Google This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the publisher to a library and finally to you. Usage guidelines Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. We also ask that you: + Make non- commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for personal, non-commercial purposes. + Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. + Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. + Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. About Google Book Search Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web at http : / /books . qooqle . com/ Father Placid or, The custodian of the blessed sacrament Laetitia Selwyn Oliver Father Placid: or, The custodian of the blessed sacrament Illlllllllll 6001009201 Digitized by Google FATHER PLACID. Digitized by Google Digitized by Google FATHER PLACID; OB, %ht tibt*iotiftn of the tilmtb Sactattwnt. BY LiETTTIA OLIVER, AUTHOR OF • ROSE FORTESCUE, OR THE DEVOUT CLIENT OF OUR LADY OF DOLOURS.' R. WASHBOURNE, 18 PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON. 1884. Digitized by Google Digitized by Google FATHER PLACID; OR, ^he Cuatcriimtt of the $le*seii Sacrament. CHAPTER I. One bright morning in September, about the year 1835, a numerous party were assembled at the hospitable board of Sir Herbert Vyvyan, at Trevayler Hall, not many miles from the little village of Pendeen, in Cornwall. Whilst breakfast is progressing, we will take a look at the different persons who surround the well-spread, table. The first to engage our attention is Digitized by Google 6 Father Placid. the worthy host, a tall grey-haired man, who has passed some sixty summers or more, the very personification of the good old English baronet; an affectionate husband, a kind landlord, and a genial host. The last of his race, he prides himself in having descended in &n un- broken line from a certain Sir Eanald de Vyvyane, who came over with the Conqueror. He has but one grief, which is that he has no heir to whom to bequeath his name and estates; for, though he has been married sixteen years, no child has blessed his union. Next to him sits an ancient dame of nearly ninety years — his mother — who still retains her faculties unimpaired, and continues to take the liveliest interest in all that goes on around her. Sir Hubert, in her eyes, is still a child ; he shows her the greatest respect, and obeys her slightest wish as if it were a command. Opposite to her husband sits Lady Digitized by Google Father Placid. 7 Vyvyan ; she is still young and beautiful, but to a close observer there is a very world of melancholy in those deep blue eyes, and there are lines on her fair brow which are not caused by age or pain. There are rumours that she has always looked unhappy since she came to Trevayler, but none can guess the cause. Her niece, a young girl of eighteen, has just taken her place at Lady Vyvyan's left hand, and her raven locks, dark eyes, and rich brown complexion, pre- sent a strong contrast to the Saxon beauty of her aunt. Gertrude Leslie was the only child of Lady Vyvyan's brother ; her mother, an Italian, had reared her in the ancient faith, and on the death of both her parents she had been sent to a convent for her education, which being com- pleted, Sir Hubert had offered her a home, which she had gladly accepted on receiving the assurance that she should Digitized by Google 8 Father Placid. have full liberty to practise her religion. Before she had been at the Hall three months she had won the affection of all the family. Opposite to her is Everard Neville. As he is the hero of our little tale, we must take a closer look at him than at the others ; he is about seven-and-twenty, of middle height and well-proportioned ; his forehead is high and broad, his grey eyes quick and intelligent, his finely cut mouth is firm, but it can occasionally relax into a smile of great sweetness. His cha- racter is easily read ; he is clever, prudent, persevering and warm-hearted. Everard Neville was the son of a very wealthy man, the rector of a large parish in the north of England; educated at Eton, he was early sent to Oxford, where he distinguished himself greatly ; he aspired to the Bar, and studied for that profession. Fortune seemed to smile on him : he had wealth at his Digitized by Google Father Placid. 9 command, and he was engaged to a fascinating young girl, to whom he was much attached. Three years previous to the opening of our story, doubts as to the faith he had been brought up in suddenly beset him ; he tried to drown them in hard study, but they continued to sound like a trumpet in his ears. After a protracted struggle of some months he yielded to the call of grace and was received into the Catholic Church. What followed was the usual result of such a step : the gay world turned its back upon him ; the religious world cast him off, and called him a 6 pervert his father disinherited and closed his doors against him; his fiancee broke off her engagement, and his best friends for- sook him. Without money and without friends, he was no longer able to prosecute his studies, and at last accepted a situation as foreign correspondent in a well-known Digitized by Google 10 Father Placid. London firm. His employers soon learned to esteem and respect the hard-working young man, and at the end of two years they raised his salary, and did all in their power to render his situation as little irksome as possible. One of the very few friends who remained true to Everard was Sir Hubert Vyvyan, and it was a most pressing in- vitation from the friendly baronet that had brought him down to the Hall for the first time. Next to Gertrude Leslie sat Dr. Lowther, the Protestant Eector of the parish, and his High Church Curate ; his wife and daughter were al$o present, as well as a Colonel Garett and three or four officers quartered at the neighbour- ing seaport town. ' This is your first visit to this part of the country, is it not T said Dr. Lowther to Everard. ' Indeed it is/ he answered ; ' and I Digitized by Google Father Placid. 11 am delighted with the little I have already- seen during my drive from Truro yester- day; I was quite unprepared for such wild and beautiful scenery.' ' Wait till you have been here a week, and see if you will not rave about its charms !' said Lady Vyvyan. ' Old Adams drove you, I suppose ?' she con- tinued. 'He did; and kept me amused the whole way with his tales of ancient times. By-the-bye, Sir Hubert, he in- formed me that there was a haunted chamber here at the Hall. Is it true ?' i A haunted chamber !' exclaimed several voices; 4 how very interesting — we must all see it !' 4 1 shall be most happy to gratify your wishes,' answered Sir Hubert, ' and will conduct those who care to see it whenever they wish.' ' Is it really supposed to be haunted V asked Colonel Garett of Lady Vyvyan. Digitized by Google 12 Father Placid. i Yes/ she replied with a shudder ; ' it has always had a bad name ; no one has ever been induced to sleep in it for two hundred years or more, except one ser- vant, who came out half- crazed and never entirely recovered his senses : that was in the time of Sir Hubert's grand- father/ 6 What was it he imagined he had seen ?' asked Everard. i I do not really know — he was too shaky to give any detailed account ; but from time to time for two centuries various persons have declared that they saw an old man in the passage leading to the room/ ' Did he ever speak to any of them ?' asked Mrs. Lowther. < No, I think not/ ' When was he last seen V asked several at once. ' The day I came of age,' answered Sir Hubert ; 6 now nearly forty years Digitized by Google Father Placid. 13 ago. I used to be very proud of our ghost/ he continued, ' till I became acquainted with its real history. I was turning over some old papers one day when I came upon a document giving an account of the murder of a Popish priest, said to have been a Benedictine monk, in that very room. My great-great-grand- uncle was then a middle-aged man, un- married, living a very retired life, as most Catholics did in those troublous days, for at that time none of the Vyvyans had conformed to the State religion counte- nanced by the so-called Good Queen Bess. His brother Bichard, the younger by twenty years, lived with him, and was acknowledged by him as his heir. About the year 1600, shelter was given to a Benedictine monk, known as Father Placid, who remained here in safety for several months, when the younger Vyvyan betrayed the secret of his hiding-place to the Crown for gold, and Digitized by Google 14 Father Placid. himself conducted a band of ruffians to the oak chamber, as it was then called. Here, before the servile ministers of justice could arrest their prisoner, yielding to a sudden fit of passion, he stabbed the good monk to death with his own hands. The priest met his fate with the courage and sweetness of the martyrs of old times, crying out, like St. Stephen, " Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." The marks of his blood may yet be seen on the floor, though much pains have been taken to efface them. His body was thrown into a cart preparatory to being taken off to Truro, where no doubt it would have been treated with the usual ignominy; but Providence ordered other- wise, and whilst a drunken carousal was kept up by the murderers, some pious servants boldly carried away the body and gave it hasty burial at the foot of an old oak in a wood near at hand, in the pious hope of transferring it to con- Digitized by Father Placid. 15 secrated ground in happier times. My great-great-grand-uncle was thrown into prison for harbouring a priest, but effect- ing his escape, died in poverty abroad, whilst his unworthy brother, professing the deepest devotion to the Protestant religion, took possession of the broad lands and estate of Trevayler. He married late in life, and for many years he prospered; but punishment overtook him at last, and he died raving mad in the very room where the murder was Committed. Since then the place has always been called the " haunted chamber." ' 'What a horrid wretch that Eichard Vyvyan was !' said Gertrude. ' I have no reason to feel proud of him as an ancestor, I assure you,' said Sir Hubert ; ' and as to my wife, she always says that a curse rests on the Hall and the family since.' Lady Vyvyan raised her melancholy Digitized by Google 16 Father Placid. eyes with a look of pain to her husband's face as she answered : ' A curse which can only be averted in one way, Hubert.' ' Does the old oak - tree still exist ?' asked Everard. * It does/ answered the baronet ; ' it is on a little mound where four paths meet ; an old cross used to stand there, but only a portion remains ; in my grandfather's days the poor people about still called it "the Priest's Oak," so firmly had the tradition imprinted itself on their minds.' The breakfast being over, the company dispersed, after fixing the hour for a visit to the haunted room. The only two who lingered behind were Gertrude and Everard. 'Do you think,' said the latter, ' that your uncle would object to my spending the night in that room ?' * What objection could he make, Mr. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 17 Neville, if you desire it ?' she answered ; * but what is the motive of your wish Y 1 1 scarcely know/ he said; 'but since I heard the story, a strong and over- whelming desire to pass the night alone there has entirely mastered me. Some- how I fancy that the old man who has appeared is a poor soul in pain seek- ing relief, and unable to attain it till some living fellow Christian takes pity on it ; or, again, it may be some troubled spirit anxious to disclose some secret which prevents its enjoyment of eternal bliss. If some Catholic were to give it an opportunity it might still appear and speak.' ' I am so glad you feel thus/ answered his young companion ; * I am of the same opinion as yourself as regards this apparition. I wish you all success with my uncle. Farewell for the present/ 2 Digitized by Google 18 Father Placid. CHAPTEE II. At the appointed time all the company met in the hall, where they were speedily joined by their worthy host, who con- ducted them to a part of the house hitherto unknown to them. They passed through long low rooms hung with faded tapestry, or with curious portraits in fashions long out of date, up winding staircases, lighted by narrow windows covered with cobwebs, through long, dark, narrow passages musty and gloomy, till they came to a heavy wooden door. * This is the room,' said the baronet ; and taking a large and rusty key, he turned the lock, opened it, and walked in, followed by his guests. It was a large and lofty apartment, wainscoted with oak panels curiously sculptured and black with age. An im- mense fireplace, with a finely carved Digitized by Google Father Placid. 19 chimney-piece, faced the door ; over it hung an ancient portrait of a man in the prime of life. To the right were two large windows, between them an old- fashioned wardrobe; to the left, ip. a deep recess, stood an immense bed, hung with faded yellow damask ; a few dilapi- dated chairs and a broken table completed the furniture, which, as well as the floor, was thickly coated with dust. Cobwebs hung from the walls, and the damp musty smell of a room long untenanted pervaded the place ; the panes of glass rattled in the windows as the driving rain fell upon them. The room was dismal and oppressive ; most of the guests, feeling the influence of the place, spoke low among themselves. 1 This is where he fell/ said Gertrude, pointing to a deep brown stain on the boards in the middle of the room ; and she murmured softly to herself, 1 Holy Martyr, pray for us !' 2—2 Digitized by Google 20 Father Placid. 6 Sir Hubert,' said Everard, 4 may I sleep two or three nights here ?' 6 Here ?' said his friend, looking very much astonished ; ' why, you will go mad. No one has dared to sleep here for many years.' 'But I dare/ answered Everard, smiling. ' I am in earnest, Sir Hubert ; in fact, I have set my heart on it. I am sure you will not raise any objection/ i You will catch cold, Mr. Neville,' said Lady Vyvyan ; 'the room is horribly damp, and one or two panes of glass are broken. You must think better of it.' I Not I,' he answered ; ' 1 shall do very well, and sleep as well here as in my usual bed/ I I expect the place is overrun with rats,' remarked Colonel Garett. 'You will have a very disturbed night, leaving aside the unpleasant possibility of ghostly visitors/ 'I fear neither rats nor ghosts/ re- Digitized by Google Father Placid. 21 plied Everard, 6 and am prepared for an encounter with either. I do not see why a man with a good conscience should not pass as quiet a night here as elsewhere. Who does the portrait re- present, Lady Vyvyan V ' Sir Hubert's renegade ancestor/ she replied. 6 1 banished it some time ago from the gallery downstairs, and my husband caused it to be placed here. I wish he would allow me to destroy it altogether/ ' 1 certainly think it is out of place here, on the scene of his victim's glorious martyrdom/ said Everard. When every object in the room had been thoroughly inspected, and the sub- ject of supernatural apparitions generally had been duly discussed, most of the party, tired of the gloomy chamber and the horrors it suggested, left the room. Sir Hubert, Everard, and Gertrude alone remained. Digitized by Google 22 Father Placid. ' Are you still in the same mind about sleeping here ?' asked Gertrude. * I am,' he answered ; ' and intend doing so, with your uncle's permission/ 6 You have my full sanction to do just what you like ; only do not blame me for the consequences of your boldness, that is all I ask. A heavy cold, or a terrible dream, is the least you can expect. I am not a superstitious man, Everard,' he continued, laying his hand kindly on the young man's shoulder, ' but the fact is, I feel decidedly un- comfortable about the past apparitions, and I cannot help fancying that this being the first time a Catholic has ever slept here since the murder, that some- thing strange will happen. It is a ridiculous idea, I confess, but I cannot banish it.' ' I hope to do the right thing, with the grace of God, whatever happens,* replied Everard. ' Who knows but good Digitized by Google Father Placid. 23 may come out of all this ? The Divine Providence orders all things, therefore it was not by chance that I came to the Hall ; it was foreseen and preordained, no doubt for some wise end, at present hidden from us.' * A fire shall be lit at once/ said Gertrude, ' and everything done to make the room rather more comfortable for you/ ' Let as little be done as possible/ said Everard; 'this room was good enough for a martyr to die in, therefore it is quite good enough for me to sleep in. A fire, even, is more than I really need ; but, as the place is damp, I suppose I must submit/ The three then slowly left the ghastly " chamber, Everard deep in thought, and pondering over the line of conduct he should adopt in case some spirit from the other world should visit him that night. Digitized by Google 24 Father Placid. CHAPTEE III. Night had come ; the great clock on the stairs had just chimed the quarter-past eleven when Everard took possession of the haunted room. Sir Hubert and several of the guests had accompanied him to the door ; they had joked with and laughed at him, wished him a merry time of it, and finally had bidden him good-night. The passages no longer echoed with their cheerful voices and light footsteps. Everard was alone, and the dreadful stillness around him made him realize to the full his entire isolation. He was alone in the haunted room ; but no — not quite alone — God was there guard- ing and protecting him, and his good angel was by his side, though he felt not his nearness. Thick curtains veiled the windows to exclude the draught, and a huge fire burnt in the open grate, enough Digitized by Google Father Placid. 25 to roast an ox, and two large wax candles stood on the table ; but no light of fire or candle could make that room less gloomy; nay, rather, it appeared more dreadful and more sad than it had done by daylight, a few hours before. The west wind whistled more dismally through the broken panes, and even the rustling of the leaves and the creaking of the branches of the old elm-tree outside sounded like the sobbing of some unquiet spirit. The damp smell in the room made it appear almost like a vast grave. Everard fell into a train of melancholy thoughts, which he endeavoured to banish by making devoutly the sign of the Cross; then kneeling down, he humbly recited his night prayers, ending with the Litany of the Blessed Virgin, and the invocation, 'All ye holy English Martyrs pray for us !' He had scarcely finished when the great clock struck twelve slowly and Digitized by Google 26 Father Placid. solemnly ; the last echo had not ceased to strike the ear when there was a strange movement in the room, the yellow hangings of the old bed waved to and fro, as if set in motion by some unseen hand, the ancient portrait even seemed, to Everard, for the moment indued with life, as the firelight flickered strangely upon it, and softly along the passage outside came the sound of foot- steps approaching nearer and nearer. At last they stopped apparently at the door, the handle turned gently in the lock, there was a moment of fearful suspense, Bfave as he was, Everard trembled and turned pale ; there was that on the threshold which filled him with terror. The door opened slowly, and the form of a venerable old man was seen standing in the doorway. An old man attired in sable garments, fashioned in the costume of a century long past ; his silvery grey hair, falling nearly to his Digitized by Google Father Placid. 27 shoulders, shaded a pale and emaciated countenance, at once mild and dignified. He gazed at Everard with a sad and wistful air, and beckoned slowly with his withered hand. Our hero paused for a moment, then with a vigorous effort he roused his drooping courage, and advanced to meet the mysterious stranger. The phantom of the night, however, did not await his approach, but, turning, glided from the room, followed by the young man, who had hastily snatched up a candle as he passed out. Preceded by his strange guide, he went up the passage and down a long stone staircase, when a sudden gust of wind extinguished the light ; he was left in darkness, save for the pale beams of the moon constantly obscured by passing clouds. A sudden panic seized him; he turned and fled. How he got back, he knew not; but at last he found himself once Digitized by Google 28 Father Placid. more in the chamber of horrors. Worn out with the excitement he had under- gone, the young man threw himself on the bed, and after tossing to and fro for some hours, he fell into a troubled sleep. CHAPTER IV. At an advanced hour the following morn- ing, the bright beams of a September sun roused our hero from his slumbers. He sat up in bed, trying to remember where he was, and what had happened the previous night. Gradually the whole of his midnight adventure returned to his memory. * Was it a dream ?' he thought to himself, ' or a delusion of the brain, or a snare of the evil one ? Did I really see and follow that mysterious old man ? and if I did, who and what is he ? For what purpose does this troubled spirit Digitized by Google Father Placid. 29 haunt this place ? Is it the soul of that unhappy renegade, whose portrait I have before me, anxious to atone in some way for his crime ; or to reveal some secret which affects greatly the honour of the noble family whose guest I am ; or could it be the spirit of the Martyr Priest, whose blood still stains these boards at my feet ? Might it not more probably be the soul of some poor Catholic in Purgatory, eager for Masses, in order to hasten its flight to the realms of bliss above ? Shame on my cowardice ! A little more boldness, and the mystery would have been most cer- tainly revealed ; at least, if my unknown friend again returns, I will confront him with more courage ; armed with the crucifix, and invoking the holy English Martyrs, I will fear nothing, and I will not rest till I have learned the secret of this nocturnal visitation.' Springing from his bed, he began the Digitized by Google 30 Father Placid. necessary duties of the toilet with incon- ceivable rapidity, as he observed that the breakfast-bell must long since have sounded unheeded. A very few moments sufficed, and he descended to the break- fast-room, where he was greeted with a round of jokes and questions — one begging to know if he had made ac- quaintance with the ghost; another, if the old gentleman from the fiery regions below had paid him a visit ; several declaring they were quite sure the whole story of the murder and the apparitions was an invention of the Papists, always anxious to pose as martyrs. Everard, with a great effort, joined in the conversation whilst disposing of a hearty meal, but with his usual prudence carefully avoided any allusion to his midnight adventure, determined to keep his own counsel for the present. Sir Hubert, his wife and niece, alone did not exhibit any curiosity on the Digitized by Google Father Placid. 31 subject ; perhaps with these three there was some lurking suspicion that some- thing had been seen, but they judged it the wisest course not to press their guest on the subject. Later in the day, Everard set out for a solitary stroll through the grounds, refusing with courtesy the offer of one or two of the officers to accompany him. He had an object in view, and that object could be best attained if alone : he was bent on a visit to the i Priest's Oak.' A few minutes' walk across the park brought him to a small iron gate, which gave access to a narrow lane, shut in between deep* rocky banks covered with rich purple heather, pink foxgloves, and golden-coloured furze. About a quarter of a mile further the lane ended in a rough wooden bridge spanning a narrow stream, which, foaming and gurgling, fell over a ledge of granite rock, forming a Digitized by Google 32 Father Placid. miniature waterfall just below the bridge, and then hurried on among ferns and flowers to join the great wide sea a mile away. The sky was without a cloud ; it was one of those warm bright days so often met with early in autumn, and Everard walked along, drinking in the calm rural beauty of the scenery: the soft west wind fanned his cheek ; the babbling of the little brook at his feet, the distant roar of the sea as it thundered on the ironbound coast, and the cawing of the rooks overhead, made sweet music to his ears. Once across the brook, the wood was close at hand ; he chose a soft, green, mossy path to the left, which speedily conducted him to the place he sought. The ' Priest's Oak,' a gigantic tree, gnarled and twisted, presented an ap- pearance of great age, having scarcely a living branch left, and a huge cavity in its vast trunk would have easily sheltered Digitized by Google Father Placid, 33 five or six men. It stood on a grassy mound, the centre where four paths met ; a block of granite, half- covered with moss, ivy, and grey lichen, lay at the foot of the tree, the only remains of the ancient cross which once had stood in the four ways and reminded the passers-by of the Passion and death of a God made Man. If Everard had entertained any doubts as to whether he was at the right spot, they were soon dissipated, for on the mossy ground some pious hand had laid a crown of red and white roses. The young man knelt and kissed the earth. * Hail ! holy ground !' he cried, * where repose the sacred ashes of one of England's most heroic children. Hail ! martyr flower, whose blood was shed for Christ! Holy priest, faithful religious, glorious martyr, your course is finished ; your conflict is over; your trial has passed ; your crown is won ! You were faithful unto death, and now you enjoy 3 Digitized by Google 34 Father Placid. the reward of your labours. Crowned with the twofold diadem of Virginity and Martyrdom, you gaze for ever on the unveiled face of God, and are inebriated with that Divine Beauty which " eye hath not seen, neither hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive/' s Blessed Martyr, from your bright throne, cast on us, your poor brethren, the Catholics of England, a glance of pity, and pray that we too may be faithful to that holy religion for which you laid down your life : intercede also for our benighted fellow-countrymen still wallowing in the mire of heresy and schism, that they, too, may return to the bosom of that Church in which alone salvation can be found, so that this little island may become once more the dowry of the Mother of God, and the land of Saints. Oh, English martyrs ! why are you so little known and so little loved ? Why is there so much devotion to a St. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 35 Philip Neri, a St. Francis Xavier, or a St. Teresa, and so little to an Edmujid Arrowsmith, a Eobert Southwell, or a Margaret Clitherow ? Your heroic lives equal if not surpass theirs ; and you had the privilege of martyrdom, a grace which was not granted to' them. Three hundred years have elapsed, and you, dear English Martyrs, have not yet been raised to the Altars of the Church. Alas ! for our indifference and coldness to you, our martyred brethren, who spoke the same tongue, breathed the same air, trod on the same soil as ourselves. ' Witness, great Saints, my firm resolve, that happen what may, go where I will, I will strive to my last breath to spread devotion to you, and to stir up some enthusiasm towards you in the cold hearts of men; and if God grant me the opportunity, I promise to devote money, time, and talents to the advance- ment of your cause at Borne.' 3—2 Digitized by Google 36 Father Placid. The young man rose, his face glowing with fervour, and resumed his walk through the woods, a sweet peace and serenity filling his soul as the bright Angels of God registered his vow in the eternal records. CHAPTER V. It was with the greatest impatience that Everard awaited the midnight hour in the haunted chamber. Great was his anxiety lest the stranger should not again appear; but his fears were ground- less, his anxiety was thrown away ; the last tone of the clock had not yet died away, when again the mysterious move- ment was heard in the room, the hangings of the bed again waved to and fro, and the footsteps of the unknown guest once more sounded along the gallery. The door flew open, and on the threshold stood the old man. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 37 Everard, being less terrified, was able to survey him more calmly, and felt convinced that he was one calculated to excite more reverence and love than fear and dismay. His countenance wore the same melancholy expression, and he beckoned with his hand just as he had done on the previous night. With his crucifix in his hand, Everard approached the stranger ; he fancied that the old man smiled as he drew near with the sign of Salvation uplifted, but he spoke not ; and turning round, pre- ceded Everard down the gallery. They went up passages and down stair- cases, and through many rooms unrecog- nised by Everard, till they came to a small narrow chamber paved with stone, the roof of which was supported by slender pillars of polished marble ; it was lighted by a solitary window, through which the moonbeams poured in all their glory, making it almost as bright as day. Digitized by Google 38 Father Placid. Here the stranger paused, and Everard turned towards him, wondering what next would happen. The unknown pointed with its transparent hand to the stone at their feet. Everard bent down, and perceived that this stone differed in appearance from the rest of the pave- ment, and that in its centre was an iron ring ; it was evident that the ghost desired the removal of this part of the pavement, for some reason best known to himself. Everard was young and strong : he braced himself to the task, and com- menced the work of uplifting , the stone ; but do what he would, he could not move that solid block one half inch ; the sweat poured from his brow, and more than once he paused, faint and weary with his exertions ; but each time that he did so his mysterious com- panion heaved a heavy sigh ; and when our hero gazed into his face, as he stood Digitized by Google Father Placid. 39 there silent and motionless, it seemed to grow more melancholy and sad. The kind heart of Everard throbbed with sympathy for the stranger's disappoint- ment ; again and again he tried, but it was all in vain ; and again at each suc- cessive failure came that heavy sigh. At last Everard broke the silence : ' It is of no use/ he said ; 6 1 will return to-morrow with the proper tools.' The stranger gravely bowed his head in silence, as if accepting Everard's offer, and disappeared just as the first bright streak of dawn broke through the casement. Everard mechanically wended his way through the deserted passages, pondering over the strange scene which had just taken place, and forming in his mind the firm resolve to aid with all his power the venerable man who seemed to stand in so much need of help and assistance. 6 If he had been a spirit of evil, the Digitized by Google 40 Father Placid. crucifix would have put him to flight at once/ thought Everard ; ' so I will proceed boldly, and leave the rest to God/ CHAPTER VI. The third day of Everard's visit to the Hall passed slowly away ; it seemed to him more like a year than a day, so anxious was he for the moment when the secret of those mysterious visits should be revealed. A sovereign judi- ciously bestowed on one of the men- servants had easily procured for him a pickaxe and other workmen's tools ; and with these in his possession our hero entertained no doubts of his ability to raise the granite stone, which in his mind concealed some hidden treasure. Night came at last : the birds retired to roost ; weary man sought refuge from his cares in sleep; the stars began to Digitized by Google Father Placid. 41 twinkle in the sky ; the moon shed her soft beams over the land, and Nature herself appeared to rest. Everard, too, retired to his chamber, but not to sleep; for him there was no rest — he must toil and labour whilst others slumbered. Midnight arrived, and with midnight the unknown friend with whom he had in so curious a way become acquainted. For the third time he silently followed the old man through the galleries, and once more set foot in the stone-paved chamber. The stone lay at their feet unmoved, and, as on the previous night, the moon alone diffused its silvery light around, and its soft radiance somewhat dispelled the gloom of that solitary place. With a silent prayer, Everard resumes the work he had commenced so un- successfully before, the stranger standing by and watching every movement. After many fruitless efforts the stone begins to Digitized by Google 42 Father Placid. be perceptibly loosened; our hero, en- couraged by this, labours with redoubled ardour and enthusiasm ; and, after an hour or two of heroic toil, the mass of granite yields to the superior skill of man. With almost supernatural strength he drags the stone from its position, and lays it on the ground. Then eagerly he bends over the yawn- ing cavity revealed beneath, but as he does so x he utters a low cry of wonder, and falls prostrate on the ground. The secret of those midnight visits is suddenly revealed to him. At his feet lies a mass of treasure : vestments are there of cloth of gold and silver tissue, heavy with embroidery; there are chalices of gold and ciboriums studded with pre- cious gems; and lastly, in a jewelled monstrance, the greatest treasure of all, that Pearl of great price, the Blessed Sacrament I Everard bends low in profound adora- Digitized by Google Father Placid. 43 tion before the Eucharistic God, hidden under the appearance of bread, so mira- culously preserved in that lonely vault for so many long years. Then, turning, he gazes with wonder at the mysterious guardian of the Blessed Sacrament. He is kneeling by Everard's side, with his hands crossed upon his breast, but oh, how transfigured! Every appear- ance of age has vanished ; all traces of pallor and sadness have fled away, and a halo of light seems to surround his head; his eyes are fixed with an ex- pression of burning love on the Blessed Sacrament, and he appears rapt in ecstasy. A Seraph before the throne of God could scarcely look more lovely, and the brightness of his face is so intense that it almost dazzles Everard's eyes. Absorbed in the contemplation of God, his countenance reflects by turns all the Divine attributes ; just as a translucent Digitized by Google 44 Father Placid. mountain lake mirrors in its placid bosom the glittering splendour of the sun, the azure blue of the clear sky by day, the pale rays of the moon, and the twinkling stars by night. Gazing on the countenance of the Martyr Priest, for surely it can be no other but he, Everard realizes for the first time the unutterable glory, majesty, and beauty of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament, and considers within himself, ' If such be the servant, what then must the Divine Master of such a servant be ?' Those two kneel on, and hours go by ; but those hours seem minutes to these privileged souls, and Everard dreads the moment when it must end. It comes at last; the light of day is breaking into that narrow sanctuary, and the bright citizens of the heavenly Jerusalem are recalling their companion to glory. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 45 The Martyr Priest rises; for one moment he stands and casts a glance of tender love and gratitude on Everard; then, raising his sacred hand, he makes over him the sign of the Cross, and vanishes. Everard weeps, for he knows that he shall see his face no more. The Saint's labour of love is over ; he has been the faithful guardian and custodian of the Blessed Sacrament hitherto ; he now bequeaths It to Everard, who under- stands that he is to continue that care till the Holy of Holies is in the hands of a priest. Happy soul, to whom so sweet and sacred a legacy has been bequeathed! Let us leave him there, before Jesus in the Eucharist, striving to atone by acts of adoration and love for the neglect and base ingratitude of mankind towards the greatest of benefactors in this mystery of Divine tenderness. Digitized by Google 46 Father Placid. CHAPTER VII. Everard's protracted vigil did not allow him time for any repose. His anxiety as regards the sacred treasure entrusted to his care banished all desire for sleep. At an early hour he knocked at the door of Sir Hubert's dressing-room, and asked to see him for a few minutes. On learning that the subject on which Everard proposed to confer was his mid- night adventures in the haunted room, Sir Hubert led the way to the library, ' For/ said he, ' my wife and mother, to say nothing of Gertrude, are as anxious as myself to hear your experiences, and I will not deprive them of the pleasure of hearing them first from your own lips.' So saying, he entered the room where Lady Vyvyan, Gertrude, and the old lady were already seated. 4 Laura/ he said, ' Mr. Neville pro- Digitized by Google Father Placid. 47 poses to relate all that he has seen during his sejour in the haunted room ; we are all dying of curiosity, so I hope he will not keep us long in suspense.' Everard gravely began his wonderful tale : in thrilling tones he described the first appearance of the old priest, and his own cowardice; he related the second mysterious visit of the same holy person — how he followed him into the stone - paved room, and his ineffectual efforts to raise the stone, accompanied by those deep sighs of disappointment from his companion. In accents of the deepest feeling, he described his third night's experience — the discovery of the Blessed Sacrament ; the wondrous change in the old man by his side; his blessing and disappearance, and his own prolonged vigil through the night. There was silence as Everard finished his story, broken at last by Lady Vyvyan. Digitized by Google 48 Father Placid. € Hubert,' she cried, ' I can resist no longer ; I must become a Catholic, For seventeen years I have fought against the grace of God, but I can continue the struggle no longer. Before my marriage I saw the truth of the Catholic religion, and resolved to embrace it ; I was in- structed and prepared by an aged priest ; the day of my reception into the Church was even fixed. I met you, you pro- posed for my hand, and I accepted your offer. I feared you would not marry a Catholic wife ; I therefore concealed from you my intended change of faith, and I deferred my conversion. Year by year, as the desire to become a Catholic grew stronger, I tried harder and harder to stifle it ; at times I succeeded, but when- ever I approached any way near the haunted room, those wishes revived with greater force than before. Oh, Hubert ! you will not cast me off, if I embrace the religion of your ancestors V Digitized by Google Father Placid. 49 Sir Hubert was deeply moved, and, drawing her into his arms, said : ' My own dear wife, if the Catholic religion will conduce in any way to your happiness, you have my full permission to embrace it; but oh! Laura, how much misery you might have spared yourself, if you had been open with me from the first. I surrounded you with all that wealth and love could give, yet I often saw the traces of secret tears on your cheeks ; I would have sacrificed a fortune to have given you one moment's plea- sure, and still I saw you were not happy. Your change of religion will grieve me less than the strange reserve you have kept up with me till now. You have done very wrong in not having given me your confidence years ago/ ' Forgive me, dearest/ whispered Lady Vyvyan ; 4 1 am conscious that I have behaved badly both to God and man/ Then, leaving her husband's arms, she 4 Digitized by Google 50 Father Placid. knelt down by the side of the old lady, saying very sweetly, ' Mother, I shall not love you less when I become a Catholic ; will it make any difference to you ?' The old lady embraced her affec- tionately. ' Child,' she said, ' it will make no difference between us. I am now on the very edge of the grave, and as I draw nearer and nearer to the tomb, I sometimes think of the words of the reformer Melancthon, " The Protestant religion is a good religion to live in, but the Catholic religion is the best to die in." I often feel I could do with more consolations than the religion I profess can afford.' ' Dear mother, we will become Catho- lics together,' murmured her daughter- in-law. 'And now, Everard, what do you propose doing ?' said Sir Hubert. i I should like to send at once for the Digitized by Google Father Placid. 51 Catholic priest, to remove the Blessed Sacrament/ he replied, 'It shall be done/ said his friend, ringing the bell as he spoke. It was answered by a servant. ' Let a carriage be got ready at once,' said the baronet ; ' and tell James to drive to the nearest Catholic Church and bring back the priest.' ' I hope, Mr. Neville/ said Gertrude, when the servant had left the room, 4 that you will now conduct us to this hidden treasure.' 'With the greatest pleasure/ he an- swered ; but, strange to relate, when he attempted to lead the way, his memory entirely failed him, and do what he would, he could pot find the room he had left so short a time before. Up and down he wandered, till at last he gave up the attempt in despair, and the whole party were obliged to wait till the arrival of the priest. 4—2 Digitized by Google 52 Father Placid. After a weary interval of waiting, the carriage was seen returning ; Sir Hubert himself hurried down to receive the priest at the hall-door, and shaking him cordially by the hand, welcomed him to Trevayler; he then conducted him to the library, and introduced him to Lady Vyvyan, and then to his mother, Ger- trude, and Everard. Then, addressing our hero, he begged him to relate his wonderful tale once more. For the second time Everard described the threefold appearance of the Martyr Priest and the discovery of the Blessed Sacrament in all its details, concluding with his own inability to find the entrance to the stone vault where such a treasure lay hidden. Father La Eoche, for such was the name of the French priest, long resident in England, was a prudent and sensible man ; he listened attentively to the whole story, without hazarding any Digitized by Google Father Placid. 53 opinion as to the truth or falsehood of the young man's tale ; at the conclusion he said : * Show me the haunted room/ The whole party therefore adjourned to that gloomy chamber, which to most of them had lost all its horrors. Arrived there, the priest surveyed the apartment, taking in everything with one glance of his keen penetrating eyes; then he said : 'Pull out the bed.' • Sir Hubert and Everard with difficulty removed that unwieldy piece of furniture. Behind the bed, however, there was nothing but the old oak panelling which lined the entire room. The priest stepped forward and care- fully passed his hand over the carved wood. ' There will be a secret door here/ he observed. ff I feel something like a spring;' and, even as he spoke, the Digitized by Google 54 Father Placid. wood, obedient to his touch, glided back into the wall, and discovered a flight of steps, at the bottom of which a second door admitted them to the vault described by Everard. There lay the stone he had raised with so much toil, and there before their eyes in that paved tomb, as once before in the Sepulchre hewn out of a rock in the Holy Land, lay the true Body of Jesus in the Holy Eucharist, All knelt and adored their Eedeemer and their God; then Sir Hubert whispered a word to the priest and left, accompanied by his wife and niece ; there was a long pause, broken only by the return of the baronet. The priest then rose and descended into the cave, and taking the Blessed Sacrament in his hands with all imagin- able devotion and respect, returned slowly to the haunted room, followed by Sir Hubert and Everard. Digitized by Google Father Placid, 55 The latter gave a start of gratified surprise as he entered. Twelve men-servants stood ranged in a double row, bearing lighted candles, and Lady Vyvyan and Gertrude, their hands filled with the most costly flowers the hot-houses could produce, knelt ready to strew the way before the great Creator of those bright blossoms. And so, with lights and flowers and every demonstration of respect and reve- rence, the Blessed Sacrament was once more carried through that house in which It had lived an unknown guest for more than two centuries. At the hall-door stood Sir Hubert's newest carriage, drawn by the best horses his amply filled stable could supply, ready to convey the priest with his Divine Burden to his destination. Everard accompanied Father La Boche to the church, and waited till he saw the Blessed Sacrament safe in the tabernacle ; s Digitized by Google 56 Father Placid. then, with a conscience at peace, he gave thanks to God for having given him grace to fulfil the sacred duty bequeathed to him by the Martyr Priest, CHAPTER VIII. Five years have elapsed since the events related in the foregoing chapters took place, and since then great changes have taken place at Trevayler Hall. Perhaps some of my readers may care to hear a little more of the different characters described in my simple tale, and for their benefit I add the concluding lines. Three months after the removal of the Blessed Eucharist from the Hall, Sir Hubert, Lady Vyvyan, and the old lady embraced the religion of their ancestors, and were received into the Church, Their example was speedily followed by a number of their servants and tenants, Digitized by Google Father Placid. 57 who had early become acquainted with the curious adventures in the haunted room. The old lady did not long survive her change of faith, and died a most holy and edifying death in the arms of her son and daughter-in-law, assisted up till the last moment by Father La Roche. A year later, Lady Vyvyan presented her delighted husband with a son and heir, who was held at the Baptismal font by Everard Neville and Gertrude Leslie, and received the name of Placid, in memory of him to whom they all owed so much. As in the course of another year two little brothers came to join the family circle, the house of Vyvyan seems at present to be in no danger of extinction. The haunted chamber, haunted no longer, has been transformed into a beautiful Chapel, the high altar of which stands over the exact spot where the Martyr shed his blood. This Altar of Digitized by Google 58 Father Placid. solid silver supports a tabernacle of the same costly material, a gem of beauty, being adorned within and without with Lady Vyvyan's jewels, which she obtained her husband's permission to sacrifice for that purpose, as an offering of gratitude for their conversion. The space behind the Altar is left open to afford access to the stone-paved vault, formerly the hiding-place of the Holy Eucharist, which remains just as it was five years ago, except that on each Maundy Thursday, filled with lights and flowers, it becomes once more the Sepulchre of the Blessed Sacrament. Father La Koche has been established at the Hall as private chaplain for three years. His prudence, learning, and sanctity have secured for him the respect and esteem of the flock committed to his care, as his kindness, charity, and self- sacrificing zeal for their welfare have won their love. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 59 Tha old oak-tree still stands under the canopy of heaven, and at its foot a beautiful granite- cross now rears its lofty head. On the pedestal may be seen the following words : ' All ye holy English Martyrs pray for us/ Gertrude Leslie, after a long sojourn at Trevayler Hall, went to try her voca- tion at the Carmelite Convent of Lan- herne, and when last we heard of her, the white veil of the novice shaded her beauty from the bold gaze of man. And what of Everard Neville ? — how has it fared with him since he slept in the once haunted chamber ? For a year after his visit to the Hall, Everard continued in the employment of the same London firm ; at the end of that period he was summoned to his father's dying bed, to receive from the pallid lips of his only remaining parent the full pardon of all the past, and a Digitized by GoOglC 60 Father Placid. father's blessing. On opening the will, dated three days previously, it was found that all the old Hector's wealth was bequeathed to Everard, without condi- tions of any kind. The first use made by the young man of his large fortune, after paying oflf all his father's debts, was to build a small but beautiful church, dedicated to the Martyrs of England, in a poor and populous part of the county which had given him birth. This work achieved, he hastened to bend his steps towards Kome; and after a brief sojourn in the Eternal City, was received into the English College. He has now been there three years, and his talents being of the highest order, his masters and professors look forward to a day when he will distinguish both himself and the College which has trained him. His piety is such, that even among his good and devout com- Digitized by Google Father Placid. 61 panions he stands conspicuous, and he is known by the name of the 6 pious student.' But in his studies for the priesthood has he forgotten the English Martyrs ? Far from it ; the strange events of those three nights in the haunted room, and the vow he had made at the foot of the priest's oak, remain fresh in his memory, and time but adds stability to his firm resolve. Among his companions and friends he speaks continually of the English Martyrs, and by his pious words and still more pious example spreads devotion to them in season and out of season. During his spare moments in the day, and during hours robbed from his sleep at night, he compiles and writes easy and popular lives of those same blessed Martyrs, intended for distribution among the lower classes in England. A larg6 sum of money, invested by him before Digitized by Google 62 Father Placid. his arrival in the Eternal City, ever remains intact, notwithstanding the calls on his charity ; he gives, and gives largely, but this particular sum he will never touch ; he calls it ' The Fund of the English Martyrs/ and it is intended for the advancement of their cause at Home. The last look we had at our hero was in the beautiful chapel of the English College. It was a feast day, and Jesus in the Blessed Eucharist, exposed on high amidst a blaze of lights, received the homage of His faithful subjects, Everard, too, was there, kneeling before the Altar, his eyes closed, his hands clasped ; he seemed no longer on earth — absorbed in devotion, he appeared utterly oblivious of aught but the Divine King in His beauty before him. At that fountain of living waters he was slaking his thirst, and .drinking in floods of love, light, and happiness. Digitized by Google Father Placid. 63 There we will bid him farewell, there in that haven of peace we will leave him, preparing for that awful moment when' pastoral hands will be uplifted over him, and those solemn words of holy Scripture will be fulfilled in his regard : * Tu es sacerdos in aeternum secundum ordinem Melchisedech.' THE END. R. WASH BOURNE, PRINTER, 18 PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON. Digitized by Google Digitized by Google " A glance at Mr. Washbourne's lists will * acquaint us where we may find light, diverting Catholic literature."— Catholic Book News, Jan., 1881. WASHBOURNE'S OF LIBRARY AND With Numerous AND LIST OF FROM AMERICA. Complete Catalogue Catalogue prize BOOKS, Critical Notices, WORKS IMPORTED See page 20. Sent Post Free. 18 Paternoster Row, London, Post Office Orders to be J| made payable to Robert Washbourne, at 11 the General Post Office. 384 The Most Beautiful among the Children of Men — Meditations upon the Life of Our Lord. By Mrs. Abel Ram. With a Preface by the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster. 3s. ; full gilt, 4s. Ethelreda. A True Story for the Young. By Betty. 6d. For Better, not For Worse. A Tale of our own Times. By Rev. Langton George Vere. 3s. Spirit of St. John the Baptist, is. A Friendly Voice; or, the Daily Monitor. By the author of " Golden Sands." 6d. Ora pro Nobis; or, Tristram's Friends. By Rev. F. Drew, is. Lives of the Saints, from Alban Butler. Selected and edited by Right Rev. Mgr. Goddard. 5s. Life of St. Mildred, Abbess of Minster in Thanet. By a Lay-Tertiary of St. Francis. 2s. Second Series of True Wayside Tales. By Lady Herbert. 3s., or separately : — Moothoosawmy, or Natural Uprightness Supernatu- rally Rewarded ; Saveriammal, or the Story of a Snake-bite and its Cure ; Father Koblyowicz, or the Martyr to Sacramental Silence, is. Emily; Nancy; the Efficacy of Prayer; and the White Necktie, a Story of First Communion, is. The Two Cousins; The Result of a Mother's Prayers; and The Two School-boys. is. Our Esther. By M.F.S., author of "Jack's Boy." 2s. 6d. The Gamekeeper's Little Son, and other Tales. By the author of " Bobbie and Birdie." 2s. 6d. Annals of the Holy Childhood. 3d. A List of DRAMAS will be found on pages 19 and 26- Digitized by VjOOQIC 2 A Washbournis Catalogue. True Wayside Tales. By Lady Herbert. 3s. ; or may be had separately, in 5 volumes, cheap edition, in pretty binding, price 6d. each volume. 1. The Brigand Chief, and other Tales. 2. Now is the Ac- cepted Time, and other Tales. 3. What a Child can do, and other Tales. 4. Sowing Wild Oats, and other Tales. 5. The Two Hosts, and other Tales. " These tales are short, in good legible type, and evidently true." — Tablet. Chats about the Commandments. By M. F. Plues, author of " Chats about the Rosary." 3s. "This book is written in a manner that would attract children, and we should think that it will be found a help by parents and teachers. . . . What you have written is very practical and true." — Cardinal Manning. < Jack's Boy. By M. F. S., author of " Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales," " Fluffy," etc. 3s. 6d. "The author of 'Tom's Crucifix' is a favourite with many readers, old and young. There is a tender depth of feeling which runs through every page, and a simple earnestness and manifest truthfulness in the manner and style of the narration which renders her stories peculiarly attractive." — Weekly Register. "The more we have of such tales to move kind hearts* the better will it be for the children of the poor in our overgrown towns." — The Month. Bertram Eldon and how he found a home. By M. A. Pennell, author of "Nellie Gordon." Cloth, is. "Authors who will and can write little books like 'Bertram Eldon,' may hope to do much good thereby, for they are directly helping to inspire children with a love of the neglected poor, which will through after-life bear fruit in works of mercy." — The Month. " We can all learn a lesson from such a career as ' Bertie Eldon's.' " "•Catholic Times. Walter Ferrers' School Days ; or, Bellevue and its Owners. By C. Pilley. 2s. Cheap edition, is. "A family suffers a sudden reverse of fortune by the death of the father and the dishonesty of his agent. The Christian matron shows herself equal to the occasion, and her children find strength in her example, derive benefit from adversity, and struggle forward into happier times." — The Month. "A tale for the young. Its inci- dents are so arranged as to inculcate the practice of honesty and virtue, and a trust in the goodness of Providence. Xhe juvenile mind will delight in it." — Catholic Times. The Golden Thought of Queen Beryl, and other Stories. By Marie Cameron, is. 6d. ; gilt edges, as., or may be had separately, cheap edition, in pretty binding, price 6d. each volume. 1. The Golden Thought, and The Brother's Grave. 2. The Rod that Bore Blossoms, and Patience and Impatience. " Pleasantly written tales."— Court Circular* R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. 3 Bobbie and Birdie; or, Our Lady's Picture. By Frances I. M. Kershaw. Fcap. 8vo., 2s. 6d. Out in the Cold World. By M. F. S. (Mrs. Seamer), author of " Tom's Crucifix." 3s. 6d. Story of a Paper Knife. By Henrica Frederic, is. The Siege and Conquest of Granada. Allah Akbar — God is Great. From the Spanish. By Mariana Monteiro. Cloth Arabesque, 3s. 6d. ' • A highly interesting story. The book is handsomely got up, and the illustrations, which are from the pencil of a sister of Miss Mon- teiro, add much to the beauty of the volume. ,, — Public Opinion. Gathered Gems from Spanish Authors. By Mariana Monteiro. 3s. Contents The Rosary Bell — The Blind Organist of Seville — The Last Baron of Fortcastells — The Miserere of the Mountains — Three Reminiscences — A Legend of Italy —The Gnomes of Monccay — The Passion Flower — Recollections of an Artistic Excursion — The Laurel Wreath — The Witches of Trasmoz. " Genuine treasures of romance." — Weekly Register. " Particu- larly rich in pleasant stories of the purest morality. ' — Irish Monthly. 1 1 Of considerable beauty. . . . The high moral tone of it renders it far in advance of the majority of tales at the present day." — Public Opinion. " Much grace and freshness." — University Magazine. The Last Days of the Emperor Charles V., the Monk of the Monastery of Yuste. An Historical Legend of the 16th century. From the Spanish, by Mariana Monteiro. 2s. 6d. "An exceedingly interesting historical legend. It will amply repay perusal." — Court Circular. "A peculiar interest attaches to the tale." — Weekly Register. "It is well calculated to instruct and entertain the minds of young persons, since it is a tale of piety and also historical" — Tablet. "A very realistic picture of the character of Charles in monastic repose. We have read every page of the volume with much pleasure." — Catholic Times. "The whole narrative just the sort that might be put in the hands of a boy or girl under sixteen with advantage. " — Public Opinion. ' ' Well worthy of notice." — The Month. The Battle of Connemara. By Kathleen O'Meara, author of "A Daughter of St. Dominick." 3s. " Everything else is but a sketch, compared with the Irish scenes, which are written con amore, and though not very highly coloured, are faithful to life." — Dublin Review. * A charming story, charmingly told." — Irish Monthly. "A book which has interested us; in which others, we doubt not, will take much interest. " — Tablet. "The sketch of the Holy Mass in the miserable thatched building is one of the most effective bits of description we have seen ; and this portrayal of peasant life, privation, and faith is too accurate to be questioned." — Catholic Times. "This interesting tale." — TheMonth. R. Washdourne, 18 Paternoster R<nv> London. Digitized by Google 4 Jl. Washbournis Catalogue. The Dark Shadow. A Tale. 3s. Industry and Laziness. By Franz Hoffman. From the German, by James King. i2mo., 3s. " This is a capital story for boys. We can assure youthful readers that they will find much to attract them in this adventurous story."— Weekly Register. " The moral is excellent, the interest of the story well sustained." — Tablet. "A good, moral story." — Court Circular. " Any book that tries to save boys and young men from copying the example of John Collins deserves to be encouraged, especially when it is so very readably written and printed as the present tale." — Irish Monthly. The Fairy Ching; or the Chinese Fairies' Visit to England. By Henrica Frederic. Handsomely bound in cloth extra, is., gilt edges is. 6d. My Golden Days. By M. F. S. i2mo., 2s. 6d., or in 3 vols., is. each ; gilt, is. 6d. The One Ghost of my Life, Willie's Escape, &c The Captain's Monkey, &c. Great Uncle Hugh, Long Dresses, &c. •« They are playfully descriptive of the little ways and experience of young people, and are well suited for reading aloud in a family circle of juveniles." — The Month. "A series of short tales for children, by the delightful author of 4 Fluffy ' and a score of other charming books for the young. " — Weekly Register. ' ' Capital tales for children, nicely told, printed in large type on good paper and neatly bound." — The Bookseller. "Feelings run through them like a stream through flowers, and pretty morals peep out as the reader travels along." — Catholic Times. " This is the latest of the long catalogue of bright and edifying books of short stories for which our young people have to thank M. F. S. " — Irish Monthly. The Two Friends; or, Marie's Self-denial. By Madame d' Arras {Me Lechmere). is.; gilt, is.6d. " A little French tale, in the crisis of which the good Empress Eugenie plays a conspicuous part." — Weekly Register. Andersen's Sketches of Life in Iceland. Translated by Myfanwy Fenton. 2s.; cheaper edition, is. 6d. In the one case they are simply pretty tales; in the other curious illustrations of the survival to our own time of thought and manners familiar to every reader of the Sagas." — Graphic. "Ever welcome additions to the literary flora of a primitive and little- known country, such as Iceland must still be deemed. The Princess of Wales has been pleased to accept this unpretentious little story- book, written in the high latitudes where legends flourish abun- dantly." — Public Opinion. " Told with simple eloquence. A happy mean of refreshing simplicity which every reader must enjoy." — Catholic Times. "The style is fresh and simple, and the little volume is altogether very attractive." — Weekly Register. R. Washbournc % 18 Paternoster Eow> London, Digitized by Google 5 Rest, on the Cross. By E. L. Hervey. Author of "The Feasts of Camelot," &c. i2mo., 3s. 6d. " This is a heart-thrilling story of many trials and much anguish endured by the heroine. Rest comes to her, where alone it can come to all. The little tale is powerfully and vividly told." — Weekly Register. "Mrs. Hervey has shown a rare talent in the relation of moral tales calculated to fascinate and impress younger readers." — Somerset County Gazette. "An interesting and well- written religious story for young people." — The Bookseller. "An emotional and gushing little novelette." — Church Times. " It is impossible for us to know how far the events and situations are real, and how far imaginary ; but if real, they are well related, and if imaginary, they are well conceived." — Tablet. " It is written in the gentlest spirit of charity."— A thenaum. From Sunrise to Sunset. A Catholic Tale. 3s. 6d. "A story for young readers, with a distinctly religious tendency, well '^written and interesting." — The Bookseller. " A pleasing tale, of which some of the incidents take place in the Grisons of Switzer- land. There is a good power of description of scenery, in very clear grammatical language. In fact, the purity of style of L. B. is quite an example to the average novel writer." — Public Opinion. "A lively, chatty, pleasant little novel, which can do no harm to any one, and may afford amusement to many young persons." — Tablet. The Feasts of Camelot, with the Tales that were told there. By Eleanora Louisa Hervey. 3s. 6d. ; or separately, Christmas, is.6d.; Whitsuntide, is.6d. " This is really a very charming collection of tales, told as is evi- dent from the title, by the Knights of the Round Table, atthe'Court of King Arthur. It is good for children and for grown up people too, to read these stories of knightly courtesy and adventure and of pure and healthy romance, and they have never Deen written in a more attractive style than by Mrs. Hervey in this little volume." — Tablet. " This is a very charming story book." — Weekly Register. " Mrs. Hervey brings the great legendary hero within the, reach of children, but the stories are quite sufficiently well told to deserve the perusal of more critical readers." — The Month. "These tales are well constructed, and not one of them is destitute of interest." — Catholic Times. Full of chivalry and knightly deeds, not unmixed with touches of quaint humour. " — Court Journal. 4 ' A graceful and pleasing collection of stories." — Daily News. "There is a high purpose in this charming book, one which is steadily pursued — it is the setting forth of the true meaning of chivalry." — Morning Post, A Daughter of St. Dominic. By Grace Ramsay (Kathleen O'Meara). is. ; stronger bound, is. 6d. ; cloth extra, 2s. "A beautiful little work. The narrative is highly interesting." — Dublin Review. " It is full of courage and faith and Catholic heroism." — Universe. " A beautiful picture of the wonders effected by ubiquitous charity, and still more by fervent prayer." — Tablet. The Angels and .the Sacraments. — Stories for my Children, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. 6 R. Washbournis Catalogue. Stories from many Lands. By E. L. Hervey. 3s. 6d. "Very well and, above all, very briefly told. The stories are short and varied. The Godmother's Anecdotes are very good stories." — Saturday Review. "A great number of short Stories and Anecdotes of a good moral tone." — Tablet. "A delightful fairy Godmother is this, who promises to rival the famous Princess Scheherezade as a story-teller. " — Weekly Register. "Suitable for boys and girls of ten or twelve years, and is capable of teaching them not a few wholesome truths in an agreeable but really im- pressive manner." — Illustrated London News. "A charming col- lection of tales, illustrating some great truths." — Church Times. " With a few exceptions each story has 4 some heart of meaning in it,' and tends to kindle in the mind all that is good and noble." — Windsor Gazette. " A collection of short stories, anecdotes, and apologues on various topics, delightfully told." — Athenamm. Bessy; or the Fatal Consequence of Telling Lies, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. ' ' This is a very good tale to put into the hands of young servants. * ' — Tablet. " The moral teaching is of course thoroughly Catholic, and conveyed in a form extremely interesting." — Weekly Register. Kainer ; or, the Usurer's Doom. By the Author of "Industry and Laziness." is., gilt edges, is. 66. " A very tastefully printed book, and the translation is clear and tasteful— well done, in fact."— Irish Monthly. Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales. By M. F. S. 3S.6d. ; or separately, is. each, or is. 6d. gilt. Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary. Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance. The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal. Catherine's Promise, and Norah's Temptation. Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Picture. "Simple stories for the use of teachers of Christian doctrine." — Universe. "This is a volume of short, plain, and simple stories, written with the view of illustrating the Catholic religion practically by putting Catholic practices in an interesting light before the mental eyes of children. The whole of the tales in the volume before us are exceedingly well written." — Weekly Register. Fluffy. A Tale for Boys. By M. F. S., author ot "Tom's Crucifix and other Tales." 3s. 6d. " A charming little story. The narrative is as wholesome through out as a breath of fresh air, and as beautiful in the spirit of it as a beam of moonlight." — Weekly Register. "The tale is well told, We cannot help feeling an interest in the fortunes of Fluffy." — Tablet. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London, Google 7 The Three Wishes. A Tale. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. Cheaper edition, is. 6d. 44 A pretty neatly told story for girls. There is much quiet pathos in it and a warm Catholic spirit." — The Month. 44 We are glad to welcome this addition to the story-books for which the author is already favourably known." — United Irishman. "The tale is singularly interesting. The story of Gertrude with her gratified wish has about it all the interest of a romance, and will, no doubt, find especial favour." — Weekly Register. 44 Like everything which M. F. S. writes, the book is full of interest.' '—Tablet. The chief neroine is a striking model of what a young woman ought to be, and may become, if animated by sincere desire." — Catholic Times. Catherine Hamilton. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. ; gilt, 3s. 44 We have no doubt this will prove a very attractive book to the little folks, and would be glad to see it widely circulated." — Catholic World. 11 A short, simple, and well-told story, illustrative of the power of grace to correct bad temper in a wayward girl" — Weekly Register. 4 4 We are very much pleased with this little book. " — Tablet, Catherine grown Older. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. ; gilt 3s. 44 Those who are familiar with the history of Catherine in her wayward childhood will welcome with no little satisfaction this sequel to her story from the hand of the same charming writer. There is a simplicity about the style and an earnest tenderness in the manner of the narrative which renders it singularly impressive." — Weekly Register. 4 4 Catherine's character will delight English children."— Tablet. Simple Tales. Square i6mo., cloth antique, 2s. 6d. 44 Contains five pretty stories of a true Catholic tone, interspersed with some short pieces of poetry. . . Are very affecting, and told in such a way as to engage the attention of any child." — Register, 44 This is a little book which we can recommend with great confi- dence. The tales are simple, beautiful, and pathetic. — Catholic Opinion. " It belongs to a class of books of which the want is generally much felt by Catholic parents."— Dublin Review. * 'Beau- tifully written. • Little Terence ' is a gem of a Tale"— Tablet. Terry O'Flinn. By the Very Rev. Dr. Tandy. Fcap. 8vo. is. ; stronger bound, is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. 44 The writer possesses considerable literary power." — Register, 44 A most singular production." — Universe. 4 4 An unpretending yet a very touching story." — Waterford News. "Excellent indeed is the idea of embodying into a story the belief that there is ever beside us a guardian angel who reads the thoughts of our hearts and strives to turn us to good." — Catholic World. "The idea is well sustained throughout." — Church Times. Fairy Tales for Little Children. By Madeleine Howley Meehan. 6d.; cloth, is. and is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. 44 Full of imagination and dreams, and at the same time with ex- cellent point and practical aim, within the reach of the intelligence of infants." — Universe. ' 4 Pleasing, simple stories, combining in- struction with amusement."— Register. A pretty little book to give to imaginative young ones." — Tablet. R, Washbourne % 18 Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Google 8 R. Washbournis Catalogue. The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Reli- gion : being the Story of a late Student of Divinity at Bunyan Baptist College ; a Noncon- formist Minister, who seceded to the Catholic Church. By Iota. 3s. 6d. ; cheap edition, 2s. •'Will well repay its perusal." — Universe. "This precious vol- ume. " — Baptist. ' 1 No one will deny * Iota ' the merit of entire origi- nality." — Civilian. " A valuable addition to every Catholic library.' Tablet. 1 1 There is much cleverness in it. ' — Nonconformist. "Ma- licious and wicked." — English Independent. "An admirable and amusing, yet truthful and genuinely sparkling work. The charac- ters are from life." — Catholic Opinion, The Village Lily. Fcap. 8vo. is.; gilt, is. 6d. " Charming little story." — Weekly Register. Rosalie; or, the Memoirs of a French Child. Written by herself, is. ; stronger bound, is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. " " It is prettily told, and in a natural manner. The account of Rosalie's illness and First Communion is very well related. We can recommend the book for the reading of children." — Tablet. " The tenth chapter is beautiful." — Universe. " The lessons incul- cated tend to improve the youthful mind. We cannot too strongly recommend the book." — Waterford News. " This is one of those nicely written stories for children which we now and then come across." — Catholic World. ' 'Charmingly written." — Church Herald. The Story of Marie and other Tales. 2s. 6d. ; gilt, 3s. "A very nice little collection of stories, thoroughly Catholic in their teaching ." — Tablet. % 1 A series of short pretty stories, told with much simplicity."— Universe. "A number of short pretty stories, replete with religious teaching, told in simple language." — Weekly Register. The Mission Cross. An Abstinence Tale. By Mrs. Bartle Teeling, author of " Roman Violets/' and "The Violet Sellers— a Drama." 2s. Sir iElfric and other Tales. By the Rev. G. Bamp- field. i8mo. 6d. ; cloth, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. The Last of the Catholic O'Malleys. A Tale. By M. Taunton, is. 6d. "A sad and stirring tale, simply written, and sure to secure for itself readers." — Tablet. " Deeply interesting. It is well adapted for parochial and school libraries." — Weekly Register. "A very pleasing tale." — The Month. " Simply and naturally told."— Free- man's Journal. My Lady at Last A Tale. By M. Taunton, author of " The Last of the Catholic O'Malleys." 3s. 6d. R. PVas/i bourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google E. Washbournis Catalogue. 9 Clare's Sacrifice. An impressive little tale, for First Communicants. By C. M. O'Hara. 6d. Agnes Wilmott's History, and the Lessons it Taught. By M. A. Pennell, author of " Bertram Eldon," "Nellie Gordon," &c. is. 6d. Killed at Sedan. A Novel. By Samuel Richardson, A.B., B.L., of the Middle Temple. 10s. 6d. Eagle and Dove. From the French of Ze^haide Fleuriot, by Emily Bowles. 5s. ; cheaper, 2s. 6d. "We recommend our readers to peruse this well-written story."-— Register. " One of the very best stories we have ever dipped into." — Church Times. "Admirable in tone and purpose." — Church Herald. "A real gain. It possesses merits far above the pretty fictions got up by English writers." — Dublin Review. "There is an air of truth and sobriety about this little volume, nor is there any attempt at sensation." — Tablet. Legends of the 13th Century. By the Rev. Henry Collins. 3s. ; or in 3 vols., is. 6d. each. ' ' A casket of jewels. Most fascinating as legends and none the less profitable for example, consolation, and encouragement." — Wetkly Register. ' ' The legends are full of deep spiritual teaching, and they are almost all authenticated. "—Tablet. ' ' Well translated and beautifully got up."— The Month. " Full of heavenly wisdom," — Catholic Opinion. 1 * The volume reminds us forcibly of Rodriguez's ' Christian Perfection."' — Dublin Review. Little Books of St. Nicholas. Tales for Children. By Rev. F. Drew. is. each. I. Oremus; 2. Dominus Vobiscum ; 3. Pater Noster ; 4. Per Jesum Christum ; 5. Veni Creator ; 6. Credo ; 7. Ave Maria ; 8. Ora pro nobis ; 9. Corpus Christi ; 10. Dei Genitrix ; 11. Requiem ; 12. Miserere; 13. Deo Gratias ; 14. Guardian Angel. [Numbers 1 to 8 are ready.] Keighley Hall and other Tales. By KKing. Gilt, 2s. Chats about the Rosary; or, Aunt Margaret's Little Neighbours. By Miss Plues. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. " There is scarcely any devotion so calculated as the Rosary to keep up a taste for piety in little children, and we must be grateful for any help in applying its lessons to the daily life of those who already love it in their unconscious tribute to its value and beauty." — Month. " We do not know of a better book for reading aloud to children, it will teach them to understand and to love the Rosary." — Tablet. Illustrative of each of the mysteries, and connecting each with the practice of some particular virtue." — Catholic Opinion. "This pretty book carries out a very good idea, much wanted, to impress upon people who do not read much the vivid picture or story of each mystery of the Rosary."— Dublin Review. JR. Washpourne> 18 Paternoster Row London. Digitized by Google R. Washbourni s Catalogue. The Rose of Venice. A Venetian Tale. By S. Chris- topher. Crown 8vo., 3s. 6d. "A very interesting and well-told story." — The Month. Margarethe Verflassen. Translated from the German by Mrs. Smith Sligo. is. 6d. and 3s.; gilt, 3s. 6d. " A portrait of a very holy and nobU soul, whose life was passed in constant practical acts of the love of God?' — Weekly Register, "It is the picture of a true woman's life, well fitted up with the practice of ascetic devotion and loving unwearied activity about all the works of mercy." — Tablet. "Those who may wish to know something about Convent life will find it faithfully pourtrayed in every important particular in the volume before us. We cordially commend it to our readers." — Northern Star. Ned Rusheen. By Sister M. F. Clare. 2s. The Prussian Spy. A Novel. 4s. nett Sir Thomas Maxwell and his Ward. By Miss Bridges. Fcap, 8vo. is. Adolphus ; or, the Good Son. i8mo. gilt, 6d. Nicholas ; or, the Reward of a Good Action. 6d. The Lost Children of Mount St. Bernard. Gilt, 6d. The Baker's Boy ; or, the Results of Industry. 6d. A Broken Chain. i8mo. gilt, 6d. Tales and Sketches. By Charles Fleet. 8vo. 3s. 6d. Cardinal Wolsey. By Agnes Stewart. 6s. Margaret Roper. By the same author. 6s. Cardinal Pole. By the same author. 7s. 6d., gilt, 10s. Earl Nugent's Daughter. By the same author. 5s. Sir Thomas More. By the same author. 7s., gilt, 9s. The Yorkshire Plot. By the same author. 6s. Bishop Fisher. By the same author. 7s. Life in the Cloister. By the same author. 3s. 6d. Festival Tales. By J. F. Waller. 3 s. 6d. Rupert Aubray. By the Rev. T. J. Potter. 2 s. Percy Grange. By the same author. 2s. Farleyes of Farleye. By the same author. 2s. Sir Humphrey's Trial. By the same author. 2s. The Victims of the Mamertine. Scenes from the Early Church. By Rev. A. J. O'Re illy. D.D. 3 s. 6d. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. ii The Catholic " Pilgrim's Progress "—The Journey of Sophia and Eulalie to the Palace of True Hap- piness. Translated by the Rev. Father Bradbury, Mount St. Bernard's, is. 6d., better bound, 3s. 6d. "The book is essentially suited to women, and especially to those who purpose devoting themselves to the hidden life of sanctity. It will prove, however, a useful gift to many young ladies whose lot is in the world. " — Weekly Register. 1 * This mode of teaching imparts an extraordinary degree of vividness and reality."— Church Review. " Unquestionably the book is one that for a certain class of minds will have a great charm." — The Scotsman. "No one can weary with the perusal, and most people will enjoy it very much." — Tablet. Diary of a Confessor of the Faith. i2mo., is. Nellie Gordon, the Factory Girl ; or Lost and Saved. By M. A. Pennell. 6d. Tim O'Halloran's Choice; or, From Killarney to New York. By Sister M. F. Clare. 3s. 6d. The Silver Teapot. By Elizabeth King. i8mo., 2d. The First Christmas for our dear little ones. By Miss Mulholland. 15 Illustrations, 4to. 5s. Legends of the Saints. By M. F. S., author of " Stories of the Saints." Square i6mo., 3s. 6d. " A pretty little book, couched in studiously simple language." — Church Times. "A number of short legends, told in simple lan- guage for young readers by one who has already given us two charming volumes of 'Stories of the Saints.'" — Tablet. "Here we have more than fifty tales, told with singular taste, and ranging over a vast geographical area. Not one of them will be passed over by the reader." — Catholic Times. "A delightful boon for youthful readers."— Weekly Register. "It is got up in the most attractive as well as substantial style as regards binding, paper, and typography, while the simple and beautiful legends are told in a graceful and flowing manner, which cannot fail to rivet the attention and interest of the youthful reader." — United Irishman. Stories of the Saints. By M. F. S. 1st Series, 3s. 6d., gilt, 4s. 6d. 2nd Series, 3s. 6d., gilt, 4s. 6d. 3rd Series, 3s. 6d. 4th Series, 3s. 6d. 5th Series, 3s. 6d. "As lovely a little book as we have seen for many a day." — Weekly Register. " Interesting not only for children but for pei- sons of every age and degree." — Tablet. "A great desideratum. Very pleasantly written." — The Month. "A very attractive volume. A delightful book."-— Union Review. "Admirably adapted for reading aloud to children, or for their own private reading."— Catholic Opinion. " Being full of anecdotes, they are especially attractive.' —Church Herald. " Well selected."— Dublin Review. R. Washbourne % 18 Paternoster Row > London, 12 R. Washbournfs Catalogue. Stories of Holy Lives. By M. F. S. Fcp. 8vo., 3s. 6d. "The stories seem well put together." — The Month. " It sets before us clearly and in simple language the most striking featutes in the character and history of many whose very names are dear to the hearts of Catholics."— -Tablet. Stories of Martyr Priests. By M. F. S. i2mo., 3s. 6d. " The stories are written with the utmost simplicity, and with such an earnest air of reality about every page that the youthful reader may forget that he has a book in his hand, and can believe that he is * listening to a story.' " — Weekly Register. " It has been the task of the writer, while adhering strictly to historical facts, to present the lives of these Christian heroes in a pleasing and attractive form, so that, while laying before the youthful minds deeds as thrilling as any to be found In the pages of romance, a chapter in her history is laid open which is at once the glory and the shame of England." — United Irishman. "Short memoirs well written and which cannot fail to attract not only ' the Catholic Boys of England,' to whom the book is dedicated, but also all the men and women of England to whom the Catholic faith is dear." — Tablet. " Sad stories of over thirty Priests who perished for conscience sake." — Catholic Times. "No lives of great men can depict so glorious a picture as these Stories of Martyred Priests, and we trust they will be read far and wide." — Dublin Review. The Story of the Life of St. Paul. By M. F. S., author of "Legends of the Saints," &c. 2s. 6d. and " A most attractive theme for the prolific pen of the author of •Tom's Crucifix and other Tales.' u — Weekly Register. "The author knew instinctively how to present the incidents most effec- tively, and has made the most of them." — Catholic Time's. Bible Stories from the Old Testament. Twelve Stories of the Jewish Church, to interest the young in the fortunes of God's ancient Church, by throwing the Scripture narrative into a slightly different form. By Charles Walker. Cloth, extra, 2s. 6d. Cheaper edition, is. 6d. Contents :—The Sacrifice of Abel.— The Ship of Safety.— The City of Confusion. — Melchisedech, King of Salem. — The Sabbath Breaker. — Achan.— The Child Prophet of Silo.— The Building of the Temple.— The Altar at Beth-El.— The Repentance of Nineve.— The Furnace of Babylon. — The Prophecy of Malachias. Life of St. Wenefred, Virgin Martyr and Abbess, Patroness of North Wales and Shrewsbury. By Rev. T. Meyrick, M.A. With Frontispiece, 2s. Lives of the Saints for every Day in the Year. Beauti- fully printed on thick toned paper, within borders from ancient sources. Cloth gilt, gilt edges,4to.2Ss % x \R % Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row % London. is. 6d. R. Washbourne's Catalogue Albertus Magnus : his Life and Scholastic Labours. From original Documents. By Professor Sighart. Translated by Rev. Fr. T. A. Dixon, O.P. With a Portrait. 8vo., 6s. ; cheap edition, 3s. 6d. "A translation of Dr. Sighart's 'Albertus Magnus ' will be wel- come in many quarters. The volume is admirably printed and beautifully got up, and the frontispiece is a valuable engraving of B. Albert's portrait after Fiesole."— Dublin Review. " Albert the Great is not well known . . . yet he is one of those pioneers of in- ductive philosophy whom our modern men of science cannot with- out black ingratitude forget. His memory should be dear not only to those who value the sanctity of life, but to those also who try, as he did, to wrest from nature the reason of her doings."— The Month. M The volume is a large one, as befits the subject, and it carries the reader through most of the scenes of Albert's life with a graphic power . . . We recommend this book as worthy a place in every library."— Catholic Times. " The fullest record that has ever been penned of one of the grandest luminaries in the history of the Church."— Weekly Register. "The book is extremely interesting, full of information, and displays great power of research and critical judgment. . . . The volume is eminently worth perusal."— Tablet. " One of the most interesting religious biographies recently issued from the Catholic press." — Irish Monthly. Lives of the First Religious of the Visitation of Holy Mary. By Mother Frances Magdalen de Chaugy. 2 vols., 1 os. : — or separately: — Life of Mother Marie Jacqueline Favre, Mother Jeanne Charlotte de Br£chard, Mother Peronne Marie de Chatel, Mother Claude Agnes Joli de la Roche. 6s. Life of Sister Claude Simplicienne Fardel, Sister Marie Aimee de Chantal, Sister Franijoise Gabrielle Bally, Sister Marie Denise de Martignat, Sister Anne Jacqueline Coste, Sister Marie Pennine Per- net, Sister Marie Seraphique de Chamflours. 6s. S. Vincent Ferrer, his Life, Spiritual Teaching, and practical Devotion. By Fr. Pradel. Translated by Rev. Fr. Dixon, O.P. With Photograph, 5s. Life of S. Bernardine 01 Siena. With a portrait, 5s. Life of S. Philip Benizi. With a portrait, 5 s. Life of S. Veronica Giuliani, and Blessed Battista Varani. With a portrait, 5s. Life of S. John of God. With a portrait, 5s. R. Washbourne t 18 Paternoster Rote, London. *4 Jl. Washbournts Catalogue. The Lives of the Early Popes. By Rev. Thomas Meyrick, M.A., 2 vols., 8vo. St. Peter to St. Silvester, 4s. 6d. From the time of Constan- ^ tine to Charlemagne, 5s. 6d. Life of B. Giovanni Colombini. By Feo Belcari. Translated from the editions of 1541 and 1832. With a Photograph. Cr. 8vo. 3s. 6d. Life of Sister Mary Frances of the Five Wounds. From the Italian. By Rev. D. Ferris. 2s. 6d. Sketch of the Life and Letters of the Countess Adel- stan. By E. A. M., author of " Rosalie, or the Memoirs of a French Child," " Life of Paul Seigneret," &c. 1 s. ; better bound, 2s. 6d. " The great interest of the book, even above the story of the con- version of her husband, is the question of education. The essay on the bringing up of children and the comparative merits and de- merits of Convent and home education, is well worth the careful study both of parents and those entrusted with the task of instruc- tion." — The Month, ' ' Her judgments are always wise. " — Catholic Opinion. " We can safely recommend this excellent little biogra- phical sketch. It offers no exciting interest, but it is calculated to edify all."— Tablet Life of Paul Seigneret, Seminarist of Saint-Sulpice. 6d.; cloth, is. ; better bound, is. 6d.; gilt, 2s. «« An affecting and well-told narrative. . . It will be a great fa- vourite, especially with our pure-minded, high-spirited young people." —Universe. "We commend it to parents with sons under their care, and especially do we recommend it to those who are charged with the education and training of our Catholic youth."— Register. Inner Life of Pfere Lacordaire. By Pere Chocarne. Translated by Augusta Theodosia Drane. 6s. 6d. Life of Sister Mary Cherubina Clare of S. Francis. With Preface by Lady Herbert, and Photograph, 3s. 6d. Life of Gregory Lopez, the Hermit By Canon Doyle, O.S.B. With a Photograph. i2mo., 3s. 6d. St. Angela Merici. Her Life, her Virtues, and her Institute. i2mo., 3s. Life of St Columba, &c. By M. F. Cusack. 8vo., 6s. Recollections of Cardinal Wiseman, &c. By M. J. Arnold. 2s. 6d. Prince and Saviour. A Life of Christ for the Young. By Rosa Mulholland. is. 6d. Cheap edition, 6d. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London* R. WashbournSs Catalogue. 15 Life of Rev. Fr. Hermann (Discalced Carmelite). From the French of the Abb£ Charles Sylvani. By Mrs. Raymond-Barker. 3s. 6d. and 4s. 6d. Life and Miracles of St. Benedict. From St. Gregory the Great, by Rev. Dom E. J. Luck. 4to., 1 os. 6d. With 52 large Photographs, 31s. 6d. Small Edition, fcap. 8vo., 2s. ; stronger bound, 2s. 6d. Life of St. Boniface. By Mrs. Hope. 6s. Life of Fr. Benvenuto Bambozzi, O.M.C., of the Conventual Friars Minor. Translated from the Italian of Fr. Nicholas Treggiari, D.D. 2s. 6d. nett. Life of the Ven. Anna Maria Taigi. From the French of Calixte, by A. V. Smith Sligo. 2s. 6d., better bound, 5s. Venerable Mary Christina of Savoy. 6d. Life of Father Mathew. By Sister Mary Francis Clare. 2s. 6d. Life of St. Patrick. i2mo. is.; 8vo. 10s., gilt. Life of St. Bridget, and of other Saints of Ireland, is, The Life of Our Lord. With Introduction by Dr. Husenbeth. Illustrated. 5 s. Life, Passion, Death, and Resurrection of Our Blessed Lord. Translated from Ribadeneira. is. Life of S. Edmund of Canterbury, is. and is. 6d. Life of St. Francis of Assisi. From St. Bonaventure. By Miss Lockhart. With Photograph, 3s. 6d. Life of St. German. 3s. 6d. ' Life of Cardinal Wiseman, is. ; cloth, is. 6d. Life of Count de Montalembert. By G. White. 4d. Pius IX. By J. F. Maguire. 6s. Pius IX. From his Birth to his Death. By G. White. 6d. Life of the Ever-Blessed Virgin, ts. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google i6 R. Washbournis Catalogue. Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes: a Faithful Narrative of the Apparitions of the Blessed Virgin. By F. C. Husenbeth, D.D. i8mo. 6d. ; cloth, is. ; with Novena, is.; cloth, is. 6d. Novena, separately, 4d.; Litany, id., or 6s. per 100. Medal, id. A Month at Lourdes and its Neighbourhood in the Summer of 1877. By Hugh Caraher. Two Illustrations, 2 s. The History of the Blessed Virgin. By Orsini. Trans- lated by Dr. Husenbeth. Illustrated, 3s. 6d. Devotion to Our Lady in North America. By the Rev. Xavier Donald Macleod. 8vo. 5s. nett. Life of the Ven. Elizabeth Canori Mora. From the Italian, with Preface by Lady Herbert, and Photograph. 3s. 6d. The History of the Italian Revolution. The Revolu- tion of the Barricades. (1796 — 1849.) By the Chevalier O'Clery, M.P., K.S.G. 8vo. 7s. 6d. ; cheap edition, 3s. 6d. Two Years in the Pontifical Zouaves. By Joseph Powel, Z.P. With 4 Engravings. 8vo. 2s. n It affords us much pleasure, and deserves the notice of the Catho- lic public." — Tablet. " Familiar names meet the eye on every pages and as few Catholic circles in either country have not had a friend or relative at one time or another serving in the Pontifical Zouaves, the history of the formation of the corps, of the gallant youths, their sufferings, and their troubles, will be valued as something more than a contribution to modern Roman history." — Freeman's journal. Rome and her Captors. Letters collected and edited by Count Henri dTdeville, and translated by F. R. Wegg-Prosser. Cr. 8vo. 2s. 6d. M The letters describe the attempted capture of Rome by Gari- baldi ; and the tissue of events which brought about in 1870 the seizure of Rome by Victor Emanuel." — Dublin Review. " A series of letters graphically depicting the course of political events in Italy, and showing in its true light the dishonesty of the Piedmontese government, the intrigues of Pmssia, and the ill-treatment to which the Pope has been subjected. We most cordially recommend the volume to our readers." — Church Herald. " One of the most op- portune contributions that could be made to popular literature." — Cork Examiner. " We have read the book carefully, and have found it full of interest." — Catholic Opinion. R. Washbourne, 18 ^Paternoster R<nv y London. Digitized by R. Washbournis Catalogue. 17 Personal Recollections of Rome. By W. J. Jacob, Esq., late of the Pontifical Zouaves. 8vo. 6d. "An interesting description of the Eternal City . . . The value of the Pamphlet is enhanced by a catena of authorities on the Tem- poral Power." — Tablet. "All will read it with pleasure, and many to their profit."— Weekly Register. " We cordially recommend an attentive perusal of Mr. Jacob's book." — Nation. To Rome and Back. Fly-leaves from a Flying Tour. Edited by W. H. Anderdon, S.J. i2mo., 2s. "Graphic and vigorous sketches. As Father Anderdon says, Truly they have their special interest, by reason of date no less than of place and scene. ' To Rome and Back ' refers to Rome and back at the time of the Papal Jubilee. It is as beautiful a celebra- tion of that memorable event as has anywhere appeared. " — Weekly Register. " We note in the Authoress a power of condensing a description in a bold and striking metaphor. There is all a woman's quickness and keenness of perception, and a power of sympathy with the noble, the beautiful, and the true."— The Month, " A charming book. . . . Besides pleasant description, there is evidence of much thought in parts of the book."— Dublin Review. The First Apostles of Europe. The 2nd Edition of "The Conversion of the Teutonic Race." By Mrs. Hope. 2 vols, crown 8vo. 10s. " Mrs. Hope has quite grasped the general character of the Teutonic nations and their true position with regard to Rome and the world in general. . . It is a great thing to find a writer of a book of this class so clearly grasping and so boldly setting forth truths, which familiar as they are to scholars, are still utterly unknown— or worse than unknown, utterly misconceived — by most of the writers of our smaller literature." — Saturday Review. "A brilliant and compact history of the Germans, Franks, and the various tribes of the former Jutes, Angles, and Saxons, who jointly formed the Anglo-Saxon, or, more correctly, English people. . . . Many of the episodes and notices of the Apostolic Missionaries, as well as the general story, are very happily and gracefully conveyed.' — Northern Star. " This is a real addition to our Catholic litera- ture."— Tablet. Holy Places ; their Sanctity and Authenticity. By the Rev. Fr. Philpin. With Maps. Crown 8vo. 6s.; cheap edition, 2 s. 6d. " Fr. Philpin weighs the comparative value of extraordinary, ordi- nary, and natural evidence, and gives an admirable summary oi the witness of the early centuries regarding the holy places of Jerusalem, with archaeological and architectural proofs. It is a complete trea- tise of the subject."— Month. ' 1 The author treats his subject with a thorough system, ".and a competent knowledge." — Church Herald. R. Washbourne % 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google 18 £. Washbournis Catalogue. BY ARTHUR AND T. W. M. MARSHALL. Comedy of Convocation in the English Church. Edited by Archdeacon Chasuble, D.D. is. . The Oxford Undergraduate of Twenty Years Ago : his Religion, his Studies, his Antics. By a Bachelor of Arts. is. ; cloth, is. 6d. " The writing is full of brilliancy and point." — Tablet u It will deservedly attract attention, not only by the briskness and liveliness of its style, but also by the accuracy of the picture which it pro- bably gives of an individual experience." — The Month. The Infallibility of the Pope. A Lecture. 8vo. 6d. "A splendid lecture, by one who thoroughly understands his subject, and in addition is possessed of a rare power of language in which to put before others what he himself knows so well." — Uni- verse. "There are few writers so well able to make things plain and intelligible as the author of 1 The Comedy of Convocation.' . . . The lecture is a model of argument and style." — Register. Reply to the Bishop of Ripon's Attack on the Catholic Church. (Can only be had bound up with " Marshalliana.") The Harmony of Anglicanism. Report of a Con- ference on Church Defence, is. " « Church Defence ' is characterised by the same caustic irony, the same good-natured satire, the same logical acuteness which dis- tinguished its predecessor, the ' Comedy of Convocation.' , . , A more scathing bit of irony we have seldom met with." — Tablet. " Clever, humorous, witty, learned, written by a keen but sarcastic ' observer of the Establishment, it is calculated to. make defenders wince as much as it is to make all others smile." — Nonconformist. Marshalliana — The above 5 pamphlets in one volume, 426 pages, 8vo., published at 10s. in paper covers, now offered for 6s. in cloth. R> Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. 19 Dramas, Comedies, Farces, (See also page 26.) Mary, Queen of Scots. Tragedy in Three Acts. Mixed, is. 6d. Bluebeard; of, the Key of the Cellar. Drama in Three Acts. Children. 6d. The Violet Sellers. Drama in Three Acts. Children. 6d. Whittington and his Cat. Drama in Nine Scenes. Children. 6& St. Eustace. A Drama in Five Acts. Male. is. St. William of York. A Drama in Two Acts. Male. 6d. He would be a Lord. Comedy in Three Acts. Male. 2s. He would be a Soldier. Comedy in 2 Acts. Male. 6d. The Enchanted Violin. Comedy in Two * Acts. Male. 6d. Finola. An Opera, from Moore's Melodies, in Four Acts. is. Shandy Maguire. A Farce in Two Acts. Male. 2s. The Duchess Transformed. A Comedy in One Act. By W. H. A. Female. 6d. The Reverse of the Medal. A Drama in Four Acts. Female. 6d. ErnsclirT Hall ; or, Two Days spent with a Great Aunt. A Drama in Three Acts. Female. 6d. Filiola. A Drama in Four Acts. Female. 6d. The Secret. Drama in One Act Female, is. The Convert Martyr ; or, Dr. Newman's " Callista," dramatised by Dr. Husenbeth. 2 s. Shakespeare. Tragedies and Comedies. Expurgated edition for Schools. By Rosa Baughan. 6s. Comedies, in a separate volume, 3s. 6d. Road to Heaven. A game for family parties, is. & 2s. R. IVashbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. WASHBOURNE'S Catalogue of Books from America. * Words in Italic thus {Friendly) signify that the book Is a section of the one referred to in Italic. Adventures Of a Captain. By Lady Blanche Murphy ... 2 6 Adventure! of a Casquet, The. 2s. 6d., superior edition ... 4 o African Fabiola £ o Alba'i Dream, and other Stories ... ... ••• 6 o Alice Harmon, and other Tales. By an " Exile of Erin "... 6 o Alice Riordan, the Blind Man's Daughter ... ... 3 0 All for Love ; or, from the Manger to the Cross ... ... 8 o Almanack, Catholic Home. Beautifully illustrated ... 1 6 Alzog's Church History. 3 vols. ... ... ... 60 o Amulet, The, and Poor Gentleman. By Conscience ... 6 o Angel Guide ; or, Year of First Communion ... ... 4 0 Anthony ; or, the Silver Crucifix ... ... ... 2 6 Apostleship of Prayer. By Rev. H. Ramiere ... ...60 Apostolic, An, Woman ; Sister Francis Xavier ... ... 10 o Appeal, An, and a Defiance. By Cardinal Deschamps ... 2 o Ars Rhetorica, Auctore R. P. Martino du Cygne ... 3 o Assunta Howard, and other Stories and Sketches... ... 6 o Aurelia ; or, The Jews of Capena Gate. By Quinton ... 6 o Barbara Leigh. A Christmas Sketch. By A. L. S. ... 3 o Beauties of the Catholic Church. By Fr. Shadlier ... 8 o Bellecius' Triduum and Spiritual Conferences ... ... 4 o Benedicts (St.).Manual. By Rev. Fr. Meyer, O.S.B. ... 6 6 Bertha ; or, The Consequence of a Fault. 2s. od. and ... 4 o Better Part, The. A Tale from Real Life 26 Bible. Large 4to., morocco elegant, with clasps ... ... 72 o Bible. 4to., cloth, 21s. ; French morocco, 27s. 6d. ; morocco 34 o Bible. 8vo., cloth, 8s. ; persian calf, 21s. ; morocco ... 25 o Bible. i8mo., cloth, 6s.; roan, 7s.; persian calf, 9s.; morocco, 12s. ; extra gilt ... ... ... 14 0 Bible History for the Use of Catholic Schools. By a Teacher. Illustrated ... ... ... ... 5 o Bible History for the Use of Schools. By Bishop Gilmour. Illustrated ... ... ... ... ... 2 0 Blanche de Marsllly. An Episode of the Revolution ... 2 6 Blessed Virgin in North America, Devotion to. By Fr. Macleod ... ... ... ... ... ... 5 0 Blessed Virgin, Life of the. By Bishop Dupanloup ... 10 o Blind Friend of the Poor. Mgr. de Segur ... ... 20 Book of the Professed. By author of " Golden Sands" ... 50 Burke's Sermons and Lectures. 3 vols. ... ... 30 o Butler s Lives of the Saints. 4 vols., 36s. ; gilt 42s. ; or, bound in 2 vols., 28s. ; gilt ... ... ... ...36 o See Lives of the Saints R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row> London, Digitized by Google E. Washbournfs American Publications. 2 1 CahilTs Sermons and Lectures ... ... ... 10 o Captain Rougemont ; or, the Miraculous Conversion ... 2 6 Cassllda ; or, The Moorish Princess of Toledo ... ... 2 6 Catherine (St.) of Genoa, Life ... ... ... ... 5 o Catholic Keepsake. A Gift Book for all Seasons ... 5 o Catholic Priest and Scientists. By Rev. J. W. Vahey ... 9 o Catholicity in the Carolinas and Georgia. By Fr. O'Connell 12 o Christ in His Church ; Busingen's Church History, translated by Rev. R. Brennan. Illustrated ... ... ...90 Christian Life and Vocation. By Rev. J. Berthier ... 5 o Christian Father. From the German of Rev. W. Cramer. is. 6d. paper, 2s. 6d. gilt ... ... ... 3 o Christian Mother. Ditto, same prices. Christian Truths. Lectures by Rt. Rev. Bishop Chatard 6 o Christmas for our dear Little Ones, The First. Illustrated 5 o Church and Moral World. By Rev. A. J. Th^baud, S.J.... 15 o Church and the Gentile World. By the same. 3 vols. ... 24 o Church History. 1 By Alzog, 3 vols., 60s. 2 By Darras, 4 vols., 48s. 3 By Busingen, 9s. 4 By Brennan, 4s. 6d. 5 By Noethen, 8s. Cloister Legends. By £. M. Stewart ... ...40 Commandments of God. By Rev. M. Miiller ... ... 10 o Communion, Holy. By Hubert Lebon ... ... ...40 Conscience's Works, 8 vols. ... ... ... ... 32 o The Amulet, 4s. ; The Conscript and Blind Rosa, 4s. ; Count Hugo, 4s. ; The Fisherman's Daughter, 4s. ; Happiness of Being Rich, 4s. ; Ludovic and Gertrude, 4s. ; The Village Innkeeper, 4s. ; The Young Doctor, 4s. Conscript and Blind Rosa. By Conscience ... ...40 Convert, The : Leaves from My Experience. By Brownson 8 o Counsels for each Day in the Week {Friendly*)... ... o 6 Counsels of a Catholic Mother to her Daughter ... 2 6 Count Hugo, of Graenhove. By Conscience ... ... 4 6 Crasset's Devout Meditations... ... ... ...80 Crown of Heaven, The. From the German of Stoeger ... 6 o Crown of Thorns, Mystery of. By a Passionist Father ... 5 o Dalaradia ; or, The Days of King Milcho. By W. Collins 4 o Darras's Church History. 4 vols. ... ... ...48 o Dignity, Authority, and Duties of Parents. By Rev. M. Miiller ... ... ... ... ... ... 12 o Divine Paraclete. Sermons. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Divine Sanctuary, The. By the Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Divinity of Christ, The. By Rt. Rev. Dr. Rosecrans ... 2 6 Dumb Boy ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Dupont (Leon Papin ) Life of (Holy Man of Tours) ... 6 o R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster How, London. Digitized by Google 22 P. WashbournJs American Publications. Ecclesiastical Law, Elements of By Rev. S. B. Smith, D.D. 20 o 11 VoL 2, Ecclesiastical Trials ... ...20 o Eliane. By Mrs. Craven ... ... ... ... 6 o Emerald Gems. Irish Fireside Tales ... ... ...60 Epistles and Gospels, Explanation of. ByGoffine ... 9 o Ethel Hamilton. By Anna T. Sadlier ... ... ... 3 o Eucharist, (Blessed) our Greatest Treasure. By Rev. M. Muller ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Eucharist (Holy) and Penance. By Rev. M. Muller ... 8 o Eugenie de Guerin s Letters ... ... ... ... 8 o European Civilization, Protestantism and Catholicity Compared. By Balmes ... ... ... ... 12 o Evidences of Catholicity. By Archbishop Spalding ... 10 6 Faith of Our Fathers, The. By Rev. Archbishop Gibbons 4 o Cheap edition, in paper covers, 2s. Father Oswald. A Genuine Catholic Story ... ...40 Fickle Fortune. A Story of Place La Greve ...40 First Communicants, Instructions for. By Dr. Schmitt „. 2 6 First Communion (My). From the German of Fr. Buchmann 4 o First Communion, Year of . {Angel Guide) ... .. 40 Fisherman's Daughter, The. By Conscience ... ...40 Fisherman's Daughter. Translated by Mrs. Monroe, 2s. 6d. & 4 o Four Seasons, The. By Rev. J. W. Vahey ... ...40 Francis' (St.) Manual for Members of Third Order. 824 pp. 4 o Francis of Sales (St. ), Maxims of, for every day ... 2 6 Francis of Sales (St.), New Tear Greetings ... ...10 Francis Xavier (St.), Life of. From the Italian of Bartoli 8 o Friendly Voice ; or, the Daily Monitor ... ... ...06 Future of Catholic Peoples. By Baron de Haulleville ... 6 o Genius of Christianity. By Chateaubriand ... ... 10 6 Gertrude (St) Manual ; or Spirit of Devotion, 504 pages ... 4 o God our Father. By a Father of the Society of Jesus net/. 2 o God the Teacher of Mankind. By Rev. M. Muller : Holy Eucharist and Penance ... ... ...80 The Greatest and the First Commandment ... ...10 o Precepts of the Church ... ... ... ... 9 o Dignity, Authority, and Duties of Parents ... ... 12 ,'o Sacramentals, Prayer, Vices and Virtues, Perfection, etc. 9 ' o Good Thoughts for Priest and People ; or, Short Meditations for Every Day in the Year. By Rev. T. Noethan ... 8 o Gofflne's Epistles and Gospels ... ... ... ...90 Golden Sands. First and Second Series, each, 4s. ; Third Series 3 o Golden Sands. Illustrated ... ... ... ...80 Governess, The ; or, The Effects of Good Example. By G. H. Miles ... ... ... ... ... 3 6 Great-Grandmother's Secret, The. 2s. 6d., superior edition 4 o Greetings to the Christ Child. Illustrated ... nett. 2 o Gretchens Gift; or, A Noble Sacrifice. By A. L. S. ... 30 Guardian Angel, Memoirs of a. By the Abbe' Chardon ... 4 0 P. Washbourntt 18 Paternoster Row % London. Digitized by Google R. Washbonrne's American Publications. 23 Happiness of Being Rich and Ricketicketack, etc. By Conscience ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Happiness of Heaven. By a Father of the Society of Jesus 4 o Hill's Elements of Philosophy. 2 vols. ... ... 16 o History, Compendium of. ByKerney ... ... ... 50 Holy Man of Tours ;*or, the Life of Le'on Papin-Dupont ... 6 o Household Science. By author of " Golden Sands " ... 30 Idols ; or, The Secret of the Rue Chaussee d'Antin ... 6 o .Indian Sketches. By Rev. P. J. De Smet, S.J 26 Intellectual Philosophy. By Rev. J. De Concilio ... 8 o Invitation Heeded. By James Kent Stone ... ...60 Irish Faith in America. Recollections of a Missionary ... 4 o Irish Fireside Tales {Emerald)... ... ... ...60 Irish Martyrs and Confessors, Lives of. By Myles O'Reilly 12 o Irish Race (The) Past and the Present. By Fr. The*baud 10 o Jesuits! The. By Paul Feval ... ... ... ... 3 6 Joint Venture, The ; a Tale in Two Lands ... ...50 Kerney's Compendium of History ... ... ...50 King's Page, The, and other Stories. By Anna T. Sadlier 3 o Knowledge and Love of Jesus Christ. St. Jure, 3 vols. ... 31 6 Lacordaire's Conferences : God and Man, Jesus Christ, Life ... ... ... ... ... each 7 6 Lacordaire's Letters to Young Men ... ... ... 7 6 Lenten Sermons. By Fr. Segued. 2 vols. ... ... 13 o LEO XIIL, Life and Acts of. With a Sketch of the Last Days of Pius IX. Edited by Rev. J. E. Keller, S.J. Illustrated 6 o Leper's Son ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Letters of a Young Irishwoman to her Sister ... ... 60 Life of our Lord and the Blessed Virgin. By Rev. R. Brennan. Large 4to., illustrated, half-morocco ... 54 o Liguori (St.) Life of ... ... ... ... ... 10 o Literature, Student's Handbook By Rev. O. L. Jenkins 10 6 Little Rose of the Sacred Heart ... ... ... 2 6 Little Saint of Nine Years. From French of Mgr. de Segur 2 o Little Orator, and other Tales ... ... ... ... 1 o Little Treatise on the Little Virtues. By Fr. Robert!, S.J. 2 o Little Treatise on Little Sufferings ... ... ... 16 Lives of the Deceased Bishops of the Catholic Church in the United States. By R. H. Clarke. 2 vols. ... 30 o Lives of the Saints. By Butler. 4 vols., 8vo., 36s. ; gilt, 40s. ; or bound in 2 vols., 8vo., 28s. ; gilt ... ...36 o Lives of the Saints, Pictorial, with Reflection for Every Day 15 o Lives of Patron Saints. Illustrated (Patron) ... ... 10 o Louisa Kirkbride. By Fr. Thdbaud. Illustrated ... 10 o Loretto; or, The Choice. By G. H. Miles ... ... 3 6 Ludovic and Gertrude, and Young Doctor. By Conscience 6 o Luther (Martin), Life of. By Rev. W. Stan g ... ... 1 6 R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized byCjOOglC 24 P. Washbourne 's American Publications, Maidens of Hallowed Names ... ... ... ... 5 o Maddalena ; The Orphan of the Via Media ... ... 4 o Manual of the Sacred Thirst (to repress Intemperance) ... 3 o Marcelle. A True Story. 2s. 6d. , superior edition ... 4 o Margaret Mary (Blessed), Letters of [Sacred Heart) ... 3 o Marriage, Sure Way to a Happy. By Fr. Taylor, is. 6d. paper, 2s. 6d. gilt ... ... ... ... 4 o Mary, The Knowledge of. By Rev. J. de Concilio ... 6 o Mary Magdalene (St.), Life of ... ... ... ... 2 6 Mass (The). History Of. By Rev. J. O'Brien ... ... 8 o Mass (The). The Holy Sacrifice for the Living and the Dead. By Michael Miiller, C.SS.R.... ... ...10 o Meditations, Devout. By Crasset. Translated by Dorsey 8 o Meditations for Every Day. By Vercruysse. 2 vols. ...20 o Miraculous Conversion {Captain) ... ... ... 2 6 Monk's Pardon. Translated by Anna T. Sadlier... ... 6 6 Monks of the West. By the Count de Montalembert. 2 vols. 30 6 Moorish Princess of Toledo (Cassilda) ... ... ... 2 6 More (Sir Thomas). By Mrs. Monroe ... ... ...60 Mother of Washington, and other Tales. ... ... 1 o Muard, Life of Rev. M. J. B. By Rt Rev. Dom Robot, O. S. B. 6 o Mysterious Beggar .. .. ... ...20 Mysterious Castle. A Tale of the Middle Ages ... ...60 Names that Live in Catholic Hearts ... ... ... 4 6 Neptune, The, at the Golden Horn. Illustrated... ... 4 6 New Year Greetings. By St. Francis de Sales ... ... 1 o Noethen's Church History ... ... ... ...80 Novitiate, Souvenir of the ... ... ... ... 4 o OMahony, The, Chief of the Comeraghs. A Tale of '98... 6 o Only a Waif. By R. A. Braendle (* Pips') ... ... 4 o Orphan of Alsace ... ... ... 2 6 Orphan of MOSCOW. By Mrs. Sadlier ... ... ... 3 • Paradise of God : or, the Virtues of the Sacred Heart ... 4 o Paradise on Earth ... ... ... ... ... 2 6 Pastoral Medicine. Capellmann. Trans, by Rev. W. Dassel 6 o Patira. From the French of Raoul de Navery ... ... 6 6 Patron Saints. By E. A. Starr. Illustrated ... ... 10 o Paullsts' Sermons : Five Minutes, 1864, 1865, 1871, each... 6 o Pearl among the Virtues, The. By Rev. P. A. De Doss, S.J. 3 o Pearl of Antloch. By Abbe Bay le ... ... ...60 Perlco the Sad ; or, the Alvareda Family, and other Stories 6 o Philomena (St), Life and Miracles of ... ... ... 2 6 Philosophy, Elements of, comprising Logic and General Principles of Metaphysics. By Rev. Fr. Hill, S.J. ... 8 o Philosophy, Ethics, or Moral. By W. H. Hill, S.J. ... 8 o Plus IX., Last Days Of. By Rev. J. E. Keller, S.J. ... 6 o Poor Gentleman, and Amulet. By Conscience ... ... 6 o Praxis Synodalis ... ... ... ... ... 4 o Precepts of the Church. By Rev. M. Mailer ... ... 9 o Priest of Auvrigny, The, etc. ... ... ... ... 2 6 Protestant Reformation. By Archbishop Spalding. 2 vols., 21s. Cheap edition in 1 vol. ... ... ... 14 o Protestant Reformation, &c. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 4 o Protestant and Catholic Civilization Compared [Future) 6 o Raphaela. By Mile. Monniot ... ... ... ... 7 6 Ravignan (Fr.), S. J., Life of. By Fr. de Ponlevoy ... 12 o P. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Pow, London. Digitized by Google P. Washbourne's American Publications, 25 Recluse, The ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Religious, The. By Rev. J. B. St. Jure. 2 vols.. ... 21 o Repertorium Oratoris Sacri : Ou tlines of 600 Sermons. 4 vols: 52 6 Richard ; or, Devotion to the Stuarts, 2s. 6d. superior edition 4 o Rituale Romanum. The beautiful 8vo. edition printed by Murphy, of Baltimore. Paper, 16s. ; morocco ... 25 o Rosary, The, and the Five Scapulars. By Rev. M. M tiller 6 o Sacramentals, Prayer, Vices and Virtues, Christian Per- fection, etc. By Rev. M. Mtiller ... ... ...90 Sacred Chant, Manual of. By Fr. Mohr ... ... 2 6 Sacred Heart, Devotions to. By Rev. S. Franco, S.J. 2s. & 4 o Sacred Heart, Devotions to {Little Virtues) ... ...20 Sacred Heart, Hours with ... ... ... ... 2 o Sacred Heart, Manual By Fr. Schouppe ... ... 2 o Sacred Heart, Pearls from the Casket of ... ...30 Sacred Heart, Virtues of. By Pere Boudreaux, S.J. ... 4 o Sally Cavanagh. By J. C. Kickham ... ... ... 5 o Sanctuary Boy s Illustrated Manual ... ... ...60 Scapulars (Five), The Devotion of. By Rev. M. Muller ... 6 6 Sermon at the Month's Mind of Most Rev. Abp. Spalding 1 o Sermons for Every Sunday, etc. : Catholic Pulpit ... 14 o Sermons, Short, for Low Masses. By Rev. Fr. Schouppe 10 o Sermons, Repertorium Oratoris Sacri. 4 vols. ...52 6 Sermons. Divine Paraclete. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Sermons. By the Paulists, 1864, 1865, 1871. Five Minutes, each ... ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Sermons and Lectures. By Father Burke, O. P. 3 vols. 32 6 Sermons, Lectures, and Discourses. By Bp. Spalding ... 6 o Sermons, One Hundred Short. By Rev. Fr. Thomas ... 12 o Sermons on Our. Lord, the B.V.M., and Moral Subjects. By Cardinal Wiseman. 2 vols. ... ... ... 16 o Sermons (53), Preached in the Albany County Peni- tentiary. By Rev. T. Noethen ... ... ...60 Sermons, Lectures, &c, of Rev. Dr. D. W. Cahill ... 10 o Sermons or Lectures. By B. Chatard [Christian Truths) 6 o Seton, Mgr., Essays on various subjects, chiefly Roman ... 8 o Seton, Mrs., Order of Sisters of Charity ... ...80 Short Stories on Christian Doctrine ... ... ...50 Signs and Ceremonies, Teaching Truth by. Illustrated ... 6 o Sister Natalie. By Mrs. Craven ... ... ...50 Sisters of Charity, Manual of ... ... ... ... 4 o Six Sunny Months, and other Stories ... ... ...60 Society of Jesus, History of. ByDaurignac ... ...10 o Spalding (Archbishop), Life of ... ... ... ...10 6 Spalding's (Abp.) Works. 5 vols. ... ... ... 52 6 Or separately : Evidences of Catholicity, 10s. 6d. Miscel- lanea, 2 vols., 21s. ; Protestant Reformation, 2 vols., 21s. Stray Leaves from a Passing Life, and other Stories ... 6 o Teaching Truths by Signs and Ceremonies ... ...60 Teresa (St.), Thoughts of, for every day in the Year ... 2 6 Thalia; or, Arianism and the Council of Nice. An Historical Tale of the Fourth Century. By the Abbe* A. Bayle ... 6 o Theologia Moralis S. Alphonsi Compendium. Auctore A. Konings, C.SS.R. 26s. 2 vols, in 1, half-morocco ... 32 o Thesaurus Biblicus ; or, Handbook of Scripture Reference 30 o R. Washbourne> 18 \ ^Paternoster Row % London. Digitized by VjOOglC 26 jR. Washbourne* s American Publications. Thomas Aquinas (St.) Life of ... ... ... ... 5 Thomas's One Hundred Short Sermons ... ... 22 Truce Of God. A Tale of the XI. Century. By Miles ... 4 True Men as We Need Them. By Rev. B. O'Reilly ... 10 Truths of Salvation. By Rev. J. Pergmayr, S.J. ... 5 Two Brothers ... ... ... ... ... 2 Ubaldo and Irene. By Fr. Bresciani, S.J. 2 vols. ... 16 Vacation Days. By author of "Golden Sands" ... 4 Village Innkeeper, The, and Fisherman's Daughter. By Conscience ... ... ... ... ... 6 Village Steeple, The. A Tale 2 Vincent's (St.) Manual ... ... ... ... 4 Visits to the Blessed Sacrament {Friendly) ... ... o Vows, Catechism of. By Cotel ... ... ... 1 Wenlnger's Conferences. 2 vols. ... ... .. 20 What Catholics do not Believe. By Bishop Ryan ... 1 Will and a Way ... ... ... ** ... ... 6 Wiseman's (Cardinal) Essays. 6 vols. ... ... ... 36 Wiseman's (Cardinal) Sermons on Our Lord and B. V. M., and Moral Subjects. 2 vols. ... ... each 8 Woman of Culture. By J. T. Smith ... ... ... 6 Young Doctor and Ludovic. By Conscience ... ... 6 Young Flower-Maker ... ... ... ... 2 Zeal In the Work of the Ministry. By Abbe* Dubcis ... 10 Zita (St.), Life of 3 Vercruysse's Meditations for Every Day. 2 vols. ... 20 DRAMAS, etc. Bahbler, The. A Drama in One Act. By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Male 1 Christmas Tree. Drama, One Act (Mixed) ... ... 1 Double Triumph, The. Dramatized from the Story of Placidus in the "Martyrs of the Coliseum." By Rev. A. J. O'Reilly. Male 2 Elder Brother, The. A Drama in Two Acts. By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Male ... ... ... ... ... 1 Fanny Allen, the First American Nun. A Drama in 5 Acts. Female ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Invisible Hand, The. A Drama in Three Acts. Male ... 1 Irish Heroine. A Drama in 5 Acts. By Rev. J. de Concilio (Mixed) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Julia ; or, The Gold Thimble. A Drama in One Act. By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Female ... ... ... ... 1 Knights of the Cross, The. A Sacred Drama in Three Acts. Male ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 Laurence and Xystus ; or, the Illustrious Roman Martyrs. A Sacred Drama in Five Acts. Male ... ... 2 Major John Andre. An Historical Drama, Five Acts. Male 3 Marie Antoinette. An Historical Drama. Female ... 2 St. Helena; or, the Finding of the Holy Cross. A Drama in Three Acts. By Rev. J. A. Bergrath. Female ... 2 St. Louis in Chains. Drama, Five Acts. Male.... ... 3 Sylvia, and other Dramas. ... ... ... ... 7 if. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google & Washbourne* s Catalogue. 27 For the convenience of purchasers the following books referred to in the previous pages are arranged according to price: 6d. Ethelreda. A True Story. A Friendly Voice ; or, the Daily Monitor. The Brigand Chief, and other Tales Now is the Accepted Time, &c. What a Child can Do, and other Tales . Sowing Wild Oats, &c. The Two Hosts, and other Tales The Lost Children of Mount St. Bernard The Baker's Boy; or, the Results of Industry A Broken Chain Life of Paul Seigneret Prince and Saviour Count de Montalembert Pope Pius IX. By White Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes The Golden Thought of Queen Beryl ; The Brother's Grave The Rod that Bore Blossoms ; Patience and Impatience Clare's Sacrifice Nellie Gordon, the Factory Girl Fairy Tales for Little Children Schmid's, The Canary Bird The Dove The Inundation The Rose Tree The Water Jug The Wooden Cross Sir ^Elfric, and other Tales Adolphus ; or, the Good Son Nicholas ; or, the Reward of a Good Action The Victories of Rome The Infallibility of the Pope Various Dramas (sec page iq) Is. Mootkoosawmyand other Indian Tales, by Lady Herbert Emily, Nancy, &c, by Lady Herbert Two Cousins, &c, by Lady Herbert Kainer ; or, the Usurer's Doom The Fairy Ching The Two Friends Yellow Holly, and other Tales Tableaux Vi vants , an d other Tales Wet Days, and other Tales A Daughter of St. Dominick Fatal Consequence of Telling Lies Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal Catherine's Promise, and Norah's Temptation [Picture Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Schmid's Canary Bird (gilt) Dove (gilt) Inundation (gilt) Rose Tree (gilt) Water Jug (gilt) Wooden Cross (gilt) St. Patrick My Dream and other Verses. St. Bridget and other Saints of Ireland Walter Ferrers' School Days Bertram Eldon Story of a Paper Knife Terry O'Flinn The Village Lily The Angels and the Sacraments Fairy Tales for Little Children Rosalie ; or, The Memoirs of a French Child Sir iElfric and other Tales Little Orator, and other Tales Mother of Washington, and other Tales [Ward Sir Thomas Maxwell and his Diary of a Confessor of the Faith Countess Adelstan Paul Seigneret Life, Passion, Death, and Resur- rection of Our Lord St. Edmund of Canterbury Our Lady of Lourdes The Ever Blessed Virgin Cardinal Wiseman Stories for my Children R, Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by VjOOglC 28 i?. Washbournf s Catalogue. Little Books of St. Nicholas. Tales for Children. By F. B. Bickerstaffe Drew. is. each. Nos. i to 8 are ready. i. Oremus ; 2. Dominus Vobiscum ; 3. Pater Noster ; 4. Per Jesum Christum ; 5. Veni Creator ; 6. Credo ; 7. Ave Maria ; 8. Ora pro nobis; 9. Corpus Christ i ; 10. Dei Genitrix ; 11. Re- quiem ; 12. Miserere ; 13. Deo Gratias ; 14. Guardian Angel Is. Agnes Wilmott's History Kainer ; or, the Usurer's Doom (gilt) [(gilt) The Angels and the Sacraments The Fairy Ching (gilt) [Tales The Golden Thought and other The Two Friends (gilt) Tableaux Vivants, and other Tales (gilt) [(gilt) Yellow Holly, and other Tales Wet Days and other Tales (gilt) .A Daughter of S. Dominick Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance (gilt) [Lies The Fatal Consequence of Telling Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Picture (gilt) [(gilt) Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary Terry O'Flinn Paul Seigneret Legends of the Xlllth Century. 6d. The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal (gilt) Catherine s Promise, and Norah's t Temptation (gilt) . Sketches in Iceland The Three Wishes Paul Seigneret The Village Lily (gilt) Fairy Tales for Little Children The Memoirs of a French Child The Feasts of Camelot. 2 vols. Sir iElfric and other Tales (gilt) Last of the Catholic O'Malleys Margarethe Verflassen Bible Stories from the Old Test. Sophia and Eulalie — Catholic Pilgrim's Progress Cardinal Wiseman Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes Story of the Life of S. Paul 2s. Life of St. Mildred Walter Ferrers' School Days The Mission Cross A Daughter of St. Dominick (gilt) The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Religion Life in Iceland To Rome and Back "• [(gilt) Fairy Tales for Little Children Two Years in the Pontifical Zouaves Bobbie and Birdie Our Esther Gamekeeper's Little Son [Church Twelve Stories of the Jewish The Monk of the Monastery of Yuste (Charles V.) My Golden Days Little Rose of the Sacred Heart Cassilda ; or, the Moorish Prin- cess of Toledo Captain Rougemont; or, the Miraculous Conversion The Jesuits. By Paul Feval, nett God our Father, nett Bible History. Illustrated Rosalie ; or, the Memoirs of a French Child (gilt) Keighley Hall, and other Tales Terry O'Flinn (gilt) Life of St. Wenefred Paul Seigneret (gilt) A Month at Lourdes Golden Thought, etc. (gilt) 2s. 6d. Catherine Hamilton Catherine Grown Older Simple Tales [a Fault Bertha ; or the Consequences of Farleyes of Farleye Sir Humphrey's Trial Eagle and Dove Tales and Sketches Countess Adelstan - [Terror Recollections of the Reign of Story of the Life of St. Paul Recollections of Card. Wiseman JR. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row } London. Digitized by Google R. Washbourne's Catalogue. 29 2s. 6d. (continued). Rome and her Captors Father Benvenuto Bambozzi, nett Venerable Anna Maria Taigi Father Mathew Holy Places The Three Wishes Anthony ; or, the Silver Crucifix The Better Part Blanche de Marsilly The Burgomaster's Daughter Indian Sketches [nicants Instructions for First Coramu- Great-Grandmother's Secret Marcelle The Story of Marie, and other Tales The Adventures of a Casket Life of St. Mary Magdalene The Orphan of Alsace Life of St. Philomena The Priest of Auvrigny Strange Village and other Stories The Village Steeple Sister Mary Frances of the Five Wounds 3s. The Most Beautiful among the Children of Men] For Better, not For Worse True Wayside Tales [Authors Gathered Gems from Spanish The Battle of Connemara Industry and Laziness Catherine Hamilton (gilt) Catherine Grown Older (gill) 3s. Albertus Magnus, Life of Out in the Cold World Jack's Boy The Conquest of Grenada The Catholic Pilgrim's Progress From Sunrise to Sunset Rest, on the Cross The Feast of Camelot Tales from many Lands Canon Schmid's Tales Tim O'Halloran's Choice Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales Fluffy : a Tale for Boys The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Religion The Barrys of Beigh Margarethe Verflassen (gilt) The Heroine of Vesuvius Tales and Sketches (gilt) St. German r Gretchetfs Gift Cistercian Legends [(gilt) Story of Marie and other Tales Chats about the Commandments Chats about the Rosary • Margarethe Verflassen Pearl among the Virtues Barbara Leigh The Lost Son 1 St. Angela Merici 6d. My Lady at Last The Rose of Venice St. Francis of Assisi Stories of Martyr Priests Legends of the Saints Stories of the Saints. 1st Series Stories of the Saints. 2nd Series Stories of the Saints. 3rd Scries Stories of the Saints. 4th Series Stories of the Saints. 5th Series Stories of Holy Lives Blessed Giovanni Colombini Sister Mary Cherubina Clare Gregory Lopez, the Hermit St. Columbkille Ven. Canori Mora The History of the Blessed Virgin History of the Italian Revolution Festival Tales Life in the Cloister Maidens of Hallowed Names Adventures of a Casquet My First Communion Fisherman's Daughter. By Munroe Great Grandmother's Secret Paradise of God Bertha ; or, the Consequence of a Fault Dalaraida ; or, the Days of King Milcho Cloister Legends R. Washbourne, Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Google R. Washbournfs Catalogue. 4s. (continued). Conscience's, The Amulet The Young Doctor The Fisherman's Daughter Count Hugo The Conscript and Blind Rosa The Village Innkeeper Happiness of Being Rich Ludovic and Gertrude The Truce of God The Prussian Spy, nett Memoirs of a Guardian Angel Adventures of a Captain Fickle Fortune The Four Seasons Golden Sands, ist Series Golden Sands. 2nd Series Greetings to the Christ Child The King's Page and other Stories Marcelle. A true story Only a Waif Souvenir of the Novitiate Vacation Days 5s. Recollections of a Missionary The Days of King Milcho Only a Waif Eagle and Dove Limerick Veteran The Victims of the Mamertine St. Vincent Ferrer St. Bernardine of Siena St. Philip Benizi The First Christmas for our dear Little Ones St. Veronica Giuliani St. John of God Venerable Anna Maria Taigi Life of Our Lord [America Devotion to Our Lady in North Alice Harmon and other Tales Bible History. Illustrated The Joint Venture Catholic Keepsake Butler's Lives of the Saints, se- lected by Mgr. Goddard Albertus Magnus Life of Mother Mary Jacqueline Favre, and others Life of Sister Claude Simplicienne Fardel, and others St. Columba St. Boniface Holy Places Marshalliana Shakespeare. Expurgated edition Sir Thomas More The Mysterious Castle Perico the Sad and other Tales Panegyrics of Father Segneri The Knowledge of Mary The O'Mahony 6s. 6d., Pere Lacordaire, 6s. 6d. Life of Pere Hermann, 6s. 6d. Sir Thomas More. 7s. The Italian Revolution, 7s. 6d. Raphaela Six Sunny Months and other Stories Stray Leaves and other Stories Thalia. An Historical Tale The Two Brides Alba's Dream and other Stories Assunta Howard and other Stories Emerald Gems Letters of a Young Irishwoman to her Sister Louise Lateau Cardinal Wolsey Life and Acts of Leo XIII. and Last Days of Pius IX. [ to 48s. Life of St. Francis Xavier, 8s. Goffine's Explanation of the Epistles and Gospels. Illus- trated. 9s. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. 31 Lives of the Early Popes, ios. Lives of First Religious of the Visitation. 2 vols. , ios. The First Apostles of Europe. 2 vols., ios. Patron Saints, ios. Life of St. Ligouri, ios. Life of the Blessed Virgin. Illus- trated, ios. Killed at Sedan, ios. 6d. Genius of Christianity, ios. 6d. Louisa Kirkbride. ios. 6d. True Men as we need them, ios. 6d. Lives of Irish Martyrs and Con- fessors. 123. Pere Ravignan, 12s. Spalding's Reformation, 14s. Pictorial Lives of the Saints. i5st Ubaldo and Irene. 2 vols., 16s Lives of the Saints for every Day in the Year. 25s. Butler's Lives of the Saints. 2 vols., 28s., gilt, 36s. St. Jure's Knowledge and Love of Our Lord. 3 vols., 31s. 6d. Butler's Lives of the Saints. 4 vols., 36s., gilt, 42s. Cardinal Wiseman's Essays. 6 vols., 36s. Darras' Church History. 4 vols. 48s. HOLY FAMILY CARD OF MEMBERSHIP. A Beautiful Design : All who have seen it admire it, and say Nothing equals it. Price 6d, or post free, on a roller, %d. Twelve copies 4s. 6d. , or $s. post free. Medals, 3d., 4d., and 6d. each. FIRST COMMUNION CARD. This is also a very Beautiful Design, and commends itself to all who have seen it It is also arranged as a Memento of Confirmation. Price is., or post free, on a roller, is. id. Twelve copies for gs., or post free gs. 6d. 100 for 66j. Sd. Medals in Silver, is., 2s., and 3s. 6d. each. CHILDREN OF MARY CARD. Price get., or post free, on a roller, is. Medals, 2d. and 3d. each ; or in Silver, is., is. 6d., 2s., 3s., 4s., 5s., 6s. 6d., and ios. 6d. each. Child of Mary Manual, Is. R. Washbourne > s COMPLETE Catalogue, post free. R Washbourne, \% Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google THE CHILD'S PICTURE PRAYER BOOK. In simple language and in large type, on good paper, beautifully Illustrated. The Contents of the book are Morning Prayers, The Angelus, Grace before and after Meals, Night Prayers, Litany of the Blessed Virgin, The Memorare, Prayers during Holy Mass, Divine Praises, Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament, Hymns, De Profundis, and the Rosary for the Dead. The illustrations are 16.1n number, each occupying a full page. The binding is in cloth, with a cover designed expressly for the book and the price, with the pictures in two tints, is Is., or in stronger bind- ing, Is. 6d., or with gold on the side, 2s. ; with the pictures in soven colours, Is. Gd., or in stronger binding, 2s., or with gold on the side, 28. 6d., and with gilt edges 3s., and with full gilt side 3s. 6d., in French morocco, 3 6d., or extra gilt 4s., in calf, 5s., or extra gilt, 6s. THE LITTLE GARDEN ILLUSTRATED. Abridged in the Latin, with 1C full-page niustrations : cloth, Is., with Epistles and Gospels, Is. 6d. ; roan, Is. Gd. ; French morocco, 2s. ditto, extra gilt, 2s. 6d. ; calf or morocco, 3s. Cd. ; ditto, extra gilt, 4s. 6d. ; with Epistles and Gospels 6d. extra on the above. R. WASHBOURNE'S POPULAR EDITION OF THE GARDEN OF THE SOUL. This edition of The Garden of the Soul is especially distinguished by bearing the Imprimatur of the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster. Amongst the many valuable additions, not before inserted in The Garden of the Soul, will be found the rites of administering the Sacraments in Latin and English, Devotions to tho Sacred Heart, Devotion of the Quarant 'Ore, the Prayers for a Journey, or Itinerariuni, Devotions to the Angel Guardians, The Way of the Cross, the Devotion of the Bona Mors, and many other devotions, and the Vespers in ordinary use. Especial attention is directed to the excellent pii>cr and bold type used in the edition. Embossed, Is. ; with rims and clasps, Is. Cd. ; with Epistles and Gospels Is. Gd. ; with rims and clasp, 2s. French morocco, 2s. ; with rims and clasps, 2s. 6d. ; with Epistles and Gospels, 2s. 6d. ; with rims and clasps, 3s. French morocco, extra gilt, 2s. (3d. : with rims and clasp, 8s. ; with Epistles and Gospels, 3s. ; with rims and clasp, 3s. 6d. Cab! or morocco, 4s.. with clasp, 5s. Cd. ; extra gilt, 5s., or Cs. 6d. with clasp. Calf or morocco, extra gilt, 5s., with clasp, Cs. Cd. Morocco 4 with two patent clasps, 12s. Morocco antique, with corners and two clasps, 18s. Velvet, with rims and clasp, 8s., 10s. Cd., 13s. Russia, with clasp, 10s. , 12s. Cd. Russia antique, with corners and two clasps, 20s. Ivory, with rims and clasp, 12s. Gd., lGs., 20s., 22s. Cd. Any of the above can be had with Epistles and Gospels, Gd. extra The Epistles and Gospels may be had separately, cloth, Gd., or 4s. per dozen ; roan, Is. Cd. jR. Washboume, 18 Paternoster Ron*, London. .Digitized by Google Digitized by Google ■Digitized by Google | 