Google This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the publisher to a library and finally to you. Usage guidelines Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. We also ask that you: + Make non- commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for personal, non-commercial purposes. + Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. + Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. + Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. About Google Book Search Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web at http : / /books . qooqle . com/ Rose Fortescue; or, The devout client of our Lady of ... Laetitia Selwyn Oliver Rose Fortescue; or, The devout client of our Lady of ... 1 II II 1 i s I III ■II 6001 0091 9Q X Digitized by ROSE FORTESCUE. Digitized by Google Digitized by GoogI ROSE FORTESCUE; OB, THE DEVOUT CLIENT OF OUR LADY OF DOLOURS. BY LiETITIA OLIVER, AUTHOR OP ' FATHER PLACID, OR THE CUSTODIAN OP THE BLESSED SACRAMENT.' R WASHBOURNE, 18, PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON. 1884. Digitized by Google Digitized by ROSE FORTESCUE ; OR, THE DEVOUT CLIENT OF OUR LADY OF DOLOUES. CHAPTEE I. One hot day in August, two little chil- dren were sitting in the shade of some of the large beech-trees on the smooth, well-kept lawn of Fernleigh Manor. The elder of the two, a dark-eyed, intelligent girl of seven years old, looked the picture of discontent, and cast uneasy looks in the direction of her cousin, a fairy-like, golden-haired child, a year younger, who was nursing a large wax doll with the utmost satisfaction. Digitized by 6 Rose Fortescne. At a little distance sat their nurse, a quiet, respectable woman of middle age, who was busy knitting a stocking, now and then raising her eyes to her young charges. The dark -eyed child, after watching her little companion's move- ments with considerable impatience, at length called out : 1 That doll is mine, and I want to have it back ; give it to me, Edith !' 1 It is not yours, it is mine now,' replied Edith defiantly, € and I mean to keep it/ * It is mine/ replied the other very angrily. * Leonard gave it me a year ago, and I have kept it so carefully since. You shall give it up !' 'For shame, Miss Bose/ said the nurse, rising to go in, ' let your cousin have it a bit longer ; and now both of you be good children whilst I go in and see about tea/ There was silence for about five minutes after nurse had left, then Kose called out : 'You are holding my doll's face in Digitized by Rose Fortescw. 7 the sun ; it will make her ill ; do sit more in the shade/ * The sun will do her good/ answered Edith, without moving an inch; 'she has got a cold, and the sun will warm her.' . ' It will not do her any good — it will hurt her beautiful pink cheeks/ replied Eose, half crying. « See, the wax is getting quite soft; it seems all covered with blisters ; do move !' 'I won't move/ said Edith; 'I like the sun/ This was too much for the fast di- minishing patience of little Rose; she started up and exclaimed : 1 Then you shall not have her another moment/ and seizing hold of the doll, she endeavoured to drag it from Edith's arms. A struggle ensued between the two children, both equally determined to have possession of the wax baby, which till now had been the pride of Rose's heart. The contest soon produced deplorable results : first a wax arm, then a wax leg Digitized by 8 Rose Fortescue. was broken, whilst a stream of bran issued from a rent in its body. Eose was at last victorious : she succeeded in drag- ging her treasure from her cousin's arms; but, as she did so, Edith, with a fiendish look fo triumph, contrived to smash in the already melting face of the no longer beautiful doll. Eose uttered a cry of vengeance, and raising her arm, struck her little companion with all the force she could command. 'Miss Eose, how dare you !' cried the sharp voice of the nurse, who had re- turned unperceived ; 1 go into the house this minute, and do not come out again till you are reaUy sorry, and can promise to behave better.' Eose darted away, quivering all over with passion, carrying with her the muti- lated remains of her still precious doll. She entered the hall, but instead of going to the nursery, or to her own bedroom, she turned down a long passage, and, raising a heavy curtain, softly lifted the latch of the door concealed behind it, and passed into the chapel. It was a Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 9 simple, unpretending little building, possessing no architectural beauty; its altar was of plain wood, surmounted by a modern picture of no particular merit, representing the Crucifixion. There were no stained - glass windows, no bright flowers, no signs of its being much fre- quented ; only the small silver lamp sus- pended from the roof told of the pre- sence of the silent and unseen Dweller in the Tabernacle. But it was not to the Tabernacle that little Eose turned ; at the entrance of the chapel there was depicted in stone Our Lady of Dolours, holding in her tender arms the bruised and wounded body of her Divine and crucified Son. The countenance of that desolate Mother of Sorrows was the very ideal of grief, anguish, and affliction, blended with a touching resignation to the will of the Eternal Father. It was the per- fect realization of those words of the Stabat Mater : 1 Cujus animam gementem, Contristatam, et dolentem, Pertransivit gladius. Digitized by 10 Eose Fortescne. ' 0 quam tristis et afflicta Fuit ilia benedicta Mater Unigeniti. , Under the feet of the Blessed Virgin was inscribed a sentence from the La- mentations of Jeremias : ' Oh, all you that pass by the way, attend and see if there be sorrow like to my sorrow.' It was to this lovely and touching group that the little girl bent her steps, as she had often done before ; it was at the feet of Our Lady of Sorrows that she flung herself in her childish grief, weeping and sobbing bitterly. It was long before the fit of passion gave place to softer feelings ; at last her tears began to flow more gently, her bosom ceased to heave ; then she raised her eyes lovingly to that sweet Mother's face, and showed her the mangled body of her doll, pouring out her tale of woe with as much simplicity as if the statue could really see and hear. Soon, very soon, repentance came, and, clasping her little hands together, she repeated a simple act of contrition, adding at the Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 11 end, * Dear Mother of Sorrows, I am sorry for having hurt your Divine Son, and I do forgive Edith now/ Then, climbing up to the statue, half kneeling, half sitting by the Blessed Virgin's side on the broad marble slab, she laid her head against that Mother's knee, and, worn out with her transitory fit of pas- sion, she fell fast asleep. There, two hours later, she was found by the nurse, who, becoming alarmed at her prolonged absence, had been seeking her all over the house. CHAPTER II. Twelve years with their joys and their sorrows have glided swiftly away, and once more we stand in the garden of Fernleigh Manor ; but the whole aspect of the place has changed since last we saw it. It is the first of February ; the sun indeed is shining brightly, but the green lawn now presents a white, un- broken surface ; the fine beech-trees are Digitized by 12 Rose Fortescue. laden with snow, and instead of the op- pressive atmosphere of August, we feel the sharp exhilarating air of a frosty day. The occupants of the garden are also changed ; the two little children we saw before are no longer there ; instead, there is a grey-haired, sallow-looking gentleman, in a luxuriously cushioned bath-chair, who is being drawn up and down the carefully swept drive by a foreign - looking man - servant, whilst walking by his side is a tall, graceful, dark-eyed girl of nineteen, her hands full of snowdrops. ' They are for the chapel to-morrow, father/ she is saying ; ' it is the Feast of the Purification, you know ; I do so hope that Leonard will think of sending me some flowers from the Park ; I was in the hothouses yesterday, and saw such lovely plants/ ' Oh, Leonard will remember nothing now ; the grand places he has seen will have made him forgetful of his old friends,' said her father. i How can you say so V replied Eose, Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 13 a little indignantly ; ' he is always so thoughtful for us in every way ; and as to the flowers, he can only have got back late last night; he will not have had time to send them over — they will come later on, I know.' 'Hark!' she cried, after a moment's pause, i I hear his horse on the high-road now ; let us go to the gate and meet him/ They had but just got to the end of the drive when the horse and its rider, fol- lowed by a groom, galloped up, and a young man of most pleasing appearance sprang from the saddle, and giving the horse to his servant, warmly greeted the little group assembled to give him wel- come. * Dear Kose, how are you ? but I need not ask — I see you are as blooming as ever. General Fortescue/ bending over the invalid in the chair, and taking his hand with the affection of a son, * I hope you are feeling a little stronger. Gustave, how do you do?' to the ser- vant in the background. * Oh, how de- lightful it is to be at home again P Digitized by 14 Rose Fortescue. 6 You still call this home, my boy, said General Fortescue, his face lighting up with pleasure ; ' why, you should call Northcliffe Park your home now/ * I am very fond of the Park,' an- swered Leonard quickly, 6 but still, this will always seem to me my real home ; after living here fourteen years, off and on, I think I have a right to call it so/ 1 You have, you have, my dear boy/ said General Fortescue. ' I hope you will call it by no other name/ ' And after all you have seen abroad/ said Kose, 'does this place still appear as charming as ever to you ?' * A thousand times more so/ he an- swered ; i all the beauties I have seen in Italy have only made me appreciate my own country more. I am a thorough Englishman still, you see, my little sister/ ' You are the same as ever/ said Kose, delighted. ' 1 began to fear, from the enthusiastic descriptions in your letters, that you would return quite discontented with the Park and the Manor House ; Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 15 and you know/ she added, ' the Park is my beau ideal of a little earthly para- dise/ * I have the vanity to think it as near perfection as can be/ said Leonard, smil- ing ; « but I am a partial judge, so my opinion goes for nothing. I have not forgotten your flowers for the chapel. I gave Kichardson orders to send you the very best he had ; some of your favourite white camellias particularly ; they will be down in an hour's time/ 6 Thank you so much, dear Leonard/ answered Kose warmly, 'I knew you would send them ; now you will remain to luncheon, and help me to arrange the chapel afterwards/ ' That is the very thing I had intended/ he replied ; f I shall be very glad to help you/ 4 Let us go in at once/ said the General ; * it only wants ten minutes to luncheon time, and I have to write a letter before then/ Gustave wheeled the chair on, whilst the two young people followed behind. Digitized by 16 Rose Fortescue. 6 How is your mother ? 9 asked Leonard, in a low voice. ' No better,' she replied, in the same tone ; 6 rather worse, if anything ; we do all we can to amuse and interest her, but nothing succeeds/ 6 Would it not be much better if she returned to the same asylum she was in before V asked Leonard. ' I almost think it would be better for her,' answered Eose, i I fear that she finds our presence an irksome restraint at times/ ' And for yourself/ he said, * would it not be a relief if she were gone V i I must not think of myself/ answered Eose quietly ; 6 my father wishes to have her at home, so it must be right, and in the meantime I do the best I can/ 1 Always brave, 'determined, and, for- getful of self/ said Leonard, smiling ; ' you are unchanged, Eose. I wish I could do more to help you ; your lot is certainly a hard one/ * It might be a great deal harder than it is/ said Eose, a bright colour coming Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 17 into her cheeks and making her look for the moment almost beautiful. 6 Will you help my father out of his chair ? He fancies no one lifts him as well as yourself.' An hour later, as the little party sat at the luncheon table, Leonard said : « There is an arrival in the neighbour- hood which will perhaps interest you. Can you guess who it is V 1 No one who will come and call here, I hope/ said General Fortescue, who, like most invalids, had a horror of visitors, and had for the last two years steadily refused to receive any guest, save Leonard. 1 Some one who is certain to call,' replied the young man ; * you have not forgotten the little vixen who spoilt your doll, Kose.' ' My cousin, Edith Harrington ?' said Eose ; ' is she really staying near here ?' 6 She arrived yesterday at Farnborough Hall/ replied Leonard ; ' she is staying with her friend, Lady Foster. I hardly 2 Digitized by 18 Rose Fortescue. knew if you would be glad to see her or not.' 6 Oh, I have quite forgiven our childish quarrels/ said Rose, laughing ; ' but it is strange how unhappy she used to render me; she seemed to take a pleasure in trying to make me behave badly ; but no doubt she is very much altered since then/ 1 1 have heard that she is very beauti- ful/ rejoined Leonard, 6 and has broken ever so many hearts already/ « I am sure we do not want her to come here and break any of ours/ said the General, a cloud passing over his face. ' Farnborough is an hour off by train, so she will not come over often, I dare say/ said Rose. ' Is it not a wonder, Leonard, that Edith and I, being first cousins, have never met since that summer when she came to stay here, twelve years ago ? I long to see her; she was pretty and fascinating at six years old — what must she be now, at eighteen ¥ 1 She is not a Catholic, I think/ said Leonard. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 19 'No,' said General Fortescue; 'my sister would marry a Protestant, and the consequence is, her child is one also. I always told her that the marriage was a fearful mistake ; she sees it now, when it is too late. I did the best I could to prevent it, but I might have spared my- self the trouble. The difference of religion always made me afraid of letting the two children be much together, so there has been no intercourse between them for many years. I think,' he added, i I will have my usual sleep now, Rose, and you can go and arrange the flowers in the chapel with Leonard.' The young girl placed a cushion behind her father's head, put a footstool at his feet, partly lowered the blind, and after drawing a screen between him and the draught from the door, quietly left the room, followed by Leonard. 2—2 Digitized by 20 Eose Fortescue. CHAPTEE III. Eose was the only child of General and Mrs. Fortescue. The General belonged to an ancient family well known in the county of H ; he had passed a great part of his life in the Indian Army, and on his return to England, about twenty years previous to the present time, had married an amiable and accomplished woman. He began his home-life with every prospect of happiness ; but, alas for human foresight ! a year after his marriage little Eose was born, and after her birth the mother fell ill, and con- tinued in a precarious state of health for about a year, when she entirely lost her reason, and had for many years to be confined in a private asylum. Eose became, in consequence, the object of her father's dislike ; he looked on her as the innocent cause of her mother's insanity, and for several years he scarcely took any notice of her ; weeks, nay, even months would fly by, Digitized by Rose Fortescne. 21 and he never saw or spoke to the poor child, who was left entirely to the tender mercies of the servants. Deprived of a mother's love, an object of dislike to her father, her life would have been sad indeed, but for a happy dispensation of Providence, which provided her with a friend and companion. When Kose was about three years old, her father's great friend, Sir Eichard Vernon, died, leaving him guardian of his only son. Leonard was only eight years old, and far too delicate at the time to be sent to school ; General Fortescue received the boy at once into his house, and gave him a father's love and care, bestowing on him the affection which he felt unable to give to his own child. Leonard became at once the friend and playfellow of the desolate child ; he called her his little sister, and with a quickness far in advance of his age, perceiving the sad position she was in, he made it the object of his life to make her happy. They played and walked hand-in-hand together over the wild moors and shady Digitized by 22 Rose Fortescue. lanes in summer; he would read for hours aloud to her in the long winter evenings, or tell her weird stories of ghosts and hobgoblins. General Fortescue himself undertook his education, and the boy made rapid progress under his kind teacher ; when Kose grew older, Leonard persuaded his guardian to allow the little girl to join his studies, so the two children were educated together, and Eose learnt Latin and mathematics, as well as French and German, side by 'side with her brother, as she called him, till Leonard was . )urteen, when he was sent to college. This was a sad trial to Eose, who was now placed under a French governess, but she was soon cheered by the constant letters of Leonard, who wrote every other day, and she set to work to study hard, so that he might not be ashamed of her on his return. The summer holidays soon came round, and the two children resumed their happy intimacy. Leonard had made his first Communion, and he began with the zeal of an apostle to prepUre Eose for hers. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 23 The old priest at Northcliffe, three miles off, was very hard worked and already infirm, and General Fortescue was a very negligent Catholic, so, but for the energetic efforts of the youthful baronet, the little girl's first Communion might very likely have been forgotten. He it was who helped her to examine her innocent conscience for her general confession, and walked with her to North- cliffe, in order that she might make it. He it was who drove her over in the pony-carriage the next morning to receive her first Communion. It was the third Sunday in September when Kose first received her Lord ; and there was some- thing peculiarly appropriate in this, as she had been born on the Friday in Passion week, the day on which the Church commemorates the grief of that desolate Mother of an Incarnate God, and ever since babyhood she had manifested an extraordinary devotion to Our Lady of Sorrows. Every day she recited the Kosary of the Seven Dolours, as taught by those true servants of Mary, the Digitized by 24 Bose Fortescue. Servite Fathers in Italy ; and each night she fell asleep with it wound about her arm. At the end of the holidays, Leonard returned to college, and Kose resumed her studies under her French instructress. Years passed on, till Leonard was eighteen ; he then settled down at Fern- - leigh Manor till he came of age, when he took possession of NorthclifFe Park and his father's estates. But the pleasant fraternal intercourse enjoyed by Eose during the four last years was scarcely broken, when he took up his abode at the Park; he drove, walked, or rode over every day, and if he occasionally went abroad for a short time, or paid visits to his relations, he wrote, as before at school, every other day either to Eose or her father. It would be hard to describe the feel- ings with which Eose at nineteen regarded her former playfellow ; he was her friend, brother, counsellor, and guide. She was in a painful and trying position for so young a girl ; three years before Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 25 the scene described in the last chapter, General Fortescue insisted on having his poor insane wife back again ; three or four rooms were entirely set apart for her and the two experienced attendants who had charge of her, and Kose, at her father's desire, spent some time every day trying to amuse her mother by singing and reading aloud. A little later, General Fortescue had a paralytic seizure, which deprived him of the use of his left arm and leg, and rendered all exertion difficult. Eose became his devoted nurse, antici- pating his wishes in every possible way, and striving to make his life as pleasant as could be, under the circumstances. Happily for his daughter, General Fortescue's dislike had gradually melted away before the constant filial love of his only child. She was now the mistress of the house, and had the supervision of a large number of servants, both Catholic and Protestant. Added to her other trials, she had the very distressing cross of being, to a great extent, misunder- stood by her confessor. Digitized by 26 Rose Fortescue. The Fortescues had the privilege of a private chapel, with the right of reserving the Blessed Sacrament, expressly granted to them by the Bishop before Kose's birth, and this privilege had never been withdrawn. On Sunday mornings, the second priest from NorthclifFe came over to say Mass at nine, giving half an hour previously for confessions. He was a zealous man, but so over-worked from morning to night (as the senior priest, being old and infirm, could do little), that he could give but a short time for the direction of souls ; moreover, he neither sympathized with, nor understood, the young girl's sensitive conscience, delicate almost to scrupulosity. It was to Leonard that Kose turned in all her diffi- culties; to him she made known her perplexities, her scruples, and her fears. Into his willing ears she poured the oft- repeated tale of the distressing scenes with her mother, her great anxiety about her father's spiritual state, her trials with the servants, and a thousand minor woes. Digitized by Bose Fortescue. 27 Leonard always listened patiently, sympathized most warmly, and gave real, solid advice in return. It was Leonard that taught her how to make meditation, and insisted on her going through that exercise for half an hour every day. It was Leonard who persuaded her to go to Confession and Communion once a fortnight. It was Leonard who made her promise to make a daily visit to the Blessed Sacrament. Leonard, in fact, was her spiritual guide. The young man felt for her the kind affection of a brother ; he looked on her simply as a younger sister in a very difficult position, and he considered it at once a duty and a pleasure to make her hard life less melancholy and dull. But with Bose, the sisterly affec- tion with which she had at first regarded him had long since, unknown to herself, ripened into a much warmer feeling, and it was his sympathy and kindness alone that made her present life at all bearable. Bright and innocent visions were enter- tained by her of a possible happiness, not far distant, and in those day-dreams Digitized by 28 Rose Fortescue. it was always Leonard that played the foremost part. It never entered her head to think that anything could separate them save death, ' And that/ thought Kose, i must be a long way off, for we are both 50 young/ Such was the state of things when Leonard returned from a short trip to Italy, and the young girl imagined that all would go on as before; but this is a world of change, poor little Kose, and soon, too soon, alas! the friendship on which you are leaning will suddenly cease, never to be resumed on earth. A dark cloud is gathering on the horizon of your life, a trial of which you dream not is close at hand. How will you meet it? How will you bear it? Oh ! Mother of Sorrows, in that hour of tribulation, comfort and strengthen your child. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 29 CHAPTER IV. A week had elapsed since Leonard's visit, and Rose was sitting in the draw- ing-room one afternoon; she was re- clining in a low easy-chair, apparently in a pleasant day-dream, when the servant opened the door and announced : ' Miss Harrington.' Rose sprang up at once, and greeted the young girl who entered with a friendly embrace and kind words. Edith Harrington returned her cousin's cordial welcome with seeming warmth, and the two young people sat down on the sofa together, and were soon deep in a plea- sant conversation, recalling and laughing over many reminiscences of their child- hood. Edith Harrington had certainly great claims to be considered handsome ; some indeed went so far as to call her lovely. Her features were almost faultless, her complexion perfect, her figure graceful, and yet there was a something wanting Digitized by 30 Rose Fortescue. which could scarcely be defined. Her large blue eyes, shaded with long dark eyelashes, had a strange cold glitter in them, that reminded one of the look of those dangerous serpents in distant lands : they fascinated, but repelled at the same time. 'Oh, Edith, how lovely you have grown/ said Eose innocently, as a pause in the conversation enabled her to take a calmer survey of her cousin. * You look as if you had suddenly stepped out of some old picture, into this common everyday world of ours.' Edith drew up her swan-like neck, and cast a sidelong glance of gratified vanity at her own beautiful face, reflected in the mirror close at hand. ' I am glad you approve of my looks, Hose/ she said ; 4 but I am so used to admiration, that it is a wonder my head hks not been turned long ago. I came out last season, and I assure you I made quite a gensation. Mamma was delighted ; but, after all, it is only what she an- ticipated for me ; she wants me to make Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 31 a good marriage soon, but I had rather have my liberty for a few years longer. A husband to obey and submit to all one's life would be very irksome, I think.' ' Most certainly it would be/ replied Kose, 1 unless you married one whom you could really respect and love.' 1 I never could respect anyone/ re- joined Edith carelessly. ' I suppose you will never marry, Kose ; you look cut out for a single life.' Her cousin coloured slightly as she answered : ' My duties lie here for the present. I have to look after my father, and amuse my poor mother. You would find it very dull, Edith/ 6 1 should not stand it for one hour, if I were you/ said Edith ; 6 you are wast- ing your time, caged up in this stupid country place, without society of any kind worth having.' ' Except Leonard/ interrupted Rose ; ' he comes here every day/ A peculiar and rather unpleasant ex- pression passed over Edith's face. Digitized by 32 Rose Fortescue. ' So you see a great deal of Sir Leonard Vernon/ she said ; ' he has been over to Farnborough Hall twice since I arrived ; he is very rich, is he not r 6 1 really do not know/ replied Kose ; ' it has never entered my head to think whether he is rich or poor.' 'He is very pleasing/ said Edith, fixing her cold blue eyes on her cousin's face ; « but he has one great fault — he is over-religious/ 1 Over-religious !' echoed Eose. ' Oh, Edith ! can one ever be too religious ?' ' I do not admire it in young men/ said Edith shortly ; ' let them leave it for monks and nuns. If ever I have much to do with Leonard Vernon, trust me, I shall change all that/ ' Then I hope you will never have anything to do with him/ said Kose in- dignantly. i I should consider it the greatest of misfortunes if Leonard were to lose one iota of his religious fervour ; but he never will, I know him too well.' 'You distrust my power/ replied Digitized by Eose Fortescue. 33 Edith; 'wait and see, my dear cousin. All I want is to see Leonard more like an ordinary Christian, and not the devout saint he is at present. But patience, patience ; time may work wonders.' ' Nothing will change him,' said Eose quickly. ' Edith, you must not talk in that way; it makes me feel as if some fiend had taken the form of my cousin, in order to torment and irritate me. Let us speak of something else, or rather, let me show you the house and our little chapel ; you have not been over the place for twelve years.' That night, long after the other in- mates of the Manor had retired to rest, Eose paced up and down her room re- citing the Eosary of the Seven Dolours. It was her favourite devotion ; she had already repeated it once that day, but she felt strongly impelled to say it once more before she fell asleep. Leonard seemed to be in danger ; Edith appeared to have formed some design on his re- ligious faith and practices ; what better plan could she devise for frustrating so 3 Digitized by 34 Hose Fortescue* odious a scheme than to have recourse to her, who, in the beautiful words of the sainted Pius the Seventh, is 6 the Anchor of confidence, the Shield of the oppressed, and the Terror of the treacher- ous.' Happy indeed are they who, in all their troubles and afflictions, invoke the Mother of God, and appeal to her with the trustful love of a little child, for their appeal will not be made in vain. Thrice happy they who invoke her under the sweet title of Mother of Sorrows, for then indeed her Maternal Heart will re- fuse them nothing — nothing they ask for this life, or the next. Nevertheless, the Virgin most prudent sometimes fore- sees that the gift they crave may be in- jurious to their salvation ; then she obtains for them some greater grace, which, blinded mortals as they are, they per- ceived not they stood in need of — a grace which will increase their merits in this life, and add fresh jewels to the bright crowns they are destined to wear for all eternity. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 35 CHAPTEK V. February with its frost and snow fled away, and March, with its blustering winds and gales was far advanced, when there came a succession of fine, bright spring days, genial and mild, such as we do occasionally enjoy even in the change- able climate of our sea-girt island home. The woods around were full of primroses and white and blue violets ; all nature seemed gay, as if to herald the approach of the glorious Easter Festival. It was the eve of the Friday on which the Church recalls the Dolours of the Mother of God, and Eose had been busy all the afternoon gathering flowers, and adorning the little chapel in honour of the feast day so dear to her warm Catholic heart. She was expecting Leonard to ride over, to arrange for her going to Northcliffe to hear Mass and receive Communion the next day; for General Fortescue had forbidden her walking over the fields alone, and every year it was Leonard who had escorted 3—2 Digitized by 36 Rose Fortescue. her, so that she might not be deprived of the happiness of Communion on such a day. Evening came — no Leonard ; night came — he did not appear; Eose grew a little anxious. At last, about half-past ten, the hall-door-bell rang, but it was not her adopted brother, but his servant with a note. She tore it open — it was written from Farnborough Hall, and was as follows : ' Dear Eose, — i I am very sorry that important business keeps me from riding over to- night, in order to make arrangements about your hearing Mass at Northcliffe. I have ordered a carriage to be at the Manor by 7.30, and I shall meet you at the church, and we will go to Com- munion together as usual. I shall return and spend the day with you and your father afterwards. I have an interesting piece of news to tell you, which will, I am sure, make you happy, but I reserve it for to-morrow. * Your affectionate brother, 'Leonard Vernon.' Digitized by Eose Fortescne. 37 Rose was rather disappointed, but quickly recovered her spirits, thinking of her Communion on the following morn- ing; she wondered also what the news could be that was to make her so happy. Bright anticipations of the joys, both spiritual and temporal, which awaited her on the morrow, kept her awake the first part of the night, but soon her weary eyelids closed, and she lost con- sciousness in sleep. She was ready dressed when the carriage came the next day, and during the drive she recited her old favourite, the Rosary of the Dolours. Leonard met her at the door of the church. ' I have arranged for your confession/ he whispered ; f be as quick as you can/ Five minutes sufficed for the innocent confession of the young girl; Mass began, and when the bell for the 1 Domine non sum dignus ' sounded, Rose walked up to receive the Bread of Angels with the modesty and devotion of a religious, uniting her imperfect preparation and dispositions with those of the Blessed Digitized by 38 Rose Fortescue. Virgin in grief at the foot of the Cross. The half hour after her Communion had long past, and Leonard waited in vain — she moved not; at last he touched her hand. She started as if from a dream, saying : ' Is it you, Leonard ? I thought I was already in heaven. Oh, how sorry I am to come back to earth !' ' 1, too, am very sorry to disturb you/ he said, ' but General Fortescue will be vexed if we are late.' 1 Oh yes/ she said, springing up ; ( let us go back at once.' The drive was soon over, and the three sat down happily to breakfast. General Fortescue, feeling rather better, was in high spirits, Leonard was par- ticularly cheerful, and as to Kose, the mere presence of her brother was suffi- cient to fill the cup of joy to the brim. The day. passed on, and no allusion was made to the news mentioned in the letter received on the previous night. At last, quite late in the afternoon, Leonard an- nounced rather suddenly that he had to Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 89 catch the six o'clock train to Farn- borough ; he was invited to the Hall for three days, he said. * Will you walk down with me as far as the gate, Eose ?' he added ; ' 1 shall go across the fields to the station.' She readily complied with his request, and they walked down the drive. ' 1 have something to tell you, little sister/ he said; then came a pause. Kose's heart beat fast ; she felt frightened, though she scarcely knew why. ' I am engaged to be married,' he said ; ' it was settled last night.' Hose became pale as death; her heart seemed to turn to stone within her breast, as she said faintly : ' To whom ?' 'Your cousin, Edith Harrington,' he answered ; ' are you not glad, little sister ?' i A Protestant,' she said, trying to speak more steadily. * Yes, a Protestant,' he answered ; ' but one I shall hope, with the blessing of God, to convert very soon ; I shall look Digitized by 40 Eose Fortescue. to you for help in this matter. But why do you look so strange, Eose ? Are you not glad? Do you not congratulate me T She tried to say she congratulated him, but could not ; she managed to say at last : ' I wish you every happiness, may God bless you both then she added, ' You will miss your train, Leonard ; you must go.' ' Any message to Edith V he said, as he closed the gate. She shook her head. ' I will write to her to-morrow/ she answered. In another moment he was gone, and Eose was alone. For a long time she stood there in the gathering twilight, almost stunned by the shock she had received. Leonard married! and to Edith, to Edith, who had said, in speaking of his religious fervour, that she should change all that ! The thought was almost more than she could bear. It was long before Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 41 she could bring herself to accept as inevitable the terrible blow, which would change the whole current of her life; then, when at last the full force of the truth stood out in all its stern reality before her eyes, a profound despair over- whelmed her soul, like to the deep shadow of night which was falling on the earth. Mechanically she wended her way back to the house, and once again, as when a child, she turned into the little chapel, and sank down prostrate in an agony of grief before the statue of Our Lady of Dolours. Her sorrow was too deep for tears ; she knelt there in silence, except for a low sobbing moan, like that of some wild animal in pain, which escaped her at intervals. Eose laid her throbbing head against the cold marble pedestal, and tried to frame some words of prayer, but none came from her parched and quivering lips. She tried to say, ' Thy will be done/ but the rebel heart refused to bow to that Divine Will. The vivid imagination of the young girl was already occupied with Digitized by 42 Rose Fortescue. the future ; a long, dreary existence lay before her ; a life of trial and desolation; a life without a friend, without sympathy, without Leonard. Long years to be passed alone, in the society of her poor insane mother and her paralyzed father ; an existence of seclusion and isolation till death. Kose trembled and shrank back with horror from the gloomy fate that appeared to be her future lot, and lifting her sad eyes to that desolate Mother, transfixed with the sword of grief, she cried aloud, in her anguish and despair : * Mother of Sorrows, save me from such a life as this, or, at least, send me some friend, some comforter, to whom I may have recourse in this my hour of need.' Evening gave place to night, and night to morning, ere the young girl moved from the position she had taken up before the statue of the Blessed Virgin. Tired and worn out, with heavy eyes and aching head, she at last became aware of the long hours she had passed Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 43 in the little chapel ; rising, she pressed her lips to that sweet Mother's feet, and with a heart still full of suffering, she left the sacred spot, to throw herself, dressed, upon her couch, not to sleep — that was impossible — but to rest, for a few hours, her stiff and weary limbs. CHAPTER VI. The marriage of Leonard Vernon and Edith Harrington was to take place early in June, and at the wish of his betrothed, the young baronet consented that it should be celebrated in London. On learning this, General Fortescue made up his mind to pay a visit of some months to the metropolis, partly to be on the spot when the wedding took place, and partly on account of his own health, as he wished to consult some of the best physicians in town. Rose quietly entered into his plans; Fernleigh Manor was now an object of Digitized by 44 Rose Fortescue. indifference — the very country about pre- sented another aspect : for her it had lost all its charms ; she was thankful to have, even for a time, a change of scene. Accordingly, by the first of May the entire household was transferred to No. 3, Eedcliffe Gardens. Kose, when consulted, had been perfectly careless as to the locality : all she stipulated for was to be near a Catholic church; to her great re- lief she found that her new abode was within five minutes' walk of the Servite church. The good Fathers who work the mission are renowned for their devotion to the Dolours of Mary, and Eose soon found her way to the little Oratory, where the Blessed Virgin is represented with seven sharp swords piercing her Maternal and Virginal Heart. The sorrowful girl had not yet learned resignation to the Divine Will, and though she performed all her duties with the same perfection, and showed her parents the same affectionate respect and attention, it was done with a heart Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 45 breaking with anguish, all the harder to bear that she was forced to keep it to herself. She had to listen constantly to her father's remarks on Edith's happy prospects ; she was obliged to endure the society of Edith herself, and to hear frequently the rejoicings of her young cousin's friends with an unmoved counte- nance. Her mother's condition became every day more hopeless, and her father had surrounded himself with a small circle of old friends, most of whom were unhappily professed Atheists. The eve of the wedding arrived, and as Eose looked at her pretty bridesmaid's dress, ready for the morrow, her whole heart revolted at the idea of being present at the ceremony. The prospect of having to hearken to those solemn words which were to bind Leonard and Edith together for life, to see their happi- ness, a happiness purchased at the cost of her own, seemed too cruel a torture to bear, and she felt tempted to write a note and plead some excuse. But before Digitized by 46 Rose Fortescue. she did so, she resolved to take counsel with the Blessed Virgin, and she hurried to the Oratory in the Servite church. There, as she imagined, hidden from human eyes, for the church appeared deserted, she again gave way to an un- controllable burst of grief; sobs shook her delicate frame, and the great tears of agony streamed down her face; It happened that one of the most saintly of the Servite Fathers, unseen by Eose, was pacing up and down the church reciting his Office. He soon perceived the young girl bowed down before the Blessed Virgin's statue, and saw at once that she was in trouble. His Office finished, he came up behind her, and said, in accents of the most winning sympathy : i What is the matter, my poor child ? Follow me into the confessional, and let me hear your tale of woe.' The words, particularly the tone in which they were uttered, went to Bose's heart ; she entered the confessional, and the long pent-up sorrow burst forth at last. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 47 She disclosed the whole story of her life — her position with her parents, her childish trials, and her devotion to Our Lady of Dolours ; her love for Leonard and all he had been to her ; his engage- ment and approaching marriage ; the dreary life that lay before her, her anguish and despair, were all poured into the compassionate ear of this true servant of God. He listened in silence to the long sad history, and when at last she paused for the first time, he said kindly : ' Poor child V Eose then spoke again of the wedding fixed for the next day, and of her repug- nance to attending it, and how she had felt inclined to frame some excuse in order to escape it. Then the priest said gently : 'The chalice which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it ? Child of the Seven Dolours, beloved child of a Mother consumed with grief, will you not drink to the dregs the cup of suffering offered you by a Father's hand? The Digitized by 48 Rose Fortescue. Mother of God stood in her anguish at the foot of the Cross, watching the dread crucifixion of her Divine Son to the very end, and will you shrink back before your sacrifice is consummated ? Favoured client of Mary in sorrow, she has obtained for you the greatest grace. For others, her loving children, she obtains a crown of roses, the emblem of the joys of this life ; for you she reserves the crown of thorns. For many she lightens their burdens and eases the yoke. On your shoulder she places the hard, heavy cross. Some she calls to walk on smooth, soft paths ; you she summons to climb, side by side with her, the steep hill of Calvary, and to stand near her at the foot of the Cross of Jesus Christ. Like your blessed Mother, you are to undergo, not corporal martyrdom, but a spiritual torture far harder to bear. Child of the Seven Dolours, will you refuse to share your Mother's privilege of suffering ? Consider that it will not be for ever; soon, very soon, you will lay down the cross to receive the martyr's palm, you Digitized by Bose Fortescue. 49 will exchange the thorny crown for the bright diadem of glory, and the path of suffering, the road to Calvary, will end in eternal joy. Say, poor little one, will you not resign yourself to this trial cheerfully, lovingly ? Will you not also consecrate this warm and affectionate heart of yours to God, Who alone is worthy of the love of an immortal soul ¥ There was a pause, till the young girl answered quietly and firmly : ' Father, I accept this cross, and I wish to resign myself entirely to the Will of God/ ' Make, then/ said the priest, ' an act of will by which you sacrifice for ever that which has hitherto formed your happiness on earth — your adopted brother and your affection for him — and offer it to the Blessed Virgin for the preservation of his faith and fervour, as well as for the conversion of your cousin Edith/ There was again an interval of silence ; then she said : ' It is done, Father/ c My child,' he rejoined, 'God will 4 Digitized by 50 Rose Fortescue. reward you for your docility. Go to- morrow to this marriage, and endeavour to add to the happiness of the newly wedded couple by the cheerfulness and serenity of your countenance and words. Later on in the week come back to me again. In the name of the Blessed Virgin I take upon myself the care of your soul and its eternal welfare. Go in peace, and may God bless you.' CHAPTER VII. The wedding was over; the breakfast had taken place, and Leonard and his lovely bride, radiant with happiness, had started on a three months' tour through Italy and Switzerland. The guests had dispersed, and the little world at Eedcliffe Gardens settled down again into their" usual ways. As time went on, Rose found that a new life had opened before her. General Fortescue, surrounded by his friends, Digitized by Rose Forlescue. 51 required her less, so that several hours not devoted to her poor mother, were at the young girl's disposal. Under the prudent guidance of her Director, Kose began to visit the distressed poor in the neighbourhood, and she was soon looked upon by her humble friends as a ministering angel. At all hours of the day she might be seen thread- ing her way through the narrow streets and crowded alleys of the district, on some errand of mercy and love. The ready oath, the blasphemous word, was arrested on the lips of the rough men who stood idling about on the approach of the 6 good young lady/ as they called her. The cruel arm of some brutal husband, uplifted to strike his down- trodden wife, fell harmless by his side as Rose drew near, and with a few gentle words of admonition, peace would be established between the angry couple. Fights and quarrels ceased as if by magic wherever Rose passed, and a glimpse of her sweet calm face, as she entered some low court, would often cause a general 4—2 Digitized by 52 Rose Fortescue. exodus from the public-house near at hand. Sunday after Sunday Eose made the round of her district, and persuaded the Catholic men and women to go and hear Mass at the Servite Church. In many cases, when a sick child or a troublesome baby was the excuse with the poor mothers for neglecting ihat sacred obliga- tion, Eose took their place by the bed- side or the cradle whilst they were away. When any of her humble friends were ill, Eose visited them every day, brought them medicine to ease their pain, dressed their sores, bathed their aching heads, soothed them with kind words of sympathy, and fed them with her own hands. She leant tenderly over the pillow of the dying, wiped the death-sweat from their brow, spoke to them of Heaven, and prepared them for receiving the last Sacraments. She collected together the little wild ragged children who played about the streets, and instructed them for their first confession and Com- munion. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 53 It was her delight to visit one or two of the large hospitals in London, to see after the poor Catholic patients, and to bring some good priest to their side to absolve them and prepare them for death. She even obtained leave to go and speak occasionally to the Catholic inmates of the Convict Prison at Fulham, and many owed their conversion to this young inno- cent girl, who, with winning tenderness, urged them to return to God. It was in the sad and sorrowful that Kose felt the deepest interest, and her accents were never so sweet, nor her words so eloquent, as when she sat side by side with some poor wretched creature, brought to the verge of desperation by sin and misery. At least, if she could not comfort she would weep with them, but it was seldom that her words brought no relief. In her own home Eose continued her labour of love with her parents ; she sat by her mother's side hour after hour, devising a thousand ways of amusing the invalid, always cheerful, always affec- tionate, never weary of what would have Digitized by 54 Rose Fortescue. been to so many daughters an irksome duty. ' It is far worse for he*/ Eose used to say, when anyone ventured to pity her lot and to compare her life with those of other girls of the same age. Her charity extended itself to the servants of the house: she watched over them with almost a mother's care, saw that the Catholic ones had time to frequent the Sacraments, and soon, under the gentle sway of their young mistress, the whole tone of the house changed, and the servants became, with a few exceptions, really practical good Christians, obedient and faithful to their employers, and charitable and united amongst them- selves. Eose laboured to bring back her father to the practice of his religious duties, but hitherto all her efforts had been in vain. She succeeded only in persuading him to discourage the visits of several of his most unbelieving friends, and now and then he would receive the Servite Fathers, and listen courteously to their zealous Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 55 admonitions. Further than this he would not go ; so Eose waited and prayed, hoping against hope that all would come right in the end. The young girl grew thin and pale, but she never complained, and there was no one who imagined she could be suffering, except her saintly Director, who alone knew of the struggle going on within her soul, and saw with regret its effect on her health. Since Leonard's marriage, Eose heard occasionally from her brother; at first his letters conveyed the impression that he was in the enjoyment of unmitigated happiness ; he frequently mentioned his wife, and always with much affection. Later on, however, her name occurred less often, and at last he ceased to allude to her altogether, confining himself for the most part to descriptions of the scenery in the different places they passed through. The quick instinct of Eose detected at once the altered tone of his letters ; she saw he was not happy, and the thought of his trouble opened the flood-gates of her own sorrow afresh. Digitized by 56 Eose Fortescue. It was well for her that she did not know all that her brother was suffering, when the veil dropped from his eyes and the real character of Edith was manifested to him at last. Who can paint the anguish of his soul, when he realized the fearful mistake he had made in his marriage, and knew that it was irre- mediable ? He was united to a woman without faith, without truth, without affection — a woman whose only religion was the worship of self — one whom he could not respect, and therefore could not love. Who can describe the still greater bitterness of his heart when he dis- covered the base object she had in view when she accepted his hand ? She had become his wife simply to destroy his faith and virtue ; she was bent on his embracing the false religion to which she herself nominally belonged, and she used every art, and seized hold of every opportunity, to undermine that devotion which had grown up naturally in the pure soul of her Catholic husband. One thing alone could have increased his Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 57 trouble, and that was, if Eose had been the constant witness of his miserable life. He shrunk from the thought of returning to England, and above all to Northcliffe Park; he therefore proposed to Edith to pass the winter at Mentone, and then to revisit Paris, before return- ing to their native land. His wife gladly consented, and Leonard announced in his next letter to General Fortescue his intention of remaining abroad, with- out giving any clue as to the reason of his so doing. CHAPTER VIII. Months passed away, Lent arrived once more, and the beautiful Feast of Our Lady of Dolours came round again ; the anniversary of the day on which Eose had first heard the news of Leonard's engagement. She made a general con- fession early that morning to her good Digitized by 58 Rose Fortescue. Director, and received from his hands the Bread of Angels. Later on in the day he went to call at the house in Kedcliffe Gardens, desiring to wish her a happy feast. He found the servants in great confusion. 4 What has happened V he asked of the butler. ' The General has just received some very sad news, sir ; the young baronet, Sir Leonard Vernon, has been thrown from his horse and killed on the spot.' ' Where ?' said the priest. ' In the Bois de Boulogne, in Paris, sir/ answered the man. ' Here is the telegram/ The Father took the paper and read : From To Lady Vernon. Miss Fortescue. ' Leonard was thrown from his horse this morning whilst riding in the Bois de Boulogne, and was taken up dead. The funeral will take place at North- cliffe.' Digitized by Rose Fortescne. 59 4 Will the General see me ¥ asked the priest. ' 1 am afraid not, sir, but I will in- quire/ The butler, after an absence of two or three minutes, returned, saying : ' ' My master will be glad if you can call again in the afternoon. ' ' I will return most certainly/ said the priest. ' Where is Miss Fortescue ¥ i She is gone to the church, sir, I fancy. She left the house after breaking the news to the General/ The good Father left and went straight to the church ; he knew where he should find her, and his instinct had not deceived him : she was kneeling in the chapel of Our Lady of Dolours. She was on the step of the chapel, leaning her clasped hands on the altar-rail, her head thrown back a little, her eyes fixed on the statue of her Immaculate Mother. She heard not the step of the kind priest, she did not appear to be aware of his presence. The Father bent forward to see her face, but to his astonishment Digitized by Google 60 Rose Fortescue. there was no trace of grief, no mark of tears. Her countenance, though very pale, wore an expression of the most heavenly peace and calm ; a sweet smile seemed to play about her parted lips. She remained motionless and still : she did not even seem to breathe. A sudden idea struck the priest. He went up and spoke to her ; she took no notice. He touched her hand ; it was icy cold. He felt her pulse ; there was none. Rose was dead ; she had quitted earth for heaven; her spiritual martyrdom was over. The thorny crown she had worn so pa- tiently was no longer pressing on her head ; it had been changed for a diadem of glory. She had laid down the cross she had taken up so bravely, and now she bore the martyr's palm. The sharp rugged way of suffering had ended, as the Servite Father had predicted, in eternal joy. The holy priest knelt by her side and recited the ' Magnificat,' in thanks- giving for her innocent and holy life, crowned, as he felt convinced it had been, by the death of the Saints. Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 61 A week later, and Eose was laid in her quiet grave in the little Catholic cemetery at Northcliffe ; two days more saw the family vault of the Vernons opened to receive the body of Leonard, her adopted brother, and many and bitter were the tears shed over both their tombs by the desolate father of the young girl. The good Servite priest, anxious to learn if the generous sacrifice Eose had made of her happiness on earth had been accepted by Almighty God in behalf of her brother and cousin, wrote as soon as he had time to one of the Jesuit Fathers, at the Eue de Sevres, whom he knew to have been Leonard's intimate friend and confessor, to make inquiries about the young man. The Pere B wrote the following answer : 'I can speak only in terms of the highest praise of Leonard Vernon. With- out any exaggeration on my part, his was the most innocent soul I ever came across since I became a priest. I doubt very much if he ever lost the grace of Digitized by 62 Rose Fortescue. his baptism. His young wife, and the circle of friends with whom she sur- rounded herself, both here and at Men- tone, endeavoured in every possible way to make shipwreck of his faith ; but he passed unscathed through the fiery ordeal. Never for one day did he give up any religious practice ; never did he lose one iota of his extraordinary fervour and devotion. The morning of his death I heard his confession, and he received Communion in the chapel of the Martyrs of the Commune. Three hours later he was carried home dead to his hotel. When I consider what his life was, I feel more inclined to recite the " Te Deum " than the ' De Profundis." You will be glad to hear that Lady Vernon, having given up the idea of returning to England for the present, has placed her- self under instruction, and will, I hope, before long be received into the Church. Her husband's death has made a deep impression on her mind, and has induced her to think more seriously about her soul than she has ever done before/ Digitized by Rose Fortescue. 63 The wishes of the Pere B were speedily realized, for three months later Edith Vernon received conditional bap- tism, and began a life of sincere and edifying piety. Her example was quickly followed by the conversion of General Fortescue, who returned to the practice of those religious duties he had for so many years neglected. At the earnest request of Lady Vernon, on her return to Northcliffe Park, her uncle and aunt came to live with her, and by her loving care and affection she endeavoured to become all that Kose had once been to her father and mother. Thus the sacrifice made by the young girl had not been made in vain ; it had obtained the eternal salvation of Leonard, and not only the conversion of Edith, but that of her own father. Of Leonard and Kose it might be said that their bright examples and holy and edifying lives and deaths had not been thrown away. Both had in their different spheres re- sponded to the high graces accorded to them, and fulfilled the designs of their Digitized by 64 Rose Fortescue. Creator in their regard. Both had died the death of the just. Now they stand in the eternal sunlight of God's presence, in that paradise of heavenly delights which shall never have an end. Both had been faithful unto death, and both had now received the crown of life. THE END. S. Waahbourne, Printer, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google " A glance at Mr. Washbourne's lists will ] acquaint us where we may find light, diverting Catholic literature."— Catholic Book News, Jan., 1881. Washbourne's jT Catalogue OF LIBRARY AND ^Hps^ PRIZE BOOKS, With Numerous j CJ-L j Critical Notices, AND LIST OF fMftl WORKS IMPORTED FROM AMERICA. ^VuSlw See pag " e 20 ' Complete Catalogue Sent Post Free. 18 Paternoster Nor Row> London. Post Office Orders to be || made payable to Robert Washbourne, at H the General Post Office. 384 The Most Beautiful among the Children of Men — Meditations upon the Life of Our Lord. By Mrs. Abel Ram. With a Preface by the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster. 3s. ; full gilt, 4s. Ethelreda. A True Story for the Young. By Betty. 6d. For Better, not For Worse. A Tale of our own Times. By Rev. Langton George Vere. 3s. Spirit of St. John the Baptist, is. A Friendly Voice; or, the Daily Monitor. By the author of " Golden Sands." 6d. Ora pro Nobis; or, Tristram's Friends. By Rev. F. Drew, is. Lives of the Saints, from Alban Butler. Selected and edited by Right Rev. Mgr. Goddard. 5 s. Life of St. Mildred, Abbess of Minster in Thanet. By a Lay-Tertiary of St. Francis. 2 s. Second Series of True Wayside Tales. By Lady Herbert. 3s., or separately : — Moothoosawmy, or Natural Uprightness Supernatu- rally Rewarded ; Saveriammal, or the Story of a Snake-bite and its Cure; Father Koblyowicz, or the Martyr to Sacramental Silence, is. Emily; Nancy; the Efficacy of Prayer; and the White Necktie, a Story of First Communion, is. The Two Cousins; The Result of a Mother's Prayers; and The Two School-boys. is. OurEsther. By M.F.S., author of "Jack's Boy." 2s.6d. The Gamekeeper's Little Son, and other Tales. By the author of " Bobbie and Birdie." 2s. 6d. Annals of the Holy Childhood. 3d. A List of DRAMAS will be found on pages 19 and 26- 2 A Waskbournis Catalogue. True Wayside Tales. By Lady Herbert. 3s.; or may be had separately, in 5 volumes, cheap edition, in pretty binding, price 6d. each volume. I. The Brigand Chief, and other Tales. 2. Now. is the Ac- cepted Time, and other Tales. 3. What a Child can do, and other Tales. 4. Sowing Wild Oats, and other Tales. 5. The Two Hosts, and other Tales. " These tales are short, in good legible type, and evidently true." — Tablet. Chats about the Commandments. By M. F. Plues, author of " Chats about the Rosary." 3s. "This book is written in a manner that would attract children, and we should think that it will be found a help by parents and teachers.. . . What you have written is very practical and true." — Cardinal Manning. < ; Jack's Boy. By M. F. S., author of " Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales," " Fluffy," etc. 3s. 6d. "The author of 'Tom's Crucifix' is a favourite with many readers, old and young. There is a tender depth of feeling which runs through every page, and a simple earnestness and manifest truthfulness in the manner and style of the narration which renders her stories peculiarly attractive." — Weekly Register. "The more we have of such tales to move kind hearts, the better will it be for the children of the poor in our overgrown towns." — The Month. Bertram Eldon and how he found a home. By M. A. Pennell, author of ? Nellie Gordon." Cloth, is. "Authors who will and can write little books like 'Bertram Eldon,' may hope to do much good thereby, for they are directly helping to inspire children with a love of the neglected poor, which will through after-life bear fruit in works of mercy." — The Month. " We can all learn a lesson from such a career as ■ Bertie Eldon's.' " --Catholic Times. Walter Ferrers' School Days; or, Bellevue and its Owners. By C. Pilley. 2s. Cheap edition, is. "A family suffers a sudden reverse of fortune by the death of the father and the dishonesty of his agent. The Christian matron shows herself equal to the occasion, and her children find strength in her example, derive benefit from adversity, and struggle forward into happier times." — The Month. "A tale for the young. Its inci- dents are so arranged as to inculcate the practice of honesty and virtue, and a trust in the goodness of Providence. The juvenile mind will delight in it." — Catholic Times. The Golden Thought of Queen Beryl, and other Stories. By Marie Cameron, is. 6d. ; gilt edges, 2s., or may be had separately, cheap edition, in pretty binding, price 6d. each volume. 1. The Golden Thought, and The Brother's Grave. 2. The Rod that Bore Blossoms, and Patience and Impatience. " Pleasantly written tales."— Court Circular. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London* R. Washbournis Catalogue. 3 Bobbie and Birdie; or, Our Lady's Picture. By Frances I. M. Kershaw. Fcap. 8vo., 2s. 6d. Out in the Cold World. By M. F. S. (Mrs. Seamer), author of " Tom's Crucifix. " 3s. 6d. Story of a Paper Knife. By Henrica Frederic is. The Siege and Conquest of Granada. Allah Akbar — God is Great. From the Spanish. By Mariana Monteiro. Cloth Arabesque, 3s. 6d. •* A highly interesting story. The book is handsomely got up, and the illustrations, which are from the pencil of a sister of Miss Mon- teiro, add much to the beauty of the volume.*' — Public Opinion. Gathered Gems from Spanish Authors. By Mariana Monteiro. 3s. Contents :— The Rosary Bell— The Blind Organist of Seville— The Last Baron of Fortcastells — The Miserere of the Mountains — Three Reminiscences — A Legend of Italy— The Gnomes of Monccay —The Passion Flower— Recollections of an Artistic Excursion — The Laurel Wreath — The Witches of Trasmoz. "Genuine treasures of romance." — Weekly Register. "Particu- larly rich in pleasant stories of the purest morality. — Irish Monthly. * * Of considerable beauty. . . . The high moral tone of it renders it far in advance of the majority of tales at the present day." — Public Opinion. " Much grace and freshness." — University Magazine. The Last Days of the Emperor Charles V., the Monk of the Monastery of Yuste. An Historical Legend of the 16th century. From the Spanish, by Mariana Monteiro. 2s. 6d. "An exceedingly interesting historical legend. It will amply repay perusal." — Court Circular. "A peculiar interest attaches to the tale." — Weekly Register. "It is well calculated to instruct and entertain the minds of young persons, since it is a tale of piety and also historical." — Tablet. "A very realistic picture of the character of Charles in monastic repose. We have read every page of the volume with much pleasure." — Catholic Times. "The whole narrative just the sort that might be put in the hands of a boy or girl under sixteen with advantage. " — Public Opinion. 1 ' Well worthy of notice." — The Month. The Battle of Connemara. By Kathleen O'Meara, author of "A Daughter of St. Dominick." 3s. " Everything else is but a sketch, compared with the Irish scenes, which are written con amore, and though not very highly coloured, are faithful to life." — Dublin Review. m A charming story, charmingly told." — Irish Monthly. "A book which has interested us; in which others, we doubt not, will take much interest. " — Tablet. "The sketch of the Holy Mass in the miserable thatched building is one of the most effective bits of description we have seen ; and this portrayal of peasant life, privation, and faith is too accurate to be questioned. ' '—Catholic Times. * • This interesting tale. " — The Month, It. Washdourne, 18 Paternoster J?o?v, London* 4 R. Washbournis Catalogue. The Dark Shadow. A Tale. 3s. Industry and Laziness. By Franz Hoffman. From the German, by James King, nmo., 3s. "This is a capital story for boys. We can assure youthful readers that they will find much to attract them in this adventurous story."— Weekly Register. " The moral is excellent, the interest of the story well sustained."— Tablet. "A good, moral story."— Court Circular. ' ' Any book that tries to save boys and young men from copying the example of John Collins deserves to be encouraged, especially when it is so very readably written and printed as the present tale." — Irish Monthly. The Fairy Ching; or the Chinese Fairies' Visit to England. By Henrica Frederic. Handsomely bound in cloth extra, is., gilt edges is. 6d. My Golden Days. By M. F. S. i2mo., 2s. 6d., or in 3 vols., is. each ; gilt, is. 6d. The One Ghost of my Life, Willie's Escape, &c. The Captain's Monkey, &c. Great Uncle Hugh, Long Dresses, &c. " They are playfully descriptive of the little ways and experience of young people, and are well suited for reading aloud in a family circle of juveniles."— The Month. "A series of short tales for children, by the delightful author of ' Fluffy ' and a score of other charming books for the young. "— Weekly Register. ' ' Capital tales for children, nicely told, printed in large type on good paper and neatly bound."— The Bookseller. "Feelings run through them like a stream through flowers, and pretty morals peep out as the reader travels along."— Catholic Times. " This is the latest of the long catalogue of bright and edifying books of short stories for which our young people have to thank M. F. S."— Irish Monthly. The Two Friends; or, Marie's Self-denial. By Madame d' Arras {Me Lechmere). is.; gilt, is.6d. "A little French tale, in the crisis of which the good Empress Eugenie plays a conspicuous part."— Weekly Register. Andersen's Sketches of Life in Iceland. Translated by Myfanwy Fenton. 2s.; cheaper edition, is. 6d. " In the one case they are simply pretty tales ; in the other curious illustrations of the survival to our own time of thought and manners familiar to every reader of the Sagas. ' ' — Graphic. "Ever welcome additions to the literary flora of a primitive and little- known country, such as Iceland must still be deemed. The Princess of Wales has been pleased to accept this unpretentious little story- book, written in the high latitudes where legends flourish abun- dantly."— Public Opinion. "Told with simple eloquence. A happy mean of refreshing simplicity which every reader must enjoy." — Catholic Times. "The style is fresh and simple, and the little volume is altogether very attractive."— Weekly Register. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London* It. Washbourni s Catalogue. 5 Rest, on the Cross. By E. L. Hervey. Author of " The Feasts of Camelot," &c. T2mo., 3s. 6d. " This is a heart-thrilling story of many trials and much anguish endured by the heroine. Rest comes to her, where alone it can come to all. The little tale is powerfully and vividly told." — Weekly Register. "Mrs. Hervey has shown a rare talent in the relation of moral tales calculated to fascinate and impress younger readers." — Somerset County Gazette. "An interesting and well- written religious story for young people." — The Bookseller. "An emotional and gushing little novelette." — Church Times. "It is impossible for us to know how far the events and situations are real, and how far imaginary ; but if real, they are well related, and if imaginary, they are well conceived." — Tablet. "It is written in the gentlest spirit of charity." — Athenceum. From Sunrise to Sunset. A Catholic Tale. 3s. 6d. "A story for young readers, with a distinctly religious tendency, welliwritten and interesting." — The Bookseller. " A pleasing tale, of which some of the incidents take place in the Grisons of Switzer- land. There is a good power of description of scenery, in very clear grammatical language. In fact, the purity of style of L. B. is quite, an example to the average novel writer." — Public Opinion. "A lively, chatty, pleasant little novel, which can do no harm to any one, and may afford amusement to many young persons." — Tablet. The Feasts of Camelot, with the Tales that were told there. By Eleanora Louisa Hervey. 3s. 6d. ; or separately, Christmas, is.6d.j Whitsuntide, is.6d. 11 This is really a very charming collection of tales, told as is evi- dent from the title, by the Knights of the Round Table, at the^Court of King Arthur. It is good for children and for grown up people too, to read these stories of knightly courtesy and adventure and of pure and healthy romance, and they have never Deen written in a more attractive style than by Mrs. Hervey in this little volume." — Tablet. " This is a very charming story book." — Weekly Register. " Mrs. Hervey brings the great legendary hero within the, reach of children, but the stories are quite sufficiently well told to deserve the perusal of more critical readers." — The Month. "These tales are well constructed, and not one of them is destitute of interest." — Catholic Times. Full of chivalry and knightly deeds, not unmixed with touches of quaint humour. " — Court Journal. ' ' A graceful and pleasing collection of stories. "—Daily News. "There is a high purpose in this charming book, one which is steadily pursued — it is the setting forth of the true meaning of chivalry." — Morning Post, A Daughter of St. Dominic. By Grace Ramsay (Kathleea O'Meara). is. ; stronger bound, is. 6d.; cloth extra, 2s. "A beautiful little work. The narrative is highly interesting." — Dublin Review. "It is full of courage and faith and Catholic heroism." — Universe. " A beautiful picture of the wonders effected by ubiquitous charity, and still more by fervent prayer." — Tablet. The Angels and the Sacraments, — Stories for my Children, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. 6 R. Washbournis Catalogue, Stories from many Lands. By E. L. Hervey. 3s. 6d. "Very well and, above all, very briefly told. The stories are short and varied. The Godmother's Anecdotes are very good stories."— Saturday Review. "A great number of short Stories and Anecdotes of a. good moral tone." — Tablet. "A delightful fairy Godmother is this, who promises to rival the famous Princess Scheherezade as a story-teller. "— Weekly Register. "Suitable for boys and girls of ten or twelve years, and is capable of teaching them not a few wholesome truths in an agreeable but really im- pressive manner."— Illustrated London News. "A charming col- lection of tales, illustrating some great truths." — Church Times. ' 1 With a few exceptions each story has 1 some heart of meaning in it,' and tends to kindle in the mind all that is good and noble." — Windsor Gazette. " A collection of short stories, anecdotes, and apologues on various topics, delightfully told."— Athenaum. Bessy; or the Fatal Consequence of Telling Lies, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. 1 1 This is a very good tale to put into the hands of young servants. " — Tablet. " The moral teaching is of course thoroughly Catholic, and conveyed in a form extremely interesting." — Weekly Register. Kainer ; or, the Usurer's Doom. By the Author of "Industry and Laziness." is., gilt edges, is. 6d. " A very tastefully printed book, and the translation is clear and tasteful— well done, in fact."— Irish Monthly. Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales. By M. F. S. 3S.6d. ; or separately, is. each, or is. 6d. gilt. Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary. Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance. The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal. Catherine's Promise, and Norah's Temptation. Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Picture. "Simple stories for the use of teachers of Christian doctrine." — Universe. "This is a volume of short, plain, and simple stories, written with the view of illustrating the Catholic religion practically by putting Catholic practices in an interesting light before the mental eyes of children. The whole of the tales in the volume before us are exceedingly well written." — Weekly Register. Fluffy. A Tale for Boys. By M. F. S., author ot " Tom's Crucifix and other Tales." 3s. 6d. " A charming little story. The narrative is as wholesome through out as a breath of fresh air, and as beautiful in the spirit of it as a beam of moonlight."— Weekly Register. "The tale is well told, We cannot help feeling an interest in the fortunes of Fluffy. "— Tablet. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row \ London. R. Washbournfs Catalogue. 7 The Three Wishes. A Tale. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. Cheaper edition, is. 6d. " A pretty neatly told story for girls. There is much quiet pathos in it and a warm Catholic spirit." — The Month. " We are glad to welcome this addition to the story-books for which , the author is already favourably known." — United Irishman. "The tale is singularly interesting. The story of Gertrude with her gratified wish has about it all the interest of a romance, and will, no doubt, find especial favour." — Weekly Register. " Like everything which M. F. S. writes, the book is full of interest." — Tablet. The chief neroine is a striking model of what a young woman 'ought to be, and may become, if animated by sincere desire." — Catholic Times. Catherine Hamilton. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. ; gilt, 3s. " We have no doubt this will prove a very attractive book to the little folks, and would be glad to see it widely circulated." — Catholic World. "A short, simple, and well-told story, illustrative of the power of grace to correct bad temper in a wayward girl" — Weekly Register. * * We are very much pleased with this little book. " — Tablet. Catherine grown Older. By M. F. S. 2s. 6d. ; gilt 3s. "Those who are familiar with the history of Catherine in her wayward childhood will welcome with no little satisfaction this sequel to her story from the hand of the same charming writer. There is a simplicity about the style and an earnest tenderness in the manner of the narrative which renders it singularly impressive." — Weekly Register. "Catherine's character will delight English children. * Tablet. Simple Tales. Square i6mo., cloth antique, 2s. 6d. " Contains five pretty stories of a true Catholic tone, interspersed with some short pieces of poetry. . . Are very affecting, and told in such a way as to engage the attention of any child." — Register. " This is a little book which we can recommend with great confi- dence. The tales are simple, beautiful, and pathetic." — Catholic Opinion. " It belongs to a class of books of which the want is generally much felt by Catholic parents." — Dublin Review. "Beau- tifully written. * Little Terence * is a gem of a Tale"— Tablet. Terry O'Flinn. By the Very Rev. Dr. Tandy. Fcap. 8vo. is. j stronger bound, is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. "The writer possesses considerable literary power." — Register. "A most singular production." — Universe. "An unpretending yet a very touching story." — Waterford News. "Excellent indeed is the idea of embodying into a story the belief that there is ever beside us a guardian angel who reads the thoughts of our hearts and strives to turn us to good." — Catholic World. "The idea is well sustained throughout." — Church Times. Fairy Tales for Little Children. By Madeleine Howley Meehan. 6d.; cloth, is. and is. 6d.; gilt, 2s. " Full of imagination and dreams, and at the same time with ex- cellent point and practical aim, within the reach of the intelligence of infants." — Universe. "Pleasing, simple stories, combining in- struction with amusement." — Register. A pretty little book to give to imaginative young ones." — Tablet. R. Washbourne % 18 Paternoster Row, London. 8 R. Washboumis Catalogue. The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Reli- gion : being the Story of a late Student of Divinity at Bunyan Baptist College ; a Noncon- formist Minister, who seceded to the Catholic Church. By Iota. 3s. 6d. ; cheap edition, 2s. "Will well repay its perusal." — Universe. "This precious vol- ume." — Baptist. "No one will deny ' Iota ' the merit of entire origi- nality." — Civilian. " A valuable addition to every Catholic library.' Tablet. 11 There is much cleverness in it."— Nonconformist, 1 ' Ma- licious and wicked." — English Independent. "An admirable and amusing, yet truthful and genuinely sparkling work. The charac- ters are from life." — Catholic Opinion. The Village Lily. Fcap. 8vo. is.; gilt, is. 6d. " Charming little story." — Weekly Register. Rosalie; or, the Memoirs of a French Child. Written by herself, is. ; stronger bound, is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. "It is prettily told, and in a natural manner. The account of Rosalie's illness and First Communion is very well related. We can recommend the book for the reading of children." — Tablet. "The tenth chapter is beautiful." — Universe. " The lessons incul- cated tend to improve the youthful mind. We cannot too strongly recommend the book." — Waterford News. "This is one of those nicely written stories for children which we now and then come across." — Catholic World. ' 'Charmingly written. " — Church Herald. The Story of Marie and other Tales. 2s. 6d. ; gilt, 3s. "A very nice little collection of stories, thoroughly Catholic in their teaching." — Tablet. "A series of short pretty stories, told with much simplicity."— Universe. "A number of short pretty stories, replete with religious teaching, told in simple language. " — Weekly Register. The Mission Cross. An Abstinence Tale. By Mrs. Bartle Teeling, author of " Roman Violets/' and "The Violet Sellers— a Drama." 2s. Sir iElfric and other Tales. By the Rev. G. Bamp- field. i8mo. 6d. ; cloth, is. ; gilt, is. 6d. The Last of the Catholic O'Malleys. A Tale. By M. Taunton, is. 6d. "A sad and stirring tale, simply written, and sure to secure for itself readers." — Tablet. " Deeply interesting. It is well adapted for parochial and school libraries." — Weekly Register. "A very pleasing tale."— The Month. " Simply and naturally told."— Free- man's Journal. My Lady at Last A Tale. By M. Taunton, author of " The Last of the Catholic O'Malleys." 3s. 6d. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Eow 9 London* R. Washbournis Catalogue. 9 Clare's Sacrifice. An impressive little tale, for First Communicants. By C. M. O'Hara. 6d. Agnes Wilmott's History, and the Lessons it Taught. By M. A. Pennell, author of " Bertram Eidon," "Nellie Gordon,'' &c. is. 6d. Killed at Sedan. A Novel. By Samuel Richardson, A.B., B.L., of the Middle Temple, ios. 6d. Eagle and Dove. From the French of Zenaide Fleuriot, by Emily Bowles. 5s. ; cheaper, 2s. 6d. "We recommend our readers to peruse this well-written story." — Register. 44 One of the very best stories we have ever dipped into." — Church Times. "Admirable in tone and purpose." — Church Herald. " A real gain. It possesses merits far above the pretty fictions got up by English writers." — Dublin Review. "There is an air of truth and sobriety about this little volume, nor is there any attempt at sensation."— Tablet. Legends of the 13th Century. By the Rev. Henry Collins. 3s. j or in 3 vols., is. 6d. each. " A casket of jewels. Most fascinating as legends and none the less profitable for example, consolation, and encouragement."— Weekly Register. 4 4 The legends are full of deep spiritual teaching, and they are almost all authenticated."— Tablet. 4 4 Well translated and beautifully got up." — The Month. " Full of heavenly wisdom," — Catholic Opinion. 4 ' The volume reminds us forcibly of Rodriguez's • Christian Perfection.'"— Dublin Review. Little Books of St. Nicholas. Tales for Children. By Rev. F. Drew. is. each. 1. Oremus; 2. Dominus Vobiscum ; 3. Pater Noster ; 4. Per Jesuni Christum ; 5. Veni Creator ; 6. Credo ; 7. Ave Maria ; 8. Ora pro nobis ; 9. Corpus Christi ; 10. Dei Genitrix ; 11. Requiem ; 12. Miserere ; 13. Deo Gratias ; 14. Guardian Angel. [Numbers 1 to 8 are ready.] Keighley Hall and other Tales. By RKing. Gilt, 2s. Chats about the Rosary ; or, Aunt Margaret's Little Neighbours. By Miss Plues. Fcap. 8vo. 3s. "There is scarcely any devotion so calculated as the Rosary to keep up a taste for piety in little children, and we must be grateful for any help in applying its lessons to the daily life of those who already love it in their unconscious tribute to its value and beauty." — Month. " We do not know of a better book for reading aloud to children, it will teach them to understand and to love the Rosary." — Tablet. Illustrative of each of the mysteries, and connecting each with the practice of some particular virtue." — Catholic Opinion. 1 4 This pretty book carries out a very good idea, much wanted, to impress upon people who do not read much the vivid picture or story of each mystery of the Rosary." — Dublin Review. jR. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Mow London. IO JR. Washbourne' s Catalogue. The Rose of Venice. A Venetian Tale. By S. Chris- topher. Crown 8vo., 3s. 6d. "A very interesting and well-told story." — The Month. Margarethe Verflassen. Translated from the German by Mrs. Smith Sligo. is. 6d. and 3s.; gilt, 3s. 6d. " A portrait of a very holy and noble soul, whose life was passed inconstant practical acts of the love of God." — Weekly Register. "It is the picture of a true woman's life, well fitted up with the practice of ascetic devotion and loving unwearied activity about all the works of mercy." — Tablet. "Those who may wish to know something about Convent life will find it faithfully pourtrayed in every important particular in the volume before us. We cordially commend it to our readers." — Northern Star. Ned Rusheen. By Sister M. F. Clare. 2s. The Prussian Spy. A Novel. 4s. nett. Sir Thomas Maxwell and his Ward. By Miss Bridges. Fcap. 8vo. is. Adolphus; or, the Good Son. i8mo.gilt, 6d. Nicholas ; or, the Reward of a Good Action. 6d. The Lost Children of Mount St. Bernard. Gilt, 6d. The Bakers Boy ; or, the Results of Industry. 6d. A Broken Chain. i8mo. gilt, 6d. Tales and Sketches. By Charles Fleet. 8vo. 3s. 6d. Cardinal Wolsey. By Agnes Stewart. 6s. Margaret Roper. By the same author. 6s. Cardinal Pole. By the same author. 7s. 6d., gilt, 10s. Earl Nugent's Daughter. By the same author. 5s. Sir Thomas More. By the same author. 7s., gilt, 9s. The Yorkshire Plot. By the same author. 6s. Bishop Fisher. By the same author. 7s. Life in the Cloister. By the same author. 3s. 6d. Festival Tales. By J. F. Waller. 3s. 6d. Rupert Aubray. By the Rev. T. J. Potter. 2s. Percy Grange. By the same author. 2s. Farley es of Farley e. By the same author. 2s. Sir Humphrey's Trial. By the same author. 2 s. The Victims of the Mamertine. Scenes from the Early Church. By Rev. A. J. O'Reilly. D.D. 3s. 6d. JR. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google B. Washbournis Catalogue. ii The Catholic " Pilgrim's Progress "—The Journey of Sophia and Eulalie to the Palace of True Hap- piness. Translated by the Rev. Father Bradbury, Mount St. Bernard's, is. 6d., better bound, 3s. 6d. " The book is essentially suited to women, and especially to those who purpose devoting themselves to the hidden life of sanctity. It will prove, however, a useful gift to many young ladies whose lot is in the world." — Weekly Register. " This mode of teaching imparts an extraordinary degree of vividness and reality."— Church Review. " Unquestionably the book is one that for a certain class of minds will have a great charm." — The Scotsman. "No one can weary with the perusal, and most people will enjoy it very much." — Tablet. Diary of a Confessor of the Faith. i2mo., is. Nellie Gordon, the Factory Girl ; or Lost and Saved. By M. A. Pennell. 6d. Tim O'Halloran's Choice ; or, From Killarney to New York. By Sister M. F. Clare. 3s. 6d. The Silver Teapot. By Elizabeth King. i8mo., 2d. The First Christmas for our dear little ones. By Miss Mulholland. 15 Illustrations, 4to. 5s. Legends of the Saints. By M. F. S., author of "Stories of the Saints." Square i6mo., 3s. 6d. "A pretty little book, couched in studiously simple language." — Church Times. "A number of short legends, told in simple lan- guage for young readers by one who has already given us two charming volumes of 'Stories of the Saints.'" — Tablet. "Here we have more than fifty tales, told with singular taste, and ranging over a vast geographical area. Not one of them will be passed over by the reader." — Catholic Times. "A delightful boon for youthful readers." — Weekly Register. "It is got up in the most attractive as well as substantial style as regards binding, paper, and typography, while the simple and beautiful legends are told in a graceful and flowing manner, which cannot fail to rivet the attention and interest of the youthful reader." — United Irishman. Stories of the Saints. By M. F. S. 1st Series, 3s. 6d., gilt, 4s. 6d. 2nd Series, 3s. 6d., gilt, 4s. 6d. 3rd Series, 3s. 6d. 4th Series, 3s. 6d. 5th Series, 3s. 6d. "As lovely a little book as we have seen for many a day." — Weekly Register. "Interesting not only for children but for pei- sons of every age and degree." — Tablet. "A great desideratum. Very pleasantly written." — The Month. "A very attractive volume. A delightful book."— Union Review. "Admirably adapted for reading aloud to children, or for their own private reading."— Catholic Opinion. " Being full of anecdotes, they are especially attractive."— Church Herald. " Well selected." — Dublin Review. R. Washbourne % 18 Paternoster Row, London, 12 R. Washbournfs Catalogue. Stories of Holy Lives. By M. F. S. Fcp. 8vo., 3s. 6d. "The stories seem well put together." — The Month. " It sets before us clearly and in simple language the most striking features in the character and history of many whose very names are dear to the hearts of Catholics." — Tablet. Stories of Martyr Priests. By M. F. S. i2mo., 3s. 6d. " The stories are written with the utmost simplicity, and witrrsuch an earnest air of reality about every page that the youthful reader may forget that he has a book in his hand, and can believe that he is * listening to a story.' " — Weekly Register. " It has been the task of (he writer, while adhering strictly to historical facts, to present the lives of these Christian heroes in a pleasing and attractive form, so that, while laying before the youthful minds deeds as thrilling as any to be found In the pages of romance, a chapter in her history is laid open which is at once the glory and the shame of England." — United Irishman. " Short memoirs well written and which cannot fail to attract not only * the Catholic Boys of England,' to whom the book is dedicated, but also all the men and women of England to whom the Catholic faith is dear." — Tablet. " Sad stories of over thirty Priests who perished for conscience sake." — Catholic Times. "No lives of great men can depict so glorious a picture as these Stories of Martyred Priests, and we trust they will be read far and wide." — Dublin Review. The Story of the Life of St. Paul. By M. F. S., author of "Legends of the Saints/' &c. 2s. 6d. and "A most attractive theme for the prolific pen of the author of 'Tom's Crucifix and other Tales. — Weekly Register. "The author knew instinctively how to present the incidents most effec- tively, and has made the most of them."-— Catholic Times. Bible Stories from the Old Testament. Twelve Stories of the Jewish Church, to interest the young in the fortunes of God's ancient Church, by throwing the Scripture narrative into a slightly different form. By Charles Walker. Cloth, extra, 2s. 6d. Cheaper edition, is. 6d. Contents :— The Sacrifice of Abel.— The Ship of Safety. — The City of Confusion. — Melchisedech, King of Salem. — The Sabbath Breaker.— Achan.— The Child Prophet of Silo.— The Building of the Temple.— The Altar at Beth-El.— The Repentance of Nineve.— The Furnace of Babylon.— The Prophecy of Malachias. Life of St. Wenefred, Virgin Martyr and Abbess, Patroness of North Wales and Shrewsbury. By Rev. T. Meyrick, M.A. With Frontispiece, 2s. Lives of the Saints for every Day in the Year. Beauti- fully printed on thick toned paper, within borders from ancient sources. Cloth gilt, gilt edges, 4to. 25 s. ; JR. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. is. 6d. £. Washbourne's Catalogue. 13 Albertus Magnus : his Life and Scholastic Labours. From original Documents. By Professor Sighart. Translated by Rev. Fr. T. A. Dixon, O.P. With a Portrait. 8vo., 6s. ; cheap edition, 3s. 6d. "A translation of Dr. Sighart 's 'Albertus Magnus ' will be wel- come in many quarters. The volume is admirably printed and beautifully got up, and the frontispiece is a valuable engraving of B. Albert's portrait after Fiesole." — Dublin Review, "Albert the Great is not well known . . . yet he is one of those pioneers of in- ductive philosophy whom our modern men of science cannot with- out black ingratitude forget. His memory should be dear not only to those who value the sanctity of life, but to those also who try, as he did, to wrest from nature the reason of her doings. " — The Month. " The volume is a large one, as befits the subject, and it carries the reader through most of the scenes of Albert's life with a graphic power . . . We recommend this book as worthy a place in every library."— Catholic Times. 44 The fullest record that has ever been penned of one of the grandest luminaries in the history of the Church." — Weekly Register. 44 The book is extremely interesting, full of information, and displays great power of research and critical judgment. . . . The volume is eminently worth perusal." — Tablet. 4 4 One of the most interesting religious biographies recently issued from the Catholic press." — Irish Monthly. Lives of the First Religious of the Visitation of Holy Mary. By Mother Frances Magdalen de Chaugy. 2 vols., i OS. : — or separately : — Life of Mother Marie Jacqueline Favre, Mother Jeanne Charlotte de Br£chard, Mother Peronne Marie de Chatel, Mother Claude Agnes Joli de la Roche. 6 s. Life of Sister Claude Siinplicienne Fardel, Sister Marie Aim£e de Chantal, Sister Francoise Gabrielle Bally, Sister Marie Denise de Martignat, Sister Anne Jacqueline Coste, Sister Marie Peronne Per- net, Sister Marie Se'raphique de Chamflours. 6s. S. Vincent Ferrer, his Life, Spiritual Teaching, and practical Devotion. By Fr. Pradel. Translated by Rev. Fr. Dixon, O.P. With Photograph, 5s. Life of S. Bernardine 01 Siena. With a portrait, 5s. Life of S. Philip Benizi. With a portrait, 5 s. Life of S. Veronica Giuliani, and Blessed Battista Varani. With a portrait, 5s. Life of S. John of God. With a portrait, 5s. R. Washbourne^ 18 Paternoster Rozv, London. Digitized by Google 14 R. Washbournts Catalogue. The Lives of the Early Popes. By Rev. Thomas Meyrick, M.A., 2 vols., 8vo. St. Peter to St. Silvester, 4s. 6d. From the time of Constan- **" tine to Charlemagne, 5s. 6d. Life of B. Giovanni Colombini. By Feo Belcari. Translated from the editions of 1541 and 1832. With a Photograph. Cr. 8vo. 3s. 6d. Life of Sister Mary Frances of the Five Wounds. From the Italian. By Rev. D. Ferris. 2s. 6d.. Sketch of the Life and Letters of the Countess Adel- stan. By E. A. M., author of " Rosalie, or the Memoirs of a French Child," " Life of Paul Seigneret," &c. is.; better bound, 2s. 6d. " The great interest of the book, even above the story of the con- version of her husband, is the question of education. The essay on the bringing up of children and the comparative merits and de- merits of Convent and home education, is well worth the careful study both of parents and those entrusted with the task of instruc- tion." — The Month. ' ' Her judgments are always wise." — Catholic Opinion. " We can safely recommend this excellent little biogra- phical sketch. It offers no exciting interest, but it is calculated to edify all,"— Tablet Life of Paul Seigneret, Seminarist of Saint-Sulpice. 6d.; cloth, is. ; better bound, is. 6d. ; gilt, 2s. "An affecting and well-told narrative. . . It will be a great fa- vourite, especially with our pure-minded, high-spirited young people." — Universe. "We commend it to parents with sons under their care, and especially do we recommend it to those who are charged with the education and training of our Catholic youth." — Register. Inner Life of P£re Lacordaire. By Pere Chocarne. Translated by Augusta Theodosia Drane. 6s. 6d. Life of Sister Mary Cherubina Clare of S. Francis. With Preface by Lady Herbert, and Photograph, 3s. 6d. Life of Gregory Lopez, the Hermit. By Canon Doyle, O.S.B. With a Photograph. i2mo., 3s. 6d. St. Angela Merici. Her Life, her Virtues, and her Institute. i2mo., 3s. Life of St. Columba, &c. By M. F. Cusack. 8vo., 6s. Recollections of Cardinal Wiseman, &c. By M. J. Arnold. 2s. 6d. Prince and Saviour. A Life of Christ for the Young. By Rosa Mulholland. is. 6d. Cheap edition, 6d. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. Washbournfs Catalogue. 15 Life of Rev. Fr. Hermann (Discalced Carmelite). From the French of the Abbe* Charles Sylvani. By Mrs. Raymond-Barker. 3s. 6d. and 4s. 6d. Life and Miracles of St. Benedict. From St. Gregory the Great, by Rev. Dom E. J. Luck. 4to., 1 os. 6d. With 52 large Photographs, 31s. 6d. Small Edition, fcap. 8vo., 2s. ; stronger bound, 2s. 6d. Life of St. Boniface. By Mrs; Hope. 6s. Life of Fr. Benvenuto Bambozzi, O.M.C., of the Conventual Friars Minor. Translated from the Italian of Fr. Nicholas Treggiari, D.D. 2s. 6d. neti. Life of the Ven. Anna Maria Taigi. From the French of Calixte, by A. V. Smith Sligo. 2s. 6d., better bound, 5s. Venerable Mary Christina of Savoy. 6d. Life of Father Mathew. By Sister Mary Francis Clare. 2s. 6d. Life of St. Patrick. i2mo. is.; 8vo. 10s., gilt. Life of St. Bridget, and of other Saints of Ireland, is, The Life of Our Lord. With Introduction by' Dr. Husenbeth. Illustrated. 5 s. Life, Passion, Death, and Resurrection of Our Blessed Lord. Translated from Ribadeneira. is. Life of S. Edmund of Canterbury, is. and is. 6d. Life of St. Francis of Assisi. From St. Bonaventure. By Miss Lockhart. With Photograph, 3s. 6d. Life of St. German. 3s. 6d. Life of Cardinal Wiseman, is. ; cloth, is. 6d. Life of Count de Montalembert. By G. White. 4d. Pius IX. By J. F. Maguire. 6s. Pius IX. From his Birth to his Death. By G. White. 6d. Life of the Ever-Blessed Virgin, ts. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google i6 R. Washbournts Catalogue. Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes: a Faithful Narrative of the Apparitions of the Blessed Virgin. By F. C. Husenbeth, D.D. i8mo. 6d. ; cloth, is.; with Novena, is. ; cloth, is. 6d. Novena, separately, 4d. ; Litany, id., or 6s. per 100. Medal, id. A Month at Lourdes and its Neighbourhood in the Summer of 1877. By Hugh Caraher. Two Illustrations, .2 s. The History of the Blessed Virgin. By Orsini. Trans- lated by Dr. Husenbeth. Illustrated, 3s. 6d. Devotion to Our Lady in North America. By the Rev. Xavier Donald Macleod. 8vo. 5s. nett. Life of the Ven. Elizabeth Canori Mora. From the Italian, with Preface by Lady Herbert, and Photograph. 3s. 6& The History of the Italian Revolution. The Revolu- tion of the Barricades. (1796 — 1849.) By the Chevalier O'Clery, M.P., K.S.G. 8vo. 7s. 6d. ; cheap edition, 3s. 6d. Two Years in the Pontifical Zouaves. By Joseph Powel, Z.P. With 4 Engravings. 8vo. 2 s. " It affords us much pleasure, and deserves the notice of the Catho- lic public." — Tablet. " Familiar names meet the eye on every pages and as few Catholic circles in either country have not had a friend or relative at one time or another serving in the Pontifical Zouaves, the history of the formation of the corps, of the gallant youths, their sufferings, and their troubles, will be valued as something more than a contribution to modern Roman history." — Freeman's Journal. Rome and her Captors. Letters collected and edited by Count Henri dTdeville, and translated by F. R. Wegg-Prosser. Cr. 8vo. 2s. 6d. " The letters describe the attempted capture of Rome by Gari- baldi ; and the tissue of events which brought about in 1870 the seizure of Rome by Victor Emanuel." — Dublin Review. " A series of letters graphically depicting the course of political events in Italy, and showing in its true light the dishonesty of the Piedmontcse government, the intrigues of Prussia, and the ill-treatment to which the Pope has been subjected. We most cordially recommend the volume to our readers.' — Church Herald. " One of the most op- portune contributions that could be made to popular literature." — Cork Examiner. "We have read the book carefully, and have found it full of interest." — Catholic Opinion. R. Washbourne, 18 ^Paternoster Roiv, London. Digitized by Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. i? Personal Recollections of Rome. By W. J. Jacob, Esq., late of the Pontifical Zouaves. 8vo. 6d. An interesting description of the Eternal City . . . The value of the Pamphlet is enhanced by a catena of authorities on the Tem- poral Power:" — Tablet. " All will read it with pleasure, and many to their profit." — Weekly Register. " We cordially recommend an attentive perusal of Mr. Jacob's book." — Nation. To Rome and Back. Fly-leaves from a Flying Tour. Edited by W. H. Anderdon, S.J. i2mo., 2s. " Graphic and vigorous sketches. As Father Anderdon says, Truly they have their special interest, by reason of date no less than of place and scene. * To Rome and Back ' refers to Rome and back at the time of the Papal Jubilee. It is as beautiful a celebra- tion of that memorable event as has any where appeared. " — Weekly Register. "We note in the Authoress a power of condensing a description in a bold and striking metaphor. There is all a woman's quickness and keenness of perception, and a power of sympathy with the noble, the beautiful, and the true." — The Month. " A charming book. . . . Besides pleasant description, there is evidence of much thought in parts of the book."— Dublin Review. The First Apostles of Europe. The 2nd Edition of "The Conversion of the Teutonic Race." By Mrs. Hope. 2 vols, crown 8vo. 10s. " Mrs. Hope has quite grasped the general character of the Teutonic nations and their true position with regard to Rome and the world in general. . . It is a great thing to find a writer of a book of this class so clearly grasping and so boldly setting forth truths, which familiar as they are to scholars, are still utterly unknown — or worse than unknown, utterly misconceived — by most of the writers of our smaller literature." — Saturday Review. "A brilliant and compact history of the Germans, Franks, and the various tribes of the former Jutes, Angles, and Saxons, who jointly formed the Anglo-Saxon, or, more correctly, English people. . . . Many of the episodes and notices of the Apostolic Missionaries, as well as the general story, are very happily and gracefully conveyed.' — Northern Star. " This is a real addition to our Catholic litera- ture."— Tablet. Holy Places ; their Sanctity and Authenticity. By the Rev. Fr. Philpin. With Maps. Crown 8vo. 6s.; cheap edition, 2 s. 6d. " Fr. Philpin weighs the comparative value of extraordinary, ordi- nary, and natural evidence, and gives an admirable summary of the witness of the early centuries regarding the holy places of Jerusalem, with archaeological and architectural proofs. It is a complete trea- tise of the subject.'— Month. "The author treats his subject with a thorough system.^and a competent knowledge."— Church Herald. JR. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. fi. Washbournis Catalogue. BY ARTHUR AND T. W. M. MARSHALL. Comedy of Convocation in the English Church. Edited by Archdeacon Chasuble, D.D. is. The Oxford Undergraduate of Twenty Years Ago : his Religion, his Studies, his Antics. By a Bachelor of Arts, is.; cloth, is. 6d. " The writing is full of brilliancy and point." — Tablet " It will deservedly attract attention, not only by the briskness and liveliness of its style, but also by the accuracy of the picture which it pro- bably gives of an individual experience." — The Month. The Infallibility of the Pope. A Lecture. 8vo. 6d. "A splendid lecture, by one who thoroughly understands his subject, and in addition is possessed of a rare power of language in which to put before others what he himself knows so well." — Uni- verse. "There are few writers so well able to make things plain and intelligible as the author of ' The Comedy of Convocation.* . . . The lecture is a model of argument and style." — Register. Reply to the Bishop of Ripon's Attack on the Catholic Church. (Can only be had bound up with " Marshalliana.") The Harmony of Anglicanism. Report of a Con- ference on Church Defence, is. " 'Church Defence' is characterised by the same caustic irony, the same good-natured satire, the same logical acuteness which dis- tinguished its predecessor, the ' Comedy of Convocation.' ... A more scathing bit of irony we have seldom met with." — Tablet. " Clever, humorous, witty, learned, written by a keen but sarcastic observer of the Establishment, it is calculated to make defenders wince as much as it is to make all others smile. "- Nonconformist. Marshalliana — The above 5 pamphlets in one volume, 426 pages, 8vo., published at 10s. in paper covers, now offered for 6s. in cloth. R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, Lo?idon. Jl. Washbournis Catalogue. 19 Dramas, Comedies, Farces, (See also page 26.) Mary, Queen of Scots. Tragedy in Three Acts. Mixed, is. 6d. Bluebeard; or, the Key of the Cellar. Drama in Three Acts. Children. 6d. The Violet Sellers. Drama in Three Acts. Children. 6d. Whittington and his Cat. Drama in Nine Scenes. Children. 6& St. Eustace. A Drama in Five Acts. Male. is. St. William of York. A Drama in Two Acts. Male. 6d. He would be a Lord. Comedy in Three Acts. Male. 2S. He would be a Soldier. Comedy in 2 Acts. Male. 6d. The Enchanted Violin. Comedy in Two ^Acts. Male. 6d. Finola. An Opera, from Moore's Melodies, in Four Acts. is. Shandy Maguire. A Farce in Two Acts. Male. 2s. The Duchess Transformed. A Comedy in One Act. By W. H. A. Female. 6d. The Reverse of the Medal. A Drama in Four Acts. Female. 6d. Ernscliff Hall; or, Two Days spent with a Great Aunt. A Drama in Three Acts. Female. 6d. Filiola. A Drama in Four Acts. Female. 6d. The Secret. Drama in One Act. Female, is. The Convert Martyr; or, Dr. Newman's " Callista," dramatised by Dr. Husenbeth. 2s. Shakespeare. Tragedies and Comedies. Expurgated edition for Schools. By Rosa Baughan. 6s. Comedies, in a separate volume, 3s. 6d. Road to Heaven. A game for family parties, is. & 2s. F. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. WASHBOURNE'S Catalogue of Books from America. * Words in Italic thus {Friendly) signify that the book is a section of the pile referred to in Italic. Adventures of a Captain. By Lady Blanche Murphy ... 2 6 Adventures of a Casquet, The. os. 6d., superior edition ... 4 o African Fabiola ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Alba s Dream, and other Stories ... ... ... 6 o Alice Harmon, and other Tales. By an ** Exile of Erin "... 6 o Alice Riordan, the Blind Man's Daughter ... ...30 All for Love ; or, from the Manger to the Cross ... ...80 Almanack, Catholic Home. Beautifully illustrated ... 16 Alzog's Church History. 3 vols. ... ... ... 60 o Amulet, The, and Poor Gentleman. By Conscience ... 6 o Angel Guide ; or, Year of First Communion ... ...40 Anthony ; or, the Silver Crucifix ... ... ... 2 6 Apostleshlp of Prayer. By Rev. H. Ramiere ... ...60 Apostolic, An, Woman ; Sister Francis Xavier ... ...10 o Appeal, An, and a Defiance. By Cardinal Deschamps ... 2 o Ars Rhetorica. Auctore R. P. Martino du Cygne ... 3 o Assunta Howard, and other Stories and Sketches... ... 6 o Aurelia ; or, The Jews of Capena Gate. By Quinton ... 6 o Barbara Leigh. A Christmas Sketch. By A. L. S. ... 3 o Beauties of the Catholic Church. By Fr. Shadlier ... 8 o Belleclus' Trlduum and Spiritual Conferences ... ... 4 o Benedicts (St);Manual. By Rev. Fr. Meyer, O.S.B. ... 6 6 Bertha ; or, The Consequence of a Fault. 2s. 6d. and ... 4 o Better Part, The. A Tale from Real Life 26 Bible. Large 4to., morocco elegant, with clasps ... ... 72 o Bible. 4to., cloth, 21s. ; French morocco, 27s. 6d. ; morocco 34 o Bible. 8vo., cloth, 8s. ; persian calf, 21s. ; morocco ... 25 o Bible. i8mo., cloth, 6s.; roan, 7s.; persian calf, 9s. ; morocco, 1 2s. ; extra gilt ... ... ... 14 o Bible History for the Use of Catholic Schools. By a Teacher. Illustrated ... ... ... ... 5 o Bible History for the Use of Schools. By Bishop Gilmour. Illustrated ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Blanche de Marailly. An Episode of the Revolution ... 2 6 Blessed Virgin in North America, Devotion to. By Fr. Macleod ... ... ... ... ... ... 5 o Blessed Virgin, Life of the. By Bishop Dupanloup ...10 o Blind Friend of the Poor. Mgr. de Segur ... ...20 Book of the Professed. By author of " Golden Sands" ... 5 o Burke's Sermons and Lectures. 3 vols. ... ... 30 o Butler s Lives of the Saints. 4 vols., 36s. ; gilt 42s. ; or, bound in 2 vols., 28s. ; gilt ... ... ... ... 36 o See Lives o f the Saints R Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, Lotidon, Digitized by Google P. Washbourne's American Publications. 21 CabiU's Sermons and Lectures ... ... ... 10 o Captain Rougemont ; or, the Miraculous Conversion ... 2 6 Cassllda ; or, The Moorish Princess of Toledo ... ... 2 6 Catherine (St.) of Genoa, Life ... ... ... ... 50 Catholic Keepsake. A Gift Book for all Seasons ... 5 o Catholic Priest and Scientists. By Rev. J. W. Vahey ... 9 o Catholicity in the Carolinas and Georgia. By Fr. O'Connell 12 o Christ In His Church ; Busingen's Church History, translated by Rev. R. Brennan. Illustrated ... ... ...90 Christian Life and Vocation. By Rev. J. Berthier ... 5 o Christian Father. From the German of Rev. W. Cramer. is. 6d. paper, 2S. 6d. gilt ... ... ...30 Christian Mother. Ditto, same prices. Christian Truths. Lectures by Rt. Rev. Bishop Chatard 6 o Christmas for our dear Little Ones, The First. Illustrated 5 o Church and Moral World. By Rev. A. J. Th^baud, S.J.... 15 p Church and the Gentile World. By the same. 3 vols. ... 24 o Church History. 1 By Alzog, 3 vols. , 60s. 2 By Darras, 4 vols., 48s. 3 By Busingen, 9s. 4 By Brennan, 4s. 6d. 5 By Noethen, 8s. Cloister Legends. By E. M. Stewart ... ...40 Commandments of God. By Rev. M. Miiller ... ...10 o Communion, Holy. By Hubert Lebon ... ... ...40 Conscience's Works, 8 vols. ... ... ... ... 32 o The Amulet, 4s. ; The Conscript and Blind Rosa, 4s. \ Count Hugo, 4s. ; The Fisherman's Daughter, 4s. ; Happiness of Being Rich, 4s. ; Ludovic and Gertrude, 4s. ; The Village Innkeeper, 4s. ; The Young Doctor, 4s. Conscript and Blind Rosa. By Conscience ... ...40 Convert, The : Leaves from My Experience. By Brownson 8 o Counsels for each Day In the Week {Friendly'")... ... o 6 Counsels of a Catholic Mother to her Daughter ... 2 6 Count Hugo, of Graenhove. By Conscience ... ... 4 6 Crasset's Devout Meditations... ... ... ...80 Crown of Heaven, The. From the German of Stoeger ... 6 o Crown of Thorns, Mystery of. By a Passionist Father ... 5 o DaJaradia ; or, The Days of King Milcho. By W. Collins 4 o Darras's Church History. 4 vols. ... ... ... 48 o Dignity, Authority, and Duties of Parents. By Rev. M. MUller ... ... ... ... ... ... 12 o Divine Paraclete. Sermons. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Divine Sanctuary, The. By the Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Divinity of Christ, The. By Rt. Rev. Dr. Rosecrans ... 2 6 Dumb Boy ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Dupont (Leon Papin-) Life Of {Holy Man of Tours) ... 6 o P. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google 22 P. WashbournJs American Publications. Ecclesiastical Law, Elements of. By Rev. S. B. Smith, D.D. 20 o ,, „ Vol. 2, Ecclesiastical Trials ... ... 20 o Ellane. By Mrs. Craven ... ... ... ... 6 o Emerald Gems. Irish Fireside Tales ... ... ,.60 Epistles and Gospels, Explanation of. By Goffine . . 9 0 Ethel Hamilton. By Anna T. Sad lier ... ... ...30 Eucharist, (Blessed) our Greatest Treasure. By Rev. M. Muller ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Eucharist (Holy) and Penance. By Rev. M. M tiller ... 8 o Eugenie de Guerin's Letters ... ... ... ... 8 o European Civilization, Protestantism and Catholicity Compared. By Balmes ... ... ... ... 12 o Evidences of Catholicity. By Archbishop Spalding ... 10 6 Faith of Our Fathers, The. By Rev. Archbishop Gibbons 4 o Cheap edition, in paper covers, 2s. Father Oswald. A Genuine Catholic Story ... ...40 Fickle Fortune. A Story of Place La Greve ...40 First Communicants, Instructions for. By Dr. Schmitt ... 2 6 First Communion (My). From the German of Fr. Buchmann 4 o First Communion, Tear of. {Angel Guide) ... ... 4 o- Fisherman's Daughter, The. By Conscience ... ...40 Fisherman's Daughter. Translated by Mrs. Monroe, 2s. 6d. & 4 o Four Seasons, The. By Rev. J. W. Vahey ... ...40 Francis' (St.) Manual for Members of Third Order. 824 pp. 4 o Francis of Sales (St. ), Maxims of, for every day ... 2 6 Francis of Sales (St.), New Tear Greetings ... ...10 Francis Xavier (St.), Life of. From the Italian of Bartoli 8 o Friendly Voice ; or, the Daily Monitor ... ... ...06 Future of Catholic Peoples. By Baron de Haulleville ... 6 o Genius of Christianity. By Chateaubriand ... ... 10 6 Gertrude (St) Manual ; or Spirit of Devotion, 504 pages ... 4 o God our Father. By a Father of the Society of Jesus nett 2 o God the Teacher of Mankind. By Rev. M. Muller : Holy Eucharist and Penance ... ... ...80 The Greatest and the First Commandment ... ... 10 o Precepts of the Church ... ... ... ... 9 o Dignity, Authority, and Duties of Parents ... ... 12 ; o Sacramentals, Prayer, Vices and Virtues, Perfection, etc. 9 o Good Thoughts for Priest and People ; or, Short Meditations for Every Day in the Year. By Rev. T. Noethan 8 o Gofflnes Epistles and Gospels ... ... ... ... 9 o Golden Sands. First and Second Series, each, 4s. ; Third Series 3 o Golden Sands. Illustrated ... ... ... ...80 Governess, The ; or, The Effects of Good Example. By G. H. Miles ... ... 3 6 Great-Grandmother's Secret, The. 2s. 6d. , superior edition 4 o Greetings to the Christ Child. Illustrated ... ncit. 2 o Gretchen's Gift; or, A Noble Sacrifice. By A. I* S. ... 3 o Guardian Angel, Memoirs of a By the Abbe' Chardon ... 4 o P. Washbourne^ 18 Paternoster Row % London. Digitized by Google P. Washbourne's American Publications, 23 Happiness of Being Rich and Ricketicketack, etc. By Conscience ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Happiness of Heaven. By a Father of the Society of Jesus 4 o Hill's Elements of Philosophy. 2 vols. ... ... 16 o History, Compendium of. ByKerney ... ... ...50 Holy Man of Tours ; or, the Life of L£on Papin-Dupont ... 6 o Household Science. By author of " Golden Sands " ...30 Idols; or, The Secret of the Rue Chaussee d'Antin ... 6 o Indian Sketches. By Rev. P. J. De Smet, S.J. ... ... 2 6 Intellectual Philosophy. By Rev. J. De Concilio ... 8 o Invitation Heeded. By James Kent Stone ... ...60 Irish Faith in America. Recollections of a Missionary ... 4 o Irish Fireside Tales {Emerald)... ... ... ...60 Irish Martyrs and Confessors, Lives of. By Myles O'Reilly 12 o Irish Race (The) Past and the Present. By Fr. Thebaud 10 o Jesuits! The. By Paul Feval ... ... ... ... 3 6 Joint Venture, The ; a Tale in Two Lands ... ...50 Kerney s Compendium of History ... ... ...50 King's Page, The, and other Stories. By Anna T. Sadlier 3 o Knowledge and Love of Jesus Christ. St. Jure, 3 vols. ... 31 6 Lacordaire's Conferences : God and Man, Jesus Christ, Life ... • ... ... ... ... each. 7 6 Lacordaire's Letters to Young Men ... ... ... 7 6 Lenten Sermons. By Fr. Segueri. 2 vols. ... ... 13 o LEO XIII., Life and Acts of. With a Sketch of the Last Days of Pius IX. Edited by Rev. J. E. Keller, S.J. Illustrated 6 o Leper's Son ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Letters of a Young Irishwoman to her Sister ... ...60 Life of our Lord and the Blessed Virgin. By Rev. R. Brennan. Large 4to., illustrated, half-morocco •••54 o Liguori (St) Life of ... ... ... ... ...10 o Literature, Student's Handbook By Rev. O. L. Jenkins 10 6 Little Rose of the Sacred Heart ... ... ... 2 6 Little Saint of Nine Years. From French of Mgr. de Segur 2 o Little Orator, and other Tales ... ... ... ...10 Little Treatise on the Little Virtues. By Fr. Roberti, S.J. 2 o Little Treatise on Little Sufferings ... ... ...16 Lives of the Deceased Bishops of the Catholic Church in the United States. By R. H. Clarke. 2 vols. ... 30 o Lives of the Saints. By Butler. 4 vols., 8vo., 36s. ; gilt, 40s. ; or bound in 2 vols., 8vo., 28s. ; gilt ... ...36 o Lives of the Saints, Pictorial, with Reflection for Every Day 15 o Lives of Patron Saints. Illustrated {Patron) ... ... 10 o Louisa Kirkbride. By Fr. Thebaud. Illustrate^ ... 10 o Loretto; or, The Choice. By G. H. Miles ... ... 3 6 Ludovic and Gertrude, and Young Doctor. By Conscience 6 o Luther (Martin), Life of. By Rev. W. Stang ... ...16 R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster R<nv> London. Digitized by VjOOQIC 24 P. Washbourne's American Publications. Maidens of Hallowed Names ... ... ... ... 5 0 Maddalena ; The Orphan of the Via Media ... ...40 Manual of the Sacred Thirst (to repress Intemperance) ... 3 o Marcelle. A True Story. 2s. 6d. , superior edition ... 4 o Margaret Mary (Blessed), Letters of (Sacred Heart) ... 3 o Marriage, Sure Way to a Happy. By Fr. Taylor, is. 6d. paper, 2s. 6d. gilt ... ... ... ... 4 o Mary, The Knowledge of. By Rev. J. de Concilio ... 6 o Mary Magdalene (St.), Life of ... ... ... ... 2 6 Mass (The). History of. By Rev. J. O'Brien ... ...80 Mass (The). The Holy Sacrifice for the Living and the Dead. By Michael Mulier, C.SS.R.... ... ...10 o Meditations, Devout. By Crasset. Translated by Dorsey 8 o Meditations for Every Day. By Vercruysse. 2 vols. ... 20 o Miraculous Conversion (Captain) ... ... ... 2 6 Monk's Pardon. Translated by Anna T. Sadlier... ... 6 6 Monks of the West. By the Count de Montalembert. 2 vols. 30 6 Moorish Princess of Toledo (Cassilda) ... ... ... 2 6 More (Sir Thomas). By Mrs. Monroe ... ... ...60 Mother of Washington, and other Tales. ... ... 1 o Muard, Life of Rev. M. J. B. By Rt. Rev. Dom Robot, O. S. B. 6 o Mysterious Beggar .. .. .. ... ...20 Mysterious Castle. A Tale of the Middle Ages ... ...60 Names that Live in Catholic Hearts ... ... ... 4 6 Neptune, The, at the Golden Horn. Illustrated... ... 4 6 New Year Greetings. By St. Francis de Sales ... ...10 Noethen's Church History ... ... ... ...80 Novitiate, Souvenir of the ... ... ... ... 4 o O'Mahony, The, Chief of the Comeraghs. A Tale of '98... 6 o Only a Waif. By R. A. Braendle (' Pips') ... .:. 4 o Orphan of Alsace ... ... ... ... ... 2 6 Orphan of Moscow. By Mrs. Sadlier ... ... ... 3 • Paradise of God : or, the Virtues of the Sacred Heart ... 4 o Paradise on Earth ... ... ... ... ... 2 6 Pastoral Medicine. Capellmann. Trans, by Rev. W. Dassel 6 o Patira. From the French of Raoul de Navery ... ... 6 6 Patron Saints. By E. A. Starr. Illustrated ... ... 10 o Paulists' Sermons : Five Minutes, 1864, 1865, 1871, each... 6 o Pearl among the Virtues, The. By Rev. P. A. De Doss, S.J. 3 o Pearl Of Antioch. By Abbe Bay le ... ... ...60 Perico the Sad ; or, the Alvareda Family, and other Stories 6 o Phllomena (St), Life and Miracles of ... ... ... 2 6 Philosophy, Elements of, comprising Logic and General Principles of Metaphysics. By Rev. Fr. Hill, S.J. ... 8 o Philosophy, Ethics, or Moral. By W. H. Hill, S.J. ... 8 o Pius IX., Last Days of. By Rev. J. E. Keller, S.J. ... 6 o Poor Gentleman, and Amulet. By Conscience ... ... 60 Praxis Synodalis ... ... ... ... ... 4 o Precepts of the Church. By Rev. M. Mulier ... ...90 Priest of Auvrigny, The, etc. ... ... ... ... 2 6 Protestant Reformation. By Archbishop Spalding. 2 vols., 21s. Cheap edition in 1 vol. ... ... ... 14 o Protestant Reformation, &c. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 4 o Protestant and Catholic Civilization Compared (Future) 6 o Raphaela. By Mile. Monniot ... ... ... ... 7 6 Ravignan (Fr.), S. J., Life Of. By Fr. de Ponlevoy ... 12 o P. Washboume> 18 Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Google R. Washbourne 's American Publications. 25 Recluse, The ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Religious, The. By Rev. J. B. St. Jure. 2 vols. ... 21 o Repertorium Oratorls Sacrl : Outlines of 600 Sermons. 4 vols. 52 6 Richard ; or, Devotion to the Stuarts, 2s. 6d. superior edition 4 o Rituale Romanum. The beautiful 8vo. edition printed by Murphy, of Baltimore. Paper, 16s. ; morocco ... 25 o Rosary, The, and the Five Scapulars. By Rev. M. Muller 6 o Sacramentals, Prayer, Vices and Virtues, Christian Per- fection, etc. By Rev. M. Muller ... ... ...90 Sacred Chant, Manual of . By Fr. Mohr ... ... 2 6 Sacred Heart, Devotions to. By Rev. S. Franco, S.J. 2s. & 4 o Sacred Heart, Devotions to (Little Virtues) ... ...20 Sacred Heart, Hours with ... ... ... ... 2 o Sacred Heart, Manual. By Fr. Schouppe ... ...20 Sacred Heart, Pearls from the Casket of ... ...30 Sacred Heart, Virtues of. By Pere Boudreaux, S.J. ...40 Sally Cavanagh. By J. C. Kickham ... ... ... 5 o Sanctuary Boy's Illustrated Manual ... ... ...60 Scapulars (Five), The Devotion of. By Rev. M. Muller ... 6 6 Sermon at the Month's Mind of Most Rev. Abp. Spalding 1 o Sermons for Every Sunday, etc. : Catholic Pulpit ... 14 o Sermons, Short, for Low Masses. By Rev. Fr. Schouppe 10 o Sermons, Repertorium Oratorls Sacrl. 4 vols. ... 52 6 Sermons. Divine Paraclete. By Rev. T. S. Preston ... 5 o Sermons. By the Paulists, 1864, 1865, 1871. Five Minutes, each ... ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Sermons and Lectures. By Father Burke, O. P. 3 vols. 32 6 Sermons, Lectures, and Discourses. By Bp. Spalding ... 6 o Sermons, One Hundred Short. By Rev. Fr. Thomas ... 12 o Sermons on Our Lord, the B.V.M., and Moral Subjects. By Cardinal Wiseman. 2 vols. ... ... ... 16 o Sermons (53), Preached in the Albany County Peni- tentiary. By Rev. T. Noethen ... ... ... 6 o Sermons, Lectures, &c, of Rev. Dr. D. W. Cahill ... 10 o Sermons or Lectures. By B. Chatard (Christian Truths) 6 o Seton, Mgr., Essays on various subjects, chiefly Roman ... 8 o Seton, Mrs., Order of Sisters of Charity ... ...80 Short Stories on Christian Doctrine ... ... ...50 Signs and Ceremonies, Teaching Truth by. Illustrated ... 6 o Sister Natalie. By Mrs. Craven ... ... ...50 Sisters of Charity, Manual of ... ... ... ... 4 o Six Sunny Months, and other Stories ... ... ...60 Society of Jesus, History of. By Daurignac ... ... 10 o Spalding (Archbishop), Life of ... ... ... ...10 6 Spalding's (Abp.) Works. 5 vols. ... ... ... 52 6 Or separately : Evidences of Catholicity, 10s. 6d. Miscel- lanea, 2 vols., 21s. ; Protestant Reformation, 2 vols., 21s. Stray Leaves from a Passing Life, and other Stories ... 6 o Teaching Truths by Signs and Ceremonies ... ...60 Teresa (St.), Thoughts of, for every day in the Year ... 2 6 Thalia; or, Arianism and the Council of Nice. An Historical Tale of the Fourth Century. By the Abbe* A. Bayle ... 6 o Theologia Moralis S. Alphonsl Compendium. Auctore A. Konings, C.SS.R. 26s. 2 vols, in 1, half-morocco ... 32 o Thesaurus Biblicus ; or, Handbook of Scripture Reference 30 o R. Washbourne, 18 ^Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Google 26 R. Washbournfs American Publications. Thomas Aquinas (St.) Life of ... ... ... ... 5 o Thomas's One Hundred Short Sermons ... ... 12 o Truce Of God. A Tale of the XI. Century. By Miles ... 4 o True Men as We Need Them. By Rev. B. O'Reilly ... 10 6 Truths of Salvation. By Rev. J. Pergmayr, S.J. ...50 Two Brothers ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Ubaldo and Irene. By Fr. Bresciani, S.J. 2 vols. ... 16 o Vacation Days. By author of "Golden Sands" ... 4 o Village Innkeeper, The, and Fisherman's Daughter. By Conscience ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Village Steeple, The. A Tale 26 Vincent's (St.) Manual ... ... ... ... 4 o Visits to the Blessed Sacrament ( Friendly) ... ...06 Vows, Catechism of. By Cotel ... ... ...16 Weninger s Conferences. 2 vols. ... ... .. 20 o What Catholics do not Believe. By Bishop Ryan ... 1 o Will and a Way ... ... ... ... ... 6 o Wiseman's (Cardinal) Essay a 6 vols. ... ... ... 36 o Wiseman's (Cardinal) Sermons on Our Lord and B. V. M., and Moral Subjects. 2 vols. ... ... each 8 o Woman of Culture. By J. T. Smith ... ... ... 6 o Young Doctor and Ludovic By Conscience ... ...60 Young Flower-Maker ... ... ... ... 2 o Zeal in the Work of the Ministry. By Abbe* Dubcis ... 10 o Zita (St.), Life of 30 Vercruysse's Meditations for Every Day. 2 vols. ...20 o DRAMAS, etc. Babbler, The. A Drama in One Act By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Male 1 o Christmas Tree. Drama, One Act (Mixed) ... ...10 Double Triumph, The. Dramatized from the Story of Placidus in the "Martyrs of the Coliseum." By Rev. A. J. O'Reilly. Male ... ... ... ... 2 o Elder Brother, The. A Drama in Two Acts. By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Male ... ... ... ... ... 1 o Fanny Allen, the First American Nun. A Drama in 5 Acts. Female ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 6 Invisible Hand, The. A Drama in Three Acts. Male ... 1 o Irish Heroine. A Drama in 5 Acts. By Rev. J. de Concilio (Mixed) ... ... ... ... ...10 Julia ; or, The Gold Thimble. A Drama in One Act. By Mrs. J. Sadlier. Female ... ... ... ... 1 o Knights of the Cross, The . A Sacred Drama in Three Acts. Male ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 o Laurence and Xystus ; or, the Illustrious Roman Martyrs. A Sacred Drama in Five Acts. Male ... ... 2 o Major John Andre. An Historical Drama, Five Acts. Male 3 o Marie Antoinette. An Historical Drama. Female ... 2 6 St. Helena; or, the Finding of the Holy Cross. A Drama in Three Acts. By Rev. J. A. Bergrath. Female ... 2 o St. Louis in Chains. Drama, Five Acts. Male.... ... 3 o Sylvia, and other Dramas. ... ... ... ... 7 o R. Washbournt) 18 Paternoster Pow, London. Digitized by Google & Washbournis Catalogue, ' 27 For the convenience of purchasers the following books referred to in the previous pages are arranged according to price: 6d. Ethelreda. A True Story. A Friendly Voice ; or, the Daily Monitor. The Brigand Chief, and other Tales Now is the Accepted Time, &c. What a Child can Do, and other Tales Sowing Wild Oats, &c. The Two Hosts, and other Tales The Lost Children of Mount St. Bernard The Baker's Boy; or, the Results of Industry A Broken Chain Life of Paul Seigneret Prince and Saviour Count de Montalembert Pope Pius IX. By White Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes The Golden Thought of Queen Beryl ; The Brother's Grave The Rod that Bore Blossoms ; Patience and Impatience Clare's Sacrifice Nellie Gordon, the Factory Girl Fairy Tales for Little Children Schmid's, The Canary Bird The Dove — — The Inundation The Rose Tree The Water Jug The Wooden Cross Sir iElfric, and other Tales Adolphus ; or, the Good Son Nicholas; or, the Reward of a Good Action The Victories of Rome The Infallibility of the Pope Various Dramas (sec page iq) Is. Mootkoosawmy and other Indian Tales, by Lady Herbert Emily, Nancy, &c, by Lady Herbert Two Cousins, &c, by Lady Herbert Kainer ; or, the Usurer's Doom The Fairy Ching The Two Friends Yellow Holly, and other Tales Tableaux Vivants , and other Tales Wet Days, and other Tales A Daughter of St. Dominick Fatal Consequence of Telling Lies Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal Catherine's Promise, and Norah's Temptation [Picture Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Schmid's Canary Bird (gilt) Dove (gilt) Inundation (gilt) Rose Tree (gilt) Water Jug (gilt) Wooden Cross (gilt) St. Patrick My Dream and other Verses. St. Bridget and other Saints of Ireland Walter Ferrers' School Days Bertram Eldon Story of a Paper Knife Terry O'Flinn The Village Lily The Angels and the Sacraments Fairy Tales for Little Children Rosalie ; or, The Memoirs of a French Child Sir iElfric and other Tales Little Orator, and other Tales Mother of Washington, and other Tales [Ward Sir Thomas Maxwell and his Diary of a Confessor of the Faith Countess Adelstan Paul Seigneret Life, Passion, Death, and Resur- rection of Our Lord St. Edmund of Canterbury Our Lady of Lourdes The Ever Blessed Virgin Cardinal Wiseman Stories for my Children & Washbourne^ 18 Paternoster Row \ Lotidon. Digitized by Google 28 R. Washbourtuts Catalogue, Little Books of St. Nicholas. Tales for Children. By F. B. Bickerstaffe Drew. is. each. Nos. i to 8 are ready. i. Oremus ; 2. Dominus Vobiscum ; 3. Pater Noster ; 4. Per Jesum Christum ; 5. Veni Creator ; 6. Credo ; 7. Ave Maria ; 8. Ora pro nobis ; 9. Corpus Christi ; 10. Dei Genitrix ; n. Re- quiem ; 12. Miserere ; 13. Deo Gratias ; 14. Guardian AngeL Is. Agnes Wilmott's History Kainer ; or, the Usurer s Doom (gilt) [(gilt) The Angels and the Sacraments The Fairy Ching (gilt) [Tales The Golden Thought and other The Two Friends (gilt) Tableaux Vivants, and other Tales (gilt) [(gilt) Yellow Holly, and other Tales Wet Days and other Tales (gilt) A Daughter of S. Dominick Good for Evil, and Joe Ryan's Repentance (gilt) [Lies The Fatal Consequence of Telling Annie's First Prayer, and Only a Picture (gilt) * [(gilt) Tom's Crucifix, and Pat's Rosary Terry O'Flinn Paul Seigneret Legends of the XHIth Century. 6d. The Old Prayer Book, and Charlie Pearson's Medal (gilt) Catherine s Promise, and Norah's " Temptation (gilt) Sketches in Iceland The Three Wishes Paul Seigneret Die Village Lily (gilt) Fairy Tales for Little Children The Memoirs of a French Child The Feasts of Camelot. 2 vols. Sir iElfric and other Tales (gilt) Last of the Catholic O'Malleys Margarethe Verflassen Bible Stories from the Old Test. Sophia and Eulalie — Catholic Pilgrim's Progress Cardinal Wiseman Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes Story of the Life of S. Paul 28. Life of St. Mildred Walter Ferrers' School Days The Mission Cross A Daughter of St. Dominick (gilt) The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Religion Life in Iceland To Rome and Back ~ [(gilt) Fairy Tales for Little Children Two Years in the Pontifical Zouaves 28. Bobbie and Birdie Our Esther Gamekeeper's Little Son [Church Twelve Stories of the Jewish The Monk of the Monastery of Yuste (Charles V.) My Golden Days Little Rose of the Sacred Heart Cassilda ; or, the Moorish Prin- cess of Toledo Captain Rougemont ; or, the Miraculous Conversion The Jesuits. By Paul Feval, nett God our Father, nett Bible History. Illustrated Rosalie ; or, the Memoirs of a French Child (gilt) Keighley Hall, and other Tales Terry O'Flinn (gilt) Life of St. Wenefred Paul Seigneret (gilt) A Month at Lourdes Golden Thought, etc. (gilt) 6d. Catherine Hamilton Catherine Grown Older Simple Tales [a Fault Bertha ; or the Consequences of Farleyes of Farleye Sir Humphrey's Trial Eagle and Dove Tales and Sketches Countess Adelstan [Terror Recollections of the Reign of Story of the Life of St. Paul Recollections of Card. Wiseman R. Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. WashbournJs Catalogue. 29 2s. 6d. (continued). Rome and her Captors Father Benvenuto Bambozzi, nett Venerable Anna Maria Taigi Father Mat hew Holy Places The Three Wishes Anthony ; or, the Silver Crucifix The Better Part Blanche de Marsilly The Burgomaster's Daughter Indian Sketches [nicants Instructions for First Commu- Great-Grandm other's Secret Marcelle The Story of Marie, and other Tales The Adventures of a Casket Life of St Mary Magdalene The Orphan of Alsace Life of St. Philomena The Priest of Auvrigny Strange Village and other Stories The Village Steeple Sister Mary Frances of the Five Wounds 3s. The Most Beautiful among the Children of Men? For Better, not For Worse True Wayside Tales [Authors Gathered Gems from Spanish The Battle of Connemara Industry and Laziness Catherine Hamilton (gilt) -(gill Catherine Grown Older (gilt) 3s. Albertus Magnus, Life of Out in the Cold World Jack's Boy The Conquest of Grenada The Catholic Pilgrim's Progress From Sunrise to Sunset Rest, on the Cross The Feast of Camelot Tales from many Lands Canon Schmid's Tales Tim O'Halloran's Choice Tom's Crucifix, and other Tales Fluffy : a Tale for Boys The Adventures of a Protestant in Search of a Religion The Barrys of Beigh Margarethe Verflassen (gilt) The Heroine of Vesuvius Tales and Sketches (gilt) St. German Gretchen's Gift Cistercian Legends [(gilt) Story of Marie and other Tales Chats about the Commandments Chats about the Rosary Margarethe Verflassen Pearl among the Virtues Barbara Leigh The Lost Son St. Angela Merici 6d. My Lady at Last The Rose of Venice St. Francis of Assisi Stories of Martyr Priests Legends of the Saints Stories of the Saints, ist Scries Stories of the Saints. 2nd Series Stories of the Saints. 3rd Series Stories of the Saints. 4th Series Stories of the Saints. 5th Series Stories of Holy Lives Blessed Giovanni Colombini Sister ^ary Cherubina Clare Gregory Lopez, the Hermit St. Columbkille Ven. Canori Mora The History of the Blessed Virgin History of the Italian Revolution Festival Tales Life in the Cloister Maidens of Hallowed Names Adventures of a Casquet My First Communion Fisherman's Daughter. By Munroe Great Grandmother's Secret 4s. Paradise of God Bertha ; or, the Consequence of a Fault Dalaraida ; or, the Days of King Milcho Cloister Legends R. Washbourne, |S Paternoster Row, London* Digitized by Google 30 R. Washbournfs Catalogue. 4s. (continued). Conscience's, The Amulet The Young Doctor The Fisherman's Daughter Count Hugo The Conscript and Blind Rosa The Village Innkeeper Happiness of Being Rich Ludovic and Gertrude The Truce of God The Prussian Spy, nett Memoirs of a Guardian Angel Adventures of a Captain ; Fickle Fortune ; The Four Seasons j Golden Sands, ist Series i Golden Sands. 2nd Series I Greetings to the Christ Child 1 The King's Page and other I Stories I Marcelle. A true story Only a Waif Souvenir of the Novitiate Vacation Days 5s. Recollections of a Missionary The Days of King Milcho Only a Waif Eagle and Dove Limerick Veteran The Victims of the Mamertine St. Vincent Ferrer St. Bernardine of Siena St. Philip Benizi The First Christmas for our dear Little Ones St. Veronica Giuliani St. John of God Venerable Anna Maria Taigi Life of Our Lord [America Devotion to Our Lady in North Alice Harmon and other Tales Bible History. Illustrated The Joint Venture Catholic Keepsake Butler's Lives of the Saints, se- lected by Mgr. Goddard Albertus Magnus Life of Mother Mary Jacqueline Favre, and others Life of Sister Claude Simplicienne Fardel, and others St. Columba St. Boniface Holy Places Marshalliana Shakespeare. Expurgated edition Sir Thomas More The Mysterious Castle Perico the Sad and other Tales Panegyrics of Father Segneri The Knowledge of Mary The O'Mahony 6s. 6d., Pere Lacordaire, 6s. 6d. Life of Pere Hermann, 6s. 6d. Sir Thomas More. 7s. The Italian Revolution, 7s. 6d. Raphaela Six Sunny Months and other Stories Stray Leaves and other Stories Thalia. An Historical Tale The Two Brides Alba's Dream and other Stories Assunta Howard and other Stories Emerald Gems Letters of a Young Irishwoman to her Sister Louise Lateau Cardinal Wolsey Life and Acts of Leo XIII. and Last Days of Pius IX. to 48s. Life of St. Francis Xavier, 8s. Goffine's Explanation of the Epistles and Gospels. Illus- trated. 9s. R. Washbourne> 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google R. Washbournis Catalogue. Lives of the Early Popes, ios. Lives of First Religious of the Visitation. 2 vols. , ios. The First Apostles of Europe. 2 vols. , ios. Patron Saints, ios. Life of St. Ligouri, ios. Life of the Blessed Virgin. Illus- trated, ios. Killed at Sedan, ios. 6d. Genius of Christianity, ios. 6d. Louisa Kirkbride. ios. 6d. True Men as we need them, ios. 6d. Lives of Irish Martyrs and Con- fessors. 123. Pere Ravignan, 12s. Spalding's Reformation, 14s. Pictorial Lives of the Saints. i5st Ubaldo and Irene. 2 vols., 16s Lives of the Saints for every Day in the Year. 25s. Butler's Lives of the Saints. 2 vols., 28s., gilt, 36s. St. Jure's Knowledge and Love oi Our Lord. 3 vols. , 31s. 6d. Butler's Lives of the Saints. 4 vols., 36s., gilt, 42s. Cardinal Wiseman's Essays. 6 vols., 36s. Darras' Church History. 4 vols. 48s. HOLY FAMILY CARD OF MEMBERSHIP. A Beautiful Design : All who have seen it admire it, and say Nothing equals, it. Price 6d, or post free^ on a roller ; Zd. Twelve copies 4s. 6d. y or 5 s. post free. Medals, 3d., 4d., and 6d. each. FIRST COMMUNION CARD. This is also a very Beautiful Design, and commends itself to all who have seen it. It is also arranged as a Memento of Confirmation. Price is., or post free, on a roller, is. 3d. Twelve copies for gs., or post free gs. 6d. 100 for 66s. Sd. Medals in Silver, is., 2s., and 3s. 6d. each. CHILDREN OF MARY CARD. Price gd., or post free, on a roller, is. Medals, 2d. and 3d. each ; or in Silver, is., is. 6d., 2s., 3s., 4s., 5s., 6s. 6d., and ios. 6d. each. Child of Mary Manual, Is. A\ Washbourne's COMPLETE Catalogue, post f ee. R Washbourne, 18 Paternoster Row, London. Digitized by Google THE CHILD'S PICTURE PRAYER BOOK. In simple language and in large type, on good paper, beautifully Illustrated. The Contents of the book are Morning Prayers, The Angelus, Grace before and after Meals, Night Prayers, Litany of the Blessed Virgin, The Memorare, Prayers during Holy Mass, Divine Praises, Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament, Hymns, De Profundis, and the Rosary for the Dead. The illustrations are 16 in number, each occupying a full page. The binding is in cloth, with a cover designed expressly for the book and the price, with the pictures in two tints, is Is., or in stronger bind- ing, Is. 6d., or with gold on the side, 2s. ; with the pictures in seven colours, Is. 6d., or in stronger binding, 2s., or with gold on the side, 2b. 6d., and with gilt edges 8s., and with full gilt side 3s. 6d., in French morocco, 3 Od., or extra gilt 4s., in calf, 5s., or extra gilt, 6s. THE LITTLE GARDEN ILLUSTRATED. Abridged in the Latin, with 16 full-page Illustrations : cloth, Is., with Epistles and Gospels, Is. 6d. ; roan, Is. 6d. ; French morocco, 2s. ditto, extra gilt, 2s. Od. ; calf or morocco, 3s. 6d. ; ditto, extra gilt, 4s. 6d. ; with Epistles and Gospels 6d. extra on the above. R. WASHBOURNE'S POPULAR EDITION OF THE GARDEN OF THE SOUL. This edition of The Garden of the Soul is especially distinguished by bearing the Imfrimatur of the Cardinal- Archbishop of Westminster. Amongst the many valuable additions, not before inserted in The Garden of the Soul, will be found the rites of administering the Sacraments in Latin and English, Devotions to the Sacred Heart, Devotion of the Quarant 'Ore, the Prayers for a Journey, or Itinerarium, Devotions to the Angel Guardians, The Way of the Cross, the Devotion of the Bona Mors, and many other devotions, and the Vespers in ordinary use. Especial attention is directed to the excellent paper and bold type used in the edition. Embossed, Is. ; with rims and clasps, Is. Cd. ; with Epistles and Gospels Is. 6d. ; with rims and clasp, 2s. French morocco, 2s. ; with rims and clasps, 2s. 6d. ; with Epistles and Gospels, 2s. 6d.; with rims and clasps, 3s. French morocco, extra gilt, 2s. 6d. : with rims and clasp, 3s. ; with Epistles and Gospels, 3s. ; with rims and clasp, 3s. 6d. Calf or morocco, 4s., with clasp, 5s. 6d. ; extra gilt, 5s., or 6s. 6d. with clasp. Calf or morocco, extra gilt, 5s., with clasp, 6s. 6d. Morocco 4 with two patent clasps, 12s. Morocco antique, with corners and two clasps, 18s. Velvet, with rims and clasp, 8s., 10s. 6d., 13s. Russia, with clasp, 10s. , 12s. 6d. Russia antique, with corners and two clasps, 20s.' Ivory, with rims and clasp, 12s. 6d., 16s., 20s., 22s. 6d. Any of the above can be had with Epistles and Gospels, 6d. extra The Epistles and Gospels may be had separately, cloth, 6d., or 4s. per dozen ; roan, Is. 6d. R. Washbournt) 18 Paternoster Row, London, Digitized by Digitized by Google 