Google This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the publisher to a library and finally to you. Usage guidelines Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. We also ask that you: + Make non- commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for personal, non-commercial purposes. + Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. + Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. + Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. About Google Book Search Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web at http : / /books . qooqle . com/ The conventional... Robert Hugh Benson Digitized by GOOgle Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by GoogI Transfer from Clrc. Dwt JUN 1913 Digitized by Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS BY ROBERT HUGH BENSON AUTHOR OF ** THE KING'S ACHIEVEMENT," "THE QUEEN'S TRAGEDY," *' RICHARD RAYNAL; SOLITARY," ETC. THE NEW YORK AS OH. L.FNOX AND TILO N FOUNDATIONS* n 1913 L Copyright, 19984 by^ Joseph Gummersbach • ••• . - <\-'BECKTOLD — PMNfTBf |3 AN3> BOOK MFG. CO. LOUIS, MO. Digitized by Google CONTENTS PAGE Prologue i Part I 12 Part II 118 Part III 242 Epilogue 357 1 Digitized by Digitized by Google PROPERTY OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK THE CONVENTIONALISTS \ y.. - '•V ••'•'prologue '* ' T SET down my bag in ^ kijld of despair, straight- ened my aching back and began very cautiously to bend my cramped fingers this way and that ; the pinched skin across the palm of my hand slowly re- adjusted itself. Yet all the while I was marvelling at the dawn of rosy nacre, the strange silence, the clean-smelling, cold, dark air and the solemnity of the empty streets. I was doing an extremely foolish thing out of mere obstinacy. Two engagements, just not incom- patible, involved my arriving, from the north, at Euston at four o'clock in the morning and my leav- ing Waterloo at eight o'clock ; and in a fit of roman- tic self-will I had shaken my head at the sleepy cab-driver^ and set out to walk with my kit-bag across from one station to the other. For about three-quarters of an hour I had enjoyed myself ; then profound irritation, weariness and self-mockery had gained possession of my animal nature, and the con- flict was now proceeding. On the one side, such appreciative faculties as I possess pointed out to me Digitized by Google 2 THE CONVENTIONALISTS = V*?. r\ i^-i *s » V" " the curious^ romatke of the qui& : Vtteets, the unique experience* of^lopking upon Lon4art<*asleep; on the other, my carnal appetite painted yision§ of a cush- ioned hansom, \ a hotel bedroom ."ajod-4 couple of hours' drowsy 'rest. But my irftL^fraS obstinate. No power knpwp to me would ha^Vjaviiled to make me "falter. "* < - • # " ^ I had reached/^: €roSstroad, t somewhere to the south of King's Cross; k \Chefe the slope begins to rise, and for the third or fourth time set down my bag to rest. As my muscles slowly relaxed, and the quick pricking of the skin subsided to a glow, I began once more to appreciate my experience. It was really very remarkable. To right and left of me ran a long, straight street, noisy and hideous in the daytime no doubt, now as solemn as a ruined temple in the dawn. A water-cart had lately passed along this way, sweeping clean with floods of fresh water the fragments and the dust generated in the previous day, and a smell as of a country road was in my nostrils. Opposite me, and down the street in front, rose up the silhouette of chimney pots and stucco parapets, beneath which drowsed the white- blinded windows; here and there a vivid orange oblong, crossed by a monstrous shadow, showed where some yawning human creature was making ready for his day's work. The silence, too, was impressive; and the gnat-like cry of some workman's Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS train half a mile away, the rich, sudden clatter of a milk-cart across the end of one of these labyrinthine avenues, the hollow bang of a house-door, the ap- proaching and receding rap of footsteps on the hard pavement, echoing back clear and distinct before fad- ing again into stillness, the thin crow of a dawn-cock across miles of roofs — all these things did no more than accentuate the silence. Since leaving the Euston Road, I had not seen more than a dozen persons all told, and of these not less than four had been policemen. Five more had been working men, bag on shoulder, passing briskly along to some mysterious business, scenting the air for a hundred yards behind them with the pungent black tobacco and that strange British combination of stale alcohol and unwashed clothes. One had been a drowsy boy, protruding a stick-like arm to take in the milk at a green-painted, blistered door; one had been a girl with her hair in curl-papers, who appeared to have slept in her clothes; and the last, a railway porter driving a van. I had also had a few courteous words with a sleepy but polite col- lie-dog. I had learned two or three lessons already and now repeated them to myself. The first was that those persons who report that London never sleeps are liars ; the second, that the sense of smell is. ex- traordinarily refined at four o'clock in the morning, Di^ftized by GoOglC 4 THE CONVENTIONALISTS and the third was that hideous London streets can be perfectly beautiful in an autumn dawn. I do not think I have ever seen that sky equalled. Overhead still lay the heavy gray pall of thin cloud, visible through the smoke-clear air ; but to the south- east it flushed through old-rose down to a burning red and gold and with faint blue streaks of cloud * variegating it like the colors of mother-of-pearl. It was as if some unimaginable glory was a-prepar- ing in heaven. Yet I knew perfectly well that I should be disappointed later. The promise would - not be fulfilled; the colours would die, not deepen, and a drab-colored day would once more reassert it- self over this splendid dawn, as surely as disillu- sionment succeeds to youthful love. I suppose that persons who walk abroad occa- sionally at this unheard-of hour are generally in- clined at such times to a priggish sententiousness. I had already been swelling with pride and superi- ority for half an hour ; now I even went so far as to begin to reflect upon human life. Here was this great morning-secret into which I had been initi- ated — the secret that London sleeps and that yet J the world continues! How childish, I told myself, that people should ever be bewildered with human life, or be tempted to think that man's perceptions were adequate to absolute truth! Here was in- i finite air about me, alive with some silent smiling 4 Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS 5 Presence ; undreamed of space on every side flowed down again into those stone and stucco channels from which for an hour or two festering human- ity had been withdrawn, as surely as the clean sea- water washes up the horrible drain-pipes that run into the sand from the insignificant little village on the cliff. How strange it was that these rabbit- * men and women who ran up and down those streets and who retired to snore in stuffy bedrooms when dark had fallen, should so live in the midst of mys- tery and yet not understand it. While I — I — a lover of the country, saw at a glance. . . . I perceived my own revolting sententiousness. and stooped once more to take up my bag. Even as I did so a step sounded sharply up from my left, and round the corner of the house, up the road which I was about to cross, came the figure of a young man. He looked at me for an instant as he passed, at my face under my clerical hat, my long overcoat, my bag and back again to my face. Then he was gone, and his steps rang along the pave- ment at my right. But I was interested in what I had seen. He is my hero. Let me describe him carefully, once and for all. First, he was plainly a gentleman, though in a re- markable costume. He was in a long, white frieze motoring overcoat; his boots were of a proper chest- Digitized by 6 THE CONVENTIONALISTS nut color; he had his hands deep in his pockets; he wore a Trilby hat, and a " Third Trinity " wool- len scarf was wrapped about his neck. He was slightly under six feet in height. What I had seen of his face was reassuring; he was no nocturnal reveler. His eyes were a clear kind of gray-blue, looking with a slightly puzzled expression out of a strangely clear complexion; his thin lips were fresh, and set in a determined line; and there had been in his face, as he had glanced at me, a kind of shy and courteous interest — neither the mask-like look of the carnal and conventional animal, nor the stu- pid intelligence of the fool. Later, I noticed one or two other things — that his jaw was very beau- tifully shaped and gave promise of extreme firmness ; its lower line was almost exactly at right angles to his throat; that his nose was really straight, with sensitive, fine nostrils, and that his chin had just the shadow of a cleft in the middle. I took up my bag, went a step or two forward and hesitated, looking after his retreating figure. Then I determined to go after him, with a vague kind of curiosity as to what he was doing abroad at that hour. Now, I had no sort of intention of speaking to 1 him ; indeed, there was no hope of my catching him up, but I thought it would add a kind of interest Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS to my pilgrimage, if I followed him so long as he went in the least in my direction. I could weave imaginations about him, too, which would serve to pass the time. But at the next street corner he was delivered into my hands. There stood at the angle a coffee-stall, just off the pavement; and a navvy had just set down his cup on the counter and was turning away. My young man, scarcely forty yards in front of me, hesitated an instant; then he dived briskly under the canvas roof, and I heard his voice requesting coffee. I, too, then followed him, set down my bag and de- livered the same order. It was a curious little place. Two men looked over the high counter raised on a platform. Be- hind them were shelves * filled with tin boxes and crockery. A couple of steaming pots stood between us with a regiment of thick-lipped cups, and three or four loaves of bread with a basin of butter stood beside them. A kerosene-jet flared noisily just out- side the shelter. The young man and I, standing a yard apart, as monks eat their jentaculum, ate in silence. The coffee was really delicious, hot and thick. I was still meditating whether I could introduce myself by offering a cigarette, when an old man stepped round the corner of the shelter and suggested carrying Digitized by 8 THE CONVENTIONALISTS my bag for me. I told him, No, looking at his bent old body and pinched face; but that he might have some coffee at my charges. While he ate and drank, my mind still labored on the question as to how I could speak to the young man. I really do not know why I wanted to; I suppose it must have been an unworthy curiosity as to his doings ; but finally it came about in a mo- ment. As I fumbled for the coppers I dropped two, and, after a pause of looking, the young man stooped and picked one up. I thanked him and after finishing my payment, offered first the old man and then the young one my cigarette case. Each took a cigarette; and, as together we three went out, I turned to the young man suddenly. " Are you going my way ? " I asked, indicating the street to the left. He smiled rather pleasantly and bowed with a kind of youthful dignity, and together we set off. I began by remarking on his scarf. " You are wearing what I should call ' Third Trinity* colors," I said. " Why, that's what they are ! " he said. " That's interesting," I went on. " Fm Eton and Trinity myself." That started him more or less, and I learned presently, though he was obviously a shy boy, that Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS he had just begun his third year; that he was go- ing to the Bar (I knew what that meant) ; that up to to-day he had been staying with his uncle in town ; that he was going down to his home, Crows- ton, in Sussex, that evening. All this came out gradually; he was not more than politely communi- cative; "and I had to help him out by telling him various facts about myself. He seemed interested to learn that I too was living in Cambridge; and presently he asked me if I were a don. I told him, No; and then I unmasked my first gun. "lama Roman Catholic priest," I said. " I am at the Catholic Rectory there." There was just that pause that I have become accustomed to expect on making that announcement, and then he said something, shy and polite, about our meeting up at Cambridge perhaps. " I shall be delighted," I said. " I never hunt people out for fear they should think I am prosely- tizing. But I am generally at home in the evening, if you care to look me up." I suppose the sense of mutual loneliness, engen- dered by walking together through empty streets, encourages communicativeness ; and by the time that we reached the beginning of the City, he had told me a good deal more, broken occasionally by that Digitized by io THE CONVENTIONALISTS kind of tremulous pause that I have noticed in con- versations with other people who have learned that I am a priest. Briefly, he was the second son of a country gen- tleman ; ... he had one brother older than himself, and another younger; ... his par- ents were both alive. He rowed in the second boat of " Third Trinity " ; . . . he was reading for the Law Tripos and hoped to get through. . . . He thought he liked Cambridge . . . He was accustomed to ride and shoot, but he wasn't much good at either. As we turned off by the Mansion House, the City was awake in earnest; the romance was gone, and the drab day had taken complete possession of all things. Yet I had not so far found out what I wanted. He said something about leaving me at the entrance of the bridge, and I fired my last shot. " Do tell me what on earth you are doing out at this hour?" He smiled rather shyly, and flushed very faintly. "Iam just taking a walk," he said. " I was out at three and shall get back to Queen's Gate for breakfast." "It is admirable. Do you often do it?" " Sometimes," he said. " I like it." At the beginning of the bridge he said good-bye. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS " Don't forget/' I said. " I shan't come and see you unless you come to see me first. My name is Benson ; and I live at the Catholic Rectory." " I shan't forget," he said. All across the bridge I was revolving theories. A young man walks abfoad from three to eight for one of two reasons. Either he is ill with sleepless- ness, and this one was not, or he is suffering from acute romance; and in this case he is in love, of a sort, either with an idea, or with a girl, or with God. That, then, was my first meeting with Algy Ban- ister. Digitized by PART I CHAPTER I (0 TVTISS MARY MAPLE was looking out of her ^ A bedroom window at Crowston shortly before half-past nine in the morning and wondering what she should talk about at breakfast. It was not an encouraging morning, for it had absolutely no dis- tinctive character whatever. The sky was gray and dull; the grass was of a usual green; and the woods to right and left were hesitating as to whether it was still late summer or whether they should vote for early autumn, and dress accordingly; in fact, a few impulsive spirits had already decided that it was absurd to remain quite green any longer. She thought she would say this, as she fingered the curtains a moment; then she reflected that it was really too elaborate for breakfast; it might possibly serve at a genial tea. In any case she was not sure that the Banister circle would in the least understand what she was talking about. She too stood rather in the position of the woods. 12 Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS Hitherto she had been certainly summer, a pleasant, flushed-faced summer, with brown-gold hair; but she was beginning to hesitate — her age was twenty- nine. It seemed to her sometimes as if she was being hardly treated by the Authorities. Certainly she looked her part all right, in a brown tailor- {. made dress, upright, steady- faced, sufficiently pretty and certainly dignified. She could act it, too, and loved it. She rode magnificently, shot on occasion just well enough to make men pleased with her, was competent at golf, could drive a motor and was quite good at parlor tricks and amateur theat- ricals ; but the difficulty was that she did not really know her spoken part. She was subject to moods which she could not control. Occasionally she felt so desperately bored that she sat almost dead-silent ; occasionally she talked just too cleverly for her friends. She positively read poetry now and then and knew a few arguments of the other side. It was very hard to hit the mean. Yet here she was planted by destiny in a succes- sion of country houses from July to March and in town from March to July, and time was passing. She had acknowledged to herself quite frankly by now that she wanted to be married ; in fact, she had known this for at least five years; and she knew also that nothing but a really comfortable kind of life would suit her. There -must be no nonsense Digitized by 14 THE. CONVENTIONALISTS about younger sons. . . . Theo Banister would have done very well. Her will, instructed by her understanding, had singled him out a year ago, and her affections had followed obediently though tran- quilly; but it seemed there was no reciprocation. Theo was a perfectly harmless, proper kind of man. She had met him a dozen times in town ; it was un- doubtedly through his means that she had been asked here a second year in succession ; and now this fool Algy had spoilt it all. It was impossible to preserve dignity with an uncouth schoolboy making eyes at her all day. This was what she said to herself in her severer moods, on such occasions as before breakfast or im- mediately after lunch; but there were other times when she felt rather sorry for him. He was plainly an excellent boy ; he was shy, rather incompetent — obviously considered the fool of the family — and entirely devoted. Even her irritation with him showed her interest, though she did not perceive this. If he had but been the eldest son he might really have done very well. He was a fresh, cour- teous boy; he would always be presentable, though not always graceful. . . . And he was coming back from town this evening. An old retriever plodded stiffly across the gravel, took up a position on the grass immediately in front of the front door, sat down, closed his eyes rever- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 15 ently and began to emit solemn barks, listening, as it were, to the echo of each through eternity. It seemed very significant and ceremonial. Mary smiled at him, left off twitching the curtain and went to the door. The retriever did very well as an opening for con- versation five minutes later as she sat between Theo and Harold ; and she had learned presently, with an air of intelligent interest, his age, name and the principal incidents of his career, all from Harold's eager lips. Algy had shot him once, it seemed, not seriously, in the hind quarters, thinking him to be a hare in the undergrowth. " Jolly funny sort of hare," said the boy vindic- tively ; and then, without indicating a change of sub- ject, " He's coming down again to-day, Miss Maple. Don't tell him I told you. He's only been up about some law business." " The Brasteds are coming by the same train," put in Theo, reaching across for the toast, "and Jack Hamilton. You know them well, don't you? " Mary assented. " She's a Catholic, isn't she ? " asked Harold, with large eyes. Again Mary assented. " She became one about five years ago," she said. As she went across to get some cold partridge, Digitized by Google 16 THE CONVENTIONALISTS the sense of despair came on her again. It was all so hopelessly the same. Here was this large and comfortable dining-room, Turkey carpeted and hung with portraits of solid Victorian and Georgian Ban- isters. There was a black marble mantelpiece; sil- ver dishes on the sideboard loaded with excellently cooked food ; an immense hot- water urn blotting out her hostess's face. All the people, too, were ex- actly like everybody else. Old Mr. Banister seemed what he was, a Justice of the Peace, an ad- mirable sportsman, a competent head of a household and estates. At first sight he looked as if he were in a perpetual passion. Mrs. Banister seconded him perfectly, performed her functions well and had about three other ideas in the world. Theo was a good third, who would make a first some day ; and Harold was also what he looked, a boy of nine- teen, fresh-faced, ardent and confidential. There was also another man and his wife of no importance, who were leaving that morning, and Sybil Mark- ham, a sort of cousin of the house, a really charm- ing girl of eighteen, looking exactly like a Gains- borough, with whom Harold was obviously in love. Then this evening there would be the Bras- teds — a faint consolation — Jack Hamilton and Algy. Yet Mary knew perfectly well that she could not be happy unless the wheels ran smoothly. Life was Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS tolerable in the midst of pleasant opulence — or, at any rate, it would be intolerable elsewhere. She could not imagine without horror an existence in which food was not perfectly cooked, or where other people's windows looked on to her own garden. She had had experience of it for the first fifteen years of her life, till her aunt had adopted her ; she did not wish to have it again. Yet undoubtedly she would some day, when her aunt died, unless she succeeded in establishing a right of her own. Theo seemed her last chance — and Theo, in brightly col- ored heather-stockings, was helping himself to ham. She went out after breakfast to see the sports- men off, an hour later. The unimportant man and his wife had spun off on the motor ten minutes be- I fore, thfe beaters were assembling on the gravel at the corner, and Mr. Banister was conferring with I the keeper. Harold came out in his homespun and gaiters and stood beside her. " We're going over there first — just through i the roots," he said, pointing out to the left. " Are ; you coming out to lunch ? " " I believe so," said Mary sedately, knowing per- fectly well why he had asked. " At any rate, Sybil ' and I are coming." 2 Digitized by Google 18 THE CONVENTIONALISTS Harold snicked open his gun punctiliously, and looked down the barrels with a critical eye. " I wish those other chaps would come in time," he said, " They're ten minutes late already." Theo came out almost immediately afterwards, a similar figure, with a large flat cap set above his ruddy face, and made the same remark; and Mary stood by him, leaning against the Corinthian pillar of the porch, presenting really a charming picture there. Out here in the dull light she did not look her age; her heavy masses of brown hair shone pleasantly with underlights of gold; her face had a warm morning flush, and her eyes seemed bright and interested. Her brown-clad figure showed to great advantage against the round white col- umn. " I wish I was a man sometimes," she said sud- denly. " How nice it must be to be dressed like that!" This was well on Theo's intellectual level ; and he made an obvious answer. It was like touching a spring. " At any rate, I'm coming out to lunch," she said; "and I shall borrow somebody's gun for a shot or two afterwards." She still stood watching as the group moved away at last across the grass, with the two late comers Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS still slightly apologetic. It was all so pleasantly picturesque; the long slope of grass crowned by pines against the sky a quarter of a mile away ; the russet colored figures moving across; the band of beaters vanishing with their white flags far off to the left to take their places for the drive — all so picturesque and so suggestive. And it all so nearly belonged to her, and just did not. Sybil came over just before they disappeared. " Oh ! Tm late," she said. " I didn't know : " Then the two stood watching. (n) After the train left East Croydon for the com- parative darkness of unsuburban country, Algy laid aside the " Westminster," crossed his right leg over his left, propped his cheek on his hand and his hand against the glass and settled himself down to lux- urious meditation. He was very much in love, and was delighted that he was alone in this first-class carriage; for it seemed to him almost impossible that his secret should not escape from him in a kind of luminous emanation. This past week had been intolerable to him. His Love had come to stay for a fortnight in his own home ; he had seen her for two days ; then he had been obliged to go up to town to his uncle's house about some business connected with Digitized by 20 THE CONVENTIONALISTS his future entrance into Law; and now there re- mained six days, Sunday to Friday inclusive, in which he would see her and live in her company. It had begun in the previous summer at a ball. He had seen her before that, but she had not risen upon him, so to speak, before that fateful night. He had positively danced with her, he had been conscious of various details which he had meditated upon ever since — the warm color qi her complex- ion, the gold lights in her hair, the shape of her hand and the extraordinary thrill of her eyes. She had been delightful to him ; she had even said that she enjoyed talking to somebody who understood what she meant. He had taken her to supper and to her carriage in the early dawn. He had gone home, not yet fully understanding what had hap- pened to him he had laid the gloves in which he had danced at the very back of his drawer, that they might not be worn again. He had fallen asleep to the phantom music of a band ; he had awakened the next morning, conscious instantly of her existence. It was this form, then, that love took in Algy — a form of idealism that had very little to do with facts. He had passed through Eton singularly un- scathed, and he still retained the capacity for clear adoration that often disappears with childhood. Nothing entered his head but this idealism. Mary was to him an almost wholly spiritual figure — an Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS intangible light radiating through a beautiful lan- tern. (I regret having to express it in this rather bombastic language, but I am unaware of any other. Perhaps it would be simpler at once to say that Algy's chief characteristic was an extreme purity.) Other new things had followed that beginning, exactly as they always do. The world was the same, yet he, in company with all other youthful lovers, had looked upon it now from a new angle, and it reflected marvelous shades and tints of light. Things that had appeared dull, which he had taken for granted, took upon themselves a new kind of reality. It was as when one places an uninteresting photograph in a diorama; details and principles be- come rounded and objective — they fall into fresh and vivid relations one with another. He began to understand now why it was right and proper that summer woods should be beautiful and sunsets should glow with entrancing color; why the dead stillness of a country night under a sky full of stars should have a voice; what it is that sets two dogs racing and biting on dewy grass. For the first time in his life he had begun to understand that the painting of pictures and the composing of music and the writing of poetry were not mere methods of passing the time or making money, but that there was an impulse beneath them that must materialize or die. Most significant of all, perhaps, and cer- Digitized by Google 22 THE CONVENTIONALISTS tainly rather unusual in such cases, was the fact that he had begun to say his prayers again and found in that practice a strange and bewildering joy. For, after all, the material world was not a series of col- ored objects, nor the moral a series of human ac- tions, nor time a progression, nor space an exten- sion; but all was one spirit expressing itself under these things, itself transcendent of them and it cul- minated, obviously, in a vast Parental Heart, from which all took its origin and in Whose embrace all lay poised. It seemed to Algy very remarkable that he had not been aware of all this before — even though he did not so formulate his emotions. His life, up to that June night, appeared totally bloodless and un- interesting; yet she had been in the world all that time (and, in fact, exactly eight years previously too). But all had been but as a drop-scene to a child — sufficiently interesting and yet not adequate to his desires. The painted castle and the sunset and the bulrushes — well, they were pretty toler- able, and when the lights were turned up, even charming; but the hour had struck, and the canvas had rolled up, showing by that action its own in- substantiality, and fairyland lay revealed in three dimensions instead of two — far more real even than common life because so far beyond ideals — Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS and in the very center of the stage a radiant Queen. Here, then, sat poor Algy in a first-class carriage on the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway. He first drew a number of mental pictures of the hall at home, where she would probably be sitting before the open fireplace as he came in five minutes before the dressing-bell rang. She might be in a tea-gown or she might not ; but, at any rate, her hands and hair and face would be a fixed quantity. He would stand and warm his back, he thought, for a little while and talk to her, looking down on her upturned iace. The dressing-bell would ring; but he would not go upstairs at once ; he would wait till twenty minutes to the hour. And so would she. Then there would be dinner; he would probably be able to sit next her and would tell her about his. week in town and hear the news of Crowston. He would drink enough wine to get over his shyness, of which he was perfectly aware and which he loathed and despised. When they met again in the draw- ing-room, he would not go to her at once ; it would be good to deny himself a little — not much, for, after all, he would be in the same room with her. Then he must give her her candle, himself. There must be no mistake about that. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS To-morrow morning? Yes; he would certainly go to the early celebration; he had begun that again. It was even conceivable, though perhaps not prob- able, that she would come too. How extraordina- rily sweet it would be if she did ! They would walk across the park in the dewy light, hearing the hush of Sunday; enter the little dark Norman church; kneel within a yard or two of one another, for surely no other member of the household would be there. Together they would pass up towards the warm light of the sanctuary. . . . And if she were not there, at least he would go; he could not have too much of love. ... Algy .did not get much beyond the immediate fu- ture. Of course he foresaw himself occasionally in his own house with her, and a child or two, all mov- ing in golden light ; but the steps necessary to this consummation — ways and means and income — he did not consider. Practically, too, he did not ask himself whether she loved him. She was kind to him; and that was all that was necessary just now. It was really impossible to him to doubt but that some day she would love him. His own emo- tion was so positive that the answer must certainly be there. So too must all the other necessary ele- ments be there — a pleasant house in the country, a carriage or two, a large shady garden and nothing Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS particular to do. These things were as surely de- manded as food and sleep, and therefore must be forthcoming. Otherwise, where is the argument from human instinct? So there he sat and contemplated, idealizing with all his might. He was feeling a little drowsy, for, after all, he had walked for nearly five hours at the beginning of the day, driven from his bed into the dark streets by the insistent goad of romance — and he was slightly bewildered as he stepped out on to the plat- form of Crowston. It was very dark, a fine rain was falling, his luggage was in an unexpected van ; and it was not till he positively ran into Lord Bras- ted at the entrance of the station that he remembered that guests were coming down by the same train. His first emotion was one of disappointment. It would complicate matters to have these people crowding about the house. There might even be a dinner party, which would be fatal to his schemes. But he behaved well and stood about in courteous attention upon Lady Brasted, letting the other two men do all the running about, and sincerely apolo- getic as soon as the last piece of luggage had been wheeled out in charge of the man and maid. Then he climbed last into the motor and sat down on the Digitized by 26 THE CONVENTIONALISTS end of the seat nearest the door, fitting his knees in between those of Jack Hamilton, who sat oppo- site. There was not much talking done on the way to the house. Algy had no conversational powers and was, besides, too full of expectation to exert him- self. So the four sat in the darkness and were whirled sideways in that slightly ignominious fash- ion that seems inseparable for a wagonette; once they all rose solemnly together as if to adjourn a meeting, and sat suddenly down again as the car rushed over a ridge in the country road. Through the glass window on his right Algy could see the flat cap of the chauffeur and the high collar of his coat against the white glare of the acetylene and, within, the pale profile of Lady Brasted under her hat. Jack made a remark or two of no importance, and Lord Brasted volunteered a conjecture as to the horse- power of the motor. Algy was able neither to con- firm nor deny his statement. So the lodge gate was passed and the deep dip among the rhododendrons and the pond where a pale swan lay poised as above an unfathomable gulf of darkness ; then came the rush out from the trees and the sight of a couple of rabbits sitting up scared in the white light across the grass ; then trees again and the first view of the lighted house beneath them in the valley, and at that sight Algy's anticipation Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 27 rose keener yet, and he pressed his knees together tightly with his hands between them. Getting out was a somewhat clumsy affair. Algy still had a good many corners left on him; he trod once upon Jack Hamilton's toes and slipped upon the step, and, when he was finally out, stood alone rather helplessly while the rest descended into the pleasant light from the open hall door. Then he followed them, with a strange tightening at his throat ; but the hall was empty. He hung about while the rest went through into the inner hall, dawdling over his coat, and hesitat- ing whether or not to ask where the others were. " Mr. Theo anywhere about? " he said at last dip- lomatically as the man hung up his hat. " Mr. Theo's in the billiard-room, I think, sir." He still hesitated, standing on the rug and spread- ing his hands mechanically to the blaze. Then he stepped briskly away, passed through the swing door and went down the passage towards the bil- liard-room. There was a click and a whir and a loud excla- mation as he opened the door. " Fourteen, three," said Mary's voice. But there was no kind of sensation as he made his appearance. Mary was that moment addressing herself to a stroke and made no movement beyond a slight raising and dropping of her eyes. Theo was Digitized by 28 THE CONVENTIONALISTS standing on the hearthrug chalking his cue viciously and nodded very curtly to his brother. A pair of knees and the back of a volume of " Punch " de- noted that Harold was lying on his back on the leather seat by the fire. Then Mary played, can- noned, and, still without a look, passed around the table, looking earnestly at the balls. She played again, missed her stroke, and came towards him. " So you are back? " she said. "... No, I missed that." A face looked over the " Punch." " Is Jack come? " " Yes ; and the Brasteds," said Algy, taking up his position on the middle of the hearth-rug with an odd kind of disappointment at his heart. This was not at all in accordance with his rehearsal. "Out of the light, Algy," said Theo genially. " Miss Maple wants to mark." It was a very depressing few minutes that fol- lowed. Harold was gone; and Theo and Mary seemed all-sufficient to themselves, entirely en- grossed in their game and paying no more atten- tion to Algy than occasionally to ask him to mark this or that. The dressing-bell rang, but he des- perately hung on, watching now his brother in his Norfolk jacket and dress trousers, now making a dreary remark or two and studiously keeping his Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS eyes off the girl in the tea-gown except when he was quite certain that nobody was looking at him. Once Theo asked him whether he had settled everything all right in town, and once, by extreme dexterity, he was able to supply Mary with the chalk; but this was his sole reward. It was almost impossible to pretend that he was wanted. " I advise you to look sharp, old chap," said Theo at last; " it's after ten too." " Yes ; Fd better go and dress," said Algy drearily. cm) Harold was a successful individualist. He pur- sued his own way, had personal relations with keep- ers and men-servants, saw that his errands were done, made love to Sybil, retired from the company, got the warm corners within and without doors which he wanted — he did all this and yet he was not unsociable. He had a way with him when he joined himself to his fellows that compensated for his previous self-sufficiency. He was so pleasant that his profound egotism did not matter. Theo was his precise complement. He, on the other hand, had no intelligent existence apart from other people. He was stupendously bored when he was alone; he read no books, had no private affairs and lived only in company. It was not a brilliant Digitized by 30 THE CONVENTIONALISTS life, though it was sufficiently harmless. It com- prised dressing suitably, understanding about horses and guns, behaving respectably, assenting passively to the beliefs and motives of his own people. He knew the proper moment to offer whisky, the best tailors and bootmakers, the names of distinguished actresses and the pedigree of sporting dogs. He never speculated on what did not concern him; he thought poetry to be nonsense, though he managed not to say so very often ; he was bored by the super- natural, yet considered the establishment a necessary department of human life. He told coarse stories to the proper people; three years ago he had, mor- ally speaking, mildly run amuck in London; but he had now left these things behind him with conspicu- ous success. " Good form " was for him the whole duty of man — a deposit of solidity was beginning to be precipitated upon him, body and mind. Both these brothers, therefore, were exactly suit- able to the life they lived. Harold was supposed to be coaching for the army ; Theo was supposed to be learning the management of the estate and every autumn accompanied his father on horseback to mark trees. Now Algy was not so happy in his vocation. He was individualistic without being self-sufficient like Harold ; he was sociable without the inglorious suc- cess of Theo. He depended too much on other peo- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS pie to develop his lines in loneliness; he possessed ' too much character to fit smoothly into wholly con- ventional surroundings. This evening the smoking-room presented a kind of section of all this to the observant student of hu- man nature. t On the right of the fire sat Old Mr. Banister, with his sunset complexion well set off by his white shirt- front and his velvet coat. He handled his cigar as an artist his paint-brush — delicately, reverently, and with apathy — administering smoke to himself and observing the progress of his ash as interestedly as a painter his picture, or a gardener an aspiring orchid. It was part of his evening's work to smoke one cigar as well as possible, to make the most of it, to appreciate every development. About four min- utes after the stump had been laid aside was the proper moment for whisky, which he dispensed to experienced friends with a kind of sacerdotal seri- ousness. On the chair opposite sat Lord Brasted, another veteran of the smoking-room who knew when to say what, how far praise should go, when silence was eloquent, and how far the young men should be de- ferred to. The two were as Knights of the Round Table who understood one another perfectly. Each deferred to each on certain subjects. Lord Brasted was the specialist on motor-cars; his host on the Digitized by Google 32 THE CONVENTIONALISTS management of a country estate. Each, too, had his squire this evening. Jack Hamilton sat by his cou- sin, in a quilted smoking-coat, his hands in his pockets, one long leg, ending in a neat sock and shoe, cocked towards the blaze, well-bred, silent and intelligent. His hair was perhaps the most charac- teristic thing about him. It was black, glossy, and perfectly smooth. It resembled a neat wig. It was impossible to conceive of it as ruffled. Theo sat behind his father, obviously the son of the house, ready to light the candles at the proper moment, full of shrewd comment on the somewhat limited sub- jects before the house, with the peculiar glazed com- plexion of a sanguine young man who lives out of doors. Harold was almost invisible behind the guests' chairs, his elbows on his knees, deep in " Badminton " on climbing — a sport of which he had had no experience. Thoughts of Sybil Mark- ham moved pleasingly before him as he studied the almost incredible pictures x>i persons in knicker- bockers ascending rocky aretes. He had not spoken a word for twenty minutes. And poor Algy sat in the middle, in a chair with- out arms, pulling hard at cigarettes, attempting to join in the conversation, longing to go to bed, recog- nizing with a kind of fury at himself that he was not in the least at his ease. They were talking about guns just now. Lord Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS Brasted had asked an intelligent question, implying his own inexperience, and Theo, corroborated by his father's pontifical nods from time to time, was de- livering a little discourse, helped out by anecdotes and statistics. It was all appallingly serious. The gravity was as of priests over casuistry, or doctors over a new treatment of an old disease, or artists over a new school. Some one, it seemed, had is- sued a treatise on the degrees of left-barrel " choke " best adapted to a variety of circumstances, illus- trated by diagrams, and a controversy was in full blast in certain pink papers. Something or other, Algy gathered, was going to be revolutionized ; and one part of him understood that he ought to be ac- quainted with such a subject. After all, he 're- flected, all this was a principal element in his life and engaged the absorbed attention of his elders. Yet there was another part of him that protested; and he was almost astonished at the energy of the protest. " You see," said Theo seriously, " it's all a ques- tion of the average distance of the bird. Of course, that will vary with different people." Lord Brasted nodded two or three times. "You can rule out the question of walking up, nowadays," said Theo, " and that simplifies it. It's not like the old days, when the second barrel always meant from ten to fifteen yards increase of distance." 3 Digitized by Google 34 THE CONVENTIONALISTS " I understand that," said the guest solemnly. Algy sighed, rather too loudly; and his father looked at him. But he paid very little attention, for the revolu- tionary sprit was uppermost just now. It seemed to him, with his newly awakened perceptions, really extraordinary that such a subject should be treated at such length. Here were four young men — for even Jack Hamilton had made a remark or two — entirely absorbed in the question. They had been talking on it for nearly twenty minutes, previously to which they had discoursed chemical manures for forty more. And this was a typical evening. As he looked back over the five years during which he had been an inmate of Olympus, he could never re- member any other sort of conversation; but this was the first time that interior protest had become artic- ulate within him. The conduct of the meeting ran on its regular lines. His father always sat in that leather chair, the principal guest opposite. The consumption of a cigar occupied as nearly as possi- ble three-quarters of an hour, then came the pause, then the whisky; then, after a ruminative interval, the Ite Missa est was pronounced in an unvarying formula; and all the while these subjects were dis- < cussed in a rotatory form of argument. No par- ticular conclusion was ever arrived at; it made no difference to anybody, ever; and yet this, it seemed, Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS was the recognized and approved method of spend- ing the last hour of the day. Of course there were variations — entrees, as it were, between the solid courses — anecdotes occasionally of a certain char- acter, the discussion of certain kinds of people, and the rest ; but the main features were the same. Algy sighed agaift. " You're sleepy, my boy," said his father genially. " How about turning in? " "Oh! I'm all right," said Algy hastily; and he # removed his legs. Theo was off again now, retracing his argument ; but Algy, in a kind of revolt, deliberately withdrew his attention. He had had a disappointing evening. Mary had been far from him at dinner ; there was even a fern between them. He had sat next Sybil, with Harold beyond her, and the clergyman's wife on his right. It had been astonishingly dreary. The drawing- room had not been much better; he had even been reduced to examining books upon the round table, for Mary and Lord Brasted had entertained one another agreeably at the further end of the room. It was not in the least what he had rehearsed in the train, and in his very soreness he had been driven inwards. In a kind of despair he had wandered, back at last into the ante-room, where obviously he was even less wanted than anywhere else, for he had Digitized by 36 THE CONVENTIONALISTS run straight into the middle of a confidential inter- view between Harold and Sybil, and relations be- tween him and his brother were slightly embittered in consequence. Harold had told a genial story against him publicly during the ceremony of candle lighting. And now the heavy air of the smoking- room completed his discomfort. What, after all, he asked himself now, as he sat waiting for the break-up, was the object of all this elaborate existence? Roughly speaking, sixteen hours in each day were consumed in laboriously do- ing nothing of any importance and the remaining eight in recuperating energy to spend sixteen more in the same way. Six hours of the sixteen were employed in painstaking efforts to kill something in as complicated a way as possible, about four more in consuming food, and the rest in various processes by which all these other things might be done in as perfect a way as possible — dressing and undress- ing, smoking, giving orders, making preparations, talking and standing about — that was really the day. And the remarkable thing was that this was nor- mal, not exceptional : it was the life towards which, apparently, education was directed. It was lived by all persons who could afford to do so. A man who so lived from the age of twenty-three to that of ninety was held by the world to have lived well. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS His father so lived ; Theo was beginning so to live. Younger sons lived other lives because they were younger sons and were compelled to do so. . . And so," ended Theo at last, " it seems to me that we shall have to make a change. Ardine Maxwell was saying so one day last week. It'll have to come." Mr. Banister shook his head obviously, pushed his empty tumbler aside and stood up. " Well," he said, using the formula, " how about turning in? " Harold shut his book briskly and came forward. " I think it's all rot," he said cheerfully. " Don't you agree, Algy?" This was plainly derisive ; and Algy too stood up uncomfortably, affecting not to hear. " You're so jolly interesting," went on his annoy- ing brother. " A positive babbler." " Move there," said Mr. Banister pacifically. Digitized by CHAPTER II CCT ET'S sit down a minute," said Harold. *^ Sybil and he had wandered away from the ^ Sunday afternoon group on the lawn, step by step, hatless and desultory, sincerely unconscious of any purpose ; they had looked at the goldfish in the stone basin below the cedars a hundred yards away ; they had passed out through the wire gate and up the < grassy stoop between the promontories of the trees ; they had come right up beneath the whispering roof of beeches over the "russet ground of last year's leaves, to the point where four rises met in the heart \ of the wood. Here was an aged seat set back among the rhododendrons that bordered the Little Lake, facing straight down the tunnel up which they had come, and upon it they sat down. 1 It had been a Sunday precisely like all other Sun- \ days, so far. The males had come down in a long- -\ drawn procession to find the females at breakfast, and a Sunday air had pervaded all things, generated no doubt chiefly by the substitution of trousers for ' knickerbockers and the drowsy memory of church j bells heard an hour and a half previously There had followed an hour later another long-drawn proces- 38 Google Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS sion, through the gardens and down the park, to the church half a mile away — a procession whose head, consisting of Mr. Banister, Mary and Sybil, had appeared in church three minutes before service be- gan, and whose tail, brought up by Harold himself, had finally caused a reverent turning of heads to- wards the end of the Venite. Mr. Banister's brother was a Dean, and Crowston therefore was accustomed to see the squire's pew tolerably full. There had followed the usual indescribably lan- guid return, via the kitchen-gardens, back to the house, where Lady Brasted rushed out to meet them, returned five minutes before in the motor in which her husband had driven her to mass at Heron's Ghyll. The meditative groups had formed and re- formed on the terrace in the golden noon sunshine till the roar of the gong had drawn them indoors to satisfy the customary Sunday hunger, and then once more nothing particular had happened except the departure of the motor with three or four of the party. Harold had hung about with some anxiety until he heard Sybil's clear little voice announce that she would prefer to stroll about, and he had then hur- ried back to the smoking-room for a decent interval, whence he had viewed her alone on the terrace. He discerned his opportunity and took it, and here they were. Digitized by 40 THE CONVENTIONALISTS "He's rather a pious beggar, old Algy," said Harold, resuming his thread. " He was at church early this morning, you know." Sybil began to arrange brown leaves at her feet with the end of her sunshade. " Not my line, you know," he went on with a grandly tolerant air, " though I have no objections to it." A wood-pigeon in some rustling tower of leaves overhead began a-cooing and stopped abruptly as if he had suddenly thought of something else. " I say, Sybil, when are you going away? " " Oh — er — Tuesday," said the girl deliberately, still engaged upon her pattern. Harold sighed softly. "Why can't you stop a bit longer?" he de- manded. Sybil finished her design. " There," she said. Harold looked at it with ill-disguised impatience. " Why can't you stop a bit longer ? " he repeated. " Because I've got to go home," she said, with the same annoying deliberateness. Harold began to swing a foot. " I believe you're pleased to go," he said. Sybil looked at him with a sort of critical interest. The circumstances made her feel very grown-up in- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS deed ; she thought she was behaving with admirable discretion. " Of course, I'm always pleased to go home, ,, she said. Harold, too, was enjoying himself, though he told himself he was not. Sybil was always like this now. A year ago they had been excellent friends. They had ridden together like two boys, talking inces- santly at the tops of their voices, arriving late for meals, flushed and excited, vanishing again on mys- terious affairs at the earliest opportunity. That had all been as natural as possible. Then a color had come into their relations, as faint and yet as decisive as the first tint of sunset across the normal blue of the sky, and Sybil's behavior had instantly shown a change of complexion. Harold's first shock had been in the previous Christmas holidays, when he had demanded that Sybil should accompany him to the roof of the house at midnight to see the old year out. He had been aware of a certain thrill of excitement as he had made his request (for he had asked nobody else to come with them), and he was quite startlingly disappointed when she had re- fused. It was from that fatal night that Harold dated his sorrows. She had been really tiresome ever since then, he told himself in despondent moods. Digitized by 42 THE CONVENTIONALISTS Yet at the same time he was aware that her com- panionship gave him quite a new kind of pleasure. Four years ago, when she had first come to Crow- ston, on the footing of a sort of third-cousin-by marriage-who-needed-companions-of-her-own - age, he had been bored by the feminine intrusion; then there had developed friendliness, and finally this new relationship that was quite different from all else. She came about twice a year, but he had never felt quite the same sort of dismay at the prospect of her departure. And here she was now being as tire- some as ever, and there were only two days more. He racked his brain for reproaches. " I think you might be more decent," he said, " considering there's only to-morrow left." " What do you mean ? " She was looking at him with her grave Gains- borough, high-browed eyes, and was astonished to see the annoyance suddenly become real. " Oh ! this is too much," he said, and stood up. She became aware then that it was something else that annoyed him, and, following his eyes, saw a figure walking very fast towards them down the sun-frecked ride, swinging a stick. There was no hope for it. Algy must come right up to them. There was no other way. She only hoped he would not be tactless enough to stop. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS The incessant bickerings between these two were beginning to distress her. Besides, it was rather distressing to her to see the way in which the elder always got the worst of it. Algy marched upon his doom unheeding. " I say, I've lost Toby," he said, a dozen yards away. " You haven't seen him ? " Harold said nothing, but looked vindictive. " He went after a rabbit," went on Algy genially, unconscious of offense. " I wish you would go after a rabbit," said Har- old bitterly. "You needn't be offensive, anyhow," snapped Algy, flushing and moving off. Harold uttered a short laugh. It was characteristic of these two to speak in de- tached symbols. All connecting phrases had, through long interchanges, become eliminated. One brother played a counter and the other another, and the game ended in a manner bewildering to the out- sider who did not know the game and saw nothing decisive arrived at. But Sybil had seen these two in company sufficiently often to understand the rules. In this case Algy had been off his guard, Harold had attacked effectively, Algy resisted clumsily, and Harold made a swift sign of victory. That was all. She waited until the homespun figure vanished Digitized by 44 THE CONVENTIONALISTS round the turn of the tunnel, and while his footsteps among the leaves were still audible she spoke, fidget- ing with her sunshade and looking down. " You were offensive, you know," she said. " Well, why can't the beggar keep away? " burst out Harold. " He's always running his nose in everywhere." Sybil was silent. She knew perfectly well that her sympathies were with this one ; he was so much more easy and brisk and attractive. Algy always had been a little clumsy and apart from this world. But she was sorry for him, too. " I don't know what's the row with him," said Harold again. " He doesn't seem to belong some- how. He was just like that at Eton, too." " You have left, haven't you ? " He nodded. " Yes ; end of last half. Going up to the House next month." They were in smooth water again now. Harold sat down once more in the warm gloom, and the two talked as before. The conversation would not have been worth reporting. It was of the kind that twenty thousand couples of boys and girls alone know how to carry on; it was not about anything in particular; it circled round small events and re- turned always to the same two centers, to Her or to Him. She was clever and he was clumsy, she par- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 45 ried" and he attacked, she was mistress of the situa- tion and he was not master. A small, panting, wiry-nosed dog ran into them of a sudden out of the bushes with the air of a privileged poacher, lay down on an outskirt of the girl's dress, and cleaned himself; and # she paid him ostentatious, physical attentions, but her patting and pulling were purely mechanical, and the dog understood it, though the boy did not. They looked really charming, these two, framed in the dark green of rhododendrons; flecks of warm sunlight moved on her white dress and his brown holland; faint woodland sounds — the crowing of pheasants, the buzz of flies, the breathless patter of a reconnoitering rabbit, the li- quid rush of a coot across the pond behind them — these made melody in the air about them. Toby was satisfied after a while, though he had omitted to clean the bridge of his nose, and, sighing, displayed a pinkish stomach to the breeze, lulled by the warmth and the sounds and the protective hu- man fellowship, and it was not until, hot in pursuit of a dream-rabbit, he began to kick violently among the dry leaves that Sybil remembered that tea would be ready on the lawn. "Darling, wake up," she said suddenly to the terrier. " Time for tea ! " They went down together very slowly, walking Digitized by Google 46 THE CONVENTIONALISTS about a yard apart, she trailing her sunshade with a pleasant rustling behind her, he with his hands in his jacket-pockets, eying this and that on either side, regretting that the afternoon was gone. It was not that he had any definite programme; he was a much younger son, she had about twopence a year of her own and no prospects ; but his dreams so far as they were formulated took the form of an income in the City and a small house in Kensington. There was no reason why that should not be reached five years hence. " What are you going to do after tea? " he asked as they passed up towards the big cedar. " I must go to my room," she said. (n) Algy had passed a lonely afternoon, and had en- joyed himself vastly until his encounter with Harold. Mary had gone in the motor so, obviously, the best thing to be done was to go into the deep woods and think about her. He had called at the stables for Toby, since Toby would not require any conversa- tion, and had gone straight across the park behind the house to a certain pine-topped slope above the village. It was really a superb afternoon, and he passed a very pleasant hour among the trees, lying on the needles, smoking a couple of cigarettes and looking Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 47 out through the mellow air between the ruddy stems down to the red-roofed village and squat Norman church that drowsed in the hazy sunlight half a mile away and below. Toby was, after all, a slight dis- traction, since it was necessary to see that he did not stray, but when Algy had seen him completely set- tled down with a noise like the panting of a small and feverish steam-engine to the excavation of an almost indefinitely deep rabbit-hole, he gave himself up to tranquil meditation. This turned, of course, chiefly upon Mary. It was pleasant to have, as it were, a center to which he could withdraw from all those other rather annoy- ing persons who interrupted his actual intercourse with her, and he pleased himself with constructing endless settings in which he and she should some day live in uninterrupted bliss. This was a long busi- ness and involved many side-issues. He considered the kind of house where they should live, the course of life, the hours for meals, the arrangements of the rooms — in fact, all the tiny details and none of the principles. In the course of this he dwelt for a little on the people staying in the house, looking at them with wonder — at Lord Brasted, that stout and genial nobleman who should have been born a chauffeur, a man who had found his vocation for the first time with the invention of automobiles; his wife, that Digitized by 48 THE CONVENTIONALISTS zealous convert to Popery, in itself a strange and impossible religion, who stood like a distinguished arum-lily with its head on one side, and a red- crossed prayer-book; on well-bred Jack, who said nothing and did less and yet appeared to fulfill almost perfectly some undefined function in life, since every one was pleased with him. His own family, too, came under review, persons of activity and energy who accomplished nothing. He re- viewed his meditation of the previous evening. And, finally, there was himself. Now, it was perfectly true that he, too, did nothing particular; but he had discerned, at any rate, what was to be done. He was to marry Mary. This, again, he perceived was, strictly speaking, not any- thing superficially different from what his father had done and what the other males of his acquaint- ance had done or would do. But it was Mary that made the difference. To marry Mary was to be, rather than to do; and Doing, after all, is only of value so far as it contributes to Being. This, then, is the point of existence, he perceived. To Be. At this point he thought that he had made a new discovery, and sat up to congratulate himself upon it. And overhead, like a ruined roof, the dusky fans ex- panded into the clear liquid of the sunlit air, and Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS beneath him drowsed the village, and about him was the breathing life of a myriad beings of every order, from the stubborn root of the pine beneath his knees to the energetic hind-quarters of Toby, half disap- peared into a sandy pit a dozen yards away. . . . Being, he said to himself again; and what is that? • • * Algy made quite a number of discoveries that afternoon, formulating to himself, under the stimu- lus of his sentiments, a quantity of thoughts hith- erto only half-perceived. It was not strange that Religion, dogmatic and emotional, was the frame of many of them, and even more than the frame. His rediscovery of God, a couple of months before, had been a real experience, and to-day he saw, after a manner unfamiliar to him, that the Creator was not so wholly disconnected from Creation as he had been accustomed to believe. There was plainly something, he thought, holding all together, as force held matter, and since included with matter was conscious Being, included also with force must be something that was, at the lowest, conscious Being. Of course, Mary was his microcosm. It was she herself that gave such infinite value to her hands, her eyes, her hair, to her buckled shoes and the faint scent of her dress, even to her door at night as he 4 Digitized by SO THE CONVENTIONALISTS went past it on tip-toe. Then what, the solemn metaphysician asked himself, gave value to her? • • • He relaxed his clasped knees as he put this ques- tion to himself and lay back once more, staring up with his clear, puzzled eyes, under his tilted Panama, into the clear sky, crossed now and again by black specks of sentient being called gnats. . . . Why then, he said, this is the point of God's existence — to give an eternal and infinite value, as well as an origin, to all that is. Such was Algy Banister's first glimpse of the Absolute. . . . It must have been nearly four o'clock before he moved. Toby, wearied at last of his pathetic quest after the Absolute Rabbit and lying all abroad un- der a bracken fan, rose and stretched each hind leg, trembling with tenseness, to an almost incredible length in a dog so small, before trusting himself to face a further walk; but Algy hardly noticed him. The world to him had that strange aspect of unre- ality which it always wears after prolonged and drowsy thought in the open air, but it seemed sacra- mental as well, an unsubstantial presentment of something else. He went briskly along the mossy ride, seeing on his left the blue landscape rise and fall with his steps beyond the saplings and on his right the deep hum- ming woods, only half-conscious of the excursions Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS of the refreshed Toby, who with a furtive, interested air scurried in and out of the undergrowth. He felt that he had arrived at profound truths — truths, whose bases and shaggy sides he had seen before amid cloudwreaths of distraction, now visible and soaring into the illimitable sky. He had seen them more than once during his silent London walks be- neath the flushing dawn, when there seemed to be a space and a stillness about him not usually obtain- ! able. I do not think he was a prig; he did not be- lieve himself especially favored, or especially pleas- ing to every one: he only regarded with interest what he seemed to see. At about a quarter of a mile from the Little Lake he became aware of the absence of Toby ; but it was useless to spend time over him. He whistled half a dozen times; he went back a few steps; he listened to the autumn hum of the woods. Then he passed , on, unkhoyving, to his encounter. He was extremely angry as he left the two again, and strode down towards the house. Harold was not usually so offensive in company. What made it worse was that he knew that he himself had been to blame to some extent. Yet also he knew that an interruption of that kind from Theo would not have even tempted Harold to annoyance. Here was a new train of thought, or rather an old one retrod- den. He asked himself hopelessly, as his wrath Digitized by 52 THE CONVENTIONALISTS subsided, why it was that he was never at his ease and. in what lay the secret of his clumsiness. There was his younger brother, fully as brusque as him- self, yet^^piehow accepted in company as a pleasing addition^*There was Theo, far heavier, he knew well enough, in perception and intuition, yet always a tolerable companion. Above all, he despaired when he thought of Jack Hamilton, of his well-bred tact, his unruffled seventy and his well-brushed hair. In a kind of passion of angry introspection he wheeled off once more opposite the garden gate and turned up among the bracken at a point whence he could command both the garden entrance on one side and the carriage drive on the other (it might be that the motor party would return for tea), and threw himself down there once more. The Absolute seemed retired once more beyond the sky ; there was no Unity anywhere. Being was all very well, but Doing unfortunately was its ex- pression ; and if Doing was a series of blunders — He soothed himself once again by a visualization of Mary and by a passive yielding of himself to the fragrant peace of the woods and looked out com- paratively at peace twenty minutes later, himself unseen, at Harold and Sybil accompanied by the ter- rier, as they passed within fifty yards of him. "Don't forget to-morrow morning, then," said Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS Harold as he opened the gate; "they'll be off by ten, and then — " The clash of the gate drowned the rest, . and a murmur only followed as the steps up the gravel path towards the house. But even the half sentence deepened his loneliness. He lay there an hour more, till the evening breeze stole up from the west and set the bracken a-shiver. Tea did not matter, he told himself; besides, he could have some when the motoring party returned. Meanwhile he would like to get to the bottom of his meditations. But there was no sound from the hill down which the wheels must come; and there did not seem any more material to formulate beyond the fact that God was the Absolute and gave its value to everything. It sounded trite put into words, but he was deeper than words, and knew it. He had hold upon something, he thought, of which the crowded physical life of the woods, his own long, pulsating limbs and breathing lungs, even the very images formed by him of the Unimaginable were but the fringe of a superficies. The restlessness generated by that thought and the chilly breath across the fern combined to make him sit up. No ; he would not go back to tea ; he would take another round and be back before sunset. Then his own hand on his own knee attracted his Digitized by Google 54 THE CONVENTIONALISTS attention — sinewy, brown and long fingered. Tljat too, then, signified something — some tiny detail of thought from the Absolute Mind. He looked at his fingers wonderingly, and instantly thought of Mary's. Then the train of ideas was < broken and he stood up, stretching himself, till his muscles cracked and the blood rushed to his head. Yes ; he would have another walk and go back to the house presently. It was all terribly unhealthy ! < (in) It is time to * more explicit about Mrs. Banister, and that is a difficult task. She may best be pic- tured by a series of negations. She was not hand- < some, nor tall, nor clever, nor stout ; neither was she repulsive, nor short, nor stupid, nor thin. She was a kind of Least Common Multiple of the female nature. Perhaps the two positive things that can be said of her was that her front teeth slightly pro- 1 truded and that she was possessed of a certain placidity, and even that was more the negation of irritability than an actual virtue in itself. People became aware of its presence, as of an invisible rock, when waves of circumstance beat against it in vain. < When tea was over on this Sunday evening she remained in her chair, while one by one the others dispersed. It is to be presumed that a succession of Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS thoughts passed through her mind, and, if so, it may be assumed that they were of a disconnected and unemotional nature. She became aware, after a certain period, that the garden gate leading down the grass avenue to the village clashed; and looking in that direction with her pale blue eyes she descried a minute or so later, the white figure of Sybil, alone, moving slowly up- wards towards the woods. A train of thought was ignited — or rather it be- gan gently to smoulder . . . Harold . . . Theo and Mary . . . incomes . . . professions . . . Algy ... she paused on the last point, for he always puzzled her a little, contem- plated almost passively his faint air of Ugly Duck- ling, wondered where he was; then, as a relief, passed on again to Harold and his brisk activities . . . his homespun suit ... his sunburn- ing. . . . At six o'clock the bells began from the church half a mile away among the trees. It was very Sunday evening. The light was actually golden; the park, with its long grass-slopes seen beyond the terrace and the trooping woods above, had that appearance of extraordinary opulence of life and tranquillity that seems the peculiar possession of English es- tates. High above the pines against the sky, be- neath which Algy had meditated this afternoon, Digitized by 56 THE CONVENTIONALISTS specks wheeled and dropped, and a solemn vesper cawing began from the elms behind her. A door shut somewhere ten minutes later, there was the sound of footsteps on gravel, and she saw moving churchwards through the gardens two maids escorted by a man. All this vaguely con- tented her, especially as she did not propose to go to church again herself. It was plainly her duty to wait for the motor-party. Then she wondered when the party would be back and thought she would go indoors, as the shadow of the house had already reached her. About ten minutes later, as she rustled slowly up the first flight of stairs, she heard a sound that made her pause to see whether by any chance it was the throb of the motor coming down the drive. But, instead, it was quick steps coming up the stone stairs that led up from the garden into the house, up which she herself had just come, and an instant later Sybil came through and stopped suddenly, looking up at her. The girl's face was strangely white, and her lips shook. " Mrs. Banister/' she said breathlessly. Then she suddenly sat down on one of the hall-chairs. " My dear ! " cried the elder lady, and rustled down again. But Sybil was up, looking at her with in odd tremulousness, putting out her hands. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 57 1 " It is all right," said the girl, still in that breath- less voice. " He's all right now . . . they're bringing him along. He's all right." A door banged overhead, and before Mrs. Ban- ister could speak the cheerful voice of Harold broke in from overhead. But his mother had turned and was looking, with rather a bewildered apprehensive- ness, at a small procession of three who appeared at that moment coming through the wide door at the head of the garden stairs up which Sybil had run just now. The footman, whom Mrs. Banister had seen just now on his way to church, came first, carrying a battered Panama hat. Algy came next ; and behind him fluttered a pale housemaid in her Sunday clothes. Algy looked rather odd and swayed a little as he came; but he resolutely turned aside the footman, who seemed to wish to support him, and came for- wards across the stone-flagged passage. He cer- tainly looked odd, extremely white, with various stains about his nose and mouth and very bright eyes, of which one was a little bloodshot. " My dear boy," said his mother, perturbed as a cow might be at a waved handkerchief — perturbed, not agitated. Algy made a little gesture ; but it had in it a touch of triumph as well as of bewilderment. Digitized by 58 THE CONVENTIONALISTS " I'm all right, mother," he said rather hoarsely, and his eyes wandered to Sybil, who was standing again looking at him. " By George ! " came a genial voice from the stairs. " What's the matter with your nose, old man ? " A sound broke from the girl's mouth. " I'm all right," said Algy again. " A black- guard — Miss Sybil will tell you." He went on, smiling in a strange one-sided way, as if he was a little drunk, and put his hand on the banister ; but there was still an air of triumph. " I'll just go and wash this off," he said, with a desperate attempt at off-handedness, and began, still holding to the banisters, to mount the stairs. " My dear boy ! " said his mother feebly. " What have you been doing? " " She'll tell you," he said. But Mrs. Banister went after him; and the two below stood in dead silence, listening to a murmur of question and answer ascending. Then Harold made a grotesque face of bewilder- ment; and the next instant Sybil was down on her chair, sending out peal after peal of hopeless, hyster- ical laughter. She struggled to stop. The footman, who was still standing respectfully alert, holding the straw hat, suddenly looked down Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 59 his nose and was presently gone. Harold stared, amazed at his success. The door from the outer hall opened — no one had heard the arrival — and Mary and Theo came through and stopped, aston- ished. The voices of the Brasteds were heard from outside. And still the hall rang with laughter. Sybil, with her head back and her hands clutching her sides, rocked and swayed with it; tears were streaming down her cheeks, and still she laughed; through it came words, terribly distinct, disconnected, and spasmodic. . . . " He looked so funny — so funny — it was in the road — the man knocked him down — rude to me — I ran away — he came after — his hat — his hat. Then you made that face — oh! he looked so funny — " This was real hysteria ; and Mary was on her like a cat, shaking, scolding, frowning; then suddenly Harold laughed too, one loud roar, and stopped, portentously grave, as Theo stepped forward. It was one of those scenes that fall without warn- ing from the sky, utterly unexpected and irresistible. It was a combination of circumstances that must have their way; and certainly Algy had looked ex- tremely ludicrous. And still Sybil rocked and moaned with laughter on the chair, and Mary shook and scolded. Digitized by 60 THE CONVENTIONALISTS Harold, in a kind of desperate discretion, looked vaguely upwards, and then, for the first time, ap- peared to realize that Algy must have heard it all ; for, as he looked, he saw him turning away from the gallery overhead, with his mother still beside him, and there was an odd look on that queer, one-sided face. Harold still stood a moment, conscious of a very clear stab at his heart and understanding, as in a kind of intuition more than from Sybil's sobbing words, what it was that had happened. He perceived that Algy had behaved decently for once — so he would have expressed it — and that he had behaved extremely badly in laughing. He understood that ..Sybil had been insulted and that Algy had fought for her; and in a kind of fury of contrition and in- dignation, and even envy, he turned and ran up- stairs, just as the Brasteds appeared from the outer hall. Algy's room was in a dark passage opening out of the gallery above the hall, and Harold, running along it, almost ran into his mother. She appeared to be standing at the door, trying the handle. Then she shook it. " My dear boy," she said for about the fifth time. " Let me in. . . . You must bathe your f ace." There was no answer. Harold, breathing beside her in the dusk, heard from the hall beneath one last Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 61 sobbing bubble of laughter, and then Mary's voice, very stern and severe. " Let me in," said Mrs. Banister again. (He listened intently, ashamed and miserable; but there was no sound.) " I shall fetch your father," she said. A very deliberate voice, rather hoarse, came from within the room: " Mother, please go away. ... I will wash my face and come very soon." " Will you have some arnica? " " No, thank you." Mrs. Banister released the handle and moved off, still gravely perturbed with silence; and Harold, standing alone, heard her voice mingling itself with Mary's in admonition. He waited a moment, still listening to the silence within, rather agitated and ashamed, and indignant too that it was Algy who had fought for Sybil and not he himself. He thought he heard the bed creak, as if some one had thrown himself upon it; then once more silence. He bent his ear to the door : " Algy," he said. " Algy, old man." There was no answer. " Algy," he said again. Then there was a movement and a footstep. The key was turned, and Algy stood there in his shirt- sleeves, his hair tumbled into a kind of absurd Digitized by 62 THE CONVENTIONALISTS plume, and a white, miserable anger in his face. " Kindly let me alone," he said. " I want no one. I heard you laugh." " But, Algy— 99 The door banged straight in his face. Harold stood a moment, furious at the reception. Then he kicked the door. " All right," he snarled; wheeled and went away, crushing down his shame with both hands. (IV) Algy hardly knew how to face his family at din- ner ; and yet it had to be done. He could not cor- relate his thoughts, or decide upon his internal atti- tude. A number of apparently irreconcilable elements had somehow to be combined. He had behaved well ; that seemed to him one fact ; he, with his hands in his pockets, had, by the merest chance, strolled out through the gate in the park-paling through which Sybil, also intent oir a lonely walk, had passed two minutes before, and he had been just in time to catch a young man in gaiters with a lurcher-dog attempting, apparently, to kiss Sybil. Algy had not reflected for a single instant; he had hit the young man, without a word, as hard as possi- ble under the ear ; and the next instant he had seen stars and stripes. He had retained fufficient con- sciousness to call to Sybil to run and had then, with Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 63 fury nerving him, attempted to defend himself. But the next few moments had passed in a whirling manner, during which two or three times he had seen a red face and struck at it and had himself been battered and knocked from side to side. Finally, at some sound presumably, as Algy sat among the nettles, the young man had disappeared into the woods on the other side of the road, after kicking Algy's hat contemptuously into the air. Algy had followed Sybil after a minute or two, had found her very white and shaking and had walked with her home, almost in dead silence. Well, that was one fact: he had behaved well; and the next fact was Sybil's laughter, followed by Harold's. He had heard the comments too — that he had "looked funny." There were moments when he lay on his bed, when he told himself she was simply hysterical; there were other moments when he preferred not to think so and to let his re- sentment have full and passionate play. Then there was Harold and his snarl at the door. Then there was the consciousness of having been badly beaten by the young man — the hat-kicking was a sign of that ; then there was a sensation that he had bragged to himself in silence and had expected to be treated as a hero. All this, combined with a teasing headache, a Digitized by 64 THE CONVENTIONALISTS smarting lip, an aching nose and a knowledge that he " looked funnier " than ever as the bruises dark- ened and puffiness emerged made him extremely- sullen and unhappy, from an instinct to keep some protection over his sensitiveness. Worst of all, there was an intense consciousness of Mary and an expectancy towards her attitude. He looked his very worst as he came down to the drawing-room and found her there. And she, when she saw him come in alone, saw only his sullenness and his mauled face. She thought he should not have come down looking like that — he should have dined upstairs, as Sybil was doing. It looked so very unpleasant. Then she made an effort and came a step nearer to him, look- ing away. " I congratulate you, Mr. Algy," she said. " I hope you aren't in much pain." He 'mumbled something, overcome with sudden Qelight. " Sybil's not coming down," she said, unable to keep her eyes off that crushed-looking mouth. " She asked me to thank you again. Have you any idea who the man was ? " "A poacher from London, I expect," he said thickly. " I sent to the keepers to tell them." Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 65 Then there was silence. Algy put his hands in his pockets and took them out again. Then Mr. Banister came in, and there was cheer- ful rallying and the names of heathen gods and threatenings against the young man in gaiters and recommendations to learn boxing before next time and a clap or two on the shoulder, and Algy's soul retired back again into the very inmost depth of his consciousness and lay there, like a rabbit in a bur- row, nervous and alert, at the tramplings over- head. Harold ignored him that evening, but finally thrust a lighted bedroom candle, with careful non- chalance, into his hand — an unusual attention. Theo said a word or two and then talked dispas- sionately about poachers in general. Mrs. Banister made another remark or two about arnica and ad- vised him to go to bed early. Mary looked at him several times, but said no more. The other guests made polite inquiries and expressed indignation. It was not a pleasant evening for Algy. He thought he caught a footman breathing contempt of him as he handed him salad. He sat and listened to the talk, vaguely disappointed that it was not about him, yet feeling what he hoped. It was not at all as. he had expected ; it was not as it would have been if one detail had been reversed, and it had been he .5 Digitized by 66 THE CONVENTIONALISTS who had thrashed the young man, and not the young man him. He waited a moment or two in the hall, holding his candle, until the others had dispersed. Then he went to bed. He could not sleep ; his head ached too savagely ; and he was thinking too violently. His mind went over and over what had happened. In the fragrant darkness he saw again and again the hateful red face and the whirling fist, clear against the tender green and gold of the sunset woods, and felt the shock of the blows. He saw every detail of the puttee-gaiters climbing the fence to escape, the wrecked hat lying in the dust. He saw the little scene in the inner hall and heard Sybil's sobbing exclamations of how " funny he looked," and Mary's scolding I and he saw, too, Mary's embarrassed face congratulating him. He dropped off now and again into a feverish doze, in which the phantoms of his mind material- ized into a horrible reality, and he flinched from the fist and awoke again to the heavy beating of the pulses in his nose and lips and temples. And all the while, gradually, far down in his mind, below imagination and visualized shapes, a certain consid- eration took form. I find it hard to describe it exactly, for Algy was Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 67 never a good relater; but it was something of this kind — certainly a platitude, but new enough to him. He began to see that the value of his act lay in its intention and that the disagreeable detail that he had been worsted, instead of spoiling, rather en- hanced the value. He saw that this was the real thing — that he had attempted to save this girl from an annoyance; and that the other things did not matter. That was simple enough ; but the next perception of his was deeper. It was that Mary and the rest did not entirely understand this. Of course, they recognized it; that was why they had tried to be pleasant; but he saw that they did not give full value to the fact, that his act lost real grace in their eyes through not being successful and that the ig- nominy of his having been absurdly thrashed really weighed in their minds against his attempt. And, yet further, he began to see that the whole incident was a kind of test-case of their condition and that, while they all gave real weight to the igno- miny, they did not give equal weight. As he turned from side to side on the cool pillow he began to draw up a kind of list. At the very bottom, I regret to say, he put his mother. She seemed to see nothing at all except the physical bruises on his face. She had # said some- Digitized by Google 68 THE CONVENTIONALISTS thing pleasant, of course, but it was purely conven- tional. What she really considered of importance was arnica. Next came Theo. He had just recognized the gallantry of the attempt, but he obviously regretted the whole thing extremely and had tactfully talked about poachers in general. It was absurd that a Banister should be mauled by a single man on his own estate. Next came his father. He too had congratulated him; but he had whisked off into fury against the poacher and the need of learning boxing. Next came Harold. That boy was obviously ashamed of himself, and that was more eloquent than congratulations. Yet he had laughed ; he had kicked the door ! he had shown contempt. And last and highest came Mary — for he dis- missed Sybil as a hysterical child, with no judgment at all. Mary, without doubt, had given real and deliberate weight to the intention of the act. She had flinched at the sight of his mouth; she had wished that he had been successful; but there had been the clear consciousness of the other element — a more instinctive consciousness. He perceived, then, that Mary was the nearest to understanding what he did. As for the guests, he put them in brackets, as it were. Both Jack and Lady Brasted, he thought, Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 69 were probably nearly up to Mary's standard. Of course, it was improper that Algy should have been so analytical. He should have given them all equal credit for understanding; but there it was. He saw it : he was feverish and in pain, and he for- mulated it It was obvious that such circumstances should have added a fact to those he had collected during his afternoon meditations; but it was a fact of a good deal of significance too, when it is considered what the end of Algy was. He perceived now plainly that there are two views of the world that may be taken: first, that the important thing is to preserve the conventions, to box well, to be suc- cessful, to keep up appearances, to retain society in its conservative mould ; and the second, that there is a mysterious quest to be followed, that there is a certain far-distant object to which way must be made, regardless of obstacles, and that, if conven- tions fall in ruins about the trampling traveler and the most precious domestic ideals be upset, yet that he must continue to trample. All this, of course, fitted in with what he had thought this afternoon ; in a certain sense it clenched it and remained with him. The curtain fluttered in the night breeze at his window, and he fell asleep. Downstairs they still talked about poachers. Digitized by CHAPTER III (i) T ADY BRASTED was a very picturesque per- ^ i son and was subconsciously aware of it. She did not actually say to herself, " This is graceful : therefore I will do it," but, practically it came to that. She was still well under thirty and looked much less, and she found even her relation to her red- haired, stoutish husband, who was a radiant fifty, picturesque on that account. It had a suggestion of young ivy and middle-aged oak. As a child she had been deliberately ingenue, encouraged to it by her mother, who also had an eye to suitability. She had had one incident which very nearly made her sincere — a short and violent love-story with an ad- venturer called Christopher Dell ; but she had sur- vived this and managed to fit it all into the picture. A new incident was to her as an ornament that must find its place; she carried it about, looking round her, and finally placed it somewhere — occasionally on a high shelf ; and this love incident was as a grim, slaughtered head frowning suggestively from a dark 70 Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS corner. It really looked well so long as the light did not fall full upon it. Five years before she had suddenly discovered the extreme gracefulness of the Roman Catholic re- ligion and had, so to speak, furnished her rooms afresh with a prie-dieu or two, visible yet modest, in- laid with colored woods, and a slender crucifix of ivory and pearl upon her writing-table. She was not exactly play-acting. She selected that religion deliberately as the theory by which in future she in- tended to live. She was seen on Saturday after- noons, in a veil, at Farm Street and might be observed, after her confession, a graceful bowed figure, praying, really praying, before Our Lady's altar. All this shed a new and very exquisite light upon the whole of her life. She began to think she was spiritually minded. She began to wonder whether it was not really perhaps true, as her friends told her, that her coming into a room brought with it, quite unconsciously to herself, a certain indefinable frag- rance and purity. Her part began to be that of suggestive silence. She was aware that sometimes amid the most frivolous conversation her eyes had a far-away look without her intending it in the least. She began to think that even she, perhaps, might do a little to Help others, particularly young men. As Digitized by 72 THE CONVENTIONALISTS for her husband, " dear old George," of course he was very straight and sturdy ; but he did not — did not quite understand. Oh, yes . l he was all that was dear and good and honest ; but he was a Protestant, you see, and so — well, of course, you understand. She was perfectly right about George. He was indeed a Protestant, with a strong conviction of the commonsense of the Establishment as interpreted by confidential bishops in the arm-chairs of the Athenaeum. He had even opened Church bazaars, he had been lured, with much delicate and flattering diplomacy, to appear at an Albert Hall Demonstra- tion, and he regarded the little that he understood of his wife's religion with good-humored contempt. He attended Church on Sundays in the country ; he thought himself the very type of the Sensible Lay- man and regarded the next world as through the door of the Georgian mausoleum that rose gloomy among cypresses on his estate at Esher — a fact which was best treated with a discreet melan- choly. And Jack, who had been brought up with Annie Brasted, occupied an indefinable position between them. Not his dearest friends had the faintest idea whether either this world or the next provided him with any theory. He was perfectly decorous, rather depressed in a gentlemanly sort of way ; he dressed beautifully ; he was in the Home Office from ten to Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 73 three unless he had some other engagement. And there is very little more to say about him. Lady Brasted, after breakfast on Monday morn- ing, took her rosary, her diary bound in orange mo- rocco, and a small pious book in French, printed on rice-paper,, and went out to the cedar. Again, sub- consciously, she found a seat upon which the sun- flecks fell with peculiar grace, as in Mr. La Than- gue's pictures, and sat down upon it. She could just see from there, she told herself, that line of blue hills, framed between the pillars of the terrace, that was so suggestive. Then she began, gravely and simply, looking out in her far-away manner at the hills, to consider whether there was any one in the house whom she could Help. Three minutes later, as if guided by an angel, Algy appeared on the top of the garden steps and, seeing no one, began to descend. She remained per- fectly still till he came upon her; then she looked up at him sweetly. His face was badly bruised, she noticed. "Aren't you going shooting, Mr. Algy?" she said. Algy's heart sank — he had not seen her ; and he had wished to run over his new ideas once more; they weA not quite arranged yet. " Not going till twelve," he said rather gruffly. Digitized by 74 THE CONVENTIONALISTS " Then will you take me round the gardens ? " she said, " I long to see them all again." There was nothing for it. She placed her diary, her pious book and her pearly rosary in a neat heap on her chair, stood up, lifting her parasol and, on second thoughts, languidly took up her rosary once more. . Oh ! but it was dreary for Algy. He wanted no- body just now. He wanted to be let alone, and here was this woman, tactfully congratulating him on what he had done last night, making it perfectly clear that her thought i^as his and that she too un- derstood that intention was the thing that mattered. She insinuated herself, by half-finished sentences and significant silences, even by sudden shadowy smiles, into that small and secret retreat that he had just succeeded in making for himself, and she brought with her her dangling rosary, her devout atmosphere, hei* genius for intimacy and her careful artlessness. By the summer-house, above the fish fountain, she said : " It is a wonderful thing to learn our own soli- tude — to learn that nobody, nobody can quite un- derstand our own point of view. Dear Father Bad- minton was the first who taught me that ; it is a very hard lesson." Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 75 As they walked on the grass beneath the avenue, she poured out, if I may say so, a vibrating silence of sympathy that thrilled him as with a subtle gas which he could not exclude. The worst of all was that it was undeniable that she did understand ex- actly what he was feeling. He tried to tell himself she did not, but it was useless. She nodded softly at his desperate half sentences ; she said precisely the right thing; she knew all about him, as a scientist knows all about an impaled beetle; she even corre- lated a few of his unsorted thoughts and gave him one or two new ones, undeniably beautiful and true ; she fitted things on to Christian doctrines, and, su- premely, she indicated to him that she had not dis- closed half her treasures, and that there lay behind all that she said a world of truth and confidence to which he had not as yet the entree. He was both indignant and intoxicated as he came back with her shortly before twelve — indignant at his own elementariness and banality, since it seemed that he was not in the least apart or original after all, and intoxicated, in spite of himself, by being understood so perfectly ; and he did not yet recognize that his indignation was a sign that there were still parts of his soul to which she did not and never could penetrate. She put her hand very gently for an instant on Digitized by 76 THE CONVENTIONALISTS his arm as they approached the steps back again on to the upper lawn. " Thank you," she said with soft emphasis — no more than that. And once more fury surged within him at the thought that there was an understanding between them. "Dear, uncouth boy," she said to herself (for she had a habit of formulating a situation), "and not one here understands him." And she deter- mined to see something of him in London — per- haps she would be able to introduce him to Father Badminton some day. He certainly was different from the rest of his family. He seemed to her more pliable. (n) Mary came out half an hour later, and found Lady Brasted still sitting under the cedar. Mary was rather sore again this morning, for Theo seemed really hopeless. She had expressly stood in the outer hall, with a newspaper behind her back, to give him a chance of making way, and he had strode through twice, hardly looking at her, first without his gaiters and then with them. Then she had gone to the billiard-room, leaving the door open, and knocked the balls rather noisily about. She knew that the guns were kept just out- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS side. And all that he had done was to look in sharply and to demand whether that young fool Harold were anywhere about. No, he was not, she said rather tartly. Ten minutes later, through the open door of the billiard-room, down the short pas- sage and through the window, she had seen the party climb into the motor and go off, with Sybil looking at them. Then she threw her cue on to the table and went out into the garden. Lady Brasted lifted her eyebrows questionably, and smiled without parting her lips. It was a smile she subconsciously reserved for unemotional occa- sions. " Yes, they're just gone," said Mary, and sat down. These two knew one another pretty well ; it was a case of Christian names and kissing; each, in public and in their correspondence, would have called the other her dearest friend ; each, in private, attempted to assume a pedestal of slightly greater height than that on which the other stood. Annie Brasted knew that she had a reasonable, respectable and ro- mantic religion and that Mary had not ; Mary knew she had a purely intellectual interest greater than Annie's. Annie was married excellently, Mary wished to be; but Mary could stand with men on their own ground and be welcome there, and Annie Digitized by 78 THE CONVENTIONALISTS could not and did not wish to. Objectively consid- ered, therefore, Lady Brasted could give points to Miss Maple; subjectively, Mary thought that she won them all back from Annie, and, at any rate, she was still her own mistress. Psychologically speak- ing, therefore, it was a complicated situation; neither was yet the victor and each wished to be. Now, Lady Brasted this morning was flushed with confidence; she knew quite well that she had rung the bell, so to speak, in her conversation with Algy, and she was in a Helpful mood ; so she closed forces without delay. " You look tired, my dear." " I am tired," said Mary abruptly. She, on the other hand, was disjointed and relaxed and did not understand that the first shot had been fired. There was a long silence. Lady Brasted began to review the situation, for she felt like a ministering angel this morning. This poor girl! she said to herself, feeling very old and experienced. She had kept her eyes open since Saturday, and, as her intentions were really rather delicate, she had seen what was going forward. Here was Mary, twenty-nine years old, a year over her own age, still at a loose end ; and she was pretty and charming and sensible. And here was Theo, a perfectly respect- Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 79 able eldest son; . . . and here was Algy also. . . . She had observed these three, espe- cially at breakfast this morning, and two of them in the motor yesterday. . . . Surely, here was enough to venture upon. " I have been for a nice walk with Mr. Algy," cooed Lady Brasted presently. " The poor boy ! How well he behaved last night; and how difficult for him !" " Difficult ? " said Mary, knowing perfectly what she meant. " So difficult to be at his ease ! And he is not at all that kind." " I don't understand." " My dear, I am sure you do. He is just a straight-forward, unsubtle boy with . . . with a very tender soul ; he was terribly distressed at be- ing beaten by that young man. Now, Mr. Theo — " " Theo wouldn't have been beaten," observed Mary. " That is just it. There are no problems of that sort for Mr. Theo." Mary knew this mood of Annie's and did not find it congenial just now. Suddenly she was startled by a white hand upon her knee. • " My dear," said the other. " You don't wish to talk?" Digitized by 8o THE CONVENTIONALISTS This was a direct challenge, and Mary was rather taken aback. She did not exactly know what it meant. " I am only a little tired," she said uneasily. Lady Brasted rose sweepingly, gathered her ob- jects of piety, looked smilingly and intently into Mary's eyes, swooped delicately and kissed her. Then she was rustling towards the house, very slen- der and youthful, and Mary stared after her. Mary was really startled as she sat alone in the speckled shadow. She had been taken completely by surprise and began to wonder violently what in the world Annie Brasted meant by this sudden sym- pathy. She knew Annie's Tact when she said it — in fact, it was difficult for any one not to see it ; and it was a weapon which she did not know how to meet. She had seen it before, and it always meant something. Yet Annie could not have detected any- thing, because there was nothing to detect. Psychological self-analysis was like a floating at- mosphere of disease, it seems, during these days at Crowston ; for in five minutes after Lady Brasted's departure, Mary, like Algy, was at it too. She ran over her previous meditations first — concerning her need of this kind of life, the present- ableness of Theo, his obvious good-fellowship with Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 81 her and her distinct liking of him, and, to her as- tonishment, perceived that this latter element must have made some progress even during the last two days. Her peevishness of this morning in the bil- liard-room had a personal touch in it of which she had not been previously aware. Her desire to see that square, brown figure, with its ruddy face and flat cap, come into the room had certainly not been wholly mercenary. ... At dinner, too, last night, she remembered now certain faint emotions that could hardly be accounted for by sheer calcula- tion of the rent-roll of Crowston. Back and back her mind went, circling inwards. The motor on the previous day had had one of those spasms of bad temper that by idealistic materialists might almost be attributed to a possession of some- thing resembling animal life; and she remembered watching with a curious intentness the goggle-eyed figure which, with hands on knees, peered doubtfully, behind the energetic Lord Brasted, into the maze of handles and coils which seemed responsible. He had said a word to the two ladies, and she, she re- membered, had nodded, still looking, but without understanding. Then there had been church. She was aston- ished to remember how much of her meditations had been centered on the solid worshiper at her side, 6 Digitized by 82 THE CONVENTIONALISTS . and, even more significant, her sense of irritation at Algy's black coat in front, of which the collar was not perfectly in place. And so on. . . . Mary got up presently, and began to walk softly up and down in the shadow. . . . And it was Annie's Tact that had called out all this energy of thought — not, perhaps, exactly maidenly, for Mary was not at all ingenue. It was that Tact that had driven her inwards, in a sudden doubt of self-ques- tioning as to whether she understood herself. She grew even more restless presently and wan- dered out on to the sunny terrace between the ped- estals and up and down the grass path between the flower-beds and the railings that held out the urgent grasses of the meadow-land. Was it possible, she asked herself, that she was really in love after all? She imagined Theo as dead, and felt no very lacerating agony. She im- agined him married to somebody else — Sybil Mark- ham, for instance — and immediately found herself disliking Sybil Markham with an extraordinary ve- hemence. That would be intolerable. . . . Why? . . . (She began to finger the limp, evil-smelling leaves of a great scarlet poppy.) Why? Was it solely be- cause Sybil had no business to be mistress of such Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 83 estates? Was it that only? No; it was not that only. Then what was it? She began to visualize Theo once more — his face, his gaiters, his solid, pounding walk. Then she broke off and asked herself yet another ques- tion. Supposing Algy was eldest son and Theo second, what then ? Algy could be hers at the lifting of a finger, though several years her junior. The ques- tion was, Would that finger be lifted if Theo was about? Here she stuck, tearing off the thin leaf and roll- ing it into a ball as she moved on. She did not know. She thought not. She was not quite sure. . . . Oh! yes she was, quite sure that nothing, not all wide Crowston, could induce her to marry Algy. That was certain ; he was too clumsy and self-conscious. Besides, she did not care for him. Well, then, what about Theo? That did not settle Theo. Or rather did it not rather seem as if it did settle Theo? She quickened her pace, a little flushed; and, to relieve the tension, began to be extremely vindictive towards Annie Brasted. What business had Annie to be so disagreeably tactful, and patronizing? Marriage was not everything, not even marriage to a fat nobleman who knew all about motors that must be known. Digitized by 84 THE CONVENTIONALISTS No; but marriage was a good deal. And once more Theo appeared before her. She was distinctly cross at lunch. There was no other word for it ; and Annie's discreet murmurings about this and that subject, not even remotely con- nected with any male creature under Crowston roof, made her even more annoyed. The men were all out shooting. For some topo- graphical reason it had been thought better not to join them at lunch, and somehow their absence gave an air of desolation to the dining-room. She heard a suggestion that she should go out again in the mo- tor, which had returned, under the care of Lord Brasted's own chauffeur, and whom he trusted, said Mrs. Banister, as he trusted himself ; but she hardly paid any attention to it, beyond announcing that she would sooner sit out in the garden. Sybil, it seemed, was of another opinion and observed that Harold had told her that they would begin on the Bovey acres after lunch and that if she was in the dip beyond the keeper's cottage at half-past two it might be possible to see a very pretty bit of sport. As there was no very startling demand to see this pretty bit of sport, Mrs. Banister volunteered to take Sybil herself, if dear Annie and dear Mary were quite sure they could amuse themselves. It seemed that they could, and ten minutes later Mary was watching Annie from the morning-room Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 85 window once more drifting across to the cedar. She waited five minutes more to avoid any ap- pearance of haste ; and then, with all her doubts re- solved into one clear question, she too went out. Annie saw her coming and discerned its signifi- cance. She had not spoken at random this morn- ing, and she took her courage resolutely in both hands, reminding herself of her mission to Help others. " I want you to tell me something/ * said Mary, sitting down without ado and looking straight at her friend. " Why did you think I was tired this morn- ing ?" " My dear, I thought you looked so." " Did you mean anything else ? " Lady Brasted hoisted, so to speak, sympathy into her eyes and a particular kind of smile on to her lips, putting out a hand gently towards the other's arm. " Mary, dear, are you sure you mean to talk about it?" Mary's head jerked a little. " I want you to tell me what you meant." " My dear, you must allow an old married woman gL little insight. Need I say any more ? " Mary's face grew quite white. "I think that's very impertinent," she said. " Yes, I know I asked you, but you had no business Digitized by Google 86 THE CONVENTIONALISTS to think such things. That kind of thing might do a lot of harm; besides, there isn't, as it happens, the very least truth — " She stopped suddenly. But it was too late. Lady Brasted was conscious of a nervous commo- tion within her, but she did not flinch from her thrust. " No truth in what, Mary dear? " " In — in — in what you thought." " But I did not say a word, my darling." For a moment or two there was a complete silence. For Mary, in her fury, it was impossible to reckon up the situation, nor to calculate precisely what her friend's words did or did not count for. Then she stood up suddenly, seeing that explana- tion was impossible. Her lips shook violently ; once or twice they opened to speak. Then, with a kind of quick wrench, she had turned towards the house again. ~ A minute later Lady Brasted was rustling after her. It was all very feminine. cm) Theo was shooting quite extraordinarily badly this afternoon, but he was conscious of no other pressing problem except this. It was curious, he told himself, how a man's shooting went up and Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 87 down. On Saturday he had killed three rights and lefts and had not missed more than one single bird flying alone ; to-day he had killed no rights and lefts at all and had further distinguished himself imme- diately after lunch by solemnly missing a lolloping rabbit clean with both barrels. He had a headache, he told himself, and it must have been because he had been foolish enough, this hot September day, to drink beer instead of whisky at lunch. This was all the more stupid, he thought, because he distinctly remembered now feeling not quite well during the last three or four days. It must be his liver again. He resolved to drink whisky at dinner and no port. When Sybil came out with her hostess in the mo- tor, the chauffeur, for some perverse reason of his own, chose to halt at a point in the dip where Har- old was just exactly hidden' by a thornbush, and where Theo was fully visible over the hedge against the sky-line. Yet it seemed so obviously the place from which to have, the best view of the pretty bit of sport that she did not dare to make any sugges- tion. The dip where they had halted, drawn up by the side of the high road that crossed the Bovey acres, seemed to have been specially created by an indul- gent Providence to afford a view of partridge shoot- Digitized by 88 THE CONVENTIONALISTS ing. .On the right, it is true, there was not much to see, since the boundary hedge was hardly thirty yards away, and there needed but one gun, repre- sented to-day by Theo, to slay all that came that way, either straight down the stubbles or swerving across the road. But on the left a low hedge gave a full view of a long, slowly rising sweep of ground, across which, at right angles to the road, ran an excellent hedge whtfre the other guns were posted. Harold alone was invisible, or rather all of him except his legs ; but Lord Brasted, Algy, Mr. Banis- ter, Jack Hamilton and a far-away stranger were full in view, dwindling with the distance. It seemed that the motor was just in time. The road fifty yards ahead curved sharply away to the right, and straight in front the broad stubbles ap- peared in perspective, crossed by a broad strip of dark green, denoting the roots where the mass of the birds would surely be gathered, and beyond this strip, even now entering it as Sybil looked eagerly out under her hand, were tiny moving figures that bobbed and vanished like specks across feverish eyes. It was a breathlessly silent afternoon, as clear and as Sundayish as yesterday, Sybil told herself. Slaughter seemed almost irreverent to-day, she thought, though she reassured herself by the mem- ory of the excellent cold partridge at breakfast that morning. After all, men must do something, she Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 89 said, and women, as well as men, must eat; then why not partridges? Besides, Harold liked it so much. How tiresome that that boy would stand behind that bush! She turned resolutely on the leather cushions and stared at Theo, and, as she did so, came a distinct and sudden crack from the stranger on the far left; and, as she turned once more, an- other and another, and then, as she thought them, two stupendous bangs from beyond the thorn-bush. A brown thing came in a tumbled heap suddenly over the hedge in front, thumped, slid and lay still. That was Harold's ; and she smiled all over her face with pleasure. A hand was laid silently on her arm. " Look, my dear." . Across the roadside hedge fifty yards straight ahead sailed suddenly a group of flying specks. Another dropping volley rang out on the left, but it was not at these. On and on they came, crossing slightly and rising, to the accompaniment of the death shots of their friends, straight up and on still to the right, with an incredible swift steadiness ; and, as Sybil stared, nearer even than Harold's hangings, came two reports from the crouching brown figure against the sky on her right. There was the sound of a long hush and silence ; and she saw Theo jerk- ing his gun open with a kind of savage impatience. Digitized by 90 THE CONVENTIONALISTS There were cries from in front, their high voices, as the beaters came to the middle of the roots, and again and again the hangings near and far from the line of guns on the left. Then again a covey crossed to Theo, and again two bangs and silence; then, glorious in his pride, like a fantastic toy, straight out of the hedge ten yards away rose, with loud crying, a bird looking positively gigantic, so near it was and so unexpected. Sybil knew well enough that this was a pheasant and that his time was not yet; all that she perceived in a moment; and the next, to her astonishment, came a couple of shots close at hand, and the great bird fell leaving a cloud of feathers behind him, smashed on to the road, hustled a yard or two, and lay still. Why, what in the world was Mr. Theo doing? But there was no time to ask. She heard an ex- clamation, and then a cheerful voice from Harold. " My dear chap — " And then again came the bang on the left, and Sybil saw a living speck float over Harold's head in an exquisite parabola and fall. Then up the road, mad with fright, came a hare, appearing suddenly from nowhere, as their manner is. She cried out something, then bit her lip in self-repression and glanced up. That brown figure on the right was hurrying to the hedge with a gun Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS up, and as the hare, after passing the motor, emerged again from it and sped up the road, even now scarcely fifteen yards away from Theo, she saw the gun go up to the shoulder. There followed a deafening bang ; a cloud of white dust, sprang up behind the hare, another bang, an- other cloud; and beyond it, running like a streak, appeared the hare, dwindling every instant. "Damn!" She heard it, and again bit her lip. When she turned again, the brown figure was gone. About three minutes later a beater emerged into the road, then another and another. Then Harold appeared, walking with a swing, climbed down the hedge and came up to the motor. " I say, that was ripping," he said. " Didn't I tell you just right ? 99 "What did you get?" "Three brace and a hare and two rabbits," re- marked Harold in an aloof manner ; " and they got more up the other end. I say, where's Theo ? " Sybil indicated with her head. She was leaning over the side. " I say," she whispered, " I thought pheasants weren't — " " I know ; won't we rag him. I say, mother, did you see that ? " Digitized by Google 92 THE CONVENTIONALISTS " I thought it a very nice shot," observed Mrs. Banister. " Oh ! an excellent shot ; not more than five yards off the end of his gun, and exactly three weeks too soon. . . . TheoT Before there was any answer, Algy and his father appeared above the hedge. Harold turned to them genially. " I say, Theo's shot a pheasant." It seemed to Sybil as if Mr. Banister was looking across the road rather intently at something. He paid no attention whatever to his younger son. Then he suddenly called — " Theo, my son, what's the matter ? " It was very odd that there was no answer; nor was the brown figure visible. Mr. Banister scram- bled straight down the bank, handing first his gun to Algy, and then, without waiting to take it again and without even looking at the motor, crossed the road, an imposing figure in gray jacket and knicker- bockers, and clambered up the opposite bank. Sybil did not quite know what was happening. There seemed a curious hush. Harold still stood, looking blankly after his father who was through the hedge by now, and a moment later Lord Brasted, Jack Hamilton and Mr. Mortimer, the curate, the latter in a sombre gray, very neat and ecclesiastical, Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 93 with a minute gold cross hanging from a button- hole, appeared above the left-hand bank and stood, also looking across to the other side. Mrs. Banis- ter seemed to notice nothing, and a group of beaters was engaged in laying out the game. "What's up?" It was Algy's voice; and it seemed even more tactless than usual. Then Harold put down his gun suddenly on the grass by the side of the road and was up the bank too. " Where's your father? " observed Mrs. Banister generally to the company. Then there was an odd sound from over the hedge; and the next instant Harold's voice saying something in a quick undertone. But before the shooters on the left-hand bank were halfway down, a little group of three appeared on the right, clear against the sky, where five minutes before Theo had stood — the tall, old man on one side with Harold on the other, and the third in the middle, with a curiously twitching face. " Just come and help," said Mr. Banister, sharply. " Here, good men ! Mr. Theo's not well." Digitized by CHAPTER IV TLLNESSES are both dreary and complicated considered as a subject for description, and no doubt I should make many mistakes if I attempted to describe exactly what Theo Banister went through. But, very briefly, he suffered from appen- dicitis. On the Wednesday morning an operation was performed, and on Thursday morning Mr. Mortimer was sent for, in the Vicar's absence in Lermatt. It was a very curious household regarded in the solemn light of the shadow of death. The Brasteds, with Jack Hamilton, fled at once, on the Monday evening. Fortunately they were independent of the train service and arrived at Esher in time for din- ner, bringing with them Sybil, who was to be de- spatched to her home next morning. But Mary staid on. Mrs. Banister seemed to desire a female friend, though she did not say so, and Mary, on an impulse, went to Algy and asked him to ask his father whether she could be of any use. So she staid. Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS No one seemed to know how to behave, and all, therefore, took refuge in solemnity. After a long silence at lunch on Wednesday, Harold choked suddenly and left the room abruptly, and in sym- pathy .with him, Algy had to bite very hard on his lower lip, which was still sore from his encounter on Sunday. It had been announced to them an hour before that the operation had not been as successful as had been hoped. The Crowston doctor, a per- fectly competent man, was to come again this even- ing and again on the following morning. The spe- cialist had returned to London. The worst of all was that amusement of any sort seemed indecent. Shooting was out of the ques- tion ; even a round of golf on the park links would have been a trifle profane. Mr. Banister struck the key in which the house was to live by appearing each day in trousers instead of knickerbockers. Harold was horribly unhappy during the rest of Wednesday and showed it by an extreme degree of crossness. He wandered into the billiard-room about half an hour before the dressing-bell and found Algy knock- ing the balls about. He sat down by the fire, took up a " Punch 99 and stared in dead silence at a car- toon by Mr. Sambourne for about five minutes. And all the while he was framing a remark. Digitized by 96 THE CONVENTIONALISTS It came out at last. He banged the " Punch " and stood up, glowering. " I think you might have the decency not to play billiards, ,, he said. Algy, who at that moment was addressing him- self to a stroke, made it with extreme though tremb- ling deliberation, watched the unsuccessful run of the balls with elaborate interest and then straight- ened' himself. " It's as good as ' Punch ' I think," he said. Harold half lowered his eyelids in a way he had in annoyance. " Oh ! well, if you think so," he said, " when — when Theo's dying." His pathos was too much for him, and, as at lunch, he went out hastily. Algy made a couple more strokes, put his cue down, went to the fire and leaned his head against the high mantelpiece. In both of them the sense of humor was just now overlaid. He, too, was extremely unhappy. He was going through emotions which he could not fully under- stand; but one thing he did see, and that was that to behave in as normal a manner as possible was the best thing to do. The element that particularly bewildered him was the same juxtaposition of Theo and death. It was as if a retriever developed a taste for Beethoven. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 97 There seemed absolutely nothing in common be- tween them, and there was not the tragedy of a brilliant contrast. The two were unmixable, im- possible on the same plane. Death, to Algy's mind, roughly connected the un- known, the mysterious, the delicate, the mystical, the spiritual, and Theo stood for shooting-gaiters, cigars and the pedigree of dogs. You do not put the " Imitation of Christ " on the same shelf as the " Sporting Guide," though there is nothing what- ever intrinsically sinful about the " Sporting Guide " and nothing intrinsically holy about the " Imita- tion." Only, you do not put them on the same shelf. Yet upstairs that was the situation. Theo was next door to death. The passage of time, too, seemed such a relative thing just now. It was last Sunday only that he had been battered by a young man in a lane, yet, for all personal connection with the fact, it might have happened in his childhood. He no longer felt any sense of shame at it. That and shooting and the Bradsteds and even Mary, as he had thought of her last week, were simply in another volume. In so strange a mood was Algy that grief, prop- erly so-called, h^d^fi^py^i^^te^— scarcely even anxiety as it yf ^omniopjly jjjadersfdi^. If Theo, at this momenty4jada838rdtad and 7 \ 9 West IV 4th Street. // 98 THE CONVENTIONALISTS said that he had got all right after all and wanted a knock at the balls before dinner, certainly a huge burden would have been lifted from Algy's heart, but it would not have been exactly joy. Rather it would have been a sense of relief that things were normal again, instead of abnormal. But Theo was not there in dress-clothes. He was upstairs in his room, with two baize doors kept closed in the passage that led to it. He was in bed, with bandages and a drawn face, and two nurses sat by him, and a monstrous shadow darkened over him hour by hour. Since, then, things were so abnormal, within and without, Algy saw that to do normal things steadily was the only reasonable plan. He deplored Har- old's artificiality, and it was exactly that which gave him his undoubted sense of a superior position over the extreme unnaturalness of the other. He, at any rate, had some kind of an anchor down. Harold had none. Dinner was terrible that evening. His mother and Mary were dining upstairs, and his father and Harold were scarcely relieving to the situation. Mr. Banister, following out some profound instinct, wore a swallow-tail coat instead of a dinner jacket and sat with an air of fateful gloom that would have brought inevitable disaster upon an hysterically in- clined observer. Harold ate rapidly and slightly Digitized by 4 THE CONVENTIONALISTS and drank a good deal, and both of them were prac- tically dumb. Mr. Banister vanished again upstairs after dinner and did not reappear. Harold also vanished, but came to the smoking- room, where Algy betook himself, some half hour later. It seemed as if Harold had undergone a change of some kind since his flash of bitterness in the bil- liard-room; for he seemed comparatively softened. He sat down in silence for a minute or two, staring at the fire, yet without any sign of resentment, and at last he spoke. "Algy, old chap — I'm — Tm sorry I said that before dinner." " Oh, that's all right," mumbled Algy, laying aside " Punch" and covered in a moment with ex- treme and overpowering confusion. Harold swallowed once in his throat. " I was beastly to you. I often am. I'm beastly sorry." " That's all right," mumbled Algy again. " Tm just as bad." But Harold seemed determined on a detailed peni- tence. He thrust out his boyish face bravely to the fire. "Twice on Sunday, too: once in the wood, and in the house in the evening. I'm sorry." Dg Z o dby c65i6( 0 ioo THE CONVENTIONALISTS Algy braced- up his forces. " Look here, Harold ; shut up. I'm as bad as you. . . . There. Now let's talk about some- thing else/' They did talk of something else then, but it was not very successful. They discussed, Harold with vindictive insistence, the identity of the young man who had battered Algy. They made, too, when their voices got steadier, cheerful remarks about "old Theo" and about arrangements for another shoot as soon as he was better. It was desperate work, but they did it, and Harold grew positively animated, though with a touch of feverishness. It was not until after ten minutes or so that Algy began to see the reason of his change of front, and he saw it, I suppose, through interpreting his own modified attitude. It was that Harold had a vague idea of being propitiatory to the Unseen Powers. These must be satisfied and soothed, since Theo was in Their hands : it would not do to be resentful and suspicious. He wondered whether Harold had gone upstairs after dinner to say his prayers; it seemed probable, yet to Algy, oddly enough, it did not occur that to say his prayers was exactly what was needed. Rather there was a sort of general attitude to the Supernatural that seemed more suit- able. He was perfectly aware that fervent adjura- Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS tions, poured out even in dress-clothes in a fire-lit bedroom after dinner, need not always attain their explicit object. In fact, very often they did not, and even more pathetic petitions than those, if such were possible. Yet that there was an attitude re- quired he perfectly understood — an attitude which he could not have defined and yet which consisted rather in an identification of himself with Them, / his will with Theirs, rather than in an attempt to wrench Theirs to his. This, he even perceived, was more likely to be successful in obtaining Theo's re- covery than any amount of what was probably Har- old's method. Intellectually he could not have de- fended the position; practically he was certain of it as sound. The two brothers went up to bed a little later, on tip-toe, after an elaborate and courteous lighting of one another's candles. Men do not, like women, exchange long glances on such occasions: they mu- tually perform small offices instead. At the top of the stairs they paused; then peeped together, without a word, round the angle, up the corridor that led to Theo's room. But there was no sign either of life or death. The baize door kept all secrets. They stared at it, fascinated, visualizing what lay beyond — the darkened room, the nurses, Theo, and the shadow of death. Digitized by Google 102 THE CONVENTIONALISTS A door on the right suddenly opened without a sound, and, without seeing them, their father came out in his quilted dressing-gown and turned through the baize door. But Algy caught a clear glimpse of that ruddy, troubled face, thrown into vivid light and shadow by the candle he carried,, the white eye- brows, the pursed mouth, and once more the strangeness and abnormality of it all swept him away. If Theo was an incongruous subject for death, his father was no less an incongruous supporter in the conflict. What did even he, asked Algy of him- self, really know about it all, and what could he say? Mr. Mortimer was engaged on the Thursday morning in studying the " Guardian," which to him represented all that was brightest and best in Chris- tianity. It reached him always by the first post, and after propping it against his tea-pot during break- fast, he retired with it to his arm-chair till the bell rang across the village street for matins. The Vicar was in Switzerland, and Mr. Morti- mer read matins (the shortened form) to the schoolmaster's wife's sister and once more retired home to the " Guardian," a briar pipe and his chair. On other days than Thursdays he studied theology until eleven, theology of the Cathedral Dean type, but, as he remarked, a man must be in touch with ac- Digitized by I I THE CONVENTIONALISTS tual life as well as with books, if he is to be efficient, so he devoted Thursday morning to the "Guar- dian " newspaper. He noticed with interest that the Bishop of Zebu was in England again as usual. That prelate, it seemed, thought that he could do more real good by pleading for his poor flock in England than by ac- tually ministering to them ; so he was accustomed to come home for the summer with his wife not more frequently than once in two years. (He always said on such occasions, with an exile smile, that his heart really lay in Zebu.) There was a meeting of the English Church Union, too, Mr. Mortimer observed with disap- proval, that had roused extreme enthusiasm in Man- chester — with disapproval, for, as he said, he had no sympathy with extremists. It was the glory of the Church of England to preserve a mean in all things, and Mr. Mortimer lent his aid to that deli- cate task. In a word, he disapproved ; that perhaps may indicate his attitude; or, if more particularity is required, he was vague without being wide, he was dogmatic on everything except dogma. He was earnest And he was perfectly sincere. He was deeply interested this morning in an edi- torial on the subject " How to Touch the Men," for this was Mr. Mortimer's special subject. Not that he was very successful, although his Bible-class on Digitized byVjUUVIC THE CONVENTIONALISTS Sunday afternoons, enlivened occasionally by a cor- net solo, was far from being a failure ; but he had, like a certain hero of fiction, at least formed some ideas on the subject. His great point, which he urged at clerical meetings, was that if the men were to be touched at all, they must be met on their own platform, on their own level. The clergyman must not hold himself aloof. Was it not notorious that France was what she was simply because the priests were of the seminary and the sacristy ? The clergy- man, then, must shoot with his wealthier parishion- ers and play football with his poorer. He must be a man of clubs and gymnasiums and coursing classes. He must not refuse even to dance upon occasion. The " Guardian/' it seemed, was of Mr. Morti- mer's mind, and urged a more whole-hearted ad- vance into the social life of the people. It quoted with qualified approval a parish on the great North Road where a motor garage was in process of erec- tion in the vicar's fowl-run — a step forward which at any rate was in the right direction, though prob- ably of too enthusiastic a nature. Cyclists' services, however, at half-past three on Sunday afternoon, with short addresses on subjects, as " Many shall run to and fro," and facilities for tea to follow, met with that journal's cordial praise. This was all very desperate and encouraging to Mr. Mortimer, and he began to read the article for Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 105 the second time ; but he had hardly begun when his gate slammed and footsteps came quickly up the flagged path. He was too deep in his subject to be curious, and from where he sat he could not see who was ringing so loud at his front-door, but a minute later he heard the steps go rapidly down again, and then his door opened. " Please, sir, Mr. Theo's much worse and would like to take communion. Would you kindly step up?" There followed consternation and excursions. Drawers were pulled out ; steps ran to and fro ; Jane flew across to the Church to unlock the vestry, and in about a quarter of an hour Mr. Mortimer, with a black bag, and Dr. Walsham How's work on pas- toral theology in his pocket, was proceeding up the park at a rapid pace. It was his first wealthy death-bed, if such a phrase may be used, and he was nervous. He could not say quite the same things as to the farm laborers, or, at least not in the same language, and further, he stood in a certain inexplicable awe of Mr. Theo. It is true that he had shot with him several times since his coming to the parish, but he had not yet made sufficient way to be able to raise Theo's thoughts through partridge-shooting to higher things. At dinner, too, it had proved equally diffi- Digitized by Google io6 THE CONVENTIONALISTS cult. It might be that this man was on his way to be Touched, but the contact had not yet been estab- lished. Mr. Mortimer was completely sincere ; let that be understood. He was not at all superficial in his in- tentions; he was anxious, sincerely and humbly, to do what he could to help Theo to die, but he had not an idea as to how to set about it. It was for this reason that he had taken down Dr. Walsham How from his shelf. If all else failed he might read a little aloud perhaps. The great white house, solemn and serene look- ing, rose presently over the edge of the garden, but Mr. Mortimer, was still agitated. He wondered how he ought to begin. " My dear brother " must be his phrase; but what next? . . . " Er . . . my dear brother," repeated Mr. Mortimer to himself. He had better begin with the Communion Serv- ice. It was very encouraging that that had been mentioned. At least that showed that the dying man was in earnest. After that he might per- . haps ask for a little private talk. Well; he must see. A footman was waiting for him at the garden steps that led into the house. " How is he ? " gasped the clergyman out of breath. Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 107 " The doctor thinks he is sinking, sir. Will you step this way? " The man threw open the door into the morning- room, and Mr. Mortimer went in. Mr. Banister was there, in a black tail-coat, with the doctor, a harmless but competent little man with the hair on his face resembling the cut of a horse's curb that had slipped over his mouth. That red old face was very grave and twitching as the clergyman held out his hand with a murmur of earnest sympathy. " Thank you, Mr. Mortimer. . . . Yes. . . . Yes, the doctor thinks he had better re- ceive communion at once. . . . He wishes to, . . . His mother asked him." Then the brave old face twitched again, and re- solved itself into such a solemnity that even Mr. Mortimer felt a hysterical lump rise suddenly in his throat. " It ... is very unexpected," stammered the clergyman. " I was meaning to call and inquire this afternoon. . . . Er. . . . Shall I vest here and go up immediately? " He was extraordinarily moved by the sight of the old man, who seemed as dazed and broken as a child in the face of sudden and violent cruelty. Dr. Wal- sham How seemed an unnecessary burden after all. Surely his heart was full enough now. Digitized by T 108 THE CONVENTIONALISTS He tore off his coat, disclosing gray flannel shirt sleeves with white detachable cuffs, and opened his bag, listening, as he took out his garments, to the low talking of the other two, and meanwhile he framed sentences that sprang to his brain. Then his cassock was on, and he buttoned it hast- ily; then his stiff surplice, his Oxford hood and his black scarf ; and he began to take out the communion vessels. He turned, "A — a little port wine, Mr. Banister, and . . . and a little plain bread. ... Might I trouble you ? " The old man rang the bell from where he stood on the hearth-rug, and nodded towards the clergyman as the man appeared. Mr. Mortimer repeated his request. « It was a few minutes later that all was ready, and the footman still stood by the door. " Might I ask the man to bring these other things upstairs, Mr. Banister ?" Then a little procession was formed. The footman led the way carrying a decanter and a book, on which was placed a plate of bread cut into squares. Mr. Mortimer followed with the com- ' munion vessels under a white cloth, and Mr. Ban- I ister came last. In the passage leading to Theo's J room, Mr. Mortimer halted, half turning round. i 1 Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS % 109 " How many will receive ? " he whispered. The old man's head jerked, but he could not speak. A nurse opened the first baize door as they ap- proached it, latched it back and passed on to the second. Mr. Mortimer's heart was beating miserably hard. He was still a very young man, he knew no more really about Death than he did about Touching Men, and here was the double problem awaiting to test the ideas he had formed on both these subjects. He already was regretting having left Dr. Walsham How downstairs. Then the bedroom door was before him ; it opened, and he passed into the darkened room, straight up to the little rosewood table at the foot of the bed, seeing over it a still figure lying among the sheets and on either side faces watching. It was when Mr. Mortimer entered the room in his surpjice and hood that the horrible and poig- nant pathos of the whole thing suddenly and for the first time pierced Algy clean through. He had been completely dazed by the report of the doctor that morning that Theo was sinking rapidly. It seemed impossible; it was so uncharacteristic of Theo to sink. He had remained in the billiard- room by the window where he heard the news, look- ing out at the great cedar in the mellow September Digitized by no THE CONVENTIONALISTS air, holding his still unlighted cigarette, laboring to assimilate the fact. Then his father had sent for him. Theo wished to receive communion. His mother was going to be there and wished both her sons to be present and receive with them. It would be in half an hour's time. Mr. Mortimer had been sent for. Algy had run to his room and emerged again twenty minutes later, seeing Harold go before him with a little book in his hand. Then the minutes of waiting in the half lit sick- room, for the mysterious parting Feast, with his fin- ger in a little tin-edged Prayer Book, had been on the crust of sorrow and unreality like the sun on snow. . . . Theo. . . . Theo. . . , It was Theo who lay there, between him and the win- dow, silent and motionless, his ruddy face hardly changed from when Algy had seen him last, with an august dignity as impersonal as a canopy over a child-king, entirely strange and unfamiliar, shadow- ing him. His mother and Mary knelt side by side beyond the bed, and Harold was on this side. The nurses had cleared the little rose-wood table with spindle-legs and an inlaid chess-board in the middle, and set it at the foot of the bed. Then there had followed a long silence. Still he had hoped against hope that the mysteri- ous rite that was to be done would somehow resolve Digitized by Google THE CONVENTIONALISTS the suspension of the chord and bring into one plane Theo and death ; for they still stood as apart as ever. Something was needed, something personal to unite with Theo, something infinite to complete the bridge on the side of death. A saint could do it, or a vision, or a voice — even perhaps some august me- chanical ceremony that was its own evi- dence. . . . And then Mr. Mortimer came in, and in a mo- ment the hope died. He was inadequate, Algy knew in an instant, inadequate beyond description, inadequate in training, character, and commission. Here he stood at the little table, moved and shaking, in his stiff surplice and academic hood, as he had stood, though then at his ease, in the pulpit last Sun- day, preaching on true manliness ; the thing had been as unreal as a child's repetition. It was as virile as Mr. Mortimer himself on the Monday morning, in his dark gray Norfolk jacket and knickerbockers, no more and no less. The theology he was commissioned to preach — what was that, but ideas formed on the subject? Was it possible to picture Theo, an hour or two hence, with a crown on his head, in a white robe, with a palm? . . . But it was a metaphor! Then what did it illustrate ? And, whatever it illus- trated, what name would Theo make of it all ? Was Death so great a magician as that — as to make Digitized by ii2 THE CONVENTIONALISTS Theo capable of any form of spiritual existence com- parable in the least to a white robe and a palm? . . . " My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, 39 rose the trembling voice. . . . " Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth. . . . 99 And this was Theo, with his flat cap and red mask of a face and his giggling laughter at certain kinds of stories. . . . The " chastening of the Lord" . . . "the Lord loveth" . . . And here he lay waiting, as simple as a child and as ignorant, willing to receive Communion since it was the proper action dictated to him by the only spirit- ual authority of which he was aware, and suggested by his mother. Yet Algy had no alternative to offer. Only it seemed to him as if somewhere there were wide spaces and movements larger than those little move- ments of the clergyman, and a sound more expansive than his little voice. But Christ Himself had said so — "Do this in remembrance of Me. . . ." Somewhere, therefore, there was a link between this and that, an open door between the medically-some- thing darkened room and the vast, inexorable world towards which Theo's face was set. . . . And where was that? Algy was dumb. " Ye that do truly and earnestly repent. . . ." Now what, in God's name again, did Theo know Digitized by THE CONVENTIONALISTS 113 about that ? Was there one man who had ever said one word to him on the subject? Repentance — that was a change of heart, a regret, an intention to do better. Was Theo then changed, or had any man ever told him how to be? If this instant he re- covered, what would be his comment a week hence ? " By George, you chaps " — the sentence formed itself complete before Algy's twisting brain — " By George, you chaps, I had a narrow squeak. Parson came, and all that you know/' Ah ! it was intolerable — " By George, you chaps — " "Hear what comfortable words our Saviour Christ saith, . . . Come unto Me, all that travail and are heavy laden, and I will refresh you' 9 For a moment Algy's bitterness melted, and his eyes filled with scalding tears. " Come unto Me." And a great vision of a Divine Man with out- stretched hands shone before his imagination — One who cared for sparrows and even for heavy, complacent men who had never known themselves or Him — yet they must be heavy laden before they could rest — they must have " travai