Google This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project to make the world's books discoverable online. It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the publisher to a library and finally to you. Usage guidelines Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. We also ask that you: + Make non- commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for personal, non-commercial purposes. + Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. + Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. + Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. About Google Book Search Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web at http : / /books . qooqle . com/ The fire bringers Francis Lynde Harvard College Library By Exchange Digitized by Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS Digitized by Google BY FRANCIS LYNDB THE FIKE BBINGEBS THE QIBL A H0B8E AND A DOS THE WRECKERS DAVID VALLORY BRANDED STRANDED IN ABOADT AFTER THE MANNER OF MEN THE REAL KAN THE CITY OF NUMBERED DATS THE HONORABLE SENATOR SAGEBRUSH SCIENTIFIC SFRAGUE THE PRICE THE TAMING OF BED BUTTE WESTERN A ROMANCE IN TRANSIT CHARLES BORIBNBR'S SONS Digitized by Google Digitized by Google "He is only an incident, but the thing he has plotted for is terrible." [P*g* *55 Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS BY FRANCIS LYNDE NEW YORK CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS 192 1 Digitized by Google HARVARD COLLEGE UdiUiit U BY EXCHAfctiE f Copyright, 1921, by CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS Published April, 1921. THE 8CRIBNER PRESS Digitized by Google TO MY STAUNCH FRIEND, HELPFUL NEIGHBOR, AND LOYAL PARTISAN RICHARD HARDY, whose sturdy championship of fair play and clean sport is an in- spiration to all who know him, this book is grate- fully inscribed. The Author, Digitized by Google Digitized by Google CONTENTS CHAirm PAOB I Without Wireless . . . . . 3 II Mussel Bar ...... 15 III My Lady of the Roses . . . . 27 IV The Hostage 39 V Entomological 54 VI The Evolution of a Grasshopper . . 64 VII Teeing the Ball 77 VIII A Halted Funeral .... 86 IX The Fourth Estate .... 99 X When the Devil Drives . . .110 XI Crossed Wires 119 XII Episodic 133 XIII Clean Sport 148 XIV In the Open 163 XV The Deadly Commonplace . . . 178 XVI Printer's Ink 192 XVII The Merry War 202 XVIII Selling Orders 221 vii Digitized by Google iii CONTENTS CH APT Eft FAGS XIX Flushing the Covey .... 229 XX "Noblesse Oblige" 248 XXI A Chip of the Block .... 260 XXII The Year of Jubilee .... 278 ✓ Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS Digitized by Google Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS \ I WITHOUT WIRELESS Considering the matter at large, after the motor of the hired bunch had proved to be dead beyond any hope of resuscitation, Corydel could find no adequate excuse to justify the absurd predicament in which he was involved ; drifting helplessly down a strange river, with the leaving time of his New York train now no more than an hour away, and with all his belongings, topcoat, umbrella, golf-dubs, traveling-bags, left be- hind at the hotel in the town which was slowly but inexorably dropping astern. To be sure, there were reasons ; if one chose to dig- nify a missed train connection and a purely vagrant impulse by calling them reasons. The delayed train accounted for the stop-over of a broken day in South Tredegar ; and the impulse : now that he came to think of it there was a linked-up chain of these, one which had led him to stay on at Palm Beach quite some time after his mother and sister and all the people he knew had gone; another which had persuaded him to take the roundabout way inland on the northward journey instead of the more direct coast-line route ; and a third — the most vagrant of them all — which had prompted him to forsake the marbled bleaknesses of the South 3 Digitized by Google 4 THE FIRE BRINGERS Tredegar hotel lobby where he had been impatiently killing time, to cut out the battlefield automobile tours which every one else was taking, and to go idly strolling up and down the sleepy, neglected river front from which the modern, railway-fed, manufacturing city had long since withdrawn itself. There had been nothing to do, and little to see, at the old-time, stone-paved steamboat landing. But under the high trolley bridge which crossed from bluff to bluff he had discovered a house-boat float sur- rounded by a strange and weird collection of pleasure craft; motor launches, imitation speed boats, gasoline barges. On Lake Worth his own speed boat, the Flip, had won the cup in the three-mile dash, with Corydel himself at the controls. It was an upflash of freakish humor that sent him across the plank to the house-boat float to bargain for an afternoon's ownership of the launch with the rebellious motor. Failing in every other particular, a cruise in the flat-bottomed, home- built Valkyrie XL would be a joke to tell the fellows at the club. Reasonably circumspect, as the captain of a strange craft should be, he had at first turned the prow of the Valkyrie up-stream. For the better part of the after- noon he had driven or drifted lazily between banks fringed ivith willows and sycamores, catching inspiring glimpses now and then of the hills and mountains that lay well back from the flatland valley through which the upper bendings of the river wound their rather monotonous course. Later, returning down-stream, it had been the cliffs of Mount Lebanon, impinging upon the lower reaches of the river in an abrupt majesty of weather-worn crags and precipices, that had beckoned him. Glancing at his watch, he had measured the time Digitized by Google WITHOUT WIRELESS 5 remaining against the now fairly well ascertained speed of the hired launch. Some one at the hotel had told him that Mount Lebanon was only four miles from the city by trolley or the driving pike. By the water route it appeared to be even less; and Corydel had shot past the home float under the high bridge, chug- chugging his way joyously on into the eye of a gor- geous sunset — and, incidentally, straight into the care- fully spread landing net of Things That Are To Be. He was half-way down to^he great bend under the cliffs of Lebanon, and once more cut off from the sights and sounds of the peopled valley by the willow- fringed banks, when the motor chuckled and expired. For a mile of slow drifting he devoted himself assid- uously and perspiringly to the obstinate power plant; and when prudence finally suggested that he would better give it up and shout for help, he was far below the last of the city outposts, with nothing in sight in that direction save an abandoned sand dredge anchored at the toe of a small island. Even then he was not beyond laughing light-heart- edly at his predicament. To be sure, he would most likely miss the night train for New York; but that was no killing matter. Provided he should turn up in time to enter his racing car in the spring trials on the Park- way, nobody would be hurt. Sooner or later, the flat- bottomed joke with a dead motor would drift ashore, he supposed, or a ferryman could be hailed, or some driftwood catcher would paddle out to give him a tow. It was an adventure; and real adventures, in the life of a hard-working idler, fed, clothed and pampered by the Corydel millions, had been few and hard to come by. At the Lebanon cliffs the sluggish current swept ^ inshore in oily swirls and eddyings. With any sort - V Google 6 THE FIRE BRINGERS of a paddle, Corydel could have made land; but there was no paddle nor anything in the launch that could be made to serve as such; and, upon a nearer inspec- tion, there proved to be no practicable landing place. The perpendicular limestone dipped sheer into the greenish-yellow flood, and there was neither foot- nor handhold in its lichened face. Below the outthrust toe of the mountain the river broadened, and the current, rebounding from the rocky barrier and quickening its pace, set strongly toward the opposite shore. With the towering mountain astern, Corydel found .himself once more in midstream, and again with the isolating tree-bordered banks on either hand Being a total stranger to Southern inland water courses, he marveled at the loneliness and apparent de- sertion of the stream shores. The solitude was the unbroken repose of a primeval wilderness. With a busy city of more than half a hundred thousand souls spreading almost to the foot of Mount Lebanon, there was for the voyager, who was still within easy gun- shot of the great mountain, neither sight nor sound of humankind. When half of the long straight reach below the mountain had been traversed by the derelict launch, the sun ducked behind the crest of a cliff-crowned ridge facing inward on the river. Immediately the river gorge, narrowing again by the nearer approach of mountains on either hand, was filled with a veiling haze of purple and lavender, an atmospheric sea of colorful splendor brimming the sunken water gap from cliff to cliff . Corydel had given a year to the Beaux Arts — it was while he was hesitating between architecture, and structural engineering, and before it had come to seem so little worth while to climb the steeps of either — and Digitized by Google WITHOUT WIRELESS . 7 out of the rather unenthusiastic year's work in the Hcote he had brought a keen love of the beautiful, if nothing more. "Jove!" he exclaimed. "If some chap had the genius to put a thing like this on canvas! But it couldn't be done; and if it could, nobody would believe it ever happened." A little farther along the launch swung heavily in an eddy, and a new river vista opened beyond a second bend At a distance of a half-mile or more the stream parted in the middle to pass to right and left of a low- lying island. From somewhere in the immensities came a monotonous murmur, and Corydel held a cupped hand to his ear and listened. The indistinct droning might be only the sighing of the evening breeze in the mountain forests, or it might be the murmur of quick water. The castaway recalled, vaguely, since geography was not one of ,his strong points, that South Tredegar was situated at the throat of the great valley of the upper river; that below it the stream entered upon a quickened race through the mighty barrier of the Cumberlands. With the recalcitrant motor alive he would not have cared. A tussle with a bit of rough water would have served to break the monotony of things. But with the awkwardly built Valkyrie XL as helpless an(f un- manageable as a log of driftwood, it was different The head of the stream-dividing island was drawing nearer, and the Valkyrie of many predecessors was drifting straight for the pointed sand spit upon which the current parted. Under the willows of the left- hand mainland Corydel saw the flat scow of a country ferry. If he could contrive to go aground upon the island sand spit, the ferryman could come over and take him ashore. Digitized by Google 8 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Ahoy, the ferry !" he yelled, and clearing the dead engine with a bound, he dropped down in the bow of the launch to paddle with his hands. A bareheaded man in his shirt-sleeves appeared at a gap in the wil- low fringe and shouted in response to the hail; but Corydel was too busy to hear or heed. Failing to ground on the island, it was highly necessary that the launch should at least take the ferry side channel, and the paddler in the bow was dipping deep and splashing like a drowning spaniel. His defeat came so unexpectedly as to leave him dumfounded. At the apex of success, when the shal- lows of the sand spit were yellowing under the fore- foot of the derelict, a freakish twist of the current spun the launch end for end and sent it stern foremost down the wrong channel. Corydel stood up, caught a vanishing glimpse of the bareheaded man standing on the high bank of the western shore, and tried to cry out his need. But this time the breath was lack- ing, and a moment later the tree-screened bulk of the island slid between and his chance was gone. "Now that is what you might call rubbing it in," he laughed, stumbling sternward to shift his weight and so make it easier to head the Valkyrie around with the current again. "Another boat's length and I should have made it. Never mind; I still have the Corydel luck to fall back upon, even though the pater does in- sist that there isn't any such thing. There'll be more ferries, let us hope." But there were none — at least not in the island channel — and twilight was darkening into dusk before he got the clumsy launch head-on with the stream again. By this time the pace of the current was ac- celerating quite perceptibly, and the purring murmur of deep-water rapids — the sound was clearly unmis- Digitized by Google WITHOUT WIRELESS 9 takable now — was just ahead. On the right-hand bank the tree-fringe receded a little way, making room for a strip of gray limestone shingle at the river's edge. Dimly discernible in the down-stream dusk, a jutting point of land or rock thrust itself into view, and on the upper side of the point a strong eddy was sending tiny wavelets to break up-shore on the shingle. Cory- del saw his opportunity. If he could inch the derelict over into the eddy it would go ashore of its own accord. By means of a heartbreaking burst of hand-paddling the thing was accomplished. After hanging motion- less on the turn of the backwater for what seemed to the castaway like an endless eternity, the Valkyrie be- gan to wheel as if poised upon a slow pivot, and a minute later her bow was bumping gently on the lime- stone beach. Corydel sprang up with a sigh of relief and was about to step ashore. But the Things That Are To Be were not yet through with him, and once more the totally unexpected happened. This time it took the shape of a lank, slouch-hatted man with a gun, issuing, like the villain in the play, from nowhere in particular. Following a plainly audible double click of the gun hammer, a drawling voice said : "Not this time, ye durned skunk! Allowed ye'd steal a march on we-uns, didn't ye — a-slippin' down, still an' quiet-like, in the dark? Start up that ther' ingine an' git out o' here, afore I pump ye so full o' lead 'at ye cam'tr "Hold on, my hair-trigger friend!" cried Corydel. "There's a large-sized mistake out, somewhere. All I'm craving is a chance to get back to town, and if you can get me there I'm willing to pay handsomely for it. Put that gun down; it might go off." "You're mighty shoutin' right itjll go off ii you .Digitized by GOOgle io THE FIRE BRINGERS don't git that kick-boat to backin' away Pom yere whilst the lamp holds out to burn! Hain't ye got sense enough to know when t'other feller's got the drop on ye?" Corydel was beginning to believe that he hadn't; that the uncharted adventure had turned into a night- mare dream. But the man on the bank seemed alto- gether real and exceedingly urgent. To hasten mat- ters, he strode down to the water's edge, and before Corydel realized that the affair had climaxed, the launch was lunging out into the current again under the impulse of a vigorous shove. It was only by tumbling in a heap and clutching at the gunwales that he saved himself from going overboard. "Say, by George, you're a gad-Wasted hospitable lot!" he yelled back at the dim figure on the shingle beach. But only the cliff-thrown echo answered him. The quickening current spun the Valkyrie like an un- gainly top, and he was once more alone with the swirl- ing river, the looming mountains, and the silent soli- tudes. For quite some time after the man-with-a-gun epi- sode the prospective heir to a goodly portion of the Corydel millions had the full worth of his unpremedi- tated plunge into the unusual. Quick water, in the canoeist's meaning of the phrase, there was none; the volume of the river was too great and its channel too d*ep. But of perils which he could not see— or which, seeing, he would have had no means of avoiding — there were plenty; and they were as evident to the inner sense as seasickness is to the storm-tossed. In the pot-holes there were huge swirls of whirl- pool power, and when the launch spun over their vortices her timbers cracked and groaned until, more than once, Corydel thought she would break in two Digitized by Google WITHOUT WIRELESS n and go down. In the boiling-up places it was less dangerous — and more distressing. As if a giant hand were thrust upward beneath her flat bottom, the boat would heave and lift and balance on the hillock of the flood, to pitch off finally in a crab-like slide that set the castaway clutching for handholds while he fought down the dizzying nausea. At one point in the gorge the entire volume of the stream poured into a deep bowl roughly circular in outline, emerging through a raceway so nearly tangen- tial as to give the retarded flood a gyrating twirl like that of a leisurely whirlpool. Slowly circling in this vast bowl was a tangled mass of driftwood ; and in this trapped tangle the launch took its place, bumping and grinding endlessly around and around, until Corydel lost all sense of direction and all hope of extricating the Valkyrie of many ancestors. It was at a moment when he was weighing the chances of escape from drowning if he should make a desperate dash for the shore over the precarious footing afforded by the scum of driftwood, that the boat slid sidewise out of the circling eddy, was caught up by the outgoing current, and was hurled, stern foremost, into the broken water of a rapid. As it presently developed, the spillway rapid, in which the launch shipped a good bit of water, proved to be the last of the gorge hazards. Below the rapid the stream broke away into a river of majestic brea<itjj; and after Corydel had bailed the boat with a rusty tomato can rummaged out of the stern locker, he found himself drifting placidly upon a slowing current, with the mountain-buttressed river banks withdrawn, and the strip of sky overhead broadened to a starry zone. Bend after bend was left astern in the drifting progress into the deeper depths of the unexplored and Digitized by Google 12 THE FIRE BRINGERS unknown. At long intervals a twinkling light on one or the other of the distant shores set the castaway to shouting afresh for help; but if any heard, none heeded. Once — and again, some miles farther along — the derelict drifted past a ferry landing marked by its moored flat-boat. At the first there was no answer to Corydel's hail; at the other the ferryman's lantern, when it finally appeared, was a mere yellow firefly in the backward-reaching darkness. Some distance below the second ferry, Corydel found himself drifting down upon a procession of gray giant sentries, looming vast in the gloom and stretching in an unbroken line from shore to shore. As he came nearer he saw that the gray sentinels were the piers of an uncompleted and apparently abandoned railroad bridge; and it was only by a quick and ener- getic bit of fending with his bare hands that he saved his craft from colliding with one of them. Below the bridge piers the hoarse murmur of rough water again began to shudder upon the still night air. Once more Corydel became painfully alert. For an hour or more the river had been gradually narrowing, but there was nothing in the dim mountain back- groundings to indicate the approach of another gorge hazard. On the contrary, the left-hand mountain had receded until it was distinguishable only by its forest- crowned skyline, and there appeared to be a broad stretch of bottom land lying between it and the river bank. None the less, the threatening water noises grew momentarily louder. The launch was sidling its way, crab-like, on a course mid distant between the left bank and the channel; and, in this part of it at least, the current was no swifter than it had been — if any- thing, it seemed to be curiously uncertain and halting. Digitized by Google WITHOUT WIRELESS Striving to pierce the darkness ahead, Corydel was at last able to form some inadequate idea of the new peril. Cutting across from the left-hand bank, and reaching fully to the mid-river point, a barrier reef of some sort marked a broad white line in the starlight Corydel crouched in the boat, gripping the gunwales. After all the dangers past and safely escaped, here was a catastrophic conclusion tb the adventure; a climax which could be neither averted nor side-stepped. The broad, white swath turned out to be a foaming rapid leaping over the curious harrier reef; and the castaway was sufficiently assured that the unsteerable launch would go to pieces in a collision with the reef- like obstruction; or if it shouldn't, it would be over- turned and swamped imthe back-lash of the great rapid. It was at the moment when the white turmoil was surging up to obliterate him that Corydel heard the sputtering roar of a many-cylindered power boat, and out ,of the backward distances the beam of an electric searchlight eye played for an instant upon the foaming barrier just ahead. After that he was too busy to make any note of extraneous sights or sounds. Poised on the initial wave of the surf rapid the Valkyrie tilted for the plunge and went over the brink. There was a splintering crash, a roaring of many waters in his ears, and Corydel mechanically tightened his grip upon the small fragment of the wreckage that remained to him. Then something solid and unyielding rose up and smote him, and things went blank. Behind the electric eye whose beam had picked up the castaway on the brink of disaster two men were getting the most that could be got in the way of speed out of a high-powered motor-boat. In the motor cockpit aft, Gordon, South Tredegar's best-known and most progressive ironmaster, coatless and hatless, jug- Digitized by Google 14 THE FIRE BRINGERS gled throttle and spark to keep the detonating volley of the six-cylinder exhaust at its most deafening pitch. "Hold your spot-light on him, Norman!" he bel- lowed to the slighter built man at the steering wheel forward. "Don't lose sight of him for a second! How much leeway has he now?" The steerman's answer was a quick spin of the wheel. Obeying it, the flying speed boat promptly put her rail under in a circling dart to the right Ten seconds later she was showing her port bilge to the twinkling stars in a similar breath-taking swerve around the channel end of the barrier reef. "Hold her!" yelled the man at the wheel; and while the big propeller was thrashing sternway in the back surge of the barrier rapid, he braced himself with a knee hold, groped quickly over the side in the spume and spatter of white water, and fished up what he had gone after — a luckless adventurer, with the senses knocked out of him and his breath coming in labored gasps, but with his fingers still tightly gripping the fragment of the Valkyrie's stern which had served for a life-preserver. "Good catch!" applauded the engine cockpit; and then : "Head her for the landing-stage at the planta- tion, Fred. We'll have to get him between hot blankets at the Pettus's before he'll be able to tell us which of the seventeen varieties of wild ass he was trying to imitate. Mind your helm ; I'm going to drive her like Jehu!" Digitized by Google n MUSSEL BAR When Mr. Frederic Corydel came to his own in the matter of connected recollections he was reclin- ing, stripped and blanket-wrapped, in a huge easy- chair before a crackling wood fire in what appeared to be the gun-room of an English country house — though he knew, in reason, that it couldn't be. Bend- ing over him and trying to feed him peach brandy with a tablespoon was a man with a pugnacious jaw and the massive shoulders of a blacksmith; a clean- cut person apparently still in his early thirties, with a face that, apart from the fighting jaw, was at the moment a mask of brotherly solicitude. "Tom Jeff Gordon!" gurgled the adventurer; and then, choking and strangling: "Where, in the name of all the long-haired river gods, did you drop from?" "Take it easy and by littles," laughed the spoon- holder. "Feeling a bit less like a sole survivor? That's good. Have another swallow of this? It's home- brewed; the colonel makes it himself, and the revenue people have been hauling him into court regularly for it every time a new get of deputy marshals come on the scene." Corydel dodged the oncoming spoon. "Thanks, awfully; but I don't need it. I've swal- lowed enough yellow river water to make any more swallowing a deadly insult What I'm perishing to know b-— " 15 Digitized by Google 16 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Naturally/* the rescuer acquiesced. "It is going to sound something like a fairy tale, but really the out- working of it was very simple. When you are able to 'gather your mind/ as old Unc' Eph says, I'll tell you about it" "You needn't wait ; I'm all right now." "You don't look it, but perhaps you will by the time I've brought you down to date. Beginning back a bit; you reached South Tredegar on the belated Florida train this morning, taxied up to the Hotel Marlboro, and, after telling the hotel clerk what you thought of the railroad that didn't get you in on time, and of the other railroad that wouldn't wait for its connection, you registered. Am I right, so far?" "Near enough. Go on." "After luncheon you got lonesome — which was a just and righteous judgment upon you for not re- membering that Tom Jeff Gordon, sometime of Boston and the old Institute of Technology, and later of Gordonia and Paradise Valley, had now and then dated a letter to you from the South Tredegar Cupola Club." "Good land of love ! I did forget it, Tom Jeff — as completely as if the old Boston days had never been !" admitted the blanket mummy, adding: "I ought to be bastinadoed on the soles of my bare feetf "You had been gone some little time when I drifted into the Marlboro and happened to see your signature in the book," Gordon went on. "Meaning to hunt you up and give you a beating, I made inquiries. One of the bell-hops remembered that he had directed you how to get to the river front, so I took a taxi and followed you. At the club-house float Grigsby told me that you had hired one of his motor boats and gone gallivanting off u^river." "So I did," Corydel chuckled. "And, later on, I Digitized by Google MUSSEL BAR 17 came gallivanting down-river. How did you find that out?" "Grigsby again," said Gordon, putting the brandy bottle and spoon on the great stone mantel and rum- maging a long-stemmed clay pipe out of a curious collection in the rack. "I had some business to look after, so I had myself driven back up-town. When I went to the landing again a couple of hours later in the hope of heading you off, Grigsby told me you had lately passed the club float, going down-stream." "He was as right as rain," murmured the blanket Indian; " 'down-stream', was the word. What then?" "Not being specially superstitious, I can't quite account for what followed, Fred; honestly, I can't. I knew you were as much at home in a motor boat as if you'd been born in one — had every reason to know it, remembering how much time we used to fritter away in the Fly-by-Night along the North Shore. Still, I had a queer sort of hunch that some- thing might have happened. My car was in town and I took it and drove along the river, inquiring at the sawmills and fishermen's house-boats. In that way I tracked you pretty well down to the big bend at the foot of Mount Lebanon." "Good old sleuth!" said Corydel, blinking lazily at the crackling wood fire. "At the mouth of Tredegar Creek a fisherman was able to tell me that you had gone by, drifting, 4 a while back/ was the way he put it, and he couldn't fix the time any nearer than that From there I had to make a detour of a mile or more over a slow road to get into the Lebanon pike, and by the time I had driven over the nose of the mountain and had come to the river again, you were out of sight." The rescuer paused to fill and light the long-stemmed Digitized by Google 18 THE FIRE BRINGERS pipe; and the young man whose chief occupation in life, thus far, had been to kill time, spread his hands to the cheerful Maze on the hearth. "That, Tom Jeff, was Southern hospitality of the kind you read about," he commented. "Of course, you couldn't know that I was badly in need of being chased and overtaken." "No; but I still had that hunch I spoke of, and besides, that word of the fisherman's — 'drifting' — stuck in my mind. I've tinkered enough with gasoline motors to know some of their tricks — the man doesn't live who knows them all. Moreover, I took it for granted that you wouldn't be drifting voluntarily if you knew what was ahead of you." "I didn't know," Corydel put in ; "but I was point- ing like a trained bird dog for the original package of information. What did you do next?" "I did what I should have done when I met the Tredegar Creek fisherman who gave me the latest news of you ; chased back to the city, dug up Fred Norman at the club, and borrowed him and his- speed boat. As a matter of course, everything* got in the way of a hurry start. The Vixen's tanks were empty, and after Grigsby had filled them, we found that he had no oil and we had to drive back up-town to get that. By the time we got off there was every chance that you had already found whatever trouble you were looking for, if you hadn't been lucky enough to paddle yourself ashore somewhere along the way." The rescued adventurer nodded soberly. "You've said it. I had found the trouble in large chunks; and I hadn't paddled mysolf ashore — for the very good reason that there wasn't any such thing as a paddle in the equipment of the fcfrtieth Valkyrie." "We found that out, too— at Mastery's Ferry," Digitized by Google MUSSEL BAR 19 Gordon continued. "Masterson was at his ferry land- ing when we passed, and he told us he had seen you paddling with your hands. Then we knew pretty well that you were booked to go through the Pot, the Pan and the Skillet in a boat with a dead motor, and I had a cold sweat" Corydel's smile was reminiscent of many things. "Speaking of cold sweats, I had my little chill before I came to the kitchen pantry you mention. I con- trived to get the boat ashore, once, but a man with a gun chucked me off into the current again. What was that for?" "Moonshiners, most likely/' said Gordon. "There is said to be a still in Trentor's Cove, which is prob- ably where you tried to land, and the 'watcher' took you for a deputy marshal trying to steal a march on the plant. But tell me how you got through the bad water right side up— with a boat that couldn't be handled." "It was a bit hair-raising — in the dark, and not knowing what minute was going to be the next," the amateur admitted. "In your Freshman ravings about your home country I don't seem to recall that you told me you had old Scylla and Charybdis copied to the final thrill down here in your bally mountains." "We haven't. But at high water, in the night, and with a dead cockleshell of a motor boat under you . . . well, you were lucky, that's all, Fred. You were always a lucky sort." Corydel was shaking his head. "It wasn't all luck at the last, Tom Jeff. I guess it had come to be pretty nearly a show-down for me — would have been wholly so if you hadn't happened along. What did I bump into? — more kitchen utensils?" Digitized by Google 20 THE FIRE BRINGERS "No ; it was our dam ; or as much of it as we have been permitted to build. Don't tell me you have never heard of Mussel Bar Power & Light." The product of the Corydel millions leaned back in the easy-chair and the blanket slipped from one bare shoulder. "It may be a confession of the densest ignorance, but Fm afraid I haven't/' he said gently. And then : "Has it been up to me to hear of it?" Gordon's laugh was entirely mirthless. "Oh, no; not at all. But since your father is said to be the power behind the throne in Universal Elec- tric, and Universal Electric has killed us too dead to bury, I thought you might — but of course you wouldn't know anything about it. You live in quite another world, Fred." At this the blanket mummy sat up suddenly and became humanly interested. "Don't rub it in, Tom Jeff," he begged soberly. "If I could find anything that seemed at all worth while — but it's no use. When I do dig around and turn up something, I find that the pater's money has already bought it. Cut out that part of it and tell me about your killing." Gordon's pipe slipped from his fingers and fell to dismemberment upon the stone hearth. When he stooped to sweep the pieces into the fire the pugna- cious jaw was emphasizing itself, and the good gray eyes were narrowing. "I'm afraid I couldn't tell it peaceably to your father's son," he said slowly, and a silence followed which Corydel was careful to break in a different— and safer — field. "Just whereabouts are we, Tom Jeff?" he asked. "You're forgetting that the clock stopped for me while Digitized by Google MUSSEL BAR 21 I was playing Kanaka in the breakers, trying to ride a surf board that wasn't half big enough." "We are in Colonel Semple Pettus's den — 'office/ he calls it, following the old plantation custom." "And Colonel Pettus?" "Is the original Pettu$ of Beechford; the largest land-owner on this side of Mount Gilboa, and, inci- dentally, one of the directors in the Mussel Bar pro- ject. He is not at home. He is on his way down from Washington and was expected this evening; but he didn't come — or hasn't come yet. If his train was late, he'd probably stay overnight in South Tredegar." "Let me straighten things out a bit," said Corydel, frowning thoughtfully. "You say that the colonel is a director in the Mussel Bar enterprise, and that Uni- versal Electric— otherwise, as you put it, the pater — has shoved Mussel Bar to the wall. Something in the way you said it makes me think yellow — if you get what I mean. Wasn't it a fair shot, Tom Jeff?" Gordon squared his shoulders against the massive mantel stone. "It comes under the head of 'business,' and nobody will go to jail for it, if that is what you mean," he said, speaking as one who has locked the door upon the elemental promptings and has the key safely in his pocket "You may have the story if you want it; only I doubt if you will know any more about it after- ward than you do now." "Meaning that I have no head for business? Try me and see," was the gentle retort Gordon found another pipe in the colonel's collec- tion; filled it; lighted it "It began with the coal people," he said, between puffs. "We have a city which is wholly built up on manufacturing, and steam is the source of power. In Digitized by Google 22 THE FIRE BRINGERS the heart of a region where coal is almost as abundant as timber, we suddenly found ourselves paying more for fuel than Pittsburgh pays. The reason was as old as the human race — greed. After the Civil War we had our invasion of political carpetbaggers; farther along, Northern capital came. We were poor and needed the money, and a good many of us sold our birthrights. To-day the price of coal in South Trede- gar is fixed in New York, and it is prohibitory to many of the smaller factory owners. Industries have begun to drop out, throttled to death by the coal barons, who are presumably backed by the railroads. Tell me if I'm not making it elementary enough." "I'm an infant in such things ; but you're doing very well. Go on." "We have been facing this fuel condition foif a number of years, and finally it became evident that the coal capitalists — and possibly the railroads — didn't care whether we lived or died ; that, on the whole, they preferred to build up other towns where their profits would be greater. When we were beginning to dread the black eye the next census would give us — decreased wealth, industry and population — Colonel Pettus came to the rescue with the Mussel Bar proposal. Why shouldn't we build a dam, get our power from the river, and thus be independent of the coal monopoly? He owned the site in fee simple on both banks of the river — the only practicable one for a hundred miles in either direction — and was willing to make any and all kinds of concessions." "Fine!" said Corydel, running his fingers through his damp hair. "We went to it like a bunch of hungry hoboes to a bread line. A company was organized, with every South Tredegar man who had a hundred dollars to Digitized by Google MUSSEL BAR *3 invest backing it; preliminary surveys were made; and, since the river is a navigable stream, our Con- gressman introduced an enabling bill, authorizing the erection of the dam and providing for the proper Government inspection of the lock building." "The bill went through all right?" "Not as it was drawn; no. That was where Uni- versal Electric got its first clawhold. The original bill asked for two years' construction time — which was none too much. The act, as passed, gave us only one year. We have fairly good evidence that the 'inter- ests' were responsible for the amendment of the bill in committee. When we protested, we were assured that an extension of time would be given if, in the opinion of a board of experts, it was found to be honestly necessary. You can guess what happened." Corydel smiled. 'Tin afraid not. What I don't know about such things is rather — er — monumental." "Well, what happened was what was doubtless scheduled to happen," Gordon went on, still as one holding himself to a judicial statement of facts. "We accepted the condition and went at our job of dam building. Our consulting engineers admitted that the work could be completed in a year if we meant busi- ness and were not afraid to spend money. We took our cue accordingly and pushed the job for all we were worth; day shifts and night shifts, with all kinds of bonuses for speed, and the colonel the life of the merry war. For seven of the twelve months Universal Electric kept hands off, and we were besotted enough not to suspect the reason. Am I boring you stiff?" "Not in the least. It reads like a chapter out of a book. Let's have the rest of it." "The reason became apparent to even the dullest of us a few weeks ago. The 'interests' meant to let us Digitized by Google 24 THE FIRE BRINGERS build the dam with our own money, and then step in and swallow us. High water had been holding us back, and we tried to get an extension of the time limit The colonel went up and camped in Washing- ton, and every Southern member of the House pulled for him. Yet the bill went by default and became a left-over at the end of the session. That was six weeks ago, and we're dead — and we know it. Universal Electric had it figured down to six decimal places. It was safe to count upon more or less high water, and as Congress had adjourned without giving us more time, we were practically bound to lose out" "And the situation at the present writing?" queried the professional idler. "There isn't any situation worth mentioning. We have something over three months to run — to the thirty-first of July. On that date, if we're not ready to do business, our franchise expires." "Well, what happens then?" "We shall then be in the position of a man who has leased a piece of building ground and finds that his lease has run out before he has his building com- pleted We shall be at the mercy of the landlord — in our case, the Government of the United States. We shan't be able to go on without a franchise, and under the conditions of the Enabling Act we shall have lost our rights. Which means that somebody else — any- body else— can step in and secure those rights; which is doubtless just what Universal Electric will do when, Congress convenes next December." Corydel nodded. "I'm beginning to get the run of the cards, a little," he said. Then: "You mentioned a board of experts that was to be called in if you got into the time-limit trouble : did it come down and step on you?" Digitized by Google MUSSEL BAR 25 Gordon's smile was grim. "It stepped on us with both feet. If we hadn't been so hot we might have been able to see the joke and take off our hats to your — to Universal Electric. The board that held the power of life and death over us consisted of one Army engineer officer, retired, one civilian engineer in the Government service — an honest man, too, by the way — and three big fellows who are, or who have been, consulting engineers for Universal Electric Wasn't that easy?" "It is always easy to lose out," remarked Corydel. "You were what the Street would call Babes in the Wood." Then, with a quick upglance at his rescuer: "I take it you are pretty hard hit, with the others, aren't you, Tom Jeff?" "Not so hard as some. 'Gordon' is a pretty good old Scotch name, and some scraps and leavings of the Scotch caution have come down to me. I didn't plunge. Colonel Pettus is in deepest In spite of all we could do or say, he went the limit When Mussel Bar Power & Light is closed out, he'll have to take the bankruptcy. And, since he will be the first Pettus in the clan to do that, it will kill him." Corydel sat up and began to struggle with the swathing blankets. "Get me my clothes," he commanded firmly; "it's time I was moving on." "Nothing like it!" laughed Gordon; "you can't move on unless you go as a blanket Indian — your clothes are not dry yet. Besides, there is nowhere to move to." "You don't understand," the idler insisted gravely. "I can't stay here and accept the hospitality of the man whom my father has — well, we needn't call it by name; but you see, now, don't you?" "No, I don't see. Colonel Pettus is a gentleman, Digitized by Google 26 THE FIRE BRINGERS on the one hand; and on the other, you are not Uni- versal Electric." "Perhaps I'm not. But just the same, I'm the pater's son." "Fiddlesticks! In that view of the case it would have been my proper move to let you drown under our unfinished dam!" "It would have been kinder than bringing me here to Colonel Pettus's house to be warmed alive. Now you see just how necessary it is that I should have my clothes, Tom Jeff." "I see how necessary it is that you should go to bed and forget all about it for a few hours. Miss Marion gave orders to have the best guest room pre- pared for you when Norman and I brought you in." "Miss Marion?" "Yes; the colonel's daughter and house mistress. When you see her in the morning and realize what the smash is going to do to her, you'll have another guess coming about the desirability of drowning under the dam. Have another drop of the peach before you go?" — with a hand reaching for the bottle on the mantel. "No; after what you have been saying, it would choke me." "All right, then; gather up your toga and come on and I'll chase you up the servants' stair. Aunt Dinah will have your clothes dried and pressed for you by the time you are ready to come down to break- fast" Digitized by Google in MY LADY OF THE ROSES Frederic Corydel fell asleep with the picture of a great room, dimly outlined in the flickering light of a wood fire, floating before his eyes ; with the hoarse murmur of the river, churning over the barrier wall of concrete, whispering to the rural silences ; and with the scent of dried lavender in his nostrils to remind him of a boyhood visit to another Southern home — the ancestral home of his mother's people. When he awoke the sun was shining in through one of the tall lambrequined windows; a new fire was crackling behind the brass fire screen ; and his clothes, quite dry and carefully pressed, were laid out for him. Beyond an antique highboy at the far end of the great chamber the door of a bath-room stood invitingly open. While he was lazily wondering if it were time for him to get up, the chamber door was opened and a black head — feminine for a guess, and neatly wound about with a bandanna kerchief — was thrust into the room. "Miss Marion she say would you-all hab yo' coffee in baid — or would you-all come down to breakfas' in de famly room?" "Ill come down, of course," the guest made haste to say ; and when the kerchiefed head was withdrawn he turned out and took his bath. It was not until he was quite ready to go to break- er Digitized by Google 28 THE FIRE BRINGERS fast that he took a moment at one of the windows to orient himself with the new and strange environ- ment The view he had chosen was comprehensive. As nearly as he could determine, the Georgian-porti- coed manor house was planted upon a natural terrace, magnificently groved and grass-grown, and falling gently away in front to the level river-bdttom fields. Beyond the terrace slope and the fields lay the scene of the industrial tragedy. A little to the right the river-bottom fields had been given over to the dam builders, and a space of a dozen acres or so was well cluttered with storehouses, great piles of material, machinery, and the shacks of the workmen. High overhead the multipled strands of an aerial caWeway were strung between steel towers on opposite sides of the river. Under the cableway and aligned ac- curately with it, was the white core wall of concrete forming the shore end of the dam. It seemed to be fully completed, though its buttressing of a great earth fill was not entirely in place. Half-way across the river, with its cofferdams now partly submerged by the high water, stretched the deep-water section of the structure, its straight line marked by the tossing spray of the surf wave over which the luckless Valkyrie XL and its crew of one had come to grief. On the opposite shore, and figur- ing as a deep cutting hewn out of the limestone flank of an abrupt, river-worn bluff, was the navigation lock. It was still incomplete, but its massive concrete walls had been carried well above high-water mark. To the left and a little below the dam on the hither side of the stream were the foundations for the power house; and above the barrier wall there was a river fringe of stone and sand barges, derrick scows, land- Digitized by Google MY LADY OF THE ROSES 29 ing stages, and two small stern-wheel steamboats used in the river work. Corydel was able to grasp the significance of it all with some degree of intelligence, the broken college course in structural engineering answering for so much. Also, he was quick to observe that the accent of the picture was lacking. In all the wide prospect there was not a workman in sight. The wheels of the machinery were motionless ; the shacks, bunk- houses, sfcre sheds and repair plants were deserted. Looking <J wn upon the scene from his bedroom win- dow, the idler, though he had never known the pleasures and pains of profit and loss, could still realize with some measure of sympathy what the in- dustrial tragedy must mean to Gordon and Colonel Pettus and their associates. "I wonder how much or how little the pater knows personally about this particular irruption of his cor- poration Goths and Vandals?" he mused. Then, an- swering his own query: "Nothing whatever, I sup- pose; at any rate, nothing beyond the general policy of reaching out to gather in all the little sheaves in the neighboring fields. Confound it all, I wish they'd keep their hands off my friends! Here I am, owing my fool life to Tom Jeff, and under any quantity of obligations to the colonel— or to his daughter — and all I can do is to stand here like a professional gloater and chortle over the ruins! I wonder if the pater couldn't be persuaded to call off his Universal Electric highbinders as a personal favor to me? By Jove! I believe Til ask him." Mildly excited by this idea of becoming the god from the car to the beleaguered Mussel Bar pro- moters, Corydel crossed the room to another window. Here the prospect was wholly pleasing. A broad vista Digitized by Google 30 THE FIRE BRINGERS between forest-clad mountains marked the onward course -of the river. Behind the manor-house terrace a lordly elevation rose in wooded slopes and benches to a gray cliff line at the high summit; and in and out among the upland trees, just now freshening in the tender greens of early spring, he could see the cuts and fills of a road winding up to the plateau moun- tain top. But the most pleasing aspect of the picture lay nearer at hand. Immediately under his window was an old-fashioned flower garden, with box hedges and prim, geometrical figures for the beds, lined out with narrow borders of green turf. Corydel looked down upon a pretty blazonry of jonquils and hyacinths, crocus and narcissus — and gave it only a passing glance. It was an alley of early-blooming roses that fixed his attention. Snipping deftly among the plants with her garden scissors was a young woman, bare- armed, bareheaded, and charmingly unconscious, if not of her own triumphant beauty, at least of the eyes that were rejoicing in it. Corydel took his hands from his pockets and moved aside to safety behind the lambrequin hangings. "Good Lord !" he ejaculated, apostrophizing the un- conscious vision in the rose garden, "where have I been all these years that I haven't discovered you be- fore, you — you glorious beauty!" Then the full measure of Gordon's gibing prophecy — about what would happen to him when he should see the colonel's daughter in the morning — struck home. In a few minutes, at farthest, he must go down-stairs and meet the vision ; sit at the breakfast- table with her and be her father's guest; be intro- duced by Gordon, and be made to suffer vicariously for the sins of Universal Electric. It was not sup- Digitized by Google MY LADY OF THE ROSES 31 posable that Miss Pettus would not place him instantly as his father's son. The Corydel name was riot com- mon enough to leave that loophole of escape among the comforting possibilities. It was a horrible thought, and to submerge it tem- porarily in a more acute emotion he looked again. She was coming toward the house with her hands full of roses. She was fairer than the flowers, though they were the first-born glories of the spring, without spot or flaw or blemish. Corydel took one turn, up and down the long room to gather his courage. Then he drew a deep breath and opened the door to find his way to the ground floor. The colonel's daughter was just coming in as he descended the stair in the great entrance hall, and if he had meant to be quite formal and conventional her greeting would have made any such attitude blankly impossible. "Good morning, Mr. Corydel," she smiled, alto- gether as if they had parted, friends of long standing, only the night before. "I hope you rested well after your shipwreck. Mr. Gordon told me about it, you know." "I hope he didn't tell you all the daffy things that led up to the shipwreck," he rejoined, happy to his finger-tips because her generosity, her nearness, her exquisite charm were all helping him to forget that he stood as Universal Electric's hostage in the house of the enemy. "He told me you were out in a motor boat and the motor wouldn't go ; that you drifted all the way down through the mountains in the dark. I should call such an experience quite terrifying enough, without being spilled into the river at the end of it." "Since it has made me Colonel Pettus' s debtor, and Digitized by Google 32 THE FIRE BRINGERS has given me a chance to renew an old friendship 99 he began, and then he broke off abruptly to say : "But that reminds me. Where is Gordon? I haven't seen him this morning." "Oh! Didn't you know? He went home last night." "Home?" echoed the guest "To South Tredegar, you mean?" "Oh, no; to Paradise Valley; about half-way from here to South Tredegar by the driving road. The Gordons live at Deer Trace — the old Dabney place — and you couldn't bribe Tom Jeff to spend die entire night away from Ardea and the children, if he could help it." * By this time he had followed her into the stately, oak-paneled dining-room where the table was closed to its smallest dimensions, with covers laid for only two persons. Apart from the joy of having the rose garden vision for his sole companion at breakfast, Corydel owned to an immense feeling of relief. From what Gordon had said, he had been led to infer that he might have to face the master of Beech ford at the morning meal. "Your father?" he queried, with exactly the proper shade of surprised regret. "Didn't Gordon tell me he was expected last night?" "He was; but the train was delayed by a freight wreck. He telephoned from South Tredegar a little while ago, and said he would take breakfast at the Marlboro and drive home afterward." Corydel took the place $he gave him, at the head of the table for two; and when a colored boy, sum- moned by the jingle of a silver hand bell, brought in tHe breakfast, he had the pleasure of serving his hostess, of telling her how he liked his coffee, of re- Digitized by Google MY LADY OF THE ROSES 33 counting for her the adventures of the drifting voyage. Also, he had the far more titivating pleasure of trying to discover the true keynote of her charm. At first he decided that the keynote was struck by her eyes, which were long-lashed and honest brown, with underdepths in which one might read the quality of a soul tender but resolute ; devoted, but also self-suffi- cient. Then he thought it was the perfect oval of her face. Next he recalled the apostolic saying that the glory of a woman is her hair, and he had to make a c ^nscious effort to go on talking while the better part of him was reveling in the glory of this particular young woman's hair. Finally, he concluded that all these perfections were only the symmetrical parts of an intoxicating and ecstatic whole ; that hair and eyes and face and figure were the harmonious expression of a lovely and lov- able soul. Men who knew him best accused him of a lack of discrimination, hinting that he was already jaded of women. It was the crudest misjudgment. Because there happen to be deeps which have never been stirred, it need not be assumed, offhand, that the deeps do not exist. Corydel's one unspoiled side was the side which was always turned toward women. And the subject of all these ecstatic under-thoughts? After she had fairly started him on the road of pure narrative, she was taking his measure, even as he was taking hers. What she saw was a handsome young fellow, with the clear eyes of clean living, with a round, good-natured face that was almost boyish in its frankness, with a mouth that smiled easily . . . "cherubic" was the word that kept suggesting itself, though she could imagine that the lines of the mouth and chin might settle into resolute obstinacy if the Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS occasion demanded. Added to the good impression he was making was a bit of womanly sympathy. It did not occur to her that he might not know anything at all about the Universal Electric-Mussel Bar tragedy : being his father's son, she supposed, as a matter of course, that he must know. Hence he must be finding his present situation awkwardly embarrassing. She exerted herself to make it less so. "I think I have the geography part of it a bit clearer now," he told her, when she had explained the rela- tive placings of Beechford, Paradise Valley, and South Tredegar, and had explained how the roundabout course of the river had brought him back to within a few miles of Mount Lebanon. "I suppose I needn't be ashamed to confess that I was beautifully lost last night I hadn't the remotest idea which way I was drifting after it got dark. But tell me — do you have to climb this pocket edition of Pike's Peak behind the house when you want to go to town?" "Only part way. The road goes over Dan's Gap and down the other side of the mountain into Paradise Valley. From the valley it goes over the shoulder of Mount Lebanon and so on into the city. The distance is really about twelve miles; but with the auto " Corydel laughed. "See how hopelessly provincial I am. Somehow, one doesn't think of autos this far from " "Say it," she encouraged, laughing with him. "This far from civilization, you mean. I can't blame you — after your experience last night with the man who wouldn't let you land at Trentor's Cove. That would be one of the Hershees, I imagine ; it is a family boast with them that no term of court passes without a Hershee being there to answer to his name." Digitized by Google MY LADY OF THE ROSES 3$ Corydd remembered Gordon's explanation of the ■ man-with-a-gun incident. "Tom Jeff told me that the fellow was probably a moonshiner. That place couldn't have been more than five or six miles from the city : is it possible that you have them that near?" "Oh, yes; quite possible. Only a few years ago farmers driving to town over Dan's Gap used to say that they could see the smQkes of at least three stills from the highest point in the Gap." "Which brings us back to mountain roads and auto- mobiles," said Corydel. "I think I saw some bits of your Dan's Gap road from my window this morning. It looked pretty risky, I thought." "There isn't any danger, with careful driving," she assured him; "not nearly as much as there is in the New York streets." "Do you know New York?" he asked quickly. "Quite well, thank you — for an outlander," she nodded, with a mocking little grimace. "I have even had your club pointed out to me." "My club!" he exclaimed in unfeigned astonishment. "Why, Miss Pettus — I didn't know you had ever heard of me!" "But I have, indeed; many times," she maintained, and she was evidently enjoying his confusion. "I say ; this isn't fair, you know," he laughed. Then, daring something for the sake of encouraging the pure comradeship of it: "You can't prove it." "Oh, but I can," she retorted, matching his mood instantly. "You were graduated at Yale; you spent a year in Boston, studying engineering; and, after that, you spent a year in Paris at the Beaux Arts. Then you came home and went out West somewhere, on a Pullman-car hunting expedition; then " Digitized by Google 36 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Check!" he countered with a good-natured grin. "You might have read all those things in a newspaper, if anybody was foolish enough to print them." "Wait," she commanded. "After the hunting ex- pedition, which wound up in a summer cruise to Alaska, your father insisted that it was high time you were doing something useful— either in business or in one of the professions you had been — er — playing with." She stopped abruptly, and then went on with a little gibing laugh: "My well of information has gone dry. I don't know whether you have done any of the useful things or not. Have you?" "No," he confessed shamefacedly; "not a single one of them, I'm afraid. Father gave me up, definitely and emphatically, two years ago ; said I wasn't fit for anything bigger than a lounging-chair in a club win- dow or a week-end at somebody's country place. Nice kind of a send-off, wasn't it? And the worst of it is, I had earned it. Now won't you please tell me where and how I happened to break into your horizon, Miss Pettus?" She nodded quite amicably. "It isn't so mysterious as it looks. I had a year in the Conservatory with your sister, where we were both taking piano. At the close of the year we came as far as New York together, and Bessie made me stop over a week-end with her. You were away some- where in the yacht" He was looking straight into the brown eyes now ■ — and forgetting everything else. "So you are that 'Marion'," he said musingly. "I ought to have known it at once. Bess has not yet quit talking about you. I hope, some day, you may come to New York again, when I'm there, and " He stopped as suddenly as if a section of the dining- Digitized by Google MY LADY OF THE ROSES 37 room ceiling had fallen upon him. Through the open window at his back came the mellow honk of an auto- mobile horn and the crunching of gravel under pneu- matic tires. Like a bucketing of cold water the sounds shocked him into a realization that the breakfast dream was ended. The colonel had come, and in another moment he would have to shake hands with Marion Pettus's father — the man whom his father had ruined, or was about to ruin. The discovery, presently made, that the automobile was Gordon's runabout, brought a tremendous sense of relief, and with the relief a nervous eagerness to get away before the thing he thought had happened should happen. Therefore he was dumbly thankful to Gordon for making short work of the parting. "You have slept him and fed him, and now I'll take him off your hands, Miss Marion," said the ironmaster cheerfully, adding: "I hope he hasn't proved alto- gether impossible?" "I have known Mr. Corydel for a long time — by repute," was the even-toned reply. "His sister and I were together in Boston." Then to the fleeing guest : "Must you really go before my father comes?" "I — I think I must; since Tom Jeff is wasting so much of his valuable time on me," stammered the Idler, torn between the wild horses of a longing to stay indefinitely within eye-reach of the vision of the rose garden, and the other and still wilder horses of a frantic anxiety to be gone before he should be obliged to meet the man who was going to be ground under the chariot wheels of Universal Electric. The pretty house mistress went with them to the carriage porch, and at the leave-taking gave her hand to Corydel, "It is only au revoir, I am sure," she said hos- Digitized by Google 38 THE FIRE BRINGERS pitably. "I don't believe Tom Jeff will let you run away to New York at once. And if he doesn't " "Good-by, and many, many thanks for your kind- ness to a shipwrecked mariner," said Corydel hastily, and to his intense relief, Gordon set the car in motion and the ordeal was over. They had made a storming mile or more up the mountain pike in comradely silence before a double horn blast from somewhere on ahead signaled Gordon to yield passing room. A few seconds later the down- coming vehicle shot by, and Corydel saw the single tonneau passenger as he lifted a hand in answer to Gordon's salutation. He was a man well along in years, large-bodied, and with a singularly benignant face and bearing which instantly reminded Corydel of the portraits of the South's greatest commander in the Civil War. "If one didn't know that General Lee is dead," he remarked thoughtfully ; and Gordon nodded. "You've said it; the resemblance is very striking. And it is hardly more so in feature than in char- acter." "Who is he?" asked the idler, knowing full well what the answer would be. "You've guessed it, I think," said Gordon soberly. "That is Colonel Semple Pettus ; the man who is going to be hit the hardest in the lost fight with Universal Electric. Does that get next to you in the way it ought to, Fred?" "It does ; and, as I remarked last night, you needn't rub it in." Digitized by Google IV THE HOSTAGE " 'Here endeth the first lesson/ " quoted Corydel, half regretfully, after the river, the Mussel Bar in- dustries, and the stately old manor house had been blotted out for the motorists by a turn in the high- lying glen called Dan's Gap, and Gordon's car, with the power off, began its long coast down the inland slopes of Mount Gilboa. Then: "Where are you taking me, Tom Jeff? — not that it makes any special difference; I'm not due anywhere." "I am taking you home," was the brief reply. "That is definite — and kind. But we shouldn't afflict Mrs. Gordon unnecessarily, should we? The unex- pected guest, you know, and all that. All things con- sidered, wouldn't it be better for me to go to town and pick up the threads where they were broken off yesterday?" Gordon put a little more energy into his braking foot and slowed the down-racing car to an argumenta- tive pace. "You have your own plans, Fred, and I haven't much use for the hospitality that makes a man do what he doesn't want to do," he began diplomatically; "but since your little adventure has flung you right up at our door, so to speak, I've been hoping you might find it possible to stay over with us, for a few days at least. Can't you?" "It's good of you, old man," returned the idler 39 Digitized by Google 40 THE FIRE BRINGERS warmly; "and more than good of Mrs. Gordon, who doesn't know me at all. But something tells me that I ought to break away — while I can." Gordon was quick to mark the qualifying phrase, and he pressed his advantage — still diplomatically. "You have fallen in love with our bunch of scenery tricks; you birds of passage all do that, when we can persuade you to miss a train and absorb a little of what the promoters would call 'the matchless en- vironment/ Didn't you find Beechford an enticing old place?" "So desperately enticing that, if the colonel wasn't bound to regard me as his sworn enemy, I might stay over and make a— er — a duty call, you know. I really ought to, after Miss Marion's kindness." "So you should," encouraged the diplomat. "Be- sides, I'd like to have you meet the colonel; in spite of your notion that you'd find him at feud with you. He is one of God's own gentlemen, Fred." "I am quite willing to take your word — and his face —for that." "You may. He is everybody's good friend. But, apart from the social side of it, there is another reason why I wish you might find it possible to stay over. If you knew the Pettuses as we do—" Corydel begged a cigar from his seatmate, got one, and requested a match. "You are beating about the bush, Tom Jeff, and that isn't precisely your long suit," he complained, when the lighted match had served its purpose. "You've got something else in the bottom of your mind. Turn it loose; I won't side-step." "All right, then ; here are the facts. Besides dump- ing his personal resources into the Mussel Bar pro- ject, the colonel has stood sponsor for the scheme with [^gitized by GoOglC THE HOSTAGE 4i a good many of his friends ; some of them well-to-do people in the city, but a good many of them small landowners up and down the river — people who can't afford to lose out I don't know how much or how little that would mean to the average promoter; not a great deal, I imagine. But to Colonel Pettus it means a long list of obligations which he will call debts of honor. There is no sacrifice he wouldn't make to pay them, and he will consider himself eternally disgraced if he can't pay them." "Ripping!" exclaimed Corydel softly. "I didn't suppose there were any of that kind left But where do I come in?" Gordon's reply was singularly irrelevant. "Do you happen to remember a fellow named Hern- shaw — Corwin Hernshaw ? He was taking hydraulics the year you were in Boston." "Rather," was the succinct rejoinder. "What did you think of him ?" "I didn't think of him at all, when I could help it I had met him the year before ; at the Vanderleys', for the fall shooting. He got all his birds sitting : I caught him at it" Gordon's smile was sardonic. "Shooting his birds without first putting them up isn't the only unsports- manlike thing he has done," he said; then, reminis- cently: "You never know beforehand what you are going up against in this little old round world of ours, Fred. Corry Hernshaw got his engineering degree and went into the Government service — Rivers and Har- bors. When we began work at Mussel Bar, it was our hard luck to have him sent down here as engineer in charge of the Government end of the job; the con- struction of the lock and its approaches. By that time / Digitized by Google 42 THE FIRE BRINGERS he had ripened into what an Englishman would call a 'bounder/ " "Chaps of his kind always do that/ 9 Corydd agreed. "We had trouble with him from the beginning/' Gordon went on. "Though the colonel wouldn't be- lieve it — and doesn't believe it yet — we are all pretty well convinced that he came on the job for a definite purpose, and that purpose was to delay the work with- out seeming to. As die Government supervisor, privi- leged to pass upon every dollar's worth of material we bought, and practically everything we did, he had every opportunity to trig the wheels. It's a hard thing to say to your father's son, but there is good reason to believe that he was even then on the secret pay-rolls of Universal Electric." "Don't mind me," said the indirect beneficiary of Universal Electric with a short laugh. "I'm used to being pointed out as the son of one of the malefactors of great wealth." "I was wondering if you couldn't do something to help out," hazarded the ironmaster, shifting his ground to the direct attack : "in the Hernshaw matter, I mean. You've made a good impression at Beechford. Marion ' Pettus is as sensible as they make them, but, like all young women, she has her touch of romance. And Heaven knows, your appearance on the scene was ro- mantic enough." "I don't quite get you," said Corydel doubtfully. "Then I'll make it a bit plainer. Hernshaw made good at Beechford. He can be a little of all things to all men — and to all women — when he tries. Colonel Pettus still maintains that he is an honest man and a gentleman." "Well?" "That being the colonel's attitude " Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE 43 "Never mind the colonel's attitude; you've made that plain enough. I am more interested in Miss Marion's. What does she think of this shooter of sitting birds?" / "I can only tell you what we all saw," said Gordon quietly. "Hernshaw spent a great deal of time at the manor house, and he seemed to be playing his op- portunities for all they were worth. I can't say just where he stands with Marion, but she has gone about a good bit with him, and he has taken pains to make it appear that he stands upon the footing of an ac- cepted lover. If that is so, something ought to be done about it." "Well, yes; I should say so!" gritted the idler. \ Gordon permitted himself a small grin of satisfac- tion. "When I saw you two together this morning it occurred to me that you might be the man to do the something, Fred," he ventured. "I know you're not the marrying sort, but it wouldn't hurt you to play up a little to as fine a girl as Marion Pettus — with the perfectly philanthropic object in view of saving her from the clutches of a fellow like Corwin Hernshaw." "Gad!" said the idler; "I like your nerve! And who told you I was not the marrying sort, I'd like to know? But never mind; go on and bring the busi- ness part of it down to date." "That part of it is a short horse and soon curried. Just before Universal Electric drove the final nail into our coffin by killing the extension-of-time bill in committee in Congress, Hernshaw resigned from the Government service and went North. Two days ago he returned, and he is in South Tredegar now, quietly pulling strings in an effort to find out if we are suffi- ciently dead to welcome the undertaker. Yesterday Digitized by Google 44 THE FIRE BRJNGERS I got a line on him from a friend of purs m New York. He is here with full authority from your — from the 'interests' to close us out — at his employers' figure, of course." - "Again I don't get you," said Cbrydel. "Why should anybody pay real money to have a plum picked when it will eventually ripen and drop into the basket automatically ?' Gordon took time to make his answer categorical. "There are two reasons, in this case. On the busi- ness side, Universal Electric can better afford to pay something on the nail than to wait for the plum to drop. Time is money; and the wear and tear and depreciation on a structure like our partly finished dam is a definite loss. We can't be forced out legally until our time limit has expired, and, if we choose to sit tight and do nothing, there will be a summer wasted and a big bill to pay for neglect." "That goes for one reason; what is the other?" "The other is Hernshaw's private graft As I have intimated, it is common talk that he wants to marry I the colonel's daughter; not for her money, because she'll never have very much, but because, like some other men of his breed, he'd like to marry up and im- prove the strain." "Ump! I've met that sort of beggar, npw and then," said Corydel briefly. "Go on." "I can't go on any farther," Gordon objected. "As ' I say, I don't know just where Hernshaw stands with Marion. But I do know this : that he has come back with the strongest argumlnt'that could be brought to bear — sentimental promptings aside, of course — upon a young woman of Marion Pettus's quality ; that is the power to bury her father under a mountain of debt, or, possibly, to rescue him. She is modern Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE 45 enough to be very clear-sighted. If Hernshaw makes Universal Electric's offer to our stockholders, and it is accepted, I shall look for some proviso in it which will make it optional with Hernshaw to take care of the colonel's honor debts or not, just as he pleases." CorydeTs eyes narrowed. "The marriage of those two would be like putting fine-spun silk and dirty bur- lap into the same garment," he commented grittingly. Then, as though a sudden gust had blown the wrath fire ablaze without warning : "I'm damned if that pot- hunter shall marry her, Tom Jeff!" Into the cool gray eyes of the owner of the drifting car leaped a little flash of pardonable triumph. He had aimed well, shot fine, and scored. "I was hoping it might appeal to you that way," he said gravely. "Still, I don't see just where / break in," Corydel protested. "I'm handicapped right at the start — being the pater's son. Of course, I suppose I can butt in at Beechford, and Miss Marion and the colonel will be good to me for sheer hospitality's sake. But that won't get me anywhere." Without being gifted with quite all of the harm- lessness of the dove, Gordon still had his fair share of the wisdom of the serpent. "All in good time — if you're really game for it, Fred," he argued. "The mere fact that you are here, on the ground, will start something. If you don't do anything more than to let me put you up as my guest at the Cupola Qub, we shall have Hernshaw guessing." "You mean hell think I'm down here in the inter- ests of Universal Electric for the purpose of keeping cases on him? He needn't make any such stumble as that, when a wire to New York will bring out the Digitized by Google 46 THE FIRE BRINGERS facts. Whatever else he may be, Hernshaw is no fool You'll have to guess again, Tom Jeff." •'For an excuse to make you stay with us?" "No, by Jovef I'm going to stay long enough to make that duty call over on the other side of this mountain, at least." "All right/' said Gordon. "I've let you see what was in my mind ; the hope that in some way you might help us hold Hernshaw down when it comes to putting the final turn of the thumbscrews upon the colonel — and Marion. If you can't, you can't; and that is all there is to it" For a little time, while the runabout was negotiating the final curves in the Gilboa descent, Corydel was grumpily silent — an entirely new forthshowing, for him. At length he broke out in as near an approach to impatience as his good-natured, easy-going habit would sanction. "Confound you, Tom Jeff; you're trying to pull my leg and make me buckle down to work! Don't you believe for a single minute that I'd be any good at that. I'm hopeless on that side." Gordon smiled like a villain of sorts and fired the final cartridge in his clip. "If you feel that way, you needn't waste time mak- ing that duty call you speak of. I imagine that Cor- win Hernshaw's acceptance at Beechford is largely due to the fact that he is a worker in all that the word implies. Even his worst enemy must concede that he belongs to the tribe of those who bring things to pass. I can tell you frankly that Marion Pettus^s ideal is the man who does things." The little roadster had doubled the looped curve at the foot of Mount Gilboa and was leaving the mountain road to race out upon a white limestoned Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE 47 pike bisecting lengthwise a broad valley which had a line of rounded hills for one boundary and die heavily forested slopes of Mount Lebanon for the other. After a few miles of the pike had flicked to the rear, villas and country houses began to appear to signal the approach to the city lying just beyond the Lebanon shoulder. One of these was a great stone house, ivy- covered and standing well back in its groved lawn, with a white driveway circling up the slope to its door and an air of old-time plantation solidity enveloping it like a stately garment. "Deer Trace/' said Gordon, slowing the car pre- paratory to making the turn into the driveway. "I shan't ask you to stay if you don't want to, but you must at least come in and pay your respects to Ardea and the kiddies. I'll take you on to town afterward." "Just a minute," Corydel interposed, arousing him- self as one struggling out of a maze of self-centering abstraction* "I haven't turned your invitation down, have I? I'll accept it, thankfully, and say that it's mighty good of you and Mrs. Gordon to take me in. But before we get any farther along, let me ask if there is a telegraph office any nearer than the city." "There is; we have a commercial wire at our rail- road station — Gordonia. Shall I drive you down?" "If you don't mind." Gordon let the clutch in again and the little car sped away down the pike, giving the New Yorker a passing glimpse of an artistic little stone church, a brick school-house, and more of the suburban villas. At a gap in the rounded hills through which the pike ran out across a gridironlng of railroad tracks there was an industrial village, with an iron smelting fur- nace, a pipe foundry, a long double rank of coking Digitized by Google 48 THE FIRE BRINGERS ovens and the delivery end of a coal-mine tramway for its nucleus. 'This is where I am supposed to earn my living/ 1 said Gordon, indicating the industrial plants. "We'll come down later on and loaf around a bit, if you care to see what a workingman's job looks like. Here is your telegraph shop/' and he stopped the car at the platform of the small railway station. Corydel went in to write his message, and Gordon sat in the roadster, looking on through the open door of the station as he waited. Judging from the number of spoiled blanks which the idler crumpled up and thrust into his pocket before the final draft was pre- pared, the composition process did not facilitate itself. Gordon was not impatient For weeks he had been desperately catching at straws in the Mussel Bar in- volvement; and there was a remote possibility — very remote, it seemed, now that he came to consider it soberly — that Mr. Frederic Y. CorydeTs appearance on the scene might prove to be something more substan- tial than a straw. The young ironmaster — he was still in his early thirties — smiled mirthlessly. He knew, as all the busi- ness world knew, something of the ruthless quality of the elder Corydel, trust-builder and multimillion- aire commander on the fiercely fought field of the marketplace. The smile based itself upon a little mental picture. He could visualize the shrewd old dictator of the markets flying into wrathful ecstasies when he should learn that his unprofitable son had inadvertently stumbled over the lines into an enemy camp. Further, he assured himself that the astute old financier would not be slow in reaching the con- clusion that the "enemy" would promptly make use of the windfall if the opportunity should offer itself. Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE 49 In which case, the stumbler would probably hear at least the echo of an explosion. Gordon smiled again and wondered what the out- come would be. His one-year college intimacy with Frederic Corydel had developed a friendship founded, as many manhood friendships are, upon sheer di- versity. Corydel, in his outlook upon life, was ^the precise antitype of the old Tennessee ironmaster's son; the iron in the Gordon character being opposed to malleable copper or elusive quicksilver in the son of the multimillionaire. Yet, with all Corydel's lack of ambition and his obstinate refusal to take himself or the world about him seriously, Gordon had discovered in the spoiled son of fortune a host of lovable quali- ties, sunny good-nature, quick and comr^lely sym- pathies, loyalty of the finest texture, and, — with the vastest opportunities for dissipation, — the unsullied morals of a clean-minded child. On the other hand, however, the lack of ambition appeared to be hopelessly ingrained. As he had often complained to Gordon, the spur of necessity was too short to reach him. Amply provided for, not only by the paternal purse, but by a liberal fortune inherited from his mother's side of the family, money-making as an occupation held no charms for him ; and if there were other possibilities lying dormant under the good- tempered, boyish bonhotntnie which enabled him to boast that he hadn't an enemy in all the world, noth- ing in his money-spending, sport-loving life had ever gone deep enough to awaken them. "Sorry to have kept you waiting so long," said the unprofitable one, coming out of the station to climb to his place in the roadster. "Had an important mes- sage to send, and I couldn't word the bally thing to Digitized by Google 50 THE FIRE BRINGERS suit me. Where do we go now — back to your medieval castle?" "Not quite yet," said Gordon, getting out of the car in his turn. "When I was at the Marlboro yester- day inquiring for you, I told the clerk to put your room on his vacant list, and to hold your belongings until they should be wired for. Ill call him up and tell him to shoot your baggage out on the afternoon 'Short Dog*; otherwise, the local train over the rail- road" Corydel grinned. "Which is to say that you've meant all along to hold me as a hostage for the good behavior of Universal Electric," he charged good- naturedly. "All right; Til forgive you, on one con- dition — and that is that you will let me drop into your household as one of you." / "You couldn't come to Deer Trace in any other way/ 9 said Gordon ; after which he went in to call up the hotel. Knowing Gordon and his ideals, Corydel was not surprised to find in the great stone house girded about by the primeval oaks an atmosphere of gentle refine- ment harmoniously consonant with the character of its mistress. In conjunction with many other pas- times, the idler had dabbled amateurishly in American genealogy; and he thought he could read, in the slate- blue eyes of the fair-haired young matron who wel- comed him, the story of the Huguenot D'Autrignes of the colonies, reaching back to the pre-Revolutionary days before they became the Dabneys of Virginia and of Deer Trace. At the welcoming handclasp he knew that his welcome in Gordon's home would be all that Southern hospitality and gentle breeding could make it, and he fell in love on the spot with his hostess. Beyond this came the instant fraternizing with the Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE little Caspar, a handsome youngster who had his mother's dear-seeing eyes and the beginnings of a resolute chin like his father's, and with the still younger mite who bore her mother's name of Ardea, and who, like her mother, gave him both of her tiny hands in welcome. Corydel was neither too world- worn nor too completely a man's man to be indifferent to children; and he took it as a hardship when, after an early luncheon, Gordon dragged him away to the industrial village at the foot of the valley to walk him through endless foundry alleys and machine-shop bays, and around and about through the mazes of the huge, self-contained industry which had grown up in a few short decades out of the primitive iron furnace founded by the little Caspar's great-grandfather. It was nearing the early country dinner hour when they returned to the house among the oaks, and when they entered, Gordon's wife was at the piano with her children at her knees. Corydel looked in at the home- like picture for a moment on his way up to his room, and with the look came a sudden conviction that he was missing something — something that Tom Jeff had found in its most abundant measure. As he ascended the stair he had another glimpse through the open portieres of the living-room. Gordon had come in from putting the car away and was sitting in a deep Morris-chair with the babies in his arms. The piano was silent, and the wife had come to stand beside her husband. The guest had gone up and on when she broke out excitedly: "TeU me, Tom — I didn't have a moment's chance to ask you before you went away after luncheon. Did he make a good impression? Does Marion like him? But, of course, you couldn't tell." "It is working like a fortune-teller's charm," he Digitized by Google 52 THE FIRE BRINGERS laughed. "The colonel didn't reach home last night, at alL He got in very late and slept at the Marlboro. He drove over this morning in the touring car and we passed him on the mountain road as we were com- ing out As for the 'impressions/ I can't answer for Marion's — though I could give a pretty good guess at Fred's. They breakfasted together, and it came out that Marion and Fred's sister, Elizabeth, had been together in the Conservatory in Boston." "How splendid!" said the pretty matron. "He's such a dear boy; anybody can see that by just looking at him— and seeing him with the children. If he'll only stay a while until Marion can come to know him and measure him up beside that brute of a Hern- shaw 99 "Let's be fair to the brutes," the husband inter- rupted. "Hernshaw has the tinted streak in him, I'll admit, but because he happens to be doing what thou- sands of other corporation hired men are doing all over the country, we mustn't figure him as a superman in rascality. He isn't altogether that; if he were, Marion would shy from him as she would from a snake. She'd know it, even if she didn't know why she knew it" "Perhaps you are right," conceded the wife. "But tell me more about the breakfast couple. Does Mr. Corydel talk as if he liked Marion?" "That is putting it rather mildly, I should say. He is scared pale at the thought of facing the good old colonel ; but he's hooked just the same. Coming over the mountain I handed Hernshaw out to him, cold, and that settled it He swore like the hero in a play : 'Never! — so help me bob!' and all that. If I hadn't kept a firm hold on him this afternoon he would have walked bat-blind into pipe-pits and tar baths — any old Digitized by Google THE HOSTAGE 53 trap that offered itself. And I don't believe he heard more than one word out of every ten I handed him." * The pretty chatelaine of Castle Deer Trace nodded brightly. | "I'm hoping hard, Tom, dear; it's such an incredi- bly wonderful meeting!" she said, in the first fine thrillings of the matchmaker's ecstasy. "And yet — and yet I don't quite see what can come of it, with things as they are in the business war." But something had already come of it, as Corydel, in the room above stairs, was at that moment discover- ing. On the writing-table, where he would be sure to find it, lay the answer to his wire of the forenoon. He tore the envelope across and read the typewritten lines. The message was brief but brutally explicit. It bore the New York date line, and had come by way of South Tredegar and the local wire to Gordonia. "To Frederic Y. Corydel, Gordonia, Tennessee. 'Take fingers out Mussel Bar sugar bowl and come home. If have lost mind will send doctor. "Hiram Cokyml." Digitized by Google V ENTOMOLOGICAL Ok the morning following his installation as a mem- ber of the family at Deer Trace, Corydel begged off when Gordon offered to drive him to the city, pleading laziness as an excuse, and spending the forenoon play- ing with the children on the lawn. After luncheon he borrowed the small car that Gordon kept for use in emergencies; and his hostess, watching him drive away, smiled as she saw him take the left-hand turn into the pike. "He is going to pay his bread-and-butter call at Beechford," she told herself, in the true matchmaker's spirit of prophecy ; and the prediction hit the mark. ' When the ramshackle little car had rattled across the valley to the foot of Gilboa it was duly twisted aside and set to grinding its laborious way up the mountain. At the top of the ascent in the Dan's Gap road the fan belt came off, and Corydel stopped and got down to replace it. While he had his head under the hood, a voice, playfully shocked, said, "Oh! I hope it isn't another shipwreck!" and he extricated himself quickly. Under the trees on the opposite side of the road stood the rose garden vision transformed into a mountain- climbing maiden; neatly buttoned leggings, short skirt, shooting jacket with pockets, and a campaign hat, and with a basket on her arm. Corydel grinned like a pleased tabby cat. "My luck never deserts me," he bubbled cheerfully. 54 Digitized by Google ENTOMOLOGICAL 55 "If this wheezy old go-cart of Tom Jeffs had made a little better time up the hill I might have missed you." Then with a glance for the basket: "Wild flowers?" 7Hepaticas and anemones/' she nodded. "May I go along and help gather them?" "Why not?" she answered promptly. "Only some- body might steal your car." "I'd wish 'em joy of it and go and buy Tom Jeff a better one," he countered ; and putting a shoulder to the stopped car he pushed it off to the roadside: "That's that: pity we can't side-track all of our trou- bles that easily, isn't it? How is your good father to-day?" "He is not very well, and I am making him stay in his room. I think he must have taken cold in the Pull- man. Oh, no; it's nothing serious," she qualified, in deference to Corydel's swiftly adjusted look of sym- pathetic solicitude; "if it were, I shouldn't have left him. But the afternoon was so fine — isn't it perfect?" "Perfection is its middle name," the idler avowed, bubbling again; "the perfect other half of an Elysian day. Don't you know, I put in the whole forenoon playing tag and 'I spy' with the Gordon kiddies. Ac- tually made me feel young again. Tom Jeff ought to be a mighty happy man." "He is; and I knew they'd make you stop over," she asserted, leading the way through a thicket of young pines to the hardwoods beyond, and so on to the steep talus which ran up to the foot of the battlement cliffs. "They are the salt of the earth, Tom Jeff and Ardea ; and the children are the dearest ever. I hope you don't mind scrambling a bit." Corydel shook his head. "Not in the least ; I enjoy it My laziness doesn't take that 'form — though I'll admit that it does take most of the others. The pater Digitized by Google 56 THE FIRE BRINGERS and Bess both say it does, anyway. Do you ever write back and forth — you and Bess?" ^Quite often," was the encouraging answer; and as they climbed toward the mountain top, filling the basket as they went with early violets and dewy petaled hepat- icas and the delicate blooms of the shy wind-flower, Miss Pettus's intimacy with the sister, and the events of the music-studying year in Boston, served as com- mon ground, with Corydel lamenting whatever vagrant impulse it was that had sent him afield — or rather afloat— on the one occasion when his present com- panion had been his sister's house guest. In due course the flower-gathering ramble led them to the plateau summit of the table-like mountain, and a little later they came out upon the escarpment cliff of water-etched and lichened sandstone, with the Mus- sel Bar incompletenesses arid the mansion and domain of Beechford so directly below as to make it seem possible to drop a pebble upon them. Corydel said what was meet about the magnificent view, and when his companion sat down in a sun- warmed hollow of the cliff top to pick over and arrange her flowers, he stretched himself luxuriously on the moss at her feet and asked if he might smoke. Per- mission given, he lighted a cigarette, locked his hands under his head, and proceeded to give a life-like imi- tation of a man superlatively at peace with himself and his surroundings. 'This is something like/' he murmured; "soft blue sky, mellowing sunshine, Great Nature's harmonies, and just enough isolation to keep a strugglesome world at a respectful distance. What more could anybody ask?" The young woman who was presumably ameliorat- Digitized by Google ENTOMOLOGICAL ing the isolation to die exactly proper degree looked up quickly. "For an hour's relaxation — nothing," she agreed. "Why limit it?" he queried with mock seriousness. "Nature doesn't— excepting for the bread-and-meat necessities." "What about the bees and ants?" "They are Nature's comedians," he gibed lightly; "horrible warnings to point out what happens when the work habit becomes an incurable disease." "King Solomon didn't think so when he was giving advice to the sluggard," she slipped in shrewdly. "No, not if you take him, or whoever it was who wrote the Book of Proverbs, literally. But can't you imagine the old holy writer setting down such a thing as that with his tongue in his cheek? 'Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways and be wise.' What could be more foolish than the way an ant wastes energy running around and about; out to the end of a blade of grass and back again— -out to the end of the next blade and back? To my mind, the grasshopper is a paragon of wisdom in comparison." "The human grasshopper, also?" she queried. "Why not? I grant you that the world is chiefly peopled by the ant-kind. But what comes of all the aimless running about? What do the ants get out of it? Just what they can consume, and no more. By the same token, the grasshopper gets that, as well." The answer to this came like a flash. "Yes; if the grasshopper happens to inherit from some of the ants." Corydd sat up and lighted another cigarette. "I say!" he exclaimed musingly; "that's still another angle to it, isn't it ? Neat way of putting it, too : might turn it into a clever little inscription for the grass- Digitized by Google 58 THE FIRE BRINGERS hopper's tombstone : 'Here lies the legatee of an indus- trious ant.' What is your theoryvif I may ask?" "Of life, you mean?" "Ye-es; of what we call life." "I'm not sure that I have any; not what you would » call a theory." "Would you abolish the grasshoppers ?" "No; I think I should merely ignore them." ''Ouch!" he grimaced, clasping his hands over his knees. "Then I suppose I'm invisible to you." She smiled at him, level-eyed. "Are you one of the grasshoppers ?" "You know very well that I am ; you couldn't chum with Bess from an October to a June without finding out at least that much about me." "Why are you?" she asked. "Now you have cornered me: perhaps — you will notice that I cautiously insert the 'perhaps^ — it is be- cause I haven't yet been able to discover anything that seems worth while." "You studied engineering, didn't you?" "A little. But there are plenty of engineers in the world without dragging me in." "And architecture?" "Also a little. And there are lashings of architects. Why should I butt in and take some needy chap's job?" "Then the world doesn't need you at all? Is that what you are trying to tell me?" The idler blinked a bit at this. The women of his particular set troubled themselves not at all about such deep-welled things as the logic of life, and the discov- ery of a woman who did gave him a distinctly new and captivating sensation. Where had this glorious beauty, this daughter of a South which is supposed to hold its women well aloof from the workaday prob- Digitized by Google ENTOMOLOGICAL 59 lems, absorbed all these disquieting ideas— disquiet- ing, that is, to a light-hearted grasshopper? He set the query in words. "I think I've been missing something. I've had an idea — which is pretty generally shared north of Mason and Dixon's line, I think — that Southern women didn't trouble themselves unduly about the modern 'world problems.' Are we all wrong?" "What naif nonsense!" she laughed; "as if progress and growth were matters of longitude and latitude! You shouldn't confuse time and space. My grand- mother might have taken your estimate of Southern women as a compliment, but I don't. I belong to my own generation." "Which means that you can see eye to eye with a man?" "Which means that, in common with other women of to-day, I can usually distinguish between black and white, and am able to break with the traditions far enough to take my place in a growing world. But you haven't answered my question. Doesn't the world need you?" "If it does I haven't heard it mention the fact out loud," he returned. "Perhaps you haven't cared to listen." "That may be. What should I listen for?" "As if I, or any one, could tell you that!" she re- torted. "But the call has sounded ; it sounds for every one. There is something for you to do ; something that no one else can do. That is the law.'V "You and Tom Jeff!" he protested whimsically. "You two might have been conspiring against my peace of mind. He is always telling me that I'm nothing but an excrescence upon the body economic." "Do you really like to be that!" Digitized by Google 6o THE FIRE BRINGERS "No man in his right mind cares to be a wart," he replied. "But I'm no superman, to be able to work without an object And the labors of others — as you so justly pointed out a few moments ago— have made all the reasonable objects attainable without my having to work for them." "Oh; if you are thinking only of the objects that money will attain," she threw in; "things that you could buy and pay for out of your purse " "Quite so," he interrupted; "the money-bought things don't amount to much; I know, because I've tried 'em. Had a fit of the generosities once and boosted a couple of fellows through the Tech. And the first thing they both did when they got out was to pay me back. If you could show me just one of the other kind of things, Miss Marion . . . you see, you've paid me the compliment of taking me seriously ; something I think no one else has ever done. I'm not wholly irreclaimable, I hope; dogs are fond of me, and so are children. But I've never had anybody to prod me along. Of course, the pater does it ; but his idea of a successful man clusters, so to speak, upon a person who can make two dollars grow where only one grew before." The flowers were all neatly arranged, and Miss Pettus got up and brushed the broken stems from her lap. "I must be going back to Colonel-Daddy," she said. "He may be wanting me to read to him." Then: "There are so many things worth doing — if one only has the will to do them. Not for one's self, always; of tener for others, I think ; and in that way to leave the world a little bigger or better because one has lived in it. But your true grasshopper doesn't often attain that point of view, I imagine. Shall we go down Digitized by Google ENTOMOLOGICAL 61 the way we came up? There is a shorter path, but it is much steeper." Corydel was past caring very much which way they should go down. In that remark of hers about the true grasshoppers and their point of view there was a grave taunt to bite into some inner layer of him that had never been penetrated before. Good-natured re- sentment had the first word. Easy-going, irresponsible habit rose up to protest complainingly against any en- croachment upon its prerogative. Why should any one, and most of all this altogether lovely priestess of the high temples, wish to drag him out of his com- fortable niche in life and push him into a strenuous world battle for which he had no enthusiasm? But hot upon the heels of the mild resentment came another thought. Universal Electric— otherwise the Corydel millions — held the fortunes of this lovely priestess in the hollow of its hand ; and if Gordon had foreshadowed the facts correctly, the only avenue of escape for her and her father was going to be a toll- road, to be opened or closed at the will of a man who shot his birds sitting. So far, so good— or, rather, so bad. There was evidently a crying need for a god in the machine; an interference that would let some better man than Cor- win Hernshaw dictate the terms and carry off the prize. But would the interference be welcome to Mar- ion Pettus and her father if Hernshaw were made the victim of it? Corydel recalled Gordon's summing-up of that phase of the tangle : Hernshaw had contrived to keep his state and standing at Beechford up to the mark; the colonel accepted and believed in him, and the colonel's daughter went about with him— enough, at least, to set gossiping tongues to wagging. Trying to get some man-sized grasp of the sit- Digitized by Google 62 THE FIRE BRINGERS uation, Corydel was silent for the greater part of the way down to the place where he had left the borrowed car. But when they reached the road and the car he went back to that saying of hers about the unim- portance, in the cosmic scheme, of the drones. "I have been wondering if there were any way in which I could make myself visible to you, Miss Mar- ion," he said, half pleadingly. "It's a bit awkward to be invisible to people you'd like to have see you." "And you really think you couldn't be an ant?" she laughed. "Not in my father's sense of the word. But perhaps there are other ways." "Plenty of them," she agreed quickly. "Pm sure you can find some of them, if you try." "You think you couldn't help me try?" "Certainly I'll help, if I can." "That's tremendously good of you. Don't you know, there are times when I can almost bring myself to the point of believing that I'm worth saving — if anybody cared to take the trouble. You'll let me drive you home, won't you? I'd like to have your father know that I was decent enough to call." She acquiesced, and he helped her into the car. The run down the river-fronting slope of Gilboa was quickly made, and Corydel did not prolong his stay at the manor house. For the first time in an interval too long to be readily measured he craved solitude and a chance to think; time and the opportunity to pry into the medley of new, half-formed desires and out- reachings stirring in that hitherto unpenetrated inner layer of him. Hence, the sun was still mid-afternoon high when he put the little car at the long hill for the drive back to Deer Trace. He had topped the hill in the Gap, and was letting Digitized by Google ENTOMOLOGICAL 63 the borrowed hackabout roll down the landward grades and around the curves with the switched-off motor for a brake, when he heard the blast of an automobile horn somewhere on the windings below him; the mellow honk-honk being presently followed by the breeze-borne drumming of a high-powered motor. A minute or so later a smart roadster came storming up the hill to meet him, and he pulled aside to give the ascending car the right of way. A mere flitting glance was all he had of the driver of the roadster; a well-set-up, soldierly looking man with cropped mustaches and a pointed beard. But one of the Corydel gifts was an excellent memory for faces, and the passing glimpse was enough. The idler was grinning impishly as he steered the borrowed car back into the downward road. "You're a bit late, Corwin, old top," he chuckled to the world at large. "This is one time when I beat you to it. If I'm not much mistaken, Miss Marion Pettus has taken over the job of reforming me, and if that doesn't keep her busy, 111 miss my guess by a whole row of apple-trees." Wherein a sport-loving idler, coasting on down the Gilboa hill road, spake far better than he knew, un- consciously skirting the edges of a truth as wide as humanity. For of all known methods of evoking the service-love lying ready to be stirred in the heart of every true woman there is none so potent as that which offers the chance of saving some man from the devil — even if the devil be only the comparatively harmless imp of inutility in a perspiring world. Digitized by Google iVT THE EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER It was on the day following Corydel's ramble on Mount Gilboa with Marion Pettus that a number of the principal stockholders in Mussel Bar Power & light met by appointment in the directors' room at the Iron Qty National Bank in South Tredegar, to "view the remains," as Halsey, the thin-lipped, red-headed secre- tary of the Chiawassee Car & Foundry Company, crab- bedly phrased it The call for the meeting had been sent out by Presi- dent Henniker, of the^Iron City National; and the president himself, a large-bodied, unctuous gentleman, with a badgered look in his near-sighted gray eyes, sat at the head of the directors' table. Gordon was the last man to enter the room. When he had taken his seat between Dandridge, of the Stove Works, and Gid- dings, of Wassahatchie Cotton-Seed Oil, Mr. Henniker tapped on the table for silence. "Gentlemen, if you will please come to order: As we all understand, this informal — ah — meeting was called for the purpose of affording us an opportunity, as majority stockholders in Mussel Bar Power & Light, to listen to Colonel Pettus's report on the situa- tion at Washington," he began, in the ponderously formal manner which he carefully cultivated for public and semi-puMic occasions. "In view of that fact, it is a matter for sincere regret that the colonel is unable to be with us. His daughter telephoned me an hour 64 Digitized by Google EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 65 ago that an illness, contracted on his return journey, confines him to his room at Beechford." This announcement was received in discouraged silence by the assembled stockholders ; and it was Hal- sey, the Car & Foundry man, who first broke it. "I suppose it doesn't make any material difference/ 9 he commented dejectedly. "We all know that Colonel Pettus went up against it in Washington, good and plenty/' Henniker answered the implied query by length and breadth. "The colonel's mission, I am sorry to say, was en- tirely unsuccessful. With the Congress adjourned, the War Department definitely refuses to act; disclaims the authority for any action, even of a provisory nature/' A heavy-faced, bearded man at the lower end of the table — Allerton, president of the Cherokee Spinning Milk — growled like a prodded lion. "I'm stung for an even fifty thousand in this scheme," he exploded. "I'm going home to charge it off to profit and loss. That's what the rest of you had better do/' At this, Dandridge, who was Allerton's twin for bigness and masterful burliness, broke in gruffly: "Hold up a minute, Allerton; let's thresh it out, now that we're all here. Mr. President, I move that a meet- ing of the directors be called to take immediate steps to realize upon the tools, equipment and machinery, and the unused material now on hand. We may as well save what we can before the sheriff gets action." There were several disheartened seconds to the in- formal motion; and there was only one man — little Timmons Dysart, principal stockholder in the South Tredegar Brick Company — who ventured to oppose Digitized by Google 66 THE FIRE BRIN^ERS ' this summary winding up of the affairs of the Power & Light Company. "I hate to see Mussel Bar lie down and die like a sick cow!" he snapped. "If we don't get cheap power in South Tredegar we're on the toboggan. We've been trying to keep it quiet, but it's no use. I know of two big corporations in the North who are talking, right now, of closing their South Tredegar branch fac- tories ; and there'll be more to follow. I tell you, gen- tlemen, if Mussel Bar goes to the wall now, we're going to have a slump that will make every business man in this town wish he had died before he was born!" There was a general murmur of assent to this prophecy of evil threatening, but no helpful sugges- tions. Gordon sat back in his ch^ir and waited, watch- ing Henniker through half-closed eyelids. He was wondering why the president did not spring his little surprise ; wondering, too, just what carefully designed cloakings the surprise would wear. Mr. Vancourt Henniker was merely biding his time. In delicately balanced business crises the psychological moment counts for much. When, in the president's judgment, the fortunate moment had arrived, he tapped again on the table for silence. "If we assume that Colonel Pettus, and the small stockholders forming his personal group, will stand with us, we may say that a working majority of Mussel Bar Power & Light is represented here in this meeting," he said. "That being the case, it will be proper for me to lay before you, and for you gentlemen to consider, a proposal which, if accepted, will at least minimize the loss for those of us who are most deeply involved in this unfortunate enterprise." "Let's have it," rasped Dysart. He was neither a depositor in, nor a borrower from, the Iron City Digitized by Google EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 67 National; and his regard for the unctuous gentleman at the head of the table was small. "You all know Mr. Corwin Hernshaw," the presi- dent went on smoothly. "After he resigned from the Government service he was retained by a — ah — by a syndicate of New York capitalists interested in hydro- electric power-and-light propositions. Knowing the peculiar situation at Mussel Bar, he has been able to do us a good turn. He is in South Tredegar at this time with authority to make us a cash offer for a controlling interest in Mussel Bar Power & Light; and although the offer is not a large one — is, in point of fact, considerably less than half a loaf — it is better than no bread/' Instantly four or five voices clashed in a simultaneous and exactly similar question. "Who are the New Yorkers?" Mr. Henniker raised a fat hand in deprecating pro- test. "Quite properly, Mr. Hernshaw is obliged to re- spect the confidence of his principals," he explained. "Until he sees fit to name them, we have no means of ascertaining who they are. But that is quite beside the mark. What Mr. Hernshaw wishes to know is this: Will the principal shareholders of Mussel Bar Power & Light consider a proposal from him? If so, he will present it in due form with proper guaranties." It was John Giddings, of the cotton-seed oil company, who wanted more information. "That is all very well for Hernshaw," he put in, "but it is up to us to take the long look ahead. How do we know that this isn't a move on the part of the coal barons to kill Mussel Bar outright? It would pay 'em to do it. Or, if the coal people are not be- hind it, how are we going to know that it isn't Uni- Digitized by Google 68 THE FIRE BRINGERS versal Electric slipping in to nail us up in a coffin of high power prices to the third and fourth generation ?" "Yes/' Dysart agreed raucously, "and what 4o these New Yorkers without a name propose to do — finish the dam in the unexpired remainder of our time limit? If they are able to do that, why can't we do it?" Again the fat Henniker hand went up for silence. "One moment, gentlemen, if you please!" Then to Dysart: "Your question, Mr. Dysart, goes to the heart of the matter. By the most — ah — stupendous ex- penditure of money and effort we might — might, I say — be able to complete th<? work within the time limit prescribed by the enabling Act of Congress. But where, if you will permit me to ask, is the money com- ing from? As chairman of the finance committee, I have already reported the failure to place the bond issue. Without the additional capital which we hoped to derive from the sale of the bonds, we are prac- tically at a stand." This seemed to be the conviction of the majority of those present, with Gordon holding his peace, and Dy- sart finding himself in a minority of one. After some little pointless discussion, Halsey, the Car & Foundry man, spoke for the capitulators. "While of course we can't take any legal action here this morning in au meeting of this kind, Mr. Henniker, I think you may safely say to Mr. Hernshaw that any proposal he may make will be favorably considered by the directors of Mussel Bar. Since we are going to lose the carcass, anyhow, we may as well save die hide, hoofs and horns. I'll offer the suggestion that you take the sense of the meeting in a rising vote." The president acted promptly. "Those who agree with Mr. Halsey will please rise," he said, setting the good example himself. Digitized by Google \ EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 69 All stood up save Dysart and Gordon. Not to leave the smallest loophole for future misunderstandings, the bank president gave Gordon his opportunity. "You have not expressed yourself either way, Mr. Gordon," he pointed out suavely. x The young ironmaster got upon his feet and reached for his hat. "One of the things I have learned, in politics — and business — Mr. Henniker, is never to disturb the har- mony of the caucus programme," he said bluntly ; and when the door was opened he was the first man to leave the room. In the Gordonia Company's office on the tenth floor of the Coosa Building, Mr. Frederic Corydel had pa- tiently read the morning paper and was lapsing into a delicious languor of reminiscence reaching back to a mansion on the river bank, to a dainty breakfast-table with covers for two, to a vision in an immaculate morn- ing gown who had poured his coffee for him, and who had proved herself to be even more of a vision when she had let him have a glimpse into the sober-serious depths of her mind and heart on the high mountain top. "Glory!" he murmured; "wouldn't she be a perfect balance-wheel for some rattle-headed ne'er-do-well like — well, like me, for example? I'll say so!" And then, as Gordon came in: "Righto — here you are again. What's the latest from the seat of war?" "My guess was right," Gordon replied, dropping heavily into his desk chair. ^ "Henniker had it all cut and dried. After the meeting had been properly stam- peded, he sprang Hernshaw on us. Though he didn't spread it out in so many words, this is what is scheduled to happen: A bunch of the heavier stockholders are Digitized by Google 7o THE FIRE BRINGERS to have a few money crusts tossed to them, and the multitude of little investors can go hungry." "How do they go about it to pull a thing like that off?" queried Corydel, sending a ring of cigarette smoke rotating lazily toward the ceiling. "It is as simple as twice two. Hernshaw will make no proposal to the company as a corporation; he will merely offer to buy individual stock holdings, at his own figure, up to fifty-one per cent., leaving it optional with the few to whom the proposal will be made to say who shall, or who shall not, be permitted to come into the majority pool. That is how he will get the nip on Colonel Pettus." The smoke-ring blower shook his head. "You'll have to cut out the muffler and let me hear the bang-bang for myself, Tom Jeff," he said. "I'm sort of preoccupied this morning, I guess." "Don't you see?" said Gordon. "The colonel will instantly insist upon having his personal following of small stockholders included in the deal; indeed, I shouldn't be at all surprised if he makes a dead fight against shutting anybody out of the pool. That will give Hernshaw his chance. In all probability a certain lump sum has been set aside by his principals to be applied in the acquisition of the Mussel Bar control. Hernshaw's dickering won't be too closely looked into or criticized, so long as he can show results." "And you think he'll play fast and loose with the colonel? — hold the colonel's obligations to his group as whip?" "I should say it is shaping up that way ; and Hern- shaw isn't the man to let the opportunity slip. Of course, there will be no strong-arm work ; no need for it. If the distribution of the consolation prizes is left to his discretion — and I think there is little doubt about Digitized by Google EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 71 that — he can make it appear that he is the colonel's savior. And in that case the colonel's gratitude — and Marion's — will have no bounds." "Ump!" said the idler morosely. Then: "How about your inside crowd ; the fellows you have just been caucusing with? Was anything definite done?" "Nothing, formally ; it wasn't a legal meeting. But all save one or two of the insiders will break their necks in a bolt for the fire-escape when Hernshaw shows them the way." Corydel hooked a knee over the arm of his chair. "I do detest and despise a quitter; don't you, Tom Jeff?" he remarked gently. "You've said it. But there are extenuating circum- stances in this case. This particular aggregation of bush-league capitalists — for that's what we are — has bumped all the bumps, and the heart has been knocked out of it Henniker is carrying double ; I am morally certain of that. It was his job, as our banker member and chairman of the finance committee, to place our bond issue. He reports that the New York banks refuse to handle the paper. When he told us this, the inference was that Universal Electric had used its in- fluence to shut us out. In addition to that, I strongly suspect that the shutting-out process was worked through Henniker." "You mean that he deliberately threw the game against the rest of you?" "That's what I mean. I've known Henniker for a long time. I don't say that he'd do anything criminal ; he hasn't the nerve to actually step over the line. But he'll shave it as dose as a man can, and keep out of jail." A little interval of silence ensued, and at the end of it Corydel felt in his pockets and drew forth a Digitized by Google 72 *THE FIRE BRINGERS crumpled telegram, which he tossed upon Gordon's desk. "Read that," he said. "It came to Deer Trace day before yesterday while we were killing time in your Gordonia shop." The crumpled telegram was the mandatory sum- mons from Corydel senior, and Gordon immediately guessed the provocation for k. None the less, he gave the son a chance to explain. "What had you been doing to earn such a call- down as that?" he asked, returning the message. "Nothing, by Jove — less than nothing! I merely asked the pater to do me a little personal favor, as between gentlemen." Gordon's laugh was an easing of stresses. Corydel's gentle and always inoffensive impudence was peren- nially refreshing. "You didn't have an idea that he would order the Universal-Electric gaff taken out of us in answer to a polite request from you, did you?" "I don't know why he shouldn't," was the even- toned reply. "I don't often ask him for anything special; really, I don't, you know. Besides, Universal Electric wouldn't miss the Mussel Bar mouthful. I was reading somewhere, just the other day, that it already owns or controls thirty per cent, of all the hydro-electric installations in the country." "Which is ail the more reason why it should absorb Mussel Bar," argued Gordon shortly. "Our plant, when completed, will be the largest electric power pro- ducer in the South, by far; forty thousand horse-power at ordinary stages of the river. But that doesn't mean anything to you." "No; the figures don't. But some other things da I like you, Tom Jeff, and I like your village— what I've Digitized by Google EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 73 seen of it. I don't care a bawbee for dams and dy- namos, or for horse-powers, other than those in the hull of a cup-winner speed boat or under the hood of a good car. But one feature of your proposition appeals to me like giddy sunsets to a picture painter. Your dam is due to make a lake thirty-odd miles long through scenery that has the Scotch lochs and the legended Rhine beaten to a fare-you-well. What a ripping place it will be for speed trials and long-distance straight* aways !" Gordon's smile was mildly ironical. "I don't believe that aspect of it has ever been fairly considered by the promoters," he admitted. "But it is the aspect," Corydel went on, with bur- geoning enthusiasm. "It would bring resort houses and boat clubs and speed events and big money-spend- ing crowds until you couldn't rest. Say, Tom Jeff, I'll be hanged if I wouldn't like to have a finger in that side of the pie, myself ! How much money would it take to shove your dam through by the thirty-first of July?" "The bond issue was authorized for another mil- lion — and it is doubtful if that would cover the cost." Corydel locked his fingers over the hooked-up knee and became musingly reflective. "I know a few chaps who have the money habit," he said half absently; "chaps who go off and dig a hole and bury the extra bone when bones are plentiful; other chaps who just naturally have more than they need. There are Barty Lambert, and J. Pierp Bartlett, and Monty Stanley, and — oh, a goodish lot of others, when you sit down to make a list of 'em. And they all like to play the investment game when they get the right tip." Gordon laughed derisively. "What on earth are you Digitized by Google 74 T^E FIRE BRINGERS vaporing about, Fred? Don't you know that the smoothest promoter that ever came down the big road couldn't sell 'industrials' to your boat-racing, car- speeding crowd of young bloods ?" "Of course he couldn't," Corydel agreed calmly. "But that isn't saying that I couldn't. By Jove, I'll tell you what we'll do, Tom Jeff! we'll make the fin- ishing of the dam the first of the sporting events — the biggest race of concrete dumping against time that was ever pulled off ! That will fetch 'em. I'll get a handful of the easy-money chaps to back it for expenses, and then we'll toll the crowd down here to bet on it Let me have that desk of yours and a pad of telegraph blanks." Gordon vacated the desk merely because he was asked to, and entirely without prejudice to the ironical smile which was still twitching at the corners of the straight-lined Gordon mouth. Corydel had not changed visibly with the passing years. To the outward eye he was still the buoyant, venturesome, daring amateur, as easily moved as a bit of thistledown ; a mere onlooker at the real game of life, and yet, Gordon fancied, with the material in him out of which, once in a century or so, fate, or the climaxing occasion, might make an inspired leader of forlorn hopes. "You are omitting the most exciting part of it, Fred," he amended ; "losing sight of the fact that your father and Universal Electric would be betting on the other side qi the table." "Omitting but not forgetting," countered the en- thusiast. "That, don't you see, is our handicap. I'd advertise it. Why don't you warm up? You haven't a drop of sporting Wood in you, Tom Jeff!" Gordon had drawn himself up to his full height — Digitized by Google EVOLUTION OF A GRASSHOPPER 75 which was something over six feet of vigorous, well- knit manhood - "Fred, if I could believe that you meant it — if I thought there was pne ten-millionth part of a chance that you could pull it through But heavens and earth! There are more millions in Universal Electric than there are individual stockholders in Mussel Bar. Your handful of golden youths would be ground to dust. And, besides, it is going to take something more than money now. Our little local crowd is on the run ; the fight is all out of it." "If all that is meant to discourage me, it's no manner of use," said the idler, shaking his head sadly. "The notion has nipped me, and I'm just naturally obliged to try it out. Find me that telegraph pad; or, no, there'll be too much of it for a pen job; let me have a pretty-girl stenographer, if you've got such a conven- ience in stock. I'll acquire the dictating habit for a few minutes. Jove — it'll be no end of a joke on the pater if we should happen to win out ! He'll send the doctor down here, fast enough, but it won't be for me — nd, not, nix! By the way, I suppose I may say that we'll put up those bonds for our entry fees ?" "Say anything that comes into the back part of your head," laughed the young ironmaster ; and when he had summoned a stenographer from the working office, he went away to shut himself into the stifling little tele- phone booth to call long-distance 12 18. It was Miss Marion Pettus who answered from the Beech ford end of the wire, and Gordon's message, after he had made friendly inquiry about the colonel's health, was not very explicit. "Tell your father that nothing definite was done at the specially called meeting this morning," he said; then, as in reply to a query: "Corydel? Oh, he is all Digitized by Google 76 THE FIRE BRINGERS right. We've put him up at Deer Trace — persuaded him to stay over for a while. He is here in the offices now. Want to speak to him? Oh, you don't. All right; I'll tell him you don't want to speak to him. Good-by." Digitized by Google VII TEEING THE BALL Having communicated with Beechford Manor, Gor- don gave the self-appointed chairman of the resuscita- tion committee a free field by going over to the Cupola Gub to register his guest and to take out a visitor's card for him. When he returned to the Coosa Build- ing offices the young woman stenographer was pulling the last of a goodly sheaf of letter-length telegrams out of her machine, and Corydel, apparently serenely jubilant, was swinging gently in the swivel chair and smiling beatifically. "By George, Tom Jeff— don't you know, it's going to be the jazziest thing ever pulled off since old Father Adam's dog ran his first race with his own tail!" he declared, after the young woman had gone to copy and send the wire correspondence. "The chaps will fall for it like the little Jamaica darkies diving for half- dollars. Not necessarily for publication, but just as an evidence of good faith, I'll lay you two to one in whatever coin of the realm you name that we'll get more backers than we need. What do you say?" "Knowing what Universal Electric will do to you and to us when your little scheme develops, I might say a good many things. If we had anything to lose, more than we've already lost " "But you haven't," Corydel cut in. "It's all to the merry for you charter members, or, at any rate, for your town— which will get the gate money, no matter 77 Digitized by Google 78 x THE FIRE BRINGERS which way the cat jumps. But we haven't any time to waste in moralizing ; let's get busy. Are those new bonds you spoke of in shape to be peddled out?" "They are in the safety vault at the bank." "Do they need any signatures?" "No ; they are all ready to be recorded and issued." "Good We'll open the subscription books as soon as the answers to these telegrams begin to come in. Now about your South Tredegar charter people — how are they going to take this little vaudeville stunt of ours? Can you count upon three or four good men who will line up with us from the start, sight unseen ?" "Yes," said Gordon unhesitatingly. "One more question, then : how is the stunt going to strike Colonel Pettus?" Gordon took time to consider. "If you don't do too many undignified things," he began. "I see; a wee bit deficient in a sense of humor, eh?" said Corydel thoughtfully. "That's bad. You must hold him down, Tom Jeff ; that'll be your job : work the rabbit's foot on him about those friends of his we're going to try to save alive. That'll fetch him. Next, about my own entry fees. If I'm going to promote this original little sporting event, it is only fair to the chaps who are asked to chip in on the make-ready that I get into the betting ring with a good-faith purse of my own. Got any treasury stock in reserve?" "Yes, some; but see here — if you are going to do anything like that, you'd better take bonds. Even then, your chance to hedge will be slim enough." The idler waved a hand of reproachful impatience. "That proves what I said a little while back — that you have no sporting blood in you, Tom Jeff. If you catch me trying to hedge, you may heave me into the Digitized by Google TEEING THE BALL 79 river, and no questions asked. But about the stock. I went in on the ground floor; I want to be able to tell our new backers that I am in on the ground floor. Will you endorse a draft on my New York bank forme?" "You know you needn't have asked that You'll find blanks in that pigeonhole at the right." Corydel filled out a blank, signed it, and handed it to his endorser. Gordon glanced at the figures and thought at first that he was misreading them. Then he decided that Corydel must have miswritten them. "You've put the decimal point in the wrong place," he said ; "or, at least, I hope you have. I can't let you drop a hundred thousand dollars of real money into this thing on my mere say-so. Why, man, you don't know what you're doing!" he ejaculated, as the full force of Corydel's intention struck him fairly. The young man who was taking a sporting chance lighted a fresh cigarette, and began to blow smoke rings again. "There are all kinds of simpletons in this world, Tom Jeff, and about all you can hope to do is to decide which bunch you're going to join. It's my day to sign on with the kind that butt in where the angels are afraid to. Moreover, it's my own money — not the pater's; it came from the other side of the house. Take it and get me my piece of stock paper." "But listen a minute; there's no need of your doing this. If your harebrained scheme works, we shan't need your money in the stock." The amateur's chair dropped suddenly to its up- right bearings, and the laugh died out of his eyes. "I'm the needing one, Tom Jeff. If I don't make my bet decently serious But I won't go into that. Digitized by Google 8o THE FIRE BRINGERS You ought to know my failing; if you don't remember, I'm not going to remind you." A little silence came and brooded over the private office high up in the great hive of the skyscraper. When Gordon spoke again he had put the draft into his bill-fold. "Before we wade in any deeper, Fred, I wish you'd tell me that this plunge of yours isn't purely an idler's whim." At this, the amateur recovered his joyous mood as suddenly as he had lost it. "What else should it be?" he jested. "I'm (ond of good, clean sport; fonder of it than I am of any- thing else — which isn't saying much, perhaps. Let's consider the stock-buying incident closed and go on to the promoting stunt. How soon can we begin to get action?" "On the dam, you mean?" "Yes." "At a day's notice." "But you haven't any working force." "It is here, in town — most of it It was laid off on account of the high water; and afterward we de- cided to wait until the colonel got back from Wash- ington." "That's fine! I was afraid we might have to re- build the working organization. Now about your cor- poration personnel: who are the officers?" "Henniker, president; Dysart, secretary; Gordon, treasurer." "No vice-president?" "Yes ; Dan Dandridge, president of the Consolidated Stove Works. But he's never had any official duties. Henniker is always on hand." "Where does Colonel Pettus come in?" Digitized by Google TEEING THE BALL 81 "He is one of our directors, but he has always re- fused to accept an office." "Got an executive committee ?" "Yes; Dysart, Dandridge, Gordon." "All right ; now we can get down to business. Here's your first hand-out; make me a stockholder of record, and then let Dysart and Dandridge in on the new deal. Tell these other two members of the executive com- mittee as much or as little as you please, just so you make them understand that absolute secrecy for the present is the price of success. Let's see a copy of your by-laws." Gordon found a copy of the pamphlet, and while Corydel was running over it, the ironmaster had time to marvel at the astonishing transformation which was going on before his eyes. Under the stimulus of the new crotchet — Gordon was utterly unable to imagine any other driving motive — Corydel was no longer a mere son of luxury, a racer of power boats and driver of speed cars ; he had developed instantly, as it seemed, into a skilful sabreur in the fierce battle of business. Gordon was obliged to accept the evidence of his own senses; otherwise it would have been baldly incredible. "I see your by-laws provide for a board of eleven directors, and that the board is authorized to fill vacan- cies by election," was the sabreur^s comment "Are you fun?" "No; there is one vacancy. A Cincinnati man got cold feet a month ago, sold out his stock, and resigned from the board." "That's rather lucky; saves us from having to fire somebody. Here's the outline. When the board meets to-morrow to consider Hernshaw's offer — I suppose it will be to-morrow, won't it? — you nominate me to fill the one vacancy, and Dysart seconds. Slam it in as Digitized by Google 82 THE FIRE BRINGERS a surprise, and it will go through. Arc you game to do that?" "I'm game for anything you say — if you don't speed up so fast that I can't keep you in sight. What next?" "That is all, for the present; all but one little detail. What local newspapers have you, and how do they stand on the Mussel Bar proposition?" "There are two ; the Tribune, which you were read- ing this morning, and the evening paper, the Live Wire. The Tribune is respectable, conservative — and a bit slow; and it is for us. The evening sheet is yellow, has the larger circulation, and is against us. It is openly advocating the sale of Mussel Bar to Universal Electric, on the ground of expediency — too big a thing for local capital to promote, and so on." "In other words, the pater's publicity department has subsidized it," laughed Corydel. "That's all right To-morrow morning, after we've set the directors' meeting afire, we'll go around and mix in with the molders of public opinion. Now you may go and swear in your fellow conspirators of the executive committee — Dysart and Dandridge. I'll linger for you at the Marlboro." Gordon, himself a man-driver of no mean quality, took his orders like a good subaltern ; and an hour later, when he called at the hotel for Corydel, he found the amateur patiently punching holes in the prize board at the cigar counter and giving his winnings to the hotel bell-hops — figuring to an onlooker as the living effigy of a man bored to the point of extinction. "Help!" he sighed, when he saw Gordon. "I was afraid I'd have to buy another dollar's worth of chances. What's the good word?" "Dandridge and little Dysart are in line, though I Digitized by Google TEEING THE BALL /83 couldn't make either of them believe the simple truth about you/ 9 grinned the ironmaster. "They shied like a pair of scared fillies at your name: 'Wasn't Hiram Corydel the power behind the throne in Universal Elec- tric? 1 and so on; and I had to admit it — also, to admit that you and Mr. Hiram Corydel had the same an- cestor. Whereupon they both began to see red, ac- cusing you of designs too deeply and darkly villainous for publication." "Bully!" applauded the potential villain. "I was hoping they might take that tack. It will be caramels for our advertising department, a little later on. How did you manage to swing 'em in, finally?" "They are going it blind — on my say-so. When that was settled, I hunted up Rathburn, our chief of construction; that was what kept me so long. Rath- burn will get his staff together, mobilize his working force, and charter a steamboat to take it down river when he gets the word, keeping everything quiet, how- ever, until he hears definitely from me." "Say, Tom Jeff, you are a track captain after my own heart!" the amateur approved. "As a reward of merit and a slight token of my esteem, you may have the remainder- of the day to squander upon your own trifling affairs." "And what are you going to do?" "I'm going to trot around to your automobile row and buy me the prettiest, dizziest little buzz-wagon I can find. That done, I shall keep my promise to Mrs. Gordon; which was that I'd be home to luncheon with her and the kiddies. Any kick coming?" "None in the wide world. I'm only sorry I can't go with you. But we'll get together at dinner, and I'll bring out your telegrams, if there are any." Having neglected his own business affairs for the Digitized by Google 84 THE FIRE BRINGERS better part of a forenoon, Gordon barely made the dinner connection in the evening. As he drove around to the Deer Trace garage he saw Corydel playing with the children under the knoll oaks, as light-hearted and free from care, apparently, as the small Caspar or the still smaller Ardea. "Isn't he just a nice, sweet-tempered, lovable boy !" said the grown-up Ardea, meeting the late-comer at the door, as her custom was. "Think so?" queried Gordon, smiling darkly as he turned to look on with her at the gamboling three under the oaks. "Is that what he has' been doing all afternoon ?" "Oh, dear, not He took us all out in his new car after luncheon. He is a splendid driver; almost better than you are, Tom. And he is so considerate of teams and the country people." "Ah! So he took you into the country, did he?" "He took us over to Beechford." Then in a hurried whisper, because Corydel was bringing the children to the house: "It'? coming out beautifully, Tom, dear. Marion was so nice to him ; and you could see that the colonel liked him at once. The dear old saint never winced, even when it came out through something Marion said, that Mr. Corydel was the son of the Corydel. Wasn't that fine?" In the cheerful table gathering which followed, Gor- don let his guest drag him around and about in the field of the Boston reminiscences, and forgot all about a rubber-banded packet of envelopes left in a pocket of his discarded day coat But later, after he had installed Corydel in the laziest of the easy-chairs in the Deer Trace den, he remembered the packet and ran up- stairs to get it. Not until Corydel was ripping the envelopes and Digitized by Google TEEING THE BALL 85 facing the telegrams down one by one on the tobacco table as he read them, did Gordon realize that the room had suddenly grown close and half stifling, and that the silence was becoming crushingly oppressive. What if the wildly improbable scheme of financing the proposed race against time had failed ? The ironmaster did not realize how sincerely he had been accepting CorydeTs bland assurance and making it the founda- tion for his own until the smoke from his pipe seemed to get into his brain to give a curious gyrating motion to the familiar surroundings. Under such conditions, Corydel's voice sounded as if it came f rom the interior of a diver's helmet when he said : "Righto ! My own bet is the biggest, thus far ; but we can chuck two hundred and sixty thousand of those bonds into the express office to-morrow, anyway. And there'll be more later." "Thank God!" came in a gasp from the other side of the table, and Gordon's hand was actually shaking when he took the glass of water that Corydel made haste to pour for him. "Say, by Jove, old man! I didn't know it meant that much to you," the guest asserted sympathetically. "I thought you said you weren't in deep enough to make it a killing matter." "On a smaller scale, I'm in in the same way the colonel is, Fred : I've sold stock to my friends. But I didn't suppose the shock would make me see double." And they laughed it off together. Digitized by Google VIII A HALTED FUNERAL The gathering in the rear room of the Iron City National Bank, on the morning following the call for a meeting of the Mussel Bar board of directors, differed very little in its personnel front the informal rally of principal stockholders over which President Henniker had presided twenty-four hours earlier. As on the previous occasion, the chief absentee was Colonel Semple Pettus; but in the colonel's chair, at Mr, Henniker's left hand, sat a square-shouldered young man with a rather military bearing, neatly groomed, freshly trimmed as to mustaches and beard ; a young man rather handsome in a certain virile way which was emphasized by a pair of roving, quick- glancing eyes and a clipped habit of speech. Since this young man had been the Government watch-dog in the building of the dam and its navigation lock, he was already well known to all the other sitters about the long tatye; known, and, for the greater part, heartily disliked. Lounging in one of the padded chairs at the street window, with his back turned to the table group, was another young man whom nobody seemed to know — a stranger for whom Gordon had vouched without intro- ducing him by name save to two of the earlier comers, namely, Dandridge and Dysart. If his presence were an intrusion, no one took exception. The business in hand had its focusing point in the young man at the 86 Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL 87 president's left; and when Mr. Henniker tapped for silence and attention the lounger in the window chair was forgotten. "Pursuant to the action taken yesterday in the meet- ing of the principal stockholders, Mr. Hernshaw xotncs to us this morning prepared to make overtures for the purchase of a certain amount of the outstanding stock of this company/ 9 was the president's launching of the all-important object of the meeting. "If you will please come to order, we will listen informally to what Mr. Hernshaw has to say, deferring for the moment the opening of the official session of the board." Altogether ignoring the reversed chair at the far- ther end of the room— or not suspecting, perhaps, that it had an occupant — the ex-Government engineer spread his papers on the table, got upon his feet, and began briskly. "Since we have all been associated in the Mussel Bar project from its beginning, we can cut out the in- troductory spasms and get down at once to the facts. I have here before me copies of detailed reports of work done and moneys expended, together with care- fully figured estimates of the work that remains to be done. As matters stand, the enterprise is a failure, and we all know it. It was simply too great an under- taking for you local people, with your necessarily lim- ited resources, to handle. The fact you are now facing is this : whether you go on and spend more money, or stop short where you are, there isn't the slightest prob- ability that you can save your franchise; in which case the stock of the company will never figure again in the market quotations at any price." "In other words, we are too dead to bury," put in Halsey, the Car & Foundry man. "Go on, Mr. Hern- shaw." Digitized by Google 88 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Inasmuch as the stock really has no present or prospective value in point of fact, any proposal carry- ing a cash consideration can hardly be made to the Mussel Bar company as a corporation/' continued the man who had the floor. "Taking the rather desperate chance which you gentlemen who are on the ground are very properly balking at, my principals have agreed to set apart a certain lump sum which they are willing to pay for a quitclaim title to the Mussel Bar property. My instructions are to deal with you as individuals in the purchase of this quitclaim.^ Our offer is twenty- eight cents for any amount of the capital stock of the company up to fifty-one per cent, of the number of shares outstanding." There was a growl from Dandridge's end of the table, and the big man's chair creaked and groaned under him as he sat up and scowled at the speaker. "You don't want much, do you?" he said. "What are your people going to do with the property when they get it?" Since this seemed to be clearly none of Mr. Dan- dridge's business, Hernshaw said so, without taking the trouble to clothe the refusal in any softening verbiage. Thereupon, a spirited protest was entered by Allerton, Giddings, Dandridge and others, all of them maintain- ing that it was vitally the business of every power user in South Tredegar. After a rather stubborn resist- ance, Hernshaw. gave the required information, making it appear that in doing so he was conferring a favor and not discharging an obligation. "Without recognizing your right to ask the ques- tion, I don't mind telling you as much as I know. I believe it is the intention to reorganize on a close- corporation basis, and to take a chance of being able to complete the dam within the franchise time limit Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL 89 It if a chance, and a mighty hazardous one, as we all know; but, with ample capital " "Your proposal then, as I understand it, is an offer to a few of us to come in out of the wet under a twenty- eight-cent roof," cut in Dysart. "What is to become of the rank and file — the thousand-and-one little fish not included in your control-buying?" Hernshaw shrugged his shoulders. "My principals are not running an eleemosynary in- stitution, Mr. Dysart. They prefer to do business with a few of you who control a majority of the stock. If you wish to distribute the proceeds of the sale as a company asset, of course, that is no affair of theirs — or of mine." There was a slight movement of the window-facing chair at the far end of the room to prove that its occu- pant had not fallen asleep, but Gordon was the only one who noticed it. Hernshaw was gathering up his papers; and Mr. Henniker, after a whispered confer- ence with the deputy of the unnamed New Yorkers, broke the awkward pause that had come upon the heels of the curt answer to Dysart's query. "Mr. Hernshaw understands that this is a matter which we may wish to talk over in private," said the president diplomatically. "He will wait in the cus- tomers 9 room of the bank until we send for him — unless some one wishes for further information?" No one claiming the privilege, the emissary of Big Money withdrew. But with his hand on the doorknob he turned to fire his parting shot. "There is one other little matter which ought to be mentioned, and which may, or may not, influence your decision," he said with crisp directness. "We already hold options upon a little more than half of the amount of stock needed to give us a controlling interest Digitized by Google 90 THE FIRE BRINGERS in the Mussel Bar property. Let me hear from you at your convenience. I'll wait, as Mr. Henniker has sug- gested" The silence which fell upon the closing of the door behind Mr. Corwin Hernshaw was little short of deaf- ening. It was Jasper Halsey who eased the strain with a harsh little laugh. "Stung!" he said. "Who are the traitors? And how much of a bonus has Hernshaw promised them?" There were a good many vigorous protests ; so many that the young man in the chair by the window decided that the disclaimer was practically unanimous. Later, he was so busy trying to devise a checkmate with which to reply to this "check by discovery" that he nearly missed the sense of what Guthrie, of the Guthrie Steel Forge, was saying. "If Hernshaw isn't lying — which isn't entirely be- v yond the reach of a good, vivid imagination," Guthrie was offering, "somebody has sold us out I don't like to say it behind Colonel Pettus's back, but there is only one considerable block of stock which is not represented here at this table. We all know the colonel's extreme notions of responsibility for the investors who have gone into this thing on his personal recommendation. Is it possible " It was Gordon's emphatic "No!" that cut the ac- cusation in halves; but the seed had been soym. "It is a little curious that the colonel didn't come, or send some word. It isn't like him to dodge," said Halsey; and there were other comments of the same regretfully dubious nature. "I tell you, Colonel Pettus is utterly incapable of such a thing, and you all know it!" flamed Gordon. "How was he notified of the date and hour of this meeting?" Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL "By personal letter from me," said the president, testifying as a reluctant witness. "Mr. Dysart issued the call to all the members by 'phone, but there was something wrong with the Beechford wire. Mr. Dy- sart called me up at my house at Mountain View last evening, and asked me to send a note over to Beechford. I did it — by special messenger." Once more the conclusion seemed to be obvious; but Gordon would not allow it to stand. "Until Colonel Pettus can speak for himself, the least that can be done is to let the matter rest, giving an absent colleague the full benefit of the doubt," he in- sisted. Then : "It occurs to me that we are wasting time. The business before us is the consideration, of Mr. Hernsbaw's proposal I move that the reading of the minutes be dispensed with, and that the board proceed to the regular order of business." The motion was put and carried, and it served to clarify the situation— a little. With the call for the regular order, Gordon was upon his feet. "If the offer made by Mr. Hernshaw is to be con- sidered at all, it can not be considered in the manner indicated by him. As directors in the Mussel Bar com- pany we are bound morally, and in every other way, to safeguard the interests of all the stockholders; the holder of a single share no whit less than the heavier investors. If we were at the present time a legally con- stituted body " "Hold on," Guthrie broke in; "what's that? Who says we're not a legally constituted body?" "I'm coming to that," Gordon snapped back. "We are not at this time legally constituted. The by-laws provide for the filling of vacancies by election. Mr. Shellenbarger resigned from the board a month ago, and the vacancy has not yet been filled. In the interval Digitized by Google 92 THE FIRE BRINGERS there has been no business of importance to come before us; but now, when action must be taken which will be binding upon the entire stock " This time it was Halsey who interrupted. "All right/' he jested; "let's fill the vacancy — if anybody can be found to take the job at this stage of the game." "By all means," chimed in the president smoothly, scenting nothing worse than a bit of harmless filibuster- ing on the part of the ironmaster. "Have you a name to place in nomination, Mr. Gordon?" "I have," Gordon returned coolly; "the name of a gentleman who is a stockholder of record, and who, besides investing quite heavily in the stock, has, within the past twenty-four hours, succeeded in placing three hundred and eighty-five thousand of the bonds at par. Gentlemen of the board, I have the honor of present- ing the name of Mr. Frederic Y. Corydel, of New York." "I second Mr. Corydel's nomination!" barked little Dysart; and on the heels of the prompt second came Dandridge's : "I move that the nominations be closed, and that the secretary be authorized to cast the vote of the board for Mr. Corydel." "Second that motion," said Giddings, who had hith- erto sat in owlish imperturbability at Gordon's left. The momentary silence which thickened upon the air was like that which follows the crash of a railroad collision. And the simile held good an instant later when the cries broke out : "Corydel? Why, great Peter! That's only another name for Universal Electric!" "Old Man Hiram betting against himself? — why, Gordon, you're crazy!" "Three hundred and eighty-five thousand devils!" Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL "Write it up for the papers, Gordon; they'll give it a page-wide headline!" "Say — how long has the big trust been a bona fide stockholder in Mussel Bar?" Thus the tumult in many keys; and through it all and helping it along, Dandridge pounding upon the taMe with a big fist and calling belligerently for the questioa Henniker succeeded in getting the clamor quieted after a time; but the excitement was merely suppressed when he said: "Of course, you will withdraw your nomination, Mr. Gordon. If you made it in good faith — which is hardly to be " "Withdraw nothing!" roared Dandridge. "There is a motion before the board. Question!" "Question!" "Question!" called three or four other voices ; and Henniker looked about him in fleshy help- lessness. His business associates said of him that he never permitted himself to be backed into a corner from which there was no dodge hole of escape. But this time there was no chance for evasion — or none ap- parent — and he put Dandridge's motion reluctantly, and without comment. The result, which his evident reluctance did some- thing to insure, was a prompt and all but unanimous "Aye!" and the election of the new member was a fact accomplished. What followed came as a clean-cut shock to all but three or four of those sitting at Gor- don's end of the table. Out of the sleepy hollow of the chair at the farther window rose the athletic figure of a young man — Gordon's friend, who, for some strenu- ous half-hour, had been completely overlooked or for- gotten. "Delighted to become a member of your little picnic party, gentlemen," he said, smiling genially as he came Digitized by Google 94 THE FIRE BRINGERS forward to draw up a chair between Dandridge and Gordon. Then : "I hope you don't object to my smok- ing? — thanks!" and he lighted a cigarette, adding, be- tween puffs : "Don't let me obstruct the business speed- way. You were discussing the advisability of letting this person, Hernshaw, swallow you whole, were you not?" Inhere was another moment of paralysis, and then Guthrie took the bull by the horns. "Say, Mr. Corydel," he blurted out, "tdl us one thing first : Are you here as your father's representa- tive?" Corydel's pleasant smile broadened into a boyish grin. "Actions speak louder than words, don't you think? Mr. Gordon told the simple truth a moment ago when he said that I had been able to place a bunch of your — » I beg pardon — of our bonds. And I have been over- hearing very awkwardly if I haven't gathered that such a side-swipe at Universal Electric is the very best pos- sible answer to your question, Mr. — er " "Guthrie," supplied the steelsmith. "Mr. Guthrie ; thank you — delighted to know you by name, I'm sure. But to the business in hand : Do we, with nearly half a million fresh, new, un fatigued dol- lars tumbled, or tumbling, into the treasury; with eye undimmed, and with our second wind returning — do we, under these conditions, care to chew straws with this Hernshaw person?" Henniker raised a fat hand and his face was a mir- ror of shocked protest. "But, Mr. Corydel I" he began. "Pardon me, Mr. Henniker," the newly elected one slipped in adroitly, "I was just about to answer my own question. Most emphatically, I should say, we do not chew straws with Mr. Hernshaw or with his New Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL % York backers, whoever they may be. Quite the con- trary. If you gentlemen are with me, we shall pro- ceed to pass a resolution authorizing the executive com- mittee to put the Mussel Bar ball in play again without the loss of a single minute that can be saved. Do I voice the sense of the board?" "One minute," interposed Guthrie. "A shprt half- hour ago we were all down and out; cold-hammered to a finish by the hydro-electric combine of which your father, Mr. Corydel, is the exceedingly able and capa- ble head. Are we to understand that your connection with Mussel Bar means that we shall be relieved of the combine's opposition — that we shall be allowed to finish our dam within the franchise time limit, if we can?" CorydeTs answer was prompt and explicit. "Candor compels the admission that we shall not, Mr. Guthrie. On the other hand — well, I fancy we shall have to fight for every lap in the race; a little harder, perhaps, because I happen to be sitting here as a member of this board. But that is a detail The main question is : Do we go on, or go back?" "One minute more," put in Allerton. "What is your plan, Mr. Corydel? Can the remainder of the bonds be placed?" "I think there is little doubt about the placing of the bonds, though it is quite possible that some of them will eventually find their way into the hands of the enemy. As to my plan, it is so elemental as to seem foolish. I am financing, or rather, I should say, help- ing to finance, this thing as a sporting event, pure and simple. You'll pardon me if I say that I haven't any practical or business interest in it whatever. The idea came to me yesterday when Mr. Gordon was explain- ing the situation. What could possibly be more excit- Digitized by Google 96 THE FIRE BRINGERS ing than a three months' race of dam-building against all the records? I wired a handful of fellows who are as badly bitten on the sporting side as I am, and we have undertaken to pull it off." Dandridge sat up and slapped a mighty hand on the table. "By George! I believe you can pull it off!" he bel- lowed. "Dysart, put that suggestion of Mr. Corydel's about getting busy into the form of a motion, and Fll second it." It was done before Mr. Henniker could interpose. But the president had his bucket of cold water ready. Calling AUerton to the chair, he spoke as a man and a brother. "Before this most momentous resolution is put to a vote, I must be allowed to protest, in the name of those of us who are not carried away by this exceedingly — er — fantastic notion of Mr. Corydel's," he fulminated. "If this ridiculous plan is put into effect, South Trede- gar will become the laughing-stock of the nation! I feel so strongly upon this point that I shall be obliged to resign from the board of directors of Mussel Bar Power & Light if any such preposterous action is taken by this board ; and I feel confident that the directors of the Iron City National Bank will so far support me as to refuse to allow the bank to longer act as the fiduciary agent of the company !" The only reply to this protest was a pointed ques- tion from Corydel, addressed to no one in particular. "There is another bank in the city?" A quiet little man sitting beside Guthrie spoke up alertly. "There are several, and I can speak for one: the Coosa Security will be glad to have the company's Digitized by Google A HALTED FUNERAL 97 account, and to serve as its fiduciary agent in any capacity." "Question on the 'get busy' resolution/' urged Dan- dridge. It had to come, and Mr. Vancourt Henniker yielded as gracefully as he could. Three of the members pres- ent were not heard to vote "Aye," but neither did they have the courage to vote "No" when the opportunity was given. "Carried," announced the president, with a funeral sermon, an obituary notice, and an epitaph compressed into the single word. "Is there any further business to come before the board? What, if I may venture to ask, are you going to do with Mr. Hernshaw's pro- posal? It is worthy, it would seem, of an answer of some nature." "There is no proposal from Mr. Hernshaw before the board as a board !" rasped Dysart. "He is still at liberty to buy all the stock anybody wants to sell him at twenty-eight cents. I move we adjourn." The adjournment, instantly carried, resolved itself immediately into a small ovation for Gordon and Gor- don's friend. Guthrie and the quiet little banker who had been sitting beside him led in the handshaking, and it was the big steelsmith who gave Corydd a blank card in the name of the majority. "You go straight ahead, Mr. Corydel, on any line that promises to interest you and keep you interested ; we'll back you to the limit," he said heartily, adding : "I'm from Kentucky, and whenever I can break away from the Forge offices, you are mighty likely to find me at the nearest horse race. Go in and win, and we'll stand for all the joshing that Mr. Henniker is so much afraid of." "By the way, where is Henniker?" rumbled Dan- Digitized by Google 9» THE FIRE BRINGERS dridge; but the president, with the three who had been unable to find voting voice on either side, had disap- peared into the bank. It was during the dispersal that Mr. Henniker came back with a slip of paper in his hand. "Your draft on New York, Mr. Corydel," he said, without taking the trouble to conceal his satisfaction, or to make the communication private : "I am sorry to say that the reply to our wire inquiry, just re- ceived " The quiet little man who spoke only when there was something to be said, reached out and took the dis- credited paper. "The Coosa Security will accept this, Mr. Corydel, and allow you to open an immediate checking account against it," he said, serenely ignoring the president of the Iron City National. "If you and Mr. Gordon will step across the street with me we can arrange it at once." "What was the matter with Henniker?" asked Gor- don, as they were crossing the street in the wake of the sedate little man who dictated the policy of the second largest bank in South Tredegar. "It wasn't Henniker altogether; it was chiefly the pater, I guess," chuckled Corydel. "Of course, Henni- ker wired my New York bank yesterday — which was right and proper ; and in that way the news got to the pater. The draft's good, and they'll have to honor it ; but there are a dozen ways in which to chuck in hurdles of delay — when the right party cracks the whip. I hope Deer Trace is insured against fire. What the pater will say in his next to me won't be a safe thing to leave lying around among the combustibles." Digitized by Google IX THE FOURTH ESTATE After Corydd's bank account had been duly opened with the Coosa Security, which was only a matter of moments, Gordon arranged for the transfer of the bonds from the vaults of the Iron City National, and the business of handling the finances of the Mussel Bar Company was formally turned over to Stuart of the Coosa. Mr. Vancourt Henniker's defection thus counter- checked, Gordon and the newly fledged promoter of sporting events had themselves lifted to the tenth- floor offices of the Gordonia Company, where they found Rathburn, the Mussel Bar chief of construction, pacing back and forth like a trapped creature in a cage. "Good morning, Murdoch," was Gordon's greeting. "Got your force rounded up and ready?" The engineer nodded. "Three hours ago. Keller and Hoskins had two hundred of the men loaded on the Belle of the South by seven o'clock. What's the word?" "GoF* cried Corydel, snapping his fingers. Rathburn darted out and made a dash for the ele- vators, and Corydel, pausing first to light a cigarette, crossed to a window, opened it and leaned far out over the sill. He gave a miniature cheer as he saw Rath- burn run across the sidewalk and fling himself into a waiting taxi. "The starters are off," he announced, closing the 99 Digitized by Google IOO THE FIRE BRINGERS window. "The next thing is the publicity end of it. But first let me ask you something, Tom Jeff. You put up a choppy little bluff over there in the meeting — about the colonel — and that was right and proper. But tell me straight — aren't you just a morsel or so afraid that Colonel Pettus may have allowed himself to be pulled over into the Hernshaw way of looking at things T 9 Gordon looked pained. "To tell the blank truth, Fred, I am. We don't know how Hernshaw has put it up to him, or how many lies he has told him. But you were at Beechford yesterday; what did you find out?" "Only one thing that has any bearing upon that sug- gestion of Guthrie's that you tried to kill off. Unless something new happened to him last night, the colonel certainly promised to be well enough to show up at the meeting this morning. He was laughing at Miss Marion for keeping him at home yesterday; said she did it just because she knew he wanted an excuse to spend an unbroken day or two at Beechford." "Is that all?" "Yes; no, by Jove ; it isn't quite all, either! We met Hernshaw driving his roadster up the inner side of Gilboa as we came down. Of course, he was on his way to the manor house." Corydel fished in his pocket and drew out a ten-dollar bill. "Say, Tom Jeff, I'm laying this against a handful of sordid copper pennies that Hernshaw was Henniker's 'special messenger* who carried, or was to carry, the notice of the meeting to the colonel. Take me up?" Gordon laughed and shook his head. "Not this time, Freddy ; I'm afraid you're betting on a sure thing." "I know good and well I am, brother; and I've got another ten-spot that says that the colonel never got Digitized by Google THE FOURTH ESTATE IOI Henniker's note — never saw it You're not taking that* either? You're no good. When will Rathburn reach the dam with his boatload of hustlers ?" "Not much before the middle of the afternoon." "Good. Then we have three or four hours ahead of us before we're due." "Due where?" "On the front porch at Beechford, where you and Mrs. Gordon and Miss Marion and her father and a chap named Corydel are going to be sunning them- selves when the Belle of the South heaves to at the construction-camp landing barge. In the meantime, suppose we go out and make a bit of hay while the weather is favorable. I want to make the acquaintance of your molders of public opinion." Gordon's car was in the club garage, and after it had been telephoned for, they went down to the curb to wait for it. "Is your charming little city a bit dull ; or does it only seem so to me?" Corydel asked, glancing up and down the not too busy main street upon which the forenoon shadow of the tall Coosa Building lay like the hour mark cast by the gnomon of a huge sundial. "It is really dull," Gordon admitted. "We're not advertising it to the world at large, but as a matter of fact the steady pressure of the coal situation — the con- stantly rising price — is having its effect. We have a few large industries and countless small ones, all at- tracted in the beginning by the promise of cheap fire under their boilers. As the price of fuel has risen, the smaller plants — being easily removable — have been leaving us. There has been no stampede, as yet ; but that, too, will come, if Mussel Bar fails us." "Mussel Bar isn't going to fail," asserted Corydel cheerfully. "We are going to be the Prometheans — Digitized by Google 102 THE FIRE BRINGERS the Fire Bringers. Say, old dear; there's a catch line for you! 'The Race of the Fire Bringers!' We'll run that on three-sheet posters, a bit farther along. ItH draw like a porous plaster — don't you believe it? I've got a hundred-dollar bill tucked away somewhere in my clothes that says it will. What? You won't bet? All right; but don't say I didn't give you a chaace at a piece of easy money. There comes your gas- wagon: let's be doing." At the office of the Tribune, Blaisdell, the owner, was not in; but Wheelock, the managing editor, was, and to him Gordon introduced Mussel Bar's new entre- preneur. Once fairly over the fence of unacquaint- ance, the amateur event-maker lost no time. "We're bringing you a business proposition this morning, Mr. Wheelock," he began blandly. "For some reason or other your neat little city seems to be a bit under the weather. What would you be willing to do toward making South Tredegar the best-advertised city in the South for the next three months?" Wheelock was a bald-headed man, lean, lank, with fishy eyes and a fighting jaw. He had been one of the pioneers in advocating the Mussel Bar project, and Blaisdell was a manufacturer whose personal interest in cheap power was quite considerable. "We would be willing to do anything in reason, Mr. Corydel," was the unhesitating reply. "What do you want us to do?" Corydel rapidly outlined the plan for reviving public interest in Mussel Bar, laying especial emphasis upon the sporting feature of the proposed race against time. Wheelock asked a single shot-like question. "Just a minute : What guaranty can you give us that this isn't a new-fangled sort of stock-9elling proposi- Digitized by Google THE FOURTU ESTATE 103 tion, Mr. Corydel? You'll have to admit that it sings a little that way." Corydel turned to Gordon. "Tell him, Tom Jeff." "Mr. Corydel is telling you the simple truth, Whee- lock," Gordon put in. "He is a bona fide investor him- self, to the extent of one hundred thousand in the capi- tal stock of Mussel Bar. I can vouch for him." Wheelock's gaze went adrift through the single un- washed window of the editorial sanctum. When he spoke again he was nodding gravely. "It's so damned ridiculous that it has a dash of greatness in it," he commented. "You say you are placing the bond issue that Henniker said couldn't be placed?" "A little at a time and often," said Corydel ; adding : "we're not calling it a bond sale, though ; we are merely telling our backers that we are putting up the bonds as collateral to secure them as contributors to the pro- moting fund. That part of it is something of an in- novation in event-making, and it seems to be reaching the spot" A grim smile flickered across the wooden features of the managing editor. "If you are getting any real money in, you are a genius — no less, Mr. Corydel," he conceded. "We shall have to hand it to you for discovering a new and highly original scheme for financing a crippled industrial project If you know how thoroughly that field has been plowed and harrowed, you'll appreciate the com- pliment We'll give you publicity, if that is what you want" "Thank you," said the complimented one; "but we want more than that, Mr. Wheelock. We want you to pitch into the Live Wire in every issue — give it to 'em hot and hot Tell your readers flat that the eve- Digitized by Google 104 THE FIRE BRINGERS ning paper is nothing more or less than a subsidized organ of the interests/ and of Universal Electric in particular. Intimate that, when the proper itime ar- rives, you're going to show 'em up with documentary evidence. Quite possibly you will acquire a libel suit or two, but don't let a little thing like that worry you. We'll pay the bills." Mr. Jackson Wheelock was a hard man to startle, but he had to gasp twice and settle himself more firmly in his chair before he was able to say: "Now if you were Mr. Hiram Corydel, instead of Mr. Frederic Corydel " "That's all right," laughed the amateur. "You'll probably hear from Mr. Hiram Corydel a little farther along. You mustn't take it as an insult if I say that we shall always be ready to raise his bid. All we ask is that you will give us a good-customer's show. I be- lieve that covers the ground — except to say that we shall be mighty glad if you can manage to fire the open- ing gun in to-morrow morning's issue. Is it a go? Or shall we have to see Mr. BlaisdeU?" Wheelock's face had resumed its habitual expression ; which was that of a nineteenth-century tobacconist's wooden Indian. "I think I may venture to answer for Mr. Blaisdell," he said. "Good enough. Now we'll go down to your busi- ness office and arrange for a page or so of display stuff. Are you fixed for doing poster work in your job department?" "Yes; three-color work, if desired." "Good, again. That will come along a little later. I'm going to import the best ad. man I can find in New York, and turn him loose on you. No; don't thank me : the thanks are the other way about ; we shall doubt- Digitized by Google THE FOURTH ESTATE 105 less be the Tribune's debtors for a whole lot before we are through. Good morning — delighted to have met you, I'm sure. Don't forget to land on the Live Wire like a load of brick tumbling from a ten-story scaffold. That is the keynote of the entire symphony." After the advertising space had been bargained for in the business office, Corydel took the driving seat in the Gordon car. "Pilot me to the Live Wire office," he directed; and Gordon did it. "Three squares down and one to the left." "Righto. Who is our victim there?" "Thorpe, the owner; his editor is a mere figure- head Thorpe poses as a friend of the common people, but in reality he is a politician, a grafter, and a dema- gogue of the bullying variety." "That sounds perfectly good to me. I like to get right up next to the man at the top when I can. It usually simplifies matters, no end. And if he's a grafter, so much the better; in that case, he'll fight" As good fortune would have it, Mr. Simon Thorpe was found at his desk in the Live Wire business office, and Corydel began on him quite as abruptly as he had on Wheelock. "You are advocating the sale of Mussel Bar to Uni- versal Electric, Mr. Thorpe," he said bluntly. "We are not going to ask you to change your policy ; neither are we going to ask you how much Universal Electric pays you for your space and influence. On the con- trary, we are here to help the merry war along. Make your fight on Mussel Bar just a little more spiteful, if you can, and let it include a few neatly bitter flings at your morning contemporary, the Tribune. If you will do that, we will undertake to throw some good spot- cash advertising your way — a good bit of it, if you'll only be convincing enough in your editorial columns." Digitized by Google io6 THE FIRE BRINGERS If he had thrown a lighted bomb under Mr. Simon Thorpe's chair the effect could scarcely have been more electrifying. "Wha — what's that you're saying?" stuttered the tyrant of the masses, dropping his cigar and springing to his feet. "I think you must have heard me," said Corydel calmly. "We ask you to pitch into the Mussel Bar project the best you know how, and we are willing to pay you for it. That's simple enough, isn't it?" Thorpe sat down again, fingering his heavy, horse- shoe mustaches. Then he stooped and groped at his feet for the dropped cigar. "Who the devil are you, Mr. Corydel?" he asked, after the silence had grown tense. "You embarrass me," protested the amateur entre- preneur blandly; "I thought the name was better known. Permit me." And he handed Thorpe a neatly engraved visiting-card, Thorpe frowned long and earnestly at the name. "Of course, you know Mr. Hiram Corydel 7* he said, at the end of the frowning scrutiny. "I ought to know him ; he is my father." "Um-m ! He sent you here to mix up in this Mussel Bar business?" Corydel's smile was cherubic — if it be possible to im- agine a cherub with a clean-cut, virile face and the torso of a young Hercules. "I may be young and inexperienced, Mr. Thorpe, but I'm not exactly the kind of idiot your remark would seem to imply," he rejoined affably. "Well, then, what is the game?" was the curt de- mand. "Now that you put it that way, I don't mind telling you all about it. A few of us — with more money than Digitized by Google THE FOURTH ESTATE 107. good sense, perhaps — have taken a notion to boom your charming little city. You've missed the point here, all of you. You have been trying to build up a manufacturing town on a site which Nature and all the prehistoric ages have been patiently fashioning into a pleasure ground. With your scenery, your his- toric battlefields, your mountains, your unapproachable climate, your miles of boulevarded drives, you need nothing but a practicable boating lake to enable you to give cards and spades to any and every resort in the South — or in all America, for that matter. I am sur- prised that an outlander has to come to you and point this out," he added in gentle reproach. Thorpe tossed the visiting-card upon his desk. "I'm a pretty busy man, Mr. Corydel. If you'll drain off the slush and get down to business " "I did that at first," Corydel reminded hiiti pleas- antly. "As I have said, a few of us have determined to emphasize this resort feature of South Tredegar. We are going to push the Mussel Bar dam to com- pletion — not as a hydro-electric proposition ; though of course we can't help it if you practical people choose to wire it up and put in more factories — not, as I say, as a utility, but as the one thing needed to give the town all the drawing cards ; a speedway lake in addition to the other attractions." Thorpe's scowl was fairly ferocious. "You're ex- pecting me to believe all this bunk?" Corydel spread his hands in affected helplessness. "Of course, Mr. Thorpe, if you can't take my word for it," he began. The owner of the Live Wire interrupted roughly. "What's your proposition — if you've got one?" "I made that at first, too, if you will take the trouble to recall it. Naturally, as the accredited organ of Uni- Digitized by Google io8 THE FIRE BRINGERS versal Electric, we don't expect the Live Wire to boost for us. But the next thing to a boost is a good, honest lambasting that will fairly take the hide off us and convince everybody that you and the Live Wire force are the only sane persons within a radius of a hundred miles. Since we can't hope to hfre you to help, we'd like to hire you to hinder. That is elemental enough, isn't it?" Thorpe ignored the business proposal for the mo- ment and went back to the charge of venality which Corydel had twice thrown at him. "You don't want to go round this town giving it out that the Live Wire has been bought and sold," he said half-menacingiy. "You might get yourself hauled into court and asked to prove it." Corydel met the smoldering threat in the Mack eyes of the newspaper owner with his most engaging smile. "And if I should, isn't it possible — just barely pos- sible, you know — that I might be able to prove it?" he inquired suavely. Thorpe picked up the visiting-card again and stared gloomily at it. Was this young fool of a rich man's son trying to run a Muff? There was just one chance in ten thousand that he wasn't, and in deference to that chance the tyrant of the masses made one more effort to get at the true kernel of the nut. "You're trying to string me, some way," he growled, "and it doesn't go in this man's town. You'd better loosen up— you and Gordon, both. I'm on the inside. If you are in with the right people, as your name would seem to indicate, you needn't play horse with ft me. "And if we are not in with the 'right people' ?" sug- gested Corydel. "In that case," said Thorpe, speaking quite without Digitized by Google THE FOURTH ESTATE heat, "in that case, Mr. Corydel, you'll pretty soon find this town too damned hot to hold you and your play- ground scheme ; that's all." Corydel got upon his feet, smiling. "Start your heating fire first, Mr. Thorpe; then you'll not be taking any chances. Meanwhile, we'll give you a page or so of display advertising now and then, when we have something special to feature — just to help buy fuel for your heating plant, you know. Glad to have met you, I'm sure. Good-morning." Gordon was shaking his head rather dubiously when the automobile, guided by Corydel's skilful steering hand, was once more threading its way through the streets. "You made an enemy there, gratuitously, Fred," he warned gravely. "Thorpe is a power in this town; as I've said, he is a politician, a grafter, and a most un- scrupulous fighter. He can swing a majority in the city council, and he has the county court pretty well under his thumb. Was it worth while to stir him up?" The auto-steerer's rejoinder was unhesitating. "Anything is worth while that will get this thing talked about, Tom Jeff. If we can only stir up a scrap big enough to make the New York and Chicago papers sit up and lake notice, I shall be quite happy." "I confess I don't see your object," Gordon de- murred. "You'll see it fast enough, later on. What have you , got to do in town before we go out to Deer Trace for luncheon?" "Nothing." "Good. Then we may as well hit the pike. Tell me if I take any of the wrong turnings." Digitized by Google X WHEN THE DEVIL. DRIVES It was while the Gordons and their guest were at table in the shadowy, old-fashioned dining-room at Deer Trace that three men drew up chairs in the sit- ting-room of a comfortably furnished suite on the fourth floor of the Hotel Marlboro to continue, in pru- dent privacy, a conference begun over their luncheon in the cafe below stairs. The suite of which the sitting-room was a part was the temporary headquarters of Mr. Corwin Hern- shaw; and Mr. Hernshaw's guests and confrhres at the late luncheon were Mr. Vancourt Henniker and Mr. Simon Thorpe. Since there were brandy and seltzer, black coffee and an open box of cigars on the small table about which the three were gathered, it was evident that Hernshaw, as host, lived up to the premise of a pair of rather epicurean eyes and a jowl slightly too well padded for a man of his years. "You have the age on the rest of us, Hernshaw/' Thorpe was saying; "you* ve* known this young Corydel in some of his other incarnations. What is he — just plain ass, or a sure-enough young Napoleon of finance?" "Neither," replied Hernshaw shortly. "He is mere- ly a rich man's son who has never had to do anything more perplexing than to invent different ways of spend- ing his income, He is a university man, with a post- graduate year in engineering, and another in architec- 110 Digitized by Google * WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES ill ture. The one thing his father has never been able to do with him is to drive him into doing something useful." "Then he is really sane, is he?" It was Henniker who wished to be assured. "Oh, yes ; as sane as such play-boys usually are. His fad is sport, with a leaning toward speed boats and high-powered cars. He drove his own racer in the Vanderbilt last year, and his own boat in the Lake Worth cup trials a few weeks ago." 'Urn," said Henniker thoughtfully. Then: "I've told you both what was done in the meeting of the board, and what he said. Is it entirely safe to assume that he is going into this thing as a— er — as a sport- ing proposition — as he declares he is? Or is that only a skilful mask for the real reason?" The ex-Government engineer shook his head "I don't believe he knows, fully, himself. He was always a fellow to do the different thing; not the thing that you would expect him to do, or the thing that anybody else would do." "Let that part of it go," said Thorpe curtly. "The main question is: Can he swing the money?" Hernshaw shrugged his shoulders. "You have heard what Mr. Henniker says ; that he is placing the bonds on wire orders from a lot of rotten young money spenders like himself. Then he has money of his own; a million or so that came from his mother's side of the family. I wouldn't care to bet that he couldn't capitalize the scheme if he tries hard enough." Thorpe took a cigar from the open box, frowned dis- approvingly at it, put it back, and took a bigger and blacker one from his own ' ^nse. "That being the fact, put him out of Digitized by Google 112 THE FIRE BRINGERS business," he said coolly, as he clipped the end of the black cigar. "The Mussel Bar plum was ready to drop into the basket two days ago; it will be ready again the minute we can choke this young plunger off. The one thing I'm a little afraid of is that he's got his father behind him in this deal. Old Commodore Hiram is a pretty smooth article, as we all know. Maybe he wants to pick this particular plum for his own private table." "Urn," said the banker again, more thoughtfully than before. Openness was not one of Mr. Vancourt Henniker's virtues; in his private category of defini- tions it ranked rather as one of the vices. When he went on, it was in the manner of one doling out pre- cious hoardings. "Yesterday — ah — this young man made a draft on his New York bank for a large sum of money. In addition to the usual wire inquiry sent by the bank, I took the liberty of telegraphing Mr. Hiram Corydel. I think I may safely say that he will sanction and approve anything we may find it neces- sary to do to stop this extraordinary interference on the part of his son; that is — ah — anything in reason. He seems very much incensed; in fact, his telegrams are quite violent." "So?" said Thorpe; and Hernshaw's eyes lighted up suddenly. "You can take the backing of the Iron City National away from them," Hernshaw suggested. "That would tangle them a bit." "I did that at once; rather — ah — unadvisedly, I fear," Henniker replied. "Stuart, of the Security, stepped in immediately and took young Coryders ac- count. Doubtless the Mussel Bar Company's will fol- low." "We'll have to bring pressure to bear on Stuart ; he's Digitized by Google WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES "3 getting entirely too previous in this town," said Thorpe, setting his teeth into the black cigar. "But that's a side issue. What are we going to do with this young plunger?" Mr. Henniker was still cogitating. A certain wrath- ful phrase in Mr. Hiram Corydel's latest wire com- munication furnished the seed thought, and the sug- gestion that was slowly growing out of it was very daring. Unhappily, Mr. Vancourt Henniker's strong point was not daring; instead, it was. cool and cal- culating finesse. Hernshaw was relighting his cigar, and 4)etween puffs he injected a fresh complication into the matter under discussion. "There is another thing," he said. "Do either of you know how Corydel happened to drop in here at this time?" Receiving morose assurances to the con- trary, he went oa "It seems that he was passing through on his way from Florida to New York and missed a train connection. To kill time, he hired a motor boat on the river, and in some way managed to get himself shipwrecked at Mussel Bar. Gordon and his man Norman fished him out — I don't know how they happened to be there at that time, but they were—* and they took him up to the colonel's house for re- suscitation purposes." "Wen?" Thorpe grunted. "He stayed over night at Beeehford, and he has been over there twice since. Which may mean that he is making good with the colonel." "Or, more likely, with the colonel's daughter," Thorpe put in, with malice aforethought. Then, quite brutally: "He'll be putting a spider in your tea over there if you don't watch out, Hernshaw." Hernshaw ignored the brutality. "He's got to be Digitized by Google 114 THE FIRE BRINGERS stopped, somehow," he said decisively ; "there are no two ways about that. You South Tredegar people can't afford to antagonize two or three hundred mil- lions of capital. And Corydel is the king pin; pull him out, and the whole business falls to pieces again." Thorpe was swearing sourly at his tobacconist and lighting a third match for his black cigar. Mr. Hen- niker sat back in his chair, nervously washing his fat hands in invisible soap and water. The seed thought — the terribly daring one — was growing with increasing rapidity; but, unluckily, the banker's courage was not growing to keep pace with it. It was the newspaper owner who cut into the pause following Hernshaw's summing-up of the necessities. "I take it you're keeping cases on Colonel Pettus, Hernshaw. How does he stand in this new raffle?" The query was a most natural one, but it seemed to embarrass the ex-inspector. "I don't know," he evaded. "Most likely he doesn't yet know about this latest development — CorydeTs butt-in on the Mussel Bar board. His telephone line is still out of commission. Corydel was over at Beech- ford yesterday afternoon, driving Mrs. Gordon and the children. How much or how little he told the colonel, I can't say." "But you saw the colonel last evening, didn't you?" inquired the banker. "Yes." "Then he had recovered from his indisposition? Wasn't he well enough to come into town for the meeting this morning?" Again it was Mr. Henniker who wanted to know. Unlike the unctuous gentleman who presided over the destinies of the Iron City National, Hernshaw Digitized by Google WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES 115 usually had the courage of his convictions; he had it now, "I didn't deliver your note," he returned quite placidly. 'Didn't deliver it? But why, Mr. Hernshaw — why didn't you deliver it?" gasped the sender of the sum- mons. "I didn't think it was judicious — in the circumstan- ces. I argued — most justly, I think you will both agree — that matters would be facilitated in the direc- tors' meeting if the colonel should not be present In that connection, I don't mind telling you that it was I who cut the telephone wires earlier in the day." Thorpe laughed grimly, as he would have laughed if the wire-cutting had been done by some emissary of Corydel's. Such methods were more or less famil- iar to him, and he was fair enough to give an op- ponent any advantage that he would not scruple to take himself. But the banker was plainly shocked. "Let it be understood, once for all, that I can not be implicated in anything illegal!" he protested in a fat wheeze. "You have made me stultify myself, Mr. Hernshaw! I assumed the responsibility, before the entire board, for the sending of the notice to Colonel Pettus!" Thorpe was still grinning; and a slow smile spread itself over the well-nourished face of the ex-inspector. He was not trying to keep the contempt out of his voice when he said : "We are each of us fighting for his own corner in this business, Mr. Henniker, and I suppose it is well understood that we pull together only when the end to be subserved is profitable alike to us all. Thorpe, here, gets his rake-off for services rendered; and you get yours. My share of the loot is, as yet, Digitized by Google u6 THE FIRE B RINGERS conditional ; but I'm going to earn it, if I can — and in the most feasible way that offers itself." "But I can not allow myself to be overriden in this fashion!" the fat banker Mustered feebly. "What could you hope to gain by keeping Colonel Pettus away from the meeting?" "That is my own business," was the rapped-out re- tort of the younger man, and he said it almost vin- dictively. "I know very well what I am about." Then, with apparent irrelevance : "Are you already forgetting what I told you about the way in which young Corydel broke into this thing? It has been a crazy string of accidents, from the first dash out of the box. You'd better let ifae handle that end of it; it's going to be the hot end, as you'll find out before you're through with it." Again the newspaper owner grinned appreciatively. "There never was a mix-up in this world without a woman at the bottom of it," he generalized cynically. Then : "Does the colonel know that Rathburn and hi$ men are on their way down the river to begin work again?" "No," said Hernshaw crisply. "And he isn't going to know it until I have another chance at him. I've taken care of that, too." Mr. Henniker consulted his watch and the two who sat opposite saw that the banker's hands were trem- bling. "They will be there in another hour or so," said the watch holder. "Not unless they swim first and walk afterward," Hernshaw denied grittingly. "Scammon, the pilot of the Belle, is on my pay-roll; I put him there a week ago, on chances. There are plenty of places between Digitized by Google WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES 117 here and Mussel Bar where a boat can go aground on a sand bar." The day was by no means excessively warm, and the Marlboro fourth-floor suite was well ventilated and airy. Yet Mr. Henniker was forced to have recourse to his handkerchief. And, after he had mopped his face twice, the little beads of perspiration were still standing thickly upon his forehead. "Really, gentlemen, I — I can't be implicated in any such unlaw — such irregular methods !" he protested, be- ginning to struggle up out of the depths of the arm- chair. But Thorpe pushed him back roughly. "You make me sick, Henniker!" he rasped. "If you were in court it would be all right ; but you needn't get out your halo here. Hernshaw knows you, and I know you. You'd sandbag young Corydel as quickly as either of us would ; and after he was once good and dead, you'd do what neither one of us two would do — you'd take the coppers off his eyes! Let's get down to brass tacks. How are we going to get rid of him?" "No— no!" quavered the banker; "I can't discuss that with you. Let me go. I absolutely refuse to be a party to anything unlaw — that is — er — illegal !" Thorpe's big cigar had gone out again, and he was chewing the cold butt viciously — a sign which his un- derlings, political or journalistic, knew and prudently heeded. "If I've got to put it into you and turn it around a few times, I will !" he grated. "Do you suppose, for a single fat-headed minute, that I don't know what you did when you took those bonds to New York? Of course it wasn't illegal for you deliberately to kill the market for them, was it? And if you can squirm out of that, I've got you on another count. Why are you Digitized by Google n8 THE FIRE BRINGERS so tearfully anxious to get your pay-envelope from Universal Electric for services rendered? I'll tell you why, Henniker: You 9 re afraid that some fine day the bank examiner will want to know why you transferred your own investment in Mussel Bar, a local and prac- tically bankrupt power company, from your awn ac- count to the bank's!" The big-bodied Iron City president had been slowly collapsing under the merciless fire of accusation; but when Thorpe stopped, he sat up and fumbled in his pockets for a paper, his hands trembling again, and little yellow patches appearing here and there in the full-fleshed expanse of cleanly shaven cheek and double chin. The seed thought was about to blossom and bear fruit The paper sought for, and found at last, proved to be a telegram. The shaking hands folded it so that the final line was the only one exposed. Thorpe read the line first and chuckled. Then Hernshaw came and looked over the banker's shoulder. "From his father?" he asked. Henniker nodded. "Say it, and get it off your chest, ,, said the ex- inspector. Henniker was breathing like a man in an asthmatic fit "I thought — we — we might make that our— our warrant," he stammered. "N-not necessarily with vi- violence, you understand, but " "Of course," Thorpe cut in morosely. "Why didn't you loosen up at first? Give me that telegram and go back to your money-counting. Hernshaw and I will take care of the candle-snuffing, and we'll handle it so that you won't appear in it — illegally. That will be all, for you." Digitized by Google XI CROSSED WIRES At the Bccchford carriage entrance the new car, which was Corydel's latest extravagance, stood quies- cent; and on the great-pillared, river-fronting porch its passengers, with Colonel Pettus and his daughter, were taking the air and the afternoon sunshine comfortably in old-fashioned, split-bottomed hickory chairs. Two full hours had elapsed since Corydel had turned the ignition switch on the dash of the new car, and the matchless April afternoon was waning to its close. Down upon the river bank the deserted construction camp exhibited no signs of life. The two small steam- boats, the barges and the derrick scows swung idly at their moorings, the concrete mixers and rock crushers were silent, and the fires were out under the various boilers of the scattered plant. In the three days which had elapsed since Corydel had made his unpremeditated voyage of discovery in the ill-fated Valkyrie XL the river had gone down, and now the uncompleted sec- tions of the great dam were showing above the pour- ing flood like the broken teeth of some huge, prehistoric river monster. In the porch distribution Corydel had contrived to place himself at an angle commanding a clear view of the river above the dam. From out of the mountain fastnesses, a mile or more beyond the piers of the pro- jected railroad bridge, would come the first gesture of renewed activities in the approach of the Belle of the 119 Digitized by Google 120 THE FIRE BRINGERS South with the returning working force. Straight on through the expectant interval the reviver of moribund industries had talked against time, playing a cheerful second to anybody and everybody while the conversa- tion remained general. But later, after the colonel had taken the Gordons into the house to show them some eighteenth-century prints he had picked up during his recent sojourn in the capital, and he was left alone with Marion Pettus on the porch, the watcher of river vistas brushed the generalities aside and became com- panionably personal. "I'm mighty glad to see that your father appears to be quite all right again," he offered. "I fancied he seemed to be still under the weather— depressed, you know — yesterday afternoon, when Mrs. Gordon and I drove over with the children; or was that only a notion of mine?" "He was depressed — with very good reason," was the low-toned reply. Then, tentatively: "I suppose Tom Jeff has told you something about this Mussel Bar undertaking?" "Quite a bit, yes," he admitted. "I — er — you might say that he has told me all there is to tell." "Then you must know how deeply Daddy is in- volved. He went into it as enthusiastically as a younger man might, and its success has meant every- thing to him." Corydel nodded. He was still keeping his gaze fixed upon that upper reach of the river which was obstinately refusing to background the smoke from the twin stacks of the Belle of the South. "Yes," he ac- knowledged; "Tom Jeff has told me something about that, too." "Its failure — for I suppose it has failed, so far as the original company is concerned — meant much more than Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 121 a mere loss of time and effort and money to Daddy. He has the old-fashioned sense of honor" — here Cory- del felt that she was picking and choosing among the phrases to make them comprehensible to a Northern outlander who probably had the business conscience of his kind — "and many of his friends — our friends — had bought stock in the company ; people who couldn't af- ford to lose what they were investing, you know." "Quite so; I understand." "Up to yesterday there didn't seem to be any pos- sible way of discharging this debt of honor, and that was what made Daddy so blue and discouraged. But everything is all right, now." Corydd prided himself upon having fairly good con- trol of his emotions, but this calm assertion of the all- rightness of things, at a time when the resuscitating battle was scarcely begun, gave him a decided shock. Had the news of the proceedings of the morning meet- ing of the directors already reached Beechford? The best possible assurance that it had not lay in the fact that not once during the entire afternoon had any refer- ence been made to the meeting or its outcome, either by the colonel or Miss Marion — an omission which could be accounted for only on the hypothesis that neither of them knew anything about the epoch-mark- ing event of the morning and the part which he, Frederic Corydel, had been permitted to play in it Besides, there was that saying of hers, "Up to yes- terday." On the yesterday the meeting had not yet been held, nor had any steps been taken looking to- ward the nesuscitative battle. What then? Corydel's thoughts, shuttling swiftly, wove the probable answer. Had not he and Mrs. Ardea met Hernshaw driving up the landward grades of Gilboa as they were returning Digitized by Google 122 THE FIRE BRINGERS to Deer Trace the previous afternoon? Assuredly they had "May I ask how the blessed miracle was wrought?" he inquired, striving to put no more than the modicum of friendly eagerness into the words. "I am beginning to suspect that you have no need to ask," she returned, with a smile. Then : "Didn't you telegraph your father about us, Mr. Corydel?" If Corydel did not explode, it was not because the humorous provocative was lacking. That she should think that the miracle had been wrought in answer to any prayer of his was, in the light of the answer his father had made, nothing less than the grimmest of jokes. "What makes you think I did that?" he asked. "Something that Ardea said when you and she were over here yesterday. I'm going to take back all the hard things I've ever said about Universal Electric." "I— er — well, I shouldn't be in any too great hurry to do that, if I were you," he managed to say. "If it wouldn't be asking too much, I'd like to know why the octopus comes in for this swift charity." "I'm still believing that you know more about it than we do," she insisted, looking up from the little embroidery frame over which she was bending; "or at least, more than I do. I only know that some one — and I'm sure it must be your father — has come to our rescue. When we lose our right to build the dam, Daddy is to have money enough to buy back all the stock he has sold to our friends." "Fine!" said Corydel; and, having once more caught up with his emotions: "I suppose Corry Hernshaw brought you the good news yesterday?" " 'Corry' ?" she repeated with an inquiring lift of the perfect eyebrows; "do you know Mr. Hernshaw?" Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 123 "I used to know him, years ago." "He has been very good to us in all these troubles. I think it was partly his wish to be in a position to help us that made him resign from the Government service." Corydel was figuratively beating his breast in despair, but he made no outward sign. How could he go about it to convince this adorable young woman who fondly imagined that she had parted with all the sex- illusions that Hernshaw was a mere pot-hunter for Big Money, even in this latest characterization in which he was posing as a savior of the Pettus honor — a thief, because he was virtually robbing Peter to pay Paul? Also, how was the colonel — and the colonel's daughter — going to feel about it when they should learn that he, Frederic Corydel, had intervened to upset all the well- laid plans of Universal Electric's emissary in the field? For the first time during this afternoon of watching and waiting, he found himself hoping that the Belle of the South might be delayed yet a little longer. "Then your father is willing to let the Mussel Bar project, as a local undertaking, go by the board?" he threw in, merely to gain a bit more time. "What would you? One has to be willing to turn bade, sometimes — when the road is blocked." "But if the road could be unblocked ?" he suggested eagerly. "We all know that it can't be; so what is the use?" "But if it could be," he urged; "if the bonds could be sold and the money raised to go on with ? Wouldn't that be better?" "What is the use?" she repeated. "Mr. Henniker tried to place the bonds in New York, and he couldn't. Mr. Hernshaw told us some time ago that it wouldn't Digitized by Google 124 THE FIRE BRINGERS be any use to try to sell the bonds, with the bond market the way it has been for the past year." Again the idler beat upon his breast— figuratively. There was every reason to fear, now, that the colonel — and, by necessary implication, the colonel's daughter — would regard his plunge into Mussel Bar as a most unwarrantable interference. And, aside from attacking Hernshaw and his motives openly — a thing which he was much too wise to do — there was no way in which the interference could be reasonably explained Past this, there were good grounds for the assump- tion that Hernshaw, firmly intrenched in the colonel's confidence, would roil the waters plentifully for a rash and spectacular inter ferer. He could argue, quite plausibly, that all the carefully worked-out plans by which at least some of the investors in Mussel Bar might be saved alive were to be overturned and nulli- fied by an idiotic young ne'er-do-well, who was, more- over, thrusting the crowbar of meddlesome ignorance into the machinery of his own father's business affairs. The colonel would believe him, and so, doubtless, would this clear-eyed and most enrapturing young woman who was once more bending over her embroidery frame. Again Corydel was deeply thankful for the respite afforded by the delayed appearance of the Belle of the South. A beneficent fate was generously giving him time in which to build his defenses — if he could only summon the wit to build them deftly and quickly. And the present was the critical moment. What was to be said must be said before Hernshaw should have another chance to cut in with his own version of the inter- ference. The transformed idler snatched one more hasty glance at the up-river vista of portent, and plunged im- pulsively. Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 125 "Day before yesterday, Miss Marion, you were kind enough to try to show me the error of a grasshopper's ways," he rertiinded her pleadingly. "Please don't tell me now that I shouldn't have taken you seriously." "I won't," she looked up to say. "You are Bess's brother, and I meant every word of it." "But not merely because I happen to be Bess's brother, I hope? Let that pass. I've reformed. Gaze upon me and behold the playful grasshopper trans* formed, overnight, as you might say, into the franti- cally industrious ant. A few hours ago I was elected one of the directors in the Mussel Bar Power & Light Company, with — er — power to act." "You?" — gaspingly; "you are a director in Mussel Bar?" "It is even so. I've bought a piece of the stock, and I have even gone so far as to place quite a few of those brand-new bonds among some good friends of mine." "But, Mr. Corydel!" she protested; and then, as if the second thought were completely enlightening : "Oh, but I understand now ; of course, you were acting for your father." "That's the funny part of it," the plunger returned, with a boyish grin. "I'm doing it on my own, and if I'm not greatly mistaken, the pater will blow up into many sharp-cornered little shards when he hears of it You did it with your little hatchet, you know : I'm no longer a gaudy and useless grasshopper." "But — but" — the young woman in the deep-seated porch chair was plainly shocked and helplessly be- wildered — "what will all this mean to — to " "To the Mussel Bar enterprise? We are hoping it will mean the completion of the dam within the time limit," he announced soberly; "in fact, Rathburn and his men are already on their way down here to start Digitized by Google 126 THE FIRE BRINGERS the machinery going again. I— we haven't told your father, you know. We — er — thought it would be a pleasant little surprise for him." The vision of the rose garden, and of other and mora utilitarian backgrounds, needed time in which to grapple with this astounding revelation, and she took it Corydel waited, hoping for the best, and telling himself that he was prepared for the worst. When she began again, it was his fear that was realized, rather than the hope. "How could they let you do it !" she said, meaning, as he supposed, the combined wisdom of his associates on the board of directors. "If there were the slightest chance of success — but there isn't; every expert we have consulted has told us that it is absolutely impossi- ble to complete the dam within the time limit. What you are doing, and have persuaded the others to consent to, will only make the final loss that much more stag- gering. Besides, 'the — the arrangement that Mr. Hern- shaw has worked so hard to bring about will go for nothing, and Daddy's friends — our friends — will— 8 — " Miss Pettus quite evidently had emotions of her own and they were threatening to submerge her. Again Corydel found himself pocketed in a blind alley. By all the rules of the game he was inhibited from telling her that Hernshaw's promise to her father was linked up with a barefaced robbery in- volving at least nine out of every ten of the smaller stockholders in Mussel Bar. So he took the only safe course and said nothing. "I feel horribly, wretchedly guilty," she went on, after the little choking pause. "Bess wasn't exaggerat- ing when she used to tell me how utterly irresponsible you were. If I had had any idea that you " "Of course, you couldn't have," he hastened to say, Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 127 groping his way out of the blind alley. Then, in a sud- den access of man-with-a-maid wisdom : "But, really, you know, you did it. If you hadn't called me a grasshopper I might never have waked up." "You called yourself that," she retorted. "Does Tom Jeff know what you have done?" "He has aided and abetted." "But what will come of it — what can come of it? Think of what people will say when they see you try- ing to oppose your own father! And think of what he will say!" Corydel smiled "Most of the people I know will laugh and call it a good joke; on me if we fail, or on Universal Electric if the cat jumps t;he other way. And as for the pater and his bunch : they'll do us up if they can, and if they succeed, they will call it 'good busi- ness' and let it go at that" "And that is what will happen," she prophesied sorrowfully. "I'm all of Daddy's sons and daughters, and I've had to know a lot about Mussel Bar. For more than two years we've eaten it and drunk it and slept it here at Beechford. Universal Electric has all the money in the world. It won't let you succeed; it will make you lose everything in the end." "Thank you for the compliment to the pater," Cory- del grinned. "If it were going to be just an ordinary business fight, with nothing to put the unbeatable factor of pep into it, I grant you we shouldn't have much of a chance. But I've developed a brand-new idea." And thereupon he sketched for her the outline of the great idea; to make the race against time a true sport- ing event — the Race of the Fire Bringers. As he went on enlarging upon the outline, telling her what had already been done and what he meant to do, he could see that he was awakening a small Digitized by Google 128 THE FIRE BRINGERS glow of enthusiasm in his audience of one, though he rightly judged that the enthusiasm was rather fear- ful than confident. "If it wasn't just merely a wild dream — if you could only make it come true !" she breathed. "It's daring — just as daring as it caft be! But, as I say, you won't be allowed to succeed; I know you won't. And when it is all over, and you have failed " Corydel played one more card, and it was his last. "Day before yesterday you promised me you'd help. I don't ask you to do anything but just to wait, and — er — sort of give me the benefit of the doubt ; to do that, and to try to persuade your father that the thing ?.sn't as crazily and idiotically crackbrained as it may seem to him to be. I know, the way the deal was fixed up with Universal Electric, he and his friends were to be taken care of; but there are others." "I don't understand," she put in quickly. "No; of course you don't. And I can't explain — not at this stage of the game. But " The little interval of outdoor privacy was ended. The sun had dropped behind the western mountain and the art lovers were coming out of the house; the colonel urging his visitors to stay to dinner, and Mrs- Gordon protesting that they could not because young Mr. Norman and his wife, a short fortnight home from their wedding trip, had been invited to a Deer Trace dinner. "We've made rather a dark-brown fizzle of it, I'll say," Corydel muttered to Gordon, when they went to turn the car for the homeward run. "What in the name of all the cats do you suppose has happened to Mr. Murdoch Rathburn?" Gordon shook his head. "I can't imagine. Shall we tell the colonel before we go?" Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 129 Corydel was assiduously dusting the tonnoau seat, and he kept on doing it "There's a muddle — a bad one," he vouchsafed. "I've told Miss Marion and she'll tell her father. Hern- shaw has muddied the water for us here, no end. I'll explain later." Since the Normans' train would be due at Gordonia in less than half an hour, the leave-takings were cut short; and presently Corydel was sending the new high- powered car at express speed up the curving grades of the Gilboa road. Fortunately there were no other vehicles on the road, and the murmuring thunder of the big motor was not checked until the car began to coast down the grades on the Paradise side of the mountain. Midway on the last of the grades, and but a short distance from the looping curve leading to the Para- dise pike, the two staring electrics of an automobile flicked into view. Corydel promptly slowed for the passing; but there was no passing on the part of the stranger. As it proved, the upward-bound car was halted by the roadside. Its top was up and its seats were empty; but the hood was open and the motorist, a shadowy figure in dust coat, cap and goggles, was tinkering the motor. Corydel had braked to a foot- pace and Gordon called out : "HeUo! Want any help?" "No," growled the man in the dust coat, without looking up. Corydel eased his brakes to go on, and as he did so, the dust-coated tinkerer was held for an instant in the beam of the left-hand headlamp. It was Gordon who recognized the gruff refuser of help. "It's Hernshaw— on his way to Beechford," he whispered to Corydel as they went on. "I'm beginning Digitized by Google 130 THE FIRE BRINGERS to wish we had made a clean breast of it to the colonel. There's no telling what sort of a mess Hernshaw will make of it, now that we've given him the first shot at the explanation target." "Don't worry," said Corydel shortly. "I had it out with Miss Marion, as I told you, and she'll tell her father." Then, as a prolonged, deep-throated whistle blast, softened by distance to a bell-like sweetness, echoed in the mountain fastnesses to the westward: "Thank Heaven! that's Rathburn's stern-w.heeler at last ! Now if he can only manage to tie up at the dam and get his cooking fires started before Cony Hern- shaw finds out what is the matter with his stopped motor, I'll raise the pay of everybody concerned." "Ump!" said Gordon; "what good will the cooking fires do?" Corydd's laugh was a bit brittle. "Just now, old dear, we're counting heavily upon psychological effects — all over the lot. Hold that idea in suspense until we can have a talk session to-night, after your guests leave." There was a pleasant little dinner to follow the swift return from the farther side of Gilboa, with the mel- low old Deer Trace dining-room softly lighted by the shaded electrics and the many-branched heirloom can- delabra, and with only the newly married couple for guests. It was Corydel's first conscious meeting with the man who had dragged him out of the river on the night of the shipwreck; and the clean-cut alertness of the young water pipe sales manager impressed him so favorably that he made a mental note to ask Gordon, later, if Norman could not be spared from his water- pipe duties to take a hand in the Mussel Bar struggle. This thought was still in his mind at die close of the Digitized by Google CROSSED WIRES 131 social evening, when the Gordons drove their guests to the railway station to take a late train back to the city. It was a perfect night, and when the train-catch- ing party had disappeared in the direction of Gordonia, Corydel got out of the porch lazy-chair in which he had spent most of the evening and strolled down the driveway under the shadowing oaks, meaning to turn back when the lamps of the Gordon car should come in sight. Sauntering thus, he came presently to the stone- pillared portal gates; and, as Gordon had left them open in driving out, there was an unobstructed view of a section of the white pike, and across it to the Deer Trace pasture on the opposite side of the road. There were trees to line the pasture fence, and against the darker background Corydel saw the dim outlines of a large touring car. To all appearances the car was de- serted; the motor was not running and there were no lights. "Humph!" mused the onlooker in the open gateway, "that's a bit odd ! I wonder if that car was there when Tom Je^F drove out?" Then he started across the road to investigate. As he left the shelter of the portal, two men rose up out of the shadows to confront him, and a third, from somewhere in the rearward darkness, ripped out an impatient command, "Jump him, you blockheads !" Instinctively, with a trained athlete's instant readi- ness, Corydel put up his hands and struck out right and left at the two confronting figures. As he did so, a smothering lap-robe was flung over his head from be- hind, and while he fought for breath a network of cords entangled him to bind him into helpless submis- sion. Subsequently, after what seemed like a stifling eter* Digitized by Google 132 THE FIRE BRINGERS nity, the lap-robe was removed to give him air. But by this time he had been hoisted into the tonneau of the waiting car, with an unknown man on either side to grip him ; and the car, driven recklessly by a third unknown, was bounding and lurching in a furious speed rush over the ruts and thank-ye-ma'ams of an un- familiar country road Digitized by Google xn EPISODIC When South Tredegar awoke on the morning fol- lowing the departure of the Belle of the South for the industrial battlefield at Mussel Bar, it found its first instalment of sensational developments waiting on its doorstep. Early morning readers of the Tribune were the first to get the news. Under page-wide headlines they saw the announcement of the resumption of work upon the Mussel Bar dam and power plant; and the customary front-page matter was cut to the bone to make room for write-ups which were neither more nop less than reading-matter advertisements of the renewed race against time, with the sporting feature of the un- dertaking for a theme, and many enthusiastic adjectives in the commentary. On the editorial page there was more of the same. Starting off with a double-leaded jubilation over the brightening prospects for the manufacturing interests of the city, Wheelock had followed with a shrewd at- tack upon Universal Electric as a grasping monopoly wishful to throttle the city's industries by seeking to acquire the only possible source of cheap power. In this connection he boldly attacked the Evening Live Wine as the paid organ of the monopoly, intimating that at the proper time the evidence would be forth- coming to prove this charge. In a third editorial the Tribune paid its respects to certain unnamed "local financiers ,, who had stood ready 133 Digitized by Google 134 THE FIRE BRINGERS to break faith with the best interests of their own city. While neither Corydel nor Gordon had betrayed the secrets of the directors 9 meeting, some one else had ; and, with rare good judgment and discretion, Wheelock had made telling use of this inside inf ormatioa Dep- recating the necessity for making charges against a minority of the board, the Tribune stated baldly, and as a fact that cbuld be fully substantiated, that a plot in which these unnamed ones were implicated, and which had for its object the practical presentation upon a silver platter of the Mussel Bar properties to Uni- versal Electric, had been frustrated at the last moment only by the timely intervention of a visiting capitalist. Leaving this sub-climax at the exact ppint at which it would be most likely to put a torch to every dry brush pile of public curiosity, Wheelock devoted the remainder of his space to a "Rouse, ye Romans!" burst of eloquence, aad an appeal to civic patriotism which would have done credit to a professional revolutionist. Lastly, by way of giving full measure, the Tribune's editor had cut the "Wit and Humor" column in half, and had thus made space for another blast of the trumpet of gratulation. In this he told a little more about the manner of the city's rescue in its hour of need; not too much, but enough to add a few more prickings to whatever unpiqued curiosity might re- main in his readers. The capitalist who had wrought the miracle was a young man, a member of a well- known and wealthy New York family. While he was determined that South Tredegar should have its busi- ness opportunity untrammeled by the fetterings of a grinding monopoly, his interest in the Mussel Bar proj- ect was more that of an amateur sportsman than that x of a business promoter; nevertheless, he had shown his Digitized by Google EPISODIC 135 good faith by becoming a stockholder in the Mussel Bar company, and was in the fight to stay. Touching upon the new promoter's idea of making the race of dam-building against time a unique sport- ing event, Wheelock dwelt emphatically upon the ad- vantages which were certain to accrue upon the ex- ploitation of South Tredegar as a center of interest for sportsmen, sightseers and pleasurers. With a magnificent, still-water lake, beginning at the city wharf and extending through many miles of the most pictur- esque mountain scenery in the* South, added, to its already unequaled attractions, climatic and historical, it lay easily within the capabilities of a progressive citi- zenry to make South Tredegar and the surrounding mountains the successful rival of any resort region in the central South. Last, but not least, upon turning to the middle sec- tion of its morning paper, "a progressive citizenry" was confronted with an entire page, blank save for two startling display lines in its center : THE RACE OF THE FIRE BRINGERS! Watch This Space For Th* Scoring. Being a manufacturing city, and therefore given to early rising, South Tredegar was firmly In the grip of its sensation long before the ornamental grilles pro- tecting the front doors of the Iron -City National Bank were opened for the business day. The street corners, the sidewalk news-stands, the hotel lobbies, each held its group»of eager questioners. Who or what w*re the Fire Bringers? Who was the mysterious capitalist who was daring enough to take up the cudgels against Universal Electric? Was it true that there had been a plot? — and if so, who were the prominent citizens Digitized by Google 136 THE FIRE BRINGERS implicated? These and many kindred questions flew from lip to lip, and, early as it was, a threatening crowd soon began to gather in front of the Evening Live Wire Building — a crowd which was addressed and mollified, and finally induced to disperse, by Coun- cilman Corrigan of the "Fighting Fifth." Gordon came to town in his car at half-past eight, taking the dust, the latter part of the way, from Mr. Vancourt Henniker's twin-six sedan. Without being definitely alarmed, the ironmaster was not a little con- cerned over Corydel's mysterious disappearance during the half-hour which had elapsed between the taking of the Normans to the train in Gordonia and the re- turn of the Deer Trace automobile to its place in the home garage. Quite naturally, the disappearance had not been dis- covered until morning. Since the porch and the living- rooms were untenanted when they came home, the Gordons took it for granted that their house guest had gone to bed. It was not until he failed to put in an appearance at the breakfast-table, and Gordon had gone up-stairs to call him, that the fact came out The bed in the blue guest-room had not been slept in, and there was nothing to indicate that the room had been occupied since Corydel had dressed for dinner the pre- vious evening. Of the two, Mrs. Ardea had been most concerned over the small mystery. Gordon had immediately con- cluded that Corydel had gone to the city, though why he should go in evening clothes and without leaving so much as a written line to tell where he had gone, re- mained unexplained and blankly unexplainable. Then, too, there was the question of transportation. With his car still standing in the Deer Trace garage, and no trains available after the one in which the Nor- Digitized by Google EPISODIC *37 mans had returned, how had he contrived to get to town? Gordon was giving these curious questions due place as he drove along in the wake of the Heimiker sedan. None the less, he fully expected to find the missing one at the Marlboro. Inasmuch as the morning paper had not yet reached Deer Trace when he left, the young ironmaster was a little surprised to find the hotel lobby news-stand besieged by an eager throng of late breakfasters. For the moment he had lost sight of the powder train which Corydel had laid in the Tribune office, and he was wondering vaguely what the excitement was all about as he crossed the lobby to the clerk's desk. "No; Mr. Corydel isn't here — hasn't been here," was the answer to his query. "Isn't he stopping with you over in Paradise Valley?" "He is," said Gordon, and, without more ado, hur- ried back to his car. The mystery was thickening — rather disconcertingly. Two minutes later he was pulling up at the curb in front of the Cupola Club. In the club lobby there was another gathering of excited Tribune readers; but no- body had seen Mr. Frederic Corydel. Was the desk man quite sure that Mr. Corydel had not come in after midnight to occupy one of the sleeping apart- ments? The answer was quite definite; none of the guest rooms had been occupied during the night Gordon was leaving the club, with the mystery be- ginning to assume disturbing proportions, when he met Dandridge. "How is the treasurer this fine morning?" grinned the big-bodied president of the Stove Works. "Seen the Tribune? 9 Digitized by Google 138 THE FIRE BRINGERS Gordon shook his head. "Not yet; I've been too busy." Dandridge drew a copy from his pocket and held it so that the ironmaster could read the headlines. "Hot stuff, isn't it?" he chuckled. "That young millionaire friend of yours carries his little hatchet right along with him, I'll say. But I don't know about the advisability of stirring up the animals this way, Gordon. It's raising the wildest sort of a hooraw all over towa Shotwell was just telling me that they were threatening to mob the Live Wire office a few minutes ago. Corydel is responsible for all this blowing of the hewgag and beating of the tom-tom, I suppose?" "I was with him," said Gordon, willing to take his share of whatever blame might attach to the bizarre publicity scheme. "By the way, have you seen him this morning?" "Who— Corydel? No; I thought you had him with you out at the ancestral home." "We did, up to between ten and eleven o'clock last night We — Mrs. Gordon and I — went to the station with Fred Norman and his wife, and when we came back, Corydel had dropped out We supposed he had gone to his room and to bed, and we didn't miss him until this morning. Naturally, I took it for granted that he had come to town." "Has he a car of his own?" "Yes; he bought one day before yesterday. But he didn't take his car; it's still in the Deer Trace garafc." The stove maker was frowning thoughtfully. "Looks a little queer, doesn't it?" he said. "It looks decidedly queer," Gordon agreed. "If he didn't come to town, where else could he Pro?" / Digitized by Google EPISODIC 139 'I've asked myself that question until I've worn it out. There is only one other possible place that I can think of. We were over at Beechford in the after- noon, waiting to see Rathburn come in with his work army. Something delayed the boat, so we didn't see the show; but after we had crossed the mountain coming home we heard the Belle's whistle. It's just possible that Corydel took a sudden notion to go back to Mussel Bar last night; but why under heaven he should go afoot when he might have driven his car is beyond me." Dandridge smiled grimly and shook his head. "It's seven miles from your place over to the Bar if it's a foot, Tom Jeff. If I were you, I shouldn't spread a story like that There'll be plenty of people to call Corydel crazy, as it is, without adding any frills." Gordon found this hint of Dandridge's vaguely dis- quieting, but he postponed further search for the miss- ing one until he reached his own offices in the Coosa Building. Once at his desk, however, he lost no time in telephoning. Happily, the Beechford long-distance wires were once more in commission, and the answer to Gordon's call came in a clipped, "All right — shoot," from Rath- burn, chief of construction. "Gordon speaking," said the ironmaster. "Glad to know you're on the job. What are you doing up at the manor house?" "Came up to ask the telephone people to cut in the camp wire. Your call rang just as I got here. Want to talk to the colond?" "No; you'll do. Is Mr. Corydel with you?" "Not at the camp. I haven't seen him since I left your town office yesterday. What's the matter — lost him?" Digitized by Google 140 THE FIRE BRINGERS "It seems so. What time did you get in last eve- ning?" "Just at dusk. Scammon, the pilot of the Belle, ran us high and dry on Allen's Bar. I believe it will bear looking into. He was neither asleep nor drunk, and he knows the river well enough." "All right; we'll look into it. Is Colonel Pcttus within call?" "No; he is down at the dam." } "Listen, Murdoch: how is he taking it?" "Like a man in a dream; wanders around shaking his head and, talking to himself. Said to me a little while ago, 'Murdoch, you'll never do it; never in this wide world.' What's struck him? Or is that a state secret?" "I'll tell you more about it when I see you," Gordon evaded. iThen: "You're sure Corydel isn't over there anywhere?" "No; I'm merely saying I haven't seen him. Shall I send for the colonel?" "Don't trouble to do that. But I'd like to sjieak to Miss Marion, if you can get her." There was only a brief delay before a much more musical voice than Rathburn's began to record itself m the receiver. "Is that you, Tom Jeff?" "Yes; I wanted to ask how your father is feeling this morning." "He is dazed ; perfectly dazed. After you went away yesterday I told him what had been decided upon in the directors' meeting, and he couldn't seem to take it in at all. Then the Belle came in, and he had to be- lieve that it wasn't just talk. But he still doesn't be- lieve that you're going to succeed. He has been vibrat- ing between the camp and the telephone all morning. It Digitized by Google EPISODIC 141 hasn't done a bit of good to ring people up; everybody is 'busy' or 'out' or 'not down yet.' What is the matter N with all South Tredegar, that it can't answer the 'phone r "Wait until you get your morning Tribune," laughed Gordon. Then: "Did Corydel go hack to Beechford last night?' "Mr. Corydel? Why, no! Wasn't he with you at Deer Trace? What has happened?" Gordon was constrained to tell the truth. "I don't know: He disappeared while we were taking the Normans to the eleven-o'clock train. I've beep hoping he'd gone bade to you — or to Mussel Bar." There wa$ a pause, broken by the long-distance operator trying to cut in; broken further by Gordon's demand for more time. Then the voice from the Beechford end of the line came again. "You are keeping something back. What could have happened?" "I've guessed all the guesses." He tried to say it lightly. "Then 111 try," came the instant response. "Mr. Coiydel told me a little yesterday; not much, but enough to make me understand that he wasn't going to be allowed to go on without — without opposition. You ask Mr. Henniker what has been done, and don't stop asking until he tells you." "Why should I ask Henniker? What do you know?" "Nothing; and I couldn't tell it over the wire if I did. But I'm— Tom Jeff, I'm frightened! I—-" This time the impatient operator on the long-distance switchboard broke the connection without warning, and Gordon was obliged to turn in a second call. But before he could get the wire again he changed his mind and pressed one of die bell-pushes on his desk edge. Digitized by Google 142 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Has Mr. Norman come in yet?" he asked of the office boy who answered the bell. "Yessir ; he wit' de bookkeeper." "Tell him I want to see him," was the order given; aiid a moment later Norman reported. "Fred, what do you think of your name-twin — the other Fred?" Gordon asked abruptly. "The finest ever !" said the young sales manager heartily. "If I hadn't met him, perhaps I might be jumping to conclusions about his sanity — like every- body else in this charming little city of ours this morn- ing. But as it is, I know he's all there, with the brains and all the rest of it." "They are calling him a crank, are they?" said the ironmaster. "They are safe enough; he isn't here to deny it." "How is that?" queried Norman. "It's a fact. He disappeared from Deer Trace last night while we were driving you to the train." "Disappeared!" "That is the word." "But how? Where has he gone?" "If I knew I wouldn't have sent for you. I want you to help me find out." Norman turned to a window and for a long minute appeared to be admiring the gilded dome of the Tribune Building three squares distant. In a crowd the sales manager would have passed for a successful tailor's block, and he dressed the part to the latest clamorous colors in neckwear. But so far from being purely ornamental, he was in reality Gordon's right hand, shrewdly practical, and with wits as keen as the edge of the sacred sword of Japan. When he turned back to the desk his sentences came like shots from a rapid- fire gun. Digitized by Google EPISODIC 143 "Did Mr. Corydel have any reason for going away ?" "None that I know of. On the other hand, he had plenty of reasons for staying." "What are some of them?" "As you must know, if you've read the morning paper, he has just invested a pot of money in Mussel Bar, and has pulled a lot of his sporting friends into it, as well. He is behind the push which has started the work up again, and until it gains a little more momentum it won't go on without him. He is as neces- sary as the water in the river, and he knows it." Norman was fingering his keys in his pocket and pursing his lips to a soundless whistle. "He was over at Beechford yesterday afternoon: anything happen over there to make him think that maybe he'd got aboard the train without his ticket?" Gordon smiled. "The Hernshaw handicap in the sentimental sweepstakes, you mean? It's pretty new for anything of that sort to crop up, yet, isn't it?" The newly married chief of the sales force shook his head. "Not if I sized him up right last night," he denied. "He's been around and has seen all the women in the world, but there is only one Miss Marion, and he has discovered the fact." "How do you know that?" "How do I know? Gosh all Friday! haven't I just been through the mill myself? I know the symptoms better than I do the pipe catalogue — and that's going some," "Taking your guess at its face value, that is another good reason why he shouldn't disappear." "File Number One," said Norman. "We'll lay that aside for the moment and take up File Number Two. First item : Query — Did' he disappear of his Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS awn accord, or did somebody help him to disappear? Who would be anxious to get rid of him ? Hernshaw, first, and after Hernshaw, Corydel senior, and after him — who comes next? "Henniker, for one." "Anybody else?" Norman persisted. "I don't know. It is a fair assumption that he made an out-and-out enemy of Simon Thorpe yesterday." "Now we are getting down to the marrow in the bone. For a working guess, we'll assume that Mr. Corydel didn't run away last night of his own accord. Can we do that?" "Easily, if we take Thorpe in on it I wouldn't put anything beyond him. But that leads to the impossi- ble, Fred. You can't kidnap a grown man nowadays, and hope to get by with it." "Can't, eh ?" said Norman, jingling his keys again ; "I'm going upon the assumption that you can — and do, when it becomes necessary. Put somebody on my desk while I take a walk around the Mock. When I come back I'll know more; or a whole lot less. And— if I may hand in a bit of advice free, gratis, and for nothing — don't tell anybody that Mr. Corydel has turned up missing. The bears'Il use it on the market as sure as big fish eat little ones." Norman's block must have been a very ancient Baby- lon for extent, since he did not return until the middle of the afternoon. "Wdl ?" said Gordon anxiously. He had missed his noon meal for the sake of keeping within easy reach if Norman should telephone. The young sales manager dropped wearily into the nearest chair. "Ever have anything to do with the justice shop6?" he asked morosely. Digitized by Google EPISODIC 145 "No." "I never have, until to-day. But I've made the round of all of 'em since I left you. They're fierce — that's the only word for 'em." "What started you in that direction?" "I had a reason, and I believe it has panned out. Thorpe's Live Wire employees hate him for a dirty mean tyrant — whi&i he undoubtedly is — and I was able to get a pointer from one of them. The hint took me to every justice-of-the-peace shop in town, bfct I landed the big fact at last. Late in the afternoon, yesterday, Thorpe swore out an arrest-and-detention War rant, in Hermikev^s name, for one John Doe, an escaped lunatic, and tobk two constables with him to serve it" Gordon was plainly incredulous. "Heavens, Fred!" he exclaimed. "I can't believe any such thing as that would point to!" Norman drew a folded newspaper from his potket — the city edition of the Evening Live Wire — and tossed it across to Gordon's desk. "I knew you'd say that. Turn to the editorials, and then tell me that I'm a frantic ass, if you feel like it" Gordon opened the paper and read. It was all there. First, and as a matter of news, the story of young Corydel's appearance in South Tredegar, with a minute account of his erratic doings up to and including his plunge into the Mussel Bar affair. Then came a burst of Homeric laughter, directed at the townsfolk, the Tribune, and the Mussel Bar directory for taking the ravings of a madman seriously. And, lastly, the clinch- ing of the nail that bound all fast and sure; under tele- graphic instructions from his family, the young man had been apprehended, and was now on his way to a Northern sanitarium. Digitized by Google 146 THE FIRE BRINGERS Gordon ran through the Live Wire editorial twice before the fell completeness of the enemy's counter stroke fully defined itself. It was Norman's "Well, you believe it now, don't you?" that shocked him into action. "See here, Fred," he broke out, "we can't take such a thing as this lying down. Corydel has been kidnapped. I've been more than half suspecting it, all along. It's a piece of strong-arm work, pure and simple. You say the arrest-and-detention warrant was sworn out in Henniker's name: are you sure of that?" "I saw the record." "How does Henniker figure in it?" Norman shook his head. "I don't know; I thought maybe you might be able to explain that part of it." "Perhaps I can — a bit later. But something else comes first. How near dead are you?" "I'm worth any ten dead men you ever heard of; just a trifle leg-weary from the justice-shop tour. Why?" Gordon was looking at his watch. "There must be a iot of swift hustling done, Fred, and it is up to us to do it This thing is a master stroke, in its way. I didn't believe Thorpe had it in him. If we can't hit back with a knock-out Mow in to-morrow morning's Tribune, we're done for. How many members of the Mussel Bar board are you ac- quainted with, personally?" "I guess I know all of 'em, don't I?" "Good: cut out Jenkins and Elton and Henniker, and don't take time to eat or sleep until you have seen all the others and have told them from me .that this thing" — banging his fist^upon the offending editorial — "is a lie from start to finish!" "But the worst part of it isn't a lie," protested the Digitized by Google EPISODIC 147 sales manager. "Corydei's gone, isn't he? And that clinches the whole story, for the ordinary man in the street/' "Never mind about that; you take your orders and carry them out. The entire blow-up is based upon the assertion that Corydel is crazy ; and that is a lie out of whole cloth. Keep that point in mind as you go; and, say, Fred — if you can just imagine that you are trying to sell each man of the bunch a hundred-thousand-dollar bill of water pipe, you'll know why I'm sending you instead of trying to pump the antitoxin into them by 'phone. Don't let up until the last one of them 19 con- vinced." "Call it done. Then what?" "Then you must go and camp down with Wheelock. Give him all the facts and all the assumptions, and tell him to make such use of them as he sees fit ; he'll know how to do that. The one thing that you must rub into him is that he isn't to take backwater — not a single inch. Tell him I'll keep within reach of a wire, and will try to let him hear from me before the paper goes to press." "That means? " said Norman, reaching for his hat Gordon was afoot and was slamming down the cover of his desk. "It means that I'm going to find Corydel and get him back here before the poison has time to spread, if I can. Rush your part of it, Fred — skip over to the club garage and get my car. It'll pay for itself in time saved, and time is what counts, now." Digitized by Google XIII CLEAN SPORT To the unimaginative mind there are doubtless reflec- tions more enviable than those which would arise upon finding one's self suddenly snatched away from the comforts of a hospitable country house where one's status was that of an honored guest, bound, gagged — temporarily, at least — and hoisted into an automobile between a pair of pinioning kidnappers, while a third sent the car jouncing and lurching with many a rattling protest over a rutted country road. Fortunately, however, Frederic Corydel's attitude to- ward life was not that of the unimaginative. Ad- ventures with the true fillip of mysterious peril to spice them had been all too infrequent in what he was pleased to call a rather boresome existence. That he should ever be stirringly kidnapped was an experience he had never hoped to attain; and when the stifling lap-robe gag was removed he was ready to cope gaily with what- ever hazard the abduction might entail. At first, the hazards, if there were any, seemed to have culminated in the brief struggle at the Deer Trace gates. Quite methodically and dispassionately his two keepers unwound the rope trussings, holding him cautiously meanwhile. That done, there was a tinkle of steel links, a dick, and he found himself hand- cuffed to the man on his right "Now, all ye have to do is to keep quiet, and ye'U ride toler'ble easy," said the other half-owner of the Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT 149 pair of handcuffs soothingly. "But don't pull no more o' that rough stuff. Ye'll only get mussed up if ye do." As weill as he could in the dark, Corydel inventoried his two keepers, but beyond the fact that the onb on his right was tall and raw-boned, and the other short and heavy-set, the appraisal paused. After some little interval of such silence as the rattling protests of the hard-driven car permitted, Corydel concluded he might be missing some of the thrills by keeping too still. "Fine night for a drive," he remarked; and the tall man rose promptly to the bait. "Fine and dandy : if a felluh on'y had somethin' to smoke " "Right you are," chirped the cheerful prisoner; "I knew something was lacking. Just reach over and feel in the inside pocket of my coat — no, the other side; that's it" — as the investigating hand drew forth a cigar case. "Help yourself and pass 'em around." The man took a cigar, lighted it, and passed the case to his partner. When it came back, the tall man was visibly thawed. "Might as well light one for yourself," he said, re- turning the case to its owner; but Corydel declined. "I keep the cigars for my friends," he explained. "But I'll burn a cigarette, if you don't mind," and he found and lighted one. In the act he waved the lighted match toward the figure humped over the steering wheel in the seat ahead. "How about your other partner?" he suggested. "Naw !" grunted the tall man, as one who would not cast pearls before swine; "he's nothin' but the nigger taxi-shover." For some added miles Corydel made no further ad- vances. Though there was no moon, and the outlook Digitized by Google ISO THE FIRE BRINGERS ahead was through a dingy wind-shield, the wavering car lights gave glimpses of backward-flitting hills on either hand, with now and then a narrow, high-lying farm field to right or left But mostly the road led through woods ; pines, with their black shadowings to swing wide in the glare of the onrushing headlights, and the hardwoods just now burgeoning in tender leaf. From his slight knowledge of the topographies gained in driving over Gilboa, Corydel argued that the rough road must be the one which paralleled the course of the railroad from Gordonia to the southwest; and this guess was confirmed a few minutes later when the o(r was driven recklessly over a second railroad cross- ing with no slackening of the speed. The direction of the flight thus determined, the ques- tion of motives came up. Here conjecture immediately shook hands with convincement. In the Mussel Bar affair he had advertised himself, with no small blow- ing of trumpets, as the antagonist of Universal Elec- tric ; wherefore Universal Electric, through one of its many outreachings, was proceeding to remove him. Just what form the removal was going to assume was a matter which still lay in the lap of the unknown ; but the idler waited upon the event in a state of mind in which apprehension was signally lacking. It was an adventure, and as such it was to be taken at its face value and prized accordingly. For a scurrying half -hour, as Corydel estimated the time, the rough-riding car was hurled along at its best speed over the unfamiliar road, up hill and down, cross- ing and recrossing a small stream, sometimes on rude bridges, but oftener splashing through shallow fords. It was at a cross-road in the wooded hill country that it was finally brought to a stand, the tonneau door was Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT opened on the tall man's side, and Corydel was in- vited, by a tug at the manacles, to get out. Once on the ground, his two guards led him aside to give the car-driver room in which to turn around. The turn was quickly made, there was a rasping of gears, and the noisy machine disappeared in the night, leaving Corydel and his two captors standing by the roadside. "Well," said the adventurer mildly, "we seem to be here, wherever that is. What is the next number on the program?" The tall man answered with a drawling inquiry. . "Say, young felluh — how much bug-house are you, * anyhow?" Corydel laughed. "Oh, I suppose I'm about as crazy as the average." "Huh I hain't killed nobody, have ye?" "No, not yet. I haven't had any occasion to." "Ump! they said you was tolerable dangerous, but you sure don't look thataway to me." Then to his reti- cent partner: "What say, Jim, if we take these 'come- alongs' off him? I ain't so pizen proud o' my half of em. At this the short man spoke up. "Reckon ye'll have sense enough not to try to run away if we turn ye loose?" he rasped. "That's easy," Corydel replied. "I shouldn't know which way to run." "Sure ye wouldn't," said the tall one, fitting his key to the lode of the handcuffs. "No use in makin' a foe- ruction when there ain't no need of it. We're officers o' the law, and all you got to do is to be sort o' meachin', and not have none o' them crazy spells and try to kill somebody." "Ill bear that in mind," Corydel promised amiably. Digitized by Google 152 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Am I in the habit of taking spells of killing people?" ''That's what the judge allowed." Then, as upon second thought: "Of course, you don't know you're bug-house — none of em do." Corydel laughed again. "But, you see, I have al- ready admitted that I am as crazy as most people. Where do we go from here?" "Up the road a piece: come along." The new advance was up the cross-road. Corydel walked between, his two captors, but they did not lay hands upon him. He was still enjoying the adventure for the sheer rawness of it; was almost tempted to let it go on to whatever absurd conclusion might lie at the end of it. Ordinarily, he assured himself, he would have done just that very thing, but now he regret- fully put the purely vagrant thought aside. There were Gordon and a host of others to \ft considered — to say nothing of leaving the sentimental field unde- fended and at the mercy of a man who shot his birds sitting. Clearly, he couldn't take time to follow the adventure to its climax, however uniquely attractive it was promising to be. The "piece" named by the taller of the two constables proved to be a short one. The cross-road led to a country way-station on the Great Southwestern; a mere hamlet with a few scattered houses — all dark at this time of night — a sawmill, a timber yard, a water tank, a single long side-track and a small station building with sheltering eaves and the lighted bay-win- dow of the telegraph office projecting upon the track platform. In the broad band of light streaming from the bay-window, Corydel was able to take the measure of his two keepers. As he had already assumed, they were not at all the hardened ruffians of a melodramatic kidnapping; they were merely the raw material out of Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT 153 which justice-court constables are too often made in benighted regions where the fee system of rewards and emoluments for county magistrates and officials still prevails. Upon reaching the station, die tall man went into the telegrapher's office, leaving his partner to guard the prisoner on the platform. "This is where we take the train?" Corydel asked pleasantly. "Yep," said the short maa "North or south?" The answering laugh was like the grating of a rusty door hinge. "Mem'ry's plum' gone back on ye, has it? Don't ricollect nothin' a-tall about the place ye run away from?" Corydel humorously followed the lead thus opened. "You wouldn't expect a crazy man to have a memory, would you? I don't even recall the name I went under in this place you speak of." / The grating laugh came again. "You hain't got any the best of us. Reckon your folks didn't want the name to get in the papers. War- rant reads 'John D° e -' " "So you really have a warrant, have you?" "Sure. It's all straight and legal." "And what does this warrant require you to do?" "Take you back where you come from: to the crazy-house in California; sanitarium, they call it — at Monty Verdy." Corydel drew a long breath. This was effacing the obstacle with a vengeance. Three days and nights of train-riding, and probably countless delays at the Pacific-Coast end of die journey before he could free himself from the absurd tangle. This wouldn't do at all. Digitized by Google 154 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Nice little trip," he returned, giving no outward sign of the disturbance set up by this casual announce- ment of the distant destination. "Who pays the shot?" "The court pays the fees, and I reckon your folks foot the bills for ejr-penses." Corydel's thoughts shuttled swiftly. It seemed grossly incredible that his father had lent his authority to the kidnappers. Yet this easy reference to his "folks" seemed to point that way. Besides, there was the wording of that curt message which had come in answer to his plea that Mussel Bar should be emanci- pated: "Take fingers out Mussel Bar sugar bowl and come home. If have lost mind will send doctor." "Might I ask who swore out the warrant for me?" he slipped in. "Sure. It was Mr. Henniker, of the Iron City National. Reckon he had power of attorney from your daddy 'r some o' your kin." Under cover of the darkness Corydel slid a hand cautiously to his hip pocket — and was gratefully re- assured. Quite often, in changing to evening clothes, he was neglectful of a bit of routine; the changing of pocket contents. But this time he hadn't been. ' "Have another cigar, Mr. " "Swiggert — Jim Swiggert," said the short man. "Don't care if I do," and he helped himself from the extended cigar case. "Mighty good smokes you tote around with you, Mister John Doe." "Thank you," said Corydel half absently. The charm of the adventure had vanished and he was cast- ing about feverishly for some means of escape. Any moment the rattle and roar of the southward-bound train might crash Into the midnight stillness, and once on the train, in charge of two men who could not only show ample legal authority for holding him, but who Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT 155 could instantly seal up all the fountains of sympathy in his fellow travelers by uttering the single word, "crazy," he would be done for. It was at the crucial instant when he was medi- tating the probable effect of a quick punch to Mr. James Swiggert's square-set jaw, to be followed by a wild dash for freedom, that the diversion came. A door slammed and the tall man strolled out upon the plat- form. "Just our cussed luck, Jim," he growled. "Five's two hours late; she hain't got into South Tredegar yet Ain't that hell?" The hellish part of it, as Corydel was presently given to understand, was the necessity for waiting two hours longer in the chill of the April night. True, there was a fireless waiting-room in the tiny station building, but the disgruntled ones chose to sit on the edge of the platform, with their prisoner between them. Again Corydel produced his cigar case. "Rather hard on you fellows," he commented. "Did your court order require you to take the train at this out-of-the-way place? Or was that only your own idea?" "Huh!" said the tall man; "it was the boss's idea." "Your boss, or mine?" "He's ever'body's boss in South Tredegar — when he wants anything done. Reckon he thought there might be a fo*-ruction o' some sort if we'd carried you to the big station in town." "But Gordonia was nearer." "Five don't stop at Gordonia." "And it does stop here?" "Has to; it's the reg'lar meet-point with Six." Corydel locked his fingers over one knee. He was gradually accumulating data; facts which the well- Digitized by Google 156 THE FIRE BRINGERS padded hip pocket might presently enable him to use. "This Number Six," he said warily; "is it late too?" "A little. She'll be here in twenty minutes 'r so." He saw that he had no time to lose. In all prob- ability this north-bound night train would offer the only chance of returning to Gordonia, or South Trede- gar, before some time the next day. With the need for haste urging him, he went directly to the point. "Listen, both of you/' he began soberly. "You've been with me for an hour or more : do you really be- lieve I'm crazy?" Silence for a moment, and then the tall man spoke up. "You don't act much like it. But your clothes sort o* give you away." "Evening dress," said Corydel shortly. "I'd been dining at the Gordons'. You know Mr. Tom Jeff Gordon, don't you ?" "Reckon ever'body in South Tredegar knows him," Swiggert admitted. "Well, he is my friend; I've been visiting him in his home. He has known me for years, and I'll leave it to you, as men of good common sense, to say if it's likely that he would have been entertaining a crazy man." "What-all are you aimin' at?" It was Bagby, the taller of the two, who wanted to know. "Just this," Corydel went on rapidly. "I'm trying to convince you that there is really no legal point in- volved — no question of right and wrong under the law. Let me tell you what will happen: you'll take me to California, and there you'll find that a mistake of some kind has been wade. If you've been given the real name of a town with a real sanitarium in it, Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT you'H find that I'm not known there, and not wanted." "I reckon you ain't doin' no good," said the one who answered to the name of Swiggert. "Judge said like as not you'd talk as if you had all the money the' is in the round worl'." For a moment Corydel struggled in the grasp of a great temptation. This mention of money suggested the well-padded hip pocket. Doubtless these two men could be bribed. It was a chance to outflank the enemy in the enemy's own chosen field, and the tempter was whispering that he would be a fool if he shouldn't take it. Then the blood of the true sportsman reas- serted itself handsomely. If he couldn't win the game without buying the hired players on the other side, he would at least lose like an honest amateur. "All right," he said shortly; "if you won't believe what I say, I suppose that ends it But I'll give you fair warning: I'll do you up if I can." "Sure you will," returned the tall man, chuckling good-naturedly. "On'y, when you begin it we'll have to put the 'come-alongs' onto you ag'in, and they won't look good alongside o' that spike-tailed coat o' your'n." After this there was another interval of silence dur- ing which Corydel was thoughtfully measuring his chances. Among his sporting accomplishments he was able to number a fair knowledge of boxing, but unless he could maneuver himself out of the awkward sitting position between his two keepers he was at a hopeless disadvantage. Meanwhile, time was flying, and the delayed north-bound train, which was about to offer the only available opportunity for an escape in the right direction, could not now be more than a few miles dis- tant. It was the big-boned guasd sitting on his right who finally opened the door of possibilities. Digitized by Google 158 THE FIRE BRINGERS "I reckon we'd better be gettin' up ofPn this plat- form," he grunted, setting the example himself, "That there train'U be whoopin' along here right soon and cuttin' our laigs off." CorydeTs resolve was taken on the spur of the moment. On the other side of the single side-track the hill forest came down to within a few feet of the right-of-way, with a thick groving of young pines for its outpost. Once in the shelter of the pines, Corydel thought he might easily dodge pursuit for the few min- utes which must elapse before the train should come in. After that, a bit of quick footwork ought to en- able him to board the train unseen. With an eye to the leap to be made and the distance to be covered, it was an easy boxer's trick to gain the advantage of position at the moment of uprising. Two vigorous punches, a right hook to the tall man's jaw, and a left body blow for the stockier one, created the needful diversion, and Corydel sprang from the plat- form, dashed across the tracks in the broad swath of light streaming from the station bay-window, and ducked to cover in the young pines. As he crouched, a pistol barked and he heard the whipping flight of a bullet ripping through the branches over his head — proof eloquent of the temper of at least one of his kid- nappers; proof, also, that he hadn't hit hard enough. And before he had run a dozen yards the quick pad pad of footfalls behind him gave notice that there was emphatically more to follow. Meaning to run in a circle which would bring him bade to the vicinity of the station in time to catch the overdue train, the pinch hitter for Mussel Bar Power & Light soon found that he had asked too much of his sense of direction. Before he had run a hundred yards he was properly lost, and was much too busy Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT 159 trying to keep ahead of his pursuers to concentrate upon any nicely calculated plan of course-laying. Run thus blindly, the chase led by dodging zigzags back to the main road and across it ; and when Corydel finally heard the roar and rattle of the incoming train, he was well up in the mountain forest beyond the road, still climbing, and still able to hear the noise made by his two trailers thrashing their way through the under- growth when he took time to listen. Scrambling and running and stumbling over tree roots and half-buried boulders in the darkness, he presently found his way barred by a deep gulch cut- ting back into the mountain; a ravine so precipitous at the point of approach that he was afraid to try to cross it, being persuaded that the care he would have to exercise in descending would give the two men time to come up with him. As between turning down to- ward the valley or climbing higher, he chose the latter course, treading softly and drawing himself up from tree to jutting boulder, and from boulder to tree, making as little stir as possible, and hoping that the pursuing beagles, when they should reach the gulch, would be at fault This maneuver was completely successful After half an hour or so of stiff climbing he stopped to listen. The forest was silent. So far as the two kidnappers were concerned the affair was apparently concluded. But now a fresh difficulty confronted the fugitive. In the headlong flight he had thoroughly and painstaking- ly lost himself. It was an evenly matched guess as to whether Gordonia and South Tredegar lay to the right or the left, and a still less answerable question as to what the distance might be to either. Corydel struck a match and looked at his watch. It was twenty-five minutes past one in the morning of a Digitized by Google i6o THE FIRE BRINGERS new day. Looking ahead, through an opening between the trees he thought he could distinguish the skyline marking the summit of the mountain ; and with no very purposeful prompting, save that dawn and the higher outlook might give him some better idea of the topog- raphies, he resumed the climb. It was only a bit of good luck that enabled him to ac- complish this last lap in the night's Marathoa Groping his way up the talus steeps in the darkness, he found himself at the base of a line of perpendicular cliffs of sandstone, along the foot of which he stumbled and searched for a long time before he found a water- worn crevice up which he could work his way to the top. Thoroughly tired out when the cliff scaling was accomplished, he flung himself down on the level cliff summit with his back to a tree to wait for the coming sunrise; and when next he opened his eyes the sun was well up toward its meridian, and a lean, sallow- faced, drab-featured man in faded overalls and a worn gray sweater was standing over him. Quite naturally, with recollections of the night of strenuous hazards crowding tumultuously upon him, the bedazzled sleeper leaped to his feet and made a wild pass at the intruder. But the lank person merely stepped aside to dodge the blow and made ready to whittle a chew of tobacco from a pocket-worn twist. "Chk!" he chuckled ; "cur'ous whut dash-bingled things'll jump up in th' woods when a feller ain't got no gun." Corydel shook himself awake and laughed. "Pardon me," he said; "I guess I must have been having a bad dream." Then, with a blinking stare at his watch: "If you'll oblige me: what time of day is it? My watch seems to have run down." Digitized by Google CLEAN SPORT 161 "'Bout five hours by sun," returned the lean man imperturbably, adding, "Who-all tored the chunks out o* you-uns' coat-tails?" Corydel looked ruefully down at the dress coat show- ing the effects of the mad extravaganza of the night in wrinklings and mud stains. "It isn't torn; it was built that way. But it does look a bit worse for the wear, I'll admit. How far is it to town?" "Which town air ye aimin' fr to git to?" "Gordonia, for choice; though any town would be better than none." "Chk! — Gordonia's ten mile 'r more. How 'd ye git here?" "Rode some, and walked the rest of the way." "Well, Til be daw-gone! Say, stranger — air ye cz crazy ez ye look? Whar's yer hat?" "Why raise the question of hats?" Corydel grinned. Then he found his pocket-bode and fished out a ten-dollar banknote. "Money talks," he remarked. "Fm not quite so crazy as I may look, Mr. — er " "Name's Bill Layne— er jest Bill, fr short" "Thank you. Now Mr. Bill Layne, if you'll take this handsomely engraved picture of Mr. Andrew Jack- son of pioneer memory and let it whisper to you that I am as hungry as a small and quite famished yellow dog, and let it add that there will be another to keep it company if you can feed me and contrive to find some sort of conveyance to take me to Gordonia " The mountaineer took the money and buried it deeply in a pocket of the worn sweater. "Ef the neighbors 've been right good, I reckon the old 'ooman kin wrastle ye up some bacon an' corn pone; an' mebbe I kin borray Tink Martin's hawss — Digitized by Google 162 THE FIRE BRINGERS ef he ain't usin' hit to plow some," he drawled "Who- all air ye aimin' f r to see in Gordonig,?" "Mr. Gordon, of the Iron Works. He is my friend, and I am stopping at his house — Deer Trace." Slowly and with evident reluctance the man drew the crumpled bank-note from his pocket and handed it back to its donor. "Reckon I cain't take no money fr'm a friend o' Tom JefFs," he said in sorrowful explanation. "Come awn, an' we'll go see whut-all th' neighbors has brung in f'r the old 'ooman's skillet. 'Tain't more'n two sights an' a horn-Wow from yere." Digitized by Google XIV IN THE OPEN Having sent Norman out to inject fresh courage into the other members of the Mussel Bar board, Gordon told his stenographer he was leaving for the day. But on his way through the outer offices of the Iron Works he was held for a few minutes by Farwell, Norman's understudy in the sales department; and it was in Norman's suite that the stenographer, who knew that he had not yet left the building, overtook him. "Miss Pettus is in your office," was the message Miss Durbin brought ; and Gordon cut FarweM's in- quiry short and went back to his own room. One glance at the face of the young woman who turned from the window to greet him was sufficient assurance that she had seen a copy of the Evening Live Wire. "Isn't this simply pitiful, Tom Jeff!" she began. "I don't know when I've been so shocked and horri- fied." "Sit down a minute," said Gordon ; "I want to talk to you." And when she had taken the chair he drew up for her : "Let's start fair if we can, Marion. Do you bdieve this story that Thorpe has published?" "In don't want to believe it, of course; but what else is there to do? Surely, even the Live Wire wouldn't publish anything like that if it wasn't true. And yet, if Mr. Corydel is insane, I shall never be able to believe in anybody's sanity." Gordon frowned. "Forget it!" he said; "Corydel 163 Digitized by Google 164 THE FIRE BRINGERS isn't any more insane than you are. This is a kid- napping — for purely business purposes ; a shrewd move on somebody's part to discredit his attempt to put new life into Mussel Bar. I am as certain of it as if I knew all the details." "But, Tom Jeff! — who would do such a dreadful thing as that?" "Primarily, of course, it is Universal Electric I don't say that Big Money would authorize any such criminal thing in so many words. Most likely it wouldn't. Most likely it would hold up its hands in horror if such a thing were suggested. But it always has men in its employ who are ready and willing to take the king's nod and out-Herod Herod. That is what has happened here." "You suspect some one in South Tredegar?" "I can already name at least two. Yesterday after- noon Simon Thorpe procured a warrant for Corydd's arrest under the usual assumed name of ']ohn Doe/ and the record in Justice Low's office was marked, 'Don't publish.' But the warrant was sworn out in another man's name." "Who was the other man ?" "He is your father's banker — Mr. Vancourt Hen- niker." "Mr. Henniker!" "The same. I was just about to go across to the bank to ask the gentleman a few pointed questions when Miss Durbin told me you were here. What brought you over from Beechford?" "I drove Daddy over. He had been trying all day to make the telephone work — it was out of order again — and when he was finally able to get a town connec- tion, the first thing he heard was this dreadful news Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN 165 about Mr. Corydel. Naturally, after that, nothing would do but he must come to the city at once." "Where is he now?" "I left him in the bank, with Mr. Henniker and Mr. Hernshaw." Gordon's swing chair righted itself with a snap. "That reminds me," he said. "When we were talk- ing over the 'phone this morning, you told me to ask Henniker about CorydeTs disappearance, and to keep on asking him until he told me something. What made you do that?" "I don't know exactly ; perhaps I was a little excited. That was before we knew anything about the circum- stances, you must remember." "But you must have had some reason." "It wasn't really a reason. Mr. Hernshaw was at Beechford last evening, and I suppose now — though I didn't think anything about it when I was talking to you this morning — that he was trying to give us a friendly hint of what might be coming. He was telling us something about Mr. Corydel's wild pranks in col- lege." "I know a lot more about the pranks than Hernshaw does," Gordon put in. "But what had that to do with Henniker?" "Mr. Hernshaw said that Mr. Henniker was very much disturbed over Mr. Corydel's 'insane interference' — that is what he is calling it — in Mussel Bar matters, and he added that he had tried to smooth things over by telling Mr. Henniker how boyishly irresponsible Mr. Corydel was and is." "In other words, I suppose he told Henniker that Fred was crazy." "Oh, no," she denied calmly, "I don't imagine he said anything like that. You are prejudiced against Digitized by Google 166 THE FIRE BRINGERS Mr. Hernsljaw, Tom Jeff. Besides, it was Mr. Henni- ker who insisted that Fre — Mr. Corydel was out of his head; he said he had it on the best of authority. That is why I said what I did this morning, when you were telephoning. And it was all perfectly impulsive. It just came to me all at once that if Mr. Corydel was gone, Mr. Henniker might know something about it." "Henniker doubtless does know all about it," Gordon agreed milit^ntly. Then, with blunt directness that only his kinship with the Pettuses could excuse: "Do you think Fred Corydel is 'boyishly irresponsible," Marion?" The calm-eyed young woman had taken off one of her driving gloves and was straightening the fingers. "I am hoping he isn't," she returned; and if there were anything more than friendly sympathy in her tone, Gordon couldn't detect it Then: "What are you going to do about it, Cousin Tom Jeff?" "I mean to find Corydel, dead or alive, if I have to turn out every man in the Iron Works to hunt for him." • "Oh!" she said, with a little gasp; "it can't be any- thing like that !" "I don't know," Gordon returned gloomily. "Thorpe has men at his beck and call who would do anything he told them to. The arrest-and-detention warrant may have been merely a cloak, to put a legal face on the thing if there should happen to be any inconvenient witnesses. More than that, the warrant wasn't issued for Corydel ; it was for 'John Doe.' That looks mighty bad on the face of it; looks as if there were something to be covered up and hidden." Miss Pettus had left her chair and was preparing to go. The driving glove had been replaced and smoothed Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN on, with its wrist strap securely buckled, but she was still tugging nervously at it. "You must find him, Tom Jeff !" she burst out. "I — in a way, / am the responsible one. If I — if I hadn't behaved like a silly little fool and talked down to him about his — his idleness and lack of ambition, he would never have thought of going into Mussel Bar the way he has r Gordon's smile wasn't precisely grim, but it leaned that way. "You tried to reform him, did you? Well, the Lord knows, he needed it badly enough. If you've been able to jar him awake, you've done something that nobody else could do. Don't worry too much. I haven't the faintest idea that Thorpe's heelers, whoever they are, have found it necessary to murder Fred. It's more likely that they've hidden him out somewhere to keep him under lock and key until Mussel Bar can blow up again. Now run along and get your father out of the way. I want to have a shot at Mr. Vancourt Hen- niker myself." From one of the windows in his office Gordon could look down into the street running between the Coosa Building and the Iron City National on the opposite corner. Drawn up at the curb near the side door of the bank, he saw the Pettus automobile. Since it was long past banking hours, the side door would be the only means of ingress or egress. While he looked, he saw the colonel's daughter cross the street and enter the bank; and within the same half-minute she came out again, accompanied by her father and Hernshaw, and the three of them got into the car and drove away. This was Gordon's signal to go into action, and a few minutes later he was mak- ing his way past the clicking typewriters and adding Digitized by Google 168 THE FIRE BRINGERS machines in the bank to Mr. Henniker's private room at the front. The fat banker was just drawing down the curtain of his roll-top desk when the young ironmaster entered. "Ah, Gordon — broke in, did you?" he said in a heavy attempt at suave jocularity. "I see I shall have to put an armed guard on that side door. I hope your business isn't going to keep me long. I promised Mrs. Henniker I'd be out early to-day." Gordon drew up a chair without waiting to be in- vited and sat down. "If you will talk straight and act promptly, Mr. Henniker, you needn't be delayed very long/' he began brusquely. "First, I want a plain answer to a plain question : Why did you give Simon Thorpe authority, yesterday afternoon, to write your name into a warrant for the arrest and detention of Frederic Corydel?" As a matter of course, the plain answer wasn't forth* coming. Mr. Henniker's methods were always the methods of indirection. Without denying in so many words the straightforward accusation, he strove per- spiringly to give the impression that he had done nothing of the sort. Savagely Gordon pinned him down. "You are wasting time and words!" he broke in. "Thorpe, crooked as he is, would never have used your name if you hadn't agreed to its use. And you wouldn't have agreed to it unless you had something behind you to back you up. You are much too cautious to let Simon Thorpe, or anybody else, chase you into a blind alley. What I want to know — what I am going to know — is what authority you had, or as- sumed you had, for causing Mr. Corydel's arrest." Again the banker tried to hide behind a hastily Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN thrown up barrier of tergiversation, bursting out final- ly in a cornered man's sweating wrath. "I won't be bullied in my own office, Gordon — not by you or any other man ! Mr. Thorpe did use my name, and he did it advisedly. What has been done was done legally and upon proper authority. I'll have you to understand that, once for all !" "The authority is what I am waiting to see," Gordon returned, not too patiently. "Well, you can't see it. Fm not opening my private files to you." "This is one time when you break your rule, Hen- niker. If you don't show me your authority here and now, you'll show it a little later to a judge and jury/' "You can't take it into court ; you haven't a thing to goon!" It was just here that Gordon passed boldly over into the field of presumptions. It was a fair supposition that Henniker knew nothing of the details of the kid- napping ; wouldn't wish to know. "That is where you are taking a step in the dark!" he shot back. "You don't know what was done, or how it was done— or what we've got on you. We haven't been exactly sitting with folded hands all day to-day. Shall I go and place my facts in the hands of our attorneys?" It was only a bluff, but it won. With the pudgy fingers trembling, the banker opened his desk and rummaged in the pigeonholes. Out of one of them he drew a telegram. Carefully folding it so that only the final line and the signature appeared, he held it so that Gordon could see. "There is my authority !" he rasped. Gordon read the line and the name: Digitized by Google 170 THE FIRE BRINGERS "Choke him off. He's raving crazy. "Hiram Corytol." "Now, then; are you satisfied ?" was the thick- voiced demand. "I shall be better satisfied after you have let me read all of it," said Gordon calmly ; adding : "A judge and jury would hardly be satisfied if you should insist upon suppressing all but a single line of that telegram." Mr. Vancourt Henniker was a "pillar" in the fash- ionable church of St. Michael's-in-the-South, and he rarely permitted himself the luxury of a full-bodied oath. But now he swore explosively. "Read it, then!" he yelped, thrusting the telegram at his persecutor. Gordon unfolded the sheet and read. The message was two days old, and it bore the New York date line. "Yours thirteenth. You and Hernshaw seem have balled things damnably. What is your bank for if can't get busy and put kibosh on scheme of addleheaded tomfoolish boy? Choke him off. He's raving crazy. "Hiram Corydel." "So this is your 'authority/ is it?" said the iron- master raspingly, returning the message. "You took this very natural outburst of an angry father and made it an excuse to commit a crime. I've only one more thing to say to you, Henniker : you'll go to Judge Low at once — now, this afternoon — and kill that warrant. Tell him it was a mistake, or anything you please; you're good at dodging. That will be all for this time ; but if Corydel doesn't turn up safe and sound within the next twenty-four hours, you'll hear from us again." Fearful lest the Gordon temper — which was slow in the arousing but reckless of consequences when it was once in the saddle — should get the upper hand and Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN 171 make him say too much, the ironmaster left the bank. A glance at his watch as he reached the street showed him that he had scant time in which to catch the early commuters' train on the Great Southwestern; and when he dashed through the station gates three minutes later, the chair-car porter was picking up his box step in response to the conductor's final shout of "All aboard!" and the train was moving. But Gordon was not of those who run and lose; and when the train clanked out over the yard switches he was settling himself in the otherwise deserted smoking compartment of the chair-car, prepared to utilize every minute of the short run to Gordonia in planning for the man hunt It was half-past five when the train slowed into the station at the mouth of Paradise Valley, and the Iron Works whistle was blowing for the change from day to night shifts. Gordon had not yet decided upon a definite plan for the search when he swung from the car step and held up a beckoning finger to the young negro who drove Gordonia's one dilapidated hack auto- mobile. But he was determined to begin in some wise, the moment he should have broken his day-long fast. If nothing better offered, he would turn out the men of the Iron Works, with Helgerson's dogs for track- ers. The rattling hack set him down in due leisurely course at the Deer Trace gates; and he had tossed a coin to the driver, and was letting himself in at the footpath wicket, when he had the second breath-taking shock of the day. On the shaven lawn under the high- trimmed oaks, a young man, bareheaded and with his coat off, was playing a joyous game of tag with the two children — and the young man was Corydel! Most naturally, when the children had run to meet Digitized by Google 172 THE FIRE BRINGERS their father, and Corydel was struggling into his coat, there was an eager demand for explanations. But the tag player merely laughed and shook his head, saying, "Later on, if you like," and they all went into the house together. After trying in vain to catch Norman on the wire at some one of his numerous stopping places, Gordon was forced to possess his soul in patience until the early dinner was over and he had penned his guest into the smoking-den. Once there, however, he made short work of the preliminaries. "All South Tredegar is firmly believing at this moment that you are the craziest Bedlamite that ever did time in a padded cell, Fred," he began. "If you don't loosen up and tell me what happened to you last night " — "You'll begin to think there is some truth in what the Tredegarites say," grinned the returned adventurer, finishing the sentence for him. "That's all right; I didn't wish to scare the babies, or to make Mrs. Gordon nervous. I was kidnapped. Wouldn't that set your teeth on edge? Away out here in the twentieth civi- lized century, a grown man is torn from the bosom of his— er — family, and " "Cut out the embroidery, Fred, if you can. There has been the devil to pay in town to-day, and I've lost my sense of humor — if I ever had any." "It's a brief tale, soon told. I walked down to the gate last night after you drove to the station with the Normans, got myself promptly smothered in a lap- robe and corded into a mummy by a couple of hold-up men, and was chucked into an auto, with a man on each side of me to keep me from being lonesome, and a third to drive. After a pleasant little spin of an hour or more I was taken out of the car a short distance Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN 173 from a country railroad station. My two keepers walked me to the station, and the car went back to South Tredegar, or I suppose it did." "Who were the three men?" "The two who stayed with me were justice-court of- ficers — constables, as I learned after a bit. The third man wasn't in it; he was merely a negro taxi-driver. The two constables had a 'J 0 ^ Doe' warrant for me, or they said they had ; and it soon transpired that I was an escaped lunatic who was to be taken tjack to the California sanitarium from which I had run away." Gordon gave a low whistle. "California, eh? They were certainly going to make sure of taking you far enough away from Mussel Bar !" "Righto!" laughed the victim. "But, as you see, I didn't go." "Luckily for us," said Gordon gratefully. "What did you do- -buy yourself off?" "No. I was horribly tempted to try it ; but ever since I was a 'beaner' in prep, school I've been fighting for clean sport, and I couldn't do it. The train we were to take for the south was two hours late, and there was a north-bound due in a few minutes. I lent my two keepers a punch apiece and ran for it, meaning to circle around and catch the north-bound train when it came in. There was nothing doing. The two beggars headed me off and chased me up the mountain. When I finally lost 'em, I'd lost myself as well." "And after that?" "I kept on going until I came out on top of the moun- tain. Found a bed of pine needles under a big tree and sat down to wait for daylight. That was the last I knew until about noon, when I woke up to find a queer-looking individual named William Layne making an inventory of me. When I mentioned your name, Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS he fed me and then brought me down the mountain in a borrowed wagon drawn by a borrowed horse. Here endeth the first lesson." Gordon shook his head. "You haven't told it all. Those two fee-grabbers who carried you off didn't plan the thing." "You are as right as rain," Corydel replied cjuietly. "There was a fourth man present at the take-off — down here at your gate. He was the man who gagged me with the lap-robe. I didn't see him because he was be- hind me, and I was busy just then with the other two. But he gave himself away, just the same." "How?" "With his mouth. When it lookpd as if the other two might be going to foozle, he ripped out, 'Jump him, you blockheads !' I've got a pretty good memory for voices, Tom Jeff." "Thorpe?" queried Gordon. "Not on your life. It was the gentleman we found tinkering Iris auto — or seeming to — on the Gilboa road just after sunset — Corry Hernshaw." "Of course," said the ironmaster. Then: "Have you told Mrs. Gordon?" "Nothing more than that I was lost on the mountain. She thinks I wandered off last night and couldn't find my way back — which is near enough to the fact" Gordon rapped the ashes from his pipe and began to get out of his smoking jacket. "It will make the finish of a pretty strenuous day for you, Fred, but it's got to be done. Go and call Marion Pettus on the 'phone and tell her what you have told Mrs. Gordon — that you got lost and couldn't find the way back. She was in town this afternoon and was right much worried." Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN "Nothing very strenuous about that," laughed Cory- del. "Is that all?" "No; that is only a preliminary. I want you to drive me to town. Thorpe made two positive statements in his paper this afternoon that must be nailed up as lies cut out of the whole cloth. He says you are crazy, and that you are now on your way to an asylum. I want to prove immediately, and to as many people as possible, that neither statement is true." "O Lord! how you do work a fellow !" groaned the idler; but he went to the telephone to dispose of the preliminary. It was still reasonably early in the evening when Corydel parked his car in front of the Cupola Club, preparatory to showing himself, with Gordon, in the club lounging room. Since every one had read the Live Wire editorial, there was plenty of joking com- ment on Thorpe's "bad break," which was now promptly classed as a bit of yellow journalism by the very men who, a few hours earlier, had accepted and believed it without question. Naturally, none of this comment reached Corydel or Gordon openly. On the contrary, there seemed to be a sort of tacit agreement on the part of those present to make things hospitably pleasant for the handsome young fellow, who, besides being Gordon's guest as well as the guest of the club, might justly claim indemnity for the brutal falsehood printed in the evening paper. That it was a falsehood nobody could doubt. Gordon himself, sober-faced, cool and self-possessed, was certainly no saner than this cheer- ful young Croesus, who seemed not to have a care in life heavier than the making of the dam-building race a sporting success. As it began in the Cupola Club, so it continued,, a Digitized by Google 176 THE FIRE BRINGERS little later, in the lobby of the Marlboro; in the dub- room of the Merchants' and Manufacturers 9 Associa- tion; in the City Hall park, where the first band con- cert of the season was in progress ; and at an open session of the city council, where Corydel took pains to shake hands cordially with Mr. Simon Thorpe, and was daring enough to joke him pleasantly about the editorial. "You ought to promote the man who wrote that/' he insisted jocularly. "After the bullyragging the Tribune gave you this morning, there was clearly noth- ing for it but a smashing good sensation. Keep it up, Mr. Thorpe. It's ripping good advertising for us." Thorpe was never a man to dissimulate, save in politics; and his rejoinder was harshly profane. Whereupon Corydel's eyes lighted up with the joy of the , sportsman who has fired and not missed. "That is something like," he confided zestfully to Gordon, when they were once more in the car and heading for the Tribune office. "I never cared much for trap-shooting with clay pigeons ; I like to see the game flap its wings when it's hit." "You've had one taste of Thorpe's quality," Gordon cautioned, as Corydel steered fine against a down-rush- ing electric car on the Georgia Avenue grade. "He will try mighty hard to make sure of you the next time he takes a pot shot at you." "Piffle!" said the amateur, and the discussion was closed. Among the persons most deeply concerned, Jackson Wheelock was the last to be searched out and shocked into a congratulatory frenzy by the sudden appearance of the missing man. "By George, Mr. Corydel 1" he ejaculated, flinging the wooden-Indian pose to the winds and jumping up Digitized by Google IN THE OPEN 177 to wring the hand of the reappearing one fervently, "you're like a forgotten dollar found in the pocket of a cast-off pair of trousers ! I'm telling you they had me on the run until Norman came around this afternoon; and even then I couldn't be sure that Gordon, here, wasn't merely putting up a long bluff. Sit right down here and tell me about it." "On one condition," said Corydel. "It's not for publication. Our best play is that nothing happened. You're going after the Live Wire to-morrow on the ground that the whole thing was faked, from start to finish. It'll die quicker that way." Then he told briefly the story of the kidnapping, and Gordon added the appendix. "We have made the rounds this evening and Mr. Corydel has shown himself everywhere. It won't be hard to convince people who have seen him that he is neither crazy nor on his way to an asylum." "No; I should say not," agreed the editor. Then he turned them out and fell to work. "Take the wheel and send her home, Tom Jeff," begged the thoroughly wearied victim, when they were once more climbing into the car. "I'm going to curl up in the tonneau seat and take it easy. If you don't have to cany me in and put me to ted when we get home, you'll be all kinds of lucky." Digitized by Google XV THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE It was a full fortnight after Engineer Rathburn had revived the rumble and crunch of his batteries of rock crushers and concrete mixers at the dam, and two of the thirteen remaining weeks of the Mussel Bar's legal existence as a going concern were spent, before "The Race of the Fire Bringers" — the catch-line under which the Tribune was now clamorously advertising the re- suscitated enterprise — was fairly up to speed. None the less, during this preliminary fortnight, miracles of pace-setting had been wrought under the skilful coaching of an apparently idle young man who smoked cigarettes in Gordon's town office, played bil- liards at the Cupola Club or golf at the Town and Country, or sat for hours at a time on the porch at Beechford Manor, making a light-hearted joke of him- self for Marion Pettus's benefit, or talking old-world politics with the colonel. Quite some time before the pace-setting speed was attained two things had become strikingly evident, and many others besides Gordon and his associates on the Mussel Bar board were remarking them. One was that the apparently idle young man was an inspired leader of forlorn hopes; the other, that he had that crowning gift of good generalship— 4he ability to get things done without doing them himself. In spite of his painstaking idleness — or perhaps it was for the very reason that he refused to bestir him- 178 Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 179 self activdy — he was always ready with the suggestion to fit an emergency. When, at the very outset, the re- organizers of the moribund project were confronted with a dearth of laborers, it was he who sketched a plan for the formation of an endless chain of employ- ment agencies, with links in the principal labor markets, and set Norman to work on it. When a sudden rise in the river threatened another delay in the work, it was Cory del who showed Rathburn precisely and accu- rately how he might protect his coffer-dams and so be able to ignore the high water. Though he rarely troubled Wheelock, it was in ac- cordance with his original plan that a publicity bureau was opened in the Tribune building, with a high-sal- aried manager in charge; and when the "megaphon- ing," as Norman called it, flagged ever so little, the manager's telephone bell was sure to ring, and from Gordon's office or the Cupola Club, from Deer Trace or from Beechford, a gently reproachful voice would call to inquire if any of the publicity noisemakers were temporarily out of commission. "I wish you would tell me how you do it," said the young woman who had once, under considerable stress of emotion, admitted her responsibility to Gor- don; this in one of the afternoon intervals when Cory- del was sunning himself on the Beechford porch and lazily watching the coming and going of the huge concrete containers on the river-bridging caMeway. "How I do what?" "All of it: inoculating everybody with the work fever; keeping them all keyed up and driving night and day." The idler's grin was cheerfully complacent. "Bless your heart," he returned, "I don't do it; I conspicuously let the other fellow do it." Digitized by Google 180 THE FIRE BRINGERS "I know — the actual work, maybe. But it is always your suggestion. I heard Mr. Rathburn telling Tom Jeff so only yesterday." "Your suggestion," he amended. "It was you who pulled the fatal string — that morning up on Gilboa when I thought I had discovered a place where I could really take it easy and invite my soul. I wonder if you realized what a tremendous responsibility you were shouldering." "I don't know what you mean," she said; though it may be assumed that she did know very well indeed. "Don't you see that you have taken up the back- breaking burden of the reformer — that you are in duty bound, now, to hold me up to the rack? Didn't you tell me that I was a useless grasshopper, and that I ought to turn myself into a grub-worm, or an ant, or something of that sort?" "But if I refuse to take the responsibility?" "You can't refuse. Some people are born with re- sponsibilities, some acquire them, and some have re- sponsibilities thrust upon them. I'll be handsomely generous and let you choose your own class." Silence for the length of time it took another of the aerial concrete carriers to traverse its course, dump itself, and return to the mixers. Then: "It would be magnificent — if it weren't pathetic," she said, bending a bit lower over the embroidery frame with which Corydel was always obliged to divide time in these idling afternoons. The idler's grin rearranged itself into a coaxing smile. "Please!" he pleaded. "You said something like that the other day, and then wouldn't tell me why you said it. Where is the pathos in building a good, old, utilitarian dam, I'd like to know?" Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 181 Being a modern young woman, in spite of her en- vironment and Southern upbringing, she was looking him fairly in the eyes when she said : "The pathos is in the deception, Mr. Corydel." "Deceiving myself with the idea that we are going to win out?" he laughed. "The uncertainty is what makes the game worth the candle. Please don't waste any sympathy upon me before the fact. Besides, if the cat should happen to jump the wrong way, you must remember that I'm a good loser; everybody says so, and what everybody says must be true." "No; I didn't mean that," she denied soberly; but try as he might, he couldn't persuade her to tell what she did mean. That evening, after his return to Deer Trace, Cory- del opened his mind to Gordon in the privacy of the cozy smoking den. "Tom Jeff, in what particular respect am I posing as a gay deceiver?" he asked, wholly without prefatory leadings. "You? Heavens — you're as readable as an open book, Fred! If I had a face like yours, I'd wear a mask. Who says you're a gay deceiver ?" "Miss Marion has intimated as much, more than once; did it to-day." "Joshing you a bit, perhaps ?" "No; I wish it were only that. But she was in dead earnest. The colonel, too. He hasn't said a word, of course; but the very fineness of his hospitality shows it. When I'm over there, I am his guest, and Lord Chesterfield in the flesh couldn't be more genial or punctiliously considerate. But underneath there is pity, or condemnation ; I can't tell which. Sort it out for me, if you can." Gordon shook his head. Digitized by Google 182 THE FIRE BRINGERS ' "Honestly, I can't, Fred. I have known Colonel Pettus all my life, but his attitude, since you came here and took hold with us, is beyond me. He doesn't come to the city any more ; and, so far as I know, he hasn't communicated with any member of the com- pany except Henniker. He seems to have become en- tirely indifferent to Mussel Bar and its success or failure." Corydel smoked in silence for a time. Then he said: "There is a large-sized African in the wood pile, somewhere, Tom Jeff. I'm being slain in the house of my friends. Common, ordinary horse sense points to Corry Hernshaw. He still has the inside track over at Beechford, and, in the nature of things, I can't show him up for what he really is." "Nor can I — for quite a different reason from yours," Gordon returned. "I've tried it a time or two with the colonel. Not having your handicap, I've given Hernshaw his just dues. I might as well have tried to convince the colonel that the river runs backward. He insists soberly that we are all completely wrong in our estimate of Hernshaw, and that the event will prove it ; 'a most honorable and upright young gentle- man, suh/ and all that, you know. More than this, he hints pretty broadly that there is a revelation com- ing for all concerned in the Mussel Bar matter, and that when it comes, it will leaves us mistaken ones poorer in more ways than one." "Miss Marion's attitude, precisely," Corydel put in; "though, of course, she doesn't bring Hernshaw into it by name." Then, with the good-natured smile tak- ing a rueful twist : "My luck has double-crossed me, Tom Jeff. If you think I went into this two-penny half-penny industrial project of yours to save your skin, forget it. Nothing doing — ab-so-lutely nothing. Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 18^3 Miss Marion called me a grasshopper, and my sole am- bition is to prove to her that a grasshopper, properly tickled under the right wing, can jump as far as the industrious and much overrated ant can run. And see where the jump is landing me !" It was at the end of the second fortnight, at a mo- ment when the obstacles, other than the purely material ones, seemed to be all safely left behind, that a train- load of the racing enthusiasts who had contributed to the bond sale promoting fund came down from New York to see what was doing. Corydel rose handsomely to the occasion: chartered every obtainable automobile in South Tredegar and took the train-load over Lebanon and Mount Gilboa to Mussel Bar; chartered a steamboat and took it over the sometime-to-be lake speed course for motor boats ; gave it a banquet at the Marlboro; offered odds to anybody who would listen that the dam would be com- pleted on time, and, when there were no takers, offered still heavier odds that it wouldn't; tried by every trick of the event-maker's trade to start the ball of enthu- siasm rolling, but all to small purpose. "Oh, piffle, Freddie!" said the junior Bartlett, who had just been spending a cool quarter of a million upon a fast power cruiser to be entered in the September ocean long-distance races, "you've strung us. There's nothing to it. Where's the fight to a finish you've been bawling about in the newspapers ? Go ahead and build your blessed old dam, if that's what is biting you. No- body's going to jockey you. But for Heaven's sake, don't ask us to linger here and watch your horny- handed sons of toil pour concrete against time. It isn't half as exciting as you've made yourself think it is." After the banquet the train-load departed; and the Digitized by Google i84 THE FIRE BRINGERS most that the amateur promoter could do was to extort a promise that "The Race of the Fire Bringers" wouldn't be entirely crossed off in the betting bodes. "You're a bit early, that's all," he told the members of the advance guard. "Run down here again along about the Fourth of July, and maybe we can get up a little excitement of some sort. I'll order a car-load of fireworks, if we can't do anything better." It was in the smoking-room at Deer Trace to which haven of peace and quietness he had retreated after the northward flight of the excursion train, that the amateur sport promoter eased the nausea of his soul. "It's all over but putting the floral tributes on the grave, Tom Jeff !" he groaned despairingly. "My stars ! if we'd only had a barge wreck, or a boiler explosion, or a premature blast in the quarries — anything to break the monotony! But, no; everything had to go off like a routine meeting of club governors." "You should have given some of us a tip," laughed Gordon who, for his own part, was well enough pleased with the unexciting, unhindered onrush of the dam builders. "We might have Mown up a sand flat, or set a pile-driver afire, or something of that sort. The next time " "There isn't going to be any next time, unless we can think up some way to inject a little human interest into this thing. By Jove — it's something awful, old man! Half a dozen of the fellows own stock in Uni- versal Electric — or their people do. They gave me the cold, cruel ha-ha; and I had to grin and look pleasant and tell 'em to go to the devil." * Thus the disappointed event-enthusiast; and for other weeks — the fifth, sixth and seventh, of the critical thirteen — the skies remained cloudless, and no rain fell Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 185 to refresh a thirsty wayfarer in the dry deserts of the commonplace. Sinking deeper and deeper into the sands of despair, Corydel looked cm in dismay at the measured wheel- turns of the mighty machine whose movements he had systematized only too well. The wheels rolled on steadily night and day, and each day saw tlifc white arches of the great dam rising higher and still higher, with not even the ordinary working accidents to delay the builders. True, Wheelock still kept up the semblance of a fight, but he fought as one who stabs the empty air; and now the Live Wire was beginning to ask pointedly why the local promoters were crying so much before they were hurt, and what subterranean fire all this smoke and smudge of protest raised by the Mussel Bar people and their organ, the Tribune, were designed to <x>ncra1. It was at the seventh week-end, when Corydel, for sheer want of something better to do, had been trying out and purchasing a new, high-powered and still higher-priced speed car, drifted into Gordon's tenth- story office in the Coosa Building and dropped deject- edly into a chair. "Ever have a day when the sickening flatness of the landscape — all the landscapes — gets on your nerves, Tom Jeff?" he inquired listlessly; "a day when sugar isn't sweet, or a lemon sour; wheA you feel as if you'ct like to lean up against a soda-fountain bar and keep the fizzes going until you had acquired a ripping, roar- ing sarsaparilla jag?" "No; I havep't had many such days — not since I was a boy studying for the ministry," said the iron- master. Corydel sat up. Digitized by Google 186 THE FIRE BRINGERS "You? — you studied for the ministry ? Heaven help us alir he grinned Then, relapsing once more into the sad-colored flatness : "I envy you, old dear. That is one of the sensations I've never experienced. And, in the nature of things, I can hardly hope to experi- ence it now. It's pathetic." "You seem to have developed a good-sized pay- streak of pathos since this morning," Gordon derided. "What's gone wrong?" "I've bought a new car," said the idler, staring ab- stractedly at the misshapen Aztec pottery idol on Gor- don's desk. "Well?" "I drove it over to Beechford" — monotonously. "And it wouldn't climb Gilboa in high?" "Oh, yes ; it climbed the mountain quite successfully — and it coasted readily down the other side. Remark- able how a roller-bearing car, well lubricated, will coast on a seven-per cent, down-grade, isn't it?" "Take your own time," Gordon encouraged hu- manely. "Didn't Marion like the looks of the new wagon ?" Corydel shook his head gloomily. "She had gone out — with Corry Hernshaw — in that infernal old junk heap of his ; she and her father." "Oh!" laughed the ironmaster. Then, with the laugh still lingering at the corners of the good gray eyes : "You said once that you'd be damned if you'd let Hernshaw marry the colonel's daughter. Have you changed your mind about that?" "I'm in a devilish fair way to have it changed for me, Tom Jeff ... if you laugh I'll hit you! It's the glacial fact: I can't gain an inch. Oh, yes; she's good to me; good and sweet and sympathetic, and all that; never says a word when I stay on and on and Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 187 bore her stiff with my little aimless platitudes. But I never gain an inch; and she goes gallivanting all over the couAtry with Hernshaw." "Yet she " Gordon was about to mention the telephone episode on the day of the kidnaping, and Marion Pettus's visit to the Iron Works offices after- ward, but he thought better of it and changed the sen- tence to run : "Yet she goes gallivanting all over the country with you, too, doesn't she?" "Oh, yes ; in a general way, as you might say : Mrs. Gordon inveigles her into joining us once in a while, and she is too kind-hearted to say no. But Corry Hernshaw has a pull that I haven't got, and I'm taking off weight every day trying to find out what it is." Gordon took counsel of frankness, as he usually did in talking to Corydel. "I told you in the beginning that the gossips had once made a match of it between Marion and Hern- shaw. I didn't fully believe it; but perhaps that was because I didn't want to believe it. One thing, how- ever, is beyond all question of doubt : and that is that the colonel favors his suit A blind man could see that" "But why — what's the reason?" complained the idler. "Corry Hernshaw has neither money nor social position. That wouldn't make an atom of difference to Miss Marion, of course, but her father might rea- sonably be expected to demand a little of both." Gordon sat back in his chair. "Put your mind on it," he suggested. "Assume, for the sake of having a springboard to dive from, that Hernshaw has made the colonel believe that you're not going to win out, after all; that you can't win out; and that he is the one who still holds the fate of the Digitized by Google 1 188 THE FIRE BRINGERS Pettus stockholders in the hollow of his palm. How will that do?" Corydel leaped to his feet and thrust his hands into his pockets. "Suffering Scott, Tom Jeff! Do you suppose — but what the dickens are you supposing, anyhow?" "I'm not supposing; I'm merely working out a little problem in equations. See here, Fred: a pessimist might say that things are coming too easily for us — much too easily. We are seven weeks and more to the ^ood, now, and there is a fair prospect that continuous work, with a nifty hustle on everybody's part, will put us through within the time limit. On the other hand, since Thorpe and Hernshaw tried to shoo you away at the . start, there hasn't been a breath of opposition from Universal Electric. Even the Live Wire has grown tired of villi fying us, and Thorpe contents him- self now with poking fun at Wheelock and Blaisdell." "That isn't all of it— what's the rest?" snapped the amateur promoter. "Just another suggestion. What would you be doing if you were in your estimable father's place right now?" "My stars!" raved the son of the estimable father, beginning to walk the floor, "don't I know just what he is doing? He's letting the local mouse do all the hard gnawing, so that, when the hole is made " "Following the idea up, perhaps this suggestion will throw a bit of light upon the situation at Beechford. Hernshaw is diplomatic. He has gradually widened the rift between the colonel and the other members of the board, and the Lord only knows what lies he's been telling about you. With the colonel on his side, Marion's loyalty may be taken for granted. She'll stand with her father." "What's the answer?" Corydel demanded. Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 189 "There is only one answer to the Beechford situa- tion, and that is to show Hernshaw up in his true colors." "No!" came the answer promptly; "it is to make Hernshaw show himself up. Those two Messed loyal- ists over at Beechford will hav£ to be shown unmis- takably; which means that Corry, himself, will have to do the showing. But about that notion of Universal Electric letting us gnaw the hole: there's a good bit in that, Tom Jeff. Are we playing up for a counter- check?" Gordon nodded soberly. "As far as we can, yes. We had that phase of the question up in the meeting of the executive committee yesterday. We concluded that we might even be per- mitted to run along for a few weeks longer without opposition, since every dollar we spend will save the spending of a Universal Electric dollar further along. Taking that view of it we decided to buy, quietly but immediately, all the material we shall need to carry us through, paying what the market demands, but in- serting savage forfeit clauses in the contracts for de- lay in deliveries. We are safe on everything but ce- ment." "And why not on that?" \ "We have no storage for the immense quantity that will still be needed. That is one reason, and another is that we are not now able to buy for July deliveries." "Why can't we?" The chairman of the executive committee shrugged his shoulders. "There isn't supposed to be any cement trust, but when you come to buy in large quantities you'll find a striking similarity in the answers you'll get from the different mills. Just now the answer we are getting Digitized by Google 190 THE FIRE BRINGERS from one and all is that there will probably be a shortage of cars for July shipments ; indications point that way, and so on. Dysart has this part of it in hand, and if there is any Portland to be had, hell get it. Anyhow, we won't cross that bridge until we come to it" Corydel was still tramping back and forth with his head down and his hands pocketed. "Hernshaw's got something up his sleeve," he gritted. "That is why he has settled down at the Marlboro as if he intended to make South Tredegar his permanent home. Lord, Tom Jeff, how I am tempted at times to take a leaf out of that cad's book and tell the col- onel ... but that can't be done. It would be like the revenge of the forty-seven Japs; there wouldn't be anything but hara-kiri for mine, after that" "No," said the ironmaster shortly; and he did not qualify the negative. Corydel quit marching and dropped into a chair. "Something's going to happen, Tom Jeff — something's t got to happen," he snapped out. "If I can't show that beggar up, I'll make him do the harorkiri stunt proper for the colonel's bene " A sharp skirl of the telephone bell broke the sen- tence, and Gordon took the receiver from its hook. "Yes; this is Gordon speaking . . . Yes, I recog- nized your voice, Murdoch : what is it ?" In at the open windows of the tenth floor office the traffic noises of the streets came only as a drumming murmur, and Corydel could almost distinguish the words of the rather long-drawn-out communication from Rathburn at the dam ; almost, but not quite. But Gordon did not keep him waiting after the receiver had been replaced. "It has begun at last," he announced soberly. "The Digitized by Google THE DEADLY COMMONPLACE 191 Belle, with a full barge load of cement, which our one good friend in the cement industry — the president of the Dixville mill — had practically stolen from his other customers to help us out, has just collided with one of the bridge piers above the dam. She is a sunken wreck, and the cement, which Rathburn is going to need to- morrow, is at the bottom of the river." Corydd found a cigarette, lighted it, and began to inhale peacefully. "That, my dear Thomas Jefferson, is something like the real stuff, isn't it, now?" he commented, settling himself contentedly in the depths of his chair. "A steamboat wrecked, and a whole barge-load of critically needed cement dumped into the river. Wheelock ought to be able to make a column and a half, easily, out of that, don't you think ?" Then, with sudden earnest- ness : "Tom Jeff, Til give a thousand round iron dol- lars to anybody who will prove that this wreck wasn't merely a happen-so— that it was pulled off according to programme. I will, for a fact 1" Digitized by Google XVI printer's ink Investigation, promptly set on foot by Chief of Construction Rathburn, and continued after Scammon, the inculpated pilot, had been arrested on a w arrant sworn out by Berwick, Mussel Bar corporation counsel, lent color to CorydePs hope that the bridge-pier disaster was not accidental. Cross-questioned by Berwick, first at his preliminary before a magistrate, and later in his cell in the county jail, Scammon told two stories, neither of which agreed precisely with the one he had told Rathburn. The discrepancies gave Berwick the needed whip, and he plied it to such good purpose that the pilot finally broke down, admitting that he had deliberately wrecked the cement barge, though the coincident sinking of the Belle was not intentional. With this admission, how- ever, the well of confession ran suddenly dry. No amount of persuasion or pressure would induce the wrecker to implicate his principals, or even to admit that the piece of sabotage had been either prompted or paid for by some man or men higher up. "Never mind," said Corydel, when the result of the grilling had been reported to him; "we have all we need for the present. No sane person is going to be simple enough to believe that this man was acting upon his own initiative. He is to be held for the grand jury?" Berwick nodded. 19s Digitized by Google PRINTER'S INK 193 "How about bail?" "The justice court fixed it at one thousand dollars ; but on the strength of Scammon's confession I shall ask to have it raised to five thousand." "Can he make a bond for that amount?" "I think it is doubtful, unless the men who paid him for sinking the boat come to his rescue." "That would be giving themselves away, wouldn't it?" Corydel asked. "Not necessarily; there are a good many ways of whipping the devil around the stump. And the urge to get him out of jail and out of the country will be pretty strong." Corydel took one tramping turn up and down the lawyer's office : then he charted the course. "We must hold Scammon at all hazards, Berwick. If he is bailed out on this charge, you must find some other way of getting him re-arrested. Give me twenty- four hours, and I think I can make it extra-venture- some for the man or men who hired him to offer bail, even in the most roundabout manner." Corydel's expedient became apparent the following morning when the Tribune appeared, carrying the story of the pilot's confession and charging his crime to motives of personal revenge. Some of his relatives owned river-bottom land which would be submerged by the building of the dam. They had refused to sell, and the company had resorted to condemnation pro-* ceedings. Wheelock could swing the whip like a Cos- sack when the occasion demanded it, and his flaying of the entire Scammon connection did what Berwick's bullying had failed to do. A copy of the paper was passed in to the pilot's cell, and for a moody hour afterward the morosely reticent riverman sat on the Digitized by Google 194 THE FIRE BRINGERS edge of his cot, staring gloomily at the opposite wall. Then he sent for Berwick. This time he told more, but not all. His people were innocent, and the newspaper story must be denied. His relatives had no quarrel with the Mussel Bar Com- pany, nor with any one connected with it. He had been hired to sink the cement, and the price was a paltry fifty-dollar bill. Having told this much of the truth — for the avowed purpose of clearing his rela- tives — he once more took refuge in evasion. He de- clared stoutly that he did not know who had given him the bribe, or what object was sought to be attained by the destruction of the cement cargo. Berwick had his instructions from CorydeL Draw- ing up a formal statement embodying all that Scam- mon had admitted, he had the pilot sign it. An hour later this second confession was in Wheelock's hands, and the next morning it was duly blazoned forth in the Tribune, with appropriate editorial comment. Wheelock accused no one by name; but, for the pur- poses of the indictment, he might just as well have written "Universal Electric" in every line of his scathing arraignment of the great corporations for their absolute and utter lawlessness in seeking to gain their ends. Promptly — as promptly as though its rejoinder had been set in type and laid away against the time of need — the Live Wire struck back. Why, in the name of long-suffering humanity and common justice, should the paid organ of local capital go so far afield to find a victim for its spleen? Why, indeed, unless it were afraid to tell the simple truth? Had it not, only twenty-four hours earlier, called attention to the con- demnation suits instituted against some of the river- bank land owners, pointing out that the pilot, Scam- Digitized by Google PRINTER'S INK 195 mon, was a kinsman of these Cove farmers? Thorpe's editor dwelt insistently upon this sudden change of front on the part of the Tribune, winding up with a broad intimation that the so-called "second confession" of the pilot was either a fabrication cut out of whole cloth, or, if it were not, that it was a falsehood ob- tained by bribery. As a matter of course, Wheelock prepared to doubles- shot the guns of surrejoinder — with Corydel at his elbow, and with Blaisdell, the Tribune's owner, Dysart, Guthrie, Dandridge, Gordon, and President Stuart, of the Coosa Security, called in conference.' And to the keen surprise of the older men, it was the young idler who alone took the high ground of the industrial revo- lutionary. "Gentlemen, we have been calling ourselves The Fire B ringers,' meaning thereby that we intend to put cheap fire under our South Tredegar boilers," he said in gentle irony. "But, really, when you come to meas- ure it up, the local problem is purely incidental What we are out to demonstrate is something vastly bigger. It is, or should be, nation-wide. We want to show that there is no corporation or trust in the United States big enough to say to a bunch of us smaller fel- lows that we shan't get together and pull off our own little speed trial, taking the gate money for ourselves." Dysart was the only one who snorted at this states- manlike view of the case; but Dysart's snort was as often approbative as condemnatory. "Looking at it in that light," Corydel went on, "it is up to us to get out into the open, where we can be seen from the bleachers as well as from the grand stand. Some of you have been snickering at my campaign of publicity; I'm not sure that any one of you has seen the method in that madness — not even our good friend Digitized by Google 196 THE FIRE BRINGERS Wheelock, here, But the method is going to be ap- parent from this time on. Our only hope of winning the Mussel Bar race, from the very beginning, lay in attracting public attention to it as a fight of little capital against big capital ; and I've been doing my level best to get it into the limelight by every means, foolish or otherwise, that I could devise." Guthrie and Stuart applauded silently, and big Dan Dandridge brought his fist down with a smack upon the arm of his chair. "Mr. Corydel, you have more good fighting blood in you in a minute than the rest of us could get to- gether in a week!" was his tribute; and Blaisdell said: "Go on and line it out for us ; we're kindergartners." "We have done something in the way of attracting public attention, but not enough," the amateur con- tinued "The notion of making it a race against time has helped some, and the newspaper cat-fight we have been stirring up has been getting its due share of com- ment in the wider circle. But what I have been con- fidently betting on and waiting for was some open attempt on the part of Universal Electric to do us up; something that would rank as real head-line stuff for the newspaper editors who had never heard of Mussel Bar, and who, under ordinary conditions, never would hear of it. I'll go farther and admit that I've done my best to provoke the big people. That is why I have been crowding Rathburn so hard. If we could make it appear from the progress of the work that we were pretty sure to win out, there was good reason to believe that Universal Electric would jump in and do something rash to hold us back." Again big Dandridge smote the arm of his chair. "In addition to the fighting blood, you've got the Digitized by Google PRINTER'S INK 197 brains of this outfit, I'll say, Mr. Corydel," he rumbled. "Goon." "So, as I say, I've been waiting for something to turn up that would give us a chance to beat the tom- tom to a better purpose. Until this break of Scam- mon's it hadn't come ; and I tell you, gentlemen, I've been sweating blood for fear it wouldn't come until such time as it would be too late for us to get into the wider field with the brass-band noises." "It's your idea to beat the tom-tom now?" asked Guthrie. "It is," was the decisive answer. "Scammon's break has given us the chance I was praying for. He was bribed, and he has confessed it Thorpe has accounted for the crime in his own way ; now we'll account for it in our way. The Tribune must come out to-morrow morning with a straight- f rom-the-shoulder charge against Universal Electric by name, and it must fur- ther announce that suit will be brought against that corporation by the Mussel Bar Company for damages." "Gar-r-r!" snarled little Dysart. "That's business!" But there was consternation elsewhere in the small circle of conferees. Blaisdell sat thin-lipped and silent, but both Guthrie and Dandridge protested that such a course would mean a prompt suit for libel against the Tribune. "If it does, we'll pay the bills, and be glad of the chance," said Corydel, calmly lighting a second ciga- rette. "I've seen Berwick, and he has the courage of his convictions. He will bring the suit for damages, depending upon sweating the evidence out of Scam- mon when the time comes. Don't lose sight of the main handicap, any of you. If we can't get a chance to beat the big drum, and beat it so loud that the whole country will hear it, we're down and out." Digitized by Google 198 THE FIRE BRINGERS In the end Corydel carried his point, as he always contrived to, and on the following morning South Tredegar awoke to fipd that it had a definite place on the map. In the press dispatches the Mussel Bar project had a full write-up, with the war report in- cluded; and later and more sensational developments were freely prophesied and promised. Before the day was over, the Tribune was receiving wire congratula- tions from trust fighters in the outer world, and Whee- lock was jubilantly telephoning them to Corydel. But the real triumph came just as Corydel and Gor- don were getting into the new speed car for the run to the Deef Trace dinner-table. It took the shape of a telegram, which the amateur publicist opened and read while Gordon was signing for it in the boy's de- livery book. "Say, Tom Jeff, if I don't let you take the wheel I shall be pulled for speeding before we can get out of town/' said the fast-car owner, exulting joyously. "Read this!" The wire was dated at New York, and signed "Bart- lett, junior." "Saw your wigwag in the dailies. Pull off a few more stunts like that barge wreck, and well all coma down and make pools on your tin-soldier teapot fight." Dinner was over at Deer Trace, and Corydel had gone to drive the fast car over the Gilboa mountain climb— ostensibly to see Rathbum — when Ardea Gor- don drew up her small willow rocker beside her hus- band's broad-armed Morris chair on the Deer Trace porch. "What was done with the Bellas pilot, Tom?" she asked. Digitized by Google PRINTER'S INK 199 Gordon told her the story of the day; also the un- published part of the story of the preceding days. "I'm inclining more and more to the notion that we have all been considerably underrating Fred," he ad- mitted, in conclusion. "He has been claiming all along that he had only a sportsman's interest in the Mussel Bar affair; but the sport was in a much larger field than we guessed. Down underneath all of his light- nesses there is a mighty shrewd business fighter, and under the fighter there is a reformer." "Yes," said the one whose intuition was able to go on after masculine logic had come to a stand, "and under the reformer there is a lover. If it wasn't for Marion Pettus, he wouldn't be here, either as a fighter or a reformer. Don't you see why he is doing all these things? He is in love with Marion and is trying to prove to her that he isn't at all what she thought he was — a mere money-spoiled idler." From the Deef Trace porch the skyline northward and westward is lifted by the sharply lined cliff edge of high Gilboa. In the sunset glow which still lingered over the mountain top the stars were coming out one by one, and Gordon appeared to be counting them care- fully when he said: "Of course he is in love with Marion; anybody can see that He admits it to me, and in the same breath tells me that Marion is holding him at arm's length. Perhaps you know why: I'll confess I don't." "I am afraid I do, Tom," was the low-toned reply. "Mr. Hernshaw proposed to her before he went North." "Yes?" "Marion said 'No' to him — and thereby sorely dis- appointed her father. She has admitted that much to me. Mr. Hernshaw has completely hypnotized the Digitized by Google 200 THE FIRE BRINGERS colonel Marion was over here this afternoon, and she told me that her father is still urging her to reconsider. He thinks Mr. Hernshaw is a 'coming' young man, and he is anxious to have Marion settled. That is why I say he is hypnotized. It isn't a bit like Cousin Semple." "And Marion; how does she feel about it?" "Marion is a dutiful daughter. She has her share of womanly sentiment, I suppose, but, on the other hand, she is a modern young woman, quite well able to push sentiment aside. She admits that she doesn't love Mr. Hernshaw as she had always supposed a woman ought to love the man she would marry; but she also says that she hasn't any reasonable objection to offer when her father catalogues Mr. Hernshaw's eligibilities." "Huh!" said Gordon, "you certainly said something when you intimated that she could push sentiment aside. I'm glad I married a little ahead of the advent of the new woman. Wasn't there anything said about Fred in all this talk?" "I tried to put in a good word for him, but it was no use." "Why wasn't it?" "I don't know ; she wouldn't tell me. But she made it quite plain that he'd been doing something that she abhors — though I think it's the sin, and not the sinner, that she refuses to approve. She was quite willing to admit that he is a lovable boy." "Boy, indeed!" said Gordon, with a husbandly snort; "he's the biggest and most capable man on the Mussel Bar board right now. Wonder what he's been doing to offend Marion's hypercritical sense of right and wrong?" "Why, nothing, of course," returned the one to whom Digitized by Google PRINTER'S INK 20I intuition came as second nature. "It is merely some lie that Mr. Hernshaw has been telling. If you could only take a leaf out of his book and kidnap him out of the way " "I really believe you'd like to see it done/' Gordon laughed; and with that the matter rested Digitized by Google XVII THE MERRY WAR After the sinking of the barge-load of cement, and as though the river disaster had been the cue summon- ing a chorus of misfortunes, ill luck came and sat in visible presence upon the rising dam head at Mussel Bar. First, it was a pure accident — a premature explosion in the limestone quarry which overthrew a derrick; and the derrick, in falling, wrecked three of the nearest rock crushers. Next, it was the sinking of a sand scow in the approach to the lock; a clean-cut accident this appeared to be, too, though Rathburn sifted the sand gang like another Torquemada in his efforts to prove it otherwise. Two days beyond the foundering of the sand boat, the power-house installing force took its turn. A tackle broke while the machinists were lowering one of the great turbines to its place in the wheel pit, and the big power generator dropped thirty feet to ruin. Meanwhile, the executive committee, acting as its own purchasing agent, was also having trouble. The mills under contract to furnish the multiplied miles of heavy transmission wire telegraphed voluminous ex- cuses for delay, but they made no shipments. Bills of lading for reinforcing steel came promptly, but the steel itself had to be laboriously traced by the railroads, and days elapsed before it could be found and for- warded. 202 Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 203 Added to these distractions and hampering* was an ever-threatening cement famine. Car-loads of Port- land were lost in transit, and, like the steel; had to be traced from their points of origin. Roxwell, the Gov- ernment inspector in charge of the work on the lock — the official who had taken Hernshaw's place — was fair, but his cement tests were as rigid as those of a labora- tory specialist. By the end of the eighth week, when there remained only a paring of the month of June and the one month of July in the Mussel Bar time limit, he had rejected no less than a thousand barrels of the hard-won cement supply. Corydel, the one undisturbed atom jn the Mussel Bar storm area, became a tower of strength to the harassed dam Wlders in these days of grouping discourage- ments. It was not that he did more — or rather, idled less. When he was not loafing in Gordon's office or in Wheelock's editorial den, or testing his new car in "century runs" over the country roads, he could usu- ally be found playing with the children under the Deer Trace oaks, or looking on abstractedly from the Beech- ford porch at the dam workers. But his serenity and apparent unconcern were Gordon's best backing; and Dysart's and Dandridge's and Guthrie's; and Blais- dell's and Wheelock's — when the libel suits began to sift in upon the Tribune like autumn leaves burying a fallen tree. For not in any issue of the paper did Corydel allow the savage attack upon Universal Electric to flag, waver or retreat. Upon this one point he was inexor- able. Every hampering, accidental or other, was spite- fully charged to the machinations of the so-called trust ; and when Wheelock ventured to suggest, with thought- ful ticklings of his bald head with the pencil point, that accidents — real accidents — would happen now and Digitized by Google 204 THE FIRE BRINGERS then in the best-regulated industrial households, the amateur only insisted the more vehemently. "Let 'em have the credit of it all, Mr. Wheelock. We'll prove what we can, and assume what we can't prove. You remember what you and Blaisdell — and Gordon, too, for that matter — said about that dropped turbine: that we couldn't justly hold the enemy re- sponsible for a poor piece of hoisting tackle used by the machinery people to their own loss?" Wheelock did remember how the machinery fore- man, complaining when the whiskey was in and the wit out, had moved the blame for the rotten tackle higher up, charging it upon the bosses at the home shops, who had made him take the outworn gear to Mussel Bar against his protest. "All right," yielded the editor. "The Tribune is your paper — or it will be' by the time we're through with these libel suits. There were two more filed yes- terday, and the Live Wire held a jubilation war dance all over its editorial page, as you probably saw." But if the Tribune's daily assaults and the steady fire of publicity literature kept up by the advertising bureau brought libel suits, they brought other re- sults as well. From far and wide, wherever Universal Electric had left its strangle-hold marks upon the throat of private or local capital, came trumpet blasts of en- couragement in the Tribune's exchanges. Slowly but surely the entire power-using world seemed to be wak- ing up to the fact that in a neglected corner of the South a few brave soldiers of the common good were fighting a new Thermopylae against the hosts of swol- len fortunes. Wheelock, fighting as a heroic captain fights his sinking ship, delved into statistics and gave his ex- changes fresh material. By comparison, the greatest Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 205 monopoly the world has ever tolerated — he told his readers— sank into insignificance when measured up beside the potentialities and tyrannical graspings of Universal Electric In the world's industrial economy, hydro-electric power was the last hope of the dispos- sessed. Oil was a monopoly ; coal was price-controlled ; the forests were going, or gone; and now the energy in the flowing streams, once fondly believed to be free to any riparian owner who could capture and harness it, was to be gathered into the huge net of centralized capital, and used to coin money, and yet more money, for a handful of men who never saw the streams. Catching the true spirit of the Spartan few, the wooden-faced editor, sweltering in his hot little den at the top of the Tribune Building, dug still deeper. He told the world in crisp sentences that the big syn- dicate already owned or controlled more than a third of all the hydro-electric plants in the Union; that its methods were the methods of pirates and buccaneers; that by force, bribery or trickery, or all three, it had succeeded in placing upon the statute books laws which made it possible to dispossess the owner of the hum- blest country mill site, if that owner were unfortunate enough to be taking his power from a technically nav- igable stream. It was in the evening of one of these middleof-July days that Gordon, pleading laziness, elected to sit upon the Beechford porch, smoking peace pipes with the colonel, while the others — his wife, Corydel, Miss Pet- tus and a visiting girl cousin from Alabama — went for a moonlight drive over the Tredegar battlefields. Seeing the master of Beechford at short intervals, and having in no wise suffered the bond of almost filial affection to relax, the ironmaster was more and more puzzled to account for the radical change in the colonel, Digitized by Google 2o6 THE FIRE BRJNGERS dating from the revival of the activities at the dam. Suave, kindly, and grandly hospitable as the old Civil War veteran had ever been, his attitude toward the Mussel Bar enterprise, into which he had so enthusias- tically thrown himself, his influence and his resources, had become an attitude of studied indifference. Now that the success for which he had formerly labored had become at least a fighting possibility, he seemed to have lost all interest in the struggle. At first, Gordon had attributed the changed attitude to ill-health; to the vast discouragement which rises up to smother the man who, past his prime, has the temerity to clash swords with the strong-armed legions in the modern business battle. But now the ironmaster was coming to believe that there were deeper depths than mere disheartenment Only on rare occasions, since his return from Washington in April, had Colonel Pettus shown himself in South Tredegar; and, after that first day of the revival of the activities, he had kept away from the construction camp which lay prac- tically at his door — so Rathburn reported. The red clay bowl of the Indian peace pipe was be- ginning to grow warm in the hollow of Gordon's palm before he ventured to break the silence which had fol- lowed the departure of the automobile party. During the interval the colonel had been swinging gently in his hammock chair, gazing thoughtfully out and down upon the arc-lighted industrial battle-field, outlined now in sharpest detail by thickly planted masthead lamps. "We didn't make any mistake when. we employed Rathburn; he is a man for all emergencies," said Gor- don, by way of leading up to the thing he most wished to say. "Mistuh Rathburn is all that could be desired in a chief of construction; he suttinly is that/' was the Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 207 quiet assent But there was so evidently a reservation behind the spoken words that Gordon was fain to grope for it "But " he suggested. "I was just thinking, Tom Jeff, as I have thought a good many times lately, that it's a thousand pities you- all should be making the mistake you are making." The breach was opened and Gordon entered it promptly. "What mistake?" he asked. "Why, the mistake of practically striking hands with the enemy, my boy; the mistake of not going down with yo-uh colors flying," was the gently reproachful explanation. Gordon knocked the ash from his pipe and reached for the tobacco bag hanging on the hammock hook be- hind him. "I'm afraid youTl have to make it a little plainer," he said gravely. "We've been missing your support, Colonel; and you have never told us why you were not giving it to us." "It hasn't been asked for, Tom Jeff — nor ve'y greatly desired, I reckon. It is just as well, maybe. If you-all had thought it advisable to call me into yo-uh counsels — which you appa'ently didn't — I should most suttinly have been a disco'dant element" Gordon hitched his settee around to face the ham- mock chair. "You mean that you would have stood with the Hen- niker faction? I can't believe that, Cousin Semple. Why, Henniker has been in the pay of Universal Elec- tric ever since the firing of the first gun !" The venerable figure in the hammock chair came to attention with a start. "Tom Jeff, do you mean to tell me, suh, that you- all have allowed yo-uhselves to be outmaneuve'd, Digitized by Google 208 THE FIRE BRINGERS after all ? — that you don't know what's happenin' down yondeh?" Gordon laughed. "You've certainly got me run- ning around in circles, now, Cousin Sempk. I haven't the faintest idea* what you mean." "You haven't? Why, Tom! If you-all had been a pack of little children But grown men, and busi- ness men, eve'y last one of you! Wasn't there one man in the entiah board of directuhs to tell the rest of you what young Mistuh Corydel was trappin' you into?" "There wasn't; and there isn't yet," said Gordon soberly. "What is this trap— which others see, and we don't see?" "The Lord have mercy! — don't you see it yet, Tom Jeff? Forget that young Mistuh Corydel is yo-uh friend and guest, and look it fairly in the face. Uni- versal Electric had fought us to a stand; lacking the money from the bond sale, we couldn't go on; but neither could they foreclose on us until our franchise should lapse. Isn't that the fact?" "It is." "Well, then; we had one chance for our lives, and only one; if we could find some purchaseh willing to take the property off our hands, even at a sacri- fice " Light was beginning to break in upon Gordon's un- derstanding. "I see," he said. "Go on." "Universal Electric isn't the only bidder in the field. Before I went to Washington last April I had received overtures from anotheh syndicate. I didn't lay them before the board at that time because I still had hopes that our franchise might be extended. I was holding them in rese've, never dreaming that, in the last reso't, eve'y stockholdeh in the company wouldn't suppo't me. Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 209 But the Big Fellows were too many for us — too many for us, Tom Jeff." "Just a word," Gordon broke in. "Who or what is this second syndicate you speak of, Cousin Semple?" • "That, suh, I am not at liberty to tell. But their representative is heah — has been heah all along: Mistuh Corwin Hernshaw." "Hernshaw?" gasped the listener. "Why, he is with Universal Electric!" "Has he ever told you that, suh?" Hastily Gordon shuffled the memory cards. There was no record of any such admission on Hernshaw's part; absolutely none. Hernshaw had merely spoken of his "principals," never naming them. It had simply been taken for granted by everybody that he had trans- ferred his allegiance from the Government to Universal Electric His relations with Henniker were the only incriminating circumstance, but this was inconclusive. Gordon knew only too well that the fat banker was quite capable of trying to serve two masters at one and the same time. "No; Hernshaw hasn't said so in my hearing," he admitted, "but it has been generally accepted as a fact. Have you any evidence, besides Hernshaw's word, that it isn't the fact?" "The best of evidence, suh ; the ve'y best. If I were at liberty to do so, I could give you the name of the company he represents, and the names of its founders. You-all have been doing Mistuh Hernshaw a great injustice, Tom Jeff — a ve'y great injustice." Deceived or not deceived, the old veteran was evi- dently immovable in his loyalty to Hernshaw, and Gor- don switched to the other phase of the situation. "Tell me, in so many words, Cousin Semple, just what you think Corydel is doing," he urged, determined Digitized by Google 2io THE FIRE BRINGERS to be at the bottom of this part of the misunderstanding while the way lay open. "Why, it's as plain as the nose on yo-uh /ace, Tom Jeff! You-all have taken Universal Electric to yo-uh bosom — given it a seat on yo-uh board of directuhs! For its own selfish pupposes it has staged this heah * sham fight against itself, with the son of its originateh apparently in revolt against his father. When the last day of July comes along, two things will have been accomplished : Universal Electric will have saved three months of a good building season, and you-all will have been euchred out of yo'uh chance to recoup by a sale to outside parties." Gordon nodded understanding^. "Then you are confidently assuming that the dam won't be completed by the thirty-first of July?" "Most suttinly it won't. That is what Mistuh Cory- del is heah for — to make his 'Race of the Fire Bring- ers' a lost race. You-all are riding for a fall, Tom Jeff ; but if it will be any comfo't to you, I can tell you that Universal Electric is doing the ve'y same iden- tical thing." "What's that?" snapped Go^doa "Again I am not at liberty to explain. But you'll see, suh, mark my words. The lion may devour the po' woolly sheep, but the hunteh is out afteh the lion." Gordon relighted his pipe and smoked in brooding silence for five full minutes, ruminating thoughtfully over this new involvement That the colonel was thor- oughly convinced, there could be no doubt; but how much of this restatement of the problem was fact, and how much a skilful farrago of lies built up by Hern- shaw to deceive the simple-hearted old master of Beech- ford? The assumption — accepted as a sufficiently proved fact by the colonel — that Hernshaw was not Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 211 acting for Universal Electric, was baldly incredible; but, as the ironmaster well knew, modern business has many ways of covering its tracks. It was easily imag- inable that a subsidiary corporation had been formed; a creature of Universal Electric, but apparently inde- pendent; and that, at a pinch, Hernshaw could show that he had no connection with the greater controlling company. Holding this possibility in mind, Gordon ventured another question. "Hernshaw was interested in this proposed sale to — er — these outside parties, wasn't he?" The reply did not come at once, and when it did come it was mildly deprecatory. "That isn't altogether a friendly inquiry you are making now, Tom Jeff. For some reason that I've never undehstood, you don't like Mistuh Hernshaw." "I admit it," returned Gordon briefly. "That is yo-uh misfortune, Tom Jeff. He is one of Nature's noblemen, suh. I may say truthfully that I owe him more than what remains of my old, wo'n-out life. Afteh the last hope was gone; when I had eve'y reason to believe that my old friends, and even you, my kinsman, had gone back on me; he stepped in and saved the honor of the Pettuses, suh!" Again Gordon took time to consider. Plainly he was on the brink of a discovery. For weeks Hernshaw had been ostensibly inert, and so had Henniker. Thorpe, too, had been confining his activities to the newspaper fight with the Tribune. What subterranean plot had they been concocting? Gordon was too hon- orable to descend. to detective methods with his kins- man host, but he gave the colonel a chance to explain more fully, if he would. "Your honor could never have been called in ques- tion, Cousin Semple," he protested warmly. Digitized by Google 212 THE FIRE BRINGERS "It could have been, Tom Jeff; yes, suh, it could have been. These po' riveh-farmer neighbors of mine who put their savings, and even mo'gaged their farms to put more, into Mussel Bar, did it because I advised them to. I owed them that money, suh, as truly as if I had taken it for my own personal uses." Gordon made a mental note of the past tense of the verb. Had the river farmers' stock been redeemed? "You no longer owe them?" he offered suggestively. "Thank God, I do not, Tom Jeff! That is why I have been able to sit heah quietly under my own vine and fig-tree, and look on while you-all flung yo-uh- selves — willingly, as I was fo'ced to believe — into the ahms of the enemy." Once again Gordon took refuge in silence. In com- mon fairness he could not ask crudely how the miracle *of restoring their money to the colonel's clientele had been wrought. Out across the river the distance-soft- ened cry of the quarrymen, "Fire in the rock!" rose above the clank and clamor of machinery in motion, and was itself obliterated by the crashing reverbera- tions of the dynamite. On one section of the dam the carpenters, working in a blinding beam of white light from the flares, were resetting the forms for a fresh pouring of the concrete; and high overhead the huge conveyor buckets were passing* and repassing, like shadowy, slowly hurled projectiles, through the upper air. Gordon saw little, heard little, of the strenuous ac- tivities. The colonel's revelation had started a new train of speculation. From the little he had told it was clear that money had passed. For what had this money been paid ? Gordon weighed and measured with the skill of a practised bidder in the market place. Why had Universal Electric, or anybody else, bought Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 213 the colonel's Mussel Bar stock and that of his farmer neighbors? There was not enough of it to give the purchasers the control. What then? The answer did not linger. There must have been some other con- sideration. What else had the colonel sold to Hern- shaw, besides his stock in Mussel Bar ? The ironmaster was admitting a good bit of inward perturbation when he said: "I'm mighty glad, for your sake, Cousin Semple, that you are out of trouble. I'm not going to ask you how it was done." "Because you don't ask me, Tom Jeff, I'll tell you — as much as I can without betraying business con- fidences. Naturally, we are all agreed that there will be a power ^>lant heah at Mussel Bar, sooner or lateh, — whether you-all make yo-uh riffle by the end of July or not?" "Of course," Gordon allowed. "Has it ever occurred to you, suh, that some of the big industries might in the future locate right heah in this valley?" "Yes." "Well, one of them has located, Tom Jeff. Mistuh Hernshaw hasn't told me yet just what it Is to be, and I haven't asked him. But his principals had money to invest, and he has been in correspondence with them eveh since the failure of you-all to listen to his pro- posals for the Mussel Bar property. An enormous plant of some sort is to be built, and I have sold them the land for it." Gordon permitted himself to ask a single question in a single word. "Where?" "Just across the riveh from here, a tract of a hun- dred and sixty acres, with a strip of the bottom land Digitized by Google 214 THE FIRE BRINGERS on this side, right down there where the construction camp is. From the fact that the tract was made to include a limestone knob on the otheh side, I've been suspecting it might be a cement mill. But that is Mistuh Hernshaw's business, and the business of his principals. The price they paid me was liberal; it was mo' than liberal — it was generous, suh. With it I was enabled to take up eve'y share of the Mussel Bar stock for which I held myself responsible." "Then Hernshaw didn't buy your stock?" "Why, no, son; of cou'se he didn't! I hope you don't think I'd do anything like that— sell out secretly and leave you-all to hold the bag! No, suh; I've got eve'y single share of that stock locked up in the old secretary right heah in the house, and there it will stay. When the smash comes, IH go down with the rest of you-all. I reckoned you knew I'd do that, Tom Jeff," — half reproachfully. Gordon's deep-drawn breath was a suppressed groan. Out of a past that reached back some years before the inception of the Mussel Bar project loomed a shadow, ill-defined as yet, but unnervingly threatening. The shadow was the ghost of another hydro-electric enter- prise which had died almost as soon as it had been con- ceived ; a project which all South Tredegar believed — and which the event proved — to be nothing more or less than a wild-cat stock speculation. But to keep it alive until its originators could escape with their stealings, an enabling act had been put through Congress. The ironmaster could not recall at once the limit of this paper company's franchise; neither that, nor the exact location of the paper dam. But a catastrophic possibility was drying his lips and making his tongue cleave to the roof of his mouth. After an interval in which the present and pressing topic had been given Digitized by Google THE SfERRY WAR 215 time to die and be decently buried, he asked a question. "Cousin Scmplc, do you remember the Cleghorn stock-jobbing flyer of some six or seven years ago?" "Do I ?" said the white4iaired veteran with a quiet chuckle; "I reckon I ought to. I sold those rascals the land on both sides of the riveh for the landing ends of their dam that they never meant to build." "Did they pay for the land?" Again the quiet chuckle. "They tried right hard to pay for it — in stock. When I wouldn't have it that way — not bavin* the least confidence in their undeh- taking — they made a small payment in cash money and gave me a mo'gage. Most naturally, the land came back to me in due course." "I see," said Gordon. "As I remembered it, I thought their location was somewhere along here on your land, but I couldn't recall the exact place." "Oh, they picked the proper place ; I'll give them the credit of that," returned the veteran genially. "If they'd been honest men, and had gone on and built their dam in concrete instead of on paper, the Mussel Bar Company would never have been incorporated." "How so?" queried Gordon; but his sinking heart told him what the answer would be. "I reckon you know well enough, Tom Jeff. There's only the one location for miles in eitheh direction where a dam could be successfully built: those fly-by«-nights had it six yeahs ago, and the Mussel Bar Company has it now." The powerful arc lamps over the near-by construc- tion camp made the Beechford porch almost as light as day, and Gordon shifted his seat so that the colonel should not see the effect of this last bit of information, which, the ironmaster made sure, must be advertising itself in his face. The threatening shadow was now Digitized by Google 216 THE FIRE BRINGERS much more than a shadow. Hernshaw, acting for somebody, Universal Electric or another, had pur- chased the land at each end of the dam, and doubtless for some distance above and below it With the land he had acquired whatever unlapsed rights the Cleghom company of stock-jobbers had owned. The night was refreshingly cool for the time of year, yet Gordon found himself perspiring as though the breeze-swept porch were the hot room of a Turkish bath. In launching the Mussel Bar project the ground of rights and titles had been carefully gone over by Berwick : could it be possible that the shrewd little at- torney had failed to dig deeply enough into this matter of the former enabling act? Was it at all supposabie that a long time limit had been given to the Cleghorn people — a limit that, perhaps, had not yet expired? Gordon felt that he should be unable to draw a full breath until after this tremendous question was answered. At first, his sympathy went out in brotherly fashion toward Corydel. He felt that, in no uncertain sense, the genial idler's plunge into the Mussel Bar battle was a turning point in his life. What would be the effect upon him of a crushing defeat? Would it send him back into the old way of living, careless of every- thing and intent only upon the pastimes? There was ample reason to fear that it might. And Marion Pettus: How much did she know? And if she knew all, did she care? Gordon quickly absolved the colonel. He knew well that the true- i hearted old veteran had taken the reason given for the land-buying in good faith, believing that it was to be used as the sites of future industries. But Hernshaw might have told Marion more. In sheer self-defense Gordon began to talk again. The grilling thoughts, Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR before anything could be definitely verified, were mad- dening. "You were rejoicing over this land sale a few min- utes ago, Cousin Semple," he said, "but if Mussel Bar fails, you will be a poor man. Your stock that you have bought in will share the fate of ours." "I know," was the even-toned reply. "But I'm get- tin' to be a right old man, now, Tom Jeff, with only a little while longer to stay. And with Marion provided for " He stopped abruptly, but Gordon was de- termined to know more. "How is Marion provided for ?" he asked. The colonel had refilled his pipe, and he took time to light it "You've got eyes in yo-uh head, Tom Jeff," he as- serted, between puffs it the pipe. "Young people now- adays are not like they used to be in my day, but Mistuh Hernshaw came to me like a gentleman, before he would allow himself to speak to Marion. I gave him my Messin', Tom Jeff ; I reckon I could do no less v " This was the last straw, and the ironmaster found himself swallowing a curious lump in his throat. But as before under a too-crushing load, he forced himself to go on. "I'm glad we've had this heart-to-heart talk, Cousin Semple, if only for one reason," he began again. "You have been feeling hurt because you thought the board ignored you and went over to the enemy, horse, foot and artillery. I hope you won't feel that way any more. We have taken Corydel in good faith, and until he does something to prove the contrary " "Young Mistuh Corydel is ve'y much of a gentle- man, suh," was the generous interruption. "This is a day of business in a world of business, Tom Jeff, and we needn't look for those clear-cut distinctions of Digitized by Google 218 THE FIRE BRINGERS mine and thine that our fathers and grandfathers taught us to draw. Man to man, I believe Mtstnh Cory del would be magnanimous to a fault* — yes, suh ; magnanimous to a fault. But, as the emissary of Uni- versal Electric— well, Tom Jeff, I suspect he considehs he must fight with the weapons that come to his hand." "Thank you for that " said Gordon gratefully. "Fred Corydel is my friend, and because he is, I am in duty bound to believe him. I can't believe that he is playing a part. But we'll let that go and come to a little matter that ought to be straightened out You said a few minutes ago that your counsel was not asked or desired. You were expected to be present at the directors' meeting which elected Corydel, and which considered, or rather, voted not to consider, Hern- shaw's pttoposal. Henniker stated, before all of us, that he had sent you a notice, personally." "So? That's right singular. I neveh received any notice." "Henniker said he sent it ; from his house, and by a special messenger. Dysart had been trying to get you by 'phone, but your wire was down." "Yes; I remember. So Henniker sent a messenger? — and still I didn't get the notice. It runs in my mind that this wiH bear looking into, Tom Jeff." A soft crunching of gravel under rubber tires cut short the colonel's comment on the singular thing. The automobile party had returned, and in the porch gath- ering which followed, Gordon sat apart, soberly thoughtful. There were disastrous possibilities wrapped up in the sale of the river-fronting acres to Hernshaw, and the ironmaster was far from accepting the explanation which had seemed to satisfy the colonel. Factory sites in the immediate vicinity of the dam might eventually be in demand, but that was a remote Digitized by Google THE MERRY WAR 219 contingency. It said itself that Hernshaw and his backers must have some immediate and more concrete reason for making the purchase. Dropping quietly out of the porch group, Gordon entered the manor house and shut himself into the colonel's "office," the room with the stone fireplace be- fore which Corydel had been warmed back to life on the night of his shipwreck. There was an extension telephone set on the writing-table, and Gordon put in a call for Berwick's house in South Tredegar. Within a few minutes the call was answered, with the attorney himself at the other end of the wire. / Gordon' plunged at once into the matter that would not wait. "This is Gordon speaking — can you hear me well?" "Perfectly," was the prompt reply. "All right ; listen, Richard : I'm talking from Beech- ford. You know all about that Cleghorn Power Com- pany fiasco of six years ago : is there any way in which you can get hold of a copy of the Enabling Act passed by Congress giving the franchise?" "Sure. It's published in the Federal Digest" "And you have that in your library?" "In my library at the office; yes." "See here, Richard; I hate mightily to turn you out at this time of night, but could you drive down and dig out that reference for me? It's pretty important" "Certainly I'll go. What is it you want to know?" "The particular item is the time limit given the Cleg- horn people. When you find out, telephone me at Deer Trace. We'll be going home in a few minutes now." On the drive back to the other side of Gilboa, Gor- don sat alone in the rear seat of Coiydel's fast car, and was thus able to go on wrestling with the new and threatening involvement while his wife and his &uest chattered cheerfully, with the charms of the Digitized by Google 220 THE FIRE BRINGERS Pettus girl cousin for a motif. Upon the arrival at Deer Trace, Corydel begged his hostess to play for him ; and at their immurement in the music-room, Gor- don was free to shut himself into his den; this after he had switched the telephone connection from the house 'phone in the hall to the set on the den read- ing-table. In due time the call came from Berwick's office in town, and the ironmaster snatched the receiver from its hook. "Yes; this is Gordon," he answered. "What did you find out?" "A mighty queer thing," said the distance-minified voice. "Sdmebody must have been asleep at the switch when that Enabling Act was drawn and passed. There is no time limit set for completion. The Act reads — wait a minute until I find the place — it reads: 'Pro-* vided: that work be begun within one calendar year from the date of the passage of this Act'." "Begun!" shouted Gordon. "That's the word. Mighty lucky for us that the Cleghorn people didn't get far enough along to begin on their job, I'll say. Otherwise " "But, Berwick — are you sure they didn't begin?" "Of course they didn't! Wouldn't we have known it if they had? You must be badly rattled to-night, Tom Jeff. Go to bed and sleep it off. I'll see you in the morning. Good-by." Digitized by Google XVIII SELLING ORDERS \ Jt was in this same mid- July evening of disturbing revealments, while Gordon, smoking peace pipes with Colonel Semple Pettus on the broad porch at Beech- ford, was trying to estimate the possible consequences of the colonel's sale of river-bank lands to parties known or unknown, that three men — the same three who once sat over their after-dinner coffee in an upper suite of the Hotel Marlboro — met by appointment be- hind locked doors in the directors' room of the Iron City National Bank in South Tredegar. Of the three, Hernshaw alone seemed to be at peace with the world. On Henniker's florid face the brown patches of a worried man's indigestion had come to stay; and Thorpe, usually master of any situation in which he found himself, was nervously chewing the inevitable black cigar and swinging his great head from side to side as he talked, like a baited animal in a cage. "I'm telling you both that this infernal publicity business has got to be stopped!" he stormed, with a twist of the heavy jaw. "If it isn't, it'll get us, as sure as God made little apples! These dubs, with young Corydel to show 'em how, have found the one sky- rocket that will go high enough tp be seen from the outside." "They are arousing public sentiment, you mean?" queried Henniker dully. "That's it; press-agenting to beat the band. The 221 Digitized by Google / 222 THE FIRE BRINGERS exchanges are full of it every day. Some of the bigger editors are already demanding legislation. They'll get it, too — Federal legislation, at that. Why don't we break in and stop all this frantic yelling for help right now? What the devil are we waiting for?" As once before, in a similar time of stress, Mr. Van- court Henniker began to wash his hands in an invisible wash-basin. "If there is any legitimate way to stop it, I am heartily in favor of the suggestion," he an no u nced. "But, as the president of a financial institution which exists only by protection of the laws 99 "Oh, cut it out!" Thorpe commanded brutally. "Your quiverings give me a pain!" "I don't care !" Henniker burst out in sudden petu- lance. "I won't be dragged into anything illegal! My life has become a burden as it is. In their search for evidence, for something to print, they haven't spared even me! I've been dogged and shadowed and bullied like a criminal!" Thorpe got up heavily and went to try the knob of a door in* the alcove beside the chimney. The knob re- fused to turn. "Where does this door lead to?" he demanded. "It is a coat closet," said Henniker, without looking around "Where is the key?" "I don't know; the janitor has it, I suppose." Thorpe twisted again at the knob, as if to make sure that the door was locked, and went back to his chair. "You were saying that you wouldn't be dragged: we went over that ground once before, if you'll re- member. You're going to wade in as deep as any of us, Henniker; just put that down in your memorandum. Any more telegrams from Corydel senior?* Digitized by Google SELLING ORDERS 223 Henniker shook his head, and Thorpe's leonine face relaxed in a grim smile. "I've often wondered if he found out what you did on the strength of that 'he's raving crazy' line in his first hot wire after you told him what was going on down here." "What / did?" protested the bank president, as one angrily aghast. "Sure — you and Hernshaw. You swore out the warrant for the 'crazy* man's arrest, didn't you?" "I had nothing to do with it — you know I hadn't! You made a most unwarranted use of my name, and I " Thorpe struck a match and relighted the chewed cigar. "The facts are against you. You can't crawfish any when you tie up with me; I'll take good care that you don't get the chance. That telegram from Corydel senior came to you, and the arrest was made upon your application; or, at least, so it appears in the court record" "D— damn you, don't I know it?" shrilled the bitten one. "What?" said the Live Wire owner, with a thick laugh; "and you a vestryman of St. Michael's? But let's get down to business. This yawping and yelling has got to be stopped some way or other. You can take it from me that it's going to count — it has already counted. The town is filling up with young Corydel's racing friends, — second irruption, — and that means more public sentiment, right here under foot These young money bloods have come down to see a fight to a knock-out, but they'll also be the first to raise a howl for fair play. Loosen up, Hernshaw. You've Digitized by Google 224 THE FIRE BRINGERS had the cards up your sleeve all along. Why haven't you played 'em?" The ex-inspector of locks and dams answered snap- pily to his name: "Because 1 haven't been ready." "Are you ready now?" "Practically so." "What's the lay-out?" "It's not for publication." "The hell it isn't!" Then with a pointing finger which might have figured as a suddenly whisked-out weapon: "See here, Hernshaw: you don't play horse with me for a single minute. If you're figuring to leave me out " But Hernshaw refused to be bullied. "So far as my job is concerned, you've never been in; you, or Mr. Henniker, or anybody else," he returned calmly. "As I told you/ at the start, I'm fighting for my own hand. But I came here to-night to do you both a service. What is Mussel Bar stock worth in the open market to-day?" Thorpe sat morosely silent and let the banker answer. "You know as well as we do. Nobody is buying or selling. If young Corydel wins his race, it will go to par, and higher. If he doesn't . . ." Hernshaw's smile was not pleasant "If he doesn't, you two will have to get pretty good-sized checks from somebody higher up to make you break even," he said. Then, with shot-like directness: "You're both hedg- ing; you are both carrying good big blocks of the stock on the chance that Corydel may win. Don't lie; I know what I'm talking about!" "Well, what of it?" Thorpe exploded. "Nothing," said Hernshaw nonchalantly. "You have a perfect right to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds, if you feel like it But I came here Digitized by Google SELLING ORDERS 225 this evening to give you a friendly tip. Unload your Mussel Bar for whatever it will bring, and call it so much money found. And do it quick. After to-mor- row it may be too late. Do you get me?" "Show us," said Thorpe briefly. "I don't have to. You've had your whack at this thing, both of you, and you've balled it beautifully. Luckily, my orders have been such that I didn't have to tie up with you or anybody dse. I've called the turn on young Corydel, and now that it's done I don't mind telling you how it was done. Come closer." Behind the locked door of the coat closet a young man, drenched in perspiration and half stifled by his rebreathings of the dead air of his prison box, crouched and put his ear to the keyhole. But Hernshaw had lowered his voice to a plotter's whisper. The ear at the keyhole caught only detached phrases and words : "Franchise — forgotten — Pettus's mortgage — deeds signed — train-load — on the way, now." Silence; then an oath from Thorpe, and a long- drawn, hissing sound, as of a fat person gasping for breath. Afterward, Thorpe's gritting voice in rageful protest. "Say — you might bluff a handful of pikers with that stuff ; but you can't bluff the whole world, Hernshaw !" Into the gap slipped the smoother tones of the one who had plotted alone. "We're not calling it a bluff, Thorpe. Ace-high is as good as a straight flush if you've got money enough to make the other fellow lie down. And we've got the money." "You have settled with Colonel Pettus?" It was Henniker who asked. "The deal was closed a week ago." "For what amount?" barked Thorpe. Digitized by Google 226 THE FIRE BRINGERS "That is none of your business, but again I don't mind telling you : we paid him at the rate of par for all the Mussel Bar stock which he sold to his personal friends." "Then you've got his stock ?" "No; we didn't want the stock— don't need it It was a cash transaction. 9 ' Thorpe growled out another oath. - "Why did you have to take such damned good care of that old 'has been' ?" he grated. "That part of it is so peculiarly my own affair that I shan't discuss it The reason will become apparent — m good time." Silence again; broken, as before, by the rasping tones of the newspaper owner. "Of course you know that you're only running a ' costly Muff ? That old franchise is safely outlawed." ''Not much! Our people don't do business that way!" "This is one time when they did. The Cleghora Enabling Act runs like all the others— work to be be- gun within a year, and completed within a given period afterward." "Does it? 01 laughed Hernshaw. "Read it over again and see if it does. The conditions were complied with. The work was begun within the year." Thorpe's chuckle was like the grinding of sand be- tween millstones. "Yes ; a dozen men dug a hole in a hillside, and told the natives that they were prospecting for coal!" "It counts, just the same," Hernshaw insisted. "There is at least one man alive who will tell you that it doesn't count," was the jeering retort "Who is that?" Digitized by Google SELLING ORDERS \ 227 "Scammon — the river pilot the Mussel Bar people are holding for the grand jury/ 1 "How does he figure in it?" "He was running a sand dredge at Layne's Bar at the time of the hole-digging, and he took the pick- and-shovel gang down from the city in his kick-boat. I don't know what he did ; he's pretty close-mouthed, as you know to your profit. Being kin to the Rogers Cpve people, who were all up in arms about the Cleg- horn scheme, he was posted on the law. He did some- s thing. A year afterward, when I was going down on an excursion aboard the Tredegar City, he was the pilot. As we were passing the Cove I spoke of the sleeping scheme. 1 can put it to sleep again to stay, if it ever wakes up,' he said; but he wouldn't tell me how." This time it was Hernshaw who swore; and Hen- Hiker's chair creaked heavily. Then Thorpe went on. He was saying something about Hernshaw's luck in having Scammon at feud with the other side, when the young newspaper reporter behind the locked closet door felt himself going, and realized that there is a fixed limit to the number of times one can breathe the same air and still keep a conscious grip on one's faculties. When he came alive again the night janitor of the bank building was dragging him down to the base- ment, and a little later a rush of cool night air from the opened basement door helped him to get afoot. "Gad! I bdieve I must have fainted!" he gasped; and then a piece of money changed hands, and the freed prisoner made a bee-line for the Tribune office. "Hot stuff!" he exulted, bursting into Jackson Whee- lock's den on the upper floor of the tall building. But at the end of the exciting story the editor was shaking his head. Digitized by Google 228 THE FIRE BRINGERS "You've missed fire, Danny, through no fault of your own, though. The thing we need most to know is the thing you didn't hear. We'll hand it to Mr. Corydel in the morning, and maybe he can put some flesh on the bare bones for us. We'll miss an issue, but it isn't worth wiiile to address the ball with a broken driver. Go home and rest up, if you want to. That closet seance was enough to knock you out" Digitized by Google XDC FLUSHING THE COVEY On the morning following his heart-to-heart talk with Colonel Pettus, Gordon accepted a seat in Cory- del's car for the drive to the city, and on the way the disrupting bomb of new developments was fired. "It is all more or less guesswork, as yet," the iron- master qualified, after the tale was told, "but it begins, to look as if Hernshaw may have caught us napping. That ancient Qeghorn project was such a palpable blue-sky scheme that nobody in the present Mussel Bar directory has ever given it a second thought." The fast car, topping the extreme rise in the shoul- der-of-Lebanon pike, came abruptly face to face with a mule-drawn wagon, the mules plodding along in the middle of the road and the negro driver curled up on his seat and fast asleep. Corydel did a marvelous bit of dodging, shaving the ditch on one hand and the wagon hubs on the other by hairVbreadth margins. "You are generalizing now, Tom Jeff," he com- mented quietly, pulling the car back into the road again. "I'm on the directory, and I have thought of it." "You have? I didn't know you'd ever heard of it." The idler's smile was gently reproachful. "Work is the only thing I shy at. For weeks I've been playing Kelly pool and billiards and golf with many of your prominent citizens ; and it doesn't require any great amount of exertion to listen when people talk — or to read a book now and then." 229 Digitized by Google 230 , THE FIRE BRINGERS "You mean? 99 "Yes; I've read this statute-book thing that has stirred you and Berwick up— found it in Berwick's of- fice one day." "But this land sale of the colonel's?" "Oh, yes; I knew about that, too; quite some few days before the deal was consummated." "Great Moses ! and you did nothing to stop it ?" "Why should I? The colonel needed the money — and it's 'enemy' money, isn't it? And the dear old boy made good use of it; trotted around and bought up all the Mussel Bar in sight at par, and so cleared his blessed old skirts of the last suspicion of stock-job- bery." Gordon grinned "You seem to have been listening mighty well. Perhaps you have overheard in some way that the colonel esteems you as a gentleman born — which is the only kind he recognizes — and at the same time believes you to be a villain of the deepest dye." "Sure," said Corydel placidly, with a twitch at the steering wheel which enabled him to miss a stray dog crossing the road in front of the machine. "He thinks I'm a descendant in the direct line of old Mr. Machia- velli himself. No hearsay about that: Miss Marion told me so." "Does she believe it, too?" "Now you've got me, Tom Jeff. I'm hoping die doesn't want to believe it, at least" "You didn't try to convince her that her father is all wrong in his estimate of you?" "Why — no; I thought maybe it might help some in the end if I shouldn't." The ironmaster stole a glance aside at the profile of Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY the imperturbable one; the face he had once said was readable in all of its expressions. "I'm afraid I've been doing you a rank injustice, Fred. I told the colonel, last night, that we all be- lieved you to be an Israelite without guile. I'm be- ginning to think now that possibly I overplayed my hand." The idler laughed joyously. "Ever play chess?" he queried; adding: "I do, sometimes, when no better sport offers. I'm a muffing dub at it, of course; can't plan two moves ahead to save my souL But I've discovered one thing about the noble game : if you'll only wait and watch and look on, and let the other fellow do the planning . . . That's what I've been doing in this game, Tom Jeff ; making obvi- ous and foolish-looking pawn moves while Hernshaw does the grand-stand work." Gordon was shaking his head. "I'm nervous, Fred. It may be that you are fully grasping the possibilities hooked up in this land sale, but to a man up a tree " "To a man up a tree on a desert island it doesn't look that way, you'd say. But I guess I'm doing the grasp- ing act well enough: owning the land fortnerly sold to the Cleghorn people, and inheriting the unexpired Enabling Act, what is to prevent the 'enemy' from walking in and taking possession at any old time? Is that the question that is bothering you? If it is, I can answer it in one word — nothing?" "Good Lord! You can say that and still sit there and steer this car straight?" "Verily," was the light-hearted reply. "Corry Hern- shaw is code-sure he has us knocked out ; that we are down and taking the count That is precisely what I want him to think. If he goes on thinking along that Digitized by Google 232 THE FIRE BRINGERS line, he will doubtless make the queen's move I've been waiting for him to make. From my personal point of view it's — er — rather necessary that he should make that move." "What will the move be?" Gordon asked. Corydel had wormed his way through the early morning traffic of the streets, and was juggling for parking space in front of the Coosa Building. "You'll see — pretty presently now, I think," he re- plied, as he eased the car to the curb and snapped the ignition switch. And with that answer the ironmaster had to content himself. In the high-lifted office on the tenth floor Gordon plunged at once into his mail; and Corydel, choosing, as he always did, the easiest chair in the room, opened the morning paper to glance over Wheelock's daily battle cry. A few minutes later the telephone buzzed, and Gordon answered. As he replaced the receiver, he said: "Something stirring. Henniker is trying to sell his Mussel Bar stock." Corydel looked around his paper at the little time- piece on Gordon's desk and smiled whimsically. "The fat bird is out right bright and early after his money worm, isn't he? Who was telling you?" "Stuart, of the Coosa Security. He was asking if I knew of any reason why he shouldn't buy Henniker's holdings. I told him I'd call him a bit later and give him his tip." "Just so," said Corydel; then, with the whimsical smile still wrinkling at the corners of the boyish eyes : "Most remarkable coincidence. I had a curious dream last night, Tom Jeff : to the effect that Henniker and Thorpe were tumbling over themselves in a mad scam- per to sell their Mussel Bar. You tell Stuart to screw Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 233 'em down to the bottom point, if it takes all day, and then to buy — for my account/' "But he may want it for his own account." "All right : only tell him not to hurry. He'll make money by holding off." Gordon reached for the 'phone, but in the act he paused. "If I give Stuart this buying tip it will be wholly on your say-so, Fred. In the light of this new develop- ment " The idler's laugh was gently derisive. "If I didn't know you so well I should think you are scared out, Tom Jeff. Go ahead and call Stuart. I've got to amble over to the Marlboro. Another Pull- man-load of the chappies blew in last night, and they'll be wanting to get an easy-money bet out of somebody. I wish we had some sort of accommodations down at the dam." "For your betting crowd?" "Yes." "Pshaw!" said Gordon; "they'd stagnate. Better keep 'em in town." A far-away look came into Corydel's eyes. "Tom Jeff, something tells me that to-morrow is going to be the Ides of March— come a little late in the year. I believe I'll see if I can't charter the Trede- gar' City, and let the fellows camp out on her f ora day or so. In that case I may ask you to help me rustle, up a real old negro-mammy cook or two. Need me any more for the day?" "Not unless something newer than the newest breaks loose." "Then I guess I may as well go." His hand was on the doorknob when he turned back to ask a ques- Digitized by Google THE FIRE BRINGERS tion. "Got any sort of a pull with Sheriff Watson, Tom Jeff?" "I helped elect him. Why?" "Go and see him for me and have everything pos- sible done to make Scammon's jail visit comfortable. How about the pilot's bail bond? Has he been able to make it?" "Not yet. Berwick made a point of insisting that the bail be fixed high enough to hold him." '"Will the grand jury indict him?" "Sure thing. His confession settles that** Coiydel held the doorknob for yet another moment "What is the penalty?" he asked, adding: "I don't know much about your laws down here." "It will be heavy. A licensed pilot carries a pretty weighty responsibility." "Too bad!" said Corydel musingly. "You've sur- prised one of my many weaknesses, Tom Jeff ; I can't sufficiently hate the enemy. When I ought to be gloat- ing over the penitentiary prospects of this traitorous boat steerer, I find myself feeling much more like con- niving at his escape. Idiotic, isn't it? Well — so long. I must be ambling." Instead of telephoning, Gordon descended to the bank floor and had a talk with Stuart The mild- mannered president of the Coosa Security nodded understanding^ at Coiydel's message, and added some- thing to the opening record of the day. Henniker's was not the only Mussel Bar stock which was seek- ing a market Several other blocks were offered for sale; notably holdings that were in the hands of some of Thorpe's political followers. "What do you make of this sudden flushing of the covey, Stuart?" Gordon asked. "Candidly, I don't know what to make of it The Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 235 natural inference would seem to be that Universal Elec- tric has us cornered in some way, and that word has been passed to a few insiders." It was on the tip of Gordon's tongue to tell the banker of the new threat, and it was only the drop or two of reticent Scotch blood in his veins that made his reply indefinite. "It looks a bit stormy — with only the Henniker- Thorpe faction breaking for cover. But I believe Corydel knows more than he has told me, or any of us, and he doesn't seem to be disturbed. His orders are positive: to wait and hammer the stock down to the lowest notch, and then to buy — for his account, if you don't care to buy for your own." Having thus fulfilled his mission, the ironmaster got up to go, but, like Corydel in the upper room, he paused with his hand on the doorknob. "I learned last night that a lot of the down-river farmers' stock holdings had lately been transferred to Colonel Pettus. Had you heard that?" he asked. "No." "It is a fact. I had it from the colonel himself." "And you are afraid that if the alarm spreads he will dump his stock on the market?" "No; that is the one thing I'm afraid he won't do, Stuart The old veteran stands to lose pretty nearly everything he has, at best, and I'd be sorry to see him ground between the upper and nether millstones." "Which looks as if you think we may lose out, after all," said the little banker, with a grim smile. "Am I right?" "I don't know, Stuart; and that's the plain truth. But I'm not thinking about myself and my holdings, you understand — it's about the colonel and his. Let me use your 'phone a minute." Digitized by Google 236 THE FIRE BRINGERS The call was put in for the Marlboro, and a re- quest was made that Mr. Frederic Corydel be paged. In less than a minute the familiar tones of the amateur event-maker came over the wire. "This is Gordon," said the ironmaster. "I'm in the tjpnk, and Stuart and I have just been discussing the situation. There is a good bit of the stock offering already. What shall we do if Colonel P. offers his?" "Oh, Lord !" said a plaintive voice at the other end of the wire, "it's perfectly human to overlook some things, isn't it? I've been confidently betting that the colonel wouldn't sell." "But, on the one chance in a thousand, don't you think he ought to sell?" "Still a bit weak in the knees?" laughed the other voice. Then: "What is the present-moment market on the stock?" Gordon asked the banker and then replied. "Offer- ings at forty-five : no sales yet, so far as we know." "All right* Have Stuart get word to the colonel that he can sell at the market, if he wants to. Make it an option good for the day." "Now what does that mean, Gordon?" said the banker, as he made a memorandum of the order. "Nothing; more than that Corydel is willing to bite the Henniker-Thorpe crowd as hard as he can — and isn't willing to bite the colonel. It isn't business ; it's sentiment. But Corydel is a law unto himself. Be- sides, he says he's been betting that the colonel won't try to sell, and I agree with him there. In fact, I can go a step farther without violating any confidences: the colonel is confident that we are fighting a losing battle; in which case he assures me that he will con- sider himself in honor bound to go down with us." Stuart, Northern born and bred, was able to take Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 237 the extrinsic point of view upon things Southern and chivalrous. "Colonel Pettus is a fine example of a vanishing type," he commented, with a little eye-kindling of ad- miration; "the true-hearted, old-fashioned Southern gentleman. I " The interruption was a telephone call, and the banker answered. Gordon turned to go, but Stuart held him with a gesture. At the close of the momentary talk, in which the banker's part was merely a brief "All right," the detaining gesture was explained. "It was Corydel again — with a rather curious pro- posal," said the banker. "He asks me not to telephone the colonel direct, but to make the offer through Hern- shaw. I'll confess I don't know what his object is. Do you?" Gordon shook his head. "I can't imagine. But there is one thing about it, Stuart; Corydel usually knows what he is doing. And another thing is that he has the various string-ends of this complicated tangle of ours in his hands to a far greater extent than any of the rest of us have. If I were you, I should do as he says, unquestioningly." "But what reason can I give Hernshaw for making such a proposal to him, instead of to the colonel?" "I can help you a bit there. Hernshaw is upon the most intimate terms at Beechford; it is an open secret that he wants to marry the colonel's daughter, and I can add a little to that : the colonel has already given his consent to the match — if Hernshaw can make it. Can you see your way now?" "Easily," smiled the little banker. "I'll send for Hernshaw at once." The ironmaster went back to his office puzzling curiously over this latest move of Corydel's. The only Digitized by Google 238 THE FIRE BRINGERS explanation — which was no explanation at all, but rather a hopeful surmise — was that Corydel had estab- lished an inner line of defenses from which he was as yet excluding all of his lieutenants. On the face of them, his decisions seemed to be taken entirety off- hand and on the spur of the moment ; but Gordon was hoping against hope that they might prove to be pro- gressive steps in a well-considered plan. A little past noon Wheelock called up and asked the ironmaster if he could conveniently come to the Tribune office. Gordon assented, and on his way past the bank corner he dropped in for a word with- Stuart. "Any more news?" he asked, when he had let him- self in through the president's counter gate. "A little. Calmaine, Henniker's private broker, has been in twice. His last word was to the effect that his client — no names named — would consider any reasonable offer for his block of Mussel Bar. I told him there was no market, but that if his client would take fifteen, I'd try to find a buyer." Gordon laughed. "From forty-five to fifteen : I hope Henniker had some heart stimulant at hand when Calmaine told him that Have you seen Hernahaw?" "Oh, yes; he came at once when I sent for him. Your prescription worked like a charm. I began by telling him that we all knew his relations with Colonel Pettus — which was why I had called him in: that there was a rather delicate matter to be handled, and that I thought perhaps he could handle it better than any one else. "He agreed with me promptly, and I outlined the situation: certain parties in the city were trying to dispose of their Mussel Bar holdings, and the effort would be pretty certain to break the market before Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 239 the dose of banking hours. I explained that you, and other members of the board were anxious to have the colonel's loss lessened as much as possible, adding that if the colonel were dissatisfied with his invest- ment, I was authorized to offer the market price of forty-five for his holdings ; the offer to hold good dur- ing the day." "He fell for it?" Gordon queried. "He was careful not to let me see that he did. Hernshaw is nobody's fool, Gordon. He sparred around for some little time, trying to worm out more of the details; asked me, among other things, why I didn't communicate with Colonel Pettus direct. At this I side-stepped to the personal relations again, inti- mating that, at the present time, he was closer to the colonel than anybody else, and that, as the colonel's prospective son-in-law, his interest in the matter had been taken for granted." "That got him?" "In a way, it did. I could see that it was a battle between sheer cupidity on one hand, and a shrewd bargainer's distrustful doubt of a move that he couldn't fully understand, on the other." "And the cupidity won?" "That is the inference, you'd say. He asked me to put the offer in writing, and when I did so, he got into his car and drove away." Gordon nodded. "All right ; now we shall see what Corydd has up his sleeve." And with that he went on to the Tribune office. "Ever live out in the cyclone areas?" was the edi- tor's greeting, when the ironmaster had mounted to the hot little den where the brain of the morning journal lived and moved and had its being. "Wdl, I have," Wheelock went on, after Gordon had denied Digitized by Google 240 THE FIRE BRINGERS for himself.^ "We always used to have a few hours' warning: thick, muggy atmosphere; queer gatherings of the clouds; the chickens and beasts hunting shelter; and all that. Every weather sharp knew the signs." "Well?" said Gordon, dropping into a chair at the desk end. "There is a storm of some sort brewing to-day; I can feel it in my bones." "Which is another way of saying that you've got an advance copy of the weather bulletin?" "No; it is more like a news special coming over a half -burned-out relay; a hint here and there, but no connection. Late last night a special train came in over the C. & S. T. — a freight, with box-car sleepers at- tached People out at the Guthrie Forge yards thought it was a circus train, going through to some point farther on. But it hasn't gone yet; and our man Dan- forth 'phoned a little while ago that it was transferring over to the Great Southwestern yards. Also that the box-car sleepers are filled with men — laborers, he thinks." "If Danforth were any good he'd be telephoning you all the particulars," Gordon criticized. "What next?" "Next comes the question I have made you toddle up here to answer — if you can. What is the present condition of the Great Southwestern's extension to Bridgeville?" "It is at a* stand; just as it has been since the time a number of years ago when the company ran shy of building money. The grade is completed most of the way; but the bridge across the river above Mussel Bar has nothing done on it save the concrete pier work." "No track laid?" Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 241 "Nothing but the construction track — which has been washed out in a dozen places." "All right," said the editor. "Then here is the next thing that conies clicking in through our half-burned- out telegraph instrument. In the small hours of the morning, or rather, a little past midnight, a railroad construction train, black with men, was sent out over this abandoned extension. Nobody seems to know where it went, or what for; but the fact remains." Gordon sat back in his chair with eyes half-closed. Since the better part of it was in his own home neigh- borhood, he could easily visualize the abandoned ex- tension. Passing through a gap in the mountains nearly opposite Paradise Valley, it followed the tor- tuous course of the river to a point just above the dam. Here the original plan included a river crossing by means of a drawbridge. What did the sending out of a train-load of railroad laborers on this long-neg- lected track portend? "What is your guess, Wheelock?" he asked, after a time. "I can't guess; I can only ask questions. Is there any possible legal quirk by which Universal Electric could dispossess you folks at the last minute? — drive you out and put their own force on the dam while they threw the contention into the courts?" "Wheelock, I'm afraid there is," said Gordon sober- ly; and thereupon he gave the details of the new in- volvement. When he finished, Wheelock was tickling his bald head with the tip of his pencil. "What you tell me, put with what I've just told you, makes it look a little like battle, murder and sudden death, doesn't it?" he commented. "It certainly does," Gordon agreed; and after a pause: "Corydel is my only hope. I am convinced that Digitized by Google 242 THE FIRE BRINGERS he knows as much as we do — if not more; and he is about the only unrattled man in the outfit to-day." The editor's Weak gaze was fixed upon nothing in particular when he said : "That brings us to something else, Gordon. There is a desperately ugly story going around — in whispers. Some of Scammon's relatives have visited him in the jail. \ The whisper says that he has told some of them what he has refused to tell anybody else — the name of the person who bribed him to wreck the Belle and her tow." "Well?" said the ironmaster. "It's the name of your friend/' Wheelock asserted gravely. "More lies!" Gordon snapped. "I know ; but the whisper makes it look rather plaus- ible. Mr. Corydel is his father's son, after all is said and done. If the fight goes against us now, Universal Electric will take the pot, with the kitty — a hard sum- mer's work on the dam — thrown in for good measure. And young Mr. Corydel, who, as you maintain, holds the key to the situation in his hands, is apparently doing nothing." Gordon jumped up and thrust his hands into his pockets. *You've chased me into a corner, Jackson," he ad- mitted gratingly. "I'm morally certain that Fred knows what is going on — all of it ; and I don't know what he is waiting for. We talked it all over on the way in from Deer Trace this morning, and he said he was waiting for some other move of Hernshaw's. But he wouldn't tell me what it was to be." "Do you know where he is now?" "He's around somewhere with his crowd of New York friends; talked about chartering the Tredegar Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY City for a few days and taking the 'chappies/ as he calls them, down to die dam." "Fiddling while Rome burns, most people would say," the editor offered. Then: "Have you seen Ber- wick?" "No. I've called his office three or four times, but I haven't been able to get in touch with him." "Well; don't forget my cyclone hunch," said the editor, as Gordon turned to go. "And don't leave me out. Keep the wires hot if anything new turns up." The ironmaster promised, and upon leaving the Tribune Building went directly to Berwick's office in the Temple Court. The attorney was not in, and the pretty-girl stenographer did not know where he had gone. Later in the afternoon, Gordon tried again — by wire — but still Berwick was out. At five o'clock the business day closed with a stock quotation. Stuart called Gordon on the 'phone to say that he had just given his check for the bunched offer- ings of Mussel Bar stock which had been fluttering about all day like Noah's dove, finding no resting place for the sole of its foot. And the price which was finally paid was a measure alike of the buyer's ruth- lessness and the sellers' need. Shortly after the early Deer Trace dinner hour, Corydel, driving his fast car, turned up at the Paradise Valley country house. Leaving the car at the gates, he sauntered up the walk to the porch, where Mrs. Gordon was putting the little Ardea to sleep in a hammock, and the master of Deer Trace, a rather anxious day's work safely behind him, was methodically filling his after-dinner pipe, "You do look so comfortably bourgeois, you two," commented the guest, pausing at the steps to be good- naturedly praiseful. "Charming young wife, solid- Digitized by Google 244 THE FIRE BRINGERS citizen husband, handsome kiddy to carry the name along to the next generation, baby girl to go by-by in a hammock, lftzy-chairs, porch, lovely summer evening, and a fine old homestead fop the background How much will you take for it all, Tom Jeff ?" "Not in the market/ 9 said Gordon half-absently. He was remarking the curiously drawn lines of weari- ness beneath CorydeTs smile, and wondering what had caused them. "Well, then, what will you bet that I don't become inoculated and turn bourgeois myself?" continued the good-natured one, mounting the steps to drop heavily into one of the lazy-chairs. "You'll learn, after a while, that you can't get any kind of a bet out of me," grumbled the solid citizen. Then : "What haye you done with your crowd of sport fans?" "What haven't I 'done with them!" chuckled the weary cicerone ecstatically. "I'll lay you ten to one you couldn't guess in a month of Sundays. I've quar- tered them upon good old Murdoch Rathburn— every mother's son of them." "Not at the dam!" "Yea, verily, and even so— at the dam. When I left, four or five hours ago, Rathburn's camp cooks and the chef of the good ship Tredegar City were in solemn conclave, trying to devise some way in which the hun- dred and fifty-odd could be fed." "And you have abandoned them to their fate?" "Truly, I have — temporarily. I had a little busi- ness to attend to in the city; business that wouldn't wait ; so I got Rathburn to let his man drive me across the mountain to catch the three o'clock train from Wilder — that little station where a couple of constables Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 245 once lost their chance of earning a fat fee and getting a free ride to California." "Then you were in town by half -past three?" said Gordon. "You were not looking for me?" "No; I had an appointment with Berwick. I didn't get around to the Coosa Building." "You didn't see Stuart?" "No." "In that case I can give you the news. Stuart waited until the last moment, as you directed. Then he took all the Mussel Bar that was offered — at nineteen and a quarter." " 'The sword of the Lord and of Gideon/ " quoted the amateur softly. "They went in to slay, and were slain. Peace be to the ashes of the eighty-odd per cent they lose." Then: "Colonel Pettus didn't avail himself of the option?" Gordon shook his head. "He hadn't, up to five o'clock. But I knew well enough he wouldn't — and so did you, I think." "There has been no word at all from him, or — or from Miss Marion?" — this with a faint shade of dis- appointment. "None at all to me— or to Stuart" Corydel's sigh may have been another expression of disappointment; or possibly it was only the deep breathing of sheer weariness. "Suffering Scott!" he murmured, "but I have had a day of it with that bunch of scoffers !" Mrs. Ardea was gathering the sleeping child in her arms, and Gordon waited until she had gone into the house before he said : "You do look a bit fagged." "Fagged? — I'm a wreck! They guyed me — heavens and earth, how they did guy me ! Where was the spec- tacular fight to a finish I had been bleating so plaintive- Digitized by Google 246 THE FIRE BRINGERS ly about? Why was it that all the fierce and furious opposition took to the high grass and the tall timber as soon as anybody came along to see it opp. ? Why, in the name of any number of things, did I go on calling it 'The Race of the Fire Bringers,' when there wasn't any fire, or any bringers, or any race visible to the unassisted eye? Even a worm will turn, if you step on it hard enough; and I turned, all right, after so long a time." "What did you do to them?" asked Gordon, only mildly interested in the doings of the sporting fans. "The casual bystander might say that I strung 'em for a pack of grinning apes," the turned worm asserted. "As a last resort, I revamped that story of the Cleg- horn franchise for 'em ; told 'em soberly that Universal Electric was proposing to drop down upon us to-night to take forcible possession; told 'em that was why I had proposed the steamboat trip. Then I took a fresh grip on the joke string and pulled it hard : called for volunteers to help us shoo away the pirates when they should come, and promised grand-stand seats to those who didn't want to mix up in the bloody fray and have a jab at the enemy proper." Gordon's interest was no longer passive. He was studying the face of the story-teller and wondering if any one ever came to know Corydel intimately enough to be quite certain of his real meaning at any given crisis. "They fell for it — oh, by Jove, how they did fall for it!" the amateur plot-maker went on reminiscently. "Every last man of them wanted to reserve a padded rifle pit in the front row of the orchestra. But where were the arms? Then I had to invent some more. I told 'em that, in the nature of things, we wouldn't be without arms in a construction camp away out in the Digitized by Google FLUSHING THE COVEY 247 wilds of a savage wilderness. But when we got down to the dam, and I put Rathburn next, all the armament he could scare up were a few rusty pistols and half a dozen shotguns. Here was a chance for another grand-stand play, and I made it. Told 'em I'd do a sneak into town and send down a fast motor boat with a cargo of rifles and ammunition/ 9 Gordon's gaze was resting upon the waiting speed car at the gate. "And now you are on your way back to tell them that the guns are ordered by wire from New York?" he suggested ironically. "That is one time when you guessed wide," was the gentle retort. "When I go back, I shall tell them that a friend of mine — Norman, by name, — has already left South Tredegar in his power boat, with all the guns that could be spared out of Company B's armory." "Fred! Are you joking now, or have you been in earnest all along? 19 ejaculated the ironmaster, half starting out of his chair. Corydd got up and stretched until his hands met above his head. "I'm calling it a joke," he laughed; "the best joke of the season. I'll bet you twenty to one that those fellows lie on their arms all night long — if they don't get a scare of some sort and think they have to turn out. But I didn't stop off here just to tell you my little romance. I'm going up-stairs to have a bath and a change; after which, if you're both so minded, I'd like to drive you over to the dam. I called the chappies a lot of grinning apes just now, but there are some pretty decent fellows among 'em, and I'd like to have you and the dear lady meet them." Digitized by Google XX "noblesse oblige" When Corydel went in, Gordon lighted the neg- lected after-dinner pipe, and with the tobacco to help, made a thoughtful attempt to evaluate the new and threatening grouping of storm signals looming like minatory shadows behind the thin veiling of CorydeTs far-fetched and seemingly absurd "joke/' Was it at all conceivable that Universal Electric was about to make the warlike move to which Whee- lock's report of the two special trains, and CorydeTs arming of his sporting friends, pointed? And did Corydel really mean to oppose force to force? It seemed grotesquely incredible. True, there had been a time when great corporations, or their more or less irresponsible representatives in the field, had not scru- pled to appeal to force when milder means of gaining their ends had failed. But Gordon was telling himself that civilization had safely outlived that period in in- dustrial history. To the reassuring conclusion, environment added its soothing spell. It had been a hot, clear-skied, midsum- mer day in the city, but now the sun was setting in a glory of thunder-heads over* farther Gilboa, and the never-failing evening breeze was beginning to stir the leaves in the backgrounding Lebanon forest. Up- stairs, Aunt Juliana, the old negro mammy, was put- ting little Caspar to bed, and her crooning lullaby came 248 Digitized by Google "NOBLESSE OBLIGE" to the ears of the thoughtful smoker on the porch by way of the open windows : "Swing low, sweet char-i-ut — comin' for to ca'y me home; ^Swing low, sweet char-i-ut— comin' for to ca'y me ho-o-me !" Gordon's gaze went afar to the foot ridges of Gil- boa, boundary of the sea of summer greenery to the north and west. From its elevation above the valley level, the Deer Trace porch afforded panoramic glimpses of the white limestoned pike, as it wound among the valley homesteads on its way to the Dan's Gap ascent. On one of the longer readies a full mile away the ironmaster saw a tittupping dot moving east- ward ; saw, and subconsciously anathematized a horse- man who was apparently hard-hearted enough to gallop his mount in hot weather. A few minutes later the flying dot came into view on the nearer stretches of the pike, and its progress among the orchards of the farmsteads could be traced by the thin nimbus of white dust rising above the tree- tops. Some one riding in haste for a doctor, Gordon assumed; and then he remarked that the rider had already passed the house of Doctor Williams, Paradise Valley's beloved physician for the better part of two generations. It was not until the galloping steed was clattering up to the Deer Trace gates that the pipe-smoker on the porch saw that the hastening rider was a woman. At the gate she dismounted nimbly, tossed the bridle reins over the hitching post and came running up the foot- path. Gordon sprang up to meet her; and on the top step she tripped, stumbled, and fell into his arms. "Why, Marion, girl! — what's gone wrong?" he de- manded anxiously. Digitized by Google 2$o THE FIRE BRINGERS She sank ipto the nearest chair and began to fan herself with her riding hat. "Just a minute, Cousin Tom — until I get my breath!" she panted; "Buford has just abdut shaken it all out of me!" And when the minute had been given and taken: "Where is Mr. Corydel?" "He is here — up-stairs." "And Ardea?" "She is putting little sister to bed/' "You heard nothing before you left the dty?" "About what?" "About the dam, and the frightful, horrible thing that Daddy has done." "It has been a rather tense day in town, I'll admit; but, so far as I know, your father wasn't responsible for any of the tenseness." The pretty post-rider fanned herself again. "Then you don't know I" she gasped. "The Mussel Bar Com- pany is ruined — smashed; and Paddy was the one who did it!" Gordon sat down and struck a match to relight bis pipe. "Take your own time," he counseled; adding: "I don't believe you can tell me anything more than your father voluntarily told me last night. And he is quite blameless." "We are not blameless, Tom Jeff ; neither Daddy nor I. We've simply been blind; or rather he has, while I— I have waited too long. Poor old Daddy ! He says now that he can never look any of you in the face again. And I was afraid I wasn't even going to get a chance to come and tell you: they — they chased me, you know." "Chased you? Who chased you?" N "Two men who came over to Beechford this morn- Digitized by Google "NOBLESSE OBLIGE" 251 ing with another man \ whose name I never want to speak, or to hear spoken, again!" — this with a light- ning-flash of anger in the brown eyes. "They were hired* ruffians, set to watch Daddy and me ; left behind, when the other man went away, to keep us from giving the alarm. They stopped me — threatened me — when I tried to go down to the camp to find Mr. Rathburn. We were prisoners in our own house !" Gordon laid his pipe aside and his face darkened. "So! — it came to that, did it? Go on and tell me about it." "It was just before luncheon that I tried to go to the camp. Ever since that time I've been trying to get away, or to send word; to you, or to our people at the dam. We were cut off completely; no telephone, and the servants were not allowed to stir out of the house. We saw the Tredegar City come down the river about two o'clock, and I hoped Mr. Corydel was on it. He said last night that he was expecting to bring a lot of his New York friends down on the boat to-day. I hoped he'd come up to the house, but he didn't." Gordon was able to explain the omission. "Fred was due back in the city to keep an appoint- ment, and Rathburn let one of his men motor him across to Wilder by the lower road to catch the after- noon train. But let's have the rest of it." "After the Tredegar City tied up at the camp land- ing, and Mr. Corydel didn't come, I thought maybe some of the young men might come to the manor house. But, of course, they didn't; none of them knew us. Then I saw that if anything was to be done, I'd have to do it myself. I tried to slip away in our car, but the two spies had done something to it, and I couldn't start the motor. I waited as long as I dared, and then stole Digitized by Google 252 THE FIRE BRINGERS out the back way while the men were smoking on the front porch, saddled Buford, and got him out to the road through the corn-field. The men saw me and came after me in our car. I ran poor Buford all the way up to the Gap, but they would have caught me if they hadn't run the car into the guard stones dn the W below the Gap and smashed it" Gordon was leaning forward in his chair and the veins in his forehead were beginning to stand out like small whipcords. "These two men/' he said; "would you know them if you should see them again, Marion ?" • "I should think so I Haven't I been seeing them all day?" "Good: we'll settle with them a little later. Now go back a bit, if you please, and tell me how all this raffle started. Where was your cousin Lauralee? And why should you and your father be kept prisoners?" "Lauralee had gone to spend the day with the Bel- tons, across the river — Mr. Rathburn took her over early this morning in one of the launches. And Daddy and I were to be held incommunicado because, as I have said, we have smashed you and everybody con- nected with the Mussel Bar Company, and we were not to be allowed to tell you how and why." The ironmaster's square jaw came up with a vin- dictive snap. "So Hernshaw has shown his hand at last, has he?" The colonel's daughter drew herself up very straight, and again the brown eyes were flashing. "Listen, Tom Jeff: he came over this morning; on business, he said. Part of his business was practically to order Daddy to sell all of his Mussel Bar stock quickly; he said if it wasn't sold before the close of banking hours to-day, it wouldn't be worth the paper Digitized by Google NOBLESSE OBLIGE" 253 it was printed on. Of course, Daddy refused point- blank ; rose up in his dear old majestic wrath and told Mr. Mephisto exactly what he thought of anybody who would desert a sinking ship in that way, and how much less he thought of a person who would suggest such a thing to him — a Pettus." Gordon nodded. "I can imagine/' he assented. "Then it all came out in an angry rush. Daddy, it seems, is nothing ^but a chivalrous old fool — in the eyes of an up-to-date money-getter from the North. The Mussel Bar Company was about to lose its rights, definitely and permanently; and that within the next twenty-four hours. More than that, it was Daddy who had made the coup possible — by selling the river-bank lands which carried with them an unexpired franchise for a dam, so making the Mussel Bar Company a tres- passer to be evicted at the pleasure of the new owners. He didn't explain how you were to be evicted, but Daddy thinks the railroad people are helping in some way. There have been a lot of men working all day up at the old bridge crossing above the dam— on the abandoned railroad track." "Heavens and earth!" Gordon exclaimed; "Hern- shaw was silly enough to tell your father all that?" "M-m — maybe it wasn't altogether silliness," was the half-embarrassed admission. Then in a sudden rush of cousinly ingenuousness: "Oh, Tom Jeff — don't you think I've had a horribly narrow escape? You know what people have been saying, about — about this man and me. It wasn't quite true, though Daddy really wanted it to be true. This morning, before he went into the office to see Daddy, you know, he had asked me, for the fourth time, to marry him . . . and for the fourth time I had managed to say No." "Ump!" said Gordon; "that was why he lost his Digitized by Google 254 THE FIRE BRINGERS head and spilled things all over the place, was it? But about your narrow escape : I don't believe you've been in any great danger at any time. I've had a sneaking idea all along that you had some good reason of your own for keeping Hernshaw in tow — so to speak." The clear-eyed young woman in riding clothes leaned across the arm of her chair and the ripe lips shaped themselves to whisper: "Closer, Cousin Tom — and you must never tell a living soul I did have a reason. Call it intuition, or anything you please, but something told me that, sooner or later, I should come to know the real man behind the mask that was deceiving Daddy !" "Good for you, little cousin I" said Gordon warmly. "Is your father convinced now?" "Convinced ? Goodness me ! For a little while after he had been told how he had been tricked into selling your birthright — and his own — the air was simply blue) Daddy is suoh a punctilious old dear — so easy- going and good-natured with everybody — that I'd en- tirely forgotten that he still has the Pettus temper. I had fairly to stop my ears and run away. In the end, Daddy ordered Mr. Mephisto out of the house; told him he'd shoot him like a mad dog if he ever showed his face at the door again." "Which was altogether right and proper," Gordon approved. "I've known Corwin Hernshaw for quite some little time, and so has Fred Corydel. He is the kind of man who doesn't let the dogs put his birds up for him ; he shoots them sitting. Of course, neither Fred nor I could say anything so long as your father believed in him and loyally refused to listen. But we've been hoping all the time that the scamp would some day slip a cog and show himself in his true colors." "Let's not talk about him any more: I never want Digitized by Google "NOBLESSE OBLIGE" . 255 to hear his name again. He is only an incident, but this thing he has plotted for is terrible. Tell me, Tom Jeff : can anything be done? Or is it too late?" "It is never too late to mend," came in a gentle voice from the open door behind them. "May I ask who did what, and why it may be too late?" Gordon looked up and flung himself promptly into the breach. "Come out here, Fred, and talk to Marion for a minute while I go and see if Ardea is ready to ride with us," he said And to the one who was to be talked to: "We had just been planning to drive over to Beechford when you came. I'll have the house boy take Buford around to the stable and rub him down, and you'll go home in the car withes." With Gordon out of the way, Corydel dropped into the vacated chair. "Tom Jeff says I'm to talk to you for a minute . . . I hope it will be a woman's minute, because I — I've rather a lot to say, you know." "What do you mean by a 'woman's minute' ?" "Oh, anything up to half an hour. Bess's minutes are fully that long — when anybody is waiting for her to get ready to gb somewhere. Er — how did you leave your good father?" "Angry; oh, very, very angry," was the demure reply. "ReallyFy-not at me, I hope." "Oh, dear, no; it's quite the other way around. I think he is most anxious to have the chance of apolo- gizing to you." "But be doesn't owe me an apology !" "I am sure he believes he does — and a pretty abject one. "For just what, if I may ask?" Digitized by Google 2$6 THE FIRE BRINGERS It was here that new-woman straightforwardness came to the rescue. "Let's not play blind man's buff, Mr. CorydeL How long had you been standing in the doorway before you spoke to Tom Jeff and me just now? 9 "Pledge you my word! Honestly, I wasn't eaves- dropping!" "You don't know why I am here?" "I know I'm mighty glad to have you here." "That isn't answering my question." The idler's smile was innocently bland. "Perhaps I might 'Sherlock' it: you are in riding clothes, and your tired horse," — with a wave of his hand toward the head-hanging, stumbling thorough- bred which the house boy was leading up the driveway, — "and the dust on your boots, tell me that you have ridden fast and far. Shall we say that your Beech- ford telephone is once more out of commission, and that you felt obliged to ride over and tell Tom Jeff something very important?" "Not only Tom Jeff," she cut in quickly. "It con- cerns you, too. They are going to try to take the dam away from you. I don't know how or when; but it is to be done." "And you came all the way from Beechford to tell us about it?" "It was the least I could do. Daddy — poor Daddy ! — has sold you out ; not dreaming what he was doing. It was a wicked plot, and — and we are forever shamed and disgraced !" Corydel leaned forward in his chair and took the hand that lay nearest to him. "Nothing like that— nothing at all like that!" he has- tened to say. "I've known about it all along. Though I suppose I'm still a harmless and unnecessary grass- Digitized by Google NOBLESSE OBLIGE 5 hopper, I've been acquiring some of the — er — the in- quisitive habits of the restless but highly necessary ant. We may be down — over yonder at Mussel Bar — but ure are not yet down for the count — if I may be pardoned for using the box-fighter's term. Does that comfort you a bit?" "It would comfort me a great deal if I could only believe it — the possibility, I mean." The imprisoned hand, which was making no very violent effort toward a jail delivery, was trembling a little, but that might have been because it was her bridle hand, and the thoroughbred's mouth was hard. "You may believe it, absolutely," he assured her; "that is, unless the kindly gods become suddenly un- kind and conspire to turn their backs upon us at the last moment. And now I wonder if — er — you'd con- sent to comfort me a bit. Is the— er — the arch plotter finally known for what he really is?" She nodded. "Thanks, awfully. And you're not — forgive me, but I've simply got to be brutal, because the time is — er — so beastly short — you're not going to marry him ?" Most properly, the imprisoned hand made violent efforts to free itself at this, but the jail clasp still held it fast "The idea!" she said; and then: "Tom Jeff and Ardea are coming — I hear them on the stairs ! Please don't make me look silly, Mr. Corydel. Because I'm not one, you know." "Not one what?" "A — a fortune hunter: that is what he called me when he — when I " He reached over and captured the other hand. "Listen, Marion, dear," he whispered. "Those two miserable marplots — Tom Jeff and Ardea — are coming Digitized by Google 258 THE FIRE BRINGERS down the stairs, just as you say, but you've got to listen : J am the fortune hunter, and I've been scared batty for fear I wasn't going to be able to make Cony Hernshaw commit suicide, and that my fortune was going to be snatched away from me. Tell me that it isn't — that you are going to take pity on an idle, buzzing grasshopper who hasn't known any better than to When the Gordons came out a moment later, the ironmaster helping his wife into her dust-coat, two young persons who looked as if they might have been discussing the weather probabilities, and catching, per- haps, a bit of the ruddy sunset reflection in their faces, rose to meet them. "Well?" said Corydd, with the air of a pinch- hitting entertainer who has done his best, "are we all set to go and spurn the dust of the highway with the pussyfooting old rubber tires? If there are no ob- jections — and I hear none — let's be toddling along." In the seating in the four-passenger car, it was the young matron who contrived to put Miss Pettus beside the driver. But there were small crumbs of comfort for a match-making soul in the maneuver which left the married pair to occupy the rear seat Once out upon the white pike and headed westward, Corydd bent over the wheel and drove like the famed son of Nimshi; and no daughter of the Puritans could have been more circumspectly self-contained than the daugh- ter of the Cavalier Pettuses. The dusk had fallen by the time the fast car topped the summit of Dan's Gap, but Corydd had not yet switched his lights on. BdOw the Gap, on the river side of the mountain, a series of short grades, zigzag- ging like a letter "W," and protected on their down- mountain edges by lines of stone posts, led to the Digitized by Google NOBLESSE OBLIGE 1 easier gradients of the talus slope. On the lowest kg of the "W" a stopped car, headed up-hill, was af- fectionately nuzzling the line of balustrading posts, and two men, one of them holding a flash-light for the other, were working over it Gordon leaned forward and spoke guardedly to CorydeL "Stop for a minute when you get opposite that stalled car/' he directed. "I think those fellows are needing something that perhaps we can supply." What happened when the fast car was suddenly brought to a stand beside the derelict needed only day- light, and a camera man and his equipment, to make it a climax dear to the heart of the moving-picture fans. At the brake-shrilling instant, the big-bodied ironmas- ter jumped from the running-board and hurled himself upon the car-repairers. Punctuating a fierce medley of Mows, kicks, cuffs and yelping oaths, came the Gordon growl: "You'd chase a lady, would you!" — biff — bang! "A rope and a tree-limb is what you need!" — whack — smash! "When I get through with you " heave — crash ! When it was over — and it lasted only while Corydel was hastily setting the emergency brake, and wrench- ing at a sticking door catch — the two men who had broken the deathless tradition of the South had dis- appeared over the steep road edge, buffeted and tossed to a tumbling descent into the tree-tops below, and Gordon, breathing hard, was climbing back to his seat beside his wife. "That's that!" he gritted, "and I hope I've broken every bone in their bodies! Drive on, Fred, and we'll see if there are any more of them down at the manor house!" Then, answering a tremulous query from Corydel's seatmate: "Hurt? Bless your heart, no! It's the other fellows who got hurt" Digitized by Google XXI A CHIP OF THE BLOCK There was a select company of a dozen or more of CorydeTs bond-buying race promoters gathered on the broad Beechford porch at eight o'clock, at which hour a discordant chorus of construction-camp whistles was signaling the change from the day- to the night-shift; and a few minutes later the dam-building industries, with fresh hands at the levers, were entering upon another lap in the strenuous race against time. Of the enthusiasts two or three had attached them- selves to the colonel, finding their pleasure in hearing him recount an old man's recollections of an older South. However much the white-haired master of Beechford had been disturbed during the day f he was now evidently at peace with the world, at least so far as his ability to play the part of the genially hospitable host was concerned. At the hammock end of the porch there was a stronger center of attraction, with the better part of the dozen or more forming a joyous circle, of which Marion Pettus and the pretty Alabama cousin, lately ferried from the opposite bank of the river by Mur- doch Rathburn, were the nucleus. Having done his full duty as his friends 9 sponsor and introducer, Corydel had drifted out of the light- hearted circle at the upper end of the porch, drawing Gordon along with him. Evading the smaller group, the amateur led the way to a couple of chairs at the 260 Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 261 farther end of the tile-paved terrace, from whence there was an unobstructed view of the up-river distances. An evening thunder-storm in the mountains had left a high-lying mist in the upper air, through which the moonbeams came in a pale gray glow suggesting an arrested twilight. In its brief course the storm had followed the general direction of the river in reverse, and the eastern horizon was still piled high with thunder-heads to stand out in masses of pink or molten- metal white in the almost continuous shimmering of the lightning. Now and then a sustained flash would bring out the gray concrete piers of the uncompleted railroad bridge a mile away ; and while the river reaches could be seen quite distinctly, the forested mountains on either hand were cloaked in the blackest shadow. Cory- del turned his back upon the searchlights and masthead arcs of the camp and the dam, and gazed fixedly into the momentarily illuminated up-river vistas. "Such a day!" he murmured half-abstractedly. "And one might say that the nib of it is yet to come." "Have you had it out with the colonel yet?" Gordon asked "The dear old saint has had it out with me. Miss Marion made the opportunity — while you and the dear lady were meeting the fellows here on the terrace. It came mighty near being a tearful occasion. The good old Spartan insisted that he owed me any kind of reparation I might demand ; said that, led on by Hern- shawls lies, he had been shamefully wronging me right from the start. The little Alabama girl blundered in upon us just then, and I was right glad. In another minute he would have had me weeping." "Does he still think he has unwittingly done us up?" "Oh, yes; and we're to take Beechford, and every Digitized by Google 262 THE FIRE BRINGERS dollar and every acre he has, to make good some small part of our loss." "Like Zeke we will!" growled the ironmaster. And then: "How much have you really got up your sleeve, Fred? Are you expecting Norman and the Vixen? 9 ' Corydel did not answer the direct question ; instead, he put one of his own : "Don't I hear a noise like the screech a locomotive makes when it is blowing off steam?" "Huh! I should say that you might hear anything you happen to be listening for — with Rathburn's mechanical orchestra playing all the tunes in the hurry book down there on the river." There was a pause and then Corydel put a hand on Gordon's arm. "Get the location of those bridge piers in the next flash of lightning, and then look steadily into the woods about where the railroad embankment must be on the bridge approach: Now— can't you fancy that you see little yellow lights moving about among the trees?" Gordon looked as directed, and saw the lights quite plainly; pine-knot torch flares, he judged them to be. One of them grew suddenly to the magnitude of a beacon; and above the suffused glow of it appeared the outlines of a steamboat apparently about 'to make a landing. Gordon knew the small river flotilla in every home-built bottom of it; indeed, like many of his fellow townsmen, he was a shareholder in the single rher transportation line. "Since the Belle is sunk, and we have the Tredegar City down here, that must be the River Queen," he said thoughtfully. "I wonder what she's doing up there at the bridge? She is evidently making a land- ing at that light" "Yes," Corydel agreed calnlly. "And the light is Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 263 just about where a train would have to stop if it came out over the construction trade of the extension. Can't you make yourself believe that you can hear my loco- motive now, Tom Jeff?" His words hinted at another mystery/ and Gordon was by this time exceedingly impatient of mysteries. "You know a lot more than you've been spilling to any of us, Fred," he snapped. "Isn't it about time you were turning some of it loose ?" "It will turn itself loose very shortly now," was the quiet rejoinder. "But as for the facts, I think you know them about as well as I do. Hernshaw claims to have bought the land covering the old Cleghorn fran- chise. Since that presumably makes us rank tres- passers, he is probably coming down here to take pos- session." "But why the steamboat and the railroad, and all this moonlight mystery?" "I can only offer a guess as to that. He probably has a force of men big enough to make might seerq like right Perhaps he thought it wouldn't be the part of prudence to embark this force at the South Tredegar wharf in broad daylight, so he has had it brought down here over the abandoned extension. It isn't well to ad- vertise these little capitalistic moves until after they have been well pulled off, you know." "My Lord!" Gordon gritted; "you can sit there like a bump on a log and smoke cigarettes while this thing is actually getting ready t*> drop on us?" The idler laughed softly. v "Could I swim up there and stop that steamboat with frantic cries? Miss Marion once said I was a useless grasshopper: can you fancy a grasshopper doing anything like that? Never mind. Just keep your weather eye on the river above the bridge piers Digitized by Google 264 THE FIRE BRINGERS while that steamboat is taking on its load of go-getters, and maybe you can get a bet out of me as to what is likely to happen before something else happens." The steamboat had made its landing, and there were more lights to appear on the shore. Behind the watch- ers j at the terrace end the social brook babbled on cheerfully. Bartlett junior was telling his stock story Of his adoption by the Indians on an Idaho hunting trip, and the clear, bell-toned laugh of the pretty Ala- bama cousin rippled joyously upon the frivolous cli- maxes. Nearer at hand, little Stanley was dextrously leading the colonel into pleasant byways of reminis- cence, and Bragg's retreat from Stone's River was living again in the mellow memories of the master of Beech ford Suddenly Gordon's mind became blank to the small social distractions. Far up the river, beyond the line of bridge piers, a winking electric light had flicked into view. Momently it grew steadier and brighter, and before long the pattering exhaust blasts of a rapidly driven power boat could be faintly heard. "Norman and the Vixen, at last," Corydd announced calmly. "I hope he squeezes by our torch-holding friends up yonder without accident." "You're afraid he won't?" said Gordon. "There are always chances that your carefullest twice two won't make four in this uncertain world, Tom Jeff; haven't you often remarked that? If those fellows on the River Queen happen to know what kind of a crew and cargo the Vixen is carrying — and there is a fair possibility that they do Still, we'll hope for the best. Homicide, or even the risk of it, is a pretty serious thing, one would say." From the position of the oncoming headlight it was evident that the power boat's wheelman was steer- Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 265 ing for the channel between the circular draw-pier and the left-hand hank. But suddenly the winking light veered away toward the opposite shore and came rush- ing down-stream between two of the farther piers. As it sheered off, half a dozen tiny flame spurts leaped out from the riverward side of the moored steamboat, and a far-away dissonance, like a clapping of plank upon plank, jarred upon the air. "By Jove! they got him!" exclaimed Corydel in an excited whisper. "His engine's gone!" Unquestionably, something ljad happened. The minified thunder of the power boat's multi-cylinder exhausts had stopped abruptly, and the sudden steady- ing of the electric headlight proved that the boat was drifting. Colonel Pettus, with little Stanley and the two others who had been listening to the Civil War reminiscences, came to stand behind the two watchers at the terrace end. "Didn't I heah rifle shots?" demanded the old war- rior. "What's going on up there, Tom Jeff ?" But it was Corydel who slipped in with an explana- tion that hardly explained. "It is a motor boat com- ing down. Something has happened to put her engine out of commission," he said, with what seemed to the ironmaster an overdoing of careless disinterest. "Yes; but" — the colonel was shading his eyes from the glare of the camp masthead arcs and peering at the signals and torch flares in the up-river vista — "yes, but what is that up there at the bridge site? It's a steamboat, isn't it? And it's putting off. Is this an- other surprise party of yo-uhs, Mi6tuh Corydel?" "Not mine, this time, Colonel Pettus," Corydel re- plied hastily. Then in a whisper to Gordon, who was standing at his elbow: "Get down to the camp and Digitized by Google 266 THE FIRE B RINGERS tell Rathburn to turn out his day shift, quickly; there isn't a minute to lose!" After which he turned back to the colonel. "As I say, I shall have to plead 'not guilty/ this time. I'll confess that I meant to make it my surprise, but that crippled motor boat engine is gumming' things up a bit If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go down to the good ship Tredegar City and tell the fellows that the joke is on me/' Swinging himself lightly over the terrace balustrade, the apologist disappeared in the lawn shrubbery; and Stanley, making a similar brief excuse, copied Cory- del's exit By this time the hammocks and chairs at the other end of the porch were deserted ; the up-river mystery claiming the attention of all. The dimly out- lined steamboat had cleared the bank and was com- ing on down-stream, black smoke pouring from its stacks to leave an inky trail against the pale glow of the misty moonlight As nearly as the porch onlook- ers could determine, the power boat had gone aground on a sand bar. At all events, the steamboat was leav- ing it behind It was the colonel's daughter who freed the Beech- ford contingent of sport enthusiasts. "If you gentlemen want to go down to the camp, please don't let us hold you on the side-lines," she said ; and the racing procession down the hill immediately strung itself out like a free-for-all at a track meet. Among the camp shacks at the river's side the men of the shift which had just gone off duty were turning out tumultuously at the summons of the chief of con- struction, and the foremen were calling in as many of the night shift as could be reached by passing the word from man to man. Down on the landing barge Corydel had hastily called a council of war, with the leading Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 267 spirits of the hundred and fifty race promoters par- ticipating. "It's a court injunction," the amateur was explain- ing, as Bartlett junior, breathless from his run down from the manor house, pushed into the circle. "Hern- shaw is bringing a gang of strong-arms— deputies, he will call them — to back up the court officer who will serve the writ, and a whole train-load of laborers to chase our men off the job. He can't make the legal end of it stick, but he may, and probably will, make the hold-up last long enough to kill, our chance of winning out We were ready for him — or we should have been, if he hadn't ordered his gun-men to fire on that motor boat and stop it." "Cut out the descriptive, Freddie, and just tell us what's to be done," Stanley broke in. "We're game; guns or no guns. What's your notion?" "The first thing is to find a go-craft of some sort— the fastest launch that Rathburn has — and tow that power boat in." "Me for the towing job," said Bartlett junior, drag- ing Rathburn off to go in search of a launch. "The next thing is to keep th£ buccaneers on that steamboat from landing on us before we're ready for them," snapped Corydel. "Those papers mustn't be served, and our men mustn't be chased off the job. Possession is nine points of the law in this case, and if they once get their claw-hold, we're gone. That's what I wanted the guns for. They'll make a show of force; they've been getting ready for it all day. We've got to bluff them barehanded until Barty gets in with that power boat and the arsenal; and after that, we've got to hold them off until we can hear from a gentleman „ named Berwick, who ought, by now, to be on his way in the fastest car his money could hire." Digitized by Google 268 THE FIRE BRINGERS "We'll do it!" barked little Stanley. "Come on, fel- lows ; let's get aboard and put the gopd ship Tredegar City in a state of defense." By this time the day men were crowding the low river bank, and a chosen company of them, armed with pick-handles and led by one of Rathburn's as- sistants, was scrambling down to the landing barge. In the great back-water pool formed by the nearly completed dam, the River Queen was circling to port to make a landing at the few feet of wharfage not already occupied by the Tredegar City. The small available space compelled the landing to be made head- on, directly across the bow of the moored steamer. There was no lack of light to enable the maneuver to be made successfully; the thickly set masthead arcs in the camp and on the dam struck out even the smallest objects with midday distinctness. As the invading steamboat swung to the push of its double rudders and its huge stern wheel hung motion- less at the jangling signal of the pilot's bell, the de- fenders, swarming upon the landing barge and upon the low river bank, saw that the ex-inspector of locks and dams had not come short-handed. The Queen's boiler deck was thronged with men, and an overflow was crowding the rail on the cabin deck. Out forward the spar-swung landing-stage was already in po- sition, with a group of armed men at its heel ready for the rush ashore when the gap should be closed. Upon taking the word from Corydel, Stanley had quickly mobilized his outpost forces on the Tredegar City. While the Queen was still circling in mid-stream the bows of the moored steamboat were hastily bar- ricaded and manned, and over the top of the make- shift barrier appeared a bristling row of dummy guns; snatched-up pieces of iron pipe, crow-bars, broom- Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 269 handles, anything that might figure for the attackers as gun-barrels. The hurried preparations for defense were still in process when the engine-room bells of the incoming Queen jingled the "hold-water" signal. Gordon, anx- iously scanning the up-river reaches for some sign of Bartlett cm- the Vixen, turned to see Corydel staring like a petrified figure of astoundment — not at the mob thronging the Qpeen's fore-deck, nor yet at the man poising for the leap ashore from the outboard end of the landing-stage — but at two rain-coated men stand- ing on the high hurricane deck just below the pilot- house. One of the high-perched onlookers Gordon recog- nized as Bond Sefton, captain of the Queen. The other ... he looked again at the thick-set, square- shouldered figure; at the hale, ruddy face with its white mustaches: the newspapers of the nation had made the face familiar even to those who read as they run, and Gordon no longer wondered at CorydeTs pet- rified stare. But there was little time for surprise or sympathy, and none at all for words. The Queen was inching in, deftly helmed and swinging slowly to her own mo- mentum. Leister, the pilot, so the rivermen said, had been born with the spokes of a steering wheel in his hands, and no man on the river could have placed the clumsy stern-wheeler more accurately and gently in the narrow, bows-on berth which was the only landing chance. Hernshaw, in his place on the outboard end of the landing-stage, maintained a grim silence until his pro- jecting perch was fairly within leaping distance of the shore barge. Then he cleared the gap, yelling to his followers as he jumped, and apparently overlooking, I Digitized by Google 270 THE FIRE BRINGERS or ignoring, Stanley's sham battery on the fore-deck of the Tredegar City. The leap, and the command to "Come on!" were both a little premature. While the ex-inspector was still in the air, so to speak, Stanley sprang upon the barricade and trained a length of bent gas-pipe, not upon the crowded fore-deck, but at the solitary figure grasping the spokes of the wheel in the pilot- house of the Queen. "Back your engines — back 'em, I say, or you're a dead man!" he shouted; and since psychology counts for something in the human scheme, and mere sud- denness may sometimes overturn that which might suc- cessfully resist the premeditated heavings of a giant, the veteran pilot lost his head and dragged frantically at the backing bell-pull. At the raucous clangor of the signal bell the huge stern wheel began to thrash the muddy current in reverse; and, by the time Hernshaw had alighted upon the landing barge, and had recovered from the shock which nearly flung him into the arms of its defenders, his followers were out of reach. Thereupon, the ne- cessity being urgent, a tempest of fierce shouting arose. Hernshaw, balancing upon the stringpiece of the land- ing barge, was bellowing to call his army back; the captain of the Queen was storming profanely at his pilot; and, not to be left out, little Stanley was yelp- ing his warning and pouring out threats lurid in in- verse proportion to the means at hand for their carry- ing out. It was a sudden shot from the stringpiece of the landing barge — a shot at the crack of which Stanley tumbled from the barricade — that stopped the vocal clamor. With a cry of rage, Corydel darted at Hern- shaw, but Gordon came between. "No," he interposed; Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 271 "we'll see that he gets what is coming to him." And theh in a lower tone : "Colonel Pettus is here, and the Vixen is in." Corydel drew back. "I shan't kill you with my own hands, Hernshaw," h$ rapped out, speaking so that all might hear. "But if you have killed little Stanley " "Little Stanley isn't killed," called a voice from be* hind the sheltering barricade; and the voice was mar- velously like Stanley's own. "But you may give it to him straight, Freddie; I felt the wind of the bullet, all right." Sharp as the crisis was, with Hernshaw still menac- ing all and sundry with his loaded weapon, and the pilot of the Queen trying once more to make a landing, Corydel nevertheless took time to light a cigarette. There was a bumping of small boats against the lower end of the landing barge, and a stir in the crowd of workmen, with Rathburn in the thick of it. Across his lighted match Corydel saw a line form quickly to the side of the Tredegar City — saw brown-barreled weapons passing swiftly from hand to hand to the gar- rison on the steamer's fore-deck. More reassuring, still, he saw a frock-coated little man, white with the dust of a furious automobile race, getting himself handed down from the river bank to the deck of the landing barge. "You may as well throw your private arsenal into the drink, Cony," he snapped, wheeling short upon Hernshaw as the Queen came up to hang irresolute upon the Tredegar City's port bow, with the pilot back- ing and filling and not daring to put in in the face of the array of real guns that were now trained upon him. "We've got the sure-enough thing, now," Corydel went on ; "and I know it's against your principles to shoot Digitized by Google 272 THE FIRE BRINGERS at anything that can shoot back. Drop it, I sayf — in a sudden outflame of wrath. Sullenly the lone advance gu^rd of the invaders tossed his pistol into the river. "That's better!" Corydel added, still with the rasp in his voice. Then to Stanley : "Hold those pirates off about one minute longer, Monty; then they may come in and get their generalissimo, if they want him back. Now, then, Corry Hernshaw, we'll have it out, once for all. You're not big enough to fight me; you haven't been big enough in any single move of this game. I've had you going every day, and every minute of the day. I knew when you bought this river-bank land from Colonel Pettus, for whom you bought it, and why your principals wanted it. Don't you believe it?" "You are resisting the officers of the law," Hern- shaw struck back smartly. "It's contempt. YouH settle that with the courts." "Oh, no; I guess not," Corydel retorted pleasantly. "I'm sure no court ever authorized you to fire upon Norman's boat, as you did a little while ago, or to take a pot shot at Monty Stanley for warning your pilot not to land at a private wharf boat. But that is beside the mark. As I was about to say ; you bought certain acre- ages of land from Colonel Pettus. You were not bound to tell him that you were buying in the name of the de- funct Cleghorn Power & Traction Company, or to ex- plain that your object was to revive the franchise of that company so that we might be reduced to the level of mere trespassers, to be driven off by an injunction. We'll pass that up; also the lies that you told Colonel Pettus when you made the purchase. But where you fell down is " "I say you'll answer all this in the courts !" was the bickering interruption. "The Cleghorn Power & Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 273 Traction Company is still in existence, and it has the prior right to dam this river at this place. The law has been strictly complied with. 91 "No," Corydel insisted mildly; "that is where you fell down, as I was trying to tell you. The Qeghorn Enabling Act gave them the right to build a dam in the northwest quarter of Section Thirty-one, Township Five, Range Eleven — you see, I've got it all down pat — and work was to begin within one year." "It was begun," Hernshaw snapped back. "Yes; but, unhappily for you and your principals, not in the right quarter section. How do I know? Because the callow young engineer who was sent down here six years ago by the Qeghorn stock-jobbers took the word of one man for the correct location. And that man is— Mr. Scammon, take the witness stand, if you please." Hernshaw gave one glance at the sallow-faced, lan- tern-jawed ex-pilot, who was carrying his left arm in an improvised sling, scowled and said nothing. Cory- del went on without a break. "Mr. Scammon, please tell us why you let the Cleg- horn people dig their prospect hole in the wrong place." The ex-pilot threw up his head defiantly. "They allowed they wouldn't pay moren' half what it was worth f'r the land their dam was goin' to swamp. And a heap o' that land belonged to my kin. That's why I fooled 'em!" "You see?" said Corydel to the man on the string- piece. "Yes; I see that you've brought in a self-convicted criminal as a witness ; and you had to bail him out of jail to get him here YouTI have to do better than that." Digitized by Google 274 THE FIRE BRINGERS "All right; if you insist upon it, we will do better. Mr. Berwick!" The little man in the dusty frock coat elbowed his way to the front, showing a folded paper. "An order from Judge Wilkerson, holding up the injunction until a full hearing can be had," he announced. "Shall I read the order, Mr. Hernshaw?" Hernshaw threw up his hands. "I'm done," he yielded briefly. "Call your gun-men off, Corydel, and let me get aboard that steamboat." "I ain't done!" cut in the ex-pilot, Scammon, with the vengeful wrath of the mountain tribe to which he belonged. "You hired me to sink that cement tow, and then let me go to jail for it! And now you've shot me up while I was a-steerin' that kick-boat o' Mr. Norman's. I ain't done with yoU, Mister White-collar; and when they send me up to dig coal f 'r the State, you'll go along if there's any law left in this neck o' woods !" Corydel had passed the word to Stanley, and the River Queen was gingerly poking her blunt nose up to the landing barge. Only one person made any mo- tion to come ashore when Hernshaw drew himself up to the swinging landing stage to go aboard. The de- barking voyager was the hale-looking gentleman who had stood on the hurricane deck of the Queen with Captain Sefton. To everybody's surprise he stepped off and let the Queen back away and turn her head up-stream without him ; nay, more ; he seemed not to realize that he had been left behind. Possibly that was because he was pushing his way masterfully through the crowd of workmen and race enthusiasts surrounding Corydel and the lawyer and Scammon, Norman, Gordon and the commanding figure of the old colonel. The Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 275 demonstration was something like a college rush tri- 1 umphing over a victorious football eleven; but Corydel broke away from it to clasp hands with Captain Sef- ton's deserting guest. "How are you, Dad?" he said, with at least an out- ward show of calmness. "I saw you up on the hur- ricane deck with the captain, but I was too busy just then to remember my manners. Have a pleasant trip down from little old New York?" The power behind the throne of Universal Electric, and other great corporations too numerous to mention, was laughing silerttly, the fierce white mustaches curl- ing upward and his ruddy face losing something of the shrewd hardness which had earned him his Wall Street war-name of "Old Adamant" "Confound your picture, Fred, I didn't know you had it in you — I never dreamed it, after all the sleep I've lost trying to make you get to work and dig it out!" he exploded. Then, with a glance for the cele- brating enthusiasts : "So these are some of the young cockerels who've been backing you? Why, dammit all, a good half of them get their spending money from Universal Electric dividends! How nearly done is this razzle-dazzle dam you've been making such a fuss about?" Corydel's laugh was a tremendous easing of strains. "You shall see for yourself, Dad, to-morrow morning. Just now there is something much more important on hand. Colonel Pettus, let me introduce my father, Mr. Hiram Corydel." Only the most gifted reader of minds could have told what mental abysses the master of Beechford had been crossing since he had come down to be an on- looker from the river bank. None the less, he rose to Digitized by Google \ 276 THE FIRE BRINGERS the demands of the moment with true old-time gentle- ness and courtesy. "Fm honored, suh — deeply honored, Mistuh Corydel. You are a strangeh in a strange land, but I'm right proud to welcome yo-uh son's father. My house is just up on the hill ydhder: let me offer you its hos- pitality, suh." There were other introductions to follow the short walk up to the manor house — a walk escorted by a boisterous, song-singing delegation of the enthusiasts : Gordon and his wife, and the pretty Alabama cousin figured in these, and, in her turn, Corydel's vision of the rose garden. It was after he had taken Marion Pettus's hand, and was still holding it, that the ruddy- faced king of the market place turned to his soa "I see," he chuckled shrewdly; "I know now why you stayed on the job and fought us to a standstill. If that blundering blockhead of a Hernshaw had had sense enough to send us a photograph of the colonel's daughter — Gad, you needn't blush, Son; I'd fight for her myself !" It was a full hour later when Corydel turned his car over to Gordon. "You'll have to take the dear lady back to Deer Trace by your lonesome," Jje said, with a quizzical smile wrinkling at the corners of his eyes. "In the nature of things, I'll have to stay over here to-night with the fellows — and the pater. But you may go in peace, Tom Jeff. I've had it out with Dad. He is so disgusted with what he calls Corry Hernshaw's *bun- gling,' and so tickled to find me developed— or develop- ing — into a man of business, that he has promised to be the stakeholder for 'The Race of the Fire Bringers' ; stop over and see us save the franchise. And say, old Digitized by Google A CHIP OF THE BLOCK 277 dear, he admits that our little publicity scheme was top many for the shy and retiring gentlemen in the big syndicate; admits that we found the one way to hit 'em below the belt." "Then the fight is over, so far as Universal Electric is concerned ?" said the ironmaster. "Sure thing. The pater's a good loser; 111 say that for him. And if there were no other reason, he'll break bread and dip into the salt dish with Colonel Pettus to-morrow morning, and that will settle it, if nothing else does. The worst he'll do now will be to drop in on you some fine morning and ask if he can't have a little chunk of Mussel Bar stock to lock away in his private safety box for a souvenir. That covers it all, I think; all but one little item: when you get home you might call up Wheelock, and tell him the story, and ask him not to print anything that ought not to be printed I can't do it from here because Hernshaw or some of his hired scoundrels have cut the telephone wires." So ran the exultant report of the amateur promoter of moribund industrial projects; but the most cheering skies are seldom entirely cloudless for all the beholders. It was when the fast car was lining itself out for the dash up the Gilboa grade that Mrs. Ardea, speaking from the mechanician's seat, said sorrowfully : "It has all turned out just as we hoped it might — all but the one most important thing . . . and I could cry over that, Tom Jeff! You saw how Marion sat right here in this seat all the way over from Deer Trace and never so much as looked at Fred? I'm terribly afraid I know what that means — that after all, she is promised to that wretch of a Mr. Hernshaw !" "Not-on-your-sweet-life!" chuckled the ironmas- ter jocosely ; and then he stepped on the accelerator. Digitized by Google XXII THE YEAR OF JUBILEE There were cots in all the upper corridors of the Hotel Marlboro on the night of July thirtieth, and every lesser house of entertainment was full to over- flowing with visitors from afar come to make merry over South Tredegar's triumph in the industrial field. By a miracle of team-work the long lines of transmis- sion cables had been strung over the steel towers mile- posting the right of way through Paradise Valley and over Gilboa; and by another miracle the city trans- former station had been completed, the machinery tested, and all things made ready for the celebrating carnival set for the final day of the month. It was on the exact date of the withdrawal of the libel suits against the Tribune that Mussel Bar Power & Light stock began to go up by leaps and bounds. On Monday, the nineteenth, seventy-five was offered — with no sellers in the market — and a broker from the Henniker-Thorpe camp was trying to repurchase the sacrificed holdings from the president of the Coosa Se- curity. On Monday, the twenty-sixth, the stock was quoted above par; and in the evening of that day Col- onel Pettus, driving to Beechf ord from the city, stopped his car at Deer Trace to have a word with Gordon. "It's a mighty long lane that has no turnin's, Tom Jeff," he said, in sober elation. "We've gone all around Robin Hood's barn in this heah ente'prise of ours, but the good Lord's fetched us out in the Land of 278 Digitized by Google THE YEAR OF JUBILEE 279 Promise at last. IVe spent the day transferrin* their original holdings of stock back to those riveh-farmer neighbors of mine, so they can have their share in the general rejoicin'." Gordon's hearty hand-grip meant more than he could put into words. "That was just like you, Cousin Semple," he said ; adding: "I believe you'd rather have the good will of your neighbors than all the money in the world, and that's quite as it should be. What have you done about those tracts of land that Hernshaw bought of you under false pretenses?" The colonel was staring across at the high-lifted crest of Gilboa, and he took his old-fashioned spec- tacles off to polish the lenses as if they had suddenly become misted. "Mistuh Corydel's father is a gentleman, suh; ve'y much of a gentleman, Tom Jeff. I offered to cancel the sale and pay back the purchase price of the land — though I'd have had to part with my Mussel Bar stock to do it. He laughed, and said that a bargain was a bargain ; that he reckoned he'd have to interest some of his friends and build that cement plant after all — if his son, and you-all, would consent to sell him power for it." "Then you are coming out of it with something to the good, and I'm twice glad," said Gordon warmly. "You have earned every dollar of it, a thousand times over, Cousin Semple." "No, suh," denied the old Cavalier firmly. "Afteh the way I let that grand rascal blindfold me I don't de- serve anything, Tom Jeff. And there's another thing : Mistuh Corydel assures me — and I'm ready to believe him, suh — that neither he nor any of his associates in Digitized by Google 28o THE FIRE BRJNGERS New York knew of the dishonorable manneh in which this Hernshaw rascal was proceeding down heah." "I can believe that, too," the ironmaster assented. "The mistake that the trig corporations make is to send unscrupulous lieutenants into the fiel^ with the impres- sion that the end will justify the means, and then to close their eyes to what is going on. Where did you leave Mr. Hiram Corydel?" "He is at the Marlboro, with his son. They are coming out to dinner with us a little lateh, and I must be going." This was on the Monday, and the civic celebration fell on the Saturday of that week. By the Friday, as we have seen, the Hotel-Marlboro was making bed- rooms of its corridors, and the railroad yards were filling with chartered sleeping-cars to hold the over- flow. On the Friday evening, Gordon, busy to the ultimate minute with a thousand and one of the final prepara- tions, stole one of the minutes to climb to Wheelock's den under the roof of the Tribune Building. There was another item for the editor, and Gordon thought Wheelock might wish to use it in the mammoth car- nival edition which was to come out in the morning. "I've been out with the sight-seeing automobiles the better part of the day," he began abruptly — being too tired to begin otherwise. "A number of Mr. Hiram CorydeTs friends are able to see the point that Fred Corydel tried to make with us at first — and that we laughed at. There will be two or three improvement companies organized with Northern capital, and Fred's big resort hotels, golf links and club-houses are so many facts assured for the very near future." " 'All things come to him who waits,' " Wheelock quoted. "We little local folk merely made the mis- Digitized by Google THE YEAR OF JUBILEE 281 take of waiting too long before we began to beat the trig drum. The advertising we've had during the past three months ought to be worth millions to South Tredegar — as it doubtless wijl be. Incidentally, I can give you a bit of advance news. Blaisdell has bought the Live Wire, lock, stock and barrel, and it will be- come the evening edition of the Tribune. He got it at a bargain-counter price. Thorpe is going back to Chi- cago. He says that the petty politics of a little burg like South Tredegar gives him a pain." "Exit Simon — and a damned good riddance!" said the ironmaster heartily. "We can spare him. That is one undesirable citizen the less, and there is likely to be another before long. Henniker is down and out. His directors have found out about his deal in Mussel Bar, and they have asked him to resign. There is some talk of a consolidation between the Iron City National and the Coosa Security, but that may be only street gossip." The editor sat back and tickled his bald head with the handy pencil point. "Have you ever thought how enormously dispro- portionate cause and effect are in this jumpy world of ours, Gordon?" he remarked speculatively. "Your young friend from New York is passing through and misses a train connection. To kill time, he hires an unreliable motor boat, and immediately the mills of the gods begin to grind. Still, I'm a bit muddy in my mind as to his motive : or doesn't a young man of his sort need a motive?" "You think i^ wasn't wholly a sporting proposition wijh him?" "No," said the editor, with decision; "he has been far too much in earnest to warrant that hypothesis." "Well?" sai3 the ironmaster, with a ghost of a smile, < 282 THE FIRE BRINGERS "what other motive is there that would drive a young fellow when enthusiasm fails ?" Wheelock, thoughtfully contemplating the chaotic disorder of his desk, went off at a tangent "Mr. Hiram Corydel dropped in this afternoon and gave me a cigar which must have cost as much as a dollar. If the rule of the Tribune didn't bar slang, I should say he is tickled purple over the way his son has developed in the Mussel Bar fight. He pumped me hard, trying to find out if I could tell him what Mr. Fred Corydel's real motive was." "Did you tell him?" "No; he told me. 'Damned fine people — those Pet- tuses, of Beechford, Mr. Wheelock/ he said. Tm owing that young woman something for doing a thing for Fred that I could never succeed in doing myself. She's at the bottom of all this.' " Gordon laughed and turned to go. "She'd prob- ably deny it if you should ask her," he said. "Just the same, I shouldn't be surprised if Mr. Hiram Corydel is altogether right, though you never could prove by me what is going on in the back part of any woman's head. I've been married too long. Good-night" The great day of rejoicing was over, and the Gor- dons, having only the single-seated runabout and no guests, slipped away from the brilliantly lighted streets while the unique marching parade of "The Fire Bring- ers" — two hundred men carrying electric torches fed by current taken from invisible overhead trolleys — were still doing farewell evolutions in front of the Marlboro. The rush through the deserted outskirt streets and over the hunched shoulder of Lebanon was cool and re- freshing, but the slower drop into hill-sheltered Para- Digitized by Google THE YEAR OF JUBILEE 283 dise Valley emphasized the midsummer-night heat agaia "We'd better sit on the porch a while and cool off," Gordon suggested, after the runabout had been turned over to an exceedingly sleepy house boy of African descent; and when Mrs. Ardea acquiesced, he drew up a couple of the lounging chairs and turned on the shaded porch electric. "It has been a wonderful day/' sighed the one who had seen not only the wonders, but the prolonged and strenuous conflict of which they were the victorious outcome and triumph. Then: "I was so glad to see Mrs. Hiram Corydel and Fred's sister in the family party at the Marlboro. They came down on a special train last night, so some one was telling me/' "Yes," said the husband, feeling his pockets mechan- ically for his pipe, and then remembering that it was too late to smoke again. "Fred insisted upon their coming. He wrote ten telegrams and sent them five minutes apart Isn't he the limit when it comes to doing the utterly absurd and unexpected thing?" "I'm only hoping he won't fail to do the one im- portant expected thing," was the murmured reply; and then, as though her word had evoked it, a purring seven-passenger car turned from the white pike and stormed up through the Deer Trace gates, which the sleepy house boy had not yet closed. It was the Corydel party — and the Pettuses; as pres- ently appeared when the big car* came to a stand at the porch steps. The amateur event promoter was driving, with Marion Pettus in the seat beside him; and the tonneau contingent included the pretty Ala- bama cousin. "Saw your house light as we were coming)' down the Lebanon grade," chirped the amateur, after he had in- Digitized by Google ,284 THE FIRE BRINGERS troduced his mother and sister, "We didn't want to be so unneighborly as to go by without stopping to say good-night." Gordon was trying to find the latch of the tonneau door — which was automatically locked by the extra seat — and Mrs. Ardea was hospitably pressing the Deer Trace welcome. But the young man behind the steer- ing wheel answered for all "No, we can't stop; it will be Sunday morning be- fore we see Beechford, as it is. But we had to come, dear lady. You're the nearest, you know. It's the old, old story — of the nice young man from the chilly North, and the bewilderingly beautiful maiden of the sunny South. Can't you even say, 'Bless you, my children'? Or are you too deeply moved? All right; well forgive you and be trundling along. There's still another mountain to cross. Good-night' 1 And the frig car rolled away to a chorus of happy laughter from the tonneau party, and still happier congratulations from the Deer Trace steps. When the honk of the big car's horn — sounded in sheer excess of good spirits, they thought, by the ecstat- ic chauffeur — floated back from the pike, the "dear lady" spoke her mind. "Didn't I tell you it was Marion?" she said, exercis- ing the time-honored feminine privilege of ignoring all the intermediate changes of base. "He fell in love with* her that first morning, when they breakfasted alone together. And but for that, there wouldn't be any water-wheels whirling away to-night at Mussel Bar. Don't you believe me, Tom?" But, if Gordon did not, he was too diplomatic to say so. (the end) Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google 