This is a reproduction of a library book that was digitized by Google as part of an ongoing effort to preserve the information in books and make it universally accessible. Google books http://books.google.com The life story of Aner Frederic William Farrar NCUJ Google y c . r . r x Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER AN ALLEGORY Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google ANER RESCUES PHAEDROS THE LIFE STORY OF ANER AN ALLEGORY BY FREDERIC W. FARRAR, D.D., F.R.S. V- - DEAN OF CANTERBURY Author of “ Darkness and Dawn,'’ “ Gathering Clouds/’ etc. NEW YORK LONGMANS, GREEN, AND CO. LONDON AND BOMBAY 1898 $0 Digitized by Google THE' NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY 8I016B ASTOK, LENOX AND T1LDEN FOUNDATIONS E „ 1940 L LONGMANS, GREEN, AND CO. All rights reserved Press of J. T. Astor Place, Little & Co. New York Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER i Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting ; The soul that rises with us, our life’s star, Hath had elsewhere its setting, And cometh from afar. Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness. But trailing clouds of glory do we come From God, who is our home. — Wordsworth. Out of the deep, my child, out of the deep, From that great deep before our world begins, Whereon the Spirit of God moves as He will — Out of the deep, my child, out of the deep, Down yon dark sea thou comest, darling boy. Tennyson. The King Elyon was the greatest of all kings. Other lords and sovereigns claimed the sway over wide domains ; but in these realms they were in reality his vassals, even J Digitized by G ogle 2 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER when they most daringly pretended to avow their independence, and strove in open re- bellion to thwart his high designs. There were many points in the government of this mighty King which his subjects could not understand. It was impossible for them to comprehend the necessity for royal deal- ings which had to bear on the interests of re- gions more wide by far than those of the little corners of his kingdom in which they dwelt. Just as it is not every village peasant who can tell why the treaties are concluded, or the laws passed, which may seem for the moment to injure his little prosperity, so there were millions of King Elyon’s subjects who were sorely perplexed by plans which he in his wisdom knew to be for the best. Yet the vast majority of his subjects could not but admit, when closely questioned, that he was wise and merciful and good, and that, even when his dealings with them seemed to be severe, he pitied them as a father pities the sufferings of his children. Now King Elyon had many sons, and among them was one who was specially dear to him. His name was Aner, though during the ear- ■ y Google * THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 3 liest years of his life he was not called Aner, but Paedarion. Few could even guess why this particular son — who was not only the youngest of the family, but also among the least richly endowed — should be so specially the object of care and love to this great King. Others of his children were far more beautiful and strong, and looked quite radiant by the side of Aner. Indeed, there were some bad sons of King Elyon, who had long revolted from their father, who, from the first, not only despised Aner as a contemptible weakling — which, indeed, in himself, and apart from Elyon’ s love, he was — but even regarded him, though he had done them no harm, with burn- ing hatred. Almost from his birth they plotted against him, and, under disguise of flattery and false friendship, endeavoured to ruin or degrade him. The name of the worst of these bad revolted sons of the great King was Ashmod, and legions of evil spirits owned his sway. But the very frailty of Paedarion, combined with some nameless charm which clung about him, inspired a tender and sacred interest for him among all the noblest and most glorious Digitized by Google 4 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER princes of Elyon’s family. They took this youngest and feeblest of their brethren under their best care; they delighted in helping him ; they were so full of joy, when he was good and happy, that they made their father’s glorious palace ring to its inmost depths with enraptured jubilance ; and when he showed himself unworthy, and his lot seemed to tremble in the balance, and it became even doubtful whether he might not range himself on the side of the rebel Ashmod, they took off the garlands of rose and amaranth which were twined about their sunny locks, and their eyes were dim with 1 such tears as angels weep. * For high reasons of his own King Elyon did not allow Paedarion to be nurtured in the Imperial palace where he himself dwelt, vast as were its dimensions and inexhaustible as was its wealth. Though his heart' yearned over the boy, yet for his own high purposes he deemed it best to remove him from his imme- diate presence, and to leave him to fight the battle of life away from his proper home, amid circumstances which might have seemed far less delightful and far more full of peril • •• * yGoOgfe • THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 5 and difficulty than those which were enjoyed by the elder and more richly gifted princes of that royal house. To these high-born brethren — who never questioned Elyon’s love or wisdom, yet would fain have learnt something of his purpose — the great King only said, 4 My sons, if you could see all things as well as I do, you would know the reason why I send my little Paeda- rion away. All that I can now tell you is that I mean it for his highest happiness. You know that I have never enforced the obe- dience of any of you. Your faithfulness would be nothing to me if it did not spring from your own free will. It must be so with this my youngest bom. He too, if he so wills it, must be free to follow in the desperate steps of Ashmod. I desire to train him for the cares and duties of his future heritage. I must send him away, but we shall have fre- quent tidings of him; you will be able to visit and to watch him without his knowl- edge, and I shall constantly have him under my own eye, even when he is least aware of it. I wish to train him so that he too may in due time take his place among you and be Digitized by Google 6 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER welcomed by you as a worthy member of this our kingdom/ So King Elyon sent for Paedarion, who, though but a child, was very dear in his father’s eyes, and exercised a strange power of fascination from his very weakness. The boy came, and smiled into his father’s counte- nance, and the King clasped him to his heart and said : ‘ My child, I must send you far away from me and from this your true home . 1 There is across the sea a lovely little island in my dominions, known as the Purple Island. Its inhabitants are called the Porphyrians. It is among them that you must be educated. My care will be over you, but your future must depend on yourself. I have had some rebel- lious sons,- and Ashmod, the worst of them, is always trying to wean from me the affection of my other children. He has access to the Purple Island. But except by your own fault he cannot do you the smallest harm, 1 The Jews thought that every human soul before its birth into the world was taken to Sinai to hear the Commandments and learn the difference between right and wrong. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR V OF ANER 7 and if you keep aloof from him, and from his emissaries, you have nothing to fear. Will you be always true to me, my little son ? * ‘ As if I could ever be untrue to so good a father ! 1 said the child, looking up with his innocent eyes. ‘ Ah, my boy/ said Elyon; ‘ you are only putting on your armour now, and you will have to fight many a perilous battle before you can put it off.’ * But you will bring me back here, father ? * ‘ If you keep the rules which I shall give you, Paedarion/ said the King, * you shall come back and shall be as royal and as happy as these your bright-faced brethren. But if you disobey me * The King paused and heaved a deep sigh. ‘ What then, my father ? but I can never disobey you. I love you too dearly.’ ‘ Whatever happens/ said Elyon, * you will still be the son of my love. Even if you go astray, Imrah, the supremest of my sons, he — my other self — will do his utmost to bring you back to me and save you. But the Purple Island is far away, my child; and there you may forget me.’ Digitized by Google 8 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER At these words the child wept bitterly, but the King kissed away his tears and said : ‘ Now listen to me, my child, before I bid you farewell. Your future happiness can only be secured by following my instructions. * * Perhaps I might by accident forget them, father.* ‘^lay,* said the King, ‘I have had them carefully written out for you in a book, which you must always carry with you, and must often read. Further, I put upon your finger a ring in which is set a deep blue sapphire. It is a magic ring. If you disobey my com- mands this sapphire will grow paler and paler ; if you persist in disobeying them it will grad- ually lose all its colour. ‘ But further than this, my child, there are two boys, twins, who — though as yet they have had no great concern in your life — must hence- forth be your constant companions. Their name is Yetser ; the elder is called Hatob, the younger Hara. Lay to heart what I now shall say to you. * 1 1 These boys appear to have Hebrew names. In Hebrew, Yetser means 4 Impulse ; * Hatob , 4 the good; * Hara , * the evil.’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF A NEE 9 ‘ Father, I will.’ ‘ On your relation to these two boys your future happiness must depend. They are very different from each other. The eldest, Hatob, is everything that I could desire. Make him your bosom friend, your guide, your leader, your example. Put your hand in his wherever you go. He will never mislead you, never abuse your confidence. You must regard him as your teacher. He has a voice which, though it sometimes seems to sink to a whis- per, will always make itself heard if you listen to it. He will always be near you un- less you drive him away. Listen for the voice of Hatob, and, if he warns you that you are going wrong, regard his words as though they were mine. ‘ His twin brother Hara is as different from Hatob as possible. If you listen to him, he will lead you into misery and shame such as you can hardly conceive.* ‘ Oh, father ! then why do you send this bad boy with me ? * asked Paedarion with emotion. ‘ That is more than you can as yet under- stand, my son,* said the King ; 1 but this I can Digitized by Google IO .THE LIFE STORY OF ANER tell you : Hara is not so wholly pernicious, if you and Hatob together keep him in complete control, and instantly drive him with anger from your presence whenever he suggests to you anything which you know to be against my wishes. Thus treated, Hara can do you no harm, but may even help forward the purposes of your education during your few years in the Purple Island.* ‘ But if I fail, and if Hara gets too strong for me ? * ‘ My child, in order that I may do all for my children that can be done, I sent my own Imrah, the son of my glory, to live and die for them in that far-off Purple Island. You have but to follow his example, to walk in his steps, and all will be well.* ‘ And am I to be sent quite away from you, my father ? * ‘It depends, my child, upon yourself.* ‘ But shall I never see you when I am at the Purple Island ? * ‘You will not see me with your bodily eyes, but my spirit will be with you unless you drive him away. * * Then you will not leave me alone ? * Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF A HER. II ‘No/ said the great King. ‘But now, child of my love, farewell. The day will come when I shall summon you home from the Purple Island, and if you have been my faithful son you will then be with me for evermore. I am sending you now to the ves- sel which will bear you hence across the sea. You will sleep a very deep sleep to-night. To-morrow you will awake in your new home.* Elyon once more folded his son to his breast and kissed him with a kiss which seemed to bathe his whole being in infinite bliss. He appeared to himself to be sinking through unfathomable waves of slumber and remembered nothing more. Digitized by Google II How easy to keep free from sin : How hard that freedom to recall ! For dreadful truth it is that men Forget the heaven from which they fall. C. Patmore. When Paedarion woke from his slumber, rising as though from the depths of an ocean of darkness and oblivion, he found himself in the midst of conditions utterly different from those of his father’s palace. His reminis- cences of his early past had grown most dim and dreamlike. He remembered that he was a son of King Elyon ; he remembered that certain duties were incumbent on him ; he possessed the book which had been given him ; on his finger gleamed the deep azure of the sapphire ring. He was conscious, and was often reminded by grave and elderly persons who were the careful protectors of his earlier years in the Purple Island, that there were Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 13 around him many fatal temptations which he must avoid, and many obligations which at all costs he must fulfil ; and that issues vaster and more far-reaching than he could imagine de- pended on his resistance to the one and his devotion to the other. As for the Purple Island he was at first en- chanted with it. He loved the green and purple seas which surrounded it with their bright ebb and flow, their murmur and their foam. He was never tired of sitting or play- ing beside those musical and iridescent waves. The softly verdant meadows sprinkled with their golden flowers, the great trees with their waving boughs, the sun in the blue heavens with its glories of crimson sunset and rosy dawn, the strong mountains, the sweet and balmy air, the yellow wealth of harvests, the crystal of the running streams, the stars shed- ding their spiritual lustre through the purple twilight, the innocent mirth and laughter of young voices — the glory, and the wonder, and the power, and dread magnificence of nature delighted him. All was joyous, and ‘ the very breeze had mirth in it.* He saw nothing there, as yet, of hatred or crime, or sorrow or Digitized by Google 14 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER vileness. All seemed to love hifn; all were kind to him; all life was as a sunlit holiday in the blossoming springtide of happy days. But while he looked with interest on the many of his own race who surrounded him, he was most specially interested in the two boys — Yetser Hara and Yetser Hatob. They were of his own age and were always with him. He was quite unable to recall exactly what King Elyon had said to him about them, yet the essential meaning of the King’s words seemed to dawn upon his soul by instinct. They were also brought back to his memory by the elders who guided his first years in the island, as well as by Hatob, who at every fa- vourable opportunity lovingly tried to engrave them on his inmost soul. No two boys could be more unlike each other than these two Yetsers, as you will see when I describe them. Hatob was a dark-haired lad of unusual seriousness and calm sweetness of aspect. His eyes, which seemed to shine through those at whom he gazed, were of heaven’s deepest azure ; but those who knew him well soon learnt that they could sometimes flash Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR V OF ANER 15 with terrible indignation. The look of sov- ereign innocence upon his features would have seemed infinitely attractive had not his face at times assumed an aspect of sternness which seemed to burn into the hearts of those who defied him. But he had a heavenly smile for those on whom he looked with love and ap- proval, and this smile was fairer and more angelical than anything which can be con- ceived. And though his voice, when he was obliged to raise it in just anger, had in it a tone as of Sinai’s thunder, yet it was ordina- rily most penetrating and musical. Indeed it had one very peculiar quality. It often seemed to thrill into the ear and the heart, even when he was far away. Many of the Porphyrians were startled by it as if he had spoken loud and clear ; and when they looked round he was not there. As unlike him as possible was his twin brother, Yetser Hara. There were some who represented him as being in himself, and of his own unchangeable nature, wholly, abso- lutely, and irredeemably bad ; but they were mistaken. There were indeed within him many of the elements of the fiend Ashmod. Digitized by Google i6 THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER To those who watched the collapse and catas- trophe which he constantly caused to all who gave themselves up to his allurements, he might well seem to be a compound of unmiti- gated cruelty and wickedness. It was not so. He was the most ruinous of masters over those who yielded to his dominance, the most fatal of guides when he was left undisturbed. Yet when any Porphyrian with the aid of Hatob kept Hara in such subjection that he did not dare to transgress their bidding, Hara was then capable of living in harmony with them both, and, as a slave who dared not transgress, he even contributed to the com- pleteness of the life which kept him bound ill reverence and order. The difficulty was that this control was rarely absolute. People were apt to make concessions to him, especially when they were young, which made him almost impossible to manage. If you gave him but an inch he would always take an ell. It was not difficult to keep him resolutely in his proper place from the first, but it was a very serious task to dislodge him from any post which he had once been permitted, even for a moment, to Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 17 usurp. To those who allowed him the small- est semblance of familiarity and independent influence he became in a very short time the most presumptuous of comrades, and finally the most pitiless of tyrants. The reason why he so often got his way was that, for his own purposes, he could make himself the most winning, caressing, and fas- cinating of companions. Nothing could ex- ceed the soft insinuation of his flatteries, or the honeyed seductiveness of his inducements. And then he well knew how to assume an air of manly boldness, of attractive liberty, which enhanced his evil but dazzling beauty. For, ugly as was his natural countenance, he could so wreathe it in smiles, could fill it so full of magic brightness, that only those who were earnestly on their guard could find it in their hearts to resist his Belial blandishments. And then he had a voice which — in place of its naturally harsh and offensive sound — which was something between a bark and a hiss — could melt into notes so bewitching that, un- less his hearers resolutely closed their ears, they found themselves excited into sweet mad- ness, and lapped in a sensuous Elysium. Digitized by Google i8 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Many found to their cost that the thrilling songs of Hara were like those of the sirens which lured the victims who listened to them to shipwreck and death on the bare rocks of bone-strewn isles. When Hara raised his voice to charm the soul of Paedarion, and the boy began, almost against his will, to listen to those songs, the only way to rescue him was for Hatob to sing also. Some said that the voice of Hatob was disagreeable in compari- son, apd undeniably the tone of it was of a sterner and more Doric manliness than Hara’s Lydian and dulcet tones ; but then the words of Hatob’s songs were so divinely elevating that they seemed to clothe themselves in an- gelic melodies, and so they became Not harsh and rugged as dull fools suppose, But musical as is Apollo’s lute, And a perpetual feast of nectared sweets, Where no crude surfeit reigns. Now it cannot be said that Paedarion, the son of King Elyon, was not attracted by Hara. He was very much attracted indeed, and all the more so because Hara laid himself out to win him, to indulge, to gratify, to Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 19 appeal to all his lowest instincts, to fool him to the top of his bent. Paedarion did not at all like the quiet authority which Hatob assumed over him, kind as it always was. Often when Hatob laid upon him some disagreeable in- junction, or with an accent of reproof forbade him some indulgence to which he was strongly inclined — when he called him from his glad games to his hard studies, rebuked his indo- lent selfishness, or warned him against the dubious companions with whom Hara tried to surround him — the boy’s secret inclination to rebel was always fostered by Hara. Hara gave him many a sly look and secret nudge, and smiled bewitchingly in his face as though to indicate how far happier he would be if he would only shake off the influence of Hatob and join Hara in plunging into every kind of gaiety and pleasure. It was, however, chiefly when Hatob was absent, or was asleep, or was not well, that Hara put forth the whole force of his seduc- tions, appealing to all Paedarion’ s worst self. And the boy soon discovered that while Hatob might counsel and reprove, he never could and never would coerce . When Hatob found him Digitized by Google 20 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER to be hopelessly wilful and obstinate, he would say to him : ‘ Paedarion, I cannot use force to you. I am the representative of your father, the King. You know full well that I never say anything which does not agree with the rules which he lays down and the book he gave you. You are living here, as Imrah, the glory and image of Elyon himself, once lived here, and if you will look to him, and think of him, and walk as he walked, his help will be with you, and his spirit will strengthen you. But you must serve him, and listen to me, of your own free will, not as a machine, and you must yield the allegiance of a son, not the mechanical service of a slave. Tell me, have you never observed that the sapphire ring which your father gave you is by no means of so bright a blue as it ought to be ? * ‘ You are always grumbling at me and abus- ing me, Hatob, , said Paedarion peevishly. ‘ There is nothing the matter with the ring. Perhaps it has got a little dust in it, and it is not so bright as it was; but look ! it is still blue. I have done nothing so very bad. After all, King Elyon gave Hara to be with me as well as you. He is a most charming Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 21 friend and companion — I cannot help liking him. He is all smiles : you are all frowns. Soon you will drive me quite away from you.* ‘ Paedarion,’ said Hatob, ‘ I must do the King’s work. It is my duty. If you try to love me, you will find that I am worthy of your love. Let not my dangerous brother per- suade you to imagine that I am not your best friend, or that I ever say anything which is not for your highest good.’ ‘ Hara is much more agreeable and attrac- tive than you,’ said Paedarion rudely. * He may seem so, * answered Hatob ; ‘ but El yon did not send you to the Purple Island only to please yourself. You have been here long enough already to judge whether selfish pleasure is as noble, or even as happy, as true obedience.’ But Paedarion turned away and sought the company of Hara more and more. At first, for a very short time, the alliance which he formed with the bad twin seemed to him like a delirious dream. It was so exhil- arating to feel himself free to follow his own devices and to walk in the light of his own heart, to be unimpeded by wearisome checks Digitized by Google 22 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER and tiring appeals, and to indulge his lightest fancies and gratify every sense. He exulted, too, in the society of the gay, dashing, eman- cipated companions to whom Hara introduced him. ‘Let us,’ they said, ‘enjoy the good things that now are ; and let us use the crea- tion with all our soul as youth’s possession. Let us crown ourselves with rosebuds before they be withered, and let no flower of the spring pass us by : let there be no meadow which our riot doth not traverse. Let us leave tokens of our joyful ness in every place, be- cause this is our portion, and our lot is this.* Yet every now and then in the enchanting cup, though as yet he had only begun to sip it, the boy felt a drop of nauseating bitter- ness ; and when Hatob spoke to him of these new pleasures which once would have been pains, and recalling to him his old pure and noble ideals, spoke to him of his father, and of his radiant brethren in the palace whence he came, Paedarion would bow his head and put his hands to his face to hide the burning blush which in spite of all his efforts began to mantle it in the hue of shame. ‘Tell me,’ said Hatob, gently laying his Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ALTER 23 hand on the boy’s head, * do you ever think now of Elyon your royal father, and how he loved you ? do you ever read in the book he gave you ? do you ever look to Imrah for help ? has his spirit ceased to speak to you ? * The boy made no answer. ‘ Do you not think that you would be grow- ing up nobler, and more happy, and more worthy of your birth, if you shook off these debased companions with whom Hara has sur- rounded you ? What becomes of these a few years hence ? Have you never read, have you never witnessed the calamities which befall them ? Paedarion, the comedy is short, but the tragedy is long. King Elyon has heard about you and is deeply grieved. He bears with you; but “when Mercy has played her part in vain, then at last Vengeance leaps upon the stage ; she strikes hard strokes, and Pity does not interpose to break the blow. * * ’ Paedarion’s head was bowed, but he re- mained still silent. ‘Paedarion,* said Hatob, ‘have you ceased to love your father ? * ‘ No,* said Paedarion submissively. Digitized by Google 24 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER * Well, then, if you really love him, you will try to keep his commandments.* ‘ But sometimes King El yon seems to be so far away from me.* ‘ It is the greatest of errors, Paedarion. He is always near those of his children who seek him and love him.* Such interviews with Hatob were almost invariably interrupted by Hara. He would enter with a cynical smile upon his face, and when Hatob went out, which he usually did at once, Hara would point towards him with a gesture of his thumb over his shoulder, and scornfully ask : ‘Well, what has our friend Dull been say- ing to you ? * or * Are you going to turn saint after this sermon ? O no, my dear Paedarion, you are too far gone. Don’t be a hypocrite as well. Come, let us enjoy ourselves a little and get the taste of that lecture out of your mouth.* And the friends and associates with whom Hara had surrounded his victim would look at each other with meaning smiles, followed by yet more assiduous blandishments than before, because they desired to make him wholly their own. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 25 And if Hara ever had reason to think that the gay carelessness of Paedarion had been more than usually disturbed by the noble presence and serious words of Hatob, he had only to raise his voice in those piercing strains by which he so well knew how to fill his soul with ravishment, and Paedarion would come back to him as a bird flutters down into the snare at the fowler’s call. The cunning Hara, when left uncontrolled, always asserted a strong tyranny, and used his mastery to pro- duce a new rebel against King Elyon and a new votary of the evil Ashmod. He knew well that the oftener and the more readily Paedarion listened to him, the more helplessly would he listen, till passion became slavery, and wrong-doing — long after it had lost its sweetness — would retain its sway. Experience had taught him how speedily misfeasance passes into habit, and habit into character, and character assuming the guise of unalter- able destiny becomes as a prison from which there seems to be no escape. And so indeed it was. Paedarion more and more forgot all that was good, and often out of mere familiarity continued to do what Digitized by Google 26 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER was evil, though it had lost its initial attrac- tiveness, and though he felt its allurements to be disappointing from the first. Yet even then Hara often felt that in the youth* s nature there was something intrinsically noble ; that, while he held Hara by the hand, he still was siding with Hatob in his heart ; and that, in all the perversity of his wanderings, he re- mained perfectly conscious of the right path. He felt, therefore, that to secure Paedarion for the usurper Ashmod, he would need to put the whole enginery of his temptations into play. Digitized by Google Ill So soon the boy a youth, the youth a man, Eager to run the race his fathers ran. — R ogers. By this time Paedarion’s years of educa- tion in the Purple Island had passed away, and he assumed the name of Aner. Hara had won over him a too easy victory, but did not feel himself secure in the youth’s allegiance. He flung yet more rapturous sweetness into his wild songs, and the burden of them all was that Aner should rejoice in his youth ; that he should not waste upon serious duties the sweet season of bud and bloom, but that — fine young fellow as he was — he should eat, drink, and enjoy himself, for Spring would soon pass, and the rest was nothing. A favourite song of Hara’s was : Gather ye rosebuds while ye may, Old Time is still a-flying ; And the same flower which blooms to-day To-morrow will be dying. Digitized by Google 28 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER One day Hatob heard the passionate song with its sweet entrancing lilt, in which Aner joined. 6 Yes/ he said, ‘ Aner ; but Hara has omitted to tell you, as he always does omit, that before his roses die their perfume stupe- fies, and that venomous insects are bred in their soon-withered leaves.* * Stale morality ! * sneered Hara, as Hatob passed away. It might be so ; yet he felt that Aner was not uninfluenced by truths which were so true that he had not yet the courage to declare them false. Hara had been bitterly re- proached by Ashmod for having as yet failed to make Aner his open votary. He felt that he must bestir himself. There were two schemes on which he re- lied. He would occupy the whole attention of Aner in things not intrinsically harmful, but which might be developed into harmful- ness by excess. If he could get him absorbed in these things, Aner would have the less time to think of any others. He would become too busy to secure his deliverance from the ways of the destroyer. And, secondly, he would leave no form of Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER . 29 temptation untried, until he discovered the weakest and most susceptible side of Aner’s character ; or, if he could not entirely enslave him, as he hoped to do, by a single vice, he would do his best to make him the bondslave of many. Now Aner was singularly gifted with bright endowments. He won the highest admiration from the other inhabitants of the Purple Island. He was very beautiful of counte- nance, tall of stature, strong of limb, swift of foot. His voice, while he was yet a boy, was as the voice of an angel, and when he grew to manhood was so rich and mellow that it de- lighted every society in which he moved. His intellect was quick and powerful ; he easily grasped knowledge, and strongly retained it. His wit was brilliant; his eloquence remark- able ; his gaiety contagious. His outward career, therefore, was one of signal prosperity. He was the ideal and the idol of the youths, his companions; they were emulous for his friendship ; they intoxicated him with the incense of their often unconscious flattery. As a boy he had won all the laurels he possi- bly could win, and it had been a common Digitized by Google 30 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER prophecy of him that when he grew up he might attain to almost any position in the Purple Island. When he became a youth he continued a career of unbroken distinction. His early manhood was crowned with suc- cesses. Year after year wealth flowed in upon him, and ambition was stimulated by the mul- tiplication of honours. And as his wealth grew, even while he was still a young man, by leaps and bounds, so did his luxury and osten- tation. More and more as his riches increased he set his heart upon them ; less and less was he honourably scrupulous in the means of their acquisition. He early grew accustomed to lavish his resources upon personal gratifica- tions, and he looked with increasing callous- ness on the miseries — for round the Purple Island there was many a dim isle of misery — which he could easily have alleviated. It seemed only too probable that he would de- generate into a vulgar worshipper of money, and belie all the hopeful anticipations which had been formed of him. But Hatob did not leave him unwarned. One day he came into the luxurious room, where Aner, now immersed in business, was at Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 3i work with his young secretary. He had been dictating replies to various pitiable appeals for help. He had given the same answer to all of them except one. He was already so rich that, without even the semblance or shadow of any real self-denial, he could have aided every wise agency for good, every de- serving case of sorrow and penury. He could, without an effort, have enabled many a blessed institution to continue its work of mercy. But his stereotyped answer to all suggestions % for an unselfish and beneficent use of his means had come to be, ‘ I have so many claims that I cannot afford to help you. * The sole exception which he had made was in answer to the request of a very great man who asked aid in some purely fantastic and useless de- sign. This was granted by Aner with profuse readiness. The great man’s favour might be very useful to him in his ambitious schemes. If Aner ever felt a moment’s hesitation in considering a case, his secretary, who had been purposely recommended to him by Hara, was always ready with the cold water of cyni- cism to quench any spark of generous im- pulse. Digitized by Google 32 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Hatob had entered so silently that he had not been noticed ; but directly the secretary had gone out he spoke. * Aner, * he asked , 1 have you quite forgotten me ? ' ‘ No/ was the short and sullen answer, as Aner averted his gaze. Hatob, not stopping to notice his ungra- cious reception, took up some of the letters lying on the table. One was the prospectus of an imaginary gold mine, written with the intention of luring thousands to buy shares. Aner had stated the promised certainty of large profits with eloquent plausibility. He had been paid for his advocacy by an assign- ment of shares,, which, when the rush of pur- chasers had raised them to fabulous value, he meant 'to sell, leaving many a deluded victim to suicide and ruin, and plunging widows and orphans in hopeless penury as soon as the bubble burst. * Are you not utterly ashamed, Aner ? * asked Hatob in his grave tones. * Are you not rich enough, and more than rich enough already, without increasing your gains by these vile means ? And has your heart, which Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 33 was once generous, already grown so cold that you are indifferent to the tears and an- guish which your delusive words will cause ? You fairly astonish me, and I am utterly ashamed of you.* * Silence, Hatob ! ’ thundered Aner. * Do you dare to insinuate that I am a cheat ? I feel sure that there is gold in this mine ; I merely state its claims as they have been set forth to me.’ * Lies, Aner, lies ! ^ was the brief and stem answer. He took up one of the letters after another, read them with an expression of dis- gust, and then, flinging them down, said : ‘ Oh, Aner, you are farther gone than I had feared. Still but young, your heart, if you go on like this, will in time be cold as ice, and hard as the nether millstone . 9 ‘ Another word,* cried Aner, * and I will drive you out.* * I have spoken, Aner. It is enough. Farewell ; but oh, if you care for your life, and would be saved from destruction, you know that you can always summon me to your help. And before I go I tell you plainly that, for all your wealth, your life is rapidly tend- 3 Digitized by Google 34 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER ing to become a sordid and despicable lie — a lie which even many who are themselves bad men would regard with disdain.* Aner had braved it out with Hatob, but he instinctively felt that every word which his stem mentor had spoken was true. No sooner had Hatob ended than the young man started up and paced the room. He looked round him at its splendid ornaments, its mag- nificent works of art. That very morning he had given a large sum for a single picture ; and he had spent nearly as much on a fantas- tic ornament the day before. Had these ob- jects, he was forced to ask himself, given him one hundredth part of the pure pleasure which he could have derived from that ‘ high desire that others should be blessed,* which, as he knew from earlier experience, i savours of heaven * ? Was it as much worth while to be the proud possessor of a rarity as to have the blessing of those to whom he had been kind ? Angry with himself for once, sick- ened, disappointed, pulled up short at the be- ginning of a despicable career, he summoned back his secretary, and to his cynical aston- ishment tore up the prospectus which he had Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 35 written for the mining company, and sent generous aid to those whom he knew to be in- nocent and suffering. More than this, he made a swift but resolute vow that he would at once combat and subdue the love of money which he already felt to be a root of all kinds of evil in him; that he would turn with abhorrence from every scheme which had in it even a suspicion of fraudulency ; and that with the money which came to him by hon- ourable labour he would to the utmost of his power do kind and generous deeds. He had repented, and had amended his evil tendency ere it was too late. That evening, as he sat alone, Hatob came in, and affectionately em- braced him. In his sweetest tone he spoke words of praise and encouragement, and gave him one of those radiant smiles which Aner had scarcely seen since he was a boy; and the same night as Aner slept he dreamed that King Elyon himself appeared to him, laid his hand upon his head in blessing, and said, ‘ My son ! * But the young secretary was a spy of Hara’s, and, when he reported what had occurred, Hara was thrown into a paroxysm of rage. Digitized by Google 36 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER ' What if, after all, he should entirely lose his hold on Aner ? what if Hatob should yet pre- vail, and he should himself feel the heavy hand of his master Ashmod ? This must not be. In trying to ruin Aner by avarice and greed and the love of pelf he had indeed for a time succeeded, but he had evidently used a wrong snare. Aner’s disposition was intrin- sically generous. It was clear that he could not be fatally overthrown by a temptation which was not in accordance with his real tendencies. For Aner was naturally kind- hearted, and, whenever he used his resources for the relief of suffering, the gratitude of those whom his generosity had helped made him feel an unwonted happiness. Hara, de- feated in the use of a temptation which he had unwisely chosen, felt conscious that he must adopt another plan. Digitized by Google IV Who knows not Circe, The daughter of the sun, whose charmed cup Whoever tasted lost his upright shape, And downward fell into a grovelling swine ? Milton. c It was foolish of me to tempt him with the bait of avarice/ thought Hara to himself, * though it catches millions of older, more worldly, and more hardened souls. That net, thanks to Hatob*s interference, is broken, and Aner is delivered. But he shall find, to his cost, that my quiver is full of magic arrows ! What shall I try on him next ? * He meditated a little, and then exclaimed, ‘ I have it ! My friend Comus shall lend me some of His orient liquor in a crystal glass ; and when Aner has learnt to drain it ‘ * with fond intemperate thirst/* I will drive him into the sty of drunkenness.* Digitized by Google 38 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Like all highly strung natures, Aner often felt a reaction of lassitude after unwonted ex- ertions. He loved the wine-cup, but had never drunk to excess. From that he had been saved by a certain natural nobleness which made him abhor the lower forms of deg- radation. In the gay gatherings of his own and Hara’s companions he would have been at first so much repelled by the foulness of intoxication, that Hara had taken care to pre- vent him from feeling this alarmed disgust. But might he not very gradually be seduced into excess, and so, almost before he was aware of it, become the victim of intemperance ? Yes ! Little by little Aner grew more fond of wine, and less careful about extreme mod- eration in its use. At last, when the time seemed ripe, Hara schemed to secure Aner’s invitation to a banquet unusually sumptuous — a banquet which it was proposed should be given to him by all the gayest and richest of his associates. It was a congratulatory sup- per in honour of his recent promotion to a high office which he had won by his abilities at an unusually early age. Hara took care that all the brightest and wittiest young nobles Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 39 should be invited ; that the adornments of the board should be of the most dazzling beauty, the flowers enchantingly fragrant, the viands stimulating and sumptuous, the wines varied, rich, potent, of exquisite bouquet and insidi- ous strength. Health after health was drunk ; song after song was sung; a golden loving cup was frequently passed round. The mirth grew warm and tumultuous. 4 No heeltaps to- night ! * was the general cry, if any one re- frained from emptying his glass. Aner had delighted the company with one of his love- liest songs, and no sooner had he ended it than the most distinguished of the guests, amid rapturous applause, poured out a bumper of sparkling wine, and challenged every one present to fill to the brim the glasses of ex- quisite workmanship upon the table, and to drain them in honour of him whom they all admired and loved. They did so, and then Aner rose, glass in hand, to thank them. 4 Now, Aner/ they shouted, 4 you must drink every drop of it as we have done ; else we shall think that you despise us and don’t care for us.’ He felt that he was flushed ; that his hand Digitized by Google 40 THE LIFE STORY OF ALTER shook slightly ; that his eyes swam ; that his footing was hardly firm ; that if he took this rich cup of wine he would have had too much : but, actuated by fear of man and love of popularity, he raised the glass to his lips, and was about to drink it to the dregs, when two incidents occurred. First, he happened to glance at his hand to see whether its tremulousness was observ- able, and he noticed that his ring had never seemed to be of a paler blue. The sight filled him with desperation rather than remorse, for the ring had been growing paler year by year, and he seemed to care but little if now its colour was too far gone to be recalled. Next, at that instant, and for an instant only, a sudden silence fell on the flushed and laughing throng of his companions. He glanced up in astonishment to find the cause, and saw Hatob approaching him among the rose-crowned revellers. His simple garb showed a marked contrast with their rich ap- parel, and his look was anxious and stem. The hush which his presence caused was fol- lowed by a roar of excited anger. ‘ Impudent intruder ! * hissed one. * THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 41 ‘Now we are to have a teetotal lecture “ in one weak, washy, everlasting (100(1/ ’ 9 sneered another. 4 O foolishness of men that lend their ears To those budge doctors of the Stoic fur, And fetch their precepts from the Cynic tub, Praising the lean and sallow abstinence,* said another. * Aner, turn the fellow out ! 9 shouted sev- eral. ‘ Begone, Hatob ! ’ said Hara, rising from his seat in a flame of fury. ‘ What business have you here ? * he added, striding out in front of him with threatening gesture. ‘ Business which I shall perform/ said Hatob in a firm voice, ‘ and from which, as you well know, you are powerless to hinder me. Stand aside, rebellious servant of Ash- mod ! 9 Hara had raised his arm as though to strike, but he seemed to cower and almost wither away under Hatob* s glance, and his hand fell impotently at his $ide as he sank back into his seat. Hatob advanced to Aner as he sat in the place of honour, on a richly decorated Digitized by Google 42 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER chair covered with cushions of purple silk. He laid his hand a little roughly on Aner’s shoulder, and said, ‘ Aner, beware ! ’ The glass was in Aner’s hand, and a$ in a flash of light he seemed to read the words, ‘ Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth its colour in the cup ; when it goeth down smoothly ; at the last it biteth like a serpent and stingeth like a basilisk/ But even while he seemed to see the words burning before him like the mystic letters on Belshazzar’s palace-wall, the jeers and jibes of his comrades sounded like a storm in his ears, and a passionate defiance of his better instinct rose in his heated brain. He drained the glass to the bottom, and, while a shout of applause greeted his action, he set it down and dashed the back of his hand with all his force on Hatob’s lips. e Go,’ he said, 1 my tormentor, and let me see you no more ! 9 With unmoved dignity Hatob lifted his robe to his bleeding lips. He gave Aner one glance of pity, in which the blue of his eyes seemed to run like fire through the young man’s soul ; then, turning away, he passed Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ALTER 43 through the riotous banqueters with such a look upon his face as once more awed them into trembling silence. All the spontaneous hilarity of the banquet was now quenched. The guests broke up into sullen groups. There were few of them who had not taken more than was good for them. Some tottered out at once. Those who stayed, drank on, but idly babbled and quarrelled and could not restore the mirth. Some of them soon rested their heads on the tables and fell into heavy slumber. Others were carried home. Aner, half stupefied, sat breathing stertorously with his head sunk upon his breast. Hara — looking at him with diabolical satisfaction, and hissing under his breath, ‘Now you are mine for ever* — signed to Aner’s servant to take him home. Aner woke the next morning in shame and sickness, feeling that he had publicly disgraced himself. His sight was dull ; his eyes were red; his head was aching. Hara assiduously exerted himself to counteract his depression. He laughed over the occurrences of yesterday. He said that a carouse on a joyous occasion in- volved no discredit whatever, and did no one Digitized by Google 44 THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER any harm. He tried to charm away Aner’s gloom. He told him, once and for ever, to get rid of the fetish-worship of ridiculous scruples. He spoke of Hatob’s warning as but the lees And settlings of a melancholy blood. He jocularly suggested that Aner would feel quite well again by taking a hair of the dog that bit him. It only took a few days for the full tide of life to flow back into its normal channels. Aner’s wealth was still growing; success and honours still flowed on him. - But he found that it was not granted him to give himself up to sin for one short hour, and then to be quite happy. His career involved anxieties. He was often in low spirits. When they seemed inclined to master him, he could for the time dispel them by the charmed cup. At such times it always seemed to him as if some tempting spirit offered him wine as a potent nepenthe, and whispered : But this will cure all straight ; one sip of this Will bathe the drooping spirit in delight, Beyond the bliss of dreams. Be wise and taste ! Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 45 Slowly, but very surely, he felt the ugly liking for this mechanical stimulus and this dangerous sedative growing upon him, dim- ming his faculties, blunting his keen percep- tions, confusing his intellect, gradually in- flaming his features and palsying his strength. There were times when, though he was still surrounded with envy and admiration for his gifts, his wealth, his position, he began utterly to despise himself. And he knew that the remedy to which he was tempted to resort only aggravated the radical disease ; when he sought relief in wine he did but precipitate the inevitable reaction. The penalty trod more and more swiftly upon the heels of the sin ; and the yet more enervated lassitude, and the yet more unspeakable depression from which he now constantly suffered, were as fiery goads which drove him on to still grosser and more irremediable excess. Digitized by Google V Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowler : The snare is broken, and we are delivered. Ps. cxxiv. 7. And now Hara thought that he had him safely ; that he had bound him in fetters of adamant, and shut him up in a prison without iron bars. He thought that by this time he could throw off the mask and needed not to show himself in the guise of a flatterer or a benefactor any longer. He might now assume the attitude of an insolent and irresistible despot, who would make his tyranny felt and acknowledged, and who had no longer need to simulate the smallest pity or affection, or to leave to his victim the paltry and passing lure of present prosperity. It had always been a part of Hara’s plan to put Aner into the close proximity of those who would tempt and foster every weaker or Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 47 baser element of his disposition. Nearly all of Aner’s household were of Hara’s choosing, and his servant had secret instructions to keep his glass abundantly replenished at his meals, and to see that potent drinks were always ready to his hand. Aner had come in, vexed and wearied, from the heat of political strife in which he had been engaged. He felt inclined to ask whether the game was worth the candle ; whether the honour and influence to be at- tained could ever reward him for the labour, anxiety, and turmoil. He was specially dis- gusted because, that day, a bitter and scurri- lous opponent had garnished his speech with many sneers and personal innuendoes in which he had spoken of Aner’s 4 intemperance.* He used the word ostensibly in one sense, but had quite obviously meant it to be understood in another. Now Aner had taken the utmost pains to disguise his failing and temptation, and he flattered himself that he had suc- ceeded. What if it were otherwise ? What if Rumour were already clacking against him with her ten thousand tongues ? What if the very abjects could henceforth mouth at him, Digitized by Google 48 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER and his fellow-drunkards make songs upon him ? And — all of a sudden he noticed that his ring was absolutely colourless. It had been a deep-hued sapphire, now it looked like a dull and common white crystal. It re- minded him of thoughts which had long been utter strangers to his soul. Was he not, after all, a son of King Elyon ? Had he altogether forfeited the privileges of his royal birth ? Youth was gone like a dream. His beauty was impaired; his strength was diminishing. Death would come soon, and then — what comes hereafter. While these thoughts were chasing each other through his brain his butler summoned him to his dinner. That day he happened to be alone. ‘ I see that you are tired, sir/ said the ser- vant insinuatingly. ‘ A glass of wine will re- fresh you.* Refresh him ? He wondered whether the man knew how frightful at that moment was the imperious craving for wine which he felt gnawing like a viper at his heart. This was the time at which he usually indulged his propensity. But there was something in the Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 49 glance of the servant which displeased him. Was the man in league with Hara against him for his ruin ? Seating himself at the table he summoned the whole fortitude of his will, and said : 4 Take this wine away. Remove those glasses ; I will only take water this evening/ 4 Water ? 9 said the man with open-eyed as- tonishment and disdain. 4 Water ! 9 answered Aner, almost fiercely. 4 Did I not speak plainly enough ? Obey my orders ! * The butler slowly removed the cup and the wine from the place where they stood just in front of Aner, but he only removed them a little way and eyed his master with curious looks as he marked the total failure of his appetite, and the suffering caused him by the absence of his usual stimulant. 4 Oh, sir/ heat last ventured to say, 4 you are not enjoying your dinner at all. Do just take this little glass of wine. It will do you so much good . 9 And he poured out a spark- ling foaming glass, of which the delicate fra- grance filled the room. Even this agent of Hara did not know how 4 Digitized by Google 50 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER fearfully the impulse to succumb acted on the perverted senses of his master; but Aner’s pride rose in revolt at being tempted to what he knew was degradation by his own servant. After an instant’s struggle to master himself, he seized the glass, hurled it against the wall, and, in a voice which rang with passion, ordered the man to leave the room. * Ah ! he will drink like a fish the moment my back is turned,’ thought the man; ‘but it is time that Hara should know of this. And if he takes to drinking water my place won’t be worth having.’ The servant slipped out and told Hara that he thought Aner must be unwell, for he seemed much disturbed, and would only drink water at dinner. ‘ Ah ! ’ said Hara, ‘I will pay him a visit.* He found Aner in a condition absolutely pitiable. His nerves were in a state of vio- lent irritation, and as he madly, despair- ingly, struggled with himself and tried to shake off the strangling load of his tempta- tion, he trembled piteously, and was reduced to a condition almost abject. ‘ What is the matter with you ? ’ said Hara Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 51 insolently, for he had long laid aside his courteous and seductive manner. ‘ What is the meaning of all this nonsense ? Why do you make yourself ill ? Take your wine like a man. Who do you suppose will care two straws whether you drink or not ? ’ Aner looked up at him. Hara’s expression was now the one which was natural to him. The sham Belial-beauty in which he had known how to disguise his true appearance in earlier years was gone. Aner felt a spasm of feeble wonder as to how he could ever have found any fascination in this odious, leering, blighted wretch. He had smitten Hatob — the good, the noble Hatob — in the face; could he not spurn this demon- visaged tempter out of his presence ? Alas ! he felt helpless, paralysed. He could not rise from his seat. ‘Come, you poor fool,’ said Hara; ‘as if you could resist ! A secret drunkard like you may shed maudlin tears over himself, but you know very well that if I put a full wine-cup there on the table, and between you and it burned up the nether fires, you would still stretch out your hand and take it. Drink it, Digitized by Google 52 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER slave ! * he thundered out, as Aner still sat in trembling silence. Aner groaned deeply within himself. He felt the terrible truth of Hara’s words; but had he indeed sunk so low? ‘ Hara,* he muttered, ‘ you are a very demon, and I loathe you/ ‘Demon or no demon/ said Hara with a fiendish laugh, ‘ I will have you know that now I am your master/ He rose and poured out the wine and put it close by Aner’s hand, that its fragrance might overpower his senses. ‘ Drink that, slave ! * he said again, fiercely stamping his foot, ‘ or it will be the worse for you. You cannot help yourself/ It seemed as if the agonising struggle was over, for, in spite of the sense of loathing in his heart, Aner stretched forth his hand for the cup with the heart-broken cry, ‘ It is true ; I cannot help myself/ And, as he did so, raising his eyes for a moment, he caught sight of one of the splen- did works of art with which his room was adorned. It was a marble statue of Imrah, son of King Elyon, in kingly robes, in kingly attitude. In his left hand lay the open book, Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 53 as though to say, ‘This do, and thou shalt live;* and his right hand was uplifted, not to repel but to invite, not to threaten but to bless. Around him twined the lily of purity, the rose of holy joy, the vine with its clusters of purple fruitfulness. Crouching as the willing pedestal of his feet, with arched backs, were the lion and the young lion. Crushed into the dust beneath were the basilisk and the adder, and underneath was inscribed on black marble in golden letters, ‘ Thou shalt tread upon the lion and the adder ; the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under thy feet.* But what struck Aner most was that in the kingly eyes there seemed to be an expression of infinite tenderness, of infinite compassion. Hara followed the glance of his eyes and was enraged. ‘ What has all that to do with you, slave and wretch ? * he said ; and, striding up to the statue, he tore it from its place and flung it violently upon the ground. ‘ Now,* he said, ‘ leave Imrah to the saints. He has nothing to do with you, nor you with him. That is all over long ago. Come ; you see that struggle is useless. Take the Digitized by Google 54 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER good wine ; get rid of this morbid folly and be happy/ Again Aner seemed as if he were convulsed to his inmost soul. He felt the utter abject- ness of being a slave to a dead thing ; but the fatal force of habit pressed on him like a vice and past sin seemed to have frozen into impotence all his powers of resistance. Was not the struggle useless, as Hara had said ? Why should he thus agonise, when, sooner or later, he must be swept away by the drowning current ? Again he stretched out his hand to the wine with a gesture of despair. As he did so he saw the wicked leer on the face of Hara : — but he saw something else. On the wall over Hara’s head hung another work of art — a priceless picture. Again it represented Imrah, the deliverer of the Pur- ple Island. Over the white vesture, which symbolised his innocence, fell the gold-em- broidered folds of his priestly robe, adorned with its jewelled Urim. On his long and flowing locks was a golden crown, in the ra- diants of which was twined a crown of thorns, such as the rebels of Ashmod had made him wear ; but now the thorns had blossomed into Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 55 flowers. From his left hand, fastened by a golden chain, hung a lamp, of which the over- powering brightness fell on the closed door at which he was knocking. But the door had been long unused, and over its rusted stan- chions the ivy crept and clung. A bat, crea- ture of the darkness, disturbed by his knock, was flitting away, and from within came no answering gleam. Thick beside the base of the door towered the huge withered stalks of a dead hemlock, once gay in vivid green, now an emblem of chill venom and extinct desires. Underneath the picture was written, 1 Open the door unto him that knocks.’ And once more to Aner’s fascinated gaze it seemed as if the sad eyes glowed with an inward light, and that the light was full of pardon, and help, and love. In an instant he withdrew his hand from the wine -cup ; he beat his breast ; he fell upon his knees. Forgotten memories came back to him; his eyes were filled with tears of peni- tence; and raising heavenwards his clasped hands, his streaming eyes, he cried : ‘ Oh, Elyon, I am thy son ! O Imrah, help me ! * Digitized by Google 56 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER As though in instant answer to his prayer, the door of the room swung open and some one entered. It was Hatob — still beautiful, still noble. He looked weak and very ill ; but what a contrast between that pale face of peace and holiness, and the tainted features of Hara ! What a difference between those deep-blue eyes and the wicked, surreptitious, ferret glances of the other, full of unhallowed and malignant fires ! ‘Oh, Hatob/ moaned Aner, still upon his knees and with bent head, ‘ my brother, my more than brother, have you still pity for a wretch like me ? Can you forgive the insult of my cruel blow ? * Hatob gently raised Aner’s tear-stained features, in which few could have recognised more than the wreck of Paedarion’s early beauty, so deeply had evil passions left their furrows there. ‘ Look at me, Aner/ he said ; ‘ do I look as if I had not forgiven, as though I did not love you ? Even when you cried aloud just now I heard the voice of Imrah send me to you.* ‘ Oh, Hatob, would that I had never de- serted you ! Can I ever be snatched from Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 57 these fetters of my slavery, of which the iron seems to have eaten into my soul ? Oh, Hatob, save me from him ! * he cried, point- ing to Hara, who was glaring upon him so fiercely that he might have seemed to be Ashmod’s self. ‘ Depart, Hara ! * said Hatob, whose whole frame seemed to dilate with majesty as he spoke. ‘ What ? dare you linger ? Have you never had to shrink and howl ere now under Elyon’s scourge of fire ? Go, or my own hand shall drag you to your prison ! ’ ‘ He is mine and I will have him yet,* hissed Hara ; but Hatob looked at him, and with a curse of baffled malice he turned and fled. ‘Aner/ said Hatob, ‘deliverance is yet possible to you, but I should deceive you were I to say that it is easy. There is a law which rivets sin to its consequences by a link of adamant. It would have been immeasurably more easy for you never to have fallen into this bondage than now to escape from it. Yet there is one way, if you have resolution to embrace it, which can save you out of this one sin, even if it be so as by fire. Never again must you so much as taste the wine-cup. Digitized by Google 58 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER If you do, the demon which lurks in it for you will leap upon you with tenfold force. He has his clutch upon your hair. Only by this resolution can you shake him off. Dis- miss your bad servant ; banish from your house that which for you is poison and is death.’ ‘ I will,* murmured Aner, ‘ if I can.’ ‘If you will, you can,’ answered Hatob. * Pledge yourself even now in Elyon’s name, with the help of Imrah and his unseen Spirit, that the wine which you have abused to your own destruction shall touch your lips no more. * ‘ I vow/ said Aner; ‘ so help me Heaven ! I blush for, I loathe my servitude.’ ‘ There is always help for those that need and seek it. I can help you in one small way by recommending to you a thoroughly honest and faithful servant. His name is Xenios, and you may trust him implicitly. -But you must rely mainly upon yourself. Rally all the best powers of your nature. Entreat for aid from above and you will be safe. Re- member ! Watch ! ’ He lifted a warning hand, he blessed him, he departed. And when he had gone, Aner sank once more upon his knees and vowed his vow.. Digitized by Google VI If the roots be left, the grass will grow again. Chinese Proverb . Aner had now reached middle age. He had for some years resolutely kept the vow which he had taken. Wine was never seen at his table. He had gained immeasurably and in every way by his voluntary abstinence. The rumours about his weakness had died away. His body had recovered much of its old vigour, his mind its normal clearness, his countenance its noble expression. And now the highest guerdons of ambition seemed to be easily within his grasp. Again Hara felt himself foiled. Aner had great force of natural character. He had felt so utterly humiliated by the shameful bondage of intemperance that by sheer resolution it might have seemed — but in reality by the aid of the unseen Spirit whose help he had Digitized by Google 6o THE LIFE STORY OF A HER implored — he had burst the gates of brass and smitten the bars of iron in sunder. Indignant at the loss of so fine a votary, Ashmod — who was rarely seen, but was known to lurk in dark places of the Purple Island, and had many a secret shrine, where his fol- lowers burnt to him their unhallowed incense — summoned Hara to his presence. ‘You have managed very badly, Hara,’ said the terrible Prince. ‘ You will lose the indulgences I offered you. Aner might have been my most promising subject, and would have won many others to me. You should have studied his nature better.* ‘ Hard and thankless master ! * snarled the crestfallen Hara. ( I tried him with gold and I succeeded.* * Only for a very short time. It is the meanest natures only which are caught by that glittering and useless bane. Aner is not mean, and you might have known that he would soon get tired of such a fool*s bauble, fit only for dotards and old women.* ‘ I subdued him, body and soul, to the ghoul of drink for some years. But for acci- dent, and but for that accursed Hatob, I Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 61 should have had him. I do not despair of winning him back even yet.* ‘Drink may be a subsidiary help/ said Ashmod ; ‘ but there are natures too lofty to accept its degrading servitude.* ‘It has ruined many a strong man/ said Hara sullenly. ‘It will fail with Aner/ said Ashmod; ‘ but try him now with Lilith, the demon of the noonday — the demon of perverted love. Many have fallen by her wounds quite late in life ; some even in old age. I am not satis- fied with you, Hara; but do not despair. We have many resources at our disposal ; we shall have him yet.* Digitized by Google YII Sin startles a man — that is the first step ; then it becomes pleasing ; then easy ; then delightful ; then frequent ; then he is impenitent ; then obstinate. — Jeremy Taylor. At quam caecus inest vitiis amor ! omne futurum Despicitur, suadentque brevem praesentia fructum. Claudian, Eutrop . ii. 50. Aner, having for some time broken the violence of the temptation which was destroy- ing him, and deeming himself now secure from it, had greatly relaxed this vigilance. He was trying to content himself with such things as the Purple Island could give. The Porphyrians looked on him as the most suc- cessful of men. There seemed to be nothing lacking to his happiness except the home-life into which he had never entered. He had remained unmarried. He had not been at- tracted by the many maidens who would have felt themselves enchanted by alliance with Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 63 him. All other possessions which men ac- count as boons seemed to be at his disposal. His magnificent residence was rich in works of art. His parks and gardens were the love- liest and sweetest which the island could show. His woods teemed with the wild life of na- ture ; his streams were famous for their fish. His aspect was strikingly noble, his manners full of charm, his, friends numerous. Hon- our had showered all her stars upon him; criticism was now silent; he was highly ap- preciated ; he stood upon the topmost steps of power and influence. And yet he had to confess to himself that he was far from happy. These passing treasures, even at their best and fullest, could not satisfy the heart of a son of Elyon. They seemed to crumble into ashes at every touch. They had looked like ambrosial fruit until he could freely take of them, and then they became Dead Sea ap- ples, filling his mouth with dust and bitter- ness. In his far-off boyish years, before he had entered into the drearier parts of the wilder- ness, the visions of such things as he now pos- sessed had looked like an enchanting mirage — soft oases of happy verdure and palms and Digitized by Google 64 THE LIFE STOR Y OF A HER crystal waters ; he had reached them with weary feet, and lo ! he saw nothing around him but barren acres of stony wilderness, and dreary wastes of sun-encrimsoned sand. There was nothing more to gain. Riches ? he did not know what to do with what he had ; and though he now gave away largely, yet, as there was no personal contact or per- sonal sympathy of tenderness in his giving, his charity became mechanical, and the thanks which he received sounded hollow. Splendour ? rich carpets, and tapestries dyed with purple of the sea, glowing pictures and gilded corridors palled upon him. The works of art had become nothing but pieces of furniture which had no longer any fascina- tion, at which indeed he rarely looked. There over the fireplace in his favourite room hung the picture of Imrah, which had arrested his attention at a crisis of his life ; but now he scarcely ever glanced at an object so familiar. A stream cannot rise higher than its fountain, and Aner, living on the low levels of worldli- ness, scarcely even by mechanical habit raised his heart to the true source of his being. He saw the days pass by him in long procession ; Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 65 he felt that the lack of high spiritual discern- ment had made him snatch only at their most worthless gifts, and as they departed in silence he Under their solemn fillets saw the scorn. In the estimation of the Porphyrians his character was now quite unexceptionable. ‘ What a great man Aner is ! * deferentially murmured all the youths. i And what a good man too ! * said their elders. ‘ Look at his charities !- See how punctually he performs his religious duties ! Even calumny would blush to tell tales of him.* And in truth Aner did not neglect the pub- lic forms of religion, in so far as they con- sisted in external functions, though to one or two of his most intimate friends he confessed that he found these functions distressingly dreary, and that sermons were a great trial to an intellectual man. Aner was trusting in his own heart ; and if he had not ceased to read the book which his father Elyon had given him, he would have found there that ‘ he who trusteth in his own heart is a fool.* Hatob had not been near him for a long Digitized by Google 66 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER time, and Hara, who was narrowly watching him, yet kept out of his way. He was indeed glad to see that Aner’s love to his father Elyon had dwindled to a dim convention arid a hol- low external ism, but he was determined to secure him as an avowed votary of Ashmod. Aner was seated in the great window of his town-palace, which was surrounded by a lovely pleasance full of flowers. Two boys, of whom one was carrying to him his daily correspondence, were coming down the path, and were indulging the spontaneous exuber- ance of their mirth in constant antics, with bursts of laughter and snatches of song. 1 Those lads/ thought Aner, 1 are only sons of my humblest dependents, and they are far happier than I am. The remembrance of youth is a sigh/ One of his gardeners was hard at work watering and tending the flowers, and whis- tling a merry tune. * Light-hearted wretch ! 9 thought Aner, re- calling the line of a poet, He whistles as he goes For want of thought. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 67 He little fancies that the renowned Aner would gladly change places with him ! ’ Then he saw a young mother leading her little white-haired child by one hand, while in the other she was carrying * father ’ his breakfast. The labourer kissed his wife, and then he snatched up the little boy in his arms, and pressed his rosy cheeks against his own, and puffed out his own cheeks for the chub- by hands to push, and ran his rough fingers through the short sunny curls, murmuring en- dearing words to the little fellow all the while.- Aner sighed. ‘ What is all I pos- sess/ he said, * to the joy of that man’s home ? Why have I never made myself a home ? This is not a home ; it is a gorgeous prison.’ And then he murmured to himself : 4 There’s nothing in the world can make me joy ; Life is as tedious as a twice-told tale, Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man. Yes, the old epitome is right — we are bom weeping; we live unhappy; we die disap- pointed.’ Hara had concealed himself among the thick flowering shrubs, hard by the windows. * V' or- Digitized by 1 V / ’ t . til 68 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER ‘ Aner is weary of everything/ he said to himself. ‘ He will soon be ripe for the de- mon of the noonday.* He waited till evening, when, after the day’s routine of business, Aner returned to the desolate magnificence of his abode. Then Hara visited him — not like the Hara whom he had last seen, but a gay, courteous, smil- ing, handsome man of the world. ‘ Aner, my old friend,’ he said, ‘I am afraid that when last I saw you we did not part on good terms. You were in an excit- able mood, and perhaps I was inconsiderate. May I dine with you this evening ? And if you will allow me I will introduce to you my friend Iollas — a man of fine taste ; we might have a pleasant evening.’ Aner, his thoughts still under the shadow, welcomed the diversion, and he ordered for the use of his guests the wines which now he never touched. ‘ What ? do you still drink that ridiculous water, Aner ? ’ said Hara. ‘ That is why you are so moody. I am quite against excess ; I delight in moderation ; but I am sure a few glasses of good wine never did one any harm.’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 69 * Thanks,* said Aner, * I have not the least desire for it, and feel much better without it.* * But at least,* said Iollas, 1 you will take a glass with us to-day, if only for the sake of good fellowship, and that you may not seem to be passing upon us a silent censure.* * If you wish it,* said Aner, oblivious for the moment of his vow. ‘ I am now in no danger of its influence,’ he added to himself. He filled a glass, and drank to these pleas- ant gentlemen. Instantly the old passion leapt on him again — ‘ terrible, and with a tiger’s leaps* — and he took another glass and yet another, and began to feel the rich intoxicant flowing like lava through all his veins. But it was not Hara’s immediate object to startle him by a relapse into his old failing, and when dinner was over he proposed that they should all go and see a celebrated dancer named Phaedra, whose sprightliness and beauty, and poetry of rhythmic motion, were at that time the common theme of the Por- phyrians. 1 Oh, do,’ said Iollas ; ‘ Phaedra’s loveliness penetrates the heart like a sunbeam. She is Digitized by Google 70 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER the most radiant girl I ever saw. Nestor himself might have fallen in love with her.’ ‘ I do not go to see public dancers,’ said Aner. ‘ Oh, I forgot,’ said Iollas, with a slightly veiled sneer. ‘ Of course you are .a personage in the religious world. ’ ‘ There is a subtle taint about these danc- ing-halls,’ said Aner, offended; ‘ and the per- sons who frequent them are not at all to my taste.’ ‘This will never do,’ thought Hara. ‘ Aner is getting nettled, and Iollas will spoil all.’ ‘ You forget,’ he said, ‘ that Aner is a man of exquisite culture, and distinction, and re- finement. But really, Aner, Phaedra is quite exceptional, and there is not the least harm in her exhibition.’ ‘ A man of my position is too much stared at, and gives rise to idle talk if he goes to vulgar places of amusement,’ said Aner, still displeased. ‘ I agree with you,’ answered Hara; ‘ but a man of your position ought to know some- thing at first hand about the people, their dis- Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 7i sipations, and their way of life. Why should you not come with us incognito ? In five minutes I could so disguise you that you would not be recognisable by your dearest friend. ’ ‘ Do come/ said Iollas; * it would be de- lightful/ It was strange, but at that moment Aner thought he heard the voice of Hatob. It seemed to be uttered in the lowest whisper, yet it thrilled through him, and it said, * They know most of evil who know it least/ Aner yielded, though unwillingly. A large cloak, a wig, a false moustache, a few other touches which Hara skilfully added, changed his aspect so completely that he hardly knew himself. They drove to the hall ; and when they were there Hara whispered that, to avoid notice, they must do like the rest and order wine. He took care that it should be of the best, and Aner, uneasy in his present sur- roundings, took of it freely. Phaedra glided upon the stage amid deafen- ing greetings and showers of roses. She was young ; she was undeniably lovely. Her long, perfumed hair floated in waves over her shoul- Digitized by Google 72 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER ders ; her eyes were large and deep and lus- trous, with long dark eyelashes ; her cheek was glowing; her dress was light and gleamed with jewels ; her every movement in its subtle grace was like voluptuous music. Perhaps under other conditions Aner might have merely looked on with cold curiosity, or even with displeasure. But now the wine had inflamed his senses, and the light and the warmth, and the novelty and the excitement added irresistible potency to the spell of the sorceress. He fixed upon her his burning gaze; no step, no motion was lost upon him; and, was he mistaken, or did this fairy vision more than once turn her eyes upon him and answer his passionate and ardent gaze ? He was not at all mistaken. Hara had schooled Phaedra well. ‘ How enchantingly lovely ! ’ murmured Aner almost to himself ; but Hara overheard him, and laughed in his heart. When the dance was over, he said, ‘ I know Phaedra a little ; would you like me to introduce you to her ? ’ 1 1 should like nothing better,’ said Aner. ‘ Is she as good as she is beautiful ? ’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 73 ‘ Oh, quite ! * answered Iollas, concealing with difficulty the sardonic • smile which it tortured his lips to suppress. They went into a luxurious boudoir behind the stage, and Phaedra, who had a brother with her — or so she called him — whom she introduced by the name of Eutrapelos, re- ceived them, though she was still dressed in her jewelled gauze, with the most charming modesty and the sweetest decorum. She knew Iollas well, but concealed the fact, and spoke to Hara as a child might speak to an elderly friend for whom it does not much care. It was Aner whom she smote with her most cun- ning witchery, and dazzled with her most magical smiles. She was perfectly aware who he was, for Hara had told her ; but she care- fully concealed her knowledge, and addressed all her remarks as to a casual traveller, not to a great leader of the Porphyrian people. Phaedra was one of those sorceress women of the class to which Queen Cleopatra belonged- Her beauty had in it the same maddening spell as that of her who dragged so many kings and heroes to their ruin. Aner was the last of the visitors to bid her good-bye, for Digitized by Google 74 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Hara had managed that the others should precede him through the narrow passage. As soon as Hara dropped her hand, Aner seized it, and imprinted on it an impassioned kiss. Hara pretended not to notice it, but he could scarcely control the convulsively malignant amusement which it caused him. That night he went to the secret shrine of Ashmod to report progress, and the two yelled aloud with laughter, till ghosts and dark shadows, and grim fiends and ghastly spectres were dis- turbed, and began to flit like vampires about the unhallowed roofs. But when Aner was gone, Phaedra turned to her ‘ brother* — as it was convenient to call him — and cried with shrill merriment, ‘ Good heavens ! what a conquest ! who would have imagined that the distinguished, the eminent, the respectable Aner could be so caught ? This is serious, Eutrapelos. It means nothing less than marriage. An illustrious destiny is before you and me ! ’ * Hem ! * said Eutrapelos enigmatically. ‘ There are marriages and there are mar- riages ! ’ Digitized by Google VIII Badnavia yap <pavA. 6 rr/roS dpavpot rd xaXd. Wisdom t iv. 12. Within a few months thereafter it was publicly announced to the amazed Porphyrians that a marriage was arranged between the beautiful Phaedra, whom all the world ad- mired, and Aner, one of their most illustrious statesmen. Even Ashmod’s votaries were as- tonished. This was indeed bewitchment ! Phaedra might hereafter become a very Lilith or Naama. They repeated the announcement to each other with meaning smiles. The faithful subjects of King Elyon were grieved and scandalised. Phaedra had played her part with a skill as marvellous as her danc- ing. She had passed herself off as an ingen- uous maiden of good birth, left an orphan, compelled against her will to support herself by the public display of that poetry of mo- tion which was an inborn gift, and living a Digitized by Google 76 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER quiet and virtuous life under the guardianship of her good brother Eutrapelos. And as for Aner, trusting vainly in his own strength, never looking upwards, forgetting all that was best in the past, he had fallen a hopeless vic- tim to the demon of the noonday. He was infatuated by the fascination of a bad woman. His feeling for her bore no resemblance to holy love. Hatob could do but little, for Aner sedu- lously avoided him. Sometimes indeed Aner fancied that he heard in the inmost caverns of his heart the haunting of a voice which warned and troubled him; and once when Phaedra had been with him, there came to him, involuntarily, that thrilling whisper, simply recalling to him the words of the neg- lected and forgotten book which his father had given him : ‘ With her much fair speech she causeth him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him. He goeth after her straight- way as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks, till a dart strikes through his liver ; as a bird hasteth to the snare and knoweth not that it is for his life.’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ALTER 77 He was quite unable to prevent the words forcing themselves upon him; but then he seemed to hear Hara sneering, ‘ Obsolete Pharisaism ! * But the voice would continue, and it said, 1 Hearken unto me, therefore, 0 my children, and attend to the words of my mouth. Let not thine heart incline to her ways, go not astray in her paths. For she hath cast down many wounded ; yea, many strong men have been slain by her. Her house is in the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death. 7 At that moment Hara was announced, and poured out a torrent of felicitations to Aner on the good news that he had won such a gifted, such a lovely bride. ‘ Why, Aner, 7 he said, ‘ all the young men are dying with envy of you. They were in crowds at the virtuous Phaedra’s feet, and she has shown her calm good sense by rejecting every one of them, and choosing you. 7 The crisis seemed to Hatob so terribly serious that he felt it his duty to interfere. But perhaps his visit was ill-timed. Phaedra, bewitchingly attired, was seated on a rich foot- stool at Aner’s feet. His hand was on her Digitized by Google 78 THE LIFE STOR V OF ANER dark locks, enwreathed with gems; her liquid eyes were upraised to his own. He had been talking over with her the date to be fixed for the bridal day, and all her replies were low, and soft, and sweet. It was then that Hatob entered. Phaedra did not feel in the smallest degree embar- rassed, but Aner was. ‘ Let me introduce to you my future bride/ he said to Hatob in a constrained voice. ‘ Did you know her as she is, as all but your- self know her to be, she could never be your bride/ said Hatob gravely. ‘ You think yourself wise, but you have been egregiously befooled.' Phaedra leapt to her feet and uttered a cry. ‘Protect me, Aner/ she said, ‘from this calumniator.’ ‘Inquire for yourself, Aner/ said Hatob quietly. ‘ Mistake not an intoxicating and unhallowed frenzy for a pure and blameless love.’ But Aner’s blood was up and he would not listen. ‘ Leave me/ he cried, ‘ tormentor, I hate you ! For the second time I bid you let me never see your face again.’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF A HER 79 ‘ One word before I leave you for ever/ said Hatob, ‘ unless your own will summons me. This word * ‘ Not one word/ said Aner; and as Hatob seemed still about to speak, he seized him by the hair, and would have hurled him out of the room ; but suddenly he caught sight of the sapphire ring, which, after having for a time resumed a certain tinge of lustre, had again blanched to a deathful white. Sensible, by past experience, how solemn was the warn- ing, he felt a shock of agony strike through his nerves. Hatob' only turned on him a look of the deepest pity. * Farewell, Aner/ he said, without a touch of resentment. ‘ A fool must eat of the fruit of his own ways, and be filled with his own devices/ Digitized by Google IX The wandering of concupiscence doth undermine the simple mind. — Wisdom , iv. 12. Some time had passed. At first Aner lived as in a delirium of self-deceit. An en- chanted dream seemed to wave over his head its wild and fragrant wings. Ere six months were spent the dream had ended in ghastly disenchantment. The rus- tling masquerade was over; the dread reality began. He saw Phaedra as she was — beautiful, but partly by artificial aid ; intriguing ; rapa- cious; mean, touchy, indescribably common- place; habitually untruthful ; domineering; not to be trusted for a moment; wholly without intellect, or care for anything intel- lectual ; immensely extravagant ; panting for outrageous adulation ; without a particle of real love for him ; devoted, heart and soul, Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 81 to any one who would burn at her shrine the thickest fumes of flattery, the one incense which she most loved. And it was to this powdered and painted phantom, whose very hair was dyed, that he had, in infatuated pas- sion, impawned his life. She cared in reality for no being in the world except the handsome Eutrapelos, who, as Aner now discovered by accident, was not her brother at all. Aner sternly forbade him, on peril of his life, ever to set foot in the house again; yet he was tormented by the suspicion that he visited her in secret. Every day Phaedra showed herself more plainly in her native ugliness — as no longer a siren but a vulgar vixen. She displayed the unutterable odiousness and worthlessness of a character which was nothing but a shallow veneer of surface qualities — an assumed charm and simplicity of manner which was but the coloured film over depths of putrescent stag- nancy. The passion of her life was to win fresh adorers, by once more exhibiting her charms and her dancing on the public stage, under the glare of lamplight. Aner prohibited this' 6 Digitized by Google 82 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER with such sternness that she saw it would be impossible. She therefore indemnified her- self by giving banquets, preposterously sump- tuous, to her crowds of admirers. At these, when Aner was absent, she privately exhibited the dances, which, so far from seeming beau- tiful to her husband, now sickened him with disgust at their artificial and voluptuous same- ness. And this was the creature to whom the de- mon of the noonday had now linked him by indissoluble ties ! At first he had tried to awaken her dormant soul — to find if she could be aroused by any topic of human interest. But at once he stood appalled by the depths of an ignorance which, apart from experience, he would have deemed impossible. When he first detected her subterfuges, her ill-concealed passions, her mean intrigues, he tried expostulation. He might as well have tried to make a rock fruit- ful by sprinkling it with dewdrops. He be- gan to see that she could only be truly de- scribed as earthly, sensual, devilish. When she sailed down in splendid array to the silly and odious circle of male and female admirers Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 83 with whom she filled his house, she always . chose the evening light, which would not be- tray that her naturally pale cheeks were painted with cinnabar, her eyes artificially brightened with antimony, and her eyelids tinged with henna. When Aner saw her in this guise, she seemed to him barely human. He was filled with a revulsion of loathing not to be expressed. And, misled by unbridled passion, he had actually wedded this woman to help him to get rid of weariness and loneliness, and thinking that thus he would have a home ! Many a shameful and terrible scene took place between them. They were always ended on her part by fits of violence from - which he had to protect himself, or by floods of vituperation mingled with words which made him shudder, and by a succession of piercing screams, which, to his intense dis- gust, caused curious spectators to linger out- side the house. Strange tales began to be afloat about the brutality which Aner was asserted to exercise towards that charmer, his lovely and long-suffering wife ! The house of Aner became a pandemonium Digitized by Google 84 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER of hopeless wretchedness. * The fires of hell were burning upon his hearth. At least, however — if it were impossible to awaken her to any sense of shame, or to dis- cover in her any decent human quality — at least he determined to stop her in the mad career of squandering, which threatened, if unchecked, to exhaust even his wealth, and to reduce him to pauperism. At the morning meal they now used to meet w r ith no greet- ing, and never looked at each other without an expression of intense mutual aversion, mixed on both sides with vague fear. One day, as soon as the meal was over, she rose to sweep out of the room to the boudoir on which, though it was ugly with the worst in- congruousness, she had exhausted the powers of luxury. But Aner bade her stay. He was in a white heat of scorn and indignation. * Woman ! ’ he said. t Woman ! 1 she repeated with a scream ; ‘ how dare you so address me ? * ‘ Would you have me call you wife ? ’ he said, in a voice which rang with scorn ; ‘ even the title “ woman” is dishonoured by being applied to you. ’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 85 She snatched a silver ornament from the table, and hurled it at him, as she had flung such missiles before. It missed him, and with one stride forward he seized her by the two wrists, and, holding her as in a vice, while she trembled at the fury which blazed in his eyes, ‘ Woman,’ he said, ‘ the debts you have already contracted are pouring in upon me. That necklace of diamonds which you paraded last night round your neck, those earrings which hung down your painted cheeks ’ If a Took could have killed Aner, surely her glance would here have struck him dead, as she struggled to set herself free; but he continued — 1 Those ornaments alone cost as much as a king’s ransom. Your other extrava- gances, equally tasteless and monstrous, would, if continued, bring me before the year is over to utter ruin. This must cease. I have privately sent round to every leading merchant in this part of the Purple Island that no order you give is to be attended to. From this day I take the management of the household out of your hands. I have ordered your horses and carriages to be sold. I have Digitized by Google 86 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER had all the jewels, except those which in my original folly I gave you, sent back or sold. You shall give no more banquets in * this house. You shall turn over an entirely new leaf, or, at all costs, I will procure a separa- tion from you.* For a moment the blood seemed to congeal in Phaedra’s veins, and she grew pale as death. Then, recovering herself, she un- packed her evil heart in such curses and such vile terms as Aner had never heard. She rent the house with screams of diabolical rage and disappointment ; lastly, she snatched a knife from the table and aimed a blow with it at Aner’s face. Though latterly he had always been on his guard when speaking to her, he had barely time to dash her arm aside ; but she inflicted a gash upon his cheek. The many servants of the house, attracted by her screams, had been witnesses of this odious scene, and now some of her female attendants took hold of her and hurried her out of the room. Aner stood there, his wounded cheek streaming with blood, humili- ated beyond words to utter. For the next week he never saw her. She Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 87 was shut up in her room, but not a day passed which did not bring him fresh shocks of shame and disaster. The worst was a letter from his colleagues in the Porphyrian Govern- ment regretting that, in spite of their high estimate of his abilities, they regarded his marriage as so discreditable, and the scandals which had begun to attach themselves to his name as so flagrant, that, with great regret, they were compelled to request his resignation of his high office. He was thus suddenly and disgracefully hurled down from distinc- tion into insignificance. The servants gossiped ; the scandals spread. The successful always find intensely bitter critics in the malignant. It is the penalty of being great, Still to be aimed at. Like all public men, Aner had hosts of en- vious and unscrupulous enemies who felt a fiendish satisfaction in bespattering his name with mud. In every organ of news Aner saw himself held up to ridicule or execration. If he ventured into the streets, his acquaint- ances shunned him, or refused to notice his Digitized by Google 88 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER presence. The secretary of every club to which he belonged sent him a letter saying that a special club-meeting had been sum- moned, and he had been expelled from mem- bership. The most monstrous misrepresenta- tions about him were everywhere rife and everywhere believed. His fair-weather friends fell from him as leaves fall from a tree in winter. It seemed as if past envy left hiin no single defender. He did not know how to dissipate these calumnies ; he scarcely even cared to do so. And, as a last, drop in this thunderstorm of sudden calamities, he heard that one of the great undertakings in which his fortune was invested had unexpectedly collapsed, and that he was only left with a wreck and fraction of his former wealth. Crushed and stupefied by the storm of misfor- tune, in which financial as well as social ruin were but items, he seemed in his despair to be sinking to the very depths. Too much stunned for consecutive thought — smitten and pierced through and through by The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune — in the apparent hopelessness and finality of Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 89 his ruin, he turned once more to the old re- source of strong drink. He had broken his vow ; of what consequence was it if he broke it again ? Of what consequence was any- thing ? Let death come ; whatever it was it must, he thought, be better than such a life as this. The resource of suicide was often present to his mind. His friends seemed to have deserted him unanimously, and he sought no grace, no help. Though sunk to the depths, he would not look up. But something must be done; the future must be arranged for; his affairi must be set- tled. It happened that his physician, a good and tender-hearted man, hearing the rumour that he was in evil case, visited him. He found him seriously ill, ordered him change of air, and offered to place him under the care of a good and able young student, who would accompany him to the seaside as a compan- ion. Xenios, the steward whom Hatob had recommended to him, and for whom Aner had acquired a strong feeling of respect and affec- tion, would nurse him in his present weakness, and, above all, would see that he touched no strong drink. Digitized by Google X Di boni quam male est extra legem viventibus ! quod meruerunt, semper expectant. — Petronius. But, as though he were not already suffi- ciently ruined body and soul, Hara was anx- ious to destroy him utterly by goading him to seek revenge. While he was slowly gain- ing strength and the composure of despair amid the sea breezes, and was summoning his best faculties to meet the new conditions of his life, Hara managed that a letter, ad- dressed to Phaedra, should, by the intentional misdirection of an emissary in his service, be conveyed to the hands of Aner. He recog- nised the handwriting of Eutrapelos, and, tearing it open, found that it contained a pro- posal to Phaedra to fly with him in secret to some far-off place, after she had robbed the house of Aner of every available precious thing which had been left from the shipwreck of his fortunes. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER gi Jealousy and indignation at this crowning act of treachery determined Aner to hurry back to his house unannounced and at once. At his door he saw a beautiful little child of about four years old, playing among the flowers. He did not stop to notice him, though he felt a vague passing wonder who he was. He rushed in and searched for Phaedra in vain froip room to room. At last he be- thought him of a distant room in one of the turrets, in which he had amused himself by placing a collection of the arms of every age and nation. He entered, and there, seated on a divan, was Eutrapelos, while Phaedra’s arms were round his neck. The young man was startled out of his usual self-possession by the sudden interrup- tion. He sprang to his feet. ‘ Phaedra is my wife,’ he cried, in his dis- turbed alarm, as though to defend himself for having been seen with her. ‘ Your wife ! ’ exclaimed Aner with fierce indignation. ‘ She was my wife when you first saw her ; the little boy you must have seen outside your door is our son.* Digitized by Google 92 THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER * Then I am not married at all,* said Aner. * Oh, deadly and thrice-accursed villain ! * He advanced with the deliberate purpose of avenging his wrongs on Eutrapelos, whose lies and deeply dyed treachery had had no small share in accomplishing his ruin. The con- centrated force of his indignation seemed to give him an unnatural calm. He strode to the door, turned the key in the lock, and put it in his robe. Then, taking down two swords which were crossed on the wall, he flung one of them at the feet of Eutrapelos and said : ‘ Here and now we fight till one of us falls.* Eutrapelos did not wish to fight, but he had no choice. An actor by profession, he had been trained in the use of weapons. ‘ Do not fight ! * screamed Phaedra ; but the two were in such deadly earnest that they did not hear her, and, feeling her impotence, she could only shriek and wring her hands. It was clear from the first that the skill of Eu- trapelos was thwarted by his sense of guilt, and that Aner’s awful indignation made him irresistible. Before long, by a dexterous turn of his arm, Aner had whirled the sword of Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 93 Eutrapelos out of his grasp and lunged at him. Phaedra realised his danger, and, since Eu- trapelos was the only being she had ever loved, she rushed between them in the en- deavour to protect him. The result was inev- itable. Aner had no power to stay his arm. The thrust intended for Eutrapelos in fair fight pierced her and she fell. There was a horror-stricken pause. Eu- trapelos raised her in his arms, and laid her motionless on the divan. * You have killed her ! * he cried, and with a spasm of fresh fury, in which his eyes seemed to be starting out of his head, he seized his lost sword and rushed on Aner with mad impetuosity. Aner had barely time to spring back, and the fight began again. Eu- trapelos was worsted. As Aner pressed upon him he slipped and fell. In a moment the foot of his outraged adversary was on his breast and his sword-point at his heart. Then came to Aner the thrilling whisper, the flash of burning letters, which he always associated with the presence of Hatob. 1 For- give your enemy * were the words he seemed to hear, and the letters of fire which burned Digitized by Google 94 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER upon his brain were, * Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed.' He stayed his arm; he removed his foot from the breast of his prostrate foe. 1 Go,' he said, ‘ I give you your life ; * and, taking the key from his robe, he unlocked the door. ‘ Murderer ! ’ hissed Eutrapelos. 1 For this your head shall fall on the scaffold.* He turned and fled. Aner walked to the divan where Phaedra lay with the life-blood ebbing from her wound. He tried to stanch it; then he struck a blow on a great gong, and Xenios came, the faithful steward whom Hatob had chosen, whose advice and help were always wise and good. * Attend to her,* he said, pointing to Phae- dra. * Send at once for a physician ; send also for a minister of justice. It was my sword which pierced her, though it was by accident.* Xenios summoned Phaedra*s attendants. Silent, astonished, full of dreadful surmises, they lifted her apparently lifeless form, and carried her to her room. Aner, his head rest- ing on his hands, lost in anguish and horror, Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 95 sat motionless, awaiting the summons of jus- tice. Two archers of the government came and arrested him. He was led to prison. In a few days his trial followed. The judge told him that circumstances looked very black against him. Phaedra had been wounded; she still lay speechless; her life was despaired of. It was known that he was on the worst terms with her, and that their quarrels had been frequent and violent. He had been found alone in the room where she fell, his sword wet with blood. There was no evidence produced in favour of what he as- serted about the fight and the accident. Evi- dence less damning had brought many a man to the scaffold. ‘ Alas ! * added the compas- sionate judge, * who would have dreamed that the brilliant, the famous Aner, one of the leaders of the state, would ever have been reduced by his vices and passions to a posi- tion so disgraceful, so deplorable ? But the man who deliberately takes his first bad step soon finds that his path is on the edge of a precipice, where to stop still is impossible, to retreat is ruin, to advance is destruction. Jus- Digitized by Google 96 THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER tice walks with leaden feet, but she strikes with a hand of iron, and her stroke is death .’ 1 • Aner, too stricken and too hopeless to plead his own cause, had instructed an advocate simply to tell his unvarnished tale. He dis- dained to use either argument or appeal. If his destiny were to be averted, it should be by -the simple truth ; and if he were condemned, what could death be except a merciful release to one so wretched ? * Have you any witnesses to produce ? * asked the judge. ‘ If your story be true, surely Eutrapelos could be found; and at least some one must have seen him enter or leave your house.’ None spoke ; none pleaded for him ; then Xenios rose and asked for a remand. ‘ There was reason to believe,* he said, * that Eutra- pelos had escaped to a distant part of the Purple Island.’ A month’s remand was granted, and Aner spent it in the dreary prison cell. Then the trial was resumed. It was proved that Eu- 1 These words were actually addressed by an emi- nent judge to a well-known criminal. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 97 trapelos, accompanied by a child, had fled — proved also that he had carried with him gold and jewels from the house of Aner — but he had not been traced. And since it was un- questioned that Phaedra’s wound had been inflicted by the sword of Aner, it seemed in- evitable that justice should be left to take its course. Amid an awful hush the judge had assumed the black cap, and was about to pass sentence of death on Aner, when there was a stir at the door of the court and the wasted form of a woman was carried in on a litter. * Who is this ? * asked the judge. 1 It is Phaedra,* answered Xenios, 4 who is called the wife of Aner, but was in reality the wife of Eutrapelos. She has something to say.* The couch was carried between the judge’s chair and the dock of the prisoner. 4 What have you to say ? * asked the judge compas- sionately. She raised her wan hand, and, pointing to Aner, said, amid breathless silence, in a voice scarcely audible : ‘ He has told the truth. He is innocent. 7 Digitized by Google 98 THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER I have terribly wronged him. I ran in between them. He did not mean to hurt me. I could not die till I had told the truth respecting the man against whom I have sinned so fear- fully.’ When she had said this she fainted away and was carried out. That night she died. The judge consulted his assessors. The intercepted letter which Eutrapelos had writ- ten to Phaedra was produced ; other slightly confirmatory evidence was brought forward. Letters were handed into court which Phaedra had given to Xenios, proving that Eutrapelos had promised to be with her in the armoury at the time when Aner had surprised them, and had arranged with her to strip the house of every portable treasure and to fly with their child. Aner was acquitted and discharged from prison. For days he had not uttered a word. He stepped forth a ruined, blighted, haunted man. The faithful Xenios conducted him to the house which it would now have been an irony to call his home. As he entered the hall he summoned up energy enough to say, c Xenios, Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 99 I have lost all. Sell this house and grounds; sell all my pictures and works of art ; pay all my servants and discharge my debts. When this is done, let me know ; enough may still be over to support the remainder of my wretched life in deep seclusion. * ‘ Despair not, dear master/ said Xenios. i Hatob bade me be faithful to you, and I will. You have been a kind master to us all. I will not leave you in your misfortunes. Pardon me if I dare to say that you need some one to watch over you . 1 * I know what you mean, Xenios ; but I shall be far too poor to pay your wages. 1 c Think not of it, sir/ said Xenios. ‘I have enough.* Aner was touched even to tears. i Is there/ he thought, * is there, after all, such a thing in the Purple Island as one disinterested friend ? What have all my mouth-friends done for me ? Which of them has helped me ? Which of the old gay companions of my youth showed anything but a cruel rejoicing over my fall ? Which of my many flatterers held out a hand to help me ? Ah, me ! ah, me ! Why did Elyon make such 81016 B Digitized by Google IOO THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER a miserable and worthless race? Oh, Hatob ! Hatob ! ’ Scarcely had he uttered the cry when Hatob came. ‘ My Aner/ he said, ‘ my Aner ! Oh, I am glad that you have summoned me again.* Aner could not speak ; he could not even look at Hatob; he averted his head, while the tears coursed each other down his fur- rowed face. * Have I ever misled you, Aner ? * he asked. ‘ Has not all happened as the King Elyon warned you that it would ? What have you gained by giving your heart to Hara? Has he bestowed upon you a single blessing ? Has he in one thing showed himself a friend ? * Aner shook his head . ‘ All is lies/ he murmured, * all is treach- ery, all illusion, all wretchedness.’ ‘ Not all/ said Hatob. i When Imrah came to the Purple Island to deliver you and King Elyon’ s other sons, you know what they made him suffer. But did he despair ? And was his life of love less radiant, less lovely, less real ? What has reduced you to this depth of misery ? ’ Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER ioi ‘ It is the bitter fruit of those things of which I am now ashamed, Hatob, ’ said Aner; ‘ but, though I am ashamed of them, their poison is in all my veins. I shall go on weakly sinning and half repenting; loathing what I am, yet continuing to be what I am ; loathing what I do, yet continuing to do what I loathe, till death ends my misery, or begins one yet more awful. Oh, let me curse the hour which called me into existence ! 1 Hatob spoke not, yet it was as if he spoke, for Aner saw glowing before him the words, * Lift up thine eyes to the hills, whence com- eth thy help.’ But Hatob let Aner’s heart go sorrowing through all the guilty past : — from such shame might spring holy sorrow and determined resolution. 1 Oh, Aner,* he said at last, * I send the faithful Xenios with you to watch over you, lest you should again relapse into drunkenness. He can guard your habits ; only Elyon can guard, only Imrah heal, only their spirit inter- cede for your heart. Hope lasts while life lasts. You have read what the poet says : Man, what is this ? and why art thou despairing? God shall forgive thee all but thy despair.’ Digitized by Google XI He would have spoke, But hiss for hiss returned with forked tongue To forked tongue. — Milton, Paradise Lost , x. 536. Hara again visited at midnight the secret grove of Ashmod. Hara was gnashing his teeth with vexation, and Ashmod was in a savage mood. * What are we to do now ? * asked Hara. * Again and again from the verge of destruc- tion Aner is snatched from us. I should not wonder if he escaped after all.’ * There is yet a chance for our hatred and revenge,’ said Ashmod. ‘ He is wounded already, deeply wounded. We will track him down; he shall not escape us.’ ‘ I tried the imps Flattery and Softness on his youth,* said Hara, ‘ and they perverted him ; I tried the plausible fiends of Gold and Glitter on his early manhood and he was en- tangled by them; I tried the evil ghoul of Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 103 Drink and he hopelessly succumbed ; then we agreed to try Lilith, the demon of the noonday, and she fettered him, and he seemed to be ours, body and soul. When she failed, I sud- denly turned the fierce spirit Revenge upon him; but he forgave his enemy. All our emissaries have more or less succeeded, yet he has at the last shaken them off. He has been desperately wounded in the house of these his friends, yet at this last moment, af- ter all, Hatob is beside him and the spirit of Imrah, our worst enemy, is wrestling with him to deliver him from me and from his lower self. Had we not better give him up and hunt other game ? * ‘ I never give up any Porphyrian till he dies,’ said Ashmod ; ‘ warfare with me has no discharge.’ ‘ Have you an arrow left unbroken in your quiver ? have you yet a demon whom he can- not conquer ? The others, all but the drink- ghoul, have given him up ; and from him, as you know, there is an easy protection which he has tried before, and probably will again.’ ‘ I have one potent fiend more/ said Ash- mod. Digitized by Google 104 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER ‘ Male, or female this time ? * asked Hara. ‘ Female.’ ‘ Her name ? ’ ‘ Akedia, the spirit of moping melancholy and utter weariness of life.’ Hara clapped his hands. ‘ I know her ; she frequents the tombs of the lost. She is death in life. Her home is in the waste places, fertile in sorrow. She lives in darkness which may be felt. She fills houses with the sound of ghostly footfalls which approach at midnight. She can summon spectre after spectre, gaunt and grey, to stare on haunted men with hollow eyes. She can become a fury, scattering dust and ashes over the blighted garden of human lives. She is own sister to Mania, and at last, in many an in- stance, hands over her victims to her brother, the demon of Suicide ; — and then we tri- umph.’ ‘Yes,’ said Ashmod, ‘ and never was a soul more ready to be her prey than that of Aner. In any case it is something that we have made him grieve the heart of Imrah, and have marred the plans of our enemy El yon.’ He had scarcely spoken when thunder Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 105 crashed over the dark grove. A thunderbolt smote from its pedestal and shattered on the black marble floor a monstrous idol. With a yell Ashmod leapt quaking from his throne, while Hara crouched down and hid himself from the intolerable blaze behind the frag- ments of the idol, and in that fierce illumi- nation he saw demons clinging together in their fright. The grim temple was filled with suphurous fumes, and the fiends trembled lest another bolt from heaven should bury them in its ruins. But Ashmod soon recovered from his terror ; and next morning Akedia glided forth, robed in tattered and dismal grey, to hide herself in Aner’s dwelling and fill it with gibbering ghosts. She glided in unseen, but as she en- tered he felt a deadly chill congeal his heart. Digitized by Google XII Oh that this too too solid flesh would melt. Thaw and dissolve itself into a dew. Or that the Everlasting had not placed His canon 'gainst self-slaughter. Hamlet , Act i. Sc. 2. Aner had turned his back upon the world of ingratitude and disappointment, of mock- ing illusions and hollow hopes. He had chosen for his abode a cottage upon the lovely shore of the Purple Island, near a humble fishing village called Klydon. Except Xenios, no one was with him. His riches had made themselves wings and flown away. His men- tal gifts, devoted mainly to self-interest, had produced little that was not futile. His fame had vanished like the gleams of a me- teor in the darkness. He had found 'that * smoke and lukewarm water ’ was the perfec- tion of friendships based only on the lowest affinities. His pleasures had been as the fra- Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 107 grance of a fruit whose taste is poison, the glitter of a serpent whose sting is death. He had worshipped the idol, self, and now * the dead idol stretched out its withered hand to a miserable worshipper who had nothing more to give.’ He gave himself up to misery. He could not rouse himself to seek the grace which could alone redeem the useless perversion of his life. The thoughts of King Elyon had been dimmed within him almost to oblitera- tion. Xenios had purposely saved from the dispersion of his pictures one which repre- sented Imrah, as the Good Shepherd, seated wearily in the stony wilderness whither he had followed a young strayed lamb. The Fair Shepherd had taken it in his arms, and was nourishing it in his bosom, and underneath was written : I did all this for thee : What wilt thou do for me ? Aner looked at it sometimes, for it was beau- tiful as a work of art; but if it suggested anything to him, he put the thought away. Everything seemed to him too late. The Digitized by Google 108 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER fatal shadows of his past sins walked with him like evil angels. He had reached i that most disastrous page in the volume of life on which is inscribed the words, “ Gratified desires.” * All that followed was first disenchantment, then ruin, and now a ghastly blank. His youth had vanished like morning dew, and he was possessing its iniquities. His beauty had consumed away, like a moth fretting a garment. He had often regarded as common- place the age-long cries of human satiety and human disappointment. Now he felt their meaning with all the agonising intensity of personal experience. To him Time was a maniac scattering dust, And Life a fury slinging flame. He knew now that life which once looked so full of meaning and blessedness could become no better than A tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury Signifying nothing. He had books — but of what use was it any longer to read? what could books bring him ? Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 109 Much reading became to him but a weariness of the flesh. He had no employment, no aim in life. He had no friends except Xenios, who, though true and kind, could not share his thoughts. He seemed to have sunk out of life before his time. Of what use was life ? of what use was anything ? He was haunted by memories, and the sense of enormous loss. Akedia was getting possession of him, heart and soul. The whole philosophy of life’s ex- perience seemed to him to be summed up in the cry of thrice-doubled emptiness — ‘ Vanity of vanities,’ saith the Preacher, * vanity of vanities, all is vanity.’ If he could have plucked up courage to summon Hatob to his side for counsel and consultation, all might have been well ; but had he not struck Hatob ? had he not cursed him, and driven him from his presence ? would Hatob care for the withered leaves of so dead a flower as his friendship now ? And how could he call for help to King Elyon ? If he was King Elyon’s son, had not Elyon long ago despised and rejected him ? would he not spurn him from his presence as a dis- owned and disinherited rebel, fit only for Digitized by Google no THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Ashmod*s den ? If he had offered to his high Father, as a flower in the bud, his early years, that would have been an acceptable sac- rifice; but who could care for the gift of flaccid leaves and broken stalks ? Alas ! do not Lilies that fester smell more rank than weeds ? Yet Hatob did not really desert him. The flash, the whisper, which betokened Hatob* s care for him, came to him again and again. It was Hatob* s hand alone which seemed to pluck him back from the edge of the precipice. It was Hatob who, amid his musings of despair, suggested to him the possibility of hope by recalling to his mind at one time such a thought as ‘ O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thy help; * and, at another, ‘ If any man sin, it shall be forgiven him.* But if, for a moment, the letters gleamed before his imagination, too soon the waves of a sea of darkness seemed to overflow them, and the roar of its devouring billows drowned the still small voice. The ocean shore which Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER hi was the favourite scene of his lonely wander- ings tended to deepen his melancholy. The broad waste of wandering foam with its ebb and flow, its meaningless unending murmur, its illimitable and briny barrenness, the aim- less and endless plashing of its ineffectual surge — was it not an emblem of his futile life ? And now Akedia had so thoroughly suc- ceeded in making all the uses of the world seem to Aner to be weary, flat, stale, and un- profitable, that Hara was eagerly awaiting his final success. When Akedia* s task was ended, she would hand over Aner to her brother, the fiend of Suicide, and the Purple Island would know him no more. So Hara visited him ; pretended to condole with him ; heard, and echoed, and heightened all his complaints, that his life was a dreary and useless burden. Then in a tone of hypocritical sympathy, painting all things even worse than they were, Hara threw out hints about death, which he described as a peace which could never more be broken, a calm refuge, a stormless haven, a dreamless and eternal sleep. And just as Hatob often tried to influence Digitized by Google 1 12 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER Aner’s mind by mentally emphasising to him all the best and noblest truths which he had ever read, which he carried in his retentive memory, so Hara had a way of making such Jines as these ring in his brain : My wine of life is poison mixed with ggll, My noonday passes in a nightmare dream ; I worse than lose the years which are my all : What can console me for the loss supreme ? Thus, over and over again, Aner was tempted to self-murder. How could he go on endur- ing — week after week, month after month — these futile yesterdays and wearisome to-mor- rows ? Of what use was it for him, or for any one else, to groan every morning, ‘ Would God it were evening ! 9 and every evening, * Would God it were morning ! 9 The watch- ful solicitude of Xenios had prevented him from taking refuge in drink, and so striving 1 to steep his senses in forgetfulness ; 9 but now Xenios had constantly to watch him lest he should seek opportunities for suicide. He carefully moved out of Aner’s way everything which might tempt him to a dangerous on- slaught upon his own existence. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 113 But one day when Aner was aimlessly turn- ing out the contents of some old boxes, filled with the relics of his sold possessions, he found something which might have fetched a price, but had been accidentally overlooked. It was a dagger with fine point, double-edged ; its handle set with jewels. Xenios evidently did not know that it was there. Aner posi- tively clutched at it and hid it in his robe. And now the dagger constantly appealed to him ; floated before his eyes in his sleepless- ness ; shone before him at night as with a su- pernatural glitter; seemed to offer its jewels to his hand when he felt it beneath his dress where he always wore it. It became like a thing alive ; there seemed to be something devilish in its fascination. The Evil One was upon him ! He would struggle no longer ; he would end it all ! He wandered away along the desolate shore. The village of Klydon, near which was his cottage, did not number more than a thousand inhabitants. They were all peasants, for the most part poor fishing people. He rarely walked in that direction. He preferred the sand-dunes with their bright green shrubs, and 8 Digitized by Google 1 14 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER the yellow sands, and the great rocks and cav- erns. Often in stormy weather he would watch the billows lashing themselves upon the rocks of the headlands, and falling back baffled in sheets of spray, only to come wildly leaping up once more, to be again shattered by the same fate. Were they not an emblem of man’s defeated life — at any rate of his own ? Did they not furnish a living picture of the strife Of poor humanity’s afflicted will, Struggling in vain with ruthless destiny ? And those ever-hungry sea-birds which waved their white wings above the crawling ripples beyond, was not their plaintive cry like an unceasing dirge, wailed over the salt un- plumbed sea of life ? Sometimes, when Aner desired to be if possible more lonely still, he would plunge into one of the wild glens down which moun- tain streams forced their rock-impeded course to the sea, where the cormorants built their nests, and over which, in search of prey, the eagles poised themselves on seemingly mo- Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 115 tionless pinions, or sailed in majestic slowness through the azure air. Into one of these glens he wandered on this oppressive afternoon, thinking in his heart that it would be a fitting scene for the deed he meditated. He said to himself that in so rarely visited a nook his body might lie undiscovered for days, till the ravens had picked out the eyes, and the gorged vultures had flapped heavily away from the tom flesh, and the wolves and the wild dogs ceased to snarl over the white bones. Again the flash, the thrill, the whisper! If there was one thing about which Aner had prided himself more than another, it was that he was a brave man ; but now the words gleamed before him, and the voice whispered to him: When all the blandishments from life are gone, The coward slinks to death, the brave live on. It was in vain ! ‘ Barren verbiage/ he ex- claimed to himself; ‘unprofitable morality. It may do for the innocent and the happy. What can it mean for me ? What profit is there in a doomed and bootless life ? * Digitized by Google n6 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER ‘ Why need it be bootless ? * flashed the question. ‘ Because,’ he answered to himself, ‘ its gifts have all been squandered, its oppor- tunities all thrown to the winds, its beauty is consumed away in the sepulchre out of his dwelling. All over my life has been written the doom, “self-destroyed.” I cannot face this misery any longer. If death be but a change from monotonous anguish, let the irrevocable come.* He was on the point of accomplishing his fell purpose, when a youth, who had been fishing in the upper reaches of the stream, passed by him, touched his cap and bade him ‘ good-day.’ It was but a momentary interruption. ‘ He bade me good-day,’ said Aner to himself ; ‘ it is an utterly evil day for me.’ And he mur- mured to himself the lines : * What is good for a bootless “ bene ” ? ’ The forester to *he lady said. And she made answer, 4 Endless sorrow,’ For she knew that her son was dead. ‘ Yes, she knew that her only son was dead, and I know that for me every conceivable Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 117 hope is dead and buried under unfathomable seas. ’ He waited till the youth’s figure had disap- peared among the windings of the glen, and then resumed his interrupted purpose. He drew out the dagger from the folds of his robe. The sun flashed on it; the light ran and played about the jewels of the hilt; it looked lovely to him ; he kissed it. And Hara’s words came back to him as though Hara himself had said them in his ear : * Death is a calm refuge, a stormless haven, a dreamless and eternal sleep.’ He raised the dagger in the air ; it flamed before him in the sunlight ; one instant more, it should be buried in his heart, and all would be over. He did not fear the force or cer- tainty of his own strong stroke. And even at the moment when his arm was raised to strike, and his destiny trembled in the balance, and Ashmod and Hara were watching him from a cavern hard by with a fiendish leer upon their faces — even at that moment he was startled by a cry of terror. Xenios had two children : one, a boy of ten years old, named Krates, a brave, adventur- Digitized by Google 1 1 8 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER ous little fellow, who feared nothing ; the other, named Philos, a lovely child of six. Aner had often noticed them playing at no great distance from him on the shore, some- times alone, sometimes with other comrades. But, though he had always been fond of chil- dren, he had never shown any kindness to them. This disinclination to take the least notice of his little boys was a cause of disap- pointment to their father, who hoped that their mirth and innocent prattle might some- times have cheered his master’s moody thoughts. Aner, however, had thought to himself, ‘ I have nothing in common with children now. Why should my soiled un- happy life be like a clouding blight on the blossom of their young days ? They would instinctively shun me ; I should but quench their laughter and spoil their games.’ The children, however, in their adventurous rambles often liked to be near Aner. They felt a man’s presence to be a protection to them amid possible and unknown perils ; and their father and mother rather encouraged them to run and play in the direction he had taken, as it made them feel less anxiety Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 119 in case the children should fall into any danger. The little boys never obtruded themselves on the notice of the sad and solitary wan- derer ; but this day also they had followed his steps unobserved, and had been delighted to see him turn into the glen, which — since wild creatures were said sometimes to haunt its caverns — had for them a certain glamour of fearful mystery, such as they would not have dared to face alone. Though he did not know it, they had been within a stone’s throw of him when he had flashed his dagger in the sun. Strolling hand in hand behind him, unheard, unno- ticed, they had entered a cave hard by, to look for the crimson and purple sea-anemones which gleamed like flowers round its still pools. But they had only advanced a few steps into its entrance when they saw the green eyes of a wolf glaring through the darkness. They turned and fled with screams of terror ; and the gaunt grey wolf, whose midday slumber had been disturbed by the sound of their voices, first lazily shook him- self, then showed his white teeth and snarled, Digitized by Google 120 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER then made a bound towards them. There was a huge rock by the cave’s mouth, behind which they ran to hide themselves ; but the wolf came sniffing round it — and it was at this moment that they raised the second cry of fear, startlingly close to him, which had arrested the uplifted dagger of Aner. A glance showed him the situation, and showed him further that, without assistance, one of those fair children could hardly fail to fall a victim to the monster’s teeth. The shout which he raised seemed to him both involuntary and of quite preternatural strength. It arrested and frightened the wolf; and Aner, stooping to the ground, hurled at it a mass of rock which lay at his feet; and again seemed to himself to have hurled it with strange force and certainty of aim. It smote the wolf on the head, and brought him half-stunned to the earth. Then Aner — his dagger ready to his grasp — sprang forward, and with a rush reached the crea- ture’s prostrate body, which was still convulsed with fierce spasms. The dagger gleamed in the hot sunlight, and then was dimmed in the wolf’s blood, as Aner with strong thrusts Digitized by Google THE LIFE STOR Y OF ANER 121 pierced it again and again, till it gave one last spasm and was dead. The rescue took but one or two moments, and the boys watched it as if magnetised. When they saw that the wolf was dead, the younger child flew to Aner, flung his little arms round his neck, kissed him again and again, and lisped, ‘ You a good man ! you a dear man ! you saved us from the horrid wolf.* ‘ But you had a very narrow escape, my child,* said Aner; and, moved by the child’s gratitude, and the touch of the soft little hands upon his neck, and the sweet rosy cheek against his own, he felt the tears course each other down his face. 'Don’t cry! don’t cry!’ said the child, still caressing him. ' We safe now ; you a good man, a dear man ! * The elder boy came to him more shyly, but took his hand, and looked up into his eyes and thanked him. ‘ But for you, sir,’ he said, ‘ the wolf would have killed us both.’ The boy looked at the monster’s hideous carcase and shuddered. ‘ May we come home with you ? ’ he asked. ' Do, my boy,’ said Aner, for he saw that Digitized by Google 122 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER the children were still in a state of terror from their recent danger. ‘ And will you carry me ? * said the little boy. Aner, surprised at himself, took up the little prattler on his arm, while the elder brother held his other hand. From the door of' the cottage the wife of Xenios saw them coming along the sands. ‘ Xenios,* she cried, 1 look ! * ‘ What is it ? * said Xenios, ‘ an earthquake or an eclipse ? * ‘ Only look ! * said his wife ; and when Xenios saw Aner with the arms of one rosy child round his neck, and leading the other by the hand, he was no less glad and aston- ished than his wife — the more so because the oppressed and solitary man seemed to be in animated conversation with both of his young companions. Aner felt a little embarrassed when he saw the parents watching this unexpected devel- opment ; but when the children caught sight of them Krates ran forward, and little Philos wanted to be put down to tell them the won- derful news. The story of the wolf was nar- Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 123 rated in a perfect rush of words by both the children, and the father and mother thanked Aner with a transport of gratitude. ‘Will you take my dagger, Xenios, and clean it for me ? * said Aner. ‘ It is red and clotted with the wolf’s blood; and — I think, Xenios — you had better keep it for me.’ ‘ I will, sir,’ said Xenios gravely. ‘ I did not know that you possessed it, but you have made noble use of it.* ‘ I found it a week or two ago,’ said Aner, in a rather guilty and conscious tone ; 1 but I don’t want it.’ He left the happy parents and the happy boys, and — preserved from a yet worse danger than they — he flung himself face downwards on the ground to deplore with tears of shame and penitence his purpose of self-murder, and to give thanks that he had been permitted to do a blessed deed. And when he slept he dreamed that his radiant brethren from Elyon’s palace tuned for him their golden harps, and sang their brightest melodies; and that Imrah himself looked gently down on him, and said in a voice of benediction : ‘ Aner, live for others ! 1 Digitized by Google XIII A MAN WHO LIVED FOR MEN My own hope is a sun shall pierce The thickest cloud earth ever stretched ; That after last returns the first, Though a wide compass round be stretched ; That what began best can’t end worst, Nor what God blessed onte prove accurst. Browning. Next morning little Philos came into his room, climbed upon his bed, and kissed him. And when he came down, nothing would con- tent the children but that he should promise in the afternoon to have a game of play with them. They had summoned their little com- rades from the village and insisted on his re- enacting the whole adventure of the wolf. The biggest boy in the school was to act the wolf, and Aner with imagniary fierceness had to stun him with an invisible stone, and de- spatch him with an imaginary dagger. Then Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 125 he had to tell them stories, and devise games for them, and join in their games; and the tender winning arts of Philos and the other little ones softened and brightened him, and charmed away his sullen wrath and melan- choly. Gradually he grew to love them all as though they were his own children, and to consider all their interests. Seeing their many disadvantages and limitations, he longed to elevate and brighten their poor little lives ; and it happened to him at this time that he received an unexpected increment from the wreck of his fortunes, which placed means at his command. Akedia stole back discomfited to the shrine of Ashmod. As she left the threshold Aner felt his heart grow sensibly more warm. * Why are. you leaving him ? 1 asked Hara, who met the grey spectre as she slunk through the twilight. 1 He is surrounded by merry and innocent children,* she answered. ‘ My chance is gone. * Step by step Aner became absorbed in the endeavour to help the village children. He built them a school and a gymnasium. He Digitized by Google 126 THE LIFE STORY OF AFTER paid an excellent teacher to give them wise and healthful education for their minds, and a young athlete to train their bodies. He next founded for them a humble technical school in which they were taught the elements of arts and crafts ; — so that in a very few years the boys and girls of this village became famed for their usefulness and good training, and obtained employment in the Purple Island far more readily than they would otherwise have done. One day a little fellow took him to see his sick father. Aner not only helped and com- forted the suffering fisherman, but, using the skill and information he possessed, hastened his complete recovery. He won such a repu- tation for wisdom that the poor population began to consult him for all their. needs. He became the helper, the adviser, the physi- cian, the arbiter of the villagers. He was constantly studying their happiness. He pro- cured for them seeds and flowers, and fruit trees, and encouraged them to sow and plant, until the seaside village became famous for its fertile orchards and redolent with' blossoming gardens. He had a sheltered harbour built Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 127 for them, so well planned that it became available for miles along the rockbound coast and saved the fishermen from many a peril of the sea. When the ear heard him it blessed him, and when the eye saw him it gave witness to him. But, while all were grateful to him, it was always with the children that he continued to be the prime favourite, and they were nearest and dearest to his heart. During the time which these works occupied he was very happy — far happier than he had ever been before. The words of Imrah, 1 Aner ! live for others ! 1 acted on him as a perpetual incentive and encouragement. He was amazed to find how deep was the blessedness of doing good. He had become cynical about human nature in former days, and had come to the conclusion that there was in the world no disinterested- ness, no gratitude. But now he found it quite otherwise. The best qualities of those around him expanded into fragrance as a flower unfolds its bloom to the summer sun- light. Not a boy or girl in Klydon who did not love him. The children welcomed his presence with a shout of joy whenever he Digitized by Google 128 THE LIFE STOR V OF ANER came among them. They seemed to be weav- ing round his heart the fresh garlands of their young gladness. And now, to his great joy, Hatob was constantly with him, truest of his counsellors, dearest of his friends ; and Hara rarely came near him, though sometimes he saw his disfigured face scowl upon him from a distance. Once or twice when Hara visited him with cynical sneers and disparaging sug- gestions, calling his life ‘ provincial and com- monplace and goody-good/ and trying to tempt him back to the world and to Ashmod, Aner would break away from him and call for Hatob, or would secretly entreat Elyon to send him help ; — and then Hara always turned away and left him. And he felt one new source of infinite help and comfort in the fact that the sapphire ring, which for many a long day had been of a deathful white, now began to glow once more — faintly at first, but with ever-increasing brightness — with the blue of heaven. His benefactions had now been so wise, so large, and so eminently helpful, that with the aid of what he had recovered from his wealth he had completely uplifted into prosperity the Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 129 fortunes of the village. The chief inhabi- tants combined in a plan to rear for him a memorial of their gratitude, in the form of a statue, under which were to be carved the words : ‘TO ANER THE GOOD.* When Aner heard of it he summoned them all to meet him. He thanked them, but begged that they would give him no such title. He was more than repaid by their affection. They had alluded to all which he had tried to do for their children who were present; but ‘Oh, my children/ he said — and his eyes grew dim as he spoke — ‘ I ask no other reward than that you should lift for me your little white hands to Elyon and cry, “ O King, be merciful to thy poor servant Aner.” And you, my friends/ he said, ‘ have contributed your money to raise me a statue. I deserve no statue. I desire no statue. It would only cause me pain. Spend the money on a little beacon light, to be kindled on every dark and stormy night upon yonder jutting headland. There has been 9 Digitized by Google 130 THE LIFE STORY OF AN ER many a shipwreck there. If there had been a beacon, some poor vessel might have been saved. * They agreed to do this ; and then, as had been preconcerted, the children came up with wreaths and flowers for Aner. The chair on which he sat was heaped around with pres- ents, and his heart was very full. It became almost too full when the sturdy Krates led the boys in three mighty cheers for him, which multiplied themselves many times, and when Philos, who had long been the child of his heart, took his hand, and sang in his sweet voice a song which had been written in his praise. When all the rest joined in the chorus, and the air thrilled with the intense sincerity of many voices, Aner had to hide his face in his hands that they might not see his tears. Digitized by Google XIV A MAN WHO DIED FOR MEN 4 You would not let your little finger ache For such as these ! * 4 But I would die ! ’ she said. Tennyson. The turret which was to bear on its summit the beacon light was begun at once ; but be- fore it could be finished there occurred one of the terrific storms which thundered for leagues along that iron coast. The villagers were roused by the news that a vessel had been driven upon the headland. The shrieks of the helpless crew were heard above the rage of the elements, and without help — which it seemed impossible to give — every soul on board must perish. Almost the whole popu- lation of Klydon hurried to the headland, and with them Xenios and Aner. The vessel, a fine and large one, had run upon an isolated rock at a little distance from the end of the headland. The wreck crashed, and creaked, Digitized by Google 132 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER and shuddered, and swayed to and fro, as bil- low after billow burst over it and buried it in deluges of blinding foam. It was certain that very soon it must be dashed to pieces. After a short space the shrieks were heard no more ; but clinging to the shrouds of the mainmast, when for a moment the full moon gleamed through some rift in the black clouds, were just visible the figures of a man, and of a boy who clung to him — apparently the sole survivors left upon the wreck. The horror of the position, the knowledge that one of the survivors was a child, agonised the hearts of all the spectators ; but what could be done ? no boat could live for a mo- ment in that hell of waters. ‘ Oh, they must be saved ! they must at all costs be saved ! * cried Aner, wringing his hands. ‘ A large reward for any sailor or fisherman who will rescue them ! * No one dared to face so frightful a peril, and Aner seemed to hear a voice saying to him, * Would you risk the lives of others and not your own ? Most of these poor men have wives and children. You are alone in the world.* Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 133 ‘ I am,’ he answered aloud. * Xenios, tie this long rope tightly round my waist. It will reach to the rock on which the ship has struck. I will try to save those two poor wretches/ ‘ It will be awfully dangerous, sir/ said Xenios. * I know it/ said Aner ; * but I am a strong swimmer and a skilled diver; and I am quite calm, and there is a chance/ * Don’t be such an utter and amazing fool/ hissed the voice of Kara, who had crept up to him unseen in the darkness. 1 What is the unknown man to you ? Think how useful you are ! Besides, it will be suicide over again/ ‘ It will be nothing of the kind/ said Aner. * To die in the effort to save others is not sui- cide ! * And as he turned resolutely from Hara, the flash, the throb, the whisper, which he associated with the thought of Hatob, came to him, and therewith the picture of Imrah, and the words : I did all this for thee : What wilt thou do for me ? It decided him. * Tie the rope round me, Digitized by Google 134 THE LIFE STORY OF ALTER Xenios, ’ he said — for Xenios had hesitated — € and fear not/ While it was being tied, the boy Philos clung to him, and amid the tumult of the crowd Aner heard him sob forth, ‘ Oh, don’t go ! don’t go ! my second father, what should we do without you ? Look at those waves ! ’ And indeed — as he spoke — in tem- pestuous force, as though with the rush of thousands of white, leaping steeds, and with blinding, drenching cataracts of spray, a huge breaker shattered itself to pieces on the rock, and, with a roar and hiss, flung its scarcely expended fury almost at their feet. Aner raised Philos in his arms and kissed him. t Lift your innocent hands to Heaven for me, my child,’ he said ; and, as the breaker was falling back into the deep, conscious of all his danger, commending himself to Elyon in one agony of prayer, he plunged, and dived through the next billow before it burst. In the dim light the people, with beating hearts, saw him reach the rock, clutch it with his hands, and climb the vessel’s side. He quickly mounted the mast and took the child from the man’s arms. ‘ No time for words,’ he said to the child. Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 135 ‘ Cling to my back ; let nothing make you let go. . . . Now ! ’ He had watched his opportunity after the burst of another monstrous billow; he dived through the swell of the next, and struck out with mighty strokes. The trained and hardy fishermen ran down the rocky shingle in the wake of the ebbing wave, and as they hauled at the rope, he was drawn safely to shore, battered indeed, and hurled about by the storm, but safe. The boy whom he had res- cued had lost consciousness. * Attend to him, Xenios,' he said, * and, if I perish, train him with your own sons.* * Surely, surely you will not brave that awful struggle again, sir ? * said Xenios ; and the rough fishermen thronged round and tried to dissuade him. One or two even offered to go in his place. The wind yelled, the sea seemed more and more like a host of hungry demoniac mon- sters ; but Aner only pointed to the figure which still was visible on the summit of the swaying mast, and they saw in his eyes the light of an unquenchable determination. i Do not hinder me, my men,’ he said. Digitized by Google 136 THE LIFE STORY OF A HER *1 have saved one life; perhaps it maybe granted me to save the other/ Again he plunged and swam, and even amid the tumult of billow and hurricane he heard the burst of excited cheers which the crowd raised when they saw him once more reach the ship and climb the mast. ‘ Can you swim ? can you help to save your- self ? * he asked the solitary survivor. * I cannot/ was the answer in tones strangely familiar to Aner ; * I am almost benumbed. I can scarcely even hold on to the mast/ Who was it ? Did not Aner know that voice ? A gleam of moonlight shone for an instant on the man’s face through the ragged rift of black clouds, and Aner recognised Eu- trapelos. Had he also recognised in Aner the man whom he had so fearfully wronged and almost done to death ? He had ! He too had been startled by the familiar voice, and the sudden gleam had re- vealed to him the features of Aner. ‘ Go ! * he said; ‘ leave me to my fate. Have you come to torment me before the time ? * ‘ Not to torment you, Eutrapelos, 1 said Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 137 Aner very gently, * but to save you ; or if need be to die with you.* ‘ O God ! ’ groaned Eutrapelos. His hands relaxed their grasp on the shrouds ; he would have fallen fainting : but Aner upheld him, tied one coil of the rope round him, sup- ported him on one strong arm down the mast to the edge of the rock — and plunged. He knew that it was but a forlorn chance : — but the distance from the shore was not great; the rope might drag them safely in. Alas ! as though in revenge, the huge wave swept and tossed them hither and thither, and smote them down, and rolled their bod- ies over on the rocks ; and when it flung its expended violence on the shore, and the fish- ermen were at last able to draw them in, Aner was unconscious and dying, Eutrapelos was dead. It was a thrilling scene. The boy whom Aner had saved was the son of Eutrapelos and Phaedra and when he saw his father lying dead, he flung himself upon the battered corpse and kissed the bleeding face and raised piteous cries. But round the dying Aner multitudes gathered with loud wailing. Digitized by Google 138 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER The women tore their hair and wrung their hands ; the children were all weeping ; even the brown faces of strong men were bathed in tears, as they lifted their friend and bene- factor most gently in their arms and laid him on a litter and carried him to his home. But it was most of all pitiable to see the two sons of Xenios. Krates, the elder boy, was sob- bing as if his heart would break ; Philos was clinging to the cold hand which hung from the couch, and kissing it again and again. He was very pale, and too deeply moved even for tears. They took Aner to his room. All that de- voted tendance could do was done; but for many hours the dark eyes remained closed, no gleam of consciousness returned to them. Yet while Aner lay there, seemingly with- out life, unable to speak or stir, he was aware of the love and tenderness of his weep- ing friends, and all other feelings were lost in a deep sense of peace. He felt as if Hatob were beside him and were holding him by the hand, and smiling on him with that smile which had seemed so radiant to him when he was a boy ; and he saw, or seemed Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF ANER 139 to see, Imrah himself standing patiently by his bedside waiting for him, and shedding on him the light of his countenance, in which was unimaginable beatitude. Only at the last did Aner recover conscious- ness. His eyes opened. Xenios was watch- ing him in speechless sorrow. i Xenios,* he said in his weak voice, ‘ my true and faithful friend, I am leaving you. I am going home. I bequeath to you all that I possess. Bring your children here, and the boy whom I saved from the wreck.* They came. The boy had all the beauty of his mother, Phaedra. ‘ What do they call you, my little lad ? * asked Aner. ‘ They called me Phaedros,* said the boy ; * but they are dead.* * Elyon leaves none orphans who seek him, my boy. Xenios will be your father; his sons your brothers. Resist evil. Live for others and you will be happy. And you, my Krates, * he said, * set Phaedros a good exam- ple and be very kind to him.* He laid his right hand on the head of Phaedros, his left on the head of Krates, and blessed them ten- derly. Then he folded his arms round his Digitized by Google 140 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER little Philos, breathed one prayer for the weeping child, blessed him, and bade them all farewell. Xenios alone remained with him. ‘ Xenios,* he murmured, * I am happy, very happy. Do you know who that boy is ? * ‘ No, sir,* said Xenios. € He is,* said Aner, 1 the son of her whom I once called my wife. . . . And do you know who was the man whom I tried to save ? * ‘ Was he ?* Xenios hesitated before he uttered the name. * I see that you have guessed aright,* said Aner. * Yes ! he was my worst enemy, Eu- trapelos; and I am so happy that he knew before he was drowned that it was I who had tried to save him. * ' Forgiving and forgiven, beloved master ! * sobbed Xenios. * Farewell, Xenios,’ whispered Aner, barely able to speak any longer. * Do not weep for me. I am happy at last. If this be death, it is not nearly so hard a thing to die as I thought it was.* A moment later Xenios saw Aner half rise Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 141 from his bed, while a light, as of heaven, gleamed on his countenance and shone from his yearning eyes. * Oh, my Father ! * he cried, * forgiven ! forgiven ! Cherubim and Seraphim ! * He opened his eyes wide : then the light faded from them, and he sank back dead, with a happy smile upon his lips. The whole population of Klydon, in deep- est sadness, accompanied by all the children weeping for him, followed his body to the tomb where they laid him; and on it they inscribed, ‘ To Aner, our Benefactor.* But Aner seemed to himself to be on a black barge, on a dark and illimitable sea, and at first there was an awful hush. Then he be- came conscious that Hatob held him by the hand, as the bark glided over the waveless depths. Scarcely daring to break the silence, yet he whispered, ‘ Whither ? * And Hatob, without speaking, pointed him to the horizon. There, on one spot of the dark sea, blazed a glory as of sunshine. Towards this the bark sped. And as it sped and he sat silent, he Digitized by Google 142 THE LIFE STORY OF ANER thought that he heard the low sweet voice of Hatob singing to him the words of a poet whom he had known : When on my day of life the night is falling, And in the winds, from unsunned spaces blown, I hear far voices out of darkness calling My feet to paths unknown. I have but Thee, my Father : let Thy Spirit Be with me then to comfort and uphold ; No gate of pearl, no branch of palm, I merit, No street of shining gold. Suffice it if — my good and ill unreckoned, And both forgiven through Thy abounding grace — I find myself by hands familiar beckoned Unto my fitting place. Some humble door among Thy many mansions, Some sheltering shade where sin and striving cease, And flows for ever through Heaven’s blue expansions The river of Thy peace. There, from the music round about me stealing, Soon may I learn the new and holy song, And find at last beneath Thy trees of healing The life for which I long. The bark touched the shore. No trumpets sounded for him on the other side, but two Digitized by Google THE LIFE STORY OF A HER 143 bright forms, clad with wings, met him and took him by the hand. They clothed him in white raiment. They entered a gate of pearl, and through a sea of heavenly light he saw a rainbow round a throne, in sight like unto an emerald. Aner flung himself upon his face. The wounded hand of Imrah raised him, and when he dared to look up he saw the glory of his Father’s countenance, and his Father smiled on him, and welcomed his weary wan- derer home. Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google Digitized by Google 