This is a reproduction of a library book that was digitized by Google as part of an ongoing effort to preserve the information in books and make it universally accessible. Google' books http://books.google.com I Digitized by LjOOQle Digitized by ^.ooQle Digitized by THE MIRROR BY MARY F. NIXON-ROULET Author of “With a Pessimist in Spain,” “The Spaniard at Home,” “A Harp of Many Chords,” “The Waif of Rainbow Court,” etc. ST. LOUIS, MO., 1915 Published by B. Herder 17 South Broadway FREIBURG (BADEN) Germany 68, Great Russell St. LONDON, W. C. Digitized by LjOOQie Copyright, 1915 by Joseph Oummersbaoh All rights reserved Made in U. 8. A. VAIL- BALLOU COMPANY •INSHAM TON AND NEW YORK Digitized by LjOOQle “ For life is the mirror of king and slave, *Tis just what you are and do; Then give to the world the best you have. And the best will come back to you.” Digitized by LjOOQle Digitized by To MADAME McGOORTY “A joyful mind maketh age flourishing.'* Digitized by ^.ooQle Digitized by CONTENTS CHAPTER PAGE I At Lavengro 1 II A Strange Accusation 11 III The Twenty Lire Piece 22 IV At the Wayside Calvary . . . ... 31 V The Our Lady Villa 44 VI The “Smiley Monkey Man” . ... 55 VII On Shipboard 70 VIII The Disaster 81 IX In the City by the Lake 91 X An Errand of Mercy 103 XI The Test 114 XII Gigi to the Rescue 129 XIII News for Carlo 142 XIV His Heart’s Desire 151 Digitized by CjOOQie Digitized by THE MIRROR CHAPTER I AT LAYENGRO I T was summer time at Lavengro, the radiant Italian summer which makes of the vine- clad hills about Lake Maggiore a wonder- land of blossoms and foliage. Monte Rosa gleamed in golden splendor when the setting sun shone upon it, and the rippling waters of the lake seemed like sparkling silver. When the fish leaped for flies, as day lay dying in the west, they glistened like gold and seemed al- most to float lazily upon the water, tantalizing the fishermen who had put away their lines and nets for the night. “Carlo,” said little Felippe Monti to her brother, as she ran to meet him across the shim- mering sands of the beach, “why have you not a net? We might catch so many fish now that we could have a whole one for supper, as 1 Digitized by 2 sin i ^ueeW » ^g'Je £ s > ^°Uld ’ Sa *d Co yo u jjq j. *Jev ej , Uj, ^ot jl Matter* /, P e raiit ^*££*&*S7* ov^g th 1 °* dtvV" tfc aCV CfcW ; o ;« Vto^' f ° r »°»g ■*• 7/ fisf. The a *4r e <£*? of fr? no thii,r. y ! M **UQ e y is > Tha ' « Ue «»»te, r, 10 ° 1U « »»( £ r Wif' ««*£ 4 it? e/o ^oneyf Ar ^ >te ~~ >■^,.^4 > ^JL to ?y< . *** to /t do * e , to Pt a 0 ^ sc a fc - We eat , ***? le Si *e a 9 ****11 Z 9 tas t e J blacl * brea, $&**§?&&■ * Poor 1 H * Saft,,. , p °°test ; 0 e *°««-h. ’• i °°»' that alfr tte 1 J -^av e 7>o 0i r; Cfle S*mts L fest in a TXr enough, ” 4o °^ tf, at _,f *** i /Google AT LAVENGRO “Now, Carlino — what is the matter with you to-day? You are not like yourself! Do not fret — I am quite happy,” said Felippe sweetly. “My frocks are old, ’tis true, but they are clean and whole, and oh! ever so much easier to mend than yours — boy’s things are so dread- ful — nothing but holes! For me it does not at all matter, but for thee — ” her sweet face clouded and her dark eyes grew soft as bits of brown velvet as she looked at her brother’s moody face, and she used the soft Italian “thee” in caressing fashion, “for thee I am sad! If I could only hear thee sing in the Holy Father’s Choir I should be forever happy. What said the Father at Easter time when you sang at the Mass?” “ ‘By the Saints ! The boy has the voice of an angel!’ ” said Carlo, as he puffed out his cheeks in a droll imitation of the village priest, good Father Laurentini. “And the beautiful Signorina at the Villa on the hillside — what said she?” asked his sis- ter, who had early learned a woman’s gentle wile of soothing by speaking of pleasant things. “The beautiful American said my voice Digitized by Google 4 THE MIRROR needed only training to be ready for the Pope’s Choir at Rome — that it would fill San Pietro’s now,” said Carlo. “Oh, Felippe! If I could only get the money! If our father had not been drowned in this cruel lake and his boat torn to pieces by the winds, it might have been so different!” “Yes,” sighed Felippe, her bright face clouded. “And the mother went to be with the Saints, because for very grief she could not live without our father! But never mind, Carlo, all will come well. I know because I have made a vow. I made it this very day when I made my visit to the Church and you were singing with the Father. I promised San Felipe, my very own saint of Neri, there be- fore his picture so dear (the one that has the strange flame at his heart) that if a way came for you to go to Rome I would give away my pearl rosary. At first I thought to offer it there at the shrine, but then I knew that was not the biggest thing I could do. If it were there I could see it every day, and I would know that no one else had it, and that would please me very much, for I am a dread- fully selfish girl, you know, Carlino. (No, do Digitized by Google AT LAVENGRO 5 not smile. I know my own self, way inside; you know only the outside of me. The out- side of things is generally nice). But then I thought it would keep so many prayers from being said and sent to Heaven, if the rosary hung there unused, so I promised to give it to some one who had none, and would pray upon it.” “But, Little Sister, you love the rosary. The Countess gave it you for your First Com- munion. What would she say?” asked her brother. “She will understand when I tell her,” said Felippe, simply. “Of course I love it. I have no other beautiful thing in all the world, but to offer up what you do not care for — that is no sacrifice. I can pray as well on the old black beads which were our mother’s, and I must have you leam to sing.” Carlo Monti was twelve and his little sister ten. Orphans, the two children lived with their father’s uncle, old Beppo Monti, in a tiny white cottage, well back from the curving line of the shore, where the old man set his nets, and where his boat set out for fishing ex- cursions around the lake. By fishing and sail- Digitized by Google 6 THE MIRROR ing with the strangers who frequented the shores of this, Italy’s fairest lake, the old man managed to gather together enough to live upon, indeed more than many of his neigh- bors, and won from them the title “miser,” be- cause he spent little and lived poorly, with all his hard work. The lake shore made a deep curve in at Lavengro, and in the sheltered cove formed by its golden sands, lay the little village. It consisted of a neat inn or two for the ac- commodation of the strangers who tarried here, en route to Milan or Geneva, some white houses, and a little church, from whose belfry rang sweetly the morning and evening calls to prayer. This was Lavengro, lying snugly sheltered between the blue lake and the vine- clad hills beyond, where Italy begins to stretch green arms toward Switzerland’s white and snowy bosom. “Where were you to-day, Carlo?” asked Felippe, as she walked along toward home by her brother’s side. “I couldn’t find you and I waited long beside the wayside Calvary, where the road to San Abondio crosses that to Omegna.” Digitized by LjOOQle AT LAVENGRO 7 “I went to walk and I found such a strange thing. If I tell you will you not tell any one, Felippe?” he asked. “I never tell things,” said she, simply. “That is true; you are not like other girls,” said Carlo, and she flushed with pleasure at his praise. “I went to see the great statue of San Carlo. You have seen it.” “Yes; it stands upon the great hill top where all may see. I love to see the holy hands out- stretched as if the Saint blessed all Italy,” said Felippe. “How wonderful he was when he nursed the plague-stricken Milanese ; how they must have loved him, dear San Carlo de Borromeo!” “You have a nice saint too,” said Carlo. Italians always speak in the possessive of their name saints, and often love them as dearly as if they were members of their own families. “Oh, yes, I love Saint Philip Neri better than any. He was so gentle and so kind to little children,” said Felippe. “But what were you going to tell me. Brother?” “I had never seen San Carlo’s statue close until to-day,” said he, “and Felippe, it is won- derful! The head and hands and feet are Digitized by Google 8 THE MIRROR bronze, the rest of the figure is all of copper, and strangest of all, it is hollow, and one may enter within. There are ladders inside, and I climbed clear to the very top. It was not easy, I can tell you ! When I got to where the upper part of the body is, I had to climb up a stone pillar which holds up the head. The pillar was set with iron bars setting out from the sides, and inside the head, I could sit down. There was room for two besides myself.” “Why, Carlo, to think you dared!” Felippe fairly danced with excitement. “I was not afraid at all,” said her brother, “but it was dark. If I ever want to hide from anybody, that’s where I shall go. No one would ever suspect a boy of being there.” “Of course not, but why should you ever want to hide?” asked his sister, puzzled. “Oh, I don’t know. Strange things hap- pen. But just now I am thinking more, a great deal about the money to go to Rome, than I am about anything else. One hundred lire * would not be too much. I must have money!” “What for?” asked a voice, and both chil- * A lire is about twenty cents. Digitized by Google AT LAVENGRO 9 dren started as they saw close to them the fig- ure of Giorgio Vegezzi, an evil-disposed boy of the neighborhood. “For what must you have a hundred lire?’ he demanded. “For naught you would understand,” said Carlo shortly. “And it concerns you not at all.” There was a quarrel of long standing between the two boys, and as Giorgio was much larger than Carlo, the differences had never been satisfactorily settled with fists. Giorgio scowled and turned away, and Felippe said, “Why did you make him angry, my brother? He is one who never forgives or forgets and he will do you an evil thing for evil words.” “Nonsense — you are a timid little one! He cannot harm me, and I will not have him prying about. He is an ill fellow. He shall not speak to you !” and he threw his arm about his little sister, protectingly, as they passed the weather-worn statue of St. Anthony, whom all Italians love. Just at that instant Felippe, looking down the road, saw the American lady who owned the great Villa on the hill coming toward them. Digitized by LjOOQle 10 THE MIRROR “Oh, Carlo!” she cried. “There is the American young lady. See — she has dropped her purse. I saw it fall. Run quickly and give it her.” Carlo did her bidding, and doffing his scarlet cap, handed the lady the pocketbook and was speedily at his sister’s side again. “See, Dearest,” he cried joyfully. “Here is the first fruit of your prayers — a lire the young lady gave me ! Keep it safely for me, and some fine day I shall add to it ninety and nine, and go to Rome.” “See now — it is how my good San Felipe answers prayers! It is he who has^done this!” cried Felippe with delight, tying the coin care- fully in her apron, and singing gayly as she ran toward home. Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER II A STRANGE ACCUSATION ‘ ‘T JN’CLE,” said Felippe, early next mom- I—/ ing, “there will be a large catch to- day, the largest this season.” “Nonsense, Child, you know nothing about it,” said her uncle crossly. He was a small man, wrinkled and old, dressed in a fisherman’s rough jacket. His temper was sharp, for he was crippled with rheumatism, and all the vil- lage was afraid of him, all perhaps, except lit- tle Felippe, who was afraid of nothing but the devil, and whose gentle words always disarmed the anger of others. “I know because I have asked San Felipe to beg the good God to send many fish, like He did upon the Sea of Galilee,” she answered, smiling at the old man over her bowl of black bread and milk. Her uncle smiled scornfully. “Prayers — what do they signify?” he said. “They’re good enough for women; keep them 11 Digitized by 12 THE MIRROR out of mischief, perhaps. They can’t be tat- tling and gossiping about when they are mumbling Aves. But as for coaxing fish into the net with prayers, bah !” “But, Uncle, if you do get a large catch, much larger than usual, will you give me one fish?” Felippe looked at him eagerly and the old man’s face softened. “You are more like your mother every day,” he muttered. “She was always at her Aves and her Pater Nosters. Perhaps if she had lived — ” he paused. “Yes, Child, if we have a good catch this morning — larger than any this year, you shall have three fish to sell. I suppose you want a new frock. But don’t count on it, for there was never a more unlikely day. The sun is so high and bright no fish will be so foolish as to be caught.” Felippe only nodded brightly to him as he went down the path to the shore, and went about her work to tidy up the little cottage, murmuring over and over to herself, “Dear Saint Felipe, my own saint, send me many, many fishes to sell for Carlo!” About noon she heard a great shout, and Digitized by Google A STRANGE ACCUSATION 18 ran to where a crowd was gathered on the shore to see what was the matter. Her uncle was laboring to pull in his net and was evi- dently in a great state of excitement. “Lend me a hand, everybody!” he cried. “Felippe — such a catch was never seen. We can scarcely land the fishes, they are in such a drove. Next time, Child, do not pray quite so hard to that Roman saint of yours. He is like to kill me with kindness. It is a miracle on such a day!” Felippe, flushed with happiness, put her hands upon the rope beside her uncle’s and pulled lustily. She thought she was helping mightily. It was a fair sight, the indrawing of that great net. Men and women pulled with a will, for these sturdy Italian peasants were strong in friendliness as well as in body, and willing to help one another over life’s rough ways. The sands were golden in the sun, the blue waters of Lake Maggiore sparkled and shone, with here and there a dancing whitecap, like a diamond set with sapphires. The sky overhead was of a deep turquoise hue, with great banks Digitized by LjOOQie 14 THE MIRROR of pearl-like clouds, and the white and creamy- tinted houses stood out against the emerald green vine-rows until the beautiful scene seemed like Nature’s fairest diadem, set with countless gems of glorious hues. Then rang out the fisherman’s song: “Ohe, for good fishes are in the sea; The boatmen are calling, € Stahli ! Stahli! 9 Oh6, for good fishes are in the blue sea; The sunshine is falling o'er lake, o'er lea, Oh6, for the fish in the deep blue sea, Ohe, for they tarry for you, for me, Oh6, for the fish in the sparkling sea. The boatmen are calling, ‘ Stahli ! Stahli !*” As they sang, these merry toilers, with a “long pull, and a strong pull, and a pull all together,” the great net was on the shore, filled to the brim with quivering, panting fishes, their glistening sides gleaming in the sun. Every- body pressed round old Beppo and, after the fashion of warm-hearted Latin folk, congratu- lated him heartily on his good luck. Felippe fairly beamed as her uncle selected three of the finest fish and said to her: “These are thine, Child. I will sell them at the great house where the Contessa is in Digitized by Google A STRANGE ACCUSATION 15 'villegiatura.* The price thou shalt have, for truly I think thou hast brought me luck.” “Thank you a thousand times, dear Uncle,” she cried, as she ran happily away, thinking, “I must go straightway and thank my name saint, and I really believe the money for Carlo is coming soon.” She sped away to the little chapel, and then, her prayer said at San Felipe’s shrine, she waited for Carlo, for he would be coming home from his singing lesson with the Father, and she could hardly wait to tell him the news. Three such fine fish would bring at least two lire — what riches! As she passed her favorite Calvary, a little aside from the path, Felippe knelt for a mo- ment to pray, then tarried, looking down at the beautiful scene. How clear the lake shone in the sunlight! It reflected the white clouds and blue sky, and seemed "As if a piece of heaven Lay on this earth below/' “I wonder if Paradise is prettier than this,” thought Felippe. “I do not see how it could •When Italians go into the country for the summer they call it going “in villegiatura.” Digitized by LjOOQie 16 THE MIRROR be,” and she sat dreamily watching the boats as they tossed up and down, their gayly col- ored sails gleaming pink, green and yellow in the vivid light. Then hearing voices, she glanced up, aroused from her revery. “The American lady has lost a twenty lire piece,” said the voice of the lady’s tall footman. “It must be Carlo Monti who has taken it; I heard him say that he must have money, and I saw him run after her and pick up some- thing,” said the evil voice of Giorgio, and Felippe’s face turned pale. What a horrible thing! Carlo, her dear Carlo accused of steal- ing! She could not believe it possible that she heard aright! But Giorgio’s voice went on — “We should go at once to old Beppo’s cot- tage and find Carlo before he hears that he has been found out. Old Beppo will soon beat the truth out of him.” “True,” said the footman. “You are a good boy, and I will give you a lire if we find the gold piece.” It was all Felippe could do to keep from bursting out upon the two and proclaiming Carlo’s innocence, but prudence kept her quiet. She must steal away unnoticed, she felt, and Digitized by Google A STRANGE ACCUSATION IT warn Carlo. She knew well that her uncle’s violent temper once aroused by such an accusa- tion, he would cruelly beat her brother and that it would be best for Carlo to stay away from the cottage until something could be done to placate the old man. As soon as the sound of the footsteps of the two had died away along the hard path, she ran as fast as she could in the opposite direction, taking a short cut to the church. She must warn Carlo! He would be just starting home, and if she did not stop him, would reach the cottage just as Giorgio and his companion arrived there with their ghastly tale. She hurried along the tiny path, dotted with tiny shrines for the “Stations of the Cross,” and ere the last was reached, heard Carlo’s voice in the distance, singing a Tantum Ergo. How clear and pure the fresh notes ascended to Heaven! It was no wonder he loved to sing and longed to go where his voice could be cultivated. There was scarcely in all music- loving Italy a boy’s voice of such marvelous sweetness and strength, Felippe was sure of that. “He sings the Holy Song! I know he Digitized by LjOOQle 18 THE MIRROR never, never could have taken the money ! Be- sides, I saw him with my two eyes return the purse,” she said to herself, running breath- lessly up the steep hill to meet the songster. “Felippe mia , why do you run so fast?” he cried, stopping her with outstretched arms. “Come away, behind the big chestnut tree,” she cried eagerly, for they stood on a crest of the hill, their figures outlined against the bril- liant noonday sky, and plainly visible from the village below. “Quick 1” she cried. “I have much to tell you,” and she dragged him after her into the shadow of the great tree, from which in spring, hung splendid bunches of the rich pink blos- soms, peculiar to the chestnut trees in that part of Italy. “You have been crying — who has hurt you? I will beat them!” her brother said angrily, but she shook her head. “It is not myself who is in trouble, save for you,” she said. “Listen, Carlo, then run and hide yourself quickly,” and she told him all she had overheard. Carlo flushed angrily. “I always knew Giorgio was a beast,” he said with true Italian vehemence. “By him- Digitized by LjOOQle A STRANGE ACCUSATION 19 self, perhaps, he judges me, but I am not a thief. Come, Little Sister, we will go home at once, and I will deny this false charge, and then will I beat Giorgio — ” “But first our uncle will beat you, until there is not enough left of you to beat Giorgio, and you will be locked up in the town house and I myself, shall die of grief and shame,” interrupted Felippe. “Have some sense. Carlo. Giorgio says he saw you pick up the lady’s purse, he will swear he saw you take something from it. He would swear anything. Uncle will never believe you. I have it, we will tell Father Laurentini and ask him to speak to my uncle.” “But he has gone to the next village,” said Carlo. “He had a sick call just as I was fin- ishing my lesson. He may not return till night.” “Then there is nothing for you to do but to stay away until he comes back,” said his sister firmly. “You must hide, and perhaps I can see the beautiful lady, and explain to her that you could not have taken the gold piece — you had not time to open the purse, for I saw you run right to her with it. Go, hide, and to- Digitized by so THE MIRROR night I will come to the last Calvary on the road to Ancona. I shall be there as near to the Angelus ringing as possible, and I will bring you food and tell you if you may come back. Oh, Carlo, do as I bid you and hide until this can be made right with the aid of Our Lady and the dear saints!” and she looked beseechingly at him. He answered slowly, “Perhaps you are right, but to hide — that I do not like. It is not the part of a man.” “Oh, may be,” Felippe shrugged her shoul- ders. These men were so hard to manage, she thought. “But you are not really a man, so why not play hide and seek like a boy, for once? Even a man, it seems to me, would not walk into a beating he did not deserve! Put your wits to work hiding safely, and I will come to you to-night. I must run home now or uncle will be angry with me too.” “I know what I shall do,” cried Carlo sud- denly, a light of mischievous daring breaking over his troubled face, but Felippe put her hand over his lips. “Tell me not,” she said. “It is best I know nothing, lest they question me. Pray to Our Digitized by Google A STRANGE ACCUSATION 21 Lady and may the Saints have you in their keeping.” “One of them will, at least,” cried he laugh- ing, as he kissed his sister and turned away. She watched his figure as it disappeared from view. Where was he going? Perhaps, back to the church, or to the rectory. She hoped so, for there she knew he would be safe. A great lump came in her throat, as she thought how powerless she really was to help him, then she, too, hurried away in the opposite direction to that taken by Carlo. Digitized by CHAPTER III THE TWENTY LIRE PIECE W IEN Felippe reached home she found a crowd of people at the door of the cottage. She went forward slowly, dread tugging at her heart strings. What could be the matter? Surely the news of Carlo’s trouble could not so quickly have reached the whole village 1 “There comes his niece,” said Antonio Melvi, a tall grape picker. “Hasten, Child, your uncle is ill.” Without a word, but with a look of terror upon her white face, Felippe entered the cot- tage. Within sat the village doctor, talking earnestly with Father Laurentini. The two stopped when they saw Felippe, but she went eagerly up to the good priest, whom all the vil- lage loved. “Oh, Father!” she cried. “What ails my uncle?” 22 Digitized by LjOOQle THE TWENTY LIRE PIECE “My poor Child, a terrible thing has hap- pened and you must have courage,” he replied, gravely. “Your uncle has had a stroke of apo- plexy. He may never recover.” “But, Father, I saw him well on the beach an hour ago!” she cried. “How can this thing have happened?” The priest and the doctor exchanged glances. “Tell her,” said the doctor. “She may be able to throw some light upon the strange situ- ation.” “Felippe,” said the priest gently, as he drew the child toward him and held her hand as ten- derly as a father. “Tell me what you know about Carlo’s wanting money.” Her cheek flushed but she answered bravely, although her heart beat until it hurt her, so afraid was she of what she knew was to come. “The American Signorina said one day that he had but to go to Roma and be heard, to be trained for a place in the Holy Father’s choir. This is the desire of his heart, and for this we both save every penny; this is surely not wrong, is it, Father?” “Not unless you want the money so badly that you are willing to get it in wrong ways,” Digitized by Google THE MIRROR 24 replied His Reverence. “Now, tell me, did you see the American lady yesterday, when she passed the Loggia?” “No, Father, not then,” she answered, “but as she went up the hill path toward the church, Carlo and I were loitering and we saw her. She dropped her purse, and Carlo ran and picked it up. She seemed pleased and gave him a whole lire. See, here it still is,” and she carefully untied the knotted corner of her apron, showing the silver coin, as she lifted her pure, innocent eyes to his. “You saw Carlo pick it up — did he give it to her at once, or did he tarry a moment or two with the purse in his hands?” The priest’s black eyes were keen and searching as he asked this question. “Nay, Father,” she answered. “He skimmed like a bird straight to the spot, picked up the purse and it was in her hand before she knew that she had dropped it.” “She speaks truth — the boy is innocent,” said Father Laurentini. “I could have sworn it. I know these children, and they are good. Felippe, the American lady has lost a twenty lire piece of gold, and they say that Carlo has Digitized by LjOOQie THE TWENTY LIRE PIECE 25 taken it from her purse when he picked it up.” Felippe’s eyes filled with tears. So it was known already! All the village called her brother a thief! It was too cruel! “It is a wicked lie!” she stamped her foot excitedly. “Carlo never could do such a thing ! Never!” “Where is he now?” asked the doctor. “I know not,” she answered. “He went to the Padre's for his singing.” “Some time ago he left me,” said Father Laurentini. “He could easily be at home by now.” “Often,” said Felippe, “he roams from here to Arona, and comes home only when night falls, unless my uncle needs him to sell the fish. But you tell me nothing of how Uncle Beppo fell ill? Will he never recover?” “We cannot tell,” said the doctor. “When they came to tell him of the lady’s loss, and to accuse Carlo of the theft, the old man fell into a violent rage, crying out that no kin of his had ever been so shamed, and that he would kill him with his own hands if it were so ! Then the blood flew to his head, and before any one could Digitized by Google 26 THE MIRROR catch him, he fell to the ground. Since then he has not been conscious. If he could but hear what you say when he regains his senses, it would help him, but I doubt if he will ever be really well again.” “If the lady finds her gold piece, especially if that happen before Carlo comes home — so that no one can say he has heard this trouble and put it back — all will be well. It must have rolled from her purse somewhere when it fell,” said Father Laurentini. “Oh, Father,” exclaimed Felippe, “will you not come with me to find it? I know the very spot where the purse was dropped. If I should find it, evil ones might say I had myself had it and restored it, but if you are with me, such they could not say.” “The child talks sense,” said the doctor. “We will both go with her. I should like to clear this thing up for the children’s sake as well as for my patient’s. The little maid has eyes like my own Carlotta. I dare say your brother is not worth all this bother, Child, but for your sake I hope he is proved innocent. I do not believe he is a thief.” “Indeed he is not!” said Felippe stoutly, as Digitized by LjOOQle THE TWENTY LIRE PIECE 27 she led the two men toward the rendezvous. How fervently she prayed! One Ave after another she breathed heavenward, and over and over again she murmured, “Dear Saint Anthony, who finds everything, help me to find the gold piece for Carlo 1” Also, she begged her favorite San Felipe to help her, and soon they reached the path and Felippe said, “Father, just here we passed. I know be- cause Giorgio called to us and he sat upon that stone. Just there, by the large chestnut tree the lady passed and Carlo ran after her. Here is where the purse was dropped.” Carefully all three looked over the ground, the doctor poking with his cane in every crack and cranny of the stones. Felippe looked until despair seized her and at last she sank down on the ground crying, “It is not here! Oh, Carlo! what will you do?” “Do not give up, my child,” said the good doctor. “See, coins roll often. I will look further down the path; come and help me.” Felippe only shook her head mournfully and sobbed. Father Laurentini had left the path and stepped a little to one side, where the splendid Digitized by LjOOQie 28 THE MIRROR rose bushes clustered, heavy with blossoms. Suddenly he gave an exclamation and called, “Felippe, it is found! Come quickly!” She sprang to his side and there lay the cause of so much trouble, rolled down beneath the rose bush, where it lay like a golden gleam of sunlight. The doctor stooped and picked it up, saying, “I will take it to the lady,” he said, “and you. Child, return home, and when your uncle wakes be the first to tell him the good news.” “A thousand thanks, dear, kind friends,” cried the happy child, looking up, her face all smiles through her tears, seeming like a flower blooming in the morning dew, and she kissed the priest’s hand and sped down the hillside like a flying fairy. All the long afternoon she sat beside her uncle’s cot, listening to his labored breathing, bathing his hot head with cool water, wistfully watching his open, staring eyes, in the hope that some gleam of recognition might arise within them. Toward evening, as she leaned over him she fancied she saw a change in the ashen hue of his face. A little color stole into the pallid Digitized by Google THE TWENTY LIRE PIECE 29 cheeks, and the eyes seemed to follow her movements, with the dazed, uncertain expres- sion of one just roused from sleep. “Uncle,” she said softly, taking his hand in her small, brown one. There was no sound from the still lips, but the hand she held feebly pressed her fingers. “Dear Uncle,” she said, “do not worry. All is well.” His lips quivered when he tried to speak, but no sound came, and his eyes looked distressed. “Are you thinking about Carlo?” she asked, and again she felt that feeble pres- sure upon her fingers. “It is not true. Uncle. He did not take the money. The good doc- tor found it just where the American lady had dropped it.” Over the sick man’s face there crept a look of relief, his strained eyes relaxed, his breath- ing became easier, and a few moments later the even respiration showed that a refreshing sleep had fallen upon him. Felippe sat quietly beside him until a neighbor came to sit with him for the night and told the little girl to go and get her supper. It was almost time for the Angelus to ring and Felippe felt she must at once go to find Digitized by so THE MIRROR Carlo. He must hear this good news as quickly as possible. She swiftly took cheese and bread, with a cool green salad leaf and a little oil and salt, and a drop of vinegar, and made him a supper, for she feared he had eaten nothing since breakfast and was sure he must be terribly hungry. Then she hurried away toward the shrine which was to be their Rialto , hoping to find him already there. Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER IV AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY H OW cool and sweet was the evening air! It cooled Felippe’s temples like a ten- der caress. Across the blue lake, as clear as crystal in the evening light, the sun was set- ting, and the wondrous glory of the clouds took on strangely fantastic shapes, as if golden castles rose to the heavens, which were reflected in the waters below in marvelous beauty. The flowers seemed to exhale their sweetest perfumes. Roses and lilies bent their fair heads from the gardens above, as if breathing a benediction upon the gentle messenger, her- self one of the fairest flowers of Italy. The stone pines waved their gnarled branches; the stately Lombardy poplars bent their haughty heads, whispering to each other as the evening zephyrs swept through their leafy boughs with a caressing sound. But, much as Felippe loved Nature, she scarcely heeded these lovely sights and sounds, for she 31 Digitized by the mirror ^ ,vaS . aste ning to her beloved brother, he «s winged as those of Mercury, messeng A?°i S * & ood news for her guerd Vi It ren dezvous was reached, ^hrin ^ Sa ^ a P ra yer before the sad, r e ’ en ros e and looked anxiously ornnrl sile called softly. “Carlo! I good news!” J mo^ned°fh d an , SWered her » save the win< sorrowed r .° Ugh 811 olive tree » as musi Drav^/i xi m Clethsemane’s Garden Prom ti! 1<>ne Lord Christ ' green h‘ll ^ Church of Santa Maria up< and p e j- Slde » rang out the evening An called her^ 6 ^ £ne ^ P ra y> then anx swer srnot brot ^ er again and again. N only the 6 s ^ dness °f peaceful i u Pon th^°^ ^ a PPing of the waters of th mournfi 1 ^ e kkly beach; the coo of a d Carlo!” s ° Und — as if it too called, “< ^ e erm o* of the f a ® ea gerly through the twihght s des pair^^ falling dusk she waited, and a Calvarv s ^ e sa t down at the foot < * Cr ying as if her heart would Digitized by LiOOQle AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY “What is the matter, little Magdalen at the Cross?” asked a laughing voice, and looking up through tear-dimmed eyes, Felippe saw the American lady, in her smart cart, driving alone as was her custom, much to the scandal of the neighborhood. “Not Maddalena, My Lady, Felippe is my name,” said the little girl, springing to her feet and making a courtesy. “Oh, it is little Felippe Monti from the vil- lage !” exclaimed Miss Edgerton. “What ails you. Child? ‘Why weep you at this hour so late A furlong from the castle gate ?' ” Felippe looked puzzled. This whimsical lady, kind-hearted though she was, the simple little girl found hard to understand, but she re- plied frankly, though with a timidity which Miss Edgerton found very winning, “It is all your twenty lire piece, My Lady.” “My twenty lire piece — whatever does the child mean!” exclaimed Miss Edgerton. “Come, come — ” her tone was brusque, but her eyes were so kind that Felippe did not feel at all afraid of her, “if I am the cause of Digitized by THE MIRROR 34 these buckets-full of tears, I certainly have the right to know all about them. Get up into the cart with me, and I will drive you home and hear all about your troubles.” “But, Carlo, he has not come, and he will have no supper,” said Felippe. “I have it here in this parcel, and he will not know if he dares to return, and he was in such trouble when he left,” and Felippe wept again, stand- ing before Miss Edgerton like a small, but very pathetic Niobe, dissolved in tears. The American, though eccentric and fond of appearing more so than she really was, had the kindest of hearts. Not at all understand- ing Felippe’s grief, she saw that it was very real and wanted to help her. To her the woes of childhood were understandable, for she had kept a young heart, and was a cheerful person, not so engrossed in her own grown-up view- point that she could not comprehend the point of view of little human beings. Little by lit- tle she gently drew from the child the story of the trying day, and as the little girl broke down again sobbing, “And now I cannot find Carlo anywhere!” her kind auditor stroked her head gently and very soothingly, and said, Digitized by LjOOQie AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY 85 “There, there! Everything will be all right. Carlo will soon return. Here,” she drew a dainty memorandum tablet from an antique silver chatelaine which hung at her belt, “write a message for him, and leave it here with the food. Put it in the hiding place you had planned and he will find it. Just write, ‘Come home, Carlo,’ and he will know that everything is all right.” Felippe did as she was bid and carefully placed the packet beneath the vines which clambered up the Calvary. “Now hop into the cart. Little One, and I will drive you home,” said Miss Edgerton. “Pouf! What a wretched thing is money! Such an ado over a paltry twenty lire!" “Oh, hut twenty lire - — that is a fortune!” exclaimed Felippe, wide-eyed in astonishment. Miss Edgerton laughed. “It’s all in the point of view,” she said. “If I had lost twenty times twenty lire, it would not have been worth to me all those tor- rents of tears from your dear little eyes. I do not see why Francesco made such a fuss over it, unless he thought he might keep it him- self if it was found. And why on earth did Digitized by 86 THE MIRROR they all think Carlo took it? Why he was the very one to give me back my purse when I dropped it!” “Yes, My Lady, but I think the gold piece must have dropped out of the purse then, and Carlo and I were nearest to the place,” said Felippe. “I see — and when I opened my purse and started to pay a bill at the house, I said — ‘I have lost a twenty lire piece,’ and Francesco stood by and heard. I thought no more about it, but it appears he did.” “And you see, the bad Giorgio, he who is Francesco’s brother, had heard Carlo and me say how much we wanted money,” said Felippe. “For what did you need money. Little One, a new frock?” asked Miss Edgerton. “Oh, no, not for myself at all,” was the quick reply. “It was for Carlo.” Drawn out little by little, the child then told of Carlo’s beautiful voice, of how he loved to sing, of how they were saving every penny — and the money came so slowly! — and of her vowing the pearl rosary. It was a simple story but told in eager Southern fashion, with Digitized by LjOOQie AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY 87 dainty little gestures, and brilliant flushing of the narrator’s soft, apricot-hued cheeks, made no small impression on the American woman’s mind. Felippe finished by saying, “For myself, nothing matters ! I am but a girl, and my sweet mother told me all women must suffer, even the Blessed Mother of God. I would be quite happy to stay with my uncle and keep his house, if Carlo could only go to Milano to study, and thence to Roma to sing in the Holy Father’s choir I” “You dear little thing!” exclaimed her hearer impulsively. “You are a good child. We must see what can be done for you and Carlo both. Now don’t worry any more. Carlo will come back safely, and if he is not here by morning, we shall send the town crier after him. Your uncle will be better, I am sure, and you must promise me to sleep, for I shall send my good old Caterina to sit up with the uncle all night. Here we are at your cottage,” as the pony cart drew up with a flourish. “Don’t fret any more, or I shall be vexed with you.” “I wouldn’t vex you for anything in all the world, you are too good to me,” said Felippe, Digitized by 38 THE MIRROR and with a bright “Addio,” she ran up the cot- tage path, while Miss Edgerton drove rapidly home to the Villa, there to give the tall foot- man a bad quarter of an hour for his officious- ness. Carlo, meantime, was having his own bad quarter of an hour. When he left his sister he ran quickly along the shores of the lake, up the hill, to where the statue of St. Charles Borromeo stood like a sentinel above the town. Hiding behind the trees, he watched his chance when no one was looking and slipped inside the statue. Scrambling up the ladders to the very top, he curled himself up within the gi- gantic head of the Saint. “Here shall I be quite safe,” he thought, smiling to himself. “Surely, no one would ever think of finding a thief in the very heart °f San Carlo the Good! How dark it is here! I wonder if Purgatory is worse? I should like to lock up that bad Giorgio up here until he promised to be good. But I know that is not * good thought. If I were to be locked up here until I were good, I am afraid I should Digitized by Google AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY 39 stay forever. What then, would become of Felippe?” The boy shuddered, for strange, tapping noises began to sound upon the outside of the statue. Tap, tap — what could it be? He turned pale with fright. It was a fearsome thing to be shut up here in the dark and cold, and hear such eerie sounds about him, but Carlo was a brave boy, and he pulled his self- control about him like a cloak. “What is there to fear?” he said to himself. “Nothing can come through this statue. If here it gets so that I really cannot bear it, I can at least go home and take a beating from my uncle. It would not be the first.” Tap! Tap ! again he heard the noise, and despite his brave words, he could not help a shiver of fear. There was something weird and uncanny about the sound. Could it be a spirit speaking to him? Was the spirit of the dead saint him- self, talking to his namesake? But that should not terrify, he tried to reassure himself, since so holy a man could only wish to do him good, and it would he a great honor to hear from him. However, it was a terrifying thought. Digitized by Google 40 — ^ iviutnoR to a d steel h!mxlt «g*it A^CTh r T mg ’ f “ e ^!y erve strai "' a ««^t l h ; y sta ;- « “ *>»8 of p™“* e Ue ' “ d ”ow they are “ FooUsh fellow thlt r e °” e Wh ° made ‘2 2 lr ' t of a area- “‘I was *o think that th. T Sh tha ‘ I dire, ‘ wouU talk to «/ ] »y 5* "-‘hat would :* 18 best to staf P' ace ' F »r Felippe’s sake fUi e i ShaU be T' night - B y that “B down if X ea, *2 « nd 50 sliff that I shall “yaolf hr ““Ot And some way to keep tin Car, ° S bW ’ 1 *? looked^seareh* ‘“f Ktomad to the darkness tr“- SpylTI it e to elean the statue worli men who f h " ou "d his waist ‘ d t? se,zin « “• be tied Ht * *ould hold C Iftd *° ^ pilIw - ao he Said ’ “ X don’t think I can Digitized by Google AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY 41 fall out. I cannot sing like the birds, to pass away the time, but at least I can hum under my breath, and I have my rosary, so that I can say my prayers, and dream a little, per- haps of the days when I can sing all that I want. Oh! I wish those days would come!” Then the boy crouched down into as comfort- able a position as possible, and said his beads faithfully. It is a long string of blessed beads for a boy to say with attention, and by the time Carlo was half through the fifteen decades, he began to feel dreadfully sleepy. With drowsy piety he tried to finish the whole rosary, but his Aves grew fainter and fainter, and at last, tired out with the excitement of the day, his head dropped on his breast, and he fell fast asleep. In his dreams lovely things came to Carlo. He slept with a smile upon his face, such as it had seldom worn in his waking moments, for the life of the little boy had not been all sunshine, but filled with hardship, toil, priva- tion, and often suffering. As he dreamed, he saw in a heavenly vision, a great company of holy ones, coming to him across the waters of Digitized by LjOOQle 42 THE MIRROR the lake, singing as he had never heard mor- tals sing, and praising God with glorious mel- odies. San Carlo was there, and pure San Antonio, and San Felipe with his smile — that “saint of gentleness and kindness” — and countless others, all looking ineffably happy, and their music rolled heavenward like the sound of some grand Gregorian, until it seemed to fill all the earth with glory. And in his dream the boy himself seemed to sing with this heavenly choir, his voice clearer, stronger, sweeter than it had ever been before. Then a hand seemed laid upon his shoulder, and the voice of his good Pastor said gently to him, “My Son, wilt thou join that glorious band of those who praise God in Heaven in perfect bliss, because it was given to them to praise Him here on earth? Wilt thou dedicate to God the voice He gave to thee, and sing not for the praise of men, but to raise their souls to higher things?” And Carlo answered in his dream — “Yes, Father — I will sing for God,” and then he woke. The sound of the heavenly music seemed still within his ears, the birds still twittered softly within their nests. It was twilight. All the earth was still, but the Digitized by Google AT THE WAYSIDE CALVARY 43 words of his promise rang in his ears. Swiftly he untied his rope, straightened out his stiff- ened limbs, and crept down from his hiding place. He was cold and hungry. He would go to the rendezvous, hoping that Felippe was there, or had been there before him, with some cheering message he thought, for he felt he could no longer endure the uncertainty and dread. As he hurried through the gathering dusk, his mind filled with the beauty of his strange dream, he met no one, and soon reached the Calvary. Hastily feeling with his fingers be- neath the vines he drew out the parcel. “Dear Little Sister,” he thought, feeling for the message he was sure would be there. Yes — a scrap of paper met his touch, and hastily turning it to the waning light, eager expect- ancy upon his face, he read the message. Then the light faded from his face, and he crumpled the paper in his hand. Digitized by Google CHAPTER V THE OUE LADY VILLA C ARLO sat perfectly still and looked at the paper in his hand. He could scarcely believe his eyes, and his first impulse was to go straight home and find out what it meant. The command from his sister was too urgent to disobey, and he read over and over again the hastily written words: “Never come back. Carlo.” Of course the sensible thing for Carlo to do was to return and find out what was meant, but the boy was too terrified to he sensible. A thousand surmises crowded his brain. Some dreadful thing had happened. He was in mortal terror of the jail, for to the simple people of his village none but murderers found their way thither, and the village jail had hardly had a single tenant in years, but rumors had come to Lavengro of anarchists far away, who had had to be imprisoned for 44 Digitized by LjOOQie THE OUR LADY VILLA 46 life. Carlo’s blood ran cold at the thought of any one’s being shut up away from fresh air and sunshine, for freedom was dear to the boy, accustomed always to the open life of the fisher folk amongst whom he dwelt. He picked up Felippe’s parcel and mechan- ically ate a piece of bread, then started and looked quickly down the hill, for he heard footsteps approaching. Stealing behind the Calvary, he hid himself within the vines which covered the trees like a thick curtain of green. The steps came nearer and nearer, and peeping between the vines, he saw that it was the village constable and Padre Laurentini. Both men looked worried and anxious, and as they came nearer, he heard the priest say, “It is impossible. I have known this boy Carlo all his life, and he has the soul of a lily. San Antonio himself were not more white within. This crime of which you accuse him — it seems impossible — he is too young!” “Truly it is hard to believe,” answered the other. “But there is proof, Father. I, too, would disbelieve for the sake of that little sister of his, a rose-bloom sweet as the buds of May — but what can I do? He was the last Digitized by Google 46 THE MIRROR one there — the deed was done. Once found, he must go to jail, and unless he can bring witnesses to prove that he has been away from Lavengro, and prove just where he has been every minute, in jail he must stay until the old man is able to talk — if he ever is. Then, if he corroborate the other’s testimony, the Reform- atory is the best that Carlo can hope for.” “In jail — the Reformatory — shut up for months, perhaps years, with the worst of crim- inals, whose very look would soil his white soul forever — these things should not be and men call them justice!” exclaimed the priest passionately. “If you had but heard the lad sing — why his voice was that of an angel!” “Yes, but his deeds were like a devil’s, if this last prove true,” said the officer sternly. “He may be one who wears the cross on his breast, but keeps the Devil in his soul. I am sorry for his sister. I am, indeed, tempted to wish we did not find the boy, and that he never came back. It might be the best thing for the little girl.” Carlo could not hear Father Laurentini’s answer, as the two men passed out of sight, and, almost stunned, the boy sat still until he Digitized by Google THE OUR LADY VILLA 47 no longer heard their footsteps in the distance. Then he rose wearily to his feet. It was twi- light, the long, lingering twilight of the soft Italian dusk. Above, in the sapphire of Heaven, twinkling stars were beginning to show their little candles. Below the hill, the waters of the lake shone silver in the light of the crescent moon, arising like a silver bow above the tree tops. The tiny cottage which held Felippe, he could scarce distinguish in the half light, but he thought he saw the twinkle of a candle in the window, and his heart warmed as he remembered the dear little sis- ter, dreaming there of him. Should he go back and face disgrace, and find out what all this horror meant? Surely, anything would be better than this uncertainty and dread of — he knew not what. But no — the constable had said the best thing he could do for his sister was never to come back, to drop out of her life entirely. Yes, he would do it, he thought. He would go far away, and when he was gone, surely Uncle Monti would be good to the lit- tle sister. He carefully put the bread and cheese away in his pocket, then turned for one last look at Digitized by Google 48 THE MIRROR the village, and the church whose sweet-voiced chime had bidden him to Mass and Vespers since, a mere wee, toddling baby, his mother had taken him with her to the holy services. In God’s Acre, there beside the church, his mother lay, and hot tears rose to his eyes, as he thought of her and his gay young father, and what they would say to see their boy an outcast. Far away he could just distinguish the giant outline of the statue of San Carlo, and his firm lips quivered as he thought of his strange dream within the statue. Little chance now would there be, he thought, to fulfill that dream, of dedicating his voice to heavenly things! However, he felt he must not dwell upon that, or any other saddening thoughts, and he took his courage in his hand. Making the sign of the Cross, he turned and walked swiftly away from Lavengro, without once looking back. It is strange upon what slight threads hangs human destiny! Had Carlo tinned to the right path, instead of the left, he would have run directly into Father Laurentini, returning Digitized by Google THE OUR LADY VILLA 49 from looking for him, and he would have heard things from the good priest which would have prevented his departure. As it was, however, taking the secluded path he met no one, trudg- ing wearily on through the darkness with a dogged determination, despite his desperate fatigue, until dawn began to break over the waters. Then, fearful of discovery, he left the road beside the lake and made his way through the bushes which lined the roadside. Then he stopped suddenly, for he heard the pitiful whining of a dog. Animals always ap- pealed to Carlo and, looking carefully about him, he saw lying under the bushes a tiny Pomeranian, snow white and beautifully cared for, moaning and licking his front paw. Carlo bent over him. “Poor little fellow,” he said pitifully. “How did you hurt yourself? I wish I could help you, but I am afraid to stop.” The dog looked at Carlo with mournful eyes, and the boy stooped down and patted him. The animal licked his hand and Carlo said, “I must try and help you somehow. I can’t go and leave you like this.” He took Digitized by LjOOQie the mirror little beast in his arms, gently stroking his , and the doggie held quite still, knowing ^was in friendly hands. broken » * Poverino” said Carlo. . ^ ave it! A thorn — there — ” as the ^jogwnced. I’ll try not to hurt you much. ^ e drew forth from the tiny foot a sslaarp t orn of the flowering locust tree. “No ^ronder it pained you. Now let me tie it up ® coo J ^ ea f»” and he did so, drawing a bit S .f m ® * rorn kis pocket and neatly bandag- i xag the wound. “Now, Puppy, if I only knew ere y° u lived, I would stop long enough to caT 7 ^ bere if the devil himself were after rl ? e ‘ e i°°ked about through the thicket, -t iien stepped back to the roadway, and glanced ' J ‘¥j, an 1 ° Wn \ A little further on he saw white jp 1 ars g earning through the trees, and smoke ^ iIIa e U P f r °nti the chimneys of a handsome Cario^S th ? t A must be your home, Doggy,” -there and *# At any rate ’ 1 shaU take y° u -the d i 14 y° u don’t belong there, perhaps OTraer 1 ’’ 6 take you in and find your He tucked the dog under his arm. 1 -Poor Uttl, e one. Digitized by LiOOQle THE OUR LADY VILLA 51 and the little fellow cuddled up to him lov- ingly, as Carlo started toward the Villa. His heart beat more quickly, for he knew well it was a dangerous thing to do. Perhaps some one at the Villa would know about him and would take him to jail! Perhaps — oh! a thousand possibilities flashed through his mind, but he went bravely on, entering the great white gates of the Villa, and walking firmly up the smooth driveway which led to the house. On either side the drive were magnificent chestnut trees, their long racemes full of snowy blooms, which powdered the ground like flakes of snow. The marble walls of the house were ornamented with beautiful figures, and as he neared the balustrade of the piazza, Carlo saw carved over the doorway, a lovely lunette of the Blessed Virgin, upon her caressing arm, the Holy Child. “The Madonna and her Blessed Bambino guard this house — it cannot be a bad place,” he thought. “Sweetest Mother, guard me, too!” As he mounted the steps he saw a figure thrown down upon some cushions, a tumbled, weary little figure, and at his step a little girl Digitized by THE MIRROR 59 sprang to her feet and looked at him in sur- prise. Her face was blotched with crying and stained with tears, but a look of sudden de- light spread over it as she saw the boy. “Oh, Carlo 1 You have him,” she cried gleefully. “Oh, you dear, nice boy, where did you find him? Give him to me quick!” Doffing his cap. Carlo handed her the little dog, saying, “Is it your pet, My Lady?” smiling at the eager, childish face. “I found him a little ways back in the bushes. Be careful, he has hurt his foot. I have taken from it a locust thorn. You should put some lotion on it to heal the wound and keep out a fever.” ‘ Oh, Nurse will take care of him,” she said. He has been lost since last night, and we have all been searching everywhere for him. I have been up since day fight! I cannot thank you enough for bringing him to me — my poor Carlo.” The boy looked puzzled. How did you know my name was Carlo?” he asked. Your name — but is it? How droll!” her au gh rang out merrily in the fresh morning Digitized by LjOOQle THE OUR LADY VILLA 53 air. “That is my doggie’s name; it was he I meant.” Carlo laughed also. “I never before heard of a dog with my name,” he said. “In America we call many dogs that,” she said. “I have never heard a boy with that name before. But I think it is a nice name for a boy too. What is your other name. Boy Carlo, and where do you live?” she demanded. “Just Carlo,” he said vaguely. “I used to live over there—” with a wave of his hand toward Lavengro. “But I am going away now.” “Will your mother let you? Where are you going?” asked the little girl. “I don’t know just where,” said the boy with a sigh. “And I haven’t any mother or father.” He choked a little, and across the child’s face there swept a look of sweet sympathy. “I haven’t got any either — only aunts. You’d better go to Chicago. That’s a good place for boys.” “Where is it?” asked Carlo. “Oh, ’cross the ocean, over in the United States. It’s the nicest place!” she sighed. Digitized by 54 THE MIRROR “Yes, Nurse,” as a voice called her from within the house, “I’m coming. Carlo’s found. Here, Boy Carlo,” as he turned away. “It’s a long ways to Chicago — take my purse — Yes, you will!” with a stamp of her little foot, as he started to refuse the offer. “I have lots of others. Buy some candy or something. No — ” as he still protested, “aunty won’t care. She’s got so much tiresome money she wouldn’t ever care what I did with it. Never mind thanking me, but if you get to Chicago,” as she stuffed a fat little silk purse in his hand, “go to Father Felipo’s church — the old Italian church, and bum a candle for me. Father Felipo is a perfect pet and awfully nice to boys. Good-by — thank you, Boy Carlo,” and she ran into the house, as he turned to hurry down the driveway. Digitized by Google CHAPTER VI THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN*’ C ARLO ran on with a warm glow at his heart. “The Our Lady Villa was nice,” he thought, a smile on his brown face. “I guess my Angel Guardian sent me there. I wonder how many pennies are in this fat purse?” But he had no time to look at that moment, for spying a soldier coming down the road, he was filled with a sudden fear that the officer was coming after him, and he ran on as fast as his legs would carry him. He did not stop until a good distance lay between him and the Villa, and then he sat down to rest beneath the tall trees which bordered the road. Far away he could see the lake, gleaming golden in the morning sunlight, for it was broad daylight and beginning to grow warm. Carlo began to feel tired and hungry. He opened his paper and ate a piece of Felippe’s bread, and 65 Digitized by 56 THE MIRROR as he sat thinking and wondering what he should do next, a shadow fell across him, and looking up hastily in alarm, he saw an organ grinder with a monkey beside him. “You are tired out early in the day,” said the man in a friendly voice. He was a short, stocky fellow, not slender and graceful, like most of the men of Northern Italy, to whom Carlo was accustomed, and he spoke with a queer accent. “I am tired,” said Carlo simply. The lit- tle monkey sniffed at him as he spoke, and the boy put out his hand to the beast’s funny lit- tle turned up nose. The monkey smelled at the hand, rubbed his nose on it, then sat down on his haunches and looked at Carlo. He got up, with a knowing air, tipped his ridic- ulous little red cap over one ear, put out his hand to shake hands, took his tail in his mouth and waltzed round three times, then, with an air of great satisfaction at having done his tricks, gave a jump, and landing in Carlo’s lap, sat down there, making himself completely at home. Carlo stroked his head gently, scratched it behind the ear with his finger and gave him a bit of bread crust. The monkey Digitized by Google THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 57 ate the bread, then calmly curled himself up in Carlo’s lap and went to sleep. Carlo looked up at the man and smiled. “Certainly he takes a liking to you,” said the man, smiling too. “I never saw him do that to any boy before.” “Animals always like me,” said Carlo. “You knew enough not to put forth your hand to pat him before he smelled you,” said the man. “Had you put it out, palm down- ward, even though you meant well, the poor beast, who is more used to find boys cruel than kind, would have thought you meant to strike him, and bitten you. His teeth are of the sharpest!” “He will not bite me,” said Carlo, indif- ferently, his hand stroking the little wrinkled head. “One must have sense as well as the beasts. I do not like to have strangers touch me. But would you have a piece of bread?” he asked, remembering his manners, and that the man might be poor like himself and hun- gry, with the morning air to sharpen his ap- petite. “That will I, if you have it to spare,” re- plied the stranger, and Carlo handed him the Digitized by THE MIRROR *** ce } ot bread and cheese. He took handed back the rest, with a ] ® upon his face which changed hi — j i ® om ber countenance, and made i w -g^d kindly. Where are you going so early in th uiy- lad? ’ he asked, as he ate the b: ar o s face clouded and he answei tone, «T? lat i 1 d ° not know ” ot know !” the man looked at hin ^ >r lf t and * be W hung his head. e you in trouble?” the man ^?f' rC bis face, and Carlo could not stran ger frowned a little, then lc searchingly. B °y> he said, “it comes to me that ^tinning away. If y 0 u have a mother, G ^„ a ^ on ce. No matter what y« <jone, if your mother is at home, she will -to ave you back. Once, I ran aws ^ not please me, and got all i when I went home again my mol awa y f° God. Do you know ] . ea then? For one has only one 111 a * fhe world — there is never any Digitized by THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 59 her and when she goes away to be with the Blessed Mother in Heaven, the earth is never- more the same place.” “That I know,” said poor Carlo, with a sob, “for my mother is dead these many years.” “Your father?” the man’s glance was search- ing. “My father too is dead.” “You have no guardian?” “I have an uncle to my father, very hard and stern. To him I owe nothing, for I have worked for all the food and clothes he has ever given to me, as none other would have worked for money. I will not go back to him, he does not want me!” the boy’s eyes filled with tears. “Do you want to tell me all about your trouble. Boy,” said the man kindly. “For I can well see that you are in trouble. Perhaps I can help you.” “There is no way to help me, except to tell me how best I can get away from here,” said Carlo. “And I dare not stay longer.” “Come,” said the man cheerfully, “we shall walk together. You may tell me what you wish of your story, and if I can help you I Digitized by Google 60 THE MIRROR will. I am sure that you have done nothing bad, and that you will tell me the truth. But tell me only so much as you wish me to know, for even a boy’s business is his own, unless parent or guardian must command him to speak.” The man’s tone was so kind, so pleasant was his look, that the poor boy’s heart was won, and Carlo, with the monkey in his arms, walked along beside the speaker, saying, “I will tell you all, but I cannot make you understand the story, since I do not at all un- derstand it myself. Only I ask you to believe that I am telling you the very truth.” As they trudged along through the morning sunshine he told him all his story as he under- stood it, of the finding of the lady’s purse, of the accusation, of his long hours in the statue, of Felippe’s strange note, and of his flight through the night, after hearing the words of the constable that it would be better for his sister if he never returned. As he finished the stranger knit his brows. “It is a strange story,” he said. “The poor little sister — she must suffer to tell you not to return. Will the uncle treat her kindly when Digitized by Google THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 61 you are gone? You are sure you cannot go back and try to make things straight?” “I will not — I dare not!” the lad said with a shudder. “You do not know my uncle. To Felippe he is always kind, but me he never liked. He would kill me. Besides, to jail I will never go. Rather would I throw myself into the lake. Why, my mother would be un- happy up in heaven, were I put in a jail!” “Nay, Child, the saints in heaven may not he unhappy,” said the man. “If they can see down from heaven, and things happen unto us which we think are sad, they are not such to them, because they see with holy eyes, and it is shown to them that all things are the will of God, come to us for our good. This I know, because Father Bernardo told me it, when sor- rows came to me such as few men could bear. Come, Lad, be brave! Since you will not go back, I do not find it in my heart to give you to that gend’arme coming there.” Carlo shuddered and turned pale as he saw a soldier approaching. “Hey, foolish one! Do not look as if you had murdered your father so that he will surely arrest you on suspicion! That is bet- Digitized by Google THE MIRROR 63 ter!” as Carlo summoned up a smile and the soldier passed them with only a cursory glance. “Do you want to come away with me?” asked the man abruptly. “To where?” asked Carlo, with wide opened eyes. “A long ways from here,” replied his new friend. “I am going to New York. When I get there I play the organ and make the monk dance in the streets. Often I make plenty money, sometimes not enough but the life is good. The Americans are a strange people. They have too much money. Al- ways they give something because the monk makes them laugh. Sometimes I get tired, so I thought I should have a boy to help me. I came home to Messina to get my sister’s boy, but she and all the babies are dead in the great earthquake. I no longer have any peo- ple. So will you come with me?” “How shall I pay to go so far?” asked Carlo, whom hardships had made practical. “Can one walk to America and carry the monk? Is it far to this place with the strange, hard name — New York?” “Scarcely may one walk,” laughed the man. Digitized by LjOOQle THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 63 “Yes, it is far. One must walk from here, then take the railway — see where that smoke is, that is the train. Then one reaches the city of Genoa and there is a huge ship upon which one stays for a fortnight, and then there is New, York.” “Across the seal” Carlo’s eyes opened wide in astonishment. Then an idea came into his head. “Did you ever hear of a place called Chicago by New York?” he asked, remember- ing what the little girl at the Villa had said. “Yes — it is not by New York, but a long ways from it, though I have been there,” an- swered the man. “What do you know of it?” “Not much,” said Carlo, “but I should like to go there if I had the money.” “Perhaps we will go there — it is a fine place for the organ,” said his friend. “Now see, we shall make a bargain. I think you have no money and I have not very much. I shall take you to New York, and you shall be my nephew. You shall serve me for two years. Then you shall be free to go wherever you like. You shall have from me, the same as myself, food, clothes and lodging. As you serve me well, I shall at times give you lief Digitized by 64 THE MIRROR to earn extra money which you can When we reach the United States I shall to your priest at home and find out if trouble has been cleared up. If so, yo go home when your year is up, if you wi if not, you can save money to bring your out to you. But for two years you must ine. What do you say?” But one thing I can say and that is y™’ said Carlo. “I go with you.” „ u t that is two things,” laughed the So it is settled.” “But,” said Carlo, timidly. “There t mg. J have here a few pennies, a litt gave them to me for finding her dog. 1 t a you would take them, for since yo ° S v, . DClu<dl f° r me, I should not like tc anyt mg from you,” and he handed the silk purse to the man. , 6 °P ened it, and looked at the cor ^ ar ^° a sur prised glance. -r >»> ere y°u say you got these pe fi °J- as ked, and Carlo told him the Pomeranian and returning it 1 a » and of the little girl’s insisting up h<m ng the purse . Digitized by LjOOQle THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 65 “Some one has said that a kind deed is like a seed which grows in the darkness,” said the man, “and when you are not looking for it, it springs up green and fresh. Truly your deed has borne fruit. Boy, there is enough in this purse to carry you all the way to New York.” “It doesn’t matter,” said Carlo. “Take it, for I couldn’t go to New York all by myself. I don’t care for it, and I do not see how such a tiny purse could hold so much money.” “Your little lady’s pennies are all in gold. Child,” said the man. “Some of it is American money and is of no use here. See now, I will be quite fair with you. I will keep the money, and from it I shall pay for your passage on the ship. Then the rest I shall keep for you, and you shall work for me one year. Then I shall give back your money and you shall go your way. Is that fair?” “Quite fair,” said Carlo, “since you will have all the trouble of taking care of me. I am glad to work for you anyway, because you are kind.” “So — we will talk no more of business,” said the man, smiling. “It is always a trouble. So, Gigi, your new friend will go with you to Digitized by Google THE MIRROR 66 New York, and help to care for you — good news, is it not?” and he reached over and stroked the monkey’s head. The little beast whom Carlo still carried carefully in his arms, raised his head and gave his master a quick caress, then tucked his head under his paw to sleep again. Carlo laughed and the man smiled. “Lazy one — she is glad when she does not have to ride on the organ, and hang on with her claws,” he said. “The children will be glad when we come back to New York. They like Gigi. I can hear them cry out now ‘Hi Pete is come! Here is the Smiley Monkey Man!’ ” “Your name, then, is Hi Pete?” inquired Carlo politely. The monkey man threw back his head and laughed. “My name is Pietro Barguilio,” he said. “Pete, they call me in New York. ‘Hi’ — that is the way they call to each other. You will be ‘Hi Carlo’ over there. You must try very hard to learn to speak the language so that you will not get the cheat, as they call it. Digitized by LjOOQle THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 67 There are plenty of people to cheat over there. But most of all, you must learn to smile.” “To smile — I can smile — ” said Carlo, “but it is hard.” “No, it is not hard, not after the first one or two times that one makes a smile, when one does not feel it,” said the monkey man. “Very soon I have learned that. People like a monkey man who smiles. No man likes a monkey man with a trouble. Every man has got his own trouble. No one cares for yours. That is, when he has a little one. When he has a big, big trouble that nothing can ever cure, that perhaps makes him sorry for other people, for it is no use to be sorry for himself. I learned that when I had had my very big troubles. My wife and baby boy all die and I can never help them, and other things come too, and I can do nothing but sit still. So I always remember that nobody wants a face with troubles. I smile. Then people buy things from me. If they don’t buy, then I smile just the same. Then they say, ‘That nice man — he smiles when I don’t buy — Next time I must buy from him.’ And when I Digitized by Google 68 THE MIRROR come again, with the same smile, they buy. I learn this long time ago. And I smile wher- ever I go, and people give me many pennies to hear the organ and see Gigi, for she makes them smile. And in my beat, where I play in New York, they say when they see me coming, ‘Here comes the Smiley Monkey Man,’ and all run out to see. So I earn a good living with my organ and my monkey.” “And your smiles,” said Carlo, smiling him- self. “Most of all with my smiles,” said the man. “After a while, if you try to smile, on the face, you begin to feel smile. All inside yourself feels better from the smile upon your face. You do not think this is so. Boy? When I was young like you, I thought so too, but try, and you will find it out for yourself.” “I shall try to smile, since that is what pleases you,” said Carlo, his heart warming to the man whose friendly chatter was passing away the time and keeping him from sad thoughts. “That is a good boy,” replied his friend. “And one thing more. Never let yourself say stupid things about throwing yourself into the Digitized by LjOOQle THE “SMILEY MONKEY MAN” 69 lake, or any foolish thing like that. It is but a coward who kills himself. And where is the advantage? You do it to escape the troubles of this life. If that were the end — but yes — perhaps it might do. But it is not, and you will but put yourself in a worse place in the after world, for I am sure that the Good God could never take a coward into heaven, and one who would not accept what was sent to him here, could not expect to be with the brave saints above. But see, with our long talking we have whiled along the way, and now we are at the railway. There, beyond that turn we take the train. When you are in the train, you shall rest and sleep, and then we shall be at the next stage of our long journey, the Ship. Courage, Hi Carlo, and smile T Digitized by CHAPTER VII ON SHIPBOARD C ARLO saw little of the beautiful country through which the train passed, for he slept the sleep of utter exhaustion, and when Pietro roused him, saying they had reached their destination, he stumbled along, too sleepy to notice the streets of Genoa, through which he was led. With Pietro’s guiding hand upon his shoulder he went down a plank, and lay down where he was told, sleeping again, and not wakening until broad daylight. All about him was confusion, and he had a strange sensa- tion of being churned up and down, so that for the moment he thought himself on the lake in a storm in his uncle’s boat. He rubbed his sleepy eyes, and felt a cold touch on his face which made him jump to his feet and look around. There was everywhere a babble of voices. He was on board a great ship, all round him were men, women and children, with bundles and boxes upon which they sat, the 70 Digitized by LjOOQle ON SHIPBOARD 71 women weeping and waving their hands to people who stood on the quay. As Carlo stood stupidly staring about him, he became conscious that Pietro and Gigi were beside him and the man said, “I thought you would never waken, but Gigi roused you at last with her cold tongue. You are just in time to say good-by to Italy. We are casting off. Lad; it is too late now to go back if you wanted to.” “I do not want to,” said Carlo, choking as he thought of Felippe, yet speaking bravely, and he stood quite still and watched the shores of his country recede from sight. It was a wonderful scene. The harbor of Genoa is one of the most beautiful in the world, and seen on a summer morning, when the brilliant southern sun gleams o’er the marble palaces, which rise along the hillside above the town in a semicircular amphithea- ter, each palace window gay with flowers and trailing vines, and below the azure waters of the shimmering bay, dotted with countless white-sailed craft, it fills the mind with wonder at the loveliness of Nature in this fair I talian land. Digitized by Google 73 THE MIRROR Carlo looked until he could look no more for tears, and then he felt Pietro’s hand upon his shoulder. “Look no more, Boy,” he said. “You are young. You will come back. With you I feel that all will yet be well. So take your courage in your hand and look forward, never backward, for that brings pain. There is much for you to do upon the voyage even. You will learn to play the organ, you will care for Gigi, maybe you will learn to be sea-sick — that will take up your time not too pleas- antly, eh?” “What is it to be sea sick?” asked Carlo, curiously. “You do not know? You have never, then, felt this evil at the stomach? You are a lucky dog. It comes when you go on the water,” said Pietro. “I have been always on the water of the lake,” said Carlo, “but there I never was sick.” “Maybe you will not be on the sea,” said Pietro. “We shall see. But when you know what is this sickness of the sea, you will under- stand that it is far from pleasant. I myself am never ill, being from my youth a fisher boy Digitized by Google ON SHIPBOARD 73 at Palermo, and always on the sea. I hope you will not feel this evil,” and he looked at Carlo keenly as he spoke, for the boy began already to look pale. It was but a short time before the boy real- ized that his friend had spoken the truth about the evils of sea sickness, for he was so ill that Pietro was really alarmed about him. The worry and fatigue of the last few days had worn the boy out and his slight frame was ill fitted to bear the strain under which he had been. The ship doctor, coming through the steerage, saw him, and declared the child in a high fever, but his remedies soon prevailed and Carlo, though weak and miserable, was in a few days able to lie in the open air, where the salt breeze brought color to his face and strength to his limbs. In a week he felt strong and well and said to Pietro, “This is the first time in my life that I have ever been ill. Never before was I lying down in the daytime. I never have had even a sore throat, which Padre Laurentini said was an excellent thing, for nothing spoils the voice like that.” Digitized by 74 “'Til — -*-oe voice?” y %: ' sa,d , xtle voice • Piei’° Sing ~~~you 1 th Witily ” said Ca 1 Pietro. y ° u ‘hen can s i ng r ■ yes t • Carlo AcC rd of demur P “ lro " « no t , CUst °ni e d to S m ’• a Io °heyed. h ls '£?#* of Se l» to the p adre steer a ^ k Up ° n the D ? , OUSness - hut m ° ut h Tnd CCk ’ he faced p^!* 0 Crow< his mind d *t ang the first th‘ ***?’. ° pei w hich p ’ th he hymn he so £ w kchcai well. «<* ther Laurent, V 1 ? arly love c ^t;%^si to,dhimh “ent ]° Pene< l his ey Jlf beauhfnl voi « Carlo l er a crowd I ?u mazement - i heard / aSed singing fhf! red / round ai moved l° r 1 taliaf s f ’ h ° Uts of “ B ^voi» hi any f y heauty 0 f soimd ° l0T [ ers 811(1 e “s£ fori11 - d ’ or mdee(1 he, thirn* a Sain,” p; P t rn S ga ^not » r t ,. Commande < 1 - “So ot a church song.” Digitized by Google ON SHIPBOARD 75 “I do not know much but holy songs,” said Carlo, hesitating. “But perhaps the fisher song will do,” and he sang the gay little bar- carolle, with its rollicking chorus, “Ohe, for the fishes are in the good sea!” which pleased the listeners mightily. At the railing above, cabin passengers gath- ered, with the eagerness for anything new which one always finds in voyagers nearing the end of a long passage. Pietro gave the boy a quick command and Carlo sang again, this time an “O, Salutaris” of haunting beauty, in which the young voice seemed like an angel’s, so clear and sweet were its tones. As he finished a young woman from the deck above threw him down a silver piece, which he caught, then doffed his old cap and thanked her with a brilliant smile. Pietro watched him curiously, wondering at his perfect unconsciousness, and asking him- self if the praise would spoil the boy? But Carlo tossed him the money carelessly, whis- pering, “The lady must be one of the Americans of whom you tell, for you said they had money to throw away for nothing.” Digitized by Google -ye THE MIRROR At that moment a ship officer appeared, and him was the young lady who had thrown Q^ r lo the money. She was speaking in pretty pli an to the officer, and Carlo heard her say, ^ *■ Is that the boy? He is a prize. I want ^ <=> see if he can be gotten for the choir. I ■^y-fint just such a voice.” “What is your name, Boy?” demanded th< officer. “Carlo, sir,” said he, quietly. “Where are you going? Is this you: f «.-ther?” demanded the officer. Carlo cast a glance of entreaty at Pietro aI1 d the monkey man answered quickly, “Carlino is my boy. I go to Messina t Tz>ring back my sister’s boy to New York t Xnelp me with the organ and the monkey.” And the angel voice of that child is to b dragged through the streets of New York! ■the young lady clasped her hands in horro: B°y, you come with me. Your uncle ca Bnd another boy. I will pay him mone enough to get a boy to grind his organ. M ? a j^ nce 1 The man would tie a nightinga o Haul a plo W ! You must come with m in guig Boy 1 i pay thousands of dolla Digitized by ^.ooQle ON SHIPBOARD TT to have your voice trained, and you will make the greatest baritone in the world. Thousands will come to hear you; you can sing in grand opera, and be a rich man. Will you come with me?” She smiled winningly upon Carlo and the boy looked at her in silence. To have his voice trained — to learn to sing and sing well — how he would love to do that! His dream could never come true now — it was useless to think of that! No one would ever allow a poor, disgraced boy, a thief, to sing holy songs for the glory of God — “But it is no use to think of what she says,” he said to himself, “for I have promised to go with Pie- tro.” So he smiled at the young lady and an- swered, “You are very kind, My Lady, but I may not go with you and learn to sing, for I must go to New York with Pietro and Gigi.” “You are an ingrate!” pouted the pretty, spoiled little lady, quite accustomed to having her own way and having every one do just as she wished. “I shall have no more to say to you!” and with a frown she turned on her heel and walked away, saying to the officer, “Is not that boy too provoking! I am sure Digitized by LjOOQle •78 THE MIRROR his voice is as good as that of a boy a friend of mine is always talking about. She is a rich old maid, a Miss Edgerton, and is always boasting of some fisher boy who sings at Lav- engro. I should just like to have written her that I had found as great a prize as she had!” and she went away pouting, while the young officer assured her eloquently, that the boy was indeed a foolish fellow who would not do any- thing wished by so charming an American lady. Carlo, meantime, was congratulating him- self that he had been so foolish, if foolish it was, to keep his promise to Pietro. “San Carlo be praised !” he thought. “Now see what comes when one tries to do right! Had I deserted my Smiley Monkey Man and the poor Gigi, and broken my promise to the one who has been so kind to me, and had I gone with this lady to learn to sing, I should have been in a fine trouble. For she would have written to Miss Edgerton at Lavengro, and she would have found out who I was, and this strange lady would have heard that I am a l 6 ** an< ^ P er> haps would have sent me back there to jail.” Digitized by LjOOQle ON SHIPBOARD 79 Pietro put his hand on the boy’s shoulder with a friendly grasp. “You are a good lad,” he said. “I shall not forget that you stayed with me and did not take the Signorina’s offer. Most boys would have jumped at the chance.” “But I had promised you,” said Carlo, sim- ply, as if that quite closed the incident, and Pietro said no more. The days upon the ship passed thereafter quickly to Carlo. He was a favorite with every one and with the blessed carelessness of childhood, at times he almost forgot his trou- bles and basked in the sunshine of the skies and the smiles of those around him. He played with Gigi and with the children upon the ship, and there were many tired mothers who blessed the boy for his kindness in amus- ing their little ones with his singing and merry tales. His cheeks rounded out with the healthy food and the salt air, and he seemed hardly the same boy who had left Lavengro, pale, thin and anxious-eyed. “When we reach New York you will be quite well and strong,” said Pietro one night, Digitized by LjOOQie 80 THE MIRROR as they lay in their blinks talking a little before going to sleep. “It will be well, for there you will have to work hard.” “I shall be glad of that,” said Carlo. “I want to work, for when one is busy, one does not think, and when I think of Felippe I want to cry and that is a poor thing for a boy.” “No — to weep is bad for boy or girl,” said the Smiley Monkey Man. “No matter what happens — smile !” The words were scarcely out of his mouth when there was a frightful crash, as of rending timbers, the lights went out, and through the darkness came shrieks and screams of fear, with the frightful cry, “The ship is sinking!” Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER VIII THE DISASTER A S Pietro clutched him by the arm. Carlo sprang to his feet, clasping Gigi in his arms. “Wrap yourself in this — quick! There’s not a minute to lose!” cried Pietro, seizing a blanket and throwing it around the boy, who held on to it mechanically. “Come!” and the man dragged him along to the doorway which separated the steerage from the other part of the ship. “Quick! Quick!” he urged, as Carlo stumbled after him. They reached the doorway and as they rushed through. Carlo heard a grating sound behind them, and the great door swung shut. “Not a minute too soon,” said Pietro. “Hurry to the deck!” and he half pushed, half pulled the boy up the ladder which led above. On the decks all was confusion. Half dressed people were running to and fro, women 81 Digitized by LjOOQie the mirror ^eh the Ufebo t"' 0 ” franticaU y 4 r the moment* ev ™ '^»ugh all t eir men ’., fflcers were trying t. -st I” ° aUin S> “Women and It Was dark n »s, but through tb m °°i n ligh * ing U P * .x^d diresome fh he 1 g oom Carl ° saw ifcle. shape loom up, jagged “The shin ■oice, and th/^f 1 * 0 an ic eberg!” U trio’s verv K bltter co ^ seemed t< ine to think i° nes ‘ Bef °re he scare “You must °T ever ’ Pietro took hif «rill take you ?° m the boat >” he said. mv chon becau se you are small. i» lifebelt. jj- Ces ^ith the other men. 1 . small book ^T~~” he thrust into ^ •CToni-^the arm lt you get to New Yor '3 rou - Try „n^ reSS is tb ere — he will lo< H e c ! save Gigi, if you can. arail and a sail Ve tbe a P us| h tow <I QW n the r0 ok° r SWung the b °y over t -Already nearl rope ladder, into a 1 ■^th only eri y fu h of women and cl "boat cast off ° Ugb sailors to man the oj an d bobbed up and dowi Digitized by THE DISASTER 83 cork over the waves, until Carlo hardly knew whether his heels or head were uppermost. His hands felt numh. He was almost frozen and almost too frightened to think, he sat very still until he grew a little accustomed to the motion of the boat. Then he tried to look about him. On every side were bodies floating in the water, shrieks and groans were heard, it was all a nightmare of horror. Sud- denly one of the women in the boat gave a ter- rible cry. “The ship I The ship!” and cov- ered her face with her hands. Carlo looked, fascinated. He saw the great ship which had seemed such a floating palace, rise in the air, turn to one side, then with a mighty lurch and the swirl of a thousand waters, disappear beneath the waves, which were churned into snowy foam. Midst the swirl of waters were seen floating bits of wreckage and bodies everywhere, and Carlo’s heart sank within him as he thought of the Smiley Monkey Man, and wondered where he was. Had his smile gone down beneath the waste of waters, or had he too been picked up by some boat? The hoy hoped against hope that his friend had been saved, but it seemed as Digitized by Google 84 THE MIRROR if no one could live amidst the terrors all around him. The oarsmen of the boat Carlo was in were rowing for dear life away from the frightful scene, other boats soon were swallowed up in the darkness, and in a few minutes they seemed alone upon the mighty deep. Almost stupe- fied with fear, cold and benumbed. Carlo leaned his head upon his hand, clasping Gigi close to him. How long he sat thus he did not know, hut the sound of a child’s crying aroused him and he opened his eyes and looked about him. Morning was just beginning to dawn, and through the dim grayness he could barely dis- tinguish the other figures in the boat. A woman next to Carlo had a tiny little girl in her lap, and the child whimpered and cried. “What is the matter with your baby?” he asked the woman. She shook her head, not understanding Italian, and he touched the child to find her little hands cold as ice. “Let her have some of my blanket,” he said, offering to wrap the baby in a fold of the blan- ket, which offer the woman gratefully ac- cepted. She wrapped it round the child, who smiled at Carlo, and said, “Good boy,” the Digitized by Google THE DISASTER 85 words of which he did not understand, but the tone was so kind that he smiled in return. Dawn broke in golden splendor across the waves, the sun seeming to jump from the waters, a great ball of light, not heat, for it did not warm the frozen inmates of the boat. Not another boat was in sight, no sail could be seen on the horizon. The children moaned with hunger and thirst, for there was scarcely any food or water aboard the lifeboat, so carelessly appointed had been the means of escape from the floating palace, in case of accident. Carlo timidly drew from his pocket a crust of bread he had saved from his dinner the day before to give to Gigi, and offered it to the woman with the little child. She smiled a wan smile of thanks, broke it in half and gave him back a piece, giving the other to the child who ate it hungrily. The morning wore away. The oarsmen were so exhausted that they could scarcely move their arms, and several women took their places, rowing doggedly. Sud- denly Carlo became conscious that his feet were terribly cold, and looking down saw a thin stream of water creeping through the bottom of the boat. Digitized by Google 86 THE MIRROR “A leak!” he thought. “I must stop it and say nothing unless it gets so bad that I cannot help it. If all these people know about it they will be so scared they will get into a panic and upset the boat.” Quietly he stuffed the end of his blanket into the crack, stamping it down with his feet, and pressing it with all his might. In the cramped position his feet grew stiff and sore, hut he forced himself to sit quite still and the water came in so little at a time that for a time the blanket soaked it up. So wore away the weary day. Babies moaned in their mother’s arms, even the grown people drooped with the fatigue of the cramped positions, their hearts sick with suspense. Then sunset came with all the glories of its radiance, turning the waves to rippling gold and rose, then o’er all was spread the sudden quick darkness which nowhere falls so swiftly as at sea. Carlo shuddered, yet held himself in check, and one of the oarsmen said, “What use is it to row more ? If a ship were here in this waste, it could never see us through this darkness. We may as well drift.” Digitized by LjOOQie THE DISASTER 87 A child wailed, a woman sobbed. Then all was silent with the silence of despair. Then there came upon the chilly evening air a sound sweet as the carol of a bird, clear, pure and tender, the notes of a boy’s voice in that dear hymn of the sea, “Ave Santissima, ’tis nightfall on the sea.” The boy’s tones seemed almost superhuman, as the words of the lovely hymn came with a gentle comfort to weary hearts, despairing of hope, “Ave Santissima, we raise our hearts to thee.” Suddenly the man on the lookout, peering weary-eyed through the darkness, cried out, “A shout! I heard a shout.” Deathlike silence fell upon the boat, each ear strained to the utmost, and over the water came the sound of voices calling. “Sing, Boy! Loud — to guide them to us,” cried the sailor, and Carlo sang as never in all his life had he sung before. Then all the pas- sengers called loud and long, and suddenly out of the darkness there streamed the search-light of a ship, then a hulk came into view, lights flashed over the water, shouts rent the air, and Digitized by 88 THE MIRROR “Saved r* ^ b0at Went Up the J°3 hiiTf a r r om e i a ^ d / ed by kind hands wl his stiffen , e v b ^hoat, Carlo felt life i ill effects fr and in a day shov «frTJ:Z £ ^W-xpenence. he could not talW?i! P ° Spoke 14 was kind to u • th any one > but ev «™er hi s i n™ and thou « h »° ° “What h ^V lriCS ^ or Pietro. Man?”hetlT S f C ° me °f m y Smiley ! me?” Th ° U ^ bt * “And what will bt tion, however WaS ^ n u W&y to answer tl what the lanri’ &nd he could onl y wai the prepamf mg Would bring forth, sc soon bein tl0nS ° n the shi P that thej 11 port. and thTw eref ° re ’ New York was * sank as he T, Saw tb e wonderful city, h ness of ronf °nght, “Where in all this Landed^ 1 ', 1 eVer &d » Wend other refu P ° n the wharf » with a nur found an ^ CS - from tbe wreck, a dock tioned thelbo 0 ^ Wb ° spoke Italian, an Wft s coming to New York with I Digitized by Google THE DISASTER 89 said Carlo. “He put me in the lifeboat and I have not seen him since.” “He may have been saved in some of the other boats,” said the official, not unkindly, for the boy’s plight was pitiful. “Do you know where he was going to take you? If you have no place to go, we will have to keep you here, and if no one turns up to claim you, I’m afraid you’ll have to be deported.” “What is that?” asked Carlo, terrified. “Oh, sent back to Italy,” said the man. “You see the laws are very strict. We cannot have all kinds of children dumped over here for the State to take care of. If they have no proper people to look after them, they must go back home again. Didn’t you know any of your uncle’s friends?” “I do not know any of them — only Pietro gave me this,” and he pulled from his pocket the little book the Smiley Man had given him. “I had forgotten, but he said I was to go to the place it told of here.” Within the book was written, “Toni Grazi- ani, 425 Forquer Street,” and the official said, “Well, this is all right. Here, I will send a boy to this Toni and if he will come and Digitized by Google 90 THE MIRROR take you, you may go with him. So you can sit down here and wait.” Carlo sat on a bench as he was told, for hours, it seemed to him, feeling desolate enough, wondering what would happen to him next. “It seems that there is no place for me in all this world,” he thought. “Felippe said for me never to come back to Italy, and now they won’t let me be in Amer- ica. Well, I must be somewhere, so there’s nothing to do but wait, but one thing I am de- termined, I will not go back!” He covered his eyes with his hand and rested his head, then started, for he felt a hand on his shoulder, and a voice said to him in Italian, “Come with me quickly, Boy, unless you wish to be sent back home.” Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER IX IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE T URNING quickly, Carlo found himself looking into the eyes of a man whose face he did not like. “I cannot go with you,” he stammered. “I do not know you. I must wait here. The padrone he has sent for Pietro’s friend — Toni Graziani — to come for me and Gigi.” “Ah, yes — but Toni is my friend — he cannot come. Guiseppi is my name — I am brother to Pietro and Gigi is my monkey. I lent her to Pietro when he went home. Come with me and if Pietro comes again, he will find you safe with me. If you stay here. Boy, the soldiers will send you home again on a big ship.” There was something about the fellow which Carlo did not like. He was afraid to go with him and still more afraid to stay, indeed, he hardly knew what to do, until Gigi decided the matter for him. An officer started to come toward Carlo, and Guiseppi whispered, 91 Digitized by 92 THE MIRROR “Here he comes. Say you are mine or they take you away again. If you come not with me, I take Gigi and go,” and he laid his hand on the little monkey. Gigi whined and shiv- ered, and turning to Carlo, buried her face in the boy’s sleeve, and Guiseppi scowled and looked so angry that Carlo felt it boded ill for Gigi. J ust then the officer came up and Guis- eppi explained volubly that the boy had come to him, his brother being lost in the disaster, and that he would care for him as his own child! “Perhaps that’s not saying much,” said the young officer, as he looked at Carlo’s refined face and the rough one of the man. Then he asked the boy if he wanted to go with Guis- eppi and Carlo smiled and said, “I want to go with Gigi, sir,” so Carlo was given over to Guiseppi’s care. “Come on,” said Guiseppi, and Carlo fol- lowed him slowly. The boy was tired and cold, the motion of the ship was still in his head and he found it hard to walk, and Guiseppi hurried along so fast that it was all the boy could do to keep up with him. Once outside the building in the streets, Digitized by LjOOQie IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE 93 Guiseppi turned to Carlo and said, not un- kindly, “Are you hungry, Boy?” “I have had nothing since morning,” said Carlo, and his companion returned, “We shall get some food, for we have far to go.” He took Carlo into an eating house and got him hot soup and bread, and a drink of some- thing warm with a queer taste to it. The man said, “Drink well. Lad, for we have a long ways to go, and it will be a cool night. This Amer- ica gets into your bones, when you are not used to it.” Carlo ate gratefully and thought Guiseppi not so bad after all, starting up quickly as the man said, “Hurry now, we must go on.” They took a street car and the motion of the car lulled the boy to sleep so that he did not at all notice where they were going. The twi- light fell and Carlo still slept, until he had an uneasy sense of being roused and walking somewhere, hearing voices say, “He won’t wake — I fixed that,” and then he slept again. When he finally awoke, it was with a heavy Digitized by Google 94 THE MIRROR head and a feeling that he was on the ship again, for there was a strange, rumbling noise, and the seat where he lay was jiggling uncom- fortably. The boy sat up and rubbed his eyes. It was broad daylight. As he looked out of the win- dow beside which he found himself, he felt giddy and sea-sick, for a flying landscape was passing the window, fields, trees, houses, brooks and gardens passed the window in such quick succession that his eyes felt blurred and he could hardly distinguish anything. “Where am I?” he asked, dully. So much had happened to the poor lad since the inter- ruption of his quiet life at Lavengro that he could scarcely keep pace with the march of events. “It won’t be long before we shall be there,” said Guiseppi’s voice at his side. “Sleep all you can.” “But I am not sleepy,” said Carlo, sitting up straight, at last wide awake. “Where is it that we are going?” “To Chicago,” replied Guiseppi. “There I have business and so I am taking you with me, I would not leave you alone in New York.” Digitized by Google IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE 95 Guiseppi did not mention that for reasons of his own he had found New York too hot to hold him just then, and had departed as quickly as possible, lest he find himself unable to go when a certain big Irish policeman should find out certain things the Mafia had been ac- complishing with the assistance of Guiseppi. “Gigi — where is she?” Carlo’s voice faltered. “Oh, here beside you,” laughed Guiseppi. “She tried to bite me when I went to take her away. I think I shall have to keep you as long as I have Gigi, for she will not leave you.” Carlo looked down at the little monkey curled up beside him, and put his arm about the little beast, who nosed his hand gratefully, but showed her teeth at Guiseppi revengefully. “Cover her up,” said the man. “If the train conductor sees her, he may make you put her in the baggage car. Are you hungry? Here is a bite for you,” and he handed Carlo a thick wedge of bread and cheese. “I am more thirsty than hungry,” said Carlo, and Guiseppi showed him a tank of water at the end of the car, where he could drink his fill. Having eaten and drank, the boy felt better, and asked Guiseppi, Digitized by LjOOQle 96 THE MIRROR “W^Vvi 4 ? I do in Chicago?” had, and shall^ &n ° rgan like the ° ] and tnVe 4 -V. d go about the streets from th ® m °nkey and there will b irom the childrpn ^ . * as you are a ™ ’ * aid Ghnseppi. have food ^°° d b ° y and help me obey d a place to slee P- If “\vZ y T WiU be Punished.” in surprise 1 disobey you?” ask f° tell m *4. * alher Laurentini at hi skiV ,was a sbl disobe y-” “Who* j the man laughed sc ‘ cr p 0 • ° , y ° u hnow about sin?” disobey^A . r f plied Carlo, quite simp to anvb ted w hat is not true, to bi in ? y and to miss Mass on the S one’s d + Slrn P^ e words he quite sun enni l U ^ Clod, and one’s neighbor PPt laughed hatefully. lear n U t Plet0n1 ’’ he sneered - “You i them *° rnake all of these sins, as y “Oh 11 thCSe United States.” ’ ^*° T neA , hiS T l yeS U n «. * cnx * Surely not. I have h One i/ States CalIed the land of the 1 s hould there, be free to do right.” Digitized by IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE 97 “You are quite free to do as wrong as you like, that is certain,” said Guiseppi. “But listen to me. Boy. You will obey me and tell me the truth, because I shall punish you if you don’t. You may be as unkind to anybody as you like, so you keep a civil tongue towards me, and as to hearing Mass, you will not do that, because we shall be out with the hand or- gan, and Sunday morning is quite too good a time to lose. I want to hear no more about Mass — pish! one would think you were a monk. Don’t you know such things are for girls and priests, and not for men?” He scowled at Carlo and the boy said no more, but it came to him in a flash that this man must be a wicked man, an impostor, not the brother of the Smil- ing Monkey Man at all, and he determined to run away from him as soon as he could find an opportunity. He relapsed into silence, and hardly spoke at all during the long journey to Chicago, only rousing himself to answer po- litely when Guiseppi spoke to him, to eat the crust of bread he offered for his dinner, or to pet Gigi, who crouched close to him in terror of the noise of the train. They did not reach their destination until Digitized by Google THE MIRROR 9 & darkness had spread itself over all the fields and vales through which the train passed, and Carlo was so dazzled with the blaze of light •which shone in the great station into which the train swept with a shriek and clanging of bells, that he could scarcely notice anything. Tired and weary, sick at heart, he stumbled after Guiseppi, too worn out to care much what became of him, and he fell asleep on the cot to which Guiseppi motioned him, without taking note of his surroundings. "When he awoke, he lay quite still for a few moments without opening his eyes, and as he did so Guiseppi’s ugly voice smote his ear. ‘ You will watch the boy carefully,” he said. “Just now he is a puling baby, who does not know anything except to say his prayers. But he will learn” — an ugly laugh — “and once these pious, monk-faced brats turn, they are the worst possible. Take care he does not find out what we really are, or he will run away and no doubt find some priest to take him up. Of all things, see that he keeps away from Father Felipo. That priest is mad about boys, and has always a dozen or two of them at his heels.” Digitized by LjOOQie IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE 99 “But how do I know where is Father Felipo,” growled a rough voice. “They say he is every place.” “Yes, that he is — ” Guiseppi answered with an oath which made Carlo shudder. “But at any rate you can keep this weakling away from the neighborhood of his church, the old church on Wells, with the tall spire and cross. The boy will be too useful to us to let him get mixed up with any of the singing boys who go there and are trained by Father Felipo. In a few months, under your training, he will have for- gotten there is such a thing as church, or if he remembers, it will be only to hate it.” “He can’t do much until he learns Eng- lish,” replied the other voice, “and that he can- not well do since we shall speak only Italian to him.” “Only see that he does not run away,” said Guiseppi. “I wonder if he means to sleep all day. I will see if he is awake yet.” As his steps came into the room Carlo breathed quietly, looking to the man who bent over him as if sleeping the sleep of innocent childhood. Then he opened his eyes with a great yawn, as Guiseppi shook him saying. Digitized by Google 100 THE MIRROR “Lazybones, will you sleep all day? Come, get up and eat, and come out with my friend Luigi and me. We have the organ and must go forth into the street, for money is short and we must eat and sleep again to-night. Here one does not eat or sleep without pay- ing.” Carlo sprang up and looked around him. The room was dark and dirty, furnished only with two rough beds, a table, upon which was a howl and pitcher, and two or three rickety chairs. Cobwebs were everywhere, and the one window was so thick with dirt that one could scarcely see out. The boy looked at Guis- eppi’s lowering face and that of his friend, a shorter man, whose eyes somehow looked kinder than those of the hlack-hrowed Guis- eppi, and his heart sank, as he remembered the words he had just heard, words all knowl- edge of which he felt he must lock within his breast if he wished to live. Life was far from sweet, hut he must live for Felippe’s sake, for ever deep within his heart he held the memory of his sweet little sister, and a determination some day, somehow to clear himself from the awful charges against him, and return to Lav- Digitized by Google IN THE CITY BY THE LAKE 101 engro, to feel her sweet, cool cheek against his own. So he looked up at Guiseppi with a smile and said, “I am quite ready to go out with you and do my best to help you earn the soldi ” “Breakfast then.” Guiseppi handed him a hanana and a piece of bread, “and then you shall have your first sight of Chicago. Re- member it is full of had people and whatever you do, do not let yourself be separated from me or Luigi. Some one will catch you and murder you.” “Why should one do that if I have done no wrong?” asked Carlo, with wide-open eyes. “Perhaps they will not, but an officer will come and say to you — ‘What do you here? Where are your friends? Know you not that a boy cannot be in America without parents?’ And he will send you across the sea again to your home.” “This is a strange America,” said Carlo. “In my home there were many children with- out parents. Some one always cared for them and they were not sent away. But I shall re- member what you say,” and he sighed. Digitized by Google 102 THE MIRROR Yes — he would remember what Guiseppi said — and all day long as he dragged his tired little body through the glaring white streets, making Gigi perform her very best tricks for the boys and girls who watched delightedly, the antics of the little monkey, he went over and over in his mind all he had heard. Father Felipo — why did that name seem so familiar? He knew he had heard it before. And at last it flashed into his mind that it was the little girl whose dog he had saved who had said it. “The child at the House of the Madonna!” he said to himself. “She said if I went to Chi- cago I must find Father Felipo — that is it! And I shall find him some time. Always I shall remember the church on Wells Street — that strange name — with the tall spire and cross — that is what Guiseppi said. And when I have found it I shall know that there is Father Felipo, and he will be kind to me, for the little girl said he was always kind.” Digitized by Google CHAPTER X AN ERRAND OF MERCY T HE weeks which followed were strange ones for Carlo. Not able to speak a word of the strange tongue he heard around him, and carefully watched by the two men whose tool he was, the days dragged by with scarcely any change from one to the other. His only comfort was little Gigi, for the tiny beast was so affectionate and loved Carlo so devotedly, that the hoy grew equally as fond of the dumb creature and it was seldom out of his arms. He often thought and planned to run away from Guiseppi, straining his ears to pick up a word of English now and then, in the hope of learning to make himself under- stood by the strange people amongst whom he found himself. Often when Guiseppi would be more unkind than usual, the boy would have risked all and stolen away, had it not been that he did 1 not like to leave Gigi with the man 103 Digitized by 104 THE MIRROR whom she cordially hated and who was always cruel to her. “If Gigi was only mine!” Carlo said to him- self, “I would take her and run away. I am sure I could creep out some night when Guiseppi and Luigi are asleep after drinking that horrid stuff which makes them sleep so soundly. I think Gigi is really mine, for the Smiling Man gave her to me to take care of, but Guiseppi says his brother owned only half of her, and now that he is undoubtedly dead, Gigi is his. I shall have to wait and see what turns up. Only, if he tries to make me really do anything wicked, I shall rim away,” and the boy shut his bps tightly together. He was rapidly learning that there were other wicked things in the world besides telling lies and being unkind and missing Mass, and the low whispered conversations of the two men, when they thought him asleep, made him shudder at what he feared might he expected of him some time in that future, which stretched out before him in such dreary fashion. His requests to be allowed to go to Mass had been met with refusals, in the end with a severe beating from Guiseppi and the order Digitized by LjOOQie AN ERRAND OF MERCY 105 never to mention Mass again or he would get worse next time. So the boy tried to say his prayers, clinging to his beads as a drowning man to his last lin k with safety, carefully con- cealing them for fear lest the little brown string would be taken from him by the wicked man who seemed to hate with a vicious hatred anything which might remind him of the Church he derided and despised. Luigi was not quite so unkind to Carlo, in- deed, often when Guiseppi was not by, he would speak a kind word to the boy, and Carlo grew almost fond of the dark, silent man, who seemed sad rather than bad, who drank less than his companion, and seemed almost as much afraid of him as was Carlo. One day, coming in unexpectedly upon Carlo, Luigi caught him saying his beads and said, “What have you got there, Boy?” Carlo turned pale with fright, and put his hands behind him. “Please don’t take them from me,” he said. “"What is it?” asked Luigi, and Carlo hesi- tatingly held out the old brown beads, worn and broken. Digitized by Google 106 THE MIRROR “They were my mother’s,” he said, simply, and tears came into his eyes. Luigi looked at them in silence, then at the boy. “Keep them,” he said, as he turned away. “But don’t ever let Guiseppi see them as you value your life. His mother’s beads!” Carlo heard him murmur as he left the room, a strange look upon his dark face. It seemed to the boy as if his beads were destined to be seen, no matter how carefully he might conceal them, and the next fright he got in regard to them was on a Sunday when Guiseppi and Luigi had gone out and left him locked within the room. It was raining and too wet to take out the organ, so the two men had left Carlo at home and gone for a carouse ^rth others of their kind. Carlo spent the tune as best he could, playing with Gigi, and guiding the organ, and at last drew out his Precious beads and began to say the Rosary. Absorbed in the sweet Mysteries so comforting to the sad at heart, he did not notice a face ^rhich peered in at the window, the face of an °ld Woman, seamed and seared with vice, and the pathetic aspect of the old and neglected. Digitized by LjOOQie AN ERRAND OF MERCY 107 As she looked at the boy, something seemed to stir within her breast and a look of strange emotion swept over her wrinkled face. She stole softly from the window, not so softly, however, that Carlo did not hear her, and hid his beads again, more frightened than before. Carlo was alone all day. It was wild and rainy toward night and he would have felt afraid, but would not allow himself to fret over the storm or his loneliness. He was hungry, too, for Guiseppi had not had a good week and there was only a half loaf of bread, with no butter or cheese to eat with it, though Luigi had tossed the boy an apple as he left the room that morning, and Carlo managed to be con- tent. It was late November, and cold, and the wind whistled about the rickety house, moan- ing like departed spirits in torment. There was no fire in the room, and the boy felt cold, lonely and discouraged. His thoughts turned to Felippe and the happy times they had spent in fair Lavengro, before all the trouble came which had spoiled his life and made the heavens seem like a black cloud of darkness over him. Digitized by LjOOQle 108 “Oh, w ,. *** MWR0R “ if 1 could he murmured that inr. p see you again]” St the door and^* heard a strs f'r bad > mad S faCe tumed P»1 f° foar, a ; wicked city, he b land where he h‘*f. neT ' r feare d in what could be bom ’ and he ly for Guiser, ttle door ’ knowing d °“ <W»e ba c w r ;P‘ to ho at home, I ^om eth - before midnight. f t °r Par n=l ? n d e . med *o be scratch;, to ru St ho Cm trym * to open the ‘ho siM. ld stand it no longer “-PuuCjh i 5 *°cked,” he cried. d he Pldled 1 ? us V ’ called * cracl felf- 8 he PnllcrC “* mi « ht - ’ m against - tte door yielded and f b st ly paf hun - the figure of an ok she lay upon the floe f. *° lifted framed W ° rds and ^ h Ptiest. b j es t> Boy,” she gasped. “G “I don 0 T d ^’’ 1 a priest,” he said. Digitized by Google AN ERRAND OF MERCY 109 but she answered him, seizing his hand in her withered one, skinny and claw-like. “You must know!” she urged. “I saw you with a rosary to-day. Nobody in this wicked house has beads but you. You can find the priest. He lives not far beyond. For the love of God get him for me, and I will pray for your heart’s desire.” “Where do you live?” asked Carlo. “The next room — I will wait there. I can’t last till morning, and I must have a priest this night or burn in Hell.” “Guiseppi will kill me if he find it out,” said Carlo, “hut I will go for you, if you can only tell me where.” “Go by the front,” she gasped, “two blocks to the alley, two more straight ahead, mind you keep to the wall in the dark, then away to the right until you come to the church. And hurry for the love of God.” She coughed and choked horribly, and Carlo turned away, say- ing only, “I’ll hurry,” as he started down the stairs. It was a fearful night, but he ran on, heed- less of wind and weather. Dodging past all Digitized by 110 THE MIRROR whom he met in the street, in deadly terror that Guiseppi would return and see him, he hurried along as the old woman had said. In the alley he had a narrow escape, for a band of drunken loafers spied him and calling, “Here’s sport — let’s catch the kid and give him a drink I” they set upon Carlo and chased him down the narrow street. Fear lent the boy wings, however, and with an agonized prayer, he flew down the alley, and escaped the revelers, whose stumbling steps were no match for his fleet feet. In his confusion, however, he missed the turn and stumbled on through the darkness without finding the church. At last he realized that he was lost, stopping in a doorway to rest a moment as he sent upward a fervent prayer, “Our Lady, Saint Carlo, pray for me and help me to find a priest.” At that moment the door behind him opened and a kind voice said, in tones which had a ring of good cheer in their depths, “What have we here? A boy or a ghost? You are white enough for the latter, my child; are you ill?” Carlo looked up in amazement at the sud- den answer to his prayer, for it was a priestly Digitized by Google AN ERRAND OF MERCY 111 figure which bent over him and his holy face seemed to poor Carlo like a benediction. “Oh, Father!” he exclaimed, “I was hunt- ing for you! Please come with me. There is a poor woman dying, and she says she will go to the bad place if she may not see you.” “Yes, I shall come,” said the priest. “First I must get the viaticum for the poor soul. Where does she live?” “In the room next to mine,” said Carlo. “But where is your room. Boy?” The Father smiled, but Carlo shook his head. “That I cannot tell you — I have never heard the street. Guiseppi will not let me find out things.” “But why? And who is Guiseppi?” The priest looked at him questioningly. Was the boy simple minded that he spoke so strangely? He did not look idiotic. “There is something queer here,” thought the Father, accustomed to all manner of strange things in the sordid homes of his parishioners, many of them of the lowest strata of society. “Guiseppi is the man who brought me here,” said Carlo. “He does not want me to run away from him, but he need not fear for I Digitized by Google 112 THE MIRROR cannot leave Gigi. But Father, the woman — how can I take you to her if I do not know the place?” “Shall you know the street if you see it?” asked the priest. “Yes,” said Carlo. “It is off from the alley and at the comer is a strange old house which once was very fine, for it has in the wall a hollowed niche as if it was meant to put a holy statue there.” “I know the place. It is Kincaid Street,” said his auditor. “Come to the rectory with me and then I will take you back to your room.” “And we shall hope that I shall reach there before Guiseppi,” said Carlo, “otherwise there will be a fine beating for me. He has told me that he would kill me if ever I went out from the room when he was gone.” “Why, then, did you come to find me,” asked the priest, with a searching look at the boy’s face. Fearless in his attention to his duties, the good priest had many enemies among the Anarchists who thronged the dis- trict, and often his life was in danger. Could this be a trap, he wondered? The boy looked Digitized by Google AN ERRAND OF MERCY 113 so innocent, it was impossible for one to be- lieve that he knew it, if so it was. In any case, he must go to the old woman, trap or no trap, and he hurried on as Carlo answered, “Oh, I had to come — the poor old woman — could I let her die in torment, if I was beaten? And,” with a shrug, “it would not be the first time I had been beaten, and if he killed me — would Purgatory be much worse than Chi- cago, do you think. Father?” “I do not know about that, my boy,” replied the priest, with a sad smile. “Sometimes it seems as if Hell could not be, doesn’t it? Here we are at the rectory. I will hurry, and soon you will be safe back in your room again, we will hope, without Guiseppi know- ing of your absence.” To himself he said, “I must certainly look into this case, for it seems to me this boy is a subject for the Juvenile Court, if half his story is true.” Digitized by Google CHAPTER XI THE TEST I N silence, since the priest was carrying the Blessed Sacrament, Carlo and His Rev- erence made their way back to Kincaid Street, and when they reached the old house with the niche in the wall, the boy said, “I know the way now. Padre. The house is there, by that dark comer. Isn’t it fright- ful here?” with a shudder. “Yes, Lad, but God is here; in the dark ever as well as in the sunlight. Show me where the old woman lies, and slip away to your room. To-morrow I will see you again. If you want me ever, ask for Father Felipo at St. Philip’s Church, on Wells Street,” and with a gesture of blessing above the boy’s head, he entered the old woman’s room. Carlo crept into his room like a mouse. It was still as death. He crawled into his bed and thanked Our Lady that he had returned 114 Digitized by LjOOQle THE TEST 115 before Guiseppi. Ip the rude bed, Gigi snuggled up to him, and the hoy threw his arm round her, and tried to sleep. Tired as he was, however, he was too excited by all he had been through for slumber, and he lay quiet, wondering whether the old woman had died in peace, and saying a prayer for the poor soul’s passing. At last, worn out, he dozed off, to be wakened by the sound of Guiseppi’s voice, as he stumbled into the room. He was swear- ing frightfully, and said to Luigi, who with another man, was with him, “That priest in this building! He meddles everywhere! Curse him and all black gowns! They need a dose of our good ammunition to make them mind their business. How came he here?” “Some boy brought him, they said down- stairs,” said the strange man. “But who is this?” as Guiseppi lighted a sputtering candle, and he caught sight of Carlo, lying on the straw bed. “Oh, my brat,” said Guiseppi, carelessly. “He helps with the organ for his keep.” “Your own boy?” asked the man, looking strangely at Carlo. Digitized by Google , THE MtltROR sh °niy * fo Uxif j,. 0R cc A ^ MtK n eppi * in o^^hin^PPi “ • **>£3 s %^,T e We “«'d no f 7, ^^'^ d '"oitr dedG - C,f’^4,Jz you-oCy Z" he w< ‘'nng^W* you r h l ma "- “Werei “ ert Guj 1 s4oul <i We Vo " * ‘ * 'W » Raised a. **“ ^ »t tel Jower *d V^- to t is s jH at ,j'“ steadily. SSU1 ’ « the m , ; n 0j ^ e f7 .° you mean r< • ® °'Jt, i 8 “ your pocket" v ? 1 t ” ow tller «* t^V h ' «• not « a ^ but a boy of I,;, demanded Digitized by LjOOQle THE TEST 117 waiting for you, to-night, and a boy brought the priest to this house — where was this brat while you were out? Locked in?” asked Gino. “Yes— No — I had no key — He thought the the door was locked and I thought he dared not leave — Were you away from here, you little devil?” Guiseppi grabbed the boy by the shoulder and dragged him into the light. “Saw you the priest — answer you hell-born, or I will kill you with a stroke.” He shook Carlo until he was breathless, and the fright- ened boy could not speak. He gazed pite- ously from one to another of the three men, and Luigi turned away, unable to look at the poor lad’s terror. “You will find nothing out of him that way,” said Gino. “Here, let me manage him,” and he drew the boy away from Guiseppi’s iron grasp. “Now, Kid,” he said, not unkindly. “Tell me straight and you shall not be beaten this time. I promise it. Did you leave the room to-night?” “Yes, sir,” said Carlo, with trembling lips. “Why, and where did you go?” “An old woman dragged herself here and Digitized by 118 THE MIRROR pushed open the door, and begged me to go for the priest, because she was dying, so I went.” How did you know where the priest lived?” I did not, sir, but she told me to go a cer- tain way. Then I lost the way and the priest me the street and came back with me.” How did you know the way back?” asked his questioner, silencing Guiseppi with a ges- t u ^ e > as he started to speak angrily. . told the priest it was by the house with a *wche in the wall — I did not know the name oi t *s street at all, sir,” replied Carlo, “but w« 01 “Tv ^ the queer house at the comer.” Hid the priest say anything about seeing ^°^J*8 a in?” demanded the man. He he said he would come and see me,’ s anunered Carlo, compelled to answer by th< orce of the man’s eyes, which seemed to th< er rified hoy to hold him to the truth witl ^°? le Rightful spell, even if he had wanted t< f ® He. Guiseppi sprang at the boy an< him again, crying out, * °u told him all our plans! Fiend! In 8**ate 1 j km y OU l” and indeed he seeme< Digitized by LjOOQie THE TEST 119 likely to do this, so like a fury did he appear to the horrified boy. “Let him alone, I tell you,” said the other man. “You’ll have the police down on you and the child will be sent to the Juvenile Court, and ten chances to one, deported back where he came from, if you can’t prove that he is yours. He has told the priest none of your plans, for I cannot believe that even you were fool enough to tell our designs to a child like that I Come, Boy, this time I will get Guis- eppi to excuse your disobedience if you will behave in future and do as he says. Will you?” He smiled upon the boy and Carlo looked gratefully at him. “Oh, I will try to do everything he tells me I” he exclaimed, then stopped, for he caught Luigi’s eye fixed on him with a strange expression of warning. He quickly looked away, before Carlo was quite sure of what he had seen, but it set the boy thinking, and he wondered if he dared promise to obey, when some terribly wrong thing might be expected of him. “I always try to be good — ” he faltered. The stranger smiled. Digitized by THE MIRROR %«0 To be good for a boy your age is very fine, but you cannot always know just what is good. To obey older people is always a duty ” virtuously, “and you will always find yourself quite safe to do so. Do you under- stand? There was a menace in his voice which chilled Carlo’s very veins, but he only answered politely, “Yes, sir,” and again he thought he caught that strange warning in Luigi’s eyes. “Enough talk—” Guiseppi’s rough voice interrupted his thoughts. “I shall take good care that he obeys. We shall move on to-night. If that meddling priest comes here again he will find no nursling to coddle. Pick up, Boy, take the monk and come along.” Carlo obeyed in silence, though wondering where he would be taken next, and he heard * e strange man mutter to Guiseppi, “Where are you going? Can you find another safe Place?” To the widow’s,” whispered Guiseppi, but so low but that Carlo’s sharp ears caught e answer. “Annetta will do anything for We’ll hide the brat till this blows over then use him.” Digitized by LjOOQie THE TEST 121 The three men shouldered their few belong- ings and Carlo wrapped Gigi carefully in his tattered coat, and followed them into the night. He could not tell at all which way they went, but as they passed a corner, thought he saw the tall spire of the Italian church against the sky, revealed in a sudden flash of lightning. He tried hard to remember the turnings so that if a chance ever came to escape, he might find his way again to the priest who had been so kind to him, but he soon became confused with the various twistings and turnings, and by the time the party stopped, the boy was so tired he could hardly think of anything. He stumbled up a stairway into a room and threw himself down upon the heap of rags to which Luigi pointed, and was in a trice dead to the world and all its evil and its good. Children are ever hopeful. Sleep seems with these miniature human beings, to put an end to everything, and a new day is almost as the beginning of a new life. Carlo awoke to find daylight streaming into the dingy room, sat up and rubbed his eyes. He had been dreaming of Lavengro and Felippe, and he could scarcely bring himself back to his dif- Digitized by Google 122 THE MIRROR ferent surroundings, so vivid had been the dream. Luigi sat at the window, looking out at the street. Carlo smiled at the man, and jumped up and went to him. “It is a fine day,” he said, in friendly tones. “Where are the others?” “Guiseppi has gone to get some bread for breakfast,” said Luigi. “Why did you make him so angry last night? If it had not been for Gino he would have killed you.” “But you would not have let him,” replied Carlo, sweetly, smiling at the man. “See, Luigi, I did not mean to disobey, but I had to help that poor old woman. You would have done the same thing had you heard her asking so piteously for the priest. I should have heard her all my days, had I not gone. Would not you have run, too?” “Not I — ” Luigi laughed bitterly. “A priest would have no use for me.” “But you might have use for a priest,” Carlo replied. “I am sure you will have great use for one when you come to die. What is that !” as the door flew open and a man staggered in. Digitized by Google THE TEST 123 It was a brawny Italian, red in the face, evi- dently from drinking, and he cried out, “Where is Guiseppi? I will take him with me. I go home, and Carlotta she madl She maka de big talkl She scold. I no standa for dat. I kicka de cat, I slamma de door, I go to de Y. M. C. A. and reada da Men- aced “Get out, Guiseppi is not here,” said Luigi, as he turned the man out of the room. “That is it!” he gave a sigh. “Read the Menace — that is what begins it. There’s a man with a good wife and a good home and a trade, and with him all going well, and he turns to a fiend from reading lies.” “What is the Menace and what do you mean?” asked Carlo, wonderingly, but Luigi only shook his head and said, “It is a wicked paper, full of lies. You could not understand it. Boy. I hope you never will,” and at that moment Guiseppi came in with bread for breakfast. The three ate in silence, Guiseppi scowling but saying nothing and Carlo found himself wondering what would happen next. He was Digitized by 124 THE MIRROR not long left in doubt for when they had fin- ished eating, Guiseppi tinned to Luigi and said, “Did you tell the boy?” “I told him nothing,” said Luigi, with a frown. “It is useless. Tell him yourself. But remember, I will not stand to have harm done him and neither will Gino.” “No one is doing him harm,” snarled Guis- eppi. “No one shall if he does what he is told. But let me tell you one thing, Luigi, you are not in a position to tell me what I shall do, or to say what you will have. A word from me and you go — you know where — and what then becomes of the little Maria? She will become — ” “Not another word — Fiend! Dare not speak her pure name with your foul lips!” screamed Luigi, enraged as Carlo had never seen him, as he sprang at Guiseppi and took him by the throat. Guiseppi shook him off as a terrier shakes a rat and the two men glared at each other, then Guiseppi laughed an evil laugh. “Ah! that pinches 1 Well, there is no need for her to know anything, so long as you and Digitized by Google THE TEST 125 I are friends, but when we are not — well, we shall see! Now, to business.” Turning to Carlo, “It is time you did something to help me to make up for your bad behavior yester- day. I am sure you will be glad to do it, not to please me, but for your friend the priest. I am preparing a surprise for him. They say that he gives away all his money to the poor and has nothing for himself, and when one asked him where his reward came in, he an- swered, ‘All my reward will come to me in Heaven.’ No doubt he is impatient to claim that reward,” he laughed again, and to Carlo there was something almost Satanic in his laughter. “I have a box for him, full of a great reward and you must deliver it to him.” “Is it gold?” asked Carlo. “Not exactly, but it is very precious, and you must not let any one see you carry it or he might take it from you. Also, possibly, they might say you have no right to have it, you, a boy so small, and put you in prison for having it.” “Why, then, do you or Luigi not take it to His Reverence?” demanded Carlo. He could not understand why Guiseppi had suddenly Digitized by 126 THE MIRROR turned in favor of the priest. “He would like to see you.” “Yes, no doubt,” — again that sneering laugh. “But I cannot go to that part of the town to-day, for I have to go to the South Side with my organ. Luigi will show you where the church is. All you have to do is to put the box inside the door. Then rim away quickly, so that nobody can see you, and Luigi will wait and bring you back again.” “What time shall I go?” asked Carlo. “Oh, after awhile. When it begins to be dark,” Guiseppi said. “You need not come out with me this morning. You can stay here and wait for Luigi. Gigi, too, you may keep, and here,” tossing him a paper, “this is good reading. It will teach you much you do not know. There is bread and a sausage for your meal, in case we cannot come back. Remem- ber, you will always get good treatment from me, if you mind what I tell you. Good-by,” and with a careless nod, Guiseppi left the room, taking Luigi with him, and carefully locking the door behind him. “A day to myself,” thought he, “just myself and Gigi, and enough to eat. Things are not Digitized by LjOOQle THE TEST 127 so bad. It is queer that Guiseppi should grow so pleasant all of a sudden. Well, it is not much to take his money box to the church, and I shall be glad for the good Father Felipo to have some money for his poor people, for I know well that he will never spend it upon himself. It is strange that Guiseppi should have turned good so quickly. Some one must be praying for him — I am ashamed that I have not. I feel myself to have been a bad boy that I thought there was nothing good about him! Luigi I should have thought the better of the two, yet he did not speak as though he would want to see a priest, that is certain. Well, Gigi, thou naughty one, come here and make thy tricks. Fie! Lazy one,” as the little monkey refused to get up. “Something thou must do to amuse me through this day. Then we shall eat.” He played with the monkey, then ate a piece of his bread, and said a few decades of his rosary, turning at last to the newspaper which Guiseppi had left for his amusement. Aimlessly he turned over the pages of the Italian paper, not expecting to find much of interest, when suddenly, his eye caught a para- Digitized by Google 128 THE MIRROR graph, and rested there. Over and over he read it, his face growing paler and paler. Then he read it aloud with trembling lips, as if he could not believe his eyes. “On the tenth instant, at Caberosa, Spain, the priest of the parish church, upon getting up earlier than usual to hear the confession of a poor man in trouble, found beside the door of the church a small box, which, suspecting some plot, he carefully opened, to find within an infernal machine, set to go off at the time of the morn- ing Mass. Had it done so it would have de- stroyed the Blessed Sacrament, the priest, with the church and congregation. No traces can be found of any one’s having visited the church that morning, and it is supposed to have been a Socialist plot.” Like a flash it came to Carlo that this was what Guiseppi intended. The box which was “full of a great reward” for Father Felipo was a bomb, and it would be Carlo’s hand which opened Paradise to the priest. “Never, never will I do it!” cried the boy, and breaking down utterly, he buried his face in his hands. Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER XII 6101 TO THE BESCUE C ARLO sat quietly through the long hours of that day. Once or twice he walked up and down the room. He tried the door, he endeavored to reach the window, but it was set high in the wall. There was no chance of escape, no possible way to warn the priest, think as he might he could see no way out of his difficulty. Of one thing only he was sure, that he would not place the box in the church. Whether he would better refuse to go with Luigi, or whether it would be possible to go with him and escape in the street, he could come to no conclusion, but about made up his mind that he would go with Luigi, and try to persuade him not to insist upon the doing of this terrible deed. Night’s shadows fell and all the room seemed to the terrified boy to be peopled with demons. Terrors lurked in every comer of the darksome room, and he 129 Digitized by 130 THE MIRROR could scarcely keep from screaming with fright, feeling that anything would be better than the waiting for — he knew not what. He tried to pray, but it seemed to him that he had forgotten all the prayers he had ever known, and he could only murmur over and over the Holy Names, and mutter to himself, I will not do it I I will not do it!” At last the door opened and he sprang to his feet expecting to see Luigi’s face at the door, but to his dismay it was Guiseppi who entered. . “Hurry up. Boy,” he said quickly. “There ls not a moment to lose. We have a long ways to go.” “Where is Luigi?” asked Carlo. There was an accident — the fool had to get himself hurt — they took him to the hospital!” said Guiseppi. “He’ll be all right in a few dft ys. You can’t kill his kind! Come, leave the monk and come along, or we shall be all night reaching the church.” Carlo hesitated but a moment, then he spoke quickly, and his heart beat so loudly it seemed him that it must drown the sound of his ^ords. Digitized by LjOOQle GIGI TO THE RESCUE 131 “No,” he spoke sharply, and his thin little voice seemed to cut the air like a knife. “I cannot go with you.” “What do you mean?” Guiseppi turned on him in astonishment. “I cannot go to the church unless you tell me what is in that box,” the boy spoke more firmly now, though his face was pale as death. “What is it to you — Brat — have I not told you it was a reward for your priest? You will go or I will kill you.” Guiseppi spoke quietly, ibut Carlo knew well that he spoke the truth. “Listen — ” the boy said quietly. “I read your paper. In it there tells of a box put in a church, which was a very wicked thing. If you will tell me that your box is not meant to kill, gladly will I place it for you.” Guiseppi flew at the boy and shook him until it seemed to Carlo as if never again would he have any breath left. “I have no time to fool with you,” he said, between clenched teeth. “Myself I shall go and place the box — yes — it will kill your padre — and when I come back I shall kill you! Not just one stroke with a dagger — no — that would be too easy for you! I shall think of Digitized by Google THE MIRROR 1S2 a way — be sure of that! And I shall see that you do not get out of here until I bring you news that your priest is blown up to the sky where his fool’s paradise is! You will like to think of that while you are dying, will you not? Fool! to think you could brave Guiseppi Menzi!” He dragged Carlo to a chair and tied him in with a rope, giving him a blow in the face which left a livid mark across his cheek. Then he banged out of the room locking the door, and Carlo was left alone. “It is funny how I must always be locked up,” said Carlo to himself, with an odd little smile. “One would think I am something very precious. But, no — that I am not,” he sighed. “I wonder how he will kill me ! Per- haps he will just leave me to starve. I wish he would do it quickly. It would be like him to starve me until I promised to take the box. I hope God will keep me from that! Oh!” he started suddenly, for something cold touched his hand, then smiled as he saw it was Gigi’s nose. She whined and he tried to pat her, but found himself tied too securely to move. The monkey nosed about his cords, and suddenly Digitized by LjOOQle GIGI TO THE RESCUE 133 a thought struck Carlo and a gleam of hope flitted across his face. “Gigi,” he said, “chew it!” The monkey looked at him. There was at times an almost human intelligence in the little creature’s face and Carlo had made such a pet of her that she seemed to understand nearly everything he said. “Chew it,” he repeated, nodding his head toward the cords which bound his hands. Gigi nibbled at the knot, then looked up to see if this was what was expected of her. “Brava!” Carlo said. “Good girl,” nodding at her and smiling, though his flesh was tor- tured by the cords and he had begun to feel stiff and sore from the cramped position. Gigi nibbled more and more at the knot, her tiny teeth, like sharp needles, pricking into his flesh, but more and more loosening the knot. At last he felt it give a little and found that he could move his hands enough to gradually work them loose. This once done, it was an easy matter to free his feet and he stood up cautiously, to rest his cramped legs. “Now I must get out of here,” he said with determination. “There is no time to lose. Digitized by Google 134 THE MIRROR Yes,” as Gigi licked his hand, “I shall get out and take thee with me. Little One, for it will not be healthy for us when Guiseppi comes hack and finds me untied. But how to get out?” He knit his brows. “What — you want to play, Beastie — this is no time to play — ” laughing to see the monkey take in her mouth the end of the rope which had tied her Carlo, and scamper across the room with it. En- couraged at the sight of her little master’s smile, Gigi climbed up the side of the wall like a cat, the rope in her mouth, perching on the window sill, and dangling the end of the rope tantalizingly before Carlo. An idea struck the boy and he sprang to catch the rope, but Gigi, starting to come down, fearing she had transgressed, Guiseppi often having hit her with the end of a rope, let go of the rope end, which caught on the latch of the window. “Gigi, you are an angel 1” cried poor Carlo, as he sprang to the rope and tested its strength. It was firmly fixed over the lock of the old- fashioned window, and pushing the chair be- neath it, he swung himself up by the rope to the window ledge, looking out. Straight down he looked, about twenty feet, a stiff drop for Digitized by Google 6161 TO THE RESCUE 135 a boy of Carlo’s age. Cautiously opening the window, only a bit at a time, lest its creaking should call somebody’s attention to him, he put out his head and looked up and down the street. All was quiet and still. It was dark enough so that he could only dimly discern the outlines of the building, but he thought he could see a shed roof beneath, and he made up his mind to drop to it and make his escape. But what to do with Gigi? He could never leave her behind, and he paused a second to think, though feeling each instant precious. Then he had an idea. He had still a piece of bread in his pocket and this he pulled out and let the monkey nibble at it. Then he tossed it out of the window and pushed the rope after it, saying: “Get it, Gigi, get it.” Agile as a cat the tiny beast crawled along the window ledge, and down the rope, then dropped to the roof and placidly ate the bread, looking up at Carlo as if to ask, “What next?” “Me next,” said the boy, with a smile, “and I hope I come off as well as you did, my Gigi,” and not giving himself time to think, he let himself down by the rope until he reached the Digitized by Google 186 THE MIRROR end, and his feet hung over the roof. In the black darkness which had settled down it seemed a terrible abyss which yawned before the boy, but he could not climb back — if he did so, worse awaited him above than below — and nerving himself for the effort he let go the rope trying to drop softly on the roof of the shed. Alas! for his endeavors, he rolled as he fell, and unable to regain his balance, fell from the shed roof on to the ground, striking heav- ily, stunned by the fall. When he came to himself, Gigi was licking his face and whining over him in the darkness, and he sat up stupidly, too dazed to know where he was. As he looked round him in the silence, however, remembrance came to him, and he sprang to his feet, only to lean against the wall of the house, faint with pain, his head aching terribly. One arm hung limp and straight and Carlo thought weakly, “I must have broken that — well — thank God it was not my leg, for I can still walk, and walk I must, to try and warn that good Father Felipo, so that Guiseppi’s terrible box Digitized by LjOOQie GIGI TO THE RESCUE 187 will not harm him. Come, Little Friend, you have saved my life. I shall keep you, for I know the good Smiley Monkey Man would never want me to leave you with that wicked man. We shall go together and try to find the priest.” Tucking Gigi under his good arm, with brave lips firmly set, the little boy stole out of the alley. He had no means of telling where he was going, and did not dare to ask his way, until out of the neighborhood, so he hurried along through the darkness, taking the first turn into a lighter street. Another turn brought him to a brightly lighted avenue, lined with shops and strange booths and stalls out upon the pavement, such as one sees in for- eign cities. Carlo heard many languages spoken around him, as women with quaint head-dresses, and kerchiefs crossed over ample breasts, bargained with apparent ferocity for some trifling article, smiling good naturedly when, their bargain driven, they turned away from the owner of the stall, who rubbed his hands and smiled as if he too, was satisfied. It was a good natured crowd and poor little Digitized by Google 188 THE MIRROR lonely Carlo wondered if there was any one among all those people who would be kind to him. A pretty young woman with a baby in her arms and beneath her head-kerchief a face which looked like a Madonna, so full was it of mother-love, smiled at 'the boy as he passed and, emboldened, he paused to ask her his way. “Wells Street — the church?” he said falter- ingly, but she shook her head, answering in some strange tongue he had never heard be- fore. She took him by the sleeve, however, and leading him to the comer, pointed to the next block, and hoping against hope, he turned into a quieter street. Half way down it, his arm pained him so terribly that he leaned against a flight of steps which led up to a plain building, and as he paused, a young lady opened the house door and looked down at him. She had a bright face, and smiled at the boy. “Do you want anything?” she asked pleas- antly. “Wells Street — the church — Father Fe- lipo — ” he faltered. “Alice,” she turned and called to some one Digitized by Google 4 GIGI TO THE RESCUE 189 within, “come here. I think here is one of your Italians in trouble.” “What is it?” Another young lady came quickly to Carlo’s side, asking him gently what he wanted. “I must go on,” said he. “I must find Father Felipo at the big church. Quickly I must find him — please tell me the way?” “But, my child, it is miles and miles thither. He is far from here at the old Italian church on Wells Street. Can’t you tell me what you want? You are too ill to go so far.” “Go I must, if I die,” he insisted. “It is to save the father’s life. I must tell him things I know and quick. Even now it may be too late.” “The child is raving,” said the other girl, but something in the earnestness of Carlo’s face struck the girl called Alice, and she shook her head at her friend. “No,” she said. “He is perfectly all right. Listen, you could never get to the father in hours. It is late. You would lose your way. Come within. This is the House of the Angel Guardian and you will be quite safe here. Come in with me and I will call the priest to Digitized by Google 140 THE MIRROR the telephone, and tell him anything you wish. Shall I do that?” “Can he hear just what you say?” demanded Carlo. “Every word,” she replied. “Tell him to go quickly to the church and see if there is a box there, but to be so careful, for it will kill him. They were to put it at the door so that every one will be killed at the morning Mass,” said Carlo. “And when it is told, I shall go on, for I should feel more sure to see with my two eyes the good priest alive.” Wondering at the child’s wild story. Miss Alice went within the bright room of the Cath- olic Settlement, and called the priest to the phone. “Father,” she said, “there is a boy here, I think Italian. He wants me to tell you that you must go to the church and look for a box, which he seems to think contains an infernal machine intended to blow you up. It is a strange story, but the child is so in earnest that I felt I must tell you. He is hurt in some way, his arm, I think. I will hold him here until I hear from you.” She turned away Digitized by LjOOQle GIGI TO THE RESCUE 141 from the phone and smiled again that bright smile which seemed to poor Carlo’s empty heart like a ray of sunshine. “Now,” she said, “sit still and rest yourself until we hear if the padre has found the box.” Carlo took gratefully the glass of water she gave him, and sat quite still while she went softly about the room, thankful that she did not talk to him. It seemed to the anxious boy an hour, when in reality it was but a few min- utes, before the telephone rang and Miss Alice answered it. “Yes, Father,” he heard her say. “No box there, and you are quite all right. You will? I am glad. I wish you would come right away. Good-by, Father.” Then she turned to Carlo again. “The priest is all right and he cannot find any box. He says to tell you he will have the church watched, and that he is coming right over here to see you. So now I want you to come and lie down, and let me see about your poor arm.” But Carlo did not answer, for at her first words he had fainted dead away. Digitized by Google CHAPTER XIII NEWS FOE CARLO nex ^ ^ ew weeks of Carlo’s life “ le quietest the child had spent months, for he lay in a little white a os Pital, carefully taken care of bj ^-pajrses, not already too inured to sufferir sorry f or the pale little ghost of a c ^*o a Y s ° quiet and patient, and gave I bit of trouble to any one. Miss Alice was taking care of 1 ^ ar °. s s t question was as to the whereal - ~^tl e four-footed friend, and ' ^^at er Felip 0 had heard the boy’s stor; jsaid. The child is a saint, Miss Alice. Wh , een through has been enough to Icil e every spark of goodness in any on tjorn to sanctity. Take care of his me for the poor lad. It is all he has to love.’ •a ^ n °.^ he has to love him, Fat sai the girl, “for I have fallen in love Digitized by Google NEWS FOR CARLO 143 him, and I mean to look after him, as well as the monkey. What can I do for him when he gets well?” “Time enough to think that over before he recovers,” replied the priest. “He is so weak- ened by the privations of the last few months that it will be weeks before he is strong, even if his arm gives him no trouble. I know your generous impulses, my child, but we must not spoil Carlo. He must work for himself, and the best help you can give him will be to help him find work.” “That I shall do and it must not be tramp- ing the streets with an organ, in all weathers, either,” said the girl with determination. “I am sure he is not fit for that.” “It will be a question what he is fit for, until he can speak English, at any rate,” said the priest. “He ought to go to school, for he is bright as he can be. Well, we will hope that something will turn up by the time he is ready for it. I certainly owe him something. Just to think of it. Child, the policeman I set to watch the church, caught Guiseppi just in the act of placing the box. He seized him, and the man struggled and tried to get away, but Digitized by Google 144 THE MIRROR cou ^ n °t, tried to stab the and fell on his own knife. He died hours later, cursing as he had lived. T! contained one of the deadliest of infem chines set to go off just at the time for [But for this brave boy, the church woul Been wrecked. How are things goinj y °« ff 6 at the Settlement?” About as usual, Father. We have o B'o. downs. The Catholic Settlement new, compared to our Non-Catholic rivi -we are so poor, that we really haven’t m do with. You know one of our spiritua gors is trying to get money enough toge that we can live at the Angel Guard the time, instead of merely coming here day time. That hampers us badly, an har to keep running back and forth, ot er night Miss Mclnemy was kept hei near y midnight, and had a terrible tin ing to get home, and the water pipes al from the fire’s going down, and when 1 t at most practical of priests, Father S burg what he thought was our most need here, he answered, ‘A janitor, or su income for one. You are a Settlement Digitized by LjOOQle NEWS FOR CARLO 145 with the settling left out. We must put you on a paying basis.’ ” “He was right, thrifty German that he is,” smiled Father Felipo. “I have an idea! Make Carlo your janitor when he gets well. He will have a home, can go to school and help around the house before and after school hours.” “Delightful, Father!” exclaimed Miss May. “I was sine you would think of something. Carlo’s Angel Guardian must have whispered that into your ears, but I don’t see that you are less thrifty than you call Father Sodder- burg,” roguishly. Father Felipo smiled and bade her good- by, and all was arranged as he had planned, and so it happened that when Carlo was well enough to be moved from the hospital, he was taken to the Settlement House and began a new era of existence. He was very happy. Miss Alice he adored with the warm-hearted- ness of his race, he liked to go to school and did not find learning real English — not the slang English of the streets which had been all he had heard before — as difficult as he had feared. Digitized by 146 THE MIRROR Gigi was well and happy, the pet of the whole Settlement, and Carlo had enough work to do about the house to keep him out of mis- chief. When he found that he was to be trained to sing in the church choir, where pa- tient Father Felipo wrestled with fifty urchins with the patience of Job, and the skill of a mu- sical genius, the boy’s happiness knew no bounds. “If I only knew if Felippe was happy and well, and that terrible cloud about me at Lav- engro was cleared up, I should be the most happy boy in all America,” he said to Father Felipo, and the good priest replied, “Patience, my boy; Rome was not built in a day. Be thankful to Almighty God that you have come through so many trials so well, and without mortal sin upon your soul, for you were sorely tempted. And trust that God will clear things for you in His good time.” Meantime the priest wrote to a brother priest in Lavengro to endeavor to find out about the boy’s sister, and what the charges really were against a boy whom he himself had found sin- gularly free from faults. When the answer came to the letter it con- Digitized by LjOOQle NEWS FOR CARLO 147 tained strange news for Carlo, news both good and bad. “The story of Carlo Monti,” wrote Father Laurentini, “is a strange one and the end is not yet. The night that the boy ran away to es- cape his uncle’s anger, a boy’s footsteps were traced to the cottage where the Montis lived. Some one got in at the window, stole all the money the old man had hoarded up — some fifty lire — and being seen by the old man, who roused himself in the bed and tried to call the nurse, who was dozing in the next room, the intruder stabbed the old man and escaped. “Old Beppo Monti lay at the point of death for weeks. Meantime, it was supposed by every one that Carlo had done the deed, no- body believing him innocent but myself and his little sister. When old Beppo recovered sufficiently to speak, he accused Giorgio Ve- gezzi, a boy of the village about Carlo’s age, of having attacked him, and Giorgio was found and punished. The old man never fully recovered but died some months later, mourn- ing that his nephew had gone away, and re- gretting that he had been harsh to him. No Digitized by 48 the mirror -jrace of Carlo w : fought that hJZ S * G T T found > the ; ^ip and was lost intl ^ to Amt B^ 1S little sister ^ Wreck of th ^^^opted by a pi £ ® r Phaned and , ^^rton, who hada s ^ Jnerican lady, a I h t0 Amerlc^T 161 * ViUahere ’ hea r from th J bWo or th ree t ^; x-xte to me, ch Hd, and she p, ^^-lad to hear th * et y°u know. I ^r 9 T&y give him h ^ the b °y is safe y blessing. y °urs in j. c>> T5tri ** Antonio Laube ^hen J? , , reborn Lavenl. r Feli P° told Carlo of ^tuimed. the boy seemed at fi Feli PPe • ^ reat a pl America— surely it i T j*, 8 . 66 lier a 1 “ay not hope ; f *? e *pl a jl U ? he exc laimed at last sta^^med. But one th j ca thaTr b ^k n y t did Feli PP e "rite on tl •that X ai ^ not ever’? She must hav C C ^ a nd it J ot stab my uncle. X cai she did not write it,” SB Digitized by Google NEWS FOR CARLO 149 Alice, to whom the boy had confided all his troubles. “Oh, yes, it was Felippe’s writing,” said Carlo. “See, here it is. I have worn it in this bag around my neck, with the lire she gave me, ever since I left Lavengro,” and he pulled from his breast a little bag, and taking from it a scrap of paper, handed it to Miss Alice. She looked at the grimy bit of paper and knit her brows. “But Carlo,” she said, “are you sure that this is written by your sister? The writing looks queer to me — it is not alike.” Carlo looked at it, a puzzled frown on his forehead. Then he said, “Miss Alice, part of it is like Felippe’s and part not. I never noticed it before, but the first word does not look like her writing.” “Then it is quite easy to see how it hap- pened,” said Miss Alice with decision. “Your sister has written to you, ‘Come back,’ and some bad person has placed ‘Never’ before it. Who would want you to stay away?” “Only Giorgio.” Carlo looked very grave. Then he said breathlessly. Digitized by 150 THE MIRROR “He might have put it there to keep me from home, so that every one would think I killed my uncle.” “Now Carlo,” said Miss Alice, with her bright smile. “Think no more about this. It does no good to brood over things we cannot help, or to puzzle one’s brains over things we may never know about. Put it out of your head, and when you see your little sister again, as you are sure to do some time, for God is so good, ask her what she wrote on the paper, and you will see that I am right and that she merely wrote for you to come home. In the meantime, pray a great deal, that the Angel Guardian will take care of her and that the good God will bring you two together again. Just now it is far more important that you should learn to sing your solo perfectly for the Christmas Mass, than that you should worry over something that is passed and done.” “And just this minute it is most important that I make the fire in your furnace bum, or the dearest young lady will be cold,” cried Carlo, as he sprang to his feet, and went about his tasks. Digitized by LjOOQle CHAPTER XIV his heart’s desire T HROUGHOUT the cold days of De- cember, when the bitter lake winds howled through the city and seemed to Carlo to freeze the marrow of his bones, he was busy as he had never been in his life before. He had to go to school during the day, to attend to the work about the Settlement House, and to practice with all his might for the Christmas Mass, at which if all went well, he was to sing a solo. His voice had improved and strength- ened, and in its rare purity of tone and power of expression his singing surpassed anything Father Felipo had in his boy choir, the ad- miration of all the music-lovers in the city. Carlo studied all his lessons and did his work with zest, knowing that in that way he could please those who were so kind to him, and re- pay them a little for all they did, but it was his music to which he gave his heart’s devotion. 151 Digitized by 152 THE MIRROR He loved it with a perfect passion and was never too tired to practice, devoting hours to the difficult exercises which Father Felipo set for him . His improvement was marvelous, and it seemed to Miss Alice at times, as if there sang within the narrow confines of the Angel Guardian House, one of those seraphic beings for whom the charity settlement was named. “A lady said to me that we must be training a great tenor for grand opera, some day,” she said to Carlo, with a smile, one day, but the boy shook his head. “No, no. Miss Alice,” he answered. “I could never sing the opera. Of course I could never sing well enough, but if I did, it would not be on the stage I should like to sing.” “Where would you sing. Carlo?” she asked, curiously. He flushed but answered quietly, “The honor could not be for me, dear Lady, but if I ever sang well, it would be in the Holy Father’s choir at Rome that I should want to sing. Ever since I was the smallest of boys at Lavengro, I have wanted that. It would be like singing in the Heavenly choirs.” “Nobody knows, Carlo, what may happen,” Digitized by Google HIS HEART’S DESIRE 163 said Miss Alice. “It is a long way to the Land of Heart’s Desire, for every one of us, but sometimes we find the way, if we are pa- tient and wait. Now I have an errand for you and one I know you will like to do. Father Felipo was telling the sisters at the hospital about you the other day, as they were inter- ested to find out how their ex-patient was get- ting along and they want you to come up Christmas Eve and sing when they have the Christmas tree for the patients. You will like that I am sure, won’t you? So you must go to-day and tell them that you will sing for them and take this note to Mother St. George for me.” “Certainly I shall like to go,” said Carlo. “Miss Alice, may I take Gigi? The little lame boy there wanted to see her so much, because I told him so many cunning things that she does.” “Surely, take her by all means,” said Miss Alice. “I am sure it would be interesting to the patients in the children’s ward to see her antics.” Carlo started off with the little monkey un- der his arm, her tiny head, with its funny. Digitized by 154 THE MIRROR wizened face peering out from the front of his warm coat, and looking with almost human in- telligence at the crowds passing in the streets, already filled with holiday shoppers. Snow was falling in great flakes, and yet, to his surprise, as he turned into a street near by the hospital, he heard the sound of a hand organ grinding out a tune in wheezy fash- ion. “This is a strange time of year for an organ man to be out,” he thought. “He won’t have much organ left if he keeps it up. There is ‘Santa Lucia,’ I knew he’d play that. Those old organs always do. Miss Alice was saying the other day that she could generally tell how old an organ was from the tunes it played, but that they all play Santa Lucia. I believe I could sing it backwards,” and he sang a line or two of the pretty Neapolitan air. As his voice smote the air in its clear cadences, the man playing the organ turned so suddenly as to stop his music for a moment, and he looked at Carlo with a strange expression. Go on!” cried the crowd of children gath- ered round. “Hi Pete— don’t stop!” Thus adjured he went on playing, still looking at Digitized by Google HIS HEART’S DESIRE 155 Carlo with the astonished gaze of one who looks upon the dead, and as he heard the chil- dren’s call, Carlo stopped singing and looked at the monkey man. Gigi at that instant, with a queer little cry, wriggled out of Carlo’s coat and running to the organ man, sprang upon his shoulder and nosed his face, with every ex- pression of delight. Over her head the man looked straight at Carlo, and across the boy’s face there flashed a sudden look of remem- brance. “Hi Pete!” he exclaimed. “The Smiley Monkey Man! Where did you come from?” “Out of the sea — but you — it is more neces- sary to ask how came you here and Gigi?” said Barguilio, casting a keen glance at the boy. “Oh, that I can easily tell you,” said Carlo. “Come with me, will you not, and let us talk.” Gigi looked from one of her friends to the other, as if undecided to which to cling, but finally, with a last kiss on the man’s cheek, she sprang to Carlo’s shoulder and snuggled down into his coat. “Ah, Gigi! Thou fickle one!” said the or- gan grinder. “Any one would know thou Digitized by LjOOQie 156 THE MIRROR wert a woman!” as he put up his organ and prepared to go with Carlo. “But no,” Carlo smiled. “She knows you have the organ. She does but do as was our custom when we were together. Come, walk with me, while I do my errand. Then tell me all your story. How were you saved from the wreck? Where have you lived? Why did I not see you before? Tell me every- thing.” “All in time,” said Pietro, “but tell me of yourself. For me there is little to tell. I es- caped in one of the life-boats, we were picked up by a steamer and carried to Boston. Thence I made my way to New York, supposing that you had been drowned, since I heard nothing of you. At the house of my friend, I found they had no news of you, and so I went on my trip. Luck being bad, my good organ having been drowned, I have only this old one and nobody cares to hear it. So I must try to play even in the snow, for to-day I was even hungry. But what do you do. Boy? You look well and happier than when I found you beside the roadside.” “I have good friends,” said Carlo. And he Digitized by Google HIS HEART’S DESIRE 187 told Pietro of all that had happened to him since they were together on the ship. “But the man who took you from New York was no brother of mine,” said Pietro. “He was a bad fellow whom my friend knew, and he wanted a boy to help with his wickedness, so took you away before my friend could come for you. He got the message intended for Toni, so that Toni knew nothing of you. Well, he is paid for his wickedness now, I sup- pose. He was an anarchist of the worst kind.” “Father Felipo says they are their own worst enemies,” said Carlo. “Here we are at the hospital. Come in and wait for me. When I am through I want to take you back with me to see Miss Alice and the House of the Angel Guardian. I am sure she can find you something to do better than trying to play the organ in winter time.” Pietro sat down to wait in the hall while Carlo took his note to the office for the Sister Superior. He sat quietly until one of the sis- ters came along the corridor with a man. “It is good that you are well,” she was say- ing. “We thought that you could never get well again, you were so badly hurt and in Digitized by 158 THE MIRROR such a terrible fever. You must thank God for His goodness.” “I thank you for your care. Sister,” said the man, “and — ” but he got no further for Gigi sprang out of Pietro’s arms and on to the stranger’s shoulder, nearly overturning him with his sudden onslaught. The Sister jumped back, and Pietro sprang forward, but to his astonishment the man patted the monkey with affection, asking eagerly, “Sister, where did the monkey come from, please ? It belongs to the boy, I mean, to some one I love and want to find.” “Is it yours?” asked the sister of Pietro, but he smiled and shook his head. “Once she was mine, Sister,” he answered, “but I think now she belongs to a boy I know. He has cared for her so well and so long, I think he must have her.” Is it Carlo?” asked the man quickly. ‘ Where is he?” but as he spoke, the quick tip of footsteps was heard down the hall, and a boy’s bright voice said, “Please, Sister, may I take the monkey to the children’s ward? The little lame boy does so want to see him.” Digitized by LjOOQle HIS HEART’S DESIRE 159 “Carlo,” said the strange man, looking eagerly at the boy, who turned in surprise. “It is Luigi!” he cried delightedly. “What a wonderful day! Two of my lost friends found in the one day! Oh, Luigi! This is my Smiley Monkey Man I told you about. How did you find me, Luigi? Gigi found Pietro in the street.” “It was through Gigi that I found you,” re- plied Luigi, “for in another minute I should have been out in the street and had no idea how to find you out. I feared Guiseppi would kill you. What did he do?” “Poor Guiseppi!” said Carlo. “Never mind what he did — he is dead, Luigi,” and the boy’s bright face clouded. “But you must come with me, Luigi, and never, never go back to any of those terrible ways any more. I know you will like it better where I am,” and he coaxingly put his arm through Luigi’s. “But no.” Luigi’s tone was bitter. “Since you have found friends, you no longer need bad Luigi. I will go far away from you lest I do you harm.” “But you are not a bad Luigi, but a very good one and my own friend,” cried Carlo, ear- Digitized by LjOOQle 160 the mirror ncstly. See, Sister, Pietro, — Luigi is got :He was always kind to me. That he had .'T j P e °ple need not make him bi traced it . Ask him to come with me,” earnest I think you must go with the boy,” si Sister Bethlehem, gently. “All the time -was ere he used to grieve for Luigi, 1 cause e so feared some dreaful thing wot appen to you. You must go with him a m ®ke you good — the angel boy — ” s added under her breath. f fi* ? ^ bree Wen t away together, nay, four I /j 1 ? 1 i^ aS them, Gigi almost human Sth K 8 ^* ° f . her f >i‘hful little heart to one ^ friends again. She jumped frc cold 6 ot ^ er » unt il finally nipped with t and «l f. her place in Carlo’s co the era™ W ^ e eft eh told his story, filling i of eLb S ^! ich absence had left in the li\ and told of T c! n i AliCC had to be f0UI and fed +b o . ° 8 happiness, and she warm and Lui ^^nley Monkey Man, sending hi cent, n . ear b y l°dgings, cheap and c morning if n ^ b ^’ telling them to come ne Felirjo « ^ ben sbe would try and have Fath d Work for them to do. Digitized by Google HIS HEART’S DESIRE 161 “Isn’t it wonderful, dear Miss Alice 1” said Carlo. “How good everybody is to me, most of all the good God! Here I am so happy with you and now I have again these two friends who were so kind to me. “Luigi says that he and Guiseppi quar- reled because Guiseppi was determined to send me on that dreadful errand. At first Luigi was afraid to refuse Guiseppi because once, a long time ago, in Italy, Luigi did a wrong thing which Guiseppi knew about, and he threatened to tell of it, and get Luigi locked up. This would break the heart of Luigi’s wife, for whom he has been working and saving to try to bring her to America. So at first he gave in to Guiseppi, but then he would not, and Guiseppi stabbed him in anger, and locked him in a room where no one came. And Luigi shouted and could make no one hear, and at last he bled so that he could shout no more. But a policeman passing, saw the blood run out from beneath the door, and he entered and found the poor soul with still a faint heart- beat, so he took him to the hospital. And here he has been ever since. Surely, his wrong will be forgiven, and God will be kind to him, be- Digitized by THE MIRROR 168 cause he was so good to me, and nearly died to save me from evil.” “God is good to all of us, dear boy,” said Miss Alice, “though we do not always think so. We shall try and help your friends. And now, you are such a tired boy, you must sleep, for Father Felipo impressed upon me that you are not to be allowed to take cold or get over- tired, because to do either one is bad for voices.” “If I could only hear something about Felippe!” sighed Carlo, wistfully, and Miss Alice answered kindly, “Patience!” Christmas morning dawned cold, clear and beautiful, and Carlo made his C ommuni on with a happy heart. The Smiley Monkey Man and Luigi were with him at the rail, for the latter had been to confession to Father Felipo and made his peace with God, coming to the great feast with a tranquil heart. “It is all due to you, you blessed boy,” said Miss Alice, as she gave Carlo an ecstatic hug, which embarrassed him more than anything which had ever happened to him. “Luigi has Digitized by LjOOQie HIS HEART’S DESIRE 163 a place to work as porter in a big fruit store on South Water Street. The good priest has gotten it for him and now he can send for the little Maria, his wife, and he is the happiest man I ever saw. Your monkey man is to be janitor of the church, for the old janitor is going back to Ireland for a six months’ visit, and when he returns, it will be organ time and Pietro will have saved up enough money to buy a really superior organ, none of your back numbers which plays ‘Annie Rooney,’ or ‘Sweet Marie,’ or even ‘Jim O’Shea,’ or the ‘Merry Widow.’ No — it shall play the ‘Toreador’s Song,’ and ‘Rigoletto’ and ‘Tampa Bay,’ and whatever is really new in rag time. And it will all be your doing, Carlino, see?” “No, My Lady, I cannot see that at all,” said Carlo wonderingly. “I do not get people places. It is all you and the Father. I am nothing at all, only a boy who will be late for the Mass and have the most terrible of scold- ings, if I do not hurry up,” and he ran quickly away to the choir, where he was to sing his first solo in the great church. It was packed to overflowing, not a seat empty, for the Boy Choir was a famous one in two Continents, and Digitized by Google 164 THE MIRROR it had been rumored about that there was to be music more than specially good, with a new boy soprano of rare beauty. Carlo’s heart beat as he looked over the sea of faces, but he tried to compose himself and feel that he must sing his best for the sake of the good priest who had been so kind to him. He prayed hard for all his friends, for the soul of poor, wicked Guiseppi, for the little sister whom he so dearly loved, begging Our Lady to intercede Above that Felippe might one day be brought back to him, and saying another fervent prayer to St. Philip Neri, Felippe’s own saint, that the little girl might be kept from harm. Then it was time for his solo and he rose to sing, his fear all gone, feel- ing only the sweet solemnity of the occasion. It was a beautiful and simple carol the boy had been taught to sing, a melody of haunting sweetness, and his voice rang out high and clear, in its perfect cadences seeming like the song of a celestial spirit, soaring heavenward. Spell-bound, the worshipers listened to the first pure notes, which strengthened as he sang on, when suddenly there seemed a wavering in the clear, bell-like tones, the boy seemed almost Digitized by Google mS HEART’S DESIRE 165 to stop, his eyes fixed upon one spot in the audience, then quickly he looked away, recov- ered himself, and went on singing, this time with a sort of triumph in his tones. The carol ended with one long, high note, difficult to reach and hold, but Carlo took it easily, sustain- ing it with no apparent effort, with such sweet- ness and purity of tone, and such an exultant swelling of sound, that it seemed to the listeners, as if their very souls were caught and wafted heavenward on the wings of the boy’s devotion. Had Carlo been singing to a worldly audience, there would have been a storm of applause as he sat down, but in the solemn stillness of the church he sat down in a pause of breathless silence, and then the sacred ceremony went quietly on, while the boy stole swiftly from the choir into the sacristy. There he found Miss Alice, who among her many roles held the most difficult one of keeping the choir boys in order behind the scenes, Father Felipo calling her the Choir’s Angel Guardian, and she stopped him, as he tore off his surplice and cassock. “Why, Carlo, what is the matter? Are you ill?” she asked. Digitized by LjOOQie 166 THE MIRROR “Let me go!” he cried in great excitement. “It is she, the little sister!” “Whatever is the matter with the boy!” ex- claimed Miss Alice, who had never seen him so beside himself. “I tell you it is Felippe,” he cried. “She is there in the church. I saw her quite plainly with my two eyes. I must go before she gets out.” “But if she is there, surely she saw you, too!” Miss Alice began, but had no time for more, for the sacristy door opened and a lady and little girl entered. “Pardon me,” said the lady, “but this child insists — ” she got no further for the little girl was in Carlo’s arms, laughing and sobbing in the same breath. I knew San Felipe would find you some- time! ’ she said between her sobs, “but he did seem dreadfully slow about it! Oh, Carlino, dear, dear Brother, what a happy, happy, happy Christmas!” The House of the Angel Guardian has now no need to beg for money for its Settlement work. It jj as a com fortable house built for it Digitized by LjOOQle HIS HEART’S DESIRE 167 and an endowment which makes it self-sup- porting, “quite like a rich Protestant charity, and not one of the ‘Church of the Poor,’ ” Miss Alice said, with a happy laugh. Miss Edger- ton gave of her plenty to the simple charity which appealed to her, because it was “a Settle- ment settled with common sense,” as she said in her brusque way, not quite so brusque since her admission to the Church, converted, she said, by Felippe’s pearl rosary. Whenever she and her adopted daughter are in Chicago, they visit the Settlement, and Felippe, grown to charming girlhood, chatters happily with Miss Alice about many things, but most of all about the wonderful brother far away in beautiful Italy. From him she brings greetings to Miss Alice and Pietro and Gigi, cunning as ever, and to Luigi, happy with his wife, the little Maria, in the City by the great Lake. Greetings she brings and blessings too, for Carlo has learned much beside his beloved music in the Eternal City. He has kept his dream promise to “sing only to raise men’s souls to Heaven,” and, a priest of God, when- e’er he sings his Christmas Mass, every pure Digitized by LjOOQie 168 THE MIRROR note is a prayer, every holy aspiration a bless- ing for those dear ones far away who helped him reach the land of his heart’s desire. Chicago , October First . Nineteen-fourteen. THE END Digitized by LjOOQle Digitized by Digitized by rM- 4°°g |e 