 in Night Mail. 54 Hoop Dreams. ß Kartemquin Films 1994 34 Museum of Modern Art Film Stills 11 Bodyguards of Salvador Allende, in Chile, Obstinate memory. 103 First Run/Icarus Films Archive 5 Camera lens in Man with a Movie Camera. 43 ß Photofest 12 Amazonian Indians in The Smell of the Pequi Fruit. 115 Video in the Villages 6 Seller of Bibles in Salesman. ß Photofest 7 African American basketball player in 48 13 Al Gore presents An Inconvenient Truth. 123 ß 2006 by Paramount Classics, a division of Paramount Pictures Introduction This introduction to documentary ﬁlm is directed to people who like watching documentaries and want to know more about the form; to people who hope to make documentaries and want to know the ﬁeld and its expectations; and to students and teachers who hope to learn more and tell others what they have learned. Documentary Film is organized to present an overview of central issues and then to discuss different subgenres. I particularly wanted to use categories that could address concerns about objectivity, advocacy, and bias that have always swirled around documentary but with renewed vigor since the breakthrough popularity of Fahrenheit 9/11. One could easily select or add other categories, such as music, sports, labor, diary, and food; I selected the ones used in this book because they are common categories in the documentary marketplace, and because they raise important issues about truth and representing reality. This thematic organization allows you to enter the subject matter easily through the kind of ﬁlm that ﬁrst attracted you to it, and it allows me to make connections between historical eras and to demonstrate the ongoing nature of core controversies in documentary. Those who prefer a more straightforward chronology may note that each of the subgenre chapters is organized chronologically (with the exception of the propaganda chapter, which focuses largely on World War II). So after reading the ﬁrst four chapters, which establish the core issues and early documentary history, one can read the ﬁrst sections of the various subgenre chapters and then return to the next section of each of the chapters. Documentary Film Since the material is drawn not only from scholarship but from my fourdecade experience as a ﬁlm critic, it reﬂects my interests and limitations. Most of the scholarship I refer to is written in English, and I have a bias toward longform documentary and the work of independent ﬁlmmakers. I was originally attracted to documentary by the promise that has drawn so many makers to the formone that the noted editor and critic Dai Vaughan, in an essay concerned with the threat to documentary by digital manipulation, described as the ''gut feeling that if people were allowed to see freely they would see truly, perceiving their world as open to scrutiny and evaluation, as being malleable in the way ﬁlm is malleable.'' I have found the work of ﬁlmmakers such as Les Blank, Henry Hampton, Pirjo Honkasalo, Barbara Kopple, Kim Longinotto, Marcel Ophuls, Gordon Quinn, and Agnès Varda to be inspiring. I am grateful to Elda Rotor of the Oxford University Press for approaching me with the idea of writing this book, and to Cybele Tom for shouldering the editing upon her departure, and to my copy editor, Mary Sutherland. Many colleagues in communication, literature, ﬁlm, and ﬁlm studies programs generously provided insights that I attempt to share here. I greatly appreciate the support of American University's library staff, especially Chris Lewis. I am indebted to Ron Sutton, my mentor at American University; to Dean Larry Kirkman at the American University School of Communication, who also did me the inestimable honor of introducing me to Erik Barnouw; and to New York University's Barbara Abrash, who opened many doors to insight and opportunity. Projects with the Council on Foundations (especially x with Evelyn Gibson) and the Ford Foundation (especially with Orlando Bagwell) deepened my knowledge of the ﬁeld. I am grateful as well to Gordon Quinn, Nina Seavey, Stephan Schwartzman, George Stoney, and anonymous reviewers for comments in production. Introduction xi This page intentionally left blank Chapter 1 Deﬁning the Documentary Naming Documentary ﬁlm begins in the last years of the nineteenth century with the ﬁrst ﬁlms ever projected, and it has many faces. It can be a trip to exotic lands and lifestyles, as was Nanook of the North (1922). It can be a visual poem, such as Joris Ivens's Rain (1929)a story about a rainy day, set to a piece of classical music, in which the storm echoes the structure of the music. It can be an artful piece of propaganda. Soviet ﬁlmmaker Dziga Vertov, who ardently proclaimed that ﬁction cinema was poisonous and dying and that documentary was the future, made Man with a Movie Camera (1929) as propaganda both for a political regime and for a ﬁlm style. What is a documentary? One easy and traditional answer is: not a movie. Or at least not a movie like Star Wars is a movie. Except when it is a theatrical movie, like Fahrenheit 9/11 (2004), which broke all boxofﬁce records for a documentary. Another easy and common answer could be: a movie that isn't fun, a serious movie, something that tries to teach you somethingexcept when it's something like Stacy Peralta's Riding Giants (2004), which gives you a thrill ride on the history of surﬁng. Many documentaries are cannily designed with the express goal of entertainment. Indeed, most documentary ﬁlmmakers consider themselves storytellers, not journalists. 1 A simple answer might be: a movie about real life. And that is precisely the problem; documentaries are about real life; they are not real life. They are not even windows onto real life. They are portraits of real life, using real life as their raw material, constructed by artists and technicians who make myriad decisions about what story to tell to whom, and for what purpose. Documentary Film You might then say: a movie that does its best to represent real life and that doesn't manipulate it. And yet, there is no way to make a ﬁlm without manipulating the information. Selection of topic, editing, mixing sound are all manipulations. Broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow once said, ''Anyone who believes that every individual ﬁlm must represent a ' balanced' picture knows nothing about either balance or pictures.'' The problem of deciding how much to manipulate is as old as the form. Nanook of the North is considered one of the ﬁrst great documentaries, but its subjects, the Inuit, assumed roles at ﬁlmmaker Robert Flaherty's direction, much like actors in a ﬁction ﬁlm. Flaherty asked them to do things they no longer did, such as hunt for walrus with a spear, and he showed them as ignorant about things they understood. In the ﬁlm, ''Nanook''not his real namebites a gramophone record in cheerful puzzlement, but in fact the man was quite savvy about modern equipment and even helped Flaherty disassemble and reassemble his camera equipment regularly. At the same time, Flaherty built his story from his own experience of years living with the Inuit, who happily participated in his project and gave him plenty of ideas for the plot. A documentary ﬁlm tells a story about real life, with claims to truthfulness. How to do that honestly, in good faith, is a neverending discussion, with many answers. Documentary is deﬁned and redeﬁned over the course of time, both by makers and by viewers. Viewers certainly shape the meaning of any documentary, by combining our own knowledge of and interest in the world with how the ﬁlmmaker shows it to us. Audience expectations are also 2 built on prior experience; viewers expect not to be tricked and lied to. We expect to be told things about the real world, things that are true. We do not demand that these things be portrayed objectively, and they do not have to be the complete truth. The ﬁlmmaker may employ poetic license from time to time and refer to reality symbolically (an image of the Colosseum representing, say, a European vacation). But we do expect that a documentary will be a fair and honest representation of somebody's experience of reality. This is the contract with the viewer that teacher Michael Rabiger meant in his classic text: ''There are no rules in this young art form, only decisions about where to draw the line and how to remain consistent to the contract you will set up with your audience.'' The term ''documentary'' emerged awkwardly out of early practice. When entrepreneurs in the late nineteenth century ﬁrst began to record moving pictures of reallife events, some called what they were making ''documentaries.'' The term did not stabilize for decades, however. Other people called their ﬁlms ''educationals, '' ''actualities, '' ''interest ﬁlms, '' or perhaps referred to their subject matter''travel ﬁlms, '' for example. John Grierson, a Scot, decided to use this new form in the service of the British government and coined the term ''documentary'' by applying it to the work of the great American ﬁlmmaker Robert Flaherty's Moana (1926), which chronicled daily life on a South Seas island. He deﬁned documentary as the ''artistic representation of actuality''a deﬁnition that has proven durable probably because it is so very ﬂexible. Marketing pressures affect what is deﬁned as a documentary. When the philosopherﬁlmmaker Errol Morris's The Thin Blue Line (1988) was released in theaters, public relations professionals downplayed the term ''documentary'' in the interest of ticket sales. The ﬁlm is a sophisticated detective storydid Randall Adams 3 Deﬁning the Documentary Terms commit the crime for which he is sentenced to die in Texas? The ﬁlm shows the dubious quality of key witnesses' testimony. When the case was reopened and the ﬁlm entered as evidence, the ﬁlm's status suddenly became important, and Morris now had to assert that it was, indeed, a documentary. Documentary Film Conversely, Michael Moore's ﬁrst feature, Roger and Me (1989), a savage indictment of General Motors for precipitating the decline of the steel town of Flint, Michigan, and a masterpiece of black humor, was originally called a documentary. But when journalist Harlan Jacobson showed that Moore had misrepresented the sequence of events, Moore distanced himself from the word ''documentary.'' He argued that this was not a documentary but a movie, an entertainment whose deviations from strict sequencing were incidental to the theme. In the 1990s, documentaries began to be big business worldwide, and by 2004 the worldwide business in television documentary alone added up to $4.5 billion revenues annually. Reality TV and ''docusoaps''reallife miniseries set in potentially highdrama situations such as driving schools, restaurants, hospitals, and airportsalso burgeoned. Theatrical revenues multiplied at the beginning of the twentyﬁrst century. DVD sales, videoondemand, and rentals of documentaries became big business. Soon documentaries were being made for cell phones, and collaborative documentaries were being produced online. Marketers who had discreetly hidden the fact that their ﬁlms were documentaries were now proudly calling such works ''docs.'' Why it matters Naming matters. Names come with expectations; if that were not true, then marketers would not use them as marketing tools. The truthfulness, accuracy, and trustworthiness of documentaries are important to us all because we value them precisely and uniquely for these qualities. When documentarians deceive us, they are not just deceiving viewers but members of the public who might act 4 upon knowledge gleaned from the ﬁlm. Documentaries are part of the media that help us understand not only our world but our role in it, that shape us as public actors. As communications scholar James Carey noted, ''Reality is a scarce resource.'' Reality is not what is out there but what we know, understand, and share with each other of what is out there. Media affect the most expensive real estate of all, that which is inside your head. Documentary is an important realityshaping communication, because of its claims to truth. Documentaries are always grounded in real life, and make a claim to tell us something worth knowing about it. True, consumer entertainment is an important aspect of the business of ﬁlmmaking, even in documentary. Most documentary ﬁlmmakers sell their work, either to viewers or to intermediaries such as broadcasters and distributors. They are constrained by their business models. Even though documentary costs much less than ﬁction ﬁlm to make, it is still much more expensive to produce than, say, a brochure or a pamphlet. Television and theatrical documentaries usually require investors or institutions such as broadcasters to back them. And as documentaries become ever more popular, more of them are being produced to delight 5 Deﬁning the Documentary The importance of documentaries is thus linked to a notion of the public as a social phenomenon. The philosopher John Dewey argued persuasively that the publicthe body so crucial to the health of a democratic societyis not just individuals added up. A public is a group of people who can act together for the public good and so can hold to account the entrenched power of business and government. It is an informal body that can come together in crisis if need be. There are as many publics as there are occasions and issues to call them forth. We can all be members of any particular public, if we have a way to communicate with each other about the shared problems we face. Communication, therefore, is the soul of the public. Documentary Film audiences without challenging assumptions. They attract and distract with the bestworking tools, including sensationalism, sex, and violence. Theatrical wildlife ﬁlms such as March of the Penguins (2005) are classic examples of consumer entertainment that use all of these techniques to charm and alarm viewers, even though the sensationalism, sex, and violence occur among animals. Paid persuaders also exploit the reality claims of the genre, often as operatives of government and business. This may produce devastating social results, as did Nazi propaganda such as the viciously antiSemitic The Eternal Jew (1937). Such work may also provoke important positive change. When the Roosevelt administration wanted to sell Americans on expensive new government programs, it commissioned some of the most remarkable visual poems made in the era, those by Pare Lorentz and a talented team. Works such as The Plow that Broke the Plains (1936) and The River (1938) helped to invest taxpayers in programs that promoted economic stability and growth. In its short history, however, documentary has often been made by individuals on the edges of mainstream media, working with a public service media organization such as public broadcasting, with commercial broadcasters eager for awards, with nonproﬁt entities, or with private foundation or public education funds. On the margins of mainstream media, slightly offkilter from statusquo understandings of reality, many documentarians have struggled to speak truthfully aboutand topower. They have often seen themselves as public actors, speaking not only to audiences but to other members of a public that needs to know in order to act. Some recent examples demonstrate the range of such activity. Brave New Films's WalMart: The High Cost of Low Price (2005) is an impassioned, didactic argument indicting the large retail superstore for such practices as inadequate medical plans for employees and the willful destruction of small businesses. It does 6 not strive for balance in representing WalMart's point of view; it does strive for accuracy in representing the problem. The ﬁlm was made for action; it was used to organize legislative pushback and social resistance to the company's most exploitative practices. WalMart aggressively countered the ﬁlm with attack ads, and the ﬁlmmakers countercharged WalMart with inaccuracy. Bloggers and even mainstream media picked up the discussion. Brave New Films positioned itself as a voice of the public, ﬁlling a perceived gap in the coverage that mainstream media provided on the problem. Viewers of the ﬁlm, most of whom saw it through DVDbymail purchases and as a result of an email campaign, viewed it not as entertainment but as an entertaininglyproduced argument about an important public issue. Other recent documentaries for public knowledge and action use techniques designed to attract interest across lines of belief. Eugene Jarecki's Why We Fight (2005) showcases an argument about the collusion between politicians, big business, and the military to spend the public's money and lives for wars that do not need to be fought. Jarecki deliberately chose Republican subjects, who could transcend partisan politics and speak to the public interest. In Davis Guggenheim's An Inconvenient Truth (2006), Al Gore and Davis 7 Deﬁning the Documentary Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11, a sardonic, antiIraq war ﬁlm, addressed the American public directly, as people whose government was acting in the public's name. Rightwing commentators in commercial media attempted to discredit the ﬁlm by charging that it was indeed propaganda. But Moore is not a minion of the powerful as propagandists are. He was putting forward, as he had every right to, his own view about a shared reality, frankly acknowledging his perspective. Further, he was encouraging viewers to look critically at their government's words and actions. (Potentially weakening this encouragement, however, was his calculated performance of workingclass rage, which can lead viewers to see themselves not as social actors but merely as disempowered victims of the powerful.) Documentary Film Guggenheim, in an easytounderstand presentation, let scientiﬁc data speak to the urgency of the issue. The director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies, Jim Hansen, noted the public value of the work: ''Al Gore may have done for global warming what Silent Spring did for pesticides. He will be attacked, but the public will have the information needed to distinguish our longterm wellbeing from shortterm special interests.'' Styles can be dramatically different, in order to accomplish the end of public engagement. Judith Helfand and Dan Gold's Blue Vinyl (2002) employs the personal diary format to personalize a problem. The ﬁlm follows Helfand as she takes a piece of her parents' home's vinyl siding and discovers the cancercausing toxicity of vinyl at the beginning and end of its life cycle (it creates dioxin). Helfand becomes a representative of the publicpeople who need inexpensive siding and also suffer the health consequences of using it. Brazilian José Padilha's Bus 174 (2002), 1. Blue Vinyl used personal essay to explore social issues; Judith Helfanda piece of her suburban home's vinyl siding in hand explores toxic effects of vinyl production. Directed by Daniel B. Gold and Judith Helfand, 2002. 8 Whether a ﬁlmmaker intends to address the public or not, documentaries may be used in unexpected ways. One of the most infamous propaganda ﬁlms of all time, Triumph of the Will (1935), has had a long life in other, antiNazi propaganda and in historical ﬁlms. Israeli Yo'av Shamir's Checkpoint (2003), a scrupulously observed, nonnarrated record of the behavior of Israeli troops at Palestinian checkpoints, was intended and was used as a provocation to public discussion of human rights violations. The Israeli Army embraced it as a training ﬁlm. Our shared understanding of what a documentary isbuilt up from our own viewing experienceshifts over time, with business and marketing pressures, technological and formal innovations, and with vigorous debate. The genre of documentary always has two crucial elements that are in tension: representation, and 9 Deﬁning the Documentary in retelling a sensational news event in Rio de Janeirothe hijacking of a bus, a severalhour standoff, and ultimate death of both hijacker and a bus rider, telecast livebrings viewers both into the life of the hijacker and the challenges of the police. By contrasting television footage that had glued viewers to their sets for an entire day along with investigations into the stories leading up to the event, the ﬁlm reframes the ''news'' as an example of how endemic and terrible social problems are turned into spectacle. Three Rooms of Melancholia (2005), an epic meditation by Finnish ﬁlmmaker Pirjo Honkasalo, draws viewers into the Russian war against Chechnya by creating an emotional triptych. In ''Longing, '' her camera caresses the earnest faces of twelveyearold cadets in St. Petersburg, training to ﬁght Chechens; in the second part, ''Breathing, '' a local social worker visits the sad apartments of Grozny under siege, where dailylife problems become insuperable; the third, ''Remembering, '' takes place in an orphanage just over the border, where Chechnyan young people learn bitterness. Little is said; in contemplative closeup, the faces of puzzlement, pain, and endurance speak volumes. The viewer has become complicit with the camera in knowing. reality. Their makers manipulate and distort reality like all ﬁlmmakers, but they still make a claim for making a truthful representation of reality. Throughout the history of documentary ﬁlm, makers, critics, and viewers have argued about what constitutes trustworthy storytelling about reality. This book introduces you to those arguments over time and in some of its popular subgenres. Documentary Film Form What does a documentary look like? Most people carry inside their heads a rough notion of what a documentary is. For many of them, it is not a pretty picture. ''A ''regular documentary'' often means a ﬁlm that features sonorous, ''voiceofGod'' narration, an analytical argument rather than a story with characters, head shots of experts leavened with a few peopleonthestreet interviews, stock images that illustrate the narrator's point (often called '' broll'' in broadcasting), perhaps a little educational animation, and digniﬁed music. This combination of formal elements is not usually remembered fondly. ''It was really interesting, not like a regular documentary, '' is a common response to a pleasant theatrical experience. In fact, documentarians have a large range of formal choices in registering for viewers the veracity and importance of what they show them. The formal elements many associate with ''regular documentary'' are part of a package of choices that became standard practice in the later twentieth century on broadcast television, but there are quite a few more to be had. This chapter provides you with several ways to consider the documentary as a set of decisions about how to represent reality with the tools available to the ﬁlmmaker. These tools include sound (ambient sound, soundtrack music, special sound effects, dialogue, narration); images (material shot on location, historical images captured in photographs, video, or objects); special effects in audio and video, including animation; and pacing (length of scenes, 10 number of cuts, script or storytelling structure). Filmmakers choose the way they want to structure a storywhich characters to develop for viewers, whose stories to focus on, how to resolve the storytelling. Filmmakers have many choices to make about each of the elements. For instance, a single shot may be framed differently and carry a different meaning depending on the frame: a closeup of a father grieving may say something quite different from a wide shot of the same scene showing the entire room; a decision to let the ambient sound of the funeral dominate the soundtrack will mean something different than a swelling soundtrack. Challenges to conventions stake an alternative claim to authenticity. At a time when ambient sound could be collected only with difﬁculty, conventions of 35mm sound production included authoritatively delivered narration. They also included lighting and even staging, appropriate to the heavy, difﬁculttomove equipment. Some documentaries used careful editing between the crafted compositions of each scene, to create the illusion of reality before the viewer's eyes. When ﬁlmmakers began experimenting with lighter 16mm equipment after World War II, the conventions that arose differently persuaded viewers of the documentary's truthfulness. Using very long ''takes'' or scenes made viewers feel that they were watching unvarnished reality; the jerkiness of handheld cameras was testimony to the youarethere immediacy, 11 Deﬁning the Documentary Since there is nothing natural about the representation of reality in documentary, documentary ﬁlmmakers are acutely aware that all their choices shape the meaning they choose. All documentary conventionsthat is, habits or clichés in the formal choices of expressionarise from the need to convince viewers of the authenticity of what they are being told. For instance, experts vouch for the truthfulness of analysis; digniﬁed male narrators signify authority for many viewers; classical music connotes seriousness. and it implied urgency; ''ambush'' interviews, catching subjects on the ﬂy or by surprise, led viewers to believe that the subject must be hiding something. The choice against narration, which became fashionable in the later 1960s, allowed viewers to believe that they were being allowed to decide for themselves the meaning of what they saw (even though editing choices actually controlled what they saw). Documentary Film Documentarians employ the same techniques as do ﬁction ﬁlmmakers. Cinematographers, sound technicians, digital designers, musicians, and editors may work in both modes. Documentary work may require lights, and directors may ask their subjects for retakes; documentaries usually require sophisticated editing; documentarians add sound effects and sound tracks. A shared convention of most documentaries is the narrative structure. They are stories, they have beginnings, middles, and ends; they invest viewers in their characters, they take viewers on emotional journeys. They often refer to classic story structure. When Jon Else made a documentary about J. Robert Oppenheimer, the creator of the ﬁrst atomic bomba scientist who anguished over his responsibilitiesElse had his staff read Hamlet. Conventions work well to command attention, facilitate storytelling, and share a maker's perspective with audiences. They become the aesthetic normofftheshelf choices for documentarians, shortcuts to register truthfulness. Conventions also, however, disguise the assumptions that makers bring to the project, and make the presentation of the particular facts and scenes seem both inevitable and complete. Showcasing convention How, then, to see formal choices as choices, to see conventions as conventions? You may turn to ﬁlms whose makers put formal choice front and center as subject matter, and contrast their choices with more routine work. 12 Mockumentaries, or tongueincheek fake documentaries, also offer the chance to see conventions at an angle. Rob Reiner's This Is Spinal Tap! (1984), about an imaginary heavy metal band, famously parodied rockumentariesperformance ﬁlms of rock 13 Deﬁning the Documentary One of the easiest ways to see conventions is through satire and parody. For example, the great Spanish surrealist artist Luis Buñuel's Land without Bread (Las Hurdes: Tierra sin Pan, 1932) begins as a seemingly tedious, pompous excursion into an impoverished corner of Spain. Soon, however, it becomes clear that Buñuel, aided by the commentary written by the surrealist artist Pierre Unik, is using dry, pseudoscientiﬁc conventions to incite bewilderment and outrage, both at the narrator and then at the horriﬁc social conditions of the countryside. The British Broadcasting Company (BBC)'s 1957 The Spaghetti Story, a segment in its Panorama series, takes viewers to Switzerland to discuss the latest spaghetti harvest (growing on trees) as a joke that also functions as a media literacy lesson. The wry In Search of the Edge (1990), purportedly about why the earth is ﬂat, employs a wide range of educationaldocumentary devices that people associate with ''regular documentary''all with deliberate clumsinessto demonstrate false logic in scientiﬁc arguments and manipulation in ﬁlmmaking. Here, experts are given such titles as ''university professor'' and are shown in front of bookcases signifying scholarship, although they speak nonsense; ﬂashy graphics demonstrate physical impossibilities; the narrator's tone is contemptuous of the notion that the earth is round; a family photo is shown in gradual closeup, Ken Burnsstyle, only to show the mentioned character with her head turned. The Australian ﬁlm Babakiueria (1988), made by an aboriginal group, satirizes ethnographic ﬁlm conventions, including the ascribing of mysterious or magical properties to exotic others in narration, the expert witness, the pretentious narrator, and the portrayal of scientiﬁc investigation as heroic exploration. In the ﬁlm, aboriginal scientists investigate what they believe to be a white Australian cultural ritual site, which actually is a barbecue area. bandswith their contrast of highenergy stage performance with goofy backstage antics and their populist success narratives. Like later mockumentaries such as Best in Show (2000) and A Mighty Wind (2003), the humor depended on the audience being able to identify the conventions. Artistic experiment Documentary Film Another way to see conventions is to analyze ﬁlms by makers who see themselves primarily as artistsmakers manipulating form rather than storytellers using the ﬁlm mediumas they invent, reinvent, and challenge. Where the market pressures of attracting audiences have led many ﬁlmmakers to employ familiar conventions, artists working outside the ﬁlm and video marketplaces have sought to go beyond them. They are frontline innovators and experimenters. One highly celebrated example of such artistic countercurrents is the city symphony ﬁlm. In the 1920s and 1930s, when theaters were showing nature adventures, war newsreels, and exotica, artists producing for galleries in interwar Europe imagined cinema (then a silent medium) as, among other things, a visual poem, one that could unite the experience of different senses. It was a time of exuberant experimentation and international communication. City symphonies participated in the modernist love of the urban, of machinery, and of progress. They absorbed elements from artistic movements such as surrealism and futurism, and they let people see what they usually could not or would not. Among the machines artists loved was the camera itself, which represented a superior ''mechanical eye, '' as Russian documentarian and theorist Dziga Vertov called it. An early example of the city symphony was Paul Strand and Charles Sheeler's Manhatta (1921), and the form proliferated on the European continent in the later 1920s. The city symphony was given its name by the German ﬁlmmaker Walther Ruttmann's Berlin: Symphony of a Great City (1927). Ruttmann also commissioned a score for the ﬁlm. The very term 14 ''city symphony'' unites the brash industrial enterprise of the modern city with the classical musical form that demonstrates the capacity to organize and coordinate many individual expressions into a whole. The ﬁlm takes the viewer into Berlin on a train and then on a daylong tour of the many urban patterns emerging from the interaction of people and machines, culminating with ﬁreworks. In the ﬁlm, Ruttmann experimented with Vertov's ideas about the power of documentary to be an ''eye'' on society in a way that transcended the power of human observation. The city symphony form remains an unusual, poetic choice, an exception to the rule of documentary conventions. Godfrey Reggio's 1982 Koyaanisqatsi uses lightshowlike techniques along with timelapse photography (one of the techniques pioneered by city symphony ﬁlms) to make a histrionic commentary on mankind's devastating effect on the earth. The title refers to a Hopi word meaning ''life out of balance.'' American ﬁlm scholar Thom Andersen used nearly a century of cinema to look at how Los 15 Deﬁning the Documentary Many artists seized upon the city symphony notion as a way of experimenting with the medium. The Brazilian artist Alberto Cavalcanti was inspired by the project Ruttmann was developing and made Rien que les Heures (1926), a ﬁlm about Paris, even before Ruttmann completed his. It features clever special effects in a whirlwind tour of Paris that includes both the highest and lowest classes of society. In the south of France, Vertov's exiled younger brother, Boris Kaufman, and the French artist Jean Vigo, produced a slyly satirical little ﬁlm, À Propos de Nice (1930), showing the beach town as a selfindulgent culture of gambling and sunand selfworshiping. (Vertov wrote ﬁlmmaking instructions to his brother.) In Belgium, Henri Storck made a closely observed ﬁlm about his own beach town, in Images d'Ostende (1930), and the Dutch ﬁlmmaker Joris Ivens, who went on to work with Storck, made what became a classic of these ﬁlms, Rain. Vertov, in touch with these developments, created his masterpiece, Man with a Movie Camera. Documentary Film Angeles has been represented in the movies in Los Angeles Plays Itself (2003). It sometimes wryly, sometimes bleakly shows the city in the commercial and public imagination. Other selfdescribed artists have searched for ways to use documentary ﬁlm as a road to purity of vision and a celebration of the ecstasy of sensation itself. Because their ﬁlms deliberately eschew conventions such as story line, narrator, and sometimes even discernable objects in the world, they provide another way of understanding what we have come to expect. Kenneth Anger, Jonas Mekas, Carolee Schneeman, Jordan Belson, and Michael Snow all made ﬁlms that creatively interpreted real life, although they identiﬁed themselves as avantgarde artists and not documentarians. One of the best known American avantgarde artists who did think of himself as a documentarianand a scientistwas Stan Brakhage. Brakhage wanted viewers to return to an ''innocent eye, '' a purity of experience of vision. He wanted to help people see, not only what the eye takes in from the outside but also what the eye creates as a result of memory or bodily energy from the inside. ''I really think my ﬁlms are documentaries. All of them, '' he said. ''They are my attempts to get as accurate a representation of seeing as I possibly can.'' Most of Brakhage's work was silent and executed in the passionate belief that seeing was a fullbody action. Surprisingly, his artistic intuitions and perceptions of how the eye works are supported by scientiﬁc research on optics. Brakhage made hundreds of ﬁlms; two of the most seen are Mothlight (1963) and The Garden of Earthly Delights (1981). In both short ﬁlms, Brakhage encased found natural objects, put them between two pieces of celluloid and then printed the images created. Mothlight contained moth wings; Garden contained twigs, ﬂowers, seeds, and weeds. The images produced then created an experience for viewers, which referred to the original but was entirely different. 16 Art ﬁlms have also experimented with sound. The German experimental ﬁlmmaker Hans Richter translated sound rhythms into visual experience in the 1920s and 1930s. The Indian ﬁlmmaker Mani Kaul, who grew up artistically in India's subsidized ''parallel cinema'' (i.e., parallel to commercial cinema) in the 1970s, has worked repeatedly with Indian song traditions, including Dhrupad (1982), which mesmerizes with the sound and image of one classical music performance style designed to facilitate spiritual meditation. Such work highlights the way in which we often take sound for granted as a convenient emotional conductor. In all these works, the conventions of ''regular documentary'' are largely absent. No narrator tells us what is going on; no experts provide authority; ordinary reality is deliberately distorted so that we will see it differently; soundtracks are used for other purposes than cueing storylinked emotions. Patterns of light and dark, the hypnotic sound of repetitive music, the sight of objects from the natural world projected at many times their size, and other devices 17 Deﬁning the Documentary 2. In Mothlight, experimental documentarian Stan Brakhage pressed moth wings and scraps of twigs and ﬂowers between celluloid strips. Directed by Stan Brakhage, 1963. shock us out of our visual habits. These experiments have greatly expanded the repertoire of formal approaches for documentary ﬁlmmakers. At the same time, these experiments provide a sharp contrast to the most common conventions, those usually used in broadcast television. Documentary Film Economic context Conventions are also conditioned by business realities. On television, where viewers make a decision within one or two seconds about whether to watch, producers now strive to make every moment compelling and to signal brand identity not only through identifying logos but through style. They also search for ways to streamline production and reduce costs through style and form. A History Channel executive in the later 1990s memorably explained that channel's thenformulaclips either of stock footage or of small staged scenes or objects interpolated with talking heads and stitched together with narrationto a group of striving producers: ''We do it because it's cheap and it works.'' Filmmakers have looked to three kinds of funders to pay for their documentaries: patrons or sponsors, both corporate and governmental; advertisers, typically on television and usually at one remove; and users or audiences. Each source of funding has powerfully affected the choices of ﬁlmmakers. Government sponsors have been critically important to documentary ﬁlmmaking. In the British Commonwealth, institutions that promote the making and distribution of documentary ﬁlm include the BBC, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and the Canadian National Film Board. Throughout continental Europe, governments provide subsidies to artists who work on documentaries. German, French, and Dutch documentary work has ﬂourished with this kind of investment. In the developing world, excolonial powers sometimes provide stipends for cultural production; national governments may offer resources and often control access to screens. Cultural nationalism 18 is a powerful motive for national governments to provide these subsidies. Programming themes and styles often reﬂect a concern to express national identity, especially against the unceasing international ﬂow of U.S. popular media. Another way in which governments have been important to documentary ﬁlmmaking is through regulation that encourages certain kinds of production over others. For example, when the British government authorized the existence of private commercial television channels, it also required hefty public interest responsibilities, which translated into ambitious documentary projects funded in hopes of prestige, recognition, and license renewal. British Channel 4 was launched with funds siphoned from advertising revenues of a commercial channel and was given a mandate to feature the work of independent producers, including many documentarians. Chad Raphael has argued that American broadcast network fear of government regulation (networks had been caught rigging quiz shows) led to a period of lavish funding for investigative public affairs documentaries. (Indeed, the decline of government regulation of television in the 1980s resulted in a decline in public affairs documentaries.) 19 Deﬁning the Documentary By contrast, U.S. taxpayer support for documentary has historically been anemic, in a nation where cultural policy has always strongly supported commercial media. U.S. public broadcasting was given a rebirth in the liberal heyday of Lyndon Johnson's Great Society, with committed public funds for the noncommercial, nongovernmental entity to help build capacity of the thenfeeble public broadcast stations in most major cities. During the 1970s and 1980s, other cultural organizations, especially the taxpayerfunded National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Endowment for the Arts, also contributed to American documentary. Unconventional styles, themes, and politically sensitive topics often raised conservative ire in Congress. Documentary Film Government regulators play a de facto role in standardssetting and enforcing of conventions. Broadcasters are usually under tight scrutiny by regulators who patrol use of airwaves, which the government typically leases to individual companies with conditions. In a documentary about drug smuggling, The Connection, Brian Winston recounted a scandal that erupted in Britain in 1998 over recreated or possibly even ﬁctional footage. The British Independent Television Commission, a regulatory body, ﬁned the television channel that aired the ﬁlm and set in motion debates about government censorship. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) levied an indecency ﬁne, widely criticized as arbitrary, on a public television station for airing a history program, The Blues (2003), because in it a jazz musician uttered a vulgar word. The judgment then made many broadcasters even more cautious in their programming. The role of privatesector sponsors in the history of documentary has been large, and surely will continue to be. Key works of documentary founder Robert Flaherty were backed by corporate sponsors who hoped to associate their image with his romantic vision. Corporate underwriters and sponsors were also essential to early documentary on television. For instance, the American public affairs program featuring the great journalist Edward R. Murrow, See It Now (1951), was funded by Alcoa, which at the time was looking to burnish its reputation after an antitrust suit. Corporate underwriters have been crucial to public service television as well. Nonproﬁt organizations have also become signiﬁcant clients for documentary ﬁlm work on issues they consider important. Sponsors pay to have a ﬁlm made because they want a particular story told or they want to improve their image. Either way, a ﬁlmmaker has limited autonomy but often it is enough to be able to do important work. Sometimes a ﬁlmmaker's priorities accord well with an organization's, as well. Advertisers are also sponsors, each of whom pays for a little time or space on a program that can 20 attract viewers to their messages. Advertising favors lightweight, lowbudget documentaries that do not challenge the status quo and sensationalist documentaries that can drive up ratings. A breakthrough example of direct distribution was the Robert Greenwaldproduced Outfoxed (2004), which lambastes Fox News for its rightwing bias. Launched during the 2004 election season in the United States, this ﬁlm was offered to viewers via emails from the liberal website MoveOn.org. According to organizers, more than 100, 000 viewers purchased the DVDs within the month, mostly for use in house parties where several viewers saw it at once. The ﬁlm also received a limited, simultaneous theatrical run. The example was rapidly imitated and tweaked; soon conservatives were making their own incendiary ﬁlms and circulating them to their constituencies. Digital production in a download era bids fair to develop new market models. By 2006 video downloads occupied perhaps half the total trafﬁc on the Internet. Within days, obscure homemade parodies have drawn worldwide audiences larger than many documentaries ever gained in a festival and theatrical run. At the 21 Deﬁning the Documentary Direct sale is the fastestgrowing model for documentary support. Theatrical audiences looking for novelty and awe ﬁnd it in IMAX documentaries, whether on the miracle of ﬂight or the astounding world of tropical insects. Subscribers to cable channels, such as HBO or Canada's Doc Channel, receive a ﬂow of documentary programming the same way they subscribe to magazines. Video on demand also offers documentaries direct to viewers, as do rental services such as Netﬂix and Blockbuster. Home users are purchasing, often online, DVDs of documentaries that may never have seen the inside of a theater, and they are also downloading ﬁlms to their video iPods and cell phones; this drives documentarians to identify a ''personal audience, '' as producer Peter Broderick calls it, and to craft work around the interests of this niche or identify a constituency passionate about a particular cause or issue. same time, the business model that can support such work still remained to be seen. Ethics and form Ethical issues have been as critical as aesthetic ones in the formal choices of documentarians. American historical ﬁlmmaker Jon Else and theorist Bill Nichols among others have called for professional ﬁlmmakers themselves to articulate ethical standards. Documentary Film One ongoing question is that of how much simulation of reality is acceptable. Outright fakery is easy to condemn, although it is common from the origins of ﬁlm: Thomas Edison's studio produced war footage from the Philippines in New Jersey, and the supposed record of the sinking of the Maine in the Havana harbor was actually ﬁlmed in a New York bathtub. Other practices are less ethically clear. Reenactment was a staple of 35mm documentary ﬁlm production. Given the cumbersome machinery, without lighting and staging, most ﬁlmmaking of this kind would have been impossible. Cinema verité purists in the 1960s, using new lighterweight and moreﬂexible equipment, scorned such techniques, denigrating them as artiﬁcial. Reenactment burgeoned again, though, in the 1990s. Sometimes, it was because of the low budgets offered by cable programmers that ﬁlmmakers struggled to produce compelling storytelling for television audiences used to high production values. Thus, on the History Channel, for example, it became common for a few feet in sandals to represent the march of thousands of Roman warriors, or for a few coins and a vase to represent the wealth of kings in another era. Other times, ﬁlmmakers used reenactment to evoke an uncaptured moment. In the Holocaustmemoir ﬁlm Tak for Alt (1999), scenes of a mother making challah and lighting candles were staged to represent the memories of the survivor's childhood. Such use is not confusing to viewers, since they usually can 22 distinguish what is genuine experience from the symbolic representation of it. Films that throughout use actors and scripts, with creative license, to retell true events are usually called docudramas. Films such as Gandhi (1982) or television series such as Roots (1977) are docudramas. They look and feel like ﬁction ﬁlms, and it is generally understood that they can take some license with details in order to dramatically represent a reality. However, neither viewers nor journalists think falsifying reality is appropriate. A 2006 ABC network docudrama, The Path to 9/11, cast actors in roles of real Clinton administration ofﬁcials, including that of the secretary of state, and had them say and do things that they clearly had not. These falsiﬁcations showed the Clinton administration neglecting a terrorist threat. The network deleted some errors at the last minute and then tried to absolve itself by noting that the ﬁlm was only a docudrama, but outraged viewers and commentators were not molliﬁed by the disclaimer. Some documentaries mix in ﬁctional elements while still laying claim to being documentaries. This style is growing with the 23 Deﬁning the Documentary Controversy has grown up around ﬁlmmaking in which the fake is interwoven with the real, without giving viewers the chance to distinguish. The civil rights history Mighty Times: Volume 2: The Children's March (2004), by Robert Hudson and Bobby Houston, intermixed reenactments and archival material, and also used archival material from one place and time to signify another. When it won an Academy Award, the ﬁlm generated controversy for its intermixing. David McNab's The Secret Plot to Kill Hitler (2004) was part of a Discovery Channel experiment in ''virtual history, '' in which actors reenact a moment in history, and the heads of historical ﬁgures are borrowed from archival footage. The ﬁlm admitted this at the outset, but some believed the approach of mixing actors with archival images crossed an ethical line and could potentially confuse people. Documentary Film popularity of documentary entertainment. For example, Danish ﬁlmmaker Jeppe Rønde's The Swenkas (2004) tells a fable about a fatherandson reunion, within documentation of reallife male fashion contests in South Africa. Although it was popular in ﬁlm festivals in the global North, the ﬁlm raises questions for its representation of a ﬁctional plot as real life. Some documentary ﬁlmmakers deliberately use ﬁction as a provocation. British leftwing ﬁlmmaker Peter Watkins has made many ﬁlms using nonactors to reenact historical incidents that reveal structures of power and movements of resistance, from the Battle of Culloden to the Paris Commune. American radical ﬁlmmaker Emile de Antonio in his In the King of Prussia (1982) restaged a trial of antiVietnam War protesters, after reporters were banned from the courtroom. The ﬁlm starred the actual defendants, including the priestly brothers Philip and Daniel Berrigan, with the Hollywood actor Martin Sheen as the judge. The reenactment not only retold the events but implicitly critiqued the banning of reporters during the trial. The French ﬁlmmaker Chris Marker, in his Sans Soleil (1982) mixed documentary images and sound with a ﬁctional narration. The result was a provocative inquiry into the meaning of memory and a meditation on ﬁlmmaking. In Perfumed Nightmare (1977), Philippine ﬁlmmaker Kidlat Tahimik recycled documentary footage to tell a ﬁctional story about a Third World innocent who traveled to the Westa tale that was also a critical documentary essay about the interpenetration of West and East. The recycling itself was a commentary on the Philippines' syncretic and eclectic culture. German artist Harun Farocki has created many complex and selfreﬂexive ﬁlm essays where documentary footage is used and wrenching questions of public importance addressed. His essay on the complicity of industrial workers in the Vietnam war, Nicht löschbares Feuer (The Indistinguishable Fire, 1969)the ﬁre referred to napalmwas scripted and staged in a style that attempted Brechtian alienation. American ﬁlmmaker Jill 24 Godmilow later remade the ﬁlm shotforshot as What Farocki Taught (1998). Filmmakers' formal choices all make persuasive claims to the viewer about the accuracy, good faith, and reasonableness of the ﬁlmmaker. The fact that ﬁlmmakers have a wide variety of choices in representing reality is a reminder that there is no transparent representation of reality. No one can solve these ethical dilemmas by eschewing choice in expression, and no formal choices are wrong in themselves. A goodfaith relationship between maker and viewer is essential. Filmmakers can facilitate that by being clear to themselves why they are using the techniques that they do, and striving for formal choices that honor the reality they want to share. Founders Three ﬁgures who launched their careers in the 1920s have shaped expectation of audiences worldwide ever since: Robert Flaherty, John Grierson, and Dziga Vertov. Each one claimed simultaneously that they told the truth and that they were artists. These two assertions, as we have seen, create the most basic tension in documentary. When does artistry conﬂict with reality 25 Deﬁning the Documentary Are such hybrids still documentary? Like the mainstream of documentary, they claim to portray real life, telling the viewer something important about it. But to some, these experiments are outside the bounds of documentary, as are mockumentaries. Godmilow herself, within her ﬁlm, asks the viewer what kind of movie What Farocki Taught is. She points out that almost all scenes were reenacted, such as most scenes in the ﬁlm it mimics had been, and yet the ﬁlm is an argument about real life. She suggests, partly tongue in cheek, that the viewer regard the ﬁlm as ''agitprop, '' recalling the Sovietera term for ''agitationpropaganda'' ﬁlms to incite social change. Her own questioning points to the fuzzy lines around the border of the genre. Documentary Film and when does it facilitate such representation? These ﬁlmmakers variously grappled with that question and set the stage for later arguments. Grierson and Flaherty, with different aspirations, both anchored a tradition of realism in documentary. This expressive tradition creates the illusion of reality for the viewer. Thus, realism was not an attempt to authentically capture reality but an attempt to use art to mimic it so effectively that the viewer would be pulled in without thinking about it. Some of the techniques to create the illusion of reality include (1) elision editing (editing that goes unnoticed by the conscious mind, so that your eye is tricked into thinking it is merely moving with the action); (2) cinematography that creates the illusion that you are almost in the scene or ''looking over the shoulder'' of the action and gives you a psychological stake in the action; and (3) pacing that follows the viewer's expectations for events in the natural world. Because of its evocative power, realism has become the international language of commercial cinema, in both documentary and ﬁction. In contrast to realism are approaches that call attention to the artist's and the technology's role in creating the ﬁlm. Some of these approaches have been grouped under the term formalism, meaning the highlighting of formal elements in the ﬁlm itself. Examples of such elements include sharp or recognizable edits, unnatural colors, distortions in the lens, special effects such as animation, and slowing down or speeding up sound and image. In the early days of ﬁlm, many ﬁlmmakers experimented with these techniques, and they have typiﬁed a strong strand of expression in documentary outside commercial strictures ever since. (Advertisers have also found them helpful, for memorable, highimpact effects.) Proponents of formalism charged realists with illusionism, with tricking viewers into believing that they are watching something real; instead, these makers argued, let viewers notice and even celebrate the artist's role in creating the work. 26 Robert Flaherty The American Robert Flaherty produced only a few ﬁlms in a lifetime's work, but some have become touchstones of documentary. His ﬁrst ﬁlm, Nanook of the North, was a popular success and inspired ﬁlmmakers all over the world, from the Russian Sergei Eisenstein to the British John Grierson to the French Jean Rouch. The ﬁlm borrowed from popular screen entertainment of the time. It had ''scenic'' elements of the popular travelogue ﬁlm, itself a legatee of travel slide shows. It told a dramatic story of survival against the elements, using a similar structure to that of the ﬁction feature by D. W. Grifﬁth, Birth of a Nation (1915), which Flaherty had seen. It also had novelty: Flaherty introduced viewers to daily life in a culture that both he and his audiences thought of as primitive. The novelty of the ﬁlm was that the ''primitives'' were not shown as freaks or exotic animals (as they had been only recently at the Chicago World Columbian Exhibition in 1893) but as people with families and communities. Urban audiences could look over the ﬁlmmaker's shoulder to see into another way of lifeindeed, they believed, even into the past. Flaherty's representation of Inuit lifestyle was deliberately archaic. 27 Deﬁning the Documentary Flaherty grew up in and on the border of Canada, living partly in mining camps with his father, a mine owner. After an aborted ﬁlm (the negative burned up) made as documentation of his travels, he returned for a year to the indigenous Arctic people who had treated him well, with funds from a French fur trading company. Although several distributors turned down the resulting ﬁlm, the ﬁlm made a great deal of money both for itself and for Flaherty. Nanook was promoted in theaters with gimmicks such as dogsleds and cardboard displays of igloos, and it was touted as ''a story of life and love in the actual Arctic.'' Documentary Film Nanook's warm humanism was a far more commercially successful approach than that of another ''salvage ethnographer, '' the photographer Edward S. Curtis, whom the Flahertys had visited before ﬁnishing Nanook. Curtis, already renowned for his photography of American Indians in archaic dress, had hoped to pay for years of living with Kwakiutl Indians with a ﬁlm that would attract paying audiences. His In the Land of the Headhunters (1914)later renamed, more accurately, In the Land of the War Canoescombined footage of rites that he had asked the Kwakiutl to revive with a melodramatic plot that did not draw from Kwakiutl culture. It was a sad and clumsy box ofﬁce and aesthetic failure, although of immense interest to later anthropologists for its recreated ritual scenes. Flaherty clearly made some choices with the goal of engaging ticketpaying audiences. He renamed Allakariallak as Nanook and assembled for him a photogenic but fake nuclear family. He disguised the participation of various Inuit in the making of the ﬁlm. He featured and even staged highdrama hunts rather than record the moreuneventful pace of daily life, particularly that of the women. Flaherty's cameraworkthe product of meticulous visual care and many retakesand the editor's clever pacing (slow enough to convince viewers they were watching real life, but dramatically shaped) produced highquality entertainment from compelling raw material. The choice of a realist modecreating, as it were, the illusion of seen and felt reality through editing, camera angle, and pacinggave viewers a vivid impression of having virtually experienced something genuine. Flaherty's archaism in the ﬁlm was a moral choice. ''What I want to show, '' he said, ''is the former majesty and character of these people, while it is still possiblebefore the white man has destroyed not only their character, but the people as well.'' Flaherty had a powerful romantic belief in the purity of native cultures, and he believed that his own culture was spiritually impoverished by comparison. ''Nanook's problem was how to live with nature, '' 28 Flaherty's widow recalled him saying. ''Our problem is how to live with our machines. Nanook found the solution of the problem in his own spirit, as the Polynesians did in theirs. But we have made for ourselves an environment that is difﬁcult for the spirit to come to terms with.'' This romantic conviction also meant that Flaherty believed Inuit culture was polluted by contact with the outside world; he did not believe that Inuit culture could survive the onslaught. For him, true native culture was pure, untouched by machinemade civilization, even though the very Inuit he depended on to ﬁx his cameras were also selling to fur markets. 3. Romantic realist Robert Flaherty asked Inuit to recreate traditional customs for Nanook of the North. Directed by Robert Flaherty, 1922. 29 Deﬁning the Documentary And that romanticism became a mark of Flaherty's work. He made, among others, Moana (1926) in Samoa, Man of Aran (1934) on the Documentary Film desolate Aran Islands off Ireland, and Louisiana Story (1948), his last ﬁlm, in the bayous of Louisiana. Each of these ﬁlms erased the complexities of social relationships in favor of a narrative of man against nature. In the South Seas, Flaherty was ﬂummoxed to discover that nature was forgiving to the islanders, so he created drama in the thendying custom of painful tattooing. He ignored, among other things, the colonial presence in Samoa, the aggressive privatization of property that transformed Samoan communities, and the governmental insistence on Western legal marriage that contravened Samoans' own marital traditions. In Man of Aran (1934), Flaherty got Aran Islanders to revive the hunting of basking sharks (they had to be taught), and excluded from the story two elements that largely conditioned their lives: their ﬁsh trade with the mainland, and the fact that it was absentee landlords and not the harsh forces of nature that forced his subjects onto the poor land that they needed to enrich with seaweed. One reason for Nanook's appeal is Flaherty's celebration of the ''noble savage, '' a popular notion with a long heritage in Western thought, going back to the early Enlightenment and expressed in JeanJacques Rousseau's writing. The noble savage notion expresses an optimism that natural man is inherently good. It had become particularly vivid in the European and AngloAmerican imagination at the height of European colonialism in the Victorian era and with the American ''manifest destiny'' ideology. Even as rising powers asserted political domination over different cultures, their explorers pursued untouched exotic lands beyond their knowledge and celebrated the beauty of the simple life. As Leo Marx has noted, this romantic view of other cultures valued for their supposed simplicity and innocence only grew with rapid industrialization. Another reason why people continue to love Flaherty's ﬁlms is that Flaherty's immense affection for his subjects is palpable. Flaherty established a warm human bond with the people he lived and worked with for months at a time. Four decades after Flaherty 30 made Man of Aran, ﬁlmmaker George Stoneywho had been inspired to take up ﬁlmmaking by watching Flaherty's ﬁlms returned to the island where his grandfather had been the ﬁrst physician to interview people who had worked on the ﬁlm. His How the Myth Was Made (1978) examines Man of Aran as a myth artfully crafted out of reality. Still, people there recalled Flaherty with great affection. Generations of Inuit have also watched Nanook with pleasure, regarding it as a gift allowing them to know their traditions. After Flaherty's death, critical opinion developed into two camps, which anthropologist Jay Ruby has called ''Flaherty the myth'' and ''Flaherty the romantic fraud.'' Flaherty's widow, Frances, an indispensable enabler of all his projects, became the guardian of the ﬂame. She celebrated what she called ''The Flaherty Way, '' which she described as a special ability to ''surrender to the material, '' so that Flaherty could share with viewers his ''innocent eye'' on the subject matter. She coined the term ''nonpreconception'' to describe his approachwhich she typiﬁed as intuitive, mystical, unerring. Helen van Dongen, Flaherty's editor for his last two projects and the person who had carved stories out of footage, rejected the mystical claims of Frances Flaherty but 31 Deﬁning the Documentary Reviewers at the time raised questions about intention and ethics, particularly concerning Man of Aran. Grierson and Paul Rotha, another leader of what came to be called the British documentary, celebrated Flaherty as a great artist who elevated documentary to be beautiful art rather than a mere record. For these two ﬁlmmakers, Flaherty lacked the social conscience and commitment to adaptation to the industrial age that typiﬁed their movement. In the middle of the Great Depression, Flaherty's work irritated leftofcenter critics. ''Man's struggle with Nature is incomplete unless it embraces the struggle of man with man, '' leftist British critic Ivor Montagu wrote. ''No less than Hollywood, Flaherty is busy turning reality into romance. The tragedy is that, being a poet with a poet's eye, his lie is the greater, for he can make the romance seem real.'' Documentary Film celebrated him as a ''visionary poet, '' a ''genius, '' and an artist whose career was sadly crippled by the needs of commerce. The growth of anticolonial consciousness, the rise of a nationalist cultural elite in the Cold Warera Third World, and the growth of selfreﬂexive anthropology all fueled the ''Flaherty the romantic fraud'' argument. Some argue that his manversusnature theme deepened unhelpful assumptions about indigenous peoples; indigenous people only seem to command our sentimental concern when we can keep them at a safe distance, where they provide a mental vacation for us. The manversusnature conﬂict further fostered an understanding of indigenous people as childlike or even petlike innocents, potential victims before civilization. It led people to look skeptically on political efforts of indigenous people to lay claim to the beneﬁts of their existing relationship with larger economies. Jay Ruby has cautioned anthropologists, however, not to judge Flaherty too harshly before looking at their own practices. The legacy of Robert Flaherty endures. The Story of the Weeping Camel (2003) features a family in the Gobi Desert that saves the life of a camel calf whose mother rejects it by staging a public ritual in which a musician sings to the camel. The story was scripted and invented by the ﬁlmmakers, one of whom was Mongolian. They represented life in the Gobi Desert as they imagine it might have been generations ago, with the help of cheerful nonactors in a constructed nuclear family. The ﬁlm's codirector Luigi Faloni, when asked his inspiration, said confessionally, ''Well, you'll laugh at me, but it was Nanook of the North.'' John Grierson The career of John Grierson created conﬂicts and contradictions in documentary practice at least as great as those of Flaherty. Born in Scotland the son of a conservative Calvinist teacher, Grierson took up ﬁlmmaking as a powerful tool to address the problem that occupied his life: how to manage social conﬂicts in a democratic industrial society. After serving in World War I, he saw brutal labor 32 conﬂicts, taught in a slum school, preached about good works, and ﬁnally won a Rockefeller fellowship in the United States. There he was inﬂuenced by pundit Walter Lippman, who argued that our increasingly complex society required professionals who could translate issues for the masses, who otherwise would become overwhelmed by the level of expertise needed to address any particular issue. Grierson was also drawn to the budding business of public relations, which had been born with late nineteenth century labor strife. Finally, he saw in Flaherty's Nanook a compelling example of the power of ﬁlm to bring audiences into another reality, and he was captivated by the evercharming Flaherty himself. Writing about Moana, he celebrated its ''documentary'' quality, deﬁnitively naming the genre. Grierson was hired by the Empire Marketing Board to promote the very notion of empire. His superior unambiguously stated the point: ''For the State, the function of ofﬁcial documentary is to win the consent of this new public for the existing order.'' After making the only ﬁlm he would ever directDrifters (1928), a documentary on herring ﬁshing cannily produced to respond to an ofﬁcial's interest in that businesshe hired a group of young men and very few women, including his sister Ruby, to make ﬁlms both for 33 Deﬁning the Documentary After he returned to Britain, he was able to persuade British ofﬁcials of the power of documentary. It was a propitious time for such arguments. In 1927 John Reith, another Scot, became the head of the ﬁrst public service broadcast in the worldthe British Broadcasting Corporation, whose mission was educating and improving the public. The Great Depression exacerbated class tensions in Britain and made the alternative of socialism and even Communism seem plausible to many. In the same period, enormous movements of social reform also blossomed, such as those spurred by the New Deal in the United States. Artists of all kinds, especially those such as photographers and ﬁlmmakers whose subject matter was reality, saw art as inextricably intertwined with political and social reform. Documentary Film government and for large corporations. Industrial Britain (1932) was an attempt to wean Britons from their nostalgia for a simpler past. Grierson, however, made the mistake of hiring Flaherty to shoot the ﬁlm. Before getting ﬁred, Flaherty not only overran the budget but shot footage primarily of artisanship that would indeed evoke nostalgia. Housing Problems (1935), directed by Edgar Anstey and Ruby Grierson and paid for by a gas company and a housing agency, let slum dwellers explain the misery of their lot and lent support to the project of slum clearance. Night Mail (1936), by Basil Wright and Harry Watt with contributions from poet W. H. Auden and composer Benjamin Britten, followed a letter from mailbox to delivery, mostly on a mail train (the interior of the train was a set). It awed viewers with the intricate bureaucratic and industrial complexity of the government service, 4. John Grierson saw documentary as a tool to promote social cohesion and insight; Night Mail celebrated the union of man and machine in British postal delivery. Directed by Harry Watt and Basil Wright, 1936. 34 burnishing the reputation of the post ofﬁce and underscoring the interlinked nature of modern society. Grierson became more strident about the social function of documentary, even at the expense of the ''beautiful.'' In 1942 he asserted, ''The documentary idea was not basically a ﬁlm idea at all'' but ''a new idea for public education.'' He saw the state as a fair and neutral body to manage social democracy; he believed that corporations could use public relations for public good, if they depended on the truth. The fact that he endorsed using some of the same techniques as Nazi propagandists did not bother him: ''You can be 'totalitarian' for evil and you can also be 'totalitarian' for good.'' Grierson advocated the ﬁrm separation of documentary from entertainment cinema. Believing that Hollywood was unbeatable and unjoinable, he argued that documentary should strive for noncommercial circuits and wholly different expectations among viewers. Grierson became a consultant both to corporations and to governments, all looking for the latest tools in public relations. His 35 Deﬁning the Documentary Grierson and his ''boys'' vigorously promoted the notion of documentary as a tool of education and social integration, in lectures and writings. In 1932 Grierson celebrated the power of documentary to observe ''life itself, '' using real people who could help others interpret the world and real stories. This he contrasted to the ''shimsham mechanics'' and ''Woolworth intentions'' of Hollywoodacted ﬁlms. He heralded Flaherty's ability to let reality dictate the story, although he hoped, referring to Flaherty's romanticism, that ''the neoRousseauianism implicit in Flaherty's work dies with his own exceptional self.'' The real challenge, he said, was to apply creativity to the ''business of ordering most present chaos'' and make a statement ''which is honest and lucid and deeply felt and which fulﬁls the best ends of citizenship.'' To do this, it was important to get beyond a focus on individuals and move along to processes. Documentary Film inﬂuence was wide. In Canada, where he spent the bulk of World War II, he launched the National Film Board (NFB), which continues today. He consulted with both the U.S. and the British government. His colleague helped establish the Australian National Film Board. He advised leaders of the South African government; unfortunately, as Keyan Tomaselli has documented, there he fell victim to a ploy by proapartheid Afrikaners and recommended their proposals in the name of national unity. Grierson's own role as a leader in documentary ﬁlm, and indeed the British social documentary movement itself, collapsed after World War II. However, his vision of documentary as a socialeducation project profoundly inﬂuenced later makers. Contemporary criticism of Grierson's work largely focused on questions of effectiveness. Were the ﬁlms too radical? They featured working people, which was a shock to many in Britain's classbound society. Were they going to be popular enough? Were they aesthetically daring enough? In response, Paul Rotha claimed in Documentary Film that the movement was ''this country's most important contribution to the cinema as a whole, '' and that declaration became accepted wisdom internationally. Grierson became a revered, almost mythic ﬁgure of British and Canadian communications history, in part through the promotional efforts of the Griersonians themselves. Later scholarship enthusiastically took on the challenge of demolishing the myth, as both Ian Aitken and Jack Ellis have well summarized. It also located Grierson in his time and place as an early champion of public relations. Some charged that Rotha's claim ignored competing ﬁlm efforts of the time and was somewhat selfserving. Others faulted Grierson's work for naiveté about the implications of realism, and noted the maleoriented, middleclass culture celebrated in the ﬁlms. Although Grierson sometimes took the posture of and was accused of being a leftwinger, later critics noted his conservatism and his 36 desire to maintain the status quo. Joyce Nelson, looking closely at Grierson's performance in Canada, argued that Grierson downplayed Canadian nationalism in service to Commonwealth unity, and that he supported Hollywood's grip on Canadian screens with his separatist strategy for documentaries. Elizabeth Sussex, who interviewed many of the proponents of Griersonian British documentary, has contended that Grierson's vision of a form that could make viewers aware of their social context was indeed kept alive and handed down to another generation to do differently. Remarkably for a man who had boasted of worldchanging, Rotha later said, ''I don't think the ﬁlms themselves are the least bit important. What is important is the sort of spirit which lay behind them.'' Later critiques have grown to such prominence because the movement Grierson set in motion and so vigorously promoted left such a large footprint on documentary ﬁlmmaking. The writings of 37 Deﬁning the Documentary Perhaps Grierson's harshest critic has been British scholar and exbroadcast journalist Brian Winston, who argued that Grierson's project poisoned the well for the form, which avoided responsibility for its role as truth teller by taking refuge in claims to artthat ''creative treatment'' of actuality. It did not engage with the challenges of art, however, dodging that responsibility by claiming that it was serving a higher social purpose. It avoided responsibility for that social purpose, its propaganda function, by claiming to be simply a truth teller. Finally, Grierson ignored evidence that his documentaries were not as widely seen as even minor products of commercial cinema, and that the nontheatrical circuit was driven by educational duty rather than appreciation of the documentary form. Griersonian documentaries were in bad faith, reinforcing the interests of those who funded them and stiﬂing creativity. Filmmakers should be free, Winston argued, to tell the stories they think are important, without the pretentious claim of social service or mystical claims to a unique access to truth. this group became key texts for aspiring ﬁlmmakers. The institutions Grierson created or inspired, particularly the Canadian National Film Board, have been important to documentary ﬁlmmakers. The notion of documentary ﬁlm as a project with a social purpose at the core, and of the documentarian as an apostle of social progress, has been extremely persuasive, for better or worse. The business model of government or corporate support with noncommercial, nontheatrical distribution became broadly accepted. Flaherty made the rendering of reality an aesthetic virtue, and Grierson made it a social mission. Documentary Film Dziga Vertov The third founding ﬁgure in documentary is the revolutionary Russian ﬁlmmaker Dziga Vertov (Denis Arkadievich Kaufman). Vertov was both a ﬁlmmaker and a polemicist on behalf of what in Russia were called ''unplayed'' (unstaged) ﬁlms. He championed the unique truth value of ''life caught unaware, '' the unrehearsed moment. He believed that documentary was the perfect medium for revolution, that not only should it ﬂourish but that ﬁction ﬁlm be extinguished as a denial of the capacities of the form. As the Russian revolution ossiﬁed into dictatorship, he became a liability to the regime, and his work was ignored within the Soviet Union. For a decade after the Russian revolution, however, Vertov was a formative ﬁgure of cinema both in Russia and internationally. Although he became a ''nonperson'' in his home country's cinema history during the Communist era, he remained an enduring inspiration to avantgarde artists and to documentarians everywhere. Vertov headily mixed claims of art and science for documentary the essence of the ﬁlm medium for him. His dream was for ﬁlm industries to emphasize ''the 'unplayed' ﬁlm over the playﬁlm, to substitute the document for miseenscène, to break out of the proscenium of the theatre and to enter the arena of life itself.'' He saw the camera as ''the mechanical I... the machine showing the world as it is, which only I am able to see.'' The camera was a 38 cybernetic extension of the weak human capacity for sight; it could see panoramic vistas from great heights, peer into secondstory windows, go great distances. He believed, with many others, that Marxism was a new science of society. For him, the magniﬁcent science of the camera was to be merged with revolutionary Marxist analysis in the editing, to make a scientiﬁc tool of revolution, what he called a ''Communist decoding'' of the material. Thus, the power of machine was married to the power of ideology. A Jew in an antiSemitic country, the young Denis Kaufman gave himself the whimsical name Dziga Vertov (''spinning top'') while still in college. As a medical student at one of the few places that accepted Jews in the Europeoriented Petrograd (St. Petersburg), he imbibed the artistic culture of modernism. He encountered Futurism, an avantgarde movement that celebrated the new, the modern, and the machine. And he fell in love with the works of American poet Walt Whitman. Revolution gave him the opportunity to work on ''agittrains, '' which sent revolutionary propaganda to fronts of conﬂict. He worked on newsreels and edited dozens of editions (ten to twenty minutes long) of KinoPravda (1925), or Cinema Truth. The name echoed that of the party newspaper Pravda and also made a claim for documentary's power. The newsreels whisked viewers to farﬂung parts of the new Soviet Union, brought them news of political trials, showed them czarist tanks being redeployed to build public works, sports, accidents, anda favoriteelectriﬁcation. They celebrated the wonders of the urban, the modern, and the machine. 39 Deﬁning the Documentary Film was the ideal medium for the new communist society being born in Russia, he believed, because it captured the truths of real life, it did not lie to or distract people, and because it exempliﬁed the wondrous machinedriven modernism of which communism was the cutting edge. He disparaged what he called ''art'' ﬁlm, meaning ﬁction entertainment. Vertov was also an avantgarde artist, and that is his lasting identiﬁcation. Documentary Film They were shown throughout the country in front of ﬁction features, as well as in clubs and screenings in workplaces and rural areas. Vertov saw amazement and awe in the faces of peasants who had never seen a ﬁlm before. As he worked on the newsreels, Vertov came to see more and more exciting possibilities in the medium; he became an evangelist for the unplayed or documentary ﬁlm. He, his editor Elizaveta Svilova, who later became his wife, and his brother Mikhail Kaufman formed a ''Council of Three.'' The Council of Three gathered around them a group of devotees, calling themselves kinoks, or cinemaeyes. They issued provocative polemics and pronouncements such as ''WE: Variant of a Manifesto, '' which invited viewers away ''from the sweet embraces of romance, /from the poison of the psychological novel, /from the clutches of the theatre of adultery, /with our backsides to music, '' into ''the open, into four dimensions (three plus time)/in search of our own material, our own meter and rhythm.'' Although Vertov dogmatically asserted the scientiﬁc wonder of the cameraeye and its capacity for truthtelling beyond human dimensions, like Grierson and Flaherty he also argued that the human storyteller was critical: ''[I]t is not enough to show bits of truth on the screen, separate frames of truth. These frames must be thematically organized so that the whole is also a truth.'' Like Flaherty's ''innocent eye'' of the artist and Grierson's claim to ''creative treatment of actuality, '' Vertov's claim to the editor's right to organize the chaos of real life into a communist truth was permission for the ﬁlmmaker to do exactly what he wanted. Each of them made radical claims for the truthvalue of their work, all the while portraying the maker of this truthful rendering as an artist who needed the freedom to create. Vertov wanted to tell a story about the beauty of communist society, and the importance and nobility of the struggle and sacriﬁce to build it. He was more radical than many others at the 40 time, both in politics and art. Following Trotsky, he demanded a full nationalization and socialization of the economy. His ﬁrst documentary CinemaEye (KinoGlaz, 1924) announced itself to viewers as ''The ﬁrst exploration of/Life caught unawares/ The ﬁrst nonartiﬁcial cinema object/without/scenario/without/ actors or studio.'' In an intensely edited and hardtofollow whirligig of images, it decried the continuing evidence of capitalism and corruption in the economy. He made three more ﬁlms in quick succession, each pushing forward experiments in editing that used juxtaposition to make connections with actuality ﬁlm. A city symphony, Man with a Movie Camera used a dayinthelife format, bracketed by a theatrical conceit. The viewer entered with cinemagoers, and the ﬁlm ended as they departed. In between, the pixieish cinematographer used the camera's magic to take the viewer into intimate settings (a baby being born, a couple getting divorced), across great landscapes, into workplaces and gymnasia. The cinematographer and the editor played visual jokesspecial effects produced for the delight of display of the wonders of this new technology, which could reveal by representing. In the end, the ﬁlm commented as much on the power and pleasure of the ﬁlmmaker as it did on the extraordinary 41 Deﬁning the Documentary Vertov's work, so deliberately unconventional and challenging, intrigued and bafﬂed critics, irritated friends, and incited ﬁerce debate among ﬁlmmakers. He made many enemies, and he lost his Moscow job. His masterwork, Man with a Movie Camera, brought arguments to a head. With his wife and his cinematographer brother Michael, he created one of the most astonishing and provocative pieces of ﬁlm art of all time. It was intended to be a sweeping panorama of a transformed nation, where unconsciously the daily lives of ordinary people had become part of a magniﬁcent modernist poem. If Walt Whitman had heard America singing, Dziga Vertov heard the Soviet singing. Documentary Film achievements of the new Russian society. It was the practice that went along with Vertov's ﬁercely argued theory for the transcendent power of documentary ﬁlm, not only to record society but to see and imagine it differently than deemed possible by mere human beings. Its opening credits boasted its ambition: ''This experimental work is directed towards the creation of a genuine, international purely cinematic language, entirely distinct from the language of the theatre and literature.'' The work dazzled and delighted artists and critics worldwide, in part because its ambiguities so pleasurably piqued their curiosity and, of course, also reinforced the selfregard of artists. Russian audiences, who increasingly selected among entertaining comedies and dramas from regional ﬁlm industries as well as international popular ﬁlms, felt just the opposite; they complained they didn't know what it was about. The ﬁlm ruined Vertov's alreadyimperiled future within an increasingly rigid Soviet Union, where both artistic and political experimentation were suppressed. After a formally exhilarating experiment in sound, Enthusiasm or Symphony of the Don Basin (1931), Vertov found it hard to get work in the governmentcontrolled industry. His rigorous and relentless experimentalism had fallen out of favor, replaced by easytodigest platitudes. In his later years he was put to work editing tedious newsreels and documentaries in praise of Stalin. While Vertov's work generated enormous energy among artistic and political circles in the Soviet Union, it was not widely seen there. KinoGlaz (1924) was only shown once in public. Forward, Soviet! (1926) showed brieﬂy in three theaters, without publicity. One Sixth of the World (1926) was not shown on ﬁrstrun screens. The Eleventh Year (1928) played to thousands of Ukrainian viewers, and Man with a Movie Camera was shown nationally but not appreciated by general audiences. Film pioneer Sergei Eisenstein, who was an early admirer of Vertov, found himself increasingly exasperated by what he called Vertov's ''unmotivated camera mischief.'' (Vertov vigorously 42 argued back that Eisenstein needed to respect the power of actuality instead of faking reality in storytelling.) Vertov's reputation, smothered in the Soviet Union, was kept alive partly by the enthusiasm of Western artists. He was also an important ﬁgure to anticommunist writers such as Herbert Marshall, who chronicled his career as one of several ''crippled creative biographies'' of the USSR. His reputation was also revived by scholars, crucially including ﬁlm historian Jay Leyda, who witnessed the early years of Russian cinema, and ﬁlm scholar Annette Michelson, who published and analyzed Vertov's work in English. Vertov's challenges and his experiments have remained provocative for generations of avantgarde ﬁlmmakers: he 43 Deﬁning the Documentary 5. Russian revolutionary artist Dziga Vertov experimented with shocking formal techniques in Man with a Movie Camera. Directed by Dziga Vertov, 1929. Documentary Film imagined a ﬁlm form that transcended the strictures of narrative and naturalist storytelling. The kind of realism that Robert Flaherty chose, implicitly or explicitly telling a struggletosurvive story, was anathema to Vertov and to ﬁlmmakers who wanted to use art to shatter expectations of the status quo. His work and Eisenstein's were important to John Grierson, who was attracted to their claims that ﬁlm could serve social change. Filmmakers in the 1960s who broke free of what had become staged conventions in documentary ﬁlm adopted Vertov as a cultural hero. Martin Scorsese, having picked up Man with a Movie Camera at random in a video store, professed himself thrilled by the possibilities it opened up. Vertov's semicoherent, ambiguous but deliriously conﬁdent experiments continue to astonish spectators and inspire ﬁlmmakers. These three founding ﬁgures established three disparate sets of expectations among both ﬁlmmakers and viewers for documentary: ennobling entertainment (Flaherty), socially useful storytelling (Grierson), and provocative experiment (Vertov). Their names became synonymous with these approaches, and these three devolved into iconic ﬁgures for later documentarians. Cinema Verité Practices set in motion by the legendary trio of documentary founders were profoundly shaken up in the 1960s revolution that was variously called cinema verité, observational cinema, and direct cinema. This style broke dramatically with thenstandard documentary practices of advance planning, scripting, staging, lighting, reenactment, and interviewing. All these traditional approaches had accommodated the limitations of large, heavy 35mm equipment, and they were appropriate to audience expectations of the time. Cinema verité (to use a popular umbrella term) employed the far lighter 16mm technology made more popular and accessible after the military deployed it during the war. Cinema verité spoke in a fresh voice, often about different subjects. 44 Cinema verité ﬁlmmakers took lighter, 16mm equipment into places that had not been seen beforethe interiors of ordinary people's homes, on the dance ﬂoor with teenagers, back rooms in political campaigns, backstage with celebrities, on line with strikers, inside mental hospitalsand ﬁlmed what they saw. They took huge quantities of ﬁlmed footage into editing rooms, and through editing they found a story to tell. They used the innovation of sync (for ''synchronized'' ) soundfor the ﬁrst time they could record image and sound simultaneously in 16mm to overhear ordinary conversation, and they mostly did away with narration. Evolution This revolution in style began at a time of rising distrust among consumers of topdown media authority, perhaps seasoned by the public's experience of World War II propaganda and certainly by the rise of advertising as an international language of persuasion and the power of mass media. That distrust of media was itself imbedded in a much wider trend of social movements for justice, equality, political openness, and inclusion. These movements touched every corner of the world and resulted in the end of colonialism, changes in governments, and civil rights victories for 45 Deﬁning the Documentary Practitioners now span the ﬁeld, including ﬁlmmakers whose work antedates the movement, such as legendary French ﬁlmmaker Agnès Varda (The Gleaners and I [Les Glaneurs et la glaneuse], 2000), ﬁlmmakers whose work shapes current practice such as Britain's Kim Longinotto, and China's Wang Bing (West of Tracks [Tie Xi Qu], 2003), and emerging ﬁlmmakers. One demonstration of how commonly this style is picked up by aspiring ﬁlmmakers is the Steps for the Future project (2002). This international coproduction between South African national television (SABC) and several European public service televisions tackled the controversial topic of AIDS in southern Africa. Some thirtyeight ﬁlms resulted, most from ﬁrsttime ﬁlmmakers; most were made using cinema verité conventions. Documentary Film discriminatedagainst social groups ranging from lowstatus castes to women to disabled people. The ﬁrst inklings of this movement in fact had nothing to do with technology. Films that emerged from Britain's Free Cinema movement in the late 1950s are distinguished by ﬂouting the sober Griersonian mandate to educate and inform in the service of civic unity. Free Cinema literally freed itself from precisely that mandate. Lindsay Anderson's O Dreamland (1953) and Karel Reisz and Tony Richardson's Momma Don't Allow (1956) took viewers on a vacation with workingclass kids going to an amusement part and a jazz club. The ﬁlms did not implicitly judge their characters or dictate to viewers what to conclude from what they saw, nor did they tell viewers that what they were seeing was important. The ﬁlms were chances to peer into zestful moments of ordinary life and frank statements about the personal interests of the ﬁlmmaker. Other work took a strong rebellious moral stance, opposed to the status quo. For example, French ﬁlmmaker Georges Franju made Blood of the Beasts (Le sang des beˆtes, 1949) and Hôtel des Invalides (1952), proﬁling a slaughterhouse and a veterans' home, respectively. Blood of the Beasts exposed the cruelty behind the routine provisioning of meat and drew implicit comparisons between the slaughter of animals and that of people; the second was openly antimilitary and anticlerical. Filmmakers in Canada, the United States, and France quickly pushed technological innovation to promote a new way of doing documentary. TimeLife Broadcasting bankrolled experiments by Robert Drew, who worked with engineer D A Pennebaker, and ﬁlmmakers David and Albert Maysles and Richard Leacock. (Leacock had become hooked on documentary by working with Flaherty on Louisiana Story.) With the help of French documentarian and engineer JeanPierre Beauviola, these innovative ﬁlmmakers succeeded in developing a system that recorded simultaneous sound without requiring all the equipment to be linked together and to the subject. 46 In the United States, experiments bloomed, not always successfully. The Drew team followed an electoral battle between John Kennedy and Hubert Humphrey in Primary (1960). Bafﬂed ABC programmers refused to air it, saying it looked like ''rushes'' (the unedited day's footage); today, the ﬁlm looks carefully crafted, although it communicates a breathless immediacy, as Jeanne Hall has stated. The ABC television network continued to dabble in the form, although it freely recut the material to ﬁt the network's purposes. For instance, when Richard Leacock produced Happy Mother's Day (1963), a ﬁlm about the birth of quintuplets that revealed crass commercialism in the public celebration of the births, ABC recut the footage to turn it into a heartwarming story of a town uniting to help the family. (Leacock later released the original.) At the Canadian NFB, cinema veritéwhich began as a slap in the face of social moralismbecame a central style, ironically for a unit started by John Grierson. One of the pioneer ﬁlms was a portrait of teen idol Paul Anka, Lonely Boy (1961), which kicked off an entire category of backstage celebrity ﬁlms. The NFB's Challenge for Change programlaunched in 1966 by Colin Low and John 47 Deﬁning the Documentary Cinema verité (sometimes called direct cinema, observational cinema, or in Canada, candid eye, after a TV series) electriﬁed ﬁlmmakers with its possibilities. David and Al Maysles produced a series of striking feature documentaries that were celebrated in the artsrepertory circuit that was then a vital artery of ﬁlm culture. In Salesman (1969), the brothers followed a group of Bible salesmen, who were living the contradictions of the American dream, as they relentlessly hawked a sacred book. Film editor Charlotte Zwerin turned their footage into an American tragedy. It was a sad and evocative statement about the collapse of a dream, which was released at the height of social divisions in the country around the Vietnam war and cultural values. Although Salesman had sharp social overtones, most of the Maysles's work avoided political subjects. 6. Salesman, a classic of cinema vérité ﬁlmmaking, turned the hawking of Bibles into a parable about the American dream. Directed by Albert Maysles and David Maysles, 1968. Kemeny to encourage new voices and issues to surface in Canadian documentary, partly by training amateurs to use the camera adopted cinema verité as its natural language. Grierson, always eager to show his inﬂuence, immediately claimed that Challenge for Change was only following in his tradition of documenting social problems. Inside institutions Fred Wiseman, a Canadian lawyerturnedﬁlmmaker whose work was primarily done in the United States, produced work with a consistent, very different tone. His ﬁlm career exposing the lived experience of institutions began with Titicut Follies (1967), which took viewers inside a Massachusetts mental hospital. A high school, hospital, boot camp, zoo, ballet company, court, housing project, and state legislature are among the many subjects of his ﬁlms. They typically chronicle relationships that feature victims of impersonal, regimented social systems and the enforcers of those systems. The viewer never sees the ﬁlmmaker; there is no narration; the viewer simply enters the world of the institutionalized. And yet Wiseman, through sharply pointed editing and choices for subject matter, sits harshly in judgment on a system and society that treat human beings like problems to be managed. In Titicut Follies, it may have been this stern implicit 49 Deﬁning the Documentary Filmmakers worldwide seized upon the ﬂyonthewall opportunities provided by this approach. For instance, Nagisa Oshima produced for Japanese TV The Forgotten Imperial Army (1963), about Korean veterans of the Japanese army caught between Korea and Japan and without veterans' services. The renowned ﬁlmmaker Kon Ichikawa produced Tokyo Olympiad (1965), an ironic bow to German Leni Riefenstahl's exquisitely executed work for the Nazi government. Ichikawa closely observed athletes and made them not into emblems of the nation as Riefenstahl had, but into individuals struggling for their personal best. In India, the ''parallel cinema'' produced verité-style documentaries including S. Sukhdev's India 67 (1967). Documentary Film indictment that led the Massachusetts state authorities to ban the ﬁlm, even after it won awards; they argued that Wiseman had not gotten permission from enough people in the ﬁlm to legally represent them on screen. The ﬁlm may also have inﬂuenced the closing of the institution featured in the ﬁlm. Wiseman's work has since been shown regularly on American public TV, where it has been an important demonstration of public TV's claim to innovation and signiﬁcance. To see how differently a participantobservation approach on institutions may be used, one might contrast Titicut Follies's damning portrait with other ﬁlms focusing on mental institutions. One of the bestknown works of the Canadian documentarian Allan King, Warrendale (1967), let viewers spend time in a school for troubled young people. King's early hero had been Flaherty; King opposed the ''propaganda'' model of Grierson, which was so popular in Commonwealth countries. Grierson, he believed, had put the form into a ''political straitjacket.'' Warrendale's approach reﬂects his humanist outlook. Where Titicut is a place of horror, Warrendalean experiment King admiredappears both prison and refuge, where suffering people undertake their own tentative recoveries with assistance. King portrayed Warrendale as an imperfect organism composed of ﬂawed but mostly decent people. Finally, one might look at Thin (2006), which shows an American clinic dealing with eating disorders. Directed by photographer Lauren Greenﬁeld and produced by R. J. Cutler, a protégé of D A Pennebaker, the ﬁlm takes viewers inside the clinic for a season, sharing with viewers the perspectives of both patients and staff. Rather than the judgment of Wiseman or the empathy of King, it brings voyeuristic fascination to its subject. Provocation Some ﬁlmmakers used the new techniques to provoke as well as to observe, as Erik Barnouw noted. In France, Jean Rouch, an anthropologistﬁlmmaker who wanted to let subjects tell their own 50 stories, used new 16mm technology (in the process his team reﬁned sync sound innovations) to probe the consciousness of postwar, postcolonial Paris. His group borrowed the term ''cinema verité'' from Dziga Vertov's kinopravda, and they made Chronicle of a Summer (Chronique d'un Été, 1961). The small experiment reverberated among activistmakers. The French radical director Chris Marker used its techniques to challenge the French with questions such as ''Do you feel we live in a democracy?'' in The Lovely May (1963); Jan Apta, a Czech ﬁlmmaker, conducted an oncamera survey of young people about their dreams and hopes in Nejvetsi Prani (The Greatest Wish [1964]); in Opinião Publica (Public Opinion [1967]), Brazilian ﬁlmmaker Arnaldo Jabor recorded the perspectives of lowermiddleclass residents of Rio de Janeiroa voice not heard before in Brazilian ﬁlm and television. Controversy Cinema verité became a source of immense contention, partly because of the totalizing nature of its supporters' claims to truth. (Robert Drew blithely dismissed most previous documentaries with the simple word ''fake.'') In March 1963 at a ﬁlm conference in Lyons, France, ﬁlmmakers debated the new approach. Enthusiasts decried the paternalistic and didactic model of Griersonian documentary, and celebrated the integrity and accuracy of cinema verité. Others resisted. 51 Deﬁning the Documentary The ﬁlm records the interactions of a small group of young people, selected from codirector Edgar Morin's friends in a small, politically radical group. The friends conduct interviews with strangers on the street and ﬁlm their own conversations. A Holocaust survivor's story shocks African students, who in turn expose the daily racism of the metropole toward the colonials; a neurotic Italian woman searches in vain for ordinary happiness. Within the ﬁlm, characters comment on earlier parts of the ﬁlm, and the ﬁlmmakers debate the different approaches. Documentary Film The Dutch activist ﬁlmmaker Joris Ivens resented the implicit claim in the term ''cinema verité'' that not only did it tell the truth but earlier forms of documentary did not. He followed that the claim skimmed over such important questions as ''which truth and for whom? Seen by whom, and for whom?'' The fantastic capacities of lightweight equipment also ran the risk, he said, ''of skimming reality instead of penetrating it.'' And sometimes you needed to stop observing, he said, and ''make militant ﬁlms.'' The radical French director JeanLuc Godard charged that cinema verité advocates had chosen to deny themselves the beneﬁt of selection and reﬂection: ''Deprived of consciousness, thus, Leacock's camera, despite its honesty, loses the two fundamental qualities of a camera: intelligence and sensibility.'' Since then, debates have not stopped. Even the name for this approach has been contentious. Although Rouch had given cinema verité its name, he and other French ﬁlmmakers began calling their work ''direct cinema.'' Meanwhile in the UK, where direct cinema had originated, cinema verité became a catchall term, as it did in the in the United States, for anything that involved no narration, a handheld camera, and the capture of action. Some ﬁlmmakers reject the term, others the entire approach. ''Cinema verité is the cinema of accountants, '' German ﬁlmmaker Werner Herzog told D A Pennebaker. Fred Wiseman called his ﬁlms ''reality ﬁctions, '' arguing that he did not intend to represent reality objectively but to show what he saw and what he found interesting in that. Even this phrase was, he said, a ''parodypomposity term'' invented to poke fun at the pretensions of cinema verité. The American documentarian Errol Morris inveighed against cinema verité, for claiming ''that somehow if you juggle a camera around in your hands, sneak around in the corners of rooms and hide behind pillars, the Cartesian riddle will be solved as a result. That somehow epistemology will no longer play a role in what you do. That this is truth cinema, truth incarnate as revealed by a camera!'' Lindsay Anderson, one of the pioneers of Free 52 Cinema, believed that direct cinema was ''just an excuse for not being creative and being pretentiously journalistic.'' Critics have challenged the claim that ﬁlmmakers are showing unvarnished truth, even a subjective one. Jeanne Hall has shown how D A Pennebaker, in his pathbreaking verité portrait of Bob Dylan on tour, Dont Look Back, in fact carefully shaped the documentary to convey the ﬁlmmaker's own criticisms of the media. Thomas Benson and Carolyn Anderson charged that Fred Wiseman's ﬁlms involve a contradiction, since he plays the role of author, and has created a work full of meaning but then withholds his meaning from the audience, thus demystifying institutions but mystifying his own role. A. William Bluem explored the possibility that the very spontaneity and emotionality of verité can obscure perception. Others have pointed out that the approach can have effects opposite from the one that documentarians may hope for. Peter Davis's Middletown (1982), supposedly a summary of sociological research, ignored the research's conclusions in order to focus on crisis and peak moments in a season of the town's life. The cinema verité approach he chose, as Brian Winston mentioned, favored conﬂict in the daytoday rather than the sociological insights of 53 Deﬁning the Documentary Filmmakers who proudly call their work cinema verité still grapple with the question of what kind of truth cinema verité offers. Jean Rouch stated that the ﬁlmmaking process is ''a sort of catalyst which allows us to reveal, with doubts, a ﬁctional part of all of us, but which for me is the most real part of an individual.'' Canadian cinematographer and inventor Michel Brault neatly sidestepped the issue when he told critic Peter Wintonick, ''You can't tell the truth you can reveal.'' Canadian ﬁlmmaker Wolf Koenig (Lonely Boy) reverted to a familiar argument when he told Wintonick, ''Every cut is a lie but you're telling a lie to tell the truth.'' These many twists of phrase recall the wry comment of theorist Noël Carroll: ''Direct cinema opened a can of worms and then got eaten by them.'' Documentary Film the report. After 1968, the French radical ﬁlmmaker and theorist Guy Hennebelle argued that some seemingly transparent practicesfor instance, verité scenes of workers talking, which ﬁlm activists believed might mobilize them for revolutionary action could simply recapitulate the ''false consciousness'' of the workers themselves. ''It is better to admit frankly the manipulation and make it agreeable to the eye and the ear by making use of the whole arsenal of the cinema, '' he declared. The ethics of a verité ﬁlmmaker's relationship with the subject has often been raised. Filmmakers may inadvertently change the reality they ﬁlm, and they may agonize over how much to intervene. The makers of Kartemquin Films's Hoop Dreams (1994), tracked two, poor, African American families over more than ﬁve years and sometimes contributed to family income; they believed modest contributions were part of a goodfaith 7. Kartemquin Films used cinema verité to tell untold stories, including those of African American children (Hoop Dreams, 1994). Produced by Kartemquin Films. 54 relationship with the struggling families. The mother of the Loud family bemoaned that her family might never live down the publicity given to them in An American Family (1973), and indeed the Loud family continued to be targets of unwanted attention for decades. When the Maysles brothers ﬁlmed a concert of the Rolling Stones for the ﬁlm that became Gimme Shelter (1970), the Hell's Angels were paid to keep order. But an altercation with a fan resulted in a death, which the ﬁlm team captured on ﬁlm, to some amount of criticism. Terry Zwigoff 's Crumb (1995) exposed the private lives of the psychologically disturbed family of cartoonist R. Crumb for theatrical entertainment; Zwigoff had the consent of Crumb and his family, but some questioned the ability of the more disturbed family members to provide that consent. 55 Deﬁning the Documentary Cinema verité is no longer revolutionary. It is the default language for music documentaries, and for all kinds of behindthescenes and themakingof documentaries; it is part of the DNA of cop shows and docusoaps and part of the credibility apparatus of reality TV shows. It is built into expectations for grassroots video projects to expand expression, such as the BBC's Video Diaries project of the 1990s. The career of British ﬁlmmaker Nick Broomﬁeld, whose sensationalist peerings into the lives of the famous and notorious are internationally successful, has depended on it. Cinema verité techniques are commonly used in political advertisements, to lend freshness and credibility. The approach has lost its novelty but not its ability to convince viewers that they are present, watching something unconstructed and uncontrovertibly real. Chapter 2 Subgenres We have established that documentary is a ﬁlm genre in which a pledge is made to the viewer that what we will see and hear is about something real and trueand, frequently, important for us to understand. The ﬁlmmaker must, however, use a wide range of artiﬁce in order to assert that claim, and many of them do their work in a commercial or semicommercial environment that constrains their choices. As documentary has evolved, so have standards, habits, conventions, and clichés around how ﬁlmmakers do their work. We now turn to several subgenres to see how differently ﬁlmmakers have addressed the problems of representing reality within various subject areas. Public Affairs A good place to start looking at documentary's many subgenres is the public affairs documentary, which survives in the public television science series Nova, specials on such issues as poverty, government welfare programs, corporate corruption, and health care, and other public service programs. Such documentaries typically undertake an investigative or problemoriented approach, feature sober exposition with narration and sometimes a host, 56 make liberal use of background footage or broll, and focus on representative individuals as they exemplify or illustrate the problem. They promise an authoritative, often socialscientiﬁc view of an issue, speaking as professional journalists on behalf of a public affected by the problem. This has been a socially inﬂuential and aesthetically durable form, which grew out of the early experiences of documentary makers and in the traditions of journalists. It is also the source of many viewers' expectations of objectivity and sobriety in documentary, and the reason why so many are surprised by the wide variety of work produced in the short history of documentary. Public affairs documentaries evolved as a more seasoned, thoughtful version of newsa kind of feature magazine to the news' headlines. For Fred Friendly, the legendary producer who worked with Edward R. Murrow and later became a leader of public television, the job was ''interpretation, background and understanding at a time when comprehension is falling behind the onrush of events.'' The men and (much less frequently) women who produced these documentaries saw themselves as journalists, often investigative journalists. They believed in the role of journalism as a Fourth Estate: a watchdog on power. At the same 57 Subgenres The broadcast TV public affairs documentary had its heyday from the mid1950s to the mid1980s, largely on commercial television. Major funders of public affairs documentaries were broadcasting companies, which produced these ﬁlms in order to win prizes and prestige, to justify their use of airwaves they got licenses for from government, and as part of public service mandates explicitly imposed by regulators. As television became the primary vehicle by which people learned about the world beyond their own experience, the power of television broadcasters to affect public opinionand therefore elite decision makinggrew. And as it expanded, broadcast executives became evermore implicated in elite politics. time, cautious executive producers needed high ratings to survive and were acutely aware of close scrutiny by powerful politicians, who held the ability to revoke licenses and mandates. Documentary Film History and culture The advent of television in the 1950s dramatically changed the opportunities and challenges for documentarians. Early documentaries had been made by ﬁlmmakers; now people ﬂooded into television from radio and print journalism. The BBC launched Special Enquiry (195257) and Panorama, which continues. Granada TV, a British commercial channel, launched World in Action (196398). In the United States, the three networks each had series: CBS's See It Now (195158), followed in 1959 by CBS Reports, and NBC's White Paper, followed later by ABC's CloseUp! (196063). The Australian Broadcasting Corporation launched Chequerboard (197072), and Four Corners, which is still running. Because they were produced in series through major news and information outlets, such public affairs documentaries implicitly asserted that the topics they covered were the most important topics of the day. The public affairs documentary series has been threatened by nearly every business development in television. Growing audiences raised the ratings stakes, and competition from the advent of multichannel cable television, satellites, and the Internet made it everharder to justify high budgets. Deregulation and privatization vastly reduced public interest obligations. In the 1970s and 1980s, U.S. networks dropped series and turned to specials, sometimes outsourcing them to freelancers ranging from Hollywoodcentric David Wolper to scruffy independent Jon Alpert. The 1970s also saw the rise of newsmagazines, such as 60 Minutes and 20/20. These highly formatted shows further undercut television public affairs documentary, while drawing on their prestige. Producer Tom Spain, who started out working on 58 Twentieth Century under Richard Paley's CBS, believed that the ''good days''what others called the ''golden age''ended ''when 60 Minutes started to make money... we thought of ourselves as, maybe, Mr. Paley's kennel full of wellbred dogshe could show us off, have us do tricks, and be a kind of loss leader.'' By the 1990s, public affairs documentary on the ''golden age'' model was a rarity on commercial television everywhere. Public service television continued to produce highend public affairs documentaries, but producers also began searching for ways to make signiﬁcant work on much lower budgets and with different models. For instance, in the United States the public affairs series Frontline, always an innovator, continued to produce its prestigious programs and also experimented with lowbudget programs, sometimes showcased on the World Wide Web, produced with the latest digital equipment. Public television in the United States was born, in part, out of the frustration of large foundation executives with the limits of public affairs documentary on commercial television. The Ford Foundation bankrolled an effort that found traction in the White House; by 1967 an entity had been created to channel federal funds (never to become more than a ﬁfth of public television's funding, however) to hundreds of local stations throughout the country. The foundation funded controversial documentaries, including Banks and the Poor (1970), which criticized bank lending policies that excluded whole neighborhoods. One of the lenders criticized was a major donor to Richard Nixon's presidential campaign. Nixon waged war on public affairs on public television and was stopped only by impeachment. The experience left station managers leery of all public affairs. Foundations funded documentarians who could negotiate the anxieties of the Public Broadcasting Service and its member stations. Expert journalists such as Bill Moyers, Roger Weisberg, Hedrick Smith, and Alvin Perlmutter executed heavily researched 59 Subgenres Public TV and highly professional works on large topics such as education, gentriﬁcation, and even death and dying. Investigative journalism on timely political topics was more controversial and even harder to fund. As cheaper production fueled a dissident generation in the 1970s, independent producers organized to insist on space on public television. Series such as Frontline, which featured investigative journalism, and P.O.V., which showcased work in a personal voice, resulted. In 1991, independent producers eventually succeeded in dedicating federal funds within public television for the Independent Television Service, which largely produces documentaries. Documentary Film Inﬂuence and signiﬁcance Network public affairs documentaries often have attracted enormous attention. Intense controversy circulated around the several episodes of See It Now in which Edward R. Murrow challenged the antidemocratic intimidation of Communist witch hunts, and he ﬁnally took on Sen. Joseph McCarthy, one of the most publicityhogging of the witchhunters. (The 2005 feature ﬁlm Good Night, and Good Luck draws on this history.) The 1968 CBS Reports program ''Hunger in America'' exposed the failures of the federal welfare system and generated so much public reaction that the Senate held a hearing and funds for the programs were increased. The Defense of the United States (1980), a terrifying CBS documentary on U.S. nuclear military policy, was widely seen in Europe and may have soured European governments on U.S. military plans. The work of British ﬁlmmaker Adrian Cowell for British commercial television on Brazilian rainforest devastation the Decade of Destruction series (198090)informed a successful campaign by nongovernmental organizations to reform World Bank environmental policies. The BBC documentary The Power of Nightmares (2004) by Adam Curtis, which argued that the rise of Muslim fundamentalists had been aided by neoconservative zealots in the United States, raised an international uproar. 60 At the same time, broadcasters have often avoided being on the bleeding edge of an issue. Ed Murrow waited a full two years, for example, before he took on McCarthy. The BBC hesitated to show The Power of Nightmares and initially aired it without publicity. Until the later 1960s, the U.S. networks studiously avoided the Vietnam War; they also avoided any recognition of documentaries done around the world, including in Cuba and Vietnam, on the subject. Several Canadian documentaries by internationally renowned broadcast journalists such as Michael Maclear and Beryl Fox were not shown in the United States, presumably because executives chose not to rufﬂe politicians' feathers or because they themselves participated in the same social circles and internalized the political elite's distaste for dissent. As antiwar protest and public opinion grew, U.S. networks gathered more courage. In 1971 CBS aired The Selling of the Pentagon, sometimes regarded as the apex of this kind of public affairs documentary. It revealed the extent of the U.S. military's public relations machinery and even criticized the network's own (occasional) complicity. The airing drew so much attention including outrage from the administration and the Pentagonthat a second broadcast drew higher ratings than the ﬁrst. The 61 Subgenres CBS's Morley Safer's Vietnam (1967) ﬁnally broke the silence, with uncommented but damning footage showing a war far different from the one represented by the government, and this ﬁlm seemed to open up possibility. CBS commissioned the British journalist Felix Greene to make a ﬁlm about North Vietnam, but the network then apparently lost courage and canceled the contract. However, the new public broadcasting service picked up the show. Greene's Inside North Vietnam (1968) showed a determined, even happy people, whose nationalist ambitions reminded some reviewers of American colonists' aspirations. The ﬁlm outraged some congressional representatives, one of whom threatened to cut funding for public television. Documentary Film Pentagon withdrew some of the public relations materials criticized in the reporting. Independent ﬁlmmakers meanwhile made very different work, which was not broadcast. Their work often eschewed the soberly objective stance and claim to comprehensiveness of broadcast documentaries. Antiwar activists used Michael Rubbo's Canadian documentary Sad Song of Yellow Skin (1969), in which the small crew followed three U.S. journalists around Saigon, to mobilize support for their cause. Emile de Antonio created an analytic history of the Vietnam War as a continuation of imperialist policy in In the Year of the Pig (1968), which was shown in theaters. In 1974 Peter Davis, who had produced The Selling of the Pentagon, made Hearts and Minds, a pointed, heartbreaking document showing what Davis believed was the betrayal of fundamental U.S. beliefs and ideals in the Vietnam War. Where the CBS ﬁlm had been a tough and damning piece of reporting, Hearts and Minds was an expression of grief and rage. Conventions and criticisms The differences in style and tone between Selling and Hearts speak to the conventions of public affairs documentaries. Network documentaries were highly crafted, institutional products. They were professionally produced, using lighting, editing, and scripting techniques drawn from Hollywood ﬁlmmaking. The personalities, and sometimes even the names, of the producers who were responsible for them were absorbed into the broadcast network's institutional identity, represented by the host. The producers developed a range of conventions to communicate authority, accessibility, balance, accuracy, and signiﬁcance. They usually used an interviewer/host who could register both authority and accessibility. Ed Murrow was a model, with his rolledup sleeves, cigarette, and somber tones, surrounded by TV equipment and the aura that his radio reputation cast. His demeanor communicated knowledge without elitism. The programs used 62 plenty of broll and symbolic material, and as the tempo of TV picked up they began to use interview footage as story elements, clipping out remarks and inserting them into the story line. Sound was king; both narration and soundtrack led the viewer through the analysis. Network public affairs documentaries in the precable era were highly inﬂuential, but they also opened wounds. In rural Appalachia, which was the focus of several network documentaries on poverty and inequality, many resented becoming ''poverty'' poster children and believed their cultural values had been slighted. At the same time a regional arts center, Appalshop, had been started with federal funds from Lyndon Johnson's Great Society initiative. Documentaries exploring the hill culture of the region became its priority. Stranger with a Camera (2000), made by one of the Appalshop founders, Elizabeth Barret, reveals the 63 Subgenres Thus, it was a shock to U.S. network executives when Life photographer Robert Drew and his team in 1959 proposed to ABC an entirely different way of making public affairs documentaries. Using more lightweight, mobile equipment, capturing events rather than interviews, they promised viewers a ﬂyonthewall individual experience rather than an institutional analysis. Programmers tried it, with grave doubts. Gradually, cinema verité inﬂuences appeared in network public affairs, without overthrowing the craftedandnarrated approach. The BBC and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation also tried out observational public affairs documentaries, also without abandoning the analytically crafted model. New formats appeared. In 1964 the British commercial channel Granada TV daringly aired Seven Up, the beginning of a series in which children of different socioeconomic status in the same classroom were followed at sevenyear intervals throughout their lives. The series contained elements both of observation and concern for grassroots experience of verité and the narration, interview, and problemorientation of the established public affairs documentary. Documentary Film longterm ethical reverberations for locals and mediamakers; the ﬁlm highlights a 1967 incident when a cantankerous landowner, angry at media outsiders, shot a liberal Canadian photojournalist associated with television public affairs. The network television documentary has been examined more by journalists and journalism scholars than by cinema studies scholars. (This might be in part because the subgenre's corporate identity complicates the directorfocused, auteurist approach of many ﬁlm scholars.) The Australian independent broadcast journalist John Pilger argued passionately that the muchvaunted impartiality of traditional TV documentary ''is the expression of a middleclass consensus politics'' that privileges power. Instead, he proposed, journalists should vigorously be watchdogs on power and defenders of the public interest. The conventions of public affairs broadcast journalism have been analyzed by communications scholars. Thomas Rosteck has shown how See It Now's McCarthy coverage was cannily constructed to prejudice the Senator while seeming to be balanced and objective. Richard Campbell analyzed the format of the newsmagazines that provided a shrunken version of public affairs documentaries' mission, noting that 60 Minutes episodes are structured like detective stories. The newsmagazines thus cannot tackle issues that fall outside the detective story model and cannot be resolved by ''ﬁnding the villain.'' Most social problems, from global warming to trafﬁc jams, are in general not the fault of one bad guy. The public affairs documentary has lost its most muniﬁcent patrons, the oldstyle commercial network and national broadcasters; both face brutal competition that lowers budgets. The role of the authoritative broadcast journalist is also coming into question. Still, the style of the crafted, narrated, hosted documentary, positing an important concern to be investigated and understood and featuring a wellknown, trustworthy host, remains a sturdy model. It continues to be a default choice in broadcast journalism worldwide, and it is also often imitated in 64 work produced by and for nonproﬁt organizations striving for legitimacy and authority on any speciﬁc topic. Government Propaganda At the other end of the spectrum from the claims of public affairs documentary, which rests for authority on its journalistic expertise, is government propagandaan important source of funding and training for documentarians worldwide and sometimes a powerful inﬂuence on public opinion. Documentaries were used by governments to inﬂuence public opinion from the origins of ﬁlm. As warfare moved to the model of ''total war'' in World War I, governments used media to motivate their own troops, mobilize their own civilians, and convince others of their might. The British documentary The Battle of the Somme (1916), which succeeded with British audiences in theaters largely because it showed actual battle footage, is a wellknown example. After World War I, governments worldwide saw documentary as a new and potent tool. The Nazi party in Germany, rising to power in 1933, consolidated control over production, distribution, and exhibition of all ﬁlms. Its political legitimacy was directly fed by 65 Subgenres Propaganda documentaries are made to convince viewers of an organization's point of view or cause. These ﬁlms peddle the convictions not of the ﬁlmmaker but of the organization, although some makers fully support the cause. Although such work might be generated by anyone, including advertisers and activists, the term ''propaganda'' is more often connoted with governments. Documentaries have been valuable to governments precisely because of their claims to truthfulness and ﬁdelity to real life. The height of importance for propaganda documentary was in the period before, during, and immediately after World War II, when ﬁlm was the dominant audiovisual medium. Documentary Film propaganda. In Japan, the government in 1939 passed a law requiring ﬁlmmakers to hew to the government line and required theaters to show documentaries in every ﬁlm program. The following year, the government forced a merger of leading news ﬁlm companies to foster conformity of message in order to promote uniformity of behavior. The nascent Soviet government nationalized all media, in service of state agendas. The 1920s saw tremendous artistic ferment, as Dziga Vertov's career showed, followed by collapse into grim Stalinist socialist realism. Propaganda agencies were created in Britain and the United States, but they had to negotiate with commercial producers, distributors, and exhibitors to get messages to their own citizens, except for members of the armed forces. Britain created a Ministry of Information, which was riddled with contradictory policies from the start. The U.S. Ofﬁce of War Information was never fully supported by President Roosevelt, and each wing of the armed forces controlled its own propaganda production. American propaganda production also ran into opposition from Hollywood, where studios checked every attempt to create government products that might infringe upon business. In Britain, Grierson's teams created some of critics' most treasured and troubling documentaries. Basil Wright's Song of Ceylon (1934) is an excellent example. It not only romanticized precolonial life in one of Britain's key teaproducing areas but also celebrated the impressive industrial process by which tea arrived at Britons' kitchens. It thus glamorized tea drinking, as William Guynn has noted, making the act a participation in a nostalgic view of an exotic culture, while also celebrating the energy and power of Britain. Roosevelt's New Deal ameliorated economic crisis with shocking new government investmentand intrusioninto the lives of citizens, a change that called for persuasion. Different agencies employed documentarians, often drawing from the pool of 66 radicalized artists who had been producing activist documentaries. The biggest of these was the Resettlement Administration, where writer and analyst Pare Lorentz became the producer of several celebrated documentaries. Lorentz strove to make works of art in the service of state objectives he profoundly believed in, as did Grierson in Britain and Vertov in the Soviet Union. His projects showed the inﬂuence of European and Soviet artists' debates. They used sound as an independent element, not merely for background; they created associations through visual and auditory poetry; they echoed the look of city symphonies. Each of the Lorentz ﬁlms negotiated between the oftenradical analyses of ﬁlmmakers and ofﬁcial directives. William Alexander stated that Lorentz softened social analysis, particularly ﬁngerpointing at greedy capitalists. The ﬁlms that Lorentz made or supervised became classics among ﬁlm students for their bold artistic experiment. They retain fascination for historians because they capture a moment when governments worldwide werefor good or illsuddenly taking on enormous social and physical engineering projects. 67 Subgenres The Plow that Broke the Plains (1936), charged with encouraging public support for relief programs of the Resettlement Administration (later the Farm Security Administration), was a rueful look backward at the process by which people's choices had destroyed the ecology of the central plains and resulted in mass migration. Hollywood businesses refused to share footage with Lorentz, and major distributors refused to carry the ﬁlm in their theaters, but independent theaters turned it into a minor hit. The River (1937) poetically argued the need for government intervention in water management and conservation by looking at the destructive power of the Mississippi; Lorentz sometimes called it an ''opera.'' Paramount distributed it and actually made money, but studios remained hostile to government ﬁlmmaking. Different goals, different styles Documentary Film A comparison of three government propaganda documentaries shows how propaganda differs according to the government mandate and the cultural context as well as the artist. Three ﬁlmmakers chose three different stylistic approaches to the challenge of shaping viewers' ideology with reality. The German ﬁlmmaker Leni Riefenstahl's Triumph of the Will (1935) was an excellent exempliﬁcation of the goal of Nazi ﬁlm propaganda: to conﬂate Hitler with the nation, and to represent the party and later the state as a totalized, uniﬁed, and irresistible force. Documentaries were only one of a wide range of symbolic tools to achieve that aim. That symbolic power, which Riefenstahl employed so well, was intended to impress supporters and intimidate others, including foreign enemies. Made to document the 1934 rally of the Nazi party and funded by the German national studio UFA, Triumph of the Will is a spectacularly choreographed representation of an already spectacularly choreographed event. It visually deiﬁes Hitlerthe opening scene shows him arriving from the clouds. It represents the German people as a highly disciplined, worshipful mass, acting with one purpose: to serve Hitler as an equivalent of the nation. With its shots of euphoric faces idolizing Hitler, telescoped crowd scenes inspiring awe, swelling orgasmic music, and shots of individuals young and old all sharing the same actions and emotions, the ﬁlm makes political union, as Frank Tomasulo noted, positively sexy. Although it chronicles a political rally, the ﬁlm carefully steers clear of political debate. The ﬁlm is about the emotional thrill of belonging, of being part of something grandly historic. As World War II began, the British had an entirely different challenge from that of the Germans. The ''People's War'' would be won by a mobilized population, but the nation had almost lost the 68 war in the ﬁrst attack. Britons needed conﬁdence in their own abilities to resist. British propaganda, after a rocky and preachy start and heavy censorship, developed a reputation for honesty and truthtellinggiving Britons the real facts, real battle scenes, real war news, and real people. Grierson's teams made dozens of documentaries. Perhaps the ﬁlm that best exempliﬁes the British propaganda approach of celebrating ordinary people's ability to maintain their culture under pressure is Listen to Britain (1942) by Humphrey Jennings. An upperclass artist, he created several wellknown wartime documentaries, all of them marked by a fascination with small but telling detail. He worked in Listen to Britain, as he did in others, with the brilliant editor Stewart McAllister. Some have argued that Jennings cynically played upon the myth that a classriven Britain happily united around the war challenge, and others have said rather that he subtly pointed up the realities of class tensions in his contrasting images. However you read the work, Jennings produced a highly popular, short ﬁlm that evoked a shared understanding among Britons that they would uncomplainingly do what it took to win, without giving up who they were. His approach was appropriate to the kind of message he wanted to deliver. His disarming method was to appear not to be propagandizing at all. 69 Subgenres Listen to Britain is a visual poem, seen through glimpses of everyday moments in a Britain on constant guard for planes and bombs. The viewer seemingly overhears the continuing sounds of daily lifechildren dancing in a courtyard, a chorus of a traditional song by ambulance workers, an upperclass recital, an American GI teaching ''Home on the Range'' to his Allied colleaguesas the camera wanders through streets and peers into rooms. Briefcaseladen men pick their way through rubblestrewn, bombed streets on their way to work; women take on surveillance duties uncomplainingly. Documentary Film The United States faced still different challenges. The federal government had no freestanding propaganda ministry or documentary production unit. The Americans entered the war belatedly, and many people in the United States resisted support for the Allies until the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor. Moreover, young men who were mobilized for the armed forces often came from farms or small towns and had shallow educations; they had no idea why they were supposed to risk their lives. The hallmark work of U.S. war propaganda was the Why We Fight (1943) series, produced by noted Hollywood director (and Sicilian immigrant) Frank Capra for the Army's Information and Education division. It addressed both isolationists and the ignorant. Commissioned by the U.S. Army, the eightpart series was designed to explain to American troops why the country was involved in this war. Capra drew on the ﬁlm work of the U.S. Signal Corps, and he freely used his Hollywood connections. The key to his project, though, was the work of other nations' propagandists especially the work of Riefenstahl. He interwove images from Hollywood ﬁlms (after overcoming studio resistance), animated maps from the Disney studios, U.S. Army footage, and enemy propaganda turned into a portrayal of danger. Riefenstahl's ability to overwhelm the German viewer was, reinvented through American eyes, a sound to alarm. The Why We Fight series is a set of didactic, emotionally powerful arguments for U.S. involvement in the war. The style is jaunty, conﬁdent, even brash, drawing on the American popular culture of newspapers, radio, and ﬁlm that was then the staple media diet of young Americans. Political arguments are simpliﬁed, sometimes into falsity. No mention of segregation, for instance, creeps into the rosy portrait of American democracy. Capra brought his trademark populist sentiment for ''the American way of life'' to the project. The contemporary political crisis was put in the context of American populist and democratic values meshed with the quality 70 of smalltown, neighborhood life. He had little control over the overt political messages, which were set by military ofﬁcers. These three ﬁlmmakers used radically different stylesdazzling spectacle, deliberate understatement, forthright direct address. Their work reﬂects distinct cultural contexts as well as political missions. The ﬁlmmakers shared, however, a core strategy: to link the present crisis to what viewers could see as their enduring values and cultural heritage. Effectiveness Propaganda ﬁlms also have lacked the appeal of commercial ﬁction ﬁlms. During World War II, propaganda ﬁlms were more often shown in nontheatrical screenings than in theaters. In Japan, where documentaries were mandated, wartime studies showed that the documentaries attracted relatively few women. In Germany Triumph of the Will, despite the Hitlerian state's unsubtle promotion of it to theater owners, often ran for only one week in theaters because of small audiences. The ﬁlm did not seem to improve public opinion soured by bad economic news and alarm over Nazi antiSemitic extremism. The achievement of Triumph of the Will may have been at a deeper level not reﬂected in polls; it associated the newcomer Nazis with deep cultural and historical traditions. 71 Subgenres Are propaganda documentaries effective? Nicholas Reeves, drawing on rich literature on media effects, has concluded that these ﬁlms, like the propaganda efforts of governments generally, succeeded where they were able to reinforce beliefspropaganda ﬁlms have never been very effective at changing public opinion. Claims for the power of any one piece of propaganda to poison or control the minds of viewers seem universally to be overstated. At the same time, each documentary forms part of a larger picture of persuasion and agendasetting, creating expectations and gradually redrawing mental maps of what is normal. Documentary Film 8. Triumph of the Will provided propaganda not only for the Nazis but also, when recut, for the Allies. Directed by Leni Riefenstahl, 1935. In Britain, ''people's war''themed documentaries lasted longer in theaters than more timely and preachy propaganda. Humphrey Jennings's 1940 London Can Take It was the ﬁrst box ofﬁce success. It featured an American journalist's reporting, with the underlying motif that Germans cannot ''kill the unconquerable spirit and courage of the people of London.'' Listen to Britain was another audience success, but it was an exception. Documentaries were also taken on the road, with 16mm projectors for organized screenings. In the United States, Capra's series was shown to just about every soldier at home and abroad. Studies showed that the ﬁlms affected soldiers' opinions both immediately after viewing and later. With their uncomplicated celebration of the Allies, the ﬁlms 72 were also popular with British and Russian governments, which ordered them shown in theaters. The series was less successful in U.S. theaters. Theater owners did not want to show the Why We Fight series, in part because of bad experiences with documentaries, and in part because the series reused much materialespecially newsreelsthat had already been shown in theaters. Viewers do not surrender easily to propaganda they can identify. Triumph of the Will could be used by so many for counterpropaganda so effectively because its command over the viewer is imperial; it became a visual demonstration of the will to conquer and crush. One of the reasons Listen to Britain has remained so beloved is because it creates the impression among viewers that it is not attempting to control their minds but inviting them in to observe a reality. The work of Akira Iwasaki, as recalled by Erik Barnouw, is an ironic tale of propaganda redeployed and suppressed. Having been forced to work as a ﬁlmmaker for the Japanese government during World War II, Iwasaki had the equipment and skills to record the aftermath of the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The U.S. occupation government, however, soon conﬁscated and classiﬁed his work. When the work was declassiﬁed, Erik Barnouw produced 73 Subgenres Results of a propaganda ﬁlm can be far different from expected, as the reuse of Riefenstahl's work has shown. The American Hollywood director John Huston made a wartime ﬁlm for the American armed forces, The Battle of San Pietro (1945), to inform Americans of the need for the highcasualty ﬁghting in Italy. Because it was so graphic, the government chose not to use his ﬁlm during the war for fear of alarming the populace, although it reversed its decision after the war's end. The ﬁlm, with its unique battle photography, has been used since by antiwar activists, among others, to demonstrate the high human cost of war. a short, powerfully moving ﬁlm, HiroshimaNagasaki, August 1945. When Iwasaki saw the ﬁlm, he saw his own footage on the screen for the ﬁrst time. Ethics Documentary Film If documentary pledges to show viewers a goodfaith representation of reality, can an honest ﬁlmmaker produce propaganda and really call it a documentary? Many broadcast journalists would regard it as careerdestroying to take a government contract. Independent ﬁlmmakers likewise prize their autonomy from government dictates and censorship. At the same time, many ﬁlm production companies make their bread and butter producing training and promotional documentaries for governments, although this is generally regarded as unglamorous work. Filmmakers in the World War II era often believed they had not only a right but an obligation to produce propaganda. John Grierson thought that intellectuals had an obligation to work for a strong and uniﬁed but still open society. As he explained at the time, ''Simply put, propaganda is education. The 'manipulation' in our ﬁlms combines aesthetics with ideas of democratic reform. We are medicine men hired to mastermind. We are giving every individual a living conception of the community which he has the privilege to serve.'' Compromise was both a harsh reality and a privilege. ''The ﬁrst rule of ﬁlmmaking is don't pistolwhip the hand that holds the wallet, '' he once said about the absence of class conﬂicts in his government projects. Frank Capra saw no contradiction in working for the U.S. Army, although he was often exasperated by the difﬁculties and frustrated by conﬂicting demands from military authorities. Capra proudly put his talents in the service of ﬁghting fascism as did other leading Hollywood talents, some of whom had leftwing political beliefs and who saw fascism as the primary threat to a more socially just future. After the war, scriptwriter Budd Schulberg produced a 74 series of documentaries promoting the Marshall Plan for European consumption. On the other hand and on the losing side, Leni Riefenstahl, who spent four years in a deNaziﬁcation program after World War II, found that her association with Hitler tainted her for the rest of her life. She tried to argue that she was simply making art, not propaganda, but that she was forced to make propaganda. Until she died at the age of 101 in 2003, she insisted that she had never been a Nazi, that she had little option but to work for Hitler, and that she merely produced the most beautiful work she could under the circumstances. Legacy Government propaganda organizations started in wartime have blossomed in peacetime. The National Film Board of Canada began as a wartime endeavor. Japanese government support for World War II propaganda ﬁlms greatly expanded the capacity of the industry, and readied it for postwar, privately capitalized production. One generation's propaganda is another's treasure trove. Deep archives of newsreels, documentary, training, and other actuality 75 Subgenres Propaganda, also known as disinformation, public diplomacy, and strategic communication, continues to be an important tool for governments. But standalone documentary is no longer an important part of public relations campaigns aimed at the general public. Government propaganda has been the object of attention by documentarians, though, as in the broadcast public affairs documentary The Selling of the Pentagon, Jayne Loader and Kevin and Pierce Rafferty's The Atomic Café (1982), which is a sardonic look at government propaganda about the nuclear age, and Robert Stone's Radio Bikini (1987) about the extraordinary U.S. government public relations campaign around the ﬁrst Hbomb explosion. Documentary Film footage became a resource for later compilation ﬁlms and TV series. For example, the American network TV series Victory at Sea (195253) drew heavily on navy ﬁlming. World War IIthemed documentaries on cable channels have depended on public domain, government footage from World War II. Private businesses have ﬂourished by cataloguing and indexing U.S. government materials. The Prelinger Archives also makes government ﬁlms available in a free, downloadable digital form off the Internet. Although documentary ﬁlms are no longer primary vehicles for government propaganda, governments continue to invest in ﬁlm and video for a very different purpose: surveillance. This ubiquitous practice can become fodder for documentarians as well. In Eastern Europe, after the fall of the Berlin wall in 1989, government archives became raw material for documentary ﬁlms reexamining history. In the Polish ﬁlmmaker Piotr Morawski's The Secret Tapes (2002), secret police ﬁlmmakers recalled their jobs, voicing over footage from an accidentally abandoned carton of ﬁlm. The ﬁlm's sly humor comes from the ﬁlmmakers' evident nostalgia for their former jobs. Peruvian intelligence minister Vladimiro Montesinos's records of his illegal bribes were ultimately shown on television and resulted in Sonia Goldenberg's acidic documentary Eye Spy (2002). Propaganda documentaries put a spotlight on the problems of representing reality built into the documentary genre. They use the same techniques as documentaries made for any other purpose. Like other documentaries, they are designed to show the viewer something the viewer can believe is true; the realities they show ﬁt into an ideological context that gives the ﬁlms meaning. They are not necessarily made in bad faith. Indeed, often the makers are patriots who see themselves contributing to the public good with their skills. They might even be truthful, or at least show a reality that the ﬁlmmaker believes to be true. 76 Propaganda documentaries differ from other documentaries in their backers, who are agents of the statethe social institution that sets and enforces the rules of society, ultimately through force. Those backers control the message. Those differences ramify the signiﬁcance of propaganda documentaries, since the portrayal of reality is backed by such enormous power. These documentaries dramatically demonstrate that no documentary is a transparent window onto reality, and that all meaningmaking is motivated. They also remind us of the importance of examining the conditions of production of any cultural expression. Advocacy Documentaries produced for political causes, by advocates and activists, raise similar issues as government propaganda documentaries, but they operate in a different context. By contrast, in an open society civil society organizations' promotion of their own perspectives (with a few exceptions such as treason and obscenity) is regarded as contributing to a vital public sphere. The greater the activity of a wide range of civil society organizations in expressing their perspectives and appealing to a public to engage with them, the healthier a society is seen to be. American law in particular is anchored in the First Amendment, which endorses the idea that, as Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis put it, the remedy for bad speech is more speech. 77 Subgenres What distinguishes an advocacy ﬁlm like one in the American Civil Liberties Union's Freedom Files or in the Sierra Club Chronicles (both at aclu.tv) from propaganda like Frank Capra's wartime work? Both of them are created by producers for organizations in order to promote the agenda of the organization. The big difference is in the nature of the sponsoring organizations. The state wields a unique power and authority over its citizens; its persuasion is often a tool in its repressive apparatus. Documentary Film What distinguishes an advocacy ﬁlm like Celsius 41.11, produced by the American conservative advocacy group Citizens United, from a passionately argued independent ﬁlm like Fahrenheit 9/11, to which it responds? The answer: Both its afﬁliation with an organization and its focus on supporting the organization's work with instrumental action by viewers. You may agree or disagree with Michael Moore, but he is one person, albeit a celebrity. Moore's arguments inspire conversation and may lead some viewers to express their disagreement with foreign policy (and others to rail at Michael Moore and liberals). They are direct interventions in public conversation. By contrast, advocacy ﬁlms are tools of an organization's mobilization for action on speciﬁc issues or causes. Advocates and activists have often chosen documentary because it is a relatively lowbudget way to counter the status quo as expressed in mainstream media. They have grappled with questions of subject and form in their search for the most effective way to reach viewers. Advocacy ﬁlms are usually highly focused and designed to motivate viewers to a particular action. Like government propaganda ﬁlms, they may be made in good faith by people who profoundly agree with an organization's agenda. They, like propaganda ﬁlms, deserve attention from anyone who wants to understand the techniques of persuasionand nothing persuades like reality. ''Committed'' In the tumultuous 1930s, when the Great Depression thoroughly shook the faith of many in the future of capitalism, many leftwing political groups and many of the ﬁlm clubs populated by fashionably leftwing young people saw documentary ﬁlm as a tool to challenge the status quo. They wanted to make ''committed'' ﬁlmssupportive of social and even revolutionary change. In continental Europe, the UK, Japan, and the United States, enthusiastic young people debated the latest work of Vertov, 78 Eisenstein, Flaherty, and the Grierson teams in cinema clubs around the globe. Inspired by Vertov's KinoEye newsreel work, they made newsreels that countered the popular and often rightwing newsreels shown in theaters. In the United States, the Film and Photo League created a widely seen series of workeroriented newsreels featuring strikes and demonstrations. These were simple records of events, photographed with a sympathetic eye for workers. Filmmakers showed the newsreels to each other, to recruits, and to political groups and rallies. As the Great Depression deepened, in many countries the Communist Party (CP), afﬁliated with the Soviet Union, gained credibility. The CP had a powerful inﬂuence on progressive politics internationally, and on cultural work associated with it, including ﬁlm. For instance, many of the Film and Photo League ﬁlmmakers were CP members, and the organization was informally part of the CP's ''cultural front.'' The connection with the Communist Party was crucial; it created community, it allowed people to pool resources, it provided audiences, and it shaped messages. The Spanish civil war provides one good example. The civil war broke out in 1936 when some military ofﬁcers revolted against the Naziallied Franco government. The antiFranco or Republican movement grew; the 79 Subgenres These political parties and cinema clubs were incubators for documentarians. The ﬁlmmakers who went to work for Pare Lorentz in the Roosevelt Administration began there, and so did Dutch activist ﬁlmmaker Joris Ivens. The stridency of the work is exempliﬁed by a short ﬁlm Ivens made with Belgian cinema club leader Henri Storck, Borinage (1933), portraying the miners as cruelly plunged into poverty as a result of a classic capitalist crisis of overproduction. ''We wanted to shout our indignation by using the starkest images possible, '' said Storck later. The ﬁlm, a didactic and angry indictment, used reenactment and condemnatory juxtaposition. Documentary Film CP dominated, with the help of the USSR. CP leaders brutally suppressed other political factions, including anarchists. Internationally, some saw the war as an antifascist struggle requiring international solidarity, while others saw it as a national issue in which they should not meddle and resisted supporting the CP. Internationally, ﬁlmmakers rallied to make ﬁlms about the war, in order to raise awareness and funds for the antiFranco forces. These ﬁlms glossed over internal factionalism and encouraged international support for the Republicans, as suited the CP. One of the best known is The Spanish Earth (1937). The ﬁlm was made by an international teamIvens as director, Helen van Dongen as editor, with script and narration by Ernest Hemingwayfor Hollywood backers. It demonstrates an artful approach to political truth telling and incidentally shows the growing aesthetic versatility of Ivenswho went on to become a leading activist ﬁlmmaker and mentor for many others, until his death in 1989. In an approach that evokes the romantic realism of Robert Flaherty, the ﬁlm brings viewers into the daily life of a village near Madrid. Filmed in the midst of the war, it documents the building of an irrigation canal crucial to crops that would feed embattled Madrid. The ﬁlm's focus on the rhythms of daily life invites the viewer into the work and habits of the villagers. Now we see that the war is also part of the villagers' daily lives; we see them slinging guns, standing guard, surveying the wreckage after a bomb attack. The villagers' unstinting support for the antiFranco cause is woven into the values and fabric of everyday life. Ivens, with the help of Hemingway's spare narration, managed to sidestep messy political questions about factional conﬂict. The ﬁlm communicated human warmth rather than delivering political information; Ivens used the techniques of realism to bring viewers' feelings to the fore. Although the ﬁlm had only a modest theatrical run, it raised a substantial amount of money for the antiFranco 80 Republicans in its screenings, both in theaters and in cinema clubs as well as in private showings. The advent of World War II put an end to many experiments in committed ﬁlmmaking. In Germany and Japan, governments ruthlessly suppressed cinema clubs. The combination of anticommunist witchhunting and the selfdiscrediting of Soviet communism after the 1956 revelations of the horrors of Stalinism and the Soviet invasion of Hungary distanced many intellectuals and artists from CP politics. ''Third cinema'' In the 1960s civil rights and human rights movements, struggles against colonialism, nuclear weapons, and the Cold War arms race all marked a time of political ferment. The technical breakthroughs that enabled cinema verité and the dawning of the video age with the introduction of portable video equipment in 1967 inspired 81 Subgenres The Spanish Earth also demonstrated one response to a debate common among activist ﬁlmmakers at the time: should one make ''militant'' ﬁlms to mobilize one's own constituency to act, or should one be reaching out to convince broader audiences of a point of view? This second resort would require more artfulness, which The Spanish Earth successfully employed. The New York ﬁlmmakers who established the ﬁlmmaking group Nykino after a political and aesthetic split with the Film and Photo League also took up the second approach in making another famous advocacy ﬁlm of the time, Native Land (1942). Using dramatic reenactments, the ﬁlm drew upon a congressional investigation of civil liberties violations, and strove to inspire a greater demand for social justice and fair and equal treatment under the law. The ﬁlm could not compete with Hollywood's production values, though, and by 1942 its message had been overtaken by wartime patriotism. Documentary Film many to again see documentary as a tool within political movements. Seeing themselves as a cultural vanguard for change, activist ﬁlmmakersoften students or exstudents in a university communityformed collectives, or projects where work and beneﬁts were shared equally. In the United States, newsreel collectives dedicated to raising awareness of social injustice among working people emerged in New York, San Francisco, and Chicago. In France, in the period that culminated in the 1968 general strike, JeanLuc Godard and others formed the signiﬁcantly named but shortlived Dziga Vertov group, which experimented with avantgarde ﬁlm approaches. Chris Marker and others formed the more militant Iskra, named after Lenin's underground newspaper and focused more on working issues. In British collectives such as the London FilmMakers Coop and the London Women's Film Coop, members debated what styles were effective and which audiences to target. Links were often international. In South Africa and worldwide, antiapartheid activists used End of the Dialogue (PhelaNdaba, 1971) to rally international support. The ﬁlm, which grimly exposed the harsh contrasts between wealthy white daily life and that of blacks in South Africa, was made by exiles in London. In India, the activist ﬁlmmaker Anand Patwardhan worked with demonstrators to document their struggle against government corruption. He smuggled out the footage and took a job in Canada; there, with resisters to India's emergency government, he made Waves of Revolution (1975). Internationally shown (but banned in India), it was used by political organizations to rally opposition to the emergency. Throughout Latin America, ﬁlmmakers worked in groups inspired by the Cuban revolution's resistance to U.S. hegemony, and thus evolved a notion of ''third cinema, '' a term that came to describe activist cinema around the world. Filmmakers in the developing 82 world seized upon this idea, as did ﬁlmmakers in all parts of the globe who felt marginalized or saw themselves as representing the oppressed. ''Third cinema'' derived from the concept of ''Third World, '' which refers to nations and cultural movements that demanded autonomy from the superpower struggle of the Cold War. It promised a view of political change that was not tied to the nowdiscredited Soviet Communist Party. Intellectuals and artists worldwide saw culture as an arm of this movement. Latin American independent and dissident cinemanuevo cine and in Brazil cinema novoled the way and, as Michael Chanan stated, documentary was an important feature of it. In Argentina, Fernando Birri established a socially engaged ﬁlm school whose ﬁrst ﬁlm, Tire Dié (Throw Me a Dime, 1960) showed how young children raised money to feed their families by begging for coins from passengers on passing trains. Largely uncommented, borrowing in part from the neorealist style Birri had studied in Italy, the ﬁlm follows the youngsters in tracking shots as they run beside the train: it denounces by revealing. 83 Subgenres Cuba, where the ﬁlm industry was nationalized by 1960, was a center of production and support for independent ﬁlmmakers under attack in their own countries. (Joris Ivens worked with some of Cuba's leading ﬁlmmakers in the 1960s.) Cuban photographer and ﬁlmmaker Santiago Alvarez started Cuba's own version of Kino Eye newsreels and made many documentaries himself. The ﬁlms show not only passionate outrage at injustice but also lyrical support for the revolution. One of Alvarez's ﬁrst documentary efforts was Now (1965), interesting for its reuse of found images. Here, Alvarez composed a denunciation of racism in the United States with a collage from photos in magazines and newspapers of racial conﬂict. The soundtrack features Lena Horne singing a freedom song. Documentary Film As Argentine politics polarized, ﬁlmmakers mentored or inspired by Birri participated in organized resistance or armed struggle, often were persecuted and many even ''disappeared.'' Among the most inﬂuential ﬁlmmakers of the movement were Argentine ﬁlmmaker Fernando Solanas and Argentine sociologist Octavio Getino, who together produced a brash and tremendously inﬂuential manifesto calling for a ''third cinema.'' (Hollywood and ''art, '' or auteur cinema, were the ﬁrst two.) They asserted that cinema should not merely be a ''hammer, '' as Grierson had described it, but in itself be an act of ''decolonization.'' Their goal was to ''dissolve aesthetics into the life of the society, '' making intellectuals just as relevant to revolution as the masses. In theory, such ﬁlms would be made by revolutionary teamwork and be shown in ''liberated space.'' Spectators would disappear, and collectively produced art would incite viewers to act. Such cinema would wage war against the most potent enemythe one inside all of us, resisting the creation of a revolutionary ''new man'' such as the Cubans were making. Solanas and Getino tried out their theory in Hour of the Furnaces (La Hora de los hornos, 1968), within the Colectivo Cine Liberación. In three parts totaling more than four hours, the ﬁlm alternately assaults, engages, explains, and meditates. It is an argument, delivered by an enraged professor shaking his students by the lapels. The ﬁrst section deals with neocolonialism in Argentina; the second with the rise of the Argentine corporatist presidentdeeply beloved by the working classJuan Perón, and with opposition to the coup that displaced him in 1955; the third considers roads to a revolutionary future. Devices are used to trouble and shock: intertitles with words that multiply, blank screens, and a full ﬁveminute focus on the dead face of Che Guevara, to whom the ﬁlm is dedicated. The ﬁlm was shown clandestinely in Argentina and in other Latin American countries, and widely throughout the world at ﬁlm 84 festivals and in theaters. In the United States, The Hour of the Furnaces was popular with radical political groups; in Chicago, for instance, the Puerto Rican turfgangturnedMaoistgroup Young Lords showed it. Solanas, Getino, and many others soon ﬂed into exile. Other noteworthy ﬁlms of ''third cinema'' were completed in exile, such as Chilean ﬁlmmaker Patricio Guzmán's threepart epic The Battle of Chile (La Batalla de Chile, 197579). Guzmán was another of those Joris Ivens trained. He had ﬁlmed Ivens's 1969 Valparaiso, Mi Amor, which poignantly contrasts the rich and poor aspects of the Chilean port city. (Chris Marker wrote the narration for this city symphony.) Filmmakers' interest in ''third cinema, '' cinema verité, and the political power of grassroots testimony converged in projects launched across the world. In Japan, a ﬁlmmaking group led by Shinsuke Ogawa documented the protests of peasants resisting the building of the Narita airport. One of the ﬁlms, Peasants of the Second Fortress (1971), showed in rented municipal halls throughout Japan, in coordination with various leftist groups and had a broad international distribution. Shinsuke Ogawa ended up spending his life in such work; after years living with the Narita 85 Subgenres Battle is composed of precious verité footage rescued from a threeyear ﬁlm project chronicling the Salvador Allende presidency. The project dissolved when a military coup overthrew Allende; Guzmán smuggled out the footage and ﬂed to Europe. The project now became one to mobilize resistance to the military government internationally. It was completed in France, with the help of leftist ﬁlm clubs, and in Cuba's nationalized ﬁlm organization ICAIC, and it was circulated throughout the world, except in Chile. Battle indicts some parts of the Chilean military, the Chilean middle class, and the U.S. government for the overthrow of a legitimate, elected government. Crisply suspenseful editing and minimalist narration chart the path toward tragedy. Documentary Film villagers, he moved to the small village of Magino and made several ﬁlms documenting daily life there. In another Japanese ﬁlm, residents of a small ﬁshing village, poisoned by mercury caused by factory discharge, worked with ﬁlmmaker Noriaki Tsuchimoto to document their struggle for justice. Minamata (1971) raised international awareness of mercury poisoning and shamed the Japanese government into acknowledging the problem. Tsuchimoto continued to use ﬁlm to raise international awareness and to work with Minamata villagers to keep up pressure to address their mercuryrelated problems. In Taiwan, the government of the 1970s frowned on acknowledging the oppression of native Taiwanese. A group of artists in the later 1970s produced a TV documentary series, Fragrant Jewel Island, celebrating the beauty of native culture. It led not only to a sequel series but to a shared vocabulary of social criticism. In repressive Sovietdominated regimes, where freedom of speech was nonexistent and opposition organizations quashed, documentarians inserted criticism directly or indirectly into their works, thus sneaking past censors. The socalled ''black'' or dissident documentary ﬂourished in Soviet Eastern Europe. Polish ﬁlmmakers such as Edward Skorzewski and Krzysztof Kieslowski made acutely observed documentaries designed to provide a disturbing mirror to their audiences. Advocacy ﬁlms of the 1960s and 1970s, like those of other eras, combined idealism and pragmatism. They used all of the approaches that the early documentarians had pioneered. Realist and neorealist strategies in the Flaherty tradition, such as those employed in Tire Dié, exposed viewers to new realities. Griersonian social mandates pervaded the projects, but now in service of overthrowing rather than preserving the state. Vertov's exuberant formal challenges underlay experiments by Godard, and Cuban documentaries showed inﬂuence of Soviet ﬁlmmakers. Advocates ﬁercely debated their formal choices. They also seized upon 86 innovations that could make their work more vivid. Cinema verité equipment and techniques were quickly incorporated. Pragmatism, however, ruled; for instance, if narration was needed in a cinema verité documentary to make the point, then narration was used. Legacies Many institutions have emerged from activist ﬁlmmaking. Distributors such as the Canadian DEC; the American distributors Women Make Movies (a feminist distributor), Third World Newsreel (focusing on socially critical work by people of color), California Newsreel (featuring African American, African, race, and labor issues), New Day (a collective fostering selfdistribution); the French Iskra, and others are all legatees of 1960s committed ﬁlmmaking. Organizations begun to showcase grassroots and regional voices, such as the U.S. organizations DCTV and Appalshop, have endured and trained new generations of ﬁlmmakers. Cable access centers, a U.S. phenomenon of cable channels dedicated to airing ﬁlms made by and for the local public, developed out of media activism of the era. American ﬁlmmaker 87 Subgenres The example of ''committed, '' ''third, '' or radical ﬁlmmaking has traveled well and still resurfaces in times of crisis and opportunity. In South Korea in the 1970s, young people learned of radical trends at French and German cultural centers, and with the 1980 ''Seoul Spring''a political thawproduced ''people's ﬁlms'' on workers' and rural issues, building a base for independent ﬁlm organizations. The Seoul Visual Collective's vision was ''to secure social rights for the masses.'' In China after 1989, the ''new documentary'' movement featuring verité rather than bombast implicitly challenged dogma and served to encourage dissent. Wu Wenguang's Bumming in Beijing (1991), about fringe artists in the big city, was a landmark ﬁlm for urban activists. In early twentyﬁrst century Argentina, after the national ﬁnancial collapse, ﬁlm collectives surfaced as agents of political mobilization, making ﬁlms with political and labor groups. Documentary Film George Stoney, who had learned much from his work in 196870 with the Canadian Challenge for Change program, was the leader of the movement. Many other ﬁlmmakers eventually took their idealism and ﬁlmmaking skills into more traditional arenas, particularly those in public and public service television and higher education. Many American documentarians began their careers in political activism and extended their reach to much broader audiences. For instance, Barbara Kopple, who studied in the late 1960s with the cinema verité pioneers Maysles brothers, made Harlan County, U.S.A. (1973) in coordination with striking Kentucky coal miners. The ﬁlm was important to workers and labor unions, and it won an Academy Award that year. Kopple continued to work with social justice organizations and nonproﬁts, at the same time directing television dramas and producing commercial documentaries such as Wild Man Blues (1997)a musical tour of ﬁlm director and jazz musician Woody Allen. Organizations that took root in this period also developed to produce very different work. Three graduates of the University of Chicago, who were inspired by the work of John Dewey and the capacities of the newly mobile camera, founded the Chicagobased Kartemquin Films. Their ﬁrst ﬁlm, Home for Life (1966), was a cinema verité view of the indignities of nursinghome life. The ﬁlm failed to change any health care policies. Looking for more actionoriented projects, and now a political collective, Kartemquin made The Chicago Maternity Center Story (1976) to protest the closing of the last public midwifery program in Chicago and as part of a campaign against corporatized health care. After the dissolution of the collective, Kartemquin continued to make ﬁlms, now oriented at general audiences. Steve James's Hoop Dreams (1994) became an international hit after winning an award at the Sundance Film Festival. A sevenhour epic television series, The New Americans (2002), coexecutiveproduced by Kartemquin cofounder Gordon Quinn and Steven James, tracked immigrants to the United States 88 9. Kartemquin Films' socialchange goals were expressed differently at different times; above, Naima in Jerusalem talks to her ﬁancé in the United States, in The New Americans (2004). Produced by Kartemquin Films. from their native countries. The same concern with giving voice to the subjects, inviting viewers respectfully into the experiences of those subjects, and provoking questions about the status quo that had driven Kartemquin's original work continued in evidence. Documentary Film When seen later, advocacy ﬁlms become partisan testimony to history, such as The Spanish Earth and Hour of the Furnaces. Indeed, Battle of Chile has had a new life in Chile after the return of democracy; it now is being used to teach history to Chileans whose Pinochetera books virtually erased the Allende years. In the twentyﬁrst century, with ever more sophisticated production equipment, advocacy organizations are both commissioning and producing documentaries as a part of their strategic communications plans. Brave New Films's Iraq for Sale (2006), about corporate greed in the Iraq war, and the conservative Citizens United's Border War (2006), about immigration into the United States, are both designed as weapons in a war of ideas. When the U.S. Congress considered opening up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil drilling, the Sierra Club and other environmentally concerned nonproﬁts produced Oil on Ice (2004). This ﬁlm, narrated by Peter Coyote, examines the battle over oil development within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and its impact on both the environment and indigenous communities. It was shown in theaters, on public TV, and in many grassroots settings; the DVD also featured a short ﬁlm and organizing toolkit. Organizers credited it with mobilizing nationwide awareness and resistance, which, in the end, contributed to the defeat of legislation to initiate oil drilling. Whatever the perspective, advocacy organizations and nonproﬁts are beneﬁciaries of the implicit pledge of documentary to be telling an important story about real life in good faith. Advocacy ﬁlms maintain that pledge not only through the credibility of their organizations but through the devices they use that signal their reliability. These include (but certainly do not exhaust) the use of 90 authoritative narrators (such as the celebrity Peter Coyote), the realistic portrayal of daily life (The Spanish Earth), bold contrast (such as was used in Borinage), the use of cinema verité (Battle of Chile), statistics in service of argument (Hour of the Furnaces), and expert interviews (Iraq for Sale, Border Wars). If dueling documentaries become a standard feature of political warfare, however, they could erode the credibility that the form has accrued from its association with embattled causes and issues slighted by a sensationalistic and celebrityhappy mass media. Historical Documentarians who tell history with ﬁlm encounter all the challenges facing their ﬁlmmaking peers. They face historians' problems with getting data. Often they represent events for which there is no ﬁlm, and as often they represent events using material never intended as a historical record. They turn to photographs, paintings, representative objects, images of key documents, reenactments, and, famously, oncamera experts to substitute for images. They record music that evokes an era, they ﬁnd singers to sing songs of the time, they build in sound effects to enhance a viewer's sense that what is shown is a genuine moment from the past. They struggle with the question of how much reenactment is appropriate and how it should be achieved. They also face problems of expertise. Documentary ﬁlmmakers typically reach many more people with their work than academic 91 Subgenres ''History is not selfexecuting, '' wrote historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. ''You do not put a coin in the slot and have history come out.'' All history is written for people in the present, searching out for them what historians call a ''useable past''a story that is used in the construction of our understanding of ourselves. History is also written on top of an earlier narrativesometimes disagreeing, sometimes reinforcing, sometimes asserting a presence where previously there was only an absence. Documentary Film historians do, but ﬁlmmakers rarely have the training of historians. Indeed, ﬁlmmakers often avoid consulting a range of experts. Too often for ﬁlmmakers' liking, historians may be sticklers for precise historical sequences, discussion of multiple interpretations, and the need to insert minor characters or precise accuracies, all of which frustrate the clarity of ﬁlmed storytelling for broad audiences. Public service television often requires professional advisory boards, but commercial television productions rarely make such requirements. Finally, unlike print historians who can digress, comment, and footnote, documentarians work in a form where images and sounds create an imitation of reality that is itself an implicit assertion of truth. This makes it harder for them to introduce alternative interpretations of events or even the notion that we do in fact interpret events. Documentary ﬁlmmakers have often chosen to ignore the implications of their choices: they may accept an uncritical notion that they are merely reporting the facts of the past, or they may adopt uncritically a partisan view of the past. Their works, however, are often the ﬁrst door through which people walk to understand the past. Stories The fact that all historical documentaries are stories of a ''useable past'' can be illustrated with several examples. When the Russian revolution was young, ﬁlmmaker Esﬁr Shub created a critical history of czarist rule in The Fall of the Romanov Dynasty (1927)entirely using footage from the czarist archives, including the czar's home movies. Shub had made what would come to be called a ''compilation ﬁlm.'' Indeed, the czar's family would have been shocked to see their records of luxurious living juxtaposed to images of poverty and misery. Shub had transformed the meaning of the material by 92 her choice of assembly and juxtapositions, from loving records of a privileged family to a damning condemnation of an overthrown government. Ken Burns's series The Civil War (1990) was also a highly crafted narrative, not merely a recounting of facts. One of the most popular programs on U.S. public television, the series tells us that the Civil War created, for the ﬁrst time, a unitary American national identity. It employs meditative, movingcamera views of still photographs and the testimony of experts to make this argument. The facticity of the photographs, among other things, 93 Subgenres Cold War histories from opposite sides, using government archives that had burgeoned with governments' substantial investment in propaganda during World War II, also demonstrate the ''usability'' of history. Stories were told appropriate to the audienceCommunist or capitalistand to the time. In the new East Germany, the German couple Andrew Thorndike (a German American born and raised in Germany) and Annelie Thorndike produced many works based largely on archival footage, including a celebratory and panoramic view of Russian history, The Russian Miracle (1963). In the United States, Henry ''Pete'' Salomon, a retired U.S. Navy public relations man at NBC networks, worked with the navy to use its footage for Victory at Sea, a longrunning, twentysixpart series celebrating the navy's role in the Paciﬁc in World War II. Scored by Richard Rodgers to orchestrate emotional response to the silent ﬁlm, the aptly titled Victory at Sea portrayed the United States and its allies as unselﬁshly battling for freedom, unstintingly heroic, and of course, ultimately victorious. Both the East German and the American makers worked hard to tell meaningful, emotionally rich stories honestly. Their work also ﬁt neatly within the ideological missions of their governments and era. In later years, when the ideological assumptions of the moment had shifted and thus made visible earlier ones, they were seen as tendentious. Documentary Film gives the viewers the sense that they are merely watching a recital of the facts. Some southerners might contest the validity of The Civil War 's central theme, but the theme reﬂected, as Gary Edgerton wrote in Ken Burns's America, the center of consensus history of its time, a ''liberal pluralist perspective'' focused on preservation of the Union. Burns faced criticism by historians who espoused other interpretations, and by those who said that the series' real sin was obscuring the fact that it was interpreting rather than reciting history. Burns simply sidestepped this criticism by calling himself not a historian but an ''emotional archeologist.'' He said he had searched in the historical record for the ''kind of emotion and sympathy that reminds us, for example, of why we agree against all odds as a people to cohere.'' In other words, he chose characters and incidents that helped him tell the story he chose to tell about the past. Commercial considerations shape documentarians' decisions about both subject matter and story line. Television documentaries, designed to entertain, have often featured the lighter side of life, including the entertainment industry itself. Fluffy items such as David Wolper's Hollywood: The Golden Years (1961) and the French series The Mad Twenties were exemplary productions of the network television era. In the multichannel era of television, historical documentaries have ﬁlled many hours cheaply, without any claim to providing comprehensive or balanced perspectives, or covering the most signiﬁcant aspects of a historical era. Their strungtogether sequences of public domain material from governments, along with lowcost archival material (often linked with portentous narration), led to the trade term ''clipjob.'' Limited access to material also constrains the choices of historical documentarians. As copyright terms have been extended for generations into the future, historical documentaries using extensive archival footage not in the public 94 domain have become more and more expensive. Authoritatively researched historical documentaries have always been some of the more expensive of the documentary categories, but copyright clearance costs skyrocketed at the end of the twentieth century as archives merged and large media corporations developed more zealous control of their resources under the threat of digital reproduction. Peter Jaszi and I showed, in our study Untold Stories, that some documentarians feared even to undertake ambitious projects. Documentarians in the United States addressed this problem with the Documentary Filmmakers' Statement of Best Practices in Fair Use, a guide that dramatically increased ﬁlmmakers' abilities use their rights to quote limited amounts of copyrighted material for free and thus expand the range of what they can make. Biographies Entire biographical series have showcased on television; PBS's American Masters series and A&E's Biography Channel are two examples. They have clearly recognizable styles, and could not be more different. American Masters provides a narrative of an American life within a particular social moment; individual narratives are given a social location with surrounding information on events and trends that shape and are triggered by individual actions and choices. The narrative 95 Subgenres Biographical documentariesa particular kind of historyboldly reveal the same choice making that reveals all historical work to be an interpretation. Biography is an immensely popular kind of documentary; it features a close focus on a particular person, promising viewers that they will learn about someone who is recognized as important (a politician, a celebrity, an artist, a sports champion), unsuspectingly important (an unknown inventor, an unsung social worker, an untutored artist), or a witness to history (a Holocaust survivor, Hitler's secretary). These stories are characterdriven by deﬁnition, but the ﬁlmmaker must interpret that character for the viewer. Documentary Film builds around not only the events of the person's life but the signiﬁcance of those events within a wider frame. For example, Diane von Furstenberg and Daniel Wolf 's Andy Warhol recognizes the American artist who was famous for impudent art stunts and parties as a serious artist with a critical passion for American culture. Respectful but not reverential, the ﬁlm makes the claim that the viewer will now be able to understand the signiﬁcance and legacy of Andy Warhol. A&E's biographies, on the other hand, are tightly structured personality proﬁles, in two varieties: good (often entertainment celebrities) and bad (often criminals). Scholar Mikita Brottman notes that stories are sanitized to represent celebrities as likeable, upstanding citizens, and contradictory evidence is suppressed. For instance, in a biography of Dean Martin that was part of a series on the ''Rat Pack'' of celebrities around Frank Sinatra, Martin is represented as a dedicated family man, in spite of a wealth of evidence on his womanizing and partying. However different, each of these series uses ﬁlmic techniques intended to bring closure to the viewer's understanding of the character featured. Authorities are quoted reinforcing the story line; selected historical footage emphasizes the point; the end of the ﬁlm brings together the themes so that viewers will know the signiﬁcance, the importance, and the meaning for them of this person's life. Some biographies, by contrast, use ﬁlm techniques to call attention to the constructed nature of the biography, and call into question the viewer's comfortable assumptions. For instance, Kirby Dick and Amy Ziering Kofman's Derrida (2002) is a challenge to the established form of biographical documentary; it cleverly enacts the difference between experience and documenting, and reveals the power of the storyteller to assert realityin part by showing how difﬁcult it is to construct a story. Jacques Derrida, whose life work involved ''deconstructing'' our assumptions about knowledge, repeatedly refuses to cooperate with the ﬁlmmakers, revealing instead their presence. These acts in 96 themselves are also revealing of the character and perspective of the philosopher. The ﬁlm challenges the viewer to ask the questions Derrida asked about reality and expression. The work of Errol Morris demonstrates another approach to undermining simple associations between biographical truth and documentary. For instance, in his Fog of War (2003), Morris permits Robert McNamara, secretary of defense under presidents Kennedy and Johnson, to describe his own life and controversial political and personal decisions at length, and without comment. The complexities and contradictions of McNamara's life are held up for viewers who must wrestle with their own judgments of McNamara. Revisionism The British series The World at War (1973), produced by Jeremy Isaacs for the commercial network Thames TV (during an era when British commercial networks were required to do substantial public service), marked a historic shift in interpretation of World War II. The twentysixhour series combining historical footage with eyewitness interviews is still beloved in Britain and has shown all over the world, including on the History Channel. It was revisionist in several ways. The World at War took a global view of the war, rather than a national or regional one, and it depended on eyewitnesses. A cadre of dedicated historical researcherssome of them academic historiansfound compelling interviewees who could reach Isaacs's goal of showing how war ''actually affected ordinary people.'' Its core message was that war is hell, not that 97 Subgenres One of the most interesting ways to see the power of storytelling is in revisionist history ﬁlms. These are ﬁlms that challenge the dominant version of the historical record. Documentaries that questioned received wisdom on World War II have greatly affected public knowledge of that history and, in the process, have also produced new primarysource documents for historians. In some cases, they are unique records of ﬁrstperson accounts of history. Documentary Film victory was ours. Shocking images of brutal atrocity and death helped to make that message vivid. It had a powerful resonance at a time when the fear of superpowertriggered nuclear war and the reality of superpowertriggered proxy wars were both very much a part of the zeitgeist. Around the same time, French documentarian Marcel Ophuls reframed international understanding of France's experience of World War II. Ophuls's method was that of investigative reporting, which he applied in The Sorrow and the Pity (1969) to the question of collaboration with Nazi domination. He found previously undiscussed depths of unquestioning cooperation with the fascists. The controversial fourandahalfhour ﬁlm was composed largely of interviews in the small town of ClermontFerrand, and it revealed that the heroic image of the French Resistance was a myth in France's middle class; it was the working poor who led Resistance efforts. (The ﬁlmmaker was later criticized for selecting a town where the Communist Party was unusually poorly represented, since the CP had been a key organizer of Resistance efforts.) Although it was coproduced by French state TV along with West German and Swiss government television and shown in Germany and Switzerland, the French prime minister ordered it banned on French television. After a triumphant U.S. tour, it was shown in French theaters and on the British BBC. Following in this style of implacable reexamining of World War II history, Claude Lanzmann, a French Jew, produced a nearly tenhour series, Shoah (1985). Depending entirely on interviews with survivors and surviving agents of the Holocaustusually the technicians and functionariesLanzmann methodically pursued the question not of how it could have happened, but exactly how it did happen (or at least how people remembered it). Shoah provided an unprecedentedly speciﬁc public record of the mechanisms of mass murder. With its procedural approach, it shocked and moved audiences, and spurred debate on the ethics of interviewing. Were hidden cameras justiﬁable for recalcitrant 98 subjects? Was restaging an interview appropriate? How much context should be given a viewer? One of the most striking examples of bringing new elements into the historical record is Henry Hampton's Eyes on the Prize (1987, 1990) series. This breakthrough series on American public television traces the civil rights movement as one that upheld the best values in American culture, often against the racist status quo of the time and not without deep internal conﬂicts. Teams of paired African American and white producers, working with academic historians as advisors, crafted their stories using rare archival footage drawn from small and large archives, personal collections, and the vaults of local television stations. The series brought to national viewers images and incidents that had been seen by a local television news audience perhaps only once in the past. It created nationwide public awareness of the profound impact of the civil rights movement on American history. The series became a staple in American schools and served as a model for later historically revisionist series such as the fourhour series 99 Subgenres World War II revisionism not only offered a different perspective with new information but also introduced new elements to the story. In Japan, Kazuo Hara's The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On (1988), in cinema verité fashion follows a maniacally obsessed veteran trying to expose cannibalism among troops abandoned in New Guinea after the war and, subtextually, holding the emperor accountable for war crimes that had simply been denied. The veteran's story, grisly and unique, also stands for the denial of war crimes in general. In the United States, feminist ﬁlmmaker Connie Field, in making The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter (1980), told a hidden history of women whose wartime jobs changed their lives; it also chronicled the coordinated governmental effort to get these women to give up their jobs and return to the home after the war. Field brought women and workers back into a history that had been dominated by male soldiers and politicians. Documentary Film Chicano! (1996) and A Question of Equality (1996), this latter a history of the gay and lesbian rights movements. Revisionist documentaries themselves may, of course, leave out crucial information, whether purposefully or not. For example, in American independent documentaries made in the 1970s and 1980s recalling political movements of the 1930sunion organizing (Union Maids, 1976), strikes (With Babies and Banners, 1978), the Spanish Civil War (The Good Fight, 1984) baby boomera documentarians often did not reveal the extent of the Communist Party's role in the events or they took at face value the selfreporting of CP members. Depending on oral histories to salvage suppressed elements of the past, and seeing themselves as legatees of political activists they admired, these ﬁlmmakers could have easily become prisoners of the limitations of oral history as a sole source of information. Memory and history With the growth of home ﬁlm and video archives and eversimpler video cameras, the memoir or personal ﬁlm has made important contributions to historical documentary. In such works, the private and personal are exposed and sometimes contrasted with the ofﬁcial or public record. Individual memory is juxtaposed with and often challenges public history. New stories surface, and individual experience enriches public understanding of the past. Filmmakers use a variety of techniques to represent memory. One common trope, according to ﬁlmmaker David MacDougall, is putting ''signs of absence''images of loss, of objects abandoned, of a photo to be explainedat the center of the ﬁlm and of the problem to be solved with memory. For instance, the makers of Into the Arms of Strangers (2004), about the Kindertransporte that whisked Jewish children out of Nazi Germany, sought out and used as symbols the actual objects children had brought with them, rather than merely displaying a similar object. Many times, personal ﬁlmmakers also use an ironic or reﬂexive approach to 100 familiar objects or images, forcing a reanalysis of them: collages, blank images, text that startles or asks questions, and repetition all of which forces viewers to reﬂect upon or reinterpret the meaning of a sound or image. In some cases, ﬁlmmakers have drawn from avantgarde and experimental ﬁlmmaking from earlier eras. The work of American avantgarde ﬁlmmaker Yvonne Rainer offers many good examples. Gay African American ﬁlmmaker Marlon Riggs structured Tongues Untied (1989) as a visual poem that had the narrative arc of a journey toward owning his identity. Ross McElwee's life's work (Sherman's March, 1986; Six O'Clock News, 1996; Bright Leaves, 2003), which tracks the evolution of the ﬁlmmaker's (or his persona's) sense of self, draws from McElwee's own training among experimental ﬁlmmakers using the body and their own lives as subject matter. Among the successful results were the socalled black ﬁlm workshops, including Sankofa, one of whose celebrated ﬁlmmakers was Isaac Julien, and Black Audio Collective. These workshops generated enormous and productive political debates about the selfrepresentation of various minorities and the role of women. One prominent result was John Akomfrah's Handsworth Songs 101 Subgenres Personal ﬁlms contributed to the development of cultural identity movements worldwide in the 1980s and 1990s. Political changes and economic globalization created vast new diasporic movements of South Asians, Southeast Asians, ''overseas Chinese, '' and Africans. Selfconsciously diasporic cultures began to emerge and ﬁnd selfexpression in ﬁlm, with support from institutions encouraging that selfexpression. In Britain protests by independent ﬁlmmakers, demands of ethnic minorities in the wake of riots, and the launching of the new private (but funded with public revenues) Channel 4 TV coalesced into the formation of special workshops to cultivate ﬁlmmaking by minorities. Documentary Film (1986). Unapologetically experimental, it poetically reworked images of riots, slums, newsreels, and colonial historical footage into a personal essay on history and identity. Another heralded work was Body Beautiful (1990) by Ngozi Onwurah, the daughter of a Nigerian father and a British mother. The ﬁlm combines ﬁction and documentary, using an actress to represent the ﬁlmmaker and with the mother playing herself. It contrasts the mother's and daughter's body images and their personal histories, as conditioned by the ordinary racial, gender, and age discrimination of British society. The postcolonial and postCold War era also generated much work that combined an autobiographical impulse with a historical reexamination. Filmmakers turned to the personal essay form to challenge ofﬁcial amnesia in Africa. David Achkar's father, a prominent Guinean ofﬁcial, had fallen from favor and died in prison. Achkar's Allah, Tantou (1991) mixes reenactment, family letters, home movies, and newsreel images to challenge the public version of his father's disappearance. The ﬁlm, as much meditation as memoir, provided a counter to the mythology surrounding revolutionary leader Sekou Touré and generated controversy in Guinea and worldwide. Haitian Raoul Peck, whose family had served Patrice Lumumba's government in Congo, made Lumumba: Death of a Prophet (1992). The documentaryPeck later made a ﬁction ﬁlm of the same nameweaves together Peck's family's home movies, his own video diary of his fruitless search for archival images of Lumumba that had been suppressed by Lumumba's killer and successor Mobutu, interviews, and news footage. Cameroonian JeanMarie Teno made a sharply voiced series of personal ﬁlms, linking colonial history with present brutalities, including Afrique, Je Te Plumerai (Africa, I Will Fleece You, 1992). The end of Latin American dictatorships also brought forward the theme of memory and history. Brazilian Eduardo Coutinho in 102 10 and 11. Patricio Guzmán's epic The Battle of Chile (1976), top, about the downfall of the Allende government, was not shown in Chile until his return 30 years latera visit recorded in Chile, Obstinate Memory (1997), bottom. Directed by Patricio Guzmán. Documentary Film Cabra Marcado para Morrer (Twenty Years Later, a.k.a. A Man Listed to Die, 1984) returned to a site where, twenty years earlier, his ﬁlm crew had hastily buried ﬁlm cans from a cinema novo project about the murder of a peasant land reform leader. The project had been halted abruptly by a military coup. Coutinho then tracked down the peasant's widow and eight children. The result was the story of a generation of loss told through the experiences of one shattered family. Chilean director Patricio Guzmán in 1997 made Chile, Obstinate Memory, a memoir of his journey home to show The Battle of Chilebanned until thenfor the ﬁrst time to his own people. Personal ﬁlms have also been a vehicle for reviving public memory of the unthinkable or unbearable. Holocaust memoirs and memory ﬁlms proliferated in the 1990s: Mira Binford's Diamonds in the Snow (1994), Ilan Ziv's Tango of Slaves (1994), Amir BarLev's Fighter (2001), Oren Rudavsky and Menachem Daum's Hiding and Seeking (2004), among many others. Descendants of Holocaust survivors, and sometimes survivors themselves, sought answers, closure, or resolution by returning to the sites, encounters with other survivors, or even confrontation with those from the past. Also exploring the power of private memory to inform the public's knowledge of the past is the work of Hungarian Peter Forgács, who reworks amateur and family footage to create meditations on forgotten and suppressed eastern European history of the 1930s. Finally, personalvoice and home movies have been interwoven into reexaminations of popular culture. Stacy Peralta's Dogtown and ZBoys (2001), an engaging and lively history of skateboarding culture, tracks its evolution from the gritty side streets of Santa Monica to a billiondollar business, some of whose celebrities (such as Peralta himself ) came from those streets. It interweaves home movies with reminiscence and contrasts both with verité material from the fastpaced and commercialized world of competitive skateboarding. Danish ﬁlmmaker Anders Høgsbro Østergaard's Tintin and I creates a sensitive psychological biography of the 104 Belgian writer and artist Hergé, matching intimate audio interviews from the 1970s with animation drawn from contemporary video footage of Hergé and animating his comicbook illustrations as well. Understanding Hergé's journey from Catholic ultraconservative to nearly New Ager through the Cold War period also makes for a reanalysis of his popular comic books. Usable for whom and for what? Documentarians sometimes chafe at the notion that they must become historians in order to make a historical ﬁlm. And yet a ﬁlmmaker's responsibility to users is a large one. Not only is each documentary taken by viewers and later ﬁlmmakers as an accurate representation of the history it shows but also historical knowledge shapes users' understanding of who they are in the present. Jon Else, in making Cadillac Desert (1997) about water politics in the United States, said that although many dams looked alike, he insisted on absolute accuracy because he knew that later ﬁlmmakers would quote his work rather than going back to the sources he originally used. Every historical ﬁlm occurs within an ideological frame 105 Subgenres The growth of personal documentary has provoked scholars to explore the relationship of memory to truth. Linda Williams argues that such ﬁlms challenge viewers to recognize that truths exist in a context, in relationship to lies, and are selected from other truths. Going beyond reﬂexivity (that is, calling attention to the fact that the ﬁlm is a ﬁlm), such ﬁlms posit that there are important truths to be revealed and that they can be revealed in spite ofor even by calling attention tothe partiality of our understanding. Thus, such ﬁlms offer another approach to the problem of how documentaries can be truthful. Bill Nichols states that personal documentaries often ''perform'' the ﬁlmmaker's state of mind and associations, documenting an intimate kind of reality. Michael Renov writes that the oftenconfessional tone of personal documentaries brings viewers actively into the construction of the ﬁlm's meaning, thus heightening empathy. that deserves to be understood at the very least before being presented to viewers. If all history is useable history, then what is relevant about a particular story, and to whom is it, and why? These are good questions to ask for makers and viewers alike. Documentary Film Ethnographic Ethnographic ﬁlm is a term with many connotations. Festival programmers, such as those at the standardsetting Margaret Mead Film Festival held each year in New York at the American Museum of Natural History, usually deﬁne ethnographic ﬁlm as one about other cultures, exotic peoples, or customs. Television programmers commission under that rubric documentaries that entertain, whether charmingly or shockingly, with exotic cultural material. Independent ﬁlmmakers such as Les Blank, who has explored musical and food subcultures worldwide with empathy and respect, are happy to show their work under that banner. Anthropologists would like to see the term used more scientiﬁcally. Anthropologist Jay Ruby argues that only if a ﬁlm is produced by a trained ethnographer, using ethnographic ﬁeld methods, and with the intention of making a peerreviewed ethnography should it be called an ethnographic ﬁlm. Linking these various interpretations is the notion of othernessthat ethnographic ﬁlm is a look from outside a culture, giving you a glimpse inside it. Such a claim raises the stakes on the usual ethical questions of documentary. The relationship between ﬁlmmaker and subject is particularly fraught in ethnographic cinema because the subjects are more often than not members of cultural groups with less power in society and media than the ﬁlmmaker. Anthropologists relish the story that anthropologistﬁlmmaker Sol Worth told about Sam Yazzie. Worth, along with John Adair, conducted the Navajo 106 Film Project in the 1970s. The project strove to teach Navajo Indians techniques of ﬁlmmaking without imposing aesthetic or ideological ﬁlters. Elder Sam Yazzie, when the project was described, asked, '' Will making movies do the sheep any harm?'' When the ﬁlmmakers assured him that no harm would come to the sheep, Yazzie asked, '' Will making movies do the sheep good?'' '' Well, no, '' they replied. '' Then why make movies? '' Worth wrote, ''Sam Yazzie's question keeps haunting us.'' Making money The exotic adventure ﬁlm led to fantasyﬁlled jungle movies and to ''shockumentaries'' such as the 1962 Mondo Cane and its sequels. In Mondo Cane, shocking scenes such as New Guinea tribesmen clubbing a pig to death cut to silly scenes such as elderly students awkwardly learning the Hawai'ian hula dance, with narration and a soundtrack smoothing over incongruities. More upscale ﬁlms offered viewers an experience of other cultures, without claiming ethnographic insight but often beneﬁting from 107 Subgenres The early answer to the ''why make movies'' question was straightforward: to make money. The exotic adventure ﬁlm, with crossovers to anthropological practice (chronicling ''primitive'' cultures, living with subjects, sharing the crafting of narrative with subjects), was established in this period. Flaherty's Nanook of the North inspired later anthropological ﬁlmmakers. Merian C. Cooper, who had already coproduced an impressive but ﬁnancially failed travelogue ﬁlm, Grass (1925), about a nomadic tribe, made the boxofﬁce hit Chang in 1927 and produced the hugely successful King Kong (1933). Drawn from an eighteenmonth stay with Lao people in northern Siam, Chang constructed a viewerfriendly narrative out of daily life. Villagers ﬁght off threats from a leopard and tiger; after a wild elephant stampede (a staged event), the villagers tame the elephants and use them to reconstruct their peaceful jungle life. the association. In Dead Birds (1963), about life and death in Western Irian Jaya, artist Robert Gardner used license learned from Flaherty to weave a ''true story'' out of ''actual events.'' Critics heralded his poetic sensibility and his ability to touch on universal themes, and often called his work ethnographic (something Gardner never did). In Forest of Bliss (1985), about death rituals and daily life in and around Benares, Gardner created an idiosyncratic but compelling and sometimes gruesome meditation on death and the meaning of life. It was screened for audiences in the global North, who were largely ignorant about the practices shown in the ﬁlm; South Asians, Hindus, and anthropologists wrung their hands at the lack of cultural context. Documentary Film Grappling with conventions As the broadcast television market burgeoned in the 1960s and 1970s, so did series on exotic cultures such as the British Granada TV's Disappearing World (197093), and the Japanese Nippon TV Our Wonderful World (mid1960s1982). Viewers were often encourageddespite the howls of anthropological consultants and sometimes members of the cultural groups themselvesto believe that they were watching uncontaminated cultural practices that one touch by the modern world could destroy. Most documentaries on crosscultural issues today do not make clear claims for their purpose. They are typically shown to audiences in the global North about people in other parts of the world. Some of these entertain with goodlooking characters, colorful practices, and narratives driven by crisis, ghoulishness, or disaster. They often claim to rescue for civilized viewers a last glimpse of a passing exotic culture, as The Story of the Weeping Camel does. The National Geographic Taboo series (2003 on) shows viewers bizarre bodydecoration practices around the world on one week, and weird food people eat on the next. Other work strives to take viewers inside someone else's experience unpretentiously. For example, Dutch director Leonard Retel Helmrich's Shape of the Moon (2004), follows, in cinema verité 108 style, a widowed Christian woman in Jakarta as her son converts to Islam, giving Western viewers a glimpse of cultural conﬂicts they may not even have imagined. Most producers on crosscultural subjects ﬁnd themselves bound by the conventions of mass media, which work against reﬂexivity, experiment, and open interpretation. The work of Australians Robin Anderson and Bob Connelly is interesting as a healthy struggle with the limits of the commercial medium. In their widely broadcast ﬁrst ﬁlm, First Contact (1983), they brought to Papua New Guinean villagers footage of the ﬁrst time whitesmale prospectorshad encountered them. The prospector's record of their exploration was reseen through the eyes of the villagers. The ﬁlm also traces the everwidening consequences of the encounter, which brought the Papuans unaskedfor pregnancies, diseases, machinery, and a tourist economy. Scientiﬁc? Social scientists ﬁrst imagined ethnographic ﬁlm as a scientiﬁc tool. Early anthropologists, such as Franz Boas (founder of the ﬁeld), Margaret Mead, and Gregory Bateson made short, purely descriptive ﬁlms of discrete routines and acts. For decades, the Göttingen Institute for Scientiﬁc Films in Germany commissioned ﬁveminute sequences, accompanied by written texts, on speciﬁc rituals and production techniques. Substantial archives of such material exist internationally today. However, these archives raise questions that were not always obvious to those recording the images at the time. What do these acts mean to the people doing them? What kind of inquiry does this information serve? Were the 109 Subgenres First Contact, which had two sequels, fascinates for its deft juggling of reﬂexivity within realist conventions. It asks viewers to critically reexamine the early footage and also reassures them of a stable meaning in Anderson and Connelly's own footagethrough its editing, its tight narrative focus, and its explicit and implicit explanations of what viewers saw. Documentary Film people reenacting something or being caught in the act of doing something they always do? Anthropologists and anthropologically trained ﬁlmmakers soon began exploring these questions. As a privileged teenager on safari with his father, the American John Marshall ﬁrst became familiar with Kalahari nomads. A few years later, he made The Hunters (1957) from silent footage he took with the San (known as Bushmen to whites in South Africa at that time). He openly aspired to be the Flaherty of the Kalahari, celebrating the successful struggle of the nomads against nature. A commercial hit and widely seen in classrooms, the ﬁlm was also criticized for its romanticism. The controversies provoked rethinking, and Marshall recut his footage into a series of educational ﬁlms with, among others, the young photographer Timothy Asch, who then pursued an anthropology degree. Singlefocus, short ﬁlms accompanied by discussion material became popular in teaching. Marshall went on to work with pioneers of the cinema verité movement, including Fred Wiseman (for whom he shot Titicut Follies), D A Pennebaker, and Flaherty's protégé Richard Leacock. In 1980, with Adrienne Linden, Marshall made a biography of one of his South African subjects and incorporated footage he had taken of her over three decades in which the rights of the San had badly eroded. N!ai: The Story of a !Kung Woman (1980), made for American public TV, contrasted sharply with the romantic isolation of his ﬁrst ﬁlm and chronicled Marshall's growing awareness of the power of the ﬁlmmaker in relation to the subject. After his work with Marshall, Tim Asch went on to collaborate with anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon, who worked in lowlands Brazil with the Yanomami tribe. There, he and Chagnon produced a large body of work and also explored how to represent their own understanding and experience of Yanomami culture. The Ax Fight (1975) was a triumph of their collaboration and a 110 critique of ethnographic ﬁlm approaches up to that time. In the ﬁlm, Asch and Chagnon witnessed and ﬁlmed twothirds of an ax ﬁght in a village. Asch provided several versions: a simple presentation of all the footage he had; a version that used slow motion and guiding arrows to show more clearly participants and events; an analysis of kinship relations; and a smoothly edited narrative reminiscent of what students had been used to seeing. Thus, The Ax Fight forced viewers to ask themselves how they would interpret what they saw. Although it did not result in many imitators (possibly because the model was not commercially viable), it precipitated an anthropological debate about how best to use ﬁlm. Jean Rouch Rouch, an engineer whose work in West Africa prompted him to study anthropology on his return to France, ultimately made more than one hundred ﬁlms, many of them in collaboration with his subjects. He drew inspiration from both Flaherty and Vertov. He respected Flaherty's affectionate relationship with his subjects and his participatory approach; he admired Vertov for his passion for capturing life as it was, and then seizing the right to edit that reality, forcing the viewer to acknowledge the presence of the ﬁlmmaker. Rouch's ﬁrst major ﬁlm caused him to rethink his earlier approach. Les Maıˆtres Fous (1955) took viewers inside a weekend spiritual ritual in which West African migrant workers in Ghana went into trances, playing roles that imitated colonial ofﬁcials. Rouch's ending narration suggested that this ritual was both an expression 111 Subgenres From the 1960s, disenchantment with claims of scientiﬁc objectivity created turmoil in the discipline of anthropology. At the same time, ethnographically inclined ﬁlmmakers were fascinated by cinema verité. Riding these two waves was anthropologist and ﬁlmmaker Jean Rouch, one of the most creative forces in ethnographic ﬁlm and one of its most vigorous challengers. of and a temporary release from their colonial existence. The ﬁlm shocked Europeans and horriﬁed Africans, who were afraid that Europeans would see them as uncivilized. After the end of colonialism, leftist critics excoriated the ending as patronizing. Documentary Film Although Rouch never repudiated the ﬁlm, he began to work more collaboratively with his subjects. He also unceasingly experimented with how to explore their subjectivity, often turning to ﬁction, fantasy, and roleplaying. For instance, in Moi, un Noir (1957) young Songhay men assumed the roles of characters they created out of the fabric of their own livesin a collaboratively made ﬁlm about a week in the life of a migrant worker. Rouch had begun to articulate an approach that used the camera as a provocation or catalyst to reveal social tension, one he took further in looking at his own ''tribe'' of Parisians in Chronicle of a Summer. His goal was to challenge unreﬂective approaches to both science and art in ﬁlm. On the subject of anthropology, Rouch said he wanted to transform it from ''the elder daughter of colonialism, a discipline reserved to people with power interrogating people without it. I want to replace it with a shared anthropology... an anthropological dialogue between people belonging to different cultures, which to me is the discipline of human sciences for the future.'' About documentary, he said that for him there is almost no boundary between documentary ﬁlm and ﬁlms of ﬁction. The cinema, the art of the double, is already the transition from the real world to the imaginary world, and ethnography, the science of the thought systems of others, is a permanent crossing point from one conceptual universe to another; acrobatic gymnastics, where losing one's footing is the least of the risks. Rouch made ﬁlms about other people for three reasons. First, of course, he made them for himself, then for general audiences. Third, he made them because ''ﬁlm is the only method I have to show another just how I see him'' and if it were participatory. 112 It became a way of changing the anthropological relationship: ''Thanks to feedback, the anthropologist is no longer an entomologist observing his subject as if it were an insect (putting it down) but rather as if it were a stimulant for mutual understanding (hence dignity).'' Even today, people concerned with questions of power and meaning in ethnographic ﬁlm turn back to Jean Rouch. Made with... Participation by the subjects has also been part of an engaged, anticolonial practice, as Taking Pictures (1996), about a generation of ethnographic ﬁlmmakers in Australia and New Zealand, documents well. In the 1960s and 1970s, as Australians began to reconsider their relationship to the indigenous 113 Subgenres Ethnographic ﬁlmmakers have built on Rouch's courageous creativity in ﬁnding ways to bridge the power gap between subject and maker, and they also experimented on their own. David and Judith MacDougall, who studied anthropology and did graduate work in ﬁlm, have produced distinctive and thoughtful work embodying and expostulating a theory of ''participatory cinema, '' a term they prefer to ''cinema verité'' although their work is classically observational. The MacDougalls' ﬁlms share an open respect for the cultural habits and choices of the subjects of the ﬁlm, without asking viewers to like or sympathize with them. In The Wedding Camels: A Turkana Marriage (1976) the MacDougalls followed the process by which a wedding was negotiated among a group in Kenya whom they knew well. The ﬁlm reveals a profoundly different notion of marriage from the contemporary Western one. At the same time, the MacDougalls' choices also express their own convictions: their ﬁlms on the Turkana are implicit endorsements of the right of pastoralists to live as pastoralists. David MacDougall states that he wants ''to reclaim documentary as an arena of engagement with the world, one that actively confronts reality, and that in so doing is transformed into a mode of inquiry in its own right.'' Documentary Film population and as New Guinea gained independence in 1975, anthropologists and ﬁlmmakers saw themselves as progressives working for and sometimes with native peoples to recover their dignity and selfimage. These projects raised many of the questions ﬁlmmakers and anthropologists confronted in making them. Australian anthropologist Jerry Leach, ﬁlmmaker Gary Kildea, and a Trobriand Island (part of Papua New Guinea) political association jointly worked to make Trobriand Cricket (1979). The ﬁlm follows the game of cricket the islanders adapted from their excolonial masters so thoroughly that it has become an elegant expression of their own culture. They used the game to make a transition from deadly warfare to gamebased and symbolic warfare; far from victims in need of salvage ethnography they, like Rouch's subjects, are creative cultural innovators. The ﬁlm spoke to whites by whites and to Trobriand Islanders, about themselves. Filmmakers can also reverse the camera. Australian Dennis O'Rourke worked with Papuans to make the acerbic Cannibal Tours (1987), in which the exotic subjects were the tourists who came to visit Papua and who frequently bafﬂed the natives with their bizarre customs. Made by... Concern with participation and sharing in ethnographic ﬁlmmaking, along with the rising demands of indigenous groups and new nations, led to the growth of indigenous production. It changed the ﬁeld of visual anthropology as well; Faye Ginsburg and others began to argue that the ﬁeld must concern itself with the anthropology of media. One large question within that topic has been the ability of the traditional subjects of ethnographic work to make their own media. Ginsburg, Eric Michaels, George Stoney, and Lorna Roth have all been as much champions of indigenous expression as analysts of it. Empowering indigenous creators became a movement in the 1970s, fueled by ''Fourth World, '' ''First Nations, '' or indigenous 114 activism and thereby lowered costs of video. In Canada, the National Film Board's Challenge for Change program, intended to strengthen community integration and ability of Canada's underrepresented communities to represent themselves, worked with native activists. Films such as You Are on Indian Land (1969), a record of a protest by Mohawk Indians of a treaty violation, and Cree Hunters of the Mistassini (1974), a celebration of the huntergatherer culture of the northern Cree menaced by a hydroelectric project, were made and used as part of campaigns to reclaim land and landuse rights. Canadian native peoples learned from these interactions as they negotiated for communications systems for the region that in 1999 became autonomous. In Latin America, Brazilian Indians learned to use video to record traditional culture through the Video in the Villages project. Subgenres 12. Through the Video in the Villages project, Amazonian Indians made ﬁlms like Cheiro de Pequi (The Smell of the Pequi Fruit) that put ethnographic ﬁlmmaking into the ﬁrstperson. Directed by Takumã Kuikuro and Maricã Kuikuro, with Vincent Carelli, 2006. 115 Documentary Film They used it to revive traditional practices, to create a record of their negotiations with white people, and eventually to tell myths and stories of their own lives to others. Some of the work, aimed at outsiders, used a deliberately naı̈ve perspective, such as the video letter format of From the Ikpeng Children to the World (2004). In other cases, Indians recounted myths or recorded ceremonies with goals such as preserving knowledge and enhancing awareness of their cultural wealth. In still others, such as Cheiro de Pequi (The Smell of the Pequi Fruit, 2006), the Indians (in this case the Kuikuro) connect the mythic past with present ceremony and daily life. In Australia, aboriginal groups produced work describing their struggles, such as Two Laws (1981), produced with help from a community group, about the need to recognize aboriginal laws and customs. Aboriginal artists such as Tracey Moffatt created work that not only documented experience but used experimental and ﬁctional approaches to do so. Aboriginal youth have created, in Us Mob, both an ongoing video project and an online website and community. In Finland, Samı́ director PaulAnders Simma, in Legacy of the Tundra (1995) showed outsiders the culture of reindeer herding under ecological strain. People in dominant cultures have often worried about the effect of media production on indigenous cultures. Indigenous ﬁlmmakers and activists have typically found this concern either bafﬂing or insulting. Typically, the concern depends on a static conception of traditional culture, rather than seeing culture as the ﬂexible social skin that takes on new shapes with new information, such as that seen in Trobriand Cricket. Indigenous activists argue that they are also inevitably bombarded with modern media and communications, and should be permitted access to expression as well as consumption. If, at the same time, indigenous people lack the ability to tell and transmit their own stories (since they have little control over much of the mass media that comes to them), mass media can become what 116 Faye Ginsburg calls a ''Faustian contract, '' where they sell their cultural souls for access to media. As with all other social inequalities, the power imbalance is rarely solved with a technical ﬁx. For whom and for what? The challenges that documentaries on cultural issues and practices face in crossing cultural boundaries, both with subjects and users, are the challenges that Jean Rouch addressed with unfailing optimism, and that have always been at the heart of anthropology. Nature Animals were among the ﬁrst subjects for ﬁlmmakerscute pets, dead trophies, and exotic creatures. As documentary grew in commercial importance, so did the animal subjects, who cost less than actors. The nature documentary, also called environmental, conservationist, or wildlife, is now a major subgenre, an established part of the broadcast schedule and a dynamic category. Nature documentaries, which at ﬁrst glance seem to be straightforward and ideologically neutral, expose our assumptions about our relationships with our environment. 117 Subgenres Is ethnographic ﬁlm for scientists, its subjects, or television audiences? Can there be overlaps or common goals? This is still a hotly debated question. So far anthropologists have not found funding or intellectual armature for a scientiﬁc method. Teachers regularly use work that was designed for a commercial or quasicommercial television market. Indigenous people often have had clearly deﬁned and practical reasons for their work: creating a record, warning authorities, exchanging cultural information with other cultural groups, educating whites. They rarely reach mass media and broad audiences in the global North, however. Educational entertainment Documentary Film Early nature ﬁlms were driven by two seemingly opposing goals: science, and entertainment. Over time, the two impulses merged into the malleable claim of entertaining education. In the late nineteenth century, scientiﬁc experiments with photographyincluding a French physiologist's invention to record birds in ﬂightpushed forward the creation of motion pictures. Scientists seized upon cinema as a way to document objectively their observations, but not only did they inevitably edit and design their ﬁlms (something not always obvious to other scientists), mitigating the pure observational quality, but they also privileged the visual aspect of scientiﬁc observation. More general interest documentaries popularized scientiﬁc knowledge. An early British series of short documentaries, which ran from 1922 to 1933, called Secrets of Nature, presaged later nature series. At the same time, entertainers looked to ﬁlm as the next step beyond slide shows of travelogues and hunting expeditions. One of the ﬁrst documentaries, Hunting the White Bear (1903), triggered a wave of chase ﬁlms. Some safarigoers brought along their personal ﬁlmmakers, simply to create trophy records. British photographer Cherry Kearton's record of Theodore Roosevelt's African safari, titled Roosevelt in Africa (1910), also featured trophies, but audiences preferred action. Predictably, ﬁlmmakers began faking or staging scenes and slaughtering animals to get their footage. (For a critical look at early travelogue ﬁlms, watch the 1986 compilation ﬁlm From the Pole to the Equator, which links safari ﬁlms with other imperial adventures.) Following the success of Nanook of the North and Chang, Martin and Osa Johnson developed a highly successful commercial business producing nature ﬁlm, including commercial tieins with adventure clothing. Wealthy backers funded a fouryear trip to Africa, which resulted in Simba (1928). In it, the Johnsons 118 portrayed themselves living a simple, preindustrial life on ''Lake Paradise.'' They gave names to the animals shown in the ﬁlm including the noble lionand turned Africans themselves into comical wildlife as well. Simba was a huge success in theaters and inspired many other, cheaper ﬁlms. The thrill of seeing dangerous animals has never truly gone away. Steve Irwin's The Crocodile Hunter television series, an international hit until his death in 2006, depended on his risk taking. Disney's nature The Walt Disney studio synthesized themes of danger, noble savagery, and reverence in the pioneering TrueLife Adventure series, launched with the 1948 Academy Awardwinning short ﬁlm Seal Island. The Disney ﬁlms, which originally could not ﬁnd a distributor and forced Disney to open its own Buena Vista studios, ended up on broadcast television. These ﬁlms became enormously popular and proﬁtable worldwide. In fact, the series may have saved Disney studios from failure after its expensive animation ﬁlms bombed at the box ofﬁce. In these ﬁlms, dramatic narrative was driven by a toothandclaw Darwinism. The sight of death, however, was discreetly managed for general audiences, and death was always purposeful. For instance, Seal Island ignores the fact that seal bulls sometimes 119 Subgenres In contrast to the violenceﬁlled safari ﬁlm was the ﬁlm showing the exquisite balance of nature. Here, man was the dangerous intruder. The work of Swedish ﬁlmmaker Arne Sucksdorff, whose lyrical nature documentaries became worldwide hits, exempliﬁed and distilled this style. His bestknown feature documentary, The Great Adventure (1953), featured a young boy's lyrical view of nature. Sucksdorff 's work inspired other bucolic ﬁlms; perhaps the best known was Georges Rouquier's Farrebique (1946), which chronicled the seasons on a French farm. trample pups by accident. The drama of TrueLife Adventures the ﬁrst was The Living Desert (1953)was driven by techniques of ﬁction cinema. Broad and breathtaking widescreen panoramas instill awe; expert pacing ensures suspense; music is portentous or tittering. Documentary Film Human beings are absent, but animals play human roles strangely like a postwar suburban American nuclear familyprotective mothers, concerned fathers, rambunctious children. TrueLife Adventures took place in a time and place comfortably removed from that of the viewer; any trace of human beings was carefully expunged. Photographers were told to choose sites where there was virtually no whiff of civilization. The Vanishing Prairie's (1954) narration promised to take viewers to a place in ''a time without record or remembrance, when nature alone held dominion over the prairie realm.'' Blue chip and IMAX TrueLife Adventures spurred the creation of longrunning international series such as the British Nature ﬁlms (1982). The socalled blue chip documentary became a staple of international documentary production for broadcast. Such documentaries feature large animals, an absence of humans or human inﬂuence, and a dramatic narrative driven by reproduction and predation (sex and violence). Blue Planet, the BBC/Discovery Channel series produced in 2001, provides an excellent example. This breathtaking series, full of technological wizardry and natural wonder, explores the oceans of the world without much of a hint that human action is changing conditions for the extraordinary animals it features. Largeformat IMAX ﬁlms depend on bluechip assumptions in order to draw museum and event audiences to their largescreen spectacle. Insects (Bugs! in 3D, 2003), large animals (Dolphins!, 2000), and a host of shark ﬁlms all immerse viewers in stories 120 of natural marvels with little human interference. The rising popularity of documentaries in theaters in the early twentyﬁrst century was also buoyed by bluechip nature drama. The French Jacques Perrin's Winged Migration (2001) offers viewers astonishing closeups of birds taking off, in ﬂight, and landing to conduct their seasonal migrations. Far from capturing nature, however, the production team actually raised the birds themselves so that the animals would not be afraid of the cumbersome machinery. Luc Jacquet's highly popular international hit March of the Penguins (2005), also French, chronicles the seasonal struggle of penguins to reproduce under the conditions of the Antarctic. The ﬁlm's love story theme strategically ignores basic penguin realities such as the fact that they mate for only one season and skirts discussion of the global warming threatening the birds' existence. Environmental Some independent ﬁlmmakers, however, have challenged viewers to consider their relationship to animals and the natural 121 Subgenres At the same time TrueLife Adventures was launched, the environmental movement was born in conservation and preservation efforts. The 1950s television series The Living Earth, backed by the Conservation Society, deeply penetrated the K12 educational market. These documentaries stressed the role of human actions on the balance of nature. As environmental consciousness grew, these themes have become more and more common. Nonetheless, substantial artiﬁce goes into even conservationist programming. Most such programs use realism to depict the relationships they show, employing strategic staging, elision editing, and scripting to tell their stories: One animal may actually be made up of shots of several animals; animals' behavior may be provoked, to get exciting footage; most shark ﬁlms depend on teasing sharks for their action footage. Many nature ﬁlms minimize or erase the role of the ﬁlmmakers; others turn the ﬁlmmakers into daring neosafari leaders, as the BBC's Big Cat series does. Documentary Film environment. Australian expatriate Mark Lewis has made a career of raisedeyebrowand very funnyﬁlms about people and animals. Cane Toads (1988) looks at the consequences of introducing the cane toad into Australia with savage black humor. This venomous toad had no effect on the beetle it was imported to kill, but it has become a major pest. Lewis's Rat (1998) and Natural History of the Chicken (2000) chronicle quirky, disgusting, and unusual relationships people have with their alltoodomestic animals. Werner Herzog's Grizzly Man (2005) looks at the grim end of Timothy Treadwell, a deranged documentarian who lived in bear country, mistook bears for his friends, and was eaten by one of them. Herzog contrasts Treadwell's misguided sentimentalism with his own nihilism and belief in the inherent cruelty of nature; he matches Treadwell's narcissism with his own and manages to make the bears look more digniﬁed than any of the people in the ﬁlm. One of the most successful theatrical documentaries of all time could be considered a nature ﬁlm: Davis Guggenheim's An Inconvenient Truth (2006). Featuring former vice president Al Gore performing a vividly illustrated lecture on global warming, the ﬁlm puts people in the center of a story about natural calamity. Using dramatic pictures of melting ice, simulations of rising water ﬂooding Manhattan, animation of a drowning polar bear, and astonishing graphs and charts, Gore demonstrates the urgency of the problem. Interwoven are personal reminiscenceshis father's farm, the local river, his son's nearly fatal accident, his sister's death. He exposes his failure to convince politicians to act on global warming, saying that they need to hear from their constituents. The combination of scientiﬁc data, natural beauty, the jawdropping pictures of catastrophe, and personal transformation ready the viewers for the good news at the end: human action can save our planet. These ﬁlms strikingly contrast with the safari and Disney traditions in nature ﬁlms because they focus on human action and interactionnot only with animals but with the ecosystems in which we all live. They also help us see what is not in many nature 122 programs and ﬁlms, and they give us models for new approaches to the stories of our environment. Signiﬁcance and ethics Much critique has focused on the popular ﬁlms and TV series featuring large animals (BBC's Big Cat Week and Discovery Channel's Shark Week, for example), asking questions about the animals' treatment, the accuracy of the depiction, and the claims of the narrative. Derek Bousé believes most wildlife ﬁlms are so highly crafted that they effectively become ﬁctions. Gregg Mitman, on the other hand, believes that nature documentaries' challenges in representing reality are no more complex than they are in other forms of documentary ﬁlm. Critics have also questioned whether most popular nature documentaries have positive educational value. Certainly viewers may easily miss a conservationist message. Steve Irwin was a 123 Subgenres 13. An Inconvenient Truth, in which Al Gore made global warming a public concern, created new expectations for environmental ﬁlmmaking. Directed by Davis Guggenheim, 2006. Documentary Film vocal conservationist, but after he was stung to death by a stingray, fans killed and mutilated sting rays up and down the Australian coastline. Bill McKibben charges that when programs show closeups of endangered species, they communicate the opposite messagethere are plenty of cheetahs, look at them! They also create expectations that animals in their own natural setting are in constant dramatic motion. Veteran ''bluechip'' documentary producer David Attenborough once said that a program ''about a jungle where nothing happens is not really what you turned the television set on to see.'' Such programs only take a tiny sliver of the animal lifethe big mammals, mostlyon the planet seriously. ''The upshot of a nature education by television is a deep fondness for certain species and a deep lack of understanding of systems, or of the policies that destroy those systems, '' McKibben argues. The global warming crisis may stimulate a trend in nature documentaries to focus not only on animals but on the systems that sustain life and on human beings' role in affecting the system. The ﬁeld has already evolved considerably. Certainly the casual cruelty and fakery of early nature documentaries would be anathema today. As nature documentaries ﬁll entire new channels and categories in television's sprawling landscape, they will continue to chronicle, whether deliberately or not, our relationship with our environment. The health of the subgenre is now intimately linked with the health of the global ecosystem. 124 Chapter 3 Conclusion The documentary form has evolved with technological possibilities. The advent of sound, color, and 16mm all transformed the way that ﬁlmmakers could capture reality and tell stories. The advent of video dramatically changed who could capture reality and expanded the range of people telling stories. IMAX and highdeﬁnition technologies brought new spectacle to our screens. Digitization and the Internet once again modify and transﬁgure possibilities and opportunities. They have made possible mailorder video rental, digital video recorders, broadband television and cell phone movies. None of these changes made longform documentary obsolete. Rather, they invested that genre with even more value. Films such as Jehane Noujaim's Control Room (three months with Al Jazeera news channel during the beginning of the Iraq war) and Morgan Spurlock's Super Size Me (about obesity and fast food) won increased legitimacy from their festival and theatrical achievements in 2004. The market value for highend spectacle increased, as the growth of IMAX production demonstrated. These changes have made it possible, however, to imagine documentary on a far wider continuum. Human rights video segments and minidocs, for example, can be used to spur a Web 125 viewer's commitment, as the organizations WITNESS and OneWorld TV demonstrate. Nongovernmental organizations everywhere can create video for their members, donors, and constituencies, either on their own or with documentary production ﬁrms. Young people can produce video of any length, for any purpose, on their own, or with professionals. Documentary Film Longform, amateur, and Internet video can all be combined in the same project. The 2004 Video Letters project in the Balkans, executed by the Dutch team Eric van den Broek and Katarina Rejger, facilitated exchanges of video letters among people whose ties had been broken by war. The makers created halfhour television episodes chronicling the interaction and traveled throughout the Balkans with an Internetequipped van, allowing people to connect with longlost friends and acquaintances. Many political movements and organizations have employed documentaries in their causes. Indians in Mexico who joined the Zapatista movementwhich announced itself as the Zapatista Army of Liberation (EZLN) to the world in 1993 via the Internet partnered with international activists to produce videos about their lives and struggle. The videos have been seen in community and religious organizations as well as on the Internet. Young people attracted to the antiglobalization movement have made ﬁlms witnessing their demonstrations and proclaiming revolutionary intentions, including Big Mouth Media's Fourth World War (2004). With smallformat cameras, Chinese villagers have documented their outrage at government land conﬁscation for development projects and attracted international attention. New technologies do not, of course, solve old problems of truthfulness. The notorious documentary Loose Change, a recitation of discredited conspiracy theories about the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, is still viewed regularly on the Internet. LonelyGirl15's video blog entries on YouTube, featuring a cloistered religious teen's ﬁrst daring steps toward rebellion, 126 attracted a huge fan base before a group of artists admitted it was all ﬁction. New technologies vastly increase the volume of production under the rubric of documentary. This volume may create new subgenres or may eventually force rethinking. When political operatives, fourth graders, and product marketers all make downloadable documentaries, will we redraw parameters around what we mean by ''documentary''? As we have seen, the genre of documentary is deﬁned by the tension between the claim to truthfulness and the need to select and represent the reality one wants to share. Documentaries are a set of choicesabout subject matter, about the forms of expression, about the point of view, about the story line, about the target audience. Documentarians will continue to wrestle productively with questions such as: How does a ﬁlmmaker responsibly represent reality? What truths will be told? Why are they important, and to whom? What is the ﬁlmmaker's responsibility to and relationship with the subjects of the work? Who gets the opportunity to make documentaries, how are they seen, and under what constraints? 127 Conclusion While it may seem obvious, these deﬁnitions have also been obscured in much debate about documentary. Documentary's foundersFlaherty, Grierson, and Vertovdid not so much articulate the tension driving documentary as exhibit it. Each one of them promised access to reality through art, without explaining at what point artistic license broke the implicit contract with the viewer. New technologies, such as 16mm, have regularly been trumpeted as ways out of the quandary, but they only created more ways to explore it. Applying high journalistic standards can work toward accuracy, but those standards do not resolve the problem that a documentary always represents rather than just showing reality. Filmmakers will work with the tools at hand. These include the formal conventions that register good faith, accuracy, and unique presence to a viewer, conventions that can be anything from a sonorous narrator to a shaky camera. They include expectations that viewers bring with them from established subgenres and include the participation of authorities and celebrities, and the imprimatur of organizations that viewers trust. Documentary Film Makers will also beneﬁt from studying the struggles of past documentarians to work in good faith, whether it is the political passion of a Joris Ivens or a Barbara Kopple, the crosscultural pursuits of a Jean Rouch, the empathic explorations of an Allan King, the historical mission of a Henry Hampton. The problem of how to represent reality will continue to be worth wrestling with, because the documentary says, ''This really happened, and it was important enough to show you. Watch it.'' The importance of documentary may be in public affairs or celebritydriven entertainment. It may be important for fourteenyearold skateboarders or residents of one apartment building; it may be important until the end of the month or the end of the semester or the end of time. Documentary makes connections, grounded in real life experience that is undeniable because you can see and hear it. A note on history and scholarship This book is informed by a substantial body of scholarship, much of it but by no means all created by academics. This note sketches the evolution of documentary scholarship, in the hopes that those captivated by the challenges of documentary may also contribute to its understanding. Most ﬁlmmakers are too busy making their work to describe it, much less archive it and locate it in a context. Journalists rarely 128 have the luxury of historical research and comparative knowledge of the ﬁeld (with striking exceptions such as J. Hoberman, Ruby Rich, Jonathan Rosenbaum, and Stuart Klawans); academic work is, therefore, a key resource for documentary. Scholarship identiﬁes important creators and trends, keeps a record of what has gone before, and also sets the agenda for what we think are the main issues or problems in documentary. It is an ongoing and ﬂuid process. Historical narrative The deﬁnitive narrative of documentary history was established in 1971 by Erik Barnouw. The Dutchborn American scholar, ﬁlmmaker, and curator undertook the task of writing a truly international history of documentary, titled, simply, Documentary. His task, undertaken while teaching at Columbia University, took him to more than a score of nations worldwide, including Japan, India, Egypt, the Soviet Union, and countries in 129 Conclusion Makers were the ﬁrst recorders of documentary history, though, and they were predictably biased. For decades, the most proliﬁc and the most widely circulated writers were Griersonians. Leading writer, teacher, and ﬁlmmaker Paul Rotha argued that documentary was ''instruction for the awakening of civic consciousness among the public, '' and Rotha's writing was part of the missionary work he did to raise that consciousness. His Documentary Film: The Use of the Film Medium to Interpret Creatively and in Social Terms the Life of the People as it Exists in Reality was translated into several languages and widely used in courses. He recounted historyfocused only on Europeas background to his teaching of ﬁlm production. Learn, he counseled, from the close observation of the romantic Flaherty; from the aesthetic experiments of continental Europeans such as Cavalcanti, Ruttman, and Ivens; from the reportorial passion of Vertov and the propagandistic techniques of Eisenstein and of Grierson, in order to make your socially inﬂuential work. Documentary Film Eastern Europe as well as Western European ﬁlmproducing countries. With a broad humanist vision and healthy curiosity, he asked himself what conditions create the possibilities for certain kinds of work (i.e., propaganda, or avantgarde art ﬁlm), and he focused on leading and inﬂuential ﬁgures. In Barnouw's resulting unpretentious and authoritative social history, Flaherty, Grierson, and Vertov were no longer warring factions to be judged but historical innovators differently setting history in motion. He used charismatic creators as guides through the history, exemplifying eras and approaches. The book begins with early experiments in nonﬁction at the origins of cinema. Barnouw's founding fathers (the founding was maledominated, although women provided critically important support in production, editing, and marketing) include Flaherty, the Explorer; Dziga Vertov, the Reporter; young Joris Ivens, the Painter; and Grierson, the Advocate. The narrative tracks the growth of the powerful advocacy impulse in the early work of German fascist documentarian Leni Riefenstahl, the New Deal work of Pare Lorentz in the United States, leftist ﬁlmmaking in 1930s Japan, and the work of the British documentary movement, which culminated in the wartime propaganda of World War II. The book describes use of documentary ﬁlm in the postwar period as poetry, as history, ethnography, and advocacy. It charts the rise of the sponsored documentary and the TV documentary. An international movement of dissent also develops new expressive techniques. The observational ﬂyonthewall approach exempliﬁed by artists such as Richard Leacock, Albert and David Maysles, Frederick Wiseman, and Allan King is compared with the more provocative cinema verité approach practiced by artists worldwide. The narrative ends with a range of dissident ﬁlm movements: underground ﬁlms in the new Soviet empire, protest ﬁlms against the American war in Vietnam, and ﬁlms protesting industrial growth in Japan, among others. 130 Analytical scholarship Scholarship about documentaries developed as cinema studies, growing out of literature departments, and some students became professors in the discipline. The origins of the ﬁeld skewed scholarly research toward the analytical focus on texts typical of literary scholarswith the text in this case being the ﬁlm. As the academic ﬁeld of cultural studiesthe study of the formation of culture, with particular attention to conditions of production and receptiongrew, so did studies of how ﬁlm movements developed and how ﬁlms were received and used. 131 Conclusion Unsentimentally and with a wealth of speciﬁcs, Barnouw portrayed documentary makers overall as voices of freedom, conviction, and engagement with the world. He showed them exploring the medium to tell stories neglected by the evermorepowerful mainstream media, which he had earlier analyzed in a threevolume history of television. Documentary was immediately used in ﬁlm studies classes, which were growing rapidly in popularity. In the same time period, others also produced popular texts developed out of classroom use and production mentoring. Lewis Jacobs created a valuable anthology of writings on documentary, for example. He organized it more or less chronologically, with such themes as innovation (the founder era), conservatism (the postwar moment), and engagement (cinema verité). Richard Barsam developed a framework that looked at documentary as an art within a longer aesthetic tradition of realism, and which also took a broad range of expression into consideration, in Nonﬁction Film: A Critical History. Jack Ellis, who had worked with Grierson, published The Documentary Idea, which focused on Englishlanguage social documentary and unabashedly showed his fondness for Grierson; he later updated it with Betsy McLane. However, the broad geographical and aesthetic range and limpid clarity of Barnouw was unmatched by any other synthetic historian. Documentary Film Academics have extensively explored the complexities behind documentary's seemingly simple claim to truthfulness about the real world. Their close readings of ﬁlms have parsed exactly how ﬁlmmakers achieve the illusion of transparent revelation of truth; they have often brought a rich body of biographical and historical knowledge to their close readings as well. In addition, they have challenged and reexamined the reputation and role of foundational ﬁgures, particularly those of Grierson and Flaherty. In this genre, academics have developed their own categories within which to understand and critique the work of documentarians. Categorization lays the groundwork for them to interpret and analyze the work; such categories have value only as they help explain how documentaries work, and as they continue to be invented. Scholarly categories differ sharply from the categories used in the business marketplace, where subject areas (history, wildlife, science, children's) dominate. They focus on the techniques ﬁlmmakers use to represent reality and thus put the problem of representation in such a way that convinces viewers it is not representation at all, but reality. Bill Nichols, for example, described four ways of addressing the viewer in documentary, each with different implications for claims to truthfulness: expository (i.e., a voiceofgod narrator); observational (such as the Maysles brothers' work); interactive (oral histories and interviews and the like); and reﬂexive (work that comments on its own form, such as that of Vertov or the ﬁlm The Ax Fight). Nichols and others critiqued and added to these categories; Keith Beattie added reconstructive (docudrama) and observationentertainment (reality TV) to the list. Michael Renov described four functional modes of documentaries: recording, persuading, analyzing, and expressing. Many academics and scholars have dedicated themselves to chronicling and analyzing advocacy and activist documentaries. This reﬂects in part the historic role of documentarians, so well identiﬁed by Barnouw, as voices of dissent and criticism. It also 132 shows a liberal tilt in the academic community as well as in the living center of documentary production in the 1970s and early 1980s when the ﬁrst wave of documentary studies scholars were completing their ﬁrst work. This focus on activism has been particularly well represented in the Visible Evidence book series. For instance, work has been done on AIDS activist documentaries from the 1980s on in the United States; feminist, gay and lesbian documentaries, African American documentaries, and ''guerrilla'' or alternative and oppositional documentaries. Emerging areas Documentary scholarship is still developing, and there are fruitful potential areas of growth. Englishspeaking scholars, for example, have typically drawn little on international scholarship on documentary, although the reverse is not necessarily true. The 133 Conclusion There are many ways of asking why and how documentaries differ from ﬁction ﬁlm, given that they share so many techniques. William Guynn, drawing on theory developed for ﬁction ﬁlms, has argued that documentary ﬁlm is less satisfying than ﬁction, because it fails to give the viewer the same unrecognized return of the repressedthe promise of fantastic unity and integration. Postmodernist analysts challenge documentary's use of psychological realism (much the same as in ﬁction ﬁlm) to represent reality. Realism, in their analysis, works merely to obscure the ideology of bourgeois culture. Nichols argues that documentaries that play with the viewer's expectation for transparency and truth reﬂect more creatively the multiple perspectives of postmodern life. Meanwhile, Brian Winston states that in an age of endless digital manipulation and aggressive viewer intervention, documentarians cannot claim either scientiﬁc accuracy or paternalistic right to lecture but must acknowledge that they are merely a speaker among speakers. Cognitive theorists such as Noël Carroll respond that human beings reasonably accurately interpret the data from the world around them, including that from the screens they watch. The illusion of reality, they argue, is not necessarily disempowering. Documentary Film Yamagata ﬁlm festival in Japan has vigorously fostered international exchange of scholarship with its online Documentary Box. There have been some impressive exceptions to Englishlanguage parochialism as well, such as the work of Julianne Burton and Michael Chanan on Latin American documentary and Markus Nornes on Japanese documentary. Most cinema studies scholars know little of the business of documentary distribution and are little interested in the most popular kinds of documentary. They have focused primarily on independent production and ﬁlms for general audiences, and on dissident and arthouse works. They typically leave speculation about the effects of formulaic and sponsored documentarywhere authorship is often much harder to track to sociologists and other social scientists who study media effects and who often have no particular knowledge of documentary form and tradition. And yet documentaries made for clients (''sponsored'' documentaries) and those formulaic documentaries shown on television are important and growing facets of documentary production, both of which are usually viewers' ﬁrst experiences of documentary. Sponsored and formulaic TV ﬁlms also often subsidize independent work, since this part of the business provides steady work for documentarians. Indeed, in some developing countries, sponsored work keeps the entire ﬁlm sector alive in between big projects. Looking at the intersections between sponsored and independent work could provide a better understanding of how documentary evolves. Because so little research has been done on sponsored documentaries, we know little about an area that surely accounts for the majority of ﬁlm productions. Organizations now use documentaries for conventions, board meetings, presentations, sales campaigns, and in strategic campaigns aimed at schoolchildren, AIDS patients, or employees learning to avoid 134 sexual harassment and the like. Sponsored ﬁlmmaking, both corporate and government, has also generated rich archival resources for ﬁlmmakers. Formulaic documentaries made as lowbrow entertainment have not caught many researchers' attention, but they may as the popularity of the genre grows. Cinema studies scholars eventually began studying genres such as the noir ﬁlm and ''the genius of the system, '' as Thomas Schatz called it, of movie studios; the example would be well applied to the work of documentaryfactories such as Discovery Communications. Other changes in documentary expression may well provoke academic activity. Burgeoning production in advocacy documentary and growing popularity of documentaries on timely topics may stimulate academic work on standards and ethics in the ﬁeld. The growth in participatory media may stimulate more interdisciplinary work, as sociologists, anthropologists, 135 Conclusion As entertainment documentaries grow in importance, we can expect to see scholars exploring these subgenres, their structures, strategies of representation, and appeal. Performance documentaries in music and comedy, ''making of '' documentaries, extreme sports documentaries, television series such as howtos, makeovers, cooking and other series, and docusoaps all build not only upon earlier by innovative documentarians but also condition the marketplace and viewers' expectations. Early work, some of which is listed in Further Reading, has been done on rockumentaries, such as D A Pennebaker's cinema verité classic Dont Look Back (1967) about a Bob Dylan tour, Martin Scorsese's The Last Waltz (1978) on The Band, and Jonathan Demme's 1984 Stop Making Sense, featuring the Talking Heads. Attention to more popular work will also engage scholars more fully with the economic realities of an art form bound tightly to commercial mass media; and we will learn more, through these means, about how economic conditions shape expression. Documentary Film communications scholars, political scientists, information scientists, and ﬁlm scholars each seek to understand the phenomenon. Scholarship will continue to change our understanding of documentary, and it will reﬂect a creative engagement between the interests of academics and the practices of documentarians. 136 One Hundred Great Documentaries These documentaries have been widely seen and discussed, and have been in many cases at the center of controversies; in other cases they have provided valuable teaching resources. They are all accessible for renting or buying for your private collection. You can use the index to this book and other books mentioned in the references, imdb.com, your local library, Netﬂix, Google, and the Library of Congress to ﬁnd out more about why these ﬁlms have attracted attention and esteem. Viewing this collection will set you up nicely with a context to watch your latest favorite, argue with this list, and build your own top one hundred. Nanook of the North, 1922 Grass, 1925 Berlin, Symphony of a Great City, 1927 The Fall of the Romanov Dynasty, 1927 Man with a Movie Camera, 1929 Rain, 1929 Land without Bread (Las Hurdes), 1932 Man of Aran, 1934 Song of Ceylon, 1934 Triumph of the Will, 1934 Night Mail, 1936 The Plow that Broke the Plains, 1936 Spanish Earth, 1937 Power and the Land, 193940 Listen to Britain, 1942 Why We Fight, 1942 Battle of San Pietro, 1945 Farrebique, 1946 Maı̂tres Fou, Les (Crazy Masters), 1955 Night and Fog, 1955 137 Documentary Film Tire Dié, 1958 Primary, 1960 Chronicle of a Summer, 1961 Mothlight, 1963 Battle of Culloden, 1964 Tokyo Olympiad, 1965 Dont Look Back, 1967 Titicut Follies, 1967 Warrendale, 1967 Hour of the Furnaces, 1968 Salesman, 1968 High School, 1969 Sorrow and the Pity, 1969 Selling of the Pentagon, 1971 World at War, 1973 Hearts and Minds, 1974 Ax Fight, 1975 Battle of Chile, 197579 The Wedding Camels, 1976 Harlan County USA, 1976 How the Myth Was Made, 1978 The Last Waltz, 1978 With Babies and Banners, 1978 Trobriand Cricket, 1979 The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter, 1980 N!ai: The Story of a !Kung Woman, 1980 Garden of Earthly Delights, 1981 Atomic Café, 1982 Burden of Dreams, 1982 Sans Soleil (Sunless), 1982 First Contact, 1983 When the Mountains Tremble, 1983 Cabra Marcado para Morrer (Twenty Years Later, a.k.a. A Man Listed to Die), 1984 Shoah, 1985 From the Pole to the Equator, 1986 Handsworth Songs, 1986 Sherman's March, 1986 Eyes on the Prize, 198790 Cane Toads, 1988 The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On, 1988 The Thin Blue Line, 1988 Roger & Me, 1989 Tongues Untied, 1989 Body Beautiful, 1990 The Civil War, 1990 Paris Is Burning, 1990 Allah, Tantou, 1991 Afrique, Je Te Plumerai, 1992 Lumumba, Death of a Prophet, 1992 The War Room, 1993 The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, 1993 Hoop Dreams, 1994 Celluloid Closet, 1995 Taking Pictures, 1996 4 Little Girls, 1997 Chile, Obstinate Memory, 1997 42 Up, 1998 What Farocki Taught, 1998 Cine´ma vérité, 1999 Gleaners and I, 2000 Stranger with a Camera, 2000 Dogtown and ZBoys, 2001 138 Fighter, 2001 Winged Migration, 2001 Amandla!, 2002 Bus 174, 2002 The Day I Will Never Forget, 2002 Rivers and Tides, 2002 Checkpoint, 2003 Fog of War, 2003 Control Room, 2004 Fahrenheit 9/11, 2004 From the Ikpeng Children to the World, 2004 The New Americans, 2004 Super Size Me, 2004 Tintin and I, 2004 Video Letters, 2004 A Decent Factory, 2005 Three Rooms of Melancholia, 2005 An Inconvenient Truth, 2006 One Hundred Great Documentaries 139 Further Reading and Viewing I have included here the most important texts I consulted in writing the book (in the case of proliﬁc authors not all their books are referenced). Grant and Sloniowski, Warren and Izod, et al. are all essay collections featuring authors I have referred to in the text. The place where I and almost everybody else started was, of course, Erik Barnouw. Films McLaren, Les, and Annie Stiven. Taking Pictures. First Run Icarus, 1996. Mú´ller, Ray. The Wonderful Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl. Kino on Video, 1998. Stoney, George. How the Myth Was Made. Available on the Home Vision DVD of Man of Aran, 1978. Wintonick, Peter. Cinema vérité: Deﬁning the Moment. National Film Board of Canada, 1999. Print Aitken, Ian. Film and Reform: John Grierson and the Documentary Film Movement. London: Routledge, 1990. . The Documentary Film Movement: An Anthology. Edinburgh: Edinburgh University Press, 1998. Alexander, William. Film on the Left: American Documentary Film from 1931 to 1942. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1981. Anderson, Joseph L., and Donald Richie. The Japanese Film: Art and Industry. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1982. 140 141 Further Reading and Viewing Aufderheide, Patricia. The Daily Planet: A Critic on the Capitalist Culture Beat. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2000. Aufderheide, Patricia, and Peter Jaszi, Untold Stories: Creative Consequences of the Rights Clearance Culture for Documentary Filmmakers. Washington, DC: Center for Social Media, American University, 2004. Barnouw, Erik. Tube of Plenty: The Evolution of American Television. New York: Oxford University Press, 1982. . Documentary: A History of the Nonﬁction Film. New York: Oxford University Press, 1993. . Media Marathon: A TwentiethCentury Memoir. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1996. Barsam, Richard. Nonﬁction Film: A Critical History. New York: Dutton, 1973. Beattie, Keith. Documentary Screens: Nonﬁction Film and Television. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2004. Benson, Thomas W., and Carolyn Anderson. Reality Fictions: The Films of Frederick Wiseman. Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois University Press, 1989. Bernard, Sheila Curran. Documentary Storytelling for Film and Videomakers. Boston: Focal Press, 2004. Bluem, A. William. Documentary in American Television: Form, Function [and] Method. Hastings House, 1965. Bousé, Derek. Wildlife Films. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2000. Boyle, Deirdre. Subject to Change: Guerrilla Television Revisited. New York: Oxford University Press, 1997. Burton, Julianne. The Social Documentary in Latin America. Pittsburgh, PA: University of Pittsburgh Press, 1990. Campbell, Richard. 60 Minutes and the News: A Mythology for Middle America. Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 1991. Campbell, Russell. Cinema Strikes Back: Radical Filmmaking in the United States, 19301942. Ann Arbor, MI: UMI Research Press, 1982. Carey, James W. Communication as Culture: Essays on Media and Society. London: Unwin Hyman, 1989. Carroll, Noël. Engaging the Moving Image. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2003. Chanan, Michael. Cuban Cinema. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2003. Documentary Film Culbert, David, Richard E. Wood, et al. Film and Propaganda in America: A Documentary History. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1990. Cunningham, Megan. The Art of the Documentary. Berkeley: New Riders, 2005. Delmar, Rosalind. Joris Ivens: 50 years of Filmmaking. London: Educational Advisory Service, British Film Institute, 1979. Dewey, John. The Public and Its Problems. New York: H. Holt and Company, 1927. Doherty, Thomas. Cold War, Cool Medium: Television, McCarthyism, and American Culture. New York: Columbia University Press, 2003. Eaton, Mick. Anthropology, Reality, Cinema: The Films of Jean Rouch. London: British Film Institute, 1979. Edgerton, Gary R. Ken Burns's America. New York: Palgrave, 2001. Ellis, Jack C. John Grierson: Life, Contributions, Inﬂuence. Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois University Press, 2000. Elsaesser, Thomas. Harun Farocki: Working on the Sightlines. Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press, 2004. Evans, Gary. John Grierson and the National Film Board: The Politics of Wartime Propaganda. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1984. Feldman, Seth. Allan King: Filmmaker. Toronto: Toronto International Film Festival, 2002. Ginsburg, Faye D., Lila AbuLughod, et al. Media Worlds: Anthropology on New Terrain. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2002. Grant, Barry, and Jeannette Sloniowski. Documenting the Documentary: Close Readings of Documentary Film and Video. Detroit: Wayne State University Press, 1998. Guynn, William. A Cinema of Nonﬁction. Madison, NJ: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1990. Hall, Jeanne. ''Realism as a style in cinema vérité: a critical analysis of Primary.'' Cinema Journal 30, no. 4 (1991): 3845. Halleck, DeeDee. Handheld Visions: The Impossible Possibilities of Community Media. New York: Fordham University Press, 2002. Henaut, Dorothy. '' Video Stories from the Dawn of Time.'' Visual Anthropology Review 7, no. 2 (1991): 85101. Hirsch, Marianne. Family Frames: Photography, Narrative, and Postmemory. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1997. 142 143 Further Reading and Viewing Holmlund, Chris, and Cynthia Fuchs. Between the Sheets, in the Streets: Queer, Lesbian, and Gay Documentary. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1997. Izod, John, R. W. Kilborn, et al. From Grierson to the Docusoap: Breaking the Boundaries. Hadleigh, Essex, UK: University of Luton Press, 2000. Jacobs, Lewis. The Documentary Tradition, from Nanook to Woodstock. New York: Hopkinson and Blake, 1971. Juhasz, Alexandra. Women of Vision: Histories in Feminist Film and Video. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2001. Juhasz, Alexandra, and Catherine Saalﬁeld. AIDS TV: Identity, Community, and Alternative Video. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1995. King, John. Magical Reels: A History of Cinema in Latin America. London: Verso, in association with the Latin American Bureau, 1990. Klotman, Phyllis, and Janet Cutler. Struggles for Representation: African American Documentary Film and Video. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1999. Leyda, Jay. Films Beget Films. New York: Hill and Wang, 1964. . Kino: A History of the Russian and Soviet Film. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1983. MacDonald, Scott. The Garden in the Machine: A Field Guide to Independent Films about Place. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2002. . A Critical Cinema 4: Interviews with Independent Filmmakers. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2005. MacDougall, David, and Lucien Taylor. Transcultural Cinema. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1998. Mamber, Stephen. Cinema Verité in America: Studies in Uncontrolled Documentary. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1974. Marx, Leo. The Machine in the Garden: Technology and the Pastoral Ideal in America. New York: Oxford University Press, 2000. Matthieson, Donald. ''Persuasive History: A Critical Comparison of Television's Victory at Sea and The World at War.'' History Teacher 25, no. 2 (1992): 23951. McEnteer, James. Shooting the Truth: The Rise of American Political Documentaries. Westport, CT: Praeger Publishers, 2006. McKibben, Bill. The Age of Missing Information. New York: Random House, 1992. Documentary Film Michaels, Eric. Bad Aboriginal Art: Tradition, Media, and Technological Horizons. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1994. Mitman, Gregg. Reel Nature: America's Romance with Wildlife on Films. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1999. Moran, James M. There's No Place like Home Video. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2002. Nelson, Joyce. The Colonized Eye: Rethinking the Grierson Legend. Toronto: Between the Lines, 1988. Nichols, Bill. Representing Reality: Issues and Concepts in Documentary. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1991. . Blurred Boundaries: Questions of Meaning in Contemporary Culture. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1994. Nornes, Markus. Japanese Documentary Film: The Meiji Era through Hiroshima. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2003. O'Connell, P.J. Robert Drew and the Development of Cinema Verité in America. Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois University Press, 1992. Orbanz, Eve. Journey to a Legend and Back. Berlin: Verlag Volker Spiess, 1977. Rabiger, Michael. Directing the Documentary. Boston: Focal Press, 2004. Raphael, Chad. Investigated Reporting: Muckrakers, Regulators, and the Struggle over Television Documentary. Carbondale, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2005. Rees, A. L. A History of Experimental Film and Video: From Canonical AvantGarde to Contemporary British Practice. London: BFI Publishing, 1999. Reeves, Nicholas. The Power of Film Propaganda: Myth or Reality? London: Cassell, 1999. Renov, Michael. Theorizing Documentary. London: Routledge, 1993. . The Subject of Documentary. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2004. Rich, B. Ruby. Chick Flicks: Theories and Memories of the Feminist Film Movement. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1998. Roscoe, Jane, and Craig Hight. Faking It: Mockdocumentary and the Subversion of Factuality. Manchester, UK: Manchester University Press, 2001. Rosenthal, Alan. New Challenges for Documentary. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1988. 144 145 Further Reading and Viewing Rosteck, Thomas. '' See It Now'' Confronts McCarthyism: Television Documentary and the Politics of Representation. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press, 1994. Roth, Lorna. Something New in the Air: The Story of First Peoples Television Broadcasting in Canada. Montreal: McGillQueen's University Press, 2005. Rotha, Paul. Documentary Film: The Use of the Film Medium to Interpret Creatively and in Social Terms the Life of the People as It Exists in Reality. New York: Hastings House, 1963. Rotha, Paul, and Jay Ruby. Robert J. Flaherty, a Biography. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1983. Rothman, William. Documentary Film Classics. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1997. Rouch, Jean, and Steven Feld. Cine´-ethnography. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2003. Ruby, Jay. Picturing Culture: Explorations of Film & Anthropology. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2000. Sato, Tadao. Currents in Japanese Cinema: Essays. Tokyo: Kodansha International, 1982. Schoots, Hans. Joris Ivens: Living Dangerously. Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press, 2000. Stam, Robert. Film Theory: An Introduction. Oxford: Blackwell, 2000. Sussex, Elizabeth. The Rise and Fall of British Documentary: The Story of the Film Movement Founded by John Grierson. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1975. Vaughan, Dai. For Documentary: Twelve Essays. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1999. Vertov, Dziga, and Annette Michelson. Kinoeye: The Writings of Dziga Vertov. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1984. Video nas aldeias (Video in the Villages). Um olhar indigena. São Paulo: Banco do Brasil, 2004. Charles Warren, Beyond Document: Essays on Nonﬁction Film. Lebanon, NH: University Press of New England for Wesleyan University Press, 1996. Waugh, Thomas. ''Show Us Life'': Toward a History and Aesthetics of the Committed Documentary. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 1984. Wees, William C. Light Moving in Time: Studies in the Visual Aesthetics of AvantGarde Film. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1992. Documentary Film Welsh, James Michael. Peter Watkins: A Guide to References and Resources. Boston: G. K. Hall, 1986. Winston, Brian. Claiming the Real: The Griersonian Documentary and Its Legitimations. London: British Film Institute, 1995. Worth, Sol, and John Adair. Through Navajo Eyes: An Exploration in Film Communication and Anthropology. Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 1997. Zimmermann, Patricia. Reel Families: A Social History of Amateur Film. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1995. 146 Index A An Inconvenient Truth, 78, 122, 123 Anka, Paul, 47 Anstey, Edgar, 34 À Propos de Nice, 15 Apta, Jan, 51 art ﬁlms conventions v., 14, 1718 optic experiments of, 16 sound experiments of, 1718 Asch, Tim, 11011 The Atomic Café, 75 Attenborough, David, 124 Australian National Film Board, 36 The Ax Fight, 11011, 132 Abrash, Barbara, x Achkar, David, 102 Adair, John, 1067 advocacy ﬁlm. See also third cinema cinema verité and, 87 collectives of, 82 CP and, 7981 Flaherty, Robert, inﬂuence on, 86 Godard group for, 82 Godard inﬂuence on, 86 government propaganda documentary v., 7778 Great Depression and, 79 Grierson, John, inﬂuence on, 86 Ivens and, 79 legacy of, 8791 Marker group for, 82 Moore v., 78 Stoney and, 8788 Vertov inﬂuence on, 86 Afrique, Je Te Plumerai (Africa, I Will Fleece You), 102 Akomfrah, John, 1012 Allah, Tantou, 102 Allen, Woody, 88 Alvarez, Santiago, 83 American Civil Liberties Union, 77 American Masters, 9596 An American Family, 55 Anderson, Carolyn, 53 Anderson, Lindsay, 46 on cinema verité, 5253 Anderson, Robin, 109 Anderson, Thom, 1516 Andy Warhol, 96 Anger, Kenneth, 16 B Babakiueria, 13 Bagwell, Orlando, xxi Banks and the Poor, 59 BarLev, Amir, 104 Barnouw, Erik, x, 50, 7374, 12932 Barsam, Richard, 131 The Battle of Chile (La Batalla de Chile), 85, 103 Chile, Obstinate Memory and, 104 impact of, 90 The Battle of San Piedro, 73 The Battle of the Somme, 65 Beattie, Keith, 132 Beauviola, JeanPierre, 46 Belson, Jordan, 16 Benson, Thomas, 53 Berlin: Symphony of a Great City, 1415 147 Documentary Film Capra , Frank, 70, 7273 on government propaganda documentary, 74 career beginnings of Flaherty, Robert, 27 of Grierson, John, 3233 of Vertov, 3940 Carey, James, 5 Carroll, Noël on cinema verité, 53 on documentary and realism, 133 Cavalcanti, Alberto, 15 CBS Reports, 58 signiﬁcant results from, 60 Celsius 41.11, 78 Chagnon, Napoleon, 11011 Challenge for Change, 47, 49 Chanan, Michael, 134 Chang, 107 Checkpoint, 9 Cheiro de Pequi (The Smell of the Pequi Fruit), 115, 116 Chequerboard, 58 The Chicago Maternity Center Story, 88 Chicano!, 99100 Chile, Obstinate Memory, 103, 104 Chronicle of a Summer, 51, 112 CinemaEye (KinoGlaz), 4142 cinema verité advocacy ﬁlm and, 87 in Britain, 46 in Canada, 4647, 49 controversy with, 5152 corporate struggles with, 47 ethics and, 5455 evolution of, 4549 in France, 46 present state of, 55 public affairs documentary and, 63 style of, 4445 in United States, 4647 city symphony ﬁlms, 1416 The Civil War, 9394 Best in Show, 14 Big Cat, 121 Binford, Mira, 104 Bing, Wang, 45 Birri, Fernando, 8384 Birth of a Nation, 27 Black Audio Collective, 101 Blank, Les, x, 106 Blood of the Beasts (Le sang des beˆtes), 46 Bluem, A. William, 53 Blue Planet, 120 Blue Vinyl, 8 Body Beautiful, 102 Border War, 90 Borinage, 79, 9091 Bousé, Derek, 123 Brakhage, Stan, 16 Brandeis, Louis, 77 Brault, Michael, 53 Brave New Films, 67, 90 Britten, Benjamin, 34 Broderick, Peter, 21 Broomﬁeld, Nick, 55 Brottman, Mikita, 96 Bumming in Beijing, 87 Buñuel, Luis, 13 Burns, Ken, 13 on The Civil War, 94 The Civil War by, 9394 critical opinion on work of, 94 Burton, Julianne, 134 Bus 174, 89 C Cabra Marcado para Morrer (Twenty Years Later, a.k.a. A Man Listed to Die), 102, 104 Cadillac Desert, 105 Canadian National Film Board, 18, 36, 38, 4748, 75, 115 Cane Toads, 122 Cannibal Tours, 114 148 D Daum, Menachem, 104 Davis, Peter, 5354 inﬂuential ﬁlms of, 62 Dead Birds, 108 de Antonio, Emile, 24, 62 149 Index Decade of Destruction, 60 The Defense of the United States, 60 Demme, Jonathan, 135 Derrida, 9697 Dewey, John, 5 Dhrupad, 17 Diamonds in the Snow, 104 Dick, Kirby, 9697 Disappearing World, 108 docudramas, 23 documentary. See also advocacy ﬁlm; art ﬁlms; city symphony ﬁlms; docudramas; ethnographic ﬁlm; government propaganda documentary; historical documentary; mockumentary; nature documentary; personal diary format; public affairs documentary analytical scholarship of, 13133 audience expectations with, 23 categorization of, 132 conventions of, 1112 deﬁning, 13, 910 evolution of, 12528 ﬁction ﬁlm v., 2, 12, 133 forms of, 1012 historical texts of, 12931 new technologies and, 12628 public issues and, 49 reality and, 5, 912 revenues of, 5 scholarship of, 12829, 13336 terms of, 34 tools of, 1011 Documentary (Barnouw), 12931 Documentary Box, 134 Documentary Filmmakers' Statement of Best Practices in Fair Use, 95 Documentary Film: The Use of the Film Medium to Interpret CloseUp!, 58 Communist Party (CP) advocacy ﬁlm and, 7981 The Spanish Earth and, 80 Connelly, Bob, 109 Control Room, 125 conventions art ﬁlms v., 14, 1718 business realities and, 18 documentary, 1112 of ethnographic ﬁlm, 1089 of public affairs documentary, 6263 satire of, 13 Cooper, Merian C., 107 Coutinho, Eduardo, 102, 104 Cowell, Adrian, 60 Coyote, Peter, 9091 CP. See Communist Party Cree Hunters of the Mistassini, 115 critical opinion on work of Burns, 94 on work of Flaherty, Robert, 3132 on work of Grierson, John, 3637 on work of Maysles, Albert, 55 on work of Maysles, David, 55 on work of public affairs documentary, 6364 on work of Vertov, 41 on work of Wiseman, 53 The Crocodile Hunter, 119 Crumb, 55 Curtis, Adam, 60 Curtis, Edward S., 28 Cutler, R.J., 50 ethnographic ﬁlm audiences and, 117 conventions of, 1089 deﬁning, 106 ethics and, 11617 Ginsburg on ethics in, 11617 indigenous creators in, 11417 revenues from, 107 science and, 10911 subject participation in, 11314 Eyes on the Prize, 99 Eye Spy, 76 Creativity and in Social Terms the Life of the People as it Exists in Reality (Rotha), 129 The Documentary Idea (Ellis), 131 Dogtown and ZBoys, 104 Dont Look Back, 53, 135 Drew, Robert, 4647 on documentaries of past, 51 public affairs documentary and, 63 Drifters, 33 Dziga Vertov group, 82 Documentary Film E F Edgerton, Gary, 94 Eisenstein, Sergi, 4243 The Eleventh Year, 42 Ellis, Jack, 131 Else, Jon on accuracy in ﬁlm, 105 ethical concerns of, 22 story structure and, 12 The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On, 99 End of the Dialogue (PhelaNdaba), 82 Enthusiasm, 42 The Eternal Jew, 6 ethics cinema verité and, 5455 controversial approaches and, 2325 Else concerns on, 22 ethnographic ﬁlm and, 11617 Ginsburg on ethnographic ﬁlm and, 11617 government propaganda documentary and, 7475 of interviews, 9899 nature documentary and, 12324 Nicholas and, 22 public affairs documentary and, 6364 reenactment and, 2223 Fahrenheit 9/11, ix, 1 Celsius 41.11 v., 78 propaganda v., 7 The Fall of the Romanov Dynasty, 9293 Faloni, Luigi, 32 Farocki, Harun, 24 Farrebique, 119 ﬁction ﬁlm, documentary v., 2, 12, 133 Field, Connie, 99 Fighter, 104 First Contact, 109 Flaherty, Frances, 31 Flaherty, Robert, 23, 108, 127, 12930, 132 advocacy ﬁlm inﬂuenced by, 86 appeal of, 3031 artistic choices of, 28, 30 career beginnings of, 27 corporate sponsors and, 20 critical opinion on work of, 3132 Grierson, John, inﬂuenced by, 33 Grierson, John, v., 38 Grierson, John, working with, 34 legacy of, 32 on Nanook of the North, 2829 realism of, 2526 Rouch inﬂuenced by, 111 150 G Gandhi, 23 The Garden of Earthly Delights, 16 Gardner, Robert, 108 Getino, Octavio, 84 Gibson, Evelyn, xxi Gimme Shelter, 55 Ginsburg, Faye, 58 on ethics in ethnographic ﬁlm, 11617 The Gleaners and I (Les Glaneurs et la glaneuse), 45 Godard, JeanLuc advocacy ﬁlm group of, 82 advocacy ﬁlm inﬂuenced by, 86 151 Index on cinema verité, 52 Godmilow, Jill, 2425 Gold, Dan, 8 Goldenberg, Sonia, 76 The Good Fight, 100 Gore, Al, 78, 122 government funding, 1820 government propaganda documentary advocacy ﬁlm v., 7778 Britain and, 66, 6869, 72 Canada and, 75 effectiveness of, 71, 7374 ethics and, 7475 format of, 65 Grierson, John, and, 67 Japan and, 66, 71, 7374, 75 legacy of, 7577 Lorentz and, 67 Nazi Germany and, 6566, 68, 71 public affairs documentary v., 65 Soviets and, 66 United States and, 6667, 7071, 7273 Vertov and, 67 World War I and, 65 Grass, 107 The Great Adventure, 119 Greene, Felix, 61 Greenﬁeld, Lauren, 50 Greenwald, Robert, 21 Grierson, John, 3, 31, 127, 12930, 132 advocacy ﬁlm inﬂuenced by, 86 career beginnings of, 3233 on Challenge for Change, 49 critical opinion on work of, 3637 ﬁrst ﬁlms of, 3335 on Flaherty, Robert, 35 Flaherty, Robert, inﬂuence on, 33 Flaherty, Robert, v., 38 Flaherty, Robert, working with, 34 government propaganda documentary and, 67, 7475 inﬂuence of, 3536 The Spanish Earth inﬂuenced by, 80 Stoney inﬂuenced by, 3031 themes of, 2930 Vertov v., 44 Fog of War, 97 The Ford Foundation, xxi Forest of Bliss, 108 Forgács, Peter, 104 The Forgotten Imperial Army, 49 formalism, 26 Forward, Soviet!, 42 Four Corners, 58 Fourth World War, 126 Fox, Beryl, 61 Fragrant Jewel Island, 86 Franju, Georges, 46 Freedom Files, 77 Friendly, Fred, 57 From the Ikpeng Children to the World, 116 From the Pole to the Equator, 118 Frontline, 5960 funding corporate, 2021 direct sale, 2122 government, 1820 print historians v., 9192 responsibilities when making, 1056 revisionism and, 97100 stories and, 9295 Hoberman, J., 129 Hollywood: The Golden Years, 94 Home for Life, 88 Honkasalo, Pirjo, x, 9 Hoop Dreams, 54, 5455, 88 Horne, Lena, 83 Hôtel des Invalides, 46 Hour of the Furnaces (La Hora de los hornos), 8485, 9091 Housing Problems, 34 Houston, Bobby, 23 How the Myth Was Made, 31 Hudson, Robert, 23 The Hunters, 110 Hunting the White Bear, 118 Huston, John, 73 Documentary Film Grierson (Cont.) legacy of, 3738 on Moana, 33 realism of, 2526 on social function of documentary, 35 third cinema v., 84 Vertov and inﬂuence on, 44 Grierson, Ruby, 3334 Grifﬁth, D.W., 27 Grizzly Man, 122 Guggenheim, Davis, 78, 122 Guynn, William, 133 Guzmán, Patricio The Battle of Chile and, 85 Chile, Obstinate Memory and, 1034 Ivens and, 85 H Hampton, Henry, x, 99, 128 Handsworth Songs, 1012 Hansen, Jim, 8 Happy Mother's Day, 47 Hara, Kazuo, 99 Harlan County, U.S. A., 88 Hearts and Minds, 62 Helfand, Judith, 8 Helmrich, Leonard Retel, 1089 Hemmingway, Ernest, 80 Hennebelle, Guy, 54 Herzog, Werner on cinema verité, 52 Grizzly Man and, 122 Hiding and Seeking, 104 HiroshimaNagasaki, August 1945, 7374 historical documentary biographies and, 9597 challenges facing, 9192 copyright issues facing, 9495 Holocaust and, 104 personal ﬁlms and, 100105 I Ichikawa, Kon, 49 Images d'Ostende, 15 IMAX, 12021 India 67, 49 Industrial Britain, 34 In Search of the Edge, 13 Inside North Vietnam, 61 interviews ethics of, 9899 Murrow and famous, 6061 In the King of Prussia, 24 In the Land of the War Canoes, 28 In the Year of the Pig, 62 Into the Arms of Strangers, 100 Iraq for Sale, 9091 Irwin, Steve, 119, 124 Isaacs, Jeremy, 9798 Iskra group, 82 Ivens, Joris, 1, 15, 128 advocacy ﬁlm and, 79 152 on cinema verité, 52 Cuba ﬁlmmakers and, 83 Guzmán and, 85 legacy of, 8081 Iwasaki, Akira, 7374 J Jabor, Arnaldo, 51 Jacobs, Lewis, 131 Jacobson, Harlan, 4 Jacquet, Luc, 121 James, Steve, 88, 90 Jarecki, Eugene, 7 Jaszi, Peter, 95 Jennings, Humphrey, 69, 72 Johnson, Martin, 11819 Johnson, Osa, 11819 Julien, Isaac, 101 K Kartemquin Films, 8890 Kaufman, Boris, 15 Kaufman, Mikhail, 40 Kaul, Mani, 17 Kearton, Cherry, 118 Kieslowski, Krzysztof, 86 Kildea, Gary, 114 King, Allan, 50, 128, 130 King Kong, 107 KinoPravda, 39 Kirkman, Larry, x Klawans, Stuart, 129 Koenig, Wolf, 53 Kofman, Amy Ziering, 9697 Kopple, Barbara, 88, 128 Koyaanisqatsi, 15 L Land without Bread (Las Hurdes: Tierra sin Pan), 13 Lanzmann, Claude, 9899 153 Index The Last Waltz, 135 Leach, Jerry, 114 Leacock, Richard, 4647, 110, 130 legacy of advocacy ﬁlm, 8791 of Flaherty, Robert, 32 of government propaganda documentary, 7577 of Grierson, John, 3738 of Ivens, 8081 of Rouch, 11213 of third cinema, 8791 of Vertov, 4344 of Wiseman, 50 Legacy of the Tundra, 116 Lewis, Chris, x Lewis, Mark, 122 Leyda, Jay, 43 The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter, 99 Linden, Adrienne, 110 Lippman, Walter, 33 Listen to Britain, 69 success of, 7273 The Living Desert, 120 The Living Earth, 121 Loader, Jayne, 75 London Can Take It, 72 London FilmMakers Coop, 82 London Women's Film Coop, 82 Lonely Boy, 47 Lonelygirl15, 12627 Longinotto, Kim, 45 Loose Change, 126 Lorentz, Pare, 6, 130 government propaganda documentary and, 67 Los Angeles Plays Itself, 1516 Louisiana Story, 30 The Lovely May, 51 Lumumba: Death of a Prophet, 102 Documentary Film M Moi, un Noir, 112 Momma Don't Allow, 46 Mondo Cane, 107 Montagu, Ivor, 31 Moore, Michael, 4 advocacy ﬁlm v., 78 propaganda v., 7 Morawski, Piotr, 76 Morin, Edgar, 51 Morley Safer's Vietnam, 61 Morris, Errol, 34 approach to biography of, 97 on cinema verité, 52 Mothlight, 16, 17 Moyers, Bill, 5960 Murrow, Edward R. on balance in ﬁlm, 2 corporate funding and, 20 famous interviews by, 6061 personality of, 62 MacDougall, David approach to ﬁlmmaking of, 113 on memory and ﬁlm, 100 MacDougall, Judith, 113 Maclear, Michael, 61 The Mad Twenties, 94 Les Maı´tres Fous, 11112 Manhatta, 14 manipulation, reality v., 2, 2425 Man of Aran, 2930 myth of, 31 Man with a Movie Camera, 1, 15, 43 commentary of, 4142 March of the Penguins, 6 synopsis of, 121 Marker, Chris advocacy ﬁlm group of, 82 new techniques of, 51 Sans Soleil and, 24 Valparaiso, Mi Amor and, 85 Marshall, Herbert, 43 Marshall, John, 110 Marx, Leo, 30 Maysles, Albert, 4647, 130, 132 critical opinion on work of, 55 Maysles, David, 4647, 130, 132 critical opinion on work of, 55 McAllister, Stewart, 69 McKibben, Bill, 124 McLane, Betsy, 131 McNab, David, 23 Mekas, Jonas, 16 Michaels, Eric, 114 Michelson, Annette, 43 Middletown, 5354 Mighty Times: Volume 2: The Children's March, 23 A Mighty Wind, 14 Minamata, 86 Mitmann, Gregg, 123 Moana, 3, 29, 33 mockumentary, 1314 Moffat, Tracey, 116 N N!ai: The Story of a !Kung Woman, 110 Nanook of the North, 2, 29, 107 cultural impact of, 2728 making of, 27 nobility in, 30 National Film Board (NFB). See Canadian National Film Board Native Land, 81 Natural History of Chicken, 122 Nature, 120 nature documentary, 117 beginnings of, 11819 blue chip and, 120 environmental movement in, 12123 ethics and, 12324 IMAX and, 12021 Walt Disney studios and, 11920 Navajo Film Project, 1067 Nejvesti Prani, 51 154 Nelson, Joyce, on Grierson, John, 37 The New Americans, 8890, 89 NFB. See National Film Board Nichols, Bill on documentary and postmodernism, 133 ethics and, 22 on personal documentaries, 105 techniques of, 132 Nicht löschbares Feuer (The Indistinguishable Fire), 24 Night Mail, 34, 3435 Nixon, Richard, 59 Nonﬁction Film: A Critical History (Barsam), 131 Nornes, Markus, 134 Noujaim, Jehane, 125 Nova, 56 Now, 83 Nykino, 81 O O Dreamland, 46 Ogawa, Shinsuke, 8586 Oil on Ice, 90 One Sixth of the World, 42 Onwurah, Ngozi, 102 Ophuls, Marcel, 98 Opinião Publica (Public Opinion), 51 O'Rourke, Dennis, 114 Oshima, Nagisa, 49 Østergaard, Anders Høgsboro, 1045 Our Wonderful World, 108 Outfoxed, 21 P Q Padilha, José, 89 Panorama, 58 The Path to 9/11, 23 Patwardhan, Anand, 82 A Question of Equality, 99100 Quinn, Gordon, xxi, 88, 90 155 Index Peasants of the Second Fortress, 85 Peck, Raoul, 102 Pennebaker, D A, 46, 53, 110 Peralta, Stacy, 1 Dogtown and ZBoys and, 104 Perfumed Nightmare, 24 Perlmutter, Alvin, 5960 Perrin, Jacques, 121 personal diary format, 8 Pilger, John, 64 The Plow that Broke the Plains, 6, 67 P.O.V., 60 The Power of Nightmares, 6061 Primary, 47 propaganda, 67. See also government propaganda documentary Fahrenheit 9/11 v., 7 Moore v., 7 public affairs documentary cinema verité and, 63 conventions of, 6263 critical opinion on work of, 6364 decline of, 5859 Drew and, 63 ethics and, 6364 format of, 5657 government propaganda documentary v., 65 inﬂuence and signiﬁcance of, 6062 journalists and, 5758 present state of, 6465 public television and, 5960 television and opportunities for, 58 Documentary Film R on Grierson, John, 3637 Roth, Lorna, 114 Rouch, Jean, 128 approach to ﬁlmmaking of, 11113 on cinema verité, 53 direct cinema of, 52 on documentary, 112 Flaherty, Robert, inﬂuence on, 111 legacy of, 11213 process of, 5051 Vertov inﬂuence on, 111 Rouquier, Georges, 119 Rubbo, Michael, 62 Ruby, Jay on ethnographic ﬁlm, 106 on Flaherty, Robert, 3132 Rudavsky, Oren, 104 The Russian Miracle, 93 Ruttmann, Walther, 1415 Rabiger, Michael, 3 Radio Bikini, 75 Rafferty, Kevin, 75 Rafferty, Pierce, 75 Rain, 1, 15 Rainer, Yvonne, 101 Raphael, Chad, 19 Rat, 122 realism, 26, 40, 133 reality artistry v., 2526 documentary and, 5, 912 manipulation v., 2, 2425 reenactment ethics of, 2223 history of, 22 Reeves, Nicholas, 71 Reggio, Godfrey, 15 Reiner, Rob, 1314 Reisz, Karel, 46 Reith, John, 33 Rejger, Katarina, 126 Renov, Michael on personal documentary, 105 techniques of, 132 Rich, Ruby, 129 Richter, Hans, 17 Riding Giants, 1 Riefenstahl, Leni, 68, 130 Capra v., 70 on government propaganda documentary, 75 Rien que les Heures, 15 The River, 6, 67 Roger and Me, 4 Rønde, Jeppe, 24 Roosevelt in Africa, 118 Roots, 23 Rosenbaum, Jonathan, 129 Rosteck, Thomas, 64 Rotha, Paul on documentary, 129 on Flaherty, Robert, 31 S Sad Song of Yellow Skin, 62 Salesman, 47, 48 Salomon, Henry ''Pete, '' 93 Sankofa workshop, 1012 Sans Soleil, 24 Schatz, Thomas, 135 Schlesinger, Arthur, 91 Schneeman, Carolee, 16 Schulberg, Budd, 7475 Schwartzman, Stephan, xi Scorsese, Martin, 44, 135 Sea Island, 11920 Seavey, Nina, xi The Secret Plot to Kill Hitler, 23 Secrets of Nature, 118 The Secret Tapes, 76 See It Now, 20, 58 famous episodes of, 60 The Selling of the Pentagon, 6162, 75 The Seoul Visual Collective, 87 Seven Up, 63 156 T Taboo, 108 Tahimik, Kidlat, 24 Tak for Alt, 22 Taking Pictures, 113 Tango of Slaves, 104 Teno, JeanMarie, 102 Thin, 50 The Thin Blue Line, 34 third cinema Argentina and, 8485 Chile and, 85 Cuba and, 83 Grierson, John, v., 84 Japan and, 8586 legacy of, 8791 Soviets and, 86 Taiwan and, 86 This is Spinal Tap!, 1314 Thorndike, Andrew, 93 Thorndike, Annelie, 93 Three Rooms of Melancholia, 9 Tie Xi Qu, 45 Tintin and I, 1045 Tire Die´ (Throw Me a Dime), 83, 86 Titicut Follies, 4950 Warrendale v., 50 Tokyo Olympiad, 49 Tomaselli, Keyan, 36 Triumph of the Will, 9, 72 counterpropaganda from, 73 political aims of, 68 success of, 71 Trobriand Cricket, 114, 116 Tsuchimoto, Noriaki, 86 Twentieth Century, 5859 20/20, 58 Two Laws, 116 U Unik, Pierre, 13 Union Maids, 100 Untold Stories (Aufderheide and Jaszi), 95 157 Index Shamir, Yo'av, 9 Shape of the Moon, 1089 Sheeler, Charles, 14 Shoah, 9899 Shub, Esﬁr, 9293 Sierra Club, 90 Sierra Club Chronicles, 77 Simba, 11819 Simma, PaulAnders, 116 60 Minutes, 5859, 64 Skorzewski, Edward, 86 Smith, Hedrick, 5960 Snow, Michael, 16 Solanas, Fernando, 84 Song of Ceylon, 66 The Sorrow and the Pity, 98 The Spaghetti Story, 13 Spain, Tom, 5859 The Spanish Earth, 9091 CP connection to, 80 Flaherty, Robert, inﬂuence on, 80 synopsis of, 8081 Special Inquiry, 58 Spurlock, Morgan, 125 Star Wars, 1 Stone, Robert, 75 Stoney, George, xi advocacy ﬁlm and, 8788 Flaherty, Robert inﬂuence on, 3031 Stop Making Sense, 135 Storck, Henri, 15 on Borinage, 79 The Story of the Weeping Camel, 32, 108 Strand, Paul, 14 Stranger with a Camera, 6364 Sucksdorff, Arne, 119 Sukhdev, S., 49 Super Size Me, 125 Sussex, Elizabeth, 37 Sutton, Ron, x Svilova, Elizaveta, 40 The Swenkas, 24 Symphony of the Don Basin, 42 Documentary Film V Waves of Revolution, 82 The Wedding Camels: A Turkana Marriage, 113 Weisberg, Roger, 5960 Wenguang, Wu, 87 West of Tracks, 45 What Farocki Thought, 2425 White Paper, 58 Why We Fight, 7 political aim of, 7071 success of, 73 Wild Man Blues, 88 Williams, Linda, 105 Winged Migration, 121 Winston, Brian on documentary, 133 on Grierson, John, 37 Wintonick, Peter, 53 Wiseman, Fred, 110, 130 career of, 4950 critical opinion on work of, 53 on labeling his ﬁlms, 52 legacy of, 50 With Babies and Banners, 100 Wolf, Daniel, 96 Wolper, David, 94 The World at War, 9798 World in Action, 58 Worth, Sol, 1067 Wright, Basil, 34, 66 Valparaiso, Mi Amor, 85 van den Broek, Eric, 126 van Dongen, Helen, 80 on Flaherty, Robert, 3132 The Vanishing Prairie, 120 Varda, Agnes, x, 45 Vaughan, Dai, x Vertov, Dziga, 15, 25, 127, 130, 132 advocacy ﬁlm inﬂuenced by, 86 on art v. realism, 40 beliefs of, 38 career beginnings of, 3940 career decline of, 42 on communism and ﬁlm, 39 critical opinion on work of, 41 on ﬁction v. documentary, 1, 3839 Flaherty, Robert, v., 44 government propaganda documentary and, 67 Grierson, John, inﬂuenced by, 44 legacy of, 4344 on love for camera, 14 Rouch inﬂuenced by, 111 Victory at Sea, 76 making of, 93 Video Diaries, 55 Video Letters project, 126 Vigo, Jean, 15 von Furstenberg, Diane, 96 Y W You Are on Indian Land, 115 WalMart: The High Cost of Low Price, 67 Walt Disney studios, 11920 Warrendale, 50 Watkins, Peter, 24 Watt, Harry, 34 Z Ziv, Ilan, 104 Zwerin, Charlotte, 47 Zwigoff, Terry, 55 158 Visit the Very short introductions Web Site www.oup.co.uk/vsi ä Information about all published titles ä News of forthcoming ä books Extracts from the books, including titles not yet published ä Reviews and views ä Links to other web sites and main OUP web page ä Information about VSIs in translation ä Contact the editors ä Order other VSIs online Expand your collection of Very Short Introductions 1. Classics 28. Marx 2. Music 29. Logic 3. Buddhism 30. Descartes 4. Literary Theory 31. Machiavelli 5. Hinduism 32. Aristotle 6. Psychology 33. Hume 7. Islam 34. Nietzsche 8. Politics 9. Theology 35. Darwin 36. The European Union 10. Archaeology 37. 11. Judaism 38. Augustine 12. Sociology 39. Intelligence 13. The Koran 40. Jung 14. The Bible 41. 15. Social and Cultural 42. Paul Anthropology 16. History 43. Continental Philosophy 44. Galileo Gandhi Buddha 17. Roman Britain 45. Freud 18. The AngloSaxon Age 46. Wittgenstein 19. Medieval Britain 47. Indian Philosophy 20. The Tudors 48. Rousseau 21. Stuart Britain 49. Hegel 22. EighteenthCentury 50. Kant Britain 23. NineteenthCentury 51. Cosmology 52. Drugs Britain 24. TwentiethCentury Britain 53. Russian Literature 54. The French Revolution 55. Philosophy 25. Heidegger 56. Barthes 26. Ancient Philosophy 57. Animal Rights 27. Socrates 58. Kierkegaard 59. Russell 94. The Celts 60. Shakespeare 95. Ideology 61. 96. Prehistory Clausewitz 62. Schopenhauer 63. The Russian Revolution 97. Political Philosophy 98. Postcolonialism 64. Hobbes 99. Atheism 65. World Music 100. Evolution 66. Mathematics 101. Molecules 67. Philosophy of Science 102. Art History 68. Cryptography 103. Presocratic Philosophy 69. Quantum Theory 104. The Elements 70. Spinoza 71. Choice Theory 105. Dada and Surrealism 106. Egyptian Myth 72. Architecture 107. Christian Art 73. Poststructuralism 108. Capitalism 74. Postmodernism 109. Particle Physics 75. Democracy 110. Free Will 76. Empire 111. Myth 77. 112. Ancient Egypt Fascism 78. Terrorism 79. Plato 113. Hieroglyphs 114. Medical Ethics 80. Ethics 115. 81. 116. Anarchism Emotion Kafka 82. Northern Ireland 117. Ancient Warfare 83. Art Theory 118. Global Warming 84. Locke 119. Christianity 85. Modern Ireland 120. Modern Art 86. Globalization 87. Cold War 121. Consciousness 122. Foucault 88. The History of 123. Spanish Civil War Astronomy 124. The Marquis de Sade 89. Schizophrenia 125. Habermas 90. The Earth 126. Socialism 91. 127. Dreaming Engels 92. British Politics 128. Dinosaurs 93. Linguistics 129. Renaissance Art 130. Buddhist Ethics 154. The First World War 131. 155. Fundamentalism Tragedy 132. Sikhism 156. Economics 133. The History of Time 134. Nationalism 157. International Migration 158. Newton 135. The World Trade 159. Chaos Organization 160. African History 136. Design 161. Racism 137. The Vikings 162. Kabbalah 138. Fossils 163. Human Rights 139. Journalism 164. International Relations 140. The Crusades 141. Feminism 165. The American Presidency 166. The Great Depression 142. Human Evolution and The New Deal 143. The Dead Sea Scrolls 167. Classical Mythology 144. The Brain 168. The New Testament as 145. Global Catastrophes 146. Contemporary Art 147. Philosophy of Law Literature 169. American Political Parties and Elections 148. The Renaissance 149. Anglicanism 170. Bestsellers 171. Geopolitics 150. The Roman Empire 172. Antisemitism 151. 173. Game Theory Photography 152. Psychiatry 174. HIV/AIDS 153. Existentialism 175. Documentary Film Journalism A Very Short Introduction Ian Hargreaves Journalism has an indelible effect on our worldviewfrom global terrorism to the American presidential elections, celebrity scandal to the latest environmental disaster. Here, renowned British journalist Ian Hargreaves uses his unique position within the media to examine how we get this information, and the practical, political, and professional decisions faced by journalists. Is journalism the ''ﬁrst draft of history'' or a dumbingdown of our culture and a gloriﬁcation of the trivial and intrusive? In this intriguing book, Hargreaves presents a truly international perspective. Journalists, he says, should be more selfcritical. But the core principles of press freedom and holding power to account are as vital today as they ever were. ''Hargreaves has written a timely and disturbing account of journalism in peril.'' Martin Bell, The Times ''Ian Hargreaves is a distinguished journalist and academic with a ﬁne track record of editorial integrity and incisive thought.'' Chris Cramer, Managing Director, CNN International www.oup.co.uk/isbn/9780192806567 Photography A Very Short Introduction Steve Edwards Modern societies are saturated with photographs. From holiday snapshots to newspapers, advertisements, and the pristine walls of ﬁne art galleries, photographs can be found everywhere, performing an extraordinary range of functions. This Very Short Introduction looks at the ideas and concepts that underlie photography in its many incarnations. It asks what particular characteristics deﬁne a photograph, and how these characteristics affect the way we understand an image. Examining issues as varied as the claims for an ''art of photography, '' the politics of observation, and the impact of digital photography, Steve Edwards provides a sense of the historical development of the medium alongside a clear account of many of the key critical issues. www.oup.co.uk/isbn/9780192801647 