Quantum Theory: A Very Short Introduction ‘John Polkinghorne has produced an excellent piece of work. . . . Many authors of ‘‘popular’’ books on modern physics have the regrettable habit of mixing science fact with science ﬁction. Polkinghorne never does that: he always allows the truth to stand by itself and show its own fascination. . . . I think that this is an excellent contribution to the literature on quantum theory for a general audience.’ Chris Isham, Imperial College, London ‘This splendid book explains both the triumph and the mystery that is quantum theory. It is a triumph because of its towering mathematical structure, and amazing empirical accuracy. It is a mystery because of the conundrums about how to interpret it. John Polkinghorne, himself a distinguished quantum physicist, is a sure guide to all this: he celebrates the successes of the theory, and shows unfailingly good judgment about the conundrums.’ Jeremy Butterﬁeld, Oxford University Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have been published in more than 25 languages worldwide. The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to conceptual art and cosmology. Very Short Introductions available now: ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas THE ANGLOSAXON AGE John Blair ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes ART HISTORY Dana Arnold ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin Atheism Julian Baggini Augustine Henry Chadwick BARTHES Jonathan Culler THE BIBLE John Riches BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright Buddha Michael Carrithers BUDDHISM Damien Keown CAPITALISM James Fulcher THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson CLASSICS Mary Beard and John Henderson CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon Continental Philosophy Simon Critchley COSMOLOGY Peter Coles CRYPTOGRAPHY Fred Piper and Sean Murphy DADA AND SURREALISM David Hopkins Darwin Jonathan Howard Democracy Bernard Crick DESCARTES Tom Sorell DRUGS Leslie Iversen THE EARTH Martin Redfern EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY Geraldine Pinch EIGHTEENTHCENTURY BRITAIN Paul Langford THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball EMOTION Dylan Evans EMPIRE Stephen Howe ENGELS Terrell Carver Ethics Simon Blackburn The European Union John Pinder EVOLUTION Brian and Deborah Charlesworth FASCISM Kevin Passmore THE FRENCH REVOLUTION William Doyle Freud Anthony Storr Galileo Stillman Drake Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger HEGEL Peter Singer HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood HINDUISM Kim Knott HISTORY John H. Arnold HOBBES Richard Tuck HUME A. J. Ayer IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden Indian Philosophy Sue Hamilton Intelligence Ian J. Deary ISLAM Malise Ruthven JUDAISM Norman Solomon Jung Anthony Stevens KANT Roger Scruton KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner THE KORAN Michael Cook LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler LOCKE John Dunn LOGIC Graham Priest MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner MARX Peter Singer MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers MEDIEVAL BRITAIN John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta MOLECULES Philip Ball MUSIC Nicholas Cook NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner NINETEENTHCENTURY BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and H. C. G. Matthew NORTHERN IRELAND Marc Mulholland paul E. P. Sanders Philosophy Edward Craig PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE Samir Okasha PLATO Julia Annas POLITICS Kenneth Minogue POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler POSTSTRUCTURALISM Catherine Belsey PREHISTORY Chris Gosden PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY Catherine Osborne Psychology Gillian Butler and Freda McManus QUANTUM THEORY John Polkinghorne ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler RUSSELL A. C. Grayling RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION S. A. Smith SCHIZOPHRENIA Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone SCHOPENHAUER Christopher Janaway SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer SOCIAL AND CULTURAL ANTHROPOLOGY John Monaghan and Peter Just SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce Socrates C. C. W. Taylor SPINOZA Roger Scruton STUART BRITAIN John Morrill TERRORISM Charles Townshend THEOLOGY David F. Ford Available soon: THE TUDORS John Guy TWENTIETHCENTURY BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman AFRICAN HISTORY John Parker and Richard Rathbone ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown CHAOS Leonard Smith CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE Robert Tavernor CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko CONTEMPORARY ART Julian Stallabrass THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman Derrida Simon Glendinning DESIGN John Heskett Dinosaurs David Norman DREAMING J. Allan Hobson ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta THE END OF THE WORLD Bill McGuire EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn THE FIRST WORLD WAR Michael Howard FREE WILL Thomas Pink FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven Habermas Gordon Finlayson HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS Paul Wilkinson JAZZ Brian Morton MANDELA Tom Lodge MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope THE MIND Martin Davies Myth Robert Segal NATIONALISM Steven Grosby PERCEPTION Richard Gregory PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards THE RAJ Denis Judd THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton RENAISSANCE ART Geraldine Johnson SARTRE Christina Howells THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR Helen Graham TRAGEDY Adrian Poole THE TWENTIETH CENTURY Martin Conway For more information visit our web site www.oup.co.uk/vsi John Polkinghorne Quantum Theory A Very Short Introduction 1 3 Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide in Oxford New York Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai Dar es Salaam Delhi Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi São Paulo Shanghai Taipei Tokyo Toronto Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press in the UK and in certain other countries Published in the United States by Oxford University Press Inc., New York © John Polkinghorne 2002 The moral rights of the author have been asserted Database right Oxford University Press (maker) First published as a Very Short Introduction 2002 All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press, or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department, Oxford University Press, at the address above You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data Data available Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data Data available ISBN 0–19–280252–6 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk Printed in Great Britain by TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall To the memory of Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac 1902–1984 I think I can safely say that no one understands quantum mechanics Richard Feynman Acknowledgements I am grateful to the staff of Oxford University Press for their help in preparing the manuscript for press, and particularly to Shelley Cox for a number of helpful comments on the ﬁrst draft. Queens’ College Cambridge John Polkinghorne Contents Preface xi List of illustrations xiii 1 2 3 4 5 6 Classical cracks 1 The light dawns 15 Darkening perplexities Further developments Togetherness 58 77 Lessons and meanings Further reading Glossary 39 82 93 95 Mathematical appendix 99 Index 111 Preface The discovery of modern quantum theory in the mid1920s brought about the greatest revision in our thinking about the nature of the physical world since the days of Isaac Newton. What had been considered to be the arena of clear and determinate process was found to be, at its subatomic roots, cloudy and ﬁtful in its behaviour. Compared with this revolutionary change, the great discoveries of special and general relativity seem not much more than interesting variations on classical themes. Indeed, Albert Einstein, who had been the progenitor of relativity theory, found modern quantum mechanics so little to his metaphysical taste that he remained implacably opposed to it right to the end of his life. It is no exaggeration to regard quantum theory as being one of the most outstanding intellectual achievements of the 20th century and its discovery as constituting a real revolution in our understanding of physical process. That being so, the enjoyment of quantum ideas should not be the sole preserve of theoretical physicists. Although the full articulation of the theory requires the use of its natural language, mathematics, many of its basic concepts can be made accessible to the general reader who is prepared to take a little trouble in following through a tale of remarkable discovery. This little book is written with such a reader in mind. Its main text does not contain any mathematical equations at all. A short appendix outlines some simple mathematical insights that will give extra illumination to those able to stomach somewhat stronger meat. (Relevant sections of this appendix are crossreferenced in bold type in the main text.) Quantum theory has proved to be fantastically fruitful during the more than 75 years of its exploitation following the originating discoveries. It is currently applied with conﬁdence and success to the discussion of quarks and gluons (the contemporary candidates for the basic constituents of nuclear matter), despite the fact that these entities are at least 100 million times smaller than the atoms whose behaviour was the concern of the quantum pioneers. Yet a profound paradox remains. The epigraph of this book has about it some of the exuberant exaggeration of expression that characterized the discourse of that great secondgeneration quantum physicist, Richard Feynman, but it is certainly the case that, though we know how to do the sums, we do not understand the theory as fully as we should. We shall see in what follows that important interpretative issues remain unresolved. They will demand for their eventual settlement not only physical insight but also metaphysical decision. As a young man I had the privilege of learning my quantum theory at the feet of Paul Dirac, as he gave his celebrated Cambridge lecture course. The material of Dirac’s lectures corresponded closely to the treatment given in his seminal book, The Principles of Quantum Mechanics, one of the true classics of 20thcentury scientiﬁc publishing. Not only was Dirac the greatest theoretical physicist known to me personally, his purity of spirit and modesty of demeanour (he never emphasized in the slightest degree his own immense contributions to the fundamentals of the subject) made him an inspiring ﬁgure and a kind of scientiﬁc saint. I humbly dedicate this book to his memory. List of illustrations 1 Adding waves 2 Solvay Conference 1927 3 16 © Instituts Internationaux de Physique et de Chimie, Bruxelles 3 The double slits experiment 23 4 Adding vectors 27 5 Noncommuting rotations 29 6 A SternGerlach experiment 45 7 Tunnelling 59 8 Band structure 64 9 A delayed choice experiment 65 Chapter 1 Classical cracks The ﬁrst ﬂowering of modern physical science reached its culmination in 1687 with the publication of Isaac Newton’s Principia. Thereafter mechanics was established as a mature discipline, capable of describing the motions of particles in ways that were clear and deterministic. So complete did this new science seem to be that, by the end of the 18th century, the greatest of Newton’s successors, Pierre Simon Laplace, could make his celebrated assertion that a being, equipped with unlimited calculating powers and given complete knowledge of the dispositions of all particles at some instant of time, could use Newton’s equations to predict the future, and to retrodict with equal certainty the past, of the whole universe. In fact, this rather chilling mechanistic claim always had a strong suspicion of hubris about it. For one thing, human beings do not experience themselves as being clockwork automata. And for another thing, imposing as Newton’s achievements undoubtedly were, they did not embrace all aspects of the physical world that were then known. There remained unsettled issues that threatened belief in the total selfsufﬁciency of the Newtonian synthesis. For example, there was the question of the true nature and origin of the universal inversesquare law of gravity that Sir Isaac had discovered. This was a matter about which Newton himself had declined to frame a hypothesis. Then there was the unresolved question of the nature of light. Here Newton did permit himself a degree of speculative 1 latitude. In the Opticks he inclined to the view that a beam of light was made up of a stream of tiny particles. This kind of corpuscular theory was consonant with Newton’s tendency to view the physical world in atomistic terms. Quantum theory The nature of light It turned out that it was not until the 19th century that there was real progress in gaining understanding of the nature of light. Right at the century’s beginning, in 1801, Thomas Young presented very convincing evidence for the fact that light had the character of a wave motion, a speculation that had been made more than a century earlier by Newton’s Dutch contemporary Christiaan Huygens. The key observations made by Young centred on effects that we now call interference phenomena. A typical example is the existence of alternating bands of light and darkness, which, ironically enough, had been exhibited by Sir Isaac himself in a phenomenon called Newton’s rings. Effects of this kind are characteristic of waves and they arise in the following way. The manner in which two trains of waves combine depends upon how their oscillations relate to each other. If they are in step (in phase, the physicists say), then crest coincides constructively with crest, giving maximum mutual reinforcement. Where this happens in the case of light, one gets bands of brightness. If, however, the two sets of waves are exactly out of step (out of phase), then crest coincides with trough in mutually destructive cancellation, and one gets a band of darkness. Thus the appearance of interference patterns of alternating light and dark is an unmistakable signature of the presence of waves. Young’s observations appeared to have settled the matter. Light is wavelike. As the 19th century proceeded, the nature of the wave motion associated with light seemed to become clear. Important discoveries by Hans Christian Oersted and by Michael Faraday showed that electricity and magnetism, phenomena that at ﬁrst sight seemed 2 very different in their characters, were, in fact, intimately linked with each other. The way in which they could be combined to give a consistent theory of electromagnetism was eventually determined by James Clerk Maxwell – a man of such genius that he can ﬁttingly be spoken of in the same breath as Isaac Newton himself. Maxwell’s celebrated equations, still the fundamental basis of electromagnetic theory, were set out in 1873 in his Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism, one of the alltime classics of scientiﬁc publishing. Maxwell realized that these equations possessed wavelike solutions and that the velocity of these waves was determined in terms of known physical constants. This turned out to be the known velocity of light! This discovery has been regarded as the greatest triumph of 19thcentury physics. The fact that light was electromagnetic waves seemed as ﬁrmly established as it could possibly be. Maxwell and his contemporaries regarded these waves as being oscillations in an allpervading elastic medium, which came to be called ether. In an 3 Classical cracks 1. Adding waves: (a) in step; (b) out of step encyclopedia article, he was to say that the ether was the best conﬁrmed entity in the whole of physical theory. Quantum theory We call the physics of Newton and Maxwell classical physics. By the end of the 19th century it had become an imposing theoretical ediﬁce. It was scarcely surprising that grand old men, like Lord Kelvin, came to think that all the big ideas of physics were now known and all that remained to do was tidy up the details with increased accuracy. In the last quarter of the century, a young man in Germany contemplating an academic career was warned against going into physics. It would be better to look elsewhere, for physics was at the end of the road, with so little really worthwhile left to do. The young man’s name was Max Planck, and fortunately he ignored the advice he had been given. As a matter of fact, some cracks had already begun to show in the splendid facade of classical physics. In the 1880s, the Americans Michelson and Morley had done some clever experiments intended to demonstrate the Earth’s motion through the ether. The idea was that, if light was indeed waves in this medium, then its measured speed should depend upon how the observer was moving with respect to the ether. Think about waves on the sea. Their apparent velocity as observed from a ship depends upon whether the vessel is moving with the waves or against them, appearing less in the former case than in the latter. The experiment was designed to compare the speed of light in two mutually perpendicular directions. Only if the Earth were coincidently at rest with respect to the ether at the time at which the measurements were made would the two speeds be expected to be the same, and this possibility could be excluded by repeating the experiment a few months later, when the Earth would be moving in a different direction in its orbit. In fact, Michelson and Morley could detect no difference in velocity. Resolution of this problem would require Einstein’s special theory of relativity, which dispensed with an ether altogether. That great discovery is not the concern of our present story, though one should note that relativity, highly signiﬁcant and 4 surprising as it was, did not abolish the qualities of clarity and determinism that classical physics possessed. That is why, in the Preface, I asserted that special relativity required much less by way of radical rethinking than quantum theory was to demand. Spectra Later, people tried to understand Balmer’s result in terms of their contemporary picture of the atom. In 1897, J. J. Thomson had discovered that the negative charge in an atom was carried by tiny particles, which eventually were given the name ‘electrons’. It was supposed that the balancing positive charge was simply spread throughout the atom. This idea was called ‘the plum pudding model’, with the electrons playing the role of the plums and the positive charge that of the pudding. The spectral frequencies should then correspond to the various ways in which the electrons might oscillate within the positivelycharged ‘pudding’. It turned out, however, to be extremely difﬁcult to make this idea actually work in an empirically satisfactory way. We shall see that the true explanation of Balmer’s odd discovery was eventually to be found using a very different set of ideas. In the meantime, the nature of atoms probably seemed too obscure a matter for these problems to give rise to widespread anxiety. 5 Classical cracks The ﬁrst hint of the quantum revolution, unrecognized as such at the time, actually came in 1885. It arose from the mathematical doodlings of a Swiss schoolmaster called Balmer. He was thinking about the spectrum of hydrogen, that is to say the set of separated coloured lines that are found when light from the incandescent gas is split up by being passed through a prism. The different colours correspond to different frequencies (rates of oscillation) of the light waves involved. By ﬁddling around with the numbers, Balmer discovered that these frequencies could be described by a rather simple mathematical formula [see Mathematical appendix, 1]. At the time, this would have seemed little more than a curiosity. Quantum theory The ultraviolet catastrophe Much more obviously challenging and perplexing was another difﬁculty, ﬁrst brought to light by Lord Rayleigh in 1900, which came to be called ‘the ultraviolet catastrophe’. It had arisen from applying the ideas of another great discovery of the 19th century, statistical physics. Here scientists were attempting to get to grips with the behaviour of very complicated systems, which had a great many different forms that their detailed motions could take. An example of such a system would be a gas made up of very many different molecules, each with its own state of motion. Another example would be radiative energy, which might be made up of contributions distributed between many different frequencies. It would be quite impossible to keep track of all the detail of what was happening in systems of this complexity, but nevertheless some important aspects of their overall behaviour could be worked out. This was the case because the bulk behaviour results from a coarsegrained averaging over contributions from many individual component states of motion. Among these possibilities, the most probable set dominates because it turns out to be overwhelmingly most probable. On this basis of maximizing likelihood, Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Bolzmann were able to show that one can reliably calculate certain bulk properties of the overall behaviour of a complex system, such as the pressure in a gas of given volume and temperature. Rayleigh applied these techniques of statistical physics to the problem of how energy is distributed among the different frequencies in the case of black body radiation. A black body is one that perfectly absorbs all the radiation falling on it and then reemits all of that radiation. The issue of the spectrum of radiation in equilibrium with a black body might seem a rather exotic kind of question to raise but, in fact, there are excellent approximations to black bodies available, so this is a matter that can be investigated experimentally as well as theoretically, for example by studying radiation in the interior of a specially prepared oven. The question 6 Within a year, Max Planck, now a professor of physics in Berlin, had found a remarkable way out of the dilemma. He told his son that he believed he had made a discovery of equal signiﬁcance to those of Newton. It might have seemed a grandiose claim to make, but Planck was simply speaking the sober truth. Classical physics considered that radiation oozed continuously in and out of the black body, much as water might ooze in and out of a sponge. In the smoothly changing world of classical physics, no other supposition seemed at all plausible. Yet Planck made a contrary proposal, suggesting that radiation was emitted or absorbed from time to time in packets of energy of a deﬁnite size. He speciﬁed that the energy content of one of these quanta (as the packets were called) would be proportional to the frequency of the 7 Classical cracks was simpliﬁed by the fact that it was known that the answer should depend only on the temperature of the body and not on any further details of its structure. Rayleigh pointed out that straightforward application of the welltried ideas of statistical physics led to a disastrous result. Not only did the calculation not agree with the measured spectrum, but it did not make any sense at all. It predicted that an inﬁnite amount of energy would be found concentrated in the very highest frequencies, an embarrassing conclusion that came to be called ‘the ultraviolet catastrophe’. The catastrophic nature of this conclusion is clear enough: ‘ultraviolet’ is then a way of saying ‘high frequencies’. The disaster arose because classical statistical physics predicts that each degree of freedom of the system (in this case, each distinct way in which the radiation can wave) will receive the same ﬁxed amount of energy, a quantity that depends only on the temperature. The higher the frequency, the greater the number of corresponding modes of oscillation there are, with the result that the very highest frequencies run away with everything, piling up unlimited quantities of energy. Here was a problem that amounted to rather more than an unsightly ﬂaw on the face of the splendid facade of classical physics. It was rather the case of a gaping hole in the building. radiation. The constant of proportionality was taken to be a universal constant of nature, now known as Planck’s constant. It is denoted by the symbol h. The magnitude of h is very small in terms of sizes corresponding to everyday experience. That was why this punctuated behaviour of radiation had not been noticed before; a row of small dots very close together looks like a solid line. Quantum theory An immediate consequence of this daring hypothesis was that highfrequency radiation could only be emitted or absorbed in events involving a single quantum of signiﬁcally high energy. This large energy tariff meant that these highfrequency events would be severely suppressed in comparison with the expectations of classical physics. Taming of the high frequencies in this way not only removed the ultraviolet catastrophe, it also yielded a formula in detailed agreement with the empirical result. Planck was obviously on to something of great signiﬁcance. But exactly what that signiﬁcance was, neither he nor others were sure about at ﬁrst. How seriously should one take the quanta? Were they a persistent feature of radiation or simply an aspect of the way that radiation happened to interact with a black body? After all, drips from a tap form a sequence of aqueous quanta, but they merge with the rest of the water and lose their individual identity as soon as they fall into the basin. The photoelectric effect The next advance was made by a young man with time on his hands as he worked as a thirdclass examiner in the Patent Ofﬁce in Berne. His name was Albert Einstein. In 1905, an annus mirabilis for Einstein, he made three fundamental discoveries. One of them proved to be the next step in the unfolding story of quantum theory. Einstein thought about the puzzling properties that had come to light from investigations into the photoelectric effect [2]. This is the phenomenon in which a beam of light ejects electrons from within a metal. Metals contain electrons that are able to move 8 around within their interior (their ﬂow is what generates an electric current), but which do not have enough energy to escape from the metal entirely. That the photoelectric effect happened was not at all surprising. The radiation transfers energy to electrons trapped inside the metal and, if the gain is sufﬁcient, an electron can then escape from the forces that constrain it. On a classical way of thinking, the electrons would be agitated by the ‘swell’ of the light waves and some could be sufﬁciently disturbed to shake loose from the metal. According to this picture, the degree to which this happened would be expected to depend upon the intensity of the beam, since this determined its energy content, but one would not anticipate any particular dependence on the frequency of the incident light. In actual fact, the experiments showed exactly the reverse behaviour. Below a certain critical frequency, no electrons were emitted, however intense the beam might be; above that frequency, even a weak beam could eject some electrons. 9 Classical cracks Einstein saw that this puzzling behaviour became instantly intelligible if one considered the beam of light as a stream of persisting quanta. An electron would be ejected because one of these quanta had collided with it and given up all its energy. The amount of energy in that quantum, according to Planck, was directly proportional to the frequency. If the frequency were too low, there would not be enough energy transferred in a collision to enable the electron to escape. On the other hand, if the frequency exceeded a certain critical value, there would be enough energy for the electron to be able to get away. The intensity of the beam simply determined how many quanta it contained, and so how many electrons were involved in collisions and ejected. Increasing the intensity could not alter the energy transferred in a single collision. Taking seriously the existence of quanta of light (they came to be called ‘photons’), explained the mystery of the photoelectric effect. The young Einstein had made a capital discovery. In fact, eventually he was awarded his Nobel Prize for it, the Swedish Academy presumably considering his two other great discoveries of 1905 – special relativity and a convincing demonstration of the reality of Quantum theory molecules – as still being too speculative to be rewarded in this fashion! The quantum analysis of the photoelectric effect was a great physics victory, but it seemed nevertheless to be a pyrrhic victory. The subject now faced a severe crisis. How could all those great 19thcentury insights into the wave nature of light be reconciled with these new ideas? After all, a wave is a spreadout, ﬂappy thing, while a quantum is particlelike, a kind of little bullet. How could both possibly be true? For a long while physicists just had to live with the uncomfortable paradox of the wave/particle nature of light. No progress would have been made by trying to deny the insights either of Young and Maxwell or of Planck and Einstein. People just had to hang on to experience by the skin of their intellectual teeth, even if they could not make sense of it. Many seem to have done so by the rather cowardly tactic of averting their gaze. Eventually, however, we shall ﬁnd that the story had a happy ending. The nuclear atom In the meantime, attention turned from light to atoms. In Manchester in 1911, Ernest Rutherford and some younger coworkers began to study how some small, positively charged projectiles called α-particles behaved when they impinged on a thin gold ﬁlm. Many α-particles passed through little affected but, to the great surprise of the investigators, some were substantially deﬂected. Rutherford said later that it was as astonishing as if a 15″ naval shell had recoiled on striking a sheet of tissue paper. The plum pudding model of the atom could make no sense at all of this result. The α-particles should have sailed through like a bullet through cake. Rutherford quickly saw that there was only one way out of the dilemma. The positive charge of the gold atoms, which would repel the positive α-particles, could not be spread out as in a ‘pudding’ but must all be concentrated at the centre of the atom. A close encounter with such concentrated charge would be 10 able substantially to deﬂect an α-particle. Getting out an old mechanics textbook from his undergraduate days in New Zealand, Rutherford – who was a wonderful experimental physicist but no great shakes as a mathematician – was able to show that this idea, of a central positive charge in the atom orbited by negative electrons, perfectly ﬁtted the observed behaviour. The plum pudding model instantly gave way to the ‘solar system’ model of the atom. Rutherford and his colleagues had discovered the atomic nucleus. The Bohr atom However, as with the case of Planck and the ultraviolet catastrophe, there was a theoretical physicist at hand to come to the rescue and to snatch success from the jaws of failure by proposing a daring and radical new hypothesis. This time it was a young Dane called Niels Bohr, who was working in Rutherford’s Manchester. In 1913, Bohr made a revolutionary proposal [3]. Planck had replaced the classical idea of a smooth process in which energy oozed in and out of a black body by the notion of a punctuated process in which the energy is emitted or absorbed as quanta. In mathematical terms, 11 Classical cracks Here was a great success, but it seemed at ﬁrst sight to be yet another pyrrhic victory. In fact, the discovery of the nucleus plunged classical physics into its deepest crisis yet. If the electrons in an atom are encircling the nucleus, they are continually changing their direction of motion. Classical electromagnetic theory then requires that in this process they should radiate away some of their energy. As a result they should steadily move in nearer to the nucleus. This is a truly disastrous conclusion, for it implies that atoms would be unstable, as their component electrons spiralled into collapse towards the centre. Moreover, in the course of this decay, a continuous pattern of radiation would be emitted that looked nothing like the sharp spectral frequencies of the Balmer formula. After 1911, the grand ediﬁce of classical physics was not just beginning to crack. It looked as though an earthquake had struck it. Quantum theory this meant that a quantity such as the energy exchanged, which previously had been thought of as taking any possible value, was now considered to be able only to take a series of sharp values (1, 2, 3, . . . packets involved). Mathematicians would say that the continuous had been replaced by the discrete. Bohr saw that this might be a very general tendency in the new kind of physics that was slowly coming to birth. He applied to atoms similar principles to those that Planck had applied to radiation. A classical physicist would have supposed that electrons encircling a nucleus could do so in orbits whose radii could take any value. Bohr proposed the replacement of this continuous possibility by the discrete requirement that the radii could only take a series of distinct values that one could enumerate (ﬁrst, second, third, . . . ). He also made a deﬁnite suggestion of how these possible radii were determined, using a prescription that involved Planck’s constant, h. (The proposal related to angular momentum, a measure of the electron’s rotatory motion that is measured in the same physical units as h.) Two consequences followed from these proposals. One was the highly desirable property of reestablishing the stability of atoms. Once an electron was in the state corresponding to the lowest permitted radius (which was also the state of lowest energy), it had nowhere else to go and so no more energy could be lost. The electron might have got to this lowest state by losing energy as it moved from a state of higher radius. Bohr assumed that when this happened the surplus energy would be radiated away as a single photon. Doing the sums showed that this idea led straightforwardly to the second consequence of Bohr’s bold surmise, the prediction of the Balmer formula for spectral lines. After almost 30 years, this mysterious numerical prescription changed from being an inexplicable oddity into being an intelligible property of the new theory of atoms. The sharpness of spectral lines was seen as a reﬂection of the discreteness that was beginning to be recognized as a characteristic feature of quantum thinking. The continuously spiralling motion that would have been expected on the basis of 12 classical physics had been replaced by a sharply discontinuous quantum jump from an orbit of one permitted radius to an orbit of a lower permitted radius. Compton scattering In 1923, the American physicist Arthur Compton investigated the scattering of Xrays (highfrequency electromagnetic radiation) by matter. He found that the scattered radiation had its frequency changed. On a wave picture, this could not be understood. The latter implied that the scattering process would be due to electrons in the atoms absorbing and reemitting energy from the incident waves, and that this would take place without a change of frequency. On a photon picture, however, the result could easily be understood. What would be involved would be a ‘billiard ball’ collision between an electron and a photon, in the course of which the photon would lose some of its energy to the electron. According to the Planck prescription, change of energy is the same as change of frequency. Compton was thus able to give a quantitative explanation of his 13 Classical cracks The Bohr atom was a great triumph. But it had arisen from an act of inspired tinkering with what was still, in many respects, classical physics. Bohr’s pioneering work was, in reality, a substantial repair, patched on to the shattered ediﬁce of classical physics. Attempts to extend these concepts further soon began to run into difﬁculties and to encounter inconsistencies. The ‘old quantum theory’, as these efforts came to be called, was an uneasy and unreconciled combination of the classical ideas of Newton and Maxwell with the quantum prescriptions of Planck and Einstein. Bohr’s work was a vital step in the unfolding history of quantum physics, but it could be no more than a staging post on the way to the ‘new quantum theory’, a fully integrated and consistent account of these strange ideas. Before that was attained, there was another important phenomenon to be discovered that further emphasized the unavoidable necessity of ﬁnding a way to cope with quantum thinking. observations, thereby providing the most persuasive evidence to date for the particlelike character of electromagnetic radiation. Quantum theory The perplexities to which the sequence of discoveries discussed in this chapter gave rise were not to continue unaddressed for much longer. Within two years of Compton’s work, theoretical progress of a substantial and lasting kind came to be made. The light of the new quantum theory began to dawn. 14 Chapter 2 The light dawns The years following Max Planck’s pioneering proposal were a time of confusion and darkness for the physics community. Light was waves; light was particles. Tantalizingly successful models, such as the Bohr atom, held out the promise that a new physical theory was in the ofﬁng, but the imperfect imposition of these quantum patches on the battered ruins of classical physics showed that more insight was needed before a consistent picture could emerge. When eventually the light did dawn, it did so with all the suddenness of a tropical sunrise. In the years 1925 and 1926 modern quantum theory came into being fully ﬂedged. These anni mirabiles remain an episode of great signiﬁcance in the folk memory of the theoretical physics community, still recalled with awe despite the fact that living memory no longer has access to those heroic times. When there are contemporary stirrings in fundamental aspects of physical theory, people may be heard to say, ‘I have the feeling that it is 1925 all over again’. There is a wistful note present in such a remark. As Wordsworth said about the French Revolution, ‘Bliss it was in that dawn to be alive, but to be young was very heaven!’ In fact, though many important advances have been made in the last 75 years, there has not yet been a second time when radical revision of physical principles has been necessary on the scale that attended the birth of quantum theory. 15 2. The great and the good of quantum theory: Solvay Conference 1927 Two men in particular set the quantum revolution underway, producing almost simultaneously startling new ideas. Matrix mechanics 17 The light dawns One of them was a young German theorist, Werner Heisenberg. He had been struggling to understand the details of atomic spectra. Spectroscopy has played a very important role in the development of modern physics. One reason has been that experimental techniques for the measurement of the frequencies of spectral lines are capable of great reﬁnement, so that they yield very accurate results that pose very precise problems for theorists to attack. We have already seen a simple example of this in the case of the hydrogen spectrum, with Balmer’s formula and Bohr’s explanation of it in terms of his atomic model. Matters had become more complicated since then, and Heisenberg was concerned with a much wider and more ambitious assault on spectral properties generally. While recuperating on the North Sea island of Heligoland from a severe attack of hay fever, he made his big breakthrough. The calculations looked pretty complicated but, when the mathematical dust settled, it became apparent that what had been involved was the manipulation of mathematical entities called matrices (arrays of numbers that multiply together in a particular way). Hence Heisenberg’s discovery came to be known as matrix mechanics. The underlying ideas will reappear a little later in a yet more general form. For the present, let us just note that matrices differ from simple numbers in that, in general, they do not commute. That is to say, if A and B are two matrices, the product AB and the product BA are not usually the same. The order of multiplication matters, in contrast to numbers, where 2 times 3 and 3 times 2 are both 6. It turned out that this mathematical property of matrices has an important physical signiﬁcance connected with what quantities could simultaneously be measured in quantum mechanics. [See 4 for a further mathematical generalization that proved necessary for the full development of quantum theory.] In 1925 matrices were as mathematically exotic to the average theoretical physicist as they may be today to the average nonmathematical reader of this book. Much more familiar to the physicists of the time was the mathematics associated with wave motion (involving partial differential equations). This used techniques that were standard in classical physics of the kind that Maxwell had developed. Hard on the heels of Heisenberg’s discovery came a very differentlooking version of quantum theory, based on the much more friendly mathematics of wave equations. Quantum theory Wave mechanics Appropriately enough, this second account of quantum theory was called wave mechanics. Although its fully developed version was discovered by the Austrian physicist Erwin Schrödinger, a move in the right direction had been made a little earlier in the work of a young French aristocrat, Prince Louis de Broglie [5]. The latter made the bold suggestion that if undulating light also showed particlelike properties, perhaps correspondingly one should expect particles such as electrons to manifest wavelike properties. De Broglie could cast this idea into a quantitative form by generalizing the Planck formula. The latter had made the particlelike property of energy proportional to the wavelike property of frequency. De Broglie suggested that another particlelike property, momentum (a signiﬁcant physical quantity, welldeﬁned and roughly corresponding to the quantity of persistent motion possessed by a particle), should analogously be related to another wavelike property, wavelength, with Planck’s universal constant again the relevant constant of proportionality. These equivalences provided a kind of minidictionary for translating from particles to waves, and vice versa. In 1924, de Broglie laid out these ideas in his doctoral dissertation. The authorities at the University of Paris felt pretty suspicious of such heterodox notions, but fortunately they consulted Einstein on the side. He recognized the young man’s genius and the degree was awarded. Within a few years, experiments by Davisson and Germer in the United States, and by 18 George Thomson in England, were able to demonstrate the existence of interference patterns when a beam of electrons interacted with a crystal lattice, thereby conﬁrming that electrons did indeed manifest wavelike behaviour. Louis de Broglie was awarded the Nobel Prize for physics in 1929. (George Thomson was the son of J. J. Thomson. It has often been remarked that the father won his Nobel Prize for showing that the electron is a particle, while the son won his Nobel Prize for showing that the electron is a wave.) Although physicists in the 19th century thought of light as consisting of waves, they did not always use the fullblown calculational techniques of wave motion to work out what was happening. If the wavelength of the light was small compared to the dimensions deﬁning the problem, it was possible to employ an altogether simpler method. This was the approach of geometrical optics, which treated light as moving in straight line rays which were reﬂected or refracted according to simple rules. School physics calculations of elementary lens and mirror systems are performed today in just the same fashion, without the calculators having to worry at all about the complexities of a wave equation. The simplicity of ray optics applied to light is similar to the simplicity of drawing trajectories in particle mechanics. If the latter were to prove to be only an approximation to an underlying wave mechanics, Schrödinger argued that this wave mechanics might be discoverable by reversing the kind of considerations that had led from wave optics to geometrical optics. In this way he discovered the Schrödinger equation. 19 The light dawns The ideas that de Broglie had developed were based on discussing the properties of freely moving particles. To attain a full dynamical theory, a further generalization would be required that allowed the incorporation of interactions into its account. This is the problem that Schrödinger succeeded in solving. Early in 1926 he published the famous equation that now goes by his name [6]. He had been led to its discovery by exploiting an analogy drawn from optics. Quantum theory Schrödinger published his ideas only a few months after Heisenberg had presented his theory of matrix mechanics to the physics community. At the time, Schrödinger was 38, providing an outstanding counterexample to the assertion, sometimes made by nonscientists, that theoretical physicists do their really original work before they are 25. The Schrödinger equation is the fundamental dynamical equation of quantum theory. It is a fairly straightforward type of partial differential equation, of a kind that was familiar to physicists at that time and for which they possessed a formidable battery of mathematical solution techniques. It was much easier to use than Heisenberg’s newfangled matrix methods. At once people could set to work applying these ideas to a variety of speciﬁc physical problems. Schrödinger himself was able to derive from his equation the Balmer formula for the hydrogen spectrum. This calculation showed both how near and yet how far from the truth Bohr had been in the inspired tinkering of the old quantum theory. (Angular momentum was important, but not exactly in the way that Bohr had proposed.) Quantum mechanics It was clear that Heisenberg and Schrödinger had made impressive advances. Yet at ﬁrst sight the way in which they had presented their new ideas appeared so different that it was not clear whether they had made the same discovery, differently expressed, or whether there were two rival proposals on the table [see the discussion of 10]. Important clariﬁcatory work immediately followed, to which Max Born in Göttingen and Paul Dirac in Cambridge were particularly signiﬁcant contributors. It soon became established that there was a single theory that was based on common general principles, whose mathematical articulation could take a variety of equivalent forms. These general principles were eventually most transparently set out in Dirac’s Principles of Quantum Mechanics, ﬁrst published in 1930 and one of the intellectual classics of the 20th century. The preface to the ﬁrst edition begins with the deceptively simple statement, ‘The methods of progress in 20 theoretical physics have undergone a vast change during the present century’. We must now consider the transformed picture of the nature of the physical world that this vast change had introduced. He took a piece of chalk and broke it in two. Placing one fragment on one side of his lectern and the other on the other side, Dirac said that classically there is a state where the piece of chalk is ‘here’ and one where the piece of chalk is ‘there’, and these are the only two possibilities. Replace the chalk, however, by an electron and in the quantum world there are not only states of ‘here’ and ‘there’ but also a whole host of other states that are mixtures of these possibilities – a bit of ‘here’ and a bit of ‘there’ added together. Quantum theory permits the mixing together of states that classically would be mutually exclusive of each other. It is this counterintuitive possibility of addition that marks off the quantum 21 The light dawns I learned my quantum mechanics straight from the horse’s mouth, so to speak. That is to say, I attended the famous course of lectures on quantum theory that Dirac gave in Cambridge over a period of more than 30 years. The audience included not only ﬁnal year undergraduates like myself, but frequently also senior visitors who rightly thought it would be a privilege to hear again the story, however familiar it might be to them in outline, from the lips of the man who had been one of its outstanding protagonists. The lectures followed closely the pattern of Dirac’s book. An impressive feature was an utter lack of emphasis on the part of the lecturer on what had been his own considerable personal contribution to these great discoveries. I have already spoken of Dirac as a kind of scientiﬁc saint, in the purity of his mind and the singleness of his purpose. The lectures enthralled one by their clarity and the majestic unfolding of their argument, as satisfying and seemingly inevitable as the development of a Bach fugue. They were wholly free from rhetorical tricks of any kind, but near the beginning Dirac did permit himself a mildly theatrical gesture. world from the everyday world of classical physics [7]. In professional jargon this new possibility is called the superposition principle. Double slits and superposition Quantum theory The radical consequences that follow from the assumption of superposition are well illustrated by what is called the double slits experiment. Richard Feynman, the spirited Nobel Prize physicist who has caught the popular imagination by his anecdotal books, once described this phenomenon as lying at ‘the heart of quantum mechanics’. He took the view that you had to swallow quantum theory whole, without worrying about the taste or whether you could digest it. This could be done by gulping down the double slits experiment, for In reality it contains the only mystery. We cannot make the mystery go away by ‘explaining’ how it works. We will just tell you how it works. In telling you how it works we will have told you about the basic peculiarities of all quantum mechanics. After such a trailer, the reader will surely want to get to grips with this intriguing phenomenon. The experiment involves a source of quantum entities, let us say an electron gun that ﬁres a steady stream of particles. These particles impinge on a screen in which there are two slits, A and B. Beyond the slitted screen there is a detector screen that can register the arrival of the electrons. It could be a large photographic plate on which each incident electron will make a mark. The rate of delivery from the electron gun is adjusted so that there is only a single electron traversing the apparatus at any one time. We then observe what happens. The electrons arrive at the detector screen one by one, and for each of them one sees a corresponding mark appearing that records its point of impact. This manifests individual electron behaviour in a particlelike mode. However, when a large number of marks have 22 3. The double slits experiment The phenomenon is a neat example of electron wave/particle duality. Electrons arriving one by one is particlelike behaviour; the resulting collective interference pattern is wavelike behaviour. But there is something much more interesting than that to be said. We can probe a little deeper into what is going on by asking the question, When an indivisible single electron is traversing the apparatus, through which slit does it pass in order to get to the detector screen? Let us suppose that it went through the top slit, 23 The light dawns accumulated on the detector screen, we ﬁnd that the collective pattern they have created shows the familiar form of an interference effect. There is an intense dark spot on the screen opposite the point midway between the two slits, corresponding to the location where the largest number of electron marks have been deposited. On either side of this central band there are alternating light and diminishingly dark bands, corresponding to the nonarrival and arrival of electrons at these positions respectively. Such a diffraction pattern (as the physicists call these interference effects) is the unmistakable signature of electrons behaving in a wavelike mode. Quantum theory A. If that were the case, the lower slit B was really irrelevant and it might just as well have been temporarily closed up. But, with only A open, the electron would not be most likely to arrive at the midpoint of the far screen, but instead it would be most likely to end up at the point opposite A. Since this is not the case, we conclude that the electron could not have gone through A. Standing the argument on its head, we conclude that the electron could not have gone through B either. What then was happening? That great and good man, Sherlock Holmes, was fond of saying that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains must have been the case, however improbable it may seem to be. Applying this Holmesian principle leads us to the conclusion that the indivisible electron went through both slits. In terms of classical intuition this is a nonsense conclusion. In terms of quantum theory’s superposition principle, however, it makes perfect sense. The state of motion of the electron was the addition of the states (going through A) and (going through B). The superposition principle implies two very general features of quantum theory. One is that it is no longer possible to form a clear picture of what is happening in the course of physical process. Living as we do in the (classical) everyday world, it is impossible for us to visualize an indivisible particle going through both slits. The other consequence is that it is no longer possible to predict exactly what will happen when we make an observation. Suppose we were to modify the double slits experiment by putting a detector near each of the two slits, so that it could be determined which slit an electron had passed through. It turns out that this modiﬁcation of the experiment would bring about two consequences. One is that sometimes the electron would be detected near slit A and sometimes it would be detected near slit B. It would be impossible to predict where it would be found on any particular occasion but, over a long series of trials, the relative probabilities associated with the two slits would be 50–50. This illustrates the general feature that in quantum theory predictions of the results of measurement 24 are statistical in character and not deterministic. Quantum theory deals in probabilities rather than certainties. The other consequence of this modiﬁcation of the experiment would be the destruction of the interference pattern on the ﬁnal screen. No longer would electrons tend to the middle point of the detector screen but they would split evenly between those arriving opposite A and those arriving opposite B. In other words, the behaviour one ﬁnds depends upon what one chooses to look for. Asking a particlelike question (which slit?) gives a particlelike answer; asking a wavelike question (only about the ﬁnal accumulated pattern on the detector screen) gives a wavelike answer. Probabilities The probability interpretation implied that measurements must be occasions of instantaneous and discontinuous change. If an electron was in a state with probability spread out ‘here’, ‘there’, and, perhaps, ‘everywhere’, when its position was measured and found to be, on this occasion, ‘here’, then the probability distribution had suddenly to change, becoming concentrated solely on the actually measured position, ‘here’. Since the probability distribution is to 25 The light dawns It was Max Born at Göttingen who ﬁrst clearly emphasized the probabilistic character of quantum theory, an achievement for which he would only receive his welldeserved Nobel Prize as late as 1954. The advent of wave mechanics had raised the familiar question, Waves of what? Initially there was some disposition to suppose that it might be a question of waves of matter, so that it was the electron itself that was spread out in this wavelike way. Born soon realized that this idea did not work. It could not accommodate particlelike properties. Instead it was waves of probability that the Schrödinger equation described. This development did not please all the pioneers, for many retained strongly the deterministic instincts of classical physics. Both de Broglie and Schrödinger became disillusioned with quantum physics when presented with its probabilistic character. be calculated from the wavefunction, this too must change discontinuously, a behaviour that the Schrödinger equation itself did not imply. This phenomenon of sudden change, called the collapse of the wavepacket, was an extra condition that had to be imposed upon the theory from without. We shall see in the next chapter that the process of measurement continues to give rise to perplexities about how to understand and interpret quantum theory. In someone like Schrödinger, the issue evoked more than perplexity. It ﬁlled him with distaste and he said that if he had known that his ideas would have led to this ‘damn quantum jumping’ he would not have wished to discover his equation! Quantum theory Observables (Warning to the reader: This section includes some simple mathematical ideas that are well worth the effort to acquire, but whose digestion will require some concentration. This is the only section in the main text to risk a glancing encounter with mathematics. I regret that it cannot help being somewhat hardgoing for the nonmathematician.) Classical physics describes a world that is clear and determinate. Quantum physics describes a world that is cloudy and ﬁtful. In terms of the formalism (the mathematical expression of the theory), we have seen that these properties arise from the fact that the quantum superposition principle permits the mixing together of states that classically would be strictly immiscible. This simple principle of counterintuitive additivity ﬁnds a natural form of mathematical expression in terms of what are called vector spaces [7]. A vector in ordinary space can be thought of as an arrow, something of given length pointing in a given direction. Arrows can be added together simply by following one after the other. For example, four miles in a northerly direction followed by three miles in an easterly direction adds up to ﬁve miles in a direction 37° east of north (see 26 The light dawns 4. Adding vectors ﬁgure 4). Mathematicians can generalize these ideas to spaces of any number of dimensions. The essential property that all vectors have is that they can be added together. Thus they provide a natural mathematical counterpart to the quantum superposition principle. The details need not concern us here but, since it is always good to feel at home with terminology, it is worth remarking that a particularly sophisticated form of vector space, called a Hilbert space, provides the mathematical vehicle of choice for quantum theory. So far the discussion has concentrated on states of motion. One may think of them as arising from speciﬁc ways of preparing the initial material for an experiment: ﬁring electrons from an electron gun; passing light through a particular optical system; deﬂecting 27 Quantum theory particles by a particular set of electric and magnetic ﬁelds; and so on. One can think of the state as being ‘what is the case’ for the system that has been prepared, though the unpicturability of quantum theory means that this will not be as clear and straightforward a matter as it would be in classical physics. If the physicist wants to know something more precisely (where actually is the electron?), it will be necessary to make an observation, involving an experimental intervention on the system. For example, the experimenter may wish to measure some particular dynamical quantity, such as the position or the momentum of an electron. The formal question then arises: If the state is represented by a vector, how are the observables that can be measured to be represented? The answer lies in terms of operators acting on the Hilbert space. Thus the scheme linking mathematical formalism to physics includes not only the speciﬁcation that vectors correspond to states, but also that operators correspond to observables [8]. The general idea of an operator is that it is something that transforms one state into another. A simple example is provided by rotation operators. In ordinary threedimensional space, a rotation through 90° about the vertical (in the sense of a righthanded screw) turns a vector (think of it as an arrow) pointing east into a vector (arrow) pointing north. An important property of operators is that usually they do not commute with each other; that is to say the order in which they act is signiﬁcant. Consider two operators: R1, a rotation through 90° about the vertical; R2, a rotation through 90° (again righthanded) about a horizontal axis pointing north. Apply them in the order R1 followed by R2 to an arrow pointing east. R1 turns this into an arrow pointing north, which is then unchanged by R2. We represent the two operations performed in this order as the product R2.R1, since operators, like Hebrew and Arabic, are always read from right to left. Applying the operators in the reverse order ﬁrst changes the eastward arrow into an arrow pointing downwards (effect of R2), which is then left unchanged (effect of R1). Since R2.R1 ends up with an arrow pointing north and R1.R2 28 5. Noncommuting rotations ends up with an arrow pointing downwards, these two products are quite distinct from each other. The order matters – rotations do not commute. Quantum theory Mathematicians will recognize that matrices can also be considered as operators, and so the noncommutativity of the matrices that Heisenberg used is another speciﬁc example of this general operator property. All this may seem pretty abstract, but noncommutativity proves to be the mathematical counterpart of an important physical property. To see how this comes about, one must ﬁrst establish how the operator formalism for observables is related to the actual results of experiments. Operators are fairly sophisticated mathematical entities, but measurements are always expressed as unsophisticated numbers, such as 2.7 units of whatever it might be. If abstract theory is to make sense of physical observations, there must be a way of associating numbers (the results of observations) with operators (the mathematical formalism). Fortunately mathematics proves equal to this challenge. The key ideas are eigenvectors and eigenvalues [8]. Sometimes an operator acting on a vector does not change that vector’s direction. An example would be a rotation about the vertical axis, which leaves a vertical vector completely unchanged. Another example would be the operation of stretching in the vertical direction. This would not change a vertical vector’s direction, but it would change its length. If the stretch has a doubling effect, the length of the vertical vector gets multiplied by 2. In more general terms, we say that if an operator O turns a particular vector v into a multiple λ of itself, then v is an eigenvector of O with eigenvalue λ. The essential idea is that eigenvalues (λ) give a mathematical way of associating numbers with a particular operator (O) and a particular state (v). The general principles of quantum theory include the bold requirement that an eigenvector (also called an eigenstate) will correspond physically to a state in 30 which measuring the observable quantity O will with certainty give the result λ. Another important consequence relates to what measurements can be mutually compatible, that is to say, made at the same time. Suppose it is possible to measure both O1 and O2 simultaneously, with results λ1 and λ2, respectively. Doing so in one order multiplies the state vector by λ1 and then by λ2, while reversing the order of the observations simply reverses the order in which the λs multiplies the state vector. Since the λs are just ordinary numbers, this order does not matter. This implies that O2.O1 and O1.O2 acting on the state vector have identical effects, so that the operator order does not matter. In other words, simultaneous measurements can only be mutually compatible for observables corresponding to operators that commute with each other. Putting it the other way round, observables that do not commute will not be simultaneously measurable. Here we see the familar cloudiness of quantum theory being manifested again. In classical physics the experimenter can measure whatever is desired whenever it is desired to do so. The 31 The light dawns A number of signiﬁcant consequences ﬂow from this rule. One is the converse, that, because there are many vectors that are not eigenvectors, there will be many states in which measuring O will not give any particular result with certainty. (Mathematica aside: it is fairly easy to see that superposing two eigenstates of O corresponding to different eigenvalues will give a state that cannot be a simple eigenstate of O.) Measuring O in states of this latter kind must, therefore, give a variety of different answers on different occasions of measurement. (The familiar probabilistic character of quantum theory is again being manifested.) Whatever result is actually obtained, the consequent state must then correspond to it; that is to say, the vector must change instantaneously to become the appropriate eigenvector of O. This is the sophisticated version of the collapse of the wavepacket. physical world is laid out before the potentially allseeing eye of the scientist. In the quantum world, by contrast, the physicist’s vision is partially veiled. Our access to knowledge of quantum entities is epistemologically more limited than classical physics had supposed. Our mathematical ﬂirtation with vector spaces is at an end. Any reader who is dazed should simply hold on to the fact that in quantum theory only observables whose operators commute with each other can be measured simultaneously. Quantum theory The uncertainty principle What all this means was considerably clariﬁed by Heisenberg in 1927 when he formulated his celebrated uncertainty principle. He realized that the theory should specify what it permitted to be known by way of measurement. Heisenberg’s concern was not with mathematical arguments of the kind that we have just been considering, but with idealized ‘thought experiments’ that sought to explore the physical content of quantum mechanics. One of these thought experiments involved considering the socalled γ-ray microscope. The idea is to ﬁnd out in principle how accurately one might be able to measure the position and momentum of an electron. According to the rules of quantum mechanics, the corresponding operators do not commute. Therefore, if the theory really works, it should not be possible to know the values of both position and momentum with arbitrary accuracy. Heisenberg wanted to understand in physical terms why this was so. Let’s start by trying to measure the electron’s position. In principle, one way to do this would be to shine light on the electron and then look through a microscope to see where it is. (Remember these are thought experiments.) Now, optical instruments have a limited resolving power, which places restrictions on how accurately objects can be located. One cannot do better than the wavelength of the light being used. Of course one way to increase accuracy would be to use shorter wavelengths – 32 This demiknowledge is a quantum characteristic. Observables come in pairs that epistemologically exclude each other. An everyday example of this behaviour can be given in musical terms. It is not possible both to assign a precise instant to when a note was sounded and to know precisely what its pitch was. This is because determining the pitch of a note requires analysing the frequency of the sound and this requires listening to a note for a period lasting several oscillations before an accurate estimate can be made. It is the wave nature of sound that imposes this restriction, and if the measurement questions of quantum theory are discussed from the point of view of wave mechanics, exactly similar considerations lead back to the uncertainty principle. There is an interesting human story behind Heisenberg’s discovery. At the time he was working at the Institute in Copenhagen, whose head was Niels Bohr. Bohr loved interminable discussions and the 33 The light dawns which is where the γ-rays come in, since they are very highfrequency (short wavelength) radiation. However, this ruse exacts a cost, resulting from the particlelike character of the radiation. For the electron to be seen at all, it must deﬂect at least one photon into the microscope. Planck’s formula implies that the higher the frequency, the more energy that photon will be carrying. As a result, decreasing the wavelength subjects the electron to more and more by way of an uncontrollable disturbance of its motion through its collision with the photon. The implication is that one increasingly loses knowledge of what the electron’s momentum will be after the position measurement. There is an inescapable tradeoff between the increasing accuracy of position measurement and the decreasing accuracy of knowledge of momentum. This fact is the basis of the uncertainty principle: it is not possible simultaneously to have perfect knowledge of both position and momentum [9]. In more picturesque language, one can know where an electron is, but not know what it is doing; or one can know what it is doing, but not know where it is. In the quantum world, what the classical physicist would regard as halfknowledge is the best that we can manage. Quantum theory young Heisenberg was one of his favourite conversation partners. In fact, after a while, Bohr’s endless ruminations drove his younger colleague almost to distraction. Heisenberg was glad to seize the opportunity afforded by Bohr’s absence on a skiing holiday to get on with his own work by completing his paper on the uncertainty principle. He then rushed it off for publication before the grand old man got back. When Bohr returned, however, he detected an error that Heisenberg had made. Fortunately the error was correctable and doing so did not affect the ﬁnal result. This minor blunder involved a mistake about the resolving power of optical instruments. It so happened that Heisenberg had had trouble with this subject before. He did his doctoral work in Munich under the direction of Arnold Sommerfeld, one of the leading protagonists of the old quantum theory. Brilliant as a theorist, Heisenberg had not bothered much with the experimental work that was also supposed to be a part of his studies. Sommerfeld’s experimental colleague, Wilhelm Wien, had noted this. He resented the young man’s cavalier attitude and decided to put him through it at the oral examination. He stumped Heisenberg precisely with a demand to derive the resolving power of optical instruments! After the exam, Wien asserted that this lapse meant that Heisenberg should fail. Sommerfeld, of course (and rightly), argued for a pass at the highest level. In the end, there had to be a compromise and the future Nobel Prize winner was awarded his PhD, but at the lowest possible level. Probability amplitudes The way in which probabilities are calculated in quantum theory is in terms of what are called probability amplitudes. A full discussion would be inappropriately mathematically demanding, but there are two aspects of what is involved of which the reader should be aware. One is that these amplitudes are complex numbers, that is to say, they involve not only ordinary numbers but also i, the ‘imaginary’ square root of −1. In fact, complex numbers are endemic in the formalism of quantum theory. This is because they afford a very convenient way of representing an aspect of waves that was referred 34 to in Chapter 1, in the course of discussing interference phenomena. We saw that the phase of waves relates to whether two sets of waves are in step or out of step with each other (or any possibility intermediate between these two). Mathematically, complex numbers provide a natural and convenient way of expressing these ‘phase relations’. The theory has to be careful, however, to ensure that the results of observations (eigenvalues) are free from any contamination by terms involving i. This is achieved by requiring that the operators corresponding to observables satisfy a certain condition that the mathematicians call being ‘hermitean’ [8]. The probabilities themselves, which to make sense must be positive numbers, are calculated from the amplitudes by a kind of squaring (called ‘the square of the modulus’) that always yields a positive number from the complex amplitude. There is also a scaling condition (called ‘normalization’) that ensures that when all the probabilities are added together they total up to 1 (certainly something must happen!). 35 The light dawns The second aspect of probability amplitudes that we need at least to be told about is that, as part of the mathematical apparatus of the theory that we have been discussing, their calculation is found to involve a combination of state vectors and observable operators. Since it is these ‘matrix elements’ (as such combinations are called) that carry the most direct physical signiﬁcance, and because it turns out that they are formed from what one might call stateobservable ‘sandwiches’, the timedependence of the physics can be attributed either to a timedependence present in the state vectors or to a timedependence present in the observables. This observation turns out to provide the clue to how, despite their apparent differences, the theories of Heisenberg and Schrödinger do actually correspond to exactly the same physics [10]. Their seeming dissimilarity arises from Heisenberg’s attributing all the timedependence to the operators and Schrödinger’s attributing it wholly to the state vectors. Complementarity Quantum theory All the while these wonderful discoveries were coming to light, Copenhagen had been the centre where assessments were made and verdicts delivered on what was happening. By this time, Niels Bohr was no longer himself making detailed contributions to technical advances. Yet he remained deeply interested in interpretative issues and he was the person to whose integrity and discernment the Young Turks, who were actually writing the pioneering papers, submitted their discoveries. Copenhagen was the court of the philosopherking, to whom the intellectual offerings of the new breed of quantum mechanics were brought for evaluation and recognition. In addition to this role as fatherﬁgure, Bohr did offer an insightful gloss on the new quantum theory. This took the form of his notion of complementarity. Quantum theory offered a number of alternative modes of thought. There were the alternative representations of process that could be based on measuring either all positions or all momenta; the duality between thinking of entities in terms of waves or in terms of particles. Bohr emphasized that both members of these pairs of alternatives were to be taken equally seriously, and could be so treated without contradiction because each complemented rather than conﬂicted with the other. This was because they corresponded to different, and mutually incompatible, experimental arrangements that could not both be employed at the same time. Either you set up a wave experiment (double slits), in which case a wavelike question was being asked that would receive a wavelike answer (an interference pattern); or you set up a particle experiment (detecting which slit the electron went through) in which case the particlelike question received a particlelike answer (two areas of impact opposite the two slits). Complementarity was obviously a helpful idea, though it by no means resolved all interpretative problems, as the next chapter will show. As Bohr grew older he became increasingly concerned with 36 Quantum logic One might well expect quantum theory to modify in striking ways our conceptions of such physical terms as position and momentum. It is altogether more surprising that it has also affected how we think about those little logical words ‘and’ and ‘or’. Classical logic, as conceived of by Aristotle and the man on the Clapham omnibus, is based on the distributive law of logic. If I tell you that Bill has red hair and he is either at home or at the pub, you will expect either to ﬁnd a redhaired Bill at home or a redhaired Bill at the pub. It seems a pretty harmless conclusion to draw, and formally it depends upon the Aristotelian law of the excluded middle: there is no middle term between ‘at home’ and ‘not at home’. In the 1930s, people began to realize that matters were different in the quantum world. An electron can not only be ‘here’ and ‘not here’, but also in any number of other states that are 37 The light dawns philosophical issues. He was undoubtedly a very great physicist, but it seems to me that he was distinctly less gifted at this later avocation. His thoughts were extensive and cloudy, and many books have subsequently been written attempting to analyse them, with conclusions that have assigned to Bohr a variety of mutually incompatible philosophical positions. Perhaps he would not have been surprised at this, for he liked to say that there was a complementarity between being able to say something clearly and its being something deep and worth saying. Certainly, the relevance of complementarity to quantum theory (where the issue arises from experience and we possess an overall theoretical framework that renders it intelligible) provides no licence for the easy export of the notion to other disciplines, as if it could be invoked to ‘justify’ any paradoxical pairing that took one’s fancy. Bohr may be thought to have got perilously close to this when he suggested that complementarity could shed light on the ageold question of determinism and free will in relation to human nature. We shall postpone further philosophical reﬂection until the ﬁnal chapter. Quantum theory superpositions of ‘here’ and ‘not here’. That constitutes a middle term undreamed of by Aristotle. The consequence is that there is a special form of logic, called quantum logic, whose details were worked out by Garret Birkhoff and John von Neumann. It is sometimes called threevalued logic, because in addition to ‘true’ and ‘false’ it countenances the probabilistic answer ‘maybe’, an idea that philosophers have toyed with independently. 38 Chapter 3 Darkening perplexities At the time at which modern quantum theory was discovered, the physical problems that held centre stage were concerned with the behaviour of atoms and of radiation. This period of initial discovery was followed in the late 1920s and early 1930s by a sustained and feverish period of exploitation, as the new ideas were applied to a wide variety of other physical phenomena. For example, we shall see a little later that quantum theory gave signiﬁcant new understanding of how electrons behave inside crystalline solids. I once heard Paul Dirac speak of this period of rapid development by saying that it was a time ‘when secondrate men did ﬁrstrate work’. In almost anyone else’s mouth those words would have been a putdown remark of a not very agreeable kind. Not so with Dirac. All his life he had a simple and matteroffact way of talking, in which he said what he meant with unadorned directness. His words were simply intended to convey something of the richness of understanding that ﬂowed from those initial fundamental insights. This successful application of quantum ideas has continued unabated. We now use the theory equally effectively to discuss the behaviour of quarks and gluons, an impressive achievement when we recall that these constituents of nuclear matter are at least 100 million times smaller than the atoms that concerned the pioneers in the 1920s. Physicists know how to do the sums and they ﬁnd that the answers continue to come out right with astonishing accuracy. 39 For instance, quantum electrodynamics (the theory of the interaction of electrons with photons) yields results that agree with experiment to an accuracy corresponding to an error of less than the width of a human hair in relation to the distance between Los Angeles and New York! Quantum theory Considered in these terms, the quantum story is a tremendous tale of success, perhaps the greatest success story in the history of physical science. Yet a profound paradox remains. Despite the physicists’ ability to do the calculations, they still do not understand the theory. Serious interpretative problems remain unresolved, and these are the subject of continuing dispute. These contentious issues concern two perplexities in particular: the signiﬁcance of the probabilistic character of the theory, and the nature of the measurement process. Probabilities Probabilities also arise in classical physics, where their origin lies in ignorance of some of the detail of what is going on. The paradigm example is the tossing of a coin. No one doubts that Newtonian mechanics determines how it should land after being spun – there is no question of a direct intervention by Fortuna, the goddess of chance – but the motion is too sensitive to the precise and minute detail of the way the coin was tossed (details of which we are unaware) for us to be able to predict exactly what the outcome will be. We do know, however, that if the coin is fair, the odds are even, 1/2 for heads and 1/2 for tails. Similarly, for a true die the probability of any particular number ending face upwards is 1/6. If one asks for the probability of throwing either a 1 or a 2, one simply adds the separate probabilities together to give 1/3. This addition rule holds because the processes of throwing that lead to 1 or to 2 are distinct and independent of each other. Since they have no inﬂuence upon each other, one just adds the resulting odds together. It all seems pretty straightforward. Yet in the quantum world things are different. 40 Consider ﬁrst what would be the classical equivalent of the quantum experiment with electrons and the double slits. An everyday analogue would be throwing tennis balls at a fence with two holes in it. There will be a certain probability for a ball to go through one hole and a certain probability for it to go through the other. If we are concerned with the chance that the ball lands on the other side of the fence, since it has to go through one hole or the other, we just add these two probabilities together ( just as we did for the two faces of the die). In the quantum case, things are different because of the superposition principle permitting the electron to go through both slits. What classically were mutually distinct possibilities are entangled with each other quantum mechanically. (2 + 3)2 = 22 + 32 + 12 That ‘extra’ 12 is the cross term. Perhaps that seems a little mysterious. The essential notion is as follows: In the everyday world, to get the probability of a ﬁnal result you simply add together the probabilities of independent intermediate possibilities. In the quantum world, the combination of intermediate possibilities that are not directly observed takes place in a more subtle and sophisticated way. That is why the quantum calculation involves cross terms. Since the probability 41 Darkening perplexities As a result, the laws for combining probabilities are different in quantum theory. If one has to sum over a number of unobserved intermediate possibilities, it is the probability amplitudes that have to be added together, and not the probabilities themselves. In the double slits experiment we must add the amplitude for (going through A) to the amplitude for (going through B). Recall that probabilities are calculated from amplitudes by a kind of squaring process. The effect of addingbeforesquaring is to produce what a mathematician would call ‘cross terms’. One can taste the ﬂavour of this idea by considering the simple arithmetical equation amplitudes are in fact complex numbers, these cross terms include phase effects, so that there can be either constructive or destructive interference, as happens in the double slits experiment. Quantum theory Putting the matter in a nutshell, classical probabilities correspond to ignorance and they combine by simple addition. Quantum probabilities combine in an apparently more elusive and unpicturable way. There then arises the question: Would it, nevertheless, be possible to understand quantum probabilities as also having their origin in the physicist’s ignorance of all the detail of what is going on, so that the underlying basic probabilities, corresponding to inaccessible but completely detailed knowledge of what was the case, would still add up classically? Behind the query lies a wistful hankering on the part of some to restore determinism to physics, even if it were to prove a veiled kind of determinism. Consider, for example, the decay of a radioactive nucleus (one that is unstable and liable to break up). All that quantum theory can predict is the probability for this decay to occur. For instance, it can say that a particular nucleus has a probability of 1/2 of decaying in the next hour, but it cannot predict whether that speciﬁc nucleus will actually decay during that hour. Yet perhaps that nucleus has a little internal clock that speciﬁes precisely when it will decay, but which we cannot read. If that were the case, and if other nuclei of the same kind had their own internal clocks whose different settings would cause them to decay at different times, then what we assigned as probabilities would arise simply from ignorance, our inability to gain access to the settings of those hidden internal clocks. Although the decays would seem random to us, they would, in fact, be completely determined by these unknowable details. In ultimate reality, quantum probability would then be no different from classical probability. Theories of this kind are called hidden variable interpretations of quantum mechanics. Are they in fact a possibility? The celebrated mathematician John von Neumann believed that he 42 had shown that the unusual properties of quantum probabilities implied that they could never be interpreted as the consequence of ignorance of hidden variables. In fact, there was an error in his argument that took years to detect. We shall see later that a deterministic interpretation of quantum theory is possible in which probabilities arise from ignorance of details. However, we shall also see that the theory that succeeds in this way has other properties that have made it seem unattractive to the majority of physicists. Decoherence Conventional thinking had regarded that environment as being empty, except for the quantum entities whose interactions were the subject of explicit consideration. In actual fact, this idealization does not always work, and where it does not work important consequences can ﬂow from this fact. What had been neglected was the almost ubiquitous presence of radiation. Experiments take place in an enveloping sea of photons, some coming from the Sun and some coming from the universal cosmic background radiation that is a lingering echo from the time when the universe was about half a million years old and had just become cool enough for matter and radiation to decouple from their previous universal intermingling. 43 Darkening perplexities One aspect of the problems we are considering in this chapter can be phrased in terms of asking how it can be that the quantum constituents of the physical world, such as quarks and gluons and electrons, whose behaviour is cloudy and ﬁtful, can give rise to the macroscopic world of everyday experience, which seems so clear and reliable. An important step towards gaining some understanding of this transition has been made through a development that has taken place in the last 25 years. Physicists have come to realize that in many cases it is important to take into account, more seriously than they had done previously, the environment within which quantum processes are actually taking place. Quantum theory It turns out that the consequence of this virtually omnipresent background radiation is to affect the phases of the relevant probability amplitudes. Taking into account this socalled ‘phase randomization’ can, in certain cases, have the effect of almost entirely washing out the cross terms in quantum probability calculations. (Crudely speaking, it averages about as many pluses as minuses, giving a result near zero.) All this can occur with quite astonishing rapidity. The phenomenon is called ‘decoherence’. Decoherence has been hailed by some as providing the clue by which to understand how microscopic quantum phenomena and macroscopic classical phenomena are related to each other. Unfortunately this is only a halftruth. It can serve to make some quantum probabilities look more like classical probabilities, but it does not make them the same. There still remains the central perplexity of what is called ‘the measurement problem’. The measurement problem In classical physics, measurement is unproblematic. It is simply the observation of what is the case. Beforehand we may be able to do no more than assign a probability of 1/2 that the coin will land heads, but if that is what we see that is simply because it is what has actually happened. Measurement in conventional quantum theory is different because the superposition principle holds together alternative, and eventually mutually exclusive, possibilities right until the last moment, when suddenly one of them alone surfaces as the realized actuality on this occasion. We have seen that one way of thinking about this can be expressed in terms of the collapse of the wavepacket. The electron’s probability was spread out over ‘here’, ‘there’, and ‘everywhere’, but when the physicist addresses to it the experimental question ‘Where are you?’ and on this particular occasion the answer ‘here’ turns up, then all the probability 44 collapses onto this single actuality. The big question that has remained unanswered in our discussion so far is: How does this come about? Measurements are a chain of correlated consequences by which a state of affairs in the microscopic quantum world produces a corresponding signal observable in the everyday world of laboratory measuring apparatus. We can clarify the point by considering a somewhat idealized, but not misleading, experiment that measures an electron’s spin. The property of spin corresponds to electrons behaving as if they were tiny magnets. Because of an unpicturable quantum effect that the reader will simply have to be asked to take on trust, the electron’s magnet can only point in two opposing directions, which we may conventionally call ‘up’ and ‘down’. 6. A SternGerlach experiment 45 Darkening perplexities The experiment is conducted with an initially unpolarized beam of electrons, that is to say, electrons in a state that is an even superposition of ‘up’ and ‘down’. These electrons are made to pass through an inhomogeneous magnetic ﬁeld. Because of the magnetic Quantum theory effect of their spin, they will be deﬂected either up or down according to the spin direction. They will then pass through one or other of two appropriately placed detectors, Du or Dd (Geiger counters, perhaps), and then the experimenter will hear one or other of these detectors click, registering the passage of an electron in either the up or the down direction. This procedure is called a SternGerlach experiment, after the two German physicists who ﬁrst conducted an investigation of this kind. (In fact it was done with an atomic beam, but it was electrons in the atoms that controlled what was happening.) How should we analyse what is going on? If the spin is up, the electron is deﬂected upwards, then it passes through Du, the Du clicks, and the experimenter hears Duclick. If the spin is down, the electron is deﬂected downwards, then it passes through Dd, the Dd clicks, and the experimenter hears this happen. One sees what is going on in this analysis. It presents us with a chain of correlated consequences: if . . . then . . . then . . . . But on an actual occasion of measurement, only one of these chains occurs. What makes this particular happening take place on this particular occasion? What settles that this time the answer shall be ‘up’ and not ‘down’? Decoherence does not answer this question for us. What it does do is to tighten the links in the separate chains, making them more classicallike, but it does not explain why a particular chain is the realized possibility on a particular occasion. The essence of the measurement problem is the search to understand the origin of this speciﬁcity. We shall survey the variety of responses that have been suggested, but we shall see that none of them is wholly satisfactory or free from perplexity. The proposals can be classiﬁed under a number of headings. (1) Irrelevance Some interpreters attempt to ﬁnesse the problem, claiming that it is irrelevant. One argument in favour of this stance is the positivist 46 assertion that science is simply about correlating phenomena and that it should not aspire to understanding them. If we know how to do the quantum sums, and if the answers correlate highly satisfactorily with empirical experience, as they do, then that is all that we should wish for. It is simply inappropriately intellectually greedy to ask for more. A more reﬁned form of positivism is represented by what is called ‘the consistent histories’ approach, which lays down prescriptions for obtaining sequences of quantum predictions that are readily interpretable as results coming from the use of classical measuring apparatus. A third kind of argument in this general category asserts that the wavefunction is not about states of physical systems at all, but about states of the human knowledge of such systems. If one is simply thinking epistemologically, then ‘collapse’ is an unproblematic phenomenon: before I was ignorant; now I know. It seems very odd, however, that the representation of what is claimed to be all in the mind should actually satisfy a physicallooking equation like the Schrödinger equation. All these arguments have a common feature. They take a minimalist view of the task of physics. In particular, they suppose that it is not concerned with gaining understanding of the detailed character of particular physical processes. This may be a view congenial to those of a certain kind of philosophical disposition, but it is abhorrent to the mind of the scientist, whose ambition is to gain the maximum attainable degree of understanding of what is happening in the physical world. To settle for less would be treason of the clerks. 47 Darkening perplexities A different kind of argument, which also falls under the rubric of irrelevance, is the claim that quantum physics should not seek to speak about individual events at all, but its proper concern is with ‘ensembles’, that is to say the statistical properties of collections of events. If that were the case, a purely probabilistic account is all that one would be entitled to expect. (2) Large systems Quantum theory The founding ﬁgures of quantum mechanics were, of course, aware of the problems that measurement posed for the theory. Niels Bohr, in particular, became very concerned with the issue. The answer that he propounded came to be known as the Copenhagen interpretation. The key idea was that a unique role was being played by classical measuring apparatus. Bohr held that it was the intervention of these large measuring devices that produced the determinating effect. Even before the measurement issue surfaced, it had been necessary to have some way of seeing how one might recover from quantum theory the very considerable successes of classical mechanics in describing processes taking place on an everyday scale. It would be no use describing the microscopic at the expense of losing an understanding of the macroscopic. This requirement, called the correspondence principle, roughly amounted to being able to see that ‘large’ systems (the scale of largeness being set by Planck’s constant) should behave in a way excellently approximated to by Newton’s equations. Later, people came to realize that the relation between quantum mechanics and classical mechanics was a good deal subtler than this simple picture conveyed. Subsequently we shall see that there are some macroscopic phenomena that display certain intrinsically quantum properties, even including the possibility of technological exploitation, as in quantum computing. However, these arise in somewhat exceptional circumstances and the general drift of the correspondence principle was in the right direction. Bohr emphasized that a measurement involved both the quantum entity and the classical measuring apparatus and he insisted that one should think of the mutual engagement of the two as being a single package deal (which he called a ‘phenomenon’). Exactly where along the chain of correlated consequences leading from one end to the other the particularity of a speciﬁc result set in was then a 48 question that could be avoided, as long as one kept the two ends of the chain inseparably connected together. At ﬁrst sight, there is something attractive about this proposal. If you go into a physics laboratory, you will ﬁnd it littered with the kinds of apparatus of which Bohr spoke. Yet there is also something ﬁshy about the proposal. Its account is dualistic in tone, as if the population of the physical world were made up of two different classes of being: ﬁtful quantum entities and determinating classical measuring apparatus. In actual fact, however, there is a single, monistic physical world. Those bits of classical apparatus are themselves composed of quantum constituents (ultimately quarks, gluons, and electrons). The original Copenhagen interpretation failed to address the problem of how determinating apparatus could emerge from an indeterminate quantum substrate. With one exception that genuinely is not signiﬁcant for the present discussion, the fundamental laws of physics are reversible. To see what this means, suppose, contrary to Heisenberg, that one could make a ﬁlm of two electrons interacting. That ﬁlm would make equal sense if it were run forwards or backwards. In other words, in the microworld, there is no intrinsic arrow of time, distinguishing the future from the past. In the macroworld, obviously, things are very different. Systems run down and the everyday world is irreversible. A ﬁlm of a bouncing ball in which the bounces get higher and higher is being run backwards. These effects are related 49 Darkening perplexities Nevertheless, it may be that Bohr and his friends were waving their hands in the right direction, even if not yet vigorously enough. Today, I think the majority of practising quantum physicists would subscribe to what one might call a neoCopenhagen interpretation. On this view, the largeness and complexity of macroscopic apparatus is what somehow enables it to play the determinating role. How this happens is certainly not at all adequately understood, but at least one can correlate it with another (also not fully understood) property of large systems. This is their irreversibility. to the second law of thermodynamics, which states that, in an isolated system, entropy (the measure of disorder) never decreases. The reason this happens is that there are so many more ways of being disorderly than there are of being orderly, so that disarray wins hands down. Just think of your desk, if you do not intervene from time to time to tidy it up. Quantum theory Now, measurement is the irreversible registration of a macroscopic signal of the state of affairs in the microworld. Therefore it incorporates an intrinsic direction of time: before there was no result, afterwards there is one. Thus there is some plausibility in supposing that an adequate understanding of large and complex systems that fully explained their irreversibility might also afford a valuable clue to the nature of the role they play in quantum measurement. In the current state of knowledge, however, this remains a pious aspiration rather than an actual achievement. (3) New physics Some have considered that solving the measurement problem will call for more radical thinking than simply pushing further principles that are already familiar to science. Ghirardi, Rimmer, and Weber have made a particularly interesting suggestion along these innovative lines (which has come to be known as the GRW theory). They propose that there is a universal property of random wavefunction collapse in space, but that the rate at which this happens depends on the amount of matter present. For quantum entities on their own, this rate is too tiny to have any noticeable effect, but in the presence of macroscopic quantities of matter (for instance, in a piece of classical measuring apparatus) it becomes so rapid as to be practically instantaneous. This is a suggestion that, in principle, would be open to investigation through delicate experiments aimed at detecting other manifestations of this propensity to collapse. In the absence of such empirical conﬁrmation, however, most physicists regard the GRW theory as too ad hoc to be persuasive. 50 (4) Consciousness At most times and in most places, the universe has been devoid of consciousness. Are we to suppose that throughout these vast tracts of cosmic space and time, no quantum process resulted in a determinate consequence? Suppose one were to set up a computerized experiment in which the result was printed out on a piece of paper, which was then automatically stored away without any observer looking at it until six months later. Would it be the case that only at that subsequent time would there come to be a deﬁnite imprint on the paper? These conclusions are not absolutely impossible, but many scientists do not ﬁnd them at all plausible. The difﬁculties intensify further if we consider the sad story of Schrödinger’s cat. The unfortunate animal is immured in a box that also contains a radioactive source with a 50–50 chance of decaying within the next hour. If the decay takes place, the emitted radiation will trigger the release of poison gas that will instantly kill the cat. Applying the conventional principles of quantum theory to the box and its contents leads to the implication that at the end of the hour, before 51 Darkening perplexities In the analysis of the SternGerlach experiment, the last link in the correlated chain was a human observer hearing the counter click. Every quantum measurement of whose outcome we have actual knowledge has had as its ﬁnal step someone’s conscious awareness of the result. Consciousness is the illunderstood but undeniable (except by certain philosophers) experience of the interface between the material and the mental. The effects of drugs or brain damage make it clear that the material can act upon the mental. Why should we not expect a reciprocal power of the mental to act upon the material? Something like this seems to happen when we execute the willed intention of raising an arm. Perhaps, then, it is the intervention of a conscious observer that determines the outcome of a measurement. At ﬁrst sight, the proposal has some attraction, and a number of very distinguished physicists have espoused this point of view. Nevertheless, it also has some very severe difﬁculties. Quantum theory a conscious observer lifts the lid of the box, the cat is in an evenhanded superposition of ‘alive’ and ‘dead’. Only after the box is opened will there be a collapse of possibilities, resulting in the discovery of either a deﬁnitely cooling corpse or a deﬁnitely frisking feline. But surely the animal knows whether or not it is alive, without requiring human intervention to help it to that conclusion? Perhaps we should conclude, therefore, that cat consciousness is as effective at determinating quantum outcomes as is human consciousness. Where then do we stop? Can worms also collapse the wavefunction? They may not exactly be conscious, but one would tend to suppose that in some way or another they have the deﬁnite property of being either alive or dead. These kinds of difﬁculties have prevented most physicists from believing that hypothesizing a unique role for consciousness is the way to solve the measurement problem. (5) Many worlds A yet more daring proposal rejects the idea of collapse altogether. Its proponents assert that the quantum formalism should be taken with greater seriousness than to impose upon it from outside the entirely ad hoc hypothesis of discontinuous change in the wavefunction. Instead one should acknowledge that everything that can happen does happen. Why then do experimenters have the contrary impression, ﬁnding that on this occasion the electron is ‘here’ and nowhere else? The answer given is that this is the narrowly parochial view of an observer in this universe, but quantum reality is much greater than so constrained a picture suggests. Not only is there a world in which Schrödinger’s cat lives, but there is also a parallel but disconnected world in which Schrödinger’s cat dies. In other words, at every act of measurement, physical reality divides into a multiplicity of separate universes, in each of which different (cloned) experimenters observe the different possible outcomes of the measurement. Reality is a multiverse rather than a simple universe. 52 Since quantum measurements are happening all the time, this is a proposal of astonishing ontological prodigality. Poor William of Occam (whose logical ‘razor’ is supposed to cut out unnecessarily prodigal assumptions) must be turning in his grave at the thought of such a multiplication of entities. A different way of conceiving of this unimaginably immense proliferation is to locate it as happening not externally to the cosmos but internally to the mind/ brain states of observers. Making that move is a turn from a manyworlds interpretation to a manyminds interpretation, but this scarcely serves to mitigate the prodigality of the proposal. (6) Determinism In 1954, David Bohm published an account of quantum theory that was fully deterministic, but which gave exactly the same experimental predictions as those of conventional quantum mechanics. In this theory, probabilities arise simply from ignorance of certain details. This remarkable discovery led John Bell to reexamine von Neumann’s argument stating that this was impossible and to exhibit the ﬂawed assumption on which this erroneous conclusion had been based. Bohm achieved this impressive feat by divorcing wave and particle, 53 Darkening perplexities At ﬁrst, the only physicists attracted to this way of thinking were the quantum cosmologists, seeking to apply quantum theory to the universe itself. While we remain perplexed about how the microscopic and the macroscopic relate to each other, this extension in the direction of the cosmic is a bold move whose feasibility is not necessarily obvious. If it is to be made, however, the manyworlds approach may seem the only option to use, for when the cosmos is involved there is no room left over for scientiﬁc appeal to the effects of external large systems or of consciousness. Latterly, there seems to have been a degree of widening inclination among other physicists to embrace the manyworlds approach, but for many of us it still remains a metaphysical steam hammer brought in to crack an admittedly tough quantum nut. Quantum theory which Copenhagen thinking had wedded in indissoluble complementarity. In the Bohm theory there are particles that are as unproblematically classical as even Isaac Newton himself would have wished them to be. When their positions or momenta are measured, it is simply a matter of observing what is unambiguously the case. In addition to the particles, however, there is a completely separate wave, whose form at any instant encapsulates information about the whole environment. This wave is not directly discernible but it has empirical consequences, for it inﬂuences the motion of the particles in a way that is additional to the effects of the conventional forces that may also act on them. It is this inﬂuence of the hidden wave (sometimes referred to as the ‘guiding wave’ or the source of the ‘quantum potential’) that sensitively affects the particles and succeeds in producing the appearance of interference effects and the characteristic probabilities associated with them. These guiding wave effects are strictly deterministic. Although the consequences are tightly predictable, they depend very delicately on the ﬁne detail of the actual positions of the particles, and it is this sensitivity to minute variations that produces the appearance of randomness. Thus it is the particle positions that act as the hidden variables in Bohmian theory. To understand Bohm’s theory further, it is instructive to enquire how it deals with the double slits experiment. Because of the picturable nature of the particles, in this theory the electron must deﬁnitely go through one of the slits. What, then, was wrong with our earlier argument that this could not be so? What makes it possible to circumvent that earlier conclusion is the effect of the hidden wave. Without its independent existence and inﬂuence, it would indeed be true that if the electron went through slit A, slit B was irrelevant and could have been either open or shut. But Bohm’s wave encapsulates instantaneous information about the total environment, and so its form is different if B is shut to what it is when B is open. This difference produces important consequences for the way in which the wave guides the particles. If B is shut, most of them are directed to the spot opposite A; if B is open, most 54 of them are directed towards the midpoint of the detector screen. One might have supposed that a determinate and picturable version of quantum theory would have a great attraction for physicists. In actual fact, few of them have taken to Bohmian ideas. The theory is certainly instructive and clever, but many feel that it is too clever by half. There is an air of contrivance about it that makes it unappealing. For example, the hidden wave has to satisfy a wave equation. Where does this equation come from? The frank answer is out of the air or, more accurately, out of the mind of Schrödinger. To get the right results, Bohm’s wave equation must be the Schrödinger equation, but this does not follow from any internal logic of the theory and it is simply an ad hoc strategy designed to produce empirically acceptable answers. The measurement problem continues to cause us anxiety as we contemplate the bewildering range of, at best, only partially persuasive proposals that have been made for its solution. Options resorted to have included disregard (irrelevance); known physics 55 Darkening perplexities There are also certain technical difﬁculties that make the theory seem less than totally satisfactory. One of the most challenging of these relates to probabilistic properties. I have to admit that, for simplicity, I have so far not quite stated these correctly. What is exactly true is that if the initial probabilities relating to the particle dispositions coincide with those that conventional quantum theory would prescribe, then that coincidence between the two theories will be maintained for all the subsequent motion. However, you must start off right. In other words, the empirical success of Bohm’s theory requires either that the universe happened to start up with the right (quantum) probabilities built in initially or, if it did not, then some process of convergence quickly drove it in that direction. This latter possibility is not inconceivable (a physicist would call it ‘relaxation’ onto the quantum probabilities), but it has not been demonstrated nor has its timescale been reliably estimated. Quantum theory (decoherence); hopedfor physics (large systems); unknown new physics (GRW); hidden new physics (Bohm); metaphysical conjecture (consciousness; many worlds). It is a tangled tale and one that it is embarrassing for a physicist to tell, given the central role that measurement has in physical thinking. To be frank, we do not have as tight an intellectual grasp of quantum theory as we would like to have. We can do the sums and, in that sense, explain the phenomena, but we do not really understand what is going on. For Bohr, quantum mechanics is indeterminate; for Bohm, quantum mechanics is determinate. For Bohr, Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle is an ontological principle of indeterminacy; for Bohm, Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle is an epistemological principle of ignorance. We shall return to some of these metaphysical and interpretative questions in the ﬁnal chapter. Meanwhile, a further speculative question awaits us. Are there preferred states? In the 19th century, mathematicians such as Sir William Rowan Hamilton developed very general understandings of the nature of Newtonian dynamical systems. A feature of the results of these researches was to establish that there are a great many equivalent ways in which the discussion might be formulated. It is often convenient for purposes of physical thinking to give a preferred role to picturing processes explicitly as occurring in space, but this is by no means a fundamental necessity. When Dirac developed the general principles of quantum theory, this democratic equality between different points of view was maintained in the new dynamics that resulted. All observables, and their corresponding eigenstates, had equal status as far as fundamental theory was concerned. The physicists express this conviction by saying that there is no ‘preferred basis’ (a special set of states, corresponding to a special set of observables, that are of unique signiﬁcance). Wrestling with the measurement problem has raised in the minds of some the question whether this nopreference principle should 56 57 Darkening perplexities be maintained. Among the variety of proposals on the table, there is the feature that most of them seem to assign a special role to certain states, either as the end states of collapse or as the states which afford the perspectival illusion of collapse: in a (neo)Copenhagen discussion centring on measuring apparatus, spatial position appears to play a special role as one speaks of pointers on scales or marks on photographic plates; similarly in the manyworlds interpretation, it is these same states that are the basis of division between the parallel worlds; in the consciousness interpretation, it is presumably the brain states that correspond to these perceptions that are the preferred basis of the matter/mind interface; the GRW proposal postulates collapse onto states of spatial position; Bohm’s theory assigns a special role to the particle positions, minute details of which are the effective hidden variables of the theory. We should also note that decoherence is a phenomenon that occurs in space. If these are in fact indications of the need to revise previous democratic thinking, quantum mechanics would prove to have yet further revisionary inﬂuence to bring to bear on physics. Chapter 4 Further developments The hectic period of fundamental quantum discovery in the mid1920s was followed by a long developmental period in which the implications of the new theory were explored and exploited. We must now take note of some of the insights provided by these further developments. Tunnelling Uncertainty relations of the Heisenberg type do not only apply to positions and momenta. They also apply to time and energy. Although energy is, broadly speaking, a conserved quantity in quantum theory – just as it is in classical theory – this is only so up to the point of the relevant uncertainty. In other words, there is the possibility in quantum mechanics of ‘borrowing’ some extra energy, provided it is paid back with appropriate promptness. This somewhat picturesque form of argument (which can be made more precise, and more convincing, by detailed calculations) enables some things to happen quantum mechanically that would be energetically forbidden in classical physics. The earliest example of a process of this kind to be recognized related to the possibility of tunnelling through a potential barrier. The prototypical situation is sketched in ﬁgure 7, where the square ‘hill’ represents a region, entry into which requires the 58 7. Tunnelling Quantum mechanically, the situation is different because of the peculiar possibility of borrowing energy against time. This can enable a particle whose kinetic energy is classically insufﬁcient to surmount the hill nevertheless sometimes to get across the barrier provided it reaches the other side quickly enough to pay back energy within the necessary time limit. It is as if the particle had tunnelled through the hill. Replacing such picturesque storytelling by precise calculations leads to the conclusion that a particle whose kinetic energy is not too far below the height of the barrier will have a certain probability of getting across and a certain probability of bouncing back. There are radioactive nuclei that behave as if they contain certain constituents, called α-particles, that are trapped within the nucleus by a potential barrier generated by the nuclear forces. These 59 Further developments payment of an energy tariff (called potential energy) equal to the height of the hill. A moving particle will carry with it the energy of its motion, which the physicists call kinetic energy. In classical physics the situation is clearcut. A particle whose kinetic energy is greater than the potential energy tariff will sail across, traversing the barrier at appropriately reduced speed ( just as a car slows down as it surmounts a hill), but then speeding up again on the other side as its full kinetic energy is restored. If the kinetic energy is less than the potential barrier, the particle cannot get across the ‘hill’ and it must simply bounce back. particles, if they could only get through this barrier, would have enough energy to escape altogether on the other side. Nuclei of this type do, in fact, exhibit the phenomenon of α-decay and it was an early triumph of the application of quantum ideas at the nuclear level to use tunnelling calculations to give a quantitative account of the properties of such α-emissions. Quantum theory Statistics In classical physics, identical particles (two of a kind, such as two electrons) are nevertheless distinguishable from each other. If initially we label them 1 and 2, these marks of discrimination will have an abiding signiﬁcance as we track along the separate particle trajectories. If the electrons eventually emerge after a complicated series of interactions, we can still, in principle, say which is 1 and which is 2. In the fuzzily unpicturable quantum world, in contrast, this is no longer the case. Because there are no continuously observable trajectories, all we can say after interaction is that an electron emerged here and an electron emerged there. Any initially chosen labelling cannot be followed through. In quantum theory, identical particles are also indistinguishable particles. Since labels can have no intrinsic signiﬁcance, the particular order in which they appear in the wavefunction (ψ) must be irrelevant. For identical particles, the (1,2) state must be physically the same as the (2,1) state. This does not mean that the wavefunction is strictly unchanged by the interchange, for it turns out that the same physical results would be obtained either from ψ or from −ψ [11]. This little argument leads to a big conclusion. The result concerns what is called ‘statistics’, the behaviour of collections of identical particles. Quantum mechanically there are two possibilities (corresponding to the two possible signs of the behaviour of ψ under interchange): bose statistics, holding in the case that ψ is unchanged under interchange. That is to say, the wavefunction is symmetric under 60 exchange of two particles. Particles that have this property are called bosons. fermi statistics, holding in the case that ψ changes sign under interchange. That is to say, the wavefunction is antisymmetric under exchange of two particles. Particles that have this property are called fermions. Both options give behaviours that are different from the statistics of classically distinguishable particles. It turns out that quantum statistics leads to consequences that are of importance both for a fundamental understanding of the properties of matter and also for the technological construction of novel devices. (It is said that 30% of the United States GDP is derived from quantumbased industries: semiconductors, lasers, etc.) The chemical story goes like this: in an atom there are only certain energy states available for electrons and, of course, the exclusion principle requires that there should be no more than one electron occupying any one of them. The stable lowest energy state of the atom corresponds to ﬁlling up the least energetic states available. These states may be what the physicists call ‘degenerate’, meaning 61 Further developments Electrons are fermions. This implies that two of them can never be found in exactly the same state. This fact follows from arguing that interchange would produce both no change (since the two states are the same) and also a change of sign (because of fermi statistics). The only way out of this dilemma is to conclude that the twoparticle wavefunction is actually zero. (Another way of stating the same argument is to point out that you cannot make an antisymmetric combination of two identical entities.) This result is called the exclusion principle and it provides the basis for understanding the chemical periodic table, with its recurring properties of related elements. In fact, the exclusion principle lies at the basis of the possibility of a chemistry sufﬁciently complex ultimately to sustain the development of life itself. Quantum theory that there are several different states, all of which happen to have the same energy. A set of degenerate states constitutes an energy level. We can mentally picture the lowest energy state of the atom as being made up by adding electrons one by one to successive energy levels, up to the required number of electrons in the atom. Once all the states of a particular energy level are full, a further electron will have to go into the next highest energy level possessed by the atom. If that level in turn gets ﬁlled up, then on to the next level, and so on. In an atom with many electrons, the lowest energy levels (they are also called ‘shells’), will all be full, with any electrons left over partially occupying the next shell. These ‘leftover’ electrons are the ones farthest from the nucleus and because of this they will determine the chemical interactions of the atom with other atoms. As one moves up the scale of atomic complexity (traversing the periodic table), the number of leftover electrons (0, 1, 2, . . . ) varies cyclically, as shell after shell gets ﬁlled, and it is this repeating pattern of outermost electrons that produces the chemical repetitions of the periodic table. In contrast to electrons, photons are bosons. It turns out that the behaviour of bosons is the exact opposite of the behaviour of fermions. No exclusion principle for them! Bosons like to be in the same state. They are similar to Southern Europeans, cheerfully crowding together in the same railway carriage, while fermions are like Northern Europeans, spread singly throughout the whole train. This mateyness of bosons is a phenomenon that in its most extreme form leads to a degree of concentration in a single state that is called bose condensation. It is this property that lies behind the technological device of the laser. The power of laser light is due to its being what is called ‘coherent’, that is to say, the light consists of many photons that are all in precisely the same state, a property that bose statistics strongly encourages. There are also effects associated with superconductivity (the vanishing of electrical resistance at very low temperatures) that depend on bose condensation, leading to macroscopically observable consequences 62 of quantum properties. (The low temperature is required to prevent thermal jostling destroying coherence.) Band structure The form of solid matter that is simplest to think about is a crystal, in which the constituent atoms are ordered in the pattern of a regular array. A macroscopic crystal, signiﬁcant on the scale of everyday experience, will contain so many atoms that it can be treated as effectively inﬁnitely big from the microscopic point of view of quantum theory. Applying quantum mechanical principles to systems of this kind reveals new properties, intermediate between those of individual atoms and those of freely moving particles. We have seen that in an atom, possible electron energies come in a discrete series of distinct levels. On the other hand, a freely moving electron can have any positive energy whatsoever, corresponding to the kinetic energy of its actual motion. The energetic properties of electrons in crystals are a kind of compromise between these two extremes. The possible values of 63 Further developments Electrons and photons are also particles with spin. That is to say, they carry an intrinsic amount of angular momentum (a measure of rotational effects), almost as if they were little spinning tops. In the units that are natural to quantum theory (deﬁned by Planck’s constant), the electron has spin 1/2 and the photon has spin 1. It turns out that this fact exempliﬁes a general rule: particles of integer spin (0, 1, . . . ) are always bosons; particles of halfodd integer spin (1/2, 3/2, . . . ) are always fermions. From the point of view of ordinary quantum theory, this spin and statistics theorem is just an unexplained rule of thumb. However, it was discovered by Wolfgang Pauli (who also formulated the exclusion principle) that when quantum theory and special relativity are combined, the theorem emerges as a necessary consequence of that combination. Putting the two theories together yields richer insight than either provides on its own. The whole proves to be more than the sum of its parts. 8. Band structure Quantum theory energy are found to lie within a series of bands. Within a band, there is a continuous range of possibilities; between bands, no energy levels at all are available to the electrons. In summary, the energetic properties of electrons in a crystal correspond to a series of alternating allowed and forbidden ranges of values. The existence of this band structure provides the basis for understanding the electrical properties of crystalline solids. Electric currents result from inducing the movement of electrons within the solid. If the highest energy band of a crystal is totally full, this change of electron state will require exciting electrons across the gap into the band above. The transition would demand a signiﬁcant energy input per excited electron. Since this is very hard to effect, a crystal with totally ﬁlled bands will behave as an insulator. It will be very difﬁcult to induce motion in its electrons. If, however, a crystal has its highest band only partially ﬁlled, excitation will be easy, for it will only require a small energy input to move an electron into an available state of slightly higher energy. Such a crystal will behave as an electrical conductor. Delayed choice experiments Additional insight into the strange implications of the superposition principle was provided by John Archibald Wheeler’s discussion of what he called ‘delayed choice experiments’. A possible arrangement is shown in ﬁgure 9. A narrow beam of light is 64 9. A delayed choice experiment Quantum theory split at A into two subbeams which are reﬂected by the mirrors at B and C to bring them together again at D, where an interference pattern can form due to the phase difference between the two paths (the waves have got out of step). One may consider an initial beam so weak that at any one time only a single photon is traversing the apparatus. The interference effects at D are then to be understood as due to selfinterference between the two superposed states: (lefthand path) and (righthand path). (Compare with the discussion of the double slit experiment in Chapter 2.) The new feature that Wheeler discussed arises if the apparatus is modiﬁed by inserting a device X between C and D. X is a switch that either lets a photon through or diverts it into a detector Y. If the switch is set for transmission, the experiment is the same as before, with an interference pattern at D. If the switch is set for deﬂection and the detector Y registers a photon, then there can be no interference pattern at D because that photon must deﬁnitely have taken the righthand path for it to be deﬂected by Y. Wheeler pointed out the strange fact that the setting of X could be chosen while the photon is in ﬂight after A. Until the switch setting is selected, the photon is, in some sense, backing two options: that of following both leftand righthand paths and also that of following only one of them. Clever experiments have actually been conducted along these lines. Sums over histories Richard Feynman discovered an idiosyncratic way of reformulating quantum theory. This reformulation yields the same predictions as the conventional approach but offers a very different pictorial way of thinking about how these results arise. Classical physics presents us with clear trajectories, unique paths of motion connecting the starting point A to the end point B. Conventionally these are calculated by solving the celebrated equations of Newtonian mechanics. In the 18th century, it was discovered that the actual path followed could be prescribed in a different, but equivalent, way by describing it as that trajectory 66 joining A to B that gave the minimum value for a particular dynamical quantity associated with different paths. This quantity is called ‘action’ and its precise deﬁnition need not concern us here. The principle of least action (as it naturally came to be known) is akin to the property of light rays, that they take the path of minimal time between two points. (If there is no refraction, that path is a straight line, but in a refracting medium the least time principle leads to the familiar bending of the rays, as when a stick in a glass of water appears bent.) The details of how the terms in this immense sum are to be formed are too technical to be gone into here. It turns out that the contribution from a given path is related to the action associated with that path, divided by Planck’s constant. (The physical dimensions of action and of h are the same, so their ratio is a pure number, independent of the units in which we choose to measure physical quantities.) The actual form taken by these contributions from different paths is such that neighbouring paths tend to cancel each other out, due to rapid ﬂuctuations in the signs (more accurately, phases) of their contributions. If the system being considered is one whose action is large with respect to h, only the path of minimal action will contribute much (since it turns out that it is near that path that the ﬂuctuations are the least and so the effect of cancellations is minimized). This observation provides a simple way of understanding why large systems behave classically, following paths of least action. Formulating these ideas in a precise and calculable way is not at all 67 Further developments Because of the cloudy unpicturability of quantum processes, quantum particles do not have deﬁnite trajectories. Feynman suggested that, instead, one should picture a quantum particle as moving from A to B along all possible paths, direct or wriggly, fast or slow. From this point of view, the wavefunction of conventional thinking arose from adding together contributions from all these possibilities, giving rise to the description of ‘sums over histories’. Quantum theory easy. One may readily imagine that the range of variation represented by the multiplicity of possible paths is not a simple aggregate over which to sum. Nevertheless, the sums over histories approach has had two important consequences. One is that it led Feynman on to discover a much more manageable calculational technique, now universally called ‘Feynman integrals’, which is the most useful approach to quantum calculations made available to physicists in the last 50 years. It yields a physical picture in which interactions are due to the exchange of energy and momentum carried across by what are called virtual particles. The adjective ‘virtual’ is used because these intermediate ‘particles’, which cannot appear in the initial or ﬁnal states of the process, are not constrained to have physical masses, but rather one sums over all possible mass values. The other advantage of the sums over histories approach is that there are some rather subtle and tricky quantum systems for which it offers a clearer way of formulating the problem than that given by the more conventional approach. More about decoherence The environmental effects of ubiquitous radiation that produce decoherence have a signiﬁcance that goes beyond their partial relevance to the measurement problem. One important recent development has been the realization that they also bear on how one should think about the quantum mechanics of socalled chaotic systems. The intrinsic unpredictabilities that are present in nature do not arise solely from quantum processes. It was a great surprise to most physicists when, some 40 years ago, the realization dawned that even in Newtonian physics there are many systems whose extreme sensitivity to the effects of very small disturbances makes their future behaviour beyond our power to predict accurately. These chaotic systems (as they are called) soon come to be sensitive to 68 detail at the level of Heisenberg uncertainty or below. Yet their treatment from a quantum point of view – a subject called quantum chaology – proves to be problematic. The reason for perplexity is as follows: chaotic systems have a behaviour whose geometrical character corresponds to the celebrated fractals (of which the Mandelbrot set, the subject of a hundred psychedelic posters, is the bestknown example). Fractals are what is called ‘selfsimilar’, that is to say, they look essentially the same on whatever scale they are examined (sawteeth made out of sawteeth, . . . , all the way down). Fractals, therefore, have no natural scale. Quantum systems, on the other hand, do have a natural scale, set by Planck’s constant. Therefore chaos theory and quantum theory do not ﬁt smoothly onto each other. Another effect of a rather similar kind due to decoherence is the 69 Further developments The resulting mismatch leads to what is called ‘the quantum suppression of chaos’: chaotic systems have their behaviour modiﬁed when it comes to depend on detail at the quantum level. This in turn leads to another problem for the physicists, arising in its most acute form from considering the 16th moon of Saturn, called Hyperion. This potatoshaped lump of rock, about the size of New York, is tumbling about in a chaotic fashion. If we apply notions of quantum suppression to Hyperion, the result is expected to be astonishingly effective, despite the moon’s considerable size. In fact, on the basis of this calculation, chaotic motion could only last at most for about 37 years. In actual fact, astronomers have been observing Hyperion for rather less time than that, but no one expects that its weird tumbling is going to come to an end quite soon. At ﬁrst sight, we are faced with a serious problem. However, taking decoherence into account solves it for us. Decoherence’s tendency to move things in a more classicalseeming direction has the effect, in its turn, of suppressing the quantum suppression of chaos. We can conﬁdently expect Hyperion to continue tumbling for a very long time yet. quantum Zeno effect. A radioactive nucleus due to decay will be forced back to its initial state by the ‘miniobservations’ that result from its interaction with environmental photons. This continual return to square one has the effect of inhibiting the decay, a phenomenon that has been observed experimentally. This effect is named after the ancient Greek philosopher Zeno, whose meditation on observing an arrow to be now at a particular ﬁxed point persuaded him that the arrow could not really be moving. These phenomena make it clear that the relationship between quantum theory and its classical limit is subtle, involving the interlacing of effects that cannot be characterized just by a simplistic division into ‘large’ and ‘small’. Quantum theory Relativistic quantum theory Our discussion of the spin and statistics theorem has already shown that putting quantum theory and special relativity together produces a uniﬁed theory of enriched content. The ﬁrst successful equation that succeeded in consistently formulating the combination of the two was the relativistic equation of the electron, discovered by Paul Dirac in 1928 [12]. Its mathematical detail is too technical to be presented in a book of this kind, but we must note two important and unanticipated consequences that ﬂowed from this development. Dirac produced his equation simply with the needs of quantum theory and of relativistic invariance in mind. It must have been a gratifying surprise, therefore, when he found that the equation’s predictions of the electromagnetic properties of the electron were such that it turned out that the electron’s magnetic interactions were twice as strong as one would have naively expected them to be on the basis of thinking of the electron as being a miniature, electrically charged, spinning top. It was already known empirically that this was the case, but no one had been able to understand why this apparently anomalous behaviour should be so. 70 It sounds rather an odd picture and later, in fact, it proved possible to formulate the theory in a way that preserved the desirable results in a manner less picturesque but also less weird. In the meantime, working with the concept of the negativeenergy sea led Dirac to a discovery of prime importance. If enough energy were to be provided, say by a very energetic photon, it would be possible to eject a negativeenergy electron from the sea, turning it into a positiveenergy electron of the ordinary kind. What then was one to make of the ‘hole’ that this process had left behind in the negative sea? The absence of negative energy is the same as the presence of positive energy (two minuses make a plus), so the hole would behave like a positiveenergy particle. But the absence of negative charge is the same as the presence of positive charge, so this ‘holeparticle’ would be positively charged, in contrast to the negatively charged electron. 71 Further developments The second, even more signiﬁcant, consequence resulted from Dirac’s brilliantly turning threatened defeat into triumphant victory. As it stood, the equation had a gross defect. It allowed positive energy states of the kind one needed to correspond to the behaviour of actual electrons, but it allowed negative energy states as well. The latter just did not make physical sense. Yet they could not simply be discarded, for the principles of quantum mechanics would inevitably allow the disastrous consequence of transitions to them from the physically acceptable positive energy states. (This would be a physical disaster because transitions to such states could produce unlimited quantities of counterbalancing positive energy, resulting in a kind of runaway perpetual motion machine.) For quite a while this was a highly embarrassing puzzle. Then Dirac realized that the fermi statistics of electrons might permit a way out of the dilemma. With great boldness, he supposed that all the negative energy states were already occupied. The exclusion principle would then block the possibility of any transitions to them from the positive energy states. What people had thought of as empty space (the vacuum) was in fact ﬁlled with this ‘sea’ of negativeenergy electrons! Quantum theory In the 1930s, the thinking of elementary particle physicists was pretty conservative compared to the speculative freedom that was to come later. They did not at all like the idea of suggesting the existence of some new, hitherto unknown type of particle. Initially, therefore, it was supposed that this positive particle that Dirac had come to talk about might simply be the wellknown, positively charged proton. However, it was soon realized that the hole had to have the same mass as the electron, while the proton is very much more massive. Thus the only acceptable interpretation on offer led to the somewhat reluctant prediction of a totally new particle, quickly christened the positron, of electronic mass but positive charge. Soon its existence was experimentally conﬁrmed as positrons were detected in cosmic rays. (In fact, examples had been seen much earlier, but they had not been recognized as such. Experimenters ﬁnd it hard to see what they are not actually looking for.) It came to be realized that this electronpositron twinning was a particular example of behaviour widespread in nature. There is both matter (such as electrons) and oppositely charged antimatter (such as positrons). The preﬁx ‘anti’ is appropriate because an electron and a positron can annihilate each other, disappearing in a burst of energy. (In the oldfashioned manner of speaking, the electron ﬁlls up the hole in the sea and the energy released is then radiated away. Conversely, as we have seen, a highly energetic photon can drive an electron out of the sea, leaving a hole behind and thereby creating an electronpositron pair.) The fruitful history of the Dirac equation, leading both to an explanation of magnetic properties and to the discovery of antimatter, topics that played no part at all in the original motivation for the equation, is an outstanding example of the longterm value that can be displayed by a really fundamental scientiﬁc idea. It is this remarkable fertility that persuades physicists that they are really ‘on to something’ and that, contrary to the suggestions of some philosophers and sociologists of science, they 72 are not just tacitly agreeing to look at things in a particular way. Rather, they are making discoveries about what the physical world is actually like. Quantum ﬁeld theory Quantum ﬁeld theories prove to be of considerable interest and afford us a most illuminating way of thinking about wave/particle duality. A ﬁeld is an entity spread out in space and time. It is, therefore, an entity that has an intrinsically wavelike character. Applying quantum theory to the ﬁeld results in its physical quantities (such as energy and momentum) becoming present in discrete, countable packets (quanta). But such countability is just what we associate with particlelike behaviour. In studying a quantum ﬁeld, therefore, we are investigating and understanding an entity that explicitly exhibits both wavelike and particlelike properties in as clear a manner as possible. It is a bit like puzzling over how a mammal could come to lay an egg and then being shown a duckbilled platypus. An actual example is always maximally instructive. It turns out that in quantum ﬁeld theory the states that show wavelike properties (technically, have deﬁnite phases) are those that contain an indeﬁnite number of particles. This latter property is a natural possibility because of quantum theory’s superposition principle that allows the combination of states with different numbers of particles in them. It would be an impossible 73 Further developments Another fundamental discovery was made by Dirac when he applied the principles of quantum mechanics not to particles but to the electromagnetic ﬁeld. This development yielded the ﬁrstknown example of a quantum ﬁeld theory. With hindsight, to make this step is not too difﬁcult technically. The principal difference between a particle and a ﬁeld is that the former has only a ﬁnite number of degrees of freedom (independent ways in which its state can change), while a ﬁeld has an inﬁnite number of degrees of freedom. There are wellknown mathematical techniques for handling this difference. Quantum theory option in classical theory, where one could just look and see in order to count the number of particles actually present. The vacuum in quantum ﬁeld theory has unusual properties that are particularly important. The vacuum is, of course, the lowest energy state, in which there will be no excitations present that correspond to particles. Yet, though in this sense there is nothing there, in quantum ﬁeld theory it does not mean that there is nothing going on. The reason is as follows: a standard mathematical technique, called Fourier analysis, allows us to regard a ﬁeld as equivalent to an inﬁnite collection of harmonic oscillators. Each oscillator has a particular frequency associated with it and the oscillator behaves dynamically just as if it were a pendulum of that given frequency. The ﬁeld vacuum is the state in which all these ‘pendula’ are in their lowest energy states. For a classical pendulum, that is when the bob is at rest and at the bottom. This is truly a situation in which nothing is happening. However, quantum mechanics does not permit so perfect a degree of tranquillity. Heisenberg will not allow the ‘bob’ to have both a deﬁnite position (at the bottom) and a deﬁnite momentum (at rest). Instead the quantum pendulum must be slightly in motion even in its lowest energy state (near the bottom and nearly at rest, but not quite). The resultant quantum quivering is called zeropoint motion. Applying these ideas many times over to the inﬁnite array of oscillators that is a quantum ﬁeld implies that its vacuum is a humming hive of activity. Fluctuations continually take place, in the course of which transient ‘particles’ appear and disappear. A quantum vacuum is more like a plenum than like empty space. When the physicists came to apply quantum ﬁeld theory to situations involving interactions between ﬁelds, they ran into difﬁculties. The inﬁnite number of degrees of freedom tended to produce inﬁnite answers for what should have been ﬁnite physical quantities. One important way in which this happened was through interaction with the restlessly ﬂuctuating vacuum. Eventually a way was found for producing sense out of nonsense. Certain kinds of 74 ﬁeld theories (called renormalizable theories) produce only limited kinds of inﬁnities, simply associated with the masses of particles and with the strengths of their interactions. Just striking out these inﬁnite terms and replacing them with the ﬁnite measured values of the relevant physical quantities is a procedure that deﬁnes meaningful results, even if the procedure is not exactly mathematically pure. It also turns out to provide ﬁnite expressions that are in stunning agreement with experiment. Most physicists are happy with this pragmatic success. Dirac himself was never so. He strongly disapproved of dubious legerdemain with formally inﬁnite quantities. Quantum computing Recently there has been considerable interest in the possibility of exploiting the superposition principle as a means for gaining greatly enhanced computing power. Conventional computing is based on the combination of binary operations, expressed formally in logical combinations of 0s and 1s, and realizable in hardware terms by switches that are either on or off. In a classical device, of course, the latter are mutually exclusive possibilities. A switch is either deﬁnitely on or deﬁnitely off. In the quantum world, however, the switch could be in a state that is a superposition of these two classical possibilities. A sequence of such superpositions would correspond to a wholly novel kind of parallel processing. The ability to keep so many computational balls in the air simultaneously could, in principle, represent an increase in computing power which the addition of extra elements would multiply up exponentially, compared with the linear increase in 75 Further developments Today, all theories of elementary particles (such as the quark theory of matter) are quantum ﬁeld theories. Particles are thought of as energetic excitations of the underlying ﬁeld. (An appropriate ﬁeld theory also turns out to provide the right way to deal with the difﬁculties of the ‘sea’ of negativeenergy electrons.) Quantum theory conventional circumstances. Many computational tasks, such as decodings or the factorization of very large numbers, would become feasible that are infeasible with present machines. These are exciting possibilities. (Their proponents display a liking for talking about them in manyworlds terms, as if processing would take place in parallel universes, but it seems that really it is just the superposition principle itself that is the basis for the feasibility of quantum computing.) Actual implementation, however, will be a distinctly tricky business, with many problems yet to be solved. Many of these centre on the stable preservation of the superposed states. The phenomenon of decoherence shows how problematic it could be to insulate a quantum computer from deleterious environmental interference. Quantum computing is being given serious technological and entrepreneurial consideration, but as an effective procedure it currently remains a gleam in the eye of its proponents. 76 Chapter 5 Togetherness Einstein, through his explanation of the photoelectric effect, had been one of the grandfathers of quantum theory. However, he came to detest his grandchild. Like the vast majority of physicists, Einstein was deeply convinced of the reality of the physical world and trusted in the truthful reliability of science’s account of its nature. But he came to believe that this reality could only be guaranteed by the kind of naive objectivity that Newtonian thinking had assumed. In consequence, Einstein abhorred the cloudy ﬁtfulness that Copenhagen orthodoxy assigned to the nature of the quantum world. His ﬁrst onslaught on modern quantum theory took the form of a series of highly ingenious thought experiments, each of which purported in some way to circumvent the limitations of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle. Einstein’s opponent in this contest was Niels Bohr, who each time succeeded in showing that a thoroughgoing application of quantum ideas to all aspects of the proposed experiment actually resulted in the uncertainty principle surviving unscathed. Eventually Einstein conceded defeat in this particular battle. After licking his wounds for a while, Einstein returned to the fray, staking out a new ground for contention. With two younger collaborators, Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen, he showed that 77 Quantum theory there were some very peculiar, hitherto unnoticed, longrange implications for the quantum mechanical behaviour of two apparently wellseparated particles. The issues are most easily explained in terms of a later development of what, bearing in mind its discoverers’ names, we may call EPR thinking. The argument was due to David Bohm and, although it is a little involved, it is well worth wrestling with. Suppose two particles have spins s1 and s2 and it is known that the total spin is zero. This implies, of course, that s2 is −s1. Spin is a vector (that is, it has magnitude and direction – think of it as an arrow) and we have followed mathematical convention in using boldface type for vectorial quantities. A spin vector will, therefore, have three components measured along three chosen spatial directions, x, y, and z. If one were to measure the x component of s1 and get the answer s′1x, then the x component of s2 must be −s′1x. If, on the other hand, one had measured the y component of s1, getting the answer s′1y, one would know that the y component of s2 would have to be −s′1y. But quantum mechanics does not permit one to measure both the x and y components of spin simultaneously, because there is an uncertainty relation between them. Einstein argued that, while this might be the case according to orthodox quantum thinking, whatever happened to particle 1 could have no immediate effect upon the distant particle 2. In EPR thinking, the spatial separation of 1 and 2 implies the independence of what happens at 1 and what happens at 2. If that is so, and if one can choose to measure either the x or the y components of spin at 1 and get certain knowledge of the x or y components respectively of spin at 2, then Einstein claimed that particle 2 must actually have these deﬁnite values for its spin components, whether the measurements were actually made or not. This was something that conventional quantum theory denied, because, of course, the uncertainty relation between x and y spin components applied as much to particle 2 as to particle 1. Einstein’s conclusion from this mildly complicated argument was 78 The next step was taken by John Bell. He analysed what properties the 1–2 system would have if it were a genuinely separated system (as Einstein had supposed), with properties at 1 depending only on what happened locally at 1 and properties at 2 depending only on what happened locally at 2. Bell showed that if this strict locality were the case, there would be certain relations between measurable quantities (they are now called the Bell inequalities) that quantum mechanics predicted would be violated in certain circumstances. This was a very signiﬁcant step forward, moving the argument on from the realm of thought experiments into the empirically accessible realm of what could actually be investigated in the laboratory. The experiments were not easy to do but eventually, in the early 1980s, Alain Aspect and his collaborators were able to 79 Togetherness that there must be something incomplete in conventional quantum theory. It failed to account for what he believed must be deﬁnite values of spin components. Almost all his fellow physicists interpret things differently. In their view, neither s1 nor s2 have deﬁnite spin components until a measurement is actually made. Then, determining the x component of 1 forces the x component of 2 to take the opposite value. That is to say, the measurement at 1 also forces a collapse of the wavefunction at 2 onto the opposite value of the x spin component. If it had been the y component that had been measured at 1, then the collapse at 2 would have been onto the opposite y spin component. These two 2states (known x component; known y component) are absolutely distinct from each other. Thus the majority view leads to the conclusion that measurement on 1 produces instantaneous change at 2, a change that depends precisely on exactly what is measured at 1. In other words, there is some counterintuitive togethernessinseparation between 1 and 2; action at 1 produces immediate consequences for 2 and the consequences are different for different actions at 1. This is usually called the EPR effect. The terminology is somewhat ironic since Einstein himself refused to believe in such a longrange connection, regarding it as an inﬂuence that was too ‘spooky’ to be acceptable to a physicist. There the matter rested for a while. Quantum theory carry out a skilfully instrumented investigation that vindicated the predictions of quantum theory and negated the possibility of a purely local theory of the kind that Einstein had espoused. It had become clear that there is an irreducible degree of nonlocality present in the physical world. Quantum entities that have interacted with each other remain mutually entangled, however far they may eventually separate spatially. It seems that nature ﬁghts back against a relentless reductionism. Even the subatomic world cannot be treated purely atomistically. The EPR effect’s implication of deepseated relationality present in the fundamental structure of the physical world is a discovery that physical thinking and metaphysical reﬂection have still to come to terms with in fully elucidating all its consequences. As part of that continuing process of assimilation, it is necessary to be as clear as possible about what is the character of the entanglement that EPR implies. One must acknowledge that a true case of action at a distance is involved, and not merely some gain in additional knowledge. Putting it in learned language, the EPR effect is ontological and not simply epistemological. Increase in knowledge at a distance is in no way problematic or surprising. Suppose an urn contains two balls, one white, the other black. You and I both put in our hands and remove one of the balls in our closed ﬁsts. You then go a mile down the road, open your ﬁst and ﬁnd that you have the white ball. Immediately you know I must have the black one. The only thing that has changed in this episode is your state of knowledge. I always had the black ball, you always had the white ball, but now you have become aware that this is so. In the EPR effect, by contrast, what happens at 1 changes what is the case at 2. It is as if, were you to ﬁnd that you had a red ball in your hand, I would have to have a blue ball in mine, but if you found a green ball, I would have to have a yellow ball and, previous to your looking, neither of us had balls of determinate colours. An alert reader may query all this talk about instantaneous change. Does not special relativity prohibit something at 1 having any effect 80 at 2 until there has been time for the transmission of an inﬂuence moving with at most the velocity of light? Not quite. What relativity actually prohibits is the instantaneous transmission of information, of a kind that would permit the immediate synchronization of a clock at 2 with a clock at 1. It turns out that the EPR kind of entanglement does not permit the conveyance of messages of that kind. The reason is that its togethernessinseparation takes the form of correlations between what is happening at 1 and what is happening at 2 and no message can be read out of these correlations without knowledge of what is happening at both ends. It is as if a singer at 1 was singing a random series of notes and a singer at 2 was also singing a random series of notes and only if one were able to hear them both together would one realize that the two singers were in some kind of harmony with each other. Realizing this is so warns us against embracing the kind of ‘quantum hype’ argument that incorrectly asserts that EPR ‘proves’ that telepathy is possible. Togetherness 81 Chapter 6 Lessons and meanings The picture of physical process presented to us by quantum theory is radically different from what everyday experience would lead us to expect. Its peculiarity is such as to raise with some force the question of whether this is indeed what subatomic nature is ‘really like’ or whether quantum mechanics is no more than a convenient, if strange, manner of speaking that enables us to do the sums. We may get answers that agree startlingly well with the results obtained by the laboratory use of classical measuring apparatus, but perhaps we should not actually believe the theory. The issue raised is essentially a philosophical one, going beyond what can be settled simply by the use of science’s own unaided resources. In fact, this quantum questioning is just a particular example – if an unusually challenging one – of the fundamental philosophical debate between the realists and the positivists. Positivism and realism Positivists see the role of science as being the reconciliation of observational data. If one can make predictions that accurately and harmoniously account for the behaviour of the measuring apparatus, the task is done. Ontological questions (What is really there?) are an irrelevant luxury and best discarded. The world of the positivist is populated by counter readings and marks on photographic plates. 82 Nevertheless, Niels Bohr often seemed to speak of quantum theory in a positivistic kind of way. He once wrote to a friend that There is no quantum world. There is only abstract quantum physical description. It is wrong to think that the task of physics is to ﬁnd out how nature is. Physics is concerned with what we can say about nature. Bohr’s preoccupation with the role of classical measuring apparatus could be seen as having encouraged such a positivisticsounding point of view. We have seen that in his later years he became very concerned with philosophical issues, writing extensively about them. The resulting corpus is hard to interpret. Bohr’s gift in philosophical matters fell far short of his outstanding talent as a physicist. Moreover, he believed – and exempliﬁed – that there are two kinds of truth: a trivial kind, which could be articulated clearly, and a profound kind which could only be spoken about cloudily. Certainly the body of his writings has been very variously interpreted by the commentators. Some have felt 83 Lessons and meanings This point of view has a long history. Cardinal Bellarmine urged upon Galileo that he should regard the Copernican system as simply a convenient means for ‘saving the appearances’, a good way of doing calculations to determine where planets would appear in the sky. Galileo should not think that the Earth actually went round the Sun – rather Copernicus should be considered as having used the supposition simply as a handy calculational device. This facesaving offer did not appeal to Galileo, nor have similar suggestions been favourably received by scientists generally. If science is just about correlating data, and is not telling us what the physical world is actually like, it is difﬁcult to see that the enterprise is worth all the time and trouble and talent expended upon it. Its achievements would seem too meagre to justify such a degree of involvement. Moreover, the most natural explanation of a theory’s ability to save appearances would surely be that it bore some correspondence to the way things are. Quantum theory that there was, in fact, a kind of qualiﬁed realism to which Bohr was an adherent. Realists see the role of science to be to discover what the physical world is actually like. This is a task that will never be completely fulﬁlled. New physical regimes (encountered at yet higher energies, for example) will always be awaiting investigation, and they may well prove to have very unexpected features in their behaviour. An honest assessment of the achievement of physics can at most claim verisimilitude (an accurate account of a wide but circumscribed range of phenomena) and not absolute truth (a total account of physical reality). Physicists are the mapmakers of the physical world, ﬁnding theories that are adequate on a chosen scale but not capable of describing every aspect of what is going on. A philosophical view of this kind sees the attainment of physical science as being the tightening grasp of an actual reality. The world of the realist is populated by electrons and photons, quarks and gluons. A kind of halfway house between positivism and realism is offered by pragmatism, the philosophical position that acknowledges the technological fact that physics enables us to get things done, but which does not go as far as a realist position in thinking that we know what the world is actually like. A pragmatist might say that we should take science seriously but we should not go so far as to believe it. Yet, far and away the most obvious explanation of the technological success of science is surely that it is based on a verisimilitudinous understanding of the way that matter actually behaves. A number of defences of scientiﬁc realism can be mounted. One, already noted, is that it provides a natural understanding of the predictive successes of physics and its longterm fruitfulness, and of the reliable working of the many technological devices constructed in the light of its picture of the physical world. Realism also explains why scientiﬁc endeavour is seen to be worthwhile, attracting the 84 lifelong devotion of many people of high talent, for it is an activity that yields actual knowledge of the way things are. Realism corresponds to the conviction of scientists that they experience the making of discoveries and that they are not just learning better ways to do the sums, or just tacitly agreeing among themselves to see things this way. This conviction of discovery arises powerfully from frequent experience of the recalcitrance displayed by nature in the face of the scientist’s prior expectation. The physicist may approach phenomena with certain ideas in mind, only to ﬁnd that they are negated by the actual way that the physical world is found to behave. Nature forces reconsideration upon us and this often drives the eventual discovery of the totally unexpected character of what is going on. The rise of quantum theory is, of course, an outstanding example of the revisionism imposed by physical reality upon the thinking of the scientist. Quantum reality is cloudy and ﬁtful in its character. The French philosopherphysicist Bernard d’Espagnat has spoken of its nature as being ‘veiled’. The most truly philosophically reﬂective of the founding ﬁgures of quantum theory was Werner Heisenberg. He felt that it would be valuable to borrow from Aristotle the concept of potentia. Heisenberg once wrote that In experiments about atomic events we have to do with things that are facts, with phenomena that are just as real as any phenomena in daily life. But the atoms or elementary particles are not as real; they form a world of potentialities or possibilities rather than of things or facts. 85 Lessons and meanings If quantum theory is indeed telling us what the subatomic world is really like, then its reality is something very different from the naive objectivity with which we can approach the world of everyday objects. This is the point that Einstein found so hard to accept. He passionately believed in the reality of the physical world but he rejected conventional quantum theory because he wrongly supposed that only the objective could be the real. Quantum theory An electron does not all the time possess a deﬁnite position or a deﬁnite momentum, but rather it possesses the potentiality for exhibiting one or other of these if a measurement turns the potentiality into an actuality. I would disagree with Heisenberg in thinking that this fact makes an electron ‘not as real’ as a table or a chair. The electron simply enjoys a different kind of reality, appropriate to its nature. If we are to know things as they are, we must be prepared to know them as they actually are, on their own terms, so to speak. Why is it that almost all physicists want to insist on the reality, appropriately understood, of electrons? I believe it is because the assumption that there are electrons, with all the subtle quantum properties that go with them, makes intelligible great swathes of physical experience that otherwise would be opaque to us. It explains the conduction properties of metals, the chemical properties of atoms, our ability to build electron microscopes, and much else besides. It is intelligibility (rather than objectivity) that is the clue to reality – a conviction, incidentally, that is consonant with a metaphysical tradition stemming from the thought of Thomas Aquinas. The veiled reality that is the essence of the nature of electrons is represented in our thinking by the wavefunctions associated with them. When a physicist thinks about what an electron is ‘doing’, it is the appropriate wavefunction that is in mind. Obviously the wavefunction is not as accessible an entity as the objective presence of a billiard ball, but neither does it function in quantum thinking in a way that makes one comfortable with the positivistic notion that it is simply a calculational device. The rather wraithlike wavefunction seems an appropriate vehicle to be the carrier of the veiled potentiality of quantum reality. 86 Reasonableness If the study of quantum physics teaches one anything, it is that the world is full of surprises. No one would have supposed beforehand that there could be entities that sometimes behaved as if they were waves and sometimes behaved as if they were particles. This realization was forced upon the physics community by the intransigent necessity of actual empirical experience. As Bohr once said, the world is not only stranger than we thought; it is stranger than we could think. We noted earlier that even logic has to be modiﬁed when it is applied to the quantum world. If quantum theory encourages us to keep ﬂuid our conception of what is reasonable, it also encourages us to recognize that there is no universal epistemology, no single sovereign way in which we may hope to gain all knowledge. Although we can know the everyday world in its Newtonian clarity, we can only know the quantum world if we are prepared to accept it in its Heisenbergian uncertainty. Insisting on a naively objective account of electrons can only lead to failure. There is a kind of epistemological circle: how we know an entity must conform to the nature of that entity; the nature of the entity is revealed through what we know about it. There can be no escape from this delicate circularity. The example of quantum 87 Lessons and meanings A slogan for the quantum physicist might well be ‘No undue tyranny of commonsense’. This stirring motto conveys a message of wider relevance than to the quantum realm alone. It reminds us that our powers of rational prevision are pretty myopic. The instinctive question that a scientist ought to ask about a proposed account of some aspect of reality, whether within science or beyond it, is not ‘Is it reasonable?’, as if we felt we knew beforehand what form reason was bound to take. Rather, the proper question is ‘What makes you think this might be the case?’ The latter is a much more open question, not foreclosing the possibility of radical surprise but insisting that there should be evidential backing for what is being asserted. theory encourages the belief that the circle can be benign and not vicious. Metaphysical criteria Quantum theory Successful physical theories must eventually be able to exhibit their ability to ﬁt the experimental facts. The ultimate saving of appearances is a necessary achievement, though there may be some interim periods of difﬁculty on the way to that end (as when Dirac initially faced the apparently empirically disastrous prediction of negative energy states of the electron). Particularly persuasive will be the property of sustained fruitfulness, as a theory proves able to predict or give understanding of new or unexpected phenomena (Dirac’s explanation of the magnetic properties of electrons and his prediction of the positron). Yet these empirical successes are not by themselves always sufﬁcient criteria for the endorsement of a theory by the scientiﬁc community. The choice between an indeterministic interpretation of quantum theory and a deterministic interpretation cannot be made on these grounds. Bohm saves appearances as well as Bohr does. The issue between them has to be settled for other reasons. The decision turns out to depend upon metaphysical judgement and not simply on physical measurements. Metaphysical criteria that the scientiﬁc community take very seriously in assessing the weight to put on a theory include: (1) Scope The theory must make intelligible the widest possible range of phenomena. In the case of Bohr and Bohm, this criterion does not lead to a settlement of the issue between them, because of the empirical equivalence of the two sets of results (though one should note that Bohmian thinking needs to complete its account by better arguments to substantiate its belief that the initial probabilities are correctly given by a wavefunction calculation). 88 (2) Economy The more concise and parsimonious a theory is, the more attractive it will seem. Bohm’s theory scores less well here because of its assumption of the hidden wave in addition to the observable particles. This multiplication of entities is certainly seen by many physicists to be an unattractive feature of the theory. (3) Elegance This is a notion, to which one can add the property of naturalness, that results from the lack of undue contrivance. It is on these grounds that most physicists ﬁnd the greatest difﬁculty with Bohmian ideas. In particular, the ad hoc but necessary appropriation of the Schrödinger equation as the equation for the Bohmian wave has an unattractively opportunist air to it. 89 Lessons and meanings These criteria do not only lie outside physics itself, but they are also such that their assessment is a matter of personal judgement. That they are satisﬁed is not a matter that can be reduced to following a formalized protocol. It is not a judgement whose evaluation could be delegated to a computer. The majority verdict of the quantum physics community in favour of Bohr and against Bohm is a paradigm example of what the philosopher of science, Michael Polanyi, would have referred to as the role in science of ‘personal knowledge’. Polanyi, who had himself been a distinguished physical chemist before he turned to philosophy, emphasized that, though the subject matter of science is the impersonal physical world, the activity of doing science is ineluctably an activity of persons. This is because it involves many acts of judgement that require the exercise of tacit skills that can only be acquired by persons who have served a long apprenticeship within the truthseeking community of scientists. These judgements do not only concern the application of the kind of metaphysical criteria we have been discussing. At a more everyday level they include such skills as the experimenter’s ability to assess and eliminate spurious ‘background’ effects that might otherwise contaminate the results of an experiment. There is no little black book that tells the experimenter how to do this. It is something learned from experience. In a phrase that Polanyi often repeated, we all ‘know more than we can tell’, whether this is shown in the tacit skills of riding a bicycle, the connoisseurship of wine, or the design and execution of successful physical experiments. Holism Quantum theory We have seen in Chapter 5 that the EPR effect shows that there is an intrinsic nonlocality present in the quantum world. We have also seen that the phenomenon of decoherence has made plain the quite astonishingly powerful effects that the general environment can exercise on quantum entities. Although quantum physics is the physics of the very small, it by no means endorses a purely atomistic, ‘bits and pieces’, account of reality. Physics does not determine metaphysics (the wider world view), but it certainly constrains it, rather as the foundations of a house constrain, but do not determine completely, the ediﬁce that will be built upon them. Philosophical thinking has not always adequately taken into account the implications of these holistic aspects of quantum theory. There can be no doubt that they encourage acceptance of the necessity of attaining an account of the natural world that succeeds both in recognizing that its building blocks are indeed elementary particles, but also that their combination gives rise to a more integrated reality than a simple constituent picture on its own would suggest. The role of the observer A cliché that is often repeated is that quantum theory is ‘observer created’. More careful thought will considerably qualify and reduce that claim. What can be said will depend critically upon what interpretation of the measurement process is chosen. This is the central issue because, between measurements, the Schrödinger equation prescribes that a quantum system evolves in a perfectly continuous and determined fashion. It is also important to recall 90 that the general deﬁnition of measurement is the irreversible macroscopic registration of the signal of a microscopic state of affairs. This happening may involve an observer, but in general it need not. Only the consciousness interpretation assigns a unique role to the acts of a conscious observer. All other interpretations are concerned simply with aspects of physical process, without appeal to the presence of a person. Even in the consciousness interpretation, the role of the observer is conﬁned to making the conscious choice of what is to be measured and then unconsciously bringing about what the outcome actually turns out to be. Actuality can only be transformed within the limits of the quantum potentiality already present. No common factor unites these different possible accounts of the role of the observer. At most it would seem appropriate only to speak of ‘observerinﬂuenced reality’ and to eschew talk of ‘observercreated reality’. What was not already in some sense potentially present could never be brought into being. In connection with this issue, one must also question the assertion, often made in association with claimed parallels to the concept of maya in Eastern thought, that the quantum world is a ‘dissolving 91 Lessons and meanings On the neoCopenhagen view, the experimenter chooses what apparatus to use and so what is to be measured, but then the outcome is decided within that apparatus by macroscopic physical processes. If, on the contrary, it is the new physics of GRW that is at work, it is random process that produces the actual outcome. If Bohmian theory is correct, the role of the observer is simply the classical function of seeing what is already unambiguously the case. In the manyworlds interpretation, it is the observer who is acted upon by physical reality, being cloned to appear in all those parallel universes, within whose vast portfolio all possible outcomes are realized somewhere or other. world’ of insubstantiality. This is a kind of halftruth. There is the quantum ‘veiledness’ that we have already discussed, together with the widely acknowledged role that potentiality plays in quantum understanding. Yet there are also persisting aspects of the quantum world that equally need to be taken into account. Physical quantities such as energy and momentum are conserved in quantum theory, much as they are in classical physics. Recall also that one of the initial triumphs of quantum mechanics was to explain the stability of atoms. The quantum exclusion principle undergirds the ﬁxed structure of the periodic table. By no means all the quantum world dissolves into elusiveness. Quantum theory Quantum hype It seems appropriate to close this chapter with an intellectual health warning. Quantum theory is certainly strange and surprising, but it is not so odd that according to it ‘anything goes’. Of course, no one would actually argue with such crudity, but there is a kind of discourse that can come perilously close to adopting that caricature attitude. One might call it ‘quantum hype’. I want to suggest that sobriety is in order when making an appeal to quantum insight. We have seen that the EPR effect does not offer an explanation of telepathy, for its degree of mutual entanglement is not one that could facilitate the transfer of information. Quantum processes in the brain may possibly have some connection with the existence of the human conscious mind, but random subatomic uncertainty is very different indeed from the exercise of the free will of an agent. Wave/particle duality is a highly surprising and instructive phenomenon, whose seemingly paradoxical character has been resolved for us by the insights of quantum ﬁeld theory. It does not, however, afford us a licence to indulge in embracing any pair of apparently contradictory notions that take our fancy. Like a powerful drug, quantum theory is wonderful when applied correctly, disastrous when abused and misapplied. 92 Further reading Books relating to quantum theory are legion. The following list gives a short personal selection that a reader in search of further insight might ﬁnd useful to consult. Books that use more mathematics than this one, while still remaining popular in style: T. Hey and P. Walters, The Quantum Universe (Cambridge University Press, 1987) J. C. Polkinghorne, The Quantum World (Penguin, 1990) M. Rae, Quantum Physics: Illusion or Reality? (Cambridge University Press, 1986) A book that uses mathematics at a professional level, while being much more concerned with interpretative issues than is usual in textbooks: C. J. Isham, Lectures on Quantum Theory: Mathematical and Structural Foundations (Imperial College Press, 1995) The classic exposition by one of the founders of the subject: P. A. M. Dirac, The Principles of Quantum Mechanics, 4th edn. (Oxford University Press, 1958) A philosophically sophisticated discussion of interpretative issues: B. d’Espagnat, Reality and the Physicist: Knowledge, Duration and the Quantum World (Cambridge University Press, 1989) 93 A more general introduction to issues in the philosophy of science: W. H. NewtonSmith, The Rationality of Science (Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1981) NewtonSmith, however, neglects the thought of Michael Polanyi, which can be found in: M. Polanyi, Personal Knowledge (Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1958) Books of special relevance to the Bohmian version of quantum theory: D. Bohm and B. Hiley, The Undivided Universe (Routledge, 1993) J. T. Cushing, Quantum Mechanics: Historical Contingency and the Copenhagen Hegemony (University of Chicago Press, 1994) Quantum theory Reﬂective writings by two of the founding ﬁgures: N. Bohr, Atomic Physics and Human Knowledge (Wiley, 1958) W. Heisenberg, Physics and Philosophy: The Revolution in Modern Science (Allen & Unwin, 1958) Biographies of signiﬁcant quantum physicists: A. Pais, Niels Bohr’s Times in Physics, Philosophy and Polity (Oxford University Press, 1991) H. S. Kragh, Dirac: A Scientiﬁc Biography (Cambridge University Press, 1990) A. Pais, ‘Subtle is the Lord . . .’: The Science and Life of Albert Einstein (Oxford University Press, 1982) J. Gleick, Genius: The Life and Science of Richard Feynman (Pantheon, 1992) D. C. Cassidy, Uncertainty: The Life and Science of Werner Heisenberg (W. H. Freeman, 1992) W. Moore, Schrödinger: Life and Thought (Cambridge University Press, 1989) 94 Glossary Generally speaking, this glossary limits itself to deﬁning terms that recur in the text or that are of particular signiﬁcance for a basic understanding of quantum theory. Other terms that occur only once or are of less fundamental importance are deﬁned in the text itself, and these can be accessed through the index. angular momentum: a dynamical quantity that is the measure of rotatory motion Balmer formula: a simple formula for the frequencies of prominent lines in the hydrogen spectrum Bell inequalities: conditions that would have to be satisﬁed in a theory that was strictly local in its character, with no nonlocal correlations bosons: particles whose manyparticle wavefunctions are symmetric Bohmian theory: a deterministic interpretation of quantum theory proposed by David Bohm chaos theory: the physics of systems whose extreme sensitivity to details of circumstance makes their future behaviour intrinsically unpredictable classical physics: deterministic and picturable physical theory of the kind that Isaac Newton discovered collapse of the wavepacket: the discontinuous change in the wavefunction occasioned by an act of measurement 95 Quantum theory complementarity: the fact, much emphasized by Niels Bohr, that there are distinct and mutually exclusive ways in which a quantum system can be considered Copenhagen interpretation: a family of interpretations of quantum theory deriving from Niels Bohr and emphasizing indeterminacy and the role of classical measuring apparatus in measurement decoherence: an environmental effect on quantum systems that is capable of rapidly inducing almost classical behaviour degrees of freedom: the different independent ways in which a dynamical system can change in the course of its motion epistemology: philosophical discussion of the signiﬁcance of what we can know EPR effect: the counterintuitive consequence that two quantum entities that have interacted with each other retain a power of mutual inﬂuence however far apart they may separate from each other exclusion principle: the condition that no two fermions (such as two electrons) can be in the same state fermions: particles whose manyparticle wavefunctions are antisymmetric hidden variables: unobservable quantities that help to ﬁx what actually happens in a deterministic interpretation of quantum theory interference phenomena: effects arising from the combination of waves, which may result in reinforcement (waves in step) or cancellation (waves out of step) manyworlds interpretation: an interpretation of quantum theory in which all possible outcomes of measurement are actually realized in different parallel worlds measurement problem: the contentious issue in the interpretation of quantum theory relating to how one is to understand the obtaining of a deﬁnite result on each occasion of measurement noncommuting: the property that the order of multiplication matters, so that AB is not the same as BA observables: quantities that can be measured experimentally ontology: philosophical discussion of the nature of being Planck’s constant: the fundamental new physical constant that sets the scale of quantum theory 96 97 Glossary positivism: the philosophical position that science is concerned simply with correlating directly observed phenomena pragmatism: the philosophical position that science is really about the technical capability for getting things done quantum chaology: the notfullyunderstood subject of the quantum mechanics of chaotic systems quantum ﬁeld theory: the application of quantum theory to ﬁelds such as the electromagnetic ﬁeld or the ﬁeld that is associated with electrons quarks and gluons: current candidates for the basic constituents of nuclear matter radiation: energy carried by the electromagnetic ﬁeld realism: the philosophical position that science is telling us what the physical world is actually like Schrödinger equation: the fundamental equation of quantum theory that determines how the wavefunction varies with time spin: the intrinsic angular momentum possessed by elementary particles statistical physics: treatment of the bulk behaviour of complex systems on the basis of their most probable states statistics: the behaviour of systems composed of identical particles superposition: the fundamental principle of quantum theory that permits the adding together of states that in classical physics would be immiscible uncertainty principle: the fact that in quantum theory observables can be grouped in pairs (such as position and momentum, time and energy) such that both members of the pair cannot simultaneously be measured with precise accuracy. The scale of the limit of simultaneous accuracy is set by Planck’s constant wavefunction: the most useful mathematical representation of a state in quantum theory. It is a solution of the Schrödinger equation wave/particle duality: the quantum property that entities can sometimes behave in a particlelike way and sometimes in a wavelike way Mathematical appendix I set out in concise form, some simple mathematical details that will illuminate, for those who wish to take advantage of them, various points that arise in the mathematically innocent main text. (Items are crossreferenced in that text by their section numbers.) The demands made upon the readers of this appendix vary from the ability to feel at home with algebraic equations to some elementary familiarity with the notation of the calculus. 1. The Balmer formula It is most helpful to give the formula in the slightly changed form in which it was rewritten by Rydberg. If νn is the frequency of the nth line in the visible hydrogen spectrum (n taking the integer values, 3,4, . . .), then νn = cR 1 1 冢2 − n 冣, 2 (1.1) 2 where c is the velocity of light and R is a constant called the Rydberg. Expressing the formula in this way, as the difference of two terms, eventually proved to have been an astute move (see section 3 below). Other series of spectral line in which the ﬁrst term is 1/12, 1/32, etc, were identiﬁed later. 99 Quantum theory 2. The photoelectric effect According to Planck, electromagnetic radiation oscillating ν times a second is emitted in quanta of energy hν, where h is Planck’s constant and has the tiny value of 6.63.10−34 jouleseconds. (If one replaces ν -by the angular frequency ω = 2πν, the formula becomes h ω, where -h = h/2π, also often called Planck’s constant and pronounced ‘aitch bar’ or ‘aitch slash’.) Einstein supposed that these quanta had abiding existence. If radiation fell on a metal, one of the electrons in the metal might absorb one quantum, thereby acquiring its energy. If the energy needed for the electron to escape from the metal was W, then that escape would take place if hν > W, but it would be impossible if hν < W. There was therefore a frequency (νo = W/h) below which no electrons could be emitted, however intense the beam of incident radiation might be. Above that frequency, some electrons would be emitted, even if the beam were pretty weak. A pure wave theory of radiation would give an entirely different behaviour, since the energy conveyed to the electrons would then be expected to depend upon the intensity of the beam, but not upon its frequency. The observed properties of photoelectric emission agree with the predictions of the particle picture and not with the wave picture. 3. The Bohr atom Bohr supposed that the hydrogen atom consists of an electron of charge -e and mass m moving in a circle around a proton of charge e. The latter’s mass is sufﬁciently large (1,836 times the electron mass) for the effect of its motion to be neglected. If the radius of the circle is r and the electron’s velocity is v, then balancing electrostatic attraction against centrifugal acceleration gives e2 r 2 =m v2 , or e2 = mv2r. r (3.1) 100 The energy of the electron is the sum of its kinetic energy and electrostatic potential energy, giving E= l 2 e2 mv2 − , r (3.2) which, using (3.1), can be written as E= −e2 . 2r (3.3) Bohr then imposed a novel quantum condition, requiring that the angular momentum of the electron must be an integral multiple of -Planck’s constant h , (3.4) The corresponding possible energies are then En = −e4m 1 . 2. -- 2 2h n (3.5) If the energy released when an electron moves from the state n to the state 2 is emitted as a single photon, the frequency of that photon will be νn = c . e4m 1 1 . . − -- 3 4πh c 22 n2 冢 冣 (3.6) This is just the Balmer formula (1.1). Not only did Bohr explain that formula but he enabled the Rydberg constant R to be calculated in terms of other known physical constants, R= e4m , (3.7) -- 3 4πh c 101 Mathematical appendix -mvr = nh (n = 1,2, . . .). a number that agreed with the experimentally known value. Bohr’s discovery represented a remarkable triumph for the new quantum way of thinking Quantum theory (In the proper quantum mechanical calculation of the hydrogen atom, using the Schrödinger equation (see section 6), the discrete energy levels arise in a somewhat different way, bearing some analogy to the harmonic frequencies of an open string, and the number n is more obliquely related to angular momentum.) 4. Noncommuting operators The matrices that Heisenberg employed do not in general commute with each other, but eventually it turned out that quantum theory required a further generalization in which noncommuting differential operators were incorporated into the formalism. This is the development that led the physicists eventually to use the mathematics of Hilbert space. In the general case, quantum mechanical formulae can be obtained from those of classical physics by making the following substitutions for position x and momentum p: x → x, -p → − ih ∂ . ∂x (4.1) Because of the appearance of the differential operator ∂/∂x in (4.1), the variables x and p do not commute with each other, in contrast to the property of commutation that trivially applies to the numbers that classical physics assigns to positions and momenta. When ∂/∂x is on the left it differentiates the x on its right, as well as any other entity to the right, so that we may write ∂ ∂ .x−x. = 1. ∂x ∂x (4.2) 102 Deﬁning the commutator bracket [p,x] = p.x − x.p, we may rewrite this as -[p,x] = − ih . (4.3) This relation is known as the quantization condition. An alert reader will note that another solution of (4.3) would be given by -x → ih ∂ , ∂p p → p. (4.4) Dirac particularly emphasized the way in which there are many equivalent ways of formulating quantum mechanics. E = hν (5.1) makes energy proportional to the number of vibrations per unit interval of time. Relativity theory brackets together spaceandtime, momentumandenergy, as natural fourfold combinations. The young de Broglie therefore proposed that in quantum theory momentum should be proportional to the number of vibrations per unit interval of space. This leads to the formula h p= , λ (5.2) where λ is the wavelength. Equations (5.1) and (5.2) together give a way of relating particlelike properties (E and p) to wavelike properties (ν and λ). The spatial dependence of a waveform of wavelength λ is given by ei2πx/λ (5.3) 103 Mathematical appendix 5. de Broglie waves The Planck formula Putting (4.1) and (5.3) together recovers (5.2). 6. The Schrödinger equation The energy of a particle is the sum of its kinetic energy ( 21 mv2 = 21 p2/m, where p is mv) and its potential energy (which, in general, we can write as a function of x, V(x)). The quantum mechanical relation between energy and time that is the analogue of (4.1) is -E → ih ∂ . ∂t (6.1) The difference in sign between (6.1) and (4.1) is due to the fact that the time dependence of a waveform moving to the right and corresponding to the spatial dependence (5.3), is Quantum theory e−i2πνt, (6.2) so that the plus sign in (6.1) is needed to give E = hν. Using (4.1) and (6.1) to turn E = 21 mv2 + V into a differential equation for the quantum mechanical wavefunction ψ, yields -ih -- 2 ∂ψ h ∂2 = − + V(x) ψ, ∂t 2m ∂x2 冤 冥 (6.3a) in one space dimension, and -ih -- 2 ∂ψ h = − 䉮2 + V(x) ψ, ∂t 2m 冤 冥 (6.3b) in the threedimensional space of the vector x = (x, y, z), where 䉮2 = ∂2 ∂2 ∂2 + 2 + 2. 2 ∂x ∂y ∂z (6.4) 104 These expression are the Schrödinger equation, ﬁrst written down by him on the basis of a rather different line of argument. The operator in square brackets in equations (6.3) is called the Hamiltonian. Notice that equations (6.3) are linear equations in ψ, that is to say if ψ1 and ψ2 are two solutions, so is λ1ψ1 + λ2ψ2, (6.5) for any pair of numbers λ1 and λ2. 7. Linear spaces The linearity property noted at the end of section 6 is a fundamental characteristic of quantum theory and the basis for the superposition principle. Dirac generalized the ideas based on wavefunctions, formulating the theory in terms of abstract vector spaces. A set of vectors | αi 〉 form a vector space if any combination of them λ1 | α1 〉 + λ2 | α2 〉 + . . ., (7.1) also belongs to the space, where the λi are arbitrary (complex) numbers. Dirac called these vectors ‘kets’. They are the generalizations of the Schrödinger wavefunctions ψ. There is also a dual space of ‘bras’, antilinearly related to the kets 冱λ | α 〉 → 冱 〈 α | λ* i i i i (7.2) i i where the λ*i are the complex conjugates of the λi. (The bras 〈 α | 105 Mathematical appendix Max Born emphasized that the wavefunction has the interpretation of representing a probability wave. The probability of ﬁnding a particle at the point x is proportional to the square of the modulus of the corresponding (complex) wavefunction. obviously correspond to the complex conjugate wavefunctions, ψ*.) A scalar product can be formed between a bra and a ket (giving a ‘bra(c)ket’ – Dirac was rather fond of this little joke). This corresponds in wavefunction terms to the integral 兰ψ*1ψ2dx. It is denoted by 〈 α1 | α2 〉 and it has the property that 〈α1 | α2 〉 = 〈α2 | α1 〉*. (7.3) It follows from (7.3) that 〈 α | α 〉 is a real number and, in fact, in quantum theory the condition is imposed that it is positive (it must correspond to | ψ |2). The relationship between a physical state and a ket is what is called a Quantum theory ray representation, meaning that | α 〉 and λ | α 〉 represent the same physical state for any nonzero complex number λ. 8. Eigenvectors and eigenvalues Operators on vector spaces are deﬁned by their effect of turning kets into other kets: O | α 〉 = | α′〉. (8.1) In quantum theory, operators are the way in which observable quantities are represented in the formalism (compare with the operators (4.1) acting on a wavefunction). Signiﬁcant expressions are the numbers that arise as braoperatorket ‘sandwiches’ (called ‘matrix elements’; they are related to probability amplitudes): 〈β | O | α 〉. (8.2) The hermitean conjugate of an operator, O†, is deﬁned by the relation between matrix elements: 〈β | O | α 〉 = 〈α | O† | β 〉*. (8.3) 106 Special signiﬁcance attaches to operators that are their own hermitean conjugate: O† = O. (8.4) They are called hermitean, and only such operators represent physically observable quantities. Since the results of actual observations are always real numbers, to make physical sense of this scheme there has to be a way of associating numbers with operators. This is established using the ideas of eigenvectors and eigenvalues. If an operator O turns a ket | α 〉 into a numerical multiple of itself, O | α 〉 = λ | α 〉, (8.5) The physical interpretation corresponding to these mathematical facts is that the real eigenvalues of an observable are the possible results that can be obtained by measuring that observable, and the associated eigenvectors correspond to the physical states in which that particular result will be obtained with certainty (probability one). Only two observables whose corresponding operators commute will be simultaneously measurable. 9. The uncertainty relations The discussion of the gammaray microscope has shown that quantum measurement forces on the observer some tradeoff between good spatial resolution (short wavelength) and small disturbance (low frequency). Putting this balance into quantitative terms leads to the Heisenberg uncertainty relations, where it is found that the uncertainty in position, ∆x, and the uncertainty in momentum, ∆p, cannot have a product ∆x . ∆p whose magnitude is less than the order of Planck’s -constant h . 107 Mathematical appendix then | α〉 is said to be an eigenvector of O with eigenvalue λ. It can be shown that the eigenvalues of hermitean operators are always real numbers. 10. Schrödinger and Heisenberg If H is the Hamiltonian (energy operator), Schrödinger’s equation reads, -ih ∂ | α, t 〉 = H | α, t 〉. ∂t (10.1) If H does not depend explicitly on time, as is usually the case, (10.1) can be solved formally by writing | α, t〉 = e−iHt/h | α, 0〉. -- (10.2) The physical consequences of the theory all derive from the properties of matrix elements of the form 〈α | O | β 〉. Writing out explicitly the timedependence (10.2) gives 〈α, 0 | eiHt/h. O . e−iHt/h | β, 0〉. Quantum theory -- -- (10.3) Associating the terms together in a different way gives 〈α, 0 | . eiHt/hOe−iHt/h . | β, 0〉 -- -- (10.4) where now the timedependence has been thrust, so to speak, onto a timedependent operator O(t) = eiHt/hOe−iHt/h -- -- (10.5) (10.5) can then be treated as the solution of the differential equation -ih ∂O(t) = OH − HO = [O, H]. ∂t (10.6) This way of thinking about quantum theory, in which timedependence is associated with the operator observables rather than with the states, is just the way in which Heisenberg originally approached the matter. Thus the discussion of the section has demonstrated the equivalence of the approaches of the two great founding ﬁgures of quantum theory, 108 despite the appearance initially of their having treated the question so very differently. 11. Statistics If 1 and 2 are identical and indistinguishable particles, then |1, 2〉 and | 2, 1〉 must correspond to the same physical state. Because of the ray representation character of the formalism (see section 7), this implies that | 2, 1〉 = λ | 1, 2〉 (11.1) where λ is the number. However, interchanging 1 and 2 twice is no change at all and so it must restore exactly the original situation. Therefore it must be the case that (11.2) giving the two possibilities, λ = +1 (bose statistics), or λ = −1 (fermi statistics). 12. The Dirac equation On the memorial tablet to Paul Dirac in Westminster Abbey, there is engraved the equation: iγ∂ψ = mψ. (12.1) It is his celebrated relativistic waveequation for the electron, written in a fourdimensional spacetime notation and (using the physical units -natural to quantum theory that set h = 1). The γs are 4 by 4 matrices and ψ is what is called a fourcomponent spinor (2 (spin) times 2 (electron/positron) states). That is as far as we can take the matter in an introductory book of this kind, but, whether on paper, on the page, or on stone in the Abbey, the onlooker should have the opportunity to pay respect to what is one of the most beautiful and profound equations in physics. 109 Mathematical appendix λ2 = 1, Index consciousness 51–2, 57, 91 consistent histories 47 Copenhagen interpretation 48–50, 57, 91 correspondence principle 48 A antimatter 71–2 Aspect, Alain 79 atomic structure 5, 10–13, 15, 61–2, 100–2 D de Broglie, Louis 18, 25, 103 decoherence 43–4, 46, 57, 68–70, 76, 90 delayed choice experiment 64–5 d’Espagnat, Bernard 85 Dirac, Paul xii, 20–1, 39, 56, 70–3, 75, 88, 103, 105–6, 109 double slits experiment 22–5, 41, 54 B Balmer series 5, 11–12, 20, 99 band structure 63–4 Bell inequalities 79 Bell, John 53, 79 Birkoff, Garret 38 black body radiation 6 Bohm, David 53, 56, 78, 88–9 Bohmian interpretation 53–5, 57, 91 Bohr, Niels 11–13, 20, 33–4, 36–7, 48–9, 56, 77, 83–4, 87–9, 100–1 Boltzmann, Ludwig 6 Born, Max 20, 25, 105 bose condensation 62–3 bosons 60–1 E Eastern thought 91–2 eigenvalues 30–1, 106–7 eigenvectors 30–1, 106–7 Einstein, Albert xi, 4, 8–9, 13, 18, 77–80, 85 electron diffraction 18–19 ensemble interpretation 47 entanglement 80–1 epistemology 87–8 EPR effect 78–81, 90, 92 exclusion principle 61 C chaos theory 68–9 chemistry 61–2 collapse of wavepacket 25–6, 31, 44, 50, 79 commutation 17, 28–32, 102–3 complementarity 36–7 Compton scattering 13–14 F fermions 61, 71 Feynman, Richard xii, 22, 66–8 111 G Maxwell, James Clerk 3, 6, 10, 13 measurement 25–6, 31–2, 44–56, 90 metaphysics 88–90 MichelsonMorley experiment 4 GRW theory 50, 57, 91 guiding wave 54 H Quantum Theory h (Planck’s constant) 8, 12, 18, 40, 63, 67, 69, 107 Hamilton, William Rowan 56 Heisenberg, Werner 17–18, 20, 32–5, 85–6, 102, 108 hidden variables 42–3, 54 Hilbert space 27–8 holism 90 Huyghens, Christaan 2 hype, quantum 81, 92 N Newton, Isaac xi, 1–3, 7, 13 O observables 26–32 observer, role of 90–1 operators 28–31, 35 P I Pauli, Wolfgang 63 photoelectric effect 8–10, 100 photon 9, 12, 43–4, 62, 71 Planck, Max 4, 7–8, 13, 15, 33 Podolsky, Boris 77 Polanyi, Michael 89–90 positivism 47, 82–4 potentia 85–6 pragmatism 84 preferred states 56–7 probability 24–6, 31, 34–5, 40–4, 55 probability amplitudes 34–5, 41–2, 44 identical particles 60 intelligibility 86 interference phenomena 2, 23 irreversibility 49–50 K knowledge, human 47 L Laplace, Pierre Simon 1 least action 66–7 light 1–5, 67 Q M quanta 7–9 quantum chaology 69 quantum computing 75–6 quantum electrodynamics 40 quantum ﬁeld theory 73–5, 92 many worlds interpretation 52–3, 57, 76, 91 matrix mechanics 17–18, 20, 30, 35 112 T quantum logic 37–8, 87 quantum mechanics, principles of 20–32 quantum Zeno effect 70 Thomson, George 19 Thomson, Joseph 5, 19 tunnelling 58–60 R U Rayleigh, Lord 6–7 realism 77, 84–6 reasonableness 87–8 relativistic quantum theory 63, 70–1 renormalization 75 Rosen, Nathan 77 Rutherford, Lord 10–11 ultraviolet catastrophe 6–8 uncertainty principle 32–4, 56, 58, 77, 107 V vacuum 71, 74 vector spaces 26–8, 105–6 virtual particles 68 von Neumann, John 38, 42, 53 S W wavefunction 26, 60, 86, 97 wave mechanics 18–20, 35 wave/particle duality 10, 15, 18–19, 23, 25, 36, 73, 87, 92 waves 2, 33, 35 Wheeler, John Archibold 64 Wien, Wilhelm 34 Y Young, Thomas 2, 10 Z zero point motion 74 113 Index Schrödinger equation 19–20, 26, 47, 55, 90, 104–5 Schrödinger, Erwin 18–20, 25–6, 35, 108 Schrödinger’s cat 51–2 Sommerfeld, Arnold 34 spectra 5, 17 spin 45–6, 63 spin and statistics 63 statistics 60, 109 SternGerlach experiment 45–6, 51 sums over histories 66–8 superposition principle 21–2, 24, 26–7, 37–8, 41, 64, 73, 75, 105 