Contemporary Art: A Very Short Introduction Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have been published in more than 25 languages worldwide. The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to conceptual art and cosmology. Very Short Introductions available now: ANARCHISM Colin Ward ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas ANCIENT WARFARE Harry Sidebottom THE ANGLOSAXON AGE John Blair ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes ART HISTORY Dana Arnold ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin Atheism Julian Baggini Augustine Henry Chadwick BARTHES Jonathan Culler THE BIBLE John Riches THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright Buddha Michael Carrithers BUDDHISM Damien Keown BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown CAPITALISM James Fulcher THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead CLASSICS Mary Beard and John Henderson CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore CONTEMPORARY ART Julian Stallabrass Continental Philosophy Simon Critchley COSMOLOGY Peter Coles THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman CRYPTOGRAPHY Fred Piper and Sean Murphy DADA AND SURREALISM David Hopkins Darwin Jonathan Howard THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS Timothy Lim Democracy Bernard Crick DESCARTES Tom Sorell DESIGN John Heskett DINOSAURS David Norman DREAMING J. Allan Hobson DRUGS Leslie Iversen THE EARTH Martin Redfern EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch EIGHTEENTHCENTURY BRITAIN Paul Langford THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball EMOTION Dylan Evans EMPIRE Stephen Howe ENGELS Terrell Carver Ethics Simon Blackburn The European Union John Pinder EVOLUTION Brian and Deborah Charlesworth FASCISM Kevin Passmore FEMINISM Margaret Walters FOSSILS Keith Thomson FOUCAULT Gary Gutting THE FRENCH REVOLUTION William Doyle FREE WILL Thomas Pink Freud Anthony Storr Galileo Stillman Drake Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson HEGEL Peter Singer HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson HINDUISM Kim Knott HISTORY John H. Arnold HOBBES Richard Tuck HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood HUME A. J. Ayer IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden Indian Philosophy Sue Hamilton Intelligence Ian J. Deary ISLAM Malise Ruthven JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves JUDAISM Norman Solomon Jung Anthony Stevens KAFKA Ritchie Robertson KANT Roger Scruton KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner THE KORAN Michael Cook LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler LOCKE John Dunn LOGIC Graham Priest MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips MARX Peter Singer MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope MEDIEVAL BRITAIN John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths MODERN ART David Cottington MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta MOLECULES Philip Ball MUSIC Nicholas Cook Myth Robert A. Segal NATIONALISM Steven Grosby NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner NINETEENTHCENTURY BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and H. C. G. Matthew NORTHERN IRELAND Marc Mulholland PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close paul E. P. Sanders Philosophy Edward Craig PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE Samir Okasha PLATO Julia Annas POLITICS Kenneth Minogue POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY David Miller POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler POSTSTRUCTURALISM Catherine Belsey PREHISTORY Chris Gosden PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY Catherine Osborne Psychology Gillian Butler and Freda McManus QUANTUM THEORY John Polkinghorne RENAISSANCE ART Geraldine A. Johnson ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler RUSSELL A. C. Grayling RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION S. A. Smith SCHIZOPHRENIA Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone SCHOPENHAUER Christopher Janaway SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt SOCIAL AND CULTURAL ANTHROPOLOGY John Monaghan and Peter Just SOCIALISM Michael Newman SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce Socrates C. C. W. Taylor THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR Helen Graham SPINOZA Roger Scruton STUART BRITAIN John Morrill TERRORISM Charles Townshend THEOLOGY David F. Ford THE HISTORY OF TIME Leofranc HolfordStrevens TRAGEDY Adrian Poole THE TUDORS John Guy TWENTIETHCENTURY BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman THE WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION Amrita Narlikar Available soon: AFRICAN HISTORY John Parker and Richard Rathbone ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman CHAOS Leonard Smith CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy Derrida Simon Glendinning EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn THE FIRST WORLD WAR Michael Howard FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside HUMAN MIGRATION Khalid Koser INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS Paul Wilkinson JAZZ Brian Morton MANDELA Tom Lodge NEWTON Robert Iliffe PHILOSOPHY OF LAW Raymond Wacks PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns RACISM Ali Rattansi THE RAJ Denis Judd THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton ROMAN EMPIRE Christopher Kelly ROMANTICISM Duncan Wu For more information visit our web site www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/ Julian Stallabrass CONTEMPORARY ART A Very Short Introduction 1 3 Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide in Oxford New York Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto With ofﬁces in Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press in the UK and in certain other countries Published in the United States by Oxford University Press Inc., New York © Julian Stallabrass 2004 The moral rights of the author have been asserted Database right Oxford University Press (maker) First published in hardback as Art Incorporated 2004 First published as a Very Short Introduction 2006 All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press, or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department, Oxford University Press, at the address above You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data Data available Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data Data available ISBN 0–19–280646–7 978–0–19–280646–8 1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2 Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk Printed in Great Britain by Ashford Colour Press Ltd., Gosport, Hampshire Contents Acknowledgements ix List of illustrations x 1 2 3 4 5 6 A zone of freedom? 1 New world order 19 Consuming culture 50 Uses and prices of art The rules of art now Contradictions 119 References Index 145 136 70 101 To Peter and Audrey Acknowledgements While this book takes a position against much of the literature written on contemporary art, that writing has nonetheless formed it, and I would like to express my appreciation to all those who appear in the references section. I would urge readers to use this account as a staging post to go on to ﬁnd more detailed analyses of subjects that can only be dealt with summarily here. I have beneﬁted greatly from conversations with many artists, academics, critics, and curators, and particularly from colleagues and students at the Courtauld Institute of Art. Many thanks also to Sarah James and Hyla Robiscek, who helped my research. Thanks also to all those at Oxford University Press, and particularly to Katharine Reeve who nurtured this project. Parts of this book have been previously published in the following places, though all these passages have been substantially altered for their appearance here: ‘Shop until You Stop’, in Schirn Kunstalle Frankfurt/Tate Liverpool, Shopping: A Century of Art and Consumer Culture, ed. Christoph Grunenberg and Max Hollein (OstﬁldernRuit: Hatje Cantz Publishers, 2002). ‘Free Trade/Free Art’, in Neil Cummings/Marysia Lewandowska, Free Trade (Manchester: Manchester Art Gallery, 2003). ‘Literally No Place by Liam Gillick’, Bookworks website, June 2003: http://www.bookworks.org.uk/sharptalk/04/index.htm List of illustrations 1 Mel Chin, Night Rap 12 © the artist 2 Kara Walker, Camptown Ladies 15 © the artist. Courtesy of Brent Sikkema, New York 3 Vik Muniz, Aftermath (Angélica) 22 7 José Angel Toirac, Obsession, from the series ‘Tiempos Nuevos’ 40 © the artist. Courtesy of Fran Magee/Medaid, Austin, TX 8 Wang Guangyi, Great Capitalism Series: Coca Cola 42 © the artist. Courtesy of Kwai Po Collection, Hong Kong © the artist. Courtesy of Galeria Fortes Vilaça, São Paulo 4 Santiago Sierra, 160 cm line tattooed on 4 people 29 © the artist. Courtesy of Lisson Gallery, London 9 Xu Bing, A Book from the Sky 44 © the artist 10 5 Boris Mikhailov, At Dusk Series 31 © the artist. Installation at the Israel Museum, Jerusalem © the artist 6 Sergei Bugaev Afrika, MIR, Made in the Twentieth Century 32 © the artist. Courtesy of 1–20 Gallery, New York Kcho, Speaking of the Obvious Was Never a Pleasure for Us 46 11 Takashi Murakami, Hiropon 50 © 1997 Takashi Murakami/ Kaikai Kiki Co. Ltd. Courtesy of Tomio Koyama Gallery, Blum and Poe/photo Joshua White 12 Sylvie Fleury, Serie ELA 75/K (Easy, Breezy, Beautiful) 56 Courtesy of the artist and Galerie Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber, Zurich 13 Vanessa Beecroft, VB29.243 59 21 © the artist. Courtesy of neugerriemschneider, Berlin 22 Paul Pfeiffer, The Long Count (Rumble in the Jungle) 105 © the artist. Courtesy of The Project New York and Los Angeles © 1997 Vanessa Beecroft 14 Andreas Gursky, Times Square 66 © VG BildKunst, Bonn and DACS, London 2004. Courtesy of Monka Sprüth Galerie, Cologne/Philomene Magers 15 23 Gabriel Orozco, La DS Thomas Struth, Times Square, New York 67 Thomas Ruff, h.e.k.04 67 © DACS 2004. Courtesy of the artist 17 Jeff Koons, Loopy 24 Paola Pivi, Untitled (Aeroplane) Francis Alÿs, Zocalo Zbigniew Libera, LEGO Concentration Camp 108 © the artist. Courtesy of Galleri Faurschou, Copenhagen © the artist 20 Damien Hirst, Absolut Hirst 90 121 © the artist. Courtesy of Jay Jopling/White Cube (London) 77 Liam Gillick, Renovation Proposal for Rooseum, Malmo 82 © 2004 V&S Vin & Sprit AB (publ). Courtesy of the artist 25 26 Gavin Turk, Che Guevara © the artist. Courtesy of Lisson Gallery, London 19 107 © the artist/photo Attilio Maranzano. Courtesy of Galerie Emmanuel Perrotin, Paris 73 © the artist. Courtesy of Sonnabend Gallery, New York 18 106 © the artist. Courtesy of Marian Goodman Gallery, New York © the artist. Courtesy of Marian Goodman Gallery, New York 16 Tobias Rehberger, Seven Ends of the World 103 27 Eduardo Kac, Alba, the Fluorescent Rabbit 125 © the artist. Courtesy of Julia Friedman Gallery, Chicago 28 etoy, CORPORATION, TOYWAR site 130 etoy.com 29 Allan Sekula, Waiting for Tear Gas 133 © the artist. Courtesy of Christopher Grimes Gallery, Santa Monica, CA The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest opportunity. Chapter 1 A zone of freedom? Think ﬁrst of the use contemporary artists make of human bodies: hair teased into patterns that form Chinese characters, or woven into a rug, or plucked from the artist’s body to be inserted into a diminutive waxwork rendition of the corpse of the artist’s father; blood let drip from selfinﬂicted wounds onto canvas, or made into a selfportrait bust; marks made on drawings – or over cruciﬁxes – by ejaculating over them; cosmetic surgery undergone as performance art; human ears grown in Petri dishes; a baby’s corpse cooked and (apparently) eaten. Contemporary art seems to exist in a zone of freedom, set apart from the mundane and functional character of everyday life, and from its rules and conventions. In that zone, alongside quieter contemplation and intellectual play, there ﬂourishes a strange mix of carnival novelty, barbaric transgressions of morals, and offences against systems of belief. Discussion of contemporary art, ranging from specialist journal to tabloid column, encompasses respectful exegesis, complex philosophical diversions, fawning publicity, and ﬁnally denunciation, ridicule, and dismissal. Yet this familiar scene – how old and established is art’s rulebreaking, and how routine are the recommendations and condemnations – masks signiﬁcant recent change. Some of this change has been driven by art’s internal concerns, while some is a response to broader economic and political transformation. At ﬁrst sight there seems to be no system against 1 which art is currently more differentiated than the global neoliberal economy, founded on the ideal if not the practice of free trade. The economy functions strictly and instrumentally according to iron conventions, imposed unequally on nations by the great transnational economic bodies; it establishes hierarchies of wealth and power; it enforces on the vast majority of the world’s inhabitants a timetabled and regulated working life, while consoling them with visions of cinematic lives given meaning through adventure and coherent narrative (in which heroes make their lives free precisely by breaking the rules), and with plaintive songs of rebellion or love. This is the nerve pressed on by Jonathan Richman’s deceptively saccharine song, Government Center. Here are some of the lyrics: Contemporary Art We gotta rock at the Government Center to make the secretaries feel better when they put the stamps on the letter... e song ends with the dinging of a typewriter bell. It tells its listeners what pop songs are (mostly) for. Art appears to stand outside this realm of rigid instrumentality, bureaucratized life, and its complementary mass culture. That it can do so is due to art’s peculiar economy, based on the manufacture of unique or rare artefacts, and its spurning of mechanical reproduction. Artists and dealers even artiﬁcially constrain the production of works made in reproducible media, with limitededition books, photographs, videos, or CDs. This small world – which when seen from the inside appears autonomous, a microeconomy governed by the actions of a few important collectors, dealers, critics, and curators – produces art’s freedom from the market for mass culture. To state the obvious, Bill Viola’s videos are not playtested against target audiences in the Midwest, nor are producers forced on art bands like Owada to ensure that their sound will play inoffensively in shops or appeal to a core market of 11yearold girls. So this cultural enclave is protected 2 from vulgar commercial pressures, permitting free play with materials and symbols, along with the standardized breaking of convention and taboo. Yet there are reasons to wonder whether free trade and free art are as antithetical as they seem. Firstly, the economy of art closely reﬂects the economy of ﬁnance capital. In a recent analysis of the meaning of cultural dominance, Donald Sassoon explored patterns of import and export of novels, opera, and ﬁlm in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Culturally dominant states have abundant local production that meets the demands of their home markets, importing little and successfully exporting much. In the nineteenth century, France and Britain were the dominant literary powers. The US is now by far the most dominant cultural state, exporting its products globally while importing very little. As Sassoon points out, this does not mean that everyone consumes American culture, just that most of the culture that circulates across national boundaries is American. Sassoon rules ﬁne art out of his account on the sensible grounds that it has no mass market. It is hard to read trade ﬁgures for signs 3 A zone of freedom? The freedom of art is more than an ideal. If, despite the small chance of success, the profession of artist is so popular, it is because it offers the prospect of a labour that is apparently free of narrow specialization, allowing artists, like heroes in the movies, to endow work and life with their own meanings. Equally for the viewers of art, there is a corresponding freedom in appreciating the purposeless play of ideas and forms, not in slavishly attempting to divine artists’ intentions, but in allowing the work to elicit thoughts and sensations that connect with their own experiences. The wealthy buy themselves participation in this free zone through ownership and patronage, and they are buying something genuinely valuable; the state ensures that a wider public has at least the opportunity to breathe for a while the scent of freedom that works of art emit. Contemporary Art of cultural dominance in a system that is thoroughly cosmopolitan, so that you may have a German collector buying through a British dealer the work of a Chinese artist resident in the US. We can, however, get an idea of the volume of trade in each nation, and, given the high proportion of international trade in the art market, this does give an indication of global hegemony. Here there are striking parallels with the distribution of ﬁnancial power. It is hardly surprising that the US is dominant, accounting for a little less than a half of all global art sales; Europe accounts for much of the rest, with the UK taking as its share around a half of that. Art prices and the volume of art sales tend to match the stock markets closely, and it is no accident that the world’s major ﬁnancial centres are also the principal centres for the sale of art. To raise this parallel is to see art not only as a zone of purposeless free play but as a minor speculative market in which art works are used for a variety of instrumental purposes, including investment, tax avoidance, and money laundering. Secondly, and to banish such crude economic considerations from the minds of its viewers, contemporary art must continually display the signs of its freedom and distinction, by marking off its productions from those vulgarized by mass production and mass appeal. It can make a virtue of obscurity or even boredom to the point that these become conventions in themselves. Its lack of sentimentality is a negative image of the sweet fantasies and happy endings peddled in pop songs, cinema, and television. In its dark explorations of the human psyche, of which the worst is generally assumed, it appears to hold out no consolation. Yet, naturally, all of this ends up being somewhat consoling, for out of the negativity quite another message emerges: that such a zone of freedom, and free critique, can be maintained by the instrumental system of capitalism. Thirdly, and most dangerously for the ideal of unpolluted cultural freedom, it is possible to see free trade and free art not as opposing terms but rather as forming respectively a dominant system and its 4 The bourgeoisie, by the rapid improvement of all instruments of production, by the immensely facilitated means of communication, draws all, even the most barbarian, nations into civilisation. The cheap prices of its commodities are the heavy artillery with which it batters down all Chinese walls, with which it forces the barbarians’ intensely obstinate hatred of foreigners to capitulate. It compels all nations, on pain of extinction, to adopt the bourgeois mode of production; it compels them to introduce what it calls civilisation into their midst... ne word, it creates a world after its own image. It is not merely national barriers that are demolished. Continual innovation in industry and culture dissolves old structures, traditions, and attachments, so that in Marx’s famous phrase, ‘All that is solid melts into air..... zone of freedom? supplement. The supplement may appear to be an inessential extra but (in Jacques Derrida’s celebrated analysis) nevertheless, like the afterword to a book or footnotes to an essay, has a role in its completion and shares its fundamental character. Free art has a disavowed afﬁnity with free trade, and the supplementary minor practice is important to the operation of the major one. So the tireless shufﬂing and combining of tokens in contemporary art in its quest for novelty and provocation (to take some recent examples, sharks and vitrines, paint and dung, boats and modernist sculpture, oval billiard tables) closely reﬂect the arresting combinations of elements in advertising, and the two feed off each other incessantly. As in the parade of products in mass culture, forms and signs are mixed and matched, as if every element of culture was an exchangeable token, as tradable as a dollar. The daring novelty of free art – in its continual breaking with conventions – is only a pale rendition of the continual evaporation of certainties produced by capital itself, which tears up all resistance to the unrestricted ﬂow across the globe of funds, data, products, and ﬁnally the bodies of millions of migrants. As Marx put it a centuryandahalf ago, in a passage of striking contemporary force: Contemporary Art We shall see that there are many artists who in differing degrees critically examine the afﬁnity between contemporary art and capital. Yet in the general run of artworld statements – particularly in those destined for the public rather than specialists – that afﬁnity is invisible. Anyone who reads much about contemporary art will have frequently come across some version of the following mantra: this work of art/this artist’s work/the art scene as a whole transcends rational understanding, pitching the viewer into a state of trembling uncertainty in which all normal categories have slipped away, opening a vertiginous window onto the inﬁnite, some traumatic wound normally sutured by reason, or onto the void. According to this standard view, art works are only incidentally products that are made, purchased, and displayed, being centrally the airy vehicles of ideas and emotions, the sometimes stern, sometimes gentle taskmasters of selfrealization. In The Rules of Art, an exceptional analysis of French literature in the second half of the nineteenth century, Pierre Bourdieu traces the social conditions for the emergence of an autonomous art, free of the demands of religion, private patrons, and the state. He notes the survival of this belief – that art is inexplicable – born at that time, into the present: I would simply ask why so many critics, so many writers, so many philosophers take such satisfaction in professing that the experience of a work of art is ineffable, that it escapes by deﬁnition all rational understanding; why are they so eager to concede without a struggle the defeat of knowledge; and where does their irrepressible need to belittle rational understanding come from, this rage to afﬁrm the irreducibility of the work of art, or, to use a more suitable word, its transcendence. (p. xiv) Today art is supposed to have passed into a different epoch, far removed from the ﬁrst ﬂush of avantgarde activity in the work of Flaubert and Courbet, and its evolving devotion to art for art’s sake. Beginning in the mid1970s, and with increasing force, 6 postmodernism was meant to have swept such concerns aside, challenging the category of high art itself, or at least delighting in its pollution by myriad cultural forms. So we start with a curiosity: that in the visual arts today those old notions of art’s ineffability, touched more with mysticism than analysis, still thrive. This continued insistence on the unknowability of art is all the more strange because it has been accompanied recently by some transparently instrumental art practices. Since we cannot know what we cannot know, this mantra about the impenetrability of the realm of art stands out as naked propaganda. The uses to which art is put, and the identity of those who use it, are often far from mysterious. Since the fall of Eastern European Communism and the emergence of capitalism as a truly global system, these uses have become both more advanced and more evident. The global events of 1989 and after – the reuniﬁcation of Germany, the fragmentation of the Soviet Union, the rise of global trade agreements, the consolidation of trading blocs, and the transformation of China into a partially capitalist economy – changed the character of the art world profoundly. Ever since the capital of the arts switched from Paris to New York following the Second World War, the art world had, after all, been structured on the Cold War division of East and West. The statesupported high art of each bloc was a negative image of the other: if the art of the East had to conform to and represent a speciﬁc ideology and have a deﬁnite social use, then the art of the West must be apparently free of any such direction, and attain perfect uselessness. If the art of the East celebrated the achievements of humanity, and particularly of socialist Man, then the art of the West must focus on humanity’s limits, failures, and cruelties (all the while holding out the hope that art itself, in its very excavation of these troubles, may be an achievement in itself ). With the fading of this antagonism (slowly under glasnost and then swiftly as the regimes of the East 7 A zone of freedom? Beyond the Cold War imploded), and with the muchtrumpeted triumph of capitalism (the establishment of a ‘new world order’ in which the US was the only superpower) the art world swiftly reconﬁgured itself. As we shall see, a rash of art events peppered the globe, while artists of many nations, ethnicities, and cultures, long ignored in the West, were borne to critical and commercial success. Contemporary Art The shift was prepared for by postmodern critique which, in a complex series of theoretical moves, afﬁrmed what the market had slowly sanctioned, unveiling the white male ‘genius’ skulking behind the universalist façade of high culture. Feminists challenged the male dominance of the art world, doing much to reformulate the very standards of judgement that had assured women’s exclusion. The action of ethnic others took longer, and in the US, as we shall see, was attended by furious controversy. The rise of the prominent multicultural exhibition exactly coincides with the end of the Cold War, with two shows, planned in the years of glasnost, breaking the institutional white monopoly in London and Paris: the Pompidou’s Magiciens de la Terre, and the Hayward Gallery’s The Other Story, both of 1989. Each was controversial and, as ﬁrst forays into this area, necessarily partial. Magiciens de la Terre, in particular, was criticized for exoticizing Third World artists, an attitude expressed in its very title. Nevertheless, it was the ﬁrst major exhibition in a metropolitan artworld centre to show contemporary First World and Third World art together on an equal footing. Rasheed Araeen fought against the indifference and condescension of the British art elite to produce The Other Story, which for the ﬁrst time showed black and Asian British artists in a prominent public space. These exhibitions achieved a new visibility for contemporary artists of colour. And both – despite the fears of Araeen, who after years of marginalization rightly worried that his show might be no more than an isolated ‘curiosity’ in the whiteout – proved to be heralds of a system under which nonwhite artists would no longer need complain of invisibility, and had to start worrying instead about the type of attention they were receiving. 8 While the art world has taken up the politically liberal aspect of this rhetoric, in particular recommending the beneﬁts of cultural mixing or hybridity, the overall vision behind it – the dream of 9 A zone of freedom? Following the end of the Cold War, the global consolidation of an unrestrained type of capitalism, dubbed ‘neoliberalism’, also coincided with this ﬂush of colour to the art world’s cheeks. Under neoliberalism, the language of free trade is spoken but the global regulatory bodies (the World Bank, the IMF, and the WTO) enforce rules that protect industries and agriculture in wealthy nations while opening fragile economies to unregulated trade (including the dumping of belowcost goods), privatization, and the dismantling of welfare provision. The general results across the globe are low wages, insecure employment, high unemployment, and the weakening of unions. This system, and its catastrophic consequences for the weakest nations, has recently been plotted by exWorld Bank economist, Joseph Stiglitz, who shows, for example, how the IMF and the World Bank produced or exacerbated crises in Russia, East Asia, and elsewhere with grave and frequently lethal results for their inhabitants. Yet, despite the wealth that ﬂows to transnational corporations – and, as we shall see, thus to the art world – the greatest effect on art has not been on its economy but its rhetoric. A loud chorus of voices has been heard praising the demolition of cultural barriers that accompanies the supposed destruction of barriers to trade, and the glorious cultural mixing that results. In this the art world is hardly alone, for a wave of enthusiasm for globalization swept through the discourses of economics and politics, along with the humanities, from academic conference to liberal newspaper. The logic of such talk has been analytically skewered by Justin Rosenberg, who has shown the incoherence that emerges from analyses that purport to use the abstract qualities of space and time as the prime movers in social theory, replacing the parameters of economic, political, and military power, with results that are often vague or merely rhetorical. In the art world, the ferment of talk about globalization has often been quite as slack and ubiquitous. Contemporary Art global capital – has been thoroughly and swiftly reﬂected there. Art discourse, institutions, and works have changed rapidly as a result. Throughout the 1990s biennials and other art events were founded across the globe, while cities built new museums of contemporary art, or expanded old ones. The activities of these museums became steadily more commercial as they adopted corporate ideals, establishing alliances with business, bringing their products closer to commercial culture, and modelling themselves less on libraries than shops and theme parks. At the same time, contemporary art has moved into closer contact with selected elements of a mass culture that has become so pervasive that this turn is sometimes confused with a new engagement with the ‘real’ or ‘real life’. Art stars have long been celebrities, but now the art scene as a whole is treated much like fashion or pop, and even its minor players appear in the organs devoted to tracking the orbits of the celestial bodies. In particular, art and fashion have increasingly been seen handinhand, as the cult of youth that has enveloped culture as a whole also saturated the art world. This account will often take the period since 1989 as if it were a unitary whole so that we may more clearly examine the structure of the art world and its products, but we should also touch upon some of the important changes associated with globalization that have transformed contemporary art. These are the linked issues of politicized art in the US, the economic cycle, and a transformation in the standard form of contemporary art display. Culture Wars In the US, contemporary art, particularly photography and performance, were at the centre of a political battle over central government funding of the arts. It was sparked by the showing in statesubsidized venues of works which could be read as obscene or blasphemous. In 1989, before his fellow senators, Alphonse d’Amato tore up a reproduction of Andres Serrano’s Piss Christ, a photograph of a massproduced cruciﬁx immersed in the artist’s 10 Conservative anger was directed at depictions and performances that celebrated gay sexuality, or objected to government inaction over AIDS, or openly displayed black bodies and sexuality. While such works were openly reviled, with a rage that laid bare the racism and homophobia of much of the US political landscape, the attack was also extended to political works as such, and particularly to the entire exploration of racism in art. In 1994, the Whitney’s Black Male exhibition, curated by Thelma Golden, was the subject of particular controversy, due to its many depictions of naked bodies in an explicitly political show that took on the white establishment’s fear and subjection of black men. One piece that tellingly condensed the concerns of the show was Mel Chin’s Night Rap, a police nightstick, the sidehandle of which was shaped into an erect penis. 11 A zone of freedom? urine. In 1990, for exhibiting Robert Mapplethorpe’s exhibition, The Perfect Moment, Dennis Barrie, director of the Cincinnati Contemporary Arts Center, found himself in the dock on charges of violating obscenity laws. The show had included depictions, in Mapplethorpe’s highly aestheticized blackandwhite photographs, of gay sex, sadomasochism, and the results of the artist’s long quest for the perfect (black) dick. Barrie was acquitted, though the defence was reduced to arguing that the photographs were art, and not pornography, because they could be enjoyed formally. These works and others were used as the basis for a Republican attack on the National Endowment for the Arts, the federal source of arts funding in the US. The attack was partly successful, substantially reducing the already modest sum at the NEA’s disposal and, despite furious political controversy, eventually cowing opposition and contributing towards producing a more quiescent scene. As Douglas Davis has pointed out in a ﬁne and detailed account of the Clinton administration’s record on the arts, their strategy in the face of continued conservative attacks was defensive and limited, and certainly did not extend to any explicit support for the visual arts. The result was further politically motivated cutting of the NEA budget. Contemporary Art 1. Mel Chin, Night Rap Black Male met with objections not only from white conservatives uncomfortable with the political resonance of the subject but from black activists and artists who criticised its concentration on the nude, and thus possible conﬁrmation of the very attitudes it set out to criticize. More generally, there was both a great deal of explicitly political art prominently displayed in the US in the early 1990s and a strident reaction against it among even moderately conservative critics, such as Peter Schjeldahl and Robert Hughes, who made a concerted attempt to have such work ruled out of the category of ‘art’. A few years later, such critics did succeed in establishing a vogue for ‘beauty’ in contemporary art, as we shall see. The far right’s attacks, by contrast, ultimately failed to alter the contemporary art scene signiﬁcantly. Few could take seriously what was recommended in its place, namely a respectful and patriotic art that stepped straight out of the McCarthy era. But there was also a fundamental contradiction in their position: the cultural manifestations they objected to so vehemently were 12 produced by the very economic forces that they were committed to defending. If the prominence of this political art was comparatively brief, this was partly because it had served its purpose: art did diversify, and once it had adapted itself to its new circumstances, could not go back. If it failed to fulﬁl its own wider ideals, this was because of its incomplete character, particularly its isolation from actual political 13 A zone of freedom? Yet how did politicized art, long made by activists struggling against the mainstream, but little seen, come to such prominence? In part it was a reaction against the marketfriendly art of the 1980s which had been so suddenly beached and stranded by the recession. In part, it was in anticipation of a liberal turn in politics, for many in the art world backed Clinton in 1992, and some were even involved in fundraising for his campaign. If these expectations were disappointed in the long run, at ﬁrst Clinton’s canniness in handling cultural signs that suggested nascent change gave many heart. More important than either was a reconﬁguration of US art in the face of the newly globalized art world. If the establishment of New York as the centre of the art world following the Second World War had meant a shift in the focus of American art from local and national concerns to supposedly universal themes, the new order required the abandonment of universality in favour of an exploration of diversity, difference, and hybridity. The physical centre of the art world remained right where it was, as we shall see, for as the world’s most multicultural nation the US has this advantage under the new system to add to its economic and political might. Yet it could not exercise that advantage until its own prejudices and exclusions – barriers to trade – had been confronted. The ‘Culture Wars’ and the battle over political art that followed were a modernizing process. They were to be replayed in other nations where religion held a prominent place in politics and public life, with similar art scandals over abused religious symbols and explicit sexual scenes causing censorship and the sacking of curators in Poland and Greece. Contemporary Art processes. Benjamin Buchloh, in a mordant but compelling account of contemporary art, argues that the long trend in the US (and one may add elsewhere) for politics to move from the public to the private realms was reﬂected in an art that focused on artists’ identities and the way these could be constructed through assemblages of conventional signs. It was more comfortable to explore these concerns than the intractable issues of social class and indifferent political institutions. The identities formed by money and class, and their integral links to other identities, were forgotten in this politics. So when the US economy revived, especially through the mid1990s, a mutated marketfriendly work once again came to the fore, in which identities became spectral associations, their blending and wafting this way and that being the subject of consumerist whim. One striking exemplar is the highly successful work of Kara Walker whose cutout fantasy scenes of sex and violence down on the plantation generated much controversy. Identity at its most traumatic – the utter humiliation of slavery – is literally seen in silhouette as caricatured ﬁgures act out the grossest acts of subjugation, rendered in a sweet, fairytale manner. As Coco Fusco points out, there is no clear moral frame of reference here, and the work does not document or preach but appeals to suppressed fantasy and desire. The question is, whose desires? Some black commentators, notably Betye Saar, were deeply uncomfortable with Walker’s sudden and dramatic success in the mainstream art institutions, seeing the work as amusing a white audience with a dangerous conﬁrmation of their own prejudices. Since the art world is bound to the economy as tightly as Ahab to the white whale, another way of looking at that same relationship is through the economic cycle. The period under discussion here – from 1989 to the present day (I write as US troops squat in Baghdad, conﬁrming a new and decidedly antiglobalist imperial order) – is bounded on either side by recession. The ﬁrst was the 14 spectacular crash of 1989 that slaughtered the bloated artistic giants of the 1980s glut, shattering artworld selfimportance and conﬁdence, and in the longer term producing ruder and more populist work, alongside politically committed art. The bubble that burst was pricked by the sudden withdrawal of Japanese buying from the market, partly caused by wider economic problems, but also by the scandalous revelation that much artbuying in Japan had been undertaken as a way of evading tax on realestate proﬁts, with the sideeffect of artiﬁcially inﬂating prices. The second global recession was a slowerburning affair in the West, caused by the failure of the hightech sector, and followed by general falls in the stock market, scandals over ﬁnancial corruption, and war. Between these two recessions, economic revival was uncertain, except in the most outrightly neoliberal economies of the West where it was buoyed on the hightech and dotcom bubble. In those nations, glut produced (as we shall see, predictably) a reaction 15 A zone of freedom? 2. Kara Walker, Camptown Ladies Contemporary Art against art that engaged with theory and politics, in favour of work which set out to prettify, awe, entertain, and be sold. The other signal change in 1990s art was the rise of ‘installation art’. This is a complex and contested term. Some see it as an art that ﬁrmly resists buying and selling, being by deﬁnition ephemeral and difﬁcult or impossible to move around. So, as Julie H. Reiss has it, installation – born in the 1960s – has revived from its long slumber through the commercially driven years of the 1980s. In its ﬁrst life (then known as ‘environment’ art) it had been shown in newly founded ‘alternative’ and often artistrun spaces. Installation’s renewed popularity coincided with the recession of 1989, but in its reawakened form it established itself at the heart of the art world, in museums. The change in name from ‘environment’ to ‘installation’ is signiﬁcant, for exhibitions are installed. Installation no longer necessarily resists commodiﬁcation, since it is now often moved and paid for. Even when it is not, installation is regularly used by artists and dealers as a lossleader for more marketable products. Installation is not mediumspeciﬁc or itself a medium. It encompasses video and increasingly older media like painting, and may be seen as a spatial art in which all media – even elements of performance – are subsumed. Nevertheless, its rise has been accompanied by a relative decline in the traditional media of painting and sculpture. Yet the art world is layered vertically and heterogeneous horizontally, comprising many overlapping spheres of association and commerce. Painting, whether or not it occupies the limelight of art discourse, is still the most saleable form of art, and continues to be made and sold to individuals and corporations more or less successfully depending on the state of the economy. Much the same could be said of drawing, printmaking, artists’ books and a host of other practices. The focus here, however, is on what takes the limelight, and what circulates internationally in the heights of the cosmopolitan art world. 16 In this context, installation has two marked advantages. The ﬁrst is in the continuing competition with mass culture – how to persuade an audience to travel to a museum or other site rather than watch television, go to the movies, a gig or a football match, or shopping. There has been an intensiﬁcation of competition here, a vying for spectacle, with television, to take a signal example, transforming itself with large, wide screens, high deﬁnition, and DVD recording. We have seen that art sets itself off from mass culture by its handling of content. Aside from that, what the reproducible media cannot yet simulate is the feeling of a body moving through a particular space surrounded by huge video projections or work that has weight, fragrance, vibration, or temperature. So installation, which allows a space to be inhabited rather than merely presenting a work of art to be looked at, comes to the fore. In later chapters the links between these various elements of art since 1989 will be explored: the US Culture Wars may be seen as a domestic prelude to the wider issues of global hybridity, and were constituted by the same disposition of forces: on one side, liberal consumerism committed to the demolition of restraints on commerce in the broadest sense; on the other the local forces of tradition, religion, and moral deportment. Installation (again, broadly taken) is associated with spectacle and competition with the mass media. Contemporary installation is expensive and is 17 A zone of freedom? The second advantage is that the exclusive commissioning of a work for a particular site is a way of ensuring that viewers have to go there, and collections of such works by important artists clustered in a biennale are powerful magnets for artworld attention. In this way, installation and sitespeciﬁcity are linked to the globalization of the art world, and an art used for regional or urban development. Since this is now the regular strategy, being there – not only in Venice, Basle, and Madrid but now in São Paulo, Dakar, and Shanghai – has become another way to conﬁrm social distinction on the viewer (as only slight exposure to artworld chatter, so often ﬂuttering about the latest exotic jamboree, will conﬁrm). Contemporary Art generally reliant on private sponsorship and public funding. It is thus tied to corporate involvement in the arts and the commercialization of the museum, in a way that directly cuts against its origins in doityourself artists’ projects; this in turn is linked to the connection between globalization and privatization (of which the privatization of the art world is just a small part) which pushes museums and galleries into ever more spectacular display. Similarly, the symbiosis with elite elements of mass culture, and the urge to engage with ‘real life’ (which is to say, consumer culture and the concerns of the mass media) are part of the same impetus. Lest this account seem too neatly parcelled up, I hope it will become clear that there are considerable strains and contradictions between these elements. In the chapters that follow, on globalization, the relation with mass culture, the cost and uses of art, the characteristics of art and of writing about it, these contradictions will be explored. Finally, to state the obvious, a book of this length can only be an introduction, and has to exclude vastly more than it can include. The inclusion of artists and works should not be seen as implying any judgement of quality but is instead an indication of their centrality to the book’s core concerns: the regulation and incorporation of art in the new world order. 18 Chapter 2 New world order Doris Salcedo is a Colombian artist who makes sculptures out of furniture that once belonged to people who have ‘disappeared’ in her country’s long civil war. In this bitter struggle, both sides – guerrillas and government – fund the war by drugdealing, while the Colombian army, despite their long record of human rights abuses, is lavishly funded by the US. Paramilitaries closely allied with government forces abduct and murder people with impunity. In some of Salcedo’s works, one piece of furniture is carefully placed inside another in a coupling. In others, what looks at ﬁrst sight like the grain of wood turns out to be human hair. These assemblages are blocked up with cement, which also sometimes partially submerges a door or an upturned table. In looking at these pieces there is a feeling of extremely slow submersion or erosion, a graph of the action of memory, seared by violence into the mind, sealed up by silence and censorship, returning unwanted in dreams and involuntary thoughts; and equally painfully losing its precise deﬁnition as time passes, and new memories, and memories of memories, are laid over old. Giles Gilbert Scott’s Anglican Cathedral in Liverpool is a vast, bare Gothic building, conventional in grandeur and architectural layout but built through the course of the last century. To walk within it is to feel a strong sense of the uncanny. Where, visitors think, are the trappings of historical memory, the signs of their erasure and 19 Contemporary Art erosion, the familiar clutter of centuries? It is rather that an ancient cathedral was newly minted, and left naked. The ﬁrst Liverpool Biennial of Contemporary Art, held in 1999, included an international component, Trace, curated by Anthony Bond, which placed pieces of contemporary art in various locations around the city. Salcedo’s work appeared in the Anglican Cathedral. What did this combination amount to? The seventy years of the cathedral’s construction spanned two world wars, the rise and dissolution of political radicalism in Britain, deindustrialization, and the sweeping secularization of that society, so that the completed product was born outsized into a city drained of work, population, and faith. Salcedo’s work, a meticulous and laborious attempt to honour memory, is a visual counterpart to Eduardo Galeano’s extraordinary works of the recovery of collective, political memory in the face of the violent suppression of protest in word or deed throughout much of Latin America. More speciﬁcally, as Charles Merewether points out, they speak against the freezing and suppression of memory that disappearance is designed to produce, for the mourners lack a body, a grave, and even the certainty that their loved one is dead. Visually, Salcedo’s works sat well in the vast, bare spaces of the cathedral, her cabinets like mutated confessionals or oversized cofﬁns. Site and work in such juxtaposition are meant to combine to enrich each other, productively bringing cultures together, provoking thought, and granting insight to other histories and cultures. Although it is ﬁtting to place gravestones in a cathedral, here the combination seemed antithetical, since Salcedo’s ritual forms of memory worked against the ghost of Anglicanism, in a building that had been erected as if nothing had changed. Trace was a typical theme for a biennale, since it could be stretched to include just about everything and thus meant very nearly nothing. The Liverpool Biennial is an umbrella event, which takes in older annual shows, including the New Contemporaries exhibition and the John Moores painting competition. Liverpool is 20 The foreword to the Trace catalogue claims that the Biennial reﬂects the city’s ‘current urban renaissance’, though in 1999, this was more an aspiration than a statement of fact. The scattering of art exhibits around the city, wrote Bond, ‘ensures that visitors will discover the rich character of Liverpool as they experience the art’. So the link to tourism was made explicit, and indeed the experience of the Biennial for visitors to the city was that of moving from place to place as a tourist, constantly referring to maps. There was a bewildering concatenation of works and places, and a lack of contextual material for both; given that the event’s principles were vague at best, the experience became primarily an aesthetic exercise in seeing work against an architectural setting, except for exceptionally wellinformed artworld insiders (for whom, perhaps, it was primarily made). 21 New world order highly suited for such an event: a city of docks, its once great wealth based on trade, including slavery, serving as a suitable setting for art that reﬂected on globalization and its histories. Its now downatheel urban fabric has plenty of large vacant spaces for displaying art, and its rundown areas, snags for romantic imaginings, are ripe for gentriﬁcation. All this set up some productive and provocative opportunities for the display of art, notably Ernesto Neto’s tumescent spice sacs that hung in the Tate, ﬁlling the air with perfume in what had once been a warehouse for those very goods. Similarly, Vik Muniz in his Aftermath series makes poignant and complex work about the street children of his native city, São Paulo. Giving them reproductions of paintings by Van Dyck, El Greco, and Velázquez, and getting them to act out the poses, he photographs them. The photos are then used as the basis for elaborate images made up of refuse and confetti, the kind left on the street after Carnival has passed, out of which sketchy images of the children appear, spectrally traced in sugar. These are then photographed and the largescale photos displayed in the gallery. Seen at the Tate, which bears the name of a sugar baron, the work gained another dimension. 3. Vik Muniz, Aftermath (Angélica) The catalogue lists the Biennial’s sponsors and contributing organizations, which included business, local academic institutions and art boards, national arts councils, and state bodies promoting culture abroad, such as the Goethe Institute. This mix was telling of the kind of alliances that a biennale produces: businesses, large and small, wanting to boost their brand recognition; nations pushing their cultural products; regional bodies hoping for regeneration; and universities wanting to raise their research ratings. The general artworld view of this development is sanguine: the linear, singular, white, and masculine principles of modernism have ﬁnally fallen, to be replaced by a multiple, diverse, rainbowhued, fractally complex proliferation of practices and discourses. Rosa 23 New world order The Liverpool Biennial is merely one example of an increasingly widespread phenomenon. While the art world has long been cosmopolitan, the end of the Cold War, as we have seen, brought about a considerable retooling of its practices and habits. Just as business executives circled the earth in search of new markets, so a breed of nomadic global curators began to do the same, shuttling from one biennale or transnational art event to another, from São Paulo to Venice to Kwangju to Sydney to Kassel and Havana. Of those events in developing and Communist states, some were longestablished (like the São Paulo Biennial, founded in 1951, though recently revamped and funded on a larger scale), while others were entirely new. Here are just some of the new arrivals along with their starting dates: Havana Biennial (1984), Sharjah Biennial, United Arab Emirates (1993), Kwangju, South Korea (1995), Johannesburg Biennale (1995), Shanghai Biennale (founded 1996, opened to international artists in 2000), Mercosur Biennial held at Porto Alegre, Brazil (1997), DAK’ART, Senegal (1998), Busan Biennale, Korea (1998), Berlin Biennale (1998), Yokohama Triennale (2001), and Prague (2003). Martínez, one such international curator, replies to the question ‘what makes a biennial?’ that The ideal biennial is a profoundly political and spiritual event. It contemplates the present with a desire to transform it. As Arthur Danto says, in a deﬁnition I love, a biennial ‘is a glimpse of a Contemporary Art transnational utopia’. In each event, ideally, the point is to bring about an exchange of the bluechip standards of globalized art – and to look at the biennale rosters is to see how many of the same names insistently recur – into productive contact with local artists and circumstances. Ideally again, this should in time produce a hybrid diversity of art forms produced by people of widely differing backgrounds and attachments, that will speak both globally and locally, inhabiting and producing inbetween spaces that undermine the homogeneous blocs – above all, the nationstate – on which power relies. It is an ideal that has powerful theoretical backing – in particular from writing by Homi Bhabha and Stuart Hall, regularly aired at the art events and in their accompanying literature, and it has helped produce a rise to prominence of artists from nations that had previously achieved such success only in exceptional cases. These artists, from China, Cuba, Russia, South Africa, or Korea, for example, bring to the global art world new voices, perspectives, ideas, and styles. The intensity of Salcedo’s work, which comes out of her collaboration with grieving relatives of the disappeared, is a world away from the secondhand, mediainspired fantasies of violence in, say, Damien Hirst or the Chapmans, and the comparison makes them look decidedly ridiculous. Such work has transformed the art scene and been at the forefront on the circuit of international shows. Third Text, a journal devoted to fostering and analysing Third World perspectives on art and culture, has had to shift its primary purpose from making such art and opinion visible to exploring the conditions of its remarkable success. As Jean Fisher 24 puts it, the key problem is no longer invisibility but rather an excess visibility that comes about because cultural difference is now so readily marketable. We can get some idea of the terms on which this success has taken place by looking in turn at the biennales, some contrasting cases of art made in various regions, and then at the function and effect of this new ferment of globalized art production and consumption. A statement by inﬂuential curator, Hou Hanrou, who has assembled a series of shows exploring rapidly growing and changing Asian cities, puts the artworld interest clearly: These new global cities represent the erection of new economic, cultural, and even political powers which are bringing about a new world order and new visions for the planet. What is the most important thing is that with their own speciﬁc legacies, these cities become new and original spaces in which new visions and understandings of Modernity, and new possibilities of ‘Utopian/ dystopian’ imagination, can be elaborated and reinvented. Such shows are, then, cultural elaboration of new economic and political powers. One example would be the Istanbul Biennial, which is part of the Turkish government’s effort to assure the 25 New world order The extraordinary proliferation of biennales is driven by the same forces that have caused new museums to spring up like mushrooms, and old ones to expand and rebuild. Governments are well aware that cities increasingly compete globally against one another for investment, the location of company headquarters, and tourism. The most successful cities must secure, along with economic dynamism, a wide variety of cultural and sporting ﬁxtures. The biennale is merely one arrow in any wouldbe global city’s quiver – or, as often, in one that aspires to that status – drawing in a particular class of tourist (some of them extremely wealthy) and hopefully entertaining those residents who have the power to leave. European Union that the nation conforms closely enough to secular and neoliberal standards to warrant membership. Another, the Havana Biennial, serves to give the Cuban government a more lenient and culturally openminded image by sanctioning dissent within this narrow frame. Contemporary Art The biennale has two further beneﬁts that mark it out from a fair of new technology or an important football match. First, despite all the academic naysaying from critics and theorists, in the public and civic eye art retains a kudos that transcends ordinary culture and entertainment, and gestures towards the universal. As such, it performs the same function for a city – with all its crude jostling for position in the global market – as a Picasso above the ﬁreplace does for a tobacco executive. Second, it not only embodies but actively propagandizes the virtues of globalization. There are circumstances in which the uses of biennales come up against the ideals they are supposed to embody. The Johannesburg Biennale was established in 1995, not long after the ﬁrst free elections were held in South Africa in 1994. The idea was to reconnect South Africa with the cultural world after years of boycott. For the ﬁrst Biennale a large and very diverse series of exhibitions was mounted in an attempt to portray Johannesburg as a fully formed global city. Local artists who would have presented a troubled view of the nation were generally excluded, and many thought that the Biennale presented a dubiously positive picture of South African society. While the Biennale included South African curators, it was much criticized by locals for being an alien incursion into an otherwise deprived and divided region that was in no way ready for it. Thomas McEvilley, among others, was astonished to see that the event had apparently been boycotted by much of the black community, repulsed by the sycophantic courting of the international art world. In 1998, the second Biennale – curated by Okwui Enwezor and an international team on the theme Trade Routes: History and 26 What caused this failure? Jen Budney argues that the Biennale was trying to appeal to a middleclass audience (either white or a then small black segment) which had little interest in the cultural ideals of the exhibition. That the Biennale found it hard to attract a local audience is unsurprising, since many South African whites have maintained de facto segregation and are hardly receptive to a display of multicultural globalism, while the black elite have more immediate concerns; as for the rest of the population, the pact with the West which brought about the end of apartheid, purchased with a pledge to handle the economy in conformity with the usual global strictures and so condemn them to continued poverty, could not be celebrated without ambivalence. 27 New world order Geography – attempted to respond to the critique of the ﬁrst, being a political show that dealt with issues of race, colonization, and migration. Again, it was a thoroughly globalist endeavour, containing shows by curators such as Hou Hanrou and Gerardo Mosquera, though this time it stressed SouthtoSouth links. Despite the change in subjectmatter, and the rigorously theorized curation, in such a setting the very form of the Biennale seemed to work against its success. The ﬁnancial crisis of Johannesburg city council threatened and delayed the event. Again, local artists and critics complained that African production was sidelined in favour of a cosmopolitan concern with global hybridity, and that they were particularly disadvantaged by the attention devoted to media art in which few local artists had expertise, or the opportunity to acquire it. Furthermore, the standard forms of postconceptual art and lensbased art were seen as foisted on the local culture in a colonial manner, the result being inaccessible to local audiences and remote from their concerns. This perception was reinforced by the lack of advertising and education funds, again due to the city’s cash crisis. Foreign visitors to the Biennale felt shut in, given the dangers of the city outside, so in neither direction did the cultural exchange ﬂow as was intended. The Biennale attracted far fewer visitors than expected, and was closed down by the city council a month early. The city then announced it had no more funds for another. Even those events that are successful contain similar tensions. In Havana the Biennial has drawn large audiences to its displays of Cuban and Third World art. While the city’s general populace is far more educated than those in the South African shanty towns, it does not follow that they are any better served by their biennial, which seems to have been made primarily for foreigners. Numerous stories circulate of media works turned off after the opening, or of venues prematurely shut. Coco Fusco writes of the restructuring of Cuban art around foreign patronage at the Havana Biennial of 2000: Planeloads of American and European curators arrived... t... e shepherded to select studios and exclusive cocktail parties, and escorted to the main exhibition, an event that was far too expensive for most Cubans to attend. There, for a few hours, numerous video Contemporary Art projections and a few live events were activated strictly for foreign onlookers. When other visitors arrived in the days that followed they found few if any machines in operation. In his piece for the 2000 Havana Biennial, Santiago Sierra Invites You for a Drink, the artist made a barbed comment about the likely relations of power and exploitation between arttourists and natives by paying prostitutes to hide in boxes that had been set up as benches for the partygoers. Biennales tend to address the cosmopolitan art audience rather than the local population. Their structure was inherited from the model of the international art or trade show in which nations compete to push their most prominent cultural wares. While many biennales have moved away from the physical embodiment of this competition in national pavilions, the atmosphere of national rivalry sometimes remains. Furthermore, the curators of these shows, nomadic specialists, are creatures of the global art system. They do, of course, listen, consult, and induct local voices, but their very raison d’être and the environment in which they move is global and hybrid. In a critical analysis of the role of the globetrotting curator, Carol Becker writes: 28 Some who move through such an elite world of art, culture, writing, production and exhibition now seem to answer only to the art world. Even though the work seems to be socially motivated, the only real consequence of such critical effort is the degree to which the work is found acceptable, unacceptable or exceptional by the art world, measured by the reviews it receives – the quality of the paper trail it generates, and relatedly the sales it ultimately accomplishes. The ﬁltering of local material through the art system ultimately produces homogeneity. This system – not just the curation but the interests of all the bodies, private and public, that make up the alliances around which biennales are formed – tends to produce an art that speaks to international concerns. More speciﬁcally, it reinforces neoliberal values, especially those of the mobility of labour and the linked virtues of multiculturalism. 29 New world order 4. Santiago Sierra, 160 cm line tattooed on 4 people Contemporary Art One striking example was Alfredo Jarr’s work, One Million Finnish Passports, shown at the international art festival, ARS 95, at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Helsinki. Jarr made slightly altered copies of a million Finnish passports and arranged them in an impressive block, reminiscent of minimalist constructions, behind a security screen. The passports stood for all those that would have been granted to migrants had the Finnish government permitted immigration at the rate of the rest of Europe. On the insistence of the Finnish immigration authorities, Jarr’s piece was later destroyed. This work was typical of globalized art production in many ways. It both used literally local material and the cosmopolitan language of contemporary art; it responded to and commented on local political issues. In doing so it took the side of the interests of global capital over that of local concerns, for the message of the work was that people’s right to resettle must override any national determination, even one democratically arrived at, to protect homogeneity and social cohesion. We will return to this issue, and to the homogenizing effect of the global art system, but in stressing ﬁrst its variety, I want to take two pairs of contrasting cases: the different kinds of work produced by the shock of exposure to neoliberal economic forces, in Russia and Scandinavia; and then work from two nations that have retained Communist governments, China and Cuba. Russia and Scandinavia In the 1990s, both Russia and Scandinavia were newly exposed to extreme market pressures. In Russia neoliberal economists from the West advised the government that a swift, sharp exposure to the market – ‘shock therapy’ – would prove painful in the short term but would produce rapid enrichment. A tiny number of Russians have become fabulously wealthy but the results for the nation as a whole were catastrophic, with the collapse of the most basic services, 30 rampant crime, plunging life expectancy, and widespread destitution. Out of this disaster, art from Russia and the former Soviet republics has come to wide attention. Fragments of social degradation are served up for the delectation of audiences in the West. The ‘real’ is at a premium here, through documentary ﬁlm and photography, performance and installation. The presentation of such raw elements of the real is related to trauma (as one would expect from Hal Foster’s inﬂuential account of the art of the 1990s, The Return of the Real ), particularly the collectively registered impact of economic shock therapy. 5. Boris Mikhailov, At Dusk Series 31 New world order Boris Mikhailov has made a series of photographs in which he pays homeless people to pose and expose themselves for the camera, highlighting the oppression contained in the offer of the body for money (in this he is close to the work of Santiago Sierra, who also pays people to undergo various humiliations and exposures). In By the Ground (1991) and At Dusk (1993) he simulates the look of photographs of the early twentieth century, depicting life on Ukrainian streets; he again focuses on the many streetdwellers, but also on those who may have homes but barely manage to subsist. Contemporary Art Subjectmatter as well as style evoke the preRevolutionary era. Here is an effective visual analogue to the feeling that many have in postSoviet society of history and progress being thrown into reverse, as the capitalism that was supposed to transport them into a privileged consumer present instead produced a layering of timeframes, pushing the majority back to the deadly penury of Czarist times. Sergei Bugaev Afrika represented Russia at the 1999 Venice Biennale with an installation called MIR: Made in the Twentieth Century. I saw this highly ambitious multimedia piece at an opening in New York, where the ﬂoors and walls of the gallery had been covered in tin tiles that bore propaganda photographs of Soviet life, which again were printed to look as if they were many decades old. The metal buckled when walked over, and the photographs had the air of childish illustrations found on biscuit tins. In the centre of the room was a large metal globe encasing a video of a man tied to an electrical device, crying out and biting on a strap in pain. The ﬁlm appeared to be found footage, but that can be 6. Sergei Bugaev Afrika, MIR, Made in the Twentieth Century 32 faked; my immediate response to the piece, seen in a commercial gallery, was to think that it was a performance. The video had in fact been copied from a documentary ﬁlm of someone forced to undergo electroshock therapy, and what we, a polite crowd, booze in hand, were seeing was the spectacle of a mind’s ruination. Afrika’s piece sought to align psychological and social trauma, to reveal the painful and brutal repression that underlay the system that represented itself with such benevolence and heroism in its photography, and to throw those old and potentially nostalgic depictions against the destruction of memory. The appeal of such work for Western audiences is clear enough: an exotic brew of burgeoning capitalism (with its robber barons and swashbucklers or, otherwise put, largescale swindlers and murderers), and of the sudden birth of a white European Third World; of the romance of a crumbling ‘evil’ Empire and a fallen enemy (entertaining for liberals and conservatives, alike); and of an ideology passed into history. Russianness, which now encompasses all this, plays best when overtly displayed. What it is harder for Western audiences to grasp, perhaps, is how these works do not necessarily plot the exotic otherness of the Slavic soul, or even Soviet history, but refer instead to a capitalist present. Mikhailov’s work is about nothing other than the effects 33 New world order To further controversy, Afrika went on to make a work based on documentary ﬁlm of the slaughter of a Russian patrol by Chechen rebels. These two examples are indicative of the premium that postSoviet reality holds in the Western art world. It may be found in photography and ﬁlm, with all the old postmodern lessons about representation dimly remembered, but even so taken as real. Or it may be acted out in expressive performance, as in Oleg Kulik’s Dog in which the naked artist assaults his audience, trying to bite them, a humanturneddog, in an apparently authentic acting out of Russian abjection and degradation. Contemporary Art of an unrestrained capitalism in which everything is for sale. Kulik’s Dog is surely an update of Bulgakov’s tale, The Heart of a Dog, in which a dog is surgically altered to take on human form and thrives, because of his base instincts, in Soviet society of the 1920s. Yet the society that Bulgakov dissected was in tactical retreat from an attempt to foment fully revolutionary communism and was using freemarket measures to stimulate the economy temporarily; in the period of the ‘New Economic Policy’ a class of nouveauxriches sprang up, ﬂaunting their often dubiously acquired wealth. It was, in other words, a milder version of Russia today. In contrast, in the 1990s Scandinavia’s efﬁcient socialdemocratic economies were suddenly forced in a neoliberal direction through the deregulation of ﬁnancial markets and the abandonment of foreign exchange controls. The process was made worse by the recession of the early 1990s, which forced Scandinavian governments partially to dismantle the social programmes for health and welfare their citizens had long taken for granted. Unemployment, an unwelcome novelty, rose as manufacturing industry collapsed. Mass immigration began to transform what had been quite enclosed and homogeneous societies. In Scandinavia, as elsewhere, modernism and social democracy had been strongly associated. Just as social democracy had long survived the rightwing and neoliberal forces that affected much of the rest of the world from the late 1970s onwards, in the Scandinavian art world a clean, constructivist modernism also survived. The recession and its consequences led to a shift in the role of art from utilitarian design and the creation of utopianconstructivist projects to overt critique. Socialdemocratic governments had ﬁnancially supported the arts, making artists insiders, in a way that was hard to deny, as many did elsewhere. This continued into neoliberal times, even as artists struck up antisocial poses. A collection of Scandinavian artists’ writings – tartly entitled We Are All Normal (and We Want Our Freedom) – 34 contains a passage that puts the matter well: ‘The artist seems to act as indicator for the degree of freedom in Scandinavian society, and as much as the artist refuses society – as the traditional role of the artist – the more he afﬁrms it.’ That critique, which the new system requires, closely conforms to the liberal rhetoric that accompanies neoliberalism. Local or national resistances to neoliberal economy and society achieve little cultural expression in the global art world, and this raises the suspicion that art may have played an (admittedly minor) role in propagandizing, not merely identity politics, but neoliberalism itself. The universal modernist ‘Man’ of basic needs has splintered into the shards of competing interests and antagonistic identities. Miriam Bäckström has photographed show interiors at the Ikea Corporate 35 New world order The collision of those wellprotected societies with hard economic forces produced a bright and variegated shower of neverbeforeseen cultural particles. As a result, contemporary Scandinavian art came to global attention, along with its music and cinema. The consequences of the new situation were plainly seen in the exhibition Organising Freedom: Nordic Art of the ’90s in 2000. As the exhibition’s curator, David Elliott, states in the catalogue, these artists ‘seem seriously pissed off’ about something, and they have issues with (among other things) rational architecture, utopian dreams, idealism, and social engineering. Jakob Kolding uses constructivist forms in his collages, pitching old, radical visions of extreme disorientation (as found in the Russian revolutionary avantgarde) against the politely regulated architecture and social planning that were its Scandinavian progeny. Kolding was brought up in one of Copenhagen’s model suburbs in which everything was safely pedestrianized, and shops, schools, nurseries, and clinics were close to hand. This, we are meant to assume, is a terrible fate, and doubtless it must be until these facilities are closed. Contemporary Art Museum, a series of cramped and sterile spaces. Ikea’s mission is a modernist, egalitarian, and democratizing one: the rational, economic, and gradual improvement of domestic space. Bäckström, like many other contemporary Scandinavian artists, views the effect of modernism as claustrophobic. It is easy to imagine the ideal absent inhabitants of these interiors, contented, measured rational characters at home with homogeneity. Artists, by contrast, expose the underbelly of that rational culture with relish, highlight the problems surrounding the ingress of immigrants from other cultures, and celebrate the claims of the many strands of identity politics. Bjarne Melgaard, an artist whose work deals with gay sexuality, took a trip to Tahiti and once there masturbated over Gauguin’s grave. The spectre of modernism haunts Scandinavia (so little time having passed since the funeral) and requires continual exorcism. Many artists are still busy hammering down the lid. Nevertheless, the route down which these social democracies are moving is clear enough, judging by the conditions of democratic life elsewhere. Måns Wrange’s project The Average Citizen examines the new conditions in which power has shifted from a politically constituted public to those who professionally manipulate public opinion and the political process. It takes the concept of the average citizen as modelled by the Swedish welfare state and, having identiﬁed one such statistically average person and questioned her about her political opinions, has used professional tools including lobbyists to advance her interests. Her views have reached the public in political speeches and through the mass media. Polls are used to test the efﬁcacy of these strategies, and one of the most effective interventions was made by putting her opinions into the mouth of a character on a popular TV series. This acidly amusing work places the change in public life under examination, mocking both the old attachment to the human mean, and the corruption of the new system. It further suggests that the fragmentation of the social body under the pressures of economic recession and cultural 36 divergence has played a part in opening politics to the manipulation of competing groups, the most powerful of which are moneyed. The next day there was a news conference at which I was called a fascist. No, my dear chaps, I don’t agree. At this exhibition I was the only democrat who had openly declared his position and demonstrated his disagreement with the organizers. Radical democracy in action! Bang on simulation and neoliberal vulgarity! Cuba and China Art from Communist nations in the era of the new world order has a different appeal than that from postCommunist states such as Russia. Cuba and China have up to now negotiated their survival in the new order in necessarily very different ways. In both nations, complex and various art forms are produced, and here I can only sketch in an account of a few examples that have been successful globally. 37 New world order David McNeill, in a ﬁne article about art and globalization, tells of a notorious incident at the exhibition Interpol held in Stockholm in 1996, which brought together young Swedish and Russian artists who were supposed to collaborate. As the show developed, artists of other nations were added, and Chinese artist Gu Wenda, without reference to any other artist, produced a tunnel laboriously woven of human hair. At the opening, Alexander Brener, a Russian performance artist, hacked the tunnel to pieces with a machete. Police were called who arrested Kulik, in dogmode trying to bite a child, though Brener escaped. While Gu Wenda saw the destruction of his work as Dadainspired frustration typical of a degenerate and chaotic Russia, Brener was provoked not only by what he saw as shabby treatment of the Eastern European contingent by Western curators but also by the diluting of the original concept into a typical global lovein. Here is his own statement about his action: Contemporary Art Diverse work that broke with the precepts of socialist realism began to be produced in China following the end of the Cultural Revolution, some bearing on religious themes, some fomenting a Marxist humanism, and some (from the late 1980s onwards) engaging with the new and fastgrowing consumer culture. Global interest was directed at Chinese art in the short term because of the massacre of dissidents in Tiananmen Square in June 1989, which led to a focus on artists who could be read as oppositional. Longterm worldwide attention was sustained by the extraordinary emergence of regulated markets in China and the rapid generation of great wealth and inequality; there was also (unlike in Russia) a marked average improvement in living standards for most people, and the creation of a vast pool of consumers. The artistic trends that followed these dramatic changes are plotted by Gao Minglu, who notes that by 1988, as capitalist development in China accelerated, those artists (including Wang Guangyi) who had been concerned with grand spiritual and humanistic themes tended to forget them in favour of more explicit social comment. Wang called for the enthusiasm for humanism to be liquidated, stating that art is created only to achieve success in the media world and in the market. One major element of this new work was a resurgence in representations of Mao, suitably reconﬁgured to ﬁt the new political and cultural climate. This was Mao seen through the lens of Pop Art, in an image simultaneously kitsch and nightmarish. The situation of Cuba is very different, of course, being a small island nation close to the hostile US which continues and even strengthens its trade embargo, and threatens worse. Relations with the exiled Cuban population are fractious and even dangerous: Gerardo Mosquera, a wellknown and important curator, historian, and critic of Latin American art, had an invitation to speak at the Miami Center for the Fine Arts in 1996 withdrawn, because the fact that he maintains a residence in Cuba made him unacceptable to the likely audience; the Cuban Museum of Art and Culture in Miami was twice bombed because it shows resident Cuban artists. 38 In another way, however, Cuba is well suited to the new globalized situation because of its ethnic and cultural mix, and relatively harmonious synthesis of African, European, and American elements. The initial reaction of the regime to the fall of Eastern European Communism, and the sudden cessation of Soviet subsidies, was a crackdown on artistic freedom: avantgarde shows were closed, the government minister who had sanctioned them was sacked, and Angel Delgado – who had publicly defecated on a copy of the ofﬁcial Communist Party newspaper, Granma – sent to jail. In response, most avantgarde artists who had emerged in the 1980s emigrated in the early 1990s. In Cuba the mass media remain under censorship, but artists are allowed limited freedom to criticize the regime. This is a legal formalization of the de facto structures in the West that ensure that the mass media foster political orthodoxy (this has long been the subject of analysis by Noam Chomsky), and as in Cuba politically radical art is most likely to get an airing at biennales. In both China and Cuba, capitalistcommunist hybrid propaganda art has been produced: one can compare the work of Wang Guangyi and José Angel Toirac, who produce images of Mao and Castro respectively, spliced with commercial advertising material. 39 New world order Since then, as Mosquera recounts, international scrutiny over human rights coupled with the revival of a market economy and the search for foreign investment have acted in favour of cultural openness. The 1990s generation of successful Cuban artists is the ﬁrst to have remained in Cuba, being allowed to travel and, importantly, to sell works for dollars, enabling many of them to live very well. A muted and negotiated criticism is permitted, and work is sometimes discussed with the censors. Mosquera writes: ‘the danger exists that this critical element may become stereotyped as an attractive trait for exportation. Political criticism has become a selling point for foreign galleries and collectors’. 7. José Angel Toirac, Obsession, from the series ‘Tiempos Nuevos’ The image of Castro turned up in Pop representations, just as Mao did in China. José Angel Toirac had Castro appear in a Calvin Klein Obsession ad, the obsession here being the US determination to remove him. When a cigarettesmoking Castro crops up riding a horse in Toirac’s Marlboro ad, it becomes evident what compact is signalled by the title of the series, Tiempos Nuevos, or New Times. He has also reworked famous documentary photographs of the Revolution using his friends, and playing up the rhetorical quality of the originals. There are other similarities. The critic Li Xianting described the new avantgarde as ‘antirationalistic and antiidealistic, against metaphysics and heroism’, and thus as postmodern. Likewise in Cuba, Eugenio Valdés Figueroa cites the manifestolike statement of an alternative Havana artspace, Espacio Aglutinador: The possibilities for error are inﬁnite. If there is anything that AGLUTINADOR avoids like the plague it is coherence, that boring and nauseating ‘goodness’ of the conscience. 41 New world order Such parallels should not be surprising, for both the Chinese and the Cuban governments have relaxed their hold on their economies, permitting limited private enterprise; they have necessarily changed their rhetoric in the process, allowing competing models of commercial publicity to creep in. So both populations are assailed with state and corporate propaganda, each striving to convince them of the singularity of their products. In the West these works play sweetly both as registers of the decline of once fearsome enemies and ideologies to the level of mere image, and as examples of cultural hybridization. This relaxed attitude towards actually existing Communism allows the incorporation of its symbols into contemporary culture with no more frisson of danger than the appearance of Che Guevara’s head on a Tshirt. Contemporary Art 8. Wang Guangyi, Great Capitalism Series: Coca Cola Works such as Tania Bruguera’s feminized Tatlin gliders – which render Russian Constructivism in delicate, gauzy materials – are just one example of that abjuring of coherence. They bring two sets of opposing terms into a single sculptural form, marrying masculine and feminine, engineering and dressmaking, utopian construction and bricolage in a compact that reﬂects critically on each of the terms. As is conventional in contemporary art, no synthesis or resolution is on offer. In both nations, the most successful work on the global scene acts out overt Chineseness or Cubanismó for a Western audience. With 42 much prominent Cuban production, for example in the work of Kcho and Los Carpinteros, there is a strong element of lowtech production, of creative invention with gleaned materials, and the use of old craft skills. This is partly no doubt out of necessity, but is also a meeting of Western expectations about Cuba. Two of China’s most effective exports, Gu Wenda and Xu Bing (now both living in New York) take as their main medium of expression Chinese calligraphy. More generally, the criteria for inclusion are quite obvious – work should reﬂect Chinese conditions that are well known and of concern in the West: political repression, economic growth and consumerism, the subjection of women, and the control of family size. These overtly ‘Chinese’ concerns should be expressed in recognizably contemporary Western modes to produce a manifestly hybrid object. By contrast, we can look at two global successes, Xu Bing from China and Kcho from Cuba, whose work is representative of what is 43 New world order This was made very apparent to me on seeing a selection from the Ninth Chinese National Art Exhibition shown in Hong Kong in 2002. The painting section of this show was a large, impressive display of socialistrealist depictions of contemporary Chinese life, painted in a wide variety of styles, and often technically very accomplished. Some work, such as Wang Hongjian’s melancholy painting of migrant labourers waiting for transport home in the moonlight, spoke directly and eloquently of people’s experiences in a rapidly changing society. Other pieces, such as Zheng Yi’s portrait of broadly smiling rural folk in the sunshine, seemed (to my eyes) hopelessly kitsch – Plain Souls Burn Bright is not a title you would get away with ironyfree in London or New York. Lacking the required Western references (there were many, in fact, but to older styles, including impressionism) and the appearance of uselessness, since they all had some propaganda function, such works were genuinely different from Western productions and therefore invisible to the global art system. Contemporary Art looked for in such art. Xu Bing, a staple of the biennales, became celebrated for a work he showed in Beijing in 1988, Book from the Sky. This was an extraordinarily labourintensive fabrication of 1250 invented characters, derived from the elements of Chinese ideograms but meaning nothing. These characters were used to create large, impressive installations of scrolls and books, presenting Chinese readers with the appearance of great expanses of meaningful text, all of it obdurately unreadable. It is an ongoing project, changing as it is installed in different venues, adopting computer technology and spawning collectors’ books. The work proved extremely controversial in China, where it was both attacked and defended, and it became associated with the avantgarde production put under pressure by the authorities following the Tiananmen massacre. Xu Bing himself, cited by Stanley K. Abe, 9. Xu Bing, A Book from the Sky 44 said of the work’s noisy public reception, following the long period of solitude during which he had made it: Handing one’s work to society is just like driving living animals into a slaughterhouse. The work no longer belongs to me: it has become the property of all the people who have touched it. It is now concrete and ﬁlthy. Gao Minglu has put the matter of misreading forcefully, writing of how critical avantgarde activity gave way to a pragmatic neoavant garde that strives to transcend the local in favour of acceptance in the international arena. This shift is largely a product of postCold War external pressures, but there is a persistent tendency in the West to ignore this transition and read contemporary Chinese art from a Cold War ideological perspective. He goes on to argue that much of this socalled ‘avant garde’ is complicit with the promotion of consumer culture in China (its attraction to Pop Art, then, being no accident), and that what may seem vanguardist when seen from outside China can look reactionary from inside. Pitched against this globally marketable art is what Gao calls ‘apartment art’, shown in private spaces or in the street, and comprised of ephemeral and unsaleable works. An 45 New world order In a remarkable article, Abe charted the various readings of Book from the Sky. Once exported from China, the work changed profoundly, for most of the new audience could not attempt to read the characters or sense their strange familiarity. When it was seen in the US, it was only through the lens of Tiananmen, as an allegory of good (individual expression) versus evil (oriental despotism). Xu Bing did not sanction these readings but neither did he reject them. In any case, as the reading broadened out from the concern with Tiananmen, it was only ever read as a critique of Chinese traditions, institutions, and history, and never, for example, as a general comment on meaning as such. Contemporary Art example was Wang Jin’s extraordinary ice wall made outside a major new mall in Zhengzhou City in 1996. Embedded in the ice were many luxury consumer items which the public took to digging out however they could, ﬁnally destroying the wall. Kcho makes sculptural pieces, mostly from wood, typically comprising stacks of elements that are reminiscent of the frames of small boats. He achieved very rapid success after showing at the Havana Biennial in 1994 and the Kwangju Biennale the following year. He acquired a contract with a prominent New York gallery, Barbara Gladstone, and the Museum of Modern Art bought a large sculpture, Inﬁnite Column I, in the year it was made, 1996. This piece was one of Kcho’s makeshift boat skeletons, sculpturally spliced with references to European modernism (in this case, Brancusi’s Endless Column of 1938), which clearly refer to the tragic attempts at exodus of Cubans following a US declaration 10. Kcho, Speaking of the Obvious Was Never a Pleasure for Us 46 that all who made it to their shores would be accepted as citizens. As with Xu Bing, a manifestly national subject, rendered with an artisan’s skill, is framed within an acceptable contemporary art format. In much prominent global art, identities parade for the entertainment of cosmopolitan viewers. Features of cultural mixing, irony, and the overt performance of identity are comforting to the Western eye, which (as Slavoj Z̆ižek controversially argues) is only secure with otherness as long as it is not really other. The results have been well summarized by Fusco: that globalization has transformed the art world, along with the management of racial and cultural difference, to follow the model of corporate internationalism. Visibility in the realm of culture is no guarantee of political power, and the increasing privatization of museums and galleries erodes the inﬂuence that once might have ﬂowed from that visibility. Instead, diversity is normalized while its critical content is sidestepped. The point can be made most literally by looking at the 47 New world order Much of this art, while it draws on the resonance of political issues, takes no stand, and is characterized by ironic or mute politics. Coco Fusco, in an article for the archly cool art magazine Frieze (and reprinted in her book, The Bodies That Were Not Ours), tried to put the politics back into Kcho’s work, particularly by looking at its use by the authorities in the Havana Biennial. For such cheek in analysing a new darling of the market she received threats, and the magazine had to deal with complaints from Kcho’s dealers. It says much about the level of art writing in such magazines – and the degree to which powerful dealers and art institutions ensure servile ‘criticism’ – that such an article should stand out so dramatically from the critical landscape. There is generally little need for threats and complaints, of course, since most writers censor themselves. As the scurrilous art magazine, Coagula, points out, this is particularly pathetic behaviour on the part of writers because (with very few exceptions) they make little money out of the scene. Contemporary Art migrations of the artists themselves: their origins may be diverse, but so many – and by no means just those who have ﬂed states with legal censorship – end up living in New York, the great art vortex. Thus multiplicity produces homogeneity, as all encounter the sanctioning of the marketplace. Yet much of this art, despite its dubious attractions in the West, does say fascinating things, and does work at a level of intensity and engagement very rarely found in comfortable and settled societies. Writing of theory, Fredric Jameson has convincingly argued that the most systematic works are produced in circumstances where, due to combined and uneven development, thinkers are faced with extreme contrasts of scene, as if they lived in an environment where it is possible to step from one historical era to another. Peasants in paddy ﬁelds may raise their eyes from their labour to glimpse a new neighbour, a highrise postmodern ofﬁce complex. This, argues Jameson, fosters systematic and totalizing thinking about historical change. With art, there is no expectation of such systematic qualities, but those circumstances do have an effect, particularly in thinking beyond the ubiquity of consumer culture. Equally, one would expect the ﬂattest, most fragmentary, and most defeatist art to be produced in the oldest and wealthiest neoliberal economies, particularly the US and UK – and indeed, as we shall see in the next chapter, it is. What has been brieﬂy examined here is not the full panoply of global art production, which is very various and produced for many complex and diverse local conditions, but rather what is ﬁltered through the art world system to international prominence. While that may be produced for the most part with a global art elite in mind, the art world is leaky; despite the hegemony of the US, and lockhold of the professionals, its products have a wider resonance among a diverse audience, many of whom continue to hold to the utopian belief that art carries a wider message. For them, it may offer various, and sometimes even radicalizing, experiences. 48 What I have sketched out here is the idea that the muchtrumpeted diversity of the globalized art world may conceal other, newer uniformities. Just as capitalism as a world system stepped out from behind the cloak of its defeated opponent after 1989 and, in its rapid transformation, was revealed as the rapacious, inexorable system that it is, so it may be with the art world. The end of its use as a tool in the prosecution of the Cold War has made clear what had already been in development: its core function as a propagandist of neoliberal values. New world order 49 Chapter 3 Consuming culture 11. Takashi Murakami, Hiropon 50 If the economic expression of neoliberalism is sharper inequality, and its political expression deregulation and privatization, then its cultural expression is surely unrestrained consumerism. While the ‘new world order’ caused the art world to refashion itself by globalizing its operations, in the developed world art came under intensifying pressure from its old rival and partner, mass culture. Since at least the early years of the twentieth century, with the invention of cinema, the phonograph, and radio, the two have been entwined in an unequal dance, mass culture generally leading. It is an old worry, found in modernism as well as in postmodernism, though in different forms. Fernand Léger stood before the machine exhibits of the Paris Fair in 1924, marvelling at how such immaculate productions outshone the poor, selfconscious efforts of artists. The argument that art is no longer possible because the world of products is saturated with aesthetics is the postmodern variant of the same anxiety; a modernist dream of the merging of art and life has apparently been realized, though less in synthesis than the surrender of the weaker party. While the issue of art’s separation from or mergence with commodity culture has a long history, during the 1990s there was an intensiﬁcation of the forces involved, many of them old features of capitalism, that contributed to the dominance of a triumphant consumer culture not just over art but over all other cultural production. Commodities seemed to become even less like functional objects and more like evanescent cultural moves within a 51 Consuming culture Contemporary artists tend to handle the issue of consumer culture with fascination and nervousness, and there is good reason for both reactions. Fascination, because consumerism appears to become ever more cultural, as much concerned with selling or merely displaying images, sounds, and words as it is with material things. Nervousness, because the engines of this production are so vast and lavishly funded, their output so strident and omnipresent. If commodities become cultural, what space is left for art? Contemporary Art sophisticated, selfreferential game. Brand names hopped between unrelated products, while advertising churned over reference, selfreference, and metareference in an accelerating devoural of old and new cultural attachments. The greatest proﬁts continued to be made not in industry but in services, data processing, and ﬁnance, and the success of those sectors was most associated with the neoliberal economies, particularly the US. In the West this change had been felt as early as the mid1970s but the 1990s saw the collapse of alternative models, not only in Eastern Europe but also in the great industrial economies, Germany and Japan, which both suffered stagnation and decline. Continental Europe moved to embrace the neoliberal model, sugarcoated though it was through much of the midand late 1990s with nominally socialdemocratic governance. Like commodiﬁcation itself, the neoliberal model widened its ambit and deepened its hold. We have seen that in some of these territories (including Scandinavia), which recession had newly opened to unrestrained and corrosive market forces, art served as an agent of neoliberalism, trampling over the comforting if suffocating amenities of social democracy, and giving expression to the liberated concerns of identity politics, consumerism, vulgarity, and pleasure in the degraded. Such works served as useful, if minor, allies of privatization and the colonizing force of commodiﬁcation. The parallels between the orthodoxies of postmodernism and the free market ethos have often been drawn out. Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri, in their inﬂuential book Empire, put the matter well: The ideology of the world market has always been the antifoundational and antiessentialist discourse par excellence. Circulation, mobility, diversity and mixture are its very conditions of possibility. Trade brings differences together and the more the merrier! Differences (of commodities, populations, cultures, and so forth) seem to multiply inﬁnitely in the world market, which attacks 52 nothing more violently than ﬁxed boundaries; it overwhelms any binary division with its inﬁnite multiplicities. This is no coincidental similarity, but rather (as Fredric Jameson pointed out in his foundational essay on postmodernism) a functional relation: an aesthetic component is integrated into the general production of consumer goods, which are altered at the ever greater tempo of fashion. The companies that produce such items ﬁnancially support their researchandrecycling arm, the arts. Martha Rosler describes the situation in writing about the current, expensive trend in highproduction video art: ‘Nothing could better suit the consciousness industry than to have artists playing about its edges embroidering its forms and quite literally developing new strategies for ads and graphics.’ Corporate culture has thoroughly assimilated the discourse of a tamed postmodernism. As in mass culture, art’s very lack of convention has become entirely conventional. Ubiquitous and insistent voices urge consumers to express themselves, be creative, be different, break the rules, stand out from the crowd, even rebel, but these are no longer the words of radical agitators but of business. The writers of the US magazine of cultural analysis The Bafﬂer vividly describe the extent and standardization of these injunctions. Their wonderfully condensed example of this imperative is William Burroughs’ appearance in an advert for Nike. Much in the art world since 1990 has offered a selfconscious acting out of those radical virtues purloined by corporate culture. Postmodern theory itself, as it moved from being an account of a 53 Consuming culture Art may be imagined as consumerism’s dreaming, playfully recombining the elements of mass culture in promiscuous assemblages, and along the way happening upon items of use. In recombining and storing what has gone out of use, art may also serve a similar purpose to ‘junk’ DNA, which is believed to hold obsolete sequences in reserve in case they should be needed again. Contemporary Art potential utopia or dystopia to being a ﬂat description of an existing reality, lost its critical and ethical force. In its reduced state, consumerism and the supposed empowerment of the shopper were central to postmodernism’s disquisitions. While in the 1990s postmodern theory was buffeted by attacks on its internal absurdities and its browbeating of readers with meaningless scientiﬁc jargon (highlighted in the Sokal affair), in much of the academic art world, at least, it was less replaced than lost sight of by its acceptance as the unargued background out of which statements about art were made. Much postmodern theory insisted that simulation had so thoroughly saturated world and thought that there was no telling where representation ended and reality began. Yet the ghostly, apparently immaterial character of the contemporary commodity goes handinhand with the rise of neoliberalism. This militant form of capitalism was made possible by farreaching technological changes, particularly in computer communications, that made the exchange of information cheap, quick, and simple. As Dan Schiller has recounted in Digital Capitalism, the building of vast computer networking infrastructures was driven by proﬁteering on the privatization of publicly owned telecommunications industries. The digitization of data could turn previously free information (for instance, in libraries) into commodities, in an enclosure of data commons. Another striking development tended to make the commodity appear less material: branding achieved greater importance throughout the 1990s as corporations spent the money that they had saved on outsourcing production on polishing their own images. Naomi Klein argues in her justly renowned book No Logo that, as production was exported to lowwage economies, so the link between the consumers of a product and its makers was sundered. The brand was elevated in compensation, ﬂoating free of mere products, to become an allegorical character, a reliable embodiment of particular combinations of virtues or admirable 54 vices. Sometimes, as with Ronald McDonald, it solidiﬁed into an animated ﬁgure. As a result, art and business have been drawing nearer to each other. On going to the links page of veteran conceptual artist Claude Closky’s website, the viewer is presented with an alphabetical list of dotcom sites composed of familiar names, a roll call of contemporary art stars: it begins adams, akerman, alys, amer, andre, araki. All the links are in fact to company sites, so clicking on www.billingham.com, for example, takes you to a site selling camera bags. The range of products and services brought together that share artists’ names forms a curious little database, and the work encourages the user to think about artists’ names as brands, and about the .com character of their work............... 
