Beyond Belief Fact or Fiction Super Human Beyond Belief - Fact or Fiction is an American television anthology series created by Lynn Lehmann, presented by Dick Clark Productions, and produced and aired by the Fox network from 1997 to 2002. The viewer was offered the challenge of determining which are true and which are false. At the end of the show, it was revealed to the viewer whether the tales were true or works of fiction. The series was hosted by James Brolin in season one and by Jonathan Frakes in seasons two, three and four. The show was narrated by Don LaFontaine for the first three seasons and by Campbell Lane for the fourth and final season. The show is now streaming on Amazon, Netflix and on tv.com. Super human qualities are qualities that exceed those found in humans. Super human abilities are found in some fictional characters, especially as superheroes in American comic books and Marvel movies. Fictional characters have been portrayed as having psychic abilities, flying abilities, impossible strength, or exceptional proficiency beyond human capability. Super human can also mean something that is not human, but considered to be "superior" to humans in some way, e.g. a tiger may be described as having "superhuman strength". Superhuman abilities may result from human enhancement by genetic modification, cybernetic implants, nanotechnology, radiation or from human evolution in the future. If you search Google and Youtube you will find many pictures and videos with real live people who have some superhuman ability. It's human nature to try and discover these super human qualities and Hollywood has the profound effect on expanding the horizons as well as the consciousness of millions of people and produce Superhuman movies like the XMen , SpiderMan , Magneto, Captain America , The Matrix , The Terminator, Minority Report, Avatar, Transcendence , The Machine , Phenomenon , Lucy, The Avengers ,Betman , Ready Player One , Wolverine, Hulk, Thor, Iron Man, Deadpool, Black Panther, Daredevil, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and the Fantastic Four.. Are all produced by artificial and natural selection and by genetic engineering. Thus science has made tremendous progress and with new discoveries in genetics and neuroscience will confirm finally that humans indeed do possess superhuman abilities. 