A Very Short Introduction to Everything

‘these Very Short Introductions have a style and integrity all of their own’

Scotsman
‘a thoroughly good idea. Snappy . . . stylish . . .
perfect to pop in your pocket’
Lisa Jardine, The Times
‘always invigorating’ Boyd Tonkin,
Independent on Sunday
‘interesting, informative and concise . . . They will broaden your studies,
widen your knowledge and maybe give you a chance of winning those pub
quizzes once in a while!’
The Beaver, LSE
‘a very good idea’
Guardian
‘attractively packaged and, . . . attractively priced . . . can be read in a
couple of evenings but repay further study.’
The Philosopher’s Review

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 250 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES
Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves

JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller

POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone

SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANTISEMITISM Steven Beller
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHILD DEVELOPMENT
Richard Grifﬁn
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EXISTENTIALISM
Thomas Flynn

THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HUMAN MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

EVERYTHING
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© the individual contributors, 2006
The moral rights of the authors have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2003
Revised and updated 2006
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printing in China by Imago
ISBN 0–19–920819–0

978–0–19–920819–7

1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2

Contents

A very short history

1

1

How on earth did we get here?

2

Introduced by Philip Ball

2

There’s more to us than meets the eye 20
Introduced by Simon Blackburn

3

What can the past tell us? 39
Introduced by Mary Beard

4

Are there any good guys? 51
Introduced by Stephen Howe

5

Heaven and Hell

82

Introduced by Damien Keown

6

Expressing ourselves

95

Introduced by Catherine Belsey

7

Are we all mad? 116
Introduced by Dylan Evans

List of illustrations

1

Galileo’s presentation of
the Copernican
universe
4

5 Cartoon, an
archaeologists’
argument

Reproduced from Roger Hoskin:
The Cambridge Concise History
of Astronomy

Simon James

2 The earth as seen
from space

9

43

6 Mummiﬁed body of a
man, found at Lindow,
Cheshire
46
© British Museum

Freestockphotos.com

3 Atomic explosion

19

Freestockphotos.com

4 ‘Philosophy class’
cartoon
© Punch

25

7 Metternich
Stela

48

8 The Parthenon

96

© Michael Holford

9 Literary theory
cartoon

99

Anthony Haden-Guest

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Very Short Introductions:
A Very Short History
The Very Short Introductions series is phenomenally successful,
enjoying widespread critical acclaim. Perfect for train journeys,
holidays, and as a quick catch-up for busy people who want something
intellectually stimulating, the carefully selected authors combine
authoritative analysis, new ideas, and enthusiasm to provide much
more than a straightforward introduction to each topic.
These vibrant and accessible books can change the way you think about
the things that interest you, and are the perfect introduction to subjects
you previously knew nothing about. From a lucid explanation of the
essential issues in Islam to a lively insight into the complex theory of
Poststructuralism, and a non-technical assessment of the very matter
that makes up the universe in Cosmology, Very Short Introductions
make often challenging topics highly readable and have proven to be
extremely popular with general readers, as well as undergraduate
students and their lecturers.
The series was originally launched in 1995 with the ﬁrst title, Classics: A
Very Short Introduction, and has quickly grown to become the
general introduction series for the intelligent reader worldwide, being
translated into over 20 languages. It will expand into a library of
around 250 titles covering a wide range of key topics, from The Brain to
Ancient Egypt, Music to Buddhist Ethics, in subject areas such as
history, philosophy, science, religion, politics, and the arts.
2006 sees the publication of the 150th title in the series, The Roman
Empire. This collection – Everything, A Very Short Introduction – has
been put together to give you a taste of the series, with articles by seven
of the authors on their subject area, as well as snapshots of each title.
1

Chapter 1
How on earth
did we get here?
Introduction

Philip Ball

In 1638 two men met in a villa in Arcetri, near Florence. One was a
precocious thirty-year-old Englishman, the other an ageing and
grey-bearded Italian natural philosopher. Under house arrest by
order of the Roman Church, Galileo was used to receiving visitors
curious about his astronomical theory, and his young guest may
have left little impression. But John Milton did not forget the
meeting.
When twenty years later Milton began his most famous work, the
epic poem Paradise Lost, the memory of Galileo must have haunted
him. He had been appalled by the unjust treatment meted out to the
sage of Pisa, and in his passionate defence of the freedom of speech,
Areopagitica (1644), he had described how Galileo’s imprisonment
by the Inquisition ‘for thinking in Astronomy otherwise than the
Franciscan and Dominican licensers thought’ had ‘damped the
glory of Italian wits’. Yet what is the universe of Paradise Lost but
the conventional hierarchical cosmos of Ptolemy, endorsed by
Christian theologians, with the heavens above and hell below a
static earth?
Samuel Johnson criticized Paradise Lost for its ‘harsh and
barbarous’ prose, but it is hard today not to feel more critical of
Milton’s decision to ignore Galileo’s science. Perhaps he felt
justiﬁed in taking poetic licence, retaining a stage design that ﬁtted
his narrative. But Galileo’s universe, with the sun at its centre and
2

the earth a mere planet in motion, probably left him deeply
discomforted too. Certainly that seems to have been John Donne’s
feeling in 1611:
And new Philosophy calls all in doubt,
The Element of ﬁre is quite put out;
The Sun is lost, and th’earth, and no mans wit
Can well direct him where to looke for it.

Today we ﬁnd it intriguing and noteworthy when writers, poets, and
artists look for inspiration and metaphor in science. In the
17th century that was a perfectly normal and deeply serious
enterprise: John Donne, for all his misgivings, travelled to remote
Linz in Austria to visit Johannes Kepler.

In cosmological terms that lesson is still being learnt, while things
have gone on getting ever stranger. Even Albert Einstein found
himself misled by preconceptions when, in 1917, he fudged his
equations describing a mathematical model of the universe to make
it static and unchanging, as he though it should be. When, 12
years later, Edwin Hubble discovered that the universe is expanding,
Einstein admitted his ‘blunder’ – if he’d not been blinkered by
expectations, he’d have been able to predict Hubble’s ﬁnding.
That discovery, meanwhile, revised Galileo (and his predecessor
Nicolas Copernicus) once again. Astronomers had long since
3

How on earth did we get here?

Clearly, those of a literary or artistic persuasion did not always like
what they found in science; but that did not exempt them from the
obligation to be appraised of the metaphysical implications of new
discoveries. Milton’s dilemma exempliﬁes the tensions between (to
put it in stereotypical terms) the personal world-view of the artist
and the objective perspective of the scientist; for Milton realized,
even if he could not bring himself to articulate it, that things are not
always as they seem, or as people believe them to be – or indeed, as
we would like them to be.

displaced the sun from the centre of the universe: it is merely the
centre of our solar system, on the fringes of our galaxy, in an
undistinguished corner of an immeasurably vast cosmos. But now
this universe had a beginning. Play the Hubble expansion
backwards and all converges to a point: the eye of the Big Bang, as
maverick astronomer Fred Hoyle dismissively named this moment
of creation.

Everything

For astronomy, the post-Copernican era had been a voyage into
both revelation and ignorance. We know our place now; but the

1. Galileo’s presentation of the Copernican universe in his Dialogue.
Unlike in Copernicus’ representation, the earth is not alone in carrying
a satellite.
4

cosmos is as mysterious as ever, arguably even more so. We know
(or think we know) that most of the mass in the universe is
invisible to us, and of unknown and exotic nature. Thanks to
observations made over the past decade, we know (or think we
know) that the universe is not just expanding but accelerating,
seeming to imply that all of space is ﬁlled with some ‘dark energy’
that counteracts gravity and pushes everything apart. One
interpretation is that Einstein was right after all to add a fudge
factor (called the cosmological constant) to his equations – it was
no blunder. We know, in other words, not to be too certain about
anything.

Even the understanding of our own planet has been altered almost
beyond recognition in the past one hundred years. The ground on
which we stand, the archetype of solidity, has become a constantly
shifting mosaic thanks to the theory of continental drift introduced
(to much derision, if not exactly Galilean persecution) by Alfred
Wegener in the 1930s. The continental plates are merely a veneer,
riding on a mantle of hot, extremely viscous rock that churns in
great overturning rolls in the earth’s bowels, rearranging the face
of the planet over millions of years. In other words, not only our
cosmic maps but even our world maps are but snapshots, destined
one day for redundancy.
By the same token, we are forced to accept the contingency of our
climate, our seas, and our atmosphere. The ice ages, ﬁrst identiﬁed
by Swiss geologist Louis Agassiz in the 1830s, forced scientists to
take a dynamic view of the natural environment, culminating in the
5

How on earth did we get here?

Indeed, fundamental physics is more wide open a ﬁeld than it has
been for decades. At the scales of the very big and the very small our
ﬁnest theories are not only glaringly incomplete but inconsistent.
That is why Einstein himself now needs revising, although there is
nothing like a consensus about how to do it. String theory and its
rivals work beyond the horizons of what is readily testable, and so
remain as yet closer to abstract mathematics than to science.

Everything

‘astronomical theory’ of climate change due to Serbian
mathematician Milutin Milankovitch in the 1920s. Periodic
changes in the shape of the earth’s orbit around the sun lead to
‘Milankovitch cycles’ which, as they phase in and out of step with
one another, create a complex but predictable change in the
temperatures of the earth’s surface. Climate science has been one of
the most revolutionary of the earth sciences over the past two
decades, revealing natural processes that, riding on the back of the
orbital variations, can transform the global climate in a matter of
decades, melting the ice caps entirely or plunging the globe into
cold storage.
But surely nothing would have unsettled Milton and his
contemporaries as much as the discoveries of the past two centuries
in the life sciences. Milton’s Adam became ﬁrst the descendant of
an ape, as the Victorians crudely put it (that descent is still being
painstakingly traced from a sparse yet constantly surprising fossil
record), and then a ‘machine created by our genes’: an automaton at
the mercy of segments of the DNA molecule. This seems to be the
new frontier at which the debates between science, art, belief, and
society will unfold. Arguably this frontier now has its milestone,
comparable to Copernicus’s De revolutionibus or Darwin’s Origin of
Species: the (more or less) complete sequence of the human
genome, unveiled in 2001. (But let’s not forget that this was a
technological, not an intellectual, triumph.) Today questions about
how much of our personality and our health are determined by our
genetic inheritance, or how much of our personality and our health
are determined by our genetic inheritance, or how a web of neurons
becomes conscious of itself, seem to hold within them fundamental
clues about what it is to be human. We would surely all appreciate a
short introduction to that.

6

Cosmology

Peter Coles

What is it?

‘Buy and read this book even if you never thought you were
interested in cosmology. It is a masterpiece of lucidity.’

New Humanist

Particle Physics

Frank Close

The neutrino
Along with no electric charge, the neutrino has almost no mass and
goes through almost everything. Oblivious to the normal electrical
forces that act within bulk matter, neutrinos are hard to detect. It is
ﬁguratively the most nugatory of the particles.
The neutrino is the ﬁrst ‘fossil’ relic of the Big Bang, and a messenger
from the earliest processes in the universe. Neutrinos determine
how fast the universe is expanding, and may determine its ultimate
destiny. In stars like the Sun, they are essential in helping to cook the
heavy elements that are necessary for life. The Sun is powered by the
fusion of protons near its centre bumping into one another, joining
and building up the nuclei of helium. In doing so some protons
7

How on earth did we get here?

Cosmology is everything that exists. The entire system of things that
is the Universe encompasses the very large and the very small – the
astronomical scale of stars and galaxies and the microscopic world
of elementary particles. The aim of cosmology is to place all known
physical phenomena within a single coherent framework. This is an
ambitious goal, and signiﬁcant gaps in our knowledge still remain.
Nevertheless, there has been such rapid progress that many
cosmologists regard this as something of a ‘Golden Age’. An
emerging consensus about the form and distribution of matter and
energy in the Universe suggests that a complete understanding of it
all may be within reach. But if history tells us anything, it is that we
should expect surprises!

turn into neutrons by a form of beta radioactivity, and neutrinos are
emitted as this happens. The effect is enormous: neutrinos are
produced in the Sun at a rate of 2 × 1038 each second. That’s two
followed by 38 zeros; I cannot even imagine how to give an idea
of how huge that number is – it’s like the relative size of the whole
universe to the size of a single atom. These neutrinos ﬂy out into
space and many hit Earth. About 400 billion neutrinos from the
Sun pass through each one of us each second.

Everything

Neutrinos from the Sun ﬂy through matter almost unchecked, so as
many ﬂy up through our beds at night as shine down on our heads
by day. One of these neutrinos could ﬂy through a light year of lead
without hitting anything. This property of the neutrino is frequently
mentioned in popular articles, and begs an obvious question: how
do we detect them?

The History of Astronomy

Michael Hoskin

Astronomy’s long history
Historians of astronomy work mainly with the surviving documents
from the past, and with artefacts such as instruments and
observatory buildings. But can we discover something of the role
the sky played in the ‘cosmovision’ of those who lived in Europe and
the Middle East before the invention of writing? Could there even
have been a prehistoric science of astronomy, perhaps one that
enabled an elite to predict eclipses?
Stonehenge, for example, faces midsummer sunrise in one direction
and midwinter sunset in the other. How can we be sure that an
alignment that to us is of astronomical signiﬁcance was chosen by
Stonehenge’s architects for this very reason? Did it have some quite
different motivation, or even occur purely by chance? To take
another example, a monument built around 3000 bc that faces
east may have been oriented on the rising of the Pleiades, a bright
cluster of stars in the constellation Taurus. It may have faced
midway between midsummer and midwinter sunrise. Perhaps there
8

was a sacred mountain in that direction. Or the orientation may
have been chosen simply to take advantage of the slope of the
ground. How can we decide which of these, if any, was in the minds
of the builders?

The Earth

Martin Redfern

How can you put a big round planet in a small ﬂat book?

2. Planet earth, as seen from space
9

How on earth did we get here?

It is not an easy ﬁt, but there could be two broadly different ways of
attempting it. One is the bottom-up approach of geology:
essentially, looking at the rocks. For centuries, geologists have
scurried around on the surface of our planet with their little
hammers, examining the different rock types and the mineral
grains which make them up. With eye and microscope, electron
probe and mass spectrometer, they have reduced the planet to its
component parts. Then they have mapped out how the different
rock types relate to one another and, through theory, observation,
and experiment, they have worked out how they might have got
there. It has been a huge undertaking and one that has brought
deep insights. Collectively, the efforts of all those geologists have
built a giant ediﬁce on which future earth scientists can stand. But
this introduction is not a guide to rocks and minerals and geological
map-making. It is a portrait of a planet.

The new view on our old planet is the top-down approach of what
has come to be known as earth systems science. It looks at the earth
as a whole, and not just frozen in time in the moment we call now.
Taken over the deep time of geology we begin to see our planet as a
dynamic system, a series of processes and cycles. We can begin to
understand what makes it tick.

The Elements

Philip Ball

Everything

So how many elements are there? I do not know, and neither does
anyone else. Oh, they can tell you how many natural elements there
are – how many we can expect to ﬁnd at large in the universe. That
series stops around uranium, element number 92. But as to how
many elements are possible – well, name a number. We have no idea
what the limit might be.
Chemists and physicists have collaborated since the middle of the
twentieth century to make new elements: substances never before
seen on Earth. They are expanding the Periodic Table, step by
painful step, into uncharted realms where it becomes increasingly
hard to predict which elements might form and how they might
behave. This is the ﬁeld of nuclear chemistry. Instead of shufﬂing
elements into new combinations – molecules and compounds – as
most chemists do, nuclear chemists are coercing subatomic
particles (protons and neutrons) to combine in new liaisons within
atomic nuclei.
‘A delight of a book. . . . Elegantly written . . . it’s far-reaching,
entertaining and salted with anecdote. . . . It could become a
classic. Hold on to your ﬁrst edition.’
Roy Herbert, New Scientist

10

Molecules

Philip Ball

Material genes
One way of making artiﬁcial silk polymer is to import silk-making
genes into bacteria using biotechnological techniques. Just like any
other protein, silk is genetically encoded in DNA: the sequence of
its amino acids along the chains is determined by a corresponding
sequence of nucleotide units in a gene in the spider’s chromosomes.
In other words, the spider possesses a molecular blueprint for
making the polymer. (But notice how, because of the complexities of
the spinning process, this blueprint alone is not enough to make
good silk threads!)

Galileo

Stillman Drake

Galileo’s signiﬁcance for the formation of modern science lies
partly in his discoveries and opinions in physics and astronomy, but
much more in his refusal to allow science to be guided any longer
by philosophy. By stages, his rejection of the long-established
11

How on earth did we get here?

The ability of living organisms to deﬁne the molecular composition
of a polymer with complete accuracy is an enviable one. Modern
synthetic techniques allow chemists a great deal of control over the
composition of a chain – for example, they can make hybrid
polymers by grafting side chains of one chemical type into a main
chain of another, or by alternating between blocks of one type of
unit and blocks of another along a single chain. But making a
polymer perhaps thousands of units long in which many different
units recur in a sequence of arbitrary complexity – and yet with
every molecular chain in the material being identical – is something
far beyond our current synthetic capabilities. In a linguistic analogy,
our state-of-the-art polymers read something like this:
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa. . . Nature’s polymers,
meanwhile, are more like this entire sentence, and pregnant with
meaning.

authority of philosophers induced them to appeal to the Bible for
support, and there ensued a battle for freedom of scientiﬁc enquiry
which profoundly affected the development of modern society,
leading to a ﬁnal parting of the ways between science and
philosophy. In a startling reinterpretation of the evidence, Stillman
Drake advances the hypothesis that Galileo’s trial and
condemnation by the Inquisition in 1633 was caused not by his
deﬁance of the Church, but by the hostility of contemporary
philosophers.

Everything

Quantum Theory

John Polkinghorne

It is no exaggeration to regard the discovery (in the mid-1920s)
of quantum theory as being one of the most outstanding
intellectual achievements of the 20th century and as constituting
a real revolution in our understanding of the physical world
since the days of Isaac Newton. What had been considered to
be the arena of clear and determinate process was found to be,
at its subatomic roots, cloudy and ﬁtful in its behaviour. Compared
with this revolutionary change, the great discoveries of special
and general relativity seem not much more than interesting
variations on classical themes. Indeed, Albert Einstein, who
had been the progenitor of relativity theory, found modern
quantum mechanics so little to his metaphysical taste that
he remained implacably opposed to it right to the end of
his life.
If the study of quantum physics teaches one anything, it is that the
world is full of surprises. No one would have supposed beforehand
that there could be entities that sometimes behaved as if they were
waves and sometimes behaved as if they were particles. This
realization was forced upon the physics community by the
intransigent necessity of actual empirical experience. As Bohr once
said, the world is not only stranger than we thought; it is stranger
than we could think. Even logic has to be modiﬁed when it is applied
to the quantum world.
12

‘John Polkinghorne has brought to life that most mysterious and
perplexing of revolutions in understanding and has made its
mysteries accessible.’
Peter Atkins

Darwin

Jonathan Howard

Focusing on Darwin’s major insights and arguments, Jonathan
Howard reasserts the importance of Darwin’s work for the
development of modern science and culture.

Darwin’s contribution to biology

‘Jonathan Howard has produced an intellectual tour de force, a
classic in the genre of popular scientiﬁc exposition which will
still be read in ﬁfty years’ time.’
Times Literary Supplement

Evolution

Brian and Deborah Charlesworth

We are all one with creeping things;
And apes and men
Blood-brethren.
From Drinking Song, Thomas Hardy
13

How on earth did we get here?

The whole point of understanding the modern theory of evolution is
to understand that human life and human society are to a certain
extent biological issues, painfully difﬁcult to deal with in these
terms, but still biology. For this reason, this introduction keeps
strictly to the core of the matter, which is Darwin’s contribution to
biology. Darwinian philosophy or Darwinian society are post-hoc
constructs that had no place in Darwin’s thought. He was unable to
see how evolution in biology could have any but the feeblest
analogical resemblance to the evolution of society. The complete
separation between social and political philosophy and Darwin’s
Darwinism is the main justiﬁcation, if any is needed, for dealing
only with the latter. The biology is where the issues are ﬁnally
grounded, and it is probably the biology that is least generally
known.

What can we learn from evolution?
Science tells us that human beings are the product of impersonal
forces, and that the habitable world forms a minute part of a
universe of immense size and duration. Whatever the religious or
philosophical beliefs of individual scientists, the whole programme
of scientiﬁc research is founded on the assumption that the universe
can be understood on such a basis.

Everything

Few would dispute that this programme has been spectacularly
successful, particularly in the 20th century, which saw such terrible
events in human affairs. The inﬂuence of science may have
indirectly contributed to these events, partly through the social
changes triggered by the rise of industrial mass societies, and partly
through the undermining of traditional belief systems.
The study of evolution has revealed our intimate connections
with the other species that inhabit the earth. The purpose of this
book is to introduce the reader to some of the most important
basic ﬁndings, concepts, and procedures of evolutionary biology,
as it has developed since the ﬁrst publications of Darwin and
Wallace on the subject, over 140 years ago. Evolution provides a
set of unifying principles for the whole of biology; it also
illuminates the relation of human beings to the universe and to
each other.

Mathematics

Timothy Gowers

This is an attempt to convey the spirit of advanced mathematics
while making very few demands on the reader’s prior knowledge
and technical competence. This is notoriously hard to do in a
subject that is full of complicated arguments and long calculations,
often couched in jargon that appears to be utterly impenetrable.
The book does not try to explain any jargon or present difﬁcult
arguments and calculations in detail: even if this were desirable it
would be impossible to do satisfactorily in a short introduction.
14

Instead, it has the more modest aim of elucidating a few of the more
challenging concepts of mathematics, concepts such as inﬁnity, the
square roots of negative numbers, curved space, and geometry in
four or more dimensions.

Simple rules such as these are important for two reasons: they are
what we use to think about numbers in a general context, and they
help us deﬁne new sorts of numbers.
‘. . . includes so much useful information and ideas it is quite
incredible.’
The Times

Fossils

Keith Thomson

In the beginning
The biggest gaps in the fossil record are right at the beginning. No
rocks survive in the earth’s crust that are older than about 3.9 byr,
all earlier rocks having been recycled by earth processes. The period
between the earth forming some 4.5 byr ago and the beginning of
the Cambrian, 545 myr ago, is deﬁned as the Precambrian Aeon,
15

How on earth did we get here?

The way to understand these counterintuitive ideas is to begin with
much simpler ones. An important message of the book is that even a
concept as basic as that of a natural number (that is, one of the
numbers 1,2,3,4,5, . . . etc.) involves signiﬁcant subtleties. Implicit
in our understanding of the natural numbers is an acceptance of
various arithmetical rules, which, after many years of schooling, we
come to use unquestioningly, to the point where we hardly notice
that we are doing so. Why, for example, is it easy to see that 50 times
40 = 2000? One possible justiﬁcation is to say that 50 times
40 = (5 times 10) times (4 times 10) = (5 times 4) times (10 times
10) = 20 times 100 = 2000. This argument may be convincing, but
in the course of it we appeal to various arithmetical principles, such
as that (ab) times (cd) must equal (ac) times (bd) for any four
numbers a, b, c, and d.

divided into three Eras (ﬁrst the Hadean; then the Archaean,
beginning 4 byr ago; and most recently, 2.5 byr ago, the Proterozoic,
meaning ‘ﬁrst life’).

Everything

A small amount of evidence, mostly still controversial, records the
presence of bacteria and perhaps other microbial life in Archaean
rocks from Australia and South Africa dated at 3.5 byr ago. The
principal kinds of bacteria were cyanobacteria: the name refers to
the blue-green colour, not the production of cyanide. Cyanobacteria
are still abundant on earth today. There is, however, a gap of at least
a billion years between the formation of the earth and these ﬁrst
signs of living organisms. At some point in that interval, life arose
on earth in the form of relatively simple self-replicating molecules
and proceeded to the formation of something like modern viruses
and bacteria.

Dinosaurs

David Norman

David Norman reveals how scientists combine anatomy, genetics,
forensics, and even engineering design to build a picture of what
dinosaurs looked like, what they ate, and how they moved and
interacted with each other. Exploring how animal life evolved
on Earth, he highlights the place of dinosaurs in evolutionary
history.

Dinosaurs and birds
First and foremost, it is now clear that feathers do not, after all, make
a bird. Various sorts of skin coverings appear to have been present
on a wide range of theropod dinosaurs, ranging from a shaggy,
ﬁlamentous type of covering, through downy, feather-like body
coverings, to fully formed contour and ﬂight feathers. The discoveries
at Liaoning force us to wonder just how widespread such body
coverings might have been, not only among theropods, but, perhaps,
even in other dinosaur groups as well. Given the known distribution
of body coverings, it is not unreasonable to ponder the probability
of giants such as Tyrannosaurus rex (which was a theropod related
16

to Sinosauropteryx) having some sort of epidermal covering – even
if only as juveniles. Such tantalizing questions cannot be answered
at present, and require the discovery of new geological deposits
similar in quality of fossil preservation to those at Liaoning.

Human Evolution

Bernard Wood

The next part of this ‘long’ version of the human evolutionary
journey takes us successively into the monkey and ape, the ape and
then into the great ape branches of the Tree of Life. Sometime
between 15 and 12 million years ago we move into the small branch
that gave rise to contemporary modern humans and to the living
African apes. Between 11 and 9 million years ago the branch for the
gorillas split off to leave just a single slender branch consisting of
the ancestors of both extant (i.e. living) chimpanzees and modern
humans. Around 8 to 5 million years ago this very small branch split
into two twigs. One of the twigs ends on the surface of the TOL with
the living chimpanzees, the other leads to modern humans.
Palaeoanthropology is the science that tries to reconstruct the
evolutionary history of this small, exclusively human, twig.

17

How on earth did we get here?

The ‘long’ version of human evolution would be a journey that starts
approximately three billion years ago at the base of the Tree of Life
(TOL) with the simplest form of life. We would then pass up the
base of the trunk and into the relatively small part of the tree that
contains all animals, and on into the branch that contains all the
animals with backbones. Around 400 million years ago we would
enter the branch that contains vertebrates that have four limbs,
then around 250 million years ago into the branch that contains the
mammals, and then into a thin branch that contains one of the
subgroups of mammals called the primates. At the base of this
primate branch we are still at least 50–60 milion years away from
the present day.

Philosophy of Science

Samir Okasha

Samir Okasha investigates the nature of scientiﬁc reasoning,
scientiﬁc explanation, revolutions in science, and theories such as
realism and anti-realism.

Why is this important?

Everything

Scientiﬁc ideas change fast. Pick virtually any scientiﬁc discipline,
and you can be sure that the prevalent theories in that discipline
will be very different from those of 50 years ago, and extremely
different from those of 100 years ago. A number of interesting
philosophical questions centre on the issue of scientiﬁc change. Is
there a discernible pattern to the way scientiﬁc ideas change over
time? When scientists abandon their existing theory in favour of a
new one, how should we explain this? Are later scientiﬁc theories
objectively better than earlier ones? Or does the concept of
objectivity make sense at all?
‘This book gives an excellent sense of what keeps philosophers of
science awake at night. The issues and the arguments are
presented with stunning clarity.’
Peter Lipton, University of Cambridge

The End of the World

Bill McGuire

Global warming is with us now and we know that within several
thousand years the ice is due to return, but other threats to our
comfortable existence are less predictable. The End of the World
also takes a close look at the latest research ﬁndings to elucidate the
threats posed by the enormous geological forces building beneath
our planet’s surface. A collapsing volcano in the Canary Islands
threatens to crash into the North Atlantic, generating giant sea
waves capable of swamping the great cities of the eastern United
States. Somewhere in Southeast Asia or around the Paciﬁc Rim, a
giant volcanic blast capable of blacking out the sun for years and
leading to global freezing and starvation is well overdue. More
imminently, a huge quake is forecast to strike Tokyo in the next few
18

decades, causing destruction totalling 7 trillion US$ and triggering
global economic meltdown.
So far we have been lucky, but good fortune cannot last forever.
Short of a so-called ‘extinction-level event’, such as the huge
comet impact that ended the dinosaurs’ long reign, it is unlikely
that any other foreseeable natural event will be capable of wiping
out all 6 billion of us. It is equally unlikely, however, that our race
and our modern society will continue to thrive without being
knocked back, perhaps more than once, by a global natural
catastrophe so large that there will be nowhere to run to and
nowhere to hide.
Forthcoming
Chaos, Leonard Smith
Newton, Robert Iliffe

19

How on earth did we get here?

3. A possible end to the world? An atomic explosion

Chapter 2
There’s more to us
than meets the eye
Introduction

Simon Blackburn

There are theorems in logic that as you ascend to do the theory of
a theory, you need more powerful methods and get less solid results
than if you stay down below. The same kind of result applies to
writing a very short introduction to Very Short Introductions. Yet
anyone browsing these amazing little books will recognize that
philosophy lends itself ideally to very short introductions. For apart
from dry and dedicated specialists, few people remember anything
more of even favourite philosophers than some very short sound
bites.
Philosophy may or may not be as Milton described it: ‘a perpetual
feast of nectar’d sweets, where no crude surfeit reigns’. It is arguably
unique among subjects in that a lot of its practitioners spend a lot of
their time wondering what it is. Is it an art or a science? Does it
discover things in the sense of uncovering truths that were always
waiting to be revealed? Or does it discover things in the sense in
which someone might discover a new way to entertain teenagers, or
play King Lear? Should it aspire to the condition of mathematics,
or the condition of music: truth, entertainment, or something else
again?
Traditionally, philosophy means reﬂection on some concepts that
structure a lot of our thought – big concepts, such as truth, reason,
objectivity, knowledge, goodness, God, the soul, freedom, virtue,
and meaning. And it means studying the writers whose reﬂections
20

But then what does reﬂection mean here? A philosopher is
neither a laboratory scientist, nor a social scientist armed with a
clipboard or a set of statistics. Some philosophers, especially in the
contemporary world, like to think of themselves as closely allied
to the natural sciences, and some, such as Descartes, have been
distinguished natural scientists themselves. But the lack of
experimental practice makes the alliance with natural science a bit
suspect, to say the least. It is as if the philosopher sets himself up as
a maker of maps who needs to make no observations and take no
measurements. For Kant, this was the central puzzle in the whole
theory of knowledge. The possibility that the mind, by simple
self-conscious reﬂection, should obtain knowledge about its own
nature and the nature of its world was sufﬁciently strange to require
the Critique of Pure Reason to lay it to rest.
Unfortunately, not even Kant’s 800 pages could do that. A deﬁnitive
story of the scope and limits of human reﬂection would tell us, for
instance, whether there is progress in philosophy, and, if not, why
we are condemned to trudge permanently around the same maze.
For Hegel there is indeed progress, and the whole of human history
is the progress of a kind of self-consciousness. Although as Peter
21

There’s more to us than meets the eye

on those big concepts have been important, or still speak to us now.
But after that, things become less clear. Why do some concepts, but
not others, get on to the list? And what distinguishes the
philosopher from the mere preacher, on the one hand, and from the
other people licensed to reﬂect upon the human condition, such as
writers of ﬁction, poets, and dramatists, on the other hand?
Admittedly, the dividing lines are sometimes thin, since some
philosophers, such as Plato or Nietzsche, are rather like poets, and
others, such as Marx or Engels or Augustine, are frequently not so
far from being preachers. Rousseau wrote novels, and Hume wrote
excellent dialogue. Perhaps there is no way of drawing a sharp
boundary. If someone reﬂects about how things hang together, in
the most general sense of the term, perhaps that is enough to qualify
them as a philosopher.

Everything

Singer engagingly points out in his contribution on Hegel,
the German word Selbstbewusstsein has more the ﬂavour of
self-assertion than the English word self-consciousness, with its
hint of introspection or even embarrassment, and it is perhaps
easier to see history as a progress of human beings throwing their
weight about rather than a progress of anything more
contemplative.
In his book in this series, Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction,
Edward Craig reminds us how natural it is to human beings to ﬁnd
themselves reﬂecting on their world, and the success or failure of
their pursuits, and the hidden forces to which they might appeal to
do better. Philosophies of life try to systematize these answers,
most obviously in the texts that form the basis of religious systems.
Religion is the ﬁrst expression of the philosophical impulse.
Science is the second, and it is of course a ﬁrst-rate philosophical
question whether it supersedes and displaces the ﬁrst, or
whether it can live alongside it. We will write the history of
self-consciousness very differently according to how we answer
this question.
If philosophy were like religion, then it might decay, and if it were
like mathematics, only done with words, it might progress. Perhaps
the best answer strips Hegel of his conﬁdence, and contents itself
with allowing that in so far as humanity progresses, so will
philosophy progress with it, and in so far as humanity merely
changes, so will philosophy merely change with it. My own
Ethics: A Very Short Introduction supposes that subjectivism and
relativism, as well as misapplications of evolutionary and biological
theory, get in the way of ethical thinking, now more than ever. Here,
we may actually have gone backwards.
Where does philosophy stand now? And where is it going? If we
suppose, with Hegel, Marx, or Foucault, that philosophical
reﬂection is always motivated by general cultural forces and
anxieties, then it will be a question of what bothers us now, and will
22

bother us in the future. It is difﬁcult enough to answer the ﬁrst.
Indeed, it is impossible if we add the doctrine that those anxieties
are standardly unconscious, so that at some deep level the concerns
and the presuppositions of any particular time only become visible
at another time, as self-consciousness distances itself from them. To
take an example almost at random, as Julia Annas describes in her
Ancient Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction, we can see the
Victorians as anxious about government, and hence anxious to
portray Plato as a kind of godfather of the civil service. But they
were not themselves aware that this is what they were doing, or they
could not have done it. Once it is self-conscious, the ideology
becomes embarrassed.

Philosophy and the philosophers described in this series give us a
world literature. We don’t know where literature is going. What we
do know is how exciting it is to see where it has been. It is
remarkable to have a resource giving us so much awareness of that,
and one asking for such little effort from the reader.

23

There’s more to us than meets the eye

In such a picture, the philosopher merely follows the parade. As
Hegel put it, the owl of Minerva only takes wing with the coming of
the night. But this seems wrong as well, for, after all, the literature
of a time not only reﬂects that time, but helps mould the selfawareness and identity of those who follow and read it. We have
only to think of Marx, or of the struggles of feminist writers to
articulate an ideology, and their political successes when they did
so. To paraphrase Nietzsche, ideas are explosions waiting to
happen. But as for where philosophy is going, if this picture is right,
we cannot predict that any more than we can predict the future. As
is often said, if we could predict inventions, we would invent them.
To have predicted a great philosopher would have been to have
thought what he did before him, and then he wouldn’t have been a
great philosopher.

Philosophy

Edward Craig

Everything

Philosophy is not an activity from another planet: learning
about it is just a matter of broadening and deepening what
most of us do already. In this lively and engaging book, Edward
Craig shows that philosophy is no mere intellectual pastime;
thinkers such as Plato, Descartes, Hegel, Darwin, Mill, and de
Beauvoir, and Buddhist writers, were responding to real needs
and events – much of their work shapes our lives today, and many
of their concerns are still ours.
Anyone reading this book is to some extent a philosopher
already. Nearly all of us are, because we have some kinds
of values by which we live our lives (or like to think we do, or
feel uncomfortable when we don’t). And most of us favour some
very general picture of what the world is like. Perhaps we think
there’s a god who made it all, including us; or, on the contrary,
we think it’s all a matter of chance and natural selection.
Perhaps we believe that people have immortal, non-material parts
called souls or spirits; or, quite the opposite, that we are just
complicated arrangements of matter that gradually fall to bits
after we die. So most of us, even those who don’t think about
it at all, have something like answers to the two basic
philosophical questions, namely: what should we do? and,
what is there?
‘A vigorous and engaging introduction that speaks to the
philosopher in everyone. Craig helps the reader grapple with
some key texts and problems are carefully chosen to show
how philosophical inquiry is something we should all care
about.’
John Cottingham, University of Reading

24

Political Philosophy

David Miller

This book introduces readers to the concepts of political philosophy.
David Miller starts by explaining why the subject is important and
how it tackles basic ethical questions such as ‘how should we live
together in society?’ The book looks at political authority, the
reasons why we need politics at all, the limitations of politics, and
whether there are areas of life that shouldn’t be governed by
politics. It explores the connections between political authority and
justice, a constant theme in political philosophy, and the ways in
which social justice can be used to regulate rather than destroy a
market economy. David Miller discusses why nations are the
natural units of government and whether the rise of
multiculturalism and transnational cooperation will change this:
will we ever see the formation of a world government?

25

There’s more to us than meets the eye

4. Cartoon from Punch

Ancient Philosophy

Julia Annas

The pursuit of a happy life

Everything

Happiness in ancient ethical thought is not a matter of feeling good
or being pleased; it is not a feeling or emotion at all. It is your life as
a whole which is said to be happy or not, and so discussions of
happiness are discussions of the happy life. It is our bad luck that
for us what is happy are not just lives, but also moments and
ﬂeeting experiences; modern discussions of happiness tend to get
confused very rapidly because such different things are being
considered. In ancient ethics, happiness enters by a very different
route from the ‘feel-good’ one.
‘Incisive, elegant, and full of the excitement of doing philosophy,
[this book] boldly steps outside the conventional chronological
ways of organizing material about the Greeks and Romans to
get right to the heart of the human problems that exercised
them . . . I can’t think of a better way to begin.’
Martha Nussbaum, University of Chicago

Presocratic Philosophy

Catherine Osborne

We call them Presocratic philosophers. ‘Philosophers’ because they
seek after wisdom, or because we can detect some resemblance to the
project we think of as philosophy, or both; ‘Presocratic’ because they
precede Socrates in one or both of two senses. First, they were older
than Socrates. Many were born well before 469 bc and all but a few
had passed their prime before the end of the 5th century. But second,
and more importantly, they are considered to have preceded Socrates
in philosophical terms. Often, when thinking about Socrates (or
about Plato’s depiction of Socrates), we need to remember that he is
reacting to the Presocratics, but the reverse is never true.

But interest in these early thinkers is not conﬁned to their inﬂuence
on the major ﬁgures of later philosophy; they are fascinating also
for their own gestures towards the great questions of all time. They
did not call themselves ‘philosophers’, or not in our sense of that
26

word, nor did they have a conception of ‘philosophy’ as a deﬁnite
range of enquiries. They set out in search of wisdom, what they
called ‘sophia’. Looking back at their searches we can say, with
hindsight, that some of their investigations were taking them in
directions that would swiftly become central to philosophy –
philosophy as it emerged in Classical Greece, and as it is still
practised in universities today.

Continental Philosophy

Simon Critchley

Principal strands of continental philosophy
1) German idealism and romanticism, and their aftermath (Fichte,
Schelling, Hegel, Schlegel and Novalis, Schleiermacher,
Schopenhauer)
2) The critique of metaphysics and the ‘masters of suspicion’
(Feuerbach, Marx, Nietzsche, Freud, Bergson)
3) Germanophone phenomenology and existential philosophy
(Husserl, Max Scheler, Karl Jaspers, Heidegger)
4) French phenomenology, Hegelianism and anti-Hegelianism
(Kojève, Sartre, Merleau-Ponty, Levinas, Bataille, de Beauvoir)
5) Hermeneutics (Dilthey, Gadamer, Ricoeur)
6) Western Marxism and the Frankfurt School (Lukács, Benjamin,
Horkheimer, Adorno, Marcuse, Habermas)
7) French structuralism (Lévi-Strauss, Lacan, Althusser), poststructuralism (Foucault, Derrida, Deleuze), post-modernism
(Lyotard, Baudrillard), and feminism (Irigaray, Kristeva)

27

There’s more to us than meets the eye

The author tells a story that begins with the publication of Kant’s
critical philosophy in the 1780s and includes discussions of major
philosophers like Nietzsche, Heidegger, Foucault, and Kristeva. At
the core of the book is a plea to place philosophy at the centre of
cultural life, and thereby reawaken its primary deﬁnition of the love
of wisdom that makes life worth living.

‘Critchley has skilfully and sympathetically sketched continental
lines of thought . . . a remarkable achievement.’
Stanley Cavell, Harvard University

Foucault

Gary Gutting

Everything

From aesthetics to the penal system, from madness and civilization
to Nietsche and the avant-garde, the writings of Michel Foucault
(1926–1984) had a powerful impact on modern thought in the late
twentieth century. However, as wide-ranging and inﬂuential as his
works are, they also have the reputation of being difﬁcult and
impenetrable.
Gary Gutting provides a compelling introduction to Foucault’s work
in the ﬁelds of literature, politics, history, and philosophy, and
explores some of the key themes that fascinated the philosopher in
his quest to more deeply understand identity, knowledge, and
power in modern society.
‘a ﬁrst-rate introduction to the work of this difﬁcult thinker
which navigates the complexity of his thought with the conﬁdence and clarity of one who has studied Foucault for years’
Todd May, Clemson University, South Carolina

Indian Philosophy

Sue Hamilton

From the earliest beginnings, philosophical debate in India
developed, ﬂourished, and proliferated into a variety of schools of
thought. In highlighting its key features, the author draws the
reader into the world of ‘classical’ Indian philosophy, illustrating the
different ways in which the great Indian thinkers interpreted and
sought to understand the nature of reality.

Understanding Indian philosophy
Westerners approaching the Indian tradition for the ﬁrst time,
whether their interest be primarily in religion or in philosophy, are
28

faced with two equal and opposing problems. One is to ﬁnd
something graspable amid the apparently bewildering multiplicity;
the other is not enforcing such a straitjacket on to the material as to
overlook signiﬁcant aspects of the diversity. The classic example of
the latter is ‘Hinduism’: because of the existence of the name
Hinduism, Westerners expect to ﬁnd a monolithic tradition
comparable to other ‘isms’. They remain bafﬂed by what they ﬁnd
until they discover that Hinduism is a label that was attached in the
19th century to a highly complex and multiple collection of systems
of thought by other Westerners who did not appreciate that
complexity.

‘ . . . the perfect gift for anyone who wishes to sort out their
karma and nirvana’
The Independent

Habermas

James Gordon Finlayson

Jürgen Habermas is one of the most inﬂuential philosophers alive
today. His writings interweave social, moral, political, and legal
theory to examine subjects ranging from Marxism to the European
Union, and the role of communication and discourse in the modern
world.
James Gordon Finlayson shows in clear, accessible language how
Habermas’ theory as a whole answers important questions about
the nature of modern society, and how it can shape our views on
contemporary issues and events.

The unﬁnished project of modernity
In 1980 Habermas caused a stir with his speech ‘Modernity – an
Unﬁnished Project’ on the occasion of his receipt of the Adorno
Prize. The speech was provocative because Habermas
29

There’s more to us than meets the eye

‘a wonderful job in capturing the profound wisdom embedded in
Indian thought . . . compelling and extremely rewarding’
Shlomo Biderman, University of Tel Aviv

characteristically swam against the then strong intellectual tide of a
post-modern movement anxious to bid farewell to modernity and
the whole accompanying enlightenment project. Habermas’s title
implicitly makes two points. First, modernity is a project rather than
an historical period; and second, this project is not yet (but can and
should be) completed.

Animal Rights

David DeGrazia

Everything

Do animals have moral rights? If so, what does this mean? What
sorts of mental lives do animals have, and how should we
understand their welfare? After putting forward possible answers
to these questions, David DeGrazia explores the implications for
how we treat animals in connection with our diet, zoos, and
research.

Do animals have souls?
One common contention is that animals lack awareness or
consciousness because they lack immortal souls, conceived as
immaterial substances. But this is an extremely weak argument. It
ignores all empirical evidence for animal awareness while resting
on an assumption for which there is no basis: that human beings
but no other animals possess immortal souls. One wonders when
exactly in hominid evolution our ancestors began to have souls!

Ethics

Simon Blackburn

This section looks at ideas that destabilize us when we think about
standards of choice and conduct. In various ways they seem to
suggest that ethics is somehow impossible. They are important
because they themselves can seep into the moral environment.
When they do, they can change what we expect from each other and
ourselves, usually for the worse. Under their inﬂuence, when we
look at the big words – justice, equality, freedom, rights – we see
only bids for power and clashes of power, or we see only hypocrisy,
or we see only our own opinions, unworthy to be foisted onto others.
30

Cynicism and self-consciousness paralyse us. In what follows we
consider seven such threats:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

The death of God
Relativism
Egoism
Evolutionary Theory
Determinism and futility
Unreasonable demands
False consciousness

Medical Ethics

Tony Hope

Ethical issues in medicine are rarely out of the media, and
are of particular relevance to the general public and the
medical practitioner alike. In this Very Short Introduction,
Tony Hope deals with a range of thorny moral questions, some
of which are age-old, like euthanasia and the morality of killing,
and others of which have arisen with recent advances in medical
technology.
Tony Hope also explores political questions, discussing how
health-care resources an be fairly allocated, and addressing
controversial problems such as: Should treatment for mental
illness be imposed on patients without their consent? Should
post-menopausal women have access to assisted reproduction
technologies? And who should have the right to access information
from genetic testing?

31

There’s more to us than meets the eye

‘Simon Blackburn’s short book takes the big moral questions
head on and does so brilliantly . . . a witty, vivid writer with an
enviable popular touch . . . this is a wonderfully enlightening
book.’
Ben Rogers, Sunday Telegraph

Outline of the requirements in order for
active euthanasia to be legal in the
Netherlands
1. The patient must face a future of unbearable, interminable
suffering.
2. The request to die must be voluntary and well-considered.
3. The doctor and patient must be convinced there is no other
solution.
4. A second medical opinion must be obtained and life must be
ended in a medically appropriate way.

Everything

Choice Theory

Michael Allingham

We make choices all the time. We also constantly judge the
decisions that other people make as rational or irrational. But
what kinds of criteria are we applying when we say that a choice
is rational, and what guides our own choices, especially in cases
where we do not have complete information about the possible
outcomes? This book explores what it means to be rational in
all these contexts and shows that life is about making
choices.

Choose rationally
Choose life. Choose a job . . . Choose a big television . . . Choose
good health, low cholesterol and dental insurance. Choose
ﬁxed-interest mortgage repayments . . . Choose your friends.
Choose your future . . . Choose life.

All choices, just as Renton’s opening voiceover (above) from the
ﬁlm Trainspotting, arise from both the heart and the head. But
is he choosing rationally? The heart provides the passion and
the head the reasons. Choices based on the most minute
reasoning but lacking any desire are vacuous, while desire
without reason is impotent: it is only ﬁt for the enraged child
32

who wants both to go home and not to go home. Aristotle, the
founder of choice theory, and indeed of logic itself, identiﬁes the
connection:
‘The origin of . . . choice is desire and reasoning with a view to
the end – this is why choice cannot exist without . . . reason.’

Logic

Graham Priest

Problem Solutions

Tabulate the information as follows:

Take out insurance (t)
Don’t take out insurance (¬t)

Have an accident

Don’t have an
accident

0.05\−390
0.05\−1,500

0.95\−90
0.95\−0

Calculating expectations, we get:
E(t) = 0.05 × (−390) + 0.95 × (−90) = −105

E(¬t) = 0.05 × (−1,500) + 0.95 × 0 = −75
Since E(¬t) >E(t), you should not take out insurance.
‘. . . a splendid ﬁst of warming up logic for the general palate.’
The Guardian

Free Will

Thomas Pink

Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices –
33

There’s more to us than meets the eye

You hire a car. If you do not take out insurance, and you have an
accident, it will cost you $1,500. If you take out insurance, and have
an accident, it will cost you $300. The insurance costs $90, and you
estimate that the probability of an accident is 0.05. Assuming that
the only considerations are ﬁnancial ones, should you take out the
insurance.

some trivial, and others so consequential that they may change the
course of our life. But are these choices really free? Or are we
compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the
feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion?
And if our choices are not free, is it legitimate to hold people
morally responsible for their actions?
This Very Short Introduction looks at a range of issues surrounding
this fundamental philosophical question. Exploring free will
through the ideas of the Greek and medieval philosophers up to
present-day thinkers, Thomas Pink provides an original and
incisive introduction to this perennially fascinating subject, and a
new defence of the reality of human free will.

Everything

The unfreedom of animals
So far we have been looking at the relation between freedom and
determinism. But there is another important aspect to freedom that
has not yet been discussed – the relation between freedom and
reason. To see how important reason might be, we need to consider
some beings who certainly perform actions, but who do so without
having the control over how they act that we humans possess over
our actions. We need to consider the animals.
I am not claiming that all non-human animals lack freedom.
For example, it is a matter of dispute exactly how intelligent
chimpanzees and dolphins really are – and perhaps they will turn
out to be free agents too. I suspect, in fact, that chimpanzees and
dolphins are not intelligent enough in the particular ways needed
for freedom, but this is not the place to argue the matter. We do not
yet know enough about precisely how capable these higher animals
really are. There are however other, much less sophisticated animals
whose capacities fall very far short of our own, and who do clearly
lack freedom of action as a result.

34

Philosophy of Law

Raymond Wacks

Law as interpretation

To understand Dworkin’s key proposition that is a ‘gapless’ system,
consider the following two situations:
An impatient beneﬁciary under a will murders the testator. Should
he be permitted to inherit?
A chess grandmaster distracts his opponent by continually smiling
at him. The opponent objects. Is smiling in breach of the rules of
chess?
These are both ‘hard cases’ for in neither case is there a
determinable rule to resolve it. This gives legal positivists a
headache, for positivism generally claims that law consists of rules
determined by social facts. Where, as in these examples, rules run
out, the problem can be resolved only by the exercise of a subjective,
and hence, potentially arbitrary, discretion: a nightmare.

35

There’s more to us than meets the eye

The foundations of legal philosophy were shaken in the 1970s by the
ideas of the American jurist, Ronald Dworkin (1931–), who in 1969
succeeded H. L. A. Hart as Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford.
Among the numerous elements of Dworkin’s philosophy is the
contention that the law contains a solution to almost every problem.
This is at variance with the traditional – positivist – perception that
when a judge is faced with a difﬁcult case to which no statute or
previous decision applies, he exercises a discretion, and decides the
case on the basis of what seems to him to be the correct answer.
Dworkin contests this position, and shows how a judge does not
make law, but rather interprets what is already part of the legal
material. Through his interpretation of these materials, he gives
voice to the values to which the legal system is committed.

Words of wisdom from VSI
Aristotle

Jonathan Barnes

Politicians have no leisure because they are always aiming
at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or
happiness.

Plato

Julia Annas

Is that which is holy loved by the gods because it is holy, or is it holy
because it is loved by the gods?

Socrates

C. C. W. Taylor

The unexamined life is not worth living.

Everything

Augustine

Henry Chadwick

Take up and read, take up and read.

Hobbes

Richard Tuck

Laughter is nothing else but sudden glory arising from some
sudden conception of some eminency in ourselves, by comparison
with the inﬁrmity of others, or with our own formerly.

Descartes

Tom Sorell

Common sense is the best distributed commodity in the world, for
every man is convinced that he is well supplied with it.

Spinoza

Roger Scruton

So far as in me lies, I value, above all other things out of my control,
the joining hands of friendship with men who are lovers of truth.

Locke

John Dunn

New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without
any other reason but because they are not already common.
36

Hume

A. J. Ayer

The heart of man is made to reconcile the most glaring of
contradictions.

Rousseau

Robert Wokler

Everything is good when it springs from the hands of our Creator;
everything degenerates when shaped by the hands of man.

Kant

Roger Scruton

Hegel

Peter Singer

What experience and history can tell us is this – that nations and
governments have never learned anything from history, or acted
upon any lessons they might have drawn from it.

Clausewitz

Michael Howard

War is nothing but a continuation of politics with the admixture of
other means.

Schopenhauer

Christopher Janaway

The word of man is the most durable of all material.

Kierkegaard

Patrick Gardiner

An honest religious thinker is like a tightrope walker. He almost
looks as though he were walking on nothing but air. His support
is the slenderest imaginable. And yet it really is possible to walk
on it.

Marx

Peter Singer

The philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways;
the point is to change it.
37

There’s more to us than meets the eye

Many people imagine that the years of their youth are the
pleasantest and best of their lives; but it is not really so. They are the
most troublesome; for we are then under strict discipline, can
seldom choose our friends, and still more seldom have our freedom.

Engels

Terrell Carver

Naturally, the workers are perfectly free; the manufacturer does not
force them to take his materials and his cards, but he says to them:
‘If you don’t like to be frizzled in my frying-pan, you can take a walk
into the ﬁre.’

Nietzsche

Michael Tanner

What I understand by ‘philosopher’: a terrible explosive in the
presence of which everything is in danger.

Russell

A. C. Grayling

Everything

Every man, wherever he goes, is encompassed by a cloud of
comforting convictions, which move with him like ﬂies on a
summer day.

Wittgenstein

A. C. Grayling

Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by
means of language.

Heidegger

Michael Inwood

Beauty is a fateful gift of the essence of truth, and here truth means
the disclosure of what keeps itself concealed.
Forthcoming
Existentialism, Thomas Flynn

38

Chapter 3
What can the
past tell us?
Introduction

Mary Beard

A quotation from ancient Rome’s most famous poet sits in the
pockets and purses, tills and collecting boxes, of most people in
Britain. Around the edge of the English one pound coin are
engraved three Latin words: ‘decus et tutamen’, ‘an ornament and a
protection’ – or (as the Bank of England would like you to think)
‘something that looks nice and something you can rely on’. This
slogan has been a feature of British coinage for hundreds of years. It
was apparently suggested by the 17th-century diarist John Evelyn,
who claimed to have got it from Cardinal Richelieu. But its ﬁrst
appearance was 2,000 years ago in Virgil’s monumental epic poem,
the Aeneid – his grand re-telling of the story of the foundation of the
Eternal City, a classic meditation on the nature of political power
and leadership. Halfway through the narrative, the hero Aeneas
launches some lavish games to mark the funeral of his father. One of
the events is a boat race, and the prize for the man who took second
place is a piece of armour, a breast-plate interwoven with gold:
‘decus et tutamen’ as Virgil put it.
Why on earth the second prize in an ancient rowing competition
(the ﬁrst prize was a rather more splendid cloak) should make its
mark so ﬁrmly on British coinage is just the kind of question that
drives Very Short Introductions. And these ancient echoes are not
just a quirk of British culture and coinage. The slogan on the
United States’ dollar bill – ‘e pluribus unum’, ‘one [state] made
out of many’ – is itself taken from an even more unlikely ancient
39

Everything

source: the recipe for a salad in a poem also thought to have been
written by Virgil. The modern Greek two euro piece actually
features an image of the frankly misogynistic ancient myth of
the rape of Europa, carried off by the god Zeus in the shape of a
bull. It makes the starting point for Helen Morales’s exciting,
fresh look at the uses of classical mythology in the contemporary
world, in her forthcoming Classical Myth: A Very Short
Introduction.
But if the ancient world jangles in all our pockets, it also confronts
us from stage and screen, from hoardings and textbooks, novels
and posters, low and high art. From the movie Gladiator to
Freud’s Oedipus complex, Very Short Introductions are there
to open our eyes. Harry Sidebottom’s Ancient Warfare: A Very
Short Introduction, in fact, starts with those memorable scenes
at the beginning of Gladiator which recreated a terrible battle
between Romans and Germans – and it proceeds to wonder
not only how accurate Ridley Scott’s movie is as a picture of
ancient ﬁghting, but also how such military conﬂicts between
the forces of ruthless ‘civilisation’ and those of undisciplined
‘barbarism’ have become a key image in Western culture, from
Homer on.
Of course, Greece and Rome are not the only ancient civilisations
that exert this pull on our imagination, as the Curse of the
Mummy’s Tomb and Rosetta Stone t-shirts, tea-towels, and duvet
covers vividly remind us. Geraldine Pinch introduces her Egyptian
Myth: A Very Short Introduction with a close look at the obelisk
known as ‘Cleopatra’s Needle’ now on the banks of the Thames – a
familiar part of the London street-scene and at the same time a
marvellous entry point into the thought world of Egypt. In
Hieroglyphs: A Very Short Introduction Penelope Wilson lucidly
decodes the mysteries of ancient Egyptian writing, before going on
to reﬂect on why they still remain so fascinating. And Ian Shaw’s
Ancient Egypt: A Very Short Introduction not only offers a general
introduction to the culture, art, mythology, and religion of Egyptian
40

society, millennia ago – but also examines the impact of Ancient
Egypt on our own world. Why are we so ghoulishly fascinated by
mummies? Is there a ‘Tomb Raider’ in all of us?
All these books look at what the ancient world was about and why it
still matters to us now.

The heart of the matter

The same could be said of Paul Bahn’s Archaeology: A Very Short
Introduction. He offers a hard look at what remnants of antiquity
41

What can the past tell us?

Classics: A Very Short Introduction was the ﬁrst in the whole series;
and, as an inaugural volume, it made clear (or so I like to imagine)
that no introduction to anything about the modern world could be
complete without an introduction to Classics. We did not set out to
write the history of Greece and Rome, or of the ‘classics’ of Greek
and Latin literature that are still read, performed, and enjoyed
today (though plenty of that comes in en route). Nor was it a
question of simply explaining how ancient Greece and Rome have
impacted on our own world (though there is some fond discussion
of T. S. Eliot, Asterix, Louis MacNeice, and Nigel Molesworth). We
wanted to open up all that territory that lies between us and the
ancient world itself – the story that goes back beyond the everyday
coin of the 21st century, through Evelyn and Richelieu to Virgil
himself. And we wanted to show how and why the classical world,
along with its inheritance, is still worth arguing about. Mussolini’s
attempts to re-ﬁgure himself as the ﬁrst Roman emperor Augustus,
Karl Marx’s training in Greek philosophy, or Freud’s reading of
Greek myth still matter; as does the hot topic of where, and to
whom, the Parthenon marbles belong, or whether Greek democracy
offers a useful model for our own beleaguered political systems. If
the languages of Greece and Rome are in one sense ‘dead’, the study
of Classics is never a post mortem. It lies somewhere at the root of
pretty much everything that we can say, see, or think within
Western culture. Or so Classics: A Very Short Introduction tries
to show.

Everything

archaeologists actually dig out of the ground; but he also
presents a wry angle on the arguments that rage on how all this
material is to be interpreted. It is an engaging entry-point to the
ﬁerce debates between archaeologists the world over on what
all the traces of ﬂint and shards of pottery really can tell us about
how ancient societies worked and lived. One of the most revealing
cartoons in the book (which is illustrated throughout with some
hilarious gems from Bill Tidy and others) pictures a group of
professional archaeologists in the course of an ‘academic
argument’ (Figure 5): as one of the archaeologists biffs another
with a placard reading ‘Burn all Neo-Marxist heretics’, and
another retorts by shouting ‘Phallocrat scum-bag’, the Joe
Public family (who have just come to visit an attractive heritage
site on a Sunday afternoon out) retreat in horror and confusion
at the scene. Bahn’s book is a wonderfully funny – and also
informative – attempt to explain what might be going on in these
kinds of disputes. What is it that archaeologists discuss in such
heated tones? How do they argue about how to make sense of
the traces of ancient culture they dig up? And what difference
does it make for the rest of us, who might only want to put a
name and a date to the scant ruins or the fragments in the
museum case?

Anniversary issues
It seems nicely appropriate then that with its 150th book the
series should return to the ancient world in Christopher Kelly’s
The Roman Empire: A Very Short Introduction. Not a reign-byreign survey of despots, madmen, and the occasional benevolent
dictator, this is an attempt to think about what really matters for
us when we try to understand the biggest imperial power in the
West before the 19th century. It is a story of (amongst other things)
nationalism, cultural revolution, imperial aggression, and religious
conﬂict. A story of a superpower which is simultaneously
frighteningly familiar to us and strangely remote.

42

5. An ‘academic argument’ among professional archaeologists

Everything

Classics

Mary Beard and John Henderson

Classics can itself be good to think with – as well as fun. Again and
again, imaginative entertainments and instructive re-creations
explore Greek and Roman culture to ﬁnd orientation for our own
world, and to offer opportunities to fantasize. Cleopatras of all sorts
– on the page, the stage, or celluloid – from Claudette Colbert to
Elizabeth Taylor, have brought the European West a compelling
series of visions of the seductions and perversions of the Orient,
plus the irresistible formula that ensures that the dominance of
Cleopatra over the captivated Mark Anthony is always in the end
cancelled out by her death; the story always ends with the
restoration of proper political order and male supremacy. On the
other hand, in the Asterix cartoon-strips the tables are turned on
the powerful, as the last remnants in the last corner of a free Gaul
magically overpower the legions of Caesar, mock the dull wits and
ﬂabby physiques of his ofﬁcers and soldiers, and in the end return to
their ‘Arcadian’ village to feast and sup as (the myth lies) they
always will.
‘You could not ﬁnd two better introducers to the Classics than
Mary Beard and John Henderson. They are questioning, funny,
bold, and widely read in many ﬁelds. They could not be dull if
they tried.’
The Times

Roman Empire

Christopher Kelly

The Roman Empire was a remarkable achievement. At its height,
in the 2nd century ad, it had a population of around 60 million
people spread across 5 million square kilometres (roughly
twenty times the area of the United Kingdom). Then the Empire
stretched from Hadrian’s Wall in drizzle-soaked northern
England to the sun-baked banks of the Euphrates in Syria; from
the great Rhine-Danube river system, which snaked across the
fertile, ﬂat lands of Europe from the Low Countries to the Black
44

Sea, to the rich plains of the North African coast and the luxuriant
gash of the Nile valley in Egypt. The Empire completely encircled
the Mediterranean. This was the Romans’ internal lake,
complacently referred to by its conquerors as mare nostrum – ‘our
sea’.

Shock and Awe

45

What can the past tell us?

Rome was a warrior state. Its military establishment created its
own dynamic. In its rigorous discipline, in the superior quality of
its weapons, and in the campaign experience of its troops, the
Roman army exploited the advantages of scale and repeated
success. Victory yielded huge quantities of booty. In turn, the
riches plundered from defeated enemies, supplemented with
revenue from provincial taxation, funded the heavy cost of
continued conquest. The wealth generated by Rome’s wars in the
eastern Mediterranean was fabled. In ﬁfty years (from 200–150
bc), the rough equivalent in value of over 30 metric tons of
gold was seized. The consolidation of Roman power in Asia Minor
and the annexation of Syria meant that even these sums could be
exceeded. In 62 bc, the victorious Pompey returned from the East
with booty worth nearly seventy commissions; they relied on the
personal loyalty of their troops and the threat of violence to
enforce their continued active involvement in politics. When
Julius Caesar completed his tour of duty in Gaul he refused to
stand down, as he was constitutionally required to do. In January
49 bc, at the head of his army of veterans, battle-hardened after
eight years of campaigning, he crossed the river Rubicon (which
marked the southern territorial limit of his command) and
marched on Rome. It was now clear that Caesar’s authority rested
on military might. Some were prepared to oppose this coup d’état,
and by equally illegal means. Caesar’s assassination ﬁve years later
on the Ides of March 44 bc need not be seen as a virtuous bid for
liberty on the part of Brutus and Cassius. (Shakespeare’s version
should be put ﬁrmly to one side.) It was rather a brutal attempt
by one oligarchic faction to wrench political control away from a
rival.

Archaeology

Paul Bahn

To the general public, archaeology tends to be synonymous with
digging, as if this is what practitioners of the subject do all the time.
In the British satirical magazine Private Eye, any archaeologist is
automatically described as ‘man with beard in hole’. Cartoons
usually depict archaeologists as crusty old fogeys, covered in
cobwebs, and obsessed with old bones and cracked pots. Of course,
all of this is perfectly accurate, but it only reﬂects a very small part
of the subject. Some archaeologists never excavate, for example,
and very few of them spend most of their time at it. Archaeology
can provide a window on the last 2.5 million years and
help us reconstruct a past that holds a great deal of fascination
for us.

Gruesome discoveries
Everything

Archaeology can reveal the lives of our distant ancestors, often

6. The mummiﬁed body of a man, buried in a peat bog at Lindow,
Cheshire
46

highlighting the trauma and damage their bodies suffered. Many of
the preserved bog bodies of northwest Europe clearly met violent
deaths, generally as a result of executions, muggings, or ritual
sacriﬁces. Tollund Man was hanged, Grauballe Man had his throat
slit, but Britain’s Lindow Man – wittily nicknamed Pete Marsh –
takes the biscuit: he had his skull fractured twice, was garotted, and
had his jugular cut. Either he was extremely unpopular, or someone
was determined to do a very thorough job.
‘a quite brilliant and level-headed look at the curious world of
archaeology.’
Barry Cunliffe, University of Oxford

Social and Cultural Anthropology
Anthropology grew out of the intersection of European discovery,
colonialism, and natural science. In the 19th century the ﬁrst
anthropologists, inﬂuenced by the same philosophical currents that
led to the Darwinian revolution, were interested in reconstructing
stages of social and cultural evolution. Inﬂuential works were
published tracing everything from writing systems to marriage
practices from their most primitive origins to their modern
manifestations. By the beginning of the last century,
anthropologists had developed other intellectual projects and, most
importantly, were no longer content to rely on the accounts of
colonial ofﬁcials, missionaries, travellers, and other non-specialists
for their primary data. They began to go into the ‘ﬁeld’ as
ethnographers to gather their own information ﬁrst hand. Although
anthropology has changed quite a bit since the time of these
ethnographic pioneers, ethnography remains one of the things that
distinguishes anthropology from the rest of the social sciences, and
the importance of doing ethnography is perhaps the one thing that
all anthropologists agree upon.

47

What can the past tell us?

John Monaghan and Peter Just

Ancient Egypt

Ian Shaw

Everything

If the attraction of ancient Egyptian culture is its combination of
exotica and familiarity, the role of the Egyptologist seems to be to
use the available archaeological, visual, and textual sources to

7. Drawing of the upper part of the Metternich Stela
48

distinguish between, on the one hand, aspects of life that are
culturally speciﬁc either to ourselves or to the ancient Egyptians
and, on the other, what Martin Kemp describes as ‘a core which has
remained ﬁxed and basic since the appearance of the ﬁrst states in
the ancient world’. This is of course not the only reason for studying
the civilization of ancient Egypt, although it is this mindset that
constantly challenges us to view Egypt not in isolation but as one of
many human cultural responses to particular environmental and
historical conditions.

Egyptian Myth

Geraldine Pinch

Mythology was an integral part of Egyptian culture for much of its
timespan. Characters and events from myth permeate Egyptian art,
architecture, and literature. Myths underpinned many of the rituals
performed by kings and priests. Educated Egyptians believed that a
knowledge of myth was an essential weapon in the ﬁght to survive
the dangers of life and the afterlife.

Ancient Warfare

Harry Sidebottom

War was good to think with in the ancient world. In other words,
Greeks and Romans frequently used ideas connected to war to
understand the world and their place in it. War was used to
structure their thoughts on other topics, such as culture, gender,
and the individual. War was pervasive in classical thought.

49

What can the past tell us?

For much of the 3rd and 2nd millennia bc, Egypt was the wealthiest
and most powerful nation in the Ancient Near East. The Egyptians
were pioneers of monumental stone architecture. They produced
magniﬁcent sculpture and painted reliefs, and invented the
hieroglyphic script, one of the world’s earliest and most beautiful
forms of writing. Even after Egypt lost its political independence in
the late 1st millennium bc, its culture and religion survived to
inﬂuence those of Greece and Rome.

Everything

Culture
When Greeks and Romans thought about ‘eastern’ cultures, and by
reﬂection their own culture, they often did so in terms of warfare.
This pattern of thinking was not conﬁned to delineating the
oriental. It was a universal practice, although the range of other
cultures imagined was limited. For example, when inhabitants of
the Roman empire looked to the east, unsurprisingly they saw
‘eastern’ cultures (depending on their viewpoint Greek, or Persian,
and so on). When they turned to the south, again they saw mainly
‘eastern’ cultures (Carthaginian and Egyptian). To the west was
nothing except the ocean, and in it some more or less mythical
islands (such as the Islands of the Blest, where a privileged few of
the dead lived). It was different up north. The ‘northern’ was
another important imagined ‘other’ for the classical world. Indeed,
before their Romanization, and sometimes in humour afterwards,
the inhabitants of the far west, Spaniards, were considered
‘northern’ in character.

Hieroglyphics

Penelope Wilson

The people of Egypt have left behind monuments and objects, many
of them covered in the writing now known as Egyptian hieroglyphs.
They used this pictorial sign system to write down their language
and record aspects of their culture. The information from the
writing tells us something about how the Egyptians governed their
land and people, about their beliefs, and about their hopes and
dreams. Though we can read hieroglyphs this does not mean that
we know everything there is to know about Ancient Egypt, partly
because the writings have survived accidentally and so are a fraction
of the original corpus and partly because the writings only preserve
those things the Egyptians themselves thought were important.
This means we have to tread a very careful path in interpreting and
attempting to understand the writings, for our sources are biased by
chance and by design. They do, however, give us a point of contact
with the minds of the Ancient Egyptians.
50

Chapter 4
Are there any
good guys?
Introduction

Stephen Howe

This is a strange, but on the whole a very good, time for anyone
interested in history.
The strangeness comes on two very different levels. One is that
there seem, in country after country around the globe, to be ever
fewer children or young adults who want – or are allowed - to study
the subject at schools or universities. History departments shrink or
get swallowed up; students migrate to more ‘practical’ subjects. In
some countries’ school systems, history no longer exists as a
separate subject. In others, teachers complain, it is ever more
marginal to the schemes of curriculum planners and educational
bureaucrats. The history that is studied at school often seems to be
a dog’s breakfast of ill-assorted themes. In the British school
system, it’s said with just a touch of exaggeration, it mostly involves
repeatedly hearing about the Nazis, and not much else. It is,
apparently, not at all a good time to be a teacher of history.
The other kind of bewilderment occurs on more rareﬁed planes. It
stems from a pervasive intellectual self-doubt over whether it is, or
should be, possible to study history at all. Can we ever have any
certain knowledge about what has happened in the past? What, if
anything, can it mean to be ‘objective’, ‘unbiased’, or ‘impartial’? Is
there even such a thing as historical ‘truth’? Some academic
historians start to resemble the proverbial ﬁgure of the man busily
sawing away at the very branch on which he is sitting. Others again
51

Everything

worry that historical studies have become so fragmented into
multiple subdisciplines, or so preoccupied with writing about ever
more arcane topics for ever smaller, more hyper-specialist
readerships, that the subject no longer has any coherence or sense
of purpose. It is this mental climate which makes people feel it
necessary to write books with titles like In Defence of History.
Yet despite and alongside all this, history is massively popular –
maybe more so than at any time in the past. History books,
including ones of the utmost seriousness, based on massive
research, feature regularly in the bestseller lists of almost all
countries. History is the only kind of intelligent non-ﬁction that
regularly challenges the popular novel and the lifestyle manual
there. Never before has television devoted so much time to
historical documentaries and dramas, including numerous digital
and satellite channels entirely dedicated to the subject. Family
history research is among the most prevalent and still fastestgrowing of all leisure pursuits. Millions of people visit historical
museums, old buildings, and other ‘heritage sites’ every weekend.
Millions more collect everything from old coins to historic militaria,
or decorate and furnish their homes and themselves with different
kinds of ‘retrochic’. Re-enactment societies vie with local
archaeological ones in their apparent omnipresence. All these and
many more are manifestations of a genuine mass-based passion for
history, however much some scholars may scorn them.
We should also, surely, be impressed by the sheer variety of interests
involved. Some people, it’s true, are obsessed only with their own
family’s story – or with legends about it. Most historical research,
whether professional or amateur, sticks closely to the writer’s own
region or country. Most of the history that is formally taught in
schools and colleges, in almost every country, is still national in
focus. Some commentators seem convinced that people only ever
want to read or hear about ‘their own kind’: Women’s History for
women only, Black History for black people. . . But the historical
fascinations that are revealed in people’s spontaneous choice of
52

In a quite different register, states and politicians are obviously
convinced that history matters, and always have been so convinced.
No subject is so intensely political. In countries as diverse as
Australia and Israel, Germany and India – just to mention a few of
those where bitter disputes are raging right now as I write competing views about national histories are at the heart of
controversy over the very meaning of nationhood. Communities in
conﬂict sustain themselves, and seek to justify their causes, with
their rival versions of history – as in modern Ireland and especially
the North, subject of VSIs by Senia Paseta and Marc Mulholland.
Not only does the study of history almost always carry a powerful
political and moral charge, but the very concept of Politics, or of
such key values as Democracy, can only be understood historically:
Kenneth Minogue’s and Bernard Crick’s VSIs on those themes
make that point with both force and verve.
History, then, is quite generally felt to carry both moral and political
authority. Yet its appeal is not just on so deadly serious a level.
People turn to historians wanting to learn, to seek guidance about
53

Are there any good guys?

reading are, encouragingly, far more diverse, less predictable than
that (despite those ubiquitous Nazis). Often, it is precisely the
most alien or unfamiliar which is most engaging. Ever more readers
are curious about a global past, not just a local or national one.
History Very Short Introductions (VSIs) reﬂect that breadth and
diversity. Alongside a strong list of titles in British history, there
are recent books on global themes: Malise Ruthven on Islam,
John Parker and Richard Rathbone on African History, Charles
Townshend on Terrorism, Steven Grosby’s Nationalism, Margaret
Walters’ Feminism, or my own Empire. Studies of major European
thinkers like Quentin Skinner’s Machiavelli are matched by ones on
equally important ﬁgures from elsewhere in the world, like Bhikhu
Parekh’s Gandhi. The range is broad in time as well as space, with
the ancient and medieval past amply represented as in recent VSIs
on The Celts (Barry Cunliffe), The Vikings (Julian Richards), and
The Crusades (Christopher Tyerman).

Everything

burning contemporary issues and perennial puzzles of the human
heart. But they also seek entertainment, and no serious intellectual
ﬁeld has such innate potential to entertain as history does. Its
capacity to surprise, to offer the ‘shock of the new’ by looking with
fresh eyes at the old, is almost unlimited. Things you thought you
knew, ideas you thought you understood, are shaken up. New
patterns emerge, new ways of seeing are revealed. Personally, I have
found myself pleasurably startled out of my previous assumptions
by VSIs on subjects with which I’d thought I was almost wearily
familiar, like Kevin Passmore’s on Fascism, Colin Ward’s on
Anarchism, or John Pinder’s on the European Union.
Many historians (though sadly, by no means all) actually take care
over how they write, avoid obscurantism and pointless jargon, make
the effort to be accessible, enjoyable, even amusing as well as
soberly reﬂective. Certainly the authors of all the history VSIs do all
those things. They all try strenuously to avoid both jargon and
cliché – and the choice of illustrations is often enjoyably unexpected
and cliché-free too. (The proudest boast of my own Empire VSI is
that, almost uniquely among works on its subject, it contains no
pictures of lions at all.)
History students are, very early in their studies, routinely
admonished that they should avoid narrative, and go for an
analytical approach instead. But a great deal of history’s appeal lies
precisely in the sphere of narrative, and there is no reason to be
snobbish about that. There is nothing intellectually disreputable
about telling stories. It is among the oldest of all human activities,
one of the most universal, one of the most demanding. So several of
the history VSIs – like the splendid series which now covers almost
the entire sweep of British history, from Peter Salway’s Roman
Britain to Kenneth Morgan on the twentieth century, or like
William Doyle and S. A. Smith on the French and Russian
Revolutions – offer clear, vigorous narratives, telling us what
happened, to whom, and when. John Arnold’s History VSI itself
urges the point that history is, at bottom, about individuals, what
54

they did and what was done to them – and Arnold illustrates this
with some dazzling vignettes of his own. But of course ‘narrative’
and ‘analysis’ are not really opposites nor enemies. All these books
offer something more than a good story well told. They work hard at
explaining why things happened, or why people believed what they
did – or for that matter, where necessary, why historians can’t agree
about such issues. These volumes may be ‘Introductions’, but they
are not ‘Idiot’s Guides’. All of them reﬂect and try to summarise
many years’ hard thinking on their subjects by the authors. And
they invite the reader to think hard about them too.

History

John H. Arnold

Evidence and interpretation
Historians, like everyone else, can misread, misremember,
misinterpret, or misunderstand things. Every historical account has
gaps, problems, contradictions, areas of uncertainty. An author of
ﬁction can invent people, places, and happenings, whereas a
historian is bound by what the evidence will support. For every
historian, what is at stake is what actually happened – and what it
might mean. There is an excitement to these precarious attempts to
grasp the ‘truth’, a truth that might at any point be revealed as
illusory.
55

Are there any good guys?

Do historians reconstruct the truth or simply tell stories? John
Arnold suggests that they do both, and that the balance between
‘truth’ and ‘story’ is tremendously important to history. Taking us
from the fabulous tales of ancient Greek historians to the varied
approaches of modern historians, he illuminates our relationship
to the past by making us aware of how ‘history’ has changed as a
subject. Concepts such as periodization and causation are discussed
through particular historical examples that illustrate the ways in
which we understand history, giving the reader a sense of the
excitement of discovering not only the past, but also something
about ourselves.

‘His range of knowledge and interests is phenomenal, but his
skill as a communicator makes his own subtle analysis of
history’s history as gripping as a novel.’
Neal Ascherson

Prehistory

Chris Gosden

Everything

A prehistoric site
The activities of a group of early people and animals at Boxgrove,
near Chichester in southern England, half a million years ago can be
reconstructed using archaeology. None of the creatures involved
had the remotest awareness that traces of their activities would
survive for half a million years, preserved by rapid burial under
collapsing cliff sediments. No words survive to tell us of this and
countless other incidents, but we can give voice to questions
aplenty. Beautifully detailed excavation and recording of the site has
shown six (or perhaps seven) discrete areas of ﬂint working where
hand axes were fashioned. Dealing with a three-dimensional jigsaw
puzzle, archaeologists have worked in reverse order to the earlier
hominids – rather than breaking down a big nodule of ﬂint into
small ﬂakes and a large hand axe, they have put the ﬂakes back
together again to create a complete nodule with only one missing
element, the hand axe itself. A void is left in the centre of the stone,
reminding us that in some parts of the world more recent stone
knappers have seen their task as not making a stone tool, but rather
freeing it from its encasing stone material. Once freed, these
particular hand axes have so far eluded archaeological detection,
although they may lie in another part of the same site, discarded by
a meat-bloated creature moving off to rest somewhere safe. Indeed,
many dozens of near-pristine hand axes have been recovered from
Boxgrove, some with microscopic traces that indicate they were
used for butchery.

Vikings

Julian D. Richards

The Viking reputation is of bloodthirsty seafaring warriors,
repeatedly plundering the British Isles and the North Atlantic
56

throughout the early Middle Ages. Yet Vikings were also traders,
settlers, and farmers, with a complex artistic and linguistic
culture.

The Celts

Barry Cunliffe

At the beginning of the 21st century the Celtic debate is in full
ﬂood, with all shades of opinion being expressed – in the title of
a 1998 article by Patrick Sims Williams – ‘from celtomania to
celtoscepticism’. The debate is lively and sometimes a little badtempered, but what all contestants will agree on is the intriguing
complexity of the subject. There are many strands of very disparate
data to be examined. The direct archaeological evidence contributes
insights into ritual behaviour, burial practices, settlement layouts,
and a wide array of material culture including distinctive art styles
commonly referred to as Celtic Art. Linguistic studies show
something of the extent, development, and survival of the group of
closely related languages which, after Lhuyd, we still call Celtic.
Then there are the Classical sources – Greek and Roman writers
with their references to Celti, Celtae, Keltoi, Celtici, Galli, Gallici,
and Galatae – curious barbarians to be caricatured and used as local
colour in the many ‘histories’ presenting the interactions and
57

Are there any good guys?

The term viking was ﬁrst used in Old English. It occurs just three
times in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle where it refers to ‘robbers’,
apparently coastal marauders rather than land-borne armies. It was
not used in other countries which suffered raids from Scandinavia,
and Western observers gave the raiders many different names. In
some cases it was their religion, or lack of it, that was signiﬁcant,
and they were referred to as pagans, heathen, or gentiles. In the
Irish Annals they were often seen as just different and were called
gaill, or ‘foreigners’. In other contexts it was where they came from
that was of interest, and they were Northmanni, or Dani, although
such labels were often used indiscriminately, irrespective of their
actual area of origin. Finally, it may have been their function that
stood out, as pirate or scipmen.

conﬂicts from which the Graeco-Roman world would, through the
craft of the writer, emerge triumphant.
Nor can we overlook the potential contribution of the rich
vernacular literature of Ireland and Wales and the ancient Law
tracts of these countries – texts built up from ancient oral traditions
modiﬁed over generations and layered with accretions at each
retelling.

Everything

It is a rich mix of ingredients, but what we cannot do is to ﬂing them
all into one pot and expect a perfectly formed Celt to emerge. Each
of the different categories of evidence has to be considered within
its own critical parameters to separate fact from wishful thinking
and to distil out what it has to offer to the debate. Whether, in this
process of deconstruction, Celts and Celticism will vanish
altogether remains to be seen. To ﬁnd out, read on.

The Crusades

Christopher Tyerman

The word ‘crusade’, a non-medieval Franco-Spanish hybrid only
popularized in English since the 18th century, has entered the
Anglo-American language as a synonym for a good cause vigorously
pursued, from paciﬁc Christian evangelism to militant temperance.
However ﬂoridly and misleadingly romantic, the image of mailed
knights bearing crosses on surcoats and banners, ﬁghting for their
faith under an alien sun, occupies a familiar niche in the façade of
modern western perceptions of the past. Despite, or perhaps
because of, its lack of context, it remains the indelible image of
crusading in popular culture, shared even by the sculptors of the
late President Assad of Syria. Iconography is never innocent.
Assad’s Damascus Saladin is defeating the Christians at their own
imperialist game as surely as the Ladybird’s Saladin and Richard I
are playing out some 19th-century cultural minuet. Polemicists and
politicians know – or should know – that to invoke the Crusades is
to stir deep cultural myths, assumptions, and prejudices, a fact
recognized by Pope John Paul II’s apology to Jews, Muslims, and
58

Eastern Orthodox Christians for the intolerance and violence
inﬂicted by Catholic warriors of the cross. Although it is difﬁcult to
see how even Christ’s Vicar on earth can apologize for events in
which he did not participate, over which he had no control, and for
which he bore no responsibility, this intellectually muddled gesture
acknowledged the continued inherent potency of crusading, a story
that can still move, outrage, and inﬂame. One of the groups led by
the fundamentalist religious terrorist Usama bin Laden was known
as ‘The World Islamic Front for Crusade against Jews and
Crusaders’. To understand medieval crusading for itself and to
explain its survival may be regarded as an urgent contemporary
task, one for which historians must take responsibility. To this dual
study of history and historiography, of the Crusades and what could
be called their post-history, this is a brief introduction.

Jerry Brotton

In Western Europe, the word ‘Renaissance’ immediately conjures
up images of places like Florence and Venice, and the great artists
and thinkers of the 15th and 16th centuries – Leonardo,
Michelangelo, Copernicus, and Shakespeare. It’s an intoxicating
and deeply persuasive idea that has held sway for nearly two
centuries. This book challenges these deeply held assumptions by
arguing that they were invented in the 19th century by a group of
historians who had little interest in the more global and
multicultural inﬂuences that actually underpinned the foundations
of the Renaissance. In fact, the very term ‘renaissance’ was invented
by historians like Jules Michelet and Jacob Burckhardt in the
19th century; nobody in the 15th century would have identiﬁed
themselves as living through a ‘renaissance’ in the way that we see
ourselves as living in the ‘modern world’.
Rather than Florence, Rome, and Venice, it was places to the east of
Europe – Constantinople, Baghdad, Cairo, Damascus, and the
bazaars of North Africa and the Middle East – that made crucial
contributions to the Renaissance world. The wealth of luxury
59

Are there any good guys?

The Renaissance

objects that Europe bought from the east – spices, silk, porcelain,
gems, horses, even pigments for painting – all contributed to the
extraordinary transformation in art, taste, and cultural life that we
now call the European Renaissance. As well as objects, new ideas in
science and the arts were openly and amicably exchanged with
Arabic and Islamic cultures to Europe’s east. Developments in
algebra, astronomy, anatomy, ﬁnance, even the word for ‘cheque’, all
resulted from European merchants and artists travelling to the east
and learning new ideas, which were slowly but profoundly absorbed
into the European way of life.
‘A young Turk who likes to entertain . . . This is a Renaissance
you can touch and feel’
Sunday Times

Everything

British history in VSIs
Roman Britain

Peter Salway

Britain was within the orbit of Graeco-Roman civilization for
at least half a millennium, and for over 350 years was part of the
political union created by the Roman Empire that encompassed
most of Europe and all the countries of the Mediterranean. Here,
the author weaves together the results of archaeological
investigation and historical scholarship to chart the history of
Britain from the ﬁrst invasion under Julius Caesar to the
ﬁnal collapse of the Romano-British way of life in the
5th century ad.
‘Highly readable, attractively illustrated, admirably succinct,
yet with the odd surprise even for the comparatively wellinformed.’
The Scotsman

The Anglo-Saxon Age

John Blair

Covering the period from the earliest English settlements to the
Norman victory in 1066, this book is a brief introduction to the
60

political, social, religious, and cultural history of an age when so
many basic aspects of modern England were formed: its language,
governmental institutions, rural landscape, communications,
and towns.

Medieval Britain

John Gillingham and

Ralph A. Grifﬁths
The establishment of the Anglo-Norman monarchy in the early
Middle Ages, through to England’s failure to dominate the British
Isles and France in the later Middle Ages, provide the historical
markers for this analysis of Medieval Britain. Out of the turbulence
came stronger senses of identity in Scotland, Wales, and Ireland. Yet
this was an age, too, of growing deﬁnition of Englishness and of a
distinctive English cultural tradition.

John Guy

The most authoritative short introduction to this exciting long
century, The Tudors offers a compelling account of the political,
religious, and economic changes in Britain under such leading
monarchs as Henry VIII and Elizabeth I. This Very Short
Introduction also provides a comprehensive reassessment of the
reigns of Henry VII, Edward VI, and Philip and Mary.

Stuart Britain

John Morrill

A century of revolution is here set into its political, religious, social,
economic, intellectual, and cultural contexts. This title describes
the effects of a period during which population was growing
inexorably, faster than both the food supply and the employment
market. Morrill also portrays the unexpected irruption into civil
war which then took on a terrifying momentum of its own,
resulting in violent revolution and in the abolition of the monarchy,
the House of Lords, and the established Church. He goes on to
describe how painfully and with what difﬁculty order and
obedience were restored.
61

Are there any good guys?

The Tudors

Eighteenth-Century Britain

Paul Langford

Eighteenth-century Britain is sometimes thought of as sedate,
oligarchical, and conservative. Langford reveals the essential
vitality as Britain evolved into a great power, an industrial giant,
and a dynamic commercial society. The transforming effect of
100 years is concisely narrated in all its diversity and complexity.

Nineteenth-Century Britain

Christopher Harvie

Everything

and H. C. G. Matthew
A sharp but subtle account of remarkable economic and social
change – and an even more remarkable political stability. Britain in
1789 was overwhelmingly rural, agrarian, multilingual, and almost
half Celtic. By 1914, when it faced its greatest test since the defeat of
Napoleon, it was largely urban and English. The authors highlight
the forces behind Britain’s rise to its imperial zenith, and the
continuing tensions within the nations of the ‘union state’.

Twentieth-Century Britain

Kenneth O. Morgan

The forces of consensus and of conﬂict in 20th-century Britain
are discussed in this wide-ranging yet concise analysis of the last
century. Morgan covers the trauma of the First World War and
the social divisions of the 1920s; ﬁerce domestic and foreign
policy debates in the 1930s; the impact of the Second World War
on domestic transformation, popular culture, and the loss of
empire; the transition from the turmoil of the 1970s to the
aftermath of Thatcherism and the advent of New Labour.
Profound tensions that shook the United Kingdom are juxtaposed
against an equally deep desire for stability, cohesion, and a sense
of historic identity.

Empire

Stephen Howe

A great deal of the world’s history is the history of empires. Howe
explores the idea of empire in the widest sense, from the ancient
62

Roman Empire, through the colonization of the Americas and the
Soviet empire, to our recent memories of colonial rule and the
new economic-based imperial systems. This is a challenging and
compelling book that offers new insights into profound changes in
the modern world.

Writers on empire

And it was at this moment, as I stood there with the riﬂe in my
hands, that I ﬁrst grasped the hollowness, the futility of the
white man’s dominion in the East. Here was I, the white man
with his gun, standing in front of the unarmed native crowd –
seemingly the leading actor in the piece; but in reality I was only
an absurd puppet pushed to and fro by the will of those yellow
faces behind. I perceived in this moment that when the white
man turns tyrant it is his own freedom that he destroys.
He becomes a sort of hollow, posturing dummy, the
conventionalized ﬁgure of a sahib. For it is a condition of his
rule, that he shall spend his life in trying to impress the ‘natives’
and so in every crisis he has got to do what the ‘natives’ expect
of him. He wears a mask, and his face grows to ﬁt it.
George Orwell in ‘Shooting an Elephant’ (1936)

Globalization

Manfred Steger

‘Globalization studies’ is emerging as a new ﬁeld that cuts across
traditional disciplinary boundaries. This strong emphasis on
interdisciplinarity requires students of globalization to familiarize
63

Are there any good guys?

The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it
away from those who have a different complexion or slightly
ﬂatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look
at it too much. What redeems it is the idea only. An idea at the
back of it; not a sentimental pretence but an idea; an unselﬁsh
belief in the idea – something you can set up, and bow down
before, and offer a sacriﬁce to.
Joseph Conrad in Heart of Darkness (1899)

Countries versus transnational corporations: A comparison
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.

Country
Denmark
Poland
South Africa
Israel
Ireland
Malaysia
Chile
Pakistan
New Zealand
Hungary

GDP ($ mil)
174,363.0
154,146.0
131,127.0
99,068.0
84,861.0
74,634.0
71,092.0
59,880.0
53,622.0
48,355.0

Corporation
General Motors
Wal-Mart
Exxon Mobil
Royal Dutch/Shell
IBM
Siemens
Hitachi
Sony
Honda Motor
Credit Suisse

Sales ($ mil)
176,558.0
166,809.0
163,881.0
105,366.0
87,548.0
75,337.0
71,858.5
60,052.7
54,773.5
49,362.0

Everything

SOURCE: Sales: Fortune, 31 July 2000. GDP: World Bank, World Development
Report 2000.

themselves with literatures on subjects that have often been studied
in isolation from each other. The greatest challenge facing today’s
globalization researcher lies, therefore, in connecting and
synthesizing the various strands of knowledge in a way that does
justice to the increasingly ﬂuid and interdependent nature of our
postmodern world. In short, globalization studies calls for an
interdisciplinary approach broad enough to behold the ‘big picture’.
Such a comprehensive intellectual enterprise may well lead to
the rehabilitation of the academic generalist whose status, for too
long, has been overshadowed by the specialist.
The author argues that we should take comfort in the fact that the
world is becoming a more interdependent place that enhances
people’s ability to recognize and acknowledge their common
humanity.

The French Revolution

William Doyle

Every person of good general knowledge in the 19th century
knew something about the great upheaval that had marked the
last years of the 18th. Nobody who knew anything of France, even
at second hand (if only through learning what was still the ﬁrst
64

‘The best introduction to its subject in any language’
Tim Blanning, University of Cambridge

The Russian Revolution

S. A. Smith

The years between 1918 and 1922 in Russia witnessed a level of
strife and anarchy unparalleled since the ‘Time of Troubles’ of
1605–13, when struggles between pretenders to the throne brought
Russia to a state of chaos. The civil war brutalized social life to an
unimaginable degree, yet as an epic struggle between the new and
old worlds it inspired idealism and heroism among the dedicated
minorities who supported the Red and White causes. The young
Bolshevik V. Poliansky recalled:
We all lived in an atmosphere of revolutionary romanticism,
tired, exhausted, but joyful, festive, our hair uncut, unwashed,
unshaven, but bright and clear in heart and mind.
65

Are there any good guys?

foreign language of choice throughout most of the world), could
fail to imbibe some sense that this country had been marked by a
traumatic convulsion only just beyond living memory. Many
believed, or felt, that this must have been for the best and
somehow necessary. New nations have been proud to proclaim
their emancipation, or to anticipate it, like the patriots of
Brussels in 1789, or Milan in 1796, by adopting tricolour ﬂags.
This banner of liberty still ﬂies from Rome to Mexico City, from
Bucharest to Dublin. Poles, who ﬁrst sang the Marseillaise in
1794 as they resisted the carve-up of their country, sang it again
in 1956 in revolt against Soviet tyranny. In 1989, as France
commemorated the Revolution’s 200th anniversary, the same
anthem of deﬁance was heard in Beijing, among the doomed
student protesters in Tiananmen Square. Few countries have
failed to experience some sort of revolution since 1789, and in all
of them there have been people looking back to what happened
in France then and subsequently for inspiration, models, patterns,
or warnings.

Everything

Yet the reality was that Russia succumbed to an economic and
social cataclysm. The population on Soviet territory fell by 12.7
million between 1917 and early 1922, only partly due to civil war as
such. The losses of Soviet armed forces ranged from 1,150,000 to
1,250,000; and, when the losses of Whites, partisans, and
nationalist forces are included, war-related losses rise to between
2.5 million and 3.3 million. Far more perished as a result of
disease – between 1917 and 1920 over 2 million died of typhus,
typhoid fever, smallpox, and dysentery – causing Lenin to warn
that, ‘either the louse will defeat socialism or socialism will defeat
the louse’. Finally, and most hideously, between 1921 and 1922 as
many as 6 million died of starvation and disease in a famine that
devastated the Volga region and Ukraine. Not without reason did
the novelist Boris Pasternak conclude: ‘In our days even the air
smells of death.’

The First World War

Michael Howard

If there was a single political cause for the war, it was the
advent among the European powers of a dynamic new German
Empire whose combination of military, economic, and industrial
strength seemed, to its ruling classes, to entitle it to a ranking
among world powers that it did not as yet possess. At the same
time it appeared threatened by a domestic instability that made
its rulers apprehensive as well as ambitious. Simultaneously, the
growth of nationalism among the Slav peoples of Central and
Southeast Europe threatened the survival of Germany’s ally,
the multi-national Habsburg Empire. In both countries war
increasingly seemed the only solution to their problems,
but this mood was general not only in Vienna and Berlin.
Throughout Europe there was a sense that war would be a
necessary therapy for a society that urbanization, secularization,
and modernization were making degenerate and decadent.
Rupert Brooke was not the only poet who felt like ‘a
swimmer into cleanness leaping’ when Britain declared war on
14 August 1914.
66

Those primarily concerned with planning the war knew that unless
it could be rapidly won its consequences would be terrible. They
hoped that, like its predecessors of 1866 and 1870, it could be
settled in a few great battles, leaving the framework of society
undisturbed. There were indeed great battles, notably those of
Tannenberg and the Marne, but they settled nothing. Belligerent
governments summoned up reserves of man-power, converted their
industries to the production of munitions, found ﬁnancial resources
from loans, taxes, or simply inﬂation, and settled down to a war of
attrition. This involved wearing down not only each other’s armies
but their entire societies to the point of collapse; killing their
soldiers and starving their civilians. The greater the sacriﬁces they
suffered, the more reluctant they were to consider any peace short
of total victory.

The Spanish Civil War

Helen Graham

The Spanish Civil War was the ﬁrst fought in Europe in which
civilians became targets en masse, through bombing raids on big
cities. The new photo-journalism that made Spain’s the ﬁrst
‘photogenic’ war in history also transmitted searing images of the
vast numbers of political refugees produced by the conﬂict. There
had been mass population displacements during the First World
War, but none had had Spain’s visibility. The Civil War made a deep
impression on those watching from other European countries. For
Spaniards themselves, the shock was huge. There were no remotely
comparative terms of reference for the military, industrial, social,
and political mobilization the Civil War produced, since Spain had
not participated in the First World War of 1914–18. As is well
known, Spain also became the place where other powers tested the
latest technologies of warfare. Even more bleakly, the conﬂict
revealed what war on European soil could mean – presaging the
puriﬁcatory, genocidal, and retributive conﬂicts of those many other
67

Are there any good guys?

‘succinct, comprehensive and beautifully written’
Times Literary Supplement

civil wars waged across the continent between 1939 and the end of
the 1940s.

Fascism

Kevin Passmore

Everything

Nazi Germany: The Enabling Act 1933
The opening session of the last Reichstag took place in the Kroll
Opera House, situated on the Tiergarten in central Berlin, for the
Reichstag building had been destroyed by ﬁre a few weeks
previously. Inside the hall a huge swastika ﬂag hung behind the
platform occupied by the cabinet and President of the Reichstag.
Only one item lay before the Reichstag: an Enabling Law, giving the
Chancellor the power to issue laws without the approval of the
Reichstag, even where they deviated from the constitution.
Frowning intensely, Hitler read his declaration with an unusual
self-possession. In reply, the socialist Otto Wels courageously
invoked the ‘principles of humanity and justice, of freedom and
socialism’. Yet the French Ambassador remembered that he spoke
with the air of a beaten child. His voice choking with emotion, Wels
concluded by expressing best wishes to those already ﬁlling
concentration camps and prisons. Hitler responded by accusing
socialists of having persecuted the Nazis for 14 years. Socialists
heckled, but stormtroopers behind them hissed ‘you’ll be strung
up today’.
The Enabling Law was passed by 444 votes against the 94 of
the socialists. It destroyed the rule of law and in practice licensed
the Nazis to act as they saw ﬁt, in the ‘higher interests of the
German people’, against anyone deemed to be an enemy of the
Reich.
‘excellent introduction . . . concise and refreshingly free of
jargon.’
Times Literary Supplement

68

The Cold War

Robert McMahon

Modern Ireland

Senia Pašeta

The Act of Union between Great Britain and Ireland which came
into effect on 1 January 1801 presents historians with a convenient
but far from straightforward starting point for a survey of modern
Irish history. Many of the conﬂicts which have characterized Irish
political, social, and economic life since 1800 were in place well
before the Act was introduced. International events were already
exacerbating local tensions. The violent and dynamic ﬁnal three
decades of the 18th century which prompted the introduction of the
Act were themselves products of a longer and constantly evolving
struggle between competing political minds, identities, and
69

Are there any good guys?

The vast swath of death and destruction precipitated by the
Second World War left not only much of Europe and Asia in ruins
but the old international order as well. ‘The whole world structure
and order that we had inherited from the nineteenth century was
gone’, marvelled US Assistant Secretary of State Dean Acheson.
Indeed, the Eurocentric international system that had dominated
world affairs for the past 500 years had, virtually overnight,
vanished. Two continent-sized military behemoths – already being
dubbed superpowers – had risen in its stead, each intent upon
forging a new order consonant with its particular needs and
values. As the war moved into its ﬁnal phase, even the most casual
observer of world politics could see that the United States and the
Soviet Union held most of the military, economic, and diplomatic
cards. On one basic goal, those adversaries-turned-allies were in
essential accord: that some semblance of authority and stability
needed to be restored with dispatch – and not just to those areas
directly affected by the war but to the broader international
system as well. The task was as urgent as it was daunting since, as
Under Secretary of State Joseph Grew warned in June 1945:
‘Anarchy may result from the present economic distress and
political unrest.’

programmes. The Act of Union attempted to address the issues
underlying the conﬂicts, but each one continued to simmer
throughout the next two centuries.

Everything

Northern Ireland

Marc Mulholland

Bloody Sunday, on 30 January 1972, was the debacle that led to
the almost complete collapse of Catholic opposition to political
violence. Confronting a relatively small-scale riot, the elite
parachute regiment shot dead 13 unarmed demonstrators (a 14th
died later of wounds). One British Army ofﬁcer indicated perfectly
the self-defeating militarism of counter-insurgency: ‘When we
moved on the streets we moved as if we in fact were moving against
a well-armed, well-trained army.’ Not one of the fatalities on Bloody
Sunday was an IRA man. Had the British Army ﬁred on a similar
crowd a month later, again targeting men of military age, they
would hardly have been able to avoid enemy kills: Bloody Sunday
led to a mass inﬂux into the ranks of the Derry IRA. The relentless
bombing campaign was accelerated; of the city’s 150 shops, only 20
were left trading. Almost one-third of the 320 deaths in Derry
attributed to the Troubles were the result of street clashes and gun
battles during this period (54 of those killed were members of the
Security Forces).

Terrorism

Charles Townshend

Terrorism upsets people. It does so deliberately. That is its point,
and that is why it has engaged so much of our attention at the turn
of the 21st century. The 11 September 2001 attack on New York
saw damage that looked like a wartime air raid. Although the
casualty list mercifully shrank from a potential 50,000 to 5,000,
and ﬁnally to less than 4,000, the vision of mass destruction,
previously restricted to the kind of weapons possessed by only a
handful of major powers, had appeared.
70

The search for an ‘adequate’ deﬁnition of terrorism is still on. Why
the difﬁculty? In a word, it is ‘labelling’, because ‘terrorist’ is a
description that has almost never been voluntarily adopted by any
individual or group, possibly as a result of the notion that one
person’s terrorist is another’s freedom ﬁghter. It is applied to them
by others, ﬁrst and foremost by the governments of the states they
attack. Terrorism appears to be a state of mind rather than an
activity.

What is terrorism?
‘The calculated use or threat of violence to inculcate fear, intended to
coerce or intimidate governments or societies.’
US Government

UK Government

‘Terrorism is a distinctive form of modern political agency, intended
to threaten the ability of a state to ensure the security of its
members.’
Sunil Khilnani, Professor of Politics, UCL

‘Like the other excellent books in this series, this is rigorous and
compelling . . . balanced, sensible.’
Independent on Sunday

Nationalism

Steve Grosby

Distinctive of nationalism is the belief that the nation is the only
goal worthy of pursuit – an assertion that often leads to the belief
that the nation demands unquestioned and uncompromising
loyalty. When such a belief about the nation becomes predominant,
71

Are there any good guys?

‘The use or threat, for the purpose of advancing a political, religious
or ideological course of action, of serious violence against any person or
property.’

it can threaten individual liberty. Moreover, nationalism often
asserts that other nations are implacable enemies to one’s own
nation; it injects hatred of what is perceived to be foreign, whether
another nation, an immigrant, or a person who may practise
another religion or speak a different language. Of course, one need
not view one’s own nation and its relation to other nations in such
a manner.

Everything

However, clarifying further what we mean by the terms ‘nation’
and ‘nationalism’, and addressing the other questions already raised
brieﬂy, involve other related problems: what is a social relation?;
what is a territory?; what is kinship?; the appearance of the nation
in history; the relation of the nation to religion; and the tendency of
humanity to divide itself into different nations. Each of these
problems will be taken up in this Very Short Introduction.

Anarchism

Colin Ward

Anarchism is a social and political ideology which, despite a history
of defeat, continually re-emerges in a new guise or in a new country,
so that another chapter has to be added to its chronology, or another
dimension to its scope.
The word ‘anarchy’ comes from the Greek anarkhia, meaning
contrary to authority or without a ruler, and was used in a
derogatory sense until 1840, when it was adopted by Pierre-Joseph
Proudhon to describe his political and social ideology. Proudhon
argued that organization without government was both possible
and desirable. In the evolution of political ideas, anarchism can be
seen as an ultimate projection of both liberalism and socialism, and
the differing strands of anarchist thought can be related to their
emphasis on one or the other of these.

72

Feminism

Margaret Walters

Ideology

Michael Freeden

Ideology is one of the most controversial terms in our political
vocabulary, exciting both repulsion and inspiration.
In effect, the study of ideology is most proﬁtably recognized as the
study of actual political thought – the concrete thinking of political
communities and within political communities. For anyone
interested in the sphere of politics that study is not an optional
extra; it focuses on the world of ideas and symbols through which
political actors ﬁnd their way and comprehend their social
surroundings. It informs their practices and institutions and it
establishes the parameters of their moral prescriptions and
expectations. It may or may not be illusory; it may or may not
represent something else outside it – but initially it doesn’t really
matter that much if what we want to do is to understand what
73

Are there any good guys?

But how often, still, do we hear women anxiously asserting ‘I’m not
a feminist but . . .’ as they go on to make claims that depend upon,
and would be impossible without, a feminist groundwork? The
American feminist Estelle Freedman argues that right from its
origins, the word has carried negative connotations; that
surprisingly few politically engaged women have styled themselves
feminists. In the 1990s some feminists in England and the United
States identiﬁed and warned against a ‘backlash’ against feminism
and its undoubted achievements. Juliet Mitchell and Ann Oakley,
for example, called their third collection of essays Who’s Afraid of
Feminism?, with a cartoon of a big bad wolf on the original jacket
cover. They argued that ‘attacks on feminism frequently merge into
a wider misogyny’; ‘the feminist’ is now the name given to the
disliked or despised woman, much as ‘man-hater’ or ‘castrating
bitch’, ‘harridan’ or ‘witch’, were used before the 1960s. They added
that women also have to expose and eradicate the misogyny
inherent in feminism itself.

political thinking is, long before we deconstruct it critically or
expose its pretensions. To explore ideologies is to penetrate the
heart of politics, and it requires a sympathetic student, not a
dismissive or a disillusioned one. Politics is principally concerned
with making collective decisions and with the regulation of conﬂict
that both precedes and follows such decisions. Thinking about
politics is always thinking deﬁned by, and channelled in, those
directions.

Socialism

Michael Newman

Everything

What is socialism? Does it have a future, or has it become an
outdated ideology in the 21st century?
Michael Newman examines and explains the successes and failures
of modern socialism by taking an international perspective –
ranging from communism in Cuba to social democracy in Sweden.
Discussing its evolution from the industrial towns of the 19th
century to its response to the feminist, Green, and anti-capitalist
movements today, Newman concludes that, with its values of
equality, solidarity, and cooperation, socialism remains as relevant
as ever but that it needs to learn lessons from the past.

Sociology

Steve Bruce

It is a sign of the power of sociology that it is both popular and
reviled. Longer established academic disciplines deride it as a
gauche newcomer but adopt its perspectives. Ordinary people mock
those who pursue it professionally, yet take some of its assumptions
for granted. Governments accuse the discipline of undermining
morality and social discipline, yet hire sociologists to evaluate their
policies.
Our uneasiness with the discipline can be seen in the frequency and
the nature of the jokes. This may just be my professional paranoia,
74

but it seems that there are sociologist jokes in a way that there are
not historian jokes. As such humour does not translate terribly well
I will recount just one. This gem came from the British television
series Minder, a ﬁne 1980s comedy of minor villains and London
low life. Two lovable rogues are discussing a mutual acquaintance
who has just been released from prison. One announces that their
friend has been improving himself while inside by studying: ‘Yeh.
He’s got an Open University degree now. In sociology.’ The second
asks: ‘Has he given up the thieving then?’ and the ﬁrst replies: ‘Nah!
But now he knows why he does it!’

Capitalism

James Fulcher

In a capitalist society, both capital and labour have an abstract and
disembedded quality, since both are separated from speciﬁc
economic activities and are therefore able in principle to move into
any activity that suitably rewards them. In real life this mobility is
constrained by the existing skills and experience of both the owners
of capital and workers, and by the relationships and attachments
that they have formed. The potential mobility of capital and labour
is, nonetheless, one of the features of capitalist societies that gives
them their characteristic dynamism.
So, the answer to the question ‘what is capitalism?’ is that
capitalism involves the investment of money to make more money.
75

Are there any good guys?

Capitalists existed before capitalism proper. Since the earliest times
merchants have made money by investing in goods that they sold at
a proﬁt. As we saw with the East India Company, a merchant
capitalism of this kind could be highly organized and very
proﬁtable, but it was an activity that involved only a small part of
the economy. Most people’s livelihoods did not come from economic
activities ﬁnanced by the investment of capital. In capitalism proper
the whole economy becomes dependent on the investment of
capital and this occurs when it is not just trade that is ﬁnanced in
this way but production as well.

While merchants have long done this, it is when production is
ﬁnanced in this way that a transformative capitalism comes into
being. Capitalist production depends on the exploitation of wage
labour, which also fuels the consumption of the goods and services
produced by capitalist enterprises. Production and consumption
are linked by the markets that come to mediate all economic
activities. Markets enable competition between enterprises but also
generate tendencies towards concentration in order to reduce
uncertainty. Market ﬂuctuations also provide the basis of a
speculative form of capitalism, which may not be productive but is,
nonetheless, based on mechanisms that are central to the operation
of a capitalist economy.

Everything

Democracy

Bernard Crick

No political concept is more used and misused than that of
democracy. Here, Crick examines the history of the doctrine,
practices, and institutions of democracy. There are many meanings
attached to the word ‘democracy’; it is what philosophers have
called ‘an essentially contested concept’ because the very deﬁnition
carries a different social, moral, or political agenda. Plato detested
the concept of democracy, considering it to be the rule of opinion
over knowledge. Whereas for his pupil, Aristotle, democracy was a
basic condition for good government.

Politics

Kenneth Minogue

Politics is so central to our civilization that its meaning changes
with every change of culture and circumstance. For this reason, our
ﬁrst move in trying to understand politics must be to free ourselves
from the unreﬂective beliefs of the present. One aim of this book is
to explain how it came about that what used to be a limited activity
conducted by the elites of some Western countries is now thought to
be the inescapable preoccupation of mankind. Why do we need
politics? If men were angels, no government would be needed. But
since some sort of government is needed, could we not ﬁnd a better
76

solution than the states revealed to us by history as riddled with
war, poverty, and violence? High hopes of this kind have often
erupted among the poor on the margins of politics, and have
sometimes captured the centre. Such hopes unmistakably derive
from a millennial version of Christianity, and they have had
explosive consequences.

British Politics

Tony Wright

Try this game. You have to ﬁll in the blank.
French wine
Italian food
German cars
British __

There is a good case to be made for ‘politics’ or ‘government’. This is
not an original answer. Indeed, it has long been held (not least by
the British) that Britain has displayed a particular approach to
politics that has offered lessons to the world in making government
work. ‘This country’s distinctive contribution to civilisation’,
proclaimed the Daily Telegraph not so long ago, ‘has been the
development of stable institutions of representative government.’
There is plenty to unpick in such a statement (which country
precisely?; what kind of stability?; does representative mean
democratic?), but it faithfully echoes a long line of such judgements
about the political genius and blessings of the British.

The European Union

John Pinder

The European Union of today is the result of a process that began
half a century ago with the creation of the European Coal and Steel
77

Are there any good guys?

Not easy, is it? One suggestion might be ‘language’, which would be
the obvious candidate except for the fact that it is not English but
British that we are talking about (a characteristic confusion that is
discussed in this book). This also disqualiﬁes ‘hooligans’.

Everything

Community. Those two industries then provided the industrial
muscle for military power; and Robert Schuman, the French
Foreign Minister, afﬁrmed on 9 May 1950, in his declaration to
launch the project, that ‘any war between France and Germany’
would become ‘not merely unthinkable, but materially impossible’.
The Union has the capacity to provide the framework for Europe’s
new economy and democratic stability, and to assist the
development of a world system that can deliver security and
sustainable development.
It may not be easy, at today’s distance, to appreciate how much this
meant, only ﬁve years after the end of the war of 1939–45 which had
brought such terrible suffering to almost all European countries.
For France and Germany, which had been at war with each other
three times in the preceding eight decades, ﬁnding a way to live
together in a durable peace was a fundamental political priority
that the new Community was designed to serve. John Pinder
shows us how and why the Union was set up, and how it has
developed.
The Observer

‘Invaluable’

The World Trade Organization

Amrita Narliker

Since its inception, the World Trade Organization has generated
debate, controversy, and even outrage. Its far-reaching impact on
peoples’ everyday lives makes the WTO a subject of importance not
just to economists, but to everyone. It is simultaneously accused of
both not doing enough and of doing too much, and its high-level
meetings have come to be associated with impassioned and angry
protests.
This book provides a timely exploration of what the WTO is, what it
does, and the complicated politics involved in its negotiations and
rulings. Confronting the controversy surrounding the WTO headon, the author highlights issues of power, marginalization, and
78

development, and raises the important question of whether it
actually deserves the reputation it has come to acquire.

Machiavelli

Quentin Skinner

The Daily Telegraph

‘an informative study.’

Gandhi

Bhikhu Parekh

Deeply unhappy with the basic thrust of modern civilization,
Gandhi spent most of his adult life exploring an alternative. In
Western thought such exploration has generally taken the form
of constructing a Utopian, or ideal, society. Gandhi believed that,
since different societies had different histories and traditions, the
search for a single model was both incoherent and dangerous. For
him, all that a critic could and should do was to suggest the general
principles that should govern the good society, leaving each society
free to realize them in its own unique way. Gandhi’s regulative
principles of the good society were derived from his theory of
human nature. The good society should be informed by the spirit of
cosmic piety. Since human beings are not masters or owners, but
79

Are there any good guys?

Machiavelli died nearly 500 years ago, but his name lives on as a
byword for cunning, duplicity, and the exercise of bad faith in
political affairs. Machiavelli’s criticism of classical and
contemporary humanism is a simple but devastating one. He argues
that, if a ruler wishes to reach his highest goals, he will not always
ﬁnd it rational to be moral; on the contrary, he will ﬁnd that any
consistent attempt to cultivate the princely virtues will prove to be a
ruinously irrational policy. But what of the Christian objection
that this is a foolish as well as a wicked position to adopt, since it
forgets the Day of Judgement on which all injustices will ﬁnally be
punished? About this Machiavelli says nothing at all. His silence
is eloquent, indeed epoch-making; it echoed around Christian
Europe, at ﬁrst eliciting a stunned silence in return, and then a howl
of execration that has never ﬁnally died away.

guardians, of the rest of creation, they should so organize their
collective life that it respects the latter’s integrity, diversity, rhythm,
and inner balance, and make no greater demands on it than are
required for a life of moderate comfort.

Economics

Partha Dasgupta

Everything

The Economist’s Agenda
Economics in large measure tries to uncover the processes that
inﬂuence how people’s lives come to be what they are. The
discipline also tries to identify ways to inﬂuence those very
processes so as to improve the prospects of those who are hugely
constrained in what they can be and do. The former activity involves
ﬁnding explanations, while the latter tries to identify policy
prescriptions. Economists also make forecasts of what the
conditions of economic life are going to be; but if the predictions
are to be taken seriously, they have to be built on an understanding
of the processes that shape people’s lives; which is why the attempt
to explain takes precedence over forecasting.
The context in which explanations are sought or in which
prescriptions are made could be a household, a village, a district, a
country, or even the whole world – the extent to which people or
places are aggregated merely reﬂects the details with which we
choose to study the social world. Imagine that we wish to
understand the basis on which food is shared among household
members in a community. Household income would no doubt be
expected to play a role; but we would need to look inside
households if we are to discover whether food is allocated on the
basis of age, gender, and status. If we ﬁnd that it is, we should ask
why they play a role and what policy prescriptions, if any, commend
themselves. In contrast, suppose we want to know whether the
world as a whole is wealthier today than it was ﬁfty years ago. As the
question is about global averages, we would be justiﬁed in ironing
out differences within and among households.
80

Averaging is required over time as well. The purpose of the study
and the cost of collecting information together inﬂuence the choice
of the unit of time over which the averaging is done. Population
census in India, for example, is conducted once every ten years.
More frequent censuses would be far more costly and wouldn’t yield
information of any great importance. In contrast, if we are to study
changes in the volume of home sales across seasons, even annual
statistics would miss the point of the inquiry. Monthly statistics on
home sales are a favourite compromise between detail and the cost
of obtaining detail.

Forthcoming

81

Are there any good guys?

African History, John Parker and Richard Rathbone
Antisemitism, Steven Beller
Citizenship, Richard Bellamy
Fundamentalism, Malise Ruthven
Human Migration, Khalid Koser
HIV/AIDS, Alan Whiteside
International Relations, Paul Wilkinson
Racism, Ali Rattansi

Chapter 5
Heaven and Hell

Introduction

by Damien Keown

In today’s ‘global village’ understanding one’s own religion or
culture is no longer enough: we need in addition to understand how
and why our neighbour may see things differently. The series of Very
Short Introductions includes many titles that illustrate how the
enduring and deeply inﬂuential phenomenon of religious belief has
inﬂuenced the major cultures and civilizations of the world.
The series includes volumes on Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam, and
Judaism – with the recent volume on Christianity completing the
set of ﬁve main world religions. There are further titles on some of
the founders and signiﬁcant historical ﬁgures of these religions,
such as the Buddha and Saint Paul. Two Very Short Introductions
introduce important religious scriptures – the Bible and the Koran
– and another explores the broad subject of theology. This is a
measure of the interest in the subject of religion in today’s
multicultural world.
Much of the most exciting contemporary work in theology and
ethics is being produced at the interface of different religious
traditions, where discussion generates insights and creative
resolution of global problems. On issues such as human rights,
poverty, the environment, and scientiﬁc developments in genetics,
there is a surprising amount of convergence among religions. In the
interfaith discussions I have attended, it has always seemed clear
that there is much more that unites than divides the different
82

religious traditions, an intuition that can be conﬁrmed by browsing
through the titles on religion in the VSI series.
But is it possible to condense such a vast topic as a religion – with its
complex doctrines and often thousands of years of history – into a
single volume, and a slim one at that? When asked to contribute to
the series myself, I was sceptical that this could be done, but I am
now a conﬁrmed believer in the ‘small is beautiful’ approach to
introductions. Requiring authors to focus only on the essentials
produces a clearer and sharper picture. Once the key concepts have
been grasped, longer supplementary works can be consulted as
required, but the task of learning is greatly enhanced by a good primer.

It is precisely the challenges of modernity that will lead many
readers, perplexed at contemporary events, to peruse these volumes
in order to understand the motives of those who act in ways that
otherwise seem incomprehensible. The tragic events of
11 September 2001 in New York, so graphically witnessed on
television, continue to reverberate at a global level in social,
political, and economic circles. Following these events, Americans
have been reading introductory works on Islam at an
83

Heaven and Hell

Clearly, no short work can be exhaustive, but a surprising amount
of information can be compressed into a small number of pages,
especially by making skilful and appropriate use of text boxes,
diagrams, maps, and chronologies, as the series manages to do. As
an example, my own volume on Buddhism includes chapters
discussing the nature and deﬁnition of Buddhism, the life of the
Buddha, karma and cosmology, Buddhist doctrine, Mahayana
Buddhism, Buddhist ethics, and Buddhism in the West. For the past
few years I have used this volume as a set text for my undergraduate
classes on Buddhism, with considerable success. Other authors in
the series classify their subject in different ways, but each volume on
the world religions provides the essential information required to
understand the main teachings, beliefs, and historical evolution of
that tradition and its place in the modern world.

Everything

unprecedented rate in an attempt to comprehend those who could
strike at their country with such hatred. And it is not only
Americans who are seeking to understand Islam – as the recent
bombings in Bali and Kenya have demonstrated, Islamic
fundamentalism is a global force that affects not just the United
States. In this connection, the volume on Islam in this series,
together with the forthcoming one on fundamentalism, will provide
an excellent starting point for anyone seeking to comprehend the
motives of groups like al-Qaida, and the relationship between
political objectives, violence, and religious faith.
Many in the West, of course, have turned away from religion in
favour of ‘modernity’, only to ﬁnd the secular world, with its
individualism and consumer values, spiritually unfulﬁlling. Writers
such as Charles Taylor have described how the search for ‘a
momentary sense of wow!’ has displaced religious life, leading to a
feeling of drift, lack of practical conviction, and loss of meaning.
Related to this is the phenomenon of religious consumerism –
church and faith shopping – whereby religions are mixed and
matched as required. Think of Madonna’s mystical odyssey through
Kabbalah, yoga, and Buddhism, or Bob Dylan’s spiritual saga
involving encounters with Christianity, Judaism, and atheism.
Although the phenomenon of declining church attendance is often
adduced as an indicator of the progressive secularization of Western
society (on average only some 20% of Europeans describe
themselves as actively involved in religious practice), readers seem
to have a greater appetite than ever for books about religion. In part
this paradox may be explained by the fact that the ‘West’ is not a
homogeneous entity: in a June 1998 CNN/USA Today Gallup poll,
62% of Americans said that religion is ‘very important’ in their own
lives, 70% claimed to be members of a church or synagogue, and
40% said they had attended religious services the previous week.
One thing is for sure: religious pluralism is an essential feature of
the modern world and is likely to remain so. The United States,
84

apart from being the only remaining superpower, is now the most
religiously diverse nation on earth. In a world where
denominational loyalties are often entwined with racial, ethnic, or
national identities, and where religious faith is often used (or
misused) in the quest for political and military objectives, a sound
understanding of the world’s diverse faiths can go a long way to
secure peace and harmony among nations.

Christianity

Linda Woodhead

At one end of the spectrum, we have forms of Christianity shaped by
reverence for higher power. They focus on a God who inﬁnitely
transcends the world and human beings and rules over them. Such
Christianity sees the good life – the holy life – as involving sacriﬁce
of one’s own (sinful) thoughts, choices, and desires in order to live
up to the higher life that God requires. At the other end of the
spectrum, we have something different: forms of Christianity that
place less emphasis upon God’s rule over human beings, and more
emphasis upon the divine in the human. Rather than worship a
God who remains high above human life, they focus upon the
possibility of the divine coming into being in human life. As such,
they place their emphasis not on power from above but power from
below; not on power from outside but power from within.
Interpretations of Jesus differ accordingly: for a Christianity of
higher power, he is a transcendent being who must be obeyed;
85

Heaven and Hell

Christianity has a vast reservoir of resources for shaping life and
death. Like most religions it is more capacious and ﬂexible than a
philosophical system, and works not only with abstract concepts
but with vivid stories, striking images, resonant symbols, and
life-shaping rituals. It appeals to heart and senses as well as mind,
and offers a range of prompts and provocations for guiding and
shaping the lives of individuals and societies. There are nevertheless
limits to what can count as Christian, for in opening up some
possibilities for life and thought it rules out others.

whereas for a Christianity of inner power, he is a spiritual being who
can inspire, in-Spirit, and divinize human life.

Anglicanism

Mark Chapman

Everything

With more than 70 million followers worldwide, Anglicanism is one
of the most widespread expressions of Christianity. From its origins
in the 16th century conﬂict with Rome, through its expansion with
the British Empire, it has today diversiﬁed into a multitude of
national churches across the globe.
Mark Chapman examines how Anglicanism is deﬁned, and traces
its history and development, along the way revealing what is
distinctive about its theology. Highlighting the contemporary
diversity of this worldwide phenomenon, Chapman also examines
the problems it faces: from post-colonialism and secularisation to
the headline-grabbing controversies over women priests and
homosexuality. Chapman ends his account with thought-provoking
suggestions of possible futures for the Anglican Communion.

Theology

David F. Ford

David Ford provides both believers and non-believers with a
balanced survey of the central questions of contemporary theology.
He inspects the principles underlying religious belief, including the
centrality of salvation to most major religions, the changing concept
of God over time, and the issue of sin and evil. He also probes the
nature of experience, knowledge, and wisdom in theology, and
discusses what is involved in interpreting theological texts today.

What about Jesus?
Considering Jesus theologically means neither taking the Jesus
of mainstream Christian worship as the last word, nor being
continually blown about by fashions. It is rather about pursuing,
in ways that take seriously the best available scholarship and
86

theological thinking, basic questions such as: How is the New
Testament and other testimony to Jesus to be understood and
assessed? What is to be made of the classic developments in
Christian doctrine about Jesus, which lie behind the ways in which
he is related to in contemporary Christian faith? What is the
signiﬁcance of the amazing variety of images and portrayals of Jesus
through history and the world today?
‘it succeeds brilliantly in its task of introduction.’
Stephen Sykes, Bishop of Ely

The Bible

John Riches

Rogue editions of the Bible
Printers’ errors and unusual translations have led to a number
of versions of the Bible gaining nicknames. These are some of the
better known:
Printers’ Bible: with ‘Printers’ for ‘Princes’ in Psalm 119:161, producing, for the publishers, the ﬁnely appropriate sentence: ‘Printers
have persecuted me without a cause.’
Vinegar Bible: 1717 edition with a running title for Luke 22 reading
‘the parable of the vinegar’, for ‘vineyard’.
Wicked Bible: 1632 edition in which the seventh commandment
reads: ‘Thou shalt commit adultery.’

‘offers a balanced, scholarly overview.’
87

The Independent

Heaven and Hell

The Bible is one of the most inﬂuential and widely read books in the
world, selling 2.5 billion copies between 1815 and 1975, and
translated into over 350 different languages. Here, the author looks
at the importance accorded to the Bible by different communities
and cultures and attempts to explain why it has generated such
a rich variety of uses and interpretations.

The Dead Sea Scrolls

Timothy H. Lim

If media attention and sales ﬁgures are anything to go by, there is
no doubt that the most sensational aspects of research are related
to the link between the scrolls and the origins of the Early
Church. As mentioned in the opening chapter, even a whiff of
controversy, especially involving the Vatican, will send journalists
scurrying to investigate. The appetite of the public for plots
involving the Dead Sea Scrolls remains unabated; secrecy,
back-room deals, and spin-doctoring appeal to the human psyche
that seeks to glimpse into a covert world of political and religious
machinations beneath the ordered and institutionalized ediﬁce of
established religion.

Everything

The Koran

Michael Cook

The Koran has constituted a remarkably resilient core of identity
and continuity for a religious tradition that is now in its 50th
century. Today, there are signiﬁcant Muslim populations of diverse
ethnic origins in all major Western countries. The total number of
Muslims in the world is somewhat over a billion, comprising almost
one-ﬁfth of the world’s population. To help the reader understand
this important religion, Michael Cook provides a lucid and direct
account of the signiﬁcance of the Koran both in the modern world
and in that of traditional Islam.
Each of the major Eurasian traditions that dominate the history of
literate culture has possessed some body of authoritative texts, the
transmission of which has been central to its continuing identity.
The Greeks had their Homer, the Jews and Christians their Bible,
the Zoroastrians their Avesta, the Hindus their Vedas, and the
Muslims their Koran. In terms of character and content, these texts
do not have much in common. What they share is their centrality to
their respective cultures.
‘informative, witty, and rich with insight. The author ﬁrmly
88

places the Koran within its broader context, lending his
treatment depth and vigour.’
Mohamed Mahmoud, Tufts University

Islam

Malise Ruthven

The purpose of Islam
The word Islam means in Arabic ‘self-surrender’; it is closely related
etymologically to salaam, the word for peace. The universal
greeting with which Muslims address one other, and foreigners, is
as salaam ‘alaikum – peace be upon you.

Judaism

Norman Solomon

Discussing Judaism as a living religion, in all its contemporary
richness and variety, the author provides a perceptive and often
humorous introduction to the central features and characters of
Judaism, from its spiritual leaders, poets, and philosophers, to its
eccentrics, including the mystic who tried to convert the pope and
the Berber princess who held up the Arab invasion of Spain. The
emphasis lies with the creative history of Judaism. The suffering
and the persecutions and the forced migrations cannot be denied,
but amazingly throughout the centuries the spirit has ﬂourished
89

Heaven and Hell

If there is a single word that can be taken to represent the primary
impulse of Islam, be it theological, political, or sociological, it is
tawhid – making one, unicity. Although the word does not occur in
the Koran, the concept it articulates is implicit in the credal formula
there is no god but God, and there are references to the God who is
without partners or associates throughout the holy text. The
absolute insistence that it is unicity above all that deﬁnes
divinity appears in striking, if ironic, contrast with the disunity
observable in the Muslim world. It is as if the aspiration to
realize divine unicity in terms of the social and political
order is forever destined to wreck itself on the shores of human
perversity.

with a still unending procession of poets and saints, of philosophers
and of Bible commentators, of grammarians and talmudists, of
lawyers and satirists and pastors, of unsung women and men of
humble faith.
‘Norman Solomon has achieved the near impossible with his
enlightened book . . . a small masterpiece.’
Rabbi Julia Neuberger

Buddhism

Damien Keown

Everything

From its origins in India over 2,000 years ago, Buddhism has
spread throughout Asia and is now exerting an increasing inﬂuence
on Western culture. In clear and straightforward language, the
author explains how Buddhism began and how it evolved into its
present-day form.

What does Buddhism tell us?
In a very real sense individuals create themselves through their
moral choices. By freely and repeatedly choosing certain things, an
individual shapes his character, and through his character his
future. As the proverb has it: ‘Sow an act, reap a habit; sow a habit,
reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny.’
It is desire, in the form of a strong addiction to life and the pleasant
experiences that it offers, that causes rebirth. If the ﬁve factors
of individuality (the physical body, sensations and feelings,
cognition, character traits and dispositions, and consciousness or
sentiency) are likened to a car, then desire is the fuel that propels
it forward.
Irish Times

‘impressive’

Buddha

Michael Carrithers

The author guides us through the diverse accounts of the life and
teaching of the Buddha. He discusses the social and political
90

background of India in the Buddha’s time, and traces the
development of his thought. Though the Buddha witnessed his
world comprehensively, he was not of it. He was set apart by the
high-minded personal morality of the renouncers: ‘as a lotus ﬂower
is born in water, grows in water, and rises out of water to stand
above it unsoiled, so I, born in the world, raised in the world, having
overcome the world, live unsoiled by the world’.
‘a readable and wonderfully lucid introduction to one of
mankind’s most beautiful, profound, and compelling systems of
wisdom. His impressive powers of explanation help us to come
to terms with a vital contemporary reality.’
Bryan Appleyard

Buddhist Ethics

Damien Keown

The doctrine of karma is concerned with the ethical implications of
Dharma, in particular those relating to the consequences of moral
behaviour. Kharma is not a system of rewards and punishments
meted out by God but a kind of natural law akin to the law of
gravity. In popular usage in the West, karma is thought of simply as
the good and bad things that happen to a person, a little like good
and bad luck. However, this oversimpliﬁes what for Buddhists is a
complex of interrelated ideas which embraces both ethics and belief
in reincarnation. The literal meaning of the Sanskrit word karma is
‘action’, but karma as a religious concept is concerned not with just
any actions but with actions of a particular kind. Karmic actions are
moral actions, and the Buddha deﬁned karma by reference to moral
choices and the acts consequent upon them. He stated, ‘It is
intention (cetanā), O monks, that I call karma; having willed one
acts through body, speech, or mind’ (A.iii.415).

Hinduism

Kim Knott

In what forms does Hinduism appear in contemporary life?
Hindu gods and goddesses are everywhere in India, hidden within
91

Heaven and Hell

Karma

Everything

gorgeous temples and small wayside shrines, depicted in intricate
stone carvings, looking out benevolently from advertisements. They
are featured on calendar prints and ﬁlm posters, and captured on
market stalls and in shop windows, in jewellery and small
scriptures. They are woven into the fabric of life in Indian villages
and cities, and are now also to be found in Hindu communities
from the Caribbean to North America and the UK, from South
Africa to Thailand.
‘Miracle’, ‘hallucination’, ‘simple scientiﬁc explanation’, ‘divine
grace’, or ‘politically inspired hoax’ ran the headlines as onlookers
sought to explain why, on 22 September 1995, images of Ganesha
the world over were devouring the milk offered to them by their
devout followers. The old debate between science and faith was
rekindled. Hindus themselves were quietly divided over the
phenomenon, but their surprise was not so much at its occurrence
as at its scale. Divine manifestations and small miracles are believed
to be commonplace in Indian religious life, but that Hindus and
their non-Hindu friends around the globe should witness Ganesha’s
gracious act was extraordinary.
‘instantly accessible without being in any way condescending or
an oversimpliﬁcation . . . issues conveyed with an elegance and
simplicity’
Julia Leslie, SOAS, London

Sikhism

Eleanor Nesbitt

Sikhism is often portrayed as a neat package consisting of a founder
(Guru Nanak), a scripture (the Guru Granth Sahib), places of
worship known as gurdwaras, and the requirement to show one’s
allegiance physically (by not cutting one’s hair, for example). In
what follows, at every stage of the Sikh story, the not so neat
processes involved in emerging as a distinct religion will be
evident. These include Sikhs’ continually evolving sense of identity,
92

often in relation to their Hindu neighbours. These processes are still
underway and spark passionate debate.
People who identify themselves as Sikhs answer the question ‘Who
is a Sikh?’ in different ways. One authoritative deﬁnition is:
any human being who faithfully believes in:
One immortal Being
Ten Gurus, from Guru Nanak to Guru Gobind Singh
The Guru Granth Sahib
The utterances and teachings of the ten Gurus and
The baptism bequeathed by the tenth Guru
and who does not owe allegiance to any other religion.

E. P. Sanders

Paul is the most powerful human personality in the history of the
Church. A missionary, theologian, and religious genius, he laid
down in his epistles the foundations on which later Christian
theology was built. In this highly original introduction to Paul’s life
and thought, the author pays equal attention to Paul’s fundamental
convictions and the sometimes convoluted ways in which they
worked out.

Why is Paul so important to us today?
He forces us, in fact, to pose an extremely serious question:
must a religion, in addressing diverse problems, offer answers
that are completely consistent with one another? Is it not good
to have passionate hopes and commitments that cannot all be
reduced to a scheme in which they are arranged in a hierarchical
relationship?
‘Sanders makes one think afresh about all sorts of issues . . . read
this book.’
Hebrew Christian
93

Heaven and Hell

Paul

Atheism

Julian Baggini

Everything

The author provides a positive case for atheism, one which is not
simply about rubbishing religious belief, and writes as much about
why one should be an atheist as why one should not be an atheist.
We human beings often claim that it is our ability to think that
distinguishes us from other animals. We are homo sapiens –
thinking hominids – and our capacity to reason is our distinctive
and highest feature. Yet we are not purely rational. It is not just that
we are often in the grip of irrational or non-rational forces and
desires, it is that our thinking is itself infused with emotion. These
feelings shape our thought, often without us realizing it. This book
puts forward the rational case for atheism. If we are to make the
case for any point of view, the best way to do so is always to appeal to
reasons and arguments that can command the widest possible
support. Unfortunately, we often approach rational discussions
with prejudices, fears, and commitments. Some of these are not
founded on reason and that confers on them a certain immunity to
the powers of rational argumentation. So it is with atheism, about
which few readers will have a neutral outlook.

94

Chapter 6
Expressing ourselves

Introduction

Catherine Belsey

Some people see the arts – painting and sculpture, literature, music,
and architecture – as an extra, society’s pleasurable reward for
carrying out the serious work of science and technology, or
manufacturing and sales, come to that. From this point of view,
culture gratiﬁes the senses, while science addresses the intellect.
But these same people might also concede that the pictures we like,
the buildings we feel happy in, and the ﬁction we choose may tell us
something about who we are. Tastes differ, and the differences can
be revealing.
The visual arts thrive on controversy these days. Ever since Marcel
Duchamp offered a readymade urinal for exhibition in 1917 under
the title Fountain, artists have apparently vied with each other to
outrage the public. Gratifying the senses seems to have gone by the
board. Instead, the project looks more like a challenge to the viewer.
‘Is it art?’, these works seem to ask; ‘what is art?’; ‘what do we mean
by art?’ In that sense, art poses an intellectual question to the
spectator as an individual, and at the same time to society in
general. As Cynthia Freeland makes clear in her Art Theory:
A Very Short Introduction, art has become a conceptual issue, as
well as – or instead of? – a pleasure, according to preference.
Tastes vary, and the variations are not always arbitrary or
accidental. Monticello, for instance, the house built in the 1770s
by Thomas Jefferson, a prominent founder of the American
95

Everything

constitution, is elegant, classical, and restrained. It owes its dignity
to a direct line of descent from the temples of ancient Greece and
Rome, and in the eyes of an observer familiar, however
unconsciously, with the authority of this tradition in Western
culture, Monticello justiﬁes its understated claim to power. But as
Andrew Ballantyne points out in his Architecture: A Very Short
Introduction, if my ancestors were ﬁrst-nation Americans who lived
on this land without claiming to own it, I might be considerably less
impressed by the ‘civilized’ values of the classical tradition. And if I
were descended from the slaves who worked the Monticello
plantation, I might well see the same building as symbolizing
oppression.
If cultural difference affects our tastes and preferences, does it also
play a part in deﬁning who we are? Debates about the inﬂuence of
violence on television remain unresolved, but most people would
probably agree that the characteristics cultures attribute to ﬁctional
heroes and villains can tell us a good deal about the values of society.
What do ‘we’ value in our increasingly globalized culture? Courage,
evidently, and intelligence, though not necessarily the academic
kind. Our ﬁctional detectives and doctors possess an intuitive
knowledge and a skill that cannot be taught. Masculinity and

8. The Parthenon, Athens, Greece (447–436 BC)
96

femininity matter, though mercifully that antithesis is gradually
becoming less sharply demarcated.
Did the Greeks value the same qualities? On the evidence of their
myths and epics, they rated independence; wisdom, to a high
degree; and possibly voracious bisexual appetites. And the
Romans? Military skill, stoicism, and voracious heterosexual
appetites. The difference of other cultures throws into relief the
speciﬁcity of the values we so easily take for granted in our own.

In my Poststructuralism: A Very Short Introduction I put the case
that, because we learn so early that ‘democracy’, say, is positive and
‘dictatorship’ wrong, and because many of us learn this before we
know much about the details of the political practices the words
deﬁne, it can seem to go without saying that it would be worth going
to war to defend our ‘democratic’ way of life. Our antagonist,
however, might take for granted a quite different set of meanings
and values, in which religion was more important than political
systems, or revealed truth mattered more than voting. And if
poststructuralist theory is right, these values go deep.
No one in their right mind would claim that cultural differences
alone cause wars, would they? Probably not: the material and
97

Expressing ourselves

What makes us the people we are? Since the late 1800s it has come
increasingly to seem that we are as much the products of culture as
its origin. Most recently poststructuralist theory, in particular, has
argued that the ways we think and feel are deﬁned by the meanings
we learn. From birth, we are surrounded by a mother tongue
that is already in place. Small children learn – and learn to
reproduce – the meanings and values inscribed in the language that
constitutes their culture. Fortunately, this doesn’t make us into
robots. We learn a number of cultural dialects – one for the
classroom and another for the playground, say – and these jostle for
control, or propel us in unexpected directions. But it might help to
explain the ‘obviousness’ of certain values.

economic issues are at least as important. But if cultures play a
signiﬁcant part in global conﬂict, cultural issues matter, and the
study of culture, and cultures, might be as important as an
understanding of science and technology. Some people would even
say our survival could depend on it.
Would they have a point? Current theories about culture and the
arts are nothing if not controversial. What do you think?

Everything

Myth

Robert Segal

There is no one version of any myth. There are perhaps as many
versions of a story as tellings of that story. Theories of myth go back
to ancient times. Plato and the Stoics are the best-known ancient
theorists, and they offer contrary approaches to myth. Modern
theories hail from long-standing disciplines such as philosophy,
religious studies, and literature, but modern theories come most
effusively from the social sciences – anthropology, sociology, and
psychology. Most disciplines harbour multiple theories. To study
myth is to apply to it one or more theories from one or more
disciplines.

Literary Theory

Jonathan Culler

What is literature? If a ﬁve-year-old is asking, it’s easy. ‘Literature’,
you answer, ‘is stories, poems, plays.’ But if the questioner is a
literary theorist, it’s harder to know how to take the query. ‘What is
literature?’ asks not for a deﬁnition but for an analysis, even an
argument, about why one might concern oneself with literature
at all.

How can we deﬁne literature?
Are there any essential, distinguishing features that literary works
share? Works of literature come in all shapes and sizes, and most of
98

them seem to have more in common with works that aren’t usually
called literature than with some other works recognized as
literature. Charlotte Brontë’s Jane Eyre, for instance, more closely
resembles an autobiography than it does a sonnet, and a
poem by Robert Burns – ‘My love is like a red, red rose’ –
resembles a folk-song more than it does Shakespeare’s Hamlet.
Are there qualities shared by poems, plays, and novels that
distinguish them from, say, songs, transcripts of conversations, and
autobiographies?
‘It is impossible to imagine a clearer treatment of the subject,
or one that is, within the given limits of length, more
comprehensive.’
Sir Frank Kermode

99

Expressing ourselves

9. ‘You’re a terrorist? Thank God. I understood Meg to say you were a
theorist.’

Everything

Postmodernism

Christopher Butler

Christopher Butler considers postmodernist artists, intellectual
gurus, academic critics, philosophers, and social scientists as if
they were all members of a loosely constituted and quarrelsome
political party. This party is by and large internationalist and
‘progressive’. It is on the left rather than the right, and it tends to
see everything, from abstract painting to personal relationships, as
political undertakings. It is not particularly uniﬁed in doctrine,
and even those who have most signiﬁcantly contributed ideas to
its manifestos sometimes indignantly deny membership – and yet
the postmodernist party tends to believe that its time has come. It
is certain of its uncertainty, and often claims that it has seen
through the sustaining illusions of others, and so has grasped the
‘real’ nature of the cultural and political institutions which
surround us. In doing this postmodernists often follow Marx. They
claim to be peculiarly aware of the unique state of contemporary
society, immured as it is in what they call ‘the postmodern
condition’.
The new ideas represented by postmodernism, although they
came to inspire some literature, and to dominate its interpretation
in academic circles, were actually rooted outside the arts. Of
the movement’s protagonists, for example, Barthes was mainly
interested in the application of linguistic models to the
interpretation of text, Derrida’s philosophical work began as a
critique of linguistics, and Foucault’s base was in the social
sciences and history. They were also all guided to a greater or
lesser degree by the re-reading or redemption of Marx.
‘a pre-eminently sane, lucid, and concise statement about the
central issues, the key examples, and the notorious derelictions
of postmodernism.’
Ihab Hassan, University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee

100

Barthes

Jonathan Culler

Barthes is famous for contradictory reasons. To many, he
is above all a theorist, a structuralist, perhaps the
structuralist, advocate of a systematic, scientiﬁc approach
to cultural phenomena. To others, Barthes stands for the
pleasures of reading and the reader’s right to read
idiosyncratically. Against a literary criticism focused
on authors – interested in recovering what authors
thought or meant – Barthes champions the reader and
promotes literature that gives the reader an active,
creative role.

The theorist as author

Poststructuralism

Catherine Belsey

Poststructuralism proposes that the distinctions we make are
not necessarily given by the world around us, but are instead
produced by the symbolizing systems we learn. How else would
we know the difference between pixies and gnomes? But we
learn our native tongue at such an early age that it seems
transparent, a window on to a world of things, even if some of
those things are in practice imaginary, no more than ideas of
things, derived from children’s stories. Poststructuralists don’t
101

Expressing ourselves

Yet this enemy of authors is himself pre-eminently an
author, a writer whose varied products reveal a personal
style and vision. Many of Barthes’ works are idiosyncratic,
falling outside established genres: L’Empire des signes
combines touristic commentary on Japan with a
reﬂection on signs in everyday life and their ethical
implications; and Roland Barthes par Roland Barthes is
a strangely detached account of the life and works of
one ‘Roland Barthes’ that evades the conventions of
autobiography.

(normally) doubt that there is a world: their anxiety concerns what
we can claim to know about it with any certainty.
The Guardian

‘A wonderfully clear account.’

Everything

Postcolonialism

Robert J. Young

Postcolonialism describes both an historical condition and a
transformation of ways of thinking about the world. Although
some former colonies have been ‘postcolonial’ since the 18th
century, ‘postcolonialism’ is the product of the 20th-century
independence movements and the subsequent decolonization of
the former empires of Britain, France, Belgium, Holland,
Portugal, and the USSR, from 1947 to 1997. Postcolonialism
names the political, social, and cultural effects of these historical
processes. It also continues the challenge to Western dominance
and Western formations of knowledge that constituted the basis
of the anti-colonial movements. Although the power relations
between empire and colony, centre and margin, have often been
reinforced economically since independence, at the same time
the identity of ‘the West’ itself has been subverted through
migration, diaspora, and cultural transformation. The politics
of postcolonialism began with the deconstruction of
ethnocentric assumptions in Western knowledge.

Linguistics

Peter Matthews

What would an outsider make of the noises Homo sapiens so
volubly produces? The words people use are never ﬁxed for all time.
Grotty, for example, was a new word when it was coined in Britain
in the 1960s, and the usage of many speakers of English who were
alive at that time has changed to include it. Gay in the sense of
‘homosexual’ seems to have had its origin in prison slang, and in
1950s Britain could still be explained, in a passage cited in The
Oxford English Dictionary, as ‘an American Euphemism’. It has
since become familiar, however, even in the speech of many older
102

people who, when they were young, had known it mainly in such
phrases as gay bachelor or as Wordsworth used it (‘A poet cannot
but be gay’) in his poem about daffodils.
‘full of facts and ﬁgures . . . Matthews has carried off a difﬁcult
job with real panache. I would recommend this very warmly
indeed.’
Andrew Linn, University of Shefﬁeld

Cryptography

Fred Piper and Sean Murphy

Cryptography has been a signiﬁcant historical inﬂuence for more
than 2,000 years. Traditionally its main users were governments
and the military. Prior to the 1970s, cryptography was a ‘black art’,
understood and practised by only a few government and military
personnel. It is now a well-established academic discipline that is
taught in many universities.
‘A perfect pocket primer for anyone interested in Cryptography.’
Simon Singh

Shakespeare

Germaine Greer

The chief pitfall threatening any discussion of Shakespeare’s
thought is the common assumption that the opinions of any
character in a Shakespearian play are Shakespeare’s own.
Shakespeare was not a propagandist; he did not write plays as
vehicles for his own ideas. Rather he developed a theatre of
dialectical conﬂict, in which idea is pitted against idea and from
103

Expressing ourselves

In this fascinating introduction to how cryptography actually
works, the authors highlight its all-pervasive impact on
modern society. In doing so, they demystify the art of
cryptography, highlighting the difﬁculties and ever-increasing
importance of data protection and authentication in the modern
world.

their friction a deeper understanding of the issues emerges. The
resolution which is reached is not the negation of the conﬂict, but
the stasis produced by art. Even as we applaud it, we recognize its
fragility. It might be said that the strength of Shakespeare’s position
is that he refrains from coming to conclusions but leaves that to
those who complete his utterance, the audience and the actors in
the theatre.

Characters and identity

Everything

Shakespeare’s characters are not deﬁned by their actions, nor are
their personalities rigid constructs which control their capacity for
action. His personages search for ways to transcend that identity,
which is transitory, and free the spirit, which is made in God’s
likeness, eternal and immutable.
‘the clearest and simplest explanation of Shakespeare’s thought
I have yet read’
Auberon Waugh

Tragedy

Adrian Poole

Open the paper, turn on the news, and sooner or later you’ll meet
the words ‘tragic’ and ‘tragedy’. Even as I write, 19 Chinese
cockle-pickers are reported drowned in Morecambe Bay,
Lancashire. ‘The gangs behind the tragedy are on the run’, one
headline assures us. The story attracts no fewer than ten more
‘tragedies’ across two reports and a leader in the Guardian (7
February 2004). Tragedy: how many more times, of how many
more disasters, before you read this? Even as this goes to press,
the number of lives lost to the Asian tsunami and its aftermath
appears literally countless.
It’s easy to feel overwhelmed by the word. Once it meant something
special, as it did to John Milton, writing in the middle of the 17th
century:
104

Sometime let gorgeous Tragedy
In sceptred pall come sweeping by,
Presenting Thebes, or Pelops’ line,
Or the tale of Troy divine.
Or what (though rare) of later age,
Ennobled hath the buskined stage.

Kafka

Ritchie Robertson

‘When Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from troubled dreams
he found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous insect.’
This must be Kafka’s most famous sentence. But, like many
Kafka sentences, it is full of puzzles. Gregor’s body is
transformed, but his mind remains human: is ‘himself
synonymous with his body, as opposed to his mind? And Gregor
does not exactly ‘ﬁnd’ himself transformed: rather, although he
sees his brown belly and numerous legs, he fails to register this
incomprehensible fact. After brieﬂy wondering ‘What has
happened to me?’, he reverts to the consciousness of a busy
commercial traveller who has to get up early on a wet morning to
catch the 5 o’clock train.
105

Expressing ourselves

He is thinking of Tragedy as a regal ﬁgure from ancient Greece, like
Oedipus (from Thebes) and Agamemnon (descendant of Pelops)
and the heroes from Homer’s Iliad (the tale of Troy), and he dresses
them up with lofty old words like ‘pall’ (robe) and ‘buskin’ (the high
thick-soled boot supposedly worn by the actors in Athenian
tragedy). It’s a long way from the tale of those Chinese cocklepickers. Nothing gorgeous about them. No sceptred palls or buskins
in evidence, no connection with ancient myth, and not much chance
of dramatic ennobling. For Milton, tragedy was not something that
happens every day. It was an idea attached to a speciﬁc form of
drama performed at special times and places, at the religious
festivals of ancient Athens and the courts of modern kings and
noblemen.

Everything

Gregor’s transformation into an insect drastically expresses
Kafka’s ambivalence towards his body and towards the body in
general. His transformation and his failure to notice it convey the
degree to which Gregor is alienated from his own body. He has to
cope with the concrete task of getting a large and unwieldy insect
body out of bed, still believing that he must and will catch his
train. His obsession with his job reveals the self-estrangement
imposed on him by its demands. ‘That boy thinks of nothing but
his work,’ his mother assures the chief clerk of Gregor’s ﬁrm,
who, exercising an implausibly but alarmingly thorough
surveillance, has come to see why he wasn’t at the station. Even
so, mind and body are linked by the language of the unconscious,
which can involuntarily reveal the truth. Still lying in bed, Gregor
reﬂects that one of his colleagues is ‘a mere creature [Kreatur]
of the chief, spineless and stupid’. The word ‘spineless’ betrays
Gregor’s unconscious awareness that he himself is now an
invertebrate. This commerce between the body and the
unconscious mind blurs the contrast between Gregor’s human
mind and animal body.

The Marquis de Sade

John Phillips

Sade wrote an impressive amount during his 74 years. However,
much of it has not survived. A number of manuscripts were
conﬁscated and destroyed by the authorities during his time at
Charenton, while others were burned after his death at the family’s
behest. Among the works that have endured until the present day
are many conventionally written plays, stories, and verses, but
Sade’s sulphurous reputation rests upon those three obscene works
that were already in the public domain in the 1790s (Justine,
Philosophy in the Boudoir, and Juliette), together with The 120
Days of Sodom, the loss of which in the Revolution ironically
preserved the work for posterity.

106

Russian Literature

Catriona Kelly

‘brilliant . . . , written with elegance, . . . informed, incisive,
provocative’
Anthony Cross, University of Cambridge

Art History

Dana Arnold

A thing of beauty is a joy forever
Keats

Can art have a history? We think about art as being timeless, the
‘beauty’ of its appearance having meaning, signiﬁcance, and appeal
to humankind across the ages. At least this usually applies to our
ideas about ‘high’, or ﬁne, art, in other words painting and
sculpture. This kind of visual material can have an autonomous
existence – we can enjoy looking at it for its own sake, independent
of any knowledge of its context, although of course viewers from
different time periods or cultures may see the same object in
contrasting ways.
107

Expressing ourselves

The uniqueness of Russian literature (and Russian culture more
generally) has been held by many Western observers to lie in
precisely its ability to embrace spiritual and material worlds.
Judging life has been a constant preoccupation of Russian writers,
while Pushkin himself is an illustration that intelligent Russians
have had just as large a talent for, and inclination towards, analysis
as their counterparts anywhere in the world. In Russia itself, writers
have often been regarded as sages, as moral guides to how life
should be lived; but there are many other reasons for reading
Russian literature. Like any other literature, it represents the world
in new and extraordinary ways, it investigates areas of human
experience that we sometimes prefer not to think about (madness,
homicidal urges, tyranny); and it offers not only intellectual
stimulation but the sensual delight of language stretched to its
limits, of laughter, and of ﬂights of imaginative fancy.

Everything

For art to have a history we expect not only a timeless quality but
also some kind of sequence or progression, as this is what history
leads us to expect. Our history books are full of events in the past
that are presented as part of either the continual movement
towards improvement, or as stories about great men, or as epochs of
time that stand out from others – for instance, the Italian
Renaissance or the Enlightenment. In regard to these kinds of
frameworks for thinking about the past, the history of art does not
disappoint. In the coming together of these two separate strands,
we see how history reorders visual experience, making it take a
range of forms. The most popular of these include writing about the
history of art from the point of view of artists – usually ‘great men’.
Alternatively, we ﬁnd art historians have sought to deﬁne the great
stylistic epochs in the history of art, for example the Renaissance,
Baroque, or Post-Impressionism. Each of these traditions can be
written about independently of the others and they have provided a
backbone for histories of art.

Art Theory

Cynthia Freeland

During a lecture by the prominent environmental artist Robert
Irwin, he commented a bit cynically about the vagueness of the
term ‘art’ that it ‘has come to mean so many things that it doesn’t
mean anything any more’. But this didn’t stop Irwin from offering
his own deﬁnition. He proposed to describe art as ‘a continuous
examination of our perceptual awareness and a continuous
expansion of our awareness of the world around us’. This
challenging analysis of many centuries of art considers the
question: What is art?

Message and meaning
Gender and sexual preference – together with nationality, ethnicity,
politics, and religion – all seem to have some impact on the
meaning of art. People have debated for centuries about the
meaning of some works of art – for example, the Mona Lisa’s smile.
108

Does art bear a message in the way language does? What must we
know to clarify an artwork’s meaning: external facts about artists’
lives, or internal facts about how their works were made? Can’t we
just look at an artwork for enjoyment?
‘admirable for its scope, compactness and exceptional clarity.
Reader-friendly and thought-provoking’
The Independent

Christian Art

Beth Williamson

Renaissance Art

Geraldine A. Johnson

Renaissance art, whether sacred, secular, or somewhere in
between, was full of stories. Indeed, one of the primary functions
of art in general in this period was to communicate stories and
109

Expressing ourselves

The view that images were helpful to those whose levels of literacy
were not high enough to read the Latin scriptures unaided became
a widespread justiﬁcation for the decoration of church buildings
with images, and Christian writers from the time of Gregory
onwards reiterated this opinion. For example, the Venerable Bede,
the 8th-century monk of the monastery of Wearmouth-Jarrow in
the North of England, defended depictions of sacred stories for
instructive as well as ornamental purposes, so that ‘those who are
not capable of reading words may learn the works of our Lord and
Saviour by looking at these images’. However, in another sermon,
Bede introduced a slightly different understanding of the effect of
religious imagery when he remarked that pictures could ‘recall to
the memory of the faithful’ events such as the Cruciﬁxion, or other
Christian miracles. This is an important distinction, as Bede
appears to argue here that pictures can remind viewers of that
which they already know, rather than teach them what they do not
know, and what they cannot read in scripture. In other words,
Bede’s understanding of religious imagery here (and that of several
other later writers) is that such pictures fulﬁl a recollective rather
than an instructive function.

Everything

ideas by visual means to contemporary beholders in ways that
were often more enticing, vivid, and memorable than was possible
in a text, sermon, or speech alone. As Alberti put it in the 1430s,
the most successful visual narrative, or istoria, was one that was
‘so agreeably and pleasantly attractive that it will capture the eye
of whatever learned or unlearned person is looking at it and will
move his soul’. In the public realm, narrative altarpieces (both
painted and sculpted in three dimensions), predella panels
depicting saints’ lives, paintings for confraternities, grand fresco
cycles in churches, and classically inspired palace decorations not
only helped beholders remember particular stories through their
attractive imagery, but also inevitably reﬂected the personal,
political, and social agendas of the people or organizations that
had commissioned them. Sometimes, as in the case of illuminated
manuscripts or a set of narrative prints, story-telling could be a
more private, even intimate, activity involving just one person
holding a book or sheet of paper in his or her hands. But even in
such instances, how a particular story was told pictorially, and
how it was interpreted, depended very much on the interests,
beliefs, and priorities of the patron and his or her contemporary
beholders.

Modern Art

David Cottington

Among the most visible developments in the reception of modern
art has been the extraordinary growth in recent years in the
numbers of people visiting ‘blockbuster’ exhibitions of what we
could call ‘blue-chip’ modernism, in particular retrospectives of the
work of major modernist painters. Exhibitions of Cézanne, Matisse,
Picasso, and even – given the austerity and apparent emptiness of
his abstract paintings – Rothko in the capital cities of the West in
the past decade have drawn unprecedented numbers of viewers,
and required previously-unheard-of crowd management strategies
of advance booking and timed entry. Is this an expression of a
nostalgia for the relative certainties of meaning (and of aesthetic
reward) obtainable from painting, even modern abstract painting,
110

Contemporary Art

Julian Stallabrass

It is a basic art-world orthodoxy, echoed just about everywhere, that
contemporary art is ungraspably complex and diverse. The variety
of contemporary forms, techniques, and subject-matter in art is
indeed bewildering. The conventional media of painting, sculpture,
and print-making have been overlaid with installation and ‘new
media’, which can encompass anything from online art to
computer-controlled sound environments. Artists cultivate for
themselves images that range from traditional guru or shaman roles
to beady-eyed, tongue-in-cheek chancer and careerist, and personas
that include starstruck adolescent girls and engorged, axe-wielding
psychotics. Art’s concerns are also various, touching upon
feminism, identity politics, mass culture, shopping, and trauma.
Perhaps art’s fundamental condition is to be unknowable (that
concepts embodied in visual form can encompass contradiction), or
perhaps those that hold to this view are helping to conceal a
different uniformity.
111

Expressing ourselves

in the face of the free-for-all that is contemporary art? If so, then it
would mean that the rough-edged iconoclasm and outrageous
inventiveness for which modernist artists were both celebrated and
condemned not so long ago have been worn down surprisingly
quickly, softened into accustomed cultural ‘furniture’ – ironically, to
function rather like the ‘armchair for a tired businessman’ that
Matisse in 1908 hoped, optimistically, that his painting would be
seen as. This may be part of the reason. For Picasso was the key
ﬁgure for modern art through most of the 20th century, and the
vigour and outrageous inventiveness of his imagination were both a
model for modernist art-makers and a target for their opponents;
but the ascendancy of conceptual art in the 1970s and thereafter
was secured on the shoulders of Marcel Duchamp – and so
unforgivingly, obscurely intellectual was the new model of artmaking that he offered, that the visual complexities of post-Picasso
painting have perhaps seemed sheer hedonism in comparison.

Dada and Surrealism

David Hopkins

Everything

The ‘avant-garde’
More than anything else, Dada and Surrealism were ‘avant-garde’
movements. The term ‘avant-garde’, which was ﬁrst employed by
the French utopian socialist Henri de Saint-Simon in the 1820s,
initially had military connotations, but came to signify the advanced
socio-political as well as aesthetic position to which the modern
artist should aspire. Broadly speaking, art in the 19th century was
synonymous with bourgeois individualism. Owned by the
bourgeoisie or shown in bourgeois institutions, it was a means by
which members of that class could temporarily escape the material
constraints and contradictions of everyday existence. This state of
affairs was challenged in the 1850s by the Realism of the French
painter Gustave Courbet, which, by fusing a socialist agenda with a
matching aesthetic credo, arguably represents the ﬁrst selfconsciously avant-garde tendency in art. By the early 20th century,
several key art movements – such as Futurism in Italy,
Constructivism in Russia, or De Stijl in Holland, as well as Dada and
Surrealism – were pledged to contesting any separation between art
and the contingent experience of the modern world.

Architecture

Andrew Ballantyne

We are shaped by the culture that we grow up in, and by the culture
in which we participate, whether we think about it or not – and
most of the time we don’t think about it at all. In architecture, as in
any other culture, our sense of ‘how things should be’ develops from
our experience. Each gesture we make means something, but the
meaning depends on the culture in which the gesture is
understood.

Our experience of architecture
The precise ways in which we respond to buildings vary according
to our prior experiences of buildings. Cutting across all
considerations of style and taste, we respond also to the kind of life
112

that we suppose to be implied in a building – whether it feels
wholesome or dispiriting, sordid or dangerous, whether it opens up
new possibilities, or reminds us of places where we have been happy
in the past. This is an introduction not just to the way buildings are
designed and made, but the way in which we live with them and
confer meaning upon them.
The Guardian

‘a densely fascinating guide’

Music

Nicholas Cook

‘a lively and lucid book . . . as a brief guide to the contemporary
rethinking of music, it could hardly be bettered.’
BBC Music

World Music

Philip Bohlman

At the beginning of the 21st century it is impossible to deﬁne world
music without slipping down a tautological slope. World music can
be folk music, art music, or popular music; its practitioners may be
113

Expressing ourselves

It’s an obvious fact that the world is teeming with different kinds of
music: traditional, folk, classical, jazz, rock, pop, world, just to name
a few. This has always been the case, but modern communications
and sound reproduction technology have made musical pluralism
part of everyday life. And yet the ways we think about music don’t
reﬂect this. Each type of music comes with its own way of thinking
about music, as if it were the only way of thinking about music (and
the only music to think about). In particular, the way of thinking
about music that is built into schools and universities – and most
books about music, for that matter – reﬂects the way music was in
19th-century Europe rather than the way it is today, anywhere. The
result is a kind of credibility gap between music and how we think
about it. In today’s world, deciding what music to listen to is a
signiﬁcant part of deciding and announcing to people not just who
you want to be . . . but who you are.

amateur or professional. World music may be sacred, secular, or
commercial; its performers may emphasize authenticity, while at
the same time relying heavily on mediation to disseminate it to as
many markets as possible. There’s ample justiﬁcation to call just
about anything world music. Local musicians become dependent on
the global music industry. Traditional melody and functions must
undergo transformation in order to be mapped on Western
harmony and repackaged for global consumption.
‘Philip Bohlman’s superb study places world music squarely in
history – and a lengthy history at that, reaching back to the Age
of Discovery and even beyond.’
Richard Middleton, University of Newcastle upon Tyne

Everything

Design

John Heskett

So how can design be understood in a meaningful, holistic sense?
Beyond all the confusion created by the froth and bubble of
advertising and publicity, beyond the visual pyrotechnics of virtuoso
designers seeking stardom, beyond the pronouncements of design
gurus and the snake-oil salesmen of lifestyles, lies a simple truth.
Design is one of the basic characteristics of what it is to be human,
and an essential determinant of the quality of human life. It affects
everyone in every detail of every aspect of what they do throughout
each day. As such, it matters profoundly. Very few aspects of the
material environment are incapable of improvement in some
signiﬁcant way by greater attention being paid to their design.
Inadequate lighting, machines that are not user-friendly, badly
formatted information, are just a few examples of bad design that
create cumulative problems and tensions. It is therefore worth
asking: if these things are a necessary part of our existence, why are
they often done so badly? There is no simple answer. Cost factors
are sometimes advanced in justiﬁcation, but the margin between
doing something well or badly can be exceedingly small, and cost
factors can in fact be reduced by appropriate design inputs. The use
of the term ‘appropriate’, however, is an important qualiﬁcation.
114

The spectrum of capabilities covered by the term ‘design’ requires
that means be carefully adapted to ends. A solution to a practical
problem which ignores all aspects of its use can be disastrous, as
would, say, medical equipment if it were treated as a vehicle for
individual expression of fashionable imagery.

Journalism

Ian Hargreaves

But there are problems with this new culture of news. Because there
is so much of it, we ﬁnd it difﬁcult to sort the good from the bad.
The fact that it is mostly obtainable without direct payment may
mean that we value it less. As a generation grows up unaccustomed
to the idea that news costs money, the economics of resourceintensive journalism, like in-depth investigations, are undermined.
Forthcoming
Photography, Steve Edwards

115

Expressing ourselves

News, which was once difﬁcult and expensive to obtain, today
surrounds us like the air we breathe. Much of it is literally ambient:
displayed on computers, public billboards, trains, aircraft, and
mobile phones. Where once news had to be sought out in expensive
and scarce news sheets, today it is ubiquitous and very largely free
at the point of consumption. Satisfying news hunger no longer
involves a twice daily diet of a morning newspaper and evening TV
news bulletin: news comes in snack-form, to be grazed, and at every
level of quality; even to be programmed to order, to arrive,
presorted, via your personal digital assistant. Where once
journalism’s reach was conﬁned by the time it took to haul bundles
of newsprint from one end of a country to the other, now it is global,
instantaneous, and interactive.

Chapter 7
Are we all mad?

Introduction

Dylan Evans

The human mind faces many challenges in its quest for knowledge,
but none greater than the challenge of understanding itself. For
many centuries, people did not even know what the mind was, let
alone how it worked. Most people assumed that the mind was a
spiritual substance, quite unlike the material body it inhabited. The
eventual recognition that the mind is, in fact, not a spiritual thing –
that it is, in fact, not a ‘thing’ at all, but a process carried out by a
purely material organ (the brain) – is probably the most important
scientiﬁc discovery of all time. But this is just the beginning. We
now face the daunting task of discovering how the mind works.
Since the brain is the most complex object in the known universe,
this task is not going to be easy (see The Brain: A Very Short
Introduction).
It is still early days. Scientiﬁc psychology is barely more than
100 years old (see Psychology: A Very Short Introduction). Our
current knowledge of the mind is probably as rudimentary as our
knowledge of physics was in the 17th century, before Newton wrote
the Principia. Psychology has yet to ﬁnd its Newton.
Some have laid claim to that title. Sigmund Freud (1856–1939),
for example, compared his theory of the unconscious to the
revolutionary discoveries of Copernicus and Darwin (see Freud:
A Very Short Introduction). Similar claims were made by one of
Freud’s early disciples, Carl Gustav Jung (1875–1961) (see Jung:
116

A Very Short Introduction). History has not borne out these claims,
however; the ideas of both Freud and Jung have since been
superseded by more accurate theories. Our current theories will
themselves be superseded as we continue to make progress in
discovering how the mind works.

Like all products of evolution, the mind has its fair share of design
ﬂaws. It can break down in a number of ways, and the history of our
attempts to understand these disorders is a fascinating tale (see
Psychiatry: A Very Short Introduction). The most severe disorder is
schizophrenia, with its bizarre hallucinations and strange delusions
(see Schizophrenia: A Very Short Introduction).
Perhaps the greatest challenge of all in understanding the mind will
be to understand consciousness (see Consciousness: A Very Short
Introduction). At the dawn of the 21st century, there is still no
scientiﬁc consensus about what consciousness is. If 99% of what the
mind does can be done without consciousness, why not do all of it
unconsciously? And what is it that determines which thoughts, of
the millions ﬁzzing around our brains, should enter conscious
awareness? And why do we have little islands of consciousness in
the great ocean of unconsciousness that we call sleep?
If we understood what consciousness was, and how it worked, we
117

Are we all mad?

The theory of evolution by natural selection will no doubt play a
key role in future developments in psychology. Natural selection
has shaped our minds just as it has shaped our bodies, so we should
expect our minds to be good at enabling us to do things that help us
survive and reproduce. Intelligence, a notoriously difﬁcult concept
to deﬁne, can perhaps be best understood as the ability to solve
adaptive problems (see Intelligence: A Very Short Introduction).
Emotions play a key role in this ability, and are increasingly seen
not as an impediment to intelligent action, but as a vital
component of intelligence (see Emotion: A Very Short
Introduction).

might even be able to build a conscious machine. In fact, artiﬁcial
intelligence is the ultimate test for all our psychological theories.
Only when we can build robots with minds like ours will be able to
say, with conﬁdence, that we truly understand how our minds work.
www.dylan.org.uk

Everything

Psychology

Gillian Butler and Freda McManus

Psychology, as deﬁned by William James, is about the mind or
brain, but although psychologists do study the brain, they do not
understand enough about its workings to be able to comprehend
the part that it plays in the expression of our hopes, fears, and
wishes, or in our behaviour during experiences as varied as giving
birth or watching a football match. Indeed, it is rarely possible to
study the brain directly. So, psychologists have discovered much
more by studying our behaviour, and by using their observations
to derive hypotheses about what is going on inside us.
Psychology is also about the ways in which organisms, usually
people, use their mental abilities, or minds, to operate in the world
around them. The ways in which they do this have changed over
time as their environment has changed. Evolutionary theory
suggests that if organisms do not adapt to a changing environment
they will become extinct (hence the sayings ‘adapt or die’ and
‘survival of the ﬁttest’). The mind has been, and is still being, shaped
by adaptive processes. This means that there are evolutionary
reasons why our minds work the way they do – for instance, the
reason we are better at detecting moving objects than stationary
ones may be because this ability was useful in helping our ancestors
to avoid predators. It is important for psychologists, as well as for
those working in other scientiﬁc disciplines such as biology and
physiology, to be aware of those reasons.
‘very readable, stimulating, and well-written’
Anthony Clare
118

Intelligence

Ian J. Deary

The question of how to conceive of human mental capacities is a
vexed one. Psychologists have argued about it for most of the
20th century, and the debate continues. The ﬁrst person to describe
the general factor in human intelligence was an English army ofﬁcer
turned psychologist, Charles Spearman, in a famous research paper
in 1904. He examined schoolchildren’s scores in different academic
subjects. The scores were all positively correlated, and he put this
down to a general mental ability. There followed decades of
arguments among psychologists as to whether or not there was such
a single entity.

Indications of intelligence
i)

‘extremely readable . . . Without dumbing down or patronising
the reader, Ian Deary has done the general public a great service.’
Journal of Nursing

119

Are we all mad?

There is a modest association between brain size and psychometric intelligence. People with bigger brains tend to have
higher mental test scores. We do not know yet why this association occurs.
ii) People with higher intelligence, on average, appear to elicit
faster, more complex, and differently shaped electrical
responses when brain activity is recorded by an electroencephalogram (EEG) machine.
iii) There is a well-established, moderate association between
the efﬁciency of the early stages of visual perception and
intelligence test scores.
iv) People with higher intelligence test scores have, on average,
shorter and less variable reaction times.

Schizophrenia

Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone

What is schizophrenia?

Everything

Schizophrenia is the term applied to a severe form of mental
disorder, which can be observed in all countries and cultures. At a
rough estimate, about 1 person in 100 may experience this disorder
at some time in their lives. This life-time risk of 1% is about the
same as that for developing rheumatoid arthritis. Many of us will
know of someone with this much more visible disorder. The
experience of schizophrenia is extremely distressing both for
the sufferer and for his or her family and friends. The monetary
cost of schizophrenia is also severe. In terms of care and
treatment, the annual cost of schizophrenia in the UK in the
early 1990s was £397 million, while the indirect costs in terms
of lost production were conservatively estimated at the same time
to be £1.7 billion.

Drugs

Leslie Iversen

The 20th century saw a remarkable upsurge of research on drugs,
with major advances in the treatment of bacterial and viral
infections, heart disease, stomach ulcers, cancer, and mental
illnesses. These, along with the introduction of the oral
contraceptive, have altered all of our lives.

Recreational drugs
The total annual worldwide market for all medical drugs is
approximately $250 billion, but the market for recreational drugs is
probably at least ten times greater.

120

Alcohol: the pleasurable intoxicant actions of alcohol seem to be
due in part to its ability to stimulate opiate mechanisms in the
brain – the same ones that are stimulated more directly and more
aggressively by heroin.
Nicotine: acts in the brain on receptors for the chemical messenger
acetylcholine. The nerve tracts that release acetylcholine in the
brain have among their functions the ability to act as an alerting or
arousal system for the cerebral hemispheres – the thinking part of
the brain.
Caffeine: one explanation for the stimulant effects of the drug is
that by blocking the normal braking actions of adenosine the
drug promotes more release of the chemicals acetylcholine and
dopamine, both of which have stimulant effects on brain function.

Amphetamines: one of the ﬁrst man-made recreational drugs,
the military started the ﬁrst non-medical use of the drug during the
Second World War, to keep pilots and other military personnel
awake and alert during long missions.
Heroin: in addition to the hazards inherent in the drug itself, users
are likely to die from overdose because the street drug is of variable
potency and quality, and at high doses the drug depresses
respiration.
Cocaine: was incorporated into a number of freely available tonic
‘coca-wines’, and was an ingredient in the original Coca Colaﬁ, until
its dangers were recognized.

TNT magazine

‘illuminating’

Emotion

Dylan Evans

Like language, colour, and music, drugs are an ancient form of
emotional technology. Alcohol may have been invented as recently
121

Are we all mad?

Cannabis: the principal psychoactive ingredient in the plant is
the complex chemical delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) – there
is a speciﬁc receptor protein in the brain that recognizes THC (a
chemical found only in the cannabis plant).

as 5,000 or 6,000 years ago, but there is archaeological
evidence that humans began using other psychotropic drugs
long before this.
Scientiﬁc interest in the emotions underwent something of a
renaissance in the 1990s. For much of the 20th century, research
in the emotions was conﬁned to a few psychologists and even
fewer anthropologists. At the dawn of the 21st century, however,
things are rather different. Cognitive psychologists have
abandoned their exclusive focus on reasoning, perception, and
memory, and are rediscovering the importance of affective
processes.
Independent on Sunday

‘a pop science classic’

Everything

Freud

Anthony Storr

Sigmund Freud revolutionized the way in which we think about
ourselves. From its beginnings as a theory of neurosis, Freud
developed psychoanalysis into a general psychology which became
widely accepted as the predominant mode of discussing personality
and interpersonal relationships.

Freud and dreams
Freud afﬁrmed that, with very few exceptions, dreams were
disguised, hallucinatory fulﬁlments of repressed wishes, often
dating from early childhood. This theory is clearly derived from, or
comparable with, Freud’s early statement about hysteria, in which
he supposed that the trauma which provoked the current symptoms
did so only because it awoke memories of traumata in childhood.
He felt the interpretation of dreams provided a way into the
unconscious activities of the mind.
‘lucid, fair and astonishingly comprehensive’

122

Spectator

Jung

Anthony Stevens

‘The goal is important only as an idea,’ wrote Jung; ‘the essential
thing is the opus which leads to the goal: that is the goal of a
lifetime.’
‘accessible, authoritative but, above all, very readable’
Clinical Psychology Forum

Dreaming

J. Allan Hobson

Do blind people see in their dreams?
People who are blind from birth have no visual imagery at any
time, neither in waking nor in dreaming. Vision is not the only
modality in visually impaired individuals; bodily sensations or
the sense of position of the body in space is markedly enhanced,
so these individuals do have other hallucinatory dream
experiences.
123

Are we all mad?

However fortunate our upbringing may have been, few of us by
middle age can hope to be any more than a ‘good enough’ version of
the Self. One can, nevertheless, follow the Apollonian advice to
‘know thyself ’, heed Pindar’s dictum ‘Become what thou art’, and
learn from Plato and Aristotle to discover one’s ‘true self ’ – to make
explicit what implicitly one already is. In Jungian terms this means
overcoming the divisions imposed by the parental and cultural
milieu, to divest oneself of ‘the false wrappings of the persona’, and
abandon one’s ego-defences. It also involves avoiding projecting
one’s shadow on to others, but striving to know it and acknowledge
it as part of one’s inner life, and attempting to bring to conscious
fulﬁlment the supreme intentions of the Self. Complete
achievement of these objectives within the compass of one
individual lifetime is never possible, of course, but that is not
the point.

The brains of people with acquired blindness have developed
perceptual capacities. Dreaming is the time in which people with
acquired blindness see most clearly.
The Sunday Telegraph

‘engaging new book’

Consciousness

Susan Blackmore

Deﬁning consciousness
There is no generally agreed deﬁnition of consciousness, but
the following gives some idea of what is meant by the word.

Everything

‘What it’s like to be . . .’: If there is something it is like to be an
animal (or computer, or baby) then that thing is conscious. Otherwise it is not.
Subjectivity or phenomenality: Consciousness means subjective
experience or phenomenal experience. This is the way things seem
to me, as opposed to how they are objectively.
Qualia: The ineffable subjective qualities of experience, such as the
redness of red or the indescribable smell of turpentine. Some philosophers claim they do not exist.
The hard problem: How do subjective experiences arise from
objective brains?

The Brain

Michael O’Shea

Think for few moments about a very special machine, your brain –
an organ of just 1.2 kg, containing one hundred billion nerve cells,
none of which alone has any idea who or what you are. In fact the
very idea that a cell can have an idea seems silly. A single cell after
all is far too simple an entity. However, conscious awareness of one’s
self comes from just that: nerve cells communicating with one
another by a hundred trillion interconnections. When you think
about it this is a deeply puzzling fact of life. It may not be entirely
124

unreasonable therefore to suppose that such a machine must be
endowed with miraculous properties. But while the world is full of
mystery, science has no place for miracles and the 21st century’s
most challenging scientiﬁc problem is nothing short of explaining
how the brain works in purely material terms.
Forthcoming
Child Development, Richard Grifﬁn
Psychiatry, Tom Burns

Are we all mad?

125

