Classics: A Very Short Introduction
‘This is no potted history of Greece and Rome, but a brilliant
demonstration that the continual re-excavation of our classical past is
vital if the modern world is to rise to the challenge inscribed on the
temple of Apollo at Delphi to “Know yourself”.’
Robin Osborne
‘the great old much-maligned subject of Classics wonderfully
re-invented for our times . . . a splendid piece of work.’
Peter Wiseman
‘You could not ﬁnd two better introducers to the Classics than Mary
Beard and John Henderson. They are questioning, funny, bold, and
widely read in many ﬁelds. They could not be dull if they tried.’
Philip Howard

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in 15 languages worldwide.

Very Short Introductions available from Oxford Paperbacks:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
Augustine Henry Chadwick
THE BIBLE John Riches
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
Darwin Jonathan Howard
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
The European Union
John Pinder
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HUME A. J. Ayer
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven

JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
paul E. P. Sanders
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein Anthony Grayling

Visit our web site for news of forthcoming titles
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Mary Beard and John Henderson

Classics
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Athens Auckland Bangkok Bogotá Buenos Aires Calcutta
Cape Town Chennai Dar es Salaam Delhi Florence Hong Kong Istanbul
Karachi Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai
Nairobi Paris São Paulo Shanghai Singapore Taipei Tokyo Toronto Warsaw
with associated companies in Berlin Ibadan
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Mary Beard and John Henderson 1995
The moral rights of the authors have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as an Oxford University Press paperback 1995
Reissued 2000
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Beard, Mary.
A very short introduction to classics / Mary Beard and John
Henderson.
1. Classical literature – History and criticism. 2. Civilization,
Classical. I. Henderson, John, 1949– . II. Title.
PA3009.B4 1995
880′.09—dc20
95–18886
ISBN 0–19–285385–6
3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Spain by Book Print S. L.

Contents

List of Illustrations
List of Maps

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

The Visit
On Site

vi

x

1
9

Being There

23

A Guide in Hand

36

Beneath the Surface
Grand Theories

49

60

The Art of Reconstruction

72

The Greatest Show on Earth
Imagine That

102

‘Et in Arcadia Ego’ 117
Outline of Bassae Frieze
Timelines
References

130
135

Further Reading
Index

143

138

128

89

List of Illustrations

1

Plan of the British Museum:

6

Classical Galleries and

Excavation of the temple at
Bassae

Bassae Room

2

14

O. M. von Stackelberg, Der
Apollontempel zu Bassae in Arkadien

2

und die daselbst ausgegrabenen

Interior of the temple at
Bassae after excavation

Bildwerke (Rome, 1826)

3

C. R. Cockerell, The Temples of Jupiter
Panhellenius at Aegina and of Apollo

7

The temple at Bassae,

Epicurius at Bassae near Phigaleia in

before 1987

Arcadia (London, 1860)

Courtesy of the Museum of Classical

25

Archaeology, Cambridge

3

Portrait of Lord Byron by
Thomas Philips, [1813]

4

5

10

8

The temple at Bassae, with

Courtesy of the National Portrait

its protective tent

Gallery

Courtesy of I. Jenkins

9

The house of the French

27

Edward Lear, The Temple of

consul (Fauvel) in Athens 11

Apollo at Bassae, 1854/5 35

L. Dupré, Voyage à Athènes et

Courtesy of the Fitzwilliam Museum,

Constantinople (Paris, 1825)

Cambridge

Portrait of C. R. Cockerell by
J. A. D. Ingres, 1817

12

10

Papyrus with verses by
Cornelius Gallus
Courtesy of the Egypt Exploration
Society

42

11

18

Eleventh-century

Bassae, reconstruction

Annals – beginning of

C. R. Cockerell, The Temples of

Book XII

of Apollo Epicurius at Bassae near
Phigaleia in Arcadia (London, 1860)

Laurenziana, MS Laur. 68.2, fol. 6v

Masons’ and workmen’s
marks on the fabric of the
temple at Bassae

13

78

Jupiter Panhellenius at Aegina and

43

Florence, Biblioteca Medicea-

12

Interior of the temple at

manuscript of Tacitus’

50

19

Scheme of lyric metre

20

Bassae frieze, Apollo and

80

Artemis (BM 523)

81

Courtesy of the British Museum

Bronze slave-collar found
around the neck of a

21

skeleton in Rome

53

Bassae frieze, Herakles and
Amazon (BM 541)

82

Courtesy of the British Museum

14

Distribution map of cities
within the northern Roman
Empire

22

57

Poster for 1901 production
of the play Ben-Hur

From S. E. Alcock, Graecia Capta.

Courtesy of the Wheeler Opera

The Landscapes of Roman Greece

House

110

(Cambridge University Press, 1993)
after N. J. G. Pounds’s An Historical

23

Geography of Europe, 450 BC–AD 1330

Asterix the Gladiator

112

R. Goscinny and A. Uderzo, Asterix

(Cambridge University Press, 1973)

the Gladiator (Leicester, 1973). ©1995
by Les Éditions Albert René/

15

Critical apparatus

62

Goscinny-Uderzo

From D. L. Page, Aeschyli Tragoediae
(Oxford, 1972)

16

24

supine stem of conﬁteor

Outline plan of temple at
Bassae

‘And when I asked him the

73

the fool didn’t know’
Skool! (Pavillion Books, London,

17

Reconstruction of a

1958)

metope from the temple
of Bassae

75

114

G. Willans and R. Searle, Down with

25

‘Kennedy and the
Gerund’

28
115

N. Poussin, The Arcadian
Shepherds, 1638–40

120

G. Willans and R. Searle, How to be

29

Topp (Hodder and Stoughton,
London, 1954)

26

portrait of Mrs Bouverie
and Mrs Crewe

Memorial lines by
Kennedy

115

Primer (Longman, London, 1962)

Quentin Blake, front cover
of E. Waugh, Brideshead
Revisited (Harmondsworth,
1951)
Courtesy of Mr Quentin Blake

121

Courtesy of the Fitzwilliam Museum,

B. H. Kennedy, The Revised Latin

27

Engraving of Reynolds’s

119

Cambridge

Every effort has been made to trace and contact copyright holders
of ﬁgures and plates in this book. OUP apologizes for any errors or
omissions in these lists, and if notiﬁed will be pleased to make
corrections at the earliest opportunity.

List of Maps

1

The Classical World

xi

2

Greece

3

The Acropolis of Athens

4

The City of Rome

xii

xiii

xiii

1. The Classical World

2. Greece

3. The Acropolis of Athens

4. The City of Rome

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
The Visit

In and Out of the Museum
This introduction to Classics begins with a brief visit to a museum. We
have chosen the British Museum in London, and one particular room,
housing one particular monument that survives from ancient Greece. A
museum is a good place to look for ancient Greece and Rome; but this
visit will be the starting point for an exploration of Classics that extends
far beyond any museum and its objects.
Our visit follows the route set out for us by the numbering on the plan
provided for visitors to the museum, which the various guidebooks also
follow, in sequence, through the galleries (Fig. 1). Up the grand ﬂight of
steps, through the tall columns of the classical porch, into the front hall,
and past the bookshop; on through the burial urns and giant ‘Ali Baba’
jars that stand for heroic, pre-historic Greece (Rooms 1 and 2), and the
ﬁrst stiff marble ﬁgures that mark the beginning of ‘classical’ sculpture
(Rooms 3 and 4). Then we weave our way around the cases of shiny red
and black Greek vases (Room 5), until we reach the bottom of a narrow
staircase, that promises to take us off the main track. (We haven’t
reached the prize exhibit of the Parthenon sculptures yet.) A deviation,
then – and a surprise in store.
We climb the stairs to Room 6, which is on a mezzanine ﬂoor above the
other galleries. Past an emotive picture of ancient ruins drawn by some
1

Classics

1. Plan of the British Museum: how to ﬁnd the Bassae Room

‘milord’ who has emphatically included the signs of his class and
character – his gun and dog (see Fig. 2). Our destination turns out to be
a specially designed exhibition room, with carefully planned spotlights
trained to set off a series of carved stone slabs, about half-a-metre high,
laid end to end to form a frieze (a strip of ﬁghting bodies, men, women,
horses, half-horses . . .) that runs around the room at eye-level. (Not a
centimetre to spare – this room was built to ﬁt.) A couple of information
panels are here to help. These sculptures, they tell us, once formed the
frieze, carved towards the end of the ﬁfth century bce, inside the
2

2. Displaying the Spoils: Cockerell’s image of the temple at Bassae after the excavation

Temple of the god Apollo at a place called Bassae in Arcadia, a remote
district in the south-western corner of Greece. (All the places mentioned
in the book are marked on the Maps, pp. xi–xiii.)
The frieze (so the panels explain) shows two of the most famous scenes
of Greek myth. Half of this mass of bodies turn out to be combatants in
the battle of Greeks with the half-man/half-horse Centaurs (who, in true
beastly fashion, had spoiled a wedding feast by trying to steal the
women); the other half are ﬁghters in the conﬂict between Greeks
(Greek men that is, and Herakles himself in the lead), and the wild,
warrior women Amazons, strange and uncivilized. It was, the
information tells us, one of the famous Twelve Labours of Herakles (in
Latin, Hercules) to steal the belt of the Amazon Queen.
And the frieze is all here in the British Museum, precisely because of the

Classics

English milord, and his friends, whose picture we noticed on the way up.
In the early nineteenth century the remains of the temple at Bassae were
rediscovered by a group of English, German, and Danish archaeologistexplorers. In a matter of months they were to make a small fortune
when the sculpture was auctioned off to the British government. A few
fragments have ended up in Copenhagen, a few are still in Greece; but
essentially the whole thing was brought back to England.
There’s a puzzle here though, as the information panel explains. This
museum room may have been ‘built to ﬁt’ – but to ﬁt what? The twentythree individual slabs, here neatly laid out end to end, side by side, were
found widely scattered around the ruins of the temple, one by one, in
complete confusion; and no one has ever been quite sure what goes
with what, how to do this great stone jigsaw, or what exactly the
picture is supposed to be. If you examine the drawings of the slabs of
the frieze outline at the back this book (pp. 128–9), you will be following
one solution to the problem of the original layout. What we see in the
museum’s Bassae Room can be no more, and no less, than someone’s
best guess at how it might once have looked.
4

At how it might once have looked? Never mind the jigsaw puzzle, the
information panels have already alerted us to the fact that these
sculptures, in their ancient setting, never looked much like this. In their
temple they were high up, 7 metres up the wall of the inner room of the
sanctuary, poorly lit, probably difﬁcult to see (let’s imagine plenty of
dust and cobwebs); they were not conveniently at eye-level, spotlit for
our attention. It’s stating the obvious, of course, to say that we are in a
museum, whose job it is to present these ‘works of art’ for our
inspection (admiration or study), clean, tidy, and explained; stating the
obvious to say that the temple at Bassae was no museum, but a
religious shrine, and that these sculptures were part of a holy place,
whose own visitors (as we shall see) had not come looking for labels and
explanations of what they saw. (After all, they knew the stories of
Herakles against the Amazons, Greeks against the Centaurs, from
granny’s knee.) There is a big gap, in other words, between the
historical context and the modern display.

learned to take it for granted. We are not surprised, for example, to ﬁnd
a prehistoric spearhead (once, maybe, lodged fatally and bloodily in the
skull of some unfortunate ﬁghter) laid out in front of us in an elegant
show-case; we do not even imagine that any of those gleaming museum
reconstructions of the Roman kitchen, with their wholesome
ingredients and cheerful waxwork slave cooks, capture much of the
(grimmer) realities of Roman, or any, cooking and domestic labour. That
is how museums are. We are not deceived by their displays to think they
‘simply’ represent the past.
At the same time, that gap between the museum and the past, between
us and them, prompts a series of questions. In the case of Bassae, we
may be well aware that the sculptures were originally part of a religious
sanctuary, not a museum. But ‘religion’ in what sense? How are we to
think of the ‘religion’ practised in a Greek temple? And were ‘religious’
objects not also ‘works of art’ for the Greeks, as well as for us? This
5

The Visit

Museums always operate with that gap, and we museum visitors have

temple (as we shall discover) was in the middle of nowhere, the back of
beyond, on the side of a mountain. What was the point of a temple
there? Did no one ever come to visit it as a tourist rather than a pious
pilgrim, to see the sights? Did no ancient visitor want some of the
scenes, barely visible 7 metres up, explained? How different was a visit of
theirs from our visit to the museum? How sure can we be, in other
words, about the gap that separates us and them, about what we share
with the ﬁfth-century bce visitors to this temple (pilgrims, tourists,
worshippers . . . ?), and what sets us apart?
There are questions too about the histories that unfold within that gap.
These sculptures are not simply objects of a story shared only by us and
those who ﬁrst built and used the temple. What did Bassae mean to the
inhabitants of Roman Greece when, 300 or so years after our temple was
constructed, the great superpower of ancient Rome had added Greece

Classics

to the biggest empire the world had ever known? Did Roman conquest
make a difference to who came to this temple, and to the expectations
they had? And what of the intrepid group of explorers who braved the
bandits of (then Turkish) Greece to rediscover the temple and bring its
sculpture back to England? Was that an enterprise (of imperialism, of
exploitation) that now embarrasses us? Were they tourists, rather like
us, or not? How did Bassae ﬁt into their vision of the classical world? Is
that a vision that we can share with them, based (at least in part) on
shared admiration for the literature, art, and philosophy of Greece and
Rome?

Us and them: Classics
Classics is a subject that exists in that gap between us and the world of
the Greeks and Romans. The questions raised by Classics are the
questions raised by our distance from ‘their’ world, and at the same
time by our closeness to it, and by its familiarity to us. In our museums,
in our literature, languages, culture, and ways of thinking. The aim of
Classics is not only to discover or uncover the ancient world (though that
6

is part of it, as the rediscovery of Bassae, or the excavation of the
furthest outposts of the Roman empire on the Scottish borders, shows).
Its aim is also to deﬁne and debate our relationship to that world. This
book will explore that relationship, and its history, starting from a
spectacle that is familiar, but, at the same time, as we shall see, can
become puzzling and strange: dismembered fragments of an ancient
Greek temple put on show in the heart of modern London. In Latin the
word ‘museum’ once indicated ‘a temple of the Muses’; in what
respects is the modern museum the right place to preserve treasures
from a classical temple? Does it only look the part?
The issues raised by Bassae provide a model for understanding Classics
in its widest sense. Of course, Classics is about more than the physical
remains, the architecture, sculpture, pottery, and painting, of ancient
Greece and Rome. It is also (to select just a few things) about the
poetry, drama, philosophy, science, and history written in the ancient
essentially similar issues are at stake, questions about how we are to
read literature which has a history of more than 2,000 years, written in a
society very distant and different from our own.
To read Plato’s writings on philosophical topics, for example, involves
facing that difference, and trying to understand a society, fourthcentury bce Greece, in which writing came not in printed books but on
papyrus rolls, each one copied by the hand of a slave; and in which
‘philosophy’ was still thought of as an activity that went on in the openair life of the city, and was part of a social world of drinking and dinner.
Even when philosophy became a subject for study in lecture- and
classroom, in its own right (as it had become to some extent by the
fourth century), it remained a very different business from our own
academic tradition – for all that Plato’s school was the original
‘Academy’, named after a suburb of Athens. On the other hand, remote
or not, to read Plato is also to read philosophy that belongs to us, not
just to them. Plato is still the most commonly read philosopher in the
7

The Visit

world, and still read and debated as part of our culture. But here too,

world; and as we read him now, we inevitably read him as part of ‘our’
philosophical tradition, in the light of all those philosophers who have
come since, who themselves had read Plato. . . This complex, interactive
process of reading, understanding, and debate is itself the challenge of
Classics.
The temple of Bassae is unique, unrepeatable; and the range of
questions it raises is not quite like that raised by any other monument or
text. This book will follow all kinds of different trails set by the temple,
its sculptures, and its history: from the mythical conﬂicts represented
on its walls (men ﬁghting women, men ﬁghting monsters) and the
particular puzzles of its purpose, function, and use, to the slave labour
that built the temple, the landscape that surrounds it, the ancient
visitors who admired it, and not least, the succeeding generations who

Classics

have rediscovered and reinterpreted it.
Every survival from the classical world is, of course, unique. At the same
time, as this book will show, there are problems, stories, questions,
signiﬁcances that all those survivals hold in common; there is a place in
‘our’ cultural story that they (and only they) share. That, and reﬂection
on that, amounts to Classics.

8

Chapter 2
On Site

All the way to Greece
The story of the rediscovery of the temple at Bassae is one of exploration,
good luck, friendship, coincidence, international diplomacy, pressure
salesmanship, and murder. It is also a story that reveals a lot about the
different ways Classics might even now be deﬁned and understood.
The story starts in Athens, in the early years of the nineteenth century.
Not the sprawling modern capital, but a messy little town under Turkish
rule, about 1,300 houses, not much more than a village. Certainly not a
tourist centre. There was nowhere handy to stay, only a monastery, or
an obliging widow if you were lucky. And there was no one to help you
out, except other foreign visitors and a few long term foreign residents.
In other words, you’d do well to go native and keep in step with Lord
Byron, the most famous English visitor of the time (see Fig. 3). Or better
still you could court Louis-Sebastien Fauvel, who lived most of his life in
Athens, where he held a ﬁstful of now misleadingly grand titles, ‘French
Consul’ for one (see Fig. 4). Fauvel knew everybody and could wangle
more or less anything for you, even a pass up to the great temple of the
Parthenon, which then housed a mosque in the middle of the Turkish
governor’s fortress (long demolished to clear the temple for Greece –
whether pagan or Christian, for Greece).
It was here in 1811 that the band of explorers got together: a couple of
9

3. Going Native: Byron in Eastern dress

German painters-cum-architects, and two Danish archaeologists (who
had all met as students in Rome), now joined by two English architects,
C. R. Cockerell (see Fig. 5) and John Foster, recently arrived from England
via Constantinople (the modern Istanbul). Their ﬁrst joint expedition
was to the ruins of a temple on the island of Aegina not far from Athens.
They embarked on this just as Lord Elgin’s ﬁnal shipments of Parthenon
sculpture were being sent back to England. A nice anecdote of
coincidence has them put out to sea in a small boat, passing Elgin’s
great ship (which also had Byron on board, returning home), serenading
Byron with one of his favourite songs and being invited on board for a
farewell drink or two. It was an auspicious start to a successful
expedition. The temple-sculptures that they dug out of the ruins ended
up, with pride of place, in Prince Ludwig I of Bavaria’s new museum in
his capital of Munich, where they are still on show in the Glyptothek.
11

On Site

4. Chez Fauvel: the French consul at home in Athens

5. The young architect: Charles R. Cockerell

Their next plan was to travel to Bassae, much further away and much
more dangerous. The area round about was plagued with malaria, and
the ﬁrst traveller from western Europe to come across the temple (the
Frenchman Joachim Bocher, in 1765) had barely lived to tell the tale.
When he had tried to make a return visit shortly afterwards he was
murdered by, in Cockerell’s words, ‘the lawless bandits of Arcadia’.
Nevertheless, the group believed, from an ancient description of the
temple written by a Greek traveller of the second century ce, that it had
been designed by the same architect as had designed the Parthenon,
the acknowledged masterpiece of ancient architecture. The possibility
of ﬁnding another Parthenon was in their sights, and they left Athens to
arrive at Bassae late in 1811.
It was Cockerell who ﬁrst discovered the frieze. After a few days camped
out on the hillside and poking around in the ruins, he noticed a fox
coming out of its deep lair under a load of the temple debris. When he
carved marble slab, which he rightly recognized as a piece of the
temple’s frieze. The team carefully covered it back up again, and went
away to strike a deal with the Turkish authorities, permitting them to
ﬁnd and remove the rest. They came back the next year, without
Cockerell, who had moved on to Sicily, and one of the Danes, who had
died of malaria. Raising an army of local workmen and braving attacks
from bandits, most likely neighbours, if not cousins, of their workers,
they dug up the frieze and other smaller pieces of sculpture (see Fig. 6),
and carried them the 30-odd kilometres down to the sea, and off to the
nearby island of Zante (which was then, conveniently, occupied by the
British Navy). It only remained to sell them off.
One way of telling this story might be as a tale of aristocratic culture
and privilege: Classics as the Grand Tour, the pastime of English nobility
and their European equivalents (just the names of the Germans give it
away: Baron Haller von Hallerstein, Baron Otto Magnus von
Stackelberg). Upper-class boys, who had learned Latin and Greek at
13

On Site

investigated he found that amongst this debris, down in the lair, was a

Classics

6. Work in progress: excavation of the temple at Bassae

school, followed that up with a ‘cultural’ trip to Greece itself, with
plenty of rowdy drinking, and scrapes over the local girls thrown in, no
doubt. This was the world of an élite, rich enough to travel, and, if you
think about the proceeds of the sale of the treasures, enriched by it too,
and fast.
But it is more complicated than that. Think for a moment about what
they were discovering Greece for. Some of the Bassae party had far
more practical aims than our image of the Grand Tour would suggest.
Cockerell himself was certainly well-heeled, but his tour had, at least
in part, a professional agenda. He was an architect, looking for
masterpieces of ancient building from which to learn his craft. In
particular, he was curious to see how far the surviving remains of Greek
temples matched up with the recommendations of Vitruvius, an ancient
Roman architect, whose architectural handbook was still in use as a
professional manual. This was not just the disinterested pursuit of
beauty and culture; the ancient world was offering a practical model
of design, of ‘how to do it’, for the contemporary craftsman.
14

In much the same way, young artists of the period learned their skills
from a study of ancient sculpture, from endless copying and re-copying
of plaster casts of ancient statues, or (better still) of the originals
themselves. This was not as part of a course in the history of art, but as a
practical lesson from the best sculpture, it was believed, the world had
ever produced. Today artistic training no longer relies on Greece and
Rome as its main means of instruction. In fact, earlier this century
plaster casts of ancient sculpture were thrown out in their hundreds by
British art schools, smashed in an exaggerated effort to assert freedom
from what was seen (wrongly or rightly) as the cramping constraints of
such ‘classical’ teaching. But the role of the classical world as a practical
model, whether for design, or for behaviour, still forms part of our own
debates. Many of our recent architectural controversies, for example,
have focused on the question of whether classical architectural forms
are still the best, and most appropriate to imitate.

expedition to Bassae: Germans, Danes, English, with the invaluable help
of a Frenchman. Then remember that at the time of their discoveries
Europe was in the middle of the Napoleonic Wars. This was not just a
group of like-minded aristocrats; it was a group of potential enemies.
Classics, and the rediscovery of the classical world, drew them together
not only because, here outside the fray, they could share some
academic and cultural interests – and never mind the war. Classics could
represent a much more fundamental challenge to the nationalist
interests of nineteenth-century Europe.
The rediscovery of Greece was, in a way, the rediscovery of the origins of
western culture as a whole. It offered a way of seeing the origin of all
European civilization, that transcended local, nationalist squabbles.
Never mind that those squabbles were always ready to rise to the
surface again, when it came to auctioning off the classical treasures that
had been discovered; the point was that Greece gave western culture
common roots that all educated people at least could share. As we shall
15

On Site

Think also about the motley international group that made up the

see in Chapter 8, it is in much the same spirit that, almost 200 years
later, ancient Athens can still be seen as the ultimate ancestor of
democracy world-wide, a unifying origin of a favoured political system –
even if we disagree about quite what ‘democracy’ really means, what it
has ever meant, or whose version is best. Even disputes and wars could
seem, on all sides, to replay ancient battles, literally going over the same
old ground; to those who received a classical education, across modern
borders, events could have the feel of familiar quotations.
But the single most important fact about the expedition to Bassae is
that it was an expedition. For centuries Classics has involved not just
sitting in a library reading the literature that survives from the ancient
world, or visiting museums to see neatly displayed sculpture. It has
involved journeys of discovery, to ﬁnd Classics and the classical world

Classics

on the ground, wherever they are preserved.
So classicists have been, and still are, explorers. They have trekked for
months over barren Turkish mountains, in search of the fortresses of the
Roman conquest. They have dug out scraps of ancient papyrus, with
their precious traces of ancient literature, from the sands of Egypt
(once itself a province of the Roman empire). They have travelled, like
Cockerell and friends, round the byways of rural Greece, drawing,
measuring, and now photographing, long-forgotten classical sites.
They have hired donkeys and ridden through the Syrian desert, from
monastery to monastery, scouring their libraries for manuscripts in the
hope of ﬁnding some lost classical text, faithfully copied by a medieval
monk. To be interested in the classical world has often meant literally to
go there, to embark on a voyage into the unknown.

Running down a dream
That voyage, of course, is more complicated than simple discovery (as
any explorer anywhere must always have found). It inevitably involves a
tension between expectation and reality; between, in this case, an
16

image of the glories of ancient Greece, as fountain-head of civilization,
and the realities of Greece as a country to be visited. We do not know
exactly what Cockerell expected when he set off on his journey from
England; nor do we know his reaction on landing in Athens. But it is
clear that many nineteenth-century travellers were dismayed to
discover (whatever the beauties of the scenery, or the romance of the
ruins) the tawdry village that stood on the site of ancient Athens, the
ﬁlth and disease, and the mean dishonesty (as they saw it) of plenty of
the locals. ‘Tears ﬁll the eye’, wrote one early visitor, ‘but not with those
of delight.’ As de Quincey most memorably put it, in his account of
‘Modern Greece’: ‘What are the nuisances, special to Greece, which
repel tourists from that country? They are three – robbers, ﬂeas, and
dogs.’ How could such people uphold ‘the glory that was Greece’ in the
face of its modern degradation?
There were many answers to that question. Some travellers turned their
and highway robbery could be thought of as enhancing the heroism of
the discovery of ancient Greece itself; swashbuckling tales of ambush,
or gallant deaths in far-off climes, all added to the romance of the
exploration. Others tried to see through the grim surface to the nobility
of ancient Greece, still present (if somewhat hidden) in the latter-day
Greeks; you could, after all, always make the Turks the real enemy (as
Lord Byron did when he later returned to ﬁght and die for Greece in the
War of Independence). But others came to a very different conclusion:
that a visit to Greece was best undertaken in the imagination.
There was, in other words, a contested image of the discovery of the
classical world. And some of the most powerful representations of
classical Greece, those which have formed the ways we still see and
understand the classical past, were the creations of men who had never
visited Greece itself, whose Greece was, quite plainly, ‘imaginary’. John
Keats, for example, whose poetry celebrated the splendour of Greek art
and culture in early nineteenth-century England (most famously,
17

On Site

difﬁculties into advantage. Heroic struggles against disease, cheating,

perhaps, in his ‘Ode on a Grecian Urn’), had visited Rome; but he never
ventured to make the crossing to Greece. He had not read much ancient
literature either, or at least not in any very scholarly way. He knew next
to nothing of the ancient Greek language, but drew entirely on
translations, and on what he could see in museums.
These different images did not sit easily next to one another. Keats
himself was mercilessly ridiculed by many at the time for his ignorance
of Greece and of Greek. One particularly vicious review of his poems (so
vicious that it was widely believed at the time to have led to his death)
dubbed him ‘a Cockney rhymester’, whose romantic vision of classical
culture was built on not much more than his private fantasy. But Byron
saw the point:
John Keats, who was kill’d off by one critique;

Classics

Just as he really promised something great,
If not intelligible, without Greek
Contrived to talk about the Gods of late,
Much as they might be expected to speak.
Poor fellow! His was an untoward fate.

All the same, Keats’s vision of the beauty and sublimity of ancient
Greece, fantasy or not, became the standard against which
contemporary Greece and the remains of its classical past were
typically judged.
The dispute is clearly seen in the exchanges over the removal of the
Elgin marbles from the Parthenon to the British Museum. Some people,
even at the time (this is not just a twentieth-century debate), saw this as
scandalous mutilation of the monument, a sacrilegious robbery of the
treasures of Greece. The most vociferous of the critics was Lord Byron;
and it is another irony of the anecdote of the farewell party at sea with
Cockerell and friends that the same Byron who was travelling back to
England on the ship carrying some of Elgin’s marbles had just written a
18

vitriolic poem denouncing Elgin’s desecration of the Parthenon. Byron
painted the Scottish peer Elgin as the worst in a long line of vandals who
had despoiled this shrine of the goddess Pallas Athene:
But who, of all the plunderers of yon fane,
On high, where Pallas linger’d, loth to ﬂee
The latest relic of her ancient reign;
The last, the worst, dull spoiler, who was he?
Blush, Caledonia! such thy son could be!

But even more striking is the fact that many people in England,
committed to a particular vision of classical perfection, did not take to
what they saw when the Parthenon sculptures eventually went on show.
So different were these battered pieces of marble from the expectations
the waiting public had had of the greatest monument of the classical
world, that they were convinced that there had been a terrible mistake:
made much later, under the Roman empire.
The other crucial fact about the expedition to Bassae is that it was an
expedition to Greece, not to Italy. True, some of the party had already
visited Rome. And Cockerell was to do so when the end of the
Napoleonic War made a visit feasible; for in 1811 both Rome and Naples
were, in fact, formally closed to the English. Nevertheless, the choice of
Greece, not Italy, as their land of exploration does represent a major
change of direction in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth
centuries: the goal of a classical visit abroad was no longer just Rome,
but the more distant shores of Athens and beyond.
The idea of Classics as discovery in part explains this change. If the
exploration of classical lands was seen in terms of a heroic journey to
strange and remote places, then Rome had become a bit too tame.
Earlier, maybe, exploration of Italy had been difﬁcult and exotic. But by
1800 there were already plenty of hotels in Rome at least, relatively easy
19

On Site

the sculptures were not the original works of art at all, but replacements

travel arrangements, guides and guidebooks; in short, the
infrastructure of a thriving early tourist industry was in place. For those
who wanted the excitement of the unknown, rather than an
increasingly bourgeois ‘holiday’, the next step was Greece, with its
undiscovered monuments, mountain hide-outs, and weird diseases.

Made in Greece – wanted in Rome
But there was also another kind of logic in that progression from Italy to
Greece, a logic that came from the ancient world itself. Rome was the
world conqueror: a little town in central Italy that, by an extraordinary
series of military victories over a period of 300 years, brought most of
the known world under its control. Yet, at the same time, Roman
culture was preoccupied with its debts to those it had conquered, above
all to Greece. The Roman poet Horace saw the central paradox when he

Classics

wrote in his Epistle to the Roman Emperor Augustus that the conquest
of Greece had also been a conquest of Rome, because Roman
civilization, art, and literature were all owed to Greece. Graecia capta
ferum uictorem cepit. ‘Fierce Rome’, that is, ‘had been captured by
captive Greece.’
It is hard to know how far Rome was really parasitic on Greek culture, or
how far Romans really were just savage barbarians until they were
civilized by their Greek conquests. It is almost as hard to know what it
would mean to say of Rome, or of any society, that it had no ‘culture’ of
its own, that its civilization was simply borrowed. But it is certainly the
case that the Romans themselves often put their relationship with
Greece in those terms, tracing the origin of their art and architecture, as
well as many of their forms of literature and poetry, directly back to
Greece.
Horace, for example, presented his verse as following in the traditions of
earlier Greek verse, even as a conscious imitation of Greek poetic
themes and forms. To claim the status of a classic Roman poet, he
20

proclaimed his indebtedness to Greek poetry written more than 500
years earlier, and long taught and studied in the Greek world as classics
of Greek literature. Roman temples too (almost like museums) were
ﬁlled with Greek works of art, and with Roman works that were copies
of Greek works, or versions and variations on the same themes.
So, to discover Rome, whether on the ground, amongst the ruins, or by
reading Latin literature in the library, has always meant to be led on to
Greece as well and to discover the Greek world through the Roman.
That is as true for us, or for nineteenth-century travellers, as it was for
the Romans themselves. The excursion to Bassae was part of that
cultural journey from Rome to Greece, just as much as it was part of a
search for novelty, and for new territories of the unknown.
In fact, it turned out that Bassae was the site of a very particular object
in the history of Roman culture and its origins. The favourite Roman
‘Corinthian’. This title goes back to the ancient world itself; and the
Roman architect Vitruvius explained it with a story that the style was an
inheritance from Greece, invented by a man living in the Greek city of
Corinth. It was the fanciest type of column capital known in Greece or
Rome, with intricate scrolls and foliage, and it came to be a symbol of
Roman grandeur, paraded on the façades of all their proudest buildings.
Whatever the basis of Vitruvius’ story, the earliest known example of
the Corinthian capital was found in the temple at Bassae (proudly
displayed in Fig. 2). Discovered by Cockerell and his friends, it has not
survived beyond a few fragments. One story goes that it was
deliberately smashed out of spite by the Turkish authorities, when they
discovered what a great haul of sculpture they had let the visitors take
away. But our party had already drawn and recorded it, as the Greek
ancestor of the most characteristic Roman architectural form.
For the sculpture itself, this part of the story ends in international rivalry
and competition. The agents of Prince Ludwig had managed to secure
21

On Site

style for decorating the capitals of their columns is known as

all the statues taken from Aegina, helped by some hopeless bungling on
the part of the British who were the other main bidders. It was so
hopeless that some believed they had been tricked: the British agent
had gone to Malta (where the material had been taken to safety out of
the immediate war zone), apparently unaware that the auction was still
going ahead on Zante. This made the British government all the more
determined to win the Bassae marbles for Britain. An auction was held
in 1814, on Zante again. Ludwig, content with the treasures of Aegina,
was not now in the race. Fauvel put in a bid on behalf of the French, but
this was easily outstripped by the British offer of £19,000.
The sculptures were loaded on a gunboat, and taken ‘home’ to the
British Museum. There they have never ceased to provoke debate, not
only about their artistic quality and history, but also about the politics

Classics

of the exploration of Greece.

22

Chapter 3
Being There

We’re all going on a summer holiday
We have all made a romantic visit to Bassae. We may never have been to
Greece; but we have all opened tourist brochures and looked at posters,
and in our imagination have made the trip to the temple in the
mountains.
‘Greece’ now signiﬁes many things, even more, no doubt, than it did
200 years ago. It is a country of sun, beaches, and seaside pleasures; it is
a country where time doesn’t matter, where old men sit for hours in
cafés drinking ouzo and playing backgammon (or the bouzouki), and
where the traditions of peasant hospitality still thrive. But a central part
of our image of Greece is the particular combination of classical ruins
and rugged mountain landscape that haunts almost every picture of
Bassae. There may actually be many other areas of the world where we
could ﬁnd a similar scene; there are sites in the mountains of Turkey, for
example, that look just like this. But, for us, that image of Bassae
symbolizes ‘Greece’. We do not need a caption on the picture to tell us
where it is.
At the same time, that Greek landscape stands for Classics. The whole of
Europe, as well as parts of Africa and western Asia, is dotted with ruins
of its classical past. Everywhere that was once part of the Roman
empire, from Scotland to the Sahara, still carries the physical traces of
23

its ancient history. Some of the best-preserved Roman towns are in the
deserts of Tunisia, with houses, temples, amphitheatres, and mosaics
that more than rival the remains of Pompeii; and a monument such as
Hadrian’s Wall still makes a powerful impression, as it cuts clear across
Northern England, where once it deﬁned the Roman boundary between
the civilized world and the barbarian territory beyond the pale. Yet for
all that, our image of the classical world is still contained in that picture
of the Greek temple in its wild mountain setting.
Every summer thousands of people do, in fact, visit Bassae (in Modern
Greek, , Vasses, or Vassai), turning the romantic voyage of their
imagination into an on-site tour. Bassae is one of the high-spots of any
journey through the Peloponnese. In the early years of this century,
when you still had to make your way there by mule, an Oxford academic
(L. R. Farnell, the author of the classic study of religion in the various

Classics

Greek cities) was so overcome with the beauty of it all that he could
claim that his visit had made him feel ‘that most of my earthly
aspirations were satisﬁed’. More recently, H. D. F. Kitto, pantheist and
Professor of Greek at Bristol for much of the mid-twentieth century, tells
how bitterly disappointed he was not to have been granted a vision
from Apollo when he slept, on the night of the full moon, outside the
temple at Bassae. Today Bassae is a stopping-off point for cruises around
the Greek islands (putting into port for the day), or a comfortable
detour for backpackers discovering ‘unspoilt’ Greece. Almost every
modern guidebook expects you to make a visit, and explains how to do
it and what you will ﬁnd.
There is now a good tarmac road right up to the temple, and it’s just a
short drive through the mountains from the nearby village of
Andritsena, with its tourist shops, hotels, and cafés. There is no bus; but,
if you do not have a car, you can easily get a taxi to take you there.
Accessibility is no longer a problem. This is a regular tourist outing,
served by its own convenient, purpose-built highway, laid out at great
expense, with the sole aim of getting visitors to the site and back again.
24

7. The classic image of the temple at Bassae

of the place. They promise ‘spectacular’ scenery: the ‘lofty cheerless’
location of the temple, the ‘snaking’ path of the road, ‘slithering along
the cliffs’. A visit to Bassae, in other words, is still presented to us as an
exploration into wild, unknown territory (see Fig. 7).
This is just how it ﬁgures, for example, in an early 1970s novel by Simon
Raven, Come Like Shadows, where Major Fielding Gray, who is re-writing
a script for a ﬁlm of Homer’s Odyssey, turns up at ‘Vassae’, apparently in
a state of collapse, ‘sobbing his heart out about Greek hexameters and
compressed prose equivalents, and, oh, Homer, Homer, and was he
worthy. . .’, but actually detained, drugged, and grilled by an American
agent, Aloysius Sheath who works at the site for ‘the American School of
Greek Studies’. While Sasha and Jules are sipping lemon juice and gin
elsewhere, Sheath takes Fielding ‘for a walk round the temple of Apollo
the Saviour at Vassae . . . “The odd thing about this temple . . . is that it
was erected in the loneliest part of the country . . . The grey columns
sprouted from the grey rock” . . . Grey sky and grey scrub and grey rock.
25

Being There

Even so, the guidebooks emphatically celebrate the rugged remoteness

Not a man, not an animal in sight anywhere. Not a house either . . .
except the House of Apollo the Saviour. “Four thousand feet up, we
are . . .”.’

Off the road and outasight
When you arrive on the site now, however, another kind of surprise
awaits you. You cannot actually see the temple at all. It is still there, of
course. And, in fact, it stands prouder now than it did in the days of
Cockerell and his friends, because many of the scattered blocks have
been brought together and reconstructed into standing columns. But
the whole building is entirely covered by what has been described as ‘an
enormous circus tent’, ‘a vast high-tech marquee’ (see Fig. 8). So it has
been since 1987; and so it will stay for the foreseeable future. The
romantic image of classical ruins in their rugged landscape dissolves

Classics

into a quite different picture, of a huge grey marquee, spread out over
metal girders, and pegged into rough concrete settings in the ground.
The guidebooks do warn the attentive reader of the surprise in store.
But they do little to confront the disappointment anyone will feel at
visiting a famous romantic ruin that turns out to be entirely shrouded in
modern, unromantic canvas. A few books come close to suggesting that
you might call off your trip altogether: ‘It has to be said that visitors are
likely to be disappointed. If you are not put off . . .’. Most try to offer a
serious account of why this tent is needed to protect the remains: to
keep off the acid rain, to provide shelter for the workmen in the long
programme of restoration, or (and this is the ofﬁcial version) to
preserve the delicate foundations from erosion by water. Some even try
to turn it all to the tourist’s advantage, claiming that the tent itself is
impressive: ‘a remarkable structure in its own right, and it does add
atmosphere once inside.’ Visit the girders of Greece, indeed!
At this point it is probably the differences between any modern visit to
Bassae and the early nineteenth-century explorations that seem most
26

8. Bassae today

striking. For Cockerell and his party it was a dangerous journey, through
face of brigands and fever. For us, there are taxis, hotels, and postcards
to buy in the nearby village. Bassae has become a pleasant day’s outing,
supported and encouraged by all the resources of Greece’s biggest
industry: tourism.
The early travellers hoped not just for new discoveries from the classical
past, but for the chance to acquire for themselves and their country
whatever they could ﬁnd to take away. The relics of the past were there
to be possessed and owned. Modern classical tourists, on the other
hand, have been taught to restrict their acquisitive ambitions to the
purchase of a few postcards and souvenirs. Today you could, in fact, be
arrested if you tried to take any genuinely ancient object out of Greece –
even a small pot at the bottom of your suitcase, let alone twenty-three
mighty slabs of sculpted marble. The guidebooks explicitly direct the
tourist towards issues of conservation, and the demanding problems, as
well as the expense, of keeping the Greek heritage standing up where it
belongs. The loss of Bassae’s romance, we are told, is all in the cause of
27

Being There

unhospitable, unhealthy country; they literally risked their lives, in the

the site’s protection. So the tent serves as a vivid reminder of changed
priorities in our attitudes to the classical past more generally: from a
nineteenth-century culture of acquisition and ownership, to a
twentieth-century culture of loving care and preservation.
But modern tourists may have rather more in common with the earlier
travellers than ﬁrst appears. They share a continuing sense of the
excitement of exploration, felt even on the most well-trodden tourist
routes. The guidebooks, as we have seen, still write up what is now the
easy coach trip or taxi ride to Bassae in much the same terms that
Cockerell himself described his journey. And the same books, in offering
more general advice to the tourist, still tend to treat a Greek holiday as a
voyage into a strange and potentially dangerous land – even if brisk
warnings about ‘holiday tummy’ have come to replace tragic tales of
death from malaria, and advice on crooked taxi-drivers and pickpockets

Classics

has replaced stories of murder by those ‘lawless bandits of Arcadia’.

Your very special memento
The guidebooks also share a common culture of acquisition, ownership,
and display. It may be true that the modern traveller brings home only
postcards, photographs, and cheap plastic, or expensive pottery,
replicas as holiday souvenirs. But it is still an essential part of the
business of tourism (in Greece or anywhere) that tourists should take
something home with them. It is a direct result of our summer holidays
that twentieth-century Britain is more littered with images of Classics
and the classical world than nineteenth-century Britain ever was: from
miniature plastic Parthenons or fancy ‘Greek’ pots on our mantelpieces
to postcard memories of classical visits stuck on our walls.
We are also quite happy to go on visiting and admiring those major
works of art that earlier Grand Tourists decided to bring home from their
Greek explorations, whatever our qualms about the propriety of these
acquisitions. In fact, it is a strange irony that the twentieth-century
28

ideology of conservation and safe-keeping can itself be used to justify
holding on to these genuine classical relics, however dubiously acquired
by our nineteenth-century ancestors. One of the commonest
justiﬁcations offered for keeping the Parthenon marbles in the British
Museum, and not returning them to Greece, is precisely that ‘we’ have
looked after them better than they would ever have been looked after in
Greece itself.
Patronizing self-congratulation can, of course, even be exported in the
form of generous ﬁrst-aid for Greek sites, once archaeology, collecting,
and tourism have taken their toll. Back in his novel’s ‘Vassae’, Raven
satirizes his American archaeologist poser – ‘with the nose of a hockeystick’ – this way: ‘ “And yet outside Athens there is not a better
preserved temple in Greece. Of course”, said Aloysius Sheath, “we’ve
helped a lot with that. They’re very grateful. Now then . . . You’ll notice
that it has six columns front and back, and ﬁfteen on either side instead
but twenty-three panels of frieze have been carted away by . . . guess
whom . . . the British . . .” ’.
But what links us most closely of all with earlier generations of Greek
explorers is the tension we inherit from them between the expectations
we have of Greece and its, maybe, disappointing reality. Cockerell and
his contemporaries were struck by the difference between their
idealized image of the classical world and the tawdry peasant life that
they actually found. The idea of glamorous and heroic exploration was
one way they had of dealing with that difference. We, of course, are the
inheritors not only of the ancient ideals of classical perfection, but also
of that nineteenth-century romantic vision. Inevitably, the ‘real’ Greece
will be a surprise for us too.
Whatever our commitment to archaeological conservation, we cannot
help but feel let down when our trip to romantic Bassae ends at a
temple that is barely visible under its grey hood. Like the early travellers,
29

Being There

of the usual twelve. There are thirty-seven of them still standing here,

we too are obliged to ﬁnd a way of dealing with that clash between our
imaginary vision of Greece and what we actually see when we get there.
Whatever the origin of our preconceptions, whether we are Grand
Tourists or package-holiday makers, a visit to Greece always involves
reconciling those preconceptions with what we actually ﬁnd. We are not
normally faced with the ‘atmosphere’ of an indoor temple in the clouds;
but still, a visit to Greece always involves confronting different and
competing visions of Classics and the classical world.
We modern tourists, in other words, are both like and unlike the early
travellers. Our priorities have certainly shifted, the focus of our interest
in the temple and its preservation is no doubt quite different, the
physical conditions of our journey have changed beyond recognition.
Yet we share with our predecessors not just an experience of what
remains essentially the same monument (tent or no tent); we also share

Classics

a set of problems about how we are to understand our visit, and how to
deal with the sometimes awkward clash between the Greece that exists
in our imagination and the Greece that exists on the ground. Even more
important, perhaps, the experience of Greece is not something we
discover for ourselves, entirely anew; it is something that, at least in
part, we inherit from those earlier travellers who experienced Greece
before us.

In it up to here
This mixture of similarity and difference offers a powerful model for
understanding Classics as a whole. It suggests one answer to the central
question that Classics always raises: how far does Classics change? How
far is Classics today the same as it was 100, 200, 300 years ago? How far
can there ever be anything new to say or think in a subject that people
have written and talked about for 2,000 years or more?
The answer, as our visit to Bassae has already suggested, is that Classics
is always the same and always different. When we sit down to read the
30

epic poetry of Homer or Virgil, the philosophy of Plato, Aristotle, or
Cicero, the plays of Sophocles, Aristophanes, or Plautus, we are sharing
that activity with all those who have read those works before. It gives us
something in common with the medieval monks who devotedly copied
out (and so preserved for us) hundreds of classical texts, with
nineteenth-century schoolboys whose days were ﬁlled with studying
‘the Classics’, as well as with centuries of architects and builders
throughout Europe who (like Cockerell) read their Vitruvius in order to
learn how to build.
More than that, our experience of Classics is inevitably inﬂuenced by
theirs. It is not just that the choices of those medieval monks about what
they should copy have effectively determined what classical texts are
still available for us to read; for almost all the literature that survives
from the ancient world owes its preservation to their energies in
copying and recopying. It is also that we experience Classics in the light
ancient world. No other subject gives quite such rich and varied
company.
We are all already Classicists, however much (or little) we think we know
about the Greeks and Romans. We can never come to Classics as
complete strangers. There is no other foreign culture that is so much
part of our history. This does not necessarily mean that whatever
belongs within the traditions of Greece and Rome is intrinsically
superior to any other civilization; nor does it mean that the classical
cultures of the ancient world were themselves uninﬂuenced by (for
example) the Semitic and African cultures that were their neighbours. In
fact, part of the contemporary appeal of Classics lies in the ways that
ancient writers confronted the extraordinarily diverse cultural traditions
of their world – debated, to put it in our terms, the multi-culturalism of
their own societies. Of course, snobbery and even racism have played
their parts within Classics; but, equally, liberalism and humanism have
developed and spread under its inﬂuence.
31

Being There

of what previous generations have said, thought, and written about the

It is precisely the centrality of Classics to all forms of our cultural politics
that binds Western civilization to its heritage. When we look, for
example, at the Parthenon for the ﬁrst time, we look at it already
knowing that generations of architects chose precisely that style of
building for the museums, town-halls, and banks of most of our major
cities. When we pick up Virgil’s Aeneid for the ﬁrst time, we read it
already knowing that it is a poem that has been admired, studied, and
imitated for hundreds, indeed thousands, of years; that it is, in short, a
Classic.
On the other hand, our experience of Classics is also new each time. Our
reading of Virgil can never be anything like that of the medieval monk
or the nineteenth-century schoolboy. In part, this follows from the
different circumstances in which we read, rather like the different
circumstances of travel. A visit to Bassae in a taxi is inevitably a different

Classics

visit from one made on the back of an ill-tempered mule. In much the
same way, reading the Aeneid in a handy, pocket-sized paperback is a
quite different experience from reading it hand-copied, in a precious
leather-bound volume; and reading it in an armchair is quite different
again from reading it in class under the eye of some terrifying Victorian
schoolmaster.
But the differences lie, even more strikingly, in the different questions,
priorities, and assumptions that we bring to ancient texts and culture. No
reader in the late twentieth century can read anything – a Classic or not –
in the same way, or with the same understanding, as a reader of an earlier
generation. Feminism, for example, has drawn attention to the
complexities and importance of women within society, and recent
research into the history of sexuality has also prompted radically new
understanding of ancient literature and culture.
Many Victorians were no doubt entirely unsurprised by the
subordination of women in both Greece and Rome, by the fact that
women had no political rights in any ancient city, and by the explicit
32

claims made by many ancient writers that a woman’s role in life was to
bear children, weave wool, and avoid getting talked about. At the same
time Victorian scholars were busy ignoring (or even censoring) many of
the passages in ancient authors that spoke, much too frankly for their
tastes, about sex, between men and women, and men with boys.
Modern classicists, on the other hand, do not just lament the extreme
misogyny of the Greeks and Romans, or celebrate their overt eroticism,
but rather explore how ancient literature sustained or questioned that
misogyny, and ask what determined the ways that sex was discussed
and displayed in ancient art and texts. How, for example, are we to
understand what lies behind Virgil’s uarium et mutabile semper femina,
‘Women’, or ‘A woman, is always a kaleidoscopic and changeable
thing’? These explorations are a direct result of twentieth-century
debates on women’s rights, theories of gender, and sexual politics; and
in return Classics contributes vital historical depth to those twentiethcentury debates.

This is not a simple story of progress in the interpretation of the ancient
world. The changes in our interests no doubt involve losses as well as
gains; over the last 200 years, for example, we have presumably lost a
good deal of empathetic understanding of the horrors of ancient handto-hand ﬁghting, and hands-on experience of the terrors of travel over
uncharted seas. What matters is that those changes make a difference.
Reading Virgil is far from an identical experience across the centuries, as
we shall show in Chapter 9. No more and no less so than a visit to
Bassae.
We have told our tale of modern tourism and nineteenth-century
exploration to expose precisely this point, and to illustrate the
complexity of the continuities and discontinuities in our experience of
Classics. The single most important claim that we shall make in this
book comes directly out of these reﬂections on various visits to Bassae.
If Classics exists, as we have said, in the ‘gap’ between our world and the
33

Being There

The essential fact is that Classics is always different, as well as the same,

ancient world, then Classics is deﬁned by our experience, interests, and
debates as well as by theirs. The visit to Bassae provides a parable for
understanding how varied and complex that modern contribution
can be.

Our picture of Classics
The importance of our contribution to Classics is brought home to us in
unexpected ways. Just a few hundred metres from where we are writing
this book, in the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge, is a famous
nineteenth-century painting of Bassae (see Fig. 9). It was painted by
Edward Lear, now better known for his limericks than for the paintings
that provided his livelihood, who visited the site on a visit to Greece in
1848 – ‘the most delightful six weeks tour I ever made’. Years later, when
Lear was sick, house-bound, and short of money, a group of friends and

Classics

well-wishers clubbed together to buy the painting and present it to the
Fitzwilliam. They may have felt that it was an appropriate gift for that
museum, since a plaster cast of the Bassae frieze was already on display
there and Cockerell himself had been heavily involved with the design of
the museum building. It would, for that matter, have been an
appropriate gift for the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, itself one of
Cockerell’s major works and also displaying a cast of the Bassae frieze
on its main staircase.
The painting sums up the romantic image of Bassae: the desolation of
the landscape; the lonely temple seen through a frame of rocks and
twisted mountain trees. This is the Bassae of Cockerell, and of our
guidebooks. But there is another surprise in store.
This ‘Greek’ landscape was actually painted in England, from the English
countryside. Lear certainly made plenty of sketches when he was
touring Greece; and these presumably helped to preserve the memory
of the scenes and landscapes he had witnessed there. But his diaries
make it quite clear that all the details of the rocks and trees in this
34

9. Edward Lear’s Temple of Apollo at Bassae

picture were taken from life, using convenient specimens in the middle
England of rural Leicestershire.

classical world. Lear (and his like) quite literally constructed ‘Greece’ by
grafting on to the recollections of his travels the local scenery of his own
familiar country. But more than that, this construction helps us to
understand better the tension between expectations of Greece and the
reality of a visit. If we hope to ﬁnd a living version of Lear’s image of Bassae
when we go to the site itself, how could we not be surprised or
disappointed? For Lear’s image was never just a faithful copy of the
foreign landscape he had witnessed. Like every image of Classics, it was
all along (in part at least) an image of his own country; part of his own
culture because Classics was.

35

Being There

This is a vivid reminder of our contribution to the image of Classics and the

Chapter 4
A Guide in Hand

Travelling back in time
Tourism lies at the very heart of Classics. It is not just a matter of our
tourism to Greece, whether in the imaginary world of the travel
brochures and posters, or in the real-life world of Mediterranean
holidays. It is not even just a matter of the rediscovery of classical
Greece by Grand Tourists like Cockerell and his friends. The Greeks and
Romans were tourists too; they themselves toured the classical sites,
guidebooks in hand, braving the bandits, ﬂeeced by the locals,
searching out what they had been told was most worth seeing, hungry
for ‘atmosphere’.
One ancient guidebook still survives: the Guidebook to Greece written by
Pausanias in the second half of the second century ce. In ten books,
Pausanias guided the assiduous traveller round what he judged to be
the high-spots of Greece, on an itinerary that leads from Athens in Book
I, then round Southern Greece and back up to Delphi in the North for
Book X. In his eighth book he describes the region of Arcadia in the
Peloponnese. One of his stops in Arcadia was the temple of Apollo at
Bassae.
Taking the nearby town of Phigaleia as his starting point, he ﬁrst gives,
just as you would expect from any modern guidebook, the distance to
Bassae; next he brieﬂy describes the temple and its history.
36

    
˛ˆ 	
     ˆ  ´  ´ ˜
A ˜  
  ´  ´   
. 
ˆ  ´
    , ! " ´   #"˛ 

˛ˆ 
    ˜     ! ´  ! 
  .

On it [Mount Cotilius] is a place called Bassae, and the temple of Apollo
the Succourer, built of stone, roof and all. Of all the temples in the
Peloponnese, next to the one at Tegea, this may be placed ﬁrst for the
beauty of the stone and the symmetry of its proportions.

He goes on to explain the particular title held by the god Apollo at
Bassae: Apollo Epikourios, the ‘Succourer’ or ‘Helper’. This title was
apparently given in recognition of Apollo’s assistance to the people of
Phigaleia ‘in time of plague, just as at Athens he received the name of
Averter of Evil [‘Alexikakos’] for delivering Athens also from the plague’.

at the beginning of their agonized war against Sparta, the so-called
‘Peloponnesian War’, in the late ﬁfth century bce. Its ghastly symptoms
of fever, vomiting, and ulceration were described in detail by
Thucydides, who had himself suffered, and recovered, from the disease.
He makes the disease a political symbol of catastrophe for democratic
Athens in his stark History of the Peloponnesian War: ‘The most dreadful
feature of the whole afﬂiction was not just the loss of heart, the
moment anyone realized they had caught it – you see their minds
turned to despair in a trice, they gave themselves up for lost and put up
no resistance – but as well the way each person got infected from the
fellow he was looking after, so they died like sheep.’ The same plague is
described by the Roman poet-philosopher Lucretius, who saw in it a
powerful image of cosmic disaster befalling a human community.
Pausanias leads us to believe that the epidemic affected this region of
Southern Greece too, and that our temple was erected at that time,
presumably as a thank-offering to the god for dispelling the sickness.
37

A Guide in Hand

The plague he refers to was the famous one that afﬂicted the Athenians

The identity of the architect, he suggests, conﬁrms this link. For the
temple of Bassae was designed by Iktinos, also the architect of the
Parthenon in Athens, which was completed only shortly before the
outbreak of the plague.
Pausanias’ brief account supplies most of the potted history in our
modern guidebooks. Even when they do not mention Pausanias by
name, they offer the modern visitor much of his information: the plague
that lay behind the temple’s foundation; the link with the terrible
Peloponnesian War and with the architect of the Parthenon. And, of
course, it was Pausanias’ account (and particularly its mention of
Iktinos) that prompted Cockerell and his friends to go off in search of
what they hoped would turn out to be a second Parthenon. Cockerell
himself writes that ‘the interesting facts recorded by Pausanias . . . were
sufﬁcient reasons to assure [himself and earlier travellers] of the

Classics

importance of the investigation’.
Pausanias’ own reasons for visiting Bassae are much harder to uncover.
He does not explicitly say what took him up the long, dead-end
mountain track, just to see this sanctuary, which was no doubt just as
inaccessible in the second century ce as it was when Cockerell went
there. In the course of his visit to the main city of Arcadia (Megalopolis:
literally, ‘Big Town’) he had already seen a bronze statue of Apollo that
had been removed from the temple of Bassae and put on public display
some time earlier. Perhaps the sight of this had encouraged him to go
and ﬁnd the temple from which it had originally come. Or maybe he too
was on the trail of buildings designed by the great architect of the
Parthenon.
But in general terms his visit to Bassae, and his description of the
temple, ﬁt very closely with the priorities and interests he shows
throughout his guidebook. Pausanias was a native of a Greek city in
modern Turkey (he does not tell us exactly which). He was writing in
Greek, for a Greek-speaking audience, about the geography, history,
38

and sights of Greece. But he was also writing more than 200 years after
the Roman conquest of the Greek world. It would, therefore, be just as
correct to identify him as a Roman provincial, describing a tour around a
long-established Roman province, for a Greek-speaking audience made
up of Roman subjects or citizens. Roman conquest had meant many
things for Greece, not only political subservience to Rome. By Pausanias’
day the most noteworthy sights of the country would have included
monuments sponsored, paid for, and erected by the ruling power:
temples built with Roman money, in honour of Roman emperors;
fountains, statues, markets, bathing establishments ﬁnanced by Roman
benefactors. Pausanias mentions a few of these, in passing, most of
them recent achievements, but his focus, as at Bassae, is somewhere
completely different.
Pausanias concentrates on the monuments, the history, and the culture
historical tour of the ancient cities and sanctuaries that belonged to the
distant past before Roman rule. And the stories he recounts about the
monuments he visits are almost all stories that hark back to that same
early period of Greek history, with its traditional customs, myths,
festivals, and rituals. His account of Bassae is typical, taking the reader
back to a famous plague more than 600 years before his own day,
with not a single mention of any more recent event in the temple’s
history. Pausanias makes the Roman Greece of his own day almost
indistinguishable, and intentionally so, from the Greece of the ﬁfth
century bce.
The Guidebook to Greece, then, is more than just a practical traveller’s
handbook – a neutral survey of all there was to see, and how to get
there. Like the writer of any guidebook, ancient or modern, Pausanias
made choices about what to include, what to leave out, and how to
describe his chosen monuments. These choices inevitably add up to
more (and less) than a plain description of Greece. Pausanias offers
readers a particular vision of Greece and Greek identity, and a particular
39

A Guide in Hand

of ‘old Greece’, long before the Roman conquest. His tour is in fact a

way of experiencing Greece under Roman rule. That identity is rooted in
the past before the Romans came; and the experience of Greece that he
offers involves denying, or at least obscuring, Roman conquest. His
guidebook, in other words, is giving a lesson in how to understand
Greece. A lesson that did not depend on literally being there, or on
actually following Pausanias on a tour round the cities and sanctuaries
of Greece. Reading Pausanias could teach you a lot about Greece, even if
you never set foot in the place. It still can.
Pausanias’ account of the temple at Bassae also serves as a very
important lesson for us on how precarious our knowledge of the ancient
world is. Bassae is today one of the most famous and evocative of all
classical sites, and this temple of Apollo one of the most commonly
painted, photographed, and studied buildings in Greece. But Pausanias’
few brief sentences amount to the only reference to the temple in all of

Classics

the literature that survives from the ancient world. If by some chance
Pausanias’ Guidebook to Greece had been lost, if (for whatever reason)
medieval scribes had not chosen this particular work to copy and
preserve, we would know nothing about the temple except what the
stones and sculptures themselves might suggest, once someone
eventually stumbled upon them. We would have no clear idea, in other
words, that it was a temple dedicated to Apollo (although the presence
of Apollo and his divine sister Artemis among the ﬁgures on the frieze
might, as we shall consider in Chapter 7, be a clue). We certainly would
not have known anything about the title ‘Epikourios’, or the connection
with the plague, or the involvement of the famous architect Iktinos.

Getting through to us
Classics is full of such lucky survivals, of such near-losses. Indeed, some
of the books that are now the most widely read of all ancient literature
have been preserved by only the narrowest of margins. The poetry of
Catullus, for example, including his famous series of love poems
addressed to a woman he calls ‘Lesbia’, owes its survival to just one
40

medieval manuscript copy. Likewise, Lucretius’ poem On the Nature of
Things, which tells in Latin verse of the theories of the Greek philosopher
Epicurus (including an early version of an atomic theory of matter), is
preserved through a single copy. And still other books, of course, have
not survived at all: most of Livy’s great history of Rome, for example, is
lost, as are the majority of the tragedies of the great trio of Athenian
tragedians, Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides.
But this picture is always changing. Twenty years ago we possessed no
more than a single line (quoted in another ancient writer) of one of the
most renowned Roman poets, Cornelius Gallus, who was a younger
contemporary of Catullus and friend of Virgil, as well as later having
charge of Egypt under the emperor Augustus. But in the 1970s, in
excavations in a rubbish dump of a Roman military fort in Southern
Egypt, a small scrap of papyrus was discovered on which we can read
perhaps thrown away by one of Gallus’ own soldiers, maybe even by
Gallus himself (see Fig. 10).
Also from excavations in Egypt over the last hundred years, a complete
play of the fourth-century bce comic writer, Menander, and a good
proportion of at least four others have come to light again. Almost all
trace of his work was lost in the Middle Ages, and there are no
manuscript copies of his plays. But Menander had been one of the most
widely read Greek writers; and, because of the moral lessons to be
learned from his plays, he was part of the daily diet of every schoolchild
in the Greek-speaking world (which stretched from Greece itself to
Egypt, the coast of modern Turkey and the shores of the Black Sea). It is
precisely the remains of those ancient school texts of the playwright
that have been rescued, dramatically enough, from the waste paper reused to wrap Egyptian mummies.
Our knowledge of classical literature hangs on a very slender thread (see
Fig. 11). Part of what we know (and don’t know) can be put down to
41

A Guide in Hand

eight lines of verse that are unmistakably the work of Gallus. It was

10. From a Roman rubbish dump: papyrus scrap with verses by Cornelius
Gallus

1]
TVA

TRISTIA EQVIT[.......]. · LYCORI ·
˙˙ ˙˙ ˙
˙

[

[
2]

FATA · MIHI · CAESAR · TVM · ERVNT · MEA · DVLCIA · QVOM · TV

3]
4]
5]

POSTQVE · TVVM · REDITVM · MVLTORVM · TEMPLA · DEORVM

6
7
8
9
10
11
12

MAXIMA · ROMANAE · RS ERIT · HISTORIAE ·
˙
˙˙ ˙
˙
FIXA · LEGAM · SPOLIEIS · DEIVITIORA · TVEIS
˙
˙

]
......].....·TA˙DEM · FEC˙ERVNT .[..]MINA · MVSAE ·
OMINA · DEICERE · DIGNA · MEA
...E · P˙O˙S˙SEM · D
˙
...........]...V˙R˙ · I˙˙M · TIBI · NON · EGO · V˙SCE ·
..]........L˙˙KATO · IVDICE · TE · VEREOR
]
]...[
]
]...[
]. · TYRIA
˙
].

..[
[
–[
QVI [
˙

[

11. By a thread: our only manuscript of Tacitus’ Annals XI–XVI

archaeologists chose to excavate that particular rubbish dump at that
particular Roman fort in Egypt and so found our only example of Gallus’
verse. Likewise it may be just bad luck that some medieval monk spilled
his wine over a manuscript he was supposed to be copying, and so
obliterated all trace of the only surviving copy of a classic work. The
vulnerability of ancient writings to accident, or to malpractice, has
inspired both dark thoughts and a wealth of ﬁction. Thus Robert
Graves’s novels, I, Claudius and Claudius the God, re-create the lost
autobiography of the Roman emperor Claudius. And in The Name of the
Rose, Umberto Eco imagines a still more sinister version, where a
monk’s arson destroys his monastery library along with the only copy of
the treatise by Aristotle On Comedy.
But the pattern of survivals is not only a matter of chance. It also
depends crucially on the whole history of Classics and its changing
interests and priorities, from the ancient world itself, through the
Middle Ages, to the present day. It is not, in other words, mere luck that
so many copies of Menander’s plays have been found in Egypt. It is a
43

A Guide in Hand

pure chance. It was sheer good fortune, for example, that

direct consequence of the central place given to Menander in education
in the Greek world. Nor is it just chance that we have so large a number
of medieval manuscript copies of the Satires of the Roman poet Juvenal.
In many of these poems Juvenal wrote vividly deploring the degraded
morals of Roman society in his day (the early second century ce). They
were copied and re-copied by medieval monks because they provided
such trenchant denunciations of depravity, ideal material for the
improving sermons of the Middle Ages: ‘What street isn’t awash with
ﬁlthy puritans, eh? Are you cracking down on foul behaviour when you
are the most notorious dyke in the gang of philosopher faggots? Hairy
limbs, maybe, with stiff bristles up and down your arms, the promise of
a stoical spirit, but on that smooth anus are lanced by a grinning
surgeon your swollen piles.’ The fact that we can still read Juvenal is
directly connected to the uses of Classics in the medieval church.

Classics

Archaeology is the product of the same story. It is not just that one of
the main aims in the excavation of classical sites in Egypt has precisely
been the discovery of more, as yet unknown, ancient texts; though that
objective certainly does lie behind much of the exploration of Egyptian
sites. For a large part of the nineteenth century literature set the agenda
for archaeology, determining which sites were looked for and
excavated, and which sites became famous attractions. The cities of
Troy and Mycenae, for example, were uncovered in the nineteenth
century by Heinrich Schliemann exactly because he went looking for the
cities mentioned in the great epic poem of Homer about the ‘Trojan
War’, the Iliad, in the belief that he could ﬁnd Agamemnon’s Mycenae,
and the Troy of Priam, Hector, Paris, and Helen. As we have seen, the
exploration of Bassae was prompted by Pausanias’ connection of the
temple with the architect of the Parthenon. If Pausanias had not
survived, Cockerell and his friends would never have been tempted to
make the dangerous journey to this remote mountain ruin; and the
British government would hardly have been tempted to buy the frieze
and enshrine it in the British Museum. In many ways, the whole story we
have told so far depends on Pausanias and his survival.
44

It is striking, then, that we now doubt most of the information on the
temple of Bassae that Pausanias provides. Recent studies of the
architecture of the temple, for example, have concluded, on grounds of
style and date, that Iktinos himself may not have been involved in its
design. And some have reckoned that Pausanias’ connection of the title
of Apollo with the great plague at Athens is no more than a guess, and
very likely wrong. For a start, Thucydides explicitly states that the
plague did not affect this area of Greece. Pausanias may have been
desperately searching for any explanation for the god’s unusual title of
‘Helper’. The one he found, or was given, certainly gave Bassae a big
plug by tying its foundation to the heyday of classical Athens, and its
canonical historian.

Arguing the toss with them

the ancient texts they read as almost unchallengeable sources of
information about Greece and Rome. We, on the other hand, are ready
to accept that in some cases we know better than ancient writers about
the monuments, events, and history they described. We are ready to
challenge Pausanias on his account of Bassae, Thucydides on his views
of the causes of the disastrous Peloponnesian War, or Livy on the early
history of the city of Rome. More than that, it is an important principle
of Classics today that modern techniques of analysis can reveal more
about the ancient world than the ancients knew themselves (just as one
day, we accept, historians will reveal more about our own society than
we can now know). It is one justiﬁcation of the continuing study of
Classics that we can improve on the knowledge of Greece and Rome that
we have inherited.
Paradoxically, this gives more, not less, importance to our reading of
ancient texts. What makes classical culture for us more engaging and
challenging than any other ancient civilization is not simply to do with
45

A Guide in Hand

This is another big change between Classics in the nineteenth century
and Classics now. Cockerell and his contemporaries tended to see

the continuing appeal of its drama or the beauty of its works of art. It is
even more crucially to do with the fact that Greek and Roman writers
discussed, debated, and deﬁned their own culture, and that we can still
read the texts in which they did this. Sometimes this discussion is part
of the explicit project of their writing. So, for example, the ‘Father of
History’, Herodotus, explained to late ﬁfth-century Greek cities that
their collective victory over the Persian king’s invasion should be put
down to the variety of what they each contributed, to their differences
(in politics and culture) as much as their similarities, ﬁnding common
cause only in refusing to surrender their autonomy to the un-Greek
aliens from the East. And in the second century bce the Greek historian
Polybius, who was taken to Rome as a prisoner of war, set out to explain
how and why it was that Rome came to dominate the whole of the
Mediterranean world. But self-reﬂection of this kind runs implicitly
through much of Greek and Roman writing. When, for example, Roman

Classics

writers turn to describe the cultures of those they have conquered,
again and again we ﬁnd them engaged in the process of deﬁning
(implicitly at least) the nature of their own culture. That is to say, when
Julius Caesar attempts to describe how different the Gauls are from the
Romans, his account is also an implicit reﬂection on the character of
Rome itself.
When we read ancient texts we are inevitably engaged in a debate with
ancient writers who were themselves debating their own culture. It is
certainly appropriate to admire some ancient literature. It is inevitable
also that we should use ancient texts to recover information about the
ancient world. However unreliable we think they may be, we cannot
hope to know much about the ancient world without them. But Classics
is much more than that. It is an engagement with a culture that was
already engaged in reﬂecting on, debating, and studying both itself and
the question of what it is to be a culture. Our experience of Bassae is
embedded in a tradition of observing and thinking about that site that
stretches far back beyond its nineteenth-century ‘discovery’ into the
ancient world.
46

Part of the debate in Pausanias concerns the nature of Greek culture in
the Roman empire, and so also the relationship of Greece and Rome. We
have already discussed in Chapter 2 how Roman writers perceived their
debt to Greece, how Roman culture deﬁned itself (and has often been
deﬁned in the modern world) as parasitic on its Greek origins. It should
now be clear that that relationship is rather more complicated than it
appears at ﬁrst sight. Roman culture, in other words, may be dependent
on Greece; but at the same time much of our experience of Greece is
mediated through Rome and Roman representations of Greek culture.
Greece often comes to us through Roman eyes.
Roman visions of Greece take many forms. In the history of Greek
sculpture, for example, a large number of the most famous works, those
discussed and praised by ancient writers themselves, are preserved only
through versions or copies made by Roman sculptors. No ancient writer
frieze for that matter. It was free-standing ﬁgures, not the sculptural
decoration of temples, that were the prized objects: the ‘Discus
Thrower’ of the great ﬁfth-century sculptor Myron, the ‘Wounded
Amazon’ of his contemporary Pheidias, or the naked ‘Aphrodite’
made for the city of Cnidus by Praxiteles in the fourth century bce.
All these are known to us only as they were seen and reproduced by
the Romans.
Pausanias offers a vision of Greece which, as we have seen,
systematically obscures traces of Roman domination. What we
should not obscure is the fact that Pausanias was at the same time
an inhabitant of the Roman empire. Even in his effacement of Rome,
he is offering a Roman image of Greece, as well as, inevitably, an image
of Rome’s empire. This isolated temple on the side of a mountain in a
remote corner of Greece is part of a much larger vision of how the whole
world worked for him, as an imperial subject.
In our vision of Bassae too, respect for the individual history of this
47

A Guide in Hand

celebrated the sculptures of the Bassae frieze, or those of the Parthenon

particular temple (unique and unrepeatable) is combined with a sense
of its place in the wider history of Greece and Rome, and in our wider
experience of ancient culture. Every small part of Classics is always

Classics

written into a much bigger story.

48

Chapter 5
Beneath the Surface

What about the workers?
Pausanias’ account of the temple at Bassae prompts us to ask what it is
that we want to know about the classical world. In the eyes of many
modern archaeologists, Pausanias stumbled blindly on his journeys
around Greece. Not merely responsible for a good deal of
misinformation on the sites that he chose to visit, he was also drastically
limited in what he was prepared to see. His vision of the Greek world
consists essentially of the great towns, with a few rural religious sites
(such as Bassae) thrown in. What of Greece outside the urban centres?
What of the countryside, where most of the ancient population would
have lived? What of the rural markets, the farms that produced the food
to support life in the cities, the peasants that worked them? Pausanias
has almost nothing to tell about these.
Nor has he much to tell about that ‘other’ history of the sites he does
include: the history of the people who built them, the funds that paid
for them, the men and women who used and cared for them. It is,
perhaps, in the nature of his project that details of this kind are left out.
After all, which modern guidebooks devote much time to the
quarrymen and labourers who made possible the buildings they so
admiringly describe? None the less, for us, more than a moment’s
thought about this isolated temple in the hills inevitably raises
questions about how it was constructed and what possible purpose it
49

served. Who took the trouble to build it in this out-of-the-way place?
How did they build it? What was it for ?
Most modern explorers of the site, from Cockerell and his friends
onwards, have wondered about the techniques that the ancient
craftsmen employed to raise the precarious rows of columns so nice and
straight, and keep the walls exactly aligned. How on earth was this done
with only the limited tools and equipment available in the ﬁfth century
bce? In Cockerell’s own description of the temple, he provides elaborate
drawings to explain the precise construction of its columns and roof, as
well as a long ﬁnal section giving an expert account of the intricate
system of mathematical proportions that must have been used in
planning the building.
The accounts by the German members of the same party also include

Classics

details of rough traces of letters they found inscribed on some of the
masonry blocks, presumably to remind the labourers where exactly in
the building these blocks were to be placed (see Fig. 12). Recently
archaeologists have studied these marks again, looking carefully at the
exact form of the letters. The writing of ancient Greek letters was much

12. Greek letters left by the builders of the temple at Bassae
50

less standardized than our own, and varies quite markedly according
to geographical region. The letters on these blocks are unlike those
normally used in the area around Bassae and have much more in
common with the letters used by the Athenians. This is a clear indication
that at least the skilled craftsmen involved in this building project came
not from Arcadia itself, which was thought of as a pretty backward
region even in the ﬁfth century, but maybe from Athens (with Iktinos
the architect?). A glimpse of the history of construction and of the
people involved comes from such tiny details.
The nineteenth-century explorers cannot have been unaware of other
aspects of the labour required to build the temple. When they arranged
the slow, mule-back journey of the twenty-three slabs of the frieze
down from the mountains to the sea, they must have begun to wonder
about the difﬁculty of bringing all that material, and much more, up to
formed the main walls was quarried nearby, it would still have needed
men, animals, and organization actually to bring it on site. The more
expensive marble, used for the frieze and other sculpture, would have
come from much further aﬁeld, with all the extra cost and labour that
involved.
In fact, neither Cockerell nor any other members of his party lay much
stress on the problems of supply and transportation, even though they
themselves must have been acutely aware of them. Modern
archaeologists and historians, by contrast, have seen such issues as
absolutely central, not just for the story of Bassae, but for all classical
history and culture. Transportation of almost anything from one place
to another in ancient Greece and Rome was expensive enough to make
you think twice, and transportation by land was almost prohibitively
expensive. It has been estimated, for example, that it would have cost as
much to cart a load of grain 75 miles overland as to take it the whole
length of the Mediterranean by ship. How was the transportation of
these huge weights of building materials arranged? And who paid?
51

Beneath the Surface

the site in the ﬁrst place. Even though the cheaper local limestone that

Likewise, how were the materials acquired? How were they mined or
quarried, when there were no machine tools?

What price freedom?
These questions all direct us to consider slavery. Although there are
different views about the sources of the wealth that underpinned
classical culture, part of the answer to every question of ancient supply
and labour lies in the presence of vast numbers of slaves. Greece and
Rome were notorious slave-owning societies. Perhaps the most
notorious there have ever been. The privileged life of the citizen in the
ancient world depended on the muscle of these human chattels,
entirely without civic rights, and deﬁned as no more than a source of
labour: ‘a machine with a voice’ (as the ﬁrst-century bce polymath
Varro put it). Numbers no doubt varied over time, and from city to city.

Classics

On the best estimate, in ﬁfth-century bce Athens slaves formed about
40 per cent (roughly 100,000) of the total population, and in ﬁrstcentury bce Italy their numbers reached almost 3 million. There can be
no explanation for anything in the classical world, from mining to
philosophy, from building to poetry, that does not take account of the
presence of slaves.
Slavery is everywhere and obvious in Greece and Rome, and at the same
time it can be difﬁcult to see, a blind-spot both for us and for the people
in the ancient world who were not slaves. Some of its traces are all too
clear: the slave collars found in excavations all over the ancient world,
bearing messages like a modern dog collar: ‘If found, please return
to . . . ’ (see Fig. 13); the chains and manacles discovered on farms in
Roman Italy; the little ﬁgures depicted on Greek pots with their
distinctive shaven heads, busy serving wine to their leisured citizen
masters. It is obvious too in the assumptions that pervade Greek and
Roman literature. Roman writers, for example, often refer in passing to
the legal rule that prevented slaves from giving evidence in court unless
they did so under torture. It is not just that they could be tortured; their
52

13. Roman slave-collar found around the neck of a skeleton – with the
message: ‘If captured return me to Apronianus, minister in the imperial
palace, at the Golden Napkin on the Aventine, for I am a runaway slave’.
(Here you can see just the address: . . . AD MAPPA AUREA IN ABENTIN . . .)

evidence was only valid if they were. To the best of our knowledge, no
Roman ever found anything the slightest bit odd in this.
But slavery can also be much harder to pin down than these examples
might suggest. The traces of slavery are not always so easy to identify. If
how can we actually know whose hand inscribed them? It certainly
could have been a slave hand, the slave foreman of a slave gang brought
in (from where?) for the great building operation. But it could equally
well be the hand of a free craftsman, part of a skilled citizen labour
force, using a slave gang for the rough work. There is simply no way of
telling the status of those at work here.
Slavery was not a single, ﬁxed category. Slaves of many different types
came from many different sources: war captives, debtor peasants,
home-bred children of slave mothers, educated teachers, illiterate
labourers, and many more. And they were not necessarily slaves for
life. There were routes out of, as well as into, slavery. Millions of slaves,
in Rome especially, were granted their freedom after some period
of slave service. Millions of free Roman citizens were the direct
descendants of slaves. The Roman poet Horace, for example, whom
we have already seen reﬂecting on Rome’s debt to Greece, tells us
from his own experience what it was like to be the son of a freed
slave made good.
53

Beneath the Surface

we think back to the masons’ marks on the building blocks at Bassae,

A small piece of bronze found at another sanctuary near Bassae captures
very neatly this problem of slave visibility. Inscribed on the metal is the
record of the freeing of three slaves by their master Klenis, who imposes
a ﬁne (to be paid to the god ‘Apollo of Bassae’ and two other local
deities) on anyone who ‘lays a hand on them’ – that is, on anyone who
fails to respect their new status. On the one hand, it is striking that even
here, on the remote mountainside, we ﬁnd direct evidence of the
presence of slaves. Even the god Apollo in this lonely temple is
implicated in the system of slavery. On the other hand, this document
brings these slaves to public notice and to our attention only when they
cease to be slaves. Their life as slaves is entirely invisible to us. We know
of them only through the moment when they enter freedom.
How we should judge the system of slavery has long been one of the
central questions of Classics. What difference does it make to our

Classics

understanding of the classical world? How does it affect our admiration
of (say) Athenian democracy to recognize it as a slave-owning
democracy, and to see that it could not have been a democracy if it had
not amassed a spectacular number of slaves? How far should we
deplore this, or any of the other forms of cruel brutality practised in the
classical world? Was it worse to be an Athenian slave or to be an
Athenian woman? Is it fair to judge the Greeks and Romans by our own
contemporary moral standards? Or is it impossible not to?

What do you mean – the quality of life?
Classics is concerned with exposing the complexities of such
judgements, as well as the complexities of ancient social, economic, and
political life, of which slavery was a part. It is only a ﬁrst step to be able
to say that (whoever actually inscribed the masons’ marks) the building
of the temple at Bassae must have involved a large number of slaves, in
quarrying, carting, and carrying, at the very least. It is only a ﬁrst step,
that is, to identify this famous monument of classical culture as a
product of slavery. We also need to think more broadly about all the
54

various conditions that made the building of Bassae possible, the kind of
wealth that ﬁnanced it, the nature of the whole society (from slaves
through peasants to aristocrats) that supported it and surrounded it.
Questions of this kind are high on the agenda of modern classical
archaeology. Most archaeologists are no longer concerned with the
discovery and excavation of famous classical monuments, and the
treasures of ancient art that they might contain. They no longer search
for the buildings of Iktinos or the sculptures of Pheidias. Their attention
has shifted instead to the ‘underside’ of classical culture, to the life of
the peasant farmers in the countryside, the general patterns of human
settlement in the landscape (the small villages, the isolated farmsteads,
the rural markets), the crops that were cultivated, the animals that were
kept, and the food that was consumed.

excavated and in the ﬁnds that are preserved and analysed.
Archaeologists are now more likely to explore farms than temples. And
the kind of material that used simply to be thrown away on to the dig
refuse-heap is now the prize object of study. Microscopic analysis of
what passed through the guts of humans or animals, and into the waste
pit, can provide all sorts of information about the diet of the inhabitants
and the range of crops they grew. Fragments of bone, too, can tell us
not just what animals were reared, but also the age at which different
types of animal were slaughtered. All this helps us to ﬁll out a bigger
picture of local agriculture; to make deductions, not just about what
foodstuffs were consumed, but about what must have been imported
from outside, and to measure how far trade and its proﬁts might have
been an important element in the region’s economy.
The Roman city of Pompeii provides a striking instance of a change of
priorities in the excavation of a single site. A hundred years ago
archaeologists concentrated on uncovering the rich houses of the city,
hoping particularly to discover the painting and sculpture that once
55

Beneath the Surface

This change of focus has led to a change in the kind of sites that are

decorated them. More recently they have turned their attention to the
apparently open spaces of the city as well – to its gardens, market
gardens, and orchards. By pouring plaster into the cavities left in the
volcanic lava by the roots of the trees and plants, they have been able to
identify the various species grown. This gives us, for the ﬁrst time, a
clear idea of the appearance of a Roman garden, and of the kinds of fruit
and vegetables grown in the average Roman backyard.
Some of the questions that archaeologists now pose even lead them to
giving up digging entirely. Broad questions about how whole tracts of
land were used in the ancient world, or the pattern of settlement in a
region, are answered not from excavation but from systematic survey of
the modern countryside. Surveys look for any traces of ancient
occupation still visible above ground, whether fragments of ancient
pottery or coins lying on the surface, or standing ruins like Bassae. Field

Classics

survey normally involves teams of archaeologists walking over a deﬁned
area, in lines a few metres apart from one another, and carefully
plotting on a map everything they ﬁnd. This method has had great
success in revealing the density of ancient settlement in different sites
and areas, in documenting change in land use, as well as in discovering
literally hundreds of unknown rural sites. So much so that some leading
archaeologists now think that, on balance, it would be best to abandon
the spade altogether in favour of survey (see Fig. 14).
Field survey can answer questions about famous classical monuments
as well as reveal hidden aspects of life in the classical countryside. In the
case of Bassae, a survey of the surrounding area has suggested one
answer to the puzzling question of what this temple, miles outside the
nearest town, might actually have been for.
This study has shown that the isolated sanctuary of Bassae is typical of
this part of Arcadia, where there are a number of sacred sites apparently
situated in the middle of nowhere, at the very edge of the territory
controlled by the local town. This was a region where most of the
56

population lived scattered through the countryside, dependent for their
livelihood on rearing goats and sheep, and on hunting. The suggestion
is, ﬁrst, that this kind of location was absolutely appropriate for a
sanctuary serving a largely rural community; and secondly, that its
position on the very edge of the territory of the nearest town, Phigaleia,
was crucial in rituals that united the urban political and administrative
centre with the outlying territory and its scattered population. For it
seems likely that ritual processions, which included leading members of
the local community, set out from Phigaleia for the distant sanctuary at
Bassae, acting out, afﬁrming, and strengthening the union of the city
with its territory by walking over the ground.
Although we may seem to have moved a long way from the interests of
Pausanias, this suggestion about the function of the temple at Bassae
owes a great deal to him. For it is in his description of Phigaleia that we
learn of the existence of these ritual processions, setting out into the
countryside from a particular temple in the town. He does not explicitly
57

Beneath the Surface

14. The distribution map has become an indispensable tool in archaeology
and ﬁeld survey. This example shows the pattern of urban sites across the
Roman Empire.

mention Bassae as a destination of these processions. But it seems
almost certain that they would have gone there. Nor does he describe
the Phigaleian processions in any detail. But in his account of another
town in Southern Greece, he writes of what must have been a very
similar ritual – headed by the priests and local magistrates, followed by
men, women, and children leading a cow up to their mountain temple
for sacriﬁce.
In other respects, too, Pausanias’ Guidebook still lies behind many of the
projects of modern archaeology and ﬁeld survey. One of the themes in
his account of Greece is a lament for the once-glorious cities that he
visited, now barely deserving the title ‘city’, partly in ruins, and
inhabited by just a tiny remaining population camped out in decaying
buildings. This image of decline, of Greece’s fall from its past prosperity,
was another aspect of Pausanias’ construction of an ideal Greece, back

Classics

in its ancient heyday, hundreds of years before his own time. But it has
also provided an important stimulus to modern archaeologists.
Recent surveys have explicitly tried to investigate Pausanias’ claims of
depopulation and to see how the patterns of settlement changed in
Greece under Roman rule. These surveys paint a picture that partly
conﬁrms Pausanias’ account, but at the same time they suggest a
different way of looking at the whole problem. We now believe that it
was not a simple matter of depopulation and decline. One of the effects
of Roman rule, it seems, was rather to concentrate population in bigger
urban centres, so producing the abandonment of some of the sites that
Pausanias observed.
Classics offers a great variety of approaches, new and old, to
understanding the classical past. Modern archaeology regularly draws
on the newest techniques of scientiﬁc analysis, and on the newest
theories of economic and social change. But it is the combination of
these new skills with the long-known evidence of ancient writers like
Pausanias that almost always makes the most impact. New methods of
58

study do not only produce new information; they prompt us to see new
signiﬁcance in information recorded by writers like Pausanias, whose
works may have been known, but overlooked or misunderstood, for
centuries. Classics may involve sitting in a library reading Pausanias’
Guidebook or searching through the remains of some ancient dungheap. Or rather, in Classics these activities are seen as integral parts of
the same enterprise.

Beneath the Surface

59

Chapter 6
Grand Theories

Scholars and cribs
Pausanias’ description of Bassae survived for us to read, as we have
seen, through the efforts of successive generations of scribes and
copyists working in an unbroken line across the millennia. Since the
Renaissance, scholars have continued the work of editing and
publishing classical texts. Modern books and libraries make it unlikely
that any of the Greek and Roman writing that we now possess will ever
be lost again. But even so the international effort continues to make
available the most authentic texts of classical literature. Texts, that is to
say, as close as possible to what was actually written 2,000 years ago.
Classical scholars travel all over Europe to track down and compare
manuscripts. They scrutinize past editions and produce new ones of
their own. This may involve them in the ticklish business of identifying
errors made by careless copyists, that have then been reproduced in
later editions; and of suggesting how those errors might be corrected to
give a more accurate version of the text. Sometimes, even by the
change of just a letter or two, a modern editor will present any reader
who comes to consult the work with a very different idea of some
fundamental aspect, or crucial detail, of the classical world.
How accurately, for example, the Romans understood the geography of
the province of Britain is an important question not only for our
60

evaluation of ancient science and techniques of mapping, but also in
discussions of Roman imperialism. How much, that is, do we imagine
that the Romans really knew about their conquered territories? The
answer to this partly depends on whether you believe that the Roman
historian Tacitus compared the shape of the island to a ‘diamond’,
scutula, in Latin (as all the manuscripts, and most old editions, have it),
or to a ‘shoulder-blade’, scapula (as an editor of the text, writing in
1967, thought would be better).
You can see why the business of producing editions of Greek and Roman
authors has traditionally carried great prestige among professional
scholars. It carries risks too; for the vast majority of attempts to produce
a ‘better’ text are destined to win only temporary approval and are
quickly forgotten. All the same, there is no alternative to taking the risk
and trying, at least, to reach as accurate a view as possible of what
still very disputed (whether because the language itself is particularly
difﬁcult or the manuscript tradition unreliable), every single scholar
who comes to study the work is inevitably involved in debates about
exactly what was originally written. This is the case with some of the
most famous literature to survive from the ancient world, such as the
tragedies of the Athenian dramatist Aeschylus, whose texts must attract
a host of suggested improvements and confessions of bafﬂement (see
Fig. 15).
In other cases there is very little doubt that the Greek and Latin we are
reading says just the same as it did when it left the writer’s hand. In the
poetry of Virgil and Horace, for example, carefully preserved and
revered classics from the time they were written to the present day,
there is not much call to improve the text. Inevitably, though, classical
editors cannot but be involved in explaining the language and content of
the works they study. This explanation regularly takes the form of what
is called a commentary, line-by-line notes on the text, which attempt to
anticipate and answer the questions that readers are likely to raise.
61

Grand Theories

ancient authors wrote. In fact, most obviously in works where the text is

15. The critical apparatus is an indispensable tool in editing classical texts.
This example shows variant readings in surviving manuscripts, and editors’
attempts to re-write a page from a tragedy by Aeschylus. All explanations
are given in Latin.

Commentaries must have many different types of reader in view, with

Classics

very different levels of expertise. Many provide material for people to
learn the Greek and Latin languages, and are careful to keep an eye out
to help those who have already learned the basics to cope with
difﬁculties in the language, as well as explaining the background in
classical culture needed to understand what the ancient author wrote.
This is not a new situation. Classical scholars have always been writing
for an audience that, in the main, knows no Greek or Latin. It has
always been the case that Greekless and Latinless readers have needed,
wanted, and demanded to be helped to ﬁnd out what classical writers
say, what they mean, and what that means to us. And so for centuries
translations of ancient authors (often produced by the same scholars
who edited the texts and wrote the commentaries) have played a
major part in delivering the ancient world, and Classics, to the modern
reader.
Some modern readers have nevertheless felt excluded from access to
classical culture, precisely because they have no access to the original
languages written and spoken in the ancient world. But others have
62

been happy to use translations, and to get on with the business of
becoming ‘classicists’ in their own language. We have already
mentioned in Chapter 2 that Keats, one of the most classical (in every
sense of the word) English poets, knew no Greek. Shakespeare too, to
take another famous example, was near enough Greekless (‘little Latine,
and lesse Greek’). Not that he neglected classical writers. He was wellversed in the works of the Greek biographer Plutarch, who in the second
century ce wrote a series of Lives of famous Greeks and Romans. In fact,
Plutarch’s Life of Julius Caesar was an important source for Shakespeare’s
Julius Caesar, the play in which the memorable phrase ‘it was [all] Greek
to me’ was coined. But he read his Plutarch entirely in the English of
North’s translation.

It makes you think
enormously, like every other aspect of Classics. As Classics has been
differently understood, and the modern world has deﬁned its relations
to the classical world differently, so commentaries written (say) at the
end of the twentieth century are often concerned to direct their readers
to quite different issues from those written in the 1800s. Most striking of
all is the range of what has been deemed to count as Classics, and how
boundaries between Classics and other disciplines have been deﬁned
and re-deﬁned. Over the centuries questions brought to Classics and to
classical texts have included (and still do) most of the core issues in
subjects that we commonly think of as far removed from the study of
Greece and Rome, but which arose directly out of work on the ancient
world and its literature.
Greek philosophy, for example, and particularly the work of Plato and
Aristotle, generated debates not only in what is now thought of as
philosophy, but also in politics, economics, biology, and beyond. The
theories of Karl Marx developed from his own training in the philosophy
and history of Greece and Rome. Marx’s doctoral dissertation, in fact,
63

Grand Theories

Over the centuries classical texts and commentaries have changed

was a comparison of the systems of two Greek philosopher-scientists,
Democritus and Epicurus, both early exponents of an atomic theory of
matter. And modern anthropology, particularly through its grand
theories of world culture, has a specially intimate connection with ideas
produced by a series of classical scholars from the late nineteenth
century on. It is this connection between Classics and anthropology that
brings us, in an unexpected way, back to Pausanias and his Guidebook to
Greece.

Where it all started
The translation we gave of Pausanias’ account of Bassae in Chapter 4
was that of Sir James Frazer, founding father of modern anthropology, as
well as the editor, commentator, and translator of the Guidebook to
Greece, whose monumental six-volume edition was delivered to the

Classics

world in 1898. Frazer had paid a series of visits to Greece in the early
1890s to research his Pausanias; and he includes in his commentary a
number of lyrical passages enthusing in high Victorian style on
particular landscapes, ﬂora, and pathways, ﬂooding the routes taken by
Pausanias with his own emotionally intense style of graphic description.
He even complains slightly of Pausanias’ lack of interest in the scenery
of the natural world: ‘If he [that is, Pausanias] looks up at the
mountains, it is not to mark the snowy peaks glistering in the sunlight
against the blue, or the sombre pine-forests that fringe their crests, it is
to tell you that Zeus or Apollo or the Sun-God is worshipped on their
tops . . .’ It was in the context of this project that he paid his visit to
Bassae in 1890. He carefully inspected the site and took drawings and
measurements which he later transferred to his commentary on that
section of Pausanias’ text.
To embark on a major edition of Pausanias was not an obvious choice for
a scholar in the late nineteenth century. The Guidebook may have been
an essential tool for early archaeologists, searching out the ancient sites
of Greece. But it has never been admired for its literary quality, nor read
64

in school or college as a central text of Classics. This is partly because it is
a Greek work from the Roman empire, and as such has always been
eclipsed both by Greek from the so-called ‘classical’ period of Athenian
civilization (in the ﬁfth and fourth centuries bce) and by Latin of its
‘classical’ period, from the ﬁrst century bce to the zenith of the Roman
Empire in the second century ce. It is only in much more recent times
that the enormous quantity of Greek writing from the time of Pausanias
on through the collapse of Rome to the rise of the Greek-speaking
Byzantine empire centred on Constantinople (Istanbul) has held the
attention of classical scholars, along with the welter of Latin texts,
pagan and Christian, from the Later Roman Empire.
There are other factors too in the relative neglect of Pausanias outside
archaeological circles. The Guidebook is written in unassuming note
form, by a writer who is otherwise completely unknown and whose
Pausanias’ careful accumulation of detailed information from site to site
around the Greek mainland does not obviously engage its readers with
powerful or impressive analysis on a grand scale.
But Frazer himself had particular reasons for engaging with Pausanias.
What attracted him to the Guidebook was precisely the intricate detail in
which Pausanias described not only the religious sites, public rituals,
and myths of the Greek world, but also (in Frazer’s words) ‘the quaint
customs, observances and superstitions of all sorts’. For at the time he
started serious research on Pausanias, Frazer had just completed the
ﬁrst edition of the vast project for which he is most widely known: The
Golden Bough. This was a work which gathered together ‘quaint
customs and superstitions’ from all over the world and throughout
history – and purported to explain them all, in one of the ﬁrst and
grandest of all anthropological theories that there have ever been. It
was a project that grew and grew over Frazer’s lifetime, from the
modest two-volume edition of 1890 to the monumental third edition in
twelve volumes that appeared between 1910 and 1915.
65

Grand Theories

work sheds no direct light on the more central classical texts. Besides,

The Golden Bough, in all its different editions, opens with a classical
problem. The puzzle that Frazer set out to explain is the strange rule
that governed the priest of the goddess Diana at her sanctuary at Nemi,
in the hills south of Rome. According to Roman writers, this priest, who
was known by the title ‘King’, won his priestly ofﬁce by ﬁrst cutting off a
branch from a particular tree in the sanctuary and then killing the
previous holder of the priesthood. Each priest of Diana then lived in fear
of his life, as challengers for the priesthood in turn plotted his murder.
Whenever this custom started, it was still going on in the ﬁrst century
ce, when an ironic story tells how the Roman emperor Caligula set up a
contender to go and challenge the current priest, who had held the fatal
‘Kingship’ too long.
Frazer’s basic move was to graft this strange custom on to an episode in
the middle of Virgil’s Aeneid. He identiﬁed the branch seized by the

Classics

challenger for the priesthood with the mythical ‘golden bough’ which
allowed Virgil’s hero, Aeneas, to descend safely to the world of the
dead, before returning again to his mission of founding Rome. If destiny
beckons Aeneas, he is told, ipse uolens facilisque sequetur – ‘The bough
will come willingly and be easily plucked.’ In support of this
identiﬁcation Frazer accumulated ‘evidence’ from any source, any place,
any time (from Norse legends to the customs of the Australian
aborigines, from Greek mythology to English corn-dollies). And as he
continued, through successive editions, to add notes to his notes to his
notes, he came to include references to just about the entire antiquarian
and religious heritage of the whole planet, ﬁlled out by Frazer’s own
immensely wide reading and by contributions sent to him by legions of
correspondents scattered across the globe, all contributing their own
observations of corroborative material.
Frazer derived ambitious theories from all this data: theories of sacriﬁce,
of the death and rebirth of kings (hence the importance of the title
‘King’ for the priest at Nemi), and of the whole intellectual development
of mankind, from a primitive faith in magic, through religion, to the
66

growth of modern science. In time, this central framework of his
arguments entirely gave way, but the immense machine of ‘knowledge’
he had assembled did not collapse. As we saw was the case with
Pausanias, disbelief in Frazer’s information did not disable his project. In
The Golden Bough he offered his readers access to universal ‘knowledge’
and the power that went with it, starting from the ancient world itself.
That great book (which, though ‘disbelieved’, still sells thousands of
copies in the single-volume edition each year) provides a model of the
systematizing power of civilized reason. This was Frazer’s great universal
crusade. And it grew directly out of his labours on his classical editions,
of which the Pausanias has proved most indispensable and, many would
say, has lasted best.
It was inevitable that Frazer’s project for understanding the history of
human culture should have been rooted in classical scholarship and in
Europe these were the common property of the educated, and the
material which called loudest of all for explanation. Today, when the
methods of Frazer have long been discarded, the challenge remains
central to Classics: how do we propose to think of ‘Greek mythology’?
Why has this repertoire of stories held such a powerful grip over so
many artists and writers?

At the bottom of it – myth, religion, reason, man
The Greek myths are still one of the most common ways that Classics
ﬁrst comes to our notice, attracting us to ﬁnd out more. These stories
are recounted throughout ancient literature, not just in Greek tragedy
or the epic poems of Homer (the Iliad, and the adventures of the rascalhero Odysseus on his long return to his home and his faithful wife
Penelope), but also in the versions of these myths given by Roman
writers. The Latin poet Ovid, for example, a contemporary of Virgil and
Horace, wove together in his Metamorphoses a huge collection of all the
myths of transformation. These were tales of ‘changes of form’ from the
67

Grand Theories

the body of myths celebrated in classical texts and works of art. Across

beginning of the cosmos up to his own day: the stories of Daphne
changed into a laurel tree, as she ﬂed the advances of the god Apollo; of
Midas’ golden touch; of Julius Caesar transformed into a god at his
death; and many more. Other myths he recounted in his Fasti, a long
poem on the Roman calendar and its various religious festivals, which
Frazer himself edited and translated in yet another monumental multivolume work.
Over the last hundred years much theorizing has gone into accounting
for these myths. Sigmund Freud, for example, simultaneously explored
the roots of Greek mythology and the working of the human psyche
when he pondered stories such as the incest of Oedipus with his mother
after killing his father (so giving us the ‘Oedipus complex’); or the selfinfatuation of Narcissus, who fell in love with his own image as reﬂected
in a pool of water (so giving us ‘narcissism’) – an unforgettable episode

Classics

in Ovid’s poem. The meanings found in these stories, their different
versions and interpretations, proliferate, the spurious along with the
inspired. This ‘snowballing’ phenomenon has prompted those who
study classical Greece and Rome to rethink, again and again, not just
what the myths once meant, but also how that differs from (and is
deepened by) their later interpretations. What difference, for example,
does Freud’s Oedipus make to our reading of Sophocles’ play Oedipus
the King? Must we now inevitably read Sophocles in the light of Freud?
For Frazer and his generation, however, there were other issues on the
agenda of their study of Greek mythology and culture, particularly the
issue of religion. In Frazer’s formative years in the late nineteenth
century Classics was studied in the framework of institutions that were
more or less resolutely Christian. Universities were tiny and largely
reserved for lords and ordinands; most of the dons were also clerics. Yet
the glory of Greece and the grandeur of Rome were almost entirely
pagan achievements. For all the dominance of the church in its
teaching, Classics could offer a way of understanding the world that
stood apart from Christianity. More than that, the authority of pagan
68

Classics could be used to legitimate a whole range of radical approaches
at variance with the ofﬁcial Christian establishment.
The religious experience of the ancient world was avidly studied, from
the myths of the gods and goddesses to the ritual of public animal
sacriﬁce and the vast range of strange local rites and lore. The Utopian
worlds dreamed up by the fourth-century bce philosopher Plato, and
described particularly in his Republic and Laws, encouraged radical
thinkers to institute and foster a purely secular educational philosophy.
Life-values and choices forbidden by Christianity found support and
political leverage in the practices and discussions of the Greeks and
Romans. So, for example, Plato’s discussion of the nature of love and
desire, the Symposium, was used to justify certain forms of male
homosexuality: Plato not only took for granted sexual relationships
between men and boys, but (like other aristocratic contemporaries)

All manner of eccentricities, from universal suffrage and democracy, to
vegetarianism, pantheism, free love, eugenics, and genocide, found
themselves precedents and authorities in Classics. It is a striking paradox
that a late nineteenth-century guru and classicist such as Friedrich
Nietzsche could rhapsodize weirdly about the cosmos being held in
tension between ‘Apollonian’ control and ‘Dionysiac’ release, on the
basis of the very same texts that students of Classics studied for the
clarity of their syntax and their supposedly elevating moral earnestness.
In this world, a visit to the temple of Apollo Epikourios in the mountains
of Arcadia might promise everyone their own chosen ﬂavour of
excitement, while Pausanias (with his modern ‘aide’ Frazer) acted as
guide to the primitive, alien world before Christ. It was in the interests
of many people, of course, that large parts of this pagan culture should
be safely reclaimed for ‘civilization’. The cost might be the reinterpreting, bowdlerizing, or, in the last resort, censoring of those
aspects of classical literature that did not ﬁt with Victorian images of a
69

Grand Theories

portrayed them as the highest and noblest form of sexual desire.

civilized culture. Thus, the notions of ‘platonic love’ and ‘platonic
relationships’ derive from readings of Plato’s works which nobody today
could support; the adjective is the precipitate of a history of
interpretation of Platonic philosophy. And the terrifying crimes and
suffering displayed in Greek tragedy were determinedly taken as stern
moral parables, while texts of the Athenian comic dramatist
Aristophanes, prepared for use in schools and universities, regularly
omitted the more explicitly sexual jokes and obscenities that are his
stock in trade. Pagans could even be made Christians before their time.
It was not only Dante who found Virgil an honorary place in
Christendom, on the grounds that he was a ‘soul naturally Christian’.
Many nineteenth-century scholars continued to interpret one of his
early poems, written more than a generation before Christ, as
‘Messianic’, prophesying the birth of Christ. All the same, a Frazer could
always hope to ﬁnd, lurking on the margins of the classical world, the

Classics

‘relics’ and ‘vestiges’ of wild savagery and strangeness.
Frazer’s exposition of the dry and largely non-sensationalized
travelogue of Pausanias generated a vastly horrifying-cum-alluring
account of the human animal close to its ‘origins’, before the repression
of the uncivilized ‘beast’ by ‘culture’. If Pausanias was nostalgic for the
heyday of ﬁfth-century bce Athens, Frazer was, for his part, travelling
back through time to ﬁnd the natural condition of humankind, for him
much the same in early Greece as in the nineteenth-century colonial
backwaters still occupied by ‘savages’. The story may have concluded in
the triumph of modern, Christian, European reason. But for many the
thrill of using that reason to forage back beneath the surface of classical
civilization was itself the attraction. Putting erotically volatile and
grotesquely violent tales from Greek mythology together with notices
of odd or enigmatic cultic practices peeking out from the nooks and
crannies of Pausanias’ Greece, could license a riot of the imagination. It
still does.
Whatever the spirit of enquiry, to investigate a single sentence from a
70

classical text involves contact with a host of earlier investigations. The
grandest over-arching theory of the totality of existence and the most
pedantic expenditure of energy on the precise analysis of mistaken
words in untrustworthy manuscripts meet up, somewhere, in the story
of Classics.

Grand Theories

71

Chapter 7
The Art of Reconstruction

The masterplan
Pausanias’ account of Bassae concentrates, as we have seen, on the title
given there to the god Apollo: Epikourios, ‘the Helper’. He already
promises an explanation of this title at his ﬁrst reference to the
sanctuary – when he is recommending the sight of ‘a four metres tall
bronze statue brought [from Bassae] to adorn Megalopolis’, that main
town of Arcadia. When his tour reaches the spot, the Guidebook does
indeed dwell almost exclusively on the reasons for Apollo’s epithet.
Although Pausanias insists in the very next paragraph that his account is
the ﬁrst-hand record of a visit, very little in it is drawn from observation.
He tells us quickly that the temple is made of stone, roof and all, and
that it ranks second of all temples in the Peloponnese for its beauty and
symmetry. But there is precisely nothing about the inside of the temple,
except that the statue of the god he saw in Megalopolis is no longer
there. Nor does he so much as mention any of the decoration on the
outside, whether sculpture or painting, despite the overall star billing he
gives the building.
Modern accounts of the site have their own priorities. The salvaging of
the frieze, virtually complete, and the almost total loss of the rest of the
temple’s sculpture have inevitably focused most attention on the frieze.
But there is no consensus on what kind of attention it deserves.
Pausanias’ concerns, the speciﬁcally ‘religious’ history of the site and
72

the ‘artistic’ appraisal of its adornment, still ﬁgure among our range of
interests. But we are also concerned with what Pausanias himself may
have taken for granted, or even considered beneath him to mention – in
particular, the role of the temple in the lives of the local community,
and what visitors saw in the mythic images carved on its stone. Just as
Pausanias cannot be taken simply to represent a ‘typical’ ancient
reaction, however, we should not pretend that any single modern view,
even ours, can speak for all.
Greek and Roman temples are an emphatically conservative form of
building. The basic layout is easily recognizable and found everywhere
throughout the classical world from Spain to Syria: a rectangular stone
platform, carrying columns spaced around a central chamber, often
divided in two, front separated from back, beneath a solid roof. (For the
carried sculptural decoration. Above the columns at each end there was
often a series of carved marble panels, and in the gables of the roof to
front and rear a composition of sculpted ﬁgures was ﬁtted, sometimes
awkwardly, sometimes expertly, into the triangular shape formed by
the slope of the eaves. Inside the main chamber, pride of place was held
by the statue of the temple’s god, normally facing the main doorway;

16. Ground plan of the Bassae temple, with 1: Statue of Apollo; 2: Column
with Corinthian capital
73

The Art of Reconstruction

plan of Bassae, see Fig. 16.) Particular parts of these temples regularly

but other sculpture too may have led up to this focal image, helping to
declare the temple ﬁt to house the divinity.
Much of this decoration was brightly coloured. The sculptures we now
admire for their often sparkling white marble were originally painted in
gaudy reds, blues, and greens. This is one of the hardest aspects of the
original appearance of an ancient temple for us now to come to terms
with – partly because it so violently conﬂicts with our image of classical
perfection, or with the romantic vision of a pure white temple perched
on the barren mountain shoulder. Archaeologists disagree about quite
how much of any temple’s sculpture was covered in paint. Analyses of
surviving traces of colour are not yet conclusive. Some think that it
would mostly have been added to important details, highlighted to
bring them to the attention of the viewer, or just a gentle wash of colour
laid over the background of a frieze to make the ﬁgures themselves

Classics

stand out. Others suggest more boldly that bright paint was applied all
over the marble, which would lessen the impact of the detail of the
delicate carving and modelling that we nowadays tend to prize. Some
degree of colour, at any rate, was certainly an important element in the
ancient temple, part of the standard repertoire of its decoration.
But temples were not only conservative. While they all evidently belong
to the same type, each was also a one-off, an improvisation, an
experiment. As the temple at Bassae shows, within the general pattern
there was plenty of scope for variation – both in the architecture and in
its decoration. We will return to the frieze itself in a while. For the
moment let us concentrate on the sculptures that adorned the outside
of the building and on the overall layout of the interior. They help us to
see various different ways in which the temple signalled its individuality.
The exterior sculptures survive, unlike the frieze, only in small
fragments. It appears that there was no sculpture in the gables of the
building; but, following the common pattern, there was a series of six
carved panels (the technical architectural term is ‘metopes’) above the
74

columns at each end. One piece of these appears to be part of a ﬁgure
playing a lyre, one of the distinctive symbols of the god Apollo (see Fig.
17). Other fragments seem to ﬁt together to form a male ﬁgure draped
in a cloak, similar to many representations of the god Zeus, Apollo’s
father. In others there was swirling drapery, perhaps belonging to a
series of dancing women. From these fragments it is impossible to be
sure exactly what scenes were represented on the panels, but we have
just about enough to suggest that the characters depicted made
speciﬁc reference to a particular local legend.
The temple almost certainly proclaimed its identity – ‘the Temple of
75

The Art of Reconstruction

17. Reconstruction of a smashed metope. The fragment showing Apollo
‘the lyre-player’ is visible in Fig. 2.

Apollo Epikourios’ – by displaying the lyre-playing god (with a band of
dancing nymphs or Muses) on a metope above its front door. The ﬁgure
of Apollo’s father Zeus, however, may well allude to one well-known
story that placed this out-of-the-way region of Arcadia at the centrestage of Greek mythology. For when Zeus was born, so the myths
related, he was hidden away in a cave among these wild hills to keep
him safe from his father Kronos, who was bent on destroying him –
while his nurses protected the hiding-place by drowning his cries with
the most un-musical racket. If this story was on show at Bassae, it would
proclaim to anyone who could piece it together the primacy of Arcadia
at the mythical origin of world order, at the installation of the rule of
Zeus over the whole cosmos.

At home with god

Classics

It is easy to visualize a noisy procession winding up the slopes from
Phigaleia to assemble before the altar of Apollo which would have stood
in the open air in front of the temple. It is easy to imagine the crowd
standing in holy silence, while the priests made ready to offer prayers
and sacriﬁce to the god. Anyone who looked up at the decoration above
the temple doors could ‘read’ a proud claim that the civilized music of
Apollo with his lyre traced its origin to the wild noise kicked up to
preserve his father Zeus – back close to the beginning of time, and close
to this very spot.
Much of this is conjecture. Pausanias tells us nothing of this kind – and
we have started from just a few small broken pieces of marble (a hand
playing a lyre, part of a torso, some fragments of a cloak) to reconstruct
not only the sculpture that decorated the outside of the temple, but
also something of its signiﬁcance and reception. Part of the business of
Classics is precisely this kind of reconstruction, the piecing together of
scattered fragments to give an idea of what the whole once was like and
what it meant. It is largely guesswork. It is almost always disputed.
Other people, for example, have other ideas of what exactly these
76

metopes depicted above the entrance to the temple at Bassae. But it is
not just guesswork. It most of all depends on being able to see what
remains, however fragmentary, in the context of all the other things we
know about the ancient world.
Here our reconstruction depends partly on our knowledge of other
surviving representations of the god Apollo – who was often depicted
playing the lyre. A fragment of a hand playing a lyre in this temple is
bound to suggest the ﬁgure of the god himself. But it also depends on a
familiarity with the ancient myths and stories of the area, and on
knowing that Arcadia was a particularly signiﬁcant spot in the story of
Apollo’s father, Zeus. The process of piecing together the temple, in
other words, leads us into the whole culture of the region.

ways in which the temple claimed individuality, even within its very
standard pattern. The sculptures above the entrance may have explicitly
referred to the particular god associated with this temple and to
particular local legends; the layout of the interior proclaims its
individuality in a very different way.
The inside of a temple was used to house the image of the god and to
store dedications and thank-offerings that accumulated over the
centuries. It played little or no part in the ceremonies and rituals that
centred on the altar outside, and the animal sacriﬁces that were carried
out upon it. The chamber itself was a dark place. The nineteenthcentury reconstruction we illustrate (Fig. 18) does its best to introduce
some light into the scene, by suggesting a skylight in the roof. But there
is no evidence of any such arrangement, and no one today believes
anything of the sort ever existed. So we should be imagining an
altogether gloomier environment than is portrayed there.
In other respects, though, this reconstruction is accurate enough. The
remarkable innovation of half-columns (rather than the usual rows of
77

The Art of Reconstruction

This reconstruction of the outside decoration also shows one of the

18. Inside the temple: how the nineteenth century saw it

free-standing columns) had the effect of making the walls seem more
distant, so dramatically increasing the visitor’s sense of the inner
dimensions of the shrine. Above them the frieze ran around the four
sides of the chamber, casting eerie shadows in the gloom. As visitors
entered they faced straight ahead of them, just as in the picture, a single
column – crucially different from all the others in the building. This is
the famous ‘Corinthian’ column we referred to in Chapter 2, the earliest
known example of a column with this particular type of capital
anywhere in the ancient world (displayed in Fig. 2). Here it forms a kind
of screen, between the main body of the chamber and a small area
beyond. In that area stood the statue of Apollo, probably in the far
right-hand corner looking out through a doorway at the far left, which
gave a view over the mountainside. It was probably the original statue
of Apollo, four metres high, that Pausanias saw in Megalopolis, where it
the scanty remains, they put another Apollo, with marble feet, hands,
and head – but whose body was made out of a frame of wood,
concealed by drapery. This was a much cheaper alternative to a statue of
bronze, or one made entirely of marble. It would also be more likely to
be left in peace in its holy of holies by powerful looters/collectors/
worshippers from down in ‘Big Town’.
The details of this interior layout are absolutely unique. Within the
standard plan, the architects of the temple have introduced some
startling features. In particular, no other temple sets a column at the
centre of the scene, drawing every visitor’s attention. No other temple
places the main cult statue off the central axis, looking away towards a
side door. No other temple has a sculpted frieze running all around its
inner chamber. The whole building too is unusual in looking North,
whereas almost all Greek temples face East.

79

The Art of Reconstruction

had been taken to adorn the town. In its place at Bassae, to judge from

Their world, our jigsaw
Whatever the particular explanations for all these features, the most
important point is the sheer variety of design introduced here, without
losing the basic standard plan. In that respect the temple at Bassae is
characteristic of much of classical culture. You could make a similar
point too for other areas of Classics. Both Greek and Latin verse, for
example, was always written to stringent rules of ‘metre’, which
determine particular ranges of variation for patterns of ‘long’ and
‘short’ syllables throughout the whole length of a poem, even when it
runs to thousands of lines (see Fig. 19). Part of the interest in reading
this poetry now is to see precisely how classical poets used that
framework, how the metrical rules incorporated difference, making
innovation possible and originality recognizable, as well as setting

Classics

standard patterns of versifying that every writer followed.

19. Classical verse can be presented in schematic form. This particular
pattern of ‘long’ and ‘short’ syllables is known as the ‘Alcaic stanza’.
Named after its supposed inventor, the lyric poet Alcaeus, it was, with
‘Sapphic stanzas’, the metre commonly used in Horace’s Odes.

But it is time to consider the frieze again, in the light of what we have
just said. Paradoxically (given the fact that it survives pretty much
complete), the frieze raises acute problems of reconstruction. One
effect of the recovery of the twenty-three slabs scattered amongst the
ruins, their packaging up for transport, and their eventual reassembly
for display in London, is that we have no clear evidence for their original
placement or ordering in the temple. The puzzle is made particularly
difﬁcult because each slab is carved independently, with little or no
overlap with any other. Most depict a tangled confusion of straining
bodies. The result is that the exact layout of the frieze, which slab went
next to which in the original design, is still a matter of intense
80

disagreement among archaeologists. As we observed in Chapter 1, this
jigsaw so far lacks any generally accepted solution.
All, however, agree that the frieze depicts two stories: a battle between
Greeks, led by the hero Herakles, one of the many sons of Zeus, and the
Amazons, a mythic race of women who lived, and fought, without men;
and the ﬁght between the mythic race of Centaurs, half-man, halfhorse, and a Greek tribe called the Lapiths. It would seem obvious to
suppose that each of these stories occupied two of the four sides of the
complete frieze, one long side and one short side. But no one can ﬁt the
two stories neatly into that arrangement. One sequence must run into
the other somewhere along at least one of the sides. This too adds to
the problem of reconstruction.

and 21). In one, Apollo draws his bow against a Centaur while his twin
sister Artemis holds the reins of their chariot, drawn by stags. In the
other, Herakles, draped in a lion-skin, swings his club at an Amazon who
ducks away from the blow behind her shield. Many people have thought
that this scene of Herakles well suits a central position, the other ﬁgures

20. Apollo and Artemis enter the fray: from the Bassae frieze
81

The Art of Reconstruction

But two particular scenes on two particular slabs stand out (see Figs. 20

21. Herakles ﬁghts Amazon: from the Bassae frieze

radiating to left and right. It also has vividly reminded scholars of the
scene in the centre of a gable of the Parthenon in Athens (supposedly
designed by the same architect), where the ﬁgures of the goddess
Athene and her opponent Poseidon start back from each other in very
much this way. This would then be the focal scene in this composition:
positioned above the Corinthian capital, and designed to lead the

Classics

visitor’s eye up the column to this central moment. And if that is so,
then presumably the team of Apollo and Artemis ‘must’ belong over the
main doorway, waiting to catch our gaze as we turn to leave the
chamber.
None of these details of reconstruction need trouble us. Nor indeed
need the details of the scenes depicted. They carry the outlandish titles
of ‘Amazonomachy’ and, even more of a mouthful,
‘Lapithocentauromachy’, for the Greeks do, as often, have a word for it,
and the monster words beﬁt their monstrous referents. But these visual
stories are part of the absolutely standard repertoire of classical art and
culture; they are to be found wherever classical temple sculpture is
found. At Bassae these stories set in stone and justify the claim of this
hillside shrine to belong to the wide world of Greek culture, ﬁt to take
its place alongside the proudest marble monuments of any city
anywhere. It is worth emphasizing, in fact, that these images certify this
building as an ediﬁce of public sanctity just as surely as the same kinds
of ‘classical’ features certify their descendants: the banks, court-houses,
museums, and ofﬁcial residences of any of the major cities of the
82

modern world. Columns and gables full of classical-style sculpture still
help to signal a building’s public importance and solemnity: the British
Museum, for example, means to be another Parthenon, and its templelike façade parades it as a shrine, to Classics.
Nevertheless, the sheer ubiquity of such scenes as Greeks ﬁghting
Amazons and Lapiths ﬁghting Centaurs does not weaken their
signiﬁcance. Quite the reverse: the more frequent, insistent, and proliﬁc
the representations of the myths, the more central their role in classical
culture is likely to have been. Indeed, some of the most exciting work in
Classics in recent years has taken up the challenge of exploring the
speciﬁc signiﬁcance of just such images; and it is worth pausing for a
moment to think about how this work might help us to understand and
interpret what we see on the Bassae frieze itself. This will involve
much more widely into the religion, customary values, and ideology of
the Greeks.

Superman, Superwomen, and other monsters
We have already proposed that the powerful scene of Herakles in
conﬂict with an Amazon warrior took the central place of honour, above
the Corinthian column. Herakles turns up everywhere you look in the
classical world. At the great temple of Zeus at Olympia the twelve
marble metopes, six at each end of the building, depict the twelve
labours he was forced to undertake against ever-more outlandish
monsters. And at Rome too, as we shall see in Chapter 9, Hercules
played a major role in the national myth that enshrined the origins of
Rome. The ﬁgure of Herakles/Hercules was everywhere because he
represented some of the things that most concerned – troubled,
puzzled, united, divided – both Greeks and Romans. He was, as we have
learned to put it, good to think with.
When this Herakles ﬁghts his Amazon, we see a display of heroic male
83

The Art of Reconstruction

allowing Greek art to take us not only into the world of myth, but also

nudity, on frontal show – joined with his caveman’s weapon, the club,
and the lion-skin that he wears instead of armour and carries instead of
a shield. He is strong and muscular here, but otherwise barely
distinguishable from the men who ﬁght alongside him against the
Amazons, with their helmets, swords, and ﬂying cloaks. The ‘enemy’
soldiers are recognizably female, their bodies decently covered by
dresses except at moments of disaster; but they ﬁght like trained
troops, infantry and cavalry. Nakedness apart, the male army looks in
many respects like the force which any Greek city kept ready to put into
the ﬁeld, but it is led and inspired by the super-male, who wandered the
earth, slaying monsters to prove he is the son of Zeus.
The victory, which still hangs in the balance, will put gender back to
rights. It will vindicate male courage and disarm the aliens of this
monstrous regiment. And yet the wrong the Amazons do, or have done,

Classics

is not clearly proclaimed. Some stories said that they invaded Greece.
But Herakles also invaded their wild realm, sent as one of his labours to
steal the belt from their queen’s waist. How shall we understand what is
at stake in the defeat of the Amazons? Why must these warrior women
be defeated?
In part we may want to think of this as a display of male power and
control over women: men wore belts to sheath swords, but women’s
belts were undone by men, for sex. Here we see in myth women who
have usurped the male role of ﬁghters and warriors, who have even
claimed to construct a society entirely without men, on the brink of
defeat by the forces of Greek male order. It is a strong assertion of the
proper gender roles expected of Greek women and men. At the same
time though, we might want to relate the struggle of Greeks and
Amazons much more directly to the other story depicted on the frieze.
There the Centaur guests at the wedding feast grabbed the bride, and
the groom had to lead family and friends to the rescue. The Centaurs
are clearly damned for their injustice, disrupting the wedding
proprieties with bestial savagery; their adversaries, on the other hand,
84

receive the authoritative assistance of Apollo and Artemis, children of
Zeus.
It is tempting to see these two conﬂicts as closely equivalent – the
combination of armed female on horseback repeated and reﬂected in
the monstrously transgressive form of the half-man, half-horse Centaur.
If this is so, then the ‘crime’ of the Amazons is much more than just the
crime of departing from the proper behaviour expected of Greek
women. In taking on the male role of ﬁghter, the Amazons are to be
seen as just as ‘unnatural’, just as monstrous a perversion of nature, as
the monstrous Centaurs – whose behaviour strikes at the most basic
rules of human society, the rules of marriage. The defeat of the Centaurs
and Amazons amounts to the restoration of the ‘natural’ ordering of
Greek society. The frieze proposes, in a sense, that the Amazons are the

The temple sets gender roles and the sanctity of the marital ordering of
society together under divine protection. It offers a logic of how a
society should work that unites both gods and humans: the male must
strive to follow Herakles, and achieve manhood, just as Herakles himself
must ﬁght to vindicate the paternity he shares with Apollo, effortlessly
dominating his temple from behind the screen of columns. Visitors to
Bassae could ﬁnd a contract for human society impressed upon them –
deﬁning the roles of war and marriage, of men as the tamers of women
and as their champions. And in the sequence of Apollos on view (from
the lyre-player outside, through the colossal statue within, to the deathdealing archer that you saw when you left) divine power in the world
could be seen as both salvation and violence, mediated through the arts
of both war and music.
This kind of analysis insists that we should look very closely at what the
sculpture shows, that there is more to see here than ‘just’ the standard
repertoire of mythical battles. But it does not depend on making
judgements about the artistic quality of the frieze as a work of art. It is
85

The Art of Reconstruction

wrong which the Centaurs do.

not a question of stylistic or aesthetic success. All the same, as you
examined the battered remains that our analysis has tacitly restored to
their original form (we did not stop to point out that Herakles was
missing a leg, or that his Amazon opponent had literally lost her head),
you will probably have wondered how far you admire or like what you
see in front of you.

Golden oldies – the latest craze
Let us make it clear at once that reaction to the sight of these slabs has
been extremely mixed from the very moment they were discovered. You
are not necessarily blind or barbarous if you ﬁnd them nasty, brutish,
and strangely proportioned. Fauvel, for example, at the time of the
great auction of the sculptures, was apparently quite happy to write the
frieze off as a second-rate purchase, ﬁt for the British to waste their cash

Classics

on. And even some of the British themselves were sceptical about the
merits of what they had bought. Only a few years later Edward Dodwell,
another traveller, who had himself visited the site of Bassae, wrote: ‘The
feet are long, the legs short and stumpy, and the extremities ridiculous
in the design, and imperfect in the execution.’ This was a judgement
with which Frazer, in his commentary on Pausanias, heartily agreed –
noting the ‘grave blemishes’ in the workmanship and the ‘uncouth
attitudes’ of the ﬁgures. More recent critics too have felt much the
same. For instance, a weighty handbook of Greek Art comments on the
‘curiosity’ of the style and the ‘crude execution’.
Excuses have always been made for these poor slabs. The commonest
line is that taken by the painter Benjamin Haydon, writing at the time of
the sculpture’s arrival in England: ‘The Phygaleian marbles arrived. I saw
them. Though full of gross disproportions they are beautifully
composed and were evidently the design of a great genius, executed
provincially.’ The underlying idea here is that the frieze can claim its
share in the glory of Greek civilization, that there is a glimmer of the
same artistic brilliance that we recognize in the great works of Athenian
86

art (the masterpieces of Pheidias on the Parthenon, for example); but
that the work at Bassae has been dulled and diluted by the provincial
ﬁngers and thumbs of the benighted Arcadian bunglers that chiselled it
out. Pausanias passes on to us the proud claim that Bassae was designed
by Iktinos, the architect of the Parthenon, no less; his silence on the
frieze allows us to berate the local peasants for failing to do justice to
that design.
There have been some less equivocal admirers of the frieze – Cockerell,
not surprisingly, amongst them. They usually dwell on the energy of the
sculpture, its agitated violence, the daring and uncompromising display
of the sheer brutality of the ﬁghting. But they also rightly object that we
are badly out of key with the original conception of this imagery when
we pore over photographs and drawings in books, or sidle close up to
thinking instead of the cramped interior of Apollo’s chamber and the
steep angle at which the frieze, high above the visitor, would have been
viewed? What would have been more appropriate, or impressive, than
these high-relief ﬁgures crowding down on top of the visitor, in their
garish colours and contorted melées, the deep-ﬂickering shadows
thrown by torchlight through the gloom?
Classics involves many such complicated matters of judgement. It is still
the case, even today, that the adjectives ‘classical’ and ‘classic’ (when
applied to anything from novels to cars) are normally terms of approval
or admiration. Yet at the same time there is much debate about which
works of art or literature surviving from the ancient world are the best.
Such judgements are deeply affected by changes in our own
contemporary culture. For example, when abstract art was particularly
popular in the early years of the twentieth century there was a tendency
also to value highly the earliest phases of Greek sculpture, of the
seventh and sixth centuries bce – with their massive, stylized, almost
abstract forms. In recent years the wittily disrespectful genius of Ovid
has been recognized, where once his talents were ﬁrmly deplored for
87

The Art of Reconstruction

the slabs at eye-level in their room in the Museum. Should we not be

their wayward and self-indulgent frivolity. And the epic poets that
followed Virgil – who used to be dismissed for their sensational
histrionics, the product of a decadent age – now appeal to many
readers, both for their strident denunciation of the horrors of civil war
and for their political bravery in speaking out under the repressive
autocracy of the Roman empire.
As the case of Bassae shows, our judgements must also be inﬂuenced by
how we reconstruct not only the objects themselves, but also their
original context and reception. We will judge the frieze differently if we
ﬁrst consider how it would have looked in its temple-setting, then relate
it to the function of the building and the customs and values of the
people who built, used, and visited it. The same applies to literature as
well as art. A Greek play represents a text that was read and studied in
the ancient world, as it has been from the Renaissance to the present

Classics

day; but these were once scripts written and performed for the ﬁrst
time in the special context of the theatre of Athens, and we will
approach Greek drama differently once we see it in this light. Technical
questions of history and reconstruction are inextricable from questions
of quality and evaluation, and from our own fashions and preferences.
Classics keeps these considerations together under constant review
and debate.

88

Chapter 8
The Greatest Show on Earth

Suave and Savage
A major book on the plays of the Athenian dramatist Sophocles
chooses to start with an evocative description of the temple at
Bassae:
High on a mountainside in a rugged and lonely part of Arcadia stands a
remote shrine to Zeus Lykaios, Wolf Zeus. Plato alludes to a legend that
human sacriﬁce was regularly practised there and the celebrant who
partook of the ﬂesh turned into a wolf. Across the valley from this grim
precinct, in a spot of wild and desolate beauty, in a place known as the
‘glens’, Bassai, a small Greek city erected an elaborate temple to the
most civilized of its gods, Apollo Epikourios, the Helper. Approaching this
temple at Bassae from the city of Phigaleia, as the ancients did, the
visitor experiences a striking visual confrontation of civilization and
savagery. Before the ancient spectator stood the ordered geometry of
columns and pediment outlined against the jagged mountaintops which
stretch far into the distance. Freestanding and unexpected in that
desolate setting, the temple seems as arbitrary an example of pure form
and human design as an Attic amphora or the rhythms of a tragic chorus.
But prominent just beyond the temple is the mountain where a grisly and
primitive cult violated one of the ﬁrst laws of human civilization as the
Greeks deﬁned it, the taboo against cannibalism. (C. Segal, Tragedy and
Civilisation (1981), 1)
89

As we saw in the last chapter, this juxtaposition of savagery and
reﬁnement continued inside the temple, where the frieze showed heroic
exertion in the midst of barbaric confusion and desecration, in
vindication of the marriage-rites and gender roles which deﬁned
civilized Greek life; while the cult-statue in its screened inner sanctum
stood shining serenely in the light of the rising sun, emanating calm
succour for worshippers of Apollo and for the generality of afﬂicted
mortals. The temple at Bassae can be seen to sum up the tensions
inherent in Greek tragedy – not least in Sophocles’ plays – between
classical harmony and transgressive violence.
Clashes and collisions between ‘nature’ and ‘culture’ have been a strong
theme in modern work on the ancient world, as we saw in Chapter 6
when we looked at Frazer’s Golden Bough and Pausanias, and found him
intent on the traces of wild otherness lurking beneath the veneer of

Classics

civilization. This provided him with a measure of the Progress of
Civilisation (to take the title of the sculpture lodged in the gable, as in a
classical temple, above the entrance to the British Museum) as well as a
cautionary lesson against any self-congratulatory complacency within
the imperial mission to redeem pagan subjects from their native
backwardness in the nineteenth-century’s scheme of the evolution of
humanity. Just under the surface of the civilized triumphs of the classical
world were still to be found all kinds of ‘primitive’ traits.
The opposition between nature and culture runs right through Classics,
to the point where the classical has been deﬁned and constituted
precisely as the cool, calm, pure restraint exercised through the cosmos
by Apollo, and the Greeks, in particular, seen as the originators of
whatever enlightenment we can trace back from the modern Western
tradition inspired by classical culture. In the aftermath of the Second
World War a famous book by E. R. Dodds, Professor of Greek at Oxford
in the 1950s, The Greeks and the Irrational, protested that it was
unreasonable to ‘attribute to the ancient Greeks an immunity from
“primitive” modes of thought which we do not ﬁnd in any society open
90

to our direct observation’. His book was extremely inﬂuential in
showing classicists how full Greek art and literature was of images of
wildness, mania, Dionysiac ecstasy. For Dodds it was not just a question
of Frazer’s primitive survivals, hidden under the classical veneer;
classical culture itself was partly made up of such primitive elements.
Today we are perhaps more inclined to see in the Bassae frieze how
precarious is the victory of Herakles over the Amazons, and how costly
the Centaurs’ defeat by its Lapiths. Far from protesting that ‘the Greeks
were not savage’, we now see the intimate connections between the
debate over human inhumanity within our world and similar discussions
within ancient culture. Facing the worst that people can imagine doing
to each other, and having done to themselves, is very much the business
of the Greek tragedies written and performed in ﬁfth-century Athens,
to have survived from the ancient world.

Bums on seats
The plays of Sophocles, along with Aeschylus’ and Euripides’, were
classics already in the fourth century; they were given a strong role in
educational syllabuses from that time onwards, by the far-ﬂung
communities from Macedon to Egypt, Syria, Turkey, and right to the
borders of India, who taught their children to be ‘Greeks’; and by the
Roman élite, that taught its sons to be ‘civilized’ by experiencing the
fruits of Greek culture. So these tragedies played a key role as explosive
discussions of the norms and limits which human society and the
human self must ﬁght to maintain – or else burst asunder into unholy
chaos and ruination. The power of the scripts, the quality of their ideas,
and their communication of sheer horror command audiences in any
theatre, as the three Greek tragedies in performance as we write, are
proving to packed houses in the theatres of London’s West End. Besides,
any classroom can verify this, with almost any text or translation, and
any cast.
91

The Greatest Show on Earth

which rate as among the most impressive and affecting of all the works

Tragedies are a strange fusion of violence and wordy, stylized, debate.
The stories they dramatize centre on terrible deeds and anguish. For
example, in Sophocles’ plays about the family of Oedipus (Oedipus the
King, Oedipus at Colonus, Antigone), Oedipus is doomed to ﬁnd that he
has, in all his efforts to escape the curse upon him, killed his true father,
married his mother, and incestuously fathered children; cursing the one
who has brought plague upon his city of Thebes, this detective learns
that the criminal is himself; his wife kills herself, he puts out his eyes –
and he curses his brother-sons, who will later plunge their city into civil
war and kill each other in combat. Even then, there are still members of
the house of Oedipus to suffer and die – for, and at the hands of, each
other. As each plot tightens the screw before the impending horror
bursts upon the stage, songs from the chorus of dancers – songs of joy
and fear, praise and lamentation – alternate with confrontations
between two or three of the main character roles. These characters may

Classics

declaim formal speeches to present their case; weave sinister traps with
feigned humility; or engage each other in the rapid-ﬁre of one-line
exchanges. The tonal range of the poetic language is vast, and each play
takes its own line, whether arch-primitive, self-mocking, even romantic
on occasion.
The texts of tragedy are, however, as we remarked at the end of the last
chapter, the product of a particular institutional context in the ancient
city of Athens and, for all their ever-renewed energy, must be grasped as
such. The tension between nature and culture within the scenario of the
plots was reproduced in the scenario of the production and
performance of the plays. For these tragedies were produced for the
ﬁrst time at festivals of the god Dionysus: elusive god of wild
intoxication and all loosening of restraint. Yet here, on the appointed
dates in the state-calendar, he was brought within the city’s limits, part
of the ordered social life of the community. The assembled citizens of
Athens, in other words, sat and watched in the theatre of Dionysus on
the Acropolis below the Parthenon (see Map 3). Here the god of the
wild, son of a Theban mother by Almighty Zeus, presided over the
92

illusion as Oedipus’ tragic city of Thebes, the traditional enemy of
Athens, was torn apart before their eyes.

Power to the people
More than this, the spectators were attending the theatre on very
different terms from those who attend our own dramatic performances.
Drama was special to Athens as an intrinsic and key institution of the
democratic city of the later ﬁfth century. The traditional religious
ceremonies of procession, sacriﬁce, and priestly prayer preceded and
led into the business in the theatre. There followed a series of preselected performances, presenting plays that had been specially devised
and written for the festival, and compulsorily funded by wealthy citizens
as a contribution to the city. The whole occasion took the form of a
an appointed panel of judges.
Audiences sat through the day from ﬁrst light on, expected to reﬂect
and concentrate, as part of their role as citizens of Athens. The female
roles in the dramas were all played by males; so, too, the spectators
were probably all men. As such, they were also the members of the
democratic mass assembly whose votes decided what Athens did and
stood for; and they were the jurymen of the large courts chosen by lot
from the number of citizens. Other ceremonies which preceded the
performances included the presentation of war-orphans who were
brought up at the expense of the city, and a parade of the tribute of
silver levied by Athens from her allies, or subjects, and stored in the
chamber at the West end of the Parthenon. The display to the Athenians
of their city’s imperialist role and of its collective ideology brought
political relevance to the performances. Soldiers and judges, voters and
fathers, watched Athens’ own chosen form of representation. In drama,
the democratic city was on display.
The plays outlived the democracy that produced them. Already in the
93

The Greatest Show on Earth

competition between these tragic performances for a prize awarded by

fourth century they had become classics, taken on tour by companies
around the various Greek cities, in Sicily and southern Italy as well as in
Greece and the Eastern Mediterranean, which had invested in de luxe
stone theatres, Athens-style. By then the independence of those cities
was under threat from Macedon to the north, from Philip of Macedon
and then his son Alexander the Great. When Aristotle (the philosopher
who tutored the young Alexander) came to write his analysis of tragedy,
which has remained the single most important piece of literary criticism
in Western culture into the twentieth century, he could think of the
plays as a formal abstraction, setting to one side their political speciﬁcs,
and categorizing them rather as a literary and theatrical genre. He saw a
dynamic function at work between stage and audience, the production
of horror and pity, admiration and empathy. This down-playing of the
democratic matrix which produced Tragedy has allowed it to be
admired and performed, ever since, in societies where politics have

Classics

been organized very differently.
Indeed, reverence for ﬁfth-century Athenian culture – Tragedy and the
Parthenon – has consistently struggled to play down its connection with
democracy, for democracy itself has become a generally embraced and
positive concept only in very recent times. Before that, Classics mirrored
the chorus of ancient voices deploring Athenian democracy as a
dangerous experiment in collective responsibility which went
catastrophically wrong. The seemingly miraculous defeat of the
Persians by the united forces of the major Greek cities was always a
stirring story, kept alive by Herodotus’ historical narrative, and forever
after seen as ‘The glory of Greece’; but Thucydides’ powerful account of
the failure of Athenian democracy to win the drawn-out ‘Peloponnesian
War’ against Sparta and the Spartan alliance stigmatized the volatile
descent into mob-rule which later political theorists would pronounce
endemic to any democratic system. Thucydides was himself an
Athenian failure (exiled for incompetence), but his history turned on
democratic Athens as a whole, denouncing it as in reality a ‘tyrant city’,
fed on extortion and responsible for wholesale massacre of fellow
94

Greeks and, when expedient, cynical genocide. As we noticed in
Chapter 4, democracy was for Thucydides little short of a heady mass
afﬂiction and delirium which proved suicidal once its leaders jettisoned
statesmanship and took to the instant ﬁxes of demagoguery. His
writing, however, embodies just that Athenian combination of
irreverent intelligence and analytic grip which made possible the city’s
daring experiment in handing power to the people.

Thinking up philosophy
The tooling of the Greek language for analytic thought and theorizing
made further advances in the fourth century. Philosophers deployed
and developed the language in their assault on the whole range of
philosophical questions, about the nature of reality, truth, society,
and speciﬁcally Greek philosophical discourse, was quite simply the
most highly developed critical apparatus available through the duration
of the ancient world. It was respected as superior even by the Romans
who reduced the Greek world to the rank of provinces in their World
Empire, and has continued to inspire intellectual work to the present
day – particularly from the nineteenth century onwards. With this
discourse Greeks could debate a cosmopolitan, universalizing, view of
the constants and the differences within the range of human
experience.
Before Aristotle, Plato had written philosophical treatises in the form of
dramatized discussions (usually now called ‘dialogues’) led by his
unworldly teacher Socrates. Plato was writing in the fourth century bce,
several years after the death of Socrates. But the dialogues are all set
back in the days before the collapse of the full democratic glory of ﬁfthcentury Athens; and all of them were predicated on the eventual
‘martyrdom’ of Socrates, who was put to death in 399 bce on charges
which Plato presents as just the kind of victimization to be expected
from democrats’ spite and irresponsibility. (The last days of Socrates, of
95

The Greatest Show on Earth

psychology, mortality, rhetoric, ethics, and (not least) politics. Greek,

the Peloponnesian War, and of the full Athenian democracy are
dramatized, using Plato and other sources, in Mary Renault’s novel The
Last of the Wine.) The discussions probe restlessly and stratospherically
into those basic and ultimate questions which Greek philosophy has
made canonical for Western culture to this day. They carry their readers
up and away from everyday experience, envisioning perfect and
ultimate truth in the ‘realness’ of forms that we can only glimpse,
beyond the mere shadows that make up the mundane world we inhabit.
The reference to Plato in the passage we quoted at the start of this
chapter is in fact to his Republic. This long dialogue in ten books
outlines, in the guise of an attempt to deﬁne Justice, a blueprint for an
ideal political order where the defects which maim societies such as
Athens, summed up for Plato in the killing of Socrates, would be ironed
out of existence. He aims for a steady state where no call for social

Classics

change need smuggle in social disruption. Plato’s ﬁctional Socrates
brings in ‘Wolf Zeus’ and ‘cannibalism’ at the point where he is
characterizing, with his usual irony, what happens when the masses get
themselves a champion: the instant that this hero ﬁnds it necessary or
expedient to do away with a fellow citizen, he turns into a wolf,
Arcadian-style: the social, political, cannibal now known the world over
as ‘The Tyrant’.
No writing by Socrates himself survives, and we cannot know how much
of the argument put into his mouth in these dialogues is pure Plato, and
whether any of it goes back to Socrates himself. But the tireless
Socrates, as he is presented by his animator, always reaching through
iconoclastic rejection of tradition and the status quo toward some better
vision, could only be a product of the democracy of Athens, for all his
rejection of democracy. And through him and the ﬁfth-century setting
of the dialogues, Plato retreats from taking a direct stance on his own
fourth-century circumstances. The brew makes an explosively unstable
mix of anti-democratic, closed reaction with anti-conservative, open
speculation which has inspired and enraged everyone who has had a
96

Greek or classical education. For Plato is, not least, the best writer of all
Western thinkers.

Getting into politics – democrat, republican,
dictator, emperor
There can be no expectation of simplicity from the modern world’s
attitudes to ancient political systems and ideologies. But in the main,
opposition between parties carrying, for example, ‘Democratic’ and
‘Republican’ banners, represents an emphatically modern investment in
two particular ancient models. On the one hand, as we have seen,
Athenian democracy – with, if you like, all the excesses of the Athenian
mob (a term itself derived from the Latin mobile uulgus, ‘volatile crowd’,
in late eighteenth-century English cant). On the other, the politics of the
against monarchic government that linked France with New World
rebellion from the British crown. For it was ancient Rome, rather than
Greece, that provided statesmen and political theorists from the
Renaissance to the nineteenth century with their chief conceptual
weapons: Latin was for those ﬁve centuries the common currency of the
West, a shared language of government and law, and a nucleus of
shared reference-points distributed through the educational curriculum
of Classics.
In outline, Roman history knew four phases. The legendary original
monarchy declined into tyranny and the last king, Tarquin the Proud,
was expelled by Brutus the Liberator at the end of the sixth century bce.
There followed the free Republic, which lasted for four centuries or so.
This was an oligarchic regime in which members of a more or less
restricted group of rich or aristocratic families were elected by the
citizen body to annual magistracies. They worked under the guidance of
a chamber of former magistrates who sat as the tightly hierarchized
permanent advisory body, the senate. (Hence the logo ‘SPQR’, for
‘Senate and People of Rome’.) The Republic collapsed in the ﬁrst
97

The Greatest Show on Earth

Roman Republic, which became a rallying cry in the revolutionary surge

century bce, in a series of horrendous civil wars between rival
generalissimos and their armies, arguably the ﬁrst World Wars in the
history of the West. Julius Caesar helped to poison forever the once
honourable title of dictator (which had been the Republic’s term for a
short-term crisis leader) by adopting it to cover the illegality of his coup
d’état. But he was soon assassinated by a band of senators, led by a
second Brutus. These self-proclaimed ‘tyrannicides’ and ‘liberators’
thought to save the Republic. But after further wars between Caesar’s
right-hand man, Mark Antony, and his adoptive heir, the latter installed
the autocracy which we know as Imperial Rome, renaming himself
Caesar Augustus, and building a dynastic future for the World State.
But Augustus did not, of course, tell Rome its destiny. He declared the
free Republic restored, complete with elections and annual magistrates,
and himself just the ﬁrst citizen, ‘ﬁrst amongst equals’. When the

Classics

succession after Augustus turned out to inﬂict, so the Romans told
themselves, a sadist, a psychotic, a senile dolt, and then a crazed
psychopath on their Empire, Roman history turned into a largely
unmitigated procession of transgression and spectacular cruelty. The
slogan of ‘the grandeur of Rome’ was coined in a dreadful and forgotten
poem by a young Edgar Allan Poe, ‘To Helen’, as twin for the ‘glory of
Greece’:
On desperate seas long wont to roam,
Thy hyacinth hair, thy classic face,
Thy Naiad airs have brought me home,
To the glory that was Greece,
And the grandeur that was Rome.

Under this slogan we might include the lavish remains of various
emperors’ spending sprees, the Colosseum, the Pantheon, Trajan’s
Column, and the rest (see Map 4); but what has generally been admired
in Roman culture has been the ﬁrst generation of Augustus’ reign. It was
here, so it was believed, that revolution was stopped and peace restored
98

under strong government, the eternally great classics of Latin Literature
were written (most of Virgil and Horace’s poetry, and Livy’s
monumental history of Rome), and a paternal monarch worked in
concert with a revived aristocracy and a grateful populace.
Most European élites, up to the end of the eighteenth century at least,
took the monarchic/presidential Augustan ‘compromise’ as the ideal
political ‘balance’. Yet there were other models in Rome, to emulate or
abhor. People read Tacitus, the great historian of the emperors, and
thrilled to his satirical indictment of the outrages perpetrated by
incestuous Caligula, nymphomaniac Messalina, perverted Nero –
heaven-sent materials for modern entertainment, too, whether on
stage, in pulp, or on celluloid. They imagined being Cicero, the
Republic’s greatest orator and writer of Latin prose, as the Caesarian
were nailed by the generals’ soldiers to the tribunal where he had
delivered so many tirades.
Thus the US President Thomas Jefferson declared Tacitus ‘the ﬁrst writer
in the world without exception . . . the strongest writer in the world’.
And, like the French revolutionaries, the American Founding Fathers
looked back, with the help of Livy, away from monarchy (however
camouﬂaged by Augustus), to heroes of the early Roman Republic:
George Washington, for example, declaredly modelled himself on
Cincinnatus, famously called from the plough to be consul (chief
magistrate), then, after saving the state, going straight back to his
humble farm with never a thought of holding on to power . . . Classics
has seen the stock of classical models rise and fall, under constant
revision and recuperation, disputed both in themselves and for what
they have been used to mean.
Jefferson can speak for the view which has been prevalent since his day:
‘The same political parties which now agitate the U.S. have existed thro’
all time. Whether the power of the people or that of the “aristoi” should
99

The Greatest Show on Earth

nightmare overwhelmed his world – and his head and writing hand

prevail were questions which kept the states of Greece and Rome in
eternal convulsions, as they now schismatize every people whose minds
and mouths are not shut up by the gag of a despot.’ But reﬂect here
that ‘power of the people’ is a close translation of either Athenian
	 (‘democracy’) or Roman res publica (literally, ‘public
ownership’). ‘Democracy’ may now have emerged as the assumed ideal
of every state. But the articulation of modern politics in terms of
classical models has generated widely contrasting readings of the
ancient world – as well as widely contrasting manipulations of our
global community. These range from the ‘senators’ on Washington’s
Capitol (named after the chief hill of Rome), to the republicanism of
Marxism, and the Fascism of Mussolini’s Italy, where a new Augustan
restoration was proclaimed for an ‘imperial people’. Fascism was named
from the fasces, a bundle of rods tied round an axe, the symbol of the
power to scourge and behead disobedient citizens conferred on the

Classics

magistrates of the Roman Republic. Jefferson too took this same badge
of iron discipline for his and Washington’s state of Virginia.
Imperial Rome has steadily lost charisma as an ideal, in favour of (some
highly sanitized version of ) Athenian democracy; but in the process
resemblances between imperial Roman culture and our own
circumstances have become more prominent. Like Athens, the Roman
Republic did build its own theatre. But the Romans never dared a
competitive format, and regularly adapted Greek scripts rather than
write directly about their own culture. Their characteristic spectacles
were the ‘triumph’, in which victorious generals paraded their
prisoners, spoils, and troops through the city and up to the Capitol to
give thanks to the god Jupiter ‘Best and Greatest’, and, ever more
stunningly and overwhelmingly, the vast gladiatorial ‘games’. Everyone
knows all too well this form of spectacle, which Rome used to show
itself to itself; for ‘gladiators’ have become both a favourite focus of
popular fascination with the ancient world and, in kitsch form (no one
dies), the name of a symptomatic contemporary game-show
transmitted by US television across the globe. But Roman gladiators
100

were already kitsch too, star athletes playing out a charade of warfare,
butchered to make a Roman holiday. Is this the fate that awaits any
post-imperial world? Amused to death?
The spectre of self-recognition in imperial Rome gives us, as it once gave
Roman thinkers and poets, food for thought and debate. Today we may
be drawn in particular to the telling contrast between, on the one hand,
Athens’ outspoken civic theatre and direct democracy, and on the
other, the silencing of discussion and repression of the human voice in
Roman parade and spectacle. Instead of votes, a yearly round of ‘Bread
and Circuses’ massaged the public away from issues, arguments, and
decisions. In the next chapter we shall consider, not the alternative
world excogitated by Plato’s intellectual Socrates, but an Arcadian
‘elsewhere’, ﬁrst imagined during the early days of Augustus’ rise to
promising place to think, watch, and listen, quieter than any Athenian
theatre, and certainly less brutalized than the arena of the Roman
metropolis.
As the saying goes, all roads lead to Rome. But Rome is also where the
visit to Greece begins; it is from Rome that the mind longs to travel,
away to that outpost of cultural order in the midst of wild nature, ‘high
on a mountainside in a rugged and lonely part of Arcadia . . .’ Classics
travels this route constantly, speculating and pondering: Which is the
greatest show on earth?

101

The Greatest Show on Earth

power. Throughout the history of Classics, this has offered a more

Chapter 9
Imagine That

Get away from it all
Bassae was at the furthest edge of Arcadia, a mountainous district in
southern Greece. It bordered on the territory of cities famous
throughout the ancient world: to the south was Sparta, more of a
permanent armed camp than a city – ‘Spartan’ in just the sense we now
use the term; to the west lay Olympia, with its great sanctuary of Zeus
which every four years was the centre of the most splendid festival of
athletics in all of Greece – the ancestor of the modern Olympics; and to
north and east were the busy towns of Argos and Corinth, and a little
further away, Athens. Greeks thought of Arcadia, by contrast, as a
wilderness where nature ruled, the haunt of Pan, the goatish god – halfbeast, half-man in form. In myth Pan would sexually attack any creature
within his grasp, girl, nymph, or animal. Greek artists depicted him
joining in the revelry of Dionysus’ ecstatic company.
Herodotus, the historian of the clash between the Greeks’ David and the
Persian king’s Goliath, tells how a runner was sent by the Athenians to
call the Spartans to help repel the invading Persian hordes. He bumped
into Pan on his way through Arcadia. Even though the Spartans could
not send help in time, Pan did bring assistance to the Athenians – who
duly panicked the enemy to defeat. In return Pan received a shrine below
the Acropolis at Athens, and an annual sacriﬁce and torch-race
commemorated his help.
102

A later Greek version of the story added that the same runner ran
from the battleﬁeld at Marathon to bring news to the Athenians of
their victory over the Persians; and that having done so he expired
through exhaustion. The ‘Marathon’ race in our Olympic Games still
commemorates this exploit – though it is not supposed to cost modern
competitors their lives.
Pan’s invention of the ‘Pan-pipes’ also helped to mark Arcadia as the
home of music and song. Polybius, who (as we saw in Chapter 4) wrote
an account in Greek, for Greeks, of the meteoric Roman conquest of the
world, was himself an Arcadian, born in Megalopolis. He tells us that the
land was so bleak and barren that song was all that stood between its
people and a life beyond endurance.
But in Rome other notions of Arcadia were to take hold. Before writing
his epic Aeneid, Virgil produced a collection of shorter ‘pastoral’ poems
historical world of cities, politics, and war; a place where herdsmen sit,
as they have always sat, untroubled beneath shady trees that give
shelter from the midday sun, trading songs or lamenting their ill luck in
love. Meanwhile their animals rest, or take water, in the heat of the day.
This idyllic setting is called ‘Arcadia’.
In his Italian Arcadia, Virgil created a special ‘elsewhere’, where the
imagination could escape mundane time and tune into the original
scene of singing. It became a place where minds could wander, and
poets and musicians have returned there ever since, re-imagining this
community where song means more than status and possessions. At
the same time, however, Virgil pictured his idyllic, pastoral world as a
society already threatened by the catastrophic fall-out of the struggle
for power in ‘real’ society. The city and its wars cast long shadows across
the lives and songs of the herdsmen and farmers. Some face arbitrary
eviction and exile; some, equally arbitrarily, are spared or even
rewarded. In both cases these are the results of decisions imposed from
103

Imagine That

(the Eclogues or Bucolics). These poems evoke a world outside the

Rome, but they far exceed the understanding of the Arcadian singers.
Virgil’s vision includes both the innocence of song and the threatening
encroachment of massive forces bound to destroy its delicate fragility.
The poet Louis MacNeice gets something of this bitter-sweet ﬂavour
when he begins his ‘Eclogue for Christmas’ with the line ‘I meet you in
an evil time’, and the reply follows: ‘The evil bells | Put out of our heads,
I think, the thought of everything else.’

Sex and sensibility
Pan and his ‘Arcadian’ haunts are also the theme of a famous Ode by
Virgil’s friend Horace; but the myth has a very different ﬂavour in this
lyric setting. The poem addresses Tyndaris, one of the succession of
women who stir desire in the poet. The would-be seducer tells her that
Pan (here under his Roman alias of Faunus) hops straight over from the

Classics

mountains of Arcadia to keep safe his idyllic farm in the Italian hills, just
outside Rome. Inviting her to the farm, he offers her thoughts of Pan’s
protection and his sweet piping echoing through the glens, with
promises too of all the riches of the countryside, an attentive ear for her
singing, and innocent glasses of wine in the shade: here she need not be
wary, no passionately jealous lover will grab, tear, and rip her clothes
when she has not deserved such treatment . . .
The poet’s assurances insist just too much, as his words hint ever less
covertly that there is a price for her accepting protection from Horace.
Just as no nymph can be safe from Pan, so no human female can be safe
from the ‘Pan’ that lurks inside every human male. Tyndaris is, in other
words, being asked to accept Horace’s advances, before he turns (as he
might, or as might Pan) to terror, violence, and rape. The imagined
world of Arcadia here is nothing short of a seductive fantasy, and a
fantasy of seduction. This mythic world beyond the city has become a
playground for male reverie, where nature threatens to unloose basic
instincts. You can ﬁnd a modern female version of this in Fiona PittKethley’s uninhibited travelogue of Greece, where her quest for what
104

she dubs ‘the Pan Principle’ takes her all round Pan’s Arcadia. The
‘romantic sight’ of Bassae lures her, by day and by night, to this
‘imposing temple [that has] gladdened the heart of generations of
lovers’.
Classics studies the erotics embodied in ancient texts and art, whether it
is parcelled up (as in this Ode) in splendid poetry, daubed in crude
grafﬁti, or smeared on a sordid pot. And in the stories and fantasies of
the ancient world we come across all kinds of varieties in the relations
between the sexes, and within each sex. It is not just a matter of lusty
heterosexual encounters between men and the women at their
disposal. Through the centuries, unorthodox and repressed sexualities
have been explored (and found precedents) under the wing of Classics.
Classical writing and art have offered the chance to ponder the
Lesbianism associated with the women of the Greek island of Lesbos
once made famous by the poetess Sappho, to shiver at the disarming
priests of the goddess Cybele, who were obliged to hack off their own
genitals the better to serve their goddess. On the other hand, chastity,
celibacy, and the guarding of a daughter’s virginity were also as securely
lodged within the moral codes of the ancient world as in the strictest
codes of Puritanism.
So Classics does more than ﬂood the imaginative repertoire of our
cultural heritage. It offers an array of precedents for personal behaviour,
sufﬁciently unlike those in our own experience to challenge our
comprehension – though sufﬁciently like our own to fray our nerves and
upset our certainties. To read the poetry of Sappho, with its celebration
of love between women, is inevitably to question the ‘norms’ of sexual
behaviour, both ancient and modern. And even the myths of idyllic
‘Arcadia’ must prompt us to confront our own protocols of seduction,
rape, and sexual violence.
Other Arcadias have moved in different directions. One of the glories of
105

Imagine That

beauty of a hermaphrodite’s luscious bisexuality, or to shudder at the

the Renaissance of classical civilization was the early sixteenth-century
Arcadia by the Italian poet Jacopo Sannazaro. His fame swept across the
courts of Europe as he hit on a priceless formula for captivating the
goatherd and shepherdess lurking in the imagination of every duke and
princess. This Arcadia, with its lovely nymphs and pretty young swains,
rang to the lovesick strains of one Sincero, a youth exiled from his
rightful high station in life, sighing in sweet harmonies. Operatic and
hypnotic, this unhappy lover charms himself into the role of another
Orpheus – the mythical musician who, after the loss of his beloved
Eurydice, could yet make the trees dance and the rocks listen. Here
readers of Sannazaro could ﬁnd a suave rhetoric of love, a rigmarole of
solace, and a land that prized poetry above all. It was a wholesome place
for love to pine.
Among direct reactions to this particular vision of Arcadia were the

Classics

‘Eclogues’ of the English Elizabethan hero, Sir Philip Sidney. His Arcadia,
an imaginary landscape already fractured by pain, sorrow and loss,
returned to the anxieties that shadow Virgil’s poems. It is a paradise
that knows that it is already abandoned and spoiled, that music fails to
heal the universe, that ‘Arcadia’ is as much a nightmare as an idyll –
quite unable to save itself from its own madness. Sidney offers us an
Arcadia of emotion and energy, that pushes the niceties of Sannazaro’s
charming vision aside once more.
Here, as so many times before and since, creative artists have found
their visions in the writing of the classical world; and in the process, they
have stressed different aspects of the ‘original’, offered new emphases
and stamped the result with their own identity. Both Sannazaro and
Sidney, in other words, draw on and imitate Virgil, and at the same time
create something that is itself ‘original’, different, and distinctively their
own. But they also offer something new to our understanding of the
classical writing they take as their inspiration. For each new reading and
‘imitation’ invests Virgil’s text with a fresh signiﬁcance – signiﬁcance
that was there all along, no doubt, but remained unrecognizable until
106

another artist’s eye made it visible to us. Sannazaro and Sidney prompt
us, that is, to see possibilities and hear echoes in Virgil’s writing that
would be lost without them.
This is another sense, then, in which Classics cannot ever be a subject
safely locked away in a past, 2,000 years distant. For Classics continually
ﬁnds richer texture in its works of art and literature – its meanings
changed and renewed – from the multiplication of reactions and reworkings among its vast community of readers across the millennia.

The superpower story
Ironically, Virgil’s early, ‘Arcadian’, poems would most likely not have
gained classic status at Rome if their author had not lived on to write
the great national epic. In his monumental Aeneid, Virgil addresses the
Roman world of the ﬁrst emperor Augustus, who reigned from 31 bce
was a world in the midst of revolutionary political change, emerging
from years of civil war and just getting used to the idea that its
traditional Republican system of government had irrevocably collapsed
and that the future of Rome was under imperial autocracy. Effective
power was to rest henceforth not with the elected magistrates of the
state, or the old aristocratic families who had from time immemorial
shared the control of the state between them, but with a single emperor
and his dynastic succession.
Virgil speaks to this world by retelling a well-known story in which the
origins of Rome are traced back to the mythology of Greece; in which the
escape of a few Trojan survivors, in the aftermath of the Greek conquest of
the city of Troy, ultimately leads, through a whole series of adventures and
disasters on land and sea, to the founding of Rome. In Virgil’s poem all the
Eternal City’s subsequent historical adventures, the triumphs and
disasters of the centuries, are foreshadowed in the narrative of the journey
from Troy to Rome, and the struggles to found the city. And, in particular,
107

Imagine That

to his death in 14 ce (when the senate promptly declared him a god). It

the poem shapes the ﬁgure of the founding hero, Aeneas, as an ancestor
and model for the emperor Augustus.
Aeneas, then, is at the centre of a grand myth about precisely the cities,
politics, and war which Virgil’s Arcadian poetry tried to exclude. When
Virgil brings Aeneas, now landed in Italy, to the future site of Rome, he
has him arrive on the anniversary of an earlier visitor, Hercules – who
had, in characteristic form, disposed of a local monster and founded a
shrine (the so-called ‘Greatest Altar’), where thanksgiving rites would
be performed for ever after. Virgil’s contemporaries knew that Augustus
himself had returned to Rome on this very day, to celebrate his decisive
victory, and the defeat of Mark Antony (together with his Egyptian
queen, Cleopatra) that gave Augustus control over the whole of the
Roman world. In this way, Virgil brings together Hercules, Aeneas, and
Augustus, and creates the classic meditation on political power and

Classics

leadership at Rome.
Nevertheless, even in the Aeneid Virgil underlines the idea that Arcadia
still has a part to play in imagining Rome. For Aeneas is welcomed and
given a guided tour of the seven hills where Rome will stand by the king,
Evander, who has settled on the future site of Rome after ﬂeeing his
native country: Arcadia. At the very origins of the Eternal City, in other
words, you ﬁnd not just Trojan blood, but emigrants from Arcadia itself
already established on the spot. This is the ‘Arcadia’ that is always to be
found within Rome. For all the military might vested in Aeneas and his
descendants, for all the imperatives that told the Romans always to ﬁght
the good ﬁght, part of that imperative (so Virgil implies) is the
protection of the vulnerable ‘Arcadian’ innocence of the loved ones of
house and home, city and citizens: the ‘Arcadia within’.
Virgil’s myth of Rome has been the inspiration of all manner of
reactions. The Fascists under Mussolini paraded his ideas in their
propaganda, while Hermann Broch’s great anti-Nazi novel, The Death of
Virgil, has the poet regret ever attempting his poem; for in agonies of
108

remorse he fears his writing has only served autocratic repression and
wishes the masterpiece burned. He also senses that the world is at a
crucial turning-point which his work will only obscure. Virgil, as we
remarked in Chapter 6, was for Dante a ‘naturally Christian’ soul. And
readers are bound to interpret this sense of a turning-point in world
history as a premonition of Christianity, which arrived more than a
generation after Virgil’s death in 19 bce. In other words, Christianity was
located at the centre of a pagan world which could not appreciate the
start of the revolution which would eventually overthrow the Roman
Empire, and give the West the time-frame it uses to speak of events
before and since: bc (= bce) and ad (= ce). Jesus is, we should not
forget, the most famous Roman provincial of all.

Fun for all the family
Modern ﬁction and ﬁlm have found the birth of Jesus one of the main
paganism and Christianity is central in popular, mass-market images of
Classics. The hugely successful epic ﬁlm Ben-Hur (best known now from
the 1959 Charlton Heston version, with its breakneck chariot race) is a
good example of the power, and longevity, of this theme (see Fig. 22). It
started life as a novel, published in 1880 and subtitled A Tale of the Christ,
which told the story of Jesus largely through the eyes of a Jew, Judah
Ben-Hur, who eventually converts to Christianity. But as the book went
through successive adaptations for stage and screen (there were other
ﬁlm versions before the Charlton Heston spectacular) it became
increasingly presented as the story of a collision between the worldly
power of the Roman state and the upstart Christian subversives, who
spread their ‘sedition’ from the backwater province of Judaea to all the
great centres of the empire. It was a provocative scenario, in which
audiences could ﬁnd a parable of power in the modern world – as well
as, by 1959, gargantuan epic sets, where the thrills and spills of a
civilization both menacingly similar to and quite different from our own
could veer alarmingly between exciting chariot races and sadistic
109

Imagine That

incentives for exploring the Roman world. The conﬂict between Roman

22. Ben-Hur on stage: poster for ‘Klaw and Erlanger’s stupendous
production’ (1901)

Classics

executions, spectacular orgies and gladiatorial butchery, humble acts of
piety and terrifying persecutions.
So Classics can itself be good to think with – as well as fun. Again and
again, imaginative entertainments and instructive re-creations explore
Greek and Roman culture to ﬁnd orientation for our own world, and to
fantasize. Mary Renault’s novels The King Must Die and The Bull from the
Sea, for instance, create in mythical prehistoric Crete, long before the
era of classical Greece, a weird ‘other world’, where a society free from
‘our’ inhibitions (particularly sexual) can be realized. And Cleopatras of
all sorts, on the page, the stage, or celluloid, from Claudette Colbert to
Elizabeth Taylor, have brought the European West a compelling series of
visions of the seductions and perversions of the Orient, plus the
irresistible formula that ensures that the dominance of Cleopatra over
the captivated Mark Antony is always in the end cancelled out by her
death; the story always ends with the restoration of proper political
order and male supremacy. On the other hand, in the Asterix cartoonstrips the tables are turned on the powerful, as the last remnants in the
last corner of a free Gaul magically overpower the legions of Caesar,
110

mock the dull wits and ﬂabby physiques of his ofﬁcers and soldiers, and
in the end return to their ‘Arcadian’ village to feast and sup as (the myth
lies) they always will (see Fig. 23).
This jumble of materials in all our media comes to us in no particular
order and unsorted. Like all of Classics it invites and encourages all kinds
of different responses. We may, for example, choose to study the nature
of Rome’s imperialism, its erosion of national freedoms, and the
mechanisms of its military aggression; or we may (at the same time)
choose to enjoy the jokes of the cartoon-strip freedom ﬁghters,
teaching the dumb conquerors a well-deserved lesson or two. In much
the same way, we can poke fun at the image of the priggish Romans, or
catch the excitement of Catullus’ ﬂip poetry of passion and whim, at the
same time as we recognize that no study of ethics, epistemology, or
political thought can afford to do without Plato, Aristotle, and
Augustine. Even the ancient pagan catch-phrase of ‘Christians to the
(‘Christians 0 Lions 250, in a close match’), while still witnessing the
suffering of Christian martyrs at the hands of their Roman persecutors.

Learning to learn
Classics concerns whole cultures, and the whole range of our responses
to those cultures. And so it concerns what is salacious, sordid, or funny,
no less than what is informative or improving. Indeed, as we have
suggested, the same material from the ancient world may be both
funny and improving, salacious and informative – the difference
depending largely on the different questions we choose to ask of it, and
on the different ways we frame our responses.
But that whole range of responses includes not just our responses to the
ancient world itself, but also to the study of Classics, to the way it is
taught, to the educational values it is seen to represent, and to its
traditions of scholarship. Here too we ﬁnd admiration alongside satiric
111

Imagine That

Lions’ has found its way into the repertoire of playground jokes

23. Back in Arcadia, with Asterix the Gladiator

dissent, humour, and even ridicule; here too ﬁction and the imagination
have a part to play – and even (as we shall see) poetry. Classics, and
particularly the teaching of the Latin and Greek languages, is deeply
embedded in all kinds of modern images of education, schooling, and
culture as a whole.
It is well known that old-fashioned schools used to drill the children of
the rich in Latin grammar. A hundred years ago in most British public
schools not much was taught except Latin and Greek. The justiﬁcation
for this was not principally the excitement of the ancient literature that
was opened up to a pupil who could read the languages ﬂuently, but the
habits of logical rationality that were supposedly inculcated from the
careful learning of all the grammatical rules. A minor Victorian industry
lay in producing textbooks (some still in use today) to explain the ﬁner
points of these rules, to name and describe the grammatical parts: the
gerund and gerundive, amo–amas–amat, the ablative absolute, the
sentence in oratio obliqua, - verbs, the third-person singular pluperfect
passive subjunctive of the fourth conjugation (see Fig. 24).
Only a lunatic fringe now believes that the learning of grammatical rules
has any positive effect on a pupil’s logical thinking. But it is still a matter
of debate how the Latin and Greek languages should best (and most
enjoyably) be taught. There are now plenty of different methods on
offer; but they are not our concern here. Our point is rather to
emphasize that the teaching of ancient languages has never, even under
the Victorian regime, been so monolithic or uncontested as might at
ﬁrst appear. It has always provoked varied responses; and these
responses too we should see as part of Classics.
Geoffrey Willans and Ronald Searle’s comic hero Nigel Molesworth gives
us one side of this (see Fig. 25). In the middle of How to be Topp, one of
the series of Molesworth satires on skool, a page of cartoons illustrates
‘The Private Life of the Gerund’, a Latin grammatical form neatly
113

Imagine That

indirect statement, the supine stem of conﬁteor, the conditional

Classics

24. Confessions of a Latin teacher?

transformed into an exotic animal, here shown in the hands of Benjamin
Hall Kennedy, the author of the most famous textbook of Latin
grammar ever used in schools. (For one of Kennedy’s handy rhymes to
help you learn, see Fig. 26.) The image shows an endangered species
being taken into protection or a freak captured for a circus show – or
both. It is, in any case, a useful reminder that from the moment Latin
grammar was ﬁrst drilled into the heads of schoolchildren (willing or
unwilling), there was a counter-culture of retaliation in the form of
cartoons and grafﬁti circulating round the classroom. That imaginative
counter-culture has always been as much a part of the subject as the
grammar itself.
But it is not only a matter of schoolboy retaliation. Even some of those
most committed to the study of Classics often paused to wonder about
the values and priorities of the narrowest forms of grammatical teaching.
The poet Louis MacNeice was a classicist by profession, friend and, for a
114

To Nouns that cannot be declined
The Neuter Gender is assigned:
Examples fās and nefās give
And the Verb-Noun Inﬁnitive:
Est summum nefās fallere:
Deceit is gross impiety.
26. This jingle was supposed to help children learn general rules about Latin
nouns; but Kennedy does not miss the opportunity to inculcate a moral,
too.

time, colleague of E. R. Dodds; he learned Latin and Greek at
Marlborough College in the 1920s, went on to study Classics at Merton
College, Oxford, then taught the subject at Birmingham and London
Universities. In his autobiographical poem ‘Autumn Journal’, he
115

Imagine That

25. Rote learning of Latin grammar was once nicknamed ‘the gerund
grind’. Part of the point is that the gerund (a form of a verb functioning
as a noun), is rarely found in Latin texts; but it is a star in grammar books
such as Kennedy’s Primer.

ironically reﬂects on how he himself was taught the languages, and on
the combination of the prestige of the subject with its stylized
artiﬁciality and rote-learning:
Which things being so, as we said when we studied
The classics, I ought to be glad
That I studied the classics at Marlborough and Merton,
Not everyone here having had
The privilege of learning a language
That is incontrovertibly dead,
And of carting a toy-box of hall-marked marmoreal phrases
Around in his head.

This is not a criticism of classical teaching made from the outside. It is
part of a debate within Classics on how the subject should be taught, as

Classics

well as (now) a representation of the subject by one of the most famous
poets of the twentieth century. As such, it helps us to see why Classics
must also include the study of Classics.

116

Chapter 10
‘Et in Arcadia Ego’

Where does ‘I’ come in?
In the centre of Virgil’s ‘Arcadian’ Eclogues is a poem in which two
herdsmen exchange songs to mark the death of the archetypal,
mythical singer, Daphnis, their inspiration. The second of these songs,
forming the second half of the poem, lifts Daphnis to the stars, where
he crosses the threshold of Mount Olympus to join the company of the
gods, and a new age of peace begins for an eternally thankful
countryside. The song promises praise, until time runs down. The ﬁrst
singer mourns the cruel passing of young Daphnis, commemorates his
teachings, and laments the devastation of the countryside. His dirge
ends, in the middle of Virgil’s poem, by organizing a tomb for Daphnis,
and an epitaph to be inscribed upon it. This tiny poem will be a song
included within the herdsman’s song, itself inscribed in the poem-song
of Virgil:
DAPHNIS EGO IN SILVIS HINC USQUE AD SIDERA NOTUS
FORMOSI PECORIS CUSTOS, FORMOSIOR IPSE.
I, DAPHNIS, WELL-KNOWN IN THE WOODLAND FROM HERE RIGHT TO
THE STARS
HERDSMAN OF A LOVELY FLOCK, AND LOVELIER STILL MYSELF.

In early seventeenth-century Rome, a humanist cardinal, later Pope
117

Clement IX, found inspiration in the proud fragility of this epitaph and
emulated the haunting incompleteness of its grammar in coining the
proverbial phrase that is the title of this chapter. et in arcadia ego
(the sequence of words runs literally: and/even in arcadia i) has
captured the imagination of artists and poets throughout western
culture ever since. Its story tells, as we shall see, of death and paradise. It
offers a classical image of our inclusion in, and exclusion from, the world
of the past. At the same time it is a classical image of the inclusion and
exclusion of the classical world in and from the Arcadian world it
displaced and forgot, then remembered, when it was virtually lost. Yes,
we want readers to wonder what this Latin tag is doing at the head of
this ﬁnal chapter.
In 1786 the classicizing writer and polymath Goethe (J. Wolfgang von
Goethe, then aged 37) left his position in the government of Weimar for

Classics

a two-year Grand Tour to Italy, where he went through an intense
experience of awakening, accompanied by a feverish burst of writing.
This experience and the surge in his life that followed his stay in Italy he
recounted in his Italian Travels, entitling one poignant chapter Auch ich in
Arkadien (a German rendering of the famous phrase). Now an
enthusiastic collector of classical objets and mementos, he poured out
streams of sensual Roman Elegies for the young mistress Christiane that
he found on his return, working, appropriately enough, in an artiﬁcial
ﬂower-factory. Goethe continued to play the part of the responsible
man of affairs, but his heart always lay aeons away from the round of
revolutionary and counter-revolutionary wars and princes in middle
Europe. In the course of his long life he went on to inspire the
Hellenizing strain of Romanticism that set young men off to rediscover
and swoon over the Greek landscape, its ruins and remains – among
them Byron, and Cockerell and his friends. Goethe signals his romantic
and nostalgic engagement with the classical world not least in that
chapter title.
A later version of such nostalgia turns up in the tradition of the
118

thoughtless young rake sowing his wild oats, only later to recollect his
lost youth in sentimental longing. The cardinal’s lapidary phrase carried
this idea into the twentieth century, for example, when the young
Oxford toffs of Evelyn Waugh’s Brideshead Revisited monkey around in
their rooms with a skull inscribed on its forehead, et in arcadia ego
(which is also the title of the novel’s ‘Book One’). They thought to mock
a stuffy cliché, but in the narrator Charles Ryder’s retrospect from
middle age the uncanny phrase turns out to mock them, for the cliché
they were living unawares. Put the circle of Lord Marchmain’s second
son, Sebastian Flyte, into the novel’s context in 1945 at the end of the
Second World War, and you will appreciate the Arcadian irony when
their aesthete friend Anthony B-B-Blanche recites to the young men

‘Et in Arcadia Ego’

27. Another Arcadia: the gilded youth of a bygone age
119

classic verses of despair taken from T. S. Eliot’s ‘The Waste Land’.
Everything had passed them by (see Fig. 27).

Look at me – a little Latin lesson
Many of the most famous explorations of et in arcadia ego have,
however, been in painting. The most famous of them all is the master
painter Nicolas Poussin’s Arcadian Shepherds, commissioned by the very
cardinal who had coined the phrase (see Fig. 28). Here a group of young
Arcadians gather round a tombstone, intently studying the words,
barely decipherable, inscribed upon it – apparently pointing out what
they can see to a majestic female ﬁgure standing beside them. But for
the moment we shall concentrate on a later painting, one that
introduced this particular genre to British art: a double portrait of Mrs
Bouverie and Mrs Crewe by Sir Joshua Reynolds painted in 1769

Classics

(see Fig. 29).

28. Reynolds’s portrait of Mrs Bouverie and Mrs Crewe (see Fig. 29) reworks the scheme of Poussin’s Arcadian Shepherds, in which a group of
Arcadian characters surround a tomb. Can they make anything of the
famous phrase: ET IN ARCADIA EGO?
120

Reynolds has one lady point questioningly to the inscription on a
tombstone, while the other ponders it in deep contemplation: et in

arcadia ego strikes again. This was one of Reynolds’s ﬁrst batch of
canvases as President of the Royal Academy (an institution that was his
brain-child and that had just been formally established in 1768, the idea
being to organize the artistic education of British High Society). The
story goes that he showed the picture to his friend Dr Johnson (from
1770 the Academy’s ﬁrst Professor of Ancient Literature), who was
puzzled, ﬁnding the phrase ‘nonsensical – I am in Arcadia’. What could
that mean? The artist retorted that King George III had instantly got the
idea the previous day: ‘Ay, ay’, he had exclaimed, ‘death is even in
Arcadia.’
This instructive anecdote shows us that the proverbial slogan is more
than just grammatically incomplete. Its meaning must be supplied,
121

‘Et in Arcadia Ego’

29. Et in Arcadia Ego: engraving of Reynolds’s portrait of Mrs Bouverie and
Mrs Crewe

whether by the one who recites it, by those who hear or read it, or by a
combination of both. On the one hand, there is the kind of joyous
enthusiasm which Goethe would proudly proclaim: in his version, he
took over the ‘I’ of the ego as referring to himself; he imagined a ﬁrstperson verb; and he produced the sense i too have been in arcadia – by
which he meant i too have been to paradise. This amounts to a romantic
nostalgia, placing memories of Arcadian bliss above the dejections of
the present. Dr Johnson, on the other hand, plays his given role of the
scholar-critic obsessed with words (he did, after all, produce the ﬁrst
systematic dictionary of the English language) and blind to pictorial
meaning. He can see none of the clues that led the king (destined to a
long dotage of senile dementia) at once to spot that there was someone
else to attach to the ego of the painting’s inscription.
The voice, as the king saw, comes from the tomb; so it must be Death

Classics

speaking: even in paradise am i. So there is no escape from death – even
in arcadia. This interpretation has the advantage of suiting the setting
of the inscription on the tomb. It also correctly construes the Latin
(supplying sum, i am). But the painting does not simply wish us to take
the meaning and run – with one more memento mori for our classical
collection. For one thing, we should also be remembering the dead
Daphnis of Virgil’s Eclogues when we look at this text, and
contemplating him as its ego. If the dead herdsman is saying even in
arcadia was i, then he must mean: even in arcadia, where i lived my life,
i met my death and now i am no more. (To supply fui, i am dead, is also
correct Latin.) Even the loveliest of shepherds, the loveliest of singers, is
mortal; and so must we all die.
Every reading of these four, apparently simple, words of Latin is
problematic. And that, in fact, is what the paintings tell us. For the
scenario invented by Poussin, and borrowed by Reynolds to inaugurate a
respectful and enquiring classicism in British culture, pours most of its
energy into framing the proverb with signals that writing is not
something we should take for granted. One of Reynolds’s ladies needs
122

the other to interpret the marks on the surface of the tomb: her
companion may understand all too well, or she may be stuck also – or
still be making up her mind. Whichever you choose, the difference
between the ﬁgures in the picture presses viewers to feel how the
difﬁculty of reading intervenes between us and the meaning of the
painting.
In order to know what is contained within the painting, its viewer must
recognize that the picture dramatizes the formula et in arcadia ego. In
order to know what is contained within the tomb, these painted ladies
must read its inscription – and, speciﬁcally, they must know some Latin.
But they must also know the genre of their painting. For they are playing
the roles of Poussin’s Arcadian shepherds, who point out the letters on
their tomb, to their own stately female onlooker. In Arcadia we scarcely
expect literate herdsmen; yet Arcadia is essentially the Virgilian
the poetic texts of the classical tradition. And among those texts, as we
saw at the start of this chapter, is the writing promised for Daphnis’
tomb.

Teaching teaching
The more we ﬁnd ourselves wondering how writing intersects between
our world and Arcadia, the more we shall ﬁnd that the very writing
which distances us from the dead past, also keeps it alive. Think for a
moment of the scholars who have between them done most to show
the twentieth century the complexities of the painterly genre of et in
arcadia ego. On the one hand, (Sir) Anthony Blunt, whose painstaking
work on the paintings of Poussin provides us with the detail through
which we can enter into the artistic imagining of Arcadias in the
seventeenth century, and since: perhaps the British art-historian of his
generation, Surveyor of the Queen’s Pictures, and all along, we now
know, nursing his secret identity as master-spy for the Soviet Union.
On the other hand, Erwin Panofsky, the cultural critic and pre-eminent
123

‘Et in Arcadia Ego’

‘elsewhere’ known to us – as to Reynolds’s ladies – from our reading of

art-historian of the United States, who was in the 1930s (like Hermann
Broch) given asylum there as a refugee from the Nazi persecution of the
Jews in Germany. One of Panofsky’s classic essays built on Blunt’s prewar research on Poussin to explore the whole story of et in arcadia ego,
from Virgil onwards.
Blunt received his classical education at school at Marlborough, a
contemporary and friend of Louis MacNeice. We have already noticed
the scathing sarcasm that MacNeice turned on his training there in the
Latin and Greek languages. The same irreverent streak led him to note
in his diary after a school visit to the British Museum, that he had been
to the Bassae Room and seen the ‘Phrigaleian’ marbles. Throughout his
career MacNeice’s poetry drew widely on classical themes, as well as
exploring the art-historical concerns he shared with Blunt into later life.
He addresses precisely the issues we are exploring in this chapter in

Classics

pieces such as the sardonic ‘Pindar is Dead’, where he sees this most
difﬁcult of Greek poets inevitably smothered by the sordid din of
modern life: ‘There are hikers on the roads | – Pindar is dead – | The
petrol pumps are doing a roaring business . . .’; the saccharine ‘Poussin’,
where the painter’s ‘clouds are like golden tea . . .’; and the ‘Eclogue by
a ﬁve-barred gate’, where Death tells two dumbfounded herdsmen,
‘There is no way here, shepherds, read the wooden sign, | Your road is a
blind road, all this land is mine . . .’
True, MacNeice deprecates his classical education, but when he
deplores the contemporary world in which he can ﬁnd no role for it, his
work also insists, with full and knowing irony, on damning that world as
barbaric and nasty for, exactly, having no place for the classical heritage.
He even puts this in terms which directly revive classical modes for
deploring the world. The poet ﬁnds modern culture littered with
classical ruins, fragments, and jumble. He knows, too, that he is
programmed to ﬁnd this; and he understands that the same is true for
every educated person in the West who knows that it is only the
backdrop of their cultural past that can provide a frame within which
124

they can situate and recognize themselves. Another version of the same
lesson is implicit in the sheer range of the knowledge employed in
Blunt’s and Panofsky’s investigations into et in arcadia ego.
Panofsky was brought up on Classics, too, in a German tradition still
more venerable than that of Blunt and MacNeice. He subtly portrays the
typical schoolteacher of his day as ‘a man of many shortcomings, now
pompous, now shy, often neglectful of his appearance, and blissfully
ignorant of juvenile psychology’. All he wants to say of the man who
taught him Latin is that he was a ﬁrst-rate specialist on the speeches of
Cicero; but Greek he was taught by a ‘lovable pedant’. Apologizing for
overlooking a misplaced comma in a passage from Plato the pupils were
translating, this teacher told his class of 15-year-olds: ‘It is my error and
yet I wrote an article on this very comma twenty years ago; now we
must do the translation over again.’ This story stayed alive in Panofsky’s

silliness – and then to sort out where we stand. And, more generally, the
story shows that teachers teach their pupils the way that they
themselves learn, whether the pupils choose to imitate, modify, or
reject the model. What pupils learn, we learn from Panofsky, is the
process of learning. Blunt, MacNeice, and Panofsky, in their very
different ways, were fully conscious of the complex and vital role that
their induction to Classics continued to play in their work and their
thinking.

Brief encounter
The study of Classics is never a post-mortem, however ‘dead’ anyone
may call the ancient languages and the cultures which spoke them. So
much of Western culture turns on centuries of exploration of the legacy
of the classical world that it lies somewhere at the roots of pretty well all
we can say, see, or think. et in arcadia ego is now, as you will have
realized, a motto for you to complete and situate in relation to yourself.
125

‘Et in Arcadia Ego’

mind; indeed he has made it a story about Panofsky. It tells us to sift
through and ﬁnd there scrupulous love of learning, as well as pedantic

Maybe it is a message of doom, maybe it’s a comfort; it might promise
you bliss, once you can say the words and mean them; or it may
encourage you to keep on thinking, about the life of the past in the
present, about the present living in its past. We hope these pages have
given some idea of how difﬁcult it is for Western Art, Literature, History,
Philosophy; and the rest of our cultural heritage, to speak to our lives

Classics

without, at the very least, A Very Short Introduction to Classics.

126

This page intentionally left blank

⊗
‘Herakles vs. Amazon Queen’ [1] is in the centre at
the left of the strip, immediately above the single
free column with its special ‘Corinthian style’
capital, confronting visitors to the temple as they
enter from our right.
[1]
‘Amazonomachy’, on the arrangement shown,
continues to our right of Herakles, on to the ﬁrst
slab on the long side wall; and, to Herakles’ left,
this theme takes up the whole of the other long
side wall.

THE FRIEZE FROM THE TEMPLE OF APOLLO
AT BASSAE
In this strip we have arranged outline drawings of sculpture which lined
the upper walls of the main chamber inside the Temple of Apollo at
Bassae. We follow the order presented in the Bassae Room of the British
Museum. Our discussion in Chapter 7 explains the signiﬁcance of this
frieze further.

‘Lapithocentauromachy’ occupies the rest of the long
side wall to the right of Herakles, as well as most of the
short side on the right of the strip, which ran above the
visitor’s head on entry, and was visible on exit from the
temple,
‘Apollo and Artemis’ [2] drive into action at our bottom
right, as if signalling us to start viewing along the long
side from bottom right to left. They also separate the
two scenarios: but at the opposite top left corner, the
myths simply abut. If Apollo seems ‘cornered’ in his
own shrine, remember that his great statue lurked in

[2]

the opposite corner of his inner chamber at ⊗, beyond
the frieze on the screen of columns.

The strip is after that in Brian C. Madigan, The Temple of Apollo Bassitas,
Volume II (Princeton, 1992), though his arrangement of the 23 slabs
(devised with Frederick A. Cooper) is very different. Their solution to the
‘jigsaw puzzle’ was tried out with the frieze at a special British Museum
Conference in 1991.

Timelines

c.800–500 bce

Early Greece

c.800–700

Homer’s Epics, Iliad and Odyssey
First temple of Zeus built at Olympia

c.776

First Olympic Games held

c.600–550

Sappho and Alcaeus’ lyrical poems

c.500–300 bce

Classical Greece

c.500–31 bce

Republican Rome

c.500–450

Persian Wars between Greeks and Persians

490

Greeks defeat Persians at Battle of Marathon

c.450–400

Period of radical Athenian Democracy
Tragic plays written by Aeschylus, Sophocles,
Euripides
Herodotus’ Histories
Parthenon built on Acropolis in Athens
Democritus’ Philosophy

c.430–400

Peloponnesian War between Athens and Sparta
Thucydides’ Histories
Aristophanes’ Comedies
Temple of Apollo Epikourios built at Bassae

399

Death of Socrates

c.380–350

Plato’s philosophical Dialogues at Academy
130

c.335–322

Aristotle’s philosophical works

336–323

Alexander the Great of Macedon’s empire stretches
from Greece to India

c.320–270

Menander’s Comedies
Epicurus’ Philosophy

c.200–150

Roman conquest of Greek world
Plautus’ Comedies
Polybius’ History of Rome

c.60–55

Catullus’ Love Poetry

44

The dictator Julius Caesar assassinated

43

Legalized murder of Cicero

Lucretius’ On the Nature of Things

c.40–35

Gallus’ Elegies
Virgil’s Eclogues
Varro’s On Farming
Reign of Augustus

31 bce–c.500 ce

Imperial Rome

31

Octavian’s defeat of Antony and Cleopatra

c.31–17 ce

Livy’s History of Rome

27–23

Augustus’ ‘restoration’ of the Republic (= his

23

Horace’s Odes

c.20

Vitruvius’ treatise On Architecture

Principate)

19

Death of Virgil, his unﬁnished Aeneid published

c.12

Horace’s Epistles II

c.1–17 ce

Ovid’s Metamorphoses and Fasti

100–20

Tacitus’ Historical Works
Juvenal’s Satires

122–8

Hadrian’s Wall built

c.160

Pausanias’ Guidebook to Greece

c.500–600

Collapse of Roman Empire in Western Europe

c.1300–1600

Renaissance
131

Timelines

31 bce–14 ce

c.1300–15

Dante Alighieri’s Italian epic, Divine Comedy

1502

Jacopo Sannazaro’s romantic poem, Arcadia

1592

Sir Philip Sidney’s sonnet sequence, Arcadia

1599

Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar ﬁrst performed

Seventeenth Century
1600–69

Life of Pope Clement IX (Papacy 1667–9)

1638–40

Nicolas Poussin’s Arcadian Shepherds painted

Eighteenth Century

Classics

1748

Pompeii rediscovered

1753

British Museum founded

1765

Bassae rediscovered by Joachim Bocher

1768

Joshua Reynolds sets up Royal Academy

1769

Reynolds’s Mrs Bouverie and Mrs Crewe painted

1770

Dr Johnson becomes Professor at Royal Academy

1768–88

Goethe’s Italian Travels; writes his Italian

1783

US Independence recognized

1789

French Revolution

Journey

1795

Goethe’s Roman Elegies

c.1750–1820

George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and
Founding Fathers establish USA

Nineteenth Century
c.1800–29

Napoleonic Wars and Greek War of Independence
from Turkey
Keats’s poetry
Byron’s poetry

1806

Edward Dodwell’s visit to Bassae

1811

Sculptures from temple of Aphaia on Aegina
excavated and taken to Munich
‘Elgin’ marbles taken from Parthenon to British
Museum
132

1811–15

C. R. Cockerell and friends excavate temple at
Bassae
Frieze taken to British Museum (welcomed by
Benjamin Haydon)

1829

Edgar Allan Poe’s poem ‘To Helen’

1847

B. H. Kennedy’s The Child’s Latin Primer ﬁrst
published

1848

Thomas de Quincey’s Modern Greece
Edward Lear visits Bassae

1859

Edward Lear’s The Temple of Apollo at Bassae
installed in Fitzwilliam Museum

1840–80

Karl Marx’s political works written and published

c.1870–80

Heinrich Schliemann’s excavations; discovers sites

1872–9

Friedrich Nietzsche elaborates philosophy and

1880

(General) Lew(is) Wallace’s novel, Ben-Hur. A Tale of

1890

J. G. Frazer visits Bassae

1898

J. G. Frazer’s Pausanias

of Troy and Mycenae
theory of Tragedy

1896–1909

Lewis Farnell’s Cults of the Greek States

c.1897–1939

Sigmund Freud’s psychoanalytic works

Twentieth Century
1910–15

J. G. Frazer’s Golden Bough published (twelve-

1922–43

Mussolini’s Fascist regime in Italy

1929

J. G. Frazer’s Fasti

1933

Erwin Panofsky to USA (refugee from Nazis)

1934

Claudette Colbert’s Cleopatra

volume edition)

H. D. Kitto’s In the Mountains of Greece
Robert Graves’s I, Claudius and Claudius the God
1936

Erwin Panofsky’s essay on Et in Arcadia Ego

1938

Anthony Blunt’s essay on Poussin’s Et in Arcadia Ego
133

Timelines

the Christ

c.1925–60

Louis MacNeice’s poetry
T. S. Eliot’s The Waste Land

1945

Hermann Broch’s Death of Virgil

1951

E. R. Dodds’s Greeks and the Irrational

Evelyn Waugh’s Brideshead Revisited
1954

Geoffrey Willans and Ronald Searle’s How to be Topp

1956

Mary Renault’s The Last of the Wine

1958

Willans and Searle’s Down with Skool!
Mary Renault’s The King Must Die

1959

Ben-Hur ﬁlm starring Charlton Heston

1962

Elizabeth Taylor stars in Cleopatra

Classics

Mary Renault’s The Bull from the Sea
1964

R. Goscinny and A. Uderzo’s Asterix the Gladiator

1972

Simon Raven’s Come Like Shadows

1980

Umberto Eco’s The Name of the Rose

1981

Charles Segal’s Tragedy and Civilisation

1987

Temple of Apollo at Bassae enclosed in a tent

1991

British Museum Conference tries out Frederick
A. Cooper and Brian C. Madigan’s reordering of
the Bassae frieze

1994

Fiona Pitt-Kethley’s The Pan Principle

1995

Classics: A Very Short Introduction published

134

References

Chapter 2
Thomas de Quincey, ‘Modern Greece’, Collected Works (2nd ed.,
Edinburgh, 1863), vol.13, 288; Byron, ‘John Keats, who was kill’d off by
one critique’: Don Juan, Canto XI, stanza LX; Byron, ‘But who, of all the
plunderers. . .’: Childe Harold’s Pilgrimage, Canto II, stanza XI; Horace
and Greek conquest: Epistles II.1, verse 156.
Chapter 3
H. D. F. Kitto, In the Mountains of Greece (London, 1933), 60, 92. Simon
Raven, Come Like Shadows (London, 1972), 180–3. Tour guides: Essential
Mainland Greece (Basingstoke, 1994); Thomas Cook’s Travellers’ Mainland
Greece, including Athens (Basingstoke, 1995); Visitor’s Guide. Greece
(Ashbourne, 1994); Greece. The Rough Guide (London, 1995). Virgil,
‘uarium et mutabile semper femina’, Aeneid, Book IV, line 569.
Chapter 4
Pausanias’ description of Bassae: Guidebook to Greece, Book VIII, chapter
41 §§ 7–8 – translated in J. G. Frazer, Pausanias’ Description of Greece
(London, 1898), i. 427–8; commentary, iv. 393–405. Descriptions of
plague: Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War, Book II, chapters
47–54; Lucretius, On the Nature of Things, Book VI, verses 1138–1286.
Gallus fragment: papyrus found at Qasr Ibrîm, 78–3–11/1, see R. D.
Anderson, Peter J. Parsons, and Robin G. M. Nisbet, ‘Elegiacs by Gallus
135

from Qasr Ibrîm’, in Journal of Roman Studies, 69 (1979), 125–55. Juvenal:
‘What street isn’t awash. . .’, Satire II, lines 8–13. Robert Graves, I,
Claudius, and Claudius the God (London, 1934). Umberto Eco, The Name
of the Rose (London, 1980).
Chapter 5
Transport estimates: M. I. Finley, The Ancient Economy (London, 1973), 126.
Varro, ‘instrumenti genus uocale’, On Farming, Book I, chapter 17, § 1.
Estimates of slaves: Paul Cartledge, The Greeks (Oxford, 1993), 135ff.;
P. A. Brunt, Italian Manpower (Oxford, 1971), 124ff.
Chapter 6
Tacitus, Britain shaped as ‘scapula’: Life of Agricola, chapter 10, § 3, ed.
R. M. Ogilvie and I. A. Richmond (Oxford, 1967), 168–70. Virgil, Aeneas,

Classics

and the golden bough, Aeneid, Book VI, lines 146–7.
Chapter 7
Reactions to the frieze: Edward Dodwell, A Classical and Topographical
Tour through Greece (London, 1819), 387; M. Robertson, A History of Greek
Art (Cambridge, 1975); Benjamin Robert Haydon, quoted by J. G. Frazer,
Pausanias’ Description of Greece (London, 1898), iv. 401.
Chapter 8
Charles Segal, description of Bassae, Tragedy and Civilisation. An
Interpretation of Sophocles (Harvard, 1981), 1. E. R. Dodds, The Greeks and
the Irrational (Berkeley, 1951). Aristotle’s analysis of tragedy, The Poetics.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War, Book II, chapters 63 and 62.
Mary Renault, The Last of the Wine (London, 1956). Plato’s Socrates on the
tyrant, The Republic, Book VIII, p. 565d. Edgar Allan Poe, ‘To Helen’, in
Collected Works (ed. T. O. Mabbott, Cambridge, Mass., 1969), I, 163–71.
Chapter 9
Herodotus, how Pan assisted the Athenians, Histories, Book VI, chapters
105–6; Lucian, later Greek version of story with details about Marathon,
136

On a Slip in a Greeting (Opus 65) § 3. Polybius, History, IV, chapters 20–1.
Louis MacNeice, ‘An Eclogue for Christmas’, in Collected Poems, ed. E. R.
Dodds (London, 1966), 33. Horace, Pan and his Arcadian haunts, Odes,
Book I, poem 17. Fiona Pitt-Kethley, The Pan Principle (London, 1994), 28.
Jacopo Sannazaro, Arcadia and Piscatorial Eclogues, trans. R. Nash
(Detroit, 1966). Sir Philip Sidney, The Countess of Pembroke’s Arcadia, ed.
Maurice Evans (Harmondsworth, 1977). Hermann Broch, The Death of
Virgil (New York, 1945). Lew Wallace, Ben-Hur. A Tale of the Christ
(London, 1880). Mary Renault, The King Must Die (London, 1958), The Bull
from the Sea (London, 1962). R. Goscinny and A. Uderzo, Asterix the
Gladiator (Paris, 1964; trans. Leicester, 1973). Geoffrey Willans and
Ronald Searle, Down with Skool! (London, 1958) and How to be Topp
(London, 1954). Louis MacNeice, ‘Autumn Journal, XIII’, in Collected
Poems, 125.
Chapter 10
Goethe, Römische Elegien (1795), Italienische Reisen (1816–17), see
Humphry Trevelyan, Goethe and the Greeks (Cambridge, 1981). Evelyn
Waugh, Brideshead Revisited (Harmondsworth, 1945), 43 and 34. T. S.
Eliot, The Waste Land (London, 1940). Nicolas Poussin, The Arcadian
Shepherds, illustrated in A. Blunt, Art and Architecture in France 1500–
1700 (Harmondsworth, 1953), pl. 131(B). Reynolds, Johnson, and George
III anecdote: C. R. Leslie and Tom Taylor, Life and Times of Sir Joshua
Reynolds (London, 1865), i. 325; retold by Erwin Panofsky, ‘ “Et in Arcadia
Ego”: Poussin and the Elegiac Tradition’, in Meaning in the Visual Arts
(New York, 1955), 295–320. Anthony Blunt, ‘Poussin’s “Et in Arcadia
Ego” ’, in Art Bulletin, 20 (1938), 96ff. Louis MacNeice, ‘Pindar is Dead’,
‘Poussin’, ‘Eclogue by a ﬁve-barred gate (Death and Two Shepherds)’, in
Collected Poems, 79, 4, and 37.

137

References

Virgil, epitaph for Daphnis, Eclogue V, verses 43–4. J. Wolfgang von

Further Reading

Chapter 1
British Museum: Ian Jenkins, Archaeologists and Aesthetes: In the
Sculpture Galleries of the British Museum 1800–1939 (London, 1992);
Lucilla Burn, The British Museum Book of Greek and Roman Art (London,
1991).
Heritage: Graeme W. Clarke (ed.), Rediscovering Hellenism (Cambridge,
1989); Carol G. Thomas (ed.), Paths from Ancient Greece (Leiden, 1988);
Alain Schnapp, The Discovery of the Past: The Origins of Archaeology
(London, 1996).
Chapter 2
Rediscovery: Fani-Maria Tsigakou, The Rediscovery of Greece. Travellers
and Painters of the Romantic Era (London, 1981); Roland and Françoise
Etienne, The Search for Ancient Greece (London, 1992); Claude Moatti,
The Search for Ancient Rome (London, 1993); Robert Etienne, Pompeii.
The Day a City Died (London, 1992).
Keats: Martin Aske, Keats and Hellenism (Cambridge, 1985).
Chapter 3
Tourism: Robert Eisner, Travelers to an Antique Land. The History and
Literature of Travel to Greece (Michigan, 1991); Helen AngelomatisTsougarakis, The Eve of the Greek Revival. British Travellers’ Perceptions
of Early Nineteenth-Century Greece (London, 1990); S. Zinovieff,
138

‘Hunters and Hunted: Kamaki and the Ambiguities of Predation in a
Greek Town’, in Peter Loizos and Evthumios Papataxiarchis (eds.),
Contested Identities: Gender and Kinship in Modern Greece (Princeton,
1993).
The Other: Edith Hall, Inventing the Barbarian (Oxford, 1989).
Multiculturalism: G. Karl Galinsky, Classical and Modern Interactions
(Texas, 1993).
Gender: David M. Halperin, John J. Winkler, Froma I. Zeitlin (eds.), Before
Sexuality, The Construction of Erotic Experience in the Ancient Greek
World (Princeton, 1990); A. Richlin (ed.), Pornography and
Representation in Greece and Rome (Oxford, 1992); Robert Aldrich, The
Seduction of the Mediterranean. Writing, Art and Homosexual Fantasy
(London, 1993); Nancy S. Rabinowitz and Amy Richlin (eds.), Feminist
Theory and the Classics (London, 1993).

Pausanias: Jas Elsner, Art and the Roman Viewer (Cambridge, 1995),
chapter 4.
Ancient Texts: L. D. Reynolds and N. G. Wilson, Scribes and Scholars:
A Guide to the Transmission of Greek and Latin Literature (Oxford,
1991).
Schliemann: William M. Calder and David A. Traill (eds.), Myth, Scandal,
and History: The Heinrich Schliemann Controversy (Detroit, 1986).
Chapter 5
Slavery: Keith Bradley, Slavery and Society at Rome (Cambridge, 1994).
Field Survey: Susan E. Alcock, Graecia Capta (Cambridge, 1993).
Archaeology: Ian Morris (ed.), Classical Greece. Ancient Histories and
Modern Archaeologies (Cambridge, 1994).
History: Paul Cartledge (ed.), The Cambridge Illustrated History of Ancient
Greece (Cambridge, 1998).
Chapter 6
Classical Editions: E. J. Kenney, The Classical Text (Berkeley, 1974).
139

Further Reading

Chapter 4

Shakespeare: Charles and Michelle Martindale, Shakespeare and the Uses
of Antiquity (London, 1994).
Renaissance: Isabel Rivers, Classical and Christian Ideas in English
Renaissance Poetry (London, 1994).
J. G. Frazer: Robert Fraser, The Making of the Golden Bough: The Origins
and Growth of an Argument (Basingstoke, 1990).
Freud: S. Freud, Art and Literature (Harmondsworth, 1985).
Politics: George E. McCarthy (ed.), Dialectics and Decadence. Echoes of
Antiquity in Marx and Nietzsche (London, 1994).
Chapter 7
Bassae: Charles R. Cockerell, The Temples of Jupiter Panhellenius at
Aegina, and of Apollo Epicurius at Bassae near Phigaleia in Arcadia
(London, 1860).
Temples and Religion: Louise Bruit Zaidman and Pauline Schmitt

Classics

Pantel, Religion in the Ancient Greek City (Cambridge, 1992); Pat E.
Easterling and John V. Muir (eds.), Greek Religion and Society
(Cambridge, 1985); Ken Dowden, Religion and the Romans (Bristol,
1992).
Myth: Richard L. Gordon (ed.), Myth, Religion and Society (Cambridge,
1981); Richard Buxton, Imaginary Greece (Cambridge, 1994); J.-P.
Vernant, Mortals and Immortals (Princeton, 1991).
Art: Robert M. Cook, Greek Art (Harmondsworth, 1972); Paul Zanker, The
Power of Images in the Age of Augustus (Ann Arbor, 1988).
Chapter 8
Thomas Jefferson and George Washington: see Carl J. Richard, The
Founders and the Classics. Greece, Rome, and the American
Enlightenment (Harvard, 1994), 54 and 71ff.
Tragedy: Simon Goldhill, Reading Greek Tragedy (Cambridge, 1986).
Socrates: Barry S. Gower and Michael C. Stokes (eds.), Socratic Questions.
The Philosophy of Socrates and its Signiﬁcance (London, 1992).
Aristotle: G. E. R. Lloyd, Aristotle: The Growth and Structure of his Thought
(Cambridge, 1969).
140

History: Paul Cartledge, The Greeks (Oxford, 1993); Fergus Millar and Erich
Segal (eds.), Caesar Augustus. Seven Aspects (Oxford, 1984).
Gladiators: Carlin A. Barton, The Sorrows of the Ancient Romans. The
Gladiator and the Monster (Princeton, 1993).
Fascism: Alec Scobie, Hitler’s State Architecture: The Impact of Classical
Antiquity (Pennsylvania, 1990).
America: William L. Vance, America’s Rome (New Haven, 1989); Eric
Havelock, ‘Plato and the American Constitution’, Harvard Studies in
Classical Philology, 93 (1990), 1ff.
Chapter 9
Olympic Games: M. I. Finley and H. W. Pleket, The Olympic Games. The
First Thousand Years (Edinburgh, 1976).
Pan: Philippe Borgeaud, The Cult of Pan in Ancient Greece (Chicago, 1988).
Arcadias: T. G. Rosenmeyer, The Green Cabinet. Theocritus and the

(Berkeley, 1979); Viktor Pöschl, The Art of Virgil. Image and Symbol in
the Aeneid (Michigan, 1970).
Late Antiquity: Gillian Clark, Women in Late Antiquity. Pagan and Christian
Lifestyles (Oxford, 1993).
Film and Fiction: William Golding, The Double Tongue (London, 1995); D.
Mayer, Playing Out the Empire. Ben-Hur and Other Toga Plays and Films
(Oxford, 1994); Maria Wyke, Projecting the Past: Ancient Rome, Cinema,
and History (London,1997); Mary Hamer, Signs of Cleopatra: History,
Politics, Representation (London, 1993). Lindsey Davis, The Silver Pigs
(London, 1989) and her other Falco mysteries.
Education: Christopher Stray, Classics Transformed: Schools, Universities,
and Society in England, 1830–1960 (Oxford, 1991).
MacNeice: Jon Stallworthy, Louis MacNeice (London, 1995).
Chapter 10
Neo-Classicism: David Irwin, NeoClassicism (London, 1997).
Pastoral: William Empson, Some Versions of Pastoral (London, 1950).
141

Further Reading

European Pastoral Lyric (California, 1969).
Virgil: Paul Alpers, The Singer of the Eclogues. A Study of Virgilian Pastoral

Classics and Classicists: Mary Beard, The Invention of Jane Harrison
(Cambridge, Mass., 2000); E. R. Dodds, Missing Persons, An
Autobiography (Oxford, 1977); K. J. Dover, Marginal Comment (London,
1994); Richard Jenkins, The Victorians and Ancient Greece (Oxford,

Classics

1980); Jon Stallworthy, Louis MacNeice (London, 1995).

142

Index

Blunt, Anthony 123–4
British Museum 22, 80, 87
Bassae Room 1–6
Broch, Hermann 108, 124
Byron, Lord George 9, 10, 11,
18–19

A
Academy (Plato) 7
Amazons 81–5
Apollo Epikourios, Temple of see
Bassae (Temple of Apollo)
Arcadia 56, 77, 89, 102–8,
117–23
archaeology 44, 55–9
Aristotle 43, 94
Ashmolean Museum, Oxford
34
Asterix cartoon-strips 110, 112
Athens:
ancient 16, 37, 93–5
nineteenth century 9, 11, 13,
17
Augustus, Emperor 20, 99, 107

C
Christianity 109–11
Cicero 99
Cleopatra 108, 110
Cockerell, C. R. 11, 12, 13–14, 19
on ancient craftsmen 50, 51
on Bassae frieze 87
and Pausanias 38, 44–5
Corinthian capitals 21, 79

D
Dante 70, 109
democracy 16, 54, 93, 100
Dionysus, god 92
Dodds, E. R. 90–1, 115
Dodwell, Edward 86

B
Bassae (Temple of Apollo):
Cockerell and 11, 12, 13–14, 19,
87
Corinthian columns at 21, 79
frieze at 72, 79–87, 128–9
Lear and 34–5
Pausanias on 36–40, 44, 45–7,
58–9, 72–3, 76
reconstruction of 72–89
slavery and 53–4
Sophocles’ description of
89–90
tourism at 24–34
Ben-Hur 109–10

E
Eco, Umberto 43
education, Classics in 111–16
Elgin, Lord 11, 18
Elgin Marbles 18, 29
erotics 105

F
fascism 100, 108
Fauvel, Louis–Sebastien 9, 22, 86
feminism 32
143

Lear, Edward 34–5
literature, classical 36–48, 60–71,
102–8
Lucretius 37, 41
Ludwig, Prince of Bavaria 11, 21–2

ﬁeld surveys 56–8
Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge
34
Foster, John 11
Frazer, Sir James 64–70, 86, 90
Freud, Sigmund 68

M

G

MacNeice, Louis 104, 114, 124–5
Marathon (Olympic Games) 103
Marx, Karl 63
Menander 41
multi-culturalism 31
museums 7
Ashmolean Museum 34
British Museum 1–6, 22, 77, 85
Fitzwilliam Museum 34
mythology 4, 67–9, 77–81,
102–9

Gallus, Cornelius 41–3
Goethe, J. Wolfgang von 118, 122
Golden Bough (Frazer) 65–6, 90
Grand Tour 13–14, 28
Graves, Robert 43
Greece, rediscovery of 15–20
Greek language 59–61, 111–16

Classics

H
Hadrian’s Wall 24
Haydon, Benjamin 86
Herakles (Hercules) 81–4, 108
Herodotus 46, 94, 102
Horace 20, 53, 101

N
narcissism 68
Neitzsche, Friedrich 69

J

O

Jefferson, Thomas 99–100
Jesus of Nazareth 109
Julius Caesar 46
Juvenal 44

Oedipus 68, 92
Ovid 67, 84

P

K

Pan 102–5
Panofsky, Erwin 123, 124, 125
Pausanias 36–40, 44, 45–7, 58–9
Frazer’s translation of 64–7,
69–70
Phigaleia 36, 57–8
philosophy 7, 63–4, 95–7

Keats, John 17–18, 63
Kennedy, B. H. 114–15
Kitto, H. D. F. 24

L
Latin 60–2, 97, 113–16
144

Schleimann, Heinrich 44
sexual politics 32
Shakespeare, William 63
Sidney, Sir Philip 106–7
slavery 52–4
Socrates 95–7
Sophocles 68, 89, 91–2
Sparta 94, 102

Pitt-Kethley, Fiona 104–5
Plato 7, 69–70, 95–7
platonic love 69
Plutarch 63
Poe, Edgar Allan 98
poetry metres 80
politics 97–101
Polybius 46, 103
Pompeii 55–6
Poussin, Nicolas 120, 122–3

T
Tacitus 61, 99
temples 72–80
Thucydides 37, 45, 94
tourism 24–34, 36–40
Grand Tourists 13–14, 28
tragedies, Greek 67, 92–3
transportation of materials 51–2

R

V
Virgil:
Aeneid 32, 66, 107–9
Eclogues 66–7, 103–4, 107,
117
Vitruvius 14, 21

S

W

Sannozaro, Jacopo 106–7
Sappho 105

Waugh, Evelyn 119

145

Index

Raven, Simon 25
Renault, Mary 96, 110
Reynolds, Joshua 120–3
Rome:
Arcadia and 103, 107–8
and conquered territories
58–9
and Greece 20–1, 39–40,
47–8, 56
in nineteenth century 19
Republic of 97–100

