A. C. Grayling

WITTGENSTEIN
A Very Short Introduction
OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS

OXFORD
UNIVERSITY PRESS
Great Clarendon Street, Oxford ox2 6dp
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It
furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in Oxford New York
Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai Dar es Salaam Delhi
Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne
Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi São Paulo Shanghai Taipei Tokyo Toronto
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press in the UK
and in certain other countries
Published in the United States by Oxford University Press Inc., New
York
© A. C. Grayling 1988, 1996
The moral rights of the author have been asserted Database right Oxford
University Press (maker)
First published as an Oxford University Press paperback 1988 Reissued
1996 First published as a Very Short Introduction 2001
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored
in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press, or as
expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover and you
must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloging in Publication Data Data available
Librarty of Congress Cataloguing in Publication Data Data available
ISBN 0-19-285411-9
5 7 9 10 8 6
Typeset by RefineCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Preface

In this brief account of Wittgenstein I aim to do two things. The first is to make
clear, for a non-specialist readership, the main outline of Wittgenstein's thought.
The second is to describe the place of his thought in twentieth-century analytic
philosophy.
Neither of these aims is easy to fulfill in the confines of a short book. There are
a number of reasons for this. The main one is that Wittgenstein's writings are
numerous, complicated, and obscure. As a result they invite competing
interpretations, and have received many. Full justice to Wittgenstein would
require a detailed and therefore lengthy examination of his own writings, together
with some account of the voluminous literature which has grown around his
work. Nothing of the kind can be offered here. My aims, therefore, are modestly
conceived. By 'outline( I mean just that; and I assume no prior knowledge of
philosophy on the reader's part.
Followers of Wittgenstein argue that it is a mistake to attempt short introductory
sketches of his views. One of Wittgenstein's chief disciples, Norman Malcolm,
has written: 'An attempt to summarise [Wittgenstein's work] would be neither
successful nor useful. Wittgenstein compressed his thoughts to the point where
further compression is impossible. What is needed is that they be unfolded and
the connections between them traced out.( Wittgenstein's followers

vii

add as a further reason the fact that summaries of philosophical views tend
naturally to take the form of a systematic account, in the sense of an orderly
setting-out of theses point by point, whereas Wittgenstein in his later philosophy
expressed an aversion to systematic philosophizing and refused to engage in it.
Therefore, brief sketches of Wittgenstein's views, his followers say, seriously
misrepresent not just their content but their intention.
I am not convinced by these points. Wittgenstein's writings seem to me not only
summarizable but in positive need of summary, especially now that they run to a
large number of posthumously published volumes containing much overlap and
repetition. Nor is it true that Wittgenstein's writings contain no systematically
expressible theories, for indeed they do. It is the difference between what
Wittgenstein says and the way he says it that is relevant here; the fact that his
later writings are unsystematic in style does not mean that they are unsystematic
in content. In both his $early% and $late% work, Wittgenstein puts forward certain
key theses, with relations of logical dependence between them, which can be
discerned, stated, and explained just as with any philosophical theory. This &
briefly and in an introductory way & is what I set out to do here.
The wide latitude for competing interpretations of Wittgenstein nevertheless
creates problems. Every commentator tries to give as accurate an account as he
can, only to find himself charged with distorting Wittgenstein's views by those
who have a different response to them. This might, dismayingly, seem to
suggest that there will never be a consensus about what Wittgenstein meant. I
do not, however, think such pessimism warranted, for it seems to me that the
literature on Wittgenstein already contains substantial agreement about which
themes are most central to his work. This is not to deny that difficulties remain;
but it does mean that one can identify with some confidence the aspects of
Wittgenstein's work which should be discussed in an introduction like this. Like
anyone writing about Wittgenstein, however,

viii

I must, to be properly cautious, add that the views I attribute to him are what I
interpret those views to be; the qualification as I read him, Wittgenstein means
 should therefore be understood throughout.
The second of the two aims mentioned above is less difficult to attain. It is to
situate Wittgenstein's work in twentieth-century analytic philosophy. This is a
narrow aim, for it is not at all the same thing as situating his work in twentiethcentury thought in general. To relate Wittgenstein's ideas to currents in literature
and art, or to speculate whether, say, his early work is modernist and his late
work postmodernist, or to search for the wellsprings of his philosophy in the
intellectual ferment of pre-1914 Vienna ( this is not the task I set myself in what
follows. Such a task would be interesting and in many ways valuable, but here I
fasten upon what is immediately relevant only. Wittgenstein's work, considered
strictly in its philosophical aspects, is in general taken to belong to the
mainstream of recent and contemporary analytic philosophy. It is in this setting
that I discuss it.
It should, however, be mentioned that Wittgenstein's name, and occasionally one
or other of his ideas, also appears in writings on anthropology, theology, literary
theory, and other subjects. Philosophers in continental Europe, whose recent
traditions of thought are rather different from those in the English-speaking
analytic tradition, have likewise come to pay attention to Wittgenstein's work. A
detailed study might take these wider considerations into account. But here, as
remarked, I concentrate on Wittgenstein's thought in its primary setting. Judging
whether any value attaches to the use made of it in these other spheres in any
case depends on first understanding the ideas themselves. Nevertheless, here
and there I point out connections with other fields; this happens mainly in
discussion of Wittgenstein's later views.
Exposition and explanation take more room than criticism in what follows. This is
because space is limited and my primary task is to make

ix

the main aspects of Wittgenstein's thought accessible to nonphilosophers. It is,
however, part of such a proceeding to indicate what critical responses have been
evoked by a thinker's views, and to provide some indication of the degree to
which those views are persuasive or otherwise, and why. Accordingly, I make
some brief and untechnical forays in this direction.
In discussing the relation between Wittgenstein's work and other twentiethcentury analytic philosophy I offer minor revisions to the standard view, my
suggestion being that Wittgenstein's place in recent philosophy  in terms of his
actual effect upon its content and direction  is not quite what it is usually said to
be.
Introductory books should encourage their readers to investigate at first hand the
subjects with which they deal. In some cases, however, it is simply too ambitious
to expect non-specialist readers to do this without first acquiring a substantial
minimum of background knowledge. Wittgenstein is such a case. Despite claims
by his followers to the contrary, he is very much a philosopher's philosopher. His
writings, like those of Aristotle, Kant, and certain others, cannot be read with
profit by someone who does not have at least a modest grounding in philosophy,
for their point would be wholly obscure to someone who did not recognize what
was being argued for and against. Since this account assumes no philosophical
training on the reader's part, I have tried to make it self-contained; the aim is to
give a sketch of Wittgenstein's thought which will be informative even to
someone who is not, and does not intend to become, a student of philosophy in
any systematic sense. Nevertheless, if what follows succeeds in prompting some
of its readers to tackle Wittgenstein's own writings, and to do so with greater
understanding, that will be a major gain.
My thanks go to Anthony Kenny, Anthony Quinton, Jim Hopkins, Dan Rashid,
Henry Hardy, and Keith Thomas for reading the entire manuscript and making
valuable comments and criticisms; and to

x

Carolyn Wilde and Norman Malcolm for helpful discussion of certain points in the
Investigations. The usual constraints and exigencies dictated the outcome, but
these advisers ameliorated it, and I am grateful to them.
This is dedicated to Jenny !Invenio sine vertice aquas, sine murmure euntes,
perspicuas ad humurn."

xi

Contents

1
2
3
4

Note on references
xiv
List of illustrations
xv
Life and character
1
The early philosophy
16
The later philosophy
73
Wittgenstein and recent philosophy
Further reading
135
Index
139

xiii

126

Note on references
The most frequent references to Wittgenstein's works are effected by the
following abbreviations:
B The Blue and Brown Books
C On Certainty
P Philosophical Investigations
R Remarks on the Foundation of Mathematics
T Tractatus Logico-Philsophicus
Z Zettel
Numbers following these abbreviations refer to paragraphs, except in the case of
B, for which page numbers are given. All other references are explained in the
section on further reading.

xiv

List of illustrations
1.Wittgenstein and his family 3

4.Wittgenstein's truth tables 32

Wittgenstein Archive, Cambridge

From Protractatus, an early version of
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus by
Wittgenstein

2.Wittgenstein kite-flying 5

Wittgenstein Archive, Cambridge

5.Wittgenstein near the end of

3.Wittgenstein in Swansea 13

his life 74

Photo: Ben Richards. Wittgenstein
Archive, Cambridge

Professor K. E. Tranøj. Wittgenstein
Archive, Cambridge

xv

Chapter 1
Life and character

Ludwig Wittgenstein was a philosopher. Philosophy in the twentieth century has
become a pursuit for specialists, and accordingly most philosophers who have
recently acquired reputations are famous only among their fellows. Wittgenstein,
however, is famous far beyond the boundaries of philosophy. Among nonphilosophers his name is mentioned surprisingly often and in a surprising variety
of connections. It seems that by many he is regarded as quintessentially
representative of twentieth-century philosophy, as if he exemplifies ! not just in
his work but in his personality ! what philosophy itself is like: difficult and
profound. Perhaps for this reason his writings are plundered for aphorisms. They
lend themselves to that treatment because of their style and structure, and
because they seem to distil something of wisdom.
The layman's estimation of Wittgenstein derives from the fact that many
contemporary philosophers think he is the twentieth century's greatest thinker.
Whether or not that is true remains for history to decide; the judgement of peers
is not infallible. Whatever the decision is, however, it will not alter the fact that
Wittgenstein's life and thought were, at the very least, extraordinary.
Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein was born in Vienna on 26 April 1889, the
youngest in a family of eight children. His father was an industrialist,

1

and one of the richest men in Austria; the Wittgensteins' home was a centre of
Viennese social and cultural life.
Wealth and culture had characterized both sides of Wittgenstein's family for
several generations. His paternal grandfather was a wealthy Jewish woolmerchant from Hesse who had converted to Protestant Christianity and married
the daughter of a Viennese banker. Soon afterwards he transferred his business
headquarters to Vienna, where he and his wife established themselves as
patrons of the arts. They gave their son Karl, Ludwig Wittgenstein's father, an
expensive classical education, but Karl rebelled and at the age of 17 ran away to
America, where for two years he lived by working as a waiter and giving violin
and German lessons. On his return to Vienna he studied engineering. Within
decades he had added a fortune to his inheritance by successful involvement in
the iron and steel industry, establishing himself as one of the foremost
industrialists of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He was able to retire in his early
fifties, and devoted part of his time thereafter to publishing articles on economics
in the Viennese press.
It was Wittgenstein's mother Leopoldine who did most to encourage the family's
cultural and musical activities. She too was a banker's daughter, with
connections among the Styrian landed gentry. Her musical interests were
particularly strong. At her invitation Brahms and Mahler were regular visitors to
the house, and with her encouragement Wittgenstein's brother Paul became a
concert pianist. Ravel and Strauss were among those who wrote one-handed
concertos for Paul after his loss of an arm in the 1914618 war. Wittgenstein
himself was gifted with a fine musical sensibility. In adult life he taught himself to
play the clarinet, but his most striking musical talent was the ability to whistle
entire scores from memory.
Leopoldine Wittgenstein was a Roman Catholic and Wittgenstein was therefore
brought up in that persuasion. Religion remained a powerful theme throughout
his life; on several occasions he seriously
2

3

contemplated becoming a monk. His religious sentiments were unorthodox,
however, and he kept their exact nature a secret. Hints of them appear in his
writings.
Perhaps because of his own experiences Karl Wittgenstein's views on education
were idiosyncratic. He had all his children taught at home, to a curriculum of his
own devising, until they were 14 years old. The plan was not a success. When
the time came for Wittgenstein to attend school he could not get into a
Gymnasium (the equivalent of a grammar school) or even a Realschule (the
equivalent of a secondary modern) in Vienna, because he had not attained the
required standard. Eventually he passed the entrance examinations for a
provincial Realschule, in Linz, where his exact contemporary Adolf Hitler was
also a pupil. He spent three unhappy years there, leaving in 1906 without the
qualifications for university entrance. This was a setback because he had
conceived an ambition to study physics with Boltzmann in Vienna. However, he
had always shown an aptitude for engineering, his father's profession; it is said
that he demonstrated this in childhood by constructing a working model of a
sewing-machine. His parents accordingly sent him to a technical college in
Berlin-Charlottenburg.
Wittgenstein was not happy there either and left after three terms. He had,
however, developed an interest in aeronautical engineering, then the newest
branch of his prospective profession. He went to England in 1908 and spent the
summer flying experimental kites at the Upper Atmosphere Research Station
near Glossop in Derbyshire. In the autumn he entered as a student of
aeronautical engineering at Manchester University.
Wittgenstein remained on the register at Manchester for two years, although for
most of that time he was in Europe. By the end of his stay he was working on
the design of a propeller with jet-reaction nozzles at the tips of its blades. He
became intrigued by the mathematics of the design, then by mathematics itself,
and finally by philosophical
4

5

questions about the foundations of mathematics. He asked acquaintances what
he could read on this subject, and was directed to Bertrand Russell's Principles
of Mathematics. The impact of this book on Wittgenstein was great. Hitherto his
philosophical reading had been limited; he had read some of Schopenhauer's
work but little besides. Russell's book introduced him to the latest developments
in logic and philosophy, developments for which Russell himself and Gottlob
Frege were responsible. Wittgenstein was excited by these ideas and decided to
study them. In 1911 he contacted Frege at Jena University to show him an
essay he had written and to seek his guidance. Frege advised him to study with
Russell at Cambridge. Early in 1912, accordingly, Wittgenstein arrived in
Cambridge and registered as a student.
Wittgenstein spent a mere five terms at Cambridge. Nevertheless it was an
immensely formative time for him. He discussed logic and philosophy with
Russell, who in a letter written at the time said of him 0[he is] the ablest person I
have come across since Moore4. The relationship between Wittgenstein and
Russell quickly ceased to be that of pupil and teacher, and although
Wittgenstein's friend David Pinsent remarked in his diary 0it is obvious that
Wittgenstein is one of Russell's disciples and owes enormously to him4, the
influence was not all onesided, as we shall later see.
Travel interested Wittgenstein greatly. In 1913, with Pinsent, he visited first
Iceland and then Norway. He was attracted by Norway and returned later in
1913 on his own. In a remote corner of a farm near Skjolden he built himself a
hut, and remained there, apart from a short visit to Vienna for Christmas, until
the summer of 1914. He devoted his time to research in logic. G. E. Moore came
on a visit, and while there, took notes of some of Wittgenstein's work. This work
represented the earliest phase of progress towards Wittgenstein's first book, the
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.
When war broke out in 1914 Wittgenstein was at home in Vienna.

6

Within a few days he had enlisted in the Imperial Army. For most of the next two
years he served as a mechanic with an artillery workshop unit on the Eastern
Front, first in Cracow and then near Lwow. In 1916 he was sent to Olmütz for
officer training. While there he met Paul Engelmann, and they discussed religion
together; Engelmann subsequently published a record of their friendship which
shows how much significance religious questions had for Wittgenstein at that
time.
Wittgenstein rejoined his regiment in 1917 and served as an artillery observer.
Early in 1918 he was posted to a mountain artillery regiment in the Tyrol on the
southern front. When in November the AustroHungarian war effort collapsed,
most of the Imperial Army in the south, Wittgenstein included, was taken into
captivity by the Italians. Wittgenstein remained a prisoner near Monte Cassino
until the later part of 1919.
The war had a significant effect on Wittgenstein in at least two ways. One was
that it caused in him a profound change of personal outlook, particularly in
connection with possessions and manner of life. Before the war he had been left
a substantial fortune by his father. Prior to that he had lived as one might expect
a generous millionaire's son to live. For example, it is reported that when one
day he missed a train from Manchester to Liverpool he promptly set about trying
to hire a private train, at that time something one could do if rich enough. Again,
Pinsent records that on their trip to Iceland (for which Wittgenstein paid) they
travelled so royally and with such a long train of attendants that they attracted
the sardonic notice of other tourists. And it seems that before the war
Wittgenstein was scrupulous in his choice of neckties. All this changed.
Wittgenstein gave the whole of his fortune to his siblings 6 he took the view that
since they were already rich more money would not corrupt them 6 and
thenceforth lived with complete simplicity and lack of ornament, among other
things rarely, if ever again, wearing a necktie.

7

The reasons for the change are not wholly clear. Possibly they relate to the fact
that on the eastern front, at some time during the first half of 1915, Wittgenstein
acquired and read Tolstoy's account of the Gospels, The Gospels in Brief, and
was profoundly moved by it. (It seems that later, when he read the Gospels
themselves and found them to be somewhat different, he had to be persuaded of
their superiority over the Tolstoy version.) Also it may have been that the
austerity and simplicity of army life proved congenial to him; he had shown
traces of ascetic inclination before the war, as his Norwegian solitude suggests,
and the experience of army ways may have confirmed that predilection. In any
case, Wittgenstein's letters and recorded conversations show that he had a dark
sense of what he took to be his own sinfulness, perhaps because of his
homosexuality, and in consequence he was given to selfmortification. Whatever
the reasons, when Wittgenstein left the prisoner-of-war camp in 1919 he had
recognizably become the unusual, even eccentric, often prickly individual whose
later years are so well described by the chief memoirists.
The second matter of significance was that when Wittgenstein was taken
prisoner, he had in his big knapsack the manuscript of his book, the LogischePhilosophische Abhandlung, known to its English-language readers as the
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus (a name suggested for it by Moore in imitation of
Spinoza's Tractatus TheologicoPoliticus). Wittgenstein had been working on it
throughout the war years, and it came to completion in the Monte Cassino camp,
where by good fortune he met someone interested in logic with whom he could
discuss his ideas.
During the early part of 1919, Wittgenstein managed to send letters to Russell
from Italy, telling him of the Tractatus's existence and even, through the
influence of John Maynard Keynes, getting a copy of the manuscript to him. After
his release Wittgenstein made a number of attempts to have the book published,
all unsuccessful. In despair he left the matter to Russell, who eventually
arranged publication by agreeing

8

to contribute an introduction. The Tractatus appeared in German in 1921 and in
English translation in 1922. When Wittgenstein saw Russell's introduction he was
angry, complaining that even though he and Russell had discussed the book line
by line at a meeting in Holland in late 1919, Russell had misunderstood his
views and misrepresented them.
The Tractatus was the only philosophical book Wittgenstein published in his
lifetime. When it was finished he thought he had solved all the problems of
philosophy, and consistently with that view gave up philosophical work and
turned his attention elsewhere. He had decided while imprisoned to become a
schoolteacher, and quickly put this decision into effect. He took a one-year
course in primary school teaching, graduating in July 1920. That autumn he
commenced as schoolmaster in Trattenbach, a village in the hills south of
Vienna. He spent two increasingly unhappy years there before transferring to
Puchberg-am-Schneeberg. Here, as at his first post, friction arose between
Wittgenstein and some of the parents of his pupils, and within two years he
transferred again, this time to Otterthal. While there he wrote and published a
pronouncing dictionary for use in primary schools. Yet again trouble arose with
parents; it seems that Wittgenstein's temper and the alleged severity of his
disciplinary methods caused complaints. In April 1926, before official action could
be taken over the complaints, Wittgenstein resigned and returned to Vienna.
The failure of his schoolmastering career depressed Wittgenstein intensely. He
took a job as a gardener at a monastery in Hütteldorf outside Vienna, and for the
third time contemplated becoming a monk (the first was just before the Great
War, the second after his release from prison camp). He went so far as to make
enquiries about joining an order; at the interview he was advised that his motives
for wishing to become a monk were inappropriate ones, and that he would not
find in monastic life what he sought.

9

From this despairing state Wittgenstein was rescued by two developments. One
was that he became increasingly involved in the design and construction of a
house for one of his sisters. At first he worked in collaboration with the architect,
who was his friend Paul Engelmann, but soon assumed full control. Every detail
of the house received his painstaking attention; heating radiators, for example,
had to be exactly positioned in order not to disturb the symmetry of the rooms.
From some the house has evoked high praise; in the opinion of G. H. von Wright
it has the same $static beauty% as the Tractatus. It is a building in an ornamented
modern style, influenced by the work of Adolf Loos whom Wittgenstein admired.
The excursion into house building did much to restore Wittgenstein after his
difficulties, and it disposed him favourably to the second development, which
was that philosophers at Vienna University contacted him and invited him to
have discussions. Wittgenstein agreed, and in consequence began slowly to
resume philosophical work. He had in fact been in touch with philosophy during
his schoolmastering years through the medium of a young English philosopher,
F. P. Ramsey, who had assisted in making the English translation of the
Tractatus, and who visited Wittgenstein in Austria on a number of occasions. But
although Wittgenstein discussed the Tractatus with Ramsey in some detail he
could not be persuaded by him to take up philosophy again. Now, however, he
was sought out by Moritz Schlick, professor at Vienna University and founder of
the $Vienna Circle%, an active group of philosophers and scientists who worked
closely together from 1925 onwards. Schlick did not succeed in drawing
Wittgenstein into the Circle itself, but he and various of his colleagues met
Wittgenstein on an occasional basis. As Wittgenstein's philosophical interests
revived he saw that his Tractatus did not, after all, solve the problems of
philosophy. This was the stimulus to the development of his second and in many
ways quite different phase of philosophical work.

10

An important result of Wittgenstein's contacts with Schlick and others of the
Circle was his return to Cambridge in 1929. He had discovered that he could
submit the Tractatus for the degree of Ph.D. after one further year's residence.
He duly registered, with Ramsey as his supervisor and Russell and Moore as his
examiners. Moore, who with others of the older generation disliked the Ph.D.
degree, then a new import from the United States, is said to have written in his
examiner's report: *The Tractatus is a work of genius, but it otherwise satisfies
the requirements for a Ph.D.- After the award of his degree, Wittgenstein set
about securing a position at Cambridge. He applied for a five-year Fellowship at
Trinity College, and with Russell's generous help, given in a report to the college
on Wittgenstein's research proposals, was awarded it in 1930. He now entered
upon his most fertile and productive philosophical phase, in which he wrote
copiously.
When his Fellowship was drawing to a close, Wittgenstein decided to emigrate to
the Soviet Union, then enjoying a certain vogue in Cambridge circles. As a
passionate admirer of Tolstoy and Dostoevsky he had in any case long
nourished an admiration for Russia. Accordingly he learned Russian and in 1935
visited the USSR with a friend. It is not clear why he reversed his decision to
settle there, but after a year in his hut in Norway, he returned to Cambridge and
in 1939 succeeded Moore as Professor of Philosophy. Before he could begin his
professorial duties war broke out. Until 1944 Wittgenstein worked as a porter first
at Guy's Hospital in London and then at the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle
upon Tyne. He had taken British nationality and was therefore not subject to
internment.
In the two academic years 1945/46 and 1946/47 Wittgenstein lectured in
Cambridge. Life as a don was highly distasteful to him, particularly in its detail;
he found, for example, High Table conversation so disagreeable that he avoided
dining there. At the end of 1947 he resigned his Chair and went to Ireland, living
for part of the time in a cabin on the Galway coast, and later in a Dublin hotel.
Here he
11

completed the major work of his later philosophy, the Philosophical
Investigations. His health was poor; after a short visit to the United States in
1949 he discovered that he had cancer. From then until his death in 1951 he
lived with various friends in Oxford and Cambridge. He continued to make notes
of his philosophical ideas, whenever his health permitted, until close to the end.
There are vivid portraits of Wittgenstein in memoirs and reminiscences. Most of
these were written by people much influenced by Wittgenstein, and consequently
do not offer impartial views of him. Nevertheless, when taken together with the
few more objective depictions that exist, and Wittgenstein's own letters, they
provide a dramatic picture of the man and his character. In them Wittgenstein
appears as a powerful, restless, dominant individual, an intense and complicated
man, to whom people responded either with adulation or aversion. The chief
memoirists came to know Wittgenstein when they were young students and he
was nearing fifty years of age, which may in part explain their hero-worship.
They describe him as about five feet, six inches tall, with a transfixing gaze and
a fierce, uncompromising manner. Almost everyone who has left a record of
encounters with Wittgenstein comments on the power of his personality, and
mentions the way people fell under his spell as if mesmerized by the intensity of
his expression and the striking gestures he made when discoursing.
Wittgenstein taught by thinking aloud before a group of students in his rooms at
Trinity. They knew him to be famous because of the Tractatus, yet during those
seminars he was repudiating many of that book's central tenets and working out
a series of new philosophical ideas in their place. They therefore felt they were
witnesses to something important. And not just important but dramatic; it was
Wittgenstein's style of teaching to struggle with his problems before them, at
times crying out 1I'm stupid today!3 and at other times sitting in intense, prolonged
silences. Remarks from students, if they did not meet his

12

13

approval, evoked crushing replies. The ordeal of Wittgenstein's classes did not
suit everyone's taste, but so profound an impression did they leave on some that
they were unable to think of philosophy in any but Wittgenstein's way thereafter.
The picture of Wittgenstein which has him seated in a deckchair in his sparsely
furnished Trinity rooms, conducting his classes in the manner just described, is
in a way an unrepresentative one, for Wittgenstein spent only a small part of his
life teaching in Cambridge. He was, in truth, a nomad, a rootless wanderer,
trailing from one country to another and one place to another, varying longer
stays with many restless shorter travels, living alone except when visiting or
journeying with friends. His sojourns in one place rarely lasted more than a few
years. This was paralleled by the number of different occupations which
circumstance or his own choice led him to take up: student, soldier, primary
school teacher, gardener, architect, gypsy, don " none of which appears to have
given him satisfaction. His was therefore a fragmented and displaced life, and, it
seems, not often or for long a happy one.
To some people Wittgenstein showed kindness. Before the 1914"18 war he
made an anonymous and generous gift of money to two poets. He was capable
of close friendships, and although he was fiercely demanding as a friend, most
of those who had this relation to him became deeply attached and loyal. He had
some particularly close relationships with several of his pupils. To others,
however, Wittgenstein could be cruel and dismissive. Some memoirists " those
who were not disciples " speak of him as capable of arrogance, intolerance, and
rudeness. He caused anxiety among the families of some of his pupils because
of the strength of his sway over them. He always sought to discourage people
from pursuing academic careers; several gifted pupils abandoned philosophy at
his insistence, one of them " to Wittgenstein's satisfaction " spending the rest of
his life employed in a canning factory.

14

One neglected consideration which may go towards an understanding both of
Wittgenstein's character and of his philosophy is the nature of his formal
education. The sketch given of it above shows that after being taught at home
under his father's eccentric regime he had three years at school followed by
short stays at various institutions, ranging from a Berlin technical college to
Cambridge University. Apart from his teacher's certificate, Wittgenstein's only
academic qualification was the Cambridge Ph.D., gained at the age of forty. He
was by no means a scholar; he did not study the classic philosophers carefully
(most of them he did not study at all) and he actively discouraged his students
from doing so.
In contrast to this scattered and piecemeal education, there is the fact that
Wittgenstein's early years were spent in a highly cultured home. In addition to
musical interests he acquired several languages, and later added others,
including Latin, Norwegian, and Russian. Undoubtedly, he took an interest as a
young man in the flourishing intellectual life of Vienna. An indication of this is
that he read some of Schopenhauer's philosophy, then fashionable among
Viennese intellectuals and artists (one of Mahler's gifts to the young Bruno
Walter was a complete set of Schopenhauer's works). This mixture, with on the
one hand Wittgenstein's fragmentary formal education and on the other his
cultured and patrician home background, may in some part explain the unusual
character of his mind and interests. Perhaps unorthodox educations foster
originality; or it may be that native originality is stifled by too much formal
schooling. Whatever the case, Wittgenstein was not the product of a typical
education, and the character of his work bears testimony to that fact. It gives him
another distinction: he may well be the last considerable figure in philosophy not
to have followed a strict and orthodox academic regime as a condition of being
taken seriously by the philosophical community.

15

Chapter 2
The early philosophy

In this chapter I discuss Wittgenstein's early philosophical work, the Tractatus
Logico-Philosophicus. An appreciation of the main doctrines of this book makes
Wittgenstein's later philosophy much easier to understand. Sections 2 and 3 are
devoted to the Tractatus itself. Section I contains an explanation of several
background matters which help to make the Tractatus more intelligible. The
chapter ends with some remarks on the influence of Wittgenstein's early work on
other philosophers (section 4).
The scene-setting in section 1, although intended to be a general preparation for
discussion of the Tractatus, is particularly addressed to those who are quite new
to philosophy. It contains an account of certain technical conceptions in logic and
philosophy which play an important part in Wittgenstein's early thought. I have
set these out in a straightforward way.

Aims and background
Wittgenstein's aim in the Tractatus is stated in its preface. It is to show that the
problems of philosophy can be solved by coming to a proper understanding of
how language works. He puts this by saying that we shall solve the problems of
philosophy when we understand *the logic of our language+ (T, pp. 3,4). This,
indeed, is the dominating thought in all
16

Wittgenstein's philosophy, and it represents what is continuous between its
earlier and later phases. As we shall see, however, Wittgenstein's views about
the logic of language differ markedly in these two phases, with the later taking
as its basis a repudiation of some of the earlier phase's most central themes.
There are two aspects to Wittgenstein's aim as just stated. His objective is to
solve the problems of philosophy, and he intends to do so by showing how
language works. Why an understanding of language should solve the problems
of philosophy is what the Tractatus sets out to demonstrate " as does, in its
different way, his later philosophy also. We turn to that demonstration shortly.
First, it is necessary to see what is meant by the phrase the problems of
philosophy.
One can describe philosophy as the attempt to make clear, and if possible to
answer, a range of fundamental and puzzling questions which arise when, in a
general and inclusive way, we try to understand ourselves and the universe we
inhabit. Among many other things these questions concern existence and reality,
knowledge and belief, reason and reasoning, truth, meaning, and value both
ethical and aesthetic. The questions themselves are of the form: What is reality?
What kinds of things ultimately exist? What is knowledge, and how do we come
by it? How can we be sure that our claims to knowledge are not in some
systematic way mistaken? What are the canons of correct reasoning? What is
morally the right way to live and act, and why?
Philosophical problems are not problems that can be solved by empirical means
" by looking through a telescope or microscope, or by conducting experiments in
a laboratory. They are conceptual and logical problems, requiring conceptual and
logical investigation. Over the millennia a great investment of genius has been
brought to the task of clarifying and answering the questions of philosophy.
Some philosophers have attempted to construct explanatory theories,
occasionally very elaborate and ambitious in scope; others have tried to

17

clarify and resolve particular questions by painstaking analysis and criticism.
Almost all those who have contributed to philosophy throughout its history have
agreed that the matters mentioned above  existence, knowledge, truth, value 
are deeply important; and it is upon this consensus that the philosophical debate,
which has gone on at least since classical antiquity, has been based.
Wittgenstein runs against this current. His view is that the proper task of
philosophy is not one of engagement with the issues mentioned, for in his
opinion they involve illusory problems which arise as a result of
misunderstandings about language. The proper task of philosophy, he says, is to
make the nature of our thought and talk clear, for then the traditional problems of
philosophy will be recognized as spurious and will accordingly vanish.
Wittgenstein's work  both his early work as embodied in the Tractatus and his
later work  is dedicated to solving the traditional problems of philosophy in this
way.
What is fundamental to the Tractatus is the thought that language has an
underlying logical structure, an understanding of which shows the limits of what
can clearly and meaningfully be said. The importance of this, in Wittgenstein's
view, is that what can be said is the same as what can be thought; so that once
one has grasped the nature of language, and therefore of what can clearly and
significantly be thought, one has shown the limit beyond which language and
thought become nonsense. It is in this realm, beyond the boundaries of sense,
where in Wittgenstein's opinion traditional philosophical problems arise, and
where their arising is precisely the result of our trying to say what is unsayable 
the same, in his view, as trying to think the unthinkable. He puts this point at
both the beginning and the end of the Tractatus in the now famous assertion that
%what can be said at all can be said clearly, and what we cannot talk about, we
must consign to silence& (T, p. 3 and cf. T 7). Wittgenstein gives the claim fuller
expression in a letter to Russell: %The main point [of the Tractatus] is the theory
of what can be expressed by propositions  i.e. by language  (and, which
comes to the
18

same thing, what can be thought), and what cannot be expressed by
propositions, but only shown; which, I believe, is the cardinal problem of
philosophy.
The issue of these claims for Wittgenstein is that the proper task of philosophy is
!to say nothing except what can be said, i.e. the propositions of natural science "
i.e. something that has nothing to do with philosophy " and then, whenever
someone else wanted to say something metaphysical, to demonstrate to him that
he had failed to give a meaning to certain signs in his propositions (T 6.53). But
this negative result is not the whole story, for in Wittgenstein's view such matters
as ethics and aesthetics, religion, and the !problems of life (T 6.52) are not
themselves ruled out as nonsensical; it is only the attempt to say anything about
them which is so: !There are, indeed, things that cannot be put into words. They
make themselves manifest. They are what is mystical (T 6.522). Here !showing
rather than !saying is all that is possible. Sometimes Wittgenstein speaks of the
!more important unwritten second half of the Tractatus, meaning by this that the
truly significant issues are identified by what the Tractatus does not say, for the
Tractatus shows from within the limits of language what is important. In another
letter he says !For the Ethical is delimited from within, as it were, by my book /
All of what many are babbling today, I have defined in my book by remaining
silent about it.
The task Wittgenstein sets himself in the Tractatus is therefore to explain, with a
view to establishing the foregoing points, how language works. More specifically,
his task is to reveal the nature of language and its relation to the world, which in
effect amounts to explaining how meaning attaches to the propositions we
assert. Accordingly, he devotes the major part of his attention in the Tractatus to
describing what propositions are and in what their meaning consists. And this,
for Wittgenstein, is as we have seen the same as identifying the limits of
thought; since the limits of language and thought are the same, an investigation
of the former constitutes an investigation of the latter.

19

This feature of Wittgenstein's project must be borne in mind throughout, for it is
central.
Both Wittgenstein's aim and the way he attempts to attain it cannot be
understood properly unless one knows something of the philosophical
background to his work. This background consists in developments in logic and
philosophy, many of them owing to the writings of Frege and Russell, which had
appeared in the decades before the Tractatus was published, and which
Wittgenstein had learned from Russell while studying with him at Cambridge. I
shall therefore begin by setting out its relevant features.
One matter it is convenient to deal with first concerns the notion of a proposition
in philosophy, for talk of propositions occurs often in what follows. Leaving aside
certain complications, we can say that a proposition is something asserted or
proposed for acceptance as true, for example, &the table is brown', &this book is
about Wittgenstein', &it is raining'. But propositions are not to be confused with
the sentences used to express them. A sentence is a grammatically well-formed
string of words in any language, written or spoken by someone at a certain time
and place. A sentence has only to obey the grammatical rules of the language to
which it belongs in order to be a sentence; it does not have in addition to be
&meaningful' + strings of words like &green ideas sleep furiously' qualify as
sentences despite being nonsensical. A proposition, on the other hand, is what is
asserted when a sentence (more accurately, a declarative sentence) is
meaningfully and non-idly used, and therefore propositions and sentences are
quite different things. This difference can best be grasped by noting that different
sentences, uttered or inscribed by different people at different times and places,
may all say the same thing, that is, express the same proposition; and that the
same sentence, used on the same or different occasions by different people,
may say different things, that is, express different propositions. Here are some
examples: the sentences &it is raining', &il pleut', &es regnet', and &xia yu' drawn
respectively from English, French, German,

20

and Chinese, all express the same proposition, namely that it is raining. This
illustrates the first case. Conversely, when I say, I have a headache, and you
say, I have a headache, two different things are being said (two different
propositions expressed) by different uses of the same sentence. This illustrates
the second case.
Some philosophers have suggested that we should think of a proposition as the
thought conveyed by a use of a sentence (or a set of synonymous sentences,
whether in the same or different languages). Some, again, have talked of
propositions as the meaning of sentences, or as the objects which lie before the
mind when one knows, believes, remembers, or hopes that something is the
case. For example, if Jack believes that Jill loves Jim, then on this view the
object of Jack's act of believing is the proposition Jill loves Jim. These
proposals are not exclusive of one another; propositions might be all of these
things at once. These matters need not detain us now ( further and other
considerations about the nature of propositions appear later, and for the present
this sketch will suffice. What it is important to note now is that in Wittgenstein's
theory a proposition is the uttered or written expression of a thought; our interest
here, accordingly, does not concern particular sentences of English, German, or
Chinese, but the thoughts expressed when those sentences are used.
The important background matters relevant to an understanding of the Tractatus
are the developments in philosophy which resulted, as mentioned above, from
work by Frege and Russell. A fruitful way to begin an account of these
developments is to look at a problem dealt with by Russell in a celebrated piece
of logical analysis.
The problem in question concerns the fact that ordinary language is often
philosophically misleading ( which is to say, is often misleading as to what we
can legitimately think about the world. The problem can be demonstrated in the
following way. Consider the two propositions (1) the table is brown and (2) the
lateness of his arrival was annoying.
21

The traditional theory of the structure of propositions treats them as having two
components, namely a subject (the table, the lateness of his arrival) and a
predicate (is brown, was annoying). The subject term refers to something, and
the predicate says of that something that it has a certain property or quality. So
in (1) the property of brownness is asserted of a given table; in (2) the property
of annoyingness is asserted of the lateness of someone's arrival. Now this way
of thinking about the structure of propositions, and in particular about the work
done by their different parts, leads straight to a difficulty, which a contrast
between (1) and (2) brings out. Proposition (1) appears to be unproblematic,
because there are indeed tables in the world for the subject term to denote, and
we can assert of any suitable one of them that it is brown, which is what we use
the predicate term to say. But if we apply the same analysis to (2) then, on the
face of it, we seem to be saying that there are latenesses in the world, and this
should give us pause, for although people and things can indeed arrive or be
late, we clearly do not think the world contains things called latenesses, at the
very least in the same sense as we take it to contain tables. The point therefore
is that the surface forms of sentences in ordinary language can mask important
differences between what is really being said, and therefore thought, in different
cases; and this can, and often does, lead to philosophical problems and
misunderstandings.
Of course, proposition (2) does not present a genuine difficulty, for we can easily
rearrange it in such a way that apparent reference to latenesses disappears.
We could say he arrived annoyingly late, for example. And in order to avoid
mistakes in our thinking about the world some such paraphrase is appropriate.
This shows that, from a philosophical point of view, it is sometimes necessary to
take care with ordinary language in order to keep our thought clear, even to the
extent, as in the example just given, of having to recast what we say into a form
which avoids misleading implications. This is particularly so when we consider a
more serious way in which a proposition can be problematic: which is when, this
time, it has what appears to be an

22

unexceptionable subject term, in that, like the table but unlike the lateness of
his arrival, it appears to be a natural and proper expression for occupying the
subject place in propositions, in the sense that it appears to denote some
existing thing, but which nevertheless does not refer to anything. It is to this
more difficult case that Russell's famous analysis applies.
Consider the proposition the present king of France is wise. This is perfectly
meaningful, and because it is so it seems natural to ask whether it is true or
false. And to this there seems an equally natural answer. There is no king of
France at present; the subject term fails to refer to anything. Therefore, it seems
that the proposition should be considered false. But there is a problem here,
concerning how to demonstrate why it is false. This is because if in normal
circumstances we say of something (call it x) that x is wise, the proposition x is
wise will be true if x is wise, and false if x is not wise. But what if there is no x?
How can we say of something that does not exist that it either is or is not wise?
Initially Russell accepted a solution to this puzzle which had been proposed by
the nineteenth-century philosopher Alexius Meinong. This solution was to say
that every expression with a referring or denoting function in a sentence does
denote something, either an actually existing item, as with the table in the table
is brown, or a subsisting item, where by subsistence is meant non-actual
existence / a kind of real but half or courtesy existence. On this view, the
universe contains everything that can be thought or talked about, including the
present king of France; but only some of what the universe contains is actually
existent. Accordingly the descriptive phrase the present king of France does
indeed denote, and what it denotes is a subsistent / that is a real but non-actual
/ king of France.
Meinong's view is not as extravagant as it seems, for it is based on a
consideration which is both right and important. This is that thought is

23

intentional, that is, is directed towards or focused upon an object, where what is
meant by an object is whatever is mentioned when one answers the question
what are you thinking about? Suppose someone asks me this question when I
am thinking about my table, and I therefore reply the table. The table is the
object intended by my thought: it is what my thought is about. Similarly, if I am
thinking about a dryad, the object or intention of my thought is a dryad. In the
first case what I am thinking about, the table, actually exists in the world; in the
second case, the object of my thought has merely intentional existence, that is,
exists only as an object or intention of a thought. In either case the object
intended by the thought is whatever the thought is about or is directed towards.
So far, there is no difficulty. But Meinong went further by arguing that since a
dryad can be intended by your thoughts as well as mine, her existence as an
object of thought is in an important way independent of either of our acts of
thinking about her, and that therefore she has a real existence even although
she is not actual in the sense of being encounterable in the world in the same
way as the table. In Meinong's terminology, in short, the dryad subsists.
Russell could not rest content with this theory for long. The idea of subsisting
entities is obviously difficult to swallow, and Russell said of it that it soon came
to offend his vivid sense of reality. One quick way of showing why is to note
that if this theory were right, each of us would have infinite numbers of
subsistent but non-actual brothers and sisters; they, along with all the infinities of
other subsistent entities, together with all the actually existing ones, would make
for an overcrowded universe indeed. Accordingly Russell set about finding an
analysis of propositions like the present king of France is wise which would
explain their meaningfulness and their falsity without having to invoke a notion of
subsistence. He did so by arguing that names and descriptive phrases occupying
grammatical subject place in sentences are not genuine referring expressions at
all, and that therefore sentences which contain them in grammatical subject
place are misleading as to the proper logical form of the propositions they
express. Thus the present

24

king of France is wise should correctly be seen as shorthand for a conjunction
of three propositions asserting (1) that there is a king of France, (2) that there is
only one king of France (this takes care of the definite article, the, which implies
uniqueness), and (3) that whatever is king of France is wise. Since (1) is false,
the original proposition is false. Proper names like Henry are to be treated in
the same way, for they can be viewed as disguised descriptions; if we say
Henry is wise we are asserting (1) there is something which is Henry, (2) there
is, in the relevant context, only one such thing, and (3) that thing is wise. If all of
(1)-(3) are true, Henry is wise is true; if either (1) or (3) is false, Henry is wise
is false. What is happening here is that we are analysing the given propositions
into their logical form, represented by the conjunction of (1)-(3) in each case; and
this reveals what we are really saying (and therefore thinking) in a quite
perspicuous way , a way which, moreover, involves no appeal to subsistent
entities and the like.
Russell's Theory of Descriptions, as the foregoing analysis is called, illustrates
something centrally important for an understanding of Wittgenstein's Tractatus,
namely what is meant by talk of the logical structure or logical form which
underlies ordinary language, investigating which promises to tell us much of
philosophical significance about the nature of language and thought themselves.
And it is, as noted above, just such an investigation which constitutes the chief
task of the Tractatus. Wittgenstein much admired Russell's Theory of
Descriptions, which in his early period he took to be a paradigm of how
philosophical problems should be dealt with. He comments in the Tractatus: All
philosophy is a 2critique of language3 4 It was Russell who performed the
service of showing that the apparent logical form of a proposition need not be its
real one (T 4.0031).
The concept of logical form involves more than has so far appeared, however, in
particular concerning the nature of the logic in terms of which that underlying
form is to be described. This too is important ,

25

indeed, essential  for an understanding of the Tractatus, and accordingly
something must be said about it.
When Russell gave an analysis of the sentence the present king of France is
wise to reveal its logical form, he did not do so by using the three English
sentences numbered (1)-(3) above, for the reason that the risk of misleadingness
which attaches to the original sentence might well reappear in the analysis
represented by (1)-(3), since (1)-(3) are themselves sentences of ordinary
language. Instead he used the language of logic, which he regarded as the
perfect language because of its precision and clarity. The attraction is obvious; if
one can translate or at least paraphrase sentences of ordinary language into a
wholly perspicuous formal language which reveals exactly what is being said
without risk of misunderstanding, then one can lay bare to one's view the
structure of legitimate thought about the world. Wittgenstein later described this
as uncovering the hidden essence of thought. And this project becomes yet
more attractive when one realizes that there are certain other features of the
perfect language which promise to help us understand the nature of thought.
One such, apart from the notion of logical form already encountered, is that of
truth-functionality. To explain this and other notions requires a brief account of
logic itself, as follows. (There are some simple technicalities in the next few
pages; the symbols used will not reappear elsewhere in what follows, although
the ideas associated with them will, which is why it is important that they be
explained.)
Modern treatments of logic begin with Gottlob Frege, whose major works were
written in the closing decades of the nineteenth century. Until Frege, logic had in
essentials retained the character given to it by Aristotle, who made the first
systematic investigation of the subject two and a half millennia ago. Logic was
indeed regarded as a completed science well into the nineteenth century.
Frege's discoveries and innovations were revolutionary, rendering logic at once
simpler, more powerful, and more extensive than traditional logic. In important
part
26

this was because he invented a symbolic language, based on arithmetic, which
enabled him to explore the subject with greater facility and depth than had
hitherto been possible. He called his symbolic language a concept script, and
used it to construct a set of new and fundamental logical notions which are now
central to the subject. Wittgenstein's argument in the Tractatus in part turns on
these notions, and develops certain of them in original ways. In order to explain
them I shall not use Frege's concept script but a common variant of the
symbolism invented by Russell and his collaborator A. N. Whitehead in Principia
Mathematica (1910)12). This symbolism has so many advantages over Frege's
pioneering attempts that it now constitutes the basis of standard logical
notations.
The primary concern in logic is to identify and classify valid forms of inference.
The notions of validity, form, and inference are the key ones. They can be
explained in the following way. Consider these two arguments: (1) Either Tom
broke the clock or Harry did. Harry did not break the clock. Therefore Tom did.
(2) Either it rained on Tuesday or on Wednesday. But on Wednesday there was
no rain. Therefore it rained on Tuesday. Each of these arguments has two
premisses from which a conclusion, introduced by therefore, is drawn. The
premisses constitute the grounds for the conclusion. To draw a conclusion from
premisses is to infer it from them. If a conclusion can be inferred validly from its
premisses, then we say that the premisses entail the conclusion or that the
conclusion follows from the premisses.
The briefest inspection shows that (1) and (2) have the same structure or form;
they each say either p or q; not q; therefore p. What the logician is interested in
is the question whether, leaving aside particularities of clocks or the weather,
arguments of this form are such that their conclusions always follow from their
premisses. More precisely, his interest is to identify those forms of argument
which are such that if their premisses are true, their conclusions are guaranteed
to be true also.

27

It is important to note that the logician's only interest concerns an argument's
form, not the truth or falsity of its premisses and conclusion. When it happens
that the premisses of a given valid argument are in fact true, then such an
argument is said to be not just valid but sound, which is a further matter. The
distinction between validity and soundness is a significant one, for many
arguments can be valid with respect to their form (formally valid ) without being
sound, that is, without guaranteeing the truth of their conclusions, as in this case:
(3) either the moon is not made of green cheese or it orbits the earth. But the
moon does not orbit the earth. Therefore it is not made of green cheese. This
argument is valid, but unsound, for its second premiss is false. There are many
other ways in which arguments can be valid but unsound. This is why validity is
explained in terms of an important if : validity is the property an argument has
when its form is such that if the premisses are true, the truth of the conclusion is
guaranteed.
Given that it is validity and not soundness that constitutes the logician's primary
interest, it is unnecessary to take account of particular considerations about
clocks, the weather, the moon, or any other matter of fact, but only the structure
or form of arguments. This permits a useful simplification; one can use symbols
to stand for propositions, as was done above in illustrating the form shared by
(1) and (2), (and also (3)). The letters p , q , and their successors in the
alphabet are standardly employed for this purpose. The letters so used are of
course not themselves propositions; they are formulae which stand for
propositions in the literal sense that they occupy the places in the argument
where the proposition would occur if we were to write out in full the sentences
which express them.
The next step is to look at the way propositions can be combined together to
make more complex ones. In (1) the first premiss, either Tom broke the clock or
Harry did , is a complex proposition made up of

28

two simple propositions, Tom broke the clock and Harry broke the clock,
connected by or. The form is p or q. The compound formula p or q is of
course a single formula; it differs from the uncompounded or atomic formulae,
namely p taken by itself and q taken by itself, only in being compound.
Compound formulae can themselves be elements of larger compounds. Suppose
we have p or q and another compound formula r or s. Then we can combine
them with or to yield the single formula (p or q) or (r or s), using the brackets
in an intuitive way to keep everything clear. This process of building up more
and more complex formulae can go on indefinitely.
Apart from or there are other connectives of great importance, namely and and
if & then &. These also join atomic formulae together to make compound
formulae. We can write such formulae p and q, if p then q respectively. To
simplify matters further, logicians use signs to stand for or, and, and if & then
& thus: the sign v serves for or (it is drawn from the Latin vel, or); the sign
& serves for and; and the arrow [.arrowright] serves for if & then &. So we
write pvq, p&q, p[.arrowright]q respectively.
How these connectives work is the really important issue, both for an
understanding of logic and an appreciation of Wittgenstein's early philosophy.
Indeed, the account now to be given of these connectives is drawn from a
treatment of them suggested by Wittgenstein in the Tractatus. The central idea is
that the truth or falsity (for short, the truth-value) of a compound proposition
depends wholly upon the truth-values of its constituent atomic propositions. For
example, the truth value of a proposition symbolized as p&q depends upon the
truth-values of p and of q taken separately. This is expressed by saying that
compound propositions are truth-functions of their component atomic
propositions. A simple table illustrates what is meant. Under the atomic formulae
p and q we write all the possible combinations of truth-values which they can
have between them, like this:

29

Here T stands for true and F for false. Next we show under what conditions
the compound formula p&q is true. What this asserts is that both p and q are
true. So we add a column under the heading p&q to show that the only case in
which p&q is true is when each of p and q is independently true:

This table, called a truth table, is in effect a picture of how & works. The same
can be done for the other connectives. For example, understanding pvq to
mean either p or q or both, we write the truth table as follows:

30

This shows that 
pvq is true if at least one of 
p or 
q is true, and false only if
both 
p and 
q are false, just as we would expect. The important point is that the
truth-value of the compound formulae 
p&q, 
pvq is determined by that is, is a
function of the truth-values of their constituent atomic formulae and the way
these are combined. Accordingly the connectives 
&, 
v, 
[.arrowright] are called
truth-functional connectives, or, more generally 
truth-functors.
There is another important logical word, namely 
not, which, although not a
connective (it does not join together propositions or the formulae which
symbolize them), is nevertheless a truth-functor. Logicians use the sign 
- 
to
serve for 
not, and write 
-p for 
not p. The way 
-
works is described by its
simple truth table:

When 
p is true, 
-p is false; when 
p is false, 
-p is true. It follows that if a
compound formula, say 
pvq, is true, then its negation, written 
- (pvq), is false;
and vice versa. Note how the brackets are used to show that the negation sign
applies to the whole formula 
pvq; if we were to write 
-pvq we would be saying
something quite different, namely 
not p, or q.
The letters and truth-functors are the elements of a language which, together
with certain rules of inference taken as primitive or axiomatic, constitute what is
called the 
propositional calculus. It allows logicians to explore the logical
relations between whole propositions in a completely systematic way. The
addition of a few more symbols and rules enables logicians to get inside
propositions, as it were, in order to examine the nature of valid inference when
the internal structure of
31

4. Wittgenstein's invention of truth tables, which became standard in logic, in an
early manuscript of the Tractatus.

32

propositions matters. For example, a proposition like the table is brown, which
would be represented by, say, p if a logician were concerned only to investigate
its relations to other whole propositions, can be symbolized for these more
detailed purposes as x is F, or, more succinctly, Fx, where x is an individual
variable (stands for individual things) and F is a predicate letter standing in this
case for is brown. Then we get formulae like Fx v Gx, pronounced x is F or x
is G. Note that the truth-functor v continues to function in accordance with its
truth table as demonstrated above.
A final step is to introduce ways of symbolizing propositions like all humans are
mortal and some humans are tall. These contain quantifier expressions, all
and some, indicating how many things have a certain property & in this case,
how many humans are mortal or tall. Logicians write (x) to symbolize all x or
every x; thus all humans are mortal is in symbolic form (x)
(Hx[.arrowright]Mx), pronounced for all x, if x is human then x is mortal. The
quantifier some can most usefully be expressed as at least one, and logicians
write ([.existential] x) to symbolize there is at least one x or more briefly there
is an x. Thus some humans are tall is symbolized ([.existential] x) (Hx & Tx),
pronounced there is an x such that x is human and x is tall. When these
notions are added to the propositional calculus the resulting language is called
the predicate calculus; it is a simple but extremely powerful language which
equips logicians to explore the forms of valid inference, and which provides
philosophers with a tool for investigating the structure of language and thought.
This language, the language of the predicate calculus, is what Russell called the
perfect language. In the case of the present king of France is wise, Russell
used it to give the full analysis of that problematic sentence, that is, the complete
description of its logical form. The analysis is:
(Ex) (K(x) & (y)(K(y) -> x=y) & W(x))

33

where K stands for king of France and W for wise. The whole formula is
pronounced there is something, call it x, such that x is king of France; and for
anything else, call it y, if y is king of France then y and x are identical (this
shows that there is only one king of France); and x is wise. This may look
somewhat complicated, but is not so; the chief point is that there is nothing
misleading about the logical formula into which the present king of France is
wise has been analysed, and hence, once the eye is accustomed to symbolism,
all is perspicuous # we know exactly what is being said and hence thought, for
the analysis brings its logical structure explicitly into view. Recall Wittgenstein's
aim: it is to show that the problems of philosophy will be solved once we grasp
how our language works. The workings of language depend upon its underlying
logical structure; therefore to solve the problems of philosophy we must, says
Wittgenstein, make clear to ourselves the nature of that underlying logical
structure. This shows the importance of logic in Wittgenstein's Tractatus.
A central notion in the foregoing account of logic is truth-functionality, explained,
as we have seen, in terms of the truth tables showing how the truth-values of
compound formulae depend upon the truth-values of their constituent atomic
formulae and the way they are combined. One more example will help to fix this
idea clearly. Consider the complex formula (pvq) & (rvs). The truth-value of this
formula depends upon that of pvq and of rvs taken independently; and the
truthvalues of these two formulae, in their turn, depend upon the truthvalues of
their parts # in the case of pvq on the truth-values of p and of q taken
independently, and in the case of rvs on the truth-values of r and s taken
independently. So the whole complex formula (pvq) & (rvs) has a truth-value
which in the end depends on that of each of the simple or atomic formulae p,
q, r, s, which are its ultimate constituents or atoms; it is a truth-function of
those atoms and the way they are put together by means of the connectives v
and &. This idea plays a crucial role in the Tractatus.

34

The argument of the Tractatus
Armed with the foregoing sketch of background ideas we can now turn to
Wittgenstein's Tractatus itself. A preliminary point to note concerns how the
Tractatus is structured. It was Wittgenstein's method, one which he employed
throughout his life, to write down his ideas in the form of theses and remarks
upon these theses, subsequently arranging them into an appropriate overall
order. In the Tractatus Wittgenstein expresses his view in the form of seven
theses, and the bulk of the book consists in comments upon and expansions of
each of the first six, together with subordinate comments upon and expansions
of these higher-order remarks themselves. To keep the structure of the argument
clearly in view Wittgenstein uses a system of decimal numbering. The system is
one which anyone familiar with business or official reports can quickly grasp;
chief points are marked with whole numbers (1, 2, etc.), comments subordinate
to these with a single decimal (1.1, 2.1, etc.), points subordinate to these latter
with two decimals (1.11, 2.11, etc.), and so on in the standard way. The
Tractatus is rather elaborate structurally, yielding remark numbers with as many
as five decimals, for example 2.02331; but the principle of the arrangement is
straightforward, as described. References to the Tractatus are always effected
simply by quoting the relevant remark number.
A second point to note is that although the Tractatus is a short book, the range
of topics it covers is very wide. In the course of its main argument concerning
language, the world, and the relation between them, the Tractatus also deals
with the following: the nature of logic and logical form; probability; the concept of
number; induction and causality; the purpose of philosophy; solipsism; and
questions about ethics, religion, and life. The treatment accorded most of these
topics is very brief, and in consequence the Tractatus's comments upon them
seem aphoristic and obscure. But Wittgenstein's views on these matters are
either consequences or corollaries of his main argument, to which all these
topics are intimately linked, and accordingly a grasp of that argument

35

makes his meaning in these respects fairly clear, as we shall see when we
consider some of them.
I shall begin by setting out the main argument of the Tractatus in summary form,
afterwards returning to explain each of its main themes in more detail. Both
language and the world, Wittgenstein says, have a structure. Language consists
in propositions, and these are compounds made up of what he calls elementary
propositions, which in turn are combinations of names. Names are the ultimate
constituents of language. Correspondingly, the world consists in the totality of
facts, and facts are compounded out of states of affairs , which in turn are
compounded out of objects. Each level of structure in language matches a level
of structure in the world. The objects, which are the ultimate constituents of the
world, are denoted by the ultimate constituents of language, the names; names
combine to form elementary propositions, which correspond to states of affairs;
and each of these further combine to form, respectively, propositions and the
facts which, in a sense to be explained, those propositions picture . Here, in a
crude preliminary form, is a representation of the two parallel structures:

proposition
|
elementary proposition
|
names

	
	
	

facts
|
states-of-affairs
|
objects

This representation is crude because it does not show how the vertical and
horizontal relationships between the two sets of levels work; but it is a useful
preliminary sketch.

36

The correspondence between elementary propositions and states of affairs is
constituted by the fact that the names out of which elementary propositions are
built denote the objects out of which their correspondent states of affairs are
built; the arrangement of the names logically mirrors or pictures the arrangement
of the objects in states of affairs. It is in virtue of this picturing relation that the
propositions compounded out of elementary propositions have sense. This is the
picture theory of meaning which lies at the heart of the Tractatus, constituting
the explanation of how language and the world are connected, and therefore of
how meaning attaches to what we say when we use language correctly. Much
more will be said of this below.
The elementary propositions are logically independent of each other. Because
this is so, we need to say which of them are true and which false in order to give
a complete account of reality. This is equivalent to saying that reality consists of
all possible states of affairs, whether existing or non-existing. In other words,
how everything actually is in reality depends upon what is and what is not the
case; and that is why we need to know which elementary propositions are true
and which false, for only then can we specify how things actually stand in reality.
Propositions are formed out of elementary propositions by the truthfunctional
connectives (more exactly, by a single truth-functional connective in terms of
which all the others can be defined). They are therefore truth-functions of
elementary propositions. Because they depend for their own truth-value on the
truth-values of the elementary propositions which constitute them, propositions
will be true or false according to the distribution of the truth-values among the
elementary propositions. But there are two important cases where this is not so:
one in which a proposition is true no matter what its constituents' truthvalues,
and the other in which a proposition is false no matter what its constituents'
truth-values. In the first case the proposition is a tautology, always true; in the
second it is a contradiction, always false. The true propositions of logic are
tautologies, and the true propositions of
37

mathematics may be considered so too. Neither logical nor mathematical
propositions say anything about the world, however, because in virtue of their
always being true they are consistent with any way the world could happen to be
(with the existence or non-existence of any state of affairs).
When a sign or string of signs fails to express a proposition it is nonsense. It is
not that such a sign or string of signs says something false; it is that it says
nothing at all, for it fails to picture anything in the world and hence has no
connection with the world. Wittgenstein includes most of the propositions of
philosophy! in this class. Because this is so, he says at the end of the Tractatus:
My propositions serve as elucidations in the following way: anyone who
understands me eventually recognizes them as nonsensical, when he has used
them & as steps & to climb up beyond them. (He must, so to speak, throw away
the ladder after he has climbed up it.)! (T 6.54; the image of the discardable
ladder comes from Schopenhauer.) The limits of what can significantly be said,
and therefore thought, thus turn out to be imposed by the structure of both
language and the world, and by the way they connect with each other through
the picturing! relation. Only when such a connection obtains do our signs (the
expressions of our language) have sense. And because the content of ethics,
religion, and the problems of life! lie outside the world & outside the realm of
facts and their constituent states of affairs & nothing can be said about them. To
try to say anything about them is, given the way language works, to fall into
nonsense. This does not, as mentioned, mean that ethics and the rest are
themselves nonsense. It is only the attempt to talk about them which is so. In
Wittgenstein's view, matters of ethical and religious significance show
themselves; they cannot be stated. Wittgenstein considered this to be a crucially
important point, and was careful to indicate that the ultimate aim of the Tractatus
is indeed to reveal, via the argument about language (thought) and the manner
of its connection with the world, just what the status of ethical and religious
values is.

38

This summary of the Tractatus's argument is very compressed. Making it clearer
requires going through its main points step by step, adding some of the detail
which explains Wittgenstein's intentions more fully. The first step is to grasp
more clearly Wittgenstein's views about each of the levels of structure in
language and the world; the second step is to understand his !picture theory" of
how language and world are linked.
What Wittgenstein says about the structure of language and the world is very
abstract. He does not, when talking of how the world is, give examples of facts,
states of affairs, and objects; nor does he give examples, in describing the
structure of language, of propositions, elementary propositions, and names. This
is deliberate. He relies on an undefined and perhaps intuitive grasp of what
!propositions" and !facts" are, and then specifies their respective finer structures
in terms of what these structures must be like in order for it to be possible that
language should (as it manifestly does) succeed in connecting with the world. In
Wittgenstein's view it is the task of an empirical enquiry, specifically psychology,
to determine the practical question of how we link language to the world in our
experience and activity, just as it is the task of natural science to describe the
structure and properties of physical things. The task in philosophy, in
Wittgenstein's view, is by contrast the wholly conceptual one of identifying the
logical conditions which must obtain for there to be a link between world and
language.
A comparison with Russell's views is informative here. Working from some of the
same basic ideas (because of his early collaboration with Wittgenstein) but with
empirical considerations expressly in view, Russell likewise argues that the
relation between language and world depends upon the fact that the simplest
elements of each are directly linked. But in Russell's theory the mechanism is
somewhat different. The link between language and the world is, for Russell as
for Wittgenstein, the relation of denotation. But for Russell the !atoms" of
language are the demonstrative pronouns !this" and !that", and the atoms of the
world are !sense-data", that is, bits of information (for
39

example, colour-patches, sensations of touch, sounds) gathered by our five
senses. The link is forged by the use we make of the demonstrative pronouns to
refer directly to sense-data. So in Russell's view language connects with the
world because at this most basic level we !name", by means of the
demonstratives, the items of sensory information that constitute our immediate
experiential contact with the world. It is interesting to observe that in his
notebooks Wittgenstein shows that he began by thinking much along the same
lines as Russell. Nevertheless he decided to restrict attention to the logical basis
of the issues, and therefore did not investigate their !psychological" aspects as
Russell had done. It is this which gives the Tractatus its highly abstract
character.
Wittgenstein's account of the world's structure occurs at the beginning of the
Tractatus. It is useful to look at the way he sets out his principal theses before
embarking on a discussion of them. From the sketch given above it will be
remembered that the chief elements of that structure are facts, which are
composed of states of affairs, which are in turn composed of objects.
Wittgenstein states this as follows:
1

The world is everything that is the case.

1.1

The world is the totality of facts, not of things.

2

What is the case * a fact * is the existence of states of affairs.

2.01

An atomic fact is a combination of objects

2.02

The object is simple.

This is the basic structure. After setting it out Wittgenstein adds some remarks
on the nature of the relation between the levels:

40

2.0271 Objects are what is unalterable and subsistent; their configuration
is what is changing and unstable.
2.032

The determinate way in which objects are connected in states of
affairs is the structure of the affairs.

2.04

The totality of existing states of affairs is the world.

2.05

The totality of existing states of affairs also determines which
states of affairs do not exist.

2.06

The existence and non-existence of states of affairs is reality.

Each of these theses carries a heavy load of significance and requires
explanation. The first (thesis 1) states that the world is everything that is. Since,
as we shall see, Wittgenstein goes on to argue that the world is represented by
propositions, and that propositions are true or false according to whether they
represent or fail to represent what is the case, it follows that the world is
everything that is represented by the totality of true propositions. This conception
is fundamental to Wittgenstein's claims about what can legitimately be said, and
what therefore cannot be said but only shown. Coming to a conclusion on these
matters is the Tractatus's aim; Wittgenstein's central concerns are therefore
present from the outset.
The second and subsequent theses concern the world's structure itself. Thesis
1.1 says that the world is not to be identified with the sum of things which exist
in it / it is not a collection of objects like, say, stones, teacups, subatomic
particles, or whatever empirical science says 1objects2 are, but rather is the
totality of facts. Examples of 1facts2 might

41

roughly be that I am writing these words at a certain time and place, that Everest
is the highest mountain on this planet, that our solar system is located in a spiral
galaxy, and so on. Wittgenstein himself does not give such examples, but
proceeds directly to an abstract specification of facts as the existence of states
of affairs. The notion of states of affairs is difficult to explain other than
intuitively. For the sake merely of illustration, we might say that my sitting at a
desk holding a pen, my doing so in Oxford in the springtime, and so on, are
among the states of affairs # the ways things are, the situations that exist #
which together constitute the fact that I am writing these words at a certain time
and place. Again, Wittgenstein expressly avoids giving such examples. He
defines a state of affairs in an austerely abstract fashion as a combination of
objects, meaning by this that a state of affairs is such that one can break it down
(analyse it) into component parts; the component parts, together with their
arrangements, are the ultimate building blocks of the state of affairs. These
building blocks are objects, and objects are simple in the sense of being
uncompounded, that is, having no structure. They therefore cannot be broken
down or analysed into something more fundamental than themselves. They
constitute the primitive elements out of which the world is constituted. Moreover,
it is essential to objects, Wittgenstein says, that they be possible constituents of
states of affairs; the thought of an object which could exist outside any possible
combination of objects (any state of affairs) is an empty thought. Since this is so,
if we had a complete inventory of all the objects there are, we would know all the
states of affairs there could possibly be, because knowing anything about a
given object involves knowing what combinations it is its essential nature to
belong to # and this is just to know what states of affairs are possible.
The fact that they are simple means that objects do not change. It is their
combinations and arrangements that do so. But when objects are in combination,
thus constituting a state of affairs, there is nothing indeterminate about their
arrangement: each such combination has a definite character. This
determinateness of arrangement is the structure

42

of a state of affairs. The structure of facts, likewise, is determined by the
structure of the states of affairs constituting them. Accordingly a complete
analysis of a fact has as its termination a specification of a determinate
combination of objects. And this means that each fact has only one correct
analysis, because each fact ultimately consists in a particular and definite
combination of the members of a particular and definite set of objects.
The last two theses noted above  2.05 and 2.06  add a further important
consideration. It is that the states of affairs which exist settle which states of
affairs do not exist. For example, matters are such that I am holding a pen, and
this excludes the state of affairs consisting in my being empty-handed. Since in
this way how things are determines how they are not, reality as a whole is the
totality of existing states of affairs together with everything their existence
excludes as non-existent.
Wittgenstein's account of the world's structure is almost as brief as it is abstract;
it occupies the first four pages of the Tractatus only. Immediately after stating it
he turns his attention to the *picture+ theory and language. But an understanding
of these latter turns crucially on the account he gives of the world's structure,
which is why the Tractatus begins with it. When it comes to the structure of
language, as we shall now see, Wittgenstein relies on the above account to
explain the nature and role of the different levels of language themselves.
It is useful, as before, to begin by setting out Wittgenstein's main theses
concerning the *propositions-elementary propositions-names+ structure of
language. As one reads through them one should keep in mind two matters: first,
the foregoing account of the world's structure, and secondly, the thesis  to be
explained more fully below  that language connects with the world by means of
a *picturing+ relation. It is necessary to anticipate one point about the picture
theory at this juncture, however: it is that, for Wittgenstein, when one thinks
about something in the world, a fact, one's thought is a logical picture of that

43

fact, and that since propositions are expressions of thoughts, propositions are
therefore themselves pictures of facts. This comes out clearly in the theses on
language structure. The theses are these:
3.

A logical picture of facts is thought.

3.1

In the proposition the thought is expressed perceptibly through the
senses.

3.2

In propositions thoughts can be so expressed that to the objects of
the thoughts correspond the elements of the propositional sign.

3.201 These elements I call "simple signs# and the proposition "completely
analyzed.#
3.203 The name means the object. The object is its meaning.
3.25

There is one and only one complete analysis of the proposition.

3.22

In a proposition a name is a representative of an object.

3.26

A name cannot be dissected further by means of a definition: it is a
primitive sign.

Remark 3.25 parallels the thesis discussed above, that each fact has a particular
and definite structure, so that an analysis of that fact, which is the same thing as
an analysis of the proposition corresponding to it, will result in a description of a
particular and definite combination of objects. The objects are denoted by the
names, the *simple signs+ which are the *elements+ (the ultimate building blocks)
of propositions; this is made clear by the last three remarks above. Wittgenstein
goes on:
4.001 The totality of propositions is the language.

44

4.11

The totality of true propositions is the total natural science (or the
totality of the natural sciences).

These two theses are direct corollaries of what Wittgenstein says about the
respective structures of language and the world and the way they connect
through the picturing relation. In them lies the substance of his claim that only
factual discourse is possible: he puts the same point more explicitly later by
saying !nothing " can be said [except] the propositions of natural science% (T
6.53). And from this it immediately follows that we cannot say anything about
what falls outside the domain of facts as described by science, namely, matters
of value, that is, ethics and religion. The two theses just quoted, 4.001 and 4.11,
are therefore central; it is typical of the Tractatus's elaborately arranged and
compressed argument that they appear before the whole of that argument has
been given. Nor do they appear together, as I have given them here; their
decimal numbers show that they are separated by discussion of several
important subsidiary issues, including these:
4.01

A proposition is a picture of reality.

4.022 A proposition shows its sense. A proposition shows how things
stand if it is true. And it says that they do so stand.
4.023 A proposition must restrict reality to two alternatives: yes or no. In
order to do that, it must describe reality completely.
The picture theory of the language-world relationship is inseparable from
Wittgenstein's account of propositions. In 4.01 the claim that propositions are
pictures is expressly made. We shall shortly investigate how the picturing relation
works. It is essential for Wittgenstein's conception of propositions as pictures of
reality that propositions should be determinate in truth-value; they are true or
they are false, and which they are depends on whether they fit the facts or fail to
do so.

45

There is no question of a partial or fuzzy correspondence between propositions
and facts: the only alternatives are yes and no  either a proposition is a
picture of a fact, or it is not. And this has to be the case, Wittgenstein says,
because, once more, of the structure of propositions, namely that propositions
are truth-functions of elementary propositions, which are themselves structures of
names:
5
A proposition is a truth-function of elementary propositions.
4.21

The simplest kind of proposition, an elementary proposition,
asserts the existence of a state of affairs.

4.25

If an elementary proposition is true, the state of affairs exists; if an
elementary proposition is false, the state of affairs does not exist.

4.22

An elementary proposition consists of names. It is a nexus, a
concatenation of names.

4.24

Names are the simple symbols.

Setting all these theses alongside those about the world makes Wittgenstein's
conception of both quite clear. From the basis of the parallel structures upwards,
the relations between them are as follows: names denote objects, and like
objects they are simple and unanalysable; elementary propositions are
concatenations of names and they assert the existence of states of affairs,
which are concatenations of objects; and propositions, the perceptible
expressions of thoughts (perceptible because one can read or hear the
propositional signs used to express them), are truth-functions of elementary
propositions. This account is wholly formal: Wittgenstein does not, as noted, give
examples of names and elementary propositions or of what they correspond to in
the world; his account is

46

devoted solely to saying that it is necessary, in order for there to be a languageworld link, that the structures of both must be like this, whatever as a matter of
fact plays the role of the names, objects, and the rest, as specified in that
account.
The austerely formal nature of the account, together with the paucity of concrete
examples, might seem puzzling until one recalls that Wittgenstein's interest lies
solely in the logical character which world and language must possess in order
for connections between them to be possible. Think of the logician's interest in
discovering the nature of valid argument forms, as described in the preceding
section: it is unnecessary to bother with particular propositions " expressed by
sentences of one or another natural language " concerned with particular things
like clocks, the moon, or anything else, but only with the form of the argument,
using a symbolism ($p%, $q%, $&%, $v%, and so on) to make that form explicit. This is
what Wittgenstein is doing in the Tractatus. It is enough for his purposes to say
something like this: the proposition $p&q% is a truth-function of the elementary
propositions $p% and $q%; $p% is a concatenation of names $w% and $x%, and $q% is a
concatenation of names $y% and $z%; and each of these levels of structure mirrors
a concomitant level of structure in the world. (Wittgenstein does not put matters
quite like this in the Tractatus, but it serves as an illustration; see T 4.24.) It is in
this way that Wittgenstein's account is a purely formal or structural one. And it
explains why he thought, unlike Russell, that $psychological% questions "
questions about what objects are, and how we come to denote them by the
names which are the primitive elements of language " were no part of his
enterprise.
Now that the parallel language-world structures have been described, it is
possible to set out the crucial matter of the $picturing% relation in which
Wittgenstein says their connection with each other consists. This is the key to
the argument so far, and this time Wittgenstein provides plenty of examples to
show what he means.
47

The idea of the picture theory was suggested to Wittgenstein, as he reports in
his Notebooks, by reading a newspaper description of how toy motor cars and
dolls were used in a Paris courtroom to depict the facts of something then
relatively new in the world, a motor-accident. The models pictured reality by
being arranged in a way exactly corresponding to the disposition of the real
people and vehicles at the time of the accident. This raises a question: what is it
for something to be a picture of something else? What is it about the miniature
streetscene in the Paris courtroom which makes it a picture of reality?
Wittgenstein begins by offering an answer to this question.
2.12

A picture is a model of reality.

2.131 In a picture the elements of the picture are the representatives of
objects.
2. 14 What constitutes a picture it that its elements are related to one
another in a determinate way.
2.15

The fact that the elements of a picture are related to one another
in a determinate way represents that things are related to one
another in the same way.

So much is obvious. Wittgenstein then says that the possibility that things in
reality can be represented by pictures + that is, can have their arrangement
displayed by the arrangement of a picture's elements + rests on the fact that
pictures have something in common with the reality they depict; and what they
have in common is of course their structure. Take a straightforward case:
suppose you are painting a still life of a hat standing to the left of a pair of boots
on a chair. If your painting is to depict that collection of objects just as it is, its
structure must accord with that of the objects' arrangement; the hat must stand
to the left of the boots in the picture. This shared structure Wittgenstein calls
pictorial form:

48

2.161 There must be something identical in a picture and what it depicts,
to enable one to be a picture of the other at all.
2.17

What a picture must have in common with reality in order to be
able to depict itcorrectly or incorrectlyin the way it does, is
pictorial form.

It is pictorial form, therefore, understood as the possibility of identity of structure
between a picture and what it depicts, which makes the picturing relationship
possible. But there is a further point: the structure shared between picture and
reality is a structure of elements, the elements of the picture and the elements of
the depicted reality. The link between a particular picture and reality is a link
between their respective elements:
2.1514 The pictorial relationship consists of the correlations of the
picture&s elements with things.
2.1511 That is how a picture is attached to reality; it reaches right out to
it.
2.1512 It is laid against reality like a ruler.
All these theses are the answer to the question about what constitutes a picture.
The transition to the crucial thesis that propositions are pictures, in just this
sense, is effected by Wittgenstein in two brief steps. The first consists in his
stating that every picture is a logical picture (T 2.182). What this means can be
put as follows. Pictures are not all of the same

49

kind  not all pictures are, say, spatial ones; if a monotone picture depicts things
as coloured, it cannot use colour to do so; and so on  but every picture has
pictorial form, that is, the essential possibility of possessing a community of
structure with what it depicts, and only if something satisfies this minimum
requirement can it be a picture. The point here therefore concerns the logical
condition for a picture to be a picture. The condition is a logical one because it
turns solely on considerations about the form or structure which, when the
picturing relation obtains, must of necessity be shared by the picture and what it
depicts so that the picturing relation can obtain between them. Therefore,
Wittgenstein says, pictorial form is logical form (T 2.181 and 2.182 again). And
this means that anything possessing a logical form is a picture.
Wittgenstein's second step concerns truth and falsity. He says: (A picture agrees
with reality or fails to agree; it is correct or incorrect, true or false) (T 2.21). The
point is intended to be intuitive. If a picture successfully shows how things are in
reality, it (agrees) with that reality, and we therefore say that it is a correct
depiction. Where the picture in question is a thought or proposition, we call its
agreement with reality (truth) and the converse (falsity). The division between
(agreement) and (disagreement) is absolute  one recalls Wittgenstein's saying at
4.023 that the only alternatives are yes and no.
The ground is now prepared for the picture theory of the proposition itself. Thesis
4.01, already quoted, asserts (A proposition is a picture of reality), and the main
steps by which Wittgenstein arrives at it consist in the two theses, also already
quoted, that (A logical picture of facts is a thought) (T 3) and a proposition is an
expression of a thought (T 3.1). Wittgenstein now gives an account of what 4.01
means.
At first sight, he says, propositions do not seem to be pictures at all; but then at
first sight musical notation does not appear to be a picture of music, and the
alphabet does not seem to be a picture of speech; (and

50

yet these sign-languages prove to be pictures, even in the ordinary sense, of
what they represent (T 4.011). The musical analogy particularly well expresses
Wittgenstein's point:
4.014 A gramophone record, the musical idea, the written notes, and the
sound waves, all stand to one another in the same relation of
depicting that holds between language and the world.
To all of them the logical structure is common.
That this is so can be seen by noting that there are rules which enable a
musician to translate a musical score into movements of his fingers on the
keyboard, and thence, by means of the piano's mechanism, into sounds.
Similarly, the structure of the grooves on a gramophone record are precisely
correlative with the sounds which are produced when the record is played; and
someone suitably trained could listen to the record and transcribe the music
back into notation. The grooves, the sounds, the notation all have the same
logical form. There is an essential connection between them, and that connection
is their shared logical form. Wittgenstein says that just in the way a musical
score depicts the sounds heard when it is played, so a proposition is a picture of
reality in virtue of the same internal relation of shared logical form.
4.021 A proposition is a picture of reality: for if I understand a
proposition, I know the situation that it represents.
4.03

A proposition communicates a situation to us, therefore it must be
essentially connected with the situation.
And the connection is precisely that it is its logical picture.

This explains what Wittgenstein meant by saying, in 4.022 quoted earlier, .A
proposition shows its sense. The concept or sense is what would colloquially be
explained as .meaning: the sense (meaning) of a proposition is the fact it
pictures:
51

4.031 Instead of This proposition has such and such sense, we can
simply say This proposition represents such and such a situation.
And what is meant by represents here is straightforward. In talking of pictures
representing reality Wittgenstein earlier says: What a picture represents
[portrays, depicts, shows] is its sense; thus, the sense of a proposition is the
situation in reality which it depicts.
The final step in this account consists in Wittgenstein's tying together his theses
about the structure of language, the structure of the world, and the picture
theory:
4.0311 One name stands for one thing, another for another thing, and
they are combined with one another. In this way the whole
group)like a tableau vivant)presents a state of affairs.
4.0312 The possibility of propositions is based on the principle that
objects have signs as their representatives.
From what has gone before, the import of these remarks is clear; it establishes
the link between the elements . names and objects . on which the picturing
relation ultimately rests.
That, then, is the central argument of the Tractatus. Upon it rest the theses
which it is Wittgenstein's overall aim to establish. These, it will be remembered,
are that the only significant propositions (and hence thoughts) are those which
are pictures of reality . that is, which are pictures of how things are in the world.
And this in turn is to say that the only significant discourse is factual discourse
(the propositions of natural science). This has to be so, on Wittgenstein's
theory, because if sense (colloquially, meaning) attaches to propositions only in
virtue of

52

their being pictures of reality  and reality is the sum of facts, that is, the existing
states of affairs (whose existence determines what is not the case too, so that
reality is complete and determinate)  then attempts to talk and think about what
does not fall within the realm of facts literally has no sense, because such
thought and talk does not picture anything: there is nothing for them to picture.
The most significant consequence of this  a point familiar by now  is that
nothing can be said about ethics, religion, and the problems of life; but before
examining this consequence it is important to note another, namely the position
in which Wittgenstein's theory leaves philosophy and logic.
The problem here is this. Because only factual discourse has sense, and
because the propositions of philosophy and logic are not factual propositions, it
follows that the propositions of philosophy and logic which Wittgenstein uses to
state his theory are themselves senseless. His theory therefore appears
paradoxical. But Wittgenstein is aware of this, and in response gives an account
of what philosophy is and, separately, an account of the status of logic.
Concerning philosophy he says:
4.111 Philosophy is not one of the natural sciences.
4.112 Philosophy aims at the logical clarification of thoughts.
Philosophy is not a body of doctrine but an activity.
A philosophical work consists essentially of elucidations.
Philosophy does not result in ,philosophical propositions-, but
rather in the clarification of propositions.
Without philosophy thoughts are, as it were, cloudy and indistinct:
its task is to make them clear and to give them sharp boundaries.
4.114 It must set limits to what can be thought; and, in doing so, to what
cannot be thought.

53

4.115 It will signify what cannot be said, by presenting clearly what can
be said.
The task Wittgenstein allots to philosophy therefore is elucidation, which is the
process of clarifying our thought and talk. And, consistently, this is just what the
Tractatus aims to do; in the last two quoted theses it could just as well refer to
the Tractatus itself as to philosophy. In 4.114 Wittgenstem adds: [Philosophy]
must set limits to thought by working outwards through what can be thought.
This process of working outwards by means of elucidations or clarifications
results, in Wittgenstein's view, in the attainment of a point of vantage from which
one can survey the limits of meaningful discourse, and from which we can
therefore recognize, for exactly what they are, the steps which brought us there:
6.54

My propositions serve as elucidations in the following way: anyone
who understands me eventually recognizes them as nonsensical,
when he has used them/as steps/to climb up beyond them. (He
must, so to speak, throw away the ladder after he has climbed up
it.)
He must transcend these propositions, and then he will see the
world aright.

Logic is in a different case. It will be remembered that the truth-values of
ordinary propositions depend upon those of their constituent elementary
propositions, in just the way described by means of truth tables in the preceding
section. Accordingly, ordinary propositions will sometimes be true and sometimes
false depending upon how things stand in the world. But the true propositions of
logic are always true, no matter what the distribution of truth-values among their
constituents; and propositions which are logically false are always false, no
matter what the truth-values of their constituents. The former are tautologies, the
latter contradictions (T 4.46). Accordingly, the truth-value of logical propositions
is independent of how things

54

are in the world: in Wittgenstein's characterization they say nothing (T 6.11).
It does not follow that logic is vacuous. On the contrary, it has an important role
as the instrument used in describing the fundamental structure of world and
language, which Wittgenstein describes by saying the propositions of logic
describe the scaffolding of the world; and they do this by showing what has to
be the case for language to have sense (T 6.124). All that logic presupposes is
that names denote objects and propositions have sense (ibid.); otherwise logic
has nothing to do with [questions about what] our world really is like (T 6.1233).
But although the task performed by logic is the wholly general and formal one of
showing what the structures of world and language have to be in order for them
to connect, it is crucial; for it thereby shows what the limits of meaningful
discourse are.
Since, as we have seen, those limits enclose factual discourse only, everything
to do with value and religion falls outside them. Accordingly, nothing can be said
about these matters. But they are what is truly important; Wittgenstein describes
them as what is higher (T 6.42), and both in the Tractatus and in several letters
he emphasizes the point that they are what the Tractatus is, in the end, really
about 2 even though this is shown by the Tractatus's being (almost) silent about
them. To understand this one must grasp a point which Wittgenstein emphasizes
in connection with his main argument and his view of philosophy as elucidation.
This is that one cannot properly use langauge to talk about language; one
cannot properly say that propositions have a certain structure the elements of
which are linked, through the picturing relation, with elements of the world. Of
course, this is exactly what the Tractatus is largely about; but the propositions of
the Tractatus, which are philosophical and therefore elucidatory propositions, are
steps of a discardable ladder, as we have just seen. Strictly, the logical
structures of language, world, and their relation show themselves or make
themselves manifest when one sees them aright. Wittgenstein

55

puts this by saying: Propositions cannot represent logical form: it is mirrored in
them. What finds its reflection in language, language cannot represent. (T 4.121)
Now, in just the same way, one cannot say things of an ethical or religious
nature, for these matters lie outside the limits of language and therefore there is
nothing for propositions about them to picture % which means that such
propositions cannot have sense. Rather, the ethical and religious show
themselves: There are indeed things that cannot be put into words. They make
themselves manifest. They are what is mystical. (T 6.522)
One possible explanation of Wittgenstein's intentions here is that he is seeking to
protect matters of value from the debunking encroachments of science. Science
deals with the world, the realm of facts, and how things are in the world is
contingent, that is, accidental; things happen to be the way they are in the world,
and might well have been otherwise (T 6.41). But matters of value cannot be
accidental, Wittgenstein says; they are too important (ibid.). Since the realms of
fact and value are utterly distinct, the propositions of the former cannot be used
to describe or explain anything to do with the latter. The latter transcend, that is
lie beyond the limits of, the world.
Wittgenstein does not, however, restrict himself to these negative points. In a
few brief and unsystematic remarks occupying the last four pages of the
Tractatus he indicates what he thinks the ethical and religious show of
themselves. He says that good or bad acts of the will make no difference to the
world, in the sense that they do not change any facts about how things are in
the world, but rather that they alter the limits of the world (T 6.43), that is, they
affect how the world as a whole appears to the moral agent. Accordingly, to the
good-willed agent the world appears altogether different from the world of the
bad-willed agent (ibid.). Wittgenstein then says: The world of the happy man is a
different one from that of the unhappy man (ibid.). This suggests either that
good-willing produces or is attended by happiness for the good-willed agent, and
the opposite for the bad-willed agent; or

56

that the fundamental moral good is happiness itself. The latter interpretation has
commended itself to some commentators, but the former appears to be better
supported by what Wittgenstein says in the accompanying discussion: in a
remark shortly preceding T 6.43 he says that ethical reward and punishment
must reside in actions themselves, and are not to be thought of in association
with their consequences in the realm of facts, which is the !usual sense" of the
terms !punishment" and !reward" (T 6.422). The thought therefore seems to be
that goodwilling contains its own reward & happiness & and bad-willing the
converse.
Wittgenstein's view that matters of value concern the world as a whole, and not
matters of fact within it, is reinforced by his remarks about death and God. At my
death, he says, the world does not change for me, but ends (T 6.431); therefore
my own death is not an event in my life & !we do not live to experience death" &
and in a sense therefore !Our life has no end in just the way our visual field has
no limits" (T 6.4311). Again, concerning God, he says !How things are in the
world is a matter of complete indifference to what is higher. God does not reveal
himself in the world" (T 6.432). This remark says that considerations about God,
as perhaps the source or focus of value, are solely related to the world as a
whole, just as with matters of value themselves. Two propositions bear this out:
6.44
6.45

It is not how things are in the world that is mystical, but that it
exists.
To view the world sub specie aeterni is to view it as a whole2a
limited whole.
Feeling the world as a limited whole2it is this that is mystical.

These remarks lead up to the famous last sentence of the Tractatus & !Whereof
we cannot speak, thereof we must be silent" (T 7) & and Wittgenstein asserts this
for the now familiar reason that since ethical

57

and religious matters lie outside the world, nothing can be said about them. This,
Wittgenstein says in his letters, is the real point of his argument, arrived at by
means of a logical investigation into the nature of language, world, and their
connection.
Some comments and questions
The Tractatus has had a curious fate. It is treated as a work of historical interest
rather than as an argument requiring the challenge and testing which
philosophical theses usually receive. It is often expounded, explained, and
interpreted, but it is rarely criticized in a serious way. For this there are good
reasons. The chief of them has to do with the Tractatus's place in Wittgenstein's
philosophical development: it is an early work, and it was in effect repudiated by
its author # indeed Wittgenstein came to make a rejection of its central doctrines
the very cornerstone of his later philosophy. Few of its ideas, accordingly, are
treated as genuine candidates for adoption or rejection. And this is why
commentators, although they recognize a need to explain the Tractatus, very
rarely offer a critical assessment of it. In certain respects the Tractatus is like the
game of chess. One cannot imagine thinking that the Tractatus might be true
any more than one can imagine thinking that a game of chess might be true.
This is because the Tractatus is an uninterpreted calculus. The key notions
'object(, 'name(, and so on are formal devices like the pieces in chess: the
'queen( in chess is not in any sense a queen, even a toy one, but is a purely
formal entity defined by its permitted moves alone. This is what the 'objects( and
'names( of the Tractatus are; they are elements of abstract parallel structures,
defined only by their roles and mutual relations. The 'names( and 'objects( of the
Tractatus are very remote from being names (like 'Tom() and objects (like
teacups) # as remote as a chess queen is from being a queen.
When, however, one turns to giving a critical assessment of the Tractatus, as
Wittgenstein himself did, it quickly becomes apparent that

58

there are many reasons for calling its doctrines into question. Some, briefly, are
as follows.
The first is a criticism which Wittgenstein himself came to level at the Tractatus
and which prompted him to take a quite different approach in his major later
work, the Philosophical Investigations. It is this: the Tractatus has a symmetry,
neatness, and apparent rigour of just the kind which makes, say, an elegant
proof in mathematics so pleasing to the intellect. But it has this character at too
high a cost, for what its symmetry and appearance of rigour result in is a huge
oversimplification of the issues with which it deals. This comes out in a number
of ways.
First, Wittgenstein assumed in the Tractatus that language has a single essence
which he could specify by unearthing its logical structure. The tendentious
concepts are those of the essence and of the logical form of language. The idea
that language has a unitary nature which can be captured in a single formula,
identifying which provides at a stroke solutions to all philosophical problems
about thought, the world, value, religion, truth, and more, is an extraordinarily
ambitious one, but it is what the early Wittgenstein asks us to accept. In the
Philosophical Investigations Wittgenstein rejects this oversimplification and
argues the opposite $ that language is a vast collection of different activities
each with its own logic. What the theory of the Tractatus offers in effect is a
badly distorted view of language. Wittgenstein is there committed to saying that
language is the sum total of propositions, where by %propositions& he means what
is asserted by declarative sentences like %the table is brown&, %it is raining&, that is
statements of fact. But to think that language is employed exclusively to make
statements is to ignore a host of other uses of language, such as questioning,
commanding, exhorting, warning, promising, and much else besides. None of
these uses can be explained in terms of the Tractatus's account of language
structure and the way sense attaches to propositions by means of the picturing
relation. On the Tractatus's principles, because questions,

59

commands, promises, and the rest are not propositions, and hence not pictures
of facts, they are senseless. But since these large areas of language are far
from being senseless, a theory is needed which will take them properly into
account.
In short, the Tractatus wholly neglects the great variety of language upon which
Wittgenstein, in his later philosophy, insists; and this makes it possible to accept
the theory of the Tractatus for a small fragment of language only. But even in the
case of that fragment  the propositions expressed by declarative sentences 
Wittgenstein came to reject his Tractatus view, for this was that the ultimate
word-world link is the relation of denotation, the claim being that the meaning of
a name is the object it denotes. Such a view will not bear scrutiny either, for
reasons to be discussed later; Wittgenstein indeed opens the Philosophical
Investigations with a lengthy refutation of it. And so the Tractatus's theory of
language, as Wittgenstein himself came to argue, is simplistic and distorting, and
has therefore to be rejected.
It might fairly be asked why Wittgenstein  and others, Russell among them 
did not see this at the time the Tractatus was written. The answer is that
Wittgenstein  like those others  was beguiled into thinking about language and
the world in terms of a particular model. This was the atomistic model.
Wittgenstein's thesis rests on the assumption that language and the world are
complex and hence structured, and that therefore their structures can be
analysed into their simplest and most basic elements (or at least into simpler and
more basic ones). He also assumes that logic is tailor-made for describing and
analysing these structures. With these assumptions go others; for example, that
language can be treated as a truth-functional structure, and it is easy to live with
this particular assumption only if one thinks that all language consists in
proposition-asserting declarative sentences (or at least, that all sentences can be
turned into them).
These and allied assumptions raise a number of important questions. Is
60

it clear that the logic of Frege and Russell is peculiarly the right one for
analysing language and the world? Other candidates for the logic of natural
language have been proposed. This prompts doubts of the kind Wittgenstein
himself later felt about what if anything is meant by talk of the logical form of
language. In any case, do language and the world have underlying structures
which are different from their surface structures? If so, is it clear that these
underlying structures are anything like they are said to be in the Tractatus? Why
indeed should we accept Wittgenstein's pronouncements on this matter in the
Tractatus's early part? $ for he gives no argument there to show that this view of
language and the world is correct.
In the Tractatus Wittgenstein offers no account or defence of any of his basic
assumptions, almost all of which, as we see from these examples, very much
require both. The concepts of analysis, logical form, Frege-Russell logic $ all
these and more hang together in a pattern which makes doctrines like those of
the Tractatus and Russell's Logical Atomism inevitable as an outcome if one
accepts and works with them. The application of these concepts in Russell's
work, given his interest in how they connect with the everyday matters of
perceiving, judging, knowing, determining truth, and so on, results in a more
concrete (although, in the end, no more acceptable) theory than Wittgenstein
offers; it is Wittgenstein's wholly abstract use of them which issues in the chesslike character of the Tractatus theory. But the most important point is the one
selected by Wittgenstein himself for particular attack when he came to work out
his later philosophy, namely the fact that the Tractatus oversimplifies and distorts
language. And it does this by claiming that language is the sum of propositions,
that it has a single essence, that this essence is describable in terms of
predicate logic, that language and world have parallel structures which connect
by means of the picturing relationship, and that sense attaches to what we say
(and therefore think) only if what we say is a picture of a fact. Wittgenstein came
to reject all this.

61

Even were we to ignore the foregoing remarks, however, we would find other
difficulties in the theory of the Tractatus. It is as we have seen a theory about
the connection of language and the world; but, as we have also seen, in setting
it out Wittgenstein refuses to specify what he means by names, objects,
elementary propositions, and states of affairs and we can now look at a
simple but important reason why it matters that these notions have been left
unexplained.
On the Tractatus view, a proposition is true if it pictures or corresponds to what
is the case. As it stands this seems to be an unexceptionable characterization of
what it is for a proposition to be true; but a little probing reveals trouble. Leaving
the Tractatus aside for a moment, suppose we consider the proposition the cat
is on the mat, asserted when a given real cat is on a real mat. What is the
structure of the proposition? What is the structure of the fact? How exactly do
they correspond? We might setting aside problems about denotation itself
be tempted to analyse the proposition into two denoting terms and a relational
expression, or even into three denoting terms with is on denoting a relation and
not a thing; but there is no such apparently ready way with the fact, since there
are only two things present, the cat and the mat, and it is hard to see how the
relation between them is a constituent of the fact in the same way that the cat
and the mat are, for these latter are concrete entities whereas relations are
abstract. At the very outset, then, facts and their correspondent propositions are
awkward to analyse into their constituents because it is unclear what is to count
as a constituent. In the case of a proposition like the car is blue the problem
comes into even sharper focus, for here on the face of it there are two
propositional constituents, namely, a subject and a predicate, but just one blue
car unless one chooses to think that the fact in which the existence of a blue
car consists is somehow composed of a car and a blueness, a thing and a
property. But this will not do; why not say that the fact is composed of a car, a
blueness, and four tyrenesses, or any other combination of items and properties
one cares to think of?

62

These remarks are cursory, but they are enough to show that when one reflects
on the theory of the Tractatus it becomes extraordinarily hard to see what the
psychological enquiry left aside by Wittgenstein could yield in the way of
candidates for objects, names, and the rest. One example shows why. In the
cat-on-the-mat case, the thought was that the word cat might denote an object,
namely the cat. But the word cat cannot serve as a name in the Tractatus's
sense, nor a cat as an object, for cats are complex, analysable things & they
are, as it were, states of affairs & whereas objects are simple, unchanging, and
unanalysable. Since cats are not objects, cat cannot on the Tractatus theory be
a name. But then & and here is our chess difficulty concerning the Tractatus &
what are the names and objects? In the absence of any indication it is
impossible to know whether the picture theory of the relation between language
and the world is even half-way plausible: yet this is the centrepiece of the
Tractatus theory. This is not a minor cavil. It says that when one stays within the
circle of Wittgenstein's key concepts, an impression of informativeness subsists &
but any probing, or any attempt to relate them to more concrete matters, seems
to leave one with a piece of useless conceptual apparatus.
Part of the problem here is connected with a more general one, which is that the
Tractatus contains few arguments. Its theses are asserted, and the support or
supplement they get is various: sometimes an illustration, sometimes an
expansion or a definition, often a metaphor or simile. These occur much more
frequently than do arguments or proofs of the kind standardly employed in
philosophical discussion. At crucial points the only explanation offered for
important theses is a figure of speech, as with the key remarks about the
picturing relation & That is how a picture is attached to reality: it reaches right
out to it (T 2.1511); It is laid against reality like a ruler (T 2.1512); These
correlations are, as it were, the feelers of the picture's elements with which the
picture touches reality (T 2.1515). It is of course true that in Wittgenstein's view
philosophy consists in giving elucidations, and

63

does not consist in 
propositions in the Tractatus's sense; but a reader might
have grounds for thinking that nothing has been elucidated if the most important
concepts deployed  as with 
names and 
objects  have been left
uninterpreted, so that he cannot grasp what moves have been made by their
employment; or if talk of crucial aspects of the theory, as with 
picturing,
proceeds in terms of metaphors in which pictures have 
feelers, or similes in
which a picture is 
like a ruler  laid against reality. These considerations are
important for an assessment of the Tractatus. In connection with the theses
about language and its picturing relation to the world, the consequence is that
once one has stepped back from the architectonic issues, and begun to try to
make working sense of the theory (to 
see the world aright in Wittgenstein's
words), the project turns out to be unfeasible: for, quite literally, one does not
know what Wittgenstein takes himself to be talking about.
Something like this difficulty infects Wittgenstein's closing remarks about matters
of value also. Ramsey remarked that to describe ethics as 
nonsense but
important nonsense is too like having one's cake and eating it. His comment
touches a nerve. Wittgenstein accords to value a transcendent and detached
character which fits ill with the fact that ethical concerns are anything but thus
detached: morally problematic situations arise every day, and the sense in which
they are problematic is in important part a matter of what the facts are in those
situations. For example, our judging that it is immoral to inflict gratuitous pain
upon animals rests in important part on facts about the capacity of animals to
feel pain (there is nothing immoral, by contrast, about kicking a stone); so here
the contingent facts about how things are in the world make a difference to our
actions in the affairs of daily life. Moreover, if it were true that value somehow
just 
manifested itself, as Wittgenstein says it does, it would be puzzling why
conflicts and disagreements should arise over ethical questions, or why people
can passionately and sincerely hold views which are quite opposite to those held
with equal passion and sincerity by others.

64

There are other more detailed criticisms one might urge against the Tractatus
were there space to pursue them. A point which should be stressed, however, is
that although Wittgenstein was unsparing of his earlier self in rejecting or
amending that self's commitments, this does not mean that his later outlook is
entirely opposed to his earlier one; there are continuities as well as changes
between the two phases of his thought, as we shall see.

The influence of the early philosophy
On the standard view of Wittgenstein's early philosophical influence it is held that
the Tractatus constituted a major source of inspiration for !Logical Positivism$, the
theory developed by the Vienna Circle. In line with this view a writer on the
recent history of philosophy, J. O. Urmson, is able to say, without feeling the
need to qualify, that some of the Circle's views were !based largely on
Wittgenstein's Tractatus, by which they had been profoundly influenced$. There
are many similar statements in other writings about the period. In addition, the
standard view has it that the influence was a one-way affair; commentators on
Wittgenstein's later philosophy make little of the supposition that the changes
which occurred in his thought during the 1920s and especially 1930s, many of
them radical, resulted in any way from his contacts with the Circle and its ideas.
More recent studies suggest that the relationship between Wittgenstein's early
work and that of the Circle was by no means so straightforward. That there was
a connection is not in doubt; but it seems that Wittgenstein's influence was much
less than has been supposed, being exercised in the main on just two of the
Circle's members, who, however, did not as a result come to disagree with the
rest of the Circle (except on certain points largely independent of Wittgenstein's
theories).
These matters will be discussed shortly. First, it is important to note a

65

much earlier effect of Wittgenstein's work, one which manifested itself years
before the Tractatus was published. This was Wittgenstein's influence on
Russell. Wittgenstein was led to study under Russell as a result of reading
Russell's Principles of Mathematics. That book, and the Principia Mathematica
which Russell wrote with Whitehead, had an enormous effect on Wittgenstein;
the Tractatus indeed owes its existence and many of its ideas to them. But in
working with Russell at Cambridge during 1912$13, Wittgenstein quickly ceased
to be a pupil, and the discussions between them resulted in their each
developing views which, although rather different in completed form (the
Tractatus and Russell's Lectures on Logical Atomism of 1918), share certain
fundamentals and a common starting point in the conception of logic as
revealing the structure of language and the world. So far as the fundamentals
and the starting point are concerned, Russell is the main source. (Those who
have some knowledge of philosophy would recognize that Russell had himself
been influenced by his first-hand study of Frege and Leibniz; and to these
influences, which give rise to the logical and metaphysical aspects of Russell's
work, must be added that of Hume, from whom Russell's epistemology in large
part derives. Wittgenstein accordingly inherits these influences through Russell.
His other influences are Schopenhauer and, through him, Kant.) But
Wittgenstein's responses to what he learned from Russell in their turn influenced
the development of the latter's thought, and it is this reciprocity which makes for
the points of similarity between their views in the next several years. When
Russell published his Lectures on Logical Atomism he described the theses they
contain as having been 2learned from my friend Wittgenstein3, a characteristically
generous remark which in fact overstates the debt, since most of what is
essential to Russell's views in the Lectures is already to be found in work
published before he met Wittgenstein.
One major result of Wittgenstein's influence was that Russell left unpublished a
book he was writing when Wittgenstein first came to Cambridge. It was to have
been called Theory of Knowledge. Only its first

66

six chapters saw light of day, in the form of articles; Russell abandoned the rest
as a result of Wittgenstein's hostility to it. In a letter to a friend, written in 1913,
Russell reported what had happened: "We were both cross from the heat. I
showed [Wittgenstein] a crucial part of what I had been writing. He said it was all
wrong, not realising the difficulties & that he had tried my view and knew it
wouldn't work. I couldn't understand his objection & in fact he was very
inarticulate & but I feel in my bones that he must be right, and he has seen
something that I have missed*. (It appears from memoirs of Wittgenstein that this
procedure of demolishing someone's views, and confidence, more by the manner
than the content of his opposition was characteristic of him throughout his life.)
The relinquishing of so substantial a project by Russell testifies to his estimation
of Wittgenstein at the time and the nature of the intellectual relations between
them. The forfeiture of Russell's book must count as Wittgenstein's first effect on
philosophy.
As indicated, the question of Wittgenstein's relations with the Vienna Circle are
less straightforward to describe. The Circle in great measure owed its existence
to Moritz Schlick, who arrived in Vienna in 1922 as Professor in the philosophy
of inductive science. What began as a discussion group became in due course
more organized, with a programme of research and a journal, Erkenntnis, to
publish its results. The Circle had among its members a number of extremely
able people; apart from Schlick himself there were, for example, Rudolf Carnap,
Otto Neurath, and Hans Reichenbach. The group met for over ten years from the
mid-1920s onwards, and broke up as a result of its members being driven into
exile by Fascism.
Central to the doctrine propounded by members of the Circle, "Logical
Positivism*, is the requirement that a line of demarcation be drawn between
science and what the Circle's members, giving the word a pejorative connotation,
labelled "metaphysics* (in their usage a synonym for "nonsense*). They did this
by saying that only propositions concerned with matters of fact or with logical
relations between
67

concepts are meaningful. Propositions not falling into either of these two classes
 the propositions of ethics and religion, for example  they regarded as
expressions having emotional or exhortatory but not cognitive content; strictly,
they lack sense. Factual propositions, they said, are based upon experience, and
are significant because they can be verified or falsified by experience. The other
class of significant propositions  those concerning logical relations between
concepts  they called analytic! propositions, and defined them as those whose
truth-value can be determined simply by inspecting the meaning of the words (or
symbols) in which they consist. These include the propositions of logic and
mathematics. And the Positivists held that the purpose of philosophy is to clarify
the propositions of empirical science by means of logical analysis of meaning,
with philosophy so conceived counting as part of science and not as an
independent discipline.
On the face of it there is much common ground between these views and what
is said in the Tractatus. Wittgenstein talks of propositions as pictures of facts; of
logic as tautological or analytic!; of philosophy's role being confined to
elucidations!; and of the nonsensicality of all propositions other than those of
natural science, logic, and mathematics. These apparent similarities led the
Circle's members to study the Tractatus carefully at their meetings in 1925 and
1926, and prompted Schlick to arrange discussions with Wittgenstein. Schlick's
wife has left a record of the excitement her husband felt after his first encounter
with Wittgenstein in 1927. For a time Wittgenstein had talks with other members
of the Circle also, among them Carnap and Feigl; but soon his regular contacts
were limited to Schlick and an associate of Schlick's called Friedrich Waismann.
Although Wittgenstein left Vienna for Cambridge in 1929 he frequently returned
for visits, and on these occasions as well as by letter his relations with Schlick
and Waismann were maintained. This lasted until Schlick was murdered by a
student (probably for political reasons) on the steps of Vienna University in 1936.

68

Wittgenstein's contacts with Schlick and Waismann were therefore considerable.
The latter kept a record of their discussions with Wittgenstein in the years 1929
31 which has been published. Schlick encouraged Wittgenstein to collaborate
with Waismann on a book explaining the Tractatus's doctrines together with the
developments in Wittgenstein's thought since its publication. Waismann was to
write it under Wittgenstein's guidance. When by the early 1930s it became clear
that Wittgenstein's thought had changed too much for that project to be
worthwhile, Schlick kept the plan alive by persuading Wittgenstein to let
Waismann present his new views instead. Waismann laboured under
Wittgenstein's changes of mind throughout these years, rarely to the latter's
satisfaction; the resultant book was published under Waismann's own name
much later, in 1967, six years after its author's death. During the period of
collaboration between Wittgenstein and Waismann, however, Waismann
published aspects of Wittgenstein's newly emerging views in several lectures and
articles.
Although Wittgenstein's contacts with these two members of the Circle were
extensive, they did not have much effect on Schlick's Positivism. As with others
of the Circle, Schlick's views were established before he met Wittgenstein; their
sources lay in Hume, Ernst Mach, and the empiricist tradition of philosophy,
together with the logic of Russell and Frege (the Circle's other leader, Carnap,
had studied with Frege at Jena in the years 191014). By the time the Circle
was established as a group with a definite identity and research programme,
therefore, its basic Positivist tenets were well entrenched. Moreover, a number of
the Circle's members, particularly Carnap and Reichenbach, have left accounts
of Wittgenstein's effect on the Circle which show that the Tractatus's impact was
minor and even, in some ways, negative. At the 192526 meetings when the
Tractatus was being discussed, Neurath constantly interjected 9Metaphysics!; 
as noted, a Positivist term of abuse  and in a letter to Waismann some years
later Neurath wrote: 9The Wittgenstein period took you (and to some extent
Schlick as well) away from our common task.; Carnap wrote in his intellectual

69

autobiography: I had erroneously believed that [Wittgenstein's] attitude to
metaphysics was similar to ours. I had not paid sufficient attention to the
statements in his book, because his feelings and thoughts in this area were too
divergent from mine.!
The most telling evidence for determining the extent of Wittgenstein's effect on
the Vienna Circle lies not so much in the reports and recollections of its
members as in their publications and the doctrines advanced in them. The books
and papers which flowed from the Circle reveal not just that Wittgenstein's
influence was minimal but that it could not have been otherwise, for there are
many deep differences between the theses of the Tractatus and those of Logical
Positivism. The chief of these is evident, first, in the Positivists' view that the
foundations of factual knowledge lie in empirical observation (later modified by
Neurath and Carnap, in opposition to the others, into a form of coherence!
theory in which the basic propositions are determined by theoretical needs rather
than by raw observation!; secondly, in the Positivists' theories of probability and
induction, to which they accorded great importance; thirdly, in the marginal
position accorded by Positivism to matters of value and religion , most of the
Positivists were scornful of religion, regarding it as primitive superstition, whereas
Wittgenstein throughout his life retained the deepest respect for it; fourthly, in the
Positivists' belief in the unity of science!, which, as Waismann's records show,
Wittgenstein found conceptually unattractive; and in a number of other, detailed
respects besides.
What, indeed, the evidence suggests is that it was Wittgenstein who was
influenced by the Circle's ideas rather more than the converse , not in the sense
that he came to be, except rather briefly, something of a Positivist himself, but
negatively, in that he came to put progressively greater distance between himself
and those tenets in the Tractatus which were, however superficially, similar to
the Positivists' outlook, as if a greater realization of its Positivistic elements
persuaded him that the

70

Tractatus was in important respects mistaken. Writing to Schlick in 1932
Wittgenstein says: There are many, many formulations in that book [the
Tractatus] that I am no longer in agreement with$, and this sentiment is
emphasized in Waismann's record of Wittgenstein's conversations. At least part
of the impetus to Wittgenstein's later philosophy is accordingly the result of his
learning from the Positivists what he could no longer agree with in his own
earlier work.
One of the things which may have led commentators to overstate Wittgenstein's
effect on the Circle is that in his conversations with Schlick and Waismann in the
late 1920s, when Wittgenstein himself was in his most Positivist phase as a
result of Schlick's influence on him, he gave neat formulation to a principle
already espoused by the Positivists, namely that the meaning of a statement is
its method of verification$, which is to say that a statement's sense consists in
the methods employed to determine whether it is true or false. This idea, on an
interpretation which Wittgenstein was then prepared to give of the Tractatus's
doctrines, accords with his view that propositions are true or false depending
upon whether or not they correctly picture the facts. Schlick made much of
Wittgenstein's way of stating the principle; when A. J. Ayer publicized the Circle's
ideas in English in his Language, Truth and Logic (1936) the verification principle
occupied pride of place and excited much debate. But it was the form of words
rather than the conception which Wittgenstein contributed; and he did not share
the verificationist outlook, at least in its blunt Positivistic version, for long.
For the foregoing among other reasons, it is no longer possible to think of the
Tractatus as having inspired a philosophical movement, as most earlier
commentators claimed. This does not, however, mean that the Tractatus is a
negligible work historically. It has interest because it is an uncompromising,
indeed an extreme, example of Logical Atomism$, and therefore shows with
some vividness what that species of view can

71

involve. But its chief importance resides in its being the source, in part positively
and in larger part negatively, for Wittgenstein's own later philosophy, developed
from the early 1930s onwards. To this we now turn.

72

Chapter 3
The later philosophy

The topic of this chapter is Wittgenstein's mature work, contained in his writings
from the mid-1930s until his death in 1951. In the half-decade prior to this,
however, Wittgenstein's thought went through a period of transition in which the
themes of the later philosophy emerged from his reconsideration of the
Tractatus. I begin by sketching this transition briefly.
In the following sections most of what is central to Wittgenstein's later philosophy
is canvassed. I have, however, omitted specific consideration of his philosophy
of mathematics and the shorter posthumously published writings; Wittgenstein's
position is essentially the same in these as in the chief works considered below,
which are the Philosophical Investigations, Zettel, and On Certainty.

The transitional period
Part of the story about the development of Wittgenstein's later philosophy is told
in the last section, dealing with the contacts between Wittgenstein and the
Vienna Circle. As suggested there, in the years during which he had discussions
with members of the Circle, Wittgenstein began by maintaining his early views,
went through a phase of giving them a Positivistic interpretation, and then in the
early 1930s came to think them wrong in a number of important respects.

73

5. One of the last photographs of Wittgenstein, in the garden at the von
Wrights' home in Cambridge with a bedsheet draped behind him for a
background.

74

After his return to Cambridge in 1929 Wittgenstein embarked upon a period of
intense intellectual activity during which he wrote a great deal. This transitional
phase lasted approximately until 1935, by which time many of the ideas to be
met with in the Philosophical Investigations and others of the late works had
made their appearance in his manuscripts.
The writings of the transitional period are genuinely transitional, containing
elements both of the early and the later views. One major theme in them
concerns the philosophy of mathematics; specifically, questions about what
status the propositions of mathematics have. Are mathematical propositions
necessary truths? Can they be explained wholly in terms of logic? If not, what
account is to be given of them? Together with and related to this issue there are
long exploratory investigations of language and meaning, psychological
concepts, and the concept of knowledge. These latter constitute the central
themes of the later philosophy itself. For Wittgenstein scholars the transitional
writings are a rich source of material, since they foreshadow and prepare the
way for the later philosophy, and display a development of thought which
contains much of interest.
Following the award of his Ph.D. degree in 1929 Wittgenstein applied for a fiveyear Fellowship at Trinity College, Cambridge. In support of his candidature he
had to submit an extended sample of his current research in philosophy, and
duly did so. The work was a manuscript constituting much of what has since
been published (1975) in an English translation entitled Philosophical Remarks,
but better known in the German original as Philosophische Bemerkungen, under
which title it was published in 1964. It is evident from the fact that Wittgenstein
wrote a preface to the work that he intended to publish it. (Indeed, at various
times throughout the remaining two decades of his life Wittgenstein had plans,
and made arrangements, to publish various of his writings; letters between him
and the Syndics of Cambridge University Press show that some of the plans
came close to fulfilment. In the event none

75

of Wittgenstein's writings were published until after his death, and the reason is
that he was never quite content with how he had stated his views or ordered the
remarks in which they were expressed.)
The Philosophische Bemerkungen was written in the period up to 1932, and it
displays many signs of Wittgenstein's contacts with the Positivists and their
influence upon him, particularly in the emphasis it places upon verification. It
defends some of the Tractatus's theses & for an important example, the picture
theory & but new elements appear in its doing so, the chief of which anticipate
concerns that were to occupy progressively more of Wittgenstein's attention as
the years passed. One of the most important was the emphasis he placed on a
conception of (meaning as use), to be discussed in some detail below.
Between 1932 and 1934 Wittgenstein continued to write copiously, producing a
large manuscript which was eventually published in 1969 as Philosophische
Grammatik and in English in 1974 as Philosophical Grammar. The work has two
parts, the titles of which & (The Proposition and its Sense) and (On Logic and
Mathematics) respectively & display its content. While revising the work in 1933&
34 Wittgenstein dictated notes to his students which subsequently circulated in
typescript form under the title The Blue Book, so called because of the colour of
its binding. There is a great similarity between this samizdat publication and the
first part of the Philosophical Grammar.
The importance of the Grammar resides in the fact that it contains, sometimes in
preliminary form and sometimes in full, material which later appears in the
Philosophical Investigations. The central question addressed in Part One of the
Grammar concerns how it is that we attach meaning to the uttered sounds and
inscribed marks which constitute language. In brief Wittgenstein's argument here
is as follows.
A natural view is to say that understanding language is a mental process which
attends our linguistic activities. On such a view, when I speak,
76

hear, or read, something goes on in my mind which constitutes grasping the
meaning of the signs being used. Wittgenstein argues against this view; he says
that understanding language is not a process but an ability. One illustration he
gives of this thesis concerns the matter of knowing how to play chess. If
knowing how to play chess were a process that is, something going on in
one's head then it would be appropriate to ask: When do you know how to
play chess? All the time? Or just while you are making the move? (Phil. Gram.
§50). But these questions are manifestly odd; their unnatural character shows
that it is a mistake to think of understanding and knowing as events in the mind.
Wittgenstein says that we should think of them instead as capacities, as
something we have a practical ability to do. In any case, he says, the notion of
mental processes is itself confused and liable to create misunderstandings a
claim which Wittgenstein regarded as very important and which therefore plays,
as we shall see, a dominating role in the philosophical psychology of the later
works.
Wittgenstein goes on in the Grammar to investigate the crucial notions of
thinking and understanding themselves, doing so in ways which closely
anticipate the Investigations, particularly in his arguing that there are many
different kinds of understanding, linked not by their common possession of a set
of essential or defining characteristics but by a general relationship of similarity
which he calls family resemblance. This concept also plays an important role in
the Investigations. It appears first in the Grammar, and then more explicitly in
The Blue Book. In this latter there is another significant development for the later
philosophy and in particular the theory of meaning as use: Wittgenstein says that
instead of asking, What is the meaning of a word? we should ask, What is it to
explain the meaning of a word? How is the use of a word learned? And his
response to the problem with which both The Blue Book and Part One of the
Grammar deal, namely, what is it that gives life (gives meaning) to the sounds
and marks constituting language, is

77

accordingly this: if we had to name anything as the life of the sign, we should
have to say that it was its use (The Blue Book p. 4).
In 1934"35 Wittgenstein dictated to two of his pupils a manuscript which, like
The Blue Book, had a samizdat circulation at Cambridge and beyond. Again the
colour of its binding determined its title, this time The Brown Book. In content it is
very close to the Investigations; it is indeed a virtual draft of the latter work. Its
appearance marks the end of the transitional phase in Wittgenstein's thought;
thereafter the writings which develop the ideas of the Grammar and Blue and
Brown Books constitute true drafts of the Investigations, as G. H. von Wright has
shown in his reconstruction of the steps by which that book emerged. A striking
feature of the transitional works is that the topics they address are very much
those of the Tractatus, the proposition and its sense foremost among them, and
this remains true throughout the later work; but increasingly there appears,
together with these concerns and as a necessary adjunct of Wittgenstein's new
way of dealing with them, discussion of psychological concepts such as
understanding, intending, experiencing, and others. The reasons why will
become apparent shortly.
In contemplating the publication of his chef-d'oeuvre, the Investigations,
Wittgenstein came to the view that it would be better understood if the Tractatus
were published along with it. His reason was that the Investigations is in many
important ways a reaction to the Tractatus, so that a comparison of the two
forcefully illustrates what the Investigations has to say. The discussion of the
later philosophy to which we now turn shows in what sense this is so.

Method, meaning, and use
In the Tractatus Wittgenstein's position was that language has a unique
discoverable essence, a single underlying logic, which can be explained by
means of a structure-revealing analysis of language and the world

78

and a description of the relation  the picturing relation  between them. The
picturing relation itself rests, at bottom, on a denotative link between names and
objects; names mean objects. The argument of the Investigations is based on
an explicit rejection of this view. Here Wittgenstein says that there is not one
logic of language, but many; language has no single essence, but is a vast
collection of different practices each with its own logic. Meaning does not consist
in the denoting relation between words and things or in a picturing relation
between propositions and facts; rather, the meaning of an expression is its use
in the multiplicity of practices which go to make up language. Moreover,
language is not something complete and autonomous which can be investigated
independently of other considerations, for language is woven into all human
activities and behaviour, and accordingly our many different uses of it are given
content and significance by our practical affairs, our work, our dealings with one
another and with the world we inhabit  a language, in short, is part of the fabric
of an inclusive form of life.
It is important to notice that in his transitional period Wittgenstein had come to a
view of the nature of philosophical method which, while retaining central features
of his Tractatus view of philosophy, differs from it in a crucial respect.
Understanding Wittgenstein's position on this matter does much to illuminate his
later philosophical commitments.
As noted earlier, Wittgenstein's Tractatus view was that philosophical problems
arise because we misunderstand the logic of our language. This conviction
remained with Wittgenstein throughout his philosophical work. What changed, as
we have just seen, is his view about what is meant by the logic of language.
But there was another change also. Wittgenstein had come to think that the
problems which arise because of our misunderstandings of language cannot be
solved by constructing a systematic philosophical theory, as he had tried to do in
the Tractatus. Instead of devising theories to deal with philosophical

79

problems, he says, we should dissolve those problems by removing the
misunderstandings which cause them in the first place. We are thus to conceive
of philosophy as a therapeutic enterprise in a quite literal sense: The
philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness (P 255).
In the transitional and later works, accordingly, Wittgenstein abandons the
rigorously systematic method of the Tractatus and adopts instead a piecemeal
approach explicitly designed not to result in a structured theory. It is this which
gives the later works their curiously disjointed and rambling appearance in
contrast to the Tractatus's austere architecture.
Wittgenstein's later view of the proper method and aims of philosophy is set out
in the Investigations. Puzzles arise, Wittgenstein says, because of misuse of
language or misconceptions about its nature. If we have an incorrect view of the
way language works we shall be liable to confusions; for example, we shall
assimilate the use of one kind of expression to that of quite a different kind, or
we shall mistakenly try to understand an expression in isolation from the
contexts in which it normally does its work. The confusions which occupy us,
Wittgenstein says, arise when language is like an engine idling, not when it is
doing work (P 132); Philosophical problems arise when language goes on
holiday (P 38). The remedy is to look at how language actually works:
[Philosophical problems] are, of course, not empirical problems; they are solved,
rather, by looking into the workings of our language, and that in such a way as
to make us recognize those workings: in despite of an urge to misunderstand
them (P 109).
On this view philosophical problems will vanish when the workings of language
are properly grasped. Until philosophers apply the remedy of looking into those
workings they are like flies trapped in a bottle, helplessly buzzing about.
Wittgenstein remarks, What is your aim in philosophy? To show the fly the way
out of the fly-bottle. And what is needed for this is a grasp of the difference
between what Wittgenstein calls surface grammar and depth grammar. By
grammar he does
80

not mean what is ordinarily understood by this term; rather, he means logic,
more precisely the logic of a given linguistic activity. There are many different
kinds of linguistic activity; therefore there are many different ways in which the
grammar of language works. Philosophers become trapped in the fly-bottle, in
Wittgenstein's view, as a result of noticing only surface grammar: In the use of
words one might distinguish $surface grammar% from $depth grammar% &
compare the depth grammar, say, of the word $to mean%, with what its surface
grammar would lead us to suspect. No wonder we find it difficult to know our
way about (P 664). Accordingly Wittgenstein calls the Investigations a
grammatical enquiry: Our investigation is therefore a grammatical one. Such an
investigation sheds light on our problems by clearing misunderstandings away
(P 90). This harks back to the Tractatus's description of philosophy as
elucidation 2 another case of continuity between Wittgenstein's early and later
outlooks 2 but in the Investigations the method is intimately connected with the
views advanced, in that the content of those views just is, in a sense, that
method at work: for what Wittgenstein's remarks about method come down to is
the claim that in philosophy we should not seek to explain but only to describe
(explaining amounts to constructing further theories), for we are not trying to
discover new information but, quite differently, to organize properly 2 and by so
doing to make ourselves understand properly 2 what we already know about our
language and thought.
What Wittgenstein says about method informs his entire approach in the later
philosophy. The effect of that method's application becomes clear as one goes
through the main ideas of the Investigations, as we shall now see.
The first step towards a grasp of the workings of language is taken, in
Wittgenstein's Investigations view, by freeing ourselves from the beguiling but
mistaken assumption that a unitary account of language can be given 2 that is,
an account which explains the whole working of

81

language in terms of a single theoretical model. His target here is of course the
Tractatus; by attacking it he is able to present, in response, the Investigations
view of language as a multiplicity of different activities. The attack on the
Tractatus view of language is signalled in the preface to the Investigations:
[Recently] I had occasion to re-read my first book " It suddenly seemed to me
that I should publish these old thoughts and the new ones together: that the
latter could be seen in the right light only by contrast with and against the
background of my old way of thinking. For since beginning to occupy myself with
philosophy again " I have been forced to recognize grave mistakes in what I
wrote in that first book.&
Wittgenstein illustrates the grave mistakes& by reference not to the Tractatus
itself but to St Augustine's account of language-learning in the Confessions. After
quoting a number of lines from Augustine's text, among which occurs the
sentence When my elders named some object " I grasped that the thing was
called by the sound they uttered&, Wittgenstein says: These words, it seems to
me, give us a particular picture of human language. It is this: the individual
words in language name objects . sentences are combinations of such names. .
In this picture of language we find the roots of the following idea: Every word has
a meaning. The meaning is correlated with the word. It is the object for which the
word stands& (P 1). The theory just sketched is, of course, the Tractatus theory,
but Wittgenstein uses Augustine's account to show that the conception of
language at issue is both ancient and widespread. Moreover, this conception of
language leads us, Wittgenstein says, to investigate language in the wrong way;
we ask the wrong questions, specifically questions as to the essence of
language, of propositions, of thought&, and this mistakenly suggests that the
essence& of language is not something that already lies open to view and that
becomes surveyable by a rearrangement, but something that lies beneath the
surface " 6the essence is hidden from us7: this is the form our problem "
assumes& (P 92); and therefore We feel as if we had to penetrate phenomena&
(P 90). And this in turn prompts

82

commitment to the misleading model of language which Wittgenstein says St
Augustine and the Tractatus share, for it come[s] to look as if [we should search
for] something like a final analysis of our forms of language, and so a single
completely resolved form of every expression. That is, as if our usual forms of
expression were, essentially, unanalysed; as if there were something hidden in
them that had to be brought to light# (P 91). Wittgenstein's response to this
picture is unequivocal: it is to deny that there is any need to analyse, to discover
the essence# lying hidden in discourse. Philosophy simply puts everything before
us, and neither explains nor deduces anything. , Since everything lies open to
view there is nothing to explain. For what is hidden, for example, is of no interest
to us# (P 126). The key lies in a remark just quoted from P 92: the way language
works is, Wittgenstein holds, something that already lies open to view, and that
becomes surveyable by a rearrangement#.
What lies open to view#, Wittgenstein says, is the fact that language is not one
uniform thing but a host of different activities. We use language to describe,
report, inform, affirm, deny, speculate, give orders, ask questions, tell stories,
playact, sing, guess riddles, make jokes, solve problems, translate, request,
thank, greet, curse, pray, warn, reminisce, express emotions, and much else
besides (compare especially P 23 and, for example, P 27, 180, 288, 654). All
these different activities Wittgenstein calls language-games#. Earlier, in The
Brown Book, he had used this notion to mean a simplified fragment of language,
inspection of which tells us something about the nature of language proper. In
the Investigations the label takes on a more general signification; it means any of
the many and various language-using activities we engage in: the term
:language-game; is meant to bring into prominence the fact that the speaking of
language is part of an activity, or of a form of life# (P 23). Wittgenstein talks of
the multiplicity of language-games#, and in P 23, directly after giving a list of
language-games (much as set out above), says: It is interesting to compare the
multiplicity of the tools in language and of the ways they are used, the multiplicity
of kinds of words and sentences, with what logicians have said about the
structure
83

of language. (Including the author of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.) The
comparison is one to be drawn between the great diversity of language-games
and the false view of the logicians and the Tractatus's author that language has
a single underlying logical structure.
Wittgenstein's use of the term game is not intended to suggest that the different
linguistic activities of reporting, describing, asking, and the rest are in some way
frivolous or unimportant. They are, of course, earnest. His reason for employing
the notion is given in this passage:
Consider & the proceedings we call games. I mean board-games,
cardgames, ball games, Olympic games, and so on. What is common to
them all? ) Don't say: There must be something common or they would
not all be called +games,, but look and see whether there is something
common to all, for if you look at them you will not see something that is in
common to all, but similarities, relationships, and a whole series of them at
that & And the result of this examination is: we see a complicated network
of similarities overlapping and criss-crossing & I can think of no better
expression to characterize these similarities than family resemblances; for
the various resemblances between members of a family: build, features,
colour of eyes, gait, temperament, etc., etc., overlap and criss-cross in the
same way. ) And I shall say: games form a family. (P 66)7)
The point Wittgenstein is urging in saying that language is a collection of
language-games is, as we have seen, precisely that language has no single
essence which can be unearthed and stated in terms of a unitary theory. To
understand the workings of language we must first therefore recognize its variety
and multiplicity ) Instead of producing something common to all that we call
language, I am saying that these phenomena have no one thing in common
which makes us use the same word for all, ) but that they are related to one
another in many different ways (P 65). Once this is clear, in Wittgenstein's view,
we see why it is wrong to think of meaning as he had thought of it in the
Tractatus: there the
84

claim was that the meaning of a word is the object it denotes; here, in the
Investigations, it is that the meaning of an expression is the use to which it can
be put in one or another of the many and various language games constituting
language: the meaning of a word is its use in the language (P 43).
In the early sections of the Investigations, following his quotation from Augustine,
Wittgenstein shows why the denotative theory of meaning adopted in the
Tractatus is intrinsically flawed. His argument is, in outline, that if the meanings
of words consisted in a denotative link with objects, then that link would have to
be set up by ostensive definition, that is, by indicating an object * typically, by
pointing one's finger at it * and uttering its name. This is the view Wittgenstein
takes Augustine to hold. But ostension cannot serve as the foundation for
language learning because in order to understand that an object is being named
the learner would have to be in command of at least part of language already *
namely, the language-game of naming objects. The point can be explained like
this: suppose you are teaching a non-English speaker the word table, and that
you do so by uttering the word while ostending (pointing at) a table. Why should
he take it that you are naming the object rather than, say, describing its colour,
its function, or the polish of its surface, or even ordering him to crawl under it?
Of course the language-learner in this example, since he already has command
of his own language, may well take it that the language game in question is that
of naming objects; but for a first-time learner no such knowledge is available.
How then could language begin to be learned if meaning is denoting and thus
dependent on ostensive definitions?
What Wittgenstein wishes us to see as a result of his critique of ostensive
definition are the following implications: first, that naming is not, contrary to the
Tractatus theory, the basis of meaning, and secondly that the naming relation
itself is not simply a matter of ostensively established correlations between
sounds (or marks) and

85

objects, but has to be understood in terms of the way names and naming enter
into our linguistic activities. The first point is a cautionary one, for in the
Tractatus all language had been explained in terms of the denotative model, and
now in the Investigations Wittgenstein is showing that this model simply cannot
serve as the paradigm for explaining how the whole of language works  that,
indeed, it is a source of error and perplexity to try to make it so serve. The
second point connects with the concept of meaning as use; this is a central
feature of the Investigations and what it involves requires explanation.
There is, deliberately, no systematic !use theory of meaning" in the
Investigations. Wittgenstein's appeal to the concept of use is intentionally broad
for the reason that uses of expressions are as various as the language-games in
which they occur, and therefore no single formula can capture their variety.
Indeed, there is nothing sacrosanct about the term !use" itself; Wittgenstein, in
addition, talks of the functions of words and sentences (P 11, 17, 274, 556, 559),
of their aims and purposes (for example, P 5, 6, 8, 348), their offices (P 402),
and of their roles and employments (for example, P 66 ff.), intending by these
different locutions to capture a general notion of the part expressions play in
language, the central idea being that mastery of a language consists in being
able to employ its expressions in the many different language-games to which
they belong. In view of the multiplicity of language-games it is inevitable that the
concept of use should in this way be a broad one and that therefore no single
formula can be found to encapsulate it. Nor, indeed, should it be treated as a
formula itself; the slogan !meaning is use" is not, for Wittgenstein, a definition of
meaning. To grasp its full purport one has to understand something more of
Wittgenstein's discussion in the Investigations, specifically in connection with his
views about the relation between meaning and understanding and his argument
that understanding is not an inner mental state or process but !mastery of a
technique" (P 199); and that the technique in question consists in following the
rules for the use of expressions.

86

One of these matters was mentioned in the preceding section in connection with
Wittgenstein's transitional period. This is that Wittgenstein came to reject the
idea that one's understanding something by an expression consists in one's
going through an inner mental process. Wittgenstein is particularly concerned to
reject the notion that in grasping meaning there is something lying before one's
mind  a picture or image, as the Tractatus suggests; for understanding a word
is not an experience like seeing red or feeling a pain (P 140, 154, 21718). This
is not to deny that there might be experiences accompanying understanding  a
certain word might evoke an image or, because of memory associations, say, a
pleasant feeling  but these do not constitute the word's meaning or one's
understanding of it. Wittgenstein is here rejecting the empiricist view that
meaning is grounded in sensory experience; and for Wittgenstein the
consequence of his rejecting this view is that two theses follow; first, that one
does not teach the meaning of words by setting up an association in the
learner's mind between the word and an experience of some object or situation,
and secondly that our attaching meaning to an expression on different occasions
of using it does not consist in having the same experience or going through the
same mental process each time.
Wittgenstein gives several reasons for rejecting the inner state/process view of
understanding. One is that the logic (the grammar, as he puts it) of the
concepts of meaning and understanding differs from that of experiential
concepts. Consider pain: this is an experience, and we can talk of pain lasting
for a long or a short time, of being in one's toe or in one's head, of being intense
or dull. We cannot say any of these things about understanding an expression;
we do not understand an expression for a long time, or in our toes, or intensely.
Another reason is that different people associate different images with, or have
different reactions to, the same expression; accordingly the meaning of the
expression cannot consist in these mental accompaniments, nor can one's
understanding of the expression do so (cf. P 1378). A third reason, and
perhaps the most important, is that it is not enough for an

87

understanding of an expression that a particular inner mental process should be
going on. To illustrate what he means by this Wittgenstein gives the example of
one's using the word cube, and says that it is a mistake to think that having a
mental picture of a cube before one's mind is what one's understanding the
word consists in, because the mental picture does not and cannot by itself tell
one what the word cube means. The mental image of a cube could indeed be
associated with any number of expressions box, sugar, geometry, whisky
on the rocks and therefore it does not dictate how the word cube is to be
correctly understood (P 139 40); we cannot, that is to say, read off from any of
the associable images what the word's meaning is.
These considerations give rise to another, more general, matter. This is that
some philosophers, recognizing the kind of difficulty Wittgenstein is here pointing
out, and therefore finding it difficult to identify understanding with particular
mental processes, have been tempted to think that there is a special kind of
underlying (and therefore hidden) mental process which constitutes grasping the
meaning of an expression that is, a process which takes all the pictures or
associations (or a focal subset of them) which go to make up the meaning of
that expression, and combines them, in some way, into something which it is
difficult to specify and which, therefore, can only be elicited and inspected by a
penetrative philosophical analysis. Wittgenstein rejects this outright; indeed the
main target of his attack on the inner state/process conception is the view that
understanding is something hidden, is not just inner (in the mind) but deep in
the mind.
Having said what meaning and understanding are not, Wittgenstein proceeds to
give a positive account of what they are. Here the concept of understanding is
central. Wittgenstein says: To understand a sentence means to understand a
language. To understand a language means to be master of a technique (P
199). This says that understanding is knowing how to do something; in the case
of language, understanding language means knowing how to use it. Thus

88

the connection between understanding, meaning, and use is an intimate one.
Two immediate implications are these: first, another reason for Wittgenstein's
rejection of the inner process conception becomes apparent  it is that this
conception offers nothing to explain how we are able to use expressions. By
contrast the notion of understanding as something we do  an ability we
exercise, a technique we employ  is directly associated with the notion of use,
given that using is itself an activity. The second implication is that understanding,
as a practical capacity, is something that is recognized and measured by
outward criteria  by the activity people engage in, by how they behave  and
therefore, far from being inner or private to the mental life of an individual, it is
something which exists out in the open, in the public domain. This has important
corollaries, as we shall now see.

Understanding and rule-following
Wittgenstein's account of language-understanding, where understanding is
mastery of a technique or practice in the way just explained, turns on the notion
of following a rule, the idea being that the practice in which understanding the
meaning of expressions consists is that of observing the rules for their use in the
different language-games they belong to (note that talk of rules is naturally and
intentionally allied to that of games). Wittgenstein's discussion of rulefollowing
occurs mainly in P 143242. It is not a straightforward matter, and is accordingly
the subject of much debate; the following account of it should be read with this in
mind.
One way of approaching Wittgenstein's discussion of rule-following is, once
again, to recall that part of the Investigations' purpose is the negative one of
repudiating philosophical attitudes of the kind exemplified in the Tractatus. Now,
language-use is clearly a rule-governed activity, a normative activity, as
philosophers say. The model adopted by Wittgenstein in the Tractatus to
describe the normative

89

character of language was that of a calculus, that is, a structured system of
strictly defined rules (the rules of logic) which function automatically. Such a
calculus is like a machine which, fed with certain raw materials, manufactures a
determinate product in an exact, orderly, and unvarying manner. In the same
way, the rules of logic  and therefore, on the Tractatus view, the rules of
language  have a strict application which determines outcome. In the case of
language the outcome is meaning: one understands the meaning of an
expression when one has mastery of the rules for its use. This conception
Wittgenstein does not deny in the Investigations, of course, for the later
philosophy turns on it; what he denies is that the rules in question form a single,
rigid underlying system and, even more importantly, that they are in some way
independent of us, as the Tractatus had implied. In other words, Wittgenstein
rejects the notion of a calculus and replaces it with that of a language-game: in
the Tractatus there is a single, strictly uniform calculus underlying the whole of
language; in the Investigations there are many different language-games whose
&grammars' lie open to inspection.
In the Tractatus, and in the &Augustinian' view of language generally, the idea is
that the rules for the correct use of a word are in some way determined by the
nature of the object denoted by that word, for it is only in this way that the
meaning of the word (the denoted object) can govern that word's use.
Wittgenstein rejects the denotative theory; this leaves the meaning of the word
solely a matter of the rules for its use. But now that there is only the word and
its use-rules at stake, it is important not to be misled by the notion of rules itself,
for there is a common view about, for example, the rules of logic and
mathematics which has it that those rules dictate whether or not we are doing
something correctly, independently of our practice of applying or following those
rules; and this in Wittgenstein's view is a mistake, not only in itself but because it
carries with it the thought that a set of rules constitutes a complete and decisive
calculus for a given practice, in the sense that once one has mastered those
rules one can read off from

90

them, in an automatic way, the correctness or otherwise of what one does. The
model of the rules of logic is in Wittgenstein's view particularly harmful as applied
to language because there is an enormous diversity of rules governing the use
of expressions in language, whereas in logic there is a single, all-embracing, and
rigid set of rules constituting the language in which logic consists.
The calculus conception treats two features of rules and rule-following in a way
that gives rise to the problems Wittgenstein wishes us to avoid. One is that in
obeying a rule one has the sense of being guided or coerced by the rule; the
rule seems to tell one what to do, to dictate one's activity. The other is that in a
calculus like, say, arithmetic the rules determine in advance what outcomes will
flow from applying them: for example, it is tempting to think that once I have
defined (given the rules governing) the ten numbers 0(9, the operations of
addition and subtraction, and the relation of equality, the whole of arithmetic
automatically follows ( it is as if every arithmetical truth (and falsehood) is
already contained in, or settled by, those basic rules. Accordingly, it seems that
there is something inexorable about the rules which makes the correctness or
otherwise of what I do wholly independent of my doing it. (Each member of a
class of schoolchildren might add up a column of figures using different
procedures ( some in their heads, some on their fingers, others with a calculator
or an abacus ( but there will be a uniquely right answer at which those who
follow the relevant arithmetical rules correctly will arrive; and this answer was the
right one before they began adding.)
A problem with the notion of rule-following is that on the one hand the feeling of
being guided by a rule does not guarantee that the rule is being followed, for
someone might think he is following a rule but in fact be applying it incorrectly;
while on the other hand someone's acting in accordance with a rule may be a
merely coincidental matter ( that person might not be following the rule at all; he
might, for example, even be ignorant of its existence. Yet both the guiding
function of rules,

91

and the fact that observance of them constitutes doing things correctly in
whatever activity is at issue, appear to be essential to the very notion of rules
and rule-following. Accordingly, says Wittgenstein, espousers of the calculus
conception attempt to explain these features, and to surmount the problems
associated with them, by looking for a unitary account of what underlies rulefollowing, typically by thinking of rule following as an inner mental process; and
further, by giving this account in terms of some sort of mental mechanism 
more than likely, a causal one. All of this is, says Wittgenstein, a mistake; his
reasons, once again, are those he advances against the attempt to give a
unitary account of anything to do with meaning and understanding, still more one
which proceeds in terms of inner! and hidden! processes of mind.
These strictures apply more to that feature of rule-following which involves the
subjective sense one has of rules being coercive or action-guiding. The other
feature mentioned  the apparent independence! of rules  suggests,
Wittgenstein says, the spurious view that rules somehow give rise to objectivity.
The arithmetical example well demonstrates what this means: as noted, the rules
of arithmetic seem to settle, in advance, what is right and what is wrong in the
results of our applying them. Thus there is a uniquely correct answer to the
arithmetical question 56,897 + 54,214 =?!, and this answer is in a sense there,
settled by what the rules permit even before we work the calculation. We check
the correctness of our application of the rules by determining what they (the
rules) say; the standards of correctness imposed by the rules thus appear to be
external to our observance of them because they are not dependent on our
activity of applying them for what they determine as correct.
The two features of rules upon which the calculus view concentrates are, of
course, related: it is the externality or objectivity! of the rules which gives us the
sense of being led or guided by them. Together these two features give rise to
the presumption that rules are like railway lines along which we move in a fixed
direction (P 218) or like a machine which

92

works in a determined and determining way (P 1934). Wittgenstein's objection
is not to the fact that rules are guiding or constitutive of correctness; rather, his
objection is to the $railway track% or $machine% models themselves, on the grounds
that they turn the concept of guidance, as we have seen, into that of coercion,
and the concept of a standard of correctness into that of something $external and
objective%. What Wittgenstein emphasizes is the crucial fact that what constitutes
a rule is our collective use of it; rule-following is a general practice established by
agreement, custom, and training. Therefore, although rules indeed guide us and
afford us with our measures of correctness, they are not independent of us and
hence do not constitute a coercive standard imposed from outside our rulefollowing practices themselves. Wittgenstein gives us an example: consider a
signpost such as one might find at a crossroads or on a footpath. The signpost
tells one what direction to take, but not because it coerces one to go there; its
guiding function rests upon the fact that there is a custom, a practice, which
establishes the use we make of signposts in general and our understanding of
what that function is. And this is just what we are to understand by $rule% in the
case of language  $A rule stands there like a signpost% (P 85, cf. P 198).
The key notion here is that of a $custom%. Wittgenstein says a person goes by a
signpost only in so far as there exists a regular use of signposts, a custom (P
198); $The application of the concept 0following a rule1 presupposes a custom% (R
p. 322). By employing the notion of a custom (he elsewhere uses the
expressions $Institution%, $use%, $practice% to mean the same thing) Wittgenstein
intends to make a number of points, two of which are especially important. One
is the by now familiar claim that, in opposition to the view of the calculus theory,
rule-following is not an inner mental activity, something hidden, but is a public
matter; when someone sees a signpost and goes in the direction it indicates, he
is not internally obeying a rule and then, as a second step which follows causally
or in some related way from the first $internal% step of obeying, behaving in
accordance with it: his taking the direction

93

indicated by the signpost just is his following the relevant rule. Rule-following is
not therefore a mysterious activity at all; it shows itself in our practice, it is
manifest. To understand rules and rule-following we have only to remind
ourselves of what is familiar in all our many different kinds of normative
behaviour (playing chess, cooking from a recipe, doing arithmetic, and so on, as
well as using language in all the many different kinds of language-games there
are). The other point is that rule-following is essentially a social practice, that is,
something which exists in a community; and that it is the existence of agreement
in the community which establishes the rules we follow: Wittgenstein says, $The
word %agreement& and the word %rule& are related to one another, they are
cousins. If I teach anyone the use of the one word, he learns the use of the
other with it( (P 224). The fact that rule-following is essentially a communitybased activity entails that nothing can count as a $private( observance of a rule ,
there cannot be a Robinson Crusoe who lays down and thereafter observes a
certain rule, for such a person could not know from one occasion to the next that
he was indeed observing the rule, he may well think that he was doing so, but
he has no means of checking. Whether someone is following a rule or not
depends upon the availability of public criteria for his doing so: $And hence also
%obeying a rule& is a practice. And to think one is obeying a rule is not to obey a
rule. Hence it is not possible to obey a rule %privately&: otherwise thinking one
was obeying a rule would be the same thing as obeying it( (P 202). (The notions
of privacy and $criteria( are important ones for Wittgenstein and I revert to them
below.)
In addition to insisting on the essentially communal nature of rules and rulefollowing based on agreement, Wittgenstein insists that the idea of a $custom( be
taken literally, as something regular, repeated, established. He says: $The
application of the concept %following a rule& presupposes a custom. Hence it
would be nonsense to say: just once in the history of the world someone
followed a rule (or a signpost; played a game, uttered a sentence, or understood
one; and so on)( (R pp. 322,3).

94

Since rules rest on the agreed and accepted practices of a community, they are,
says Wittgenstein, their own justification. There is no extrinsic or objective factor
present in rule-following other than the constraint which lies in the fact that one
is not following a given rule if one's activity fails to conform to the community's
practice in that case. This separates Wittgenstein's view from the Tractatus
conception of there being something set over against language and constituting
the objective restraint on it; in the Investigations his view is that it is a mistake to
look for some form of external justification or grounding for our practices. The
justification or grounding is in our practices themselves; in a related connection
Wittgenstein says, "Giving grounds $ comes to an end $ the end $ is our
acting, which lies at the bottom of the language-game% (OC 204). This enables
him to say further that following a rule is something we do unreflectively (R p.
422) or even blindly: "When I obey a rule, I do not choose. I obey the rule
blindly% (P 219). What he means can be grasped by considering, say, chess;
there is no answer to the question "Why does the king move only one square at
a time?%, for if it is chess one is playing then that simply is the rule. In effect,
therefore, Wittgenstein's view is that rule-following is an habitual practice, one in
which we are trained as juvenile members of our linguistic community: "Following
a rule is analogous to obeying an order. We are trained to do so% (P 206). He
puts this point more explicitly in the Blue and Brown Books (p. 77): "The child
learns this language from the grown-ups by being trained to its use. I am using
the word 9trained: in a way strictly analogous to that in which we talk of an
animal being trained to do certain things.%

‘Forms of life’, private language, and criteria
Taking the considerations of the preceding two sections together, we can
describe Wittgenstein's theory of meaning and understanding as follows. The
meaning of an expression is what we understand when we understand that
expression. Understanding consists in knowing the expression's use across the
variety of language-games in which it

95

occurs. Knowing its use is having an ability: the ability to follow the rules for its
use in those different language-games. Rule-following is not a mysterious inner
process of grasping something like a calculus which objectively imposes
standards of correctness; rather, it is a practice embedded in the customs and
agreements of a community and as such is essentially public. Rules do indeed
guide and provide standards of correctness, but they do so because they are
based on agreement; to follow a rule correctly is to conform to the established
practices of the community. We acquire the ability to use expressions, to follow
the rules for their use, by our training as members of that community.
This summary is intended to bring out the connections between the notions of
meaning, understanding, use, rules, and their basis in agreement within a
community of language users. But one should not take it to imply that it is
possible to understand expressions individually, for in Wittgenstein's view it
makes no sense to say that someone understands just one or a few sentences,
or that he follows just one or a few rules. To understand any given sentence is
to understand the language-games of which it is part; correlatively, to follow a
rule is to have mastery of the practice of rule-following itself.
One immediate problem that suggests itself in Wittgenstein's account of meaning
and understanding is that if the use-rules for a language are the product of
agreement among members of the linguistic community, with no external
objective restraints on that usage in the shape of 'the facts( or 'the world(, does it
follow that truth is the product of our agreements also? Wittgenstein is aware of
this problem and has a response: '*So are you saying that human agreement
decides what is true and what is false?, - It is what human beings say that is
true and false; and they agree in the language they use. That is not an
agreement in opinions but in form of life( (P 241, emphasis added).
This concept of 'forms of life( plays an important part in Wittgenstein's later
philosophy, for it is the notion he appeals to whenever his enquiry

96

reaches a point at which other philosophers would be tempted to begin looking
for deeper or more fundamental justifications for the concepts deployed in our
thought and talk. What Wittgenstein means by a form of life is this: it is the
underlying consensus of linguistic and nonlinguistic behaviour, assumptions,
practices, traditions, and natural propensities which humans, as social beings,
share with one another, and which is therefore presupposed in the language
they use; language is woven into that pattern of human activity and character,
and meaning is conferred on its expressions by the shared outlook and nature of
its users (cf. P 19, 23, 241, P II, pp. 174, 226). Thus a form of life consists in the
community's concordance of natural and linguistic responses, which issue in
agreement in definitions and judgements and therefore behaviour. Because the
foundation, so to speak, of the practices which language-use consists in is the
form of life into which that language is woven, it follows for Wittgenstein that
questions about the ultimate explanation or justification of the concepts
embodied in our thought and talk very soon come to an end 1 what justifies our
usages is the shared form of life underlying them, and that is that: no more
either need be or indeed can be said. The form of life is the frame of reference
we learn to work within when trained in the language of our community; learning
that language is thus learning the outlook, assumptions, and practices with which
that language is inseparably bound and from which its expressions get their
meaning. And this is why explanation and justification neither need to nor can go
beyond a gesture towards the form of life: If I have exhausted the justification I
have reached bedrock, and my spade is turned. Then I am inclined to say: 3This
is simply what I do4 (P 217); What has to be accepted, the given is 1 so one
could say 1 forms of life (P II p. 226).
The notion of a form of life is closely connected with what Wittgenstein insists is
the essentially public character of language, a theme in the later philosophy
which appears, as we have seen, in his rejection of the idea that meaning and
understanding, and hence rule-following, are inner, hidden states or processes
of mind. Wittgenstein advances an

97

argument in this connection which has not so far been mentioned but which has
assumed great importance in the literature on the Investigations. This is the
Private Language Argument, the burden of which is that there can be no such
thing as a language invented by and intelligible to a single individual only. That
this is so follows immediately from Wittgenstein's view that language is
essentially public, a view he maintains because of all the considerations
discussed above; but in P 243%363 Wittgenstein gives the private language
question an extended treatment for an important additional reason. This is that in
the tradition of philosophy beginning with Descartes it is held that the starting
point for all knowledge and explanation lies in our direct acquaintance with our
own experience and states of mind. Thus Descartes' starting point is the I think,
recognition of which guarantees I exist; for the empiricists it is sensory
experience and our reflection upon it which provides the basis for our beliefs
about the existence of external things and other minds. On these views a private
language is eminently possible, for they permit the thought (in some cases, they
start from the thought) of a Robinson-Crusoe-from-birth who constructs a
language by means of private, inner ostensive definitions linking words with
experiences. In a related way, the idea of a private language is implicated in our
standard conception of how we come to have in our language expressions
referring to our own pains, moods, feelings, and the rest, given that these are
private to us: no one else can have access to such states unless their
possessors give expression to them in language or behaviour; no one else can
experience my moods or pains, or even detect their existence if I do not wish it.
Since this is so we come to think that we name our sensations by means of an
inner ostension, as though when we have a stomachache we point inwards and
say this is a stomach-ache. And this suggests that an individual could construct
a language for speaking to himself about his sensations and inner life which is in
principle closed to everyone else % the in principle means that such a language
is not merely a secret code which no one else as a matter of fact understands
but which could be cracked, like the Enigma code or Pepys' Diary, but

98

which cannot be understood by anyone other than its speaker: a language, in
short, which is logically private to its speaker.
It is against this conception  of a logically private language  that Wittgenstein
inveighs in the sections of the Investigations mentioned. The primary reason has
already been given: to understand a language is to be able to follow the rules for
its use, and nothing can count as private rule-following for otherwise there would
be no distinction between following a rule and merely thinking, perhaps
mistakenly, that one is following a rule (P 202). But there are other reasons. For
Wittgenstein, to speak a language is, as we have seen, to participate in a form
of life; coming to share a form of life consists in being trained to share it; such
training obviously has to take place in public, for otherwise it is not a training in
the sharing of the form of life which gives meaning to language (cf. P 244, 257,
283). From this it follows that both -private. experience and the language we use
to speak of it are in fact neither of them private; there are and have to be public
criteria for the application of expressions about pain, moods, and the rest, in
order for there to be such expressions at all. One way to make this clear,
Wittgenstein says, is to consider how we use the word -pain. in talking of
ourselves. On the view he rejects, -pain. is the name of a certain kind of
sensation, and we come to give that name to that kind of sensation by an act of
inner ostension. But ostensive definition, as we saw above, is something that
works only in the context of a previously understood convention or languagegame in which pointing, uttering a sound, and so on, are recognized by the
participants to constitute the process of attaching a denoting label to some item.
There can be no such previously established language-game here. Since -pain.
is not linked with the relevant kind of sensation by ostension, it does not denote
at all; -pain. is not a label. How then is it connected with the sensations we use it
to talk about? Wittgenstein says that -one possibility. is that talk of pain is a
learned substitute for the groaning and wincing which is the natural expression of
pain (P 245, 2567); -A child has hurt himself and he cries; and then adults talk
to him and teach him exclamations and,

99

later, sentences (P 244). The idea is that what we typically think of as private
states and processes  pain, anger, and the rest  are features of our human
nature which therefore have natural expressions in behaviour (a baby, for
example, is able to inform us of its pain and rage by means other than
language), and that the linguistic devices we use to talk of them are publicly
learned replacements for that behaviour.
This view establishes a link between how we use talk of pain in our own cases
and how we use it to talk about others' pain. On one traditional view, the way we
come to think of ourselves as having justification, in appropriate circumstances,
for ascribing pain or kindred &inner states to others is by analogy with our own
cases: if I prick my finger and it bleeds and I groan, inwardly feeling pain, then if
someone else pricks his finger, bleeds, and groans, I infer that he must inwardly
be feeling pain likewise. But this argument  it is called &the argument from
analogy  is a weak one; it does not logically guarantee the inference I draw to
the other's inner states, for he might be dissimulating or acting, or may even be
a cleverly contrived robot which feels nothing. This is the source of scepticism
about other minds: how, given that the &argument from analogy does not work,
can I claim to be justified in believing that there are any minds other than my
own in the universe? Wittgenstein's view constitutes an answer to this problem.
The rules for the use of &pain and other psychological expressions, he says, are
public ones, which apply equally when the talk is of myself or of others; there are
not two sets of rules for such expressions, one governing self-ascription and the
other governing other-ascription of the states in question. Consequently, my
grounds for saying that someone else is in pain are afforded by his behaviour
together with my grasp of the rules for using the word &pain.
This view is not to be understood as a straightforward &behaviourist theory of the
kind which says that the meaning of &pain just is the set of bodily signs in which
wincing and groaning consist. Rather, Wittgenstein says, these signs are &criteria
for application of the word &pain; what I also know about such behaviour is that it
can be pretence,
100

dissimulation, and so on. Understanding this is part of understanding pain-talk.
But given this understanding, the way such behaviour enters into the web of our
activities and practices, and the relation of these to our nature, tells me when it
is appropriate to say that another is in pain (and also when to say this is a case
of pretence and the like).
Wittgenstein's notion of a criterion has attracted much discussion. It is the
notion of a species of justification or warrant for employing expressions, a
warrant which lies half-way between deductive and inductive grounds for the use
of expressions. What this means can be explained in the following way.
Deductive grounds are those which would entail or conclusively settle that use
of a given expression is demanded whenever those grounds are present, for the
reason that those grounds exhaustively constitute the sense of that expression.
An example of this view is the crude behaviourism just mentioned; an espouser
of such a view would take the fact that someone winces and groans to entail that
he is in pain. But this is far too strong a theory, for in identifying the grounds for
saying he is in pain with the meaning of pain the deductivist overlooks those
other considerations, such as pretence and the rest, which show that the
meaning of the word cannot be defined as the grounds for its application.
By contrast, inductive grounds are those in which someone's wincing and
groaning count as mere symptoms or clues on the basis of which it might be
inferred that he is in pain. Such clues will not themselves be part of the meaning
of the word pain, however, which on the inductivist view is something denoted
by pain * something private and hidden in that person's subjectivity * namely,
the inner, private feeling of pain. On the inductivist's view the link between
wincing and groaning, on the one hand, and the inner experience of pain, on the
other, is a merely contingent one.
Wittgenstein's talk of criteria, as noted, is designed to fall between these two
views. Our understanding of the part played by wincing and

101

groaning (the behavioural signs) in manifesting pain is, he says, part of our
grasp of the meaning of the word pain  such signs are not merely contingent
symptoms of pain  but at the same time they are not deductive grounds for
ascribing pain to someone who winces and groans, because our understanding
of pain also comprehends those cases where such behaviour is not a
manifestation of pain. In short, the criteria for ascribing pain are given by the
language-game of which pain ascriptions are a part, and it is the practice of
experiencing, recognizing, and talking about pain which we learn when we learn
how to use the word pain.
Discussion of the private language question and the issue of pain, moods, and
other putatively private mental states takes us into the realm of Wittgenstein's
philosophy of mind or, as it is often called, his philosophical psychology. What
Wittgenstein has to say in this connection is a very important corollary of his
views about meaning and understanding  in the opinion of some commentators
it is indeed the basis of his philosophy of language  and it is necessary
therefore to consider them a little further, as follows.

Mind and knowledge
In the Tractatus Wittgenstein dismisses psychological questions, among which
he includes questions about experience and knowledge, as empirical and
therefore as part not of philosophy but of science. For this reason he barely
mentions such matters in the Tractatus. In the later philosophy, in sharp contrast,
they occupy centre stage along with the discussion of meaning. It is entirely
natural that they should do so, given Wittgenstein's concern to argue that
understanding the meaning of expressions in language does not consist in
private mental states or processes; for his view implies that there is something
wrong not just with this way of thinking about understanding but with the very
idea of private mental states in general. Accordingly, starting with The Blue
Book but chiefly in the Investigations, Zettel, and elsewhere among the

102

later writings, Wittgenstein attacks the idea that the concepts of experience,
thought, feeling, intention, expectation, and the rest, are concepts of what is
inner and private, accessible only to the individual who possesses them.
It was mentioned earlier that the view Wittgenstein is attacking is one which has
been dominant in the history of philosophy since Descartes. This view accords to
subjective experience a peculiar primacy and importance. It says that what we
are directly acquainted with are our own private states of mind, about whose
contents and character, because of their immediacy, we have completely certain
knowledge; and these states, including among them sensory experiences, afford
us with the starting point of all our knowledge and belief not just about ourselves
but about everything outside ourselves also, chiefly the external world and other
minds. In Descartes' philosophy the starting point is the ego, of whose existence
one cannot help but be certain; for the empiricists it is sensory experience which
serves as the incorrigible basis for our beliefs about the world. On this
conception first-person knowledge of psychological states is wholly
unproblematic, whereas third-person knowledge of them is quite otherwise; the
reason is that detecting such states in others % even, indeed, being justified in
taking it that such states exist outside oneself % is at best a matter of inference
from the intrinsically unreliable clues afforded by the overt signs, behaviour, and
so on, which others manifest.
In attacking this Cartesian thesis, Wittgenstein inverts the order of difficulty: it is
not the question of third-person ascriptions of psychological states which is
problematic, he says, for such ascriptions work on the relatively straightforward
basis of public criteria for the use of psychological terms, as described above in
connection with (pain). Rather, what needs investigation is the first-person case,
for it is here, Wittgenstein says, that a fundamental mistake is being made by
Descartes and others in the philosophical tradition; namely, that firstperson
ascriptions of psychological states ((I have a pain), (I expect

103

that , I hope that , I intend to  ) are reports or descriptions of essentially
private inner goings on. Wittgenstein denies that these locutions are any such
thing, and argues instead that they are manifestations or expressions forming
part of the behaviour to which the psychological concepts at issue apply. The
key concept here is that of expression.
What Wittgenstein means by expression is set out in his investigation of firstperson talk of pain. At P 244, already quoted in part, he says  how does a
human being learn the meaning of the names of sensations? ) of the word
*pain+ for example. Here is one possibility: words are connected with the
primitive, the natural expressions of the sensation and used in their place. A
child has hurt himself and cries; and then adults talk to him and teach him
exclamations and, later, sentences. They teach the child new pain-behaviour.
Wittgenstein's claim is that someone's saying I am in pain is a manifestation of
his pain; it is not an outer sign of something else which is occurring internally,
but is itself part of his pain-behaviour. It is an expression of pain in the way that
groaning and wincing are expressions of pain, but it is a learned substitute for
those more primitive expressions. Despite the phrase here is one possibility in
the quotation given above, which suggests that first-person psychological talk
might be understood in other ways too, Wittgenstein applies this conception of
expression across the board. Of wishing, expecting, and remembering ) to take
just three examples from the whole range of psychological concepts )
Wittgenstein says: By nature and a particular training  we are disposed to give
spontaneous expression to wishes in certain circumstances (P 441); The
statement *I am expecting a bang at any moment+ is an expression of
expectation (P 253); The words with which I express my memory are my
memory reaction (P 343). Thus, sometimes part of what it is to wish for
something is to say I wish , and sometimes part of what it is to expect
something is to say I am expecting . Expectation can be expressed in other
ways too; one might feel tense, or pace up and down, or look at one's watch
often; but

104

saying I am expecting  is not something different from such behaviour 
neither, still less, is it a report or description of it  it is part of it. Of course the
verbal behaviour is, because learned, more complex than the primitive
behaviour in which pacing up and down consists; Wittgenstein takes the view
that a command of language introduces levels of richness and subtlety
unavailable to non-language-using creatures: A dog believes his master is at the
door. But can he also believe his master will come the day after tomorrow? (P II
p. 174). But the difference between verbal behaviour and the other behaviour is
one of degree, not of kind; verbal behaviour is an extension of the natural
expressions of expectation, pain, and so on, which take the form of pacing or
wincing as the case may be.
Wittgenstein's reason for thinking this way about psychological concepts is of
course that the meaning of words like pain, expectation, and the rest cannot
be fixed by private inner ostension, a point established, in Wittgenstein's view, by
the private-language argument. Rather, like all words, their meaning is their use,
and their use is settled by the publicly agreed rules for their use in the shared
form of life upon which the possibility of that agreement rests. Accordingly, the
application of psychological terms is uniform; there is not one set of rules for
third-person applications and another for first-person applications. The rules are
the same and turn on the same public criteria; nothing is hidden. In just the way
therefore that first-person ascriptions of psychological terms turn on their being
expressions of pain, expectation, or whatever, and therefore parts of pain, etc.,
behaviour itself, so third-person ascriptions of them are expressions of our
behaviour towards others: Being sure that someone is in pain, doubting whether
he is, and so on, are so many natural, instinctive kinds of behaviour towards
other human beings, and our language is merely an auxiliary to, and further
extension of, this relation. Our language-game is an extension of the primitive
behaviour. (For our language-game is behaviour) (Z 545). And this means in
Wittgenstein's view that there is no sceptical problem about other minds of the
kind

105

which has dogged philosophy since Descartes, because the considerations just
mentioned  dealing with the public criteria constituting the sense of
psychological terms and therefore our warrant for their use  show that all states
thought of as essentially inner by traditional philosophers have, and must have,
outer criteria; and that one can, in a quite ordinary and unmysterious way,
literally just look and see what state someone is in: Consciousness in another's
face. Look into someone else's face, and see the consciousness in it, and a
particular shade of consciousness. You see on it, in it, joy, indifference, interest,
excitement, torpor, and so on ' Do you look into yourself in order to recognize
the fury in his face? It is there as clearly as in your own breast (Z 220);
Consciousness is as clear in his face and behaviour, as in myself (Z 221); 1We
see emotion3  as opposed to what? We do not see facial contortions and make
inferences from them (like a doctor framing a diagnosis) to joy, grief, boredom.
We describe a face immediately as sad, radiant, bored, even when we are
unable to give any other description of the features.  Grief, we would like to
say, is personified in the face. This belongs to the concept of emotion (Z 225).
A major corollary of all these points is, for Wittgenstein, that they force us to
reconsider another extremely important philosophical concept, namely that of
knowledge. In the tradition of philosophy it was held that the special primacy of
our acquaintance with our own psychological states furnishes the foundation for
whatever else we can come to know or at least believe with justification; for on
the traditional view we know with certainty the content of our own thoughts,
experiences, and so on, but have to draw more or less doubtful inferences from
these to whatever lies outside them. Wittgenstein argues, in opposition to this
view, that the use thus being made of the concept of knowledge is wholly
mistaken, for the reason that we can only know what it makes sense to doubt,
and that since whenever one is in pain or expects to hear a bang one cannot
doubt that one is in pain or expects to hear a bang, one therefore cannot claim
to know that one is in pain or has that expectation. This point is best illustrated
by looking at Wittgenstein's

106

response to certain theses advanced by G. E. Moore on the subject of
knowledge and certainty.
In a well-known paper entitled Proof of an External World" Moore argues that
there are a number of propositions which he can know with utter certainty to be
true. One is that he has two hands; the proof" (if one is needed) is, he says, that
he can hold his hands aloft and display them. And there are therefore many
other such propositions which can be known with equal certainty. Moore is here
alluding critically to Descartes' claim in the Meditations that whereas one can be
certain, whenever one thinks of it, of one's own existence as a thinking thing" (a
mind), it can legitimately be doubted whether one has hands and a body"
(Meditations I). In Moore's common-sense" philosophy such doubts are refutable
with the greatest ease; proof that there are hands is as simple a matter as
displaying them. Wittgenstein, although siding with the tenor of Moore's down-toearth rejection of Cartesian views on knowledge and doubt, argues that both
Moore and Descartes are mistaken in their thinking about these concepts. His
reason, as indicated, is that it is senseless to lay claim to knowledge where
doubt itself is senseless; since in all but rare and unfortunate circumstances the
question whether one has hands simply does not and cannot sensibly arise, the
assertion I know that I have hands" therefore involves a misuse of know".
Wittgenstein's case for this turns on considerations about the nature of doubt
and his view of what constitutes the foundations" of our ordinary knowledge and
our daily life. These considerations are as follows.
Doubt, Wittgenstein says, is itself possible only in the context of a languagegame. If doubt concerning whether I have hands is to be intelligible, then I must
understand what is meant by talk of hands" and of my having" them. But then
this understanding, since it is based upon the language-game which makes it
possible, itself rules out the meaningfulness of having such doubts; for to have
them is to threaten the very conditions for the meaningfulness of the words being
used:

107

The fact that I use the word hand and all the other words in my sentence
without a second thought, indeed that I should stand before the abyss if I wanted
so much as to try to doubt their meanings  shows that absence of doubt
belongs to the essence of the language-game (C 370). A language-game, it is to
be remembered, is a form of life; it is a practice or a set of practices involving
agreement about the rules for the use of words. From Wittgenstein's familiar
claim that Our talk gets its meaning from the rest of our proceedings (C 224) it
follows that If you are not certain of any fact, you cannot be certain of the
meanings of your words either (C 114). This means that not only does doubt
about one's having hands, except in very unusual circumstances, make no sense
within the language-game, but also that the language-game itself cannot be
called into question as a whole or from outside: the language-game, as a form
of life, is the given. Wittgenstein points out that a child who is learning, say,
history has to accept the languagegame before he can question whether
something is true or whether something exists (C 31015); Doubt, he says,
comes after belief (C160). If the pupil continually doubted whether the world
had existed for longer than a few hours or years, the business of learning history
would be impossible. Wittgenstein says that such doubts are hollow (C 312), for
in effect they try to make the entire language-game itself impossible. But if the
language-game were impossible then the doubt itself would fail to make sense:
A doubt that doubted everything would not be a doubt (C 450).
What is being ruled out by these considerations is doubt concerning matters
which are fundamental to our linguistic and other practices. Wittgenstein is not
saying that there cannot be any doubt about anything, for of course there can
be. But legitimate doubt can only make sense in the context of a framework
which is itself not a subject for doubt: The game of doubting itself presupposes
certainty (C 115). Moore's claim about his hands  and by extension any claim
about basic matters of fact concerning the existence of material things, the
continuous history of the world, and so on  are therefore not

108

legitimate subjects for doubt because they constitute the frame of reference for
all our practices. Wittgenstein says: My life consists in my being content to
accept many things (C 344); My life shows that I know or am certain that there
is a chair over there, or a door, and so on (C 7). Accordingly, Moore, and the
(Cartesian) philosophical tradition whose outlook informs Moore's approach to
these matters, is in Wittgenstein's view mistaken in failing to see that he does
not and cannot know what he claims to know: I should like to say: Moore does
not know what he asserts he knows, but it stands fast for him, as also for me;
regarding it as absolutely solid is part of our method of doubt and enquiry (C
151); When Moore says he knows such and such, he is really enumerating a lot
of empirical propositions which we affirm without special testing; propositions,
that is, which have a peculiar logical role in the system of our empirical
propositions (C 136).
The idea of testing and of the peculiar logical role of certain propositions
echoes what Wittgenstein elsewhere says in the later writings about the
connected facts that having reasons, and giving justifications, has to end
somewhere. Where they end is the form of life constituting the language-game;
this is the framework which confers intelligibility on what we do. Testing our
beliefs can only be carried out against a background of beliefs which are not
open to test: the questions that we raise and our doubts depend on the fact that
some of our propositions are exempt from doubt, are as it were like hinges on
which those turn (C 341). The exempt propositions are the grammatical
propositions, that is, the propositions constituting the framework of our language
and practices, and they form the system within which all testing takes place (C
83, 9042, 105). The beliefs expressed by these propositions are variously
described by Wittgenstein to illustrate the fundamental role they play; he says
that our commitment to them is part of our nature (C 359), that their special role
in our frame of reference (C 83) consists in their being the substratum (C 162)
or scaffolding (C 211) of our ordinary testable beliefs.

109

Although Wittgenstein talks of these beliefs as constituting the foundation (C
401, 411, 415) of our language-games, he does not mean by this expression
what philosophers normally mean by it. Typically the conception of foundational
beliefs is taken to mean beliefs which are fixed and permanent; thus some
philosophers claim that there are beliefs which are logically necessary conditions
for anything that can count as thought or experience, such that even Martians or
a divinity would have to have them if they were to enjoy anything recognizable
as experience. Wittgenstein, rather, has it that the foundational beliefs are only
relatively foundational , they are like the bed and banks of a river which
determine the course along which the waters flow (C 96,9); the bed and banks
are in course of time eroded and therefore shift, but this is a long process and
from the viewpoint of our ordinary talk and practice the foundational beliefs serve
as what is fast and solid (C 151). But the important point is that the
foundational role of the grammatical propositions consists in their indubitability
in practice, in action: it belongs to the logic of our scientific investigations that
certain things are in deed not doubted (C 342).
The upshot of Wittgenstein's investigation of doubt and certainty is captured in
the rhetorical question Can one say: 5Where there is no doubt there is no
knowledge either?7 (C 121). And this is intended to undermine the Cartesian
view that first-person knowledge is knowledge, hence supporting Wittgenstein's
attack on the view that privilege attaches to the private mental states in which
philosophers have located the source not just of knowledge but of meaning and
understanding. Although the account just given of Wittgenstein's reflections on
knowledge is drawn from On Certainty, which has a later and more developed
view of these issues than occurs in the Investigations, the fundamentals of this
view are present in the rest of the later philosophy, wherever Wittgenstein's
concern is to show that psychological concepts do not apply to something
essentially private. This is shown by a dialogue with himself which he sets out in
the Investigations:

110

In what sense are my sensations private?  Well, only I can know whether
I am really in pain; another person can only surmise it.  In one way this is
false, and in another way nonsense. If we are using the word to know as
it is normally used (and how else are we to use it?), then other people
very often know when I am in pain.  Yes, but all the same not with the
certainty that I know it myself!  It can't be said of me at all (except as a
joke) that I know I am in pain. What is it supposed to mean  except
perhaps that I am in pain? (P 246)

Some reflections and comments
The preceding sections show that Wittgenstein's later philosophy is an elaborate
edifice of interconnecting themes. Nevertheless, its basic intention is clear, and
the key concepts in terms of which it is expressed  use, rules, language-games,
and so on  are so prominent in all the later writings (including those on the
foundations of mathematics) that there is no difficulty in identifying them and
seeing, in rough terms, what work they are designed to do. I shall now reflect
briefly on Wittgenstein's enterprise in the later philosophy and on the concepts
central to it. Many points of detail invite comment, but I shall confine the
discussion to some strategic remarks about Wittgenstein's main points only.
One thing that immediately strikes a critical reader of the later works is that the
chief concepts occurring in them are either vague or metaphorical or both. The
idea of games is a metaphor; the talk of use and forms of life is unspecific.
This of course is deliberate; Wittgenstein's method was to avoid systematic
theorizing, and to insist instead upon the variety of language, his motive being to
escape the pitfalls, exemplified by the Tractatus, of erecting a rigidly monolithic
theory of language and thought which succeeds only in falsifying the issues or at
best oversimplifying them. But a reader of the later philosophy might
nevertheless suspect that Wittgenstein, in his anxiety to repudiate a monolithic
approach, has veered to the opposite

111

extreme; in place of the single fixed structure unearthed in the early philosophy
there is substituted a great patchwork of practices so diverse that, Wittgenstein
claims, no systematic account can be given of what meaning and understanding
consist in (whereas a systematic account of what they do not consist in, namely
any species of private mental state or process, is in his view possible). One
might agree with Wittgenstein that it is a mistake to look for the kind of theory
offered by the Tractatus; but it does not follow that no systematic account can be
given of language, for it is plausible to accept that when what is under
consideration is a connected and patterned set of practices whether it is riding
a bicycle or speaking a language which is in question it should be possible to
formulate a theoretical representation (to give an account, provide a description,
even an explanation) of what is involved. Nothing Wittgenstein says persuades
one that such a task is pointless or impossible. On the contrary, Wittgenstein
himself seems to have done just that with his talk of rules, language-games, and
the rest, despite his official disclaimers about giving a positive theory. But his
account is highly general, and in the crucial respects therefore too vague; one
feels that our understanding of the matters discussed would have been
advanced further if Wittgenstein had given his notions more precise content, and
ventured to say how he thought they applied in practice.
One important criticism of the later philosophy might be that a generalized
appeal to notions like 'use( and 'rule-following(, especially since in Wittgenstein's
view what is meant by 'use( and 'rule-following( varies widely according to
context, tells us dissatisfyingly little. This reservation can be made more explicit if
one takes, as an example, a consideration of how much one learns from being
advised to think of meaning as use.
First it is necessary to note that the concept of 'use( is itself a various one. One
can talk of how something is used, of what it is used for, of when its use is
appropriate, and even of what it is used in (as when one says: 'lard is used in
baking(). On the first two points, one can say, for

112

example, of a hammer that how it is used is by grasping the handle and aiming
the flat surface of its head at the target, and, quite differently, that what it is used
for is driving in nails, flattening surfaces, calling meetings to attention, and so on.
Such explanations tell us something about hammers, although they do not
uniquely determine that it is hammers we are talking about  there are other
things whose handles we grasp (golf-clubs, suitcases) or which can be used for
driving in nails (the heel of a shoe, a stone). It is clear enough that one can talk
of the uses of words in an analogous way, as Wittgenstein suggests; one can
explain how a word is used, when its use is appropriate, and what kind of work it
can be used to do. But in what sense will such explanations be explanations of
meaning? Suppose I tell you how a word was used: if I say it was used
effectively, or insolently, or musingly, I say nothing about its meaning. Suppose I
tell you what a given word can be used for: if I say it can be used to insult, to
appease, to inspire, I still say nothing about its meaning.
These comments suggest that the connection between meaning and use is
neither so close nor so obvious as Wittgenstein's remarks sometimes imply.
Unquestionably, it would be a mistake to commit oneself to the strong doctrine
that meaning and use are the same. This is shown by the fact that one can
know the meaning of a word, in a perfectly standard sense of this phrase,
without knowing its use, and one can know its use without knowing its meaning.
For example, one can know that the Latin word jejunus means +hungry, without
knowing how to use it in a sentence; and, conversely, one may know how to use
the expressions +amen, and +QED, without knowing their meanings. Moreover,
many words have uses without meanings  personal names, prepositions,
conjunctions, and the like are cases in point. Use therefore can by no means be
the whole story about meaning; it may be part of that story, but it does not
exhaust whatever it is meaning consists in. Moreover, to say that use is part of
the story is not by itself much help  at best it is only a beginning; for what it is
one knows, or is able to do, which constitutes one's capacity to use expressions
is not

113

suggested by the concept of use itself; one has to look further afield (or deeper).
The appeal to use as a key concept in the later philosophy is primarily intended
by Wittgenstein to focus attention on what words are used to do, since an
account of this, in Wittgenstein's view, is (in some not wholly clear way)
tantamount to an account of meaning itself. One way of assessing this crucial
idea is to note that in the period during which the impact of Wittgenstein's
thought on philosophy was at its most immediate, this conception was intimately
involved in discussion of what was called the !speech-act# aspect of language
use. Consider what is being done in the use of these expressions: !Stop!#, !Where
is it?, !It's on the table#. The first is an order, the second a question, the third a
statement , and ordering, questioning, stating are actions we perform in our use
of language: hence !speech-acts#. There are many others: promising, appraising,
criticizing, commending, and joking are examples. The idea is that showing how
an expression is used to perform a speech-act tells us about the meaning of that
expression. So, for example, it is suggested, in a much-discussed theory of
moral discourse, that the word !good# functions in the speech-acts of
commending and evaluating, which permits us to say that we explain the
meaning of !good# when we explain that it is used to commend or to place a
positive valuation on something. Likewise it has been suggested that we grasp
the meaning of the word !true# by noting that it is used to confirm, support, admit,
or agree with something that has been stated. These proposals might appear to
lend greater exactness and therefore greater plausibility to Wittgenstein's own
vaguer view, but once again they do not prove to be satisfactory. Showing why
helps to explain the unease one feels about unqualified appeals to the notion of
use.
Consider the claim that !good# is used to perform the speech-act of commending.
If someone says, !This is a good pen#, then clearly he is commending the pen.
But if someone asks, !Is this a good pen?#, equally clearly, even though the
occurrence of !good# is literal, no commending

114

is going on. A defender of the speech-act theory might respond by saying that
good is not invariably used to commend, but that its presence in utterances
typically shows that the speech-act of commending is in the offing, so that Is
this a good pen? can be construed as having the force of Do you commend this
pen? But even this will not do, for in such sentences as I wonder if this is a
good pen, I don't know whether it's a good pen', I hope it's a good pen,
commendation is irrelevant to the case, which is proved by the fact that one is
not saying I wonder if I commend this pen?, I hope I commend this pen, and
so on.
These thoughts suggest that it is a mistake to suppose that reminding ourselves
of the main uses of words like good and true is enough, by itself, to settle any
questions we might have about the meaning of those terms. Indeed, it is
notoriously the case that questions about goodness and truth, which are
paradigmatically large philosophical questions, cannot be resolved simply by
noting the ways good and true are as a matter of fact used in common
parlance % that is, in the languagegames in which they typically occur. It would
seem to be an implication of Wittgenstein's views that if we remind ourselves of
these uses, philosophical puzzlement about goodness and truth will vanish. This
is far from being so.
These remarks indicate one reason why the vagueness of Wittgenstein's key
concepts, in this case use, might generate dissatisfaction with his later
philosophy. Another reason is that this feature of Wittgenstein's ideas actually
invites rather than solves familiar philosophical difficulties, some of them very
problematic. For one example, what we sometimes appear to be given by the
later philosophy is a picture of language % more accurately, the patchwork of
heterogeneous practices in which language is involved % as somehow
autonomous, as though language floats free of anything like an objective reality,
a world, in a way wholly different from what is proposed in the Tractatus, with its
picture of a realm of independent facts on the one hand, faced on the

115

other hand by language (thought), with the former constraining and determining
the latter, and with truth and falsity consisting respectively in a correspondence
or lack of it between the two structures. In the later philosophy, by contrast, the
suggestion sometimes appears to be that the world is dependent upon the form
of life of which language is part; at the very least, there is no question of the
correct use of language being decided by something independent of language !
we do not go right or wrong in language use according to whether we correctly
or otherwise describe objective facts, but rather according to whether we follow
the mutually agreed and observed rules of our linguistic community. The
community as a whole cannot go right or wrong either; it just goes; the only
constraints on use are the internal ones founded on agreement and custom.
Provided that changes in use were systematic across the whole community, no
change would, because no change could, be detected; the community might
cooperatively be veering in its application of rules, whether in progressive or in
arbitrary ways, and this would be unknown and anyway irrelevant. Indeed, these
very remarks would be meaningless, for they presuppose some point of vantage
from which comparisons could be made, but such a viewpoint, since it would
have to be external to the form of life, is impossible.
It is not easy to see, from a scrutiny of Wittgenstein's texts, what we are to make
of this. Most Wittgensteinians deny that the later philosophy constitutes a form of
anti-realism, but at the same time it appears that Wittgenstein himself thinks
that the most one can say on the question of an independently existing reality is
that the language-games in which we deal with things like, say, chairs, tables,
and the rest, presuppose a commitment on our part to there being such a reality.
This comes out in the view, expressed in On Certainty, that the validity of many
beliefs consists in the role they play in language; the very sense of our talk
about an external world, in which there are hands or in which physical things
have existed for a long time, turns on our unquestioning acceptance of such
beliefs themselves as (here we have more metaphors) the bed and banks or
scaffolding of that language-game

116

itself. Wittgenstein puts this point by saying that propositions like physical
objects exist are grammatical, and have a special role in our discourse as
forming part of its very conditions of meaningfulness. Likewise, religious
discourse is a language-game in which talk of God similarly plays a fundamental
role, and consequently the validity of religious discourse is something internal to
itself (a point some theologians have gratefully accepted from Wittgenstein
because it helps them defend against the criticism that no independent means
exist for substantiating religious claims). There is no question of asking, still less
answering, questions about the validity of these languagegames as a whole;
they rest upon the form of life, the shared experience, the agreement, the
customs, the rules, which underlie them and give them their content. Accordingly
it appears that, in Wittgenstein's view, language and thought are in some sense
internally self-determining and self-constituting, and that therefore reality is not,
as he had thought of it in the Tractatus, independent of language and thought.
The problems such a view creates are many. One is that if we accept some
such view we are obliged to explain what appears to us, in our ordinary
experience of it, to be the independent character of the world. Why, if there is no
genuinely independent world constraining the way we act, think, and talk, does it
seem as if there is one? Why does it at least seem as though our practices and
thought have always to accommodate themselves to something intractable and
separate? The fact that the world appears to exist independently of us can
indeed be explained by anti-realist theories, even by those strong versions which
have it that thought or experience is the determiner of what exists. But the
details of such a theory are extremely important, since on them turns the theory's
very acceptability. If, therefore, Wittgenstein is committed to the view that reality
is not independent of language and thought, he does not fulfil a responsibility to
say something more about why our experience and beliefs are so trenchantly
realist in character.

117

Another and allied problem which arises from these of Wittgenstein's views is
that they sometimes appear to commit him to relativism. This is a point which
interests anthropologists as well as philosophers, and in part explains the
former's interest in Wittgenstein. What is involved can be explained as follows.
There are, broadly speaking, two kinds of relativism, cultural and cognitive .
Cultural relativism is the thesis that there are differences between cultures or
societies, or between different phases in the history of a single culture or society,
in respect of social, moral, and religious practices and values. For example, one
among the things which distinguishes contemporary Western society from, say,
Indian society is the markedly different set of practices followed in courtship and
marriage. In the latter, marriages are arranged, and the parties to them meet
only once or twice, very briefly and in the company of their families, before the
marriage ceremony. In the West, courtship is left to chance as to its inception
and individual preference as to its continuation and outcome. It is evident that
the institution of marriage has different significances in these two societies.
Cultural relativism is not philosophically problematic, for it is clear that our being
able to recognize cultural differences of the kind described presupposes an
ability on our part to gain access to other cultures so that we can recognize the
differences as differences; which shows that there are points in common
between cultures which allow mutual access and hence mutual understanding to
take place.
Cognitive relativism is a quite different matter. It is the view that there are
different ways of perceiving and thinking about the world or experience, ways
possibly so different that members of one conceptual community cannot at all
grasp what it is like to be a member of another conceptual community. Some
philosophers argue that with respect to any culture other than our own, or even
with respect to an earlier phase in our own culture's history, we can never have
more than an

118

indeterminate grasp, at best, of what it is like to be a member of it. This is
because, they argue, any view of the world is a highly theoretical and
interpretative matter, and our efforts to make intelligible to ourselves an alien
world-view, an alien conceptual scheme, or form of life as Wittgenstein would
say, will inevitably proceed in terms of our reinterpreting the aliens' concepts,
beliefs, and practices into our own terms, which is the only way that we, from our
own standpoint, can make any sense of them. On this view it is possible and
even likely that there are conceptual schemes so utterly different from our own
that we cannot recognize their existence # or if we can, that nevertheless they
are quite sealed off from our capacity to get an inkling of what they are like from
within. One thing that immediately follows from cognitive relativism is of course
that truth, reality, knowledge, moral value, and the like, are our truth, our reality,
and so on; they are not absolute but relative; they are parochial to us, even to
the slice of history we happen to occupy; and that therefore there are as many
versions of truth, reality, and value as there are different conceptual schemes
or forms of life.
Wittgenstein sometimes appears to be committed to cognitive relativism as just
described. He says: If a lion could talk, we could not understand him (P II p.
223); We don't understand Chinese gestures any more than Chinese sentences
(Z 219). These remarks suggest relativism across forms of life; Wittgenstein
may be saying that because meaning and understanding are based upon
participation in a form of life, and because the forms of life in which, in their
different ways, lions and Chinese engage are quite different from ours, it follows
that we cannot understand them # their view of things is inaccessible to us and
vice versa. In On Certainty Wittgenstein appears to commit himself to relativism
in a single form of life across time, by saying that our own language-games and
beliefs change (C 65, 96#7, 256), which entails that the outlook of our forebears
might be as inaccessible to us cognitively as is that of the lions or, differently
again, the Chinese.

119

Cognitive relativism is a troubling thesis. Consider the point that it makes the
concepts of truth, reality, and value a matter of what sharers in a form of life
happen to make of them at a particular time and place, with other forms of life at
other times and places giving rise to different, perhaps utterly different or even
contrary, conceptions of them. In effect this means that the concepts in question
are not concepts of truth and the rest, as we usually wish to understand them,
but concepts of opinion and belief. We are, if cognitive relativism is true (but
what does true now mean?), in error if we think that truth and knowledge
have the meanings we standardly attach to them, for there is only relative truth,
there is only reality as we, in this conceptual community at this period in its
history, conceive it.
The reading of Wittgenstein which suggests that he takes such a view is
consistent with much of what he otherwise says. For Wittgenstein the meaning of
expressions consists in the use we make of them, that use being governed by
the rules agreed among the sharers of a form of life. This presumably applies to
expressions like true and real themselves & indeed, it is precisely
Wittgenstein's point that such expressions cease to be philosophically significant
once we remind ourselves of their ordinary employments. It follows that the
possibility of there being other forms of life, even just one other, with different
agreements and rules means therefore that each form of life confers its own
meaning on true and real and therefore truth and reality are relative not
absolute conceptions. This is a highly consequential claim.
From some of what Wittgenstein says & particularly about natural expression ,
that is, the way people are apt to feel and act as a result of their human nature &
we might be led to suppose that all human communities share the same form of
life, and hence that truth is human truth, reality human reality. The form of
relativism to which Wittgenstein is committed might, that is, simply be
anthropocentrism. This interpretation is supported by his saying that the
common behaviour of mankind is the system of reference by means of which we

120

interpret an unknown language (P 206, cf. 207). But the remark about the
Chinese (and see also Z 350), which conflicts with the remark just quoted,
seems to propose a more radical relativism than that; consistently with one
interpretation admitted by the notion of a *form of life, Wittgenstein's view might
be that cognitive relativities follow the same demarcation lines as cultural
relativities. This would be an extreme relativism indeed.
One need not take as one's target so radical a form of the thesis to show that
cognitive relativism is unacceptable, however. This can be demonstrated as
follows. Suppose that cognitive relativism is the case. How then do we recognize
another form of life as another form of life? The ability to detect that something is
a form of life and that it differs from our own surely demands that there be a
means for us to identify its presence and to specify what distinguishes it from
ours. But such means are unavailable if the other form of life is impenetrable to
us, that is, if it is closed against our attempts to interpret it enough to say that it
is a form of life. This means that if we are to talk of *other forms of life at all we
must be able to recognize them as such; we must be able to recognize the
existence of behaviour and patterns of practices which go to make up a form of
life in which there is agreement among the participants by reference to which
their practices can go on. Moreover, if we are to see that the form of life is
different from our own we have to be able to recognize the differences; this is
possible only if we can interpret enough of the other form of life to make those
differences apparent. And therefore there has to be sufficient common ground
between the two forms of life to permit such interpretation. This common ground
has to involve two related matters: first, we have to share with the aliens some
natural capacities and responses of a perceptual and cognitive type, giving rise
to at least some similar beliefs about the world; and secondly we have to be able
to share with them certain principles governing those beliefs; for one important
example, that what is believed and therefore acted upon is held to be true. This
has to be so because, as remarked, detecting differences is only possible

121

against a shared background; if everything were different participants in one form
of life could not even begin to surmise the existence of the other.
But this requirement for mutual accessibility between forms of life gives the lie to
cognitive relativism. This is because the respects in which different forms of life
share an experiential and conceptual basis which permits mutual accessibility
between them are precisely the respects in which those forms of life are not
cognitively relative at all. Indeed, cultural relativism, which is not just an
unexceptionable but an important thesis, itself only makes sense if there is
mutual accessibility between cultures at the cognitive level. Hence it would
appear that the only intelligible kind of relativism there can be is cultural
relativism.
Wittgenstein's relativism, or at least the relativism that sometimes seems to be
implied by his views, makes no distinction between the cultural and cognitive
types. Indeed, he barely seems to be aware of relativism as a possible and
unacceptable implication of some of his remarks, and particularly of his forms of
life notion. Yet that notion underwrites the whole of the later philosophy, as the
given or bedrock which provides the ultimate basis for meaning, use, rules,
knowledge, and the psychological concepts. Therefore, both the intrinsic
vagueness of that notion, and its unacceptable entailment or apparent entailment
of relativism, raise a question mark over his later philosophy as a whole.
The foregoing discussions concern general points in Wittgenstein's philosophy. I
turn now to a more particular matter: Wittgenstein's discussion of rule-following
and private language. This constitutes the most central and important aspect of
his later philosophy. But here too there are problems, the chief of which is that
these of Wittgenstein's views contain an inconsistency. This can be
demonstrated as follows.
Wittgenstein's argument against private language is standardly taken

122

to be an argument against the possibility of logically private language, that is,
language which only a single individual can know. This allows that there can be
contingently private languages, languages which in fact only one person knows
but which could be understood by others, which are, in short, translatable into
public languages. Sometimes it is thought that an example of a contingently
private language would be, say, Pepys' Diary; but this is merely a public
language in cypher, and does not constitute a philosophically interesting case of
privacy. A better example might be a language invented by someone solitary
from birth, a lifelong Robinson Crusoe. Such a language would be private in an
interesting sense, but it would be only contingently private because it would
admit of being understood by others. On Wittgenstein's view Robinson's
language only counts as a language because it admits of being publicly
understood.
The commentator's insistence that Wittgenstein intended to rule out logical but
not contingent privacy arises from the fact that the conception of contingently
private language seems to be perfectly in order; it is widely recognized that such
languages are possible and that it would be difficult to argue otherwise.
When we look at Wittgenstein's remarks on rule-following, however, it turns out
that he is committing himself to something different from, and much stronger
than, the claim that there cannot be logically private languages. What the rulefollowing considerations entail is that language is essentially public. The
argument for this, to recapitulate, is that language use is a rule-governed activity,
and that rules are constituted by agreement within a language community (only
within such a community can one succeed in following rules, since otherwise one
could not distinguish between following a rule and only thinking one is doing so;
and where such a distinction is unavailable there is no rule-following and hence
no language). But then if language-use is a rule-following activity, and such
activity is essentially a matter of public

123

agreement, as Wittgenstein argues, it follows that language is essentially, that is
logically, public.
And here is the problem for Wittgenstein: if language is logically public there
cannot be languages which are in any sense private. There cannot be a
Robinson-Crusoe-from-birth who invents and uses even a contingently private
language, because on the rule-following argument he could not, since he is not a
member of a linguistic community, distinguish between following a rule and only
thinking he is doing so, and hence could not be using a language at all.
Indeed there is a further, allied, reason why on Wittgenstein's principles there
cannot be contingently private language. This is that such a language could not
get started. This follows from what Wittgenstein says, as noted in preceding
sections, about language learning, which demands a public setting in which the
tyro can be trained in the practices (centrally, the rule-followings) of his linguistic
community. For a Robinson-Crusoe-from-birth there can be no such beginning,
and therefore, on Wittgenstein's views, no language.
The conflict apparent in Wittgenstein's views, then, lies between the strong claim
that language is logically public, and the weaker claim that there cannot be
logically private language. The former rules out, while the latter allows, that there
can be contingently private languages. Wittgenstein advocates the former when
specifically discussing rules, and the latter when specifically discussing private
language. However, for his overall position the rule-following considerations and
all they involve (agreement, the language community, and so on) are
fundamental. Accordingly, it would seem that, when a choice is forced, the
strong thesis is the one to which Wittgenstein must adhere, thereby rejecting the
weaker. But then the price is commitment to the debatable thesis that there
cannot be contingently private language. (The other alternative, abandoning the
stronger thesis, is not open to

124

Wittgenstein; if he took it he would be giving up what is crucial to his later
philosophy.)
These difficulties in Wittgenstein's position remind one that the rulefollowing and
privacy issues give rise to yet another serious problem. The problem has already
been mentioned: it concerns the fact that if rules are constituted by agreement
within a language community, and are not determined by anything external to
that community's practices, then the problem facing a putative private languageuser " namely, that he cannot tell whether he is, or only thinks he is, following a
rule " also faces the community as a whole. How does the community tell
whether it is following a rule? The answer Wittgenstein gives is: it cannot tell.
This admission is the nub of the problem. If, in the case of the individual, nothing
counts as marking this crucial difference, then according to Wittgenstein the
individual is not following rules at all, and hence is not using language. But does
this not apply to the language-community as a whole? And if it does, then the
paradoxical result would seem to be that the language-community does not use
language.
In recent discussions of Wittgenstein, efforts have been made to resolve these
and other difficulties. As they stand they are serious and radically undermine
Wittgenstein's views. Taken together with the more general criticisms sketched
above, they suggest that Wittgenstein's later philosophy is not as it stands
persuasive.

125

Chapter 4
Wittgenstein and recent
philosophy

A. J. Kenny describes Wittgenstein as the most significant thinker of the
[twentieth] century. G. H. von Wright considers him to be one of the greatest
and most influential philosophers of our time. An opponent of Wittgenstein's
views, J. N. Findlay, characterizes him as a thinker of immense consequence
and originality ) profound ) brilliant. Similar assertions abound in the literature
of Wittgenstein.
Anyone reading these large claims would naturally surmise that Wittgenstein is
the most influential presence in twentieth-century philosophy. In fact he is not.
The quickest way to explain this is to point out that apart from work done by
Wittgenstein's relatively small band of disciples, most of what has happened in
philosophy during and since his time consists exactly in what his writings
proscribe: namely, systematic investigation of the very problems of philosophy
which he says will vanish when one attends properly to language. The fact is
that the majority of recent and contemporary analytic philosophers simply
disagree with this claim. Their practice shows that, far from accepting
Wittgenstein's outlook, they are more influenced by the philosophical legacy of
Frege and Russell than by him. For that among other reasons they remain in the
mainstream philosophical tradition which Wittgenstein sought to repudiate. This
is a significant matter for understanding Wittgenstein's place in current
philosophy, for, as we have seen in preceding chapters, his rejection of the
philosophical
126

tradition is expressed as a rejection of what that tradition specifies and defines
as the problems of philosophy. That all but his own disciples disagree with him
on this central issue is an indication of the fact that Wittgenstein's effect on
recent philosophy has been very much less than the claims made by Kenny, von
Wright, and others imply.
To say this is not, however, to offer an opposing estimation of Wittgenstein's
place in philosophy. It is too soon to judge whether Wittgenstein ranks among
those major figures, for example Aristotle, Locke, Kant, whose place in the
history of philosophy is assured because of the value attached to their work by
later generations. The reason is the obvious one that it is difficult to make
accurate historical judgements about recent and living philosophers. When one
surveys the history of philosophy one sees half a dozen thinkers whose stature
is, from our point of view, enormous; in their company are a dozen more whose
influence and importance endure. This is a select company. It is easy to forget
that many others wrote and taught philosophy, some of whom were famous in
their time and after it, yet whose reputations have not survived. One example is
Malebranche, the French priest of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth
centuries, who in his day was celebrated throughout the intellectual world and
whose work inspired a large literature in emulation and opposition. Locke
devoted a monograph to him; the young Berkeley eagerly sought to meet him
when visiting Paris. The writings of Locke and Berkeley continue to be studied,
whereas those of Malebranche have fallen into obscurity. Less dramatic
instances can be drawn from among those figures generally respected but little
read, except by a few scholars or followers; examples, drawn at random and
perhaps tendentious, are afforded by Plotinus, Aquinas, and Schopenhauer. For
all the admiration and esteem enjoyed by these thinkers in their lifetimes or
during a period after their deaths, it would have been risky then, as the event
shows, to presume on the judgement of history concerning whether they would
acquire and preserve the status of truly major figures. And even the reputations

127

of major figures at times fluctuate, with periods of obscurity intermitting their
fame.
These considerations must weigh here. Remarks about Wittgenstein's place in
philosophy can, if they are to have any value, relate only to the period since his
death; and for the reasons suggested they can furnish no guide to what
importance future thinkers may attach to his work. In trying to characterize
Wittgenstein's place, then, it is best to leave aside judgements of the kind at
issue above, and to proceed as far as possible factually.
There are certain complications in describing Wittgenstein's place in recent
philosophy. They result chiefly from Wittgenstein's secretiveness and hesitance
about his later thought. This was because he was anxious not to have his ideas
disseminated until he had perfected them, and even more anxious not to have
them imitated or stolen. Accordingly, he wished to publish them before anyone
else did; but he could never feel quite ready to do so, and hesitated so long that
in the end all his later work was published posthumously. Two things therefore
require explanation: one is the connection between Wittgenstein's views and
those of his contemporaries and near-contemporaries who were, like himself,
philosophically interested in language; and the other is the way a small but
distinctive 'Wittgensteinian school( arose in his lifetime and has flourished since.
For parts of the 1930s and 1940s Wittgenstein was teaching and writing in
Cambridge, as we have seen, and some of his writings had a confined
publication in the form of typescript copies. Inevitably, by agency of his pupils
and the circulation of these typescripts, some of his ideas reached the
philosophical community at large. Traces of them can be detected in the work of
Gilbert Ryle, J. L. Austin, and certain others. So-called 'Ordinary Language
Philosophy(, which flourished at Oxford mainly during the 1950s and which is
chiefly associated with Austin, is sometimes thought to be a result of
Wittgenstein's teachings, but in

128

fact his influence was far less immediate than that; certainly Austin did not take
himself to owe his ideas to Wittgenstein. There is no doubt that Wittgenstein's
views had some part in promoting the philosophical concern for language which
was dominant in the mid-century, even if only in part and at second- or thirdhand; but it is equally certain that Wittgenstein would have found aspects of
!Ordinary Language Philosophy% uncongenial. None of the people who at that
time were prominent in philosophy (in addition to Ryle and Austin there were, for
example, Moore, Broad, Russell, and Ayer) were Wittgensteinians; most of them
were largely unaffected by Wittgenstein's later ideas, and some were actively
hostile to them.
Wittgenstein's influence on his philosophical contemporaries was, accordingly,
diffuse and limited. The fact that a Wittgensteinian school came into existence
might therefore seem puzzling, but it is explained by the fact that Wittgenstein
made ardent disciples of some of his pupils at Cambridge, and in the interval
since his death those pupils have, by a kind of apostolic succession, ordained
yet other disciples. The Wittgensteinians accordingly make a distinctive although
relatively small group in contemporary philosophy, studying Wittgenstein's texts
closely and applying his methods, with some of them refusing to take more
recent developments in philosophy seriously on the grounds that they involve
departures from Wittgenstein's ideas. A considerable amount has been published
by these followers, ranging from exegesis to hagiography, and including some
original work which has variously been controversial and stimulating.
What is most important, for present purposes, is the continuing response given
to Wittgenstein's thought by the philosophical community at large. Here matters
are straightforward. There is, as noted above, no question of there being general
or even widespread agreement with Wittgenstein's fundamental claims. Rather,
the philosophical community responds to Wittgenstein's work as it does to any
work in which interesting ideas are offered: it profits where profit is

129

to be had, and differs where it does not agree. Some of Wittgenstein's ideas
have accordingly passed into the general currency of philosophical discussion.
Much of what Wittgenstein says about meaning in the later philosophy has failed
to persuade, although acceptance of the general (and, as it stands, imprecise)
thought that use is an important part of meaning is widespread, and
Wittgenstein's work has had a large part in disseminating it. Where the
philosophical community has taken most profit is in Wittgenstein's philosophy of
mind. With respect both to meaning and mind Wittgenstein's concern was,
centrally, to deny that words mean by denoting, by standing for things, which
had been his view, adopted from Russell and others, in the Tractatus. Many
philosophers had come to see the error in this view independently of
Wittgenstein; where his later philosophy provokes most thought " although by no
means always agreement " is in its application of this denial to psychological
discourse, having it that there are no hidden or private objects to which
psychological terms refer. And in connection with this and the view of meaning
which underlies it there are the important matters of rule-following and private
language, both of which have provoked much discussion. Many otherwise
sympathetic philosophers are cautious in their approach to Wittgenstein on all
these questions, however, because of the difficulty which attaches to fixing upon
a clear interpretation of what he says; as a result of the obscurities generated by
his method and style Wittgenstein's key notions " (criteria), (language-games),
and the rest " are open to different interpretations, and accordingly a precise
specification of his commitments is difficult to give. It is for this reason that so
much of what is published about Wittgenstein consists in attempts at clarification
and explanation.
If one were to specify a single reason why few philosophers agree with
Wittgenstein's basic outlook it would be that they do not accept his diagnosis of
the source of philosophical perplexity. Wittgenstein says that problems arise
because we misunderstand the workings of our language. He says we are
(bewitched) by language; sometimes, he says,

130

we have an urge to misunderstand it. But this is implausible. Philosophers as
various as Plato, Bacon, and Berkeley have enjoined caution over language, and
for excellent reasons, some of them mentioned in connection with Russell's
views above; but to say that all philosophical perplexity arises from linguistic
misunderstanding is to overstate matters. For one thing, language is an
instrument capable of precise use. When it is so used philosophical difficulties
can be expressed and investigated clearly. If Wittgenstein's view were right one
could sometimes only describe what a given philosophical problem involves if
one were sufficiently careless. For another thing, attempts to put Wittgenstein's
views into practice show that they do not constitute a solution to philosophical
difficulties. Wittgenstein says that we should remind ourselves of the ordinary
uses of terms in order to dissolve such difficulties. But, as we have seen,
attending to the ordinary uses of good, true, and real does not by itself solve
the philosophical perplexities we feel about goodness, truth, and reality. Were
matters otherwise, that grateful discovery would have long since been made.
We see, then, that Wittgenstein attracts the plaudits of the commentators, who
describe the quality of his mind and work in high, even lavish, terms; yet at the
same time he is by no means the key figure in twentieth-century philosophy.
There is no paradox here. Broadly speaking there are two measures of a
philosopher's importance: one is the amount written about him, a rather crude
measure, and the other is the way his ideas determine the content and direction
of philosophical discussion in his own time and later. This is a much more
accurate measure. On the first criterion Wittgenstein counts as a major figure.
But it is only right to note that he is not alone among recent philosophers in
having a voluminous literature devoted to him; one thinks of Frege, Russell, and
Husserl as subjects of much study. Noting this helps to put the literature on
Wittgenstein into perspective. The crucial measure is however the second one.
As the foregoing indicates, the content and direction of philosophy as it moves
into the twenty-first century . its problems, its preoccupations, its methods . are
not shaped

131

by Wittgenstein's thought. If his work is, as D. F. Pears describes it, truly great,
then this may change; future generations of philosophers may learn to agree
with the claim made by Janik and Toulmin in their Wittgenstein's Vienna that
analytic philosophers systematically misread and misunderstand Wittgenstein,
and they may accordingly come to share with present-day Wittgensteinians a
fundamental commitment to his outlook and methods. So far, this has not
happened.
I turn, in conclusion, from remarks about the place of Wittgenstein's work in
recent philosophy to some even more impressionistic remarks about that work
itself. It needs to be said that many reservations expressed about Wittgenstein's
writings are prompted by the interpretational difficulties they generate. These
arise because of Wittgenstein's conception of philosophy and his method of
doing it. The conception and the method are intimately correlative. As we have
seen, philosophy is in Wittgenstein's view a therapy; the point is to dissolve
error, not to build explanatory systems. The style is accordingly tailored to the
intention. It is vatic, oracular; it consists in short remarks intended to remedy,
remind, disabuse. This gives the later writings a patchwork appearance. Often
the connections between remarks are unclear. There is a superabundance of
metaphor and parable; there are hints, rhetorical questions, pregnant
hyphenations; there is a great deal of repetition. Much of this is deliberate, a
point often stressed in the foregoing, for Wittgenstein's style is expressly
designed to promote his therapeutic objective as against the error of theorizing.
Few, however, would seriously recommend this way of doing philosophy to, say,
students. Wittgenstein's method, in the wrong hands, provides excellent cover for
charlatanism, since it is intended to avoid system and with it the required clarity,
rigour, and accuracy which theoretical work demands and which philosophers in
general seek. The fact that almost anyone . including people working in subjects
other than philosophy . can cull quotations from Wittgenstein's texts for a wide
variety of purposes, sometimes opposed ones, should constitute a warning to
would-be imitators; to become a resource for aphorism hunters from all

132

quarters is a good indication that one has failed in a major duty: namely, to be
clear.
These remarks are premissed on an acceptance of Wittgenstein's own official
avowals about therapy and the avoidance of theory. In fact, of course, there is a
theory in Wittgenstein's later work, as the preceding discussions testify; a theory
which can be set out in explicit form, starting from considerations about use and
rules and showing how these are ultimately based on agreement in a form of life.
The theory has an identifiable structure and content, even if neither, in their turn
are as transparently stated and as fully spelled out as they might be. And a good
deal of the difficulty with Wittgenstein's work is that this theory is not presented
as such, since it is not officially meant to be there at all $ it emerges in bits and
pieces, in an ad hoc way, and therefore its crucial conceptions are left unclear
and often unargued.
The unclarity complained of here as in earlier chapters has, incidentally, been
claimed as a virtue of Wittgenstein's work; von Wright says: %I have sometimes
thought that what makes a man's work classic is often just this multiplicity [of
possible interpretations], which invites and at the same time resists our craving
for a clear understanding.( This is a neat apology for obscurity; one might be
forgiven for finding it unpersuasive.
The vividness of Wittgenstein's metaphors, the unexpected examples and turns
of thought, generate the sense that something profound is being expressed in
his writings. Wittgenstein is in some ways a poet. Once one has sifted his texts
and has ceased to be dazzled by the brilliance of metaphor and the poetical
quality, one finds much less argument, and very much less definiteness in the
crucial conceptions, than is expected in and demanded from philosophical
enquiry. This is disappointing. But perhaps the value of Wittgenstein's work lies
as much in its poetry, and therefore in its suggestiveness, as in its substance.
There is no doubt that in this respect Wittgenstein's work has stimulated insights
and fresh perspectives, especially in
133

philosophical psychology, which have helped to advance thought about these
matters. Work in philosophy which has this effect is always welcome.
Because there can be no question of a detailed estimation of Wittgenstein's
contribution here it is perhaps appropriate to conclude with a purely personal
one. Like many others, I cannot help being struck by the unusual character of
Wittgenstein's writings, which give a strangely original cast even to thoughts and
points of view which, in more prosaic dress, are familiar enough. But I find that
when one advances beyond the manner and reflects on the content, the
irresistible feeling is this: that the journey through Wittgenstein's circuitous,
metaphorical, sometimes opaque negations and suggestions is long; but the
distance it takes one is short.
Reflection upon the above, together with the memoirs and biographical essays
concerning Wittgenstein, suggests a closing thought. Future generations may or
may not judge Wittgenstein to be one of the great philosophers. Even if they do
not, however, he is sure always to count as one of the great personalities of
philosophy. From our perspective it is easy to mistake one for the other; which
he is time will tell.

134

Further reading

Wittgenstein's chief works are as follows (I give them in the approximate order of
their composition; the dates given are dates of first publication):
Notebooks 191416, ed. G. H. von Wright and G. E. M. Anscombe (Blackwell,
1961).
Prototractatus (an early version of the Tractatus), ed. B. McGuinness, G. Nyberg,
G. H. von Wright (Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1971).
Tractatus Logio-Philosophicus, trans. D. F. Pears and B. McGuinness (Routledge
and Kegan Paul, 1961).
Philosophical Remarks, ed. R. Rhees (Blackwell, 1964).
Philosophical Grammar, ed. R. Rhees (Blackwell, 1969).
The Blue and Brown Books, ed. R. Rhees (Blackwell, 1958).
Lectures on the Foundations of Mathematics, ed. C. Diamond (Harvester Press,
1976).
Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics, ed. G. H. von Wright, R. Rhees, G.
E. M. Anscombe (Blackwell 1956, revised ed. 1978).
Philosophical Investigations, ed. G. E. M. Anscombe and R. Rhees (Blackwell,
1953).
Zettel, ed. G. E. M. Anscombe and G. H. von Wright (Blackwell 1967, revised
ed. 1981).
Remarks on the Philosophy of Psychology, 2 vols: vol. I, G. E. M. Anscombe

135

and G. H. von Wright; vol. 2, G. H. von Wright and G. Nyman (Blackwell, 1980).
On Certainty, ed. G. E. M. Anscombe and G. H. von Wright (Blackwell, 1969).
An interesting collection of diary entries, remarks, and apophthegms, culled from
notes made by Wittgenstein over several decades of his life, has appeared as
Culture and Value, translated by P. Winch and selected and arranged by G. H.
von Wright (Blackwell, 1980).
The definitive account of Wittgenstein's early life is Wittgenstein: A Life by B.
McGuinness (vol. I, Young Wittgenstein 18891921, Duckworth, 1988). Ray
Monk's biography Ludwig Wittgenstein: The Duty of Genius (Cape, 1990) is
comprehensive and interesting. A biographical essay by G. H. von Wright and a
personal memoir by Norman Malcolm are published together as Ludwig
Wittgenstein: A Memoir (2nd ed. with letters, Oxford University Press, 1984).
Further perspectives on Wittgenstein's life, character, and work are to be found
in Rush Rhees (ed.), Recollections of Wittgenstein (Oxford University Press,
1984) and C. G. Luckhardt (ed.), Wittgenstein: Sources and Perspectives
(Harvester Press, 1979).
Introductions to Wittgenstein's thought are D. F. Pears, Wittgenstein (Fontana,
1971) and Anthony Kenny, Wittgenstein (Penguin, 1973). Less introductory
discussions are provided by R. J. Fogelin, Wittgenstein (2nd ed., Routledge,
1987), P. M. S. Hacker, Insight and Illusion (2nd ed., Oxford University Press,
1987), and A. J. Ayer, Wittgenstein (Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1985). For
detailed scholarly commentaries on Wittgenstein see M. Black, A Companion to
Wittgenstein's -Tractatus. (Cambridge University Press, 1964) and, for the later
philosophy, G. P. Baker and P. M. S. Hacker, Wittgenstein: Understanding and
Meaning (Blackwell, 1980, 1983). A study which excited much debate at the time
on crucial aspects of Wittgenstein's thought is S. Kripke, Wittgenstein on Rules
and Private Language (Blackwell, 1982). For discussion of

136

Wittgenstein's views on the foundations of mathematics  the problem which first
attracted him to philosophical work  see Crispin Wright, Wittgenstein on the
Foundations of Mathematics (Duckworth, 1980) and S. G. Shanker, Wittgenstein
and the Turning-Point in the Philosophy of Mathematics (Croom Helm, 1987). In
Anthony Kenny, The Legacy of Wittgenstein (Blackwell, 1984), there is an
assessment of Wittgenstein's influence and importance which is different from
the one presented here.
For examples of the wider uses sometimes made of Wittgenstein's ideas, in for
example theology, anthropology, and political theory, see Fergus Kerr, Theology
After Wittgenstein (Blackwell, 1986), P. Winch, Studies in the Philosophy of
Wittgenstein (Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1969), and D. Rubinstein, Marx and
Wittgenstein: Social Praxis and Social Explanation (Routledge and Kegan Paul,
1981). And for a sample of how Wittgenstein's work is employed by philosophers
and literary critics working in the contemporary Continental tradition of thought
see H. Staten, Wittgenstein and Derrida (Blackwell, 1985).

137

138

139

140

14; travel, 6, 11 ; and
Vienna Circle, 10 11, 65, 67
71; war service, 7, 11

132 3; place in recent
philosophy, chapter 4 passim;
relation to twentieth-century
thought other than philosophy,
vii, 137 ; religious views of, 2,
4, 7, 8 ; see also ethics;
relationship with Russell, 6, 8
9, 66 7; planned emigration
to Russia, 11 ; philosophical
style, 35, 79 80, 132 3;
teaching at primary school, 9 ;
teaching at Cambridge, 11, 12

Wright, G. H. von, 10, 78,
126, 133

Z

Zettel, passim; see especially
chapter 3, 105 6

141

2

