Russell: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR
Robert McMahon

Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh

GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha

PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Habermas Gordon Finlayson

HIEROGLYPHS
Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS
Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies
Myth Robert Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY
Steve Edwards
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

A. C. Grayling

RUSSELL
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai
Dar es Salaam Delhi Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi
São Paulo Shanghai Taipei Tokyo Toronto
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© A. C. Grayling 1996, 2002
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as an Oxford University Press paperback 1996
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2002
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280258–5
3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Contents

Preface

viii

Abbreviations x
List of illustrations xii

1
2
3
4
5

Life and work

1

Logic and philosophy 29
Philosophy, mind, and science 61
Politics and society 85
Russell’s inﬂuence 120
Further reading 139
Index 141

Preface

Russell lived long and did much. He is one of the relatively small number
of philosophers whose names are popularly known, and who in their life
and work have come to seem emblematic of the great tradition of
thought they represent. The reputation Russell enjoyed among his
contemporaries rested on the multiplicity of contributions he made –
often highly controversial ones – to social, moral, political, and
educational debates. But his claim to an enduring fame rests on his
outstanding technical contributions to logic and philosophy. In what
follows I survey his life’s work in both spheres. The aim throughout is to
give as clear an account of them as brevity allows. Because this is not
the place for detailed evaluation of philosophical arguments, still less of
technicalities in mathematical logic, I give most houseroom to
exposition; but I venture some discussion also, the themes of which can
be pursued by consulting the literature cited in the Further reading
section, which shows the way for anyone who, having paddled in the
surf here, might like to go for the swim. However, readers not especially
interested in the more technical reaches of logic and philosophy can
forgo chapters 2 and 3, and can concentrate instead on the story
of Russell’s life and his contributions to public debate, as told in
chapters 1 and 4.
I am grateful to Keith Thomas and the Press’s keen-eyed reader for
comments, to Ken Blackwell for prompt help and documents from the

Russell Archive, and to Alex Orenstein and Ray Monk for related and
relevant discussion. My thanks go also to Leena Mukhey for her work on
the index.
This is dedicated to Sue – ‘dulces dominae Musa Licymniae cantus, me
voluit dicere’.
A.C.G.
London
1996

Abbreviations

Russell wrote much, and his work has been reprinted often and in a
variety of editions, the paginations of which do not always agree. Here
are the principal works cited in the text in the editions consulted, with
the abbreviations employed for those most frequently occurring.
A

The Autobiography of Bertrand Russell, one-volume edn. (Unwin

AMd

The Analysis of Mind (Allen & Unwin, 1921)

AMt

The Analysis of Matter, paperback edn. (Routledge, 1992)

HK

Human Knowledge: Its Scope and Limits (Allen & Unwin, 1948)

HSEP

Human Society in Ethics and Politics (Allen & Unwin, 1954)

PLA

‘The Philosophy of Logical Atomism’, in Logic and Knowledge,

MM

Marriage and Morals, paperback edn. (Routledge, 1991)

Paperbacks, 1975)

ed. R. C. Marsh
MPD

My Philosophical Development, paperback edn. (Routledge,
1993)

OKEW

Our Knowledge of the External World, 2nd edn. (Allen & Unwin,
1926)

PM

Principia Mathematica, 2nd edn. (Cambridge University Press,
1925)

PoM

The Principles of Mathematics (Allen & Unwin, 1937; ﬁrst
published 1903)

PP

The Problems of Philosophy (Oxford University Press, 1912)

An Inquiry into Meaning and Truth (Allen & Unwin, 1940)
The Conquest of Happiness (Allen & Unwin, 1930)
Education and the Social Order (Allen & Unwin, 1931)
Essays in Analysis, ed. Douglas Lackey (Allen & Unwin, 1973)
Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy (Allen & Unwin, 1919)
Logic and Knowledge, ed. R. C. Marsh (Allen & Unwin, 1956)
Mysticism and Logic, paperback edn. (Allen & Unwin, 1963)
Power (Allen & Unwin, 1938)
Principles of Social Reconstruction (Allen & Unwin, 1916)
Religion and Science (Oxford University Press, 1935)
Why I Am Not A Christian (Allen & Unwin, 1957)
Political Ideals (Routledge, 1994; ﬁrst published 1917)
Roads to Freedom (Allen & Unwin, 1918)
Portraits from Memory (Allen & Unwin, 1958)

List of illustrations

1

The Russell family in

6

1863

2

3

Dora Black, Russell’s
second wife

19

William Ready Division of Archives

William Ready Division of Archives

and Research Collections,

and Research Collections,

McMaster University, Canada

McMaster University, Canada

Frontispiece from Euclid’s

7

The Elements

5

Frontispiece of The
Principles of
Mathematics

The Bodleian Library, Oxford

33

William Ready Division of Archives

3

Alys Pearsall Smith,

and Research Collections,

Russell’s ﬁrst love

8

McMaster University, Canada

William Ready Division of Archives

8

and Research Collections,

4

election of 1907

Lady Ottoline Morrell,

87

William Ready Division of Archives

personal friend of
Russell

Poster in support of Russell
in the Wimbledon by-

McMaster University, Canada

and Research Collections,

13

McMaster University, Canada

© Courtesy of the artist’s

9

estate / Bridgeman Art

Russell receiving a
Nobel Prize in 1950

Library, London

© Bettmann/Corbis

5

T. S. Eliot’s poetic
image of Russell
© K M Westermann/Corbis

14

96

10

Bullying at Beacon Hill
School

12
107

Ludwig Wittgenstein,
Russell’s pupil

© FPG/Telegraph Colour Library

123

Wittgenstein Archives,
University of Bergen

11

Cartoon from the Evening
13

Standard relating to

© Bettmann/Corbis

Russell’s brief
imprisonment

115

William Ready Division of Archives
and Research Collections,
McMaster University, Canada

Portrait of Russell

137

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
Life and work

Russell is one of the best-known philosophers of the twentieth century.
His fame – at times, his notoriety – was chieﬂy the product of his
engagement in social and political controversy. He was a familiar public
ﬁgure for nearly 60 years, featuring in the popular press sometimes as a
subject of scandal and sometimes, in his respectable periods, as a
pundit; in which role he also appeared as a broadcaster. He had much to
say about war and peace, morality, sexuality, education, and human
happiness. He published many popular books and articles, his views
earning him a wide range of responses, from prison sentences to a
Nobel Prize.
But his greatest contributions, and the true basis of his reputation, lie in
the technical ﬁelds of logic and philosophy. So pervasive is his inﬂuence
both on the matter and style of twentieth-century English-speaking
philosophy that he is practically its wallpaper. Philosophers use
techniques and ideas developed from his work without feeling the
need – sometimes without recognizing the need – to mention his
name; which is inﬂuence indeed. In this way he is a far more signiﬁcant
contributor to philosophy than his pupil Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Philosophy learned some valuable lessons from Wittgenstein, but from
Russell it acquired an entire framework, constituting what is now called
‘analytic philosophy’.
1

This label ‘analysis’ means rigorous examination of philosophically
important concepts, and the language which embodies them, using
methods and ideas derived from formal logic. Russell did not, of
course, create analytic philosophy unaided. He was inﬂuenced by the
logicians Giuseppe Peano and Gottlob Frege, and by his Cambridge
colleagues G. E. Moore and A. N. Whitehead. Other inﬂuences were the
seventeenth- and eighteenth-century thinkers René Descartes,
Gottfried Leibniz, George Berkeley, and David Hume. Indeed his ﬁrst
philosophical book was a sympathetic study of the second of these.
But he brought these inﬂuences together in such a way that they
offered a new approach to philosophical problems, illuminating them
by a sharp new logical light. By this means he played a central role in
revolutionizing twentieth-century philosophy in the anglophone
tradition.

Russell

Russell was accordingly a philosopher in both the popular sense, as a
sage and teacher of mankind, and in the professional academic sense. In
the chapters that follow I describe his contribution in both these
philosophical guises. In the present chapter I sketch his long, rich, and
sometimes tumultuous life, which in its sum and variety constitutes one
of the most heroic biographies of modern times.
Bertrand Arthur William Russell was born on 18 May 1872 into a famous
family, a cadet branch of the Dukes of Bedford. His paternal grandfather
was the celebrated Lord John Russell who introduced the Reform Bill of
1832, which was the ﬁrst step towards democratization of Parliament.
Lord John was twice Prime Minister – from 1846 to 1852 and from 1865
to 1866 – and was raised to an earldom by Queen Victoria. Russell’s
maternal grandfather, Lord Stanley of Alderley, had been a political ally
of Lord John.
Russell’s parents were an unusual and controversial couple, committed
to progressive causes such as family planning and votes for women. His
father, Viscount Amberley, chose John Stuart Mill as his godfather in a
2

non-religious sense. Mill died just before Russell’s ﬁrst birthday, so his
inﬂuence, though considerable, was indirect.
Amberley was brieﬂy a Member of Parliament, but his political career
collapsed when it became publicly known that he supported the idea of
contraception. An example of the Amberleys’ advanced views is
afforded by the case of D. A. Spalding, a clever young scientist employed
as tutor to Russell’s elder brother Frank. Spalding was severely
consumptive, and therefore in no position to marry and have a family.
The Amberleys decided that this was no reason for him to be celibate, so
Russell’s mother ‘allowed him’, as Russell puts it in his Autobiography, ‘to
live with her’ – to which he adds, ‘though I know of no evidence that she
derived any pleasure from doing so’ (A 12).
3

Life and work

1. The Russell family in 1863, showing Dr Wagner, a tutor; Bertrand
Russell’s uncle, William Russell; Lady Russell; Rollo Russell (another uncle);
Georgy (Lord John’s daughter by his ﬁrst marriage); Lord Amberley; Lord
John Russell; and Agatha Russell (Bertrand Russell’s aunt).

Russell’s mother and sister died of diphtheria in 1874 when he was
aged 2, and his father’s death followed 18 months later. Amberley had
appointed two agnostics as guardians for his sons – Spalding was one of
them – but their grandparents, Earl Russell and his wife, strenuously
objected. They went to law to overturn Amberley’s will, and took their
grandsons to live with them at Pembroke Lodge, a Royal grace-andfavour house in Richmond Park. Frank, seven years Russell’s senior,
found life there intolerable, and rebelled. He was sent away to school.
Bertie, more tractable and sweet-tempered, was kept at home. His
grandfather died a mere three years later, and he was then entirely
under the inﬂuence of his strait-laced Scottish Presbyterian
grandmother, a daughter of the second Earl of Minto. Russell’s character
has often been explained, even – when occasion seems to demand it –
excused, by reference to his aristocratic origins; but its ﬁrst moulding
was more truly the work of his grandmother’s puritanism, characteristic
Russell

rather of middle- than upper-class Victorianism. In the ﬂyleaf of the
Bible she gave him for his twelfth birthday she inscribed one of her
favourite texts: ‘Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil.’ This
remained a principle for Russell throughout his life.
It was a lonely but not, to begin with, an unhappy childhood. Russell had
German and Swiss governesses, and early spoke German as ﬂuently as
English. He conceived a love for the extensive grounds of Pembroke
Lodge, with their handsome views of the surrounding country. ‘I knew
each corner of the garden,’ he wrote, ‘and looked year by year for the
white primroses in one place, the redstart’s nest in another, the
blossom of the acacia emerging from a tangle of ivy’ (A 26). But as
adolescence encroached, his isolation, intellectual as well as emotional,
grew increasingly painful. He was alone in a household of old people
remote from him in every way. A succession of tutors was his only
tenuous link with the larger world. Nevertheless he was saved from too
great unhappiness by nature, books, and, later, mathematics. One of his
uncles had an interest in science, which he communicated to Russell,
helping to spur his mental awakening. But the real epoch occurred
4

2. Frontispiece from The Elements, Euclid’s best-known treatise on
mathematics.

when he was 11 years old and his brother began to teach him
geometry. Russell said the experience was ‘as dazzling as ﬁrst love’
(A 30). After he had mastered the ﬁfth proposition as easily as its
predecessors, Frank told him that people generally found it difﬁcult – it
is the famous pons asinorum which puts a stop to many a budding
geometrical career. ‘This was the ﬁrst time’, wrote Russell, ‘that it had
dawned upon me that I might have some intelligence.’ But there was a
ﬂy in the ointment: Euclid begins with axioms, and when Russell
demanded proof of them Frank replied that they just had to be
accepted, otherwise geometry could not proceed. Russell reluctantly
accepted this, but the doubt raised in him at that moment remained
with him, determining the course of his subsequent work on the
foundations of mathematics.
In 1888 Russell went as a boarder to an army crammer to prepare for
Russell

Cambridge University scholarship examinations. His time there was
made unpleasant by what he viewed as coarse behaviour among some
of the other youths. Nevertheless he won a scholarship to Trinity
College and entered there in October 1890 to read mathematics.
He felt as if he had stepped into paradise. Alfred North Whitehead, with
whom he later collaborated in writing Principia Mathematica, had
examined his scholarship papers, and told a number of the more gifted
undergraduates and dons to look out for him. He accordingly found
himself in highly congenial company, no longer intellectually isolated,
and with friendship, based upon a mutuality of interests and
intelligence, at last open to him.
In his ﬁrst three years Russell read mathematics. His fourth he devoted
to philosophy, studying under Henry Sidgwick, James Ward, and G. F.
Stout. The Hegelian philosopher J. M. E. McTaggart was at that time
inﬂuential among Cambridge’s students and younger dons. He led
Russell to think of British empiricism – represented by Locke, Berkeley,
Hume, and John Stuart Mill – as ‘crude’, and gave him a taste instead for
6

Kant and especially Hegel. Under Stout’s inﬂuence Russell became an
admirer of the neo-Hegelian Oxford philosopher F. H. Bradley, and
carefully studied his works, which promote a version of the
philosophical view known as ‘idealism’.
But it was a younger contemporary who most decisively inﬂuenced
Russell. This was G. E. Moore, who like Russell began as a Hegelian but
soon repudiated that philosophy, persuading Russell to follow. Bradley
had argued that everything believed by common sense, such as
plurality and change in the world of things, is mere appearance, and
that reality is in truth a single mental Absolute. With a heady sense of
liberation Moore and Russell rejected this view. Although they
thereafter developed in different ways, and although Russell in
particular struggled hard to ﬁnd satisfactory alternatives, the
philosophical work of both was squarely premissed on realism and

But the Moore-led rebellion came later. Russell was awarded a First Class
in the Mathematics Tripos in 1893, being placed seventh Wrangler, and a
First Class with distinction in the Moral Science Tripos the following year
(‘moral science’ used to be Cambridge’s name for subjects such as
philosophy and economics). He then began writing a Fellowship
dissertation on the foundations of geometry, a Kantian exercise
representative of his outlook at the time. During the course of these
excitements he came of age, and was therefore free to do something he
had been planning in the face of his family’s strong disapproval, namely,
to marry Alys Pearsall Smith, an American Quaker ﬁve years his senior.
He had met and immediately fallen in love with her in 1889, although
she had not reciprocated his sentiments until four years later. Russell’s
family thought her highly unsuitable, and told him that in any case he
should not have children because there was insanity in his family – both
his Uncle William, who was in an asylum for the insane, and his Aunt
Agatha, who had experienced delusions and was growing increasingly
eccentric with age, were cited as proof.
7

Life and work

pluralism (see pp. 34–5 for an explanation of these terms).

Russell

3. Alys Pearsall Smith, an American Quaker, was Russell’s ﬁrst love. He met
her when he was seventeen and married her four years later in 1894.

In an attempt to detach him from Alys, Russell’s family arranged for him
to serve as honorary attaché at the British Embassy in Paris. They no
doubt hoped that the allurements of the Naughty Nineties’ capital
might satisfy whatever impulses were driving him to a matrimonial bed.
But the puritan education imposed on him by his grandmother had
been altogether too effective; it scuppered the plan, as shown by the
letters – paradigms of priggishness – in which Russell wrote home
complaining of Parisian life. ‘In Paris everybody is wicked,’ he wrote,
‘and every time one looks around one sees some blasphemy against
love – they make me quiver with disgust.’ As soon as he was in control
of his own ﬁnances (he had a comfortable patrimony of £600 a year,
and his bride had money too) Russell married Alys, and to begin with
they were happy.
8

Russell’s dissertation earned him a ﬁxed-term research Fellowship at
Trinity with no duties attached, which meant that he had neither to
teach nor to reside in Cambridge. Accordingly he and Alys went to Berlin
where Russell studied German social democracy and wrote a book
about it. This was his ﬁrst book – the ﬁrst in an extraordinary total of 71
books and booklets (leaving aside countless articles) published during
his lifetime. While in Berlin he conceived the idea of undertaking a vast
project of research, in which two lines of enquiry, one into the natural
sciences and the other into social and political questions, would
eventually converge to form a ‘grand encyclopaedic work’. Russell was
still then inﬂuenced by Hegelianism, of which such a project is typical;
but the plan survived his radical change of philosophical outlook,
although it did not take so systematic a form, for among his many
works Russell indeed wrote much on both theoretical and practical
questions.

form of his Fellowship dissertation, An Essay on the Foundations of
Geometry. Then in 1900 Russell published A Critical Exposition of the
Philosophy of Leibniz. It was an accident, but an important one for him,
that he came to write this book. A Cambridge colleague who usually
lectured on Leibniz asked Russell to stand in for him one year, and
Russell, who had not had an opportunity to study Leibniz in detail,
welcomed the challenge. The book grew out of his lectures. Although
Russell disagreed with the main tenets of Leibniz’s philosophy, aspects
of it remained inﬂuential in his thought.
By the time he was giving his Leibniz lectures Russell had been
persuaded by Moore to abandon idealism. Shortly afterwards his
interest in the philosophy of mathematics – speciﬁcally, in the question
whether mathematics can be supplied with logical foundations, and
thus be rendered certain – was given powerful impetus by his encounter
with the Italian logician Giuseppe Peano at the International Congress of
Philosophy in Paris in July 1900. Peano was responsible for certain
9

Life and work

German Social Democracy was followed a year later by the published

technical developments in logic which suggested to Russell ways of
carrying out the desired reduction of mathematics to logic. He avidly
read Peano’s works, then began to improve, extend, and apply the
methods they contained. In the ﬁrst ﬂush of excitement, and in just a
few months, he wrote a complete draft of what was to prove his ﬁrst
major treatise, The Principles of Mathematics. He worked on revisions and
improvements for another year, and the book was published in 1903. In
writing a Preface for a new edition in 1937 Russell said that he remained
convinced of the truth of the book’s fundamental thesis, which is ‘that
mathematics and logic are identical’.
The intellectual intoxication felt by Russell in 1900 never thereafter
returned. For one thing, events in his private life during the following
years brought dark clouds. He found that he had lost his love for his
wife, and told her so. ‘I believed in those days (what experience has
Russell

taught me to think possibly open to doubt) that in intimate relations
one should speak the truth,’ he later wrote (A 151). The result was great
misery for them both in the nine further years during which they shared
an address. At nearly the same time a revolution was wrought in his
emotional life by witnessing the suffering in illness of Evelyn Whitehead,
wife of his former teacher Alfred North Whitehead. Seeing her in the
intense isolation endured by one in agony, his view of the world
suddenly changed; to that moment he subsequently dated his
paciﬁsm, his longing for children, the beginnings of a heightened
aesthetic sensibility, and a profound sense that each of us is ultimately
and irremediably alone. The experience is movingly described in his
Autobiography.
In his mathematical work, which otherwise might have afforded him
consolation, there occurred a similarly grave upheaval. This was the
discovery of a contradiction at the very heart of the project Russell was
trying to carry out. The contradiction and its importance is described in
its due place in chapter 2 below. Its effect was to stall Russell’s work for
over two years, during which he stared at a blank sheet of paper
10

wondering how to proceed. By this time he was at work on Principia
Mathematica, which began life as an intended second volume to The
Principles of Mathematics. This putative second volume was to have
contained the technical working-out of the ideas sketched in The
Principles, together with a fuller treatment of a number of difﬁculties left
over from it; but it quickly became apparent that much more was
needed if he was to achieve the project’s aim, which was ‘to show that
all pure mathematics follows from purely logical premisses and uses
only concepts deﬁnable in logical terms’ (MMD 57). Russell therefore
invited Whitehead’s collaboration, and from then until 1910 most of his
mental energies were devoted to the production of this monumental
work. Its philosophical aspects, and the actual writing out of the
technical material, fell to Russell; Whitehead, among other things, made
signiﬁcant contributions to the notation and a great deal of working out
of proofs.

each year, and from ten to twelve hours a day. When the manuscript
was at last delivered to Cambridge University Press it was so huge that it
had to be transported there in a four-wheeler carriage. The Syndics of
the Press calculated that the book would bring them a loss of £600, and
said that they were willing to bear only half that sum. Russell and
Whitehead persuaded the Royal Society to help by voting a £200 grant,
but the remainder had to be supplied from their own pockets. As a
result, their ﬁnancial reward for years of work on this vast project was a
loss of £50 each.
But the true rewards were great. In the course of the endeavour, and
arising from it, Russell published some very important philosophical
papers. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society at the unusually
young age of 35. His place in the history of logic and philosophy was
secured. Much that Russell later attempted and achieved in his many
spheres of activity was made possible by his having earned the
Olympian stature conferred by authorship of Principia.
11

Life and work

Russell reports that he worked at Principia Mathematica for eight months

Russell was not idle in other respects during these years of intellectual
labour. His interest in politics remained lively; he campaigned for free
trade, and stood as a parliamentary candidate on behalf of female
suffrage at the Wimbledon by-election of 1907. Votes for women was an
intensely unpopular cause whose champions regularly suffered abuse
and even violence. Russell might eventually have entered Parliament
had his agnosticism not stood in the way; he was about to stand as a
candidate for Bedford in the 1911 election when his local campaign
organizers learned that he would not conceal his agnosticism from the
electors, and would not go to church. They accordingly chose another
candidate.
But something much more congenial then offered: Trinity appointed
him to a ﬁve-year lectureship, so Russell assumed the life of a don, and
turned his attention to writing a little book that became a classic: The
Russell

Problems of Philosophy, which remains to this day one of the best short
introductions to the subject.
One unexpected result of Russell’s political activities was romance. In
1910, while living near Oxford, he helped canvass for the local candidate
Philip Morrell whose wife Lady Ottoline Morrell he had known in
childhood. Their re-encounter blossomed in the following year into a
love affair. Russell wished to marry her, which would have meant his
divorcing Alys and Ottoline’s divorcing Philip. But Ottoline did not wish
to leave Philip, so the affair remained adulterous, with the compliance
of Philip but the bitter opposition of Alys and her family. Russell and Alys
separated and did not meet again for 40 years, although they were in
the meantime divorced, early in the 1920s.
Ottoline was indisputably good for Russell. ‘She laughed at me’, Russell
wrote, ‘when I behaved like a don or a prig, and when I was dictatorial in
conversation. She gradually cured me of the belief that I was seething
with appalling wickedness which could only be kept under by iron selfcontrol. She made me less self-centred and less self-righteous’ (A 214).
12

She also provided him, in her person and the voluptuous beauty of
her surroundings, with satisfactions for his aesthetic impulses. Russell
was then nearly 40 years of age; it was a late but profound
awakening.
In 1914 Russell visited the United States and lectured, among other
places, at Harvard University. His lectures were subsequently published
as Our Knowledge of the External World. One of his pupils at Harvard was
T. S. Eliot, who wrote a poem about him, ‘Mr Apollinax’, in which he
appears as a mythical creature, strange and even frightening, whose
seaweed-festooned head might suddenly roll under a chair or pop up,
grinning, above a screen; who laughs, Eliot says, ‘like an irresponsible
foetus’, yet whose ‘dry and passionate talk’ eats up the afternoon,
reminding Eliot of the beating of a centaur’s hoofs on hard ground. It
13

Life and work

4. Lady Ottoline Morrell (1873–1938), painted in 1926 by Augustus John;
oil on canvas.

was an encounter that left a strong impression on Eliot; of the
others present he could remember only that they ate cucumber
sandwiches.
While visiting Chicago Russell fell in love with his host’s daughter – she
is unnamed in his autobiography – who was then a student at Bryn
Mawr. They made plans for her to join him in England so that they could
marry when he divorced Alys. She did indeed come; but by then the
First World War had begun, the emotional shock of which to Russell,
and his passionate engagement in paciﬁst activities, had obliterated his
feelings for her. The disaster of her visit was later compounded by her
going mad. In his autobiography Russell reports this sad interlude with
agonized regret.
Russell’s response to the outbreak of war was complex. He was too old
Russell

to be a combatant, so he never had the status of a conscientious

5. T. S. Eliot (1888–1965), one of Russell’s students at Harvard, wrote a
poem about him, ‘Mr Apollinax’, in which he appears as a mythical
creature, with a seaweed-festooned head and centaur hoofs.
14

objector. (A number of his acquaintances who were in this position,
such as Lytton Strachey, discharged their compulsory agricultural
duties by pottering about Ottoline’s country estate at Garsington.) Like
many Edwardian intellectuals Russell had a tenderness for Germany and
German culture. He was ﬂuent in the language, read German books as
a matter of course, and had lived there and written about its politics.
But he was also intensely patriotic, once writing that ‘love of England
is very nearly the strongest emotion that I possess’. Nor was he an
unconditional paciﬁst, as shown by the fact that a quarter of a century
later he strongly supported the war against Nazism. The point for him
was that the outbreak of hostilities in 1914 served no principle and
promised no beneﬁts, but was brought about by the folly of politicians
and threatened to engulf civilization in a huge welter of wasted young
life. ‘All this madness’, he wrote in a letter to the Nation very soon after
ﬁghting began, ‘all this rage, all this ﬂaming death of our civilisation
gentlemen, living luxurious lives, mostly stupid, and all without
imagination and heart, have chosen that it should occur rather than
that any of them should suffer some inﬁnitesimal rebuff to his
country’s pride.’
Then as in the Vietnam War half a century later Russell was
extraordinarily insightful. The horrendous slaughter of the trenches had
not properly begun, yet Russell saw its inevitability, and with it much
longer-term evil consequences. Very few could then have foreseen that
a process had begun which would trap most of the world in actual or
incipient war for most of the rest of the century, with scores of millions
of deaths and the misdirection of massive resources to development of
military technology, each new advance in the sophistication of which
has been more dangerous and destructive than the last. Russell could
not of course in 1914 foresee Bolshevism, Nazism and the Holocaust,
nuclear weapons and the Cold War, nationalism given teeth by the
international arms trade, and fundamentalism spurred by the jealous
gap between rich and poor nations. But he had a lively sense that the
15

Life and work

and our hopes, has been brought about because a set of ofﬁcial

outbreak of war meant that a gate had been swung wide to disaster of
some form: and many decades of disaster duly followed.
He was equally horriﬁed by the popular support for war in the
combatant nations, and the form it took of ‘primitive barbarism’ and
the release of ‘instincts of hatred and blood lust’, which – as he pointed
out – are the very things civilization exists to oppose. Worst of all was
the appearance of these same sentiments in the majority of his friends
and acquaintances. He could not stand aside; throughout the war years
he wrote articles and made speeches, supporting organized opposition
to the war in the form of the Union of Democratic Control and the No
Conscription Fellowship. Early in the war he did charitable work among
Germans living in England who had been made destitute by being cut
off from home. The need for this work did not last long because citizens

Russell

of enemy nations were soon interned.
The leader of the No Conscription Fellowship was a young man called
Clifford Allen (later Lord Allen of Hurtwood), who was repeatedly sent to
prison for refusing to give up his anti-war work. At one of Allen’s trials
Russell met Lady Constance Malleson, an actress with the stage-name
of Colette O’Neil. She was engaged in paciﬁst work also, spending her
evenings in the theatre and her days stufﬁng envelopes in the
Fellowship’s ofﬁces. They became lovers, her calmness providing Russell
with a refuge from the harshness of the wartime struggle.
Russell was himself several times on the rough end of the law for his
anti-war work. In 1916 he was prosecuted because of an article he had
written, and was ﬁned £100. He refused to pay, so his goods were
distrained; but his friends kindly bought them and gave them back to
him, rendering his gesture futile. Then he was banned from entering
any militarily restricted areas of Britain, in particular any part of the
coast (to prevent him, he wryly supposed, from signalling to enemy
submarines). He was refused a passport when he attempted to travel to
America in 1916. And in 1918 he was sent to prison for six months
16

because of an article in which he said that American troops coming to
Europe might be used for strike-breaking, a task they had performed in
their own country. Because of his connections (it was, as he sardonically
acknowledged, useful being an Earl’s brother) he was placed in the ﬁrst
division, which meant that he had a cell to himself and could have
books; so he read and wrote, producing one book – An Introduction to
Mathematical Philosophy – and the beginnings of another – The Analysis
of Mind – together with a number of reviews and articles. He was
released in September 1918, when it was already apparent that the war
could not last much longer.
The ﬁrst of Russell’s brushes with the law carried an extra penalty. All
the younger dons at Trinity had gone off to ﬁght, leaving a small group
of older men in charge of the College’s affairs. They were deeply hostile
to Russell’s war work. When they heard of his conviction, they voted to
outraged by this treatment of Russell, later wrote an account of it. When
at the war’s end the younger dons returned from ﬁghting, they voted to
reinstate Russell, but by that time Russell’s interests were leading him
abroad.
Among the many changes effected in Russell by the war was a widening
in the scope of his literary activity. He produced two non-philosophical
books during these years, Principles of Social Reconstruction (in the
United States called Why Men Fight), published in 1916, and Roads to
Freedom, published in 1918, which presaged his many further popular
books on social, political, and moral questions. While giving Principles of
Social Reconstruction as a series of lectures in 1916 Russell met and began
what was intended to be a collaboration with D. H. Lawrence, but
Lawrence’s attitude soon turned hostile. At ﬁrst Lawrence’s accusations
that Russell’s paciﬁsm was a mask for violently misanthropic feelings
troubled Russell profoundly, because he thought Lawrence had special
insight into human nature; but Lawrence’s increasingly hysterical and
vituperative letters led Russell to see through Lawrence’s proto-fascistic
17

Life and work

deprive him of his lectureship. The mathematician G. H. Hardy,

brand of politics and his worship of irrationalism, and relations between
them ceased.
In prison in 1918 Russell worked, as noted, on two philosophical books.
His return to philosophy had however begun earlier, for in the early
months of 1918 he gave a series of lectures under the title ‘The
Philosophy of Logical Atomism’, published shortly afterwards in
successive numbers of a journal called The Monist. In his
characteristically overgenerous way, Russell attributed his ideas to
Ludwig Wittgenstein, who had been his pupil for a short time at
Cambridge before the war. In fact most of the ideas in Russell’s lectures
are apparent in work he did long before meeting Wittgenstein; but as
one can see from the latter’s Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, written
while Wittgenstein was serving at the front in the Austrian army, the
two had discussed these ideas at some length before the war. Now
Russell

Russell received a letter from Wittgenstein, who was languishing in an
Italian prisoner-of-war camp, telling him about the Tractatus. After the
Italians released him Wittgenstein tried to get his book published, but
failed; so Russell lent his help, and persuaded a publisher to take the
book by agreeing to write an introduction to it. Although Russell was
several more times of crucial help to Wittgenstein – not least in
arranging a research Fellowship for him at Trinity a decade later – the
two men drifted apart because of profound temperamental and
philosophical differences.
Russell had once again fallen in love, this time with a young Girton
graduate called Dora Black. In 1920 they independently visited the
Soviet Union, from which Dora returned enthusiastic and Russell hostile.
He wrote a damning book about the Bolsheviks, over which he and Dora
quarrelled. But it did not stop them going together to China in 1921,
where Russell had been invited to spend a year as a visiting professor in
Peking.
As with many who spend any length of time in China, Russell fell in love
18

with it. And like many of these many, he was inclined to romanticize
the Chinese themselves. He applauded their sense of humour, their
sagacity, their enjoyment of beautiful things, and their immensely
civilized love of culture and learning. But he somehow did not see how
vilely harsh were the lives of the majority in that vast country, nor how
crushed and obstructed China was by its ancient traditions. While
there he refused to set himself up as an adviser to the many who
asked him how they should live, what they should think, and how
China could emerge from its poverty and feudal disarray. The
American philosopher John Dewey was visiting China at the same
time, and did not hesitate to pronounce on all these matters, with the
result that his memory remains a more potent inﬂuence in China today
than Russell’s. The tradition of the sage is strong in China; Russell
therefore lost an opportunity to do much good there. He wrote a
19

Life and work

6. Dora Black (1894–1986) was a young Girton graduate who met Russell
in 1916. They fell in love, but Dora rejected his proposal of marriage until
September 1921. They had two children, John Russell and Katharine
Russell.

book setting out his views on China and its future, but a book
published later in far-away England was no substitute for the oracles
his guests had hoped to hear. He lectured them, instead, on
mathematical logic.
Towards the end of his sojourn in Peking, Russell fell seriously ill with
bronchitis, and nearly died. As a result of the overzealousness of some
Japanese journalists, news of his death was announced; Russell was
therefore able to read his own obituary notices, including a one-liner
that appeared in a missionary journal and especially amused him:
‘Missionaries may be pardoned’, it read, ‘for breathing a sigh of relief at
the news of Mr Bertrand Russell’s death.’
Alys had at last agreed to a divorce, so when Russell and Dora returned
to England in September 1921 they married, and not long afterwards
Russell

their ﬁrst son, John Conrad, was born. A daughter, Kate, followed two
years later. Russell twice stood for Parliament as a Labour Party
candidate in Chelsea, in 1922 and 1923, but unsuccessfully. Family
responsibilities pressed; he needed to make a living, and therefore again
gave up the idea of parliamentary politics to devote himself to writing
and lecturing. The most lucrative lecturing circuit was the United
States, to which he made four visits during the 1920s. The popular
books he published included The A.B.C. of Relativity, The A.B.C. of Atoms,
What I Believe, On Education, Sceptical Essays, Marriage and Morals, and
The Conquest of Happiness. Some of these were ﬁnancially successful,
and some caused scandal, mainly because of their liberal views on
sexual morality. Nor did he neglect philosophy; his Analysis of Mind,
begun in prison, appeared in 1921; he was invited to give the Tarner
Lectures in Cambridge in 1925, and they were published in 1927 as The
Analysis of Matter. He also produced an introductory textbook called An
Outline of Philosophy.
The advent of children satisﬁed a long yearning in Russell. They provided
him with a ‘new emotional centre’ which absorbed him in parental
20

interests for the rest of the 1920s. He bought a house in Cornwall so that
the family could spend their summers there, and when John and Kate
reached school age he and Dora decided to found their own school so
that the children would be educated as they thought best. They rented
Russell’s brother’s country house on the South Downs, and began a
school of 20 children all roughly of the same age. The house was large,
set in 200 acres of virgin forest ﬁlled with magniﬁcent beeches and
yews, and roamed by many kinds of wildlife, including deer. The views
from the house itself were beautiful.
Despite the ideal and the idyll, the experiment in the end was a failure.
The school never paid for itself, and Russell’s writing of popular books
and journalism, and his crossings and recrossings of the Atlantic to
make lecture tours – he hated the sea journeys – were mainly aimed at
subsidizing it. Dora also made a lecture tour to America, but her chief
and Dora never found teachers who could consistently apply their
principles, which involved allowing freedom with discipline – for despite
allegations to the contrary, Russell’s school was not an anarchy of
infants; he later wrote, ‘To let the children go free was to establish a
reign of terror, in which the strong kept the weak trembling and
miserable. A school is like the world; only government can prevent
brutal violence.’
Another difﬁculty was that the school attracted a high proportion of
problem children, whose parents had tried to send them elsewhere but
had been driven at last to try experimental schools. Because the Russells
needed the money they accepted these children, only to ﬁnd that they
made running the school very difﬁcult.
Worst of all, however, was the effect on Russell’s own children. The
other pupils thought they were unduly favoured, because their parents
ran the school; but in an effort to be fair, Russell and Dora tried to treat
them on the same footing as the others, with the consequence that
21

Life and work

responsibility was running the school. Staff proved a difﬁculty; Russell

John and Kate were effectively deprived of their parents, and suffered
for it. The early happiness in the family was, in Russell’s own words,
thereby ‘destroyed, and was replaced by awkwardness and
embarrassment’ (A 390).
Hopes for education as a way of transforming the world were
widespread in the years after the First World War. In Austria, for
example, where the demise of the Austro-Hungarian Empire had had a
shattering effect, many young intellectuals took up school-teaching in
the hope of building mankind anew. Karl Popper and Ludwig
Wittgenstein were among them. In an indirect way Russell was part of
this movement. But the realities of teaching, and the sheer intractability
of human material, quickly disillusioned most of them, and they
gave it up.

Russell

In 1931 Russell’s brother Frank died suddenly, and Russell inherited the
earldom. With it he inherited his brother’s debts and an obligation to
pay £400 a year in alimony to the second of his brother’s three exwives. His attitude to the earldom was somewhat wry, but he was not
averse to making use of it in various ways, not least in exploiting the
automatic entry it gave him to Establishment platforms, where his
expression of iconoclastic and independent views could have the
greatest effect. Nevertheless he did not often attend the House of
Lords, and preserved a healthy streak of contempt for the British class
system.
At about this time Russell’s marriage was feeling the strain both of the
school and of the various affairs which both spouses allowed
themselves. Russell did not object to Dora having affairs, but he did not
wish to be responsible for any children that resulted. Dora became
pregnant by an American lover, and the child was at ﬁrst registered as
Russell’s; later, when he saw her listed in Debrett’s as one of his
offspring, he instituted proceedings to have her name removed. To this
extent, therefore, Russell had dynastic impulses.
22

In the aftermath of the school and separation from Dora, and with the
additional ﬁnancial burdens inherited from his brother, Russell was still
under the necessity of making a living from his pen. A lucrative
association with the Hearst newspapers in America, for which Russell
had written a column, came to an end early in the decade, so Russell
had to devote his energies to books. In 1932 he published The Scientiﬁc
Outlook, and in 1934 one of his best books, a work of political history
called Freedom and Organization 1814–1914. In 1935 he published In Praise
of Idleness and in 1936 Which Way to Peace? In this book he reasserted his
qualiﬁed paciﬁsm and his commitment to the idea of world
government. But by the time this book was published he had already
come to feel the need for even deeper qualiﬁcations of paciﬁsm,
especially – as events in Germany over the previous two or three years
showed – in the face of such an ‘utterly revolting’ threat as he perceived
in Nazism. By the outbreak of the Second World War he had decided

In 1937 Russell published The Amberley Papers, a three-volume record of
the life of his parents. He found this work ‘restful’, because he admired
and profoundly agreed with his parents’ radical views, and felt nostalgia
for the more hopeful and spacious world – so it seemed to Russell – in
which they had fought for them. In working both on this book and on
Freedom and Organization Russell had the assistance of a young woman
who had previously taught at his school, and who had become ﬁrst his
lover and then, in 1936, his third wife: Patricia (commonly called ‘Peter’)
Spence. In 1937 they had a son, Conrad. They moved to a house near
Oxford where Russell gave a course of lectures and held discussions with
some of the younger philosophers, among them A. J. Ayer. He published
Power, A New Social Analysis in 1938, and his Oxford lectures, at ﬁrst
entitled ‘Words and Facts’, became his next philosophical book, An
Inquiry into Meaning and Truth, published in 1940.
In 1938 Russell went with Peter and Conrad to America to take up an
appointment as visiting professor at the University of Chicago. Although
23

Life and work

that resistance to Hitler must be unequivocal.

he had stimulating conversations there with brilliant students and
colleagues – among the latter Rudolf Carnap – he did not get on with
the head of the philosophy department, and he disliked Chicago, which
he described as ‘a beastly town with vile weather’. At the end of the year
the Russells went to California, where the weather proved altogether
more congenial. Russell taught at the University of California at Los
Angeles (UCLA). In the summer of 1939 John and Kate came to spend a
Californian holiday, but the outbreak of war made it impossible for them
to return to England, so Russell placed them both in UCLA.
Despite the sunshine he was less happy at UCLA than he had been at
Chicago, because the staff and students were not very able and the
president of the University seemed to Russell especially disagreeable.
After a year, therefore, he accepted an invitation to become a professor
at the City College of New York. But before he could assume his post a
Russell

scandal was raised against him on the grounds of irreligion and
immorality. It was started by an Episcopalian bishop, carried forward
enthusiastically by Catholics, and achieved focus in a legal suit brought
by the mother of an intending female student of the College. The
mother, a Mrs Kay, said that Russell’s presence in the College would be
dangerous to her daughter’s virtue. Russell was unable to plead in court
because the suit was brought against the Municipality of New York and
he was not himself a party to it. Mrs Kay’s lawyer described Russell’s
works as ‘lecherous, libidinous, lustful, venerous, erotomaniac,
aphrodisiac, irreverent, narrow-minded, untruthful, and bereft of moral
ﬁbre’. One of the grounds for this was that Russell had stated in a book
that very young children should not be punished for masturbating. The
Irish Catholic judge was even more vituperative in his summing up
against Russell than Mrs Kay’s lawyer had been. Mrs Kay, naturally, won.
The case raised not just the whole of New York City and State against
Russell, but the whole country. Driven from his New York job, he could
at ﬁrst ﬁnd nowhere else that would give him a teaching post, and no
newspaper that would offer him a column. Because of war conditions it
24

was impossible to get money from England. He was thus stranded
abroad without a livelihood, and with a family to support.
Russell was rescued from this dilemma ﬁrst by Harvard University, which
generously invited him to lecture in 1940, and then by a Philadelphia
millionaire, Dr Barnes, a passionate collector of art who had established
a Foundation for the study chieﬂy of art history. He gave Russell a ﬁveyear contract to lecture at the Foundation. To his amusement, and
despite thinking it incongruous with academic philosophy, Russell gave
his lectures in a room hung with French paintings of nudes. Barnes was
something of an eccentric with a reputation for falling out with his staff;
less than halfway through Russell’s term he suddenly issued a dismissal
notice on the grounds that, in his opinion, Russell’s lectures were poorly
prepared. These lectures were subsequently published as A History of
Western Philosophy, by far Russell’s most successful book from a popular
the manuscript to the judge to read. He won his case. It must be said
that parts of this famous book are sketchy enough to make one feel a
certain sympathy with the Philadelphia millionaire. But in other respects
it is a marvellously readable, magniﬁcently sweeping survey of Western
thought, distinctive for placing it informatively into its historical
context. Russell enjoyed writing it, and the enjoyment shows; his later
remarks about it equally show that he was conscious of its
shortcomings.
Work on the History was continued in the library of Bryn Mawr College
after Russell’s break with Barnes. This was owing to the kindness of
Professor Paul Weiss who invited Russell there while he awaited
permission from the British Embassy in Washington to return to
England. Trinity College had offered Russell a Fellowship, which,
together with a handsome advance for the History, rescued Russell from
his difﬁculties. Just before sailing home through the dangers of German
submarines in the Atlantic, Russell spent a short time at Princeton,
where he had discussions with Einstein, Kurt Gödel, and Wolfgang Pauli.
25

Life and work

and ﬁnancial point of view. Russell sued for breach of contract and gave

For the next few years Russell taught in Cambridge, publishing the
History in 1945 and Human Knowledge: Its Scope and Limits in 1948. This
was Russell’s last great work of philosophy, and he was disappointed
when it received little notice from the philosophical community. One
reason for this he attributed to the considerable vogue then and for
some time afterwards enjoyed by Wittgenstein’s ideas. In 1949, a year
which he described as the ‘apogee of his respectability’, his
Fellowship at Trinity was changed to a Fellowship for life without
teaching duties; he was elected to an Honorary Fellowship of the
British Academy; the BBC invited him to give the ﬁrst ever series of
Reith Lectures; King George VI gave him the Order of Merit; and in
the following year he was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature,
news of which reached him while he was on yet another visit to the
United States.

Russell

Russell was pleased to be given the OM, and went to Buckingham Palace
for the investiture. King George was embarrassed at having to behave
graciously to an iconoclastic ex-convict adulterer, who in addition was –
in his own words – so ‘queer looking’, so he said, ‘You have sometimes
behaved in a way which would not do if generally adopted.’ The reply
that sprang to Russell’s lips, but which he managed to suppress, was,
‘Like your brother’, meaning the abdicated Edward VIII; instead he said,
‘How a man should behave depends upon his profession. A postman, for
instance, should knock at all the doors in a street at which he has letters
to deliver, but if anybody else knocked on all the doors, he would be
considered a public nuisance.’ The King hastily changed the subject
(A 516–17).
Russell’s new respectability, and in particular his long-standing
opposition to the communism of the Soviet Union, made him useful to
the British Government in the deepening chill of the Cold War. In this
capacity he visited Germany and Sweden to lecture, on the latter
occasion being involved in a seaplane crash in Trondheim harbour,
which necessitated his having to swim to safety through freezing water;
26

and on the former being temporarily made a member of the British
Armed Forces, to his great amusement.
Russell travelled widely in the 1950s – to Australia, to India, to America
again, as well as to continental Europe and Scandinavia – lecturing all
the while, and enjoying considerable celebrity. Three years after
separating from Peter Spence he married his long-standing American
friend, Edith Finch, and they made a honeymoon to Paris; but even on
sightseeing jaunts around the city – which neither had ever explored as
tourists, for the good reason that both had previously lived there –
Russell was recognized and crowds clustered round him.
Travelling and lecturing, as always with Russell, turned into books. The
Reith Lectures appeared as Authority and the Individual. In 1954 he
published Human Society in Ethics and Politics, which included his Nobel
nominated Marriage and Morals) Russell was prompted to write ﬁction.
In 1912 he had written a novel but not attempted to publish it; now he
wrote two collections of short stories, more accurately fables, all with
philosophical or polemical intent, called Satan in the Suburbs and
Nightmares of Eminent Persons. In 1956 he published Portraits From
Memory, a series of sketches of eminent people he had known, and in
1959 he gave the world his intellectual autobiography, My Philosophical
Development, which summarizes the progress of his views from
childhood onwards.
But any idea that Russell had ﬁnally entered the Establishment fold, and
would subside into grandly respectable and quiescent old age, was
mistaken; for Russell saw that the world was beset by a horrifying and
rapidly growing danger which he felt it imperative to resist. This was the
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. From the mid-1950s until
his death in February 1970 he campaigned against weapons and war
with the passion of a young man, among other things earning another
prison sentence – commuted, in the light of his great age (he was by
27

Life and work

Prize oration. Because his Nobel Prize was for Literature (the citation

then in his nineties), to a week in a prison hospital – and in his very last
years again earning dislike and hostility, especially for what seemed to
be intemperate, ill-judged, and even hysterical opposition to American
actions in the Vietnam War. It later transpired that his accusations of
war crimes against the United States were based on largely correct
information. In the course of these endeavours Russell became the ﬁrst
president of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND), published
two books – Common Sense and Nuclear Warfare and Has Man A Future? –
and was instrumental in establishing the Pugwash Conference and later,
with Jean-Paul Sartre, the International War Crimes Tribunal in
opposition to the Vietnam War.
The political struggles of Russell’s last 15 years are canvassed in chapter 4
below. By the close of his life, despite bodily age and some inﬁrmity (but
he was spry and alert until the end, dying in his 98th year) Russell
Russell

seemed to have grown younger with time; his grandmother sent him
into the world a middle-aged Victorian, and he metamorphosed into an
eternally young knight-errant; honest, indomitable, equipped with a
formidable intellect and great ability as a writer, who used his gifts – not
least among them his extraordinarily incisive powers of reason and wit –
to do battle with dragons.
The perspective of time either enlarges or diminishes those who have
occupied the public view. Most dwindle into foothills (which is to say,
footnotes); a few rise to Himalayan majesty. Among their peaks Russell
stands high.

28

Chapter 2
Logic and philosophy

Introduction
By his own account, Russell’s chief philosophical motive was to ﬁnd out
if anything can be known with certainty. This ambition, identical to that
of Descartes, had risen in him as a result of two early intellectual crises:
his loss of religious faith, and his disappointment at having to accept
unproven axioms as the basis of geometry. His ﬁrst truly original
philosophical endeavour was to show that mathematics rests on logic.
Success in this enterprise would have provided a grounding of certainty
for mathematical knowledge. The project failed, but a number of
important philosophical advances came out of the attempt. Russell then
turned to the problems of general philosophy, where certainty is even
harder to ﬁnd. He worked at constructing theories which he hoped
would, despite the elusiveness of certainty, provide satisfactory
solutions nevertheless. He returned to these problems again and again,
developing and changing his views but keeping faith with the analytical
techniques derived from his logical work. He felt able, in the end, to
claim a measure of success, although he knew that few of his fellow
philosophers agreed with him.
When one surveys Russell’s philosophical work, ignoring the fact that it
evolved over a very long span, frequently and lengthily interrupted by
many other activities, one is surprised at how continuous and logical an
29

evolution it represents. In his own account of his philosophical
development Russell states that his philosophical life divides into two,
the ﬁrst part consisting in an early and short-lived ﬂirtation with
idealism, the second, inspired by his discovery of new logical
techniques, dominating his outlook from then on:
There is one major division in my philosophical work; in the years 1899–
1900 I adopted the philosophy of logical atomism and the technique of
Peano in mathematical logic. This was so great a revolution as to make
my previous work, except such as was purely mathematical, irrelevant to
everything that I did later. The change in these years was a revolution;
subsequent changes have been in the nature of an evolution.
(MPD 11)

The evolution that followed the revolution was considerable, but at
Russell

every point it was driven by a need to solve problems thrown up by
preceding phases, or, if the problems were too great, to ﬁnd alternative
routes forward. This dialectical continuity of concerns shows that
Charles Broad’s witticism, ‘Mr Bertrand Russell produces a new system
of philosophy each year or so, and Mr G. E. Moore none at all’, although
perhaps true of Moore, is not true of Russell, least of all in its hint that
there was something capricious about the steps in Russell’s
philosophical pilgrimage.
In the years between taking his degree and discovering Peano – roughly,
the decade of the 1890s – Russell was under the inﬂuence of German
idealism as favoured by his teachers at Cambridge. The published
version of his Fellowship dissertation was a Kantian account of
geometry, but his main allegiance was to Hegel. He wrote a Hegelian
account of number, and planned a complete idealist dialectic of
the sciences aimed at proving, in Hegel’s style, that all reality is
mental.
Russell later dismissed this work, with characteristic robustness, as
30

‘nothing but unmitigated rubbish’ (MPD 32). The revolution in his
philosophical approach occurred, as we have seen, as a result of his joint
revolt against idealism with Moore, and his discovery of the logical work
of Peano. This last was particularly signiﬁcant because it galvanized
Russell’s ambition to derive mathematics from logic, and offered the
means of doing so. The years between 1900 and 1910 were principally
devoted to this task, much valuable philosophical work arising in the
process. The project is mooted in The Principles of Mathematics (1903),
and the detailed attempt to carry it out constitutes Principia
Mathematica (1910–13). Among the classic philosophical papers
produced by Russell on the way is ‘On Denoting’ (1905), some of the
ideas in which have been immensely inﬂuential in the subsequent
history of philosophy.

Mathematica. Russell set about applying the techniques of analysis
developed in this work to the problems of metaphysics (enquiry into
the nature of reality) and epistemology (enquiry into how we get and
test knowledge). His enduring little classic, The Problems of Philosophy
(1912), sketches the metaphysical and epistemological views he then
held. He proposed to give them more detailed treatment in
subsequent writings, and began in 1913 by drafting a large book,
posthumously published as Theory of Knowledge (1984). But he was
dissatisﬁed with aspects of it, so instead of publishing it in book form
he broke it up and published part of it as a series of papers. At the
same time a suggestion by Whitehead inspired him to apply logical
techniques to the analysis of perception; the result was a set of lectures
delivered at Harvard and subsequently published as Our Knowledge of
the External World (1914). This book, together with a paper entitled ‘The
Relation of Sense-Data to Physics’ published in the same year,
represents an excursus by Russell into something like phenomenalism.
‘Phenomenalism’ is the view that perceptual knowledge can be
analysed in terms of our acquaintance with the fundamental data of
31

Logic and philosophy

The philosophical work of these years continued after the associated
logical work was brought to an end by the publication of Principia

sensory experience. (I say ‘something like phenomenalism’ because
although Russell half a century later described these views as
phenomenalistic, in the original writings they are not unambiguously
so; this point is discussed in the appropriate place below.) Four years
later, in another series of lectures, Russell applied his analytic method
to objects and our talk of them. He called this the ‘Philosophy of
Logical Atomism’. At the same time he published what is in effect a
popular version of Principia Mathematica, setting out the basic ideas of
the philosophy of mathematics. This book is entitled An Introduction to
Mathematical Philosophy (1918).
In the 1920s Russell sought to extend and improve the application of his
analytic techniques to the philosophy of psychology and physics. The
ﬁrst fruit of this was The Analysis of Mind (1921) in which his version of
quasi-phenomenalism is applied to the analysis of mental entities. The
Russell

second was The Analysis of Matter (1927), where Russell seeks to analyse
the chief concepts of physics, such as force and matter, in terms of
events. The argument of this book is strongly realist; Russell did not
think it feasible to analyse the basic concepts of physics without
admitting that certain entities exist independently of perception of
them, which marked the end of any dalliance with phenomenalism. It
might also be described as a ‘return’ to realism, because Russell had
been committed to a rather swingeing form of realism before writing
Our Knowledge of the External World.
Having made this return journey from a version of phenomenalism or
something close to it, Russell reconsidered problems which he now felt
had not been properly dealt with under his phenomenalist assumptions.
The result was An Inquiry Into Meaning and Truth (1940) where he again
discusses the relation of experience to contingent knowledge, and
Human Knowledge (1948), where, among other things, he returns to a
matter left inadequately discussed in earlier writings: the important
question of non-demonstrative (non-deductive) inference, of the kind
generally supposed to be employed in science.
32

7. Frontispiece of The Principles of Mathematics, published in 1900, with the
premiss that mathematics and logic are identical.

Each of these phases in the development of Russell’s thought merits
extended discussion, to be found in the works cited in Further reading
below. In the following sections I give a summary account of them.

The rejection of idealism
Idealism takes a number of variant forms, but its basic tenet is that
reality is fundamentally mental. ‘Idea-ism’ would be a more informative
version of the name. It is a technical term of philosophy, and has
nothing to do with ordinary senses of the English word ‘ideal’. In one of
its forms, as held by Bishop Berkeley, idealism is the thesis that reality
ultimately consists of a community of minds and their ideas. One of the
minds is inﬁnite, and causes most of the ideas; Berkeley identiﬁes it as
God. In later views of the kind espoused by T. H. Green and F. H. Bradley,
both of whom were much inﬂuenced by German idealism, the thesis is
Russell

that the universe ultimately consists of a single Mind which, so to speak,
experiences itself. They argue that our ﬁnite, partial, and individual
experience, which tells us that the world consists of a plurality of
independently existing entities – many if not most of which are material
rather than mental – is contradictory or at very least misleading. This
plurality of things is mere ‘appearance’, which obscures rather than
represents the true nature of reality. This implies an important
concomitant of the idealist view, as Russell had learned to accept it: that
because plurality is a misleading appearance, the truth is that
everything is related to everything else in the universe, and therefore
the universe is ultimately a single thing – everything is One. This view is
called ‘monism’.
When Moore and Russell rejected idealism in 1898 (the event was
marked by publication in that year of Moore’s article ‘The Nature of
Judgment’) they opposed both of the chief theses of idealism: that
experience and its objects are inextricably mutually dependent, and
that everything is one. They thereby committed themselves to ‘realism’,
which is the thesis that the objects of experience are independent of
34

experience of them, and to ‘pluralism’, which is the thesis that there are
many independent things in the world.
Russell saw idealism and its concomitant monism as arising from a view
about relations which, once refuted, opens the way to pluralist realism.
Relations are expressed by such sentences as ‘A is to the left of B’, ‘A is
earlier than B’, ‘A loves B’. On the idealist view, Russell claimed, all
relations are ‘internal’, that is, they are properties of the terms they
relate, and, in a full description, appear as properties of the whole which
they form with their relata. This is sometimes plausible; in ‘A loves B’ A’s
loving B is a property of A – that is, is a fact about the nature of A –
and the complex fact denoted by ‘A loves B’ has the property of being
a loving-of-B-by-A. But if all relations are internal it immediately follows
that the universe constitutes what the idealist philosopher Harold
nature of anything to be related to everything else, and that therefore a
full description of any one thing will tell us everything about the whole
universe, and vice versa. Bradley puts the point like this: ‘Reality is one.
It must be single because plurality, taken as real, contradicts itself.
Plurality implies relations, and, through its relations it unwillingly
asserts always a superior unity’ (Appearance and Reality, 519).
In opposition to this view Russell argued that the idealists commit a
fundamental mistake. This is that they take all propositions to be of
subject-predicate form. Consider the sentence ‘The ball is round’. This
can be used to express a proposition in which the property of roundness
is predicated of a given ball (‘predicated’ means: applied to, said of). In
Russell’s view, the idealists wrongly took it that all propositions, even
relational ones, are ultimately of subject-predicate form; which means
that every proposition must, in the ﬁnal analysis, constitute a
predication on reality as a whole, and that relations as such are unreal.
For example: on the idealist view the proposition ‘A is to the left of B’
should properly be understood as saying, ‘Reality has the property of Aappearing-to-be-to-the-left-of-B’ (or something like this).
35

Logic and philosophy

Joachim calls ‘a signiﬁcant whole’, for it means that it is part of the

But if one sees that many propositions are irreducibly relational in form,
one thereby sees that monism is false. To say that many propositions are
irreducibly relational is to say that relations are real or ‘external’ – they
are not grounded in the terms they relate; the relation ‘to the left of’
does not belong intrinsically to any spatial object, which is to say that no
spatial object must of necessity be to the left of other things. For it to be
true that ‘A is to the left of B’, Russell argued, there therefore has to be
an A and separately a B for the former to stand to the latter in the
relation ‘left of’. And of course to say that there are more things than
one is to reject monism.
Rejection of monism constitutes a rejection of idealism for Russell
because it is crucial to idealism that the relation of experience to its
objects should be internal; which is in effect to say that there is no such
relation; which is again in effect to say that relations are unreal. But on
Russell

Russell’s opposed view that relations are real, experience cannot be
conﬂated with its objects; which is to say that those objects exist
independently of being experienced. And this is central to what Russell
and Moore meant by realism.
It is disputable whether Russell is right in thinking that all the idealists
(including Leibniz), and before them the Schoolmen with their
metaphysics of substance and attribute, were committed to the view
that all propositions are subject-predicate in form. But he certainly took
himself to have discovered a highly important ﬂaw in previous
philosophy. With the rejection of idealism he went for a time to the
other extreme, that of being a realist about everything. By his own
account he was a ‘naïve realist’ in the sense of one who believes that all
the perceived properties of material objects are genuine properties of
them, a physical realist in believing that all the theoretical entities of
physics are ‘actually existing entities’ (MPD 48–9), and a Platonic realist
in believing also in the existence, or at least in the ‘being’ (where this is
a qualiﬁed and perhaps lesser kind of existence), of ‘numbers, the
Homeric gods, relations, chimeras, and four-dimensional spaces’ (The
36

Principles of Mathematics (PoM) 449). Russell later trimmed this luxuriant
universe by applying ‘Ockham’s razor’, the principle that entities should
not be multiplied unnecessarily. For example, if physical objects can be
exhaustively explained in terms of subatomic entities, then a basic
inventory of the universe should not contain both trees and the quarks,
leptons, and gauge particles of which trees are made. This, later, was
how he applied the technique of analysis. But he still believed in an
inclusive realism in PoM, to which he turned after encountering the
work of Giuseppe Peano in Paris in 1900.

The foundations of mathematics
Leibniz had dreamed of a characteristica universalis, a universal and
completely precise language, use of which will solve all philosophical
desire for a symbolic logic, by which Russell then meant the ‘Boolean
algebra’ developed by George Boole in the mid-nineteenth century. But
at that juncture he did not think Leibniz was right to suppose that
philosophical problems can be solved by employing the technicalities of
a deductive logical system, for the reason that the truly important
questions of philosophy are about matters that are ‘anterior to
deduction’, namely, the concepts or facts referred to in the premisses
from which inference starts. Whatever these are, Russell argued, they
are not supplied to us by logic; logic can only help us in reasoning about
them.
But Russell changed his mind when he encountered Peano’s work.
Peano’s advances in logical technique (they had been anticipated by
Gottlob Frege, but neither Peano nor Russell then realized this)
immediately suggested to Russell ways of stating the fundamental
principles of logic, and of showing two centrally important things: ﬁrst,
how all the concepts of mathematics can be deﬁned in terms of them,
and secondly, how all mathematical truths can be proved from them. In
short, it suggested to Russell how to show that logic and mathematics
37

Logic and philosophy

problems. Russell recognized, in his book on Leibniz, that this was a

are identical. This is the aim of both PoM, and its more fully worked out
version, Principia Mathematica (PM).
The project of deriving mathematics from logic is known as ‘logicism’.
In PoM Russell did not attempt a rigorous assault on this part of the
programme, limiting himself instead to an informal sketch. The rigorous
assault was left to PM. Chief among Russell’s reasons for delaying the
task until PM was his discovery of a paradox which threatened the whole
enterprise.
Russell’s ﬁrst task was to deﬁne the concepts of mathematics using as
small a number as possible of purely logical notions. (Here follow
three paragraphs of informal technicality, which need not detain the
reader.) Letting ‘p’ and ‘q’ stand for propositions, these notions are:
negation (not-p), disjunction (p or q), conjunction (p and q), and
Russell

implication (if p then q). To these operations are added symbols for
representing the inner structure of propositions: ‘Fx’ is a functional
expression in which ‘x’ is a variable standing for any individual, and ‘F’
is a predicate letter standing for any property. Thus ‘Fx’ says that x is F
(an instance of what it symbolizes is: ‘the tree is tall’). One of the
important technical advances that Russell was able to use is a way of
quantifying such functions. Using notation which is now standard in
logic, quantiﬁcation is expressed like this: (x) expresses ‘all xs’, so (x)Fx
says that all xs are F, (∃x) expresses ‘at least one x’, so (∃x)Fx says that
at least one x is F. And ﬁnally there is the notion of identity: ‘a = b’ says
that a and b are not two objects but one and the same object. With
this simple language it is possible to deﬁne the concepts of
mathematics.
Earlier mathematicians had investigated the relations among
mathematical notions and had recognized that they are all reducible to
the natural numbers (the counting numbers 1, 2, 3 . . . ), although no
one had so far demonstrated this precisely. The ﬁrst step in the
programme was therefore to deﬁne the natural numbers in logical
38

terms. This is what Frege had already done, although Russell did not at
the time realize this.
The deﬁnition exploits the notion of classes: 2 is deﬁned as the class of
all couples, 3 as the class of all trios, and so on. In turn, a ‘couple’ is
deﬁned as a class having members x and y where x and y are not
identical and where, if there is any other member z of the class, z is
identical with either x or y. The general deﬁnition of number is stated in
terms of sets of similar classes, where ‘similarity’ is a precise notion
denoting a one–one relation: two classes are similar if a one–one
relation is speciﬁable as holding between their members.
With these notions in place, a raft of problems is solved, among them:
how to deﬁne 0 and 1 (Russell pointed out that these are two of the
many’ puzzles (how many things is a chair: is it one, or – if you count its
parts and constituents – many?), and how to understand inﬁnite
numbers. Once the whole numbers are deﬁned, the others (positive and
negative numbers, fractions, real numbers, complex numbers) present
relatively little difﬁculty.
The ﬁrst part of the programme – deﬁning mathematical concepts in
terms of logical ones – therefore seems largely unproblematic, once the
right technicalities are available. The second – the distinctively logicist
part of showing that mathematical truths can be proved from the
fundamental principles of logic – turns out to be vastly more difﬁcult.
The main reason for this, from Russell’s point of view at the time, was
his discovery of paradox. The paradox relates to a notion which, as the
foregoing sketch shows, is central to the project: the notion of classes.
In the course of his work Russell was led to ponder the fact that some
classes are, and some are not, members of themselves. For example, the
class of teaspoons is not a teaspoon, and therefore is not a member of
itself; but the class of things which are not teaspoons is a member of
39

Logic and philosophy

most difﬁcult notions in mathematics), how to overcome ‘one and

itself because it is not a teaspoon. What, then, of the class of all those
classes which are not members of themselves? If this class is not a
member of itself, then by deﬁnition it is a member of itself; and if it
is a member of itself, then by deﬁnition it is not a member of itself.
So it is both a member of itself and not a member of itself. Thus
paradox.
At ﬁrst Russell thought that some trivial mistake was to blame, but after
much effort to put things right, and after consulting Frege and
Whitehead, it became clear to him that disaster had struck. Russell
published PoM without having found a remedy. But by the time he and
Whitehead came to write PM he had, he thought, found a way out – but
his strategy proved highly controversial. Matters can be described as
follows.

Russell

The attempt to deduce the theorems of mathematics from purely
logical axioms cannot proceed, Russell found, without supplementary
axioms to make possible the task of proving certain theorems in
arithmetic and set theory. Two of these supplementary axioms (their
details do not matter; I mention them for completeness) are the
‘axiom of inﬁnity’, which states that there are inﬁnite collections in the
world, and the ‘axiom of choice’ (sometimes called the ‘multiplicative
axiom’) which states that for every set of disjoint non-empty sets there
is a set which shares exactly one member with each of the member
sets. The axioms are needed so that numbers can be deﬁned in terms
of classes, as sketched above. But they both appear to involve a
difﬁculty, which is that they are existential in character, that is, they say
‘there is such-and-such’ – in the ﬁrst case, a number, in the second, a
set – and this is a problem because logic should not be concerned with
what does or does not exist, but only with purely formal matters. But
Russell found a solution: it is to treat mathematical sentences as
conditionals, that is, as sentences of ‘if – then –’ form, with the axioms
occupying the ‘if’ gap: as such they say, ‘if you premiss this axiom,
then –’. Because these conditionals are derivable from the axioms of
40

logic, the apparent importation of existential considerations does not
matter.
But much greater difﬁculty arose with a third supplementary axiom, the
‘axiom of reducibility’. This is the axiom Russell adopted to overcome
the paradox problem, but which other logicians ﬁnd hard to accept.
The axiom of reducibility is tied to Russell’s ‘theory of types’. An
informal way of understanding this theory is to note that the paradox
discovered by Russell arises because the property of not being-amember-of-itself is applied to the class of all classes having that
property. If a restriction could be introduced which ruled that this
property is applicable only to the member classes and not to the class of
those classes, the paradox would not arise. This suggests that there
that those attributed at one level are not attributable at a higher level.
There is a version of type theory – it is a simpler version than Russell’s –
which captures this intuition and seems plausible to some logicians. It
was suggested by the mathematician-philosopher Frank Ramsey and is
called the ‘simple theory of types’. It puts matters like this: the
language which applies to a given domain has level 1 expressions –
names – which refer to objects in the domain, and it has level 2
expressions – predicates – which refer only to properties of those
objects, and it has level 3 expressions – predicates of predicates – which
refer only to properties of those properties . . . and so on. The rule is
that every expression belongs to a particular type and can only be
applied to expressions of the next type below it in the hierarchy. In line
with the informal sketch just given, one sees how this strategy suggests
a solution to the paradox problem.
Russell’s more complicated version of type theory is called the ‘ramiﬁed
theory of types’. (The correct way to understand this theory is a matter
of controversy – see, for example, Hylton 1990, chapter 7 – but the
41

Logic and philosophy

should be something like a distinction of levels among properties, such

following sketch can serve as a ﬁrst approximation.) Russell’s reason for
introducing ‘ramiﬁcation’ – which means the internal subdivision of
types into ‘orders’ – was that he thought a solution to the paradox
problem speciﬁcally needed it. He took it that the paradox problem
results from attempting to deﬁne properties by means of expressions
which contain reference to ‘all properties’, so talk of ‘all properties’
must be strictly controlled. Properties of, say, type 1 are therefore to be
subdivided into orders: a ﬁrst order of properties in whose deﬁnition the
expression ‘all properties’ does not occur; a second order of properties
in whose deﬁnition the expression ‘all properties of the ﬁrst order’
occurs; a third order in whose deﬁnition ‘all properties of the second
order’ occurs; and so on. Since there is never reference to ‘all properties’
which does not anchor it to a deﬁnite order, no property is ever deﬁned
in such a way that reference is made to the totality it belongs to. And

Russell

this avoids paradox.
But it does so at a major cost. It introduces difﬁculties into the theory of
real numbers by blocking its most important deﬁnitions and theorems.
It was to overcome this problem that Russell introduced the axiom of
reducibility, which tries to engineer a way of reducing orders within a
type to the lowest order. This manoeuvre, likened by one commentator
to using ‘brute force’ to salvage real number theory, was abandoned by
Russell in the second edition of PM (1927). But because he could not
accept that there is any alternative to a ramiﬁed theory of types he was
left in quandary. It was in response to this that Ramsey put forward the
‘simple’ theory of types sketched above. (It is as well to note that
Ramsey’s theory invites debate on its own account. It makes the
controversial claim that the circularity in deﬁnitions which ascribe
properties to themselves is harmless; and it demands an equally
controversial realism about the existence of totalities before they are
deﬁned.)
Russell’s logicist ambitions ran into difﬁculties partly on their own
account and partly because, as later developments in mathematics –
42

especially the work of Kurt Gödel – suggest, logicism itself is unfeasible.
Gödel showed that in any formal system adequate for number theory
there is an undecidable formula, that is, a formula such that neither it
nor its negation can be proved. A corollary of this is that the consistency
of such a system cannot be established within the system, so one
cannot assume that mathematics (or anyway large parts of it) can be
provided with a set of axioms sufﬁcient for generating all its truths. His
work shows that the axiomatic method has profound inherent
limitations, and that the only way to prove the consistency of many
kinds of deductive systems is to use a system of reasoning so
complicated that its own consistency is equally doubtful.
What Russell required to see his logicist project through was a formal
systematization which excludes the possibility of contradiction. Gödel’s
achievement of PoM and particularly PM is not to be found in the degree
to which they realize their stated aims, but in what might be called their
many signiﬁcant ‘spin-offs’ for logic and philosophy.

The Theory of Descriptions
One of the most inﬂuential spin-offs was Russell’s ‘Theory of
Descriptions’. In working out this important theory Russell achieved a
number of different goals. One lesson he had learned from arguing
against idealism is that the surface grammar of language can mislead us
about the meaning of what we say. As noted above, he thought that the
reason philosophers had been led into adopting a metaphysics of
substance and attribute – a view that, as debate in the history of
philosophy shows, runs into deep difﬁculties – was that they had taken
all propositions to be fundamentally subject-predicate in form. ‘The
table is made of wood’ and ‘the table is to the left of the door’ were
both treated as having the expression ‘the table’ as subject, and as
predicate the expressions which in each case follow the copula ‘is’. But
whereas the ﬁrst sentence might express a proposition of that form, the
43

Logic and philosophy

work says this is impossible. It has to be concluded that the

second expresses something quite different, namely, a relational
proposition; it in fact has two subjects (‘the table’ and ‘the door’) and it
asserts that they stand in a particular relation to one another. So the
logical form of the second sentence is quite different from the logical
form of the ﬁrst. In Russell’s view, the need, therefore, is for a method of
revealing the true underlying form of what we say to help us avoid
philosophical mistakes.
The next important step Russell took was to apply the new logic to this
task. Just as it serves to deﬁne the concepts and operations of
mathematics, so we can use it to analyse what we say about the world,
thus getting a correct picture of reality.
One way of showing how the theory of descriptions carries out this task
is to describe how it solves an important problem about meaning and
Russell

reference. The background to Russell’s treatment of this problem is to
be found in the work of Alexius Meinong, an Austrian philosopher
whose writings Russell had carefully studied and who had therefore
been an early inﬂuence on him. Meinong held that denoting expressions –
names like ‘Russell’ and descriptions like ‘the author of The Principles of
Mathematics’ – can occur signiﬁcantly in propositions (strictly: in
sentences expressing propositions) only if what they denote exists.
Suppose, Meinong argued, you say, ‘the golden mountain does not
exist’. Obviously, you are talking about something – the golden
mountain – when you assert that it does not exist; and since what you
say is meaningful, there must therefore in some sense be a golden
mountain. His theory is that everything that can be talked about –
named, referred to – must therefore either exist or have some kind of
‘being’ even if such being does not amount to existence, for otherwise
what we say would be meaningless.
Russell accepted this view at ﬁrst, and indeed held it in PoM; which is
why, as noted earlier, he there expressed belief in the existence or at
least being of ‘numbers, Homeric gods and chimeras’. But the
44

implausibility of this view soon came to offend his ‘vivid sense of
reality’, as he put it, for it crowded the universe not just with abstract
and mythological entities but also with impossible objects like ‘the
round square’ – and this Russell could not accept.
Russell used the techniques of logic to devise a beautiful solution. He
did not wish to give up the view that a name is meaningful only if there
is something it names, but he argued that the only ‘logically proper’
names are those which denote particular entities with which one can be
acquainted. By ‘acquaintance’ Russell meant an immediate and direct
relation between a mind and an object; examples include awareness of
sense-data in perception (see below) and knowledge of such abstract
entities as propositions. Only logically proper names can properly
occupy subject-position in sentences. The best examples are the
guaranteed a reference every time they are used. All other apparent
naming expressions are in fact not naming expressions at all; they are –
or when they are analysed they turn out to be – ‘deﬁnite descriptions’,
that is, expressions of the form ‘the so-and-so’. The importance of this
is that when sentences containing descriptions are analysed, the
descriptive phrases vanish, and therefore the meaningfulness of what
one says does not depend upon the supposed existence or being of
some entity which the descriptions appear – according to surface
grammar – to denote.
This can be seen by considering an example. Take the sentence ‘The
present king of France is bald’, said at a time when France has no king.
On the supposition that sentences are always either true or false, what is
one to say if asked: is this sentence true or false? It seems obvious to say
‘false’ – not because the present king of France has a ﬁne head of hair,
but because he does not exist. This point gave Russell his clue. He
argued that sentences with deﬁnite descriptions in grammatical
subject-place turn out upon analysis to be shorthand for a set of
sentences asserting the existence, the uniqueness, and the baldness of
45

Logic and philosophy

demonstrative pronouns this and that, for the reason that they are

something having the property of being the present king of France.
Thus ‘the present king of France is bald’ is equivalent to:
(1) there is a king of France,
(2) there is not more than one king of France,
(3) whatever is king of France is bald.
Sentence (1) is an existence claim; (2) is a uniqueness claim, that is, it
captures the implication of ‘the’ in the description that there is only one
thing being talked about; and (3) is the predication. The original
sentence ‘the present king of France is bald’ is true when all three are
true; it is false if any one of them is false. In the present case it is false
because (1) is false.
In none of (1)–(3) does the description ‘the present king of France’
Russell

appear. Because the descriptive phrase has vanished – has been
analysed away – there is no need to invoke a subsistent king of France to
make the sentence meaningful.
Owing to the imperfections of ordinary language, and the fact that the
surface forms of sentences can diverge from their underlying logical
form, the analysis thus given is not yet, says Russell, good enough. It
needs to be expressed in the ‘perfect language’ of symbolic logic. This
alone can display with complete clarity what is being asserted by ‘the
present king of France is bald’. In notation which is now standard, the
logical analysis of this sentence is:
(∃x)[Fx & (y)(Fy → y = x) & Gx]
The ‘&’ in this string of symbols stands for ‘and’, dividing the string of
symbols into three conjoined formulae, so the three sentences (1)–(3)
above are respectively:
(1) (∃x)Fx
46

This is pronounced ‘there is an x such that x is F’. Let ‘F’ be ‘has the
property of being king of France’; the formula symbolizes ‘there is
something which is king of France’. (The existential quantiﬁer (∃x) binds
every occurrence of ‘x’ in the whole string, of course, as the square
brackets show.)
(2) (y)(Fy → y = x)
This is pronounced ‘for everything y, if y is F then y and x are identical’.
This expresses the uniqueness implied by ‘the’, that is, that only one
thing has the property F.
(3) Gx

is bald’.
Objections to Russell’s theory mainly take the form of resisting his claim
that deﬁnite descriptions are never referring expressions, and
questioning his analysis of sentences containing them in grammatical
subject-place. In the latter connection, what some dispute is the claim
that deﬁnite descriptions embody both uniqueness and existence
claims.
The problem about uniqueness is exempliﬁed by someone’s saying, ‘the
baby is crying’. Russell’s analysis seems to imply that this can only be
true if there is just one baby in the world. The way out is to require that
there is an implicit understanding that the context of the remark shows
how much of the world is included in its range of application. Suppose
the parents of a baby inhabit a block of ﬂats where there are dozens of
babies, all crying, and their own begins to follow suit. If one said, ‘the
baby is crying’, there would obviously be no misunderstanding because
the context restricts reference to the one baby in which they have a
special interest. So much seems intuitive, and suggests ways of
47

Logic and philosophy

This is pronounced ‘x is G’. Let ‘G’ be ‘is bald’; the formula symbolizes ‘x

disposing of the objection by appealing to implicit or explicit
delimitations of the ‘domain of discourse’.
The problem about existence is a little more complex. In a much-cited
discussion of Russell’s theory, P. F. Strawson argues that in saying ‘the
present king of France is bald’ one is not stating that a present king of
France exists, but presupposing or assuming that it does (‘On Referring’,
Mind, 1950). This is shown by the fact that if someone uttered this
sentence, his interlocutors are not likely to say, ‘that’s false’, but
instead, ‘there’s no king of France at present’, thereby making the point
that he had not in fact made a statement, that is, he had not succeeded
in saying anything true or false. This amounts to saying that
descriptions must be referring expressions because an important part
of their contribution to the truth-values of sentences containing them is
that, unless they refer, the sentences in question do not have a truthRussell

value at all.
Strawson’s use of a notion of ‘presupposition’ to explain how, on his
opposed view, descriptions function in sentences, has prompted much
critical debate, and so has his preparedness to allow ‘truth-value gaps’,
that is, absence of truth-value in a meaningful sentence – thus
breaching the ‘principle of bivalence’ which says that every (declarative)
sentence must have one or other of the two truth-values ‘true’ and
‘false’. But the main response to his criticism of Russell is undoubtedly
to say that the fact upon which his case turns, namely, that we would
not say ‘that’s false’ when someone says ‘the present king of France is
bald’, does not mean that the description cannot be treated as making
an existential claim. It might be true that we would respond by denying
that there is a king of France; after all, merely to say ‘that’s false’ might
be misleading, because it could imply something quite different,
namely, that there is a hairy king of France. But if we reply ‘there is no
king of France at present’ we have in effect acknowledged that use of
the description makes an existential claim – for that is exactly what the
denial addresses.
48

Another objection is that Russell did not see that there are two different
uses that can be made of descriptions. Consider the following two
cases. First, you see a painting you like, and you say, ‘the artist who
painted this is a genius’. You do not know who the artist is, but you
attribute genius to him. Secondly, the painting is ‘Madonna of the
Rocks’, and you know that Leonardo painted it. In admiration you
murmur the same sentence. In the ﬁrst case the description is used
‘attributively’, in the second ‘referentially’. According to Keith
Donnellan, who advanced this criticism, Russell’s account concerns only
attributive uses. This matters because there are cases where a
description can be used successfully to refer to someone even if it does
not apply to him – ‘the man drinking champagne over there is bald’ can
be used to say something true even if the bald man’s glass contains only
ﬁzzy water.

makes the sentence ‘the man drinking champagne is bald’ literally false,
because although he is indeed bald, he is drinking water. At the
pragmatic level reference has been successfully made, and a truth
conveyed, because this kind of use gets the job done. But Russell might
argue that since his analysis is aimed at a certain type of expression
standardly taken to be speciﬁcally referential, what he says holds good:
questions of use are a further matter.
This response does, however, raise questions about the relation of use
and meaning. If use is a large part of meaning, facts about it have to be
taken centrally into account in explaining how expressions function. The
question of how much weight is to be placed on use is controversial; one
view claims that it comes close to exhausting meaning, others reject
this claim. Russell’s theory demands that we think of the semantics of
expressions and their uses as at least separable questions.
For this and other reasons mainly related to the philosophically crucial
49

Logic and philosophy

A response would be to distinguish between semantic and pragmatic
levels of analysis. At the semantic level Russell’s account applies, and it

question of reference – of how language hooks onto the world –
Russell’s theory of descriptions plays an important role in debates in the
philosophy of language. For present purposes it is signiﬁcant as an
example of the analytic technique he applied in his attempts to solve
problems in the theory of knowledge and metaphysics, as we shall
now see.

Perception and knowledge
One of the central questions of philosophy is: what is knowledge and
how do we get it? John Locke and his successors in the empiricist
tradition argued that the foundation of contingent knowledge about
the world lies in sensory experience – the use of the ﬁve senses, aided
when necessary by instruments such as telescopes and the like. With
this Russell agrees. But empiricism faces challenge from sceptical
Russell

arguments aimed at showing that our claims to knowledge might often –
perhaps always – be unjustiﬁed. There are various reasons for this. We
sometimes commit errors in perceiving or reasoning, we sometimes
dream without knowing that we are dreaming, we are sometimes
deluded because of the effects of fever or alcohol. How, on any occasion
of claiming to know something, can we be sure that the claim is not
undermined in any of these ways?
In The Problems of Philosophy (PP) in 1912 Russell made his ﬁrst
systematic attempt to address these questions. ‘Is there any
knowledge’, he asks, ‘which is so certain that no reasonable man could
doubt it?’ He answers in the afﬁrmative; but the certainty, as it turns
out, is far from the absolute certainty of proof.
On the basis of straightforward observations about perceptual
experience – the fact that, say, a table appears to have different colours,
shapes, and textures depending upon variations either in the perceiver
or in the conditions under which it is perceived – we can see that there is
a distinction to be drawn between the appearances of things and what
50

they are like in themselves. How can we be sure that appearance
faithfully represents the reality we suppose to lie beyond it? The
question might even arise, as the sceptical points about dreams and
delusions suggest, whether we can be conﬁdent that there are indeed
real things ‘behind’ our sense experiences at all.
To deal with these questions Russell introduces the term ‘sense-data’ to
designate the things immediately known in sensation: particular
instances in perceptual awareness of colours, sounds, tastes, smells,
and textures, each class of data corresponding to one of the ﬁve senses.
Sense-data are to be distinguished from acts of sensing them: they are
what we are immediately aware of in acts of sensing. But they must
also, as the considerations of the preceding paragraph show, be
distinguished from the things in the world outside us with which we
relation of sense-data to physical objects?
Russell’s response to the sceptic who questions our right to claim
knowledge of what lies beyond the veil of sense-data, or even to think
that physical objects exist at all, is to say that although sceptical
arguments are strictly speaking irrefutable, there is nevertheless ‘not
the slightest reason’ to suppose them true (PP 17). His strategy is to
collect persuasive considerations in support of this view. First, we can
take it that our immediate sense-datum experiences have a ‘primitive
certainty’. We recognize that when we experience sense-data which we
naturally regard as associated with, say, a table, we have not said
everything there is to be said about the table. We think, for example,
that the table continues to exist when we are out of the room. We can
buy the table, put a cloth over it, move it about. We require that
different perceivers should be able to perceive the same table. All this
suggests that a table is something over and above the sense-data that
appear to us. But if there were no table out there in the world we
should have to formulate a complicated hypothesis about there being
as many different seeming-tables as there are perceivers, and explain
51

Logic and philosophy

suppose them associated. The crucial question therefore is: what is the

why nevertheless we all talk as if we are perceiving the same
object.
But note that on the sceptical view, as Russell points out, we ought not
even to think that there are other perceivers either: after all, if we
cannot refute scepticism about objects, how are we to refute scepticism
about other minds?
Russell cuts through this difﬁculty by accepting a version of what is
called ‘the argument to the best explanation’. It is surely far simpler and
more powerful, he argues, to adopt the hypothesis that, ﬁrst, there
really are physical objects existing independently of our sensory
experience, and, secondly, that they cause our perceptions and
therefore ‘correspond’ to them in a reliable way. Following Hume,

Russell

Russell regards belief in this hypothesis as ‘instinctive’.
To this, he argues, we can add another kind of knowledge, namely, a
priori knowledge of the truths of logic and pure mathematics (and
even perhaps the fundamental propositions of ethics). Such
knowledge is quite independent of experience, and depends wholly
upon the self-evidence of the truths known, such as ‘1 + 1 = 2’ and
‘A = A’. When perceptual knowledge and a priori knowledge are
conjoined they enable us to acquire general knowledge of the world
beyond our immediate experience, because the ﬁrst kind of
knowledge gives us empirical data and the second permits us to draw
inferences from it.
These two kinds of knowledge can each be farther divided into
subkinds, described by Russell as immediate and derivative knowledge
respectively. He gives the name ‘acquaintance’ to immediate
knowledge of things. The objects of acquaintance are themselves of
two sorts: particulars, that is, individual sense-data and – perhaps –
ourselves; and universals. Universals are of various kinds. They include
sensible qualities such as redness and smoothness, spatial and temporal
52

relations such as ‘to the left of’ and ‘before’, and certain logical
abstractions.
Derivative knowledge of things Russell calls ‘knowledge by description’,
which is general knowledge of facts made possible by combination of
and inference from what we are acquainted with. One’s knowledge that
Everest is the world’s highest mountain is an example of descriptive
knowledge.
Immediate knowledge of truths Russell calls ‘intuitive knowledge’, and
he describes the truths so known as self-evident. These are propositions
which are just ‘luminously evident, and not capable of being deduced
from anything more evident’. For example, we just see that ‘1 + 1 = 2’ is
true. Among the items of intuitive knowledge are reports of immediate
(barring trivial slips of the tongue) be wrong.
Derivative knowledge of truths consists of whatever can be inferred
from self-evident truths by self-evident principles of deduction.
Despite the appearance of rigour introduced by our possession of a
priori knowledge, says Russell, we have to accept that our ordinary
general knowledge is only as good as its foundation in the ‘best
explanation’ justiﬁcation and the instincts which render it plausible.
Ordinary knowledge amounts at best, therefore, to ‘more or less
probable opinion’. But when we note that our probable opinions form a
coherent and mutually supportive system – the more coherent and
stable the system, the greater the probability of the opinions forming
it – we see why we are entitled to repose conﬁdence in them.
An important feature of Russell’s theory concerns space, and
particularly the distinction between the all-embracing public space
assumed by science, and the private spaces in which the sense-data of
individual perceivers exist. Private space is built out of the various visual,
53

Logic and philosophy

experience; if I simply state what sense-data I am now aware of, I cannot

tactual, and other experiences which a perceiver coordinates into a
matrix with himself at the centre. But because we do not have
acquaintance with the public space of science, its existence and nature
is wholly a matter of inference.
Thus Russell’s ﬁrst version of a theory of knowledge and perception, as
set out in PP. It has a brisk common-sense feel about it on ﬁrst
encounter, but it is far from unproblematic. For example, Russell speaks
of ‘primitive’ knowledge and describes it as intuitive; but he does not
offer an account of what such knowledge is, beyond saying that it does
not require the support of anything more self-evident than itself. But
this deﬁnition is hardly adequate, and it is obscured further when he
adds that there are two kinds of self-evidence, only one of which is
basic. Does this distinction make sense? What is ‘self-evidence’ anyway?
Nor does he consider the possibility that two propositions might
Russell

contradict each other despite appearing self-evident when considered
separately. If this were to happen, which is one to choose, and on what
additional principles of self-evidence?
Another criticism levelled at Russell’s view is that it makes an important
but questionable assumption about the basic nature of senseexperience. This is that sense-data, qua sensory minima such as
particular colours, smells, or sounds, are simply given in experience, and
are its most primitive elements. But in fact sensory experience is not
‘thin’ and immediate in this way at all. Rather, it is a rich and complex
experience of houses, trees, people, cats, and clouds – it is
phenomenologically ‘thick’, and sense-data are only arrived at by a
sophisticated process of emptying ordinary perceptual experience of
everything it normally means to us. Thus we do not see a rectangle and
infer that it is a table; we see a table, and when we come to concentrate
upon its shape we see that it is a rectangle.
This criticism is undoubtedly right as far as it goes, but there are ways in
which it can be accommodated while still allowing us to describe the
54

purely sensory aspect of experience independently of the usual load of
beliefs and theories it carries. Since the whole point is that we are trying
to justify possession of those beliefs by showing that perceptual
experience entitles us to them, we obviously need an account of our
perceptual experience considered purely as such, so that we can
evaluate its adequacy to the task. Russell’s aim in talking of sense-data
is to do just that. Moreover Russell recognized that sense-data are not
the immediately perceptually given; in writings during the decade after
PP he points out repeatedly that speciﬁcations of sense-data come last
in analysis, not ﬁrst in experience.
Another criticism is that Russell assumes that immediate experience is
expressible in propositions which, despite the fact that they describe
only what is subjectively ‘given’, can be used as a basis for knowledge of
and carries no reference to what is beyond that experience, be the basis
for a theory of knowledge? It does not help to say that Russell also
allows a priori knowledge of logical principles which permit inferences
from these propositions, for there would be no motivation to draw
them unless, in addition, the subject possessed some general empirical
beliefs to serve as the major premisses in such inferences, and some
empirical hypotheses which the inferences in effect test or support. But
these are not available to an experiencer possessed only, as Russell
presents him, with sense-data and the self-evident truths of logic.
This problem carried weight with Russell himself, and much later (in
Human Knowledge) he dealt with it by accepting a version of something
he otherwise deprecated in the philosophy of Kant, namely, that there
have to be some things (other than truths of logic) known to us a priori
if knowledge is to be possible at all. This highly important point is
discussed in the appropriate place below.
Another problem advanced by critics is that the considerations Russell
relies upon to show that there is an appearance-reality distinction do
55

Logic and philosophy

the world. But how can what seems to apply only to private experience,

not, as he states them, persuade. The fact that an object looks one
colour or shape to one perceiver but another colour or shape to another
perceiver, or different colours or shapes to the same perceiver under
different conditions – for example, depending upon whether he sees it
in daylight or darkness, or from one viewpoint or another – tells us that
the question of how objects appear to perception is a complicated
matter, but it does not by itself tell us that we are perceiving something
other than the object in question.
This criticism is valid as it stands, but it happens that there are other
perfectly adequate ways of drawing an appearance-reality distinction,
as more recent work in the philosophy of perception shows; so Russell’s
arguments here can be regarded – as he regarded them himself – as
heuristic, that is, as merely illustrating the point in order to get

Russell

discussion started.
But this criticism suggests a further and more important one. It is
that Russell, like all his predecessors since Descartes and like some of
his successors such as H. H. Price and A. J. Ayer, accepted a crucially
signiﬁcant assumption from Descartes. This is that the right startingpoint for an enquiry into knowledge is individual experience. The
individual is to begin with the private data of consciousness, and ﬁnd
reasons among them to support his inferences to – or, more generally,
beliefs about – a world outside his head. One of the major shifts in
twentieth-century philosophy has been the rejection of this Cartesian
assumption. Among the serious difﬁculties with this assumption is
that scepticism becomes impossible either to ignore or refute if we
accept it. Another is that on such a thin basis we are simply not
entitled to think of the solipsistic would-be knower, alone inside his
mind, as capable of naming and thinking about his sensations and
experiences, still less as being able to reason from them to an external
world. Both thoughts push us ﬁrmly towards the thought that the
proper place to begin epistemology is, somehow, in the public
domain.
56

The external world and other minds
Russell himself was not content with the way he had set out matters in
PP, which after all was intended as a popular book and did not offer a
rigorous exposition of its theses. Over the next four decades he
returned to the problem of knowledge and perception repeatedly. In
the years between publication of PP and the outbreak of the First World
War he devoted himself seriously to them, drafting his big Theory of
Knowledge manuscript, part of which he published and part of which he
abandoned, and writing a major series of lectures which appeared in
1914 as Our Knowledge of the External World (OKEW). In this work he gives
more detailed thought to aspects of the theory in PP, with signiﬁcant
results.

sense-data that appear to him alone, and his intuitive knowledge of the
laws of logic – is too slender a starting-point. He was not rejecting the
Cartesian assumption just discussed; rather, now somewhat more
sensitive to the difﬁculties it poses, he was trying to limit them. He
accordingly places greater weight on the subject’s possessing facts of
memory, and a grasp of spatial and temporal relations holding among
the elements of a current experience. The subject is also empowered to
compare data, for example as to differences of colour and shape.
Ordinary common beliefs, and belief in the existence of other minds, are
still excluded.
With this enriched basis of what he now calls ‘hard data’, Russell
formulates the question to be answered thus; ‘can the existence of
anything other than our own hard data be inferred?’ His approach is ﬁrst
to show how we can construct, as a hypothesis, a notion of space into
which the facts of experience – both the subject’s own and those he
learns by the testimony of others – can be placed. Then, to see whether
we have reason for believing that this spatial world is real, Russell gives
57

Logic and philosophy

One difference between the theories of PP and OKEW is that Russell had
come to see that the experiencing subject’s basis for knowledge – the

an argument for believing that other minds exist, because if one is
indeed entitled to believe this, then one can rely on the testimony of
others, which, jointly with one’s own experience, will give powerful
support to the view that there is a spatial – that is, a real – world.
This strategy is ingenious. In the paper ‘The Relation of Sense-Data to
Physics’, written in early 1914, Russell adds to it an equally ingenious way
of thinking about the relation of sense-experience to things. In PP he
had said that we infer the existence of physical things from our sensedata; now he describes them as functions of sense-data, or as he
sometimes puts it, ‘constructions’ out of sense-data. This employs the
technique of logic in which one thing can be shown to be analysable
into things of another kind. Russell describes as the ‘supreme maxim of
scientiﬁc philosophising’ the principle that ‘wherever possible, logical
constructions are to be substituted for inferred entities’. In accordance
Russell

with this principle, physical objects are accordingly to be analysed as
constructions out of sense-data; yet not out of actual or occurrent
sense-data only, but out of ‘sensibilia’ also, by which is meant
‘appearances or, in Russell’s phrase, ‘how things appear’, irrespective of
whether they constitute sense-data which are currently part of any
perceiver’s experience. This is intended to explain what it is for an object
to exist when not being perceived.
An important aspect of this view is, Russell now holds, that sense-data
and sensibilia are not private mental entities, but part of the actual
subject-matter of physics. They are indeed ‘the ultimate constituents of
the physical world’, because it is in terms of them that veriﬁcation of
common sense and physics ultimately depends. This is important
because we usually think that sense-data are functions of physical
objects, that is, exist and have their nature because physical objects
cause them; but veriﬁcation is only possible if matters are the other way
round, with physical objects as functions of sense-data. This theory
‘constructs’ physical objects out of sensibilia; the existence of these
latter therefore veriﬁes the existence of the former.
58

Instead of developing this distinctive theory further, Russell abandoned
it; in later work, particularly in The Analysis of Matter (AMt) in 1927 and
Human Knowledge (HK) in 1948, he reverted to treating physical objects,
and the space they occupy, as inferred from sense-experience. A
number of considerations made him do this. One was his acceptance,
driven by the sciences of physics and human physiology, of the standard
view they offer that perception is caused by the action of the physical
environment on our sense organs. ‘Whoever accepts the causal theory
of perception’, he writes, ‘is compelled to conclude that percepts are in
our heads, for they come at the end of a causal chain of physical events
leading, spatially, from the object to the brain of the percipient’ (AMt 32).
He also, in The Analysis of Mind (AMd) in 1921 gave up talk of ‘sensedata’, and ceased to distinguish between the act of sensing and what is
sensed. His reason for this relates to his theory of the mind, sketched

Another major reason for Russell’s abandonment of the theory was the
sheer complexity and, as he came to see it, implausibility of the views
he tried to formulate about private and public spaces, the relations
between them, and the way sensibilia are supposed to occupy them. He
makes a passing mention of this cluster of problems in MPD. And he
there reports that his main reason for abandoning ‘the attempt to
construct “matter” out of experienced data alone’ is that it ‘is an
impossible programme . . . physical objects cannot be interpreted as
structures composed of elements actually experienced’ (MPD 79). Now,
this last remark is not strictly consistent with Russell’s stated view in the
original texts that sensibilia do not have to be actually sensed; MPD
gives a much more phenomenalistic gloss to the theory than its original
statement does. But it touches upon a serious problem with the theory:
which is that it seems simply incoherent to speak of an ‘unsensed sensedatum’ that does not even require – as its very name seems per contra to
demand – an essential connection with perception.
Giving up the project embodied in the Theory of Knowledge manuscript
59

Logic and philosophy

later.

and OKEW was doubtless a blow to Russell, because when, after
ﬁnishing PM, he turned his attention to questions of knowledge and
perception, he saw the task of solving problems about the relation
between these matters and physics as his next major contribution. It
was an ambition he had nourished since the late 1890s.
There are other important questions in epistemology to which, in these
endeavours, Russell gave only passing attention. They concern the kind
of reasoning traditionally supposed to be the mainstay of science,
namely, non-demonstrative inference. It was some years before Russell
returned to consider these questions: the main discussion he gives is to
be found in HK, written after the Second World War. In the meantime he
turned his attention to certain questions of method and metaphysics
which, during the course of his work on perception, had come to seem

Russell

to him important. These questions are the subject of the next chapter.

60

Chapter 3
Philosophy, mind,
and science

Method and metaphysics
Russell gave the name ‘logical atomism’ to the views he developed from
OKEW onwards. Logical atomism is principally a method, and Russell
hoped that it would resolve questions about the nature of perception
and its relation to physics. It is important to note that Russell’s
philosophical work in the four decades after Principia Mathematica is
chieﬂy devoted to the particular question of the relation of perception
to physics, and is in effect thus an attempt to provide a (qualiﬁed)
empirical basis for science, considered as the theory of the world which
has the best chance of being true or at least on the way to truth. Logical
atomism also thereby gave Russell his metaphysics – that is, his account
of the nature of reality – which turns out not to be, at least in a
straightforward way, the current physics of matter, but a representation
of it as a logical structure. Russell’s accounts of his metaphysical views
almost invariably take the form of a sketch occupying the concluding
parts of his various discussions of logical analysis; most of his attention
is devoted to describing the analytical strategy itself.

The philosophy of logical atomism
Russell describes logical atomism in a number of places, the most
important being the chapter in OKEW entitled ‘Logic as the Essence of
61

Philosophy’, and the series of lectures delivered in 1918 under the
heading ‘The Philosophy of Logical Atomism’ (reprinted in Marsh, Logic
and Knowledge). There is a summary of logical atomism’s methods and
aims in the essay ‘Logical Atomism’ (1924) also reprinted in Marsh.
A key to the method of logical atomism lies in Russell’s claim that ‘logic
is the essence of philosophy’, where ‘logic’ means mathematical logic.
Its importance is that it provides the means of effecting powerful and
philosophically revealing analyses of structures; in particular, the related
structures of propositions and facts.
It has already been seen how the analysis of propositions shows that it is
a mistake to treat them all as subject-predicate in form, and that in this
and related ways surface grammar misleads, as when we take
descriptions and ordinary names to be denoting expressions. There is
Russell

likewise a structure-revealing analysis to be given of the world we talk
about when we assert these propositions, and of the propositions
themselves.
In ‘Logic as the Essence of Philosophy’ Russell sketches these two
related structures by starting with the former. The world, he
says, consists of many things with many qualities and relations. An
inventory of the world would require not just a list of things, but of
things with these qualities and relations – in other words, it would be an
inventory of facts. Things, qualities, and relations are the constituents of
facts, and facts can in turn be analysed into them. Facts are expressed
by what Russell calls ‘propositions’, deﬁned as ‘forms of words asserted
as true or false’. Propositions which express basic facts – that is, which
simply assert that a thing has a certain quality or stands to some other
thing in a certain relation – he calls ‘atomic propositions’. When
these are combined by means of logical words such as ‘and’, ‘or’, and
‘if – then’, the result is complex or ‘molecular’ propositions. Such
propositions are exceedingly important because all possibility of
inference depends upon them.
62

Finally there are ‘general propositions’ such as ‘all men are mortal’ (and
their denials, formed with the word ‘some’ as in ‘some men are not
mortal’). The facts they express depend to some degree upon a priori
knowledge. This crucial point emerges as a result of reﬂection upon the
analysis of propositions and facts. Theoretically, if we knew all the
atomic facts, and that they are all the atomic facts, we could infer all
other truths from them. But general propositions cannot be known by
inference from atomic facts alone. Consider ‘all men are mortal’: if we
knew each individual man and his mortality, we still could not infer that
all men are mortal until we knew that these were all the men there are;
and this is a general proposition. Russell was keen to stress the
importance of this point. Because general truths cannot be inferred
from particular truths alone, and because all empirical evidence is of
knowledge if there is knowledge at all. Russell took this to refute the
older empiricists, for whom all knowledge rests solely on sense
experience.
The question immediately arises as to where such general knowledge is
found. Russell’s answer remains what it had been in PP: such knowledge
is found in logic, which provides us with completely general self-evident
propositions. Consider the proposition, ‘all men are mortal, Socrates is a
man, therefore Socrates is mortal’. It contains empirical terms
(‘Socrates’, ‘man’, ‘mortal’) and is therefore not a proposition of pure
logic. But the proposition of pure logic which represents its form, ‘if
anything has a certain property, and whatever has this property has a
certain other property, then this thing has this other property’ (clearer
still: ‘all Fs are Gs, x is F, therefore x is G’) is both completely general and
self-evident. Just such propositions take us beyond the limits of
empirical particularity.
In ‘The Philosophy of Logical Atomism’ the details of this analytical
programme are spelled out in greater detail. The ‘logical’ in the label
signals that the atoms are arrived at as the ‘last residue of analysis’
63

Philosophy, mind, and science

particular truths, it follows that there must be some general a priori

where the analysis is logical rather than physical (PLA 178). They are
particulars such as ‘little patches of colour or sounds, momentary
things – and . . . predicates or relations’. The aim is to pass from
ordinary beliefs about the world to an accurate grasp of how experience
underwrites science; that is, to pass from ‘those obvious, vague,
ambiguous things, that we feel quite sure of, to something precise,
clear, deﬁnite, which by reﬂection and analysis we ﬁnd is involved in the
vague thing we start from, and is, so to speak, the real truth of which
that vague thing is a sort of shadow’ (ibid.). The method is analysis of
complex symbols – propositions – into the simple symbols from which
they are combined; the terminus of such analysis is ‘direct acquaintance
with the objects which are the meanings of [the] simple symbols’ where
‘meaning’ means ‘denotation’ (PLA 194). In a ‘logically perfect
language’ such as Principia Mathematica is intended to provide, the
components of a proposition – the simple symbols – correspond one-toRussell

one with the components of a fact, except for the logical expressions
‘or’, ‘and’, and the like. Each simple object is denoted by its own
different simple symbol. Such a language, says Russell, shows ‘at a
glance the logical structure of the facts asserted or denied’ (PLA 198).
On this basis Russell offers an ‘excursus into metaphysics’. Logical
atomism is the view that in theory, if not in practice, analysis takes us
down to the ultimate simples out of which the world is built. Simples
are deﬁned as whatever is non-complex – that is, not further analysable –
and each is an independent self-subsisting thing. They are, moreover,
very short-lived, so the complexes built out of them are ‘logical
ﬁctions’, put together to serve our epistemic and practical purposes.
Simples come in inﬁnitely many kinds. There are various orders of
particulars, qualities, and relations, but their common feature is that
they have a reality not shared by anything else. The only other objects in
the world are facts, which are the things that get asserted or denied by
propositions. Facts do not have the same reality as their constituents,
and knowledge of them is quite different from knowledge of simples;
64

the former is knowledge by description, the latter knowledge by
acquaintance.
Russell’s method of analysis involves Ockham’s razor, the principle that
we should work with the most economical theory possible about what
exists. It can be described as posing an insistent question, ‘What is the
smallest number of simple undeﬁned things at the start, and the
smallest number of undemonstrated premisses, out of which you can
deﬁne the things that need to be deﬁned and prove the things that need
to be proved?’ (PLA 271). When Ockham’s razor is applied, the account
to be given of an ordinary physical object, such as a desk, is as follows.
We think of the desk as an enduring object which exists when
unperceived. As a sceptic might point out, this belief is based on
nothing about whether the desk continues to exist between times. Yet
we say that all these different appearances of the desk are appearances
of the same desk. What makes us say this? Russell’s answer is that the
series of appearances is simply deﬁned by us into a single persisting
object. ‘In that way the desk is reduced to being a logical ﬁction,
because a series is a logical ﬁction. In that way all the ordinary objects of
daily life are extruded from the world of what there is, and in their place
as what there is you ﬁnd a number of passing particulars of the kind that
one is immediately conscious of in sense,’ namely, sense-data (PLA 273).
So the things we call real things ‘are systems, series of classes of
particulars, and the particulars are the real things, the particulars being
sense-data when they happen to be given to you’ (PLA 274).
This way with matters suggested to Russell an analysis of physics –
physical atoms are construed as logical ﬁctions too – and it began to
incline him towards a view of mind called ‘neutral monism’. He did not
work out either view fully at this stage; but later, and on the basis of
some important changes in his outlook, he gave them express
attention. He did so in The Analysis of Matter (1927) and The Analysis of
Mind (1921) respectively. I defer more particular discussion of them.
65

Philosophy, mind, and science

intermittent perceptions of the desk, which by themselves tell us

Some problems in logical atomism
It is difﬁcult to ﬁnd logical atomism satisfactory. For one thing, Russell’s
presentation of it is sketchy, and yet it is aimed at solving many different
problems at once. It is an empiricist theory of meaning, which means
that it has to offer component theories of knowledge, perception, and
mind, with, at their centre, an empiricist account of how words work,
and of how they are learned and understood. This latter task is
complicated for Russell by his view that the surface forms of ordinary
language are misleading and therefore, if not correctly analysed, will
lead to bad philosophy:
I think the importance of philosophical grammar is very much greater
than it is generally thought to be. I think that practically all traditional
metaphysics is ﬁlled with mistakes due to bad grammar, and that almost
Russell

all the traditional problems of metaphysics and traditional results –
supposed results – of metaphysics are due to a failure to make the kind of
distinctions in what we may call philosophical grammar.
(PLA 269)

So the analysis proceeds by assuming that there is an underlying
structure of language, importantly different from its surface structure,
which alone corresponds to the structure of the world revealed by its
analysis. One large problem this therefore raises is whether the logic of
Principia Mathematica is uniquely the correct way to represent the
underlying logical form of natural language.
Russell’s theory unites a purely logical account of structure to a sensedata empiricism, by making sense-data the simples constituting the
world’s structure. But it is necessary for him to include among simples
not just things but their qualities and relations – that is, universals –and
this immediately introduces another difﬁculty, for it is not clear that
universals are simple in the way particulars are supposed to be. The
marks of simplicity are unanalysability and independence. Do universals
66

have these marks, even in Russell’s best example of colour-patches of a
speciﬁc shade? No; for colour-patches are not independent of one
another, and the expressions denoting them are capable of introducing
incompatibilities between propositions.
Russell believed that such problems could be overcome by a completely
thorough analysis of ordinary factual discourse. But he was never able
to carry out such an analysis, and had to regard it as something for
future scientiﬁc philosophy to achieve – or to deal with differently, if it
could discover a way. This led him to make some interesting
admissions:
When I speak of simples, I ought to explain that I am speaking of

limit of analysis. It is quite possible that, by greater logical skill, the need
for assuming them could be avoided. A logical language will not lead to
error if its simple symbols (i.e. those not having any parts that are
symbols, or any signiﬁcant structure) all stand for objects of some one
type, even if these objects are not simple. The only drawback to such a
language is that it is incapable of dealing with anything simpler than the
objects which it represents by simple symbols. But I confess it seems
obvious to me (as it did to Leibniz) that what is complex must be
composed of simples, though the number of constituents may be
inﬁnite.
(Logic and Knowledge, 337)

In this passage Russell effectively concedes the problem of attaching his
empiricism to his atomism – if sense-data are simples, and yet simples
are inferred not experienced, then the theory is incoherent – and breaks
the connection, elsewhere insisted upon, between simple symbols and
simple entities: for here he is saying that simple symbols can stand for
complex entities; the only requirement is that they should be of one
type. Moreover, if simples are inﬁnite in number the prospects even for
a logically perfect language are exceedingly dim, because it would have
67

Philosophy, mind, and science

something not experienced as such, but known only inferentially as the

to contain an inﬁnity of names, and analysis itself, as a potentially
inﬁnite procedure, would never be fully achievable.
Some commentators suggest that logical atomism would fare better if
it were detached from empiricism and treated as a purely formal theory,
as Wittgenstein treated it in the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus. So
considered, its essence is that expressions (other than those of logic,
such as ‘and’) are of two kinds, those that denote existing (simple)
things and those that are analysable into such expressions. When we
leave aside the empiricism which says that the simple things are sensedata and therefore objects of acquaintance, we thereby leave aside any
account of how people can learn and understand language, and this is a
serious defect; it certainly mattered to Russell that such an account
should be available, and it marks one of the chief differences between
his and Wittgenstein’s versions of atomism. But since, as noted, trying
Russell

to graft empiricism to atomism creates such difﬁculties, this defect
might have to be accepted – although it would be entirely natural to
argue that the incompatibility of atomism with these considerations
(treated as constraints on any adequate account of language) might
instead be taken as a reason for abandoning atomism itself.
But trying to detach empiricism from atomism makes difﬁculties for,
among other things, Russell’s theory of names. According to this
theory, logically proper names are very like the demonstratives ‘this’
and ‘that’; they are empty of descriptive content, and their meanings
are the particulars they denote. These meanings can therefore only be
learned in episodes of acquaintance with the particulars they denote;
but detaching empirical considerations means that this part of the
theory is not now available. This creates a problem; for one of the main
applications of this view lies in analysis of ordinary language expressions
which appear to denote temporally persisting things – desks and the
like. The pure form of the theory requires that, for each logically proper
name, something exists for it to denote. On the empiricist theory such
denotata are momentary sense-data, and therefore in addition to
68

knowing what names denote, we know that they share an aspect of
their denotata; they are temporary also. But on the pure theory it is not
clear how to characterize names, because we do not know what the
unknown – purely formal – ultimate existents are. Denying ourselves a
theory about this means further that we have no view of how the
naming relation works; there is, for example, no baptismal occasion as
when, on the empiricist theory, someone christens a given sense-datum
‘that’ or something equally suitable. And this also means that we have
nothing to say about why this name names that particular, and whether
it could have named another; which anyway might seem a small
problem once we have allowed ourselves to think of there being names
without namers, language-learners, or perceivers.

these objections are not by themselves fatal to those aspects of logical
atomism which offer an account of meaning; there are other ways of
developing them, along with their connections to languageunderstanding. But a full evaluation should anyway take account of
Russell’s own reasons for modifying some and abandoning other –
rather central – features of logical atomism in his later thinking about
mind and matter. To a sketch of these points I now turn.

Mind and matter
In the course of setting out his logical atomist views in 1918 Russell said
that he was tempted but still unconvinced by William James’s ‘neutral
monism’, a theory offered to solve long-standing problems about the
differences and connections between mind and matter. Summarily
stated, James’s theory is that the world ultimately consists neither of
mental stuff, as idealists hold, nor material stuff, as materialists hold,
but of a ‘neutral stuff’ from which the appearance of both mind and
matter is formed. By Russell’s own account, he was converted to this
theory soon after ﬁnishing the lectures on logical atomism. He had
69

Philosophy, mind, and science

This cluster of considerations suggests that the gain to be had from
detaching atomism and empiricism is severely limited. It happens that

written about James’s views in 1914, and rejected them; in the 1918
lectures he was more sympathetic, but still undecided; but ﬁnally in a
paper entitled ‘On Propositions’ (1919) he embraced the theory, and
used it as a basis in 1921 for his book The Analysis of Mind (AMd). Russell
reﬁned the theory somewhat thereafter, but I shall draw mainly on AMd
for this sketch.
Popular philosophy has it that mind and matter are very different, and
that the difference lies in the fact that minds are conscious whereas
material things, such as stones, are not. The question Russell therefore
asks is: Is consciousness the essence of the mental? To answer this, one
needs ﬁrst to have some idea of the nature of consciousness. Reﬂection
on standard examples of conscious phenomena – perceiving,
remembering, thinking, believing – suggests that the principal feature
of consciousness is that to be conscious in any of these ways is to be
Russell

conscious of something. Philosophers give the name ‘intentionality’ to
this characteristic, which might also be labelled ‘aboutness’ or
‘directedness’. Thus the notion of consciousness is an essentially
relational one; an act of mind – an act of perceiving, or believing, or
some such – is related to an object – the object perceived, the
proposition believed. Indeed on some versions of the theory, for
example Meinong’s, there are three elements in play: the act, the
content, and the object. For example: suppose one thinks of St Paul’s
Cathedral in London. There is one’s act of thinking; there is the
character of the thought that makes it about St Paul’s and not about
some other cathedral – this is the content; and then there is the object,
namely St Paul’s itself.
Russell rejects such views. First, he says, there is no such thing as the
‘act’. The occurrence of the content of a thought is the occurrence of
the thought, and there is neither empirical evidence nor theoretical
need for an ‘act’ in addition. Russell’s diagnosis of why anyone might
think otherwise is that we say, ‘I think so-and-so’, which suggests that
thinking is an act performed by a subject. But he rejects this, for reasons
70

very similar to those advanced by Hume, who held that the notion of
the self is a ﬁction, and that we are empirically licensed to say no more
than that there are bundles of thoughts which for convenience we
parcel as ‘me’ and ‘you’.
Secondly, Russell criticizes the relation of content and object. Meinong
and others had taken it that the relation is one of direct reference, but in
Russell’s view it is more complicated and derivative, consisting largely of
beliefs about a variety of more and less indirect connections among
contents, between contents and objects, and among objects. Add to
this the fact that, in imagination and non-standard experiences like
hallucination, one can have thoughts without objects, and one sees that
the content–object relation involves many difﬁculties – not least, Russell
content is more signiﬁcant than objects, and realists who think objects
are more signiﬁcant than content. (Russell’s use of these labels,
although standard, is misleading: we should for accuracy substitute the
label ‘anti-realist’ for ‘idealist’ here; this is because whereas, at bottom,
realism and anti-realism are indeed differing theses about the relation
of contents to objects, and thus are epistemological theses, idealism is a
metaphysical thesis about the nature of the world, namely, that it is
ultimately mental in character. This point is frequently missed in
philosophical debate, so Russell is in good company.) All these
difﬁculties can be avoided, Russell claims, if we adopt a version of
William James’s ‘neutral monist’ theory.

Neutral monism
James argued that the single kind of metaphysically ultimate raw
material is arranged in different patterns by its interrelations, some of
which we call ‘mental’ and some ‘physical’. James said his view was
prompted by dissatisfaction with theories of consciousness, which is
merely the wispy inheritor of old-fashioned talk about ‘souls’. He
agreed that thoughts exist; what he denied is that they are entities.
71

Philosophy, mind, and science

says, in giving rise to the dispute between idealists who think that

They are, instead, functions: there is ‘no aboriginal stuff or quality of
being, contrasted with that of which material objects are made, out of
which our thoughts of them are made; but there is a function in
experience which thoughts perform, and for the performance of which
this quality of being is invoked. That function is knowing’ (James, Essays
in Radical Empiricism, 3–4).
In James’s view the single kind of ‘primal stuff’, as he called it, is ‘pure
experience’. Knowing is a relation into which different portions of
primal stuff can enter; the relation itself is as much part of pure
experience as its relata.
Russell could not accept quite all of this view. He thought that James’s
use of the phrase ‘pure experience’ showed a lingering inﬂuence of
idealism, and rejected it; he preferred the use made by others of the
Russell

term ‘neutral stuff’, a nomenclatural move of importance because
whatever the primal stuff is, it has to be able – when differently
arranged – to give rise to what could not appropriately be called
‘experience’, for example stars and stones. But even with this modiﬁed
view Russell only partially agreed. It is right to reject the idea of
consciousness as an entity, he said, and it is partly but not wholly right
to consider both mind and matter as composed of neutral stuff which in
isolation is neither; especially in regard to sensations – an important
point for Russell, with his overriding objective of marrying physics and
perception. But he insisted that certain things belong only to the mental
world (images and feelings) and others only to the physical world
(everything which cannot be described as experience). What
distinguishes them is the kind of causality that governs them; there are
two different kinds of causal law, one applicable only to psychological
phenomena, the other only to physical phenomena. Hume’s law of
association exempliﬁes the ﬁrst kind, the law of gravity the second.
Sensation obeys both kinds, and is therefore truly neutral.
Adopting this version of neutral monism obliged Russell to abandon
72

some of his earlier views. One important change was that he gave up
the notion of ‘sense-data’. He did this because sense-data are objects of
mental acts, whose existence he had now rejected; therefore, since
there can be no question of a relation between non-existent acts and
supposed objects of those acts, there can be no such objects either. And
because there is no distinction between sensation and sense-datum –
that is, because we now understand that the sensation we have in
seeing, for example, a colour-patch just is the colour-patch itself – we
need only one term here, for which Russell adopts the name ‘percept’.
Before accepting neutral monism Russell had objected to it on a number
of grounds, one being that it could not properly account for belief. And
as noted, even when he adopted the theory he did so in a qualiﬁed
irreducible aspects. Nevertheless what at last persuaded him was the
fact, as it seemed to him, that psychology and physics had come very
close: the new physics both of the atom and of relativistic space-time
had effectively dematerialized matter, and psychology, especially in the
form of behaviourism, had effectively materialized mind. From the
internal viewpoint of introspection, mental reality is composed of
sensations and images. From the external viewpoint of observation,
material things are composed of sensations and sensibilia. A more or
less uniﬁed theory therefore seems possible by treating the
fundamental difference as one of arrangement: a mind is a construction
formed of materials organized in one way, a brain more or less the same
materials organized in another.
A striking feature of this view is, surprisingly, how idealist it is. Russell
had, as noted, charged James with residual idealism. But here he is
arguing something hardly distinguishable: that minds are composed of
sensed percepts – namely, sensations and images – and matter is a
logical ﬁction constructed of unsensed percepts. Now Russell had often
insisted (using his earlier terminology) that sense-data and sensibilia are
‘physical’ entities, in somewhat the sense in which, if one were talking
73

Philosophy, mind, and science

form; mind and matter overlap on common ground, but each has

about an item of sensory information in a nervous system, that datum
would be present as impulses in a nerve or activity in a brain. But then
nerves and brains, as objects of physical theory, are themselves to be
understood as constructions from sensations and sensibilia, not as
traditionally understood ‘material substance’, a concept which physics
has shown to be untenable. At the end of AMd Russell accordingly says
that ‘an ultimate scientiﬁc account of what goes on in the world, if it
were ascertainable, would resemble psychology rather than physics . . .
[because] psychology is nearer to what exists’ (AMd 305, 308). This
explains Russell’s notorious claim that ‘brains consist of thoughts’ and
that when a physiologist looks at another person’s brain, what he ‘sees’
is a portion of his own brain (Schilpp, Philosophy of Bertrand Russell, 705).
For robuster versions of materialism this aspect of Russell’s view is hard
to accept. But it is not the only difﬁculty with his version of neutral
Russell

monism. Not least is the fact that he failed in his main aim, which was to
refute the view that consciousness is essential to the distinction
between mental and physical phenomena. He had not of course
attempted to analyse consciousness quite away; his aim was rather to
reduce its importance for the mind–matter question. But images,
feelings, and sensations, which play so central a role in his theory,
stubbornly remain conscious phenomena, whereas the sensibilia (by
deﬁnition often unsensed), which constitute the greater part of matter,
are not. Russell accepted this, but tried to specify a criterion of
difference which did not trade on these facts, namely, the criterion of
membership of different causal realms. But whereas that difference is
open to question – and even if it exists might be too often hard to see –
the consciousness difference is clear cut.
Relatedly, the intentionality which characterizes consciousness cannot
be left out of accounts of knowledge; memory and perception are
inexplicable without it. Russell later acknowledged this point, and gave
it as a reason in MPD for having to return to the question of perception
and knowledge in later writings.
74

Russell also later came to abandon the idea – anyway deeply
unsatisfactory from the point of view of a theory supposed to be both
neutral and monist – that images and feelings are essentially mental,
that is, not wholly reducible to neutral stuff; for in a very late essay he
says; ‘An event is not rendered either mental or material by any intrinsic
quality, but only by its causal relations. It is perfectly possible for an
event to have both the causal relations characteristic of physics and
those characteristic of psychology. In that case, the event is both mental
and material at once’ (Portraits from Memory (1958), 152). This, for
consistency, is what he should have argued in AMd itself, where only
sensations have this character. But this view in turn generates another
problem, which is that it comes into unstable tension with a view to
which Russell returned after AMd, namely, that the causes of percepts
earlier, Russell wavered between treating physical things as logical
constructions of sensibilia and as entities inferred as the causes of
perception; he held this latter view in PP and returned to it after AMd.
But on the face of it, one is going to need a delicate connection
between one’s metaphysics and one’s epistemology in order to hold
both that minds and things are of one stuff, and that things are the
unknown external inferred causes of what happens in minds. So those
parts of the legacy of AMd which remain in his later thinking raise
considerable difﬁculties for his later views about matter.

Realism and perception
One of the chief reasons for Russell’s reversion to a realistic, inferential
view about physical things was the difﬁculty inherent in the notion of
unsensed sense-data or, in the later terminology, percepts. As noted
above, the idea had been to replace inferred entities with logically
constructed ones, an application of the analytical technique. lf physical
things can be logically constructed out of actual and possible sensedata, then two desiderata have been realized at once: the theory is
empirically based, and inferred entities have been shaved away by
75

Philosophy, mind, and science

are inferred from the occurrence of the percepts themselves. As noted

Ockham’s razor. But it is obvious, and the point has already been made,
that the idea of unsensed sense-data (or unperceived percepts) is, if not
indeed contradictory, at least problematic. It makes sense – although,
without a careful gloss, it is metaphysically questionable – to talk of the
existence of possibilities of sensation; but to talk of the existence of
possible sensations arguably does not (note Russell’s deﬁnition of
sensibilia as entities having the ‘same metaphysical and physical status
as sense-data without necessarily being data to any mind’). If the choice
lay between inferred material particulars and non-actual perceptions
existing unperceived, it would seem best to plump for the former. In
effect, this is what Russell himself came to think; and unsensed
sensations went out of the window. But he did not return to the cruder
form of inferential realism held in PP; something more ingenious, but no
more successful, was up his sleeve, as explained shortly.

Russell

Another reason for Russell’s reversion to realism was his recognition
that the notion of causality is problematic for phenomenalism. Things in
the world seem to affect one another causally in ways that are difﬁcult
to account for properly by mere reports of sense-experiences.
Moreover, a causal theory of perception is a natural and powerful way of
explaining how experience itself arises. In Russell’s mature philosophy of
science, contained in AMt and Human Knowledge (1948), he did not opt
for a Lockean view which says that our percepts resemble their causal
origins – the so-called ‘picture-original’ theory – because we cannot be
directly acquainted with things, and therefore cannot expect to know
their qualities and relations. Rather, he now argued, changes in the
world and our perceptions are correlated, or co-vary, at least for orders
of things in the world that our perceptual apparatus is competent to
register (we do not, for example, perceive electrons swarming in the
table, so there is no associated covariation of world and perception at
that level). The correspondence between percepts and things is one of
structure at the appropriate level: ‘Whatever we infer from perceptions it
is only structure that we can validly infer; and structure is what can be
expressed by mathematical logic’ (AMt 254). And this means that we
76

have to be ‘agnostic’ about all but the physical world’s mathematical
properties, which is what physics describes (AMt 270).
Russell had come to think that the best candidate for what is
metaphysically most basic in the world is the ‘event’. Objects are
constructed out of events in the following way: the world is a collection
of events, most of which cluster together around a multitude of
‘centres’, thus constituting individual ‘objects’. Each cluster radiates
‘chains’ of events, which interact with and react upon chains radiating
from other centres – among which are perceivers. When a chain
interacts with the events constituting the perceptual apparatus of a
perceiver, the last link in the chain is a percept. Since everything is
ultimately constituted of events, they are in effect the ‘neutral stuff’ of
connected by ‘mental’ relations, not least among them
memory; otherwise there is no metaphysical difference between
mind and matter. Finally, the interrelations of event-chains is what
scientiﬁc causal laws describe.
This view enabled Russell to formulate the argument he had long been
trying to state satisfactorily, namely, that percepts are parts of things.
For on this view it is not the case that there are events which constitute
things, and then in addition other events which are perceptions of those
things; rather, there are just events constituting the object, some of
which are percepts – these being the terminal events of the chains
radiating from the object which interact with events constituting the
perceiver.
This theory is inferential not in the earlier sense in which the causes of
percepts, lying inaccessibly beyond a veil of perception, are guessed
from the nature of the percepts themselves. Rather, the inference is
from certain terminal events, namely, percepts – which are interactions
between (to put the matter heuristically) ‘mental’ events and that level
of structure in the rest of the event world with which the ‘mental’
77

Philosophy, mind, and science

which minds and material things are made. Minds are clusters of events

events are capable of interacting – to the clusters and chains of events
constituting the world as a whole
In AMt the core of the theory is the idea that knowledge of the world is
purely structural. We know the qualities and relations as well as the
structure of percepts, but we know only the structure of external
events, not their qualities. This seems somewhat reminiscent of Locke’s
distinction between primary and secondary qualities, but it is not;
Russell is saying that all we can infer from our percepts is the structure
of the qualities and relations of things, not the qualities and relations
themselves; and that this is the limit of knowledge.
This theory has a fatal ﬂaw, which was quickly recognized by the
mathematician M. H. A. Newman and set out in an article published
soon after the appearance of AMt. It is that since our knowledge of the
Russell

structure of events is not a mere result of our stipulating them, but is
manifestly non-trivial, it follows that our inferential knowledge cannot
be limited solely to questions of structure. This is because – to put the
point by a rough analogy – a number of different worlds could be
abstractly deﬁnable as having the same structure, and if they were,
knowledge of their structure alone could not separate them and in
particular could not individuate the ‘real’ one. If science genuinely
consists of discoveries about the world through observation and
experiment, the distinction between what we observe and what we
infer cannot therefore be collapsed into a distinction between pure
structure and qualities.
Russell wrote a characteristically generous letter to Newman
acknowledging the point: ‘You make it entirely obvious that my
statements to the effect that nothing is known about the physical world
except its structure are either false or trivial, and I am somewhat
ashamed not to have noticed it myself.’
Familiarly by now, the common thread linking Russell’s earlier and later
78

views was his desire to reconcile science and perception, with the
particular aim of basing the former on the relative certainty of the latter
and thus furnishing it with grounds. He saw the chief problem in any
such enterprise as securing the move from perception to the objects of
physical theory. On his view, this move must either be inferential, in
which it takes us from the incorrigible data of sense to something else,
or it is analytic, that is, consists in a process of constructing physical
entities out of percepts. On the later view just reported, the inference
has a special advantage over more usual inferential theories, in that the
inference is not from one kind of thing to another, but from one part of
something to its other parts.
In his earlier views Russell had accorded primary reality to sense-data
to events as the ultimate entities, and an important change of emphasis
is introduced: percepts remain immediate and as certain as anything
can be, but they are not construed as having accurately to represent the
physical world, which, in the picture offered by science as the most
powerful way to understand it, is anyway very different from how it
appears.

Inference and science
Crucially, however, there remains a familiar and major problem about
whether inferences from perception to the world are secure. A large
part of Russell’s aim in Human Knowledge (HK) was to state grounds for
taking them to be so. Throughout his thinking about the relation of
perception and science he was convinced that something has to be
known a priori for scientiﬁc knowledge to be possible. Earlier, as noted,
he thought that purely logical principles provide such knowledge. But
he now saw that logic alone is insufﬁcient; we must know something
more substantial. His solution was to say that inference from perception
to events is justiﬁed in the light of certain a priori ‘postulates’ which
nevertheless state contingent facts about the world. So stated, Russell’s
79

Philosophy, mind, and science

and built everything else out of them. On the later view, reality belongs

view immediately reminds one of Kant’s thesis that possession of
‘synthetic a priori knowledge’ is a condition of the possibility of
knowledge in general, a view which Russell robustly dismisses in the
Preface to HK. The difference is explained by the tentative and
probabilistic account that Russell, in this last major attempt to state a
theory of knowledge, felt was all that could be hoped for.
Two features of Russell’s approach in HK explain this result. One is that
he now thought that knowledge should be understood in ‘naturalistic’
terms, that is, as a feature of our biological circumstances, taken
together with the way the world is constituted. The other is that he had
come to make a virtue of the fact that the basic data of knowledge are
never certain, but at best merely credible to some degree. This second
point enters into the detailed working out of the views in HK. The ﬁrst
makes its appearance whenever Russell needs to justify the justiﬁcations
Russell

that HK attempts to provide for scientiﬁc knowledge.
When data have a certain credibility independently of their relations to
other data, Russell describes them as having a degree of ‘intrinsic’
credibility. Propositions having some intrinsic credibility lend support to
propositions inferred from them. The chief question then becomes:
How do propositions with some measure of intrinsic credibility transfer
that credibility to the hypotheses of science? Another way of framing
the question is to ask how reports of observation and experiment can
function as evidence. This is where Russell’s postulates come in.
There are ﬁve postulates. The ﬁrst, ‘the postulate of quasi-permanence’,
is intended to replace the ordinary idea of a persisting thing: ‘given any
event A, it happens very frequently that, at any neighbouring time,
there is at some neighbouring place an event very similar to A’. Thus the
objects of common sense are analysed into sequences of similar events.
The ancestor of this idea is Hume’s analysis of the ‘identity’ of things in
terms of our propensity to take a sequence of resembling perceptions to
be evidence for a single thing, as when you have perceptions of a rose
80

bush every time you go into the garden, and therefore take it that there
is a single persisting rose bush there even when no perceivers are
present.
The second, ‘the postulate of separable causal lines’, states that ‘it is
frequently possible to form a series of events such that, from one or two
members of the series, something can be inferred as to all the other
members’. For example, we can keep track of a billiard ball throughout a
game of billiards; common sense thinks of the ball as a single thing
changing its position, which according to this postulate is to be
explained by treating the ball and its movements as a series of events
from some of which you can infer information about the others.

connection between two events that are not contiguous, there must be
a chain of intermediate links between them. Many of our inferences to
unobserved occurrences depend upon this postulate.
The fourth is ‘the structural postulate’, which states that ‘when a
number of structurally similar complexes are ranged about a centre in
regions not widely separated, it is usually the case that all belong to
causal lines having their origin in an event of the same structure at the
centre’. This is intended to make sense of the idea that there exists a
world of physical objects common to all perceivers. If 6 million people
all listen to the Prime Minister’s broadcast on the radio, and upon
comparing notes ﬁnd that they heard remarkably similar things, they
are entitled to the view that the reason is the common-sense one that
they all heard the same person speaking over the airwaves.
The ﬁfth and last is ‘the postulate of analogy’, which states that ‘given
two classes of events A and B, and given that, whenever both A and B
can be observed, there is reason to believe that A causes B, then if, in a
given case, A is observed, but there is no way of observing whether B
81

Philosophy, mind, and science

The third is ‘the postulate of spatio-temporal continuity’, designed to
deny ‘action at a distance’ by requiring that if there is a causal

occurs or not, it is probable that B occurs; and similarly if B is observed,
but the presence or absence of A cannot be observed’. This postulate
speaks for itself (HK 506–12).
The point of the postulates is, Russell says, to justify the ﬁrst steps
towards science. They state what we have to know, in addition to
observed facts, if scientiﬁc inferences are to be valid. It is not advanced
science which is thus justiﬁed, but its more elementary parts,
themselves based on common-sense experience.
But what is the sense of ‘know’ here? On Russell’s view, the knowing
involved in ‘knowledge of the postulates’ is a kind of ‘animal knowing’,
which arises as habitual beliefs from the experience of interaction with
the world. It is far from being certain knowledge. ‘Owing to the world

Russell

being such as it is,’ Russell says:
certain occurrences are sometimes, in fact, evidence for certain others;
and owing to animals being adapted to their environment, occurrences
which are, in fact, evidence of others tend to arouse expectation of those
others. By reﬂecting on this process and reﬁning it, we arrive at the
canons of inductive inference. These canons are valid if the world has
certain characteristics which we all believe it to have.
(HK 514–15)

These characteristics are the common-sense facts that the postulates in
effect embody, and it is in this sense that we ‘know’ them. They are
implied in the inferences we make, and our inferences are by and large
successful; so the postulates can be regarded as in a sense selfconﬁrming.
Although Russell thinks of the postulates as something we know a
priori, it is clear that their status is odd. They are in fact empirical in one
sense, since they either record or are suggested by experience. What
gives them their a priori status is that they are treated as known
82

independently of empirical conﬁrmation (except indirectly in practice),
rather than as generalizations in need of such justiﬁcation. In effect
Russell has selected some general contingent beliefs which are
especially useful to have as premisses in thinking about the world, and
elevated them to the dignity of postulates. Their indirect justiﬁcation, in
turn, is that on the whole they, or the results of their application, work.
Allied to the extremely modest ambition Russell has for epistemology in
HK – it is no longer the quest for as certain a basis for knowledge as one
can get, but only a statement of rules of thumb whose adoption makes
scientiﬁc thinking acceptable – this might be enough. But it has no
pretensions to be a response to scepticism, or a rigorous account of
non-demonstrative reasoning.

canons of evidence and scientiﬁc reasoning are worth investigating only
if we can be conﬁdent that, if we get them right, they will deliver
substantial contingent knowledge about the world. But the most that
Russell’s argument establishes is that, so far, the general principles on
which our empirical thinking relies have been largely successful. But this
looks like exactly the kind of unbuttressed inductive inference Russell
was anxious to caution against, citing the example of the chicken who,
on being fed day after day, grew increasingly pleased with the world –
until the day of her encounter with the butcher. There are limits to
pragmatic justiﬁcation; imagine someone who encourages the growth
of his tomatoes by prayer alone, and gets some tomatoes every year,
and someone else who waters and fertilizes his tomatoes, and gets
many more each year; still, the ﬁrst gardener might regard the fact that
he gets some tomatoes as pragmatic justiﬁcation for praying over them.
The success of our principles to date does not, thus, amount to much of
a ground for saying that they deliver the scientiﬁc goods.
In particular, we have no guarantee against the possibility that use of
the postulates leads us to falsehood, either occasionally or in some
83

Philosophy, mind, and science

These last remarks suggest why Russell’s arguments in HK received little
response, much to his disappointment. He recognized well enough that

systematic way concealed by the kind of situation exempliﬁed by the
praying gardener. Now this possibility is in effect allowed by Russell in
asking very little of epistemology. The complaint must therefore be that
the argument in HK is in fact an admission of failure, when taken in the
light of the epistemological tradition. Descartes and his successors in
modern philosophy raised questions about the nature of knowledge
and how we get it precisely so that they could distinguish between
some enterprises – alchemy, astrology, and magic, say – and others –
chemistry, astronomy, and medicine, say – which differ not merely in
the number of really useful applications they offer, but in telling us
something true about the world; and where, moreover, the latter fact
explains the former, and opens the way to more of both by the same
route. Furthermore, our ancient prejudices and animal beliefs might be
controverted in the process, as indeed happens: for the world depicted
by science is remarkably different from the world of common sense. But
Russell

Russell in HK says that the utility of applications and those same animal
habits of belief are the only ﬁnal justiﬁers we can hope for in
epistemology. This is very much less than the project of epistemology
traditionally aims to achieve, and it is much less than Russell himself
hoped to attain when he ﬁrst took up the epistemological task many
decades before.

84

Chapter 4
Politics and society

Introduction
Russell contributed voluminously to debates about morals, politics,
religion, education, and questions of war and peace. He did not think
of these contributions as being in the strict sense philosophical. As
the preceding chapter shows, he regarded philosophy as a technical
discipline concerned with abstract questions about logic, knowledge,
and metaphysics. These other debates, in his opinion, are by contrast
matters of emotion and opinion, relating as they do to practicalities
of life. He acknowledged that there can be analysis of moral and
political discourse in a formal sense, that is, as a systematic study
dealing with their logic rather than their substance; but it was
practical questions and concrete problems that interested him,
especially after the outbreak of the First World War.
Nevertheless, in certain of his writings Russell ventured an account
of the basis of ethics. He did not try to state an original theory,
resting content with consciously derivative views which (after his
interest in practical questions had become serious) were
‘consequentialist’ in character, having it that the moral worth of
what people and governments do must be judged by outcomes.
At the same time – and not altogether consistently – he sometimes
wrote as if he believed in the intrinsic moral worth of certain things,
85

such as the character traits of courage, magnanimity, and honesty.
And he also, in some of his earlier writings, put forward a view
further inconsistent with these, that moral judgements are disguised
statements of subjective attitude. The main problem for Russell
was how to reconcile two conﬂicting things: on the one hand, allegiance
to profoundly and passionately held moral convictions, and, on the
other hand, the apparent groundlessness of moral judgement. His
difﬁculty in achieving this reconciliation was increased by his scepticism
about whether there can be such a thing as ethical knowledge
at all.
The best way to characterize Russell’s contribution in the ethical sphere
is, perhaps, to say that he was much more a moralist than a moral
philosopher. Like Aristotle before him he regarded ethics and politics as
continuous; there is no difference of kind between the ethical
Russell

judgement that war is evil and the political demand for peace.
Accordingly there is a seamlessness in Russell’s thinking about morality,
politics, and society which explains why, in the most thorough of his
books on these questions, Human Society in Ethics and Politics (HSEP),
they are considered together.
In politics Russell was all his life a radical and, in the small ‘l’ sense, a
liberal. After the First World War he became a member of the Labour
Party and stood as its candidate in two elections. He tore up his
membership card in the 1960s in disgust at Harold Wilson’s support for
American war-making in Vietnam. But he was never a socialist in the
old-fashioned sense, having been unpersuaded by Marxism when he
studied it in Germany in the 1890s for his ﬁrst book, German Social
Democracy (‘social democracy’ then denoted Marxism). He was
temperamentally opposed to the centralizing tendency of socialism as
then understood – which was practically the only aspect of socialism (or
‘socialism’) ever put fully into practice in the Soviet world – and was
accordingly much more attracted by Guild Socialism, a highly
decentralized form of cooperative ownership and control in which
86

8. Russell stood as a parliamentary candidate on behalf of female suffrage
at the Wimbledon by-election of 1907.

people govern themselves in circumstances that, in the ideal, integrate
their social, recreational, and working lives.
Russell was at his best when criticizing contemporary moral and
political conditions. The positive alternatives he suggested typically
look unpersuasive, tending to be either utopian or, at very least – given
the circumstances in which he offered them – impracticable to a
degree. But as critic, scourge, and gadﬂy he is in the league of Socrates
and Voltaire.
No one needs an excuse or a licence to contribute to debate on the
great questions of society – the questions of politics, morals, and
education. It is, arguably, a civic duty to be an informed participant.
Russell’s activities in these respects therefore need no justiﬁcation. But
there is a good reason why his contributions have a certain authority. It
Russell

is that he was better equipped than many for the task. This is not
because he was an inheritor of a grand Whig tradition of involvement in
public affairs, although no doubt this prompted both his interest in
them and his sense of obligation to take part. Rather it was because his
interest and sense of obligation were supported by four priceless assets:
an extraordinary intelligence, a lucid eloquence, a broad knowledge of
history, and complete fearlessness in the face of opposition. This made
him a formidable debater. It was only at the end of his life, when others
around him were speaking and writing in his name, that he sounded
shrill and ill-judging.
Some of his ideas, such as belief in world government, have so far found
little support. Others helped transform the social landscape of the
Western world, as, for example, in attitudes to marriage and sexual
morality. In other spheres again – not least in connection with religion –
Russell liberated many minds, but he would not be surprised, given his
understanding of human nature, to ﬁnd that superstition ﬂourishes
even more now than in his day, and that dogma – ‘faith is what I die for,
dogma is what I kill for’ – is back with a vengeance.
88

Theoretical ethics
In his very earliest thinking about ethics Russell held the romantic
Hegelian view that the universe is good in itself and a ﬁt object for
‘intellectual love’. His acceptance of this view was inspired by
McTaggart, but it did not retain its hold on him for long. His ﬁrst serious
treatment of ethical questions, set out in his paper ‘The Elements of
Ethics’ and published in 1910, shows Russell following the teaching of
G. E. Moore’s Principia Ethica, in which Moore argues that goodness is an
indeﬁnable, unanalysable, but objective property of things, actions, and
people, which we perceive by an act of direct moral intuition. Moore
held a version of utilitarianism, which can be summarized as the view
that the right thing to do in any given case is whatever will result in
promoting the greatest balance of good over ill in that case. Moore’s
in promoting the attractive idea that friendship and the enjoyment of
beauty are the highest ethical goods. (Unkind critics claimed that the
Bloomsburies liked this view because they could economize – so to
speak – by having beautiful friends.)
Difﬁculties immediately suggest themselves in connection with the
utilitarian view. One is that we cannot know fully what the
consequences will be of acting one way rather than another, and
therefore we might inadvertently promote bad consequences as a
result of muddled thinking or mistaken intuitions. In his version of
Moore’s view Russell acknowledges this, but argues that we have
acted rightly when we are satisﬁed that we have thought matters
through carefully, and done our best on the available information. The
claim that goodness is objective, however, is another matter, and
Russell could not be content with it for long, for although it might,
strictly speaking, be irrefutable, neither can it be proved correct, most
signiﬁcantly in the face of someone who ﬂatly disagrees with
another’s intuition that goodness is present in such-and-such an act
or situation.
89

Politics and society

views were inﬂuential among members of the Bloomsbury set, not least

This difﬁculty led Russell to adopt the view, expressed in An Outline of
Philosophy (1927), that moral judgements are not objective – that is, are
not true or false – but are instead disguised imperatives, optatives, or
statements of attitude. An imperative is a command, such as ‘do not tell
lies’, an optative is a choice or wish – as when one opts for one thing
rather than another – in the ethical case expressible by ‘would that no
one told untruths’; and ‘I disapprove of lying’ is a report of its utterer’s
attitude to lying. Imperatives and optatives obviously lack truth-value.
Although matters are otherwise with reports of attitudes, this is only
because they are descriptions of the relevant psychological fact about
their possessors; nothing true or false is being said about the moral
value of lying, only about what the speaker thinks of lying.
This position might, to contrast it with Moore’s objectivism, be called
‘subjectivism’. It suffers from equally grave problems, not the least of
Russell

which is that it is straightforwardly implausible. Consider, say, the
Holocaust. It is intolerable to think that one’s ground for judging that
the Holocaust is evil is merely that one disapproves of it. Russell felt this
difﬁculty acutely, and therefore in his ﬁnal and fullest discussion of these
questions (HSEP) tried to ﬁnd a half-way position between objectivism
and subjectivism which has the beneﬁts but avoids the difﬁculties of
both.
Moral judgements, he argues in HSEP, are in reality judgements about
the good of society and its individual members. Such judgements
embody or express the fairly widespread community of feeling in a
given society about what, generally speaking, is in everyone’s interests.
And this is a matter about which there can be sensible debate based on
a scientiﬁc or at least rational understanding of the world. This belief in
the possibility of rational resolutions to moral dilemmas often
threatened to desert Russell when he contemplated human folly, but he
clung to it nevertheless.
The fundamental data of ethics, Russell says, are feelings and emotions.
90

Accordingly, ethical judgements are disguised expressions of our hopes,
fears, desires, or aversions. We judge things to be good when they
satisfy our desires. Therefore the general good – the good of society as a
whole – consists in the total satisfaction of desire, no matter by whom
enjoyed. By the same token the good of any section of society consists
in the overall satisfaction of its members’ desires; and an individual’s
good consists in the satisfaction of his personal desires. On this basis
one can deﬁne ‘right action’ by saying that it is whatever, on any given
occasion, is most likely to promote the general good (or if it concerns
only an individual, that individual’s good); and this in turn gives us our
explanation of moral obligation, the idea that there are things that one
‘ought’ to do; which is, simply, that one ought to do the right thing as
thus understood (HSEP 25, 51, 60, 72).

as ‘satisfaction of desire’ invites the obvious objection that some
desires are evil, and that satisfying them is a worse evil. Russell
considers the example of cruelty. Can it be good if someone wishes to
make another suffer? And is it not even worse if he succeeds in carrying
out his wish? Russell says that his deﬁnition does not imply that such a
state of affairs is good. For one thing, it involves the frustration of the
victim’s desires, for the victim naturally desires to avoid suffering at the
perpetrator’s hands. And for another, society at large will not in general
desire that its members should be victims of cruelty, and so its desires
in this respect will be frustrated too. Accordingly there will be a great
preponderance of unfulﬁlled desire when cruelty is perpetrated, thus
making it bad.
Another difﬁculty for Russell’s account is that desires can conﬂict. He
responds by saying that this places a demand on us to choose desires
that will be least likely to compete with one another. Borrowing a
technical term from Leibniz, Russell calls consistency between desires
their ‘compossibility’. Good and bad desires can then be deﬁned as
91

Politics and society

Russell of course recognizes that there are difﬁculties with this account,
and discusses a number of them. For example: the deﬁnition of ‘good’

those which are compossible with, respectively, as many and as few
other desires as possible.
Russell devotes a chapter to the question whether judgements such as
‘cruelty is wrong’ are simply disguised expressions of subjective
attitude. As noted, this question is important, and it troubled Russell
deeply. He arrived at what might be called his ‘sociological’ answer –
that moral value is the product of a kind of social consensus – after
considering alternative possibilities offered by ethical debate.
The problem can be stated by noting that the chief difference between
ordinary factual discourse and moral discourse is the presence in the
latter of terms like ‘ought’, ‘good’, and their synonyms. Are these terms
part of the ‘minimum vocabulary’ of ethics, that is, both indeﬁnable and
fundamental to any understanding of ethical concepts; or can they be
Russell

deﬁned in terms of something else, for example feelings and emotions?
And if this latter, are the sentiments in question those of the individual
who makes a moral judgement, or do they have a reference more
general – to the desires and feelings of mankind? (HSEP 110–11).
In discussing these questions Russell notes that when we examine moral
disagreements over what ought to be done in a given case, we ﬁnd that
many of them derive from disagreement over what will result from this
or that course of action. This shows that moral evaluations turn on
estimates of outcomes, and that therefore we can deﬁne ‘ought’ by
saying that an act ought to be performed if, among all acts possible in
the case, it is the one most likely to produce the greatest amount of
‘intrinsic value’ (an expression Russell uses as a more precise substitute
for ‘good’).
Is ‘intrinsic value’ deﬁnable? Russell thinks it is. ‘When we examine the
things to which we are inclined to attach intrinsic value,’ he says, ‘we
ﬁnd that they are all things that are desired or enjoyed. It is difﬁcult to
believe that anything would have intrinsic value in a universe devoid of
92

sentience. This suggests that “intrinsic value” may be deﬁnable in terms
of desire or pleasure or both’ (HSEP 113). Since not all desires can be
intrinsically valuable because desires conﬂict, Russell reﬁnes the notion
so that intrinsic value is understood as a property of the ‘states of mind’
desired by those who experience them.
With this adjustment, Russell offers the following summary of his view.
As a rule our approval or otherwise of given acts is dependent on what
consequences we think they are likely to have. The consequences of acts
we approve we call ‘good’, their opposites ‘bad’. The acts themselves
we call ‘right’ and ‘wrong’ respectively. What we ‘ought’ to do is
whatever is a right act in the circumstances, that is, whatever will
produce the greatest balance of good.

the subjectivist dilemma, without rational grounds for committing
ourselves to the wrongness of, say, racism, intolerance, cruelty, and the
rest? Russell’s answer is that there is as a matter of fact widespread
agreement among people about what is desirable. He agrees with
Henry Sidgwick that the acts which people generally approve are those
which produce most happiness or pleasure. If this includes the
satisfaction of intellectual and aesthetic interests (‘if we were really
persuaded that pigs are happier than human beings, we should not on
that account welcome the ministrations of Circe’; some pleasures are
inherently preferable to others), then we have our escape from
subjectivism; for this view gives us statements about what ought to be
done which are not merely disguised optatives or imperatives, and thus
have truth-value; but which, nevertheless, rest on facts about our
feelings and the satisfaction of our desires. Facts about our feelings
underlie the deﬁnition of ‘right’ and ‘wrong’, and facts about
satisfaction of desires underlie the deﬁnition of ‘intrinsic value’. Thus
Russell claims success in having articulated a half-way position between
objectivism and subjectivism which, at the same time, has practical
93

Politics and society

Of these points the ﬁrst carries greatest weight. If moral evaluation is a
matter of what people approve and disapprove, are we not marooned in

credentials in a quite straightforward sense, as providing a way of
evaluating not just actions of the kind typically at issue in moral
debates, but social customs, laws, and government policies.
Despite Russell’s optimism about this view, it contains a number of
difﬁculties. In effect it says that the basis of evaluation is consensus of
desire. But this means that if the majority in a given society is
offended by, say, homosexuality, homosexuality will accordingly count
as bad, whereas in a more tolerant society where a different consensus
holds, homosexuality will not be bad. Is moral relativism of this degree
plausible? This difﬁculty is related to another, which is that because
the value of consequences is measured by how much they satisfy
desires, the degree of the Holocaust’s evil is a function of the degree
to which the satisfaction of Nazi desires is outweighed by the
frustration of their victims’ desires and those of the generality of the
Russell

world’s population, who might not wish genocide to become
commonplace (perhaps in case they become victims of it). Russell
himself felt that something more compelling underlies the moral
horror we feel in the face of the Holocaust, but his principles do not
explain it.
Any familiarity with debate in ethics shows that Russell’s efforts in the
ﬁeld are sketchy. Even in HSEP the discussion is less philosophical than
exhortatory. Based on broad psychological generalities, with only a
gesture towards rigour, the aim of HSEP is to get us to accept a practical
method of ethical evaluation rather than to provide ethics with a
theoretical foundation. Part of the reason, as noted, is that Russell did
not believe rigour can be applied to discussion of ethics; originally the
ethical chapters in HSEP were to have been a continuation of Human
Knowledge, but he held them back, dissatisﬁed, and only published
them, supplemented by chapters on political questions, after at last
deciding that he could not make the arguments they contain more
systematic. But he did not repine; his chief aim in ethics, as with all the
social questions he addressed, was after all a polemical one. He wished
94

to inﬂuence how people live, and to that end was content to commit
himself in the main to advocacy and persuasion.

Practical morality
Russell’s Nobel Prize was awarded to him for literature, and the book
cited was Marriage and Morals. Russell wrote much on practical moral
questions, some of the best of it to be found in the dozens of short
pieces he contributed to newspapers, not least those published by the
Hearst Press in America during the early 1930s. In these pieces
(invariably 750 words long, as required by the size of the column
reserved for them on the newspaper page) Russell comes across as
remarkably observant, tolerant, humane, and sensible – and on many
questions a long way ahead not only of his time but of ours.

I have sometimes passed children playing in the park and heard them say
in a loud clear voice, ‘Mummy, who is that funny old man?’ To which
comes a shocked, subdued, ‘Hush! Hush!’ The children become dimly
aware that they have done something wrong, but are completely at a
loss to imagine what it is. All children occasionally get presents that they
do not like and are instructed by their parents that they must seem
delighted with them. As they are also informed that they ought not to
tell lies, the result is moral confusion.
(‘On Tact’, in Mortals and Others (Allen & Unwin, 1975), i. 158)

Such is an education in tact. Tact is undoubtedly a virtue, Russell says,
but only the thinnest of lines separates it from hypocrisy. The
distinction is one of motive. If kindliness prompts us to please another in
circumstances where bluntness might cause upset, tact is appropriate;
but it is less amiable when the motive is fear of offending, or desire to
obtain an advantage by ﬂattery. People who are profoundly earnest
95

Politics and society

Take, for example, his essay ‘On Tact’. We put tact and truthfulness in
quite separate boxes, he observes, but this carries a certain cost.

Russell

9. Russell was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1950, and is seen here receiving it
from the King of Sweden.

dislike tact; when Beethoven visited Goethe in Weimar he was shocked
to see him behaving politely to a set of foolish courtiers. People who are
always sincere, and never tell polite lies, are generally appreciated, but
this, says Russell, is because genuinely sincere people are free from
envy, malice, and pettiness. ‘Most of us have a dose of these vices in our
composition, and therefore have to exercise tact to avoid giving
offence. We cannot all be saints, and if saintliness is impossible, we may
at least try not to be too disagreeable.’
This may be slight stuff, but it is perceptive, and makes points worth
considering. Russell’s journalism on social questions is characteristically
like this: enjoyable, amusing, and instructive.
Marriage and Morals deals with larger and more pressing questions. It
96

focuses upon sex and family life. In Russell’s view, sexual morality has
two principal sources: men’s desire to be sure that they are truly the
fathers of the children to whom their women give birth, and the
religion-inspired belief that sex is sinful. Russell was always prepared to
take instruction from the science of his day, in this instance looking to
biology for an explanation of the origins of custom. It prompted him to
think that sexual morality in early times had the biological purpose of
securing the protection of two parents for each child, a motive which
Russell is keen to agree is a good one. Many pressures threaten modern
family life, he says, and ought to be resisted. Children need the affection
of both their parents; the alternative, which is to leave the upbringing of
children partly or even wholly to the state, as Plato wished, has little to
recommend it. If the state were to bring up children the result would be
too much uniformity, and perhaps too much harshness; and children
demagogues.
But so far as personal sexual morality is concerned, in Russell’s view, the
modern tendency to greater freedom of opinion and action is a good
thing. Freer opinions result from a loosening of the grip of traditional
morality, especially religious morality; and freer action is made possible
by improvements in contraception, which put women on a par with
men in having control over their sexual lives.
In Russell’s opinion the doctrine that sex is sinful has done untold harm.
The harm begins in childhood and continues into adulthood in the form
of inhibitions and the stresses they cause. By repressing sexual
impulses, conventional morality subverts other kinds of friendly feeling
also, making people less generous and kindly, and more prone to selfassertion and cruelty. Sex of course must be governed by an ethic, just
as business or sport has to be, but it should not be based on ‘ancient
prohibitions propounded by uneducated people in a society totally
unlike our own’ – by which Russell means the teachings of the Church
fathers long ago. ‘In sex, as in economics and in politics, our ethic is still
97

Politics and society

thus raised would be fertile recruits for political propagandists and

dominated by fears which modern discoveries have made irrational’
(MM 196–7).
A new morality, premissed on rejection of traditional Puritanism, must
be based on the belief that instinct should be trained, not thwarted. A
freer attitude to sexual life does not imply that we can simply follow our
impulses and do as we like. This is because there has to be consistency
in life, and some of our most worthwhile efforts are those directed at
long-term goals, which means the deferral of short-term gratiﬁcations.
Moreover, there has to be consideration for others and ‘standards of
rectitude’. But, Russell argues, self-control is not an end in itself, and
moral conventions should make the need for it a minimum rather than a
maximum. It can be the former if the instincts are well directed from
childhood onwards. Traditional moralists think that because the sexual
instincts are powerful they have to be severely checked in childhood, for
Russell

fear that they will become anarchic and gross. But a good life cannot be
based on anxieties and prohibitions.
The general principles on which Russell thinks sexual morality ought to
be founded are therefore simple and few. First, sexual relationships
should be based on ‘as much as possible of that deep, serious love
between man and woman which embraces the whole personality of
both and leads to a fusion by which each is enriched and enhanced’. And
secondly, if children result, they should be adequately cared for
physically and psychologically. Neither of these principles is particularly
shocking, Russell remarks with a certain wryness, conscious of the
opprobrium he had earned for adultery, divorce, unmarried
cohabitation, and insouciance about keeping them out of public view,
all mightily scandalous at the time. But together the principles imply
certain important adjustments to the conventional moral code.
One is that it permits a measure of what is usually called ‘inﬁdelity’. If
people were not brought up to think of sex as hedged about by taboos,
and if jealousy did not have the sanction of moralists, then people
98

would be capable of more wholehearted and generous attitudes
towards each other. Jealousy makes couples keep one another in a
mutual prison, as if it gave each a right over the other’s person and
needs. ‘Unfaithfulness should not be treated as something terrible’,
wrote Russell, for the existence of ‘conﬁdence in the ultimate strength
of a deep and permanent affection’ is a far better tie than jealousy
(MM 200–1). Elsewhere Russell argues that there can be no objection to
open marriage, as such an arrangement is sometimes called, provided
that the woman does not have children by a lover which her husband is
expected to raise. His own marriage to Dora ended partly because of
this problem.
Russell concludes MM by saying that the doctrine he is offering is not,
despite these remarks on ﬁdelity, one of licence; indeed, it involves
large difference that the self-control is to be exercised in abstaining
from interference with the freedom of others rather than in restraining
one’s own freedom. ‘It may, I think, be hoped’, Russell wrote, ‘that with
the right education from the start this respect for the personality and
freedom of others may become comparatively easy; but for those of us
who have been brought up to think that we have a right to place a veto
upon the actions of others in the name of virtue, it is undoubtedly
difﬁcult to forgo the exercise of this agreeable form of persecution.’ The
essence of a good marriage is mutual respect and deep intimacy. Where
these exist, serious love between man and woman is ‘the most
fructifying of all human experiences’; and that is what all thinking about
marriage and morals should aim to promote (MM 202–3).
Many at the time found Russell’s views profoundly shocking. Marriage
and Morals lost him his job in New York in 1940 (although ten years later,
as noted, it earned him a Nobel Prize, which illustrates how
unpredictable life can be), and together with his reputation for enjoying
female company it led many to attach to him the character of a satyr.
But two points might be noted about these views. One is their calm and
99

Politics and society

nearly as much self-control as conventional morality demands, with the

tolerant good sense. The other is that they did not spring out of the
blue; they are in fact expressive of an attitude shared by the vanguard of
left-wing intellectuals in the 1920s and 1930s, for whom free love and
rejection of sexual jealousy were unwritten principles. Russell had the
courage and crisp logical eloquence required to put these ideas forward
in the hope of letting fresh air into an area of life badly needing it.
Despite the revolution in attitudes and practices which occurred a
generation later, in part made possible by Russell’s advocacy, his
arguments are still worth reading as a speciﬁc against reaction.
In Russell’s views on human relationships three topics frequently recur.
One is the harmfulness of religion, another is the need for good
education, and the third is individual liberty. Each is a constant theme in
Russell’s social thought, and to each he devoted considerable attention.

Russell

I consider them in turn.

Religion
It comes as a surprise to people when they learn that Russell was not an
atheist. He was, instead, an agnostic. Consistency demanded of him
that he accept the possibility that there might be a deity, but he thought
that the existence of such a thing is highly improbable, and moreover,
that if there were such a thing – especially if it were anything like the
God of Christian orthodoxy – the moral repugnance of the universe
would be even greater than it is, because then we would have to accept
either that an omnipotent being allows, or that it wills, the existence of
natural and moral evil in the world (‘natural evil’ denotes disease,
catastrophes such as earthquakes and hurricanes, and the like). On
Russell’s view, a visit to the wards of any children’s hospital should be
enough to make one feel either that there cannot be a deity, or that if
there is one, it is a monster.
Russell was famously asked what he would do if, upon dying, he
discovered that God exists after all. He replied that he would take God
100

to task for not providing sufﬁcient evidence of his existence. He was also
asked what he thought of ‘Pascal’s wager’. This is the view that we
should believe in God even though the evidence for his existence is
extremely slight, because the advantage of doing so, if God exists, far
outweighs the disadvantage if he does not. Russell replied that if God
exists he would approve of unbelievers who used their brains and saw
that the evidence in favour of belief is inadequate.
A standard technique for Russell was to refuse to accept a proposition
unless there is good reason for doing so. A central part of the case in
natural theology for the proposition that God exists (‘natural theology’
means discussion of the concept of deity independently of particular
revelations in scripture or mystical experience) is the set of well-known
‘proofs of God’s existence’. Russell discusses them in Why I Am Not A

One is the First Cause argument, which says that everything has a cause,
so there must be a ﬁrst cause. But this, says Russell, is inconsistent,
because if everything has a cause how can the ﬁrst cause be uncaused?
On some views, God is the self-caused cause (in Aristotle, the selfmoved mover), but either this notion is incoherent, or if it denotes
something possible, then either the principle of universal causation
upon which the whole argument rests is false if causes must be other
than their effects (as indeed the principle seems to imply), or, if causes
can be their own causes, why should there be only one such?
A second argument draws from the appearance of design in the
universe the conclusion that there must be a Designer. But for one thing
the appearance of design in things is better explained by evolution,
which involves no extra entities in the universe, and ﬁts the empirical
data; and for another there is anyway no evidence of overall design in
the world, where the facts – consistently with the second law of
thermodynamics, which tells us that the world is in effect decaying –
suggest quite the contrary.
101

Politics and society

Christian (1957, ﬁrst delivered as lectures in 1927).

A third argument is that there has to be a deity to provide grounds for
morality. This will not do, however, because, as Russell elsewhere
succinctly argues, ‘Theologians have always taught that God’s decrees
are good, and that this is not a mere tautology: it follows that goodness
is logically independent of God’s decrees’ (HSEP 48). It might be added
that if the will of a deity is taken to be the ground of morality, then
one’s reason for being moral is a prudential one merely; it consists in a
desire to escape punishment. But this is hardly a satisfactory basis for
the moral life, and anyway threats are not logically compelling premisses
for any argument.
A related argument, employed by Kant, is that there must be a God to
reward virtue and punish evil, because it is clear from experience that in
this life virtue is not always or even often guaranteed a reward. But this,
says Russell, is like saying that because all the oranges at the top of the
Russell

crate are rotten, the oranges further down must be good; which is
absurd.
Many opponents of religion, while decrying its evil effect in the world as
a promoter of persecution and discord, nevertheless ﬁnd Jesus Christ an
attractive ﬁgure – Russell did not. He thought him less gentle and
compassionate than Buddha and far inferior to Socrates in intellect and
character. Some of his behaviour is uncongenial, as when he blasted the
ﬁg tree – which could hardly have helped being fruitless, since it was out
of season – and threatened to visit eternal agonies on those who would
not believe in him. Russell pointed out that for many centuries, just so
long as it served the interests of the Church, people were encouraged to
believe in the literal truth of these bloodthirsty warnings. But when in a
more humane age critics pointed out how repulsive they are, the
Church shifted to saying that they are to be understood only
metaphorically.
But it is against Christianity as an organized phenomenon that Russell
most directed his ﬁre. He hated superstition – ‘The Roman Catholic
102

Church holds that a priest can turn a piece of bread into the body and
blood of Christ by talking Latin to it’ – and its sheer illogicality – ‘We are
told not to work on Saturdays, and Protestants take this to mean that
we are not to play on Sundays’. In Russell’s view, Christianity is
distinguished above other religions in its readiness for persecution.
Christians have harrassed and killed heretics, Jews, freethinkers, and
one another; they have drowned, burned, and otherwise murdered
thousands of innocent women accused of ‘witchcraft’; and they have
blighted the lives of hundreds of millions with their preposterous
doctrines about sin and sexuality.
Russell’s weapons in the war on religion were chieﬂy mockery and
disdain. He knew the Bible better than many of his opponents, and
could confound them with apt quotation; as when he remarks, in
us that the hare chews the cud’, which causes difﬁculties for
fundamentalists faced with zoology. Indeed the contrast between
religion and science could not be more marked. Religion deals in
absolute and incontrovertible truths which hold good for eternity;
science is more cautious and tentative. Religion imposes limits on
thought, forbidding enquiry when it conﬂicts with what the Church lays
down; science is open-minded (Religion and Science, 14–16). These are
telling contrasts. In the face of scientiﬁc reason the best that religion can
do, when it does not try to remain obdurately fundamentalist, is to
reinterpret its scriptures in allegorical vein, and to hide behind the claim
that religious truths surpass human understanding.
But although Russell was hostile to religion, he was nevertheless a
religious man. This is only a seeming paradox. It is possible to have a
religious attitude to life without belief in supernatural beings and
occurrences. Such an attitude is one in which appreciation of art, love,
and knowledge brings nourishment to the human spirit, and carries
with it a sense of awe before the world and those one loves, and a
concomitant sense of the immensity of which one is part. In a famous if
103

Politics and society

discussing the relative merits of religion and science, that ‘the Bible tells

stylistically overblown essay, ‘A Free Man’s Worship’, written under the
inﬂuence of the failure of his ﬁrst marriage and concomitant changes in
outlook, Russell sets out just such a vision. But it carries dark
qualiﬁcations:
when ﬁrst the opposition of fact and ideal grows fully visible, a spirit of
ﬁery revolt, of ﬁerce hatred of the gods, seems necessary to the assertion
of freedom. To defy with Promethean constancy a hostile universe, to
keep its evil always in view, always actively hated, to refuse no pain the
malice of Power can invent, appears to be the duty of all who will not
bow before the inevitable. But indignation is still a bondage, for it
compels our thoughts to be occupied with an evil world; and in the
ﬁerceness of desire from which rebellion springs there is a kind of selfassertion which it is necessary for the wise to overcome. Indignation is a
submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires; the Stoic freedom in
Russell

which wisdom consists is found in the submission of our desires, but not
of our thoughts. From the submission of our desires springs the virtue of
resignation; from the freedom of our thoughts springs the whole world
of art and philosophy, and the vision of beauty by which, at last, we half
reconquer the reluctant world.
(‘A Free Man’s Worship’, 1903, reprinted in Mysticism and Logic)

As this shows, the yearning for transcendence – for Spinoza’s dream of
an utterly clear, dispassionate, synoptic understanding of all things that
will set one free – was always tempered for Russell by the hard facts of
suffering in the world. In the ‘Prologue’ to his autobiography he writes:
‘Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward to the
heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth.’ In his agnostic way,
therefore, Russell yearned for the heavens, and strove to ﬁnd pathways
that would lead mankind there.

Education
The chief of those pathways, Russell hoped, was education, which for
104

him was a question of how people should be equipped for life. He did
not address himself to administrative details about the provision of
schools and universities and the training of teachers, as Sydney and
Beatrice Webb might have done, but talked instead of what might be
called the spiritual (again, in a secular sense) goals of education. The
aim of education, he wrote, is to form character; and the best kind of
character is vital, courageous, sensitive, and intelligent, all ‘to the
highest degree’. This is how he puts matters in On Education, published
in 1926, a year before he and Dora founded Beacon Hill School. This
book deals mainly with the earliest childhood years, and in his
autobiography Russell acknowledges that he was ‘unduly optimistic in
his psychology’ and in some ways also ‘unduly harsh’ in the methods he
proposed. An example might be the view, adopted from Montessori
principles, that if a child behaves badly it should be isolated from other
form of discipline.
The book nevertheless contains some sound advice. Starting with the
very young, Russell argues that babies should have a regular routine and
be provided with as many opportunities for learning as possible, but
that any parental anxieties should be carefully concealed lest they ‘pass
to the child by suggestion’. This tenet reﬂects Russell’s belief that since
anxiety is not instinctive among other higher mammals, its appearance
in children must be the result of their learning it from adults. At the
same time he reminded readers not to martyr themselves to
parenthood, but to strike an appropriate balance between their own
interests and those of their children.
Russell believed that knowledge is in itself both liberating and a
safeguard against fear. A lively interest in outward things – a central
theme also of his Conquest of Happiness – is a powerful help to
courageous and joyous living. Russell also advises on how to promote
truthfulness and generosity: not by relying on punishment of their
opposites – since what might on the face of things seem to be, say, lying
105

Politics and society

children until it learns to be good. Russell later came to think this a cruel

might in fact be the exercise of imagination – but by encouraging the
positive traits when they appear. It was in this regard, as he later
recognized, that he might have been too optimistic about the
psychology of the young. His experience as a schoolmaster soon
taught him that children are capable of wickedness, and that if
wickedness is left unpunished it can, as in Lord of the Flies, grow
monstrous.
But even in these early views Russell was not wedded to laissez-faire
principles, especially not in connection with study. He believed that the
acquisition of habits of self-discipline and concentration would prove
liberating in the long run, and although he argued that the attention of
children should be engaged by attracting rather than coercing them to
their schoolwork, he was not against applying their noses to the
grindstone when necessary. Children should be able to read by the age
Russell

of 5, he said, and should make an early start on a couple of languages.
The rudiments of mathematics need drilling, and it should be given.
Poetry and plays can be enjoyed at primary school age, but real
appreciation of literature only comes later. Classics, history, and science
come later still; by this stage the pupil, after having tried these subjects,
should choose whichever seems most interesting, and follow it up for
himself or herself (OE 18–162).
These views on the curriculum are conventional enough. What was not
conventional, and therefore caused scandal at the time, was what
Russell had to say about sex education. Instant legends sprang up about
Beacon Hill School; a representative tale has a bishop arriving at the
door and exclaiming, on being met by a naked child, ‘My God!’, to which
the naked child replies, ‘There is no God’. But in fact all Russell argued
was that children should not be made anxious about their bodies, and
should therefore be calmly informed of the mechanics of sex before
puberty arrives, a good reason for the early start being that they will not
therefore learn about sex in inappropriate and fevered ways. In
surprisingly conventional line with medical opinion of the day Russell
106

10. Russell was shocked by the severity of bullying at Beacon Hill School.
He saw it as a microcosm of the brutal behaviour of adults and as an
indication that nationalism and war are inevitabilities of the human
condition.

was doubtful whether masturbation is a good thing, so on this matter at
least he can hardly be accused of dangerous opinions.
Five years later, after ﬁrst-hand experience in his own school, Russell
wrote Education and the Social Order (1931). In it he held to most of what
he had said in On Education, but now labelled it the ‘negative’ theory
and admitted that it needed supplementation. The negative theory says
that the task in education is to provide opportunities and remove
barriers so that children can develop in their own ways. Russell now saw
that what is further required is that children should receive positive
instruction in getting along with others. He had been shocked by
episodes of bullying at Beacon Hill, and saw it as a microcosm of the
brutal behaviour of adults, and indeed of whole nations. His anxiety that
irrationality and aggression are innate was deepened by the experience,
and it made him despair for the world because it seemed to suggest
Russell

that nationalism and war are inevitabilities of the human condition.
Russell never had inﬂated expectations of education. But despite the
disillusionment prompted by his practical experiment in schoolteaching, he retained his characteristic liberal belief that it is chieﬂy on
education that hopes for a better world must focus. In his popular
writings on social and political questions, Russell was indeed tirelessly
attempting to do just that: to educate, with the whole world as his
classroom. Despite everything, he never lost hope that vital, brave,
sensitive, and intelligent people could be brought into being if only they
are given the right kind of guidance in childhood.

Politics
If we are to understand politics, Russell held, we must understand
power. All political institutions are historically rooted in authority; at
ﬁrst, the authority of a tribal leader or king, to whom people submitted
out of fear; later, to the institution of kingship, to which people gave
allegiance as a matter of custom. Russell disagreed with those who held
108

that civil society arose from an original ‘social contract’ in which
individuals gave up part of their freedom in return for the beneﬁts – not
least among them security – of social living. If there were any original
contract, he said, it was one between members of the ruling élite, a
‘contract among conquerors’, to which they subscribed in order to
consolidate their position and privileges (Power, 190).
In Russell’s view, history suggests that monarchy constitutes the earliest
type of developed political arrangement. Authority ﬁltered down
through the social hierarchy, from the king – who, in many
dispensations, claimed to receive it from God – to the nobility, the
gentry, and so on down to the humblest man at the head of his own
family in his cottage. The advantages of the system, when it
commanded the loyalty of those involved, was social cohesion. Its
benevolently; there are many examples of such arrangements
becoming tyrannical and cruel (Power, 189).
The natural successor to monarchy is oligarchy, Russell says, and this
admits of a variety of forms: aristocracy, plutocracy, priesthoods, or
political parties. Rule by the rich, as exempliﬁed in the free cities of the
Middle Ages and by Venice until Napoleon captured it, seemed to
Russell to have worked rather well, but he did not think modern
industrialists were up to the same mark (Power, 193). As with monarchy
when it commands loyalty, both Church and party political oligarchies
can generate social cohesion through the sharing of beliefs or ideology,
but the great danger they pose is their threat to liberty. Such oligarchies
cannot tolerate those who disagree with their views, nor can they
permit the existence of institutions which might challenge their
monopoly of power (Power, 195–6).
Nevertheless, Russell noted, there is a beneﬁt to be had from oligarchic
forms of government, provided that liberty can be secured under them,
which is that they allow for the existence of a leisured class. The reason
109

Politics and society

disadvantage is that the absolute ruler has no incentive to rule

is that leisure is a condition for the ﬂourishing of mental life – for
literature, learning, and art. In the past this involved the sacriﬁce of the
many, who had to toil long hours so that the few could enjoy the
requisite freedoms. But if good use is made of modern technology,
Russell believed, ‘we could, within twenty years, abolish all abject
poverty, quite half the illness in the world, the whole economic slavery
which binds down nine-tenths of our population: we could ﬁll the world
with beauty and joy, and secure the reign of universal peace’ (Political
Ideals, 27). Russell made these utopian remarks in 1917, by way of
lighting a candle in the darkness of war, but they are not entirely devoid
of point: given the success of science and its intelligent use for peaceful
purposes, there is no reason why more leisure, and therefore more of
the conditions for creative and ﬂourishing life, should not be possible for
more people. Such a possibility undermines the argument for social
structures which support a leisured class, and makes instead a strong
Russell

claim of justice in favour of democracy.
Still, the difference between democracy and oligarchy is only a matter
of degree, Russell observes, because even under democracy only a few
people can hold real power. This made Russell cynical even about the
vaunted British parliamentary model, in which the average Member of
Parliament is in reality little more than voting fodder for his or her party.
But the picture is not wholly bleak as regards democracy, for although it
cannot guarantee good government, it can nevertheless prevent certain
evils, chieﬂy by ensuring that no bad government can stay in power
permanently (Power, 286).
The best thing about democracy for Russell is its association with ‘the
doctrine of personal liberty’, which he valued highly. The doctrine
consists of two aspects. The ﬁrst is that one’s liberty is protected by
requirements of due process at law, which shields one from arbitrary
arrest and punishment. The second is that there are areas of individual
action which are independent of control by the authorities, including
freedom of speech and religious belief. These freedoms are not without
110

limits; in wartime, for example, it might be necessary to curb free
speech in the interests of national security. Russell recognized that there
can indeed be much tension between the interests of society as a whole
and those of an individual who desires maximum freedom. ‘It is not
difﬁcult for a government to concede freedom of thought when it can
rely upon loyalty in action,’ he remarked, ‘but when it cannot, the
matter is more difﬁcult’ (Power, 155).
For Russell, questions of political organization are crucially questions of
economic organization. The early, pre-First World War, Russell was a
champion of free trade, and he remained a supporter of free enterprise
for the good reason that he was opposed to the over-accumulation of
economic power in any one set of hands, whether of capitalists or
governments. He saw no reason why people should not be wealthy if
Although he allied himself for most of his adult life with socialism, it was
in a particularly qualiﬁed way. The role of government in economic
affairs, he said, is to guard against economic injustices. But this is not
best done by vesting ownership or control of the means of production
in government hands, as in the Communist experiment of the Soviet
countries. Rather, Russell was attracted by what in France is called
Syndicalism and in England Guild Socialism, the theory that factories
should be managed by their own workers, and that industries should be
organized into Guilds. These would pay a tax to the state in return for
their raw materials, and otherwise would be free to arrange wages and
working conditions and to sell their products. Further, the Guilds would
between them elect a Congress, consumers of their products would
elect a Parliament, and the two together would be the national
sovereign body, determining taxes and acting as the highest court in
the land to decide the interests of workers and consumers alike (Roads
to Freedom, 91–2). To ensure that the existence of Guilds does not
compromise freedom, especially of expression, Russell proposed that a
small minimum wage should be paid to everyone irrespective of
whether or not he works, so that each could be quite independent if he
111

Politics and society

they had earned it but was hostile to the idea of inherited wealth.

chose. Anyone who wished to have more than this minimum would
work, and the more they worked the richer they could be. He shrugged
off the obvious objection that the scheme would be impossible if people
chose not to work, thus producing no tax revenue but still requiring
their minimum wage, by saying that most of them would be drawn to
work by the inducement of prosperity; and anyway conditions of work
and life generally would be pleasant under Guild Socialism, so they will
not mind doing it (ibid. 119–20).
The principle at issue in Guild Socialism is devolution of that key political
commodity, power. In Russell’s view, concentration of power, especially
in government hands, increases the likelihood of war. Its dissipation
among many groups and individuals is therefore highly desirable. ‘The
positive purposes of the State, over and above the preservation of order,
ought as far as possible to be carried out, not by the State itself, but by
Russell

independent organisations which should be left completely free so long
as they satisﬁed the State that they were not falling below a necessary
minimum’ (Principles of Social Reconstruction, 75). Russell formulated
this view relatively early in his political thinking, and kept faith with it
thereafter. In Power he argued that there is more need than ever for
safeguards against ofﬁcial tyranny, propaganda, and the police – in
connection with whom he made the original suggestion that there
should be, in effect, custodians of the custodians: one police force
should carry out the normal business of gathering evidence necessary
for arresting supposed criminals and putting them on trial, while the
other should be devoted to gathering evidence to prove those same
people innocent.
Allied to the decentralizing thrust of Russell’s politics was his hostility to
nationalism. Before the Second World War he attacked it as ‘a stupid
idea’ and ‘the most dangerous vice of our time’, which threatened the
destruction of Europe. After the Second World War he saw it repeating
itself in the Soviet Union and America, only this time – because both
possessed weapons of mass destruction – it was vastly more dangerous.
112

The only sure antidote to nationalism and the threat it poses, he argued,
is World Government.
On the face of it this belief hardly seems consistent with Russell’s
decentralizing beliefs, and he recognized the risk of placing military
might in the hands of a single universal power. But he thought it
inﬁnitely preferable to more world wars, in which weapons of ever
greater destructive capability would be used, with the likelihood of
destroying life on earth. This seemed to Russell so great an evil that
practically anything would be preferable. But a world government need
not be merely a lesser of evils. A good way of maintaining a measure of
control over it would be to devolve as much power, in all but military
respects, to the smallest local units feasible. Nevertheless, said Russell,
in the end:

decide questions, not by the legal maxims which would he applied by the
Hague tribunal, but as far as possible in the same sense in which they
would be decided by war. The function of authority should be to render
the appeal to force unnecessary, not to give decisions contrary to those
which would be reached by force.
(Principles of Social Reconstruction, 66)

How might a world government be brought into being? National
governments are unlikely to wish to surrender their sovereignty for so
utopian a vision. On Russell’s view, the most likely method is that one
power or power bloc will eventually gain control of the world, and de
facto will constitute the world government. In Cold War terms, Nato
and the Warsaw Pact – or more accurately, their respective principals –
could be seen as vying to achieve this outcome. Russell likened it to the
development of orderly government in medieval times: a king seizes
power, and then, by a process of evolution, sovereignty is brought
under more and more democratic control. He thought that such a
process might happen in the case of world government. The
113

Politics and society

[a] world-State or federation of States, if it is to be successful, will have to

‘substitution of order for anarchy in international relations, if it comes
about, will come about through the superior power of some one nation
or group of nations. And only after such a single Government has been
constituted will it be possible for the evolution towards a democratic
form of international Government to begin’. He thought this might take
a hundred years, during which the international government would
have begun to earn ‘the degree of respect that will make it possible to
base its power upon law and sentiment rather than upon force’ (New
Hopes For A Changing World, 77–8).
A theme in all Russell’s thinking about politics and government is the
problem of balancing individual freedom and the need for international
peace. But in the end the contest between them is an unequal one.
There is not only no such freedom, but not even the possibility of such
freedom, if mankind is destroyed by war. Accordingly Russell was
Russell

prepared to see freedom compromised or delayed in the interests of
saving humanity. Naturally he wished that peace and freedom could be
secured together; but his experience of men had obliged him to accept
that greed, brutality, irrationality, and other common human
characteristics make this unlikely. This thought, he wrote, often
drowned him in despair. It had done so during the First World War, as
hundreds of thousands of men were driven to useless mutual slaughter
in the mud of Europe. How much more did it do so after the Second
World War, when the potential victims of nuclear weapons are no
longer just armies, or even nations, but – at a possible worst – the entire
population of the world. From one point of view it is extraordinary how
few had the clarity to see this fact and the imagination to feel its horror.
It is greatly to Russell’s credit that he did both.

War and peace
Russell opposed the Boer War and the First World War, supported the
Allied effort in the Second World War, and laboured mightily against the
imminent possibility of a Third World War and the actuality of the
114

Vietnam War. He made war on war until his death at the age of 97. Both
his early and his late anti-war activities were greeted with hostility and
landed him in prison. Yet no one can now say he was wrong to take the
stands he did; when the jingoism and ﬂag-waving stops, and the awful
costs are counted against a soberer assessment of the reasons why they
were paid at all, people begin to see war in retrospect as Russell had the
genius to see it at the time.
Russell never changed his view that the First World War was
unnecessary. There was nothing really at issue between Germany and
Britain in 1914 except national pride and some resolvable irritation over
imperial questions. He thought that hostilities could have been avoided
by negotiation, which would have soothed Germany’s justiﬁable
annoyance that it had not fared as well in the colonial race as it might
115

Politics and society

11. This cartoon from the Evening Standard refers to the week-long prison
sentence served to Russell in September 1961, following his conviction on
public order charges brought after a large central London peace
demonstration in commemoration of Hiroshima.

have done. But the Foreign Ministries of Europe were staffed by
aristocrats motivated more by considerations of amour propre than
common sense.
Russell’s opponents in the First World War argued that Germany was
guilty of aggression and expansionism, and sought hegemony in
Europe, which threatened Britain’s liberty because, if Germany won, it
would stamp its authoritarian and bureaucratic imprint over everything.
Therefore Britain had an excellent motive to ﬁght. Russell did not accept
either the imputed motive or the likely outcome if Britain refused to
ﬁght; he thought it would most likely have been a rerun of the FrancoPrussian conﬂict of 1871, short and decisive. But even if the Kaiser won –
which would be an evil, but not so great an evil as the war itself – the
chief point for him was that to go to war one must have an
overwhelmingly good reason to do so, and no such thing existed
Russell

in 1914.
In 1939, matters were very different. During the 1930s Russell was in fact
an appeaser, as his Which Way To Peace? of 1936 testiﬁes. He would not
let this book be reprinted, however, because by the time he ﬁnished it
he had come to feel that it was insincere, and that the circumstances of
the 1930s were too different from those of 1914:
I had been able to view with reluctant acquiescence the possibility of the
supremacy of the Kaiser’s Germany. I thought that, although this would
be an evil, it would not be so great an evil as a world war and its aftermath. But Hitler’s Germany was a different matter. I found the Nazis
utterly revolting – cruel, bigoted, and stupid. Morally and intellectually
they were alike odious to me.
(A 430)

He found the thought of defeat by such people ‘unbearable, and at last
consciously and deﬁnitely decided that I must support what was
necessary for victory in the Second World War, however difﬁcult
116

victory might be to achieve, and however painful its consequences’
(ibid.).
The terrifying end to the war in the Paciﬁc, with the dropping of atom
bombs on Japanese cities, instantly alerted Russell to the fact that
something quite new had entered the calculation. In a speech to the
House of Lords in November 1945 he warned his peers of the dangers. At
ﬁrst he thought America should use its superiority in atomic weapons to
coerce the Russians into not developing them. This has been interpreted
as a demand by Russell that the United States should make a preemptive atom bomb attack on Russia; but he did not go so far. He saw
that a window of opportunity existed for the United States to institute
world government by means of its military superiority, and he urged it
to do so. Although he thought there was a good deal wrong with
to the tyranny in the Soviet Union. Indeed in the years after the Second
World War Russell’s hostility to the Soviet Union, already considerable
as a result of his visit in the early 1920s, increased. It is a measure of his
disgust at the Vietnam War just 15 years later that he came to denounce
the Americans in the same ferocious terms. The change of heart was
not, however, sudden. Macarthyism in the United States, and its
bellicose Macarthyite anti-Communist foreign policy abroad, gradually
led him to think that the Americans were a greater threat to peace than
the Soviet Union. The Cuban missile crisis of 1961 conﬁrmed him in this
view. Thereafter he was determinedly anti-American.
What altered matters for Russell on the atomic weapons question was,
ﬁrst, Soviet acquisition of the bomb in 1949, and then, in 1954, Britain’s
test explosion on Bikini Atoll. In response to the latter he made a famous
Christmas radio broadcast, ‘Man’s Peril’, warning Britain and the world
of the horrendous dangers to which everyone was now exposed. This
broadcast was a turning point; from it dated the true beginning of
campaigns against the existence of weapons of mass destruction. He
was inundated with letters. Using the momentum generated by his
117

Politics and society

America, he much preferred its generally liberal and democratic outlook

broadcast, he organized an international petition signed by leading
scientists. He never stopped demanding that Britain should scrap its
nuclear weapons, one of the reasons for doing which, he argued, is to
give a moral lead to other nations to do the same.
His views on how the danger now faced by the world should be
managed changed during the 1950s as the international situation
worsened and his own endeavours met with failure. He wrote and
broadcast; in addition to his petition he organized a conference bringing
together scientists from both sides of the Iron Curtain; and he
participated in the setting up of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament
(CND) and served as its ﬁrst President. As these peaceful and reasoned
means ran repeatedly into the brick wall of government intransigence,
he became more despairing. He resigned from CND, therefore, and
joined the much more militant Committee of 100, which began a
Russell

campaign of civil disobedience. The campaign earned him a second
prison sentence, 42 years after the ﬁrst. In all this there was little scope
for theorizing, because Russell felt there was no time for it; what was
needed was action.
In his very last years Russell’s attention was absorbed by the Vietnam
War. By now surrounded by others who made use of his name on
publications and press releases which – as their grammar as well as their
tone suggests – could not have emanated from him personally, he
attacked the United States and, in particular, its military-industrial
complex and the CIA, charging them with aggression in Vietnam and
the perpetration of war crimes. With Jean-Paul Sartre and others he
sponsored the International War Crimes Tribunal, aimed at putting
America on trial for its activities in Vietnam. At the time people thought
that the Tribunal’s charges against the United States were merely
hysterical. With the subsequent publication of US government ﬁles,
many of the charges are now known to be true.
In at least one respect there is a remarkable consistency between
118

Russell’s opposition to the First World War and his opposition to the
Vietnam War. It is that in both he thought there was no question of a
genuine good at stake, and that both were prompted by the lowest
instincts in man – the brutal, mindless, aggressive instincts, which, once
they are in control, license anything: the bombing of women and
children, the use of poison chemicals, the smokescreen of propaganda
and lies directed at the home population. At the end of his very long life
Russell must have found it appalling that between 1914 and 1970
weapons of war had grown more destructive than ever, but that
mankind had not altered one jot.

Politics and society

119

Chapter 5
Russell’s inﬂuence

If you wish to see Russell’s monument, look around you at mainstream
philosophy in the English language as it has been practised since the
years between the two world wars. Look also at logic, at the philosophy
of mathematics, at the changed moral climate of the twentieth-century
Western world, and at attempts to halt the proliferation of nuclear
weapons. The complete history of any of these matters must refer to
Russell.
In some of these respects he is just one actor among others; he was far
from alone, for example, in bringing about the century’s revolution in
morals. He was much closer to centre stage in the nuclear disarmament
campaign, as he had been in the paciﬁst movement of the First World
War.
But in philosophy his place is so pivotal that, as remarked in the opening
chapter, he is practically its wallpaper. His philosophical inheritors carry
on their philosophical work in his style, addressing problems he
identiﬁed or to which he gave contemporary shape, using tools and
techniques he developed, and all in large agreement with the aims and
assumptions he adopted. A measure of the extraordinary pervasiveness
of his inﬂuence is that many among the younger generations of
twentieth-century philosophers are barely conscious that all this is
owed to him.
120

Contemporary philosophy, said Jules Vuillemin, began with Russell’s The
Principles of Mathematics. The celebrated American philosopher W. V.
Quine, quoting this remark, varies the metaphor: for him this work is
‘the embryo of twentieth-century philosophy’ (W. V. Quine, ‘Remarks
for a Memorial Symposium’, in Pears, Bertrand Russell, 5). Quine was
himself attracted to philosophy by reading Russell. As a young man his
ﬁrst education in logic, science, and philosophy was provided by
Russell’s books; like many others he felt their ‘drawing power’, and was
lured by them ﬁrst into the study of logic and the philosophy of
mathematics, and then into the theory of knowledge and philosophy of
science. ‘The authentic scientiﬁc ring of Russell’s logic echoed in his
epistemology of natural knowledge,’ Quine wrote. ‘The echo was
especially clear in 1914, in Our Knowledge of the External World. That book
ﬁred some of us, and surely Carnap for one, with new hopes for
Logical Atomism and both The Analysis of Mind and The Analysis of Matter
as seminal works; ‘there is no missing [their] relevance to the Western
scientiﬁc philosophy of the century’ (ibid.). And there is no missing the
relevance to Russell’s philosophy, in turn, of his logic – ‘Russell’s name is
inseparable from mathematical logic, which owes him much’ –
especially the Theory of Descriptions and the Theory of Types.
Russell invented Type Theory to overcome the paradoxes he had
discovered while trying to place mathematics on logical foundations.
During his efforts to solve this problem he canvassed a number of
alternatives, including one which, ironically, was later to carry the day in
set theory – in a version worked out by Ernst Zermelo – thus displacing
the theory Russell eventually devised. But his theory of types was
immensely inﬂuential in philosophy nevertheless. Its motivating idea
was adapted by the Logical Positivists of the 1920s and 1930s in
mounting their attack on metaphysics, and Gilbert Ryle applied a
different version of it to the elimination of ‘category mistakes’, the kind
of mistake exempliﬁed by someone’s thinking that the University of
Oxford is an entity additional to all the colleges and institutions
121

Russell’s inﬂuence

phenomenalism’ (ibid. 2–3). To that book Quine adds the lectures on

comprising it. In Quine’s view the theory of types also inﬂuenced
Edmund Husserl and, along with other aspects of Russell’s logic, the
great Polish logicians Stanislaw Lesniewski and Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz
(Pears, Russell, 4).
To this must be added the importance of the Theory of Descriptions.
Quine states:
Russell’s logical theory of descriptions was philosophically important
both for its direct bearing on philosophical issues having to do with
meaning and reference, and for its illustrative value as a paradigm of
philosophical analysis. Russell’s theory of logical types established new
trends at once in the metaphysics of ontological categories, in the
antimetaphysics of logical positivism, and, overspilling philosophy at the
far edge, in structural linguistics. Is it any wonder that Vuillemin sees
Russell

Russell’s work in logic as inaugurating contemporary philosophy’?
(Pears, Russell, 4–5)

When Russell died Gilbert Ryle gave an obituary address to the
Aristotelian Society, the chief British philosophical club, to which
Russell, beginning in 1896, had often read papers. In it Ryle identiﬁed
the respects in which, in his view, Russell’s work had given twentiethcentury philosophy ‘its whole trajectory’ (‘Bertrand Russell: 1872–1970’,
reprinted in Roberts, Bertrand Russell Memorial Volume). One was ‘a new
style of philosophical work that Russell, I think virtually single-handedly,
brought into the tactics of philosophical thinking’ (ibid. 16). This was
the use of difﬁcult cases to test philosophical theses, a form of
conceptual experimentation aimed at subjecting the claims and
concepts of philosophy to scrutiny. For example, in his paper
‘Mathematical Logic as based on the Theory of Types’ Russell lists seven
contradictions demanding solution by a competent theory, and offers it
as a test of adequacy for his theory of types that it succeeds in dealing
with them all. This technique is now a commonplace of philosophical
method. ‘Thought experiments’ are devised to put a view through its
122

12. Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889–1951), Russell’s pupil while in Cambridge
before the war.

paces – as in ethics, for example, where a principle is applied to a variety
of increasingly difﬁcult cases to see whether it accommodates them; or
in discussions of the important forensic and metaphysical concept of
personal identity, where imaginative ‘survival tests’ are invented to see
whether we would count the persons who go into and come out of
them as the ‘same person’.
But even more important, in Ryle’s view, is the way Russell introduced
into philosophy the discipline of formal logic. ‘It was due to him, as well
as, to a lesser degree, to Frege and Whitehead, that some training in
post-Aristotelian formal logic came fairly soon to be regarded as a sine
qua non for the philosopher-to-be’ (ibid. 19). Ryle was well placed to
know; he had been instrumental in ensuring that this happened in the
Oxford curriculum. And the reason for a training in logic is that it
introduces rigour and promises insights of the kind exempliﬁed in
Russell

Russell’s theories of descriptions and types. Like Quine, Ryle cites the
latter as especially important in illustrating how sense might be
distinguished from nonsense, thus, in his view, separately inﬂuencing
the early Wittgenstein and the Logical Positivists.
Vuillemin nominated Russell’s ﬁrst major attempt to provide
mathematics with logical foundations as the crucible of analytic
philosophy. This is no doubt correct, in the sense that, in preliminary
and sometimes inchoate form, Russell there made his preliminary
identiﬁcation of its main methods and problems. But Quine is also
right to say that it is the whole span of Russell’s works, both books
and papers, between 1900 and, say, 1930, on which analytic
philosophy rests. In some of these places, however, the germs of later
work are more immediately obvious. Take for example the second
chapter of Our Knowledge of the External World, entitled ‘Logic as the
Essence of Philosophy’. This chapter is an illustrative document in two
ways. First, it is one of the clearest statements of the aims,
motivations, and methods of Russell’s style of analysis. Secondly, it
contains a sketch of the philosophical project which Wittgenstein
124

adopted in his Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, showing how ideas take
seed and develop.
Russell begins the second chapter of OKEW by asserting that the
problems of philosophy ‘all reduce themselves, in so far as they are
genuinely philosophical, to problems of logic’ (OKEW 42). By this he
means that philosophical problems can be clariﬁed and dispelled by
application of the techniques of elementary mathematical logic, which
‘enable us to deal easily with more abstract conceptions than mere
verbal reasoning can enumerate; they suggest fruitful hypotheses
which otherwise could hardly be thought of; and they enable us to
see quickly what is the smallest store of materials with which a given
logical or scientiﬁc ediﬁce can be constructed’ (OKEW 51). In
particular, the theories of perception and knowledge which he goes

chieﬂy in play is the idea that logic enables us to specify the forms of
facts and the propositions which express them. The paradigm of an
analysis that solves a major problem by revealing the form of a
proposition is, as ever, the Theory of Descriptions. Even earlier, Russell
had employed formal analysis to show that not all propositions are
subject-predicate in form, but rather are relational; which by itself, in
his view, had refuted idealism and justiﬁed the assumption of
pluralism.
In discussing relations in chapter 2 of OKEW Russell observes that they
can only be properly understood if a classiﬁcation of the logical forms of
facts is available. This is where the anticipatory sketch of Wittgenstein’s
Tractatus occurs. The suggestion is not that Russell learned it from
Wittgenstein, who during the two years before Russell wrote this
chapter was his pupil in Cambridge; but rather, the other way round:
Wittgenstein learned these ideas from Russell. The grounds for this
claim are given shortly. First, it is necessary to remind oneself of the
argument of Wittgenstein’s Tractatus. Using Wittgenstein’s own words
125

Russell’s inﬂuence

on to offer in later chapters of OKEW are ‘inspired by mathematical
logic, and could never have been imagined without it’ (ibid.). What is

and system of numbering rearranged (here to show the structure of the
argument), the fundamental theses of the Tractatus are:
1.

The world is all that is the case.

1.1

The world is the totality of facts, not of things.

2.

What is the case – a fact – is the existence of states of affairs.

2.01 A state of affairs (a state of things) is a combination of objects
(things).
2.02 Objects are simple.

Parallel to this austere description of the world’s structure is a
description of the corresponding structure of thought as expressed in

Russell

propositions, a relation Wittgenstein calls ‘picturing’.
4.

A logical picture of facts is a thought.

3.1

In a proposition a thought ﬁnds an expression that can be
perceived by the senses.

3.201 In a proposition a thought can be expressed in such a way that the
elements of the propositional sign correspond to the objects of
the thought.
5.

A proposition is a truth-function of elementary propositions.

4.21 The simplest kind of propositions, an elementary proposition,
asserts the existence of a state of affairs.

And so on, with increasing detail. It goes without saying that the logical
ideas which underlie these theses are of course familiar from earlier
work by Russell; but they relate principally to the notion of structure
and the means of their analysis, as exempliﬁed m the Theory of
Descriptions. Much more striking is the actual content of the views
respectively expressed by Wittgenstein in the Tractatus and Russell in
the second chapter of OKEW. In this chapter Russell writes:
The existing world consists of many things with many qualities and
relations, A complete description of the existing world would require not
126

only a catalogue of the things, but also a mention of all their qualities and
relations. . . . when I speak of a ‘fact’, I do not mean one of the simple
things in the world; I mean that a certain thing has a certain quality, or
that certain things have a certain relation . . . Now a fact, in this sense, is
never simple, but always has two or more constituents . . . Given any
fact, there is a proposition which expresses the fact, [such a proposition]
will he called an atomic proposition, because, as we shall see
immediately,

there

are

other

propositions

into

which

atomic

propositions enter in a way analogous to that in which atoms enter into
molecules . . . In order to preserve the parallelism in language as regards
facts and propositions, we shall give the name ‘atomic facts’ to the facts
we have hitherto been considering.
(OKEW 60–1, 62)

Now Russell’s account here is simply a sketch, and it is informally
presented. In the Tractatus Wittgenstein sets out his theses in more
detail, and in the systematically numbered format which gives it the
appearance of rigour, although it is in fact only in part an argument.
And Wittgenstein is careful to detach his account of the parallel worldlanguage structures from any epistemological considerations, whereas
Russell gives concrete examples of facts, qualities, and relations: an
example of an atomic fact is ‘this is red’, of a molecular fact ‘it is
Monday and it is raining’.
That the basis of Wittgenstein’s Tractatus derives from these ideas of
Russell’s can be shown by the fact that the sketch in Russell’s chapter
recapitulates a longer account he attempted to give in a manuscript
now called Theory of Knowledge (this title was conferred on it when it
was posthumously reconstructed and published). Russell was engaged
on this work during 1913 while Wittgenstein was his pupil. He showed it
to Wittgenstein, who criticized its discussions of acquaintance and
judgement. ‘Acquaintance’, as described earlier, is Russell’s name for
127

Russell’s inﬂuence

And so on.

fundamental cognitive relations between a subject and objects of
various kinds; ‘judgement’ is a complex relation roughly describable as
accepting a proposition as true in virtue of acquaintance with its
constituents. We do not know the details of Wittgenstein’s criticisms;
when Russell reported them in a letter he said: ‘We were both cross
from the heat. I showed him a crucial part of what I had been writing.
He said it was all wrong, not realising the difﬁculties – that he had tried
my view and knew it wouldn’t work. I couldn’t understand his objection –
in fact be was very inarticulate – but I feel in my bones that he must be
right.’ Largely for this reason Russell published only part of the
manuscript, and some years later gave up the concept of acquaintance
which is central to it. But the basic plan – of molecular propositions
analysable into atomic constituents, which express facts parallel in
structure, with the relation between facts and propositions
underwriting our understanding of the latter – remains in the sketch
Russell

given in the second chapter of OKEW; and it is the skeleton upon which
Wittgenstein puts somewhat different ﬂesh in the Tractatus.
It is not surprising that Wittgenstein’s views should derive from Russell
in this way. Russell was in effect the only philosophical teacher
Wittgenstein had, and, with rather few identiﬁable exceptions, Russell’s
work was his principal philosophical reading. His friend David Pinsent
wrote in his diary: ‘it is obvious that Wittgenstein is one of Russell’s
disciples and owes enormously to him.’ It is clear then that one of the
ﬁrst philosophical offshoots from Russell’s work was Wittgenstein’s
Tractatus. It can be argued that in complex and, this time, negative ways
Russell is one of the chief inﬂuences on Wittgenstein’s later philosophy
also.
If the catalogue of Russell’s inﬂuences included no more than the names
already mentioned – Quine, Carnap, the Logical Positivists,
Wittgenstein, and Ryle; to which, by his own avowal as in the case of
Quine, is to be added that of A. J. Ayer – it would be proof positive of
Vuillemin’s claim that Russell is the founder and presiding spirit of
128

twentieth-century analytic philosophy. But there is much more to be
said on that score; and there is also the fact that there are those who
award the palm elsewhere. Both points merit discussion.
There is unhappily no index to the collection of Russell’s papers edited
by R. C. Marsh under the title Logic and Knowledge. This collection brings
together some of Russell’s most important and consequential essays,
most of which, in turn, are required reading for analytic philosophers.
They include ‘The Logic of Relations’, ‘On Denoting’, ‘Mathematical
Logic as Based on the Theory of Types’, ‘On the Nature of
Acquaintance’, ‘The Philosophy of Logical Atomism’, ‘On Propositions:
What They Are and How They Mean’, and others. In the absence of an
index a close student of these papers is likely to make his own pencil
index on the end-papers of his copy of the book. Looking through my
collection of Russell’s work – descriptions, denoting, types, logical
ﬁctions, analysis, acquaintance, sense-data, relations, universals,
particulars, facts, propositions, and so on – but also a list of what looks
like some of analytic philosophy’s special obsessions: propositional
attitudes, modality and possible worlds, vagueness, naturalism, truthfunctionality, the nature of mind, veriﬁcation, truth, existence,
meaning, and much more. A very great deal of this comes from Russell
himself, and in focus and range his work therefore constitutes a marked
change of direction in the history of philosophy. Even the ﬁve
contemporaries Russell most frequently cites in acknowledgements –
and he was extraordinarily generous, indeed overgenerous, in
attributing the source of his inspirations to others – namely, Peano,
Frege, Whitehead, Moore, and William James, only one is comparable in
discussing this kind and (to a lesser degree) range of topics, and that is
Frege.
But although Frege inﬂuenced Russell, and did brilliant work in the
philosophy of mathematics and language, his inﬂuence on Russell was
less than one might suppose: for Russell did not understand Frege when
129

Russell’s inﬂuence

own I ﬁnd references not only to the topics one would expect in a

he ﬁrst read him, and had to rediscover some of Frege’s views for
himself before he grasped their signiﬁcance; and even then, on certain
crucial points such as Frege’s distinction between sense and reference,
he did not take Frege’s point and drew a different and less happy
distinction of his own. Moreover Frege’s focus, though deeper, was
narrower than Russell’s, so Russell’s application of the new ideas in
mathematical logic to wider concerns of philosophy was effectively
without precedent. The originality of Russell’s contributions is therefore
great.
Russell’s inﬂuence worked in other ways too. In the third chapter of
OKEW he approached the problem of accounting for spatial perception
by constructing a ‘model hypothesis’ as a possible explanation of how
the highly perspectival private spaces experienced by individuals in
vision and touch come to be commensurate with the private spaces of
Russell

others in public space. He did this by setting up a model and then
‘paring away what is superﬂuous in our hypothesis, leaving a residue
which may be regarded as the abstract answer to our problem’ (OKEW
94). He takes us step by step through a construction showing how to
overcome an important apparent discrepancy between the world of
sense and the world of physics. A similar technique was adopted later by
P. F. Strawson in his book Individuals, where he used it in constructing a
purely auditory world to explore the concepts of basic particulars and
reidentiﬁcation. And it was used by A. J. Ayer in his Central Questions of
Philosophy to determine how much in the way of perceptual and
conceptual capacities we must grant a perceiver as a basis for his having
perceptual experience. There are other examples besides.
One striking feature of Russell’s legacy is that it is almost wholly
philosophical rather than logical or mathematical. This fact requires
explanation. G. T. Kneebone remarked: ‘For all the inspiration that
Principia Mathematica has communicated to the logicians and
philosophers of the twentieth century, and for all its rich fecundity as a
source of concepts and symbolic devices, this great work remains, in the
130

literature of the foundations of mathematics, a lone classic without
progeny.’ This assessment is not strictly true; the felicities of logical
notation introduced by Principia form the basis of what is now standard,
and there have been versions of some of Principia’s technicalities, for
example Quine’s version of type theory. But it is broadly true, and this is
what invites comment. Brieﬂy, what might be said is this: during and
after the period in which Principia was written there was an explosion in
mathematical and logical research, which it is fair to say quickly
rendered Principia obsolete. A variety of logics was formulated, logicfree formalizations of arithmetic were discovered, logic and set-theory
both turned out to be relative (that is, developments in various
approaches showed that there is no unique or ‘absolute’ logic or set
theory), Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory displaced type-theoretic set
theory, and Kurt Gödel’s incompleteness theorem, which in essence
Russell’s logicist hope of explaining the source and justiﬁcation of
mathematical knowledge in logical terms.
Accordingly, the project of Principia, and Russell’s attempts to overcome
the technical difﬁculties in the way of carrying it out, are valuable chieﬂy
because of their ‘spin-offs’ for philosophy rather than for their place in
the history of mathematics. The same is true of the work of Frege,
except that some of his technical innovations in the formalities of logic
were immensely important for its subsequent development.
Frege is the other great thinker at the beginning of the twentieth
century who is credited with founding analytic philosophy. The scholar
who puts Frege at the centre of the century’s philosophical map,
Michael Dummett, argues that the essence of analytic philosophy is the
claim that in order to understand how we think about the world, we
must examine language, because language is our only route to thought.
This makes the philosophy of language central, displacing the theory of
knowledge which, since at least Descartes’s time, had held this position.
And this displacement of theory of knowledge by philosophy of
131

Russell’s inﬂuence

states that neither mathematics nor logic can be axiomatized, blocks

language owes itself, says Dummett, to Frege. Frege had embarked on
the same programme as Russell – beginning two decades earlier – of
basing mathematics on logic. He found the logical tools available to him
hopelessly inadequate for the task. So he set about inventing new ones,
and succeeded. His innovations both simpliﬁed logic and greatly
extended its power. But he also saw that he would have to example
notions of reference, truth, and meaning to carry out his project, and
this, says Dummett is where a turn to the philosophy of language
began.
Without question Frege’s work is of the ﬁrst importance in philosophy.
It is also without question that Frege inﬂuenced Russell, although in the
equivocal way sketched a few paragraphs above. But it is hard to agree
with Dummett’s claim of historical priority for Frege – and not just
because Dummett’s conception of analytic philosophy is unrealistically
Russell

restrictive. The fact is that Frege’s work was very little known during his
own lifetime (he died in 1925), and Russell was almost alone in trying to
bring it to wider notice. Even then, it was not until the 1950s – and really
not until the ﬁrst of Dummett’s major studies of Frege in the 1960s –
that the full import of his work was appreciated. On the purely historical
question it would be more correct to say that the outstanding value of
Frege’s ideas is a function of their theoretical rather than their historical
importance. For quite a lot of Russell’s work – his theories of perception
and knowledge, his philosophies of mind and science – it would be fair
to say that the reverse is true: theft importance is historical rather than
theoretical. But some of Russell’s work, as we have seen, combines both
theoretical and historical value, and that is why it is seminal for analytic
philosophy.
The claims of G. E. Moore to a founding role in analytic philosophy are
also sometimes advanced, and not without cause. Russell, in his
generous way, attributed his emergence from idealism to the inﬂuence
of Moore, and there is no doubt that Moore’s philosophical
temperament and methods had an effect on him. Moore claimed that
132

whereas most philosophers began to philosophize because of wonder,
his reason for doing so was that he found what other philosophers said
astonishing. His technique was to search for deﬁnitions of the key terms
or concepts under discussion in some area of philosophical enquiry. He
required of deﬁnition that the deﬁniens (the statement of deﬁnition)
should be synonymous with the deﬁniendum (the expression or
concept being deﬁned) but contain no terms in common with it. The
trouble with this is that even if such deﬁnitions were possible – and
there is doubt that they are, even in the case of lexical deﬁnitions such
as are commonplace in dictionaries – they constitute only one kind of
deﬁnition, and the other kinds, for example analytic deﬁnitions
(deﬁning something by describing its structure or function) and
deﬁnitions in use (allowing something to explain itself by showing it at
work), are often not only more practical but more revealing; and
the existence and utility of other kinds of deﬁnitions, but regarded his
preferred kind as the ideal; and he also held that in the case of certain
fundamental philosophical notions, such as that of ‘goodness’ in ethics,
no deﬁnition is possible: such things are indeﬁnable and primitive, and
theory must begin with them rather than attempt to explain them.
Again without doubt, Moore’s style and personality were important in
the early years of analytic philosophy. In the introduction to OKEW
Russell wrote that analysis introduced into philosophy what Galileo had
introduced into physics: ‘the substitution of piecemeal, detailed and
veriﬁable results for large untested generalities recommended only by a
certain appeal to the imagination’. This could equally well serve as a
characterization of Moore’s painstaking style of philosophy, in which he
takes a claim or idea and worries away at it endlessly until it is in its
component pieces, neatly laid out. It is not a dashing style, but it is
effective in its limited way. Moore had quite a number of imitators, but
his aims and methods were chieﬂy critical; he did not make any
philosophical discoveries. His main legacy is that he gave currency to
the notion of a ‘naturalistic fallacy’ in ethics, which is to deﬁne the
133

Russell’s inﬂuence

therefore philosophically more valuable. Moore of course recognized

moral property of goodness in terms of some natural property like
pleasure. The measure of a philosopher’s inﬂuence is the use made of
his methods and ideas after he introduced them; by this measure
Moore’s place at the beginning of twentieth-century philosophy does
not compare with Russell’s. He did, however, help to set the analytical
mood, and his famous mannerism – the shocked intake of breath with
which he greeted philosophical remarks that seemed to him bizarre –
helped to make generations of pupils and colleagues think much more
carefully before they spoke or wrote.
In the foregoing discussion the implication might seem to be that
analytic philosophy is a recent phenomenon. In the sense that many of
its contemporary inspirations and techniques are drawn from the
fundamentals of the new logic, this is true; but in another and equally
important sense it represents a direct development of the tradition of
Russell

Hume, Berkeley, Locke, and Aristotle. The ﬁrst two of these thinkers –
and especially the second – together with Leibniz provided Russell with
much of his philosophical outlook. It is not difﬁcult to see the similarity
between Russell and Aristotle, for the latter based his metaphysics on
his logic, and developed his logic for the purpose, just as Russell did.
No assessment of Russell as a philosopher can ignore the fact that, too
often, his work is much less rigorous and careful than it would have
been had he observed his own methodological counsels. There are
indeed some notorious stretches of carelessness and superﬁciality in his
work, and it is a standing wonder in the philosophical profession that his
most successful and widely read book, A History of Western Philosophy,
arguably the source of most people’s knowledge of philosophy, is –
despite its many other virtues – in a number of places woefully
inadequate as philosophical discussion. He made mistakes which
students are now on their guard against in their earliest essays; for
example, the ‘use-mention’ distinction, which marks the large
difference between actually using an expression and talking about it. In
the preceding sentence I used the word ‘expression’; I am now
134

mentioning it, marking the fact by enclosing it in quotation marks.
There are many occasions in philosophical debate where the distinction
is crucial, a point that can be simply made by noting that very different
things are meant by ‘Cicero has six letters’ and ‘ “Cicero” has six letters’.
Russell’s occasional insouciance about the need to be ﬁnicky (an
inescapable duty in philosophy, if one is to be exact, clear, and
rigorous: philosophy also requires imagination and creativity, but
unless imagination is combined with precision it gets no one far) has
irritated some. Reviewing Human Knowledge, Norman Malcolm
described it as ‘the patter of a conjurer’. Paradoxically, Russell raised
standards a long way in philosophical debate, but by the exigent levels
those standards have reached, he is himself now sometimes found
wanting.

beguiling us with his wit, such problems as he causes are not very great
if the reader is alert. In any case Russell was aware of the fact that he
sometimes went too fast. He was impatient with the kind of pedantry
that is happy only when up to its neck in footnotes. He was anxious for
practical results, for a working, stable view of the best grounding in
experience that science can have. In some of his later work especially,
his attitude was that if the larger outlines of a theory were plotted, its
details could be ﬁlled in later. Even then his ideas are stimulating and
sometimes novel.
But these remarks, one notes, apply only to Russell in a hurry, working
in charcoal rather than oils. At his best his philosophical work is rich,
detailed, ingenious, and profound. This is particularly true of what he
wrote in the period between 1900 and 1914. The papers collected in
Logic and Knowledge speak for themselves in this respect. What R. L.
Goodstein says of some of the work in Principia – ‘In certain respects the
Principia represents a peak of intellectual attainment; in particular the
135

Russell’s inﬂuence

These complaints are, however, minor. In most cases where Russell sails
rapidly past qualiﬁcations and minutiae in his marvellous prose,

ramiﬁed theory of types with the axiom of reducibility is as subtle and
ingenious a concept as is to be found anywhere in the whole literature
of logic and mathematics’ (‘Post Principia’, in Roberts, Russell Memorial
Volume, 128) – can be applied to some of Russell’s more important
philosophical writings. This is high praise indeed.
The graph of reputation has an almost invariable curve. It rises during
life, and even if it dips in the fading years it makes a jump at the time
of obituaries and memorials. Then it plunges and lies ﬂat for a
generation. But at length it rises again and ﬁnds its proper level in the
estimation of posterity. Russell died in 1970; in the decades since then
his name – but not, as much in the foregoing pages shows, his real
inﬂuence – has been present only in particular connection with those
topics in philosophy where his work is central: chieﬂy in discussion of
reference and descriptions, in analyses of existence, and in the recent
Russell

history of the theory of perception. One reason for this sidelining into
footnotes is that for a time the later philosophy of Wittgenstein (who
bucks the trend of the graph; immediately after his death there were
three decades of enthusiastic discipleship, but his gifts as a philosopher –
great though they are – are now more soberly appreciated) opposed
something quite different to the Russellian style of analysis. In fact,
most people working in philosophy continued in Russell’s style, but the
celebrity of Wittgensteinian ideas and the energy of his disciples
almost gave the contrary impression. The key here is Ryle’s remark
that Russell did not seek or desire to found a school of disciples:
‘Russell taught us not to think his thoughts but how to move in our
own philosophical thinking. In one way no one is now or will ever again
be a Russellian; but in another way every one of us is now something of
a Russellian.’
Generally speaking, thinkers accumulate disciples when they offer
attractive-sounding answers to the great questions of philosophy
(which, in more popular garb, are the great questions of life). Russell
was sceptical about answers, although he vigorously sought them. In
136

13. Portrait of Russell.

the conclusion of The Problems of Philosophy, speaking of the value of
philosophy, he wrote:
Philosophy is to be studied, not for the sake of any deﬁnite answers to its
questions, since no deﬁnite answers can, as a rule, be known to be true,
but rather for the sake of the questions themselves, because these
questions enlarge our conception of what is possible, enrich our
intellectual imagination, and diminish the dogmatic assurance which
closes the mind against speculation; but above all because, through the
greatness of the universe which philosophy contemplates, the mind also
is rendered great, and becomes capable of that union with the universe
which constitutes the highest good.

By whichever measure one chooses, Russell, who contemplated many
universes, is a great mind. He changed the course of philosophy and
Russell

gave it a new character. There are very few ﬁgures in history of whom,
with respect to their own sphere of activity, this can be said. And even
then, some of these achieved it by accident or one momentary
endeavour, as did – for good and ill respectively – Alexander Fleming
and Gavrilo Princip. Russell, in contrast, achieved it by monumental
means: in many books, articles, and lectures, over many years, across
many continents. In the company of such as Aristotle, Newton, Darwin,
and Einstein he is, therefore, a truly epic ﬁgure.

138

Further reading

Russell’s works remain their own best introduction, but there is a large
literature on Russell and the various aspects of his philosophy, some
of which carries much further the debates he started. A. J. Ayer’s
Bertrand Russell (Fontana, 1972) and Russell and Moore; The Analytical
Heritage (Harvard University Press, 1971) provide a sympathetic
introduction. R. M. Sainsbury’s Russell (Routledge, 1979) gives an
absorbing technical discussion of Russell’s central work. Peter Hylton’s
Russell, Idealism and the Emergence of Analytic Philosophy (Clarendon
Press, 1990) is essential reading for any serious study of Russell’s
thought. Nicholas Grifﬁn’s Russell’s Idealist Apprenticeship (Clarendon
Press, 1991) is an excellent detailed study of Russell’s early work in
philosophy.
There are a number of collections of essays on aspects of Russell’s work.
E. D. Klemke (ed.), Essays on Bertrand Russell (University of Illinois Press,
1971), D. F. Pears (ed.), Bertrand Russell (Anchor Books, 1972), G. W.
Roberts (ed.), Bertrand Russell Memorial Volume (Allen & Unwin, 1979),
P. A. Schilpp (ed.), The Philosophy of Bertrand Russell, 3rd edn. (Tudor
Publishing, 1951), are to be found in most academic libraries and
between them cover much ground.
Alan Ryan’s Bertrand Russell: A Political Life (Penguin Books, 1988) is
excellent on the ‘applied’ side of Russell’s activities.
139

Other works cited in the main text are: Michael Dummett, Frege:
Philosophy of Language, 2nd edn. (Duckworth, 1981); A. J. Ayer, Central
Questions of Philosophy (Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1973); William James,
Essays in Radical Empiricism (Longmans, 1912); P. F. Strawson, ‘On
Referring’, Mind (1950), reprinted in Strawson, Logico-Linguistic Papers
(Methuen, 1971), and Individuals (Methuen, 1959); and F. H. Bradley,

Russell

Appearance and Reality (Oxford University Press, 1897).

140

Index

Ayer, A. J. 23, 56, 128, 130

B
Barnes, Dr 25
BBC (British Broadcasting
Corporation) 26
Beacon Hill School, Cornwall
21–2, 105, 106–8
behaviourism 73
Berkeley, Bishop George 2, 6, 34
Bible 103
Black, Dora 18–19, 21, 22, 99, 105
Boer War 114
Bolshevism 15, 18
Boole, George 37
Bradley, F. H. 7, 34, 35
British Academy 26
Broad, Charles 30
Bryn Mawr College 14, 25
bullying 108

A
a priori knowledge 52–3, 55,
79–80, 82
A.B.C. of Atoms, The (Russell) 20
A.B.C. of Relativity, The (Russell) 20
acquaintance (immediate
knowledge) 52, 65, 68,
127–8
agnoticism 12, 100
algebra 37
Allen, Clifford (later Lord Allen of
Hurtwood) 16
Amberley, Viscount (father) 2–4
Amberley Papers, The (Russell) 23
An Inquiry into Meaning and Truth
(Russell) 32
Analysis of Matter, The (Russell)
20, 32, 65, 76, 78
Analysis of Mind, The (Russell) 17,
32, 59, 65, 70, 74–5
analytic philosophy 1–2, 124, 129,
131–4
anti-realism 71
appearance-reality distinction 56
Aristotelian Society 122
Aristotle 86, 134
atomic propositions 62–3
atomism, see logical atomism
Authority and the Individual
(Russell) 27
axioms 6, 29
of reducibility 40–3, 136

C
Cambridge University Press 11
Carnap, Rudolf 24, 121, 128
causality 72, 76
childhood 105–6
children 20–2, 23
China 18–19
Christianity 102–3
civil disobedience 118
classes, notion of 39–40, 41
CND (Campaign for Nuclear
Disarmament) 28, 118
Cold War 15, 26
common-sense 80–4
141

Commonsense and Nuclear
Warfare (Russell) 28
Communism 117
Conquest of Happiness, The
(Russell) 20, 205
consciousness 70–5
Cuban missile crisis (1961) 117

existence 47–8
experience and realism 34–5

F
facts 64–5
female suffrage 12
Finch, Edith 27
First World War 14–16, 114,
115–16, 119
free trade 111
Freedom and Organization
1814–1914 (Russell) 23
freedom of speech 110–11
Frege, Gottlob 2, 37, 39, 40,
129–30, 131, 132
fundamentalism 15

Russell

D
deﬁniendum 133
deﬁnitive descriptions 43–50
democracy 110–11
derivative (by descriptions)
knowledge 52, 53, 65
Descartes, René 2, 29, 56, 57, 84
Descriptions, Theory of 43–50,
122, 125, 126
desires, good and bad 91–2
Dewey, John 19
Donnellan, Keith 49
Dummett, Michael 131–2

G
general propositions 63
geometry 6, 7, 9, 29
George VI, King 26
German idealism 34
German Social Democracy
(Russell) 86
Germans/Germany 15, 16, 23, 26,
115–16
God 34, 100–1
Gödel, Kurt 25, 43
Goodstein, R. L. 135
Green, T. H. 34
Guild Socialism 86, 111–12

E
economics 111–12
education 104–8
Education and the Social Order
(Russell) 108
Einstein, Albert 25
Eliot, T. S. 13–14
empiricism 50, 63–4, 66–9
epistemology 83–4, see also
knowledge
ethics 85–6, 97–8, 124, 133–4
evaluation, ethical 93–4
events 77–9

H
hallucinations 71
hard data 57
142

intuitive knowledge 53, 57

Hardy, G. H. 17
Harvard University 13, 25, 31
Has Man a Future? (Russell) 28
Hearst Press 23, 95
Hegel, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich
7, 30
Hegelianism 9
History of Western Philosophy, A
(Russell) 25, 134
Hitler, Adolf 23
Holocaust 15, 90, 94
homosexuality 94
House of Lords 117
Human Knowledge: Its Scope and
Limits (Russell) 26, 32, 59,
76, 79–84, 135
Human Society in Ethics and
Politics (Russell) 27, 86,
90, 94
Hume, David 2, 52, 71, 72, 80

J
James, William 69–70, 71–2, 73,
129
Jesus Christ 102
Joachim, Harold 35
judgement
acquaintance and 127–8
moral 90–2

K

L
Labour Party 86
language 43–50, 61–9, 131–2
Lawrence, D. H. 17–18
Leibniz, Gottfried Wilhelm 2, 9,
37
leisure 109–10
Locke, John 6, 50, 76
logic 124, 130–1
mathematics 9–11, 29, 31,
37–43, 124–5
theory of descriptions 43–50,
122, 125, 126
Logic and Knowledge (Russell)
129
logical atomism 61–9

I
idealism 7, 9, 30–1, 71, 72, 73, 125
rejection of 34–7
imagination 71
In Praise of Idleness (Russell) 23
Inquiry into Meaning and Truth, An
(Russell) 23
intentionality (aboutness) 70, 74
International War Crimes
Tribunal 28, 118
‘intrinsic value’ 92–3
Introduction to Mathematical
Philosophy, An (Russell) 17,
32
143

Index

Kant, Immanuel 7, 55, 80,
102
Kay, Mrs 24
Kneebone, G. T. 130
knowing 72, 82
knowledge 50–3, 74, 79–84, 127

Russell

M

names, theory of 68
nationalism 15, 112
naturalistic fallacy 133–4
Nazism 15, 23, 94
negative theory (on education)
108
neutral monism 65, 69–75
Newman, M. H. A. 78
No Conscription Fellowship 16
Nobel Prize 27, 95, 96, 99
non-demonstrative inference 32,
60
nuclear weapons 15, 27–8, 112–13,
117–18
number theory 39–42

Macarthyism 117
McTaggart, J. M. E. 6, 89
Malcolm, Norman 135
Malleson, Lady Constance
(Colette O’Neil) 16
marriage 98–9
Marriage and Morals (Russell) 20,
95, 96–9
Marsh, R. C. 129
Marxism 86
masturbation 108
materialism 74
mathematics
geometry 6, 7, 9, 29
logic 9–11, 29, 31, 37–43, 124–5
Russell’s legacy 130–1
Type Theory 40–3, 121, 124
Meinong, Alexius von 44, 70, 71
memory 74
mental entities 32
Mill, John Stuart 2–3, 6
mind 34, 59, 69–71, 73
monarchy 108–9
monism 34–6, 65
Monist, The (journal) 18
Montessori method 105
Moore, G. E. 2, 7, 9, 30, 31, 34,
89, 129, 132–4
morality 90–2, 95–100, 102, 103
Morrell, Lady Ottoline 12–13
My Philosophical Development
(Russell) 27, 74

O
objectivism/subjectivism 90–2
Ockham’s razor principle 37, 65
oligarchies 109
On Education (Russell) 20, 105,
108
open marriages 99
opinions 53
Our Knowledge of the External
World (Russell) 13, 31, 32,
57, 61–2, 121, 124–5, 126–7,
130
Outline of Philosophy, An (Russell)
20, 90

P
paciﬁsm 10, 14–18, 23, 27–8, 114–19
paradox 39–40, 42
parenthood 105

N
naive realism 36
144

parliamentary government 110
Pascal’s wager 101
Pauli, Wolfgang 25
Peano, Giuseppe 2, 9–10, 31, 37,
129
perception 50–3, 70, 74, 75–9
personal liberty 110–11, 114
phenomenalism 31–2, 76
physics 32, 59, 65, 73, 75
Pinsent, David 128
Plato 97
pluralism 7, 34–5, 125
politics 12, 86–8, 108–14
Portraits From Memory (Russell)
27
postulates 80–4
power 112
Power, A New Social Analysis
(Russell) 23
presupposition, notion of 48–9
Price, H. H. 56
Princeton University 25
Principia Mathematica (Russell) 6,
11, 31, 38, 40, 130–1
Principles of Mathematics, The
(Russell) 10, 11, 31, 33, 37,
40, 44
Principles of Social Reconstruction
(Russell) 17, 113
Problems of Philosophy, The
(Russell) 12, 31, 50, 54, 57,
63, 75, 138
propositions 35–6, 43, 62–3, 70,
125, 128
Protestantism 103
psychology 73, 75

Pugwash Conference 28

Q
Quine, W. V. 121–2, 124, 128, 131

R

145

Index

ramiﬁed theory of types, see
Type Theory
Ramsey, F. P. 41, 42
real numbers, see number theory
realism 7, 32, 34–6, 44–5, 75–9
reducibility, axiom of 41–2, 136
Reith Lectures 26, 27
relations 35–6
religion 100–4
Roads to Freedom (Russell) 17
Roman Catholic Church 103
Russell, Bertrand Arthur William
3rd Earl
life
affairs 12–13, 14, 16
Beacon Hill School 21–2, 105,
106–8
Cambridge University 6, 12,
17, 18, 25, 26
character 4
children 20–2, 23
earldom 22–3
early family life 2–4
imprisonments 16–17, 27–8,
115, 118
journalism on social
questions 23, 95
marriages 7–8, 10, 12, 18, 20,
23, 27, 99, 105

Russell

Nobel Prize 27, 95, 96, 99
nuclear disarmament
campaign 15, 27–8, 112–13,
117–18
Order of Merit investiture
26
paciﬁsm 10, 14–18, 23, 27–8,
114–19
political career 12, 20, 86–7
premature obituary 20
travelling and lecturing
18–20, 23–5, 26–7
mathematics and logic
legacy to 130–1
paradox 37–40
Type Theory 40–3, 121, 124
philosophy
analytic 1–2, 124, 129, 131–4
criticism of theories 54–6
deﬁnitive descriptions
43–50
knowledge and perception
theory 50–7
legacy 120–30
logical atomism 61–9
neutral monism 69–75
other minds 57–9
postulates 80–4
sometimes careless
approach to 134–5
views
on education 104–8
on ethics 85, 89–95
on morality 95–100
on politics 108–14
on religion 100–4

works by, see under individual
titles
Russell, Conrad (son) 23
Russell, Frank 2nd Earl 4, 6, 22
Russell, John Conrad (son) 20,
21–2, 24
Russell, John Russell 1st Earl 2, 4
Russell, Kate (daughter) 20, 21–2,
24
Ryle, Gilbert 121, 122, 124, 128, 136

S
Satan in the Suburbs (Russell) 27
Satre, Jean-Paul 28, 118
Sceptical Essays (Russell) 20
science 60, 76, 78
inference and 79–84
philosophy of 32
physics 65
public space of 54
religion and 103
technological change 110
Scientiﬁc Outlook (Russell) 23
Second World War 24–5, 114,
116–17
self-control 98, 99
sensations 72–3, 75, 76
sense-data 51–3, 54–5, 57–9, 65,
66, 68–9, 73, 75, 79
set theory 40
sex education 106
sexual morality 97–9, 103
Sidgewick, Henry 6, 93
simples 64–5, 66–7
Smith, Alys Pearsall 7–8, 12, 20
146

Union of Democratic Control
16
uniqueness 47
United States 112, 117, 118
universals 52–3, 66–7
utilitarianism 89

socialism 86, 111
Soviet Union 18, 26, 112, 117
space 53–4, 57, 59, 130
Spalding, D. A. 3–4
Spence, Patricia ‘Peter’ 23
Stanley of Alderley, Lord
(grandfather) 2
Stout, G. F. 6, 7
Strachey, Lytton 15
Strawson, P. F. 48, 130
subject-predicate propositions
35–6, 43, 62, 125
superstition 102–3
Sweden 26

V
Vietnam War 15, 28, 86, 115, 117,
118–19
Vuillemin, Jules 121, 124,
128–9

W

tact 95–6
Theory of Descriptions, see
Descriptions, Theory of
Theory of Knowledge (Russell) 31,
57
thoughts 71–2
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus
(Wittgenstein) 18, 68,
125–8
Trinity College, Cambridge 6, 12,
17, 18, 25, 26
truth 53
Type Theory 41–2, 41–3, 121–2,
124

U

Z

UCLA (University of California at
Los Angeles) 24

Zermelo, Ernst 121

147

Index

war crimes 28, 118
Ward, James 6
Webb, Sydney and Beatrice 105
Weiss, Professor Paul 25
What I Believe (Russell) 20
Which Way to Peace? (Russell) 23,
116
Whitehead, A. N. 2, 6, 11, 31, 40,
129
Whitehead, Evelyn 10
Why I Am Not A Christian (Russell)
101–2
Wilson, Harold 86
Wittgenstein, Ludwig 1, 18, 26,
68, 123, 124, 125–8
World Government 88, 113–14,
117

T

