Postmodernism: A Very Short Introduction
‘the most intellectually incisive, coherent and comprehensive
meditation upon the history and signiﬁcance of postmodernism that I
have yet encountered.’
Patricia Waugh, University of Durham
‘easily the best introduction to postmodernism currently available.’
Hans Bertens, Utrecht University

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS
David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford

EMPIRE Stephen Howe
The European Union
John Pinder
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD
Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI
Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer

MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway

ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead

CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta

EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY
Geraldine Pinch
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
Habermas Gordon Finlayson
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LOCKE John Dunn
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies

MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
Myth Robert Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
THE PRESOCRATICS
Catherine Osborne
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Christopher Butler

POSTMODERNISM
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai
Dar es Salaam Delhi Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi
São Paulo Shanghai Singapore Taipei Tokyo Toronto
with an associated company in Berlin
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Christopher Butler 2002
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2002
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280239–9
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Spain by Book Print S. L., Barcelona

Contents

List of illustrations viii

1
2
3
4
5

The rise of postmodernism 1
New ways of seeing the world 13
Politics and identity 44
The culture of postmodernism 62
The ‘postmodern condition’ 110
References

129

Further reading 133
Index

135

List of illustrations

1

Interior of Westin
Bonaventure Hotel by
Portman

4

7 SS Amsterdam in Front of
Rotterdam (1966) by
Malcolm Morley
77

John Portman & Associates

2 Ray Federman, Take It
or Leave It : A Novel
(1976)
22
Fiction Collective, New York

3 Untitled ﬁlm still (1977)
by Cindy Sherman
54
© Cindy Sherman/Metro
Pictures

© Malcolm Morley. Norman and
Irma Braman collection. Courtesy
of Sperone Westwater, New York

8 Holland Hotel by
Richard Estes

9 Early One Morning
(1962) by Anthony
Caro

10

6 New Hoover Quadraﬂex
(1981–6) by Jeff Koons 65
© Jeff Koons Productions Inc.

An Oak Tree (1973) by
Michael Craig-Martin 83
© Michael Craig-Martin.
Australian National Gallery,
Canberra

5 Fool’s House (1962) by
Jasper Johns
63
© Jasper Johns/VAGA, New
York/DACS, London 2002. Leo
Castelli Gallery, New York

82

© Anthony Caro. Photo © Tate,
London 2002

4 Untitled ﬁlm still (1978)
by Cindy Sherman
54
© Cindy Sherman/Metro
Pictures

79

© Richard Estes. Marlborough
Gallery, New York

11

Picture for Women
(1979) by Jeff Wall

86

© Jeff Wall. Musée national d’art
moderne, Paris. Photo © RMN

12

Sainsbury Wing, National
Gallery, London (1991) by
Venturi, Scott Brown and
Associates
90
© Martin Charles

13

18

19

Theatre of Abraxas by
Ricardo Boﬁll
91
The Dinner Party (1979)
by Judy Chicago
96
© ARS, NY and DACS, London
2002. Judy Chicago
collection. Photo © Donald
Woodmann

15

Interior Scroll (1975) by
Carolee Schneeman
98
© ARS, NY and DACS, London
2002. Photo © Anthony McCall

16

Untitled, #228 (1990)
by Cindy Sherman
99
© Cindy Sherman/Metro Pictures

17

107

© Elizabeth Murray.
Pace Wildenstein, New York

© Charles Jencks

14

Her Story (1984) by
Elizabeth Murray

Grandma and the
Frenchman (Identity
Crisis) (1990) by
Robert Colescott
108
© Robert Colescott. Phyllis Kind
Gallery, New York

20 The Imagineers Main
Street USA (1955)
Anaheim, California 113
From Ghirardo, Architecture after
Modernism (1996) © Bettmann/
Corbis

21

Odalisk (1955–8) by
Robert Rauschenberg 124
© Robert Rauschenberg/DACS,
London/VAGA, New York 2002.
Museum Ludwig Köln. Photo ©
Rheinisches Bildarchiv

Untitled (Your gaze hits
the side of my face) (1981)
by Barbara Kruger
101
© Barbara Kruger. Mary Boone
Gallery, New York

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
The rise of postmodernism

Carl Andre’s rectangular pile of bricks, Equivalent VIII (1966),
annoyed lots of people when shown at the Tate Gallery, London, in
1976. It is a typically postmodernist object. Now re-enshrined in the
Tate Modern, it doesn’t resemble much in the canon of modernist
sculpture. It is not formally complex or expressive, or particularly
engaging to look at, indeed it can soon be boring. It is easy to repeat.
Lacking any features to sustain interest in itself (except perhaps to
Pythagorean number mystics) it inspires us to ask questions about
its context rather than its content: ‘What is the point of this?’, or
‘Why is this displayed in a museum?’ Some theory about the work
has to be brought in to ﬁll the vacuum of interest, and this is also
fairly typical. It might inspire the question ‘Is it really art, or just a
heap of bricks pretending to be art?’ But this is not a question that
makes much sense in the postmodernist era, in which it seems to be
generally accepted that it is the institution of the gallery, rather than
anything else, which has made it, de facto, a ‘work of art’. The visual
arts just are what museum curators show us, from Picasso to slicedup cows, and it is up to us to keep up with the ideas surrounding
these works.
Many postmodernists (and of course their museum director allies)
would like us to entertain such thoughts about the ideas which
might surround this ‘minimalist’ art. A pile of bricks is designedly
elementary; it confronts and denies the emotionally expressive
1

Postmodernism

qualities of previous (modernist) art. Like Duchamp’s famous
Urinal or his bicycle wheel mounted on a stool, it tests our
intellectual responses and our tolerance of the works that the art
gallery can bring to the attention of its public. It makes some
essentially critical points, which add up to some quite self-denying
assumptions about art. Andre says: ‘What I try to ﬁnd are sets of
particles and the rules which combine them in the simplest way’,
and claims that his equivalents are ‘communistic because the form
is equally accessible to all men’.
This sculpture, however politically correct it may be interpreted to
be, isn’t nearly as enjoyable as Rodin’s Kiss, or the far more intricate
abstract structures of a sculptor like Anthony Caro. Andre’s
theoretical avant-gardism, which tests our intellectual responses,
suggests that the pleasures taken in earlier art are a bit suspect.
Puritanism, ‘calling into question’, and making an audience feel
guilty or disturbed, are all intimately linked by objects like this.
They are attitudes which are typical of much postmodernist art, and
they often have a political dimension. The artwork for which Martin
Creed won the Turner Prize in 2001 continues this tradition. It is an
empty room, in which the electric lights go on and off.
I will be writing about postmodernist artists, intellectual gurus,
academic critics, philosophers, and social scientists in what follows,
as if they were all members of a loosely constituted and quarrelsome
political party. This party is by and large internationalist and
‘progressive’. It is on the left rather than the right, and it tends to see
everything, from abstract painting to personal relationships, as
political undertakings. It is not particularly uniﬁed in doctrine, and
even those who have most signiﬁcantly contributed ideas to its
manifestos sometimes indignantly deny membership – and yet the
postmodernist party tends to believe that its time has come. It is
certain of its uncertainty, and often claims that it has seen through
the sustaining illusions of others, and so has grasped the ‘real’
nature of the cultural and political institutions which surround us.
In doing this, postmodernists often follow Marx. They claim to be
2

peculiarly aware of the unique state of contemporary society,
immured as it is in what they call ‘the postmodern condition’.

A major Marxist commentator on postmodernism, Frederic
Jameson, sees Jon Portman’s Westin Bonaventura Hotel in Los
Angeles as entirely symptomatic of this condition. Its extraordinary
complexities of entranceways, its aspiration towards being ‘a
complete world, a kind of miniature city’, and its perpetually
moving elevators, make it a ‘mutation’ into a ‘postmodernist
hyperspace’ which transcends the capacities of the human body to
locate itself, to ﬁnd its own position in a mappable world. This
‘milling confusion’, says Jameson, is a dilemma, a ‘symbol and
analogue’ of the ‘incapacity of our minds . . . to map the great global
multinational and decentred communicational network in which
we ﬁnd ourselves caught as individual subjects’. Many of us have felt
something like this in London’s Barbican Centre.
This ‘lost in a big hotel’ view of our condition shows postmodernism
3

The rise of postmodernism

Postmodernists therefore do not simply support aesthetic ‘isms’, or
avant-garde movements, such as minimalism or conceptualism
(from which work like Andre’s bricks emerged). They have a
distinct way of seeing the world as a whole, and use a set of
philosophical ideas that not only support an aesthetic but also
analyse a ‘late capitalist’ cultural condition of ‘postmodernity’. This
condition is supposed to affect us all, not just through avant-garde
art, but also at a more fundamental level, through the inﬂuence of
that huge growth in media communication by electronic means
which Marshall McLuhan in the 1960s called the ‘electronic village’.
And yet in our new ‘information society’, paradoxically enough,
most information is apparently to be distrusted, as being more of a
contribution to the manipulative image-making of those in power
than to the advancement of knowledge. The postmodernist attitude
is therefore one of a suspicion which can border on paranoia (as
seen, for example, in the conspiracy-theory novels of Thomas
Pynchon and Don DeLillo, and the ﬁlms of Oliver Stone).

1. Interior of Westin Bonaventure Hotel by Portman.
‘Postmodernist hyperspace’.

to be a doctrine for the metropolis, within which a new climate of
ideas has arisen and brought with it a new sensibility. But these
ideas and attitudes have always been very much open to debate, and
in what follows I shall combat postmodernist scepticism with some
of my own. Indeed, I will deny that its philosophical and political
views and art forms are nearly as dominant as a conﬁdent
proclamation of a new ‘postmodernist’ era might suggest.

Many of these differences arose from the sensitivity of artists to
changes in the climate of ideas. By the mid-1960s, critics like Susan
Sontag and Ihab Hassan had begun to point out some of the
characteristics, in Europe and in the United States, of what we now
call postmodernism. They argued that the work of postmodernists
was deliberately less uniﬁed, less obviously ‘masterful’, more playful
or anarchic, more concerned with the processes of our
understanding than with the pleasures of artistic ﬁnish or unity, less
inclined to hold a narrative together, and certainly more resistant to
a certain interpretation, than much of the art that had preceded it.
We will look at some examples of this later on.

The rise of theory
Somewhat later than the period in which the artists mentioned
above established themselves, a further postmodernist
5

The rise of postmodernism

It is nevertheless obvious by now that even if we restrict ourselves to
the ideas current within the artistic avant-garde since 1945, we can
sense a break with those of the modernist period. The work of
James Joyce is very different from that of Alain Robbe-Grillet, that
of Igor Stravinsky from that of Karlheinz Stockhausen, that of
Henri Matisse from that of Robert Rauschenberg, of Jean Renoir
from that of Jean-Luc Godard, of Jacob Epstein from that of Carl
Andre, and of Mies van der Rohe from that of Robert Venturi. What
one makes of this contrast between the modern and the
postmodern in the arts largely depends on the values one embraces.
There is no single line of development to be found here.

Postmodernism

development took place: ‘the rise of theory’ among intellectuals and
academics. Workers in all sorts of ﬁelds developed an excessively
critical self-consciousness. Postmodernists reproached modernists
(and their supposedly ‘naive’ liberal humanist readers or spectators
or listeners) for their belief that a work of art could somehow appeal
to all humanity, and so be free of divisive political implications.
The rise of the great post-war innovatory artists – Stockhausen,
Boulez, Robbe-Grillet, Beckett, Coover, Rauschenberg, and Beuys –
was succeeded (and many would say supplemented and explained)
by the huge growth in the inﬂuence of a number of French
intellectuals, notably the Marxist social theorist Louis Althusser, the
cultural critic Roland Barthes, the philosopher Jacques Derrida,
and the historian Michel Foucault, all of whom in fact began their
work by thinking about the implications of modernism, and rarely
had any very extended relationship to the contemporary avantgarde. Althusser was concerned with Brecht; Barthes with Flaubert
and Proust; Derrida with Nietzsche, Heidegger, and Mallarmé; and
Foucault with Nietzsche and Bataille. By the mid-1970s it becomes
difﬁcult to know what matters most to postmodernists – the
fashioning of a particular kind of (disturbing) experience within art,
or the new philosophical and political interpretative opportunities
which it offered. Many would now say that for committed
postmodernists, interpretative implications were always (and
disastrously) ‘privileged’ over the enjoyable artistic embodiment
and formal sophistication which so many had learned to appreciate
in modernist art.
This startlingly new framework of ideas was exported from the
France of the late 1960s and early 1970s into England, Germany,
and the United States. By the time of the student uprisings of 1968,
the most advanced philosophical thought had moved away from the
strongly ethical and individualist existentialism that was typical of
the immediately post-war period (of which Sartre and Camus were
the best-publicized exponents) towards far more sceptical and antihumanist attitudes. These new beliefs were expressed in what came
6

to be known as deconstructive and poststructuralist theory, to be
discussed below. The ‘new novelists’ in France also moved away
from an interest in the philosophico-emotional states of angst and
absurdity, and a commitment to the mimetic engagements of a
traditionally narrated novel, such as Sartre’s La Nausée or Camus’s
La Peste and L’Étranger, towards a far colder, contradiction-ﬁlled
anti-narrative method in the texts of Alain Robbe-Grillet, Philippe
Sollers, and others, who were not so much interested in individual
character, or coherent narrative suspense and interest, as in the play
of their own authorial language.

Postmodernist doctrines thus drew upon a great deal of
philosophical, political, and sociological thought, which
disseminated itself into the artistic avant-garde (particularly in the
visual arts) and into the humanities departments of universities in
Europe and the United States as ‘theory’. The postmodernist period
is one of the extraordinary dominance of the work of academics
over that of artists.
This was not ‘theory’ as it might be understood in the philosophy of
science (in which theories are tested, and so veriﬁable or falsiﬁable)
or in Anglo-American, broadly empiricist philosophy. It was a far
more self-involved, sceptical type of discourse which adapted
7

The rise of postmodernism

The new ideas, although they came to inspire some literature, and
to dominate its interpretation in academic circles, were actually
rooted outside the arts. Barthes was mainly interested in the
application of linguistic models to the interpretation of text,
Derrida’s philosophical work began as a critique of linguistics, and
Foucault’s base was in the social sciences and history. They were
also all guided to a greater or lesser degree by the re-reading or
redemption of Marx (whose dominance in places like the Soviet
Union was, before 1989, rather airily explained away as due to a
misapplied ‘bureaucratic socialism’). Most of the French
intellectuals responsible for the theoretical inspiration of
postmodernism worked within a broadly Marxist paradigm.

general concepts derived from traditional philosophy to literary,
sociological, or other material, which was thereby given a
postmodernist twist.

Postmodernism

Lost in translation?
Many academic proponents of postmodernist theory in England
and the United States therefore concentrated on the inward
translation of Continental thought. This led to a number of
interestingly transplanted cultural concerns, and a sharp break
with previous traditions. For example, postmodernist theory
inherited a concern for the functions of language from
structuralism, but when Jacques Derrida turned his attention to
the problem of reference (of language to external non-linguistic
reality) he went back to the linguist Ferdinand de Saussure.
Derrida struggled with him (in De la grammatologie) apparently in
blissful ignorance of the fact that many of the problems which
concerned him, and the (very slippery) position he himself came to,
had, in the opinion of many in the philosophical community (even
in France), been far better stated and more rigorously analysed by
Ludwig Wittgenstein. But Derrida does not mention Wittgenstein
in his early work. Many Derridean literary theorists were therefore
seriously ignorant of the history of philosophical problems, and
were unaware of some of the standard solutions to them in the
Anglo-American philosophical tradition. This led to intellectual
division, mutual incomprehension, and splits in many university
departments that persist to this day.
Postmodernists, who were rightly enthusiasts for ‘liberating’ ethical
and political doctrines, were at the same time immensely
dependent on the extraordinary prestige of these new intellectual
authorities, whose inﬂuence was not a little sustained by their heavy
reliance upon a neologizing jargon, which imparted a tremendous
air of difﬁculty and profundity to their deliberations and caused
great difﬁculties to their translators. According to the American
philosopher John Searle:
8

Michel Foucault once characterised Derrida’s prose style to me as
‘obscurantisme terroriste’. The text is written so obscurely that you
can’t ﬁgure out exactly what the thesis is (hence ‘obscurantisme’)
and then when one criticises this, the author says, ‘Vous m’avez mal
compris; vous êtes idiot’ (hence ‘terroriste’).
New York Review of Books, 27 October 1983

The often obscure, not to say obfuscating, modes of speech and
writing of these intellectuals were sometimes even intended to
signify a deﬁance of that ‘Cartesian’ clarity of exposition which
they said arose from a suspect reliance upon ‘bourgeois’ certainties
concerning the world order. Roland Barthes, discussing 17thcentury French literature, says that:

stretched across to the elite elements of Europe living the same
privileged life-style, but this much-prized communicability of the
French language has been anything but horizontal; it has never been
vertical, never reached the depths of the masses.
Roland Barthes, Oeuvres Complètes vol. I (1942–65)

A suggestive punning word-play was preferred to a plodding and
politically suspect logic, and the result was a theory which was more
literary than philosophical, and which rarely if ever came to clear or
empirically testable conclusions, simply because it was so difﬁcult
to be sure about what it meant. This placed a very satisfying burden
of translation exposition and defence upon the followers of the
masters of theory. The French masters wrote in a resolutely avantgardist way against the clarity of their own national tradition. It is
the thousands of echoes and adaptations, and unsurprising
misunderstandings, of their obscure writings that have made up the
often confused and pretentious collective psyche of the
postmodernist constituency.
Here is an example of a far from untypical sentence, which won the
second prize in the annual Bad Writing Contest promoted by the
9

The rise of postmodernism

Doubtless there was a certain universality of writing which

scholarly journal Philosophy and Literature. It may or may not
become clearer to the reader by the end of this book, and it comes
from Homi Bhabha’s much referred to The Location of Culture
(1994).
If, for a while, the ruse of desire is calculable for the uses of
discipline, soon the repetition of guilt, justiﬁcation, pseudo-scientiﬁc
theories, superstition, spurious authorities and classiﬁcation can be
seen as the desperate effort to ‘normalise’ normally the disturbance
of a discourse of splitting that violates the rational enlightened

Postmodernism

claims of its enunciatory modality.

There is therefore a great contrast and tension between the
postmodernism which derived from French intellectuals and the
main stream of Anglo-American liberal philosophical thought in
this period. The latter tradition had been very suspicious, in a postOrwellian manner, of jargon, of grandiose synthesis, and of
Marxist-derived ‘ideology’. In the 1960s and early 1970s it was
much wedded to very different methods, and most particularly to
the idea that philosophy should work within an ‘ordinary language’
accessible to all, and even when technical aim at maximum clarity.
The typical work of philosophy in English, from Gilbert Ryle’s The
Concept of Mind (1949) through to John Rawls’s A Theory of
Justice (1971), used these methods to ask for an essentially
cooperative and consensual method, and for further clariﬁcation
and piecemeal correction by the philosophy profession as a whole
(to which, indeed, the original authority might well respond, as did
Rawls in his later Political Liberalism, 1993). In this it was as
much inﬂuenced by the model of scientiﬁc cooperation as by
Socratic methods. But postmodernist ideas, despite their Marxist
afﬁliations and political aspirations, were never intended to ﬁt into
anything like this kind of consensual and cooperative framework.
Many postmodernists thought that this would have simply
reproduced a bourgeois view of the world, and aimed at an
unjustiﬁable universal acceptance. There is a sense in which
French postmodernism is a true successor to the surrealist
10

movement, which also tried to disrupt supposedly ‘normal’ ways
of seeing things.

Some broad distinctions between the philosophy and ethics, the
aesthetics, and the political sociology of postmodernism structure
the account which follows. In all three areas the criteria for being
postmodern vary a good deal: the very term ‘postmodernist’ draws
attention to a mixture of historical period and ideological
implications. The claim of any work of art or thinker or social
practice to typify postmodernist doctrines, or to diagnose with
accuracy ‘the social condition of postmodernity’, will therefore
depend on the very diverse criteria that have held sway in the minds
of most commentators on the subject, including my own. I
nevertheless hope that in what follows I will capture a broad
consensual view of postmodernism.
I will introduce the most important of the large family of ideas
involved, but cannot, in the space available, pay too much attention
to the intriguing disputes between them. I concentrate on what
seem to me to have been the most viable and long-lived
postmodernist ideas, and especially those that can help us to
11

The rise of postmodernism

The danger, but also the point, for many postmodernists, of
embedding theoretical and philosophical arguments within a
literary rhetoric is that the text is thereby left open to all sorts of
interpretations. There is as we shall see a deep irrationalism at the
heart of postmodernism – a kind of despair about the
Enlightenment-derived public functions of reason – which is not to
be found elsewhere in the other developing intellectual disciplines
of the late 20th century (for example, in the inﬂuence of cognitive
science on linguistics, or the use of Darwinian models to explain
mental development). Books of a postmodernist persuasion are
often advertised by their publishers, not for their challenging
hypotheses or arguments, but for their ‘use of theory’, their
‘insights’, their ‘interventions’, their ‘addressing’ (rather than
answering) questions.

Postmodernism

characterize and understand the innovative art and cultural
practices of the period since the mid-1960s.
We should be prepared to see many postmodernist ideas as very
interesting and inﬂuential, and as the key to some good
experimental art – but at best confused, and at worst simply untrue.
This is not unusual – the essential leading ideas of many cultural
epochs are open to the same criticism. Once found out, such ideas
are either reinterpreted (like the Romantic idea of Imagination) or
just condemned to obsolescence (like the idea of mesmerism in
medicine). All extremist intellectual movements in history have this
character, and postmodernism is one of them. No one now
subscribes entirely to the Romantic view of Imagination, even
though the functions of the imagination have remained an abiding
and central concern. And 18th-century mesmerism and 20thcentury hypnotism are very different from one another. The rise of
radical ideas (as of radical political parties) in the 20th century has
generally led to disillusion followed by modiﬁcation, and this seems
already to be the fate of postmodernism, from the 1960s to the
1990s. After all, it has already lasted as long as the high modernism
of the period before the war – of which it is, for those in favour of it,
the politically progressive replacement, and for those against it, the
last decadent gasp.

12

Chapter 2
New ways of seeing
the world

Resisting grand narratives
A great deal of postmodernist theory depends on the maintenance
of a sceptical attitude: and here the philosopher Jean-François
Lyotard’s contribution is essential. He argued in his La condition
postmoderne (published in French in 1979, in English in 1984) that
we now live in an era in which legitimizing ‘master narratives’ are in
crisis and in decline. These narratives are contained in or implied by
major philosophies, such as Kantianism, Hegelianism, and
Marxism, which argue that history is progressive, that knowledge
can liberate us, and that all knowledge has a secret unity. The two
main narratives Lyotard is attacking are those of the progressive
emancipation of humanity – from Christian redemption to Marxist
Utopia – and that of the triumph of science. Lyotard considers that
such doctrines have ‘lost their credibility’ since the Second World
War: ‘Simplifying to the extreme, I deﬁne postmodern as incredulity
towards metanarratives’.
These metanarratives traditionally serve to give cultural practices
some form of legitimation or authority. (The legitimation of Marxist
or Freudian theories thus would stem from their claim, not widely
accepted by now, that they are based on the principles or
metanarrative of science.) Another example of this would be the
textbook history of the writing of the Constitution of the United
13

Postmodernism

States, by the Founding Fathers, along with its subsequent
legislative enactments. This grand historical narrative with its
constitutional ‘founding principles’ is still very much a going
concern in current disputes in the United States about the limits of
free speech, the right to abortion, and the right of American private
citizens to bear arms. Another simple example of metanarrative is
the Marxist belief in the predestined and privileged function of the
proletariat, with the party as its ally, in bringing about a revolution,
and in the Utopia which is supposed to follow, when ‘the state has
withered away’. In the period since 1945, the governments of many
formerly colonized territories have developed similarly would-be
masterful political narratives about the history of nationalist
struggle. It is difﬁcult to avoid such narratives, and nearly all
nation-states have them.
Although there are good liberal reasons for being against such
‘grand narratives’ (on the grounds that they do not allow for
disputes about value, and often enough lead to totalitarian
persecution), the plausibility of Lyotard’s claim for the decline of
metanarratives in the late 20th century ultimately depends upon an
appeal to the cultural condition of an intellectual minority. The
general sociological claim that such narratives are in decline in our
period looks pretty thin, even after the collapse of state-sponsored
Marxism in the West, because allegiances to large-scale, totalizing
religious and nationalist beliefs are currently responsible for so
much repression, violence, and war – in Northern Ireland, Serbia,
the Middle East, and elsewhere. (Postmodernists tend not to be well
informed about current practices in science and religion.) It is
obvious to any reader of the newspapers that men and women are
still more or less willing to kill one another in the name of grand
narratives every day – think of the fatwa against Salman Rushdie.
Indeed, the reason why academic postmodernists seemed so secure
in their hostile analysis of the American and European societies
around them in the 1970s may well have derived from the fact that
these societies were not torn apart by contrary ideologies. Some
thoughts about the rival claims of Islam and Judaism in the Middle
14

East, or of Marxism and the democratic process in Eastern Europe,
might have led to different conclusions. But the scepticism about
commitments to master narratives promoted by Lyotard, and
echoed by Derrida and many other postmodernists, had a strong
appeal to a generation brought up in Western democracies. They
were liberated to some degree from theology by existentialism,
impressed by the resistance offered to capitalism and the militaryindustrial complex in 1968, suspicious of American ‘imperialist’
pretensions, and perhaps more importantly needed to escape the
deadeningly Manichaean ideological platitudes of the Cold War
period.

Of course, an opposition to such narratives (particularly holistic or
totalitarian ones) is an absolutely traditional liberal concern. Much
signiﬁcant postmodernist writing has therefore turned on
articulating this kind of scepticism for essentially liberal ends, as for
example in the work of Edward Said, who in his Orientalism (1978)
attempted to show the distorting effects of the projection of the
Western grand narrative of imperialism upon Oriental societies. For
the imperialist saw himself as the representative of a rational,
15

New ways of seeing the world

The result was that the basic attitude of postmodernists was a
scepticism about the claims of any kind of overall, totalizing
explanation. Lyotard was not alone in seeing the intellectual’s task
as one of ‘resistance’, even to ‘consensus’, which ‘has become an
outmoded and suspect value’. Postmodernists responded to this
view, partly for the good reason that by doing so they could side
with those who didn’t ‘ﬁt’ into the larger stories – the subordinated
and the marginalized – against those with the power to disseminate
the master narratives. Many postmodernist intellectuals thus saw
themselves as avant-garde and bravely dissentient. This heralded a
pluralist age, in which, as we shall see, even the arguments of
scientists and historians are to be seen as no more than quasi
narratives which compete with all the others for acceptance. They
have no unique or reliable ﬁt to the world, no certain
correspondence with reality. They are just another form of ﬁction.

Postmodernism

ordered, peaceful, and law-abiding framework, and deﬁned the
Orient as the opposite of this (for example, as the ‘muddle’ Forster
found in A Passage to India), and had the conﬁdence that his
representation of ‘them’ – his narrative of ‘Orientalism’ – would
prevail. The grand imperial story of progressive development was
superimposed on a merely local – and, what is more, ‘deviant’ –
Oriental practice. In all this Said follows Foucault, and the
Euhemerism of the Greeks and of Nietzsche, in believing that such
imposing political grand narratives are at best mystiﬁcatory
attempts to keep some social groups in power, and others out of it.
As Said notes, when Flaubert slept with an Egyptian courtesan,
Kuchuk Hanem, he wrote to Louise Colet that ‘the oriental woman
is no more than a machine; she makes no distinction between one
man and another man’. In so doing (and in his subsequent novels)
he ‘produced a widely inﬂuential model of the Oriental woman’. But
within this inﬂuential narrrative, ‘she never spoke of herself, never
represented her emotions, presence or history.’ We can imagine how
different her own account might indeed have been, but the two
frameworks for narrative, Flaubert’s and Kuchuk Hanem’s, seem to
be culturally incommensurable; hence a typical postmodernist
conclusion, that universal truth is impossible, and relativism is our
fate.

Deconstruction
The conﬁdence with which such claims were made was inﬂuenced
to a huge degree by a reading of the philosophy of Jacques Derrida,
in whose voluminous writings the most elaborate version of this
‘deconstructive’ attitude was to be found.
The central argument for deconstruction depends on relativism, by
which I mean the view that truth itself is always relative to the
differing standpoints and predisposing intellectual frameworks of
the judging subject. It is difﬁcult to say, then, that deconstructors
are committed to anything as deﬁnite as a philosophical thesis.
Indeed, to attempt to deﬁne deconstruction is to defy another of its
16

main principles – which is to deny that ﬁnal or true deﬁnitions are
possible, because even the most plausible candidates will always
invite a further deﬁning move, or ‘play’, with language. For the
deconstructor, the relationship of language to reality is not given, or
even reliable, since all language systems are inherently unreliable
cultural constructs.

Nevertheless, as a disobliging characterization of a culture that
had come increasingly to rely on such claims to a ‘good ﬁt’ in
science and in the all-conquering capitalist technology which was
supposed to ﬂow from it and justify it, Derrida’s scepticism had a
considerable political appeal. It allowed his followers to attack
those who believed that philosophy, science, or the novel really
did describe the world accurately, or that a historical narrative
can be true.
17

New ways of seeing the world

Derrida and his followers nevertheless seem to be committed to one
fairly clear historical proposition: that philosophy and literature in
the Western tradition had for too long falsely supposed that the
relationship between language and world was, on the contrary, well
founded and reliable. (And even, for some religions, guaranteed by
God.) This false ‘logocentric’ conﬁdence in language as the mirror of
nature is the illusion that the meaning of a word has its origin in the
structure of reality itself and hence makes the truth about that
structure directly present to the mind. All this amounts to a false
‘metaphysics of presence’. This is Derrida’s own grand
metanarrative, and he seems quite falsely to assume that there was
nothing in the Western metaphysical philosophical tradition which
put into question the ﬁt of language to the world – but nominalism
and essentialism have long been at odds. (In fact, Wittgenstein had
notoriously tried to work out an absolutely stable and reliable
relationship of language to world in his Tractatus LogicoPhilosophicus (1922) and then had completely repudiated its
position in favour of a theory of relativistically related language
games by the time of the (posthumous) publication of his
Philosophical Investigations in 1953.)

Postmodernism

Literary people in particular were accused by Derrideans of a naive
trust in what was ironically dubbed the ‘classic realist text’. Such
persons simply fail to appreciate the nature of the language from
which they derive their false conﬁdence.
In reading George Eliot’s Middlemarch (1882), for example, we may
have the illusion (not actually shared by George Eliot) that she
simply opens a window upon reality, and that her discourse is fully
adequate to a description of the real. Our reliance upon Eliot’s
narrative voice and language puts us in a dominating, even God-like
position, especially if we rely upon the generalizations that she
makes. So we think we know the truth about Dorothea Brooke, when
all we really know is Eliot’s descriptions of her, and, in any case, what
happens when we come across a metaphor – are they ‘true’ too? To
give an example, Dorothea, bewildered and distressed by her
experience of Casaubon’s unsatisfactoriness as a husband, thinks
that her life ‘seemed to have become a masque with enigmatical
costumes’. Quite apart from the problems of interpreting the
metaphor, it will only work within a culture in which masques and
their functions are understood in a certain way. The description of
Dorothea is only valid within, and so relative to, the masqueappreciating discourse which is current within a certain group.
The postmodernist deconstructor wishes then to show how a
previously trusted relationship, like this one between language and
the world, will go astray. ‘Look’ we say, ‘it’s just a systematically
misleading metaphor about a masque.’ However, it is logically
obvious that you can’t demonstrate how language always ‘goes
astray’ without at the same time having a secret and contradictory
trust in it. For without a pretty conﬁdent notion of the truth, how
can we show that any particular stretch of language has ‘gone astray’
or fallen into contradiction? This is a crippling mystery to those
hostile to deconstruction, and a sustaining one to those who
practise its faith.
Why, then, should deconstructors wish to call into question our
18

reliance on authors like Eliot, and with her much of the previous
philosophical tradition?

Signs as systems

Derrida goes on from this venerable form of conceptual relativism
to suggest ways in which all conceptual frameworks, once seen this
way, can be criticized. This is his key contribution to the
postmodernist attitude, and it doesn’t much depend on the
‘correctness’ or otherwise of his philosophical position. For he sees
all conceptual systems as prone to a falsifying, distorting,
19

New ways of seeing the world

Derrideans insisted that all words must be explained only in terms
of their relationships to the various systems in which they take part.
It follows that we are at best relativists, caught within
(incommensurable) conceptual systems. We can only ‘know’ what
they permit us to know about reality. Whatever we say, we are
caught within a linguistic system that does not relate to external
reality in the way we expect, because every term within each system
also alludes to, or depends upon, the existence (or, as Derrida put it,
the ‘trace’) of other terms within the system that are absent. For
example, English has a family of words for degrees of anger – from
‘irritated’ to ‘furious’. And French has its own, different, family for
this area of our experience. All the terms within each language’s
family rely upon one another to divide up the ﬁeld of ‘anger’ for
native speakers. But neither system, English or French, different as
they clearly are, can fairly claim to ﬁnally encode the ‘truth’ about
states of anger in the world. Nor can Eliot claim to ﬁnally encode
the truth about Dorothea’s disillusionment. For Derrideans then,
language only seems to mark out clear differences between
concepts; it actually only ‘defers’, or pushes away, its partners within
the system for a while. Our concepts thus mark, for Derrideans, a
‘differance’, or a deferring of meaning, just as much as they signify
a difference (the French neologism puns between the two). For
meaning perpetually slips away from word to word within the
linguistic chain.

Postmodernism

hierarchization. Not only is our knowledge of the world not as
direct as we like to believe – metaphor-ridden and entirely relative
to the scope of our conceptual systems – but we have been all too
conﬁdent about the ways in which the central categories within
those systems work to organize our experience. For example,
George Eliot clearly relies in the passage to which I alluded on a
clear distinction between ‘appearance’ and ‘reality’, and between
people ‘being themselves’ and merely ‘acting’ (as in a masque or
wearing a disguise).
We tend to ‘privilege’, or rely upon, what Derrida calls particular
‘transcendental signiﬁers’, such as ‘God’, ‘reality’, the ‘idea of man’,
to organize our discourse. The conceptual oppositions we tend to
employ to do this organization for us – speech versus writing, soul
versus body, literal versus metaphorical, natural versus cultural,
masculine versus feminine – make us get lots of fundamental
relationships wrong, or at least too rigidly ﬁxed. In particular, we
tend to put one of these terms above the other, so that, for example,
‘woman’ is thought of as inferior to ‘man’ (‘Oriental’ inferior to
‘Western’). But within a more relativistic conceptual scheme, we can
see that they ‘really’ depend on one another for their deﬁnition.
Indeed, it was a very Freudian obsession of Derrideans that
apparent opposites really need one another, and always imply one
another. I can only see myself as a rational, justice-seeking
imperialist (like Forster’s Ronnie Fielding) if you are at the same
time to be seen as a wily, slippery, muddled Oriental (like Forster’s
Aziz). The innovatory, liberating aspect of this type of
deconstruction of oppositions works in this way: when we look at
particular systems like this, which purport to describe the world
correctly, we can see that the concepts they ‘privilege’ or make
central, and the hierarchies they order them into, are not nearly so
certainly in the ‘right’ order, and are much more interdependent,
than we thought.
For Derrideans, indeed, the revelation of their hidden
interdependence ‘deconstructs’ them. They can be undone or
20

reversed, often to paradoxical effect, so that truth is ‘really’ a kind of
ﬁction, reading is always a form of misreading, and, most
fundamentally, understanding is always a form of
misunderstanding, because it is never direct, is always a form of
partial interpretation, and often uses metaphor when it thinks it is
being literal. It is this central use of deconstruction to subvert our
conﬁdence in logical, ethical, and political commonplaces that has
proved most revolutionary – and typical of postmodernism.

All this can give us the conﬁdence to break away from an allegiance
to any ‘given’ systems, and to believe that the way we see the world
can and should be changed. Deconstructors, liberals, and Marxists
can all get into some kind of alliance here, in denying that any
dominant ideology, or post-Enlightenment, Kantian,
universalizing, or imperialist language, can really describe the way
things are.

Playing with the text
Deconstruction (particularly as practised by literary critics) was
culturally most inﬂuential when it refused to allow an intellectual
activity, or a literary text, or its interpretation, to be organized by
any customary hierarchy of concepts, and particularly those
exempliﬁed above. In performing these tasks deconstruction
disrupted the text’s organization, and contested what it saw as
merely ‘arbitrary’ delimitations of its meanings. This was because
21

New ways of seeing the world

For the relativist claim is that once we see our conceptual systems in
this way, we can also see that the world, its social systems, human
identity even, are not givens, somehow guaranteed by a language
which corresponds to reality, but are constructed by us in language,
in ways that can never be justiﬁed by the claim that this is the way
that such things ‘really are’. We live, not inside reality, but inside our
representations of it. (In a notorious Derridean aside – ‘there is
nothing outside the text’, only the more text that we use to try to
describe or analyse that to which texts purport to refer.)

2. From Ray Federman, Take It or Leave It : A Novel (1976).
The play of postmodernist ﬁction with theory is best when it is also
comic.

the ‘differance’, or semi-concealed dependence of one concept on
others in its family, is illimitable. We could travel right through
the dictionary on the pathways opened up by one word. This
notion of a dynamically inter-related, potentially unlimited
language ﬁeld, helped to ally deconstructive theory to the
experimental attitudes of many avant-gardist, postmodernist
writers. The ‘new novelists’ in France and a number of American
experimental writers, such as Walter Abish, Donald Barthelme,
Robert Coover, and Ray Federman, were inﬂuenced by such ideas.
The language and conventions of texts (and pictures and music)
became something to play with – they were not committed to
delimited arguments or narratives. They were the mere
disseminators of ‘meanings’.

Most importantly, the reader/listener/spectator involved in the
articulation or interpretation of this play of language should act
independently of any supposed intentions of the author. Attention
to an author would privilege quite the wrong thing, for seeing him
or her as an origin, or a delimiting authority, for the meaning of the
text was an obvious example of the (logocentric) privileging of a
particular set of meanings. Why should these not originate in the
reader just as much as the author? Authorial (or historical)
intention should no more be trusted than realism. There thus arose
a new notion of the text, as a ‘free play of signs within language’.
This proclamation of ‘The Death of the Author’, notably by Barthes
and Foucault, also had the political advantage of doing away with
him or her as the bourgeois, capitalist, owner and marketer of his or
her meanings.
As Barthes put it:
We know now that a text is not a line of words releasing a single
‘theological’ meaning (the ‘message of the Author-God’) but a
multidimensional space in which a variety of writings, none of them

23

New ways of seeing the world

The Death of the Author

original, blend and clash . . . Literature . . . by refusing to assign a
‘secret’, an ultimate meaning, to the text, (and to the world as text)
liberates what may be called an anti-theological activity, an activity
that is truly revolutionary since to refuse to ﬁx meaning is in the end
to refuse God and his hypostasis – reason, science, law.
Roland Barthes, ‘The Death of the Author’, in

Postmodernism

Image-Music-Text (1977)

The text, as really constructed by the reader, was thereby
liberated and democratized for the free play of the imagination.
Meanings became the property of the interpreter, who was free
to play, deconstructively, with them. It was thought to be both
philosophically wrong and politically retrogressive to attempt
to determine the meaning of a text, or any semiotic system, to
particular ends. All texts were now liberated to swim, with
their linguistic or literary or generic companions, in a sea of
intertextuality in which previously accepted distinctions
between them hardly mattered, and to be seen collectively as
forms of playful, disseminatory rhetoric (rather like Derrida’s
own lectures, which became freewheeling, disorganized,
unfocused, lengthy monologues). The pursuit of verbal
certainties in interpretation was thought to be as reactionary
in its implications as was the manufactured consensus of the
established political order.

Metaphor
The plausibility of this way of seeing texts as forms of
(deconstructable) rhetorical play, however truth-telling in
intention, was greatly reinforced by the thesis, inherited from
Nietzsche and a reading of Plato, that right through language
(including the most ‘realistic’ parts of George Eliot) the apparently
literal is also really metaphorical. Philosophy and history (neither
any longer to be privileged as literal, or truth-telling, discourses)
can be read as if they were literature, and vice versa. We need no
longer believe in the literal (as a kind of language referring
24

unambiguously to reality) because all candidates for the literal can
be shown to be metaphorical when more closely analysed.
This view of language in general has met with a growing acceptance
from many linguists, notably as led, not uncontroversially, by
George Lakoff and Mark Johnson, who acknowledge the inﬂuence
of Derrida in seeing the whole of everyday language as organized by
metaphor. To that extent they too are inclined to argue that a
philosophically ‘objectivist’ view of the world is untenable. Such
linguistic work has attempted to show that we actually think, every
day, through interlocking conceptual systems based on metaphors,
which cannot be reduced in any way to a ‘more literal’ language and
so are very unlikely to be simply or systematically compatible with
one another.

These arguments enchanted a very large number of literary critics
in the 1970s and early 1980s, and they still do. For deconstruction
of this kind was an avant-garde, sceptical, contradiction-revealing
strategy, which could undermine, subvert, expose, ‘undo’, and
transgress any text. What is more, it had exciting political
implications, since it showed the indubitable superiority of the
deconstructor’s ‘insights’ to the text’s unwitting ‘blindness’ to the
contradictions it encoded. To deconstruct a poem, text, or
discourse is to show how it (actually) undermines the philosophy it
(seems to) assert, or the hierarchical oppositions on which it
overtly relies. And deconstruction was most effective when the
25

New ways of seeing the world

It was the political and ethical consequences of this kind of analysis
that were of interest to postmodernists in general. For the
deconstructors had maintained that all systems of thought, once
seen as metaphorical, inevitably led to contradictions or paradoxes
or impasses or ‘aporias’, to use the Derridean word (which is the
rhetorical term for a dubitative question). This is because for
Derrideans the metaphorical characteristics of a language system
will always ensure that it actually fails to command (or master) the
subject matter which it purports to explain.

contradictions it thus revealed were of moral or political
importance.
Here is a rather rough example of a deconstructive approach, based
on part of a poem by the young Tennyson, who writes of his:
Reverèd Isabel, the crown and head,
The stately ﬂower of female fortitude,
Of perfect wifehood and pure lowlihead.
II
The intuitive decision of a bright
And thorough-edged intellect to part
Error from crime; a prudence to withhold;
The laws of marriage charactered in gold
Postmodernism

Upon the blanched tablets of her heart;
A love still burning upward, giving light
To read those laws; an accent very low
In blandishment, but a most silver ﬂow
Of subtle-paced counsel in distress,
Right to the heart and brain, though undescried,
Winning its way with extreme gentleness
Through all the outworks of suspicious pride;
A courage to endure and to obey;
A hate of gossip parlance, and of sway,
Crowned Isabel, through all her placid life,
The queen of marriage, a most perfect wife.

This is meant to praise, in fulsomely religiose language, but the
topics chosen to reinforce these strategies can be seen to be,
within our own historical context, objectionable. And the
deconstructor can say that their inadequacy to our sense of reality
(or rather to political correctness) will derive from the fact that
they are really based on fantasy, that is on an uneasy relationship
between the literal and the metaphorical in the poem. They will
reveal within themselves, if we look carefully, an unease about the
26

very distinctions on which they trade. And so the poem will fall
apart.

In arguing that language can lead us astray in this way, and that
‘reality’ can never be wholly or convincingly mastered,
deconstruction refuses to accept the possibility of any sustained
realism in the texts it attacks. This attack on realism is absolutely
central to all types of postmodernist activity. But in refusing to come
inside any existing system, or to make any exposition of one, in
anything but a playful or evasive manner, it also has to deny the
possibility of proposing a system of its own, without betraying its
own premises. Hence the accusation frequently made against
27

New ways of seeing the world

For a highly objectionable dominance of men over women is
disguised (and made acceptable, to men at least) by the pretence
that women can indeed ‘reign’ over men – but only in morally
acceptable ways. They have the virtue, we have the power. But
virtue, particularly of the peculiarly self-abnegating kind praised by
Tennyson, isn’t a power at all. It is allowed to arise only in a
metaphorical (rather than a literal, marriage) context in which
women are powerless: hence the unfortunate conjunction of
‘perfect wifehood and pure lowlihead’. What is more, Isabel can use
her intelligence only intuitively when dividing error from crime
(reinforcing the old opposition, women are intuitive and men
reasonable). And just in case her intuition lets her down, she carries
the Moses-like ‘laws of marriage’ around with her as an aidememoire, which is furthermore ‘charactered’ on the pure, blank
‘blanched tablets of her heart’. Even her heart is white, bloodless,
and empty: she is indeed a tabula rasa for male fantasy. Even the
love she feels is allowed to do little more than engender ‘light / to
read those laws’. Her only weapons in ‘distress’ are gentleness, and a
courage which is signiﬁcantly tempered by obedience. She doesn’t
want ‘sway’, and yet she is god-like, since there is no harm in a
worship that doesn’t directly confront sexual differences.
Tennyson’s poem, paradoxically and to its own deconstruction,
subordinates Isabel while praising her to the skies.

Postmodernism

deconstructor postmodernists, that they are just sceptics who cannot
make signiﬁcant moral or political commitments. Deconstructors
too often, true to their own premises, tangle themselves up in a
perpetual regress of qualiﬁcation. Much deconstructive criticism
(for example, Geoffrey Hartman’s Glas and much of the work of Paul
de Man and Hillis Miller) now seems to be self-indulgent and selfabsorbed, and ultimately uncommitted to anything that matters.
Those examples of deconstructive interpretation that are most
convincing in fact arbitrarily arrest this playful regress for the
purpose of standing by a thesis that isn’t, at least immediately, being
criticized. Out-and-out deconstructors can never quite get away
from the accusation that their work is at best a form of pragmatic
criticism of our beliefs, and is in the end in the same old
philosophical business of pointing out, not so much that if you
contradict yourself, you haven’t said anything (which would for
them be far too much tied to a literal, traditional, truth-telling
logic), as that if you contradict yourself, you open up all sorts of
interesting pathways for exploration. After all, according to them,
we will all inevitably do this, and the only possible response to that
is to make another move in the game, not to be so bold as to rule out
some moves as simply illegitimate. Traditional deconstruction is not
so much a testable theory, then, as a continuing ‘project’.

Scepticism and ideology
Deconstruction, deeply academic and self-involved though it mostly
was, supported a general move towards relativist principles in
postmodernist culture. It left postmodernists not particularly
interested in empirical conﬁrmation and veriﬁcation in the sciences.
They often saw this as contaminated by an association with the
military-industrial complex, the use of a rigid technological
rationality for social control, and so on. It also meant that the
followers of Lyotard and Derrida tended to believe in ‘stories’ rather
than in testable theories. Postmodernists, having abandoned their
belief in traditional (‘realistic’) philosophy, history, and science
28

under the inﬂuence of French thought, thus became more and more
the theorizers of the (delusive) workings of culture, and that is why
most of my examples of the application of the philosophical and
political ideas of postmodernism are drawn from the arts.
Postmodernist thought sees the culture as containing a number of
perpetually competing stories, whose effectiveness depends not so
much on an appeal to an independent standard of judgement, as
upon their appeal to the communities in which they circulate – like
rumour in Northern Ireland. As Seyla Benhabib points out, for
Lyotardians:
Transcendental guarantees of truth are dead; in the agonal struggle
of language games there is no commensurability; there are no
struggle of local narratives vying with one another for legitimation.
Seyla Benhabib, Situating the Self (1992)

Postmodernism thus involved a highly critical epistemology, hostile
to any overarching philosophical or political doctrine, and strongly
opposed to those ‘dominant ideologies’ that help to maintain the
status quo.
Nevertheless, many postmodernists allied the Derridean style of
critique to a more constructively subversive ideology. They saw that
pointing out an unwitting allegiance to a contradictory position
(like that of Tennyson) was very much what Marx and Freud had
been up to. Marx had maintained that workers are in a state of ‘false
consciousness’: they assent to the bourgeois proposition that they
are giving their labour freely as autonomous individuals to the
market, but they are really imprisoned by economically determined
structures of class antagonism. This was known with certainty to
Marxist theorists of this period (and in very non-Derridean terms)
as ‘real power relations’. Freudians could similarly argue that the
conﬂict between the superego (conforming to socially sanctioned
beliefs) and unconscious secret or repressed desires (for example,
29

New ways of seeing the world

criteria of truth transcending local discourses, but only the endless

Postmodernism

for sexual expression) would inevitably lead to internal
contradictions, which are open to a Derridean reading. And so,
paradoxically enough, in concentrating on the notion of hidden
contradiction, many postmodernists allied themselves to two highly
disputable, and certainly totalizing, 19th-century ideologies.
Of course, it is possible to point out such ideology-undoing internal
contradictions without claiming at the same time to have an
alternative overall solution to society’s problems. One can analyse
contradictions to point to social tension without implicitly offering
a general Marxist or Freudian solution, simply by promoting the
thesis discussed above, that all language systems will be found to
contain contradictions because they are essentially metaphorical.
Not surprisingly, this aspect of postmodernism appealed immensely
to literary and cultural critics, who could apply themselves to any
material, and not just to those texts, particularly poems, or
historical periods, such as the Romantic Era, which pretty well
asked for their contradictions to be revealed. The deconstructive
methods of philosophy were easily adapted to the paradox-hunting,
metaphor-undoing techniques of literary theory, to which they gave
an often spurious and portentous signiﬁcance. In the work of de
Man, Hillis Miller, and other Yale-situated disciples of Derrida, a
great deal of enlivening attention was paid to the self-defeating
rhetoric of argument in literary works and elsewhere, particularly
by an analysis of their hidden metaphors, of the kind exempliﬁed
above. Works of art were seen as inexorably disabled by the
contradictory implications of the ﬁgurative, and so – and this is the
point – they were cut off from any reliable relationship to history,
and from any sustained claims as to matters of empirical fact. In
this way, the philosophy behind deconstruction inspired a huge
expansion of interest in literary theory, whose concerns came to
dominate whole schools of literary criticism.
The best protection against this kind of critique, and the best way of
signalling that one was up to date enough to be aware of it, whether
in doing philosophy, making theory, or creating art, was to become
30

very self-conscious indeed concerning one’s own position, and to
build in the appropriate qualiﬁcations about it. This self-conscious
reﬂexivity, whose symptom was a frequent recourse to
metalanguages, was seen by some as the hallmark of philosophy
under postmodern conditions. In a great amount of postmodernist
work, then, a reﬂexive self-critique or regress is literally written into
the ‘text’. This can be seen in Godard’s ﬁlms, which are, according to
the Marxist theorist Frederic Jameson,
resolutely postmodernist in that they conceive of themselves as
sheer text, as a process of production of representations that have no
truth content, are, in this sense, sheer surface or superﬁciality. It is
this conviction which accounts for the reﬂexivity of the Godard ﬁlm,
its resolution to use representation against itself to destroy the
Frederic Jameson, cited in Hans Bertens, The Idea of the
Postmodern (1994)

This postmodernist awareness of the work as text, even if it is a ﬁlm
or a painting or a fashion show, sees any signiﬁcant cultural product
as continuous with all other uses of natural language. This avoided
any ‘aesthetic’ privileging of the individual artwork and its unitary
organization, which was seen as a typically modernist error. The
claim was rather that the work had a continuity with all other texts.
Postmodernist deconstruction thus forced another parallel between
the discourse of philosophy (a highly technical discipline which
returns again and again to the same problems, and roots out
contradiction) and that of works of art, and indeed all the
discourses of society.
Given the severe restraints that it placed upon the possibility of
achieving the unity of coherent argument, and the great suspicion
that arose concerning the more or less hidden debt of any work or
text to its predecessors, it came to be thought that any text, from
philosophy to the newspapers, involved an obsessional repetition or
intertextuality. Just as much as philosophy, which since Plato has
31

New ways of seeing the world

binding or absolute status of any representation.

worried away at the same old problems, the novel will inevitably
reproduce or re-represent earlier positions, earlier ideas,
conventional modes of description, and so on. And not only Joyce’s
Ulysses, that is, a deliberately allusive modernist work, can do this.
As Umberto Eco, a signiﬁcant postmodern theorist, put it in his
amazingly popular postmodernist novel The Name of the Rose:
‘books always speak of other books, and every story tells a story that
has already been told’. This view ends up in a kind of textual
idealism, because all texts are seen as perpetually referring to other
ones, rather than to any external reality. No text ever ﬁnally
establishes anything about the world outside itself. It never comes
to rest, but merely, to use Derrida’s term, ‘disseminates’ variations
on previously established concepts or ideas.

Postmodernism

Rewriting history
As I have already asserted, all this activity kept realism of all kinds
in the dock. To attempt any form of realism was to fall into
philosophical error, and so the attempt to write history from the
hitherto dominant positivist or empiricist point of view was
doomed to failure. Once again, postmodernist thought, by analysing
everything as text and rhetoric, tended to push hitherto
autonomous intellectual disciplines in the direction of literature –
history was just another narrative, whose paradigm structures were
no better than ﬁctional, and was a slave to its own (often
unconsciously used) unrealized myths, metaphors, and stereotypes.
Its sources, however objective or evidence-based they might seem to
be, were in the end just another inter-related series of multiply
interpretable texts, and even its causal explanations could be shown
to derive from, and hence to repeat, well-known ﬁctional plots.
This view of the writing of history is an essential test of
postmodernist doctrine as it affects all parts of our culture. If even
history fails, under postmodernist scrutiny, to come up to the
previously dominant ‘realist’ or ‘positivist’ criteria for its writing,
then literature, which is further removed from history, cannot make
32

any strong realist claims either. The basic postmodernist claim here
is that the notion of objective reconstruction according to the
evidence is just a myth. Historians can’t simply tell us how things
were, or how they are, because, as Alun Munslow puts it, all
‘meaning is generated by socially encoded and constructed
discursive practices that mediate reality so much that they
effectively close off direct access to it’. History is therefore at base
just another more or less socially acceptable narrative, competing
for our attention and our assent; just another way of putting things,
which will survive, or not, through a process of discussion and
debate. What is more, its elaborate causal constructions and
explanations are essentially put together in the way that ﬁctional
narratives are. As Hayden White writes:

as much invented as found and the forms of which have more in
common with their counterparts in literature than they have with
those in the sciences.
Hayden White, ‘The Historical Text as a Literary Artifact’ in his
Tropics of Discourse (1978)

All history books tell you a story, where the most basic evidence or
facts, such as that ‘Napoleon was short’ or that ‘Cleopatra’s nose was
a beautiful one and not a centimetre too long’ can give rise to
interminable, essentially disputable interpretations, which also
make factual claims, for example ‘ . . . and therefore Napoleon was
compensatorily aggressive, and Cleopatra irresistibly attractive’. For
these judgements will in their turn ﬁt into larger, typical narratives,
in which, for example, Napoleon’s conquests are largely to be
interpreted as manifestations of his character rather than of
underlying economic conditions, or, as Shakespeare seems to have
believed following Plutarch, Antony ﬂed from the Battle of Actium
because of Cleopatra’s amazing erotic appeal. It doesn’t matter
whether the storyteller here is a great historian or William
Shakespeare: they both ﬁx upon a narrative shape or genre for what
they have to tell us, which they will borrow from the currently
33

New ways of seeing the world

historical narratives . . . are verbal ﬁctions, the contents of which are

Postmodernism

available conventions for making them. Some postmodernistinﬂuenced histories, for example Simon Schama’s Citizens: A
Chronicle of the French Revolution (1989) and Orlando Figes’s A
People’s Tragedy: The Russian Revolution 1891–1921 (1996), make
this narrative function quite clear. We are following a story, but no
historian can claim that this one is the story, even if that is what he
or she is aiming at. Apart from anything else, the relationship
between the ‘invented’ or ‘constructed’ and the ‘found’ or the
‘evidential’ will always be a matter of dispute or interpretation. This
is certainly so for the complex cases that are most interesting to us:
very simple accounts, which show that the relationship of fact to
story can at least in some cases be ‘indisputable’, won’t get us very
far with an understanding of the cultural practices of writing
history of the kind that counts in the world, such as informs our
understanding of the relationship of American historical writing to
beliefs about the Cold War, or of the left-wing history of dissent and
opposition, or whether the Rosenbergs were guilty, or how Kennedy
came to be shot in Texas. And the cultural selectivity (from this
point of view) of most historical accounts has been amply
demonstrated by feminist historians.
What is more, at the most basic level, the novelist and the historian
will be using a language full of tropes or metaphors; these also
signify to us the way in which history is far from being concerned
with mere literal facts. It isn’t just the causal relationships of the
historical plot that are at issue here, but all the conventional and
not-so-conventional pathways in language that we have inherited.
And from this, according to the postmodernists, other
characteristics of history might be expected to ﬂow. Most obviously,
if the very possibility of a realist history is denied, if facts are always
to be seen as merely relative to the theoretical presuppositions
which constitute them, and to the interpretations which are made
of them, and if the evidence is always to be seen in relation to the
construction of a context for it, even the most dry-as-dust,
apparently non-narrative approach to historical evidence or
34

But what, then, of our sense of the true, the reliable, the probably
true, when we read history? Even consciously postmodernist
reconstructionists are trying to help us to form better beliefs about
what they think actually happened. And there is such a thing as a
more or less adequately descriptive narrative. A large amount of
correspondence between language and reality is possible. Hardly
anyone is in favour of suppressing what is generally accepted as
evidence. There is a strong sense in which historians are not free
just to make things up, as controversy over the ‘Holocaust deniers’
has shown. But then realist novelists aren’t particularly free to make
things up either. They have to know much of what the historian
knows, and more. Postmodernist relativism needn’t mean that
anything goes, or that faction and ﬁction are the same as history.
What it does mean is that we should be more sceptically aware,
more relativist about, more attentive to, the theoretical assumptions
which support the narratives produced by all historians, whether
they see themselves as empiricists or deconstructors or as
postmodernist ‘new historicists’.
35

New ways of seeing the world

‘primary sources’ will inevitably carry narrrative presuppositions.
History will have an essentially mythological shape, which reveals
itself most clearly in ﬁction and provides the basic conceptual
structure for history. If it is accepted that the use of such essentially
interpretative structures is inevitable, then postmodernist
relativism is the norm, because these competing, myth-derived
structures are clearly in competition. If direct access to the past is
denied, all we can have are competing stories, which are variously
given coherence by their historian narrators, and the past is no
more than what the historians, whom we rely upon for various
cultural reasons, try to say that it is. And what is more, for many
postmodernists, the narrative structures favoured by historians will
carry unavoidable and possibly objectionable philosophical or
ideological implications – for example, a far too novelistic and
bourgeois belief in the importance of individual human agency in
preference to an attribution to underlying economic structures, as
in the examples cited above.

Postmodernism

This applies as much to postmodernist as to traditional historians.
To give an example (reported in Richard Evans’s In Defence of
History, see References), when Diane Purkiss attacks Keith
Thomas’s account of witches, as being often enough powerless old
beggar-women, she says that he is simply repeating an ‘enabling
myth’ in which men’s ‘historical identity is grounded in the
powerlessness and speechlessness of women’. Richard Evans
replies to this, in support of Thomas, that ‘poor single old women
were often accused of witchcraft because, far from being
speechless, they cursed those men who refused them alms’. It
seems as though Thomas’s empirical claims here have simply run
foul of Purkiss’s rival organizing principle for historical narrative –
that it should be used to support contemporary notions of female
empowerment.
An exact correspondence between narrative and ‘the past’ is not
possible. We can describe the ‘same’ event in many different ways,
our access to the evidence is always mediated, nothing is simply
transparent, and there are always absences and gaps and biases to
be dealt with. But narratives can still be more or less adequate to the
(interpreted) evidence, and new evidence can still overturn
narratives. Moreover, not all literary forms of narrative are equally
appopriate to historical periods and events. As Munslow points out,
the 1944 Warsaw Ghetto Uprising is not equally appropriately
narrated, and therefore well interpreted, if it is seen as romance, as
farce, and as tragedy. The best we can have is a debate about the
nature and meaning of past events, and postmodernists (and plenty
of others) say that this debate should be kept as open and as
rigorous as possible. The penalty of a lack of vigilance is that some
‘ofﬁcial version’ may come to represent for us a true and ﬁnal
account of the past. It may also thus come to form part of an
unjustiﬁable, because clearly distorting, ‘dominant ideology’ within
its receiving society, as seems to have happened to both sides in the
period of the Cold War. On this account the deconstructionist
historian differs from the others only in a tendency to worry aloud,
as he or she writes, about the difﬁculties of the job.
36

Attacking science
Postmodernists got into their most radical political positions (and
their most obvious difﬁculties) in attacking the objectivist claims of
science. For scientists obviously think of themselves as contributing
to the construction of some unifying theory or ‘grand récit’ for their
subject matter, and they think that they are trying to complete a
picture of what is really ‘out there’ (though this formulation also has
its obviously misleading metaphorical model behind it). Can we
have a ‘picture’ of a black hole or of an n + 4-dimensional space?

Most of us think of scientists as those who really know how things
are: they reveal the nature of nature; their knowledge of causal laws
enables us to produce inventions that make a difference, like
microchips; their standards of evidence, of veriﬁcation and general
consensus, which ultimately control the paradigms or conceptual
frameworks within which they work, are (or should be) the best
we know (far better, for example, than those current amongst
economists). That is what a Nobel Prize means.
But postmodernists do not like this picture. They have attacked the
basic claims traditionally made by scientists:
37

New ways of seeing the world

The claims of science were to be called into question. And yet who
could now seriously deny the ‘grand narrative’ of evolution, except
someone in the grip of a far less plausible master narrative such as
Creationism? And who would wish to deny the truth of basic
physics? The answer was, ‘some postmodernists’, on the political
grounds, inter alia, that the hierarchizing logic of scientiﬁc thought
is inherently and objectionably subordinating. For example, Bruno
Latour’s (absurd) contention that Einstein’s relativity theory is ‘a
contribution to the sociology of delegation’ since it involves the
writer, Einstein, of the scientiﬁc paper imagining the sending out of
observers, to make timed measurements of events, which are then
shown by the theory to be relative to one another; for Latour, it
seems, social concepts can explain basic science.

(1) that they can describe and analyse, objectively and truthfully, and
therefore with a universal application, the physical reality which
surrounds us, and
(2) that their scientiﬁc inquiry is a disinterested pursuit of truths about
reality, which are also universalizable, in that they are true
everywhere, quite independent of any merely local cultural
constraints, and in particular independent of any of the more or
less hidden moral or ideological motivations which may have

Postmodernism

inspired their discovery.

For postmodernists, who are good relativists, scientists can have no
such privileges: they promote just ‘one story among many’, their
pretensions are unjustiﬁed. They do not so much ‘discover’ the
nature of reality as ‘construct’ it, and so their work is open to all the
hidden biases and metaphors which we have seen postmodernist
analysis reveal in philosophy and ordinary language. The key
questions about science should not therefore just centre on its
inﬂated (logocentric) claims to truth, but on the political questions
aroused by its institutional status and application, shaped as they
are by the ideological agendas of powerful elites. This is an extreme
version of the relativism we have already encountered, for the attack
on science is not just about philosophical constructions of the
world, which have always been in dispute, but about those
empirically based analyses of the world (in medicine and computer
development, as much as in aeronautics and bomb manufacture)
that seem to have been most successfully ‘true’.
In considering this postmodernist attack, we need, in the interests
of clarity, to keep the epistemological and the ideological issues as
separate as possible. It is, of course, the point that deconstructive
postmodernists and their followers wish to make, that these two
claims are not, from their point of view, separable at all. But I refuse
simply to assume that they are right. For it is surely perfectly
obvious, and nothing new, that the motivations for and
consequences of scientiﬁc discovery are open to moral and political
38

criticism. Many of those who worked on the atom bomb, notably
Robert Oppenheimer, were acutely aware of that. Quantum
mechanics, genetic engineering, and our scientiﬁc knowledge of the
global climate of course have interestingly different relationships to
the ﬁnancing and pursuit of Western political and military
objectives. But these contextual judgements can be accepted
without it following that the core activities of scientists are
somehow unsuccessful in arriving at the most reliable way of
analysing nature we can manage. There is something very odd
indeed in the belief that in looking, say, for causal laws or a uniﬁed
theory, or in asking whether atoms really do obey the laws of
quantum mechanics, the activities of scientists are somehow
inherently ‘bourgeois’ or ‘Eurocentric’ or ‘masculinist’, or even
‘militarist’.

As two professors of physics, Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont, have
devastatingly pointed out, postmodernist critics of science often
grossly fail to understand the empirical claims of science and the
ways in which its key theoretical terms work, and often subsitute for
them, when they apply scientiﬁc modes of thought to the political
world, a number of tendentiously vague and misleading metaphors.
The result is, as Sokal and Bricmont put it, ‘mystiﬁcation,
39

New ways of seeing the world

This is, partly at least, because the truths of science, rather than
those of politics or religion, seem as a matter of fact to be equally
valid for socialist, African, feminist, and paciﬁst scientists (though
some persons in these categories deny this). For empirical scientists
only accept truths that have this universalizable character. Aspirin
works everywhere. It is one of the things that they are not willing to
be (politically or culturally) relativist about. Although every
scientist can think of cases in which political pressure has led to bad
science (as in the ofﬁcial Soviet view of plant genetics, Lysenkoism)
and, hopefully, to good science (as in the investigation of AIDS), the
results of such investigations will only stand in the long run within
the community of scientists if they meet the usual tests, which are
independent of any political context.

Postmodernism

deliberately obscure language, confused thinking, and the misuse of
scientiﬁc concepts’. For example, Jean Baudrillard claims that in the
Gulf War ‘the space of the event has become a hyperspace with
multiple refractivity and the space of war has become deﬁnitively
non-Euclidean’. Sokal and Bricmont comment on this that the
concept of ‘hyperspace’ offered here simply ‘does not exist in either
mathematics or physics’ and that it makes no sense to ask what a
Euclidean space of war would be like, let alone to hypothesize the
kind of space which Baudrillard has just ‘invented’ through his
misunderstanding and misuse of scientiﬁc terminology.
And so one reply from scientists to postmodernists is that the latter
may have an entirely worthy interest in the sociology and politics
of science, but simply don’t understand its actual workings, and
the nature of the truths it attempts to establish, very well. This
riposte parallels the reproach, from philosophers in the AngloAmerican tradition, that postmodernists don’t understand the
workings and successes of logocentric philosophy very well either,
and that this may be because the most prestigious postmodernist
theorists don’t seem to be very interested in constructive dialogue
with anyone but each other. Their eagerness to embrace what seem
to be ‘politically correct’ positions has too often led them to express
utterly bizarre and ill-informed, not to say politically biased,
accounts of what scientists are doing. This is the main burden of
the publications of Sokal and others (notably after Sokal in 1994
had a hoax account of scientiﬁc activity, full of elementary
scientiﬁc howlers and non sequiturs, published by a postmodernist
journal, Social Text).
For many postmodernist attacks on science, which attempt to
demonstrate the inherently political characteristics of empiricist
Western scientiﬁc activity, are not just ill-informed but peculiarly
Pickwickian, in that they tend to do little more than import
metaphors or analogies into the ﬁndings of science, to the point that
under the kind of deconstructive analysis described above they look
as though they imply some kind of political statement or position
40

that is in fact quite irrelevant to the truths they are trying to
establish.

There are two issues here. One is the metaphorical resonance that
various accounts of the egg and sperm have in relationship to
gender stereotypes – for example, Scott Gilbert builds on this to
write (vulgarly) about ‘fertilisation as a kind of martial gang-rape’ –
‘the egg is a whore attracting the soldiers like a magnet’, and so on.
But this resonance is in any case a gross exaggeration: no such
phrases actually appear in the serious scientiﬁc literature on this
subject. All of this metaphorical interpretation, typical though it is
of postmodernist concerns, seems to me relatively trivial and silly,
and doesn’t have far to go, because anyone who wanted to
41

New ways of seeing the world

For example, there is a much referred to article by the anthropologist
Emily Martin on ‘The Egg and the Sperm’, which argues that ‘the
picture of egg and sperm drawn in popular as well as scientiﬁc
accounts of reproductive biology relies on stereotypes central to our
cultural deﬁnitions of male and female’. ‘The stereotypes imply not
only that female biological processes are less worthy than their male
counterparts but also that women are less worthy than men’. In
such literature, it is asserted, we have a ‘passive’, ‘coy damsel’ female
egg, versus the ‘active’, ‘macho’ male sperm, and it does indeed seem
that some textbook accounts do employ this tendentious imagery.
But there is more to it than this. Patriarchal scientists are supposed
by their postmodernist critics to have inevitably, given their
subjective and politically contaminated presuppositions, got the
science of this relationship wrong. For it is now believed that the
(female) egg actively ‘grabs the (male) sperm’ (which has swum a
long way before this happens). But did male ideological
presuppositions about male superiority and aggression as a matter
of fact hold up or block the new view? Does it make sense, as an
account of scientiﬁc activity, to say that any such presuppositions
could have produced this particular hold up? (This is not to deny
that male preoccupations have indeed held up the proper
investigation of female physiology.)

Postmodernism

generalize either view of sperm and egg relations to justify or
explain the nature of any larger-scale male–female interactions
would surely be expressing a ludicrous essentialism – ‘it’s been like
that from the sperm and egg on’. This sort of thing rather misses the
point about the potential for adjustment in male–female relations;
but it also makes a much more damaging second implication about
science – that there was a failure of objectivity here, and that the
‘new’ discovery corrected a masculinist bias in scientiﬁc work. But,
as Paul Gross shows, it is quite false to claim that male scientists
had ignored the active role of the female egg until prodded into
admitting it by feminists. It had been pointed out by Just in 1919
(also citing a paper of 1878) that the egg ‘pulls in’ or ‘engulfs’ the
sperm. And this view was common, says Gross, in textbooks from
1920 onwards.
All these radical postmodernist arguments are now under severe
attack, but they have very much changed the way in which the
scientiﬁc disciplines are perceived within American and European
culture, towards a more sceptical, and politicized, view.
Of course, it hardly needs to be added that ‘realist’ history and novel
writing, ﬁlm making, science, and newspaper reporting also
continued on their way in the era of postmodernist theory; they had
a high level of general acceptability, so that many of those attracted
to postmodernist art and theory must have found themselves living
in two opposing epistemological worlds.
This battle between postmodernists and others in philosophy and
theory and history and science was basically about the claims of
uniﬁcatory versus contradictionist talk, the contrast between
cooperative constructing and individualist deconstructing. But each
side needs the other. Postmodernists liberally opposed all holistic
explanations (even if they sometimes readmitted them through the
back door by promoting arguments which were in sympathy with
those of Freud and Marx), and their oppositional, negative
postmodernist critique was, as we shall see, in many ways
42

immensely liberating, certainly for women, for cultural minorities,
and for much of the artistic avant-garde. An artist’s ideas can
perhaps more truly be seen as ‘play’ than those of a historian or
scientist, or indeed of a lawyer, who could hardly apply a
postmodernist scepticism to the law of evidence or to the notion
that one way or another the courts are designed to test the truth or
probability of two alternative accounts of what actually happened.
Postmodernist critical techniques were much more successfully
applied to ethical and social problems, for example to the ‘undoing’
of the ‘grand recit’ of patriarchy and the defence of women against
its dominance. I turn now to these ethical and political concerns.

New ways of seeing the world

43

Chapter 3
Politics and identity

Yes, I could have been a judge but I never had the Latin, never had
the Latin for the judging, I just never had sufﬁcient of it to get
through the rigorous judging exam. They’re noted for their rigour.
People come staggering out saying, ‘My God, what a rigorous exam’
– and so I became a miner.
Peter Cook, Beyond the Fringe (1961)

The most important postmodernist ethical argument concerns the
relationship between discourse and power. A ‘discourse’ here means
a historically evolved set of interlocking and mutually supporting
statements, which are used to deﬁne and describe a subject matter.
Crudely, it’s the language of the main intellectual disciplines, for
example the ‘discursive practices’ of law, medicine, aesthetic
judgement, and so on. These discourses, as used by lawyers, doctors,
and others, do not just implicitly accept some kind of dominating
theory to guide them (for example, in the guise of a paradigm as
used by those engaged in orthodox science). They involve politically
contentious activities, not just because of the certainty with which
they describe and deﬁne people – who is an ‘immigrant’, or an
‘asylum seeker’, or a ‘criminal’, or ‘mad’, or a ‘terrorist’ – but because
such discourses at the same time express the political authority of
their users.
Prisoner: As God is my judge, my Lord, I am not guilty.
Judge: He is not. I am. You are. Six months.

44

The power of words
All reasonably systematic uses of language are to be seen as having a
particular power-enforcing function. You believe what the young
surgeon tells you, and so give him permission to anaesthetize you,
cut you up, and help you recover. The language game of the
discourse expresses and enacts the authority of those who are
empowered to use it within a social group, which includes hospitals,
law courts, boards of examiners, and professors like me writing
books like this. It can also be used to subordinate or exclude or
marginalize those who are outside it – witches, mesmerists, faith
healers, homosexuals, Communist sympathizers, anarchist
protesters. Here is one of the many connections with the
philosophical themes explored above.

The general juridical form that guaranteed a system of rights that
were egalitarian in principle was unsupported by these ﬁne,
everyday, physical mechanisms, by all those systems of micro-power
that are essentially non-egalitarian and asymmetrical that we call
the ‘disciplines’ such as exams, hospitals, prisons, the regulation of
workshops, schools, the army.
Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth
of the Prison (1977)

Foucault adopts the victim’s position, and analyses power from the
bottom up, and not simply as an imposition of the interests of the
class above. He tries to show that the will to exercise power beats
humanitarian egalitarianism every time, and implies that even the
45

Politics and identity

The most inﬂuential analysis of this relationship between
discourse and power was given by Michel Foucault in his studies
of the history of practices in law, penology, and medicine. Such
powerful discourses are rather obviously designed to exclude and
control people, such as those diagnosed as criminally insane or ill.
And these exclusions arise for Foucault in a classically Marxist
manner:

Postmodernism

Enlightenment reliance upon universal principle and reason is
always incipiently totalitarian, because the appeal to an alwayscorrect Reason is itself a system of control and will always exclude
what it makes marginal, simply by seeing it as non-rational. For
Foucault, these supposed irrationalities would include matters of
desire, feeling, sexuality, feminity, and art.
Foucault is deeply anti-progressive – he is an anti-Whig historian
who chronicles the rise of unfreedom. In doing this, he looks for
what he calls the ‘episteme’, that is, the largely unconscious
assumptions concerning intellectual order that underlie the
historical states of particular societies. These are the ‘historical a
priori’ conditions of a period, which ‘delimit the totality of
experience in a ﬁeld of knowledge’, deﬁne the mode of being of the
objects in the ﬁeld, and ‘provide man’s everyday perceptions with
theoretical powers’. They also deﬁne the conditions under which a
discourse can be ‘true’. We need to dig for this in history, hence what
Foucault calls the ‘archaeology’ of the episteme. These conditions lie
below perception, they are not always explicit, so that the episteme
is a kind of epistemological unconscious for an age.
Foucault subjects all this material to a leftist critique to show what
and whom it excludes, and how. Power and knowledge
fundamentally interact, for example when the medically trained
‘reasonable’ people deﬁne themselves against the ‘unreasonable’
and, having made their judgement, proceed to lock them up in
asylums. Sexists, racists, and imperialists all use similar techniques
– they make their ‘normalizing’ discourse prevail, and, in doing so,
they can actually create or bring into being the deviant or what
many postmodernists call the other. Their discourse actually helps
to create the subordinate identities of those who are excluded from
participation in it.
Foucault takes homosexuals, women, the criminally insane, nonwhites, and prisoners as standard examples of the ‘other’. This
opposition and antipathy is really quite obvious in schools, armies,
46

and in the process of imperial rule, and so postmodernist thought
has inspired much work on the nature of the ‘postcolonial
subject’. What is distinctive here of postmodernism is the basis of
the analysis in the linguistic – as we have already seen in looking
at Derrida and Barthes. People become signs, part of the play of
language – hence, for example, Laura Mulvey’s much-cited and
frequently reprinted ‘Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema’,
which includes the magniﬁcently overconﬁdent generalization
that
Woman, then stands in patriarchal culture as a signiﬁer for the male
other, bound by a symbolic order in which man can live out his
fantasies and obsessions through linguistic command by imposing
them on the silent image of a woman still tied to her place as a
bearer of meaning, not maker of meaning.

We thus talk people into being ( just as we do universities and the
Euro). But the postmodernists go on from this to make an
important, more general point. ‘Discourse’, from this point of view,
is like a Derridean language – it isn’t the property of controlling
individuals; it goes beyond them. Nor is it only to be found in
obviously formal contexts, like that of the law court. It is out and
about in society from top to bottom, from the pronouncements of
judges to scientiﬁc journals to TV advertisement, pop songs, and
the broadsheets of the day. And the more dominant a discourse is
within a group or society, the more ‘natural’ it can seem, and the
more it tends to appeal to the ways of nature to justify itself. ‘Nature’
as a whole may seem to proclaim the ordering powers of a god, or
the hidden order discovered by scientists; or to contain ‘breeds
beyond the pale’, or women, or the mad, who are to be thought of as
inherently, that is naturally, more animal, less reasonable, than ‘us’,
and so on. We internalize these subordinating norms, which, as
Derrida and Foucault point out, are often intimately part of our
language, without always realizing that this is what they are: we go
along with them unwittingly, as if they were facts about nature
47

Politics and identity

Screen 16, no. 3, Autumn 1975

Postmodernism

rather than psychologically and politically motivated features of our
talk about it.
The asylum, for example, as described by Foucault, is driven by the
discourses of the doctor, and mirrors the authoritarian structures
of the bourgeois society which surrounds it. It is a microcosm for
family, transgression, and madness relations. Foucault, on the other
hand (or rather, on the left), is in favour of ‘folly’, and against
bourgeois reason, and although his history of asylums is not nearly
as empirically well founded as it ought to be, the political point he
wished to make about authority and power went home. Like so
many in the 1960s (such as the analyst R. D. Laing in his The
Divided Self, or Ken Kesey in his novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s
Nest), Foucault casts the insane in the role of society’s victims, and
stresses society’s failure to see that the insane are also deeply
unhappy individuals. He makes a similar analysis (and a similar
overgeneralization) about prisons, which supposedly reveal the
basic ‘carceral’ nature of the society around them. Society, in
Foucault’s Kafkaesque rewrite of Orwell’s 1984, suffers from a
‘universal panopticism’. We are all being secretly surveyed and
controlled. But this is to pretend that the usual forms of social
control, like working to a routine and being supervised, are the
same thing as being in prison. But ‘society’ and ‘prison’ are not
the same.
I have given above some obvious examples of the abuse of power.
These offend our Enlightenment intuitions about universal justice
and the right of the individual to autonomy. But it is one of
Foucault’s many defects that he fails to give anything like an ethical
account of power in general. He wants ‘struggle’ rather than
submission, but he doesn’t very clearly say why. For him, ‘power’
seems to be a kind of electrical force, an inevitable accompaniment
to all human activity, like gravity. Although his thought
presupposes a leftist, indeed Marxist, analysis, he avoids any
obvious political commentaries and moral theories, and so in the
end, although he is a classical ‘resister’, he does little more than
48

recommend, rather as Lyotard does, small-scale, local reforms. As
Terry Eagleton puts it:
Foucault objects to particular regimes of power not on moral
grounds . . . but simply on the grounds that they are regimes as such,
and so, from some vague libertarian standpoint, repressive.
Terry Eagleton, The Illusions of Postmodernism (1996)

Readers of this book will have hardly failed to notice the
unwillingness of politicians to accept individual responsibility for
their actions, or even for that of their subordinates, as they used to
do. They also tend to express wildly prejudiced views, on the
grounds that they are held by ‘large numbers of people’, perhaps
recent immigrants or those seeking asylum, or neighbours of a
different ethnic group, and in doing so say that they are merely to be
seen as articulating those views as of political importance. In all
such cases they just allow discourse to wash through them. And
when their conduct has been questionable, they do not simply say ‘I
did not do it’ or ‘I did do it’, but rather claim to have been
exonerated or excused by the discourse of the report that has been
made upon their actions. To that extent, they indeed demonstrate
the Foucauldian episteme of their age, and with that the
49

Politics and identity

Just as importantly, in looking at the functions of discourse,
Foucault fails to allow for the ways in which it actually works
through individuals, and so he underestimates the importance of
individual agency and responsibility. We all know we should
distrust Angelo in Shakespeare’s Measure for Measure when he says
to Isabella, ‘It is the law not I, condemns your brother’. For
Foucauldians, it is not so much the individual who does dreadful
things as the discourse of power that ﬂows through him or her.
Foucault thus provides a sophisticated, language-based version of
the class antagonisms of Marx – he relies on beliefs about the
inherent evil of the individual’s class position, or professional
position, seen as ‘discourse’, regardless of the morality of his or her
individual conduct.

disadvantages of an inherently politicizing rather than a moral view
of individual responsibility.

Self and identity

Postmodernism

The analysis of the relation between discourse and power had a
further and important consequence for postmodernists. It led to a
distinctive view of the nature of the self which was a challenge to the
individualist rationalism, and the emphasis on personal autonomy,
of most liberals. Indeed, the term preferred by postmodernists to
apply to individuals is not so much ‘self’ as ‘subject’, because the
latter term implicitly draws attention to the ‘subject-ed’ condition of
persons who are, whether they know it or not, ‘controlled’ (if you are
on the left) or ‘constituted’ (if you are in the middle) by the
ideologically motivated discourses of power which predominate in
the society they inhabit.
The extraordinary achievement of Foucault and those who thought
like him was, given their analysis of the workings of power, to go on
to make one of the most inﬂuential of postmodernist claims – the
claim that such discourses entailed, imposed, demanded (the many
possibilities here constitute the interest of the claim) a particular
kind of identity for all those who were affected by them. In
postmodernist jargon, they ‘constitute the subject’. Of course, the
fact that institutions and their discourses demand that you be a
particular sort of person, to ‘ﬁt in’, was hardly unknown. Anyone
who has been in a school or sports team or military organization or
given birth to a baby in a hospital, let alone read some of the
‘Organization Man’ sociology of the 1950s, is to some degree aware
of this point. But the postmodernist argument was an exceptionally
subtle one. We don’t just play roles in such cases, but our very
identity, the notion we have of ourselves, is at issue when we are
affected by discourses of power. These, of course, run from those
which are directly concerned with matters of identity (in religion,
and in therapy from Freudianism to psycho-babble), to those which
are far less obviously so, as in the case of a woman responding to the
50

female lead in a male-dominated Hollywood ﬁlm, or to paintings
of the nude in the male-dominated museum, or the teenager in
front of the TV set. All discourses put you in your place. (I am as
usual citing examples that are more everyday and intuitively
appealing than the rather heavily buried and theorized examples
to be found in the abounding academic literature of
postmodernism.)

The subject is replaced by a system of structures, oppositions and
differances which, to be intelligible, need not be viewed as products
of a living subjectivity at all. You and I are the mere ‘sites’ of such
conﬂicting languages of power, and ‘the self’ is merely another
position in language.
Seyla Benhabib, Situating the Self (1992)

The consequences of this view of the nature of the individual can be
very clearly seen in many postmodernist literary texts, which
contrast in this respect with the liberal tradition of the novel as
continued in this period by writers like Angus Wilson, Iris
51

Politics and identity

Postmodernist critics go on to make political claims concerning the
nature of the ‘subject’. One of these is that the conﬂicting languages
of power which circulate through and within individuals actually
constitute the self. The subject cannot on this view ever ‘stand aside’
from actual social conditions and judge them from a rational,
autonomous point of view, as moral philosophers in the AngloAmerican Kantian tradition, like John Rawls and Thomas Nagel,
argue. The thoughts and expressions of the male individual, for
example, are seen as part of a pattern of contaminated, patriarchal
discourses, which are in any case in conﬂict, and of which he is the
mere epiphenomenon. This chucks out the Kantian, unifying ego in
favour of a postmodernist updating of the Freudian model, of
persons as undergoing an internal conﬂict between systems. As
Seyla Benhabib, a Professor of Government at Harvard University,
puts it (conﬂating as she does so Derridean and Foucauldian
language about language):

Murdoch, John Updike, Philip Roth, and Saul Bellow. For a literary
critic and historian of postmodernism like Linda Hutcheon, such
novels as Salman Rushdie’s Midnight’s Children challenge ‘the
humanist assumption of a uniﬁed self and an integrated
consciousness’. Postmodernist ﬁction
puts into question that entire series of interconnected concepts that
have come to be associated with what we conveniently label as
liberal humanism: autonomy, transcendence, certainty, authority,
unity, totalisation, system, universalisation, centre, continuity,
teleology, closure, hierarchy, homogeneity, uniqueness, origin.
Linda Hutcheon, A Poetics of Postmodernism (1988)

And so, in much recent American ﬁction

Postmodernism

The focus of attention has shifted from the psychology of character
(an irreducible essence, something ‘human’) to the inadequacy of
the concept of character, to a recognition of subjectivity as the trace
of plural and intersecting discourses, of non-uniﬁed, contradictory
ideologies, the product of a relational system which is ﬁnally that of
discourse itself.
Peter Currie, ‘Eccentric Selves’ in Malcolm Bradbury and
D. J. Palmer (eds), Contemporary American Fiction (1987)

A classic and inﬂuential instance is the title story of John Barth’s
Lost in the Funhouse (1968) in which the narrator, Ambrose,
describes the difﬁculty of writing a story called ‘Lost in the
Funhouse’ about a character called Ambrose who is lost in the
funhouse. He is supposed to be visiting Ocean City with his family,
some time during the last war, part of which involves going to a
funhouse. But he is described by an author who is perpetually aware
of the fact that he is telling a story, and that he is using literary
conventions to do so. ‘So far,’ he says, ‘there’s been no real dialogue,
very little sensory detail, and nothing in the way of a theme.’ And
Ambrose is just a function of his author’s story, so that ‘One possible
ending would be to have Ambrose come across another lost person
52

in the dark’. We are perpetually deprived of any illusion of
Ambrose’s autonomy, in favour of our seeing him (truthfully
enough) as the creature of the person who is writing him, who also
acts like a stereotypical Author, who (as his remarks about the
function of italics, or the lack of a climax in his own story, imply)
seems to be trying to apply the correct rules for narrative which he
has learned in writing school.
What goes for a character in a novel goes for authors: they too are
spoken by the language they give speech to. (That of the writing
school, for example.) And it goes too for the reader, who is in no
better case than the author, also being ‘dispersed among the
interstices of language, enmeshed with and ﬁnally lost among the
endless relay of signiﬁcation’. A ‘human being’ on this view is

construction, perpetually contradictory, perpetually open to change.
Catherine Belsey, Critical Practice (1980)

The postmodernist notion of human identity as essentially
constructed like a ﬁction is also to be found in the visual arts, as is to
be seen in Cindy Sherman’s series of photographs, Untitled Film
Stills (1977–80) and its successors. In each of these Sherman
impersonates ﬁlm actresses, disguising herself more or less in
different clothing and in different implied situations, which are
typical or stereotypical in ﬁlm. In the process we see her adapting
the discourses of ﬁlm to present herself in a photographic still as all
sorts of different people, but all (often satirical or parodic) versions
of femininity are seen in the discourses of a mass medium. Of
course, this is just another version of acting, but the photographs
are not based on any particular ﬁlm, and they rather schematically
raise questions about the ways in which Sherman can preserve or
not preserve an underlying identity in all these different roles. In so
doing they also put into question the notion of the ‘real’ Cindy
Sherman. Which photographs could possibly convince us that we
are seeing this? An open, sincere, emotional, or even naked one?
53

Politics and identity

not a unity, not autonomous, but a process, [is] perpetually in

3, 4. Untitled ﬁlm still (1977) by Cindy Sherman.
Cindy Sherman as Hitchcock or as Antonioni might have seen her;
but didn’t.

But each of these would be just the result of another convention,
another discourse.
For Roland Barthes the ideal postmodernist work of art recognizes
these strategies and playful limitations on human identity and
discourse, precisely because this play and division has desirable
moral consequences. It disposes of precisely that Kantian unity of
the person which makes for social order and moral orthodoxy.
The pleasure of the text does not prefer one ideology to another.
However this impertinence does not proceed from liberalism but
from perversion: the text, its reading, are split. What is overcome,
split, is the moral unity that society demands of every human
product.
Roland Barthes, The Pleasure of the Text (1975)

Such deconstructions of the moral unity of the subject, and the
(classically liberal) desire to help the self to evade some of the
repressive ideological boundaries it encounters, are very different
things. Indeed, the justiﬁcation for our desire to evade or redraw
such boundaries (such as those which confer sexual identity)
already depends on a notion of the new moral unity or integrity or
55

Politics and identity

Barthes exempliﬁes his own remarkably evasive doctrine in his
‘autobiographical’ works, notably through the novelistic conception
of himself in A Lover’s Discourse (1977) in which the grammar of
French in the original adroitly keeps the sexual orientation of the
protagonist ambiguous (as does the language of Auden’s love
poetry). And Roland Barthes by Roland Barthes (1975), an
autobiography, begins by announcing in an epigraph that ‘All of this
must be thought of as being said by a character in a novel’ [‘Tout
ceci doit être consideré comme dit par un personnage de roman’].
So there are two voices in the book, Barthes’s ‘own’ (or that of the
author) which we might infer, and that of Barthes as a ﬁctional
character. Barthes also reviewed his own book: this time with a
reviewer persona.

autonomy we can achieve, once the restrictive boundary is removed.
This becomes obvious when, for example, we are urged to recognize
the different but non-fractured identities of the homosexual and the
heterosexual (or of male and female) by refusing to fall into the
ideological trap analysed by Derrida of seeing the one as an inferior
version of the other. What postmodern theory helps us to see is that
we are all constituted in a broad range of subject positions, through
which we move with more or less ease, so that all of us are
combinations of class, race, ethnic, regional, generational, sexual,
and gender positions.

Postmodernism

Many postmodernists make this rather pessimistic analysis in the
hope of liberating us from it. Once we have been made aware of the
dire effects of contradictory discourses upon us, we are expected to
be able to ﬁnd some kind of way out.

The politics of difference
Postmodernists may not give a particularly convincing account of
the nature of the self as it might appear in a moral philosophy
concerned with responsibility, but they do very successfully adapt
Foucauldian arguments to show the ways in which discourses of
power are used in all societies to marginalize subordinate groups.
For such discourses of power do not just contribute to the
decentring and deconstruction of the self; they also serve to
marginalize those people who do not partake in them. Again, there
are plenty of these eccentric marginalized ﬁgures to be encountered
within postmodernist ﬁction, such as Coalhouse Walker in
Doctorow’s Ragtime, Fevvers in Angela Carter’s Nights at the
Circus, and Saleem Sinai in Rushdie’s Midnight’s Children. Saleem
is not of any great social importance, and yet his crisis of identity
(along with his magical telepathic relationship to those who were
also born at the moment of India’s independence) is metaphorically
seen as parallel to the crisis of the nation as a whole. He indeed tells
us: ‘I was linked to history both literally and metaphorically, both
actively and passively.’ But the political history of India is
56

deconstructed to show that the marginal can be seen as the central,
indeed Sinai is diffused (like the reader following his text) into all
sorts of surrounding fragmentary narratives. The novel does not try
to make any sense of the emotional logic of an individual’s life (as is
typical of realist ﬁction) but uses its magic realist techniques to
show the self as constituted by the conﬂicts and contradictions of
the historical event, to the point of an absurdist hyperbole, as when
Saleem remarks ‘Nehru’s death . . . too, was all my fault’. Even his
face is ‘the whole map of India’, but by the end of the novel, he is no
more than a ‘big headed top-heavy dwarf.’ (The novel owes a great
deal to Gunter Grass’s The Tin Drum.)

An example of this, which is undoubtedly central to the politics of
the period since the late 1960s, is the relationship between
postmodernism and feminism. The argument here is that women
are excluded from the patriarchal symbolic order, or from the
dominant male discourse, and indeed that they have been deﬁned
or ‘othered’ as inferior with respect to it. They are subjected to a
Derridean ‘false hierarchy’ by being assigned weak values, opposite
to the strong ones invested in masculinity. We saw a bit of this in
looking at the egg and sperm controversy.
Much feminist thought therefore has in common with
postmodernism that it attacks the legitimating metadiscourse used
by males, designed to keep them in power, and it seeks an individual
empowerment against this. But I agree with critics of this position,
like Benhabib, that the woman who does this shouldn’t be seen as
occupying ‘merely another position in language’. For the
postmodernist view of this ‘socially constructed’ self ignores the way
57

Politics and identity

Postmodernist thought, in attacking the idea of a notional centre or
dominant ideology, facilitated the promotion of a politics of
difference. Under postmodern conditions, the ordered class politics
preferred by socialists has given way to a far more diffuse and
pluralistic identity politics, which often involves the self-conscious
assertion of a marginalized identity against the dominant discourse.

Postmodernism

the self is constituted by an individual’s maintenance of an original,
often idiosyncratic narrative of him or herself. This is the key to
creativity in the individual. This evidence for the growth of an
individual through the socialization process is neglected by ‘social
construction’ theorists of the self. We can, of course, discern the
conventional codes, and the allegiances to socially constructed
kinds of discourse in anyone’s autobiography – but with respect to
our own, we are (like Roland Barthes) author and character at once.
That is how, although we are made up of heteronomous codes, we
can still strive for an autonomy of a classically liberal kind. This
sense of autonomy is particularly needed by women, says Benhabib,
whose conclusion is that the strong constructivist positions derived
from Derrida and Foucault would actually ‘undermine . . . the
theoretical articulation of the emancipatory aspirations of women.’
In undermining women’s sense of their own agency and sense of
selfhood, they deny any reappropriation of women’s own history,
and the possibility of a radical social criticism. But then the
incompatibility of postmodernist attitudes to a commitment to any
settled philosophical position (which a good Derridean would then
deconstruct) is a grave problem for them. It may indeed be better to
follow a rationalist (Enlightenment) egalitarian project of
progressive emancipation, as opposed to a postmodernist route,
which so often ends up in a radical separatism. For although
postmodernist arguments have helped many to deﬁne the roots of
their difference from the majority, or ‘those in power’, effective
political action needs something more than this rather preliminary
sense of a dissentient identity.
The liberal would join with the postmodernist in seeing the need for
an ability to question the boundaries of our social roles, and the
validity and dominance of the conceptual frameworks they
presuppose; and the postmodernist deconstructive attitude has
been extraordinarily effective in combating restrictive ideologies in
this way. They often attempt a transgressive-deconstructive
loosening of the conceptual boundaries of our thoughts about
gender, race, sexual orientation, and ethnicity, and make an
58

essentially liberal demand for the recognition of difference, an
acceptance of the ‘other’ within the community. In such a pluralistic
universe (of discourse) no one framework is likely to gain assent.
Where epistemological domination is deemed to be impossible, the
competition between these conceptual frameworks becomes a
political matter, part of a contest for power.

The result is that although much postmodernist thinking and
writing and visual art can be seen as attacking stereotypical
categories, defending difference, and so on, it left all these separate
groupings to demand recognition as ‘authentic’ but isolated
communities, once they were freed, in and by theory, from the
dominant categories of the majority. The beneﬁciaries of this
analysis were both separatist (alienated from and resenting
orthodoxy) and partially communitarian (as they identiﬁed with
others who had similarly deﬁned a dissenting identity). But then
how could such differentially deﬁned groups, the result of a
59

Politics and identity

The postmodernist self, then, is very differently conceived from the
self at the centre of liberal humanist thought, which is supposed to
be capable of being autonomous, rational, and centred, and
somehow free of any particular cultural, ethnic, or gendered
characteristics. Postmodernist analysis has turned away from such
optimistically universalizable Kantian assumptions to see the self as
constituted by language systems, which, although they may most
obviously dominate the proletarian, the female, the black, and the
colonized, have us all, more or less, in their grip. This general move
from a liberal emphasis on self-determination to a Marx-inspired
emphasis on other-determination is of immense importance. It is a
sharp challenge to established post-Enlightenment, AngloAmerican philosophical views, and it points to the irreconcilable
differences of identity between individuals. As Robert Hughes has
put it in his The Culture of Complaint, and admittedly very
polemically, it has created a culture in which many were encouraged
to see themselves as victims. We will look more closely at this
culture in the next section.

Postmodernism

categorical freeing up, communicate back with any actually existent
political centre? This was difﬁcult, given the sustained and near
anarchist hostility of many postmodernists to any overall theory or
picture of society.
It is a paradoxical result: a left-inspired distrust of authority (of the
Lyotardian kind) makes recognition of difference possible, and yet
those who are perhaps most in favour of leaving differently deﬁned
groups in isolation, to compete and ﬁght it out, are those on the
right, who believe in individual freedom with the minimum amount
of state restraint. One of the problems that a critical
postmodernism gets itself into, therefore, is that of specifying,
independent of grand narratives, or of a ‘lapse back’ to Kantian or
‘essentializing’ Enlightenment ideas, the kind of community that
would be desirable, once its critique had been made. For the
Utopian Marxist, the fact that no such model of community was
immediately available didn’t much matter; but for thinkers with
more short-term, this-worldly aims, it does. The oppositional
character of postmodernist thought was therefore maintained, but
often at too great a cost. For once all these differences and different
identities were established, they were cut off from any central
harmonizing ideology. Postmodernists therefore seem to call for an
irreducible pluralism, cut off from any unifying frameworks of
belief that might lead to common political action, and are
perpetually suspicious of domination by others. In this, they have
turned against those Enlightenment ideals that underlie the legal
structures of most Western democratic societies, and that aimed at
universalizable ideals of equality and justice. Indeed,
postmodernists tend to argue that Enlightenment reason, which
claimed to extend its moral ideals to all in liberty, equality, and
fraternity, was ‘really’ a system of repressive, Foucauldian control,
and that Reason itself, particularly in its alliance with science and
technology, is incipiently totalitarian.
This attack on rationality by postmodernists is to some degree
comprehensible, in so far as it expressed a Weberian suspicion of
60

the means-end rationalism of technocratic, consumer societies, and
of ‘capitalist modernization’. But postmodernist scepticism was also
directed to the very means of rational communication itself. Jürgen
Habermas, one of the most eloquent of leftist critics, is not alone in
pointing out that it is very dangerous indeed to take the
postmodernist turn, and abandon the ideal of communicative or
indeed consensual rationality, which he sees as the best antidote to
the political abuse of power. He thinks that we should aim at an
‘ideal speech situation’; a means of communication which is so far
as is possible undistorted by Foucauldian effects of power, and at
just that consensus and sense of social solidarity of which
postmodernists are so mistrustful.

61

Politics and identity

For many, the postmodernist position is a disabling one –
postmodernists are just epistemological pluralists, with no ﬁrm
general position available to them, and so, however radical they may
seem as critics, they lack a settled external viewpoint, and this
means that so far as real-life ongoing politics is concerned, they are
passively conservative in effect.

Chapter 4
The culture of
postmodernism

The relationship between the climate of ideas outlined in previous
chapters and the making of art is a complex one. Not surprisingly,
many (but not all) who saw their work as innovatory or avant-garde
were attracted to the new critical challenge of postmodernist
themes. But it has to be borne in mind that creative people may not
need any deep philosophical or academic understanding of such
matters. They can also get their ‘new ideas’ from the conversation
and journalism which so often mediate them – and they will
sometimes get them wrong, or semi-digested, or exaggerated. But
that is the way in which important ideas, like viruses, can catch on
in society.
Conversely, postmodernist thinkers and critics have often wished to
coopt the artistic avant-garde as exemplars of the importance and
inﬂuence of their ideas. Lyotard not surprisingly saw it as the job of
contemporary artists to question the role of the metanarrative of
modernism, which was used to legitimize certain kinds of work. He
asks artists to
question the rules of painting or of narrative as they have learned
them from their predecessors. Soon those rules must appear to them
as a means to deceive, to seduce, and to reassure, which makes it
impossible for them to be ‘true’.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Explained to Children:
Correspondence 1982–1985 (1992)

62

5. Fool’s House (1962) by Jasper Johns.
Language, theory, the object, and art. Is this a paint brush?

Postmodernism

Indeed, it is typical of many postmodernist commentators (such as
Andreas Huyssen) that they see the ‘true’ function of the avantgarde as being critical in the postmodernist sense – it should attack
the bourgeois institutions of art and therefore be directed to a
(better?) future. Of course, this is far from true of all the avantgarde movements in our period, or before it. It is a political
prescription, which would hardly capture, for example, what
Charles Jencks and his colleagues (whose view of postmodernism
is highly eccentric to that sketched here) would understand by
postmodernism, in defending a conservative return to an
admittedly parodic neo-Classicist realism in painting and in
architecture.
Postmodernist art therefore echoes in very various and often
indirect ways the doctrines we have discussed above; it resists the
master narrative of modernism, and the authority of high art which
modernism itself takes from the past, and it worries about its own
language. It is often simply unconcerned by the relationship
between the formerly ‘high’ and ‘low’ genres, for example as
expressed in the two symphonies Low (1992) and Heroes (1997) by
Philip Glass based on the work of David Bowie and Brian Eno, and
it can often look quite trivial and popular and tacky. An alliance
with popular culture is seen as anti-elitist, anti-hierarchical, and
dissenting. It disrupts narrative – as can be seen, for example, in the
ﬁgurative painting of Eric Fischl and David Salle – because a
coherent narrative too easily allies itself to a grand one. (That is why
painters like Anselm Kiefer, who devote themselves to grandiose
works with a ‘deep’ relation to history and myth, so signiﬁcantly lie
outside the postmodernist mainstream.) Much postmodernist art
pays attention to hitherto marginalized forms of identity and
behaviour. This runs from the serious feminist work of Mary Kelly,
who documented her relationship to her baby son in Post Partum
Document (1973–9) (‘document’ here reveals the nature of the work
as a politically signiﬁcant text, rather than as a formally organized
image designed to give visual pleasure) to Madonna’s stage
performances and her book Sex (1992), in which the relationship to
64

6. New Hoover Quadraﬂex (1981–6) by Jeff Koons.
The ﬁne art of museum display is applied to ordinary consumerist
objects.

pleasure is entirely different, and which shocked so many feminists
for her apparent ‘theatrical’ submission to sadomasochistic
practices, as the ‘victim’ of men.

Postmodernism

This critical attitude, as we shall see, often issues in pastiche,
parody, and irony. Hence, for example, Jeff Koons’s kitschy New
Hoover Convertible (1980), which is indeed just a commercially
available cleaning machine, ﬂoats over ﬂuorescent lights in a
plexiglass case. It is a parody of the Duchampian ready-made,
because it is indeed a ‘desirable’ consumerist object (rather than
a mere urinal or bicycle wheel). But its economic desirability is
loosely confused with, or ironized by, its aesthetic pseudoadmirability, now that it has become a ‘work of art’ displayed
in a museum case rather than packed in a cardboard box to take
home. And his New Hoover Quadraﬂex multiplies this by four.
The aim of many working in the avant-garde arts was very often the
traditional modernist one, of defamiliarization, now guided by a
more radical postmodernist epistemology. The aim, post Derrida,
Foucault, and Barthes – whose ideas in variously garbled forms
swarm over the pronouncements of artists since the 1970s – was to
prevent the consumer-as-subject from feeling ‘at home’ in the
world, for that would lead to a merely conservative pragmatic
accommodation to it.
The disruption of any temptation to settle for a familiar world, as
opposed to a confrontation with the disturbing qualities of a
Barthesian one, is central to the work of Walter Abish, notably in his
classically postmodernist narrative How German Is It? (1980).
Here, both the narrator and the text he creates are subject to radical
uncertainties – of plot, causality, theme, and so on – which are
mercilessly passed on to the reader, in a tone of wondering
scepticism. Consider, for example, the following paragraph from his
story ‘The English Garden’ (out of which How German Is It? grew),
which is cunningly full of the epistemological traps we have
discussed. It runs:
66

When one is in Germany and one happens not to be German one is
confronted with the problem of determining the relevancy and to a
certain extent the lifelikeness of everything one encounters. The
question one keeps asking oneself is: How German is it? And, is
this the true colour of Germany? Looking at the sky one is almost
prepared to believe that this is the same sky that the Germans kept
watching anxiously in 1923, and 1933 and 1943, that is when they
were not distracted by the colour of something else. Something
more distracting, perhaps. Now the sky is blue. In German the
word is Blau. But there are numerous gradations of blue . . .
numerous choices for every child . . . The French say bleu, and we
say blue.
Walter Abish, In the Future Perfect (1977)

Abish by this technique makes us realize that we ﬁll in the gaps in
the text with our prejudices (or guilts); for example, when he
suggests that the Germans may have been ‘distracted by the colour
of something else’. But what? By grey or brown uniforms? By
juxtaposing the ‘innocent’ 1923 with 1933 and 1943, the text is
getting at us, and, as is made clear at the end, the ‘us’ it is getting at
is the English speaker.
67

The culture of postmodernism

It is odd and disconcerting to be asked about the ‘lifelikeness’
of everything. Does one expect an experience of a foreign
country as a whole to be more like art than life, and hence
not lifelike, unreal? Or is it that we don’t see it so much as
art as through more sinister political and stereotypical
preconceptions? The questions Abish asks are so often peculiarly
oblique; for example, ‘is this the true colour of Germany’? An
odd example, for can colours be true? In representations,
photographs, and colouring books (all things Abish is much
concerned with) they may be true to or true of, but only when
they occur in a copy or reproduction. And of course most
paradoxical of all is the fact that colour is one of the things that
cannot be conveyed to us by a mere literary text. Our descriptions
of it do not sufﬁce.

Here, and in the brilliant chapter on Gisela and Egon in How
German Is It?, I think that Abish is ﬁnessing upon an argument
familiar from Barthes and elsewhere, and trying to trap us
into imposing our stereotypes upon Gisela and Egon, as
representative of what we take to be the ‘new Germany’. The
text amusingly presents an image (stereotype) by the presentation
in language of visual images from a glossy magazine article on
Gisela and Egon:
The meaning, the shades or layers of meaning are to be found in the
components: the ubiquitous gabardine suit, the Paisley scarf, the
white silk handkerchief displayed in the breast pocket of his jacket,
the drooling schnauzer, the black leather trousers, the high-heeled
boots, Gisela’s swept-back blonde hair, the hairdo emphasizing a
sleekness, a sexual sharpness, bringing her pale ﬁne-boned face into
Postmodernism

greater prominence, the gleaming car with its red leather upholstery
and, ﬁnally, the partially opened French windows on the ground
ﬂoor revealing vertical slivers of the interior life. All this to spell out
the new German competence and a sense of satisfaction and
completion. It is all there . . . the innate German upper- and uppermiddle class instinct to combine what is essentially ‘perfection’ with
the ‘menacing’.
Walter Abish, How German Is It? (1980)

Abish thus manoeuvres the reader into a state of sceptical distrust
with respect to the text: its humour depends upon the incongruity
we feel between the text’s dead-pan presentation of the not-quitestereotypical, and our resistance to it. He produces what Barthes
calls a ‘text of bliss’ –
a text that imposes a state of loss; a text that discomforts (perhaps
to the point of a certain boredom); that unsettles the reader’s historical, cultural, and psychological assumptions, the consistency of
his or her tastes, values, memories; and brings to a crisis his or her
relation with language.
Roland Barthes, The Pleasure of the Text (1975)

68

The postmodern novel

The instability of the ﬁctional ‘world’ in which we ﬁnd ourselves,
and the difﬁculty of our coming to know it in any reliable way, is
obvious in many such postmodernist ﬁctions. Everything from
simple logical contradiction in Robbe-Grillet to paranoia in
Pynchon to comic fantasy in Barthelme, to detective stories
Chinese-boxed inside other detective stories, as in Paul Auster, gets
in the way. In such work, simple facts about the world of the novel
are contradicted, there may be no reliable centre of consciousness
and the narrator, for example Oedipa Maas in Pynchon’s The
Crying of Lot 49 (1967), may be notoriously confused, or perhaps
mad, that is, in that ambiguous mental state which affects a fair
number of postmodernist protagonists.
An ontological uncertainty is also reinforced by the way in which
the dramatis personae may wander into the text from history or
from other ﬁctions, so that in Coover’s The Public Burning (1977)
President Richard Nixon attempts to seduce Ethel Rosenberg on
the eve of her execution, in Doctorow’s Ragtime (1975) Freud and
Jung take a trip together through the Tunnel of Love in an
American amusement park, and in Guy Davenport’s ‘Christ
69

The culture of postmodernism

As the example from Abish is designed to show, the most signiﬁcant
alliance between postmodernist ideas and the artistic culture, in
Europe and the United States, has led to a sustained and sceptical
relativist critique of the claims of mimesis or realism in the arts.
Postmodernist philosophical doubts about the truthfully descriptive
relationship of language to the world helped to inspire a kind of art,
from the French ‘new novel’ to magic realist ﬁction, which relied
upon creating all sorts of stimulating confusions between fact and
ﬁction. Brian McHale therefore argues that the ‘dominant’ mode of
postmodernist ﬁction involves an ontological uncertainty about the
contradictory nature of the world projected by the text, and he turns
to the work of Beckett, Robbe-Grillet, Fuentes, Nabokov, Coover,
and Pynchon in support of his view.

Postmodernism

Preaching at the Henley Regatta’ in his Eclogues (1981) Bertie
Wooster and Mallarmé and Raoul Dufy (who has come to sketch the
proceedings and is nearly run down by a Jaguar XKE), and of
course Stanley Spencer, stand side by side on the riverbank.
Postmodernist work like this contrasts strongly with modernist
ﬁction, even of the most complex Faulknerian or Joycean kind,
which nearly always ‘played fair’ in the relationship of the text to a
(historically) possible world; so that an answer to the puzzle, an
intelligible use of cause and effect and a consistent chronology can
nearly always be reconstructed by the informed reader. It is just
such features that postmodern ﬁction deconstructs. In staging a
confrontation between the world of the text and our own, it enacts a
disturbingly sceptical triumph over our sense of reality, and hence
also over the accepted narratives of history. The result has been a
number of works of art in the distinctively postmodern genre of
‘historiographical metaﬁction’. This mixes historical and ﬁctional
material and thereby implies or states a postmodernist critique of
the realist norms for the relationship of ﬁction to history, as we saw
Hayden White and others doing earlier.
One of the most popular of those works that play with the notion of
history as narrative and with the retrospective ironies that can go
with that, is John Fowles’s The French Lieutenant’s Woman (1969), a
love story about a Young Darwinian called Charles, his conventional
ﬁancée Ernestina, and a distracting young woman, Sarah Woodruff.
The novel not only contains an ironical commentary by the ‘author’
on the events portrayed (the author knows about Darwin, his hero
is only at the beginnings of the discovery of evolution; the author
also knows that his heroine is a proto-Existentialist – but she of
course does not, as she ﬁnally makes her way to a refuge from
Fowles’s plot in the Chelsea of the Rossettis). There is also a
deliberate revealing of the author’s manipulations, as he offers a
postmodernist commentary on the Victorian period, for example on
Victorian attitudes to sex, and on his own plot, which parallels or
parodies those of the Victorian novel, particularly Hardy.
70

This story I am telling is all imagination. These characters I create
never existed outside my own mind. If I have pretended until now to
know my characters’ minds and innermost thoughts, it is because I
am writing in (just as I have assumed some of the vocabulary and
‘voice’ of ) a convention universally accepted at the time of my story:
that the novelist stands next to God. He may not know all, yet he
tries to pretend that he does. But I live in the age of Alain RobbeGrillet and Roland Barthes; if this is a novel, it cannot be a novel in
the modern sense of the word.
So perhaps I am writing a transposed autobiography; perhaps I now
live in one of the houses I have brought into the ﬁction; perhaps
Charles is myself disguised. Perhaps it is only a game. Modern
women like Sarah exist, and I have never understood them. Or
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant’s Woman (1969)

All this leads to all sorts of serious paradoxes about the characters’
thinking of themselves as free, whereas we with hindsight can see
them as very much determined by the perspectives (and of course
the discourses) of their time. There is as much self-consciousness
and reﬂexivity, relativism, and scepticism here as any postmodernist
could want. We can be inside and sympathetic to the characters
(typical of the realist novel) at the same time as being outside and
judging them (from an ironically inappropriate contemporary point
of view). At the end of the novel the ‘author’, having taken a look at his
hero in a railway carriage, offers the reader two alternative endings.
The opening episode of Julian Barnes’s A History of the World in
10½ Chapters (1989) is an account of Noah’s Ark as given by a
woodlouse (‘anobium domesticum’) who is very well informed, it
seems, about recent history. For him, the Ark is more like a prison
ship; and the bibical account of it is just a myth. This is a parodic,
sceptical story about a story, from the bottom level: ‘We didn’t know
anything about the political background. God’s wrath with his
creation was news to us; we just got caught up in it willy-nilly.’ Like
71

The culture of postmodernism

perhaps I am trying to pass off a concealed book of essays on you.

so many, one thinks. The technique of the book, as its 10½ stories
interact, is perpetually to make us look for such (ironic) parallels to
recent political history. (In many of the episodes, socially marginal
groups are on a ship and are shipwrecked or attacked.) Not that the
woodlouse would have approved of any Ofﬁcial Version – he thinks
that Genesis discriminates against serpents. His model is a more
Darwinian one anyway. God’s plan of recruitment for the Ark was
entirely incompetent – for example, he forgot to allow for the fact
that some animals are a bit slow
There was a particularly relaxed sloth, for instance – an exquisite
creature, I can vouch for it personally – who had scarcely got down
to the foot of its tree before it was wiped out in the great wash of
God’s vengeance. What do you call that – natural selection? I’d call it

Postmodernism

professional incompetence.

The woodlouse is the worker, the voice of the repressed, criticizing
the bosses and their dominant discourse amongst much else in this
amazingly inventive book. Noah and his family just eat up odd
species on this ‘ﬂoating cafeteria’ (or ‘spaceship earth’?). The Ark
soon resembles, perhaps, a concentration camp, in which Shem ‘had
this thing about the purity of the species’. Bible, myth, history,
science, and much else all run together in an achronological, ironic,
and parodic parallel, in what seems to be an enormous attack on
Bible or myth or politics as ideological explanation. The succeeding
chapters are equally complex, and they provide an extraordinary
compendium of postmodernist attitudes to history, but of course
(like Abish) without any of the solemnity of ‘theory’.
Works like this
suggest not only that writing history is a ﬁctional act, ranging events
conceptually through language to form a world-model, but that
history itself is invested like ﬁction, with interrelating plots which
appear to interact independently of human design.
Patricia Waugh, Metaﬁction (1984)

72

In such cases, it is the ﬁctional narrative which, in accord with the
philosophical scepticism outlined earlier, is allowed to dominate, in
the belief that, as we have seen, history is just another narrative,
subject to our desires and stereotypical prejudices, and inevitably
organized, by Barnes as a woodlouse or Fowles as a Victorian
gentleman-author, according to the ﬁctional stereotypes of plot
current within the society from which it emanates.

Postmodernist music?
There is not a great deal about music in this book: this is partly
because long before the period we are concerned with, many
composers had already given up background conventions like those
73

The culture of postmodernism

It is not surprising that the novel has borne a disproportionate
amount of the burden of being ‘postmodern’, because its hitherto
usual ‘discourses’ – in the relationship of author to the text, its
apparently liberal or ‘bourgeois individualist’ construction of
uniﬁed character, its relationship to historical truth – lay it at so
many points open to a postmodernist critique. From modernist
mastery and formal control, respect for autonomy and
individualism, and claims to historical explanatory force, all to be
found, for example, when Joyce writes about Dublin or Faulkner
about the South, we move towards a playful, disseminatory, selfconscious, evasive, often deliberately falsifying account of
characters, who may exist on so many planes at once as to lack all
plausible psychological unity. The postmodernist novel doesn’t try
to create a sustained realist illusion: it displays itself as open to all
those illusory tricks of stereotype and narrative manipulation, and
of multiple interpretation in all its contradiction and inconsistency,
which are central to postmodernist thought. Its internal theorizing,
its willingness to display to the reader its own formal workings, is
also typically postmodern, not just in the novel, but also in ﬁlm, for
example in Godard’s adaptation of the Brechtian technique of the
interpolated sign-post or text, and also in visual art, which is so
often ‘about itself’ in this period.

Postmodernism

attacked by postmodernism – for example, they had rejected the
conventional tonal narrative order of the work. They had also
tended to reject the inﬂuence of (dominant) past thinkers, who had
aimed at the total organization of the piece, from Schoenberg and
the twelve-tone method to the totally organized serialism advocated
by Boulez and others in the 1960s. These modernist formalisms
were no longer of dominating interest. Many composers had indeed
earlier been prone to allow theoretical speciﬁcations of what was
desirable to dictate what they wrote. By the late 1960s many
composers abandoned the dream of a theoretically rigorous
ordering of sounds and adopted a whole range of strategies which
were compatible with the pluralism of postmodernist thought, even
if not particularly inspired by it.
There are nevertheless some works that offer pretty close parallels
to other postmodernist art, or that were inﬂuenced by it. For
example, the second movement of Luciano Berio’s Sinfonia (1968)
accepts the metanarrative backbone of the scherzo from Mahler’s
Second Symphony, which more or less controls its rhythmic
movement, but which it then decomposes or deconstructs as it goes
along. Along with this, Berio combined a parodic intertextual
collage of quotations from all sorts of musical sources – bits of Bach,
Schoenberg, Debussy (La Mer), Ravel (La Valse), and so on – and
combines with this a performance of extracts of text from Beckett’s
The Unnameable, slogans from the May 1968 ‘évènements’,
quotations from Lévi-Strauss and Martin Luther King, and so on.
(He later added a ﬁfth movement to the work which is intended to
make a typically self-conscious postmodern meta-commentary on
the previous ones.) And one could certainly say that his Recital – I
(1972) sees the stream of consciousness of its heroic recitalist, which
is full of fragments of her repertoire, as showing that her
subjectivity is partially socially constructed or ‘constituted’ by the
musical texts that run through her mind.
This intertextual eclectic collage of quotation, which is reminiscent,
in its lack of logical connexion, of much postmodernist painting
74

(like that of Salle or Schnabel) is also to be found in the work of
Alfred Schnittke, Toru Takemitsu (for example, in his Debussyan
Quotations of Dream), and many others. The polystylistic collage
techniques of Schnittke make an indifferent use of ‘high’ and ‘low’
sources, so that his Concerto Grosso I (1977) includes, as described
in the preface to the score, ‘formulae and forms of Baroque music;
free chromaticism and micro-intervals; and banal popular music
which enters as it were from the outside with a disruptive effect’.

It is in opera and vocal music that we might expect some
approximation to postmodernist commitments to be found, but
even here there seems to be a loyalty to a coherent, ontologically
relatively stable world – as, say, in Turnage’s Greek (1988), or
Birtwhistle’s Mask of Orpheus (1973–83), or Adès’s Powder Her
75

The culture of postmodernism

But for most of the music of this period, we have works that are
intricately indebted to the past, compete with it directly, or have a
pluralistic approach to the combination of available styles, but that
nevertheless make the completely autonomous impression of
traditional concert music – for example, Ligeti’s wonderful Violin
Concerto (1990/1992). Contemporary composers have been
brilliant innovators in the devising of new languages (for example,
Ligeti’s use of immensely complex polymetric rhythmic sequences,
exploitation of the mistunings available from natural harmonics,
and so on). The main reason for the distance from postmodernism
of this kind of genuinely experimental music is that it is very difﬁcult
to make music without words behave like text, or to convey those
critical, oppositional, conceptualist messages to be found elsewhere
in postmodernist art. The exceptions to this, for example Cage’s
notorious silent piano composition, 4’33’’ (1952), only prove the
rule, and in any case have had a short concert-hall life and have
been superseded by performance art in art galleries. It is very
difﬁcult for music alone to make any kind of political impression
except through the very uncertain dialectics of the hearer’s
allegorical association, as the futile controversies about the antiStalinist ironies of Shostakovich’s symphonies have shown,

Postmodernism

Face (1994–5), or Adams’s Nixon in China (1987). These are very
different from the ﬁctional narratives examined above. An
exception to this is Philip Glass’s Einstein on the Beach (1976),
which is a cooperation with the minimalist artist Robert Wilson,
and in which no coherent narrative is to be found. The politics of
much musical composition in this period has been compatible with
the leftist versions of postmodernism, for example in the work of
Nono and Henze, but it does not seem by and large that any really
signiﬁcant composers have needed to take on any very explicitly
postmodernist theoretical commitments. The most one can say is
that, like the postmodernists, composers were often obsessed with
the nature and function of language – with its incoherences, with
the exploitation of tonal-atonal contradictions, with its hidden but
entirely convention-governed structures, and with the ways in which
it could be used to deconstruct earlier patterns and procedures.
But this is a very loose relationship to deconstruction as understood
in postmodernist theory. You could equally say (and many have) that
Cubism ‘deconstructed’ Impressionism and Post-Impressionism.
But this is no more than an analogy, and has no grip on the historical
intentions of Picasso and Braque. Very few composers in this period
have wasted time in crowing over the ‘internal contradictions’ of
their predecessors. Even Pierre Boulez, a former denouncer of the
past (‘Schoenberg is dead’), is now conducting Bruckner with the
Vienna Philharmonic. At the very least much musical composition
since 1970, notably in the extraordinary willingness to mix styles of
younger composers, has avoided some of the dialectical battles of
the past – Schoenberg versus Stravinsky, theoretical serialism
versus chance in the 1950s and 1960s. In this, it owes much to the
climate of ideas created by postmodernism.

Art and theory
As I have tried to show, it is the alliance between art and theory
which is one of the most obvious symptoms of postmodernist
inﬂuence. In this respect, it develops the already very strong
76

Many modernist works aimed at a kind of self-explanatory
autonomy (‘all you need to understand’ Four Quartets, in particular,

7. SS Amsterdam in Front of Rotterdam (1966) by Malcolm Morley.
Is this just a big ship, or a statement about the nature of art?

77

The culture of postmodernism

theoretical line (of ‘science’, artistic rule or ‘law’) found in parts of
high modernism – in the Bauhaus, twelve-tone music, Le Corbusier,
and even, in a far less rigorous and scientiﬁc manner, in surrealism.
Postmodernist theory has brought into existence a plethora of
works of art whose makers and critics are deeply self-conscious
about their relationship to language in general and to the previously
accepted languages of art in particular. With the rise of academic
postmodernism and the growing inﬂuence of the political attitudes
of the 1960s (both of which actually come after the post-war
experimental avant-garde had established many new techniques in
the arts), many artists became extraordinarily sensitive about their
theoretical, and their political, position. They demanded from the
reader and spectator an awareness of a postmodernist
metalanguage, which was often needed in order to supplement,
complete, and to clothe in critical Emperor’s clothes, artworks that
were often austere and boring, like the bricks with which we began.

is a continued application to its internal meanings . . . and the
widest possible knowledge of ‘life’, including theology and history) –
but postmodernist works were not complete without the critical
discussion which was supposed to surround them. It is this
conceptualist self-reﬂexivity which is so often the sign of a
postmodernist origin. For the postmodernist, to create is to be
critically self-aware to an extent that goes far beyond modernism
(which is nevertheless responsible for the beginnings of this dire
marriage between art and academic elitism). Artist and critic both
conspire to demand the ‘right’ relationship between work and idea,
as implied by the creator, and as responded to by the audience.

Postmodernism

Conceptualism
We can see how this works if we look at an example – Paul
Crowther’s classically postmodernist account of Malcolm Morley’s
huge painting, in oils, of a postcard of the SS Amsterdam in Front of
Rotterdam (1966).
Morley took a postcard, inverted it, projected it on a screen, covered
the projection with a grid, and then copied it, upside down, on a
very large scale, even including the white margins of the card.
Crowther argues that this ‘Super Realism’ ‘is a critical practice
which highlights, questions and thwarts our expectations of art as a
‘‘high cultural’’ activity’. (It does indeed thwart any expectation of a
high cultural complexity.) It ‘addresses . . . the legitimising
discourse whereby art is justiﬁed as a vehicle of elevation and
improvement’. That is, it does a bit of Foucauldian questioning,
though quite what the activity of ‘addressing’ amounts to remains
unclear here, as in most postmodernist uses of this piece of jargon.
‘Elevation and improvement’ are clearly going to be the ‘wrong’
kinds of values to expect in this context. But that may still be a pity.
No one could possibly think that Morley’s ship is elevating or
improving. Crowther goes on, ‘In Morley’s case the critical
dimension is as it were painted into the image.’ But the weaseling
‘as it were’ here disguises an impossibility: it is obviously the critic’s
78

8. Holland Hotel by Richard Estes.
A dangerous formal beauty, retrogressively modernist?

Postmodernism

commentary, and not the painting, which is actually providing the
‘criticism’. He goes on ‘We have not so much a kind of external ‘‘antiart’’, as art which internalises and displays the problematics of its
own socio-cultural status.’ Crowther adds that the work of Audrey
Flack, Chuck Close, and Duane Hanson has a similar dimension,
but that the superﬁcially similar photorealist works of John Salt and
Richard Estes are merely ‘virtuoso performances’ and ‘aesthetically
dazzling compositions’. He means, presumably, that the latter
produce paintings that are enjoyable in a rather traditional way
(which, to their advantage, and great formal virtuosity, they are).
Crowther argues that their concentration on such qualities
deplorably allowed ‘the work of Morley and the other
innovators . . . [to be] reappropriated within the legitimising
discourse’ which surrounds such values. He disapproves of their
‘ﬂashy verisimilitude’, their ‘overwhelming market appeal’, and
hence their appeal to ‘traditional prejudices’. And so in looking like
photographs, Estes’s work just ‘feeds the demand for fashionable
novelty and unexpectedness that is created by modernism’. The
appreciation of ‘aesthetic’ or ‘virtuoso’ qualities is to be thought
of as politically regressive, in that it allows us to defend a rather
modernist aesthetic pleasure in formal composition, of which
Crowther clearly disapproves. Indeed, like many other
postmodernists, he attacks artists when they show such modernist
qualities, which are not ‘progressive’ by being critical of
‘legitimating discourses’ including those of modernism. But what
then of Crowther’s own ‘legitimating discourse’ – could the work of
Estes be construed as a progressive criticism of that? But the work
of such artists doesn’t really waste much time in criticizing,
explicitly or implicitly, other art.
For Crowther, Morley is therefore ‘a key artist in understanding the
transition from modern to postmodern’. He (and also Kiefer,
surprisingly) has the anti-modernist virtues of devising a ‘new
form of art’, and of ‘embodying a scepticism as to the posssibility
of high art’, so that ‘By internalising this scepticism and making it
80

thematic within art practice, Critical Super Realism . . .
gives art a deconstructive dimension.’ It is thus ‘deﬁnitively ‘
postmodernist, and the key to this judgement is its ‘questioning’
character.

One consequence of this conceptualism was the loss of a feeling for
complexity in art – the richness of speciﬁcation of traditional
mimesis and the intriguing formal relationships of modernist art
were often abandoned. The result of this anti-modernist turn could
be a deliberate shallowness, as in much minimalist art, in music as
well as in painting.
Michael Fried argued that a merely literal minimalist object can
only have interest for the spectator as dramatically placed within an
exhibition space, and this contrasts it to its disadvantage with the
modernist mode, in which the spectator is engaged by the
complexity and formal conﬁguration of the object. One mode
demands interaction, the other is a contemplation of internal
81

The culture of postmodernism

Those who produced conceptual art were easily interpretable as
the true guardians of the postmodernist theorizer’s faith. But their
thought is often sloppy by ordinary rational standards, and ‘theory’
can too often inhibit the artist from being imaginative or
metaphorically suggestive. You can see what is there pretty quickly,
but what you can’t get away from (too quickly) is the theoretical
miasma by which the critic wishes to give it ‘signiﬁcance’. This
work has afﬁnities to, and indeed helped to inspire, postmodernist
thinking because it arises from a self-consciousness about the
theory of art. It was not the object itself but the conceptual
processes behind it that counted. In the process, it took a step
back from the usual activities of art institutions, including those
of selling the object – for example, there was nothing to sell in
Robert Barry’s exhibition at the Art and Project Gallery in
Amsterdam in 1969, which consisted in his putting on the gallery
entrance a sign reading ‘during the exhibition the gallery will be
closed’.

Postmodernism

9. Early One Morning (1962) by Anthony Caro.
For the contemplative enjoyment of its formal intricacy and selfsufﬁciency. There are no questions here.

relations. For Fried, the minimalists are mere literalists who rely on
our self-awareness as the spectators of art objects, whereas in the
modernist internal tradition, we can lose ourselves in absorption in
the work of art; this ‘theatricality’ is at war with modernism. To put
it pretty crudely, we enjoy exploring the internal relations of a work
sculpted by Anthony Caro; but a heap of felt by Robert Morris offers
us no such opportunities, rather it ‘poses questions’.
The conceptualism of early artists like Morris and Andre inspired
many later postmodernist developments in which the conceptual
and the minimal were often combined, to ‘ask questions’ through
quite simple works of art. An example is Michael Craig-Martin’s
1973 exhibition of a glass of water on an ordinary bathroom glass
shelf, nine feet high on the wall, which he entitles An Oak Tree. It
was the only object in the exhibition room. Visitors were given an
anonymous written questionaire, including:
82

Q Haven’t you simply called this glass of water an oak tree?
A Absolutely not. It is not a glass of water anymore. I have changed
its actual substance. It would no longer be accurate to call it a
glass of water. One could call it anything one wished but that
would not alter the fact that it is an oak tree . . .
If you’ve understood even a small bit of the theory discussed in this
book, you might get some of the very small points about the
arbitrariness of naming, the function of the gallery, the joke about
the height of the shelf, and maybe even a little frisson from the
Catholic theology of the Eucharist. All deeply self-conscious, quasiintellectual, shallow, surface-oriented, and ‘questioning’. But that’s
it. In the end, and in the perspective of the last 25 years, and more,
it’s just a glass, which depends, as Fried would argue, on not much
more than its theatrical positioning within the institution of the art
83

The culture of postmodernism

10. An Oak Tree (1973) by Michael Craig-Martin.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar (Sigmund Freud, attrib.).

Postmodernism

gallery and the willingness of art historians like me to refer to it,
even if only as an awful example, in books like this. Not much more
than that. But it is a far from isolated example, and it does in the
dumbest way show the extraordinary pervasiveness of the
postmodernist tendency to believe that an allusion to ‘theory’ along
with a bit of ‘calling into question’ was sufﬁcient, for an indeed
minimally signiﬁcant work of art. Godfrey, from whom I cite the
questionnaire, thinks it’s a ‘clean, simple and elegant installation’.
But it’s hardly clean, simple, and elegant in the manner of
Archipenko or Brancusi or David Smith, or any number of
modernist sculptures. But then (back to Fried’s theatricality) – it’s
not exactly a sculpture, though it may resemble one. It’s an
‘installation’. Just like anyone’s DIY bathroom shelf.
The minimalist tendency also emerges in music as a reaction
against modernism (but with far better works of art as a result).
The simpliﬁcation here parallels that in visual art; as a reaction
against formal complexity, and a declaration that the (twelve-tone,
Cubist) obsession with developing the language of art is to be
consigned to the elitist values of the past and to alienate those
audiences whom the postmodernists wish to address. The
minimalist music of Riley Reich, Glass, Nyman, Fitkin, and the
later development of the style by John Adams and Michael Torke,
makes the distinction between high and low fairly meaningless.
The music typically relies upon repetitive rhythmic procedures
which do not involve the complexities of language and harmonic
development associated with the late modernist music of
composers of the 1950s, like Boulez, Henze, and Stockhausen.
Many in the musical world indeed thought of minimalist music as
being far too banal and simple to be taken seriously. Its early
examples relied upon a great deal of perhaps mesmerizing or
contemplation-inducing repetition (particularly in the work of
Reich, inﬂuenced by Zen), and its thematic elements are often
very basic and unoriginal (simply intertextual); it was static in
harmony and although very complex rhythmically, could seem
impersonal.
84

Duelling pianos, cooing female sirens, Valhalla brass, thwacking
brass drums, gospel triads and a Niagara of cascading ﬂat keys all
learned to cohabit as I wrote the piece.
K. Robert Schwarz, Minimalists (1996)

It’s as funny as any other work mentioned in this book.

Coming after – and exhaustion?
Many of the innovatory techniques of postmodernist art therefore
asked, through artists and the critical establishment, for
interpretations that relied on such leading theoretical notions as
reﬂexivity, which arises from the artist’s self-consciousness
85

The culture of postmodernism

But works like Reich’s Drumming (1971) and Music for 18
Musicians (1974–6), Adams’s opera Nixon in China (1987) and his
orchestral Harmonielehre (1985), changed this. The last of these is a
marvellous example of the combination of minimalist technique
with a kind of postmodern ‘retro’ style. This is obvious in the use of
allusion to Wagner in the second movement, entitled ‘The Amfortas
Wound’. This has a chromatic lyricism reminiscent of Schoenberg,
and a huge emotional force (which is one of the many things Adams
added to the minimalist style). Indeed, Adams’s works can build up
from essentially simple premises into immensely complex and
satisfying structures, which exploit a traditional rhetoric,
particularly of stretto and climax, to excite their audiences. Most
outrageously so in his Grand Pianola Music (1981–2), which
produces all that unselfconscious or uncondescending mixture of
high and low that the stylistic eclecticism of postmodernism can
manage, particularly when in this work Adams introduces ‘The
Tune’, a banal melody that is whipped up into increasingly
perverse, grandiose climaxes. All the while, unrelated musical
clichés, ‘thumping marches, heroic Beethovenian piano arpeggios,
ecstatic gospel harmonies – rub shoulders with delirious glee’.
Robert Schwarz, whom I cite, goes on to quote Adams as saying
that:

Postmodernism

concerning artistic method and ideology, including making the
work a critique of previous generic restraints and therefore, in the
eyes of many postmodernist critics, of political ones also. An elegant
example of an awareness of this ‘post’ relationship to modernism is
to be found in Jeff Wall’s Picture for Women of 1979, which is a
subtle echo of the indirect perspectives of Manet’s Bar at the FoliesBergere. Wall, with the release button of his camera in one hand, is
staring at the reﬂection in a mirror of a girl who is posed like
Manet’s barmaid. This not only makes for an intriguingly complex
relationship between the two ﬁgures, but is also a witty variation on
the indirectness of the ‘male gaze’ as analysed by feminist critics in
this period.
This immense self-awareness also led to the thought that, given
the burden of past history (let alone its now suspect mimetic,
moral, and political commitments), and the new doctrines
concerning intertextuality discussed above, the postmodernist
visual artist truly comes ‘after’ modernism. His or her work is as

11. Picture for Women (1979) by Jeff Wall.
Who looks at whom, at what angle, and why?
86

much condemned to being a repetition (or ‘reinscription’, or
‘citation’) as is the writer’s. It is inevitably an intertextual tissue of
quotations and adaptations from the past, referring to other
works, rather than to any external reality. And so the previously
prized, highly individualist, and typically avant-gardist notions of
creativity and originality came under attack. Much postmodernist
visual art is an apparently easily repeatable, deliberately depthless
art of the surface, as we can readily see if we compare, as
Jameson does, Andy Warhol’s Diamond Dust Shoes with the
peasants’ boots depicted by Van Gogh and seen (by Heidegger) as
giving a deep revelatory insight into the world from which they
come. For many, postmodernist work can only be hybrid,
stylistically mixed, and indebted by resemblance to its
predecessors.

showing photography to be always a representation, always-alreadyseen. Their images are purloined, conﬁscated, appropriated, stolen.
In their work, the original cannot be located, is always deferred;
even the self which might have generated an original is shown to be
itself a copy.
Douglas Crimp, ‘The Photographic Activity of Postmodernism’ in
October 15 (1980)

Sherrie Levine thus made photo-reproductions of famous art
photos by her male predecessors, like Edward Weston, whose work
is thus ‘appropriated’, in order to ‘contest the cult of originality’, in
the words of Linda Hutcheon. The ‘canonic’ ‘male point of view’ is
‘put in question’ by being reproduced, and so to speak re-framed,
within a female artist’s discourse. Rosalind Krauss believes that
Levine thus ‘radically’ questions ‘the concept of origin and with it
the concept of originality’ – in ‘violating copyright’ by ‘pirating’
87

The culture of postmodernism

One response was to openly afﬁrm one’s lack of originality.
Douglas Crimp had developed by 1980 a notion of postmodernist
photography, based on the work of Cindy Sherman, Sherrie Levine,
and Richard Prince, who were praised for:

Postmodernism

Walker Evan’s photographs of share croppers and Edward
Weston’s pictures of his son Neil (which, says Krauss, in any case
go back, intertextually, to Greek kouroi). Levine’s work thus
‘explicitly deconstructs the notions of origin’ and is ‘acting now [it
was 1981] to void the basic propositions of modernism, to liquidate
them by exposing their ﬁctitious condition’. For Krauss, Levine’s
‘act’ of voiding and liquidating has to be ‘located’ within a typically
postmodern ‘discourse of the copy’. But this is another misleading
mystiﬁcation – these images are ‘original’ only in the manner of
bad fakes. To the theoretically unprejudiced eye, they are tatty
versions of something better. Just mildly disconcerting. The
doubtful morality of such a relationship between artists is
nevertheless reassuringly pushed to one side by Krauss’s
endorsement of Roland Barthes’s view that all art is copying
anyway. For Barthes has told us that even the painstaking realist
only copies copies:
To depict is to . . . refer not from a language to a referent, but from
one code to another. Thus realism consists not in copying the real
but in copying a (depicted) copy . . . Through secondary mimesis
[realism] copies what is already a copy.
Roland Barthes, S/Z (1974)

The political motivation for this sort of view further emerges when
we are told that
Levine’s work may also be seen as a fundamental attack on capitalist
notions of ownership and property, along with the patriarchal
identiﬁcation of authorship with the assertion of self-sufﬁcient
maleness.
Steven Connor, Postmodernist Culture (1989)

But what justiﬁes the word ‘fundamental’ here? ‘Allegorical’ or
‘pseudo-philosophical’ or ‘cod profound’ may be better expressions.
The attack on originality, and the tendency to think of art as a form
88

of re-presentation of something that is already there, in a
recycling of discourse, helped to reinforce the thought of those
sceptical about postmodernism, that its art has all too much of
a ‘post everything’ air. May not its intertextuality be the symptom
of cultural exhaustion, brought on by the failure to meet the
avant-gardist challenge of doing something creatively different
after the heroic era of experimental modernism? Or might it
even be a moral and political failure to engage with the real in
society?

Postmodern architecture

Much of this happens in Brown and Venturi’s Sainsbury Wing
(1991) for the National Gallery in London. The architects make
allusions to the Corinthian pilasters of the main building, bundling
them and then further on spacing them out, so that:
Although classical elements dominate, they break rules of classical
composition in overdetermined ways, with mannerist handling of

89

The culture of postmodernism

All this promiscuous adaptation can perhaps be seen most clearly in
the relationship of postmodernist architecture to the heroic
modernism that preceded it. A citational hybridity is typical of
much postmodernist work. So much so that in the immensely
inﬂuential Learning from Las Vegas (1972) by Robert Venturi, his
wife Denise Scott Brown, and Steven Izenour, Las Vegas
architecture and the Strip is praised for its different levels, its use of
popular material, and its indifference to unity. Venturi is thinking of
the process of looking at the Strip as you drive by it, so that ‘the
moving eye in the moving body must work to pick out and interpret
a variety of changing, juxtaposed orders’. Jencks, in his similarly
inﬂuential The Language of Postmodern Architecture (1977), also
argues that the ‘codes’ in a building (Jencks uses the language of
semiotics) should be allowed to come into an ironic conﬂict of
‘double coding’ rather like the music by John Adams discussed
above.

Postmodernism

12. Sainsbury Wing, National Gallery, London (1991) by Venturi, Scott
Brown and Associates.
A new building, but a pastiche of earlier styles. Is this ironic?

the pilasters, for example, or thoroughly unclassical garage-doortype openings hacked out of the elevation for the entries, windows
and loading docks, at once undermining the classical sensibility and
contradicting the tectonic logic otherwise so emphatically
registered. Each classical detail or abundantly redundant element
stands in counterpoint to another that undermines or contradicts
classical verities. For Venturi and Scott Brown, contemporary
cultural and social diversity calls for an architecture of richness and
ambiguity rather than clarity and purity.
Diane Ghirardo, Architecture after Modernism (1996)

Architects like Venturi thought that the form-following-function
language of modernist architecture was far too puritanical and
should allow for the vitality, and no doubt the provocation, to be
90

gained from disunity and contradiction. Work like this happily
deconstructs itself.
However, such double-coding effects can be, not so much the
stimulating and ultimately satisfying combination of stylistic
procedures, seen in the National Gallery and Stirling’s Neue
Staatsgallerie in Stuttgart, as a far less sophisticated pop vulgarity.
This, at any rate, is what I see in work like Ricardo Boﬁll’s pastiche
classical ‘Versailles for the Masses’ in his Les Espaces d’Abraxas in
Marne la Vallée (1978–82).
The whole thing is grotesquely inﬂated. The almost surreal
facades here, with their massive columns, conceal modern
apartment complexes which are hugely over-burdened with
baroque adornment in concrete. It’s a kind of pastiche fascist
monumental architecture, and it is surprising (or may be not) how
much Boﬁll’s work has appealed to local authorities in France. The
binary oppositions here are fairly obvious, but human scale and
human dignity and convenience are as little cared for here as they
91

The culture of postmodernism

13. Theatre of Abraxas by Ricardo Boﬁll.
You too can feel small in this postmodernist Palace of Versailles. Fit for
a king?

were at the opposite pole, in the austerely subordinating modernist
work of Le Corbusier.

Postmodernism

Discourse and power
There was a growing politicization of the postmodernist avantgarde in the 1970s and 1980s. Most artists knew some version of the
Foucauldian relationship between discourse and power, and this
often took the form of an awareness of the ways in which the
‘messages’ or the semiotics of works of art ﬁtted or not within the
institutions designed to promote them. This led to a critique of the
dependence of art on ‘the museum-gallery complex’ (as if it were
rather like the ‘military-industrial complex’). The notion is that the
museum, as a kind of secular temple, ‘legitimizes’ the work through
the discourse of a pseudo-clergy of curators and their dependent
critic-reviewers. But it is the way in which they pick the team of
artists, and write the catalogues, that really counts, and their
willingness in this period to allow the enemy of critique within
depended a good deal upon the intellectual shield of academic
theory.
Hence the conception and use of the work of art as institutional
critique, though this very quickly acquired the rather tired air of
preaching to the converted. One of the most literal-minded of such
‘critiques’ was made by Michael Asher, who in 1973 sandblasted a
wall of the Toselli Gallery in Milan, thus collapsing ‘the work’ and
‘the gallery’ into one another, ‘so as to reveal at once their collusion
and the strong but usually unacknowledged power of the gallery’s
invisibility as a dominant (and dominating) cultural institution’ –
presumably, simply because once Toselli had blasted through the
picture gallery wall, you could see the administrative ofﬁces
behind it.
Slightly more subtle, perhaps, is some of the work of Hans Haacke
concerning the museum gallery complex. He has specialized,
amongst other things, in the documentation of the economic
92

fortunes of works of art. One of his works (1975) consists of a
reproduction of Seurat’s ‘Les Poseuses’ and 14 chronologically
arranged panels, each of which has where available a small printed
portrait of each successive owner of the image, along with a brief
biography.
The spectator was therefore expected to look – or rather to think –
beyond the walls of the gallery space, to the social circumstances of
the work of art, just as literary students were exhorted to look
beyond the closed aesthetic practices of practical or ‘new’ criticism,
and to consider the social context of the work of literature. Here’s
the classic and orthodox view of this:
In the radical clime of the time, it was not surprising that the major
should have come to motivate the production of critical art.
Paul Wood et al., Modernism in Dispute (1993)

These ‘major contradictions’, of course, are not just logical ones,
ripe for deconstruction – they are Marxist contradictions,
signiﬁcant of the repressed and hidden conﬂicts within society.
Those who attended a show of ‘The New Photography’ were
therefore encouraged to ask:
Why is such an such an image signiﬁcant? How does it manage to
signify? Why does a society require certain images at particular
times? Why do genres arise in photography? How and why do
particular images become judged aesthetically worthy? Why do
photographers produce pictures which, above and beyond their
technical wizardry or creative acumen, say something about the
social world? What are the political meanings of photography?
Who controls the machinery of photography in contemporary
society?
Linda Hutcheon, The Politics of Postmodernism (1989)

The same excellent questions were being asked of all the arts – of
93

The culture of postmodernism

contradictions which constituted the social sphere of late capitalism

Postmodernism

novels and poems, and pieces of music. Critics were hostile to the
lack of (their own) political insight in the art of the past, and this
prompted creative people in all the media to produce a good deal
of rather nervous, ‘politically correct’ art, which was either
explicitly or by theoretical implication in favour of obviously good
political issues. They did not just attack the idea of art as the
expensively enjoyable possession of the ‘bourgeois’ rich (for
example, by producing simple, cheap, ugly, and so ‘market-defying’
conceptual objects), but produced art which, in tune with the ethic
outlined earlier, supported feminism, or the marginal group, or
proclaimed identities based on gender, sexual orientation, and
ethnic origins.
Much of the political art of the modernist period, and certainly
that produced by totalitarian regimes, had been boringly realist
and only too obviously subordinated to totalizing ideologies.
But the political art of postmodernism, devoted as it was to
‘differance’, ‘calling into question’, and suchlike, could be much
more reassuringly ‘avant-garde’ in a way that symbolized dissent,
rather than making any demands for group solidarity. The
moral appeal to us to recognize the autonomy of the ‘other’ was
thus transformed by postmodernism into very fragmented
proclamations of marginality and difference, the ‘deconstruction’
of dominant attitudes, attacks on stereotypical judgements, and so
on. These stereotypes were often challenged by their proclamation
in a parody form – as, for example, in Lynda Benglis’s controversial
photographs of herself naked, including one (of 1974) in which she
posed as a pin-up girl wearing dark glasses and holding a massive
double-ended dildo. This was probably meant to be parodic, a
put-on or take-off, of media stereotypes, but like so much art of
this kind, it also uses them. It’s a sexy picture appealing to men. The
same double-effect is to be found in literary parody, such as the
playfully combinatorial pornographic writing which exploits
stereotype to be found in experimental novels from Robbe-Grillet’s
La maison de rendezvous (1965) to Robert Coover’s Gerald’s
Party (1986).
94

I’ll consider feminist work in what follows as my central examples,
because it often has the advantage of being immersed in
postmodernist theory, and the (rather contrary) advantage of
having fairly clear ethical ends in view. In the earlier part of this
period, much of this art was simple political proclamation, for
example Faith Wilding’s Waiting (1972), a performance piece in
which she sat on a chair and recited the events for which women
wait. Or Martha Rosler’s Semiotics of the Kitchen (1975), a video in
which she recites the alphabet, illustrating the use of kitchen
implements to exemplify each letter, but ends up by slicing the air
with a knife.

The use of this imagery was also to be defended as a reply to
common and Freudian-inspired notions of women as somehow
‘lacking’ the phallus and its powerful connotations (a notion which
in itself makes amazingly perverse and misogynistic assumptions,
95

The culture of postmodernism

Much of the feminist art of the early 1970s was later attacked for its
‘essentialist’ approach, that is for making assumptions about the
differences between the sexes that ignored the postmodernist
emphasis on the more ﬂuid, socially constructed nature of identity.
The Dinner Party (1973–9), made by Judy Chicago and others, is a
good example. This was a triangular table with an open centre and
39 place settings. These consist of an elaborate ceramic china plate,
a needlework runner, a ceramic chalice, a knife, fork, and spoon.
Each is a symbolic portrait of a mythological or historically
signiﬁcant woman. The plates are in the form of (butterﬂy-like)
vaginas. The interior ﬂoor has 2,300 tiles with 999 additional
names. Four hundred women helped to make it, and it has
become a central work within feminist art history. It symbolizes
neatly the feminist drive to historical recovery and it also contests
the male-dominated pantheon by providing an alternative. But its
rather kitschy manufacture and style was thought by some to
undercut its more serious aims; and isn’t there a disturbing
‘essentialism’ involved in allowing vulvic imagery to stand for
women?

14. The Dinner Party (1979) by Judy Chicago.
A feminist symposium: but are the identities of the participants
constrained by the imagery used to ‘represent’ them?

which Freud seems to have derived from Schopenhauer and others,
about the essential unimportance of female sexual responses). For
others, it was too much of a reduction of women to their biology.
The choice of responses here clearly depends on the battle you think
you are ﬁghting, and has little to do with the merits of The Dinner
Party as a pantheon.
Another example of an essentialist approach to feminist art is to be
found in the performance work of Carolee Schneeman, whose
performance, Interior Scroll, of 1975 is well described by David
Hopkins: it
involved her standing naked before an audience and gradually
unravelling a scroll from her vagina. From this she read a parodic
criticised her ﬁlms for their ‘personal clutter’ and ‘persistence of
feelings’. In a sense Schneeman’s performance dealt with the
internalisation of criticism, but it could also be aligned with an
‘essentialist’ feminist interest in écriture feminine (female writing).
This form of French feminist theory, espoused by writers such as
Helene Cixous, posited female access to a pre-Oedipal (hence
implicitly anti-patriarchal) ‘language;’ of bodily pulsations.
David Hopkins, After Modern Art: 1945–2000 (2000)

Indebted to popular art, but more indirect in its emphases, is the
later work of Cindy Sherman, for example her #228 (1990), which
is a kitschy, huge photographic representation of the biblical Judith
– popular, even cinematic in style. It parodies large Renaissance oil
paintings of this subject, which (with the magniﬁcent exception of a
painting by Artemisia Gentileschi) would typically have expressed
the ‘high culture’ of men, and no doubt some of their castration
anxieties as well. Sherman said that she wanted to make something
that ‘anybody off the street could appreciate . . . I wanted to imitate
something out of the culture, and also make fun of the culture as I
was doing it’. For postmodernist feminists, work like this ‘raises
issues’, such as those of ‘masquerade and female identity, feminine
97

The culture of postmodernism

account of a meeting with a ‘structuralist ﬁlm maker’ who had

15. Interior Scroll (1975) by Carolee Schneeman.
We write with the body, but with what sense can women’s writing also
come from the body?

stereotypes in visual representation, the gendered viewer, the
female body and fetishism, his-story and her-story etc.’, as Wood
puts it. (But for others, not having the theory to make this kind of
interpretation, it may do far less.)
Rather more complex, and more obviously theoretical, is the
photographic work of Barbara Kruger. She took photos from
magazines, enlarged them, cropped them, spliced them, and
combined them with text, in ways which reﬂected her experience
as a magazine designer. The photomontage is then photographed
as a whole and typically surrounded by a (Rodchenko-like) red
frame. These are parody advertisements, designed to provoke a
critique of ‘the relations between commercial design and the way
99

The culture of postmodernism

16. Untitled, #228 (1990) by Cindy Sherman.
Acting out and the threat of castration: is Judith’s story also
Cindy Sherman’s?

Postmodernism

a culture designs people’s lives’, as Kruger explained to The New
York Times. They help us to understand how images work in
society, in a feminist critique of representation, because they are
images of women as they are constructed by the male-dominated
media, which shape the way women see themselves. Work like
this is intended to expose stereotypes that perpetuate the
prevailing power balance between women and men. In doing so,
it contests the active ‘male gaze’, and empowers the hitherto
passive female gaze. This is symbolized in another of Kruger’s
images (Untitled, 1981) of a classical female bust, seen from the
side, with the slogan ‘Your gaze hits the side of my face’. This has
a designed ambiguity. Whose gaze? Any man’s? Why ‘hits’?
Against what – the male, classical, canonized view of women, as
expressed in sculpture? And so on. The texts on other images
also help to deconstruct, in the crude sense of ‘show the
contradictions in’, the assumptions of consumerism. For example,
‘Buy me I’ll change your life’ (1984) or ‘I shop therefore I am’
(1987).
However, it has been pointed out that Kruger’s photographs get
themselves into their own contradictions (from some feminist
points of view), because they are as seductive as the commercial
advertising they parody. They have been attacked for a consequent
failure to be sufﬁciently politically effective. Are they a critique of
the consumerist spectacle or a part of it? There is a good oldfashioned modernist formal achievement here, and so Kruger has
also been attacked for the ‘graphic beauty’ of her work, let alone for
showing it in a commercial gallery.
The options here are as I suggested earlier: either to come within
dominant discourses and try to modify them from within, or to
accept and proclaim marginalization, and attempt to make the edge
move into the centre.

100

17. Untitled (Your gaze hits the side of my face) (1981) by
Barbara Kruger.
Art with a message: how violent is the male gaze?

Art as politics
Nearly all the works of art I have mentioned have the critical,
oppositional character I have emphasized. But they seem to
have needed, indeed solicited, the institutional support of the
critic to get anywhere. Benjamin Buchloh is one of many who
tell us that:
another function of criticism at this moment [is] to support and
expand knowledge of those artistic practices of resistance and
opposition which are currently developed by artists outside the view
of the hegemonic market and of institutional attention.
Benjamin Buchloh, ‘Theories of Art after Minimalism and Pop’ in

Postmodernism

H. Foster (ed.), Discussions in Contemporary Culture (1987)

But this won’t entirely do. The work of art alone, on the wall, or in
the gallery space, or even out there as ‘earth art’ or ‘site art’, isn’t
actually a very good participant (and therefore not a particularly
good ally for the critic) in a political debate. This is because debate,
as opposed to propaganda, requires two sides, not one, and sides
which are both able to give clear and articulate reasons for their
positions, and it is the negotiation of conﬂict which makes for real
progress as opposed to merely conceptual sloganizing. Thus, one
might say that Kruger remains tied to bourgeois priorities, in so far
as she really only asks for individual empowerment; and that much
of this politically correct work, like Haacke’s, although it seems to
‘address’ the wider issues of economic control and social justice,
does little more than remind us that there are good guys and bad
guys, and that some of the bad ones are male, or art dealers,
property developers, the directors of large corporations, arms
dealers, and so on.
All this of course depends on where you think the most useful locus
for political debate and action is to be found. Some postmodern
artists and theorists (and some feminists like those who say ‘the
personal is the political’) answer ‘everywhere’. But visual artists
102

Or to put it more robustly, as Robert Hughes does: ‘What really
changes political opinion is events, argument, press photographs,
and TV.’ Artists may be ‘addressing issues’ of racism, sexism, AIDS,
etc. . . . but
an artist’s merits are not a function of his or her gender, ideology,
sexual preference, skin colour, or medical condition, and to
address an issue isn’t necessarily to address a public . . . The
Political art we have in America is one long exercise in preaching
to the converted.
Robert Hughes, Culture of Complaint (1993)

Hughes is also right to point out that the problem with much of
such political art is that its ideas aren’t actually much good – they
are often banal and naive, and they put no one through any very
unusual or sophisticated thought process. For example, ‘a work by
Jessica Diamond consisting of an equals sign cancelled out with a
cross, underneath which was lettered in a feeble script ‘‘Totally
103

The culture of postmodernism

rarely inform people about politics by making political ‘statements’
(though they can), and generally say or imply very simple things to
the already converted. Their work has nothing like the
sophistication in this respect of even the most popular mass work of
political art with the beneﬁt of actual dialogue, such as Spielberg’s
ﬁlm Schindler’s List. If political action is to depend on rhetorical
persuasion, the postmodern visual arts have been signally unable to
provide that persuasion – except occasionally by the tired old
propagandistic techniques of prodding information into us through
basic mimetic means, even if occasionally with the sauce of irony. As
Marxist critics of postmodernism never tire of telling us, it is realist
art which by expressing a particular critical position on reality still
has by far the best record for being effectively progressive, precisely
because it can to some degree inform as well as attempt to persuade.
But as we have seen, such explicit methods do not appeal to the
postmodernist criteria for the politics of representation in this
period.

Postmodernism

Unequal’’. Anyone who thinks that this plaintive diagram
contributes anything fresh to one’s grasp of privilege in the United
States merely by virtue of getting some wall space in a museum is
dreaming’. At best, such art ‘consists basically of taking an
unexceptional if obvious idea – ‘‘racism is wrong’’ . . . . – then coding
it so obliquely that when the viewer has translated it he feels the
glow of being included in what we call the ‘‘discourse’’ of the art
world’. (Robert Hughes, op. cit.)
The work of art might criticize society and its institutions, but it
all the same ends up being exhibited in that society, sold by a
dealer, and generally legitimated by the opinions of a
middle-class art establishment. It didn’t prevent a bid of
$90,000 by Gilbert Silverman for a work by Haacke, Social
Grease, although the work mocks major corporate and political
ﬁgures by quoting their words, on a separate metal plaque,
as advocating the arts as a ‘social lubricant’. This is less of a
paradox than it seems. Liberal societies have spent over a century
absorbing artworks that are hostile to them. In general, and with
notorious exceptions, such societies do not neutralize or censor
artists, but protect their right to expression. (Though occasionally
the illiberal members of a liberal society attempt to upset this
assumption, as in the Mapplethorpe scandal, when federal funding
for the exhibition of some of his gay sadomasochistic photographs
was contested.)
Nevertheless, the basic legal and social structures in the societies I
am writing about here are emphatically liberal ones. Even if it is
the institution and not the work of art that ﬁrst claims legitimacy,
after that, it is the long-run value to the observer of the individual
work of art that counts, far beyond the ‘statement’ of any one
show. There is nothing more boring and dated than the last few
decades’ conceptualist and feminist news. Explicitly doctrinal,
postmodernist work often looks disablingly academic in this
sense. There is a bigger difference between doctrinal
postmodernism and the kind of contemporary art that can
104

provide an intellectual simulus over a long period than many
postmodernist critics seem to appreciate. Of course, works of art
should ‘call into question’ – what else does the tradition of tragedy
from Antigone to the Hedda Gabler do? But they need to do so in
far more complex and enduring ways than we ﬁnd in most recent
postmodernist art.

The visual arts had also caught up to the paradoxical thought that
everything was potentially ‘text’. This textualizing view of the world,
typical of Derrida and Barthes, dominated on the assumption that
all thinking was somehow in language. And this left out a good part
of our non-linguistic responses to previous art – such as simply
enjoying the texture of the paint, or the colour, or formal
relationships – either as a dismissible hangover from the hedonism
of a decadent formalist modernism, or as in need of salvation by the
laying-on of some suitably theoretical conceptual-verbal
association. Everything, from furniture to clothes to buildings, had
to be seen as part of a ‘language’ whose social structure could be
investigated and then shown to be susceptible to some kind of
disruption or reversal, away from the suspect hierarchical ordering
105

The culture of postmodernism

The postmodernist theory that many in the avant-garde went for
was a version of the philosophy, along with its politics and history,
that I have outlined in previous sections. Privilege and its
hierarchically organized terms, including the formalism associated
with modernism, were to be attacked and subverted. Ordered
narrative and the centre, and transcendental terms of value, were to
be distrusted. The primacy of Western culture (and any privileged
ordering by reference to it) also had to be doubted. The aim often
enough was morally admirable: to look to the margin, to the
repressed, to the excluded, and to argue for a subversion or reversal
of dominant values. This was indeed a classic liberal impulse, but it
took place under shaky theoretical auspices. For example, it is
unclear, despite Derrida’s latest thoughts, whether truly
deconstructive work like his can have anything like a settled and
effective political position.

it had received in a ‘bourgeois’ society. And if everything was part of a
language, and if language just disseminates, and if the discourses of
art, like the discourses of medicine, law, penology, and so on, actually
transcend the individual, then even the notions of authorship,
creativity, originality were suspect and could not be ‘privileged’.

Postmodernism

This generously democratizing impulse, which saw the reader and
student swimming in exactly the same linguistic sea as the great
novelist, and so equally in a position to dominate the text by
interpretation, was spread, ironically enough, by some highly
authoritarian, idiosyncratic, and well-paid cultural critics. The
explanation of the artwork through the individual temperament or
the experience that produced it, or the aspect of reality that it tried
to record, was out.
Hence, for example, the postmodernist attacks on the ‘neoexpressionist’ painting of the 1980s. This conﬂict is worth analysing
because it shows that there were active rival traditions to
postmodernism, and that some leading postmodernists attacked
them in explicitly political terms. Not only was neo-expressionist
painting from Germany and the United States ‘painterly’,
expressive, and clearly emotional, but it ‘privileged’ the oldfashioned, hierarchizing concept of painting itself.
For it was quite obvious that American neo-expressionists, like
Julian Schnabel, David Salle, and Eric Fischl, were allied or similar
to European artists like Sandro Chia, Francisco Clemente, Georg
Baselitz, Jorg Immendorff, Anselm Kiefer, and P. A. R. Penck, who
obviously went back to modernist German expressionism. What is
more, they extended, rather than subverted or parodied or
‘critiqued’ it. In so doing, they brought back a sensuousness and
emotionalism to art which had been banished by the puritanism of
postmodernist theory. We can interpret Fischl, for example, as an
expressionist ﬁgurative painter, on psychological grounds that need
owe nothing to postmodernism, even if the rather skewed
psychology and apparent alienation of his characters obviously
106

owes something to the more general postmodernist climate of ideas
concerning narrative. Similarly, painters like Jennifer Bartlett,
Robert Colescott, Nicholas Africano, and Elizabeth Murray could
be seen as reviving rather than subverting past traditions in
modernist painting. They allowed themselves the risks of more
direct competition and extension of the past – one can see Bartlett
as a successor to Monet, for example.
The neo-expressionists, and the abstract painters defended by the
critic Barbara Rose, were attacked by the postmodernist October
group, who announced ‘The End of Painting’ in an article by
Douglas Crimp (in 1981). Crimp thought Rose’s appeal to a
continuous (modernist) tradition was ‘reactionary’. It was
107

The culture of postmodernism

18. Her Story (1984) by Elizabeth Murray.
Can postmodernist themes of identity be reconciled with modernist
modes of expression?

Postmodernism

19. Grandma and the Frenchman (Identity Crisis) (1990) by
Robert Colescott.
And doesn’t the expression of personal identity demand an imposed
narrative and a realist mode?

in direct opposition to that art of the sixties and seventies . . . which
sought to contest the myths of high art, to declare art, like all other
forms of endeavour, to be contingent upon the real, historical world.

Crimp also attacked in this context ‘the myth of man and the
ideology of humanism which it supports’, because they ‘are notions
that sustain the dominant bourgeois culture. They are the very
108

109

The culture of postmodernism

hallmarks of bourgeois ideology’. Neo-expressionist painting was
therefore attacked for being politically conservative, because artists
shouldn’t therefore think of constructing alternative and
pleasurable worlds in works of art; they should ask how the world
and its discourses had constructed them, and preferably come to the
conclusion that it had constructed them as victims. Postmodernist
critics were more important than art or artists, since they operated
on what was for them an acceptable institutional or political level,
even though it should have been obvious to anyone with any sense
that the primarily academic techniques they were using were really
quite basic, and easy to come by, given a decent education and a
certain rhetorical persuasiveness. This was far less than the talent
needed to produce signiﬁcant art of any kind in earlier periods. But
the main thing was to set up a critical opposition, bolstered by
current theory. Much postmodernist criticism can be seen as the
academy’s political revenge upon the central traditions and
pleasures of art, and therefore, as I shall argue, the defence of a very
narrow tradition within the extraordinarily various visual, musical,
and literary art of this period. It is to this broader context that I
now turn.

Chapter 5
The ‘postmodern condition’

Conﬁdence in truth
One of the central themes of all that has gone before might be
summarized as ‘realism lost’, and along with it a reliable sense of
past history. Indeed, Frederic Jameson points to a deﬁning sense of
the postmodern as ‘the disappearance of a sense of history’ in the
culture, a pervasive depthlessness, a ‘perpetual present’ in which the
memory of tradition is gone. For many postmodernists there was
something in the very condition of society that brought this about.
As we have seen, much postmodernist analysis is an attack on
authority and reliability – in philosophy, narrative, and the
relationship of the arts to truth. All this sceptical activity has a
complex relationship, not just to the attitudes of academics and
artists, but to what was seen as a more general loss of conﬁdence
within Western democratic culture. Left-wing hostility to the
hidden manipulations of ‘late capitalism’, and the quite general
belief, even among the most optimistic of liberals, that real news is
too often subordinated to image manipulation, that the
dissemination of basic information is always distorted by business
corporate interests, and that even horrifyingly immediate events,
which cause unimaginable suffering to individuals, like the Vietnam
and Gulf wars, had become in some way just ‘dramatized media
events’ which ‘take place on TV’ in scenes constructed for political
110

ends by the cameras – the sniper with the camera over his shoulder,
the speech-makers’ hopes for the better on the White House lawn,
and so on. There is a strong feeling, through the work of critics like
Barthes to the novels of Milan Kundera and Rushdie, that the
political and historical event always reaches us in a ﬁctionalized
form, in a narrative, massaged by the more or less hidden hand of
political or economic purposes.

Unreal images
This feeling that the mass media substitute images for reality arises
in various ways, from the Marxist presupposition that we are all in
any case the victims of a ‘false consciousness’ brought about by
‘bourgeois’ discourse, through to the liberal distrust of corporate
restraints on free speech. The problem is that this attack on truthful
realism – ever since, indeed, the moderns turned against that of the
19th century – has by now gone on so long that for many a distrust
of the ﬁctional has indeed driven out a conﬁdence in the true, as we
saw in the controversy over the writing of history. Jameson, as a
Marxist, likes the thought that there is a general ‘crisis of
representation’. His idea is that with postmodernity, signs have
been relieved of their function of referring to the world, and ‘this
brings about the expansion of the power of capital into the realm of
the sign, of culture and representation, along with the collapse of
modernism’s prized space of autonomy’. We are left
with that pure and random play of signiﬁers which we call
postmodernism, which no longer produces monumental works of

111

The ‘postmodern condition’

It is not difﬁcult to appreciate how well TV works as the chief
disseminator of such ﬁctionalized information. There is so much of
it, it is so contradictory, so obviously motivated by (‘hegemonic’)
economic interests, so commodiﬁed, so much to be distrusted. It’s
an obvious target, because the medium seems to rely on the realist
‘transparent’ presentation which we associate with photography,
and this very fact invites postmodernist scepticism.

the modernist type, but ceaselessly reshufﬂes the fragments of preexistent texts, the building blocks of older cultural and social
production [in a] heightened bricolage: metabooks which
cannibalise other books, metatexts which collate bits of other
texts.
Frederic Jameson,‘Postmodernism and the Video Text’ in Derek

Postmodernism

Attridge et al. (eds), The Linguistics of Writing (1987)

For many postmodernists, we live in a society of the image,
primarily concerned with the production and consumption of mere
‘simulacra’. Information, by now, is just something that we buy.
(And perhaps the main thing that we buy, in a knowledgedominated technologically driven society.) We are always trying to
learn a new bit of software. A sceptical despair about the reality of
politics and the institutions of our common social life – TV and
newspapers – reinforces a sceptical despair about the progressive
or conciliatory functions of art. The Nietzschean assumption that
all such phenomena, from statements from the White House to
everyday soap operas, are more or less secretly in the service
of the maintenance of the power, economic and other, of
somebody or other, rather than made in the service of any truth,
is all-pervasive. It has led to a peculiarly paranoid strain in
postmodernist theory and art, as well as in those popular ﬁlms
concerned with real or ﬁctional conspiracies. How many people
believe that Oliver Stone’s ﬁlm JFK, which presents us with a
New Orleans attorney heroically confronting those in the military
establishment who conspired to assassinate Kennedy in order to
keep the United States ﬁghting in Vietnam, is not the ﬁction it is,
but the truth?
Perhaps the most celebratedly outrageous assertion of the essential
unreality of the culture in which we live was made by Jean
Baudrillard, who echoed Foucault in arguing that
Disneyland is there to conceal the fact that it is the ‘real’ country, all
of ‘real’ America, which is Disneyland (just as prisons are there to

112

conceal the fact that it is the social; in its entirety, in its banal
omnipresence, which is carceral).

He goes on to say that Disneyland (with its Pirates, Frontier, and
Future World fantasy set-ups)
is presented as imaginary in order to make us believe that the rest is
real, when in fact all of Los Angeles and the America surrounding it
are no longer real, but of the order of the hyperrreal and of
simulation. It is no longer a question of a false representation of
reality (ideology), but of concealing the fact that the real is no longer
real, and thus of saving the reality principle.
The Disneyland imaginary is neither true nor false; it is a deterrence
machine set up in order to rejuvenate in reverse the ﬁction of the
real.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulations (1983)
113

The ‘postmodern condition’

20. The Imagineers Main Street USA (1955) Anaheim, California.
Is this the street where you live?

Postmodernism

We are simply enclosed in a media-dominated world of signs,
villainously generated by capitalism to synthesize our desires, which
only really refer to one another within an entrapping chain of ideas.
They are mere simulacra, which replace real things and their actual
relationships (only truly known to those on the left, who see
through such illusions) in a process which Baudrillard calls
‘hyperrealization’. So we never really get what we want anyway. But
we might on the contrary say that we do indeed get what we pay for,
however it is advertised – a McDonald’s hamburger is a McDonald’s
hamburger in all its billions of exempliﬁers, and to many it really
does taste pretty good. And if you smell of Dune perfume you smell
of Dune perfume. All this is not mere sign-play, however much
advertising might try to induce us to buy into it. But even those of us
who have not read any postmodernist theory are not completely
taken in, and don’t really believe that anybody else is, much. Read
the opinion polls on politicians worldwide. Or even market research
on the effects of advertising. But to hear Baudrillard and others like
him, you would think we ate, drank, and slept on and with mere
signiﬁers. Up to a point. This sort of argument combines the old
liberal attack on advertising (as synthesizing wants that we don’t
‘really’ have), with a bit of pessimistic Freudianism – signs for
objects always deceive, and one can never get back through them to
the ‘really’ desired object. A replica of the Lascaux Caves in France
has displaced the real Lascaux – it really makes no difference, we
are asked to believe. But even the most naive of Lascaux’s visitors
could easily be made to understand how they, let alone an art
historian, can tell the difference between the real and a fake, and
also even to understand conservationist reasons, if there are any, for
the use of a replica for tourists.
Postmodernists are by and large pessimists, many of them haunted
by lost Marxist revolutionary hopes, and the beliefs and the art they
inspire are often negative rather than constructive. Mass afﬂuence
is not good, because when people have what they basically need,
advertising and marketing move into the gap to synthesize and
deﬁne our (materialist) values for us, and those who do need are the
114

But they also tend to give a misleadingly pessimistic account of the
information we receive and of conﬂict and its resolution. Many of
them in fact belong to a long post-Nietzschean tradition of despair
about reason. In correctly seeing all discourses as inherently related
to the power systems that might be thought to back them up – as
expressing power – they can give the impression that our culture is
not much more than a complex interaction of opposing threats of
force. Their scepticism about truth often deprives them of a proper
concern for the activities of reason-giving and rational negotiation
and for procedural justice. The background inﬂuence of Marx and
Freud too often implies that everything we say carries the authority
and the threat of race, class, rank, and sexual power-play. But this
hardly allows for the function in democratic societies of legal
agreements and restraints, or of the moral considerations that lead
to the protection of human rights which really are meant to be
universal and not culturally relative or the property of any one
group. Nor does it allow for the fact that the attempt to be
reasonable, and truthful, to back up assertions by veriﬁable
115

The ‘postmodern condition’

more easily forgotten. Marketing thus takes precedence over
production. We have the sense that even justice is or can become a
media event – as in the trial of O. J. Simpson shown on TV, so clearly
inﬂuenced by the exaggerated play-acting of advocates, the carefully
chosen clothing of the actors in the drama, and the politically
slanted, stereotypically prejudiced sound-bite summaries of lawyers
and TV journalists. The whole thing can seem sickeningly ﬁctional,
as all participants manipulate opinion, through the media, by
hypocritically approximating themselves to what they believe to be
approved role models and ﬁctional stereotypes. We may well ask,
how is justice of a disinterested kind to be done on such a stage? Are
judge and jury, who are after all in the end only one of us, really
going to be taken in by all this shameless role-playing? Or are the
procedures of justice in court somehow to be thought of as more
reliable than that? There is room for doubt about this in all of us,
and it is that doubt that postmodernists (and, indeed, the writers
of many court-room thrillers) rightly insist upon.

evidence, and so on, is essential if we are to come to the negotiating
table with something other than implied threats (or to treat the
writing of history or theology or the novel as something better than
the entrapment of the reader in a mythical narrative). Imagine
someone who thought that anything that any (American, or Israeli,
or Russian, and other) politician said was always a form of
imperialist, or theological, or ‘rogue state’ bullying, simply because
it implicitly reﬂected, say, the power of that nation’s political
institutions and armed forces.

Postmodernism

Of course, many proclamations by such persons indeed do this, to
horrifying effect, but particularly in cases of conﬂict it may be all the
more important to locate the voices of the most reasonable persons
– for example those who are most open to a rational conviction
concerning the guilt and responsibility that arises out of conﬂict.
The best that one can say here, and I am saying it, is that
postmodernists are good critical deconstructors, and terrible
constructors. They tend to leave that job to those patient liberals in
their society who are still willing to attempt to sort out at least some
of those differences between truth and fantasy, which
postmodernists blur in a whirlwind of pessimistic assumptions
about the inevitability of class or psychological conﬂict.
On the other hand, postmodernists have clearly reﬂected to great
purpose on the nature of cultural changes since 1945 into what they
call the ‘postmodern condition’. This is one in which the global
condition of societies is seen, not as determined by traditional
economic or political frameworks, but as a state of culture. This
reliance upon a cultural analysis (now given prominence by a
ﬂourishing ‘cultural studies’ movement heavily inﬂuenced so far by
postmodernist ideas) is one of the most distinctive contributions of
postmodernism to contemporary society. The activities of ‘late
capitalism’ and of Western democracies are obviously going
concerns, with no obvious alternative to them currently available
(certainly since 1989). Given a general, even if illusory, presumption
116

of continued plenty, they are seen by postmodernists as primarily
information-producing rather than object-producing formations,
which demand analysis primarily in cultural terms.

In all of this diagnosis, postmodernists are open to the charge that
they seriously overestimate the gullibility of their fellow-citizens.
Many of their strictures are sheer nannying about the obvious,
which hardly merits its respectable disguise in the shreds of theory.
And for some, this state of affairs is OK. In the post-McLuhanite
117

The ‘postmodern condition’

A postmodernist view of the social changes that have most affected
contemporary society would therefore (and I broadly follow David
Harvey here) emphasize such matters as the extraordinary
compression of time and space through the new media. (We can
now get simultaneous access via TV and the Internet to events and
information in nearly any part of the world.) The Internet is at
present a typically postmodernist phenomenon – it is (currently) a
non-hierarchized, indeed disorganized, collage. This goes along
with a change from a concentration on the production of goods, to a
concentration on the production of information services. (The story
here is that huge fortunes are made or lost every day, not in buying
or selling things, but by operations in the money market by traders
in front of TV screens which give them computerized access to more
information than ever was available before.) For some this is a
symptom of the scandalous superimposition of ﬂuctuating news
images or opinion (that of the ‘market makers’) over reality, but this
is again typical of the ‘postmodern condition’. Many of us are
working in an incredibly driven, information-soaked world (and
those of us who are not are often starving or illiterate or struggling
at the bottom of the social heap or mentally ill). There is too much
of everything. We are subject everywhere to a sensory overload of
images, in magazines and advertisements, on the TV, in the
cityscape, etc. (This was a modernist complaint, too.) Mere changes
in taste promote the sale of goods, so that fashion takes over from
culture, and media-led opinion-forming is vital to the economic
process.

Postmodernism

global village in which we all now more or less live, held together by
electronic contact rather than by genuine social relationships
between persons, of course signs may come to count for more than
commodities.
It is worth asking, then, how far a postmodernist ‘hermeneutics of
suspicion’ is justiﬁed. There is in any case a crippling contradiction
at the heart of the analysis – if anyone says that everything is ‘really’
just constituted by a deceiving image, and not by reality, how does
he or she know? They presuppose the very distinctions they attack.
At best, such critics are making a banal and condescending series of
remarks about other people’s (self-)deceit, or merely deploring, on
well-established liberal moral grounds, the success of the
advertising industry, TV, etc. in getting people to consume and to
believe things of which they (the critics) disapprove. This is no more
distinctive a view than a preference for the views of one politician
over another, and it is hardly good evidence for original insight into
a radically new condition of contemporary society.
The more basic problem lies in the undoubted decline, for a
signiﬁcant minority, of assent to previously popular orthodoxies and
ideologies. A postmodernist sceptic, noting the extraordinary range
of conﬂicting versions of reality available to us within a remarkably
tolerant and pluralist society, and willing to be a bit of a relativist,
might well be inclined to opt for something like Richard Rorty’s
postmodernist irony. Such ironists have doubts about the truth of
any ‘ﬁnal vocabulary’, and realize that others have different ones;
they don’t see their vocabulary as ‘closer to reality’ than other
people’s. They can only worry that they may be playing the wrong
kind of language game, and so be the wrong kind of human being.
Such a person
is not in the business of supplying himself and his fellow ironists
with a method, a platform, or a rationale. He is just doing the same
thing that all ironists do – attempting autonomy. He is trying to get
out from under inherited contingencies and make his own

118

contingencies, get out from under an old ﬁnal vocabulary and fashion
one which will be all his own. The generic trait of ironists is that they
do not hope to have their doubts about their ﬁnal vocabularies settled
by something larger than themselves. This means that their criterion
for resolving doubts, their criterion of private perfection, is autonomy
rather than afﬁliation to a power other than themselves.
Richard Rorty, Contingency, Irony and Solidarity (1989)

119

The ‘postmodern condition’

The idea here is that an awareness of the lack of foundations and
the contingency of everything is a good thing. It would be more
liberal because discussion of what is possible would be the less
constrained, along with an awareness that one’s own position in
such discussions is relative, in the sense that the opposition’s view
may be as well founded. This is for Rorty a kind of existential irony.
The ironist has doubts about the vocabulary he or she uses; others’
vocabularies also seem to work well. These doubts cannot be
removed by any ‘ﬁnal answer’ or foundational position; you can
always doubt whether others have not seen more of reality than you
can (with your vocabulary). Or in the artistic rather than the
philosophical or political or moral spheres, we can say that there are
lots of ways of making art, and no one privileged way of interpreting
it. Indeed, philosophy should be a good deal more like literary or
artistic criticism than it thinks it is. So the irony really consists in
our never being able to take ourselves, or the vocabulary, or the
theory, or the artistic genre we employ entirely seriously. We can no
longer (in the postmodernist context) depend on big transcendental
knock-down ideas or arguments; we have to rely on each other and
on the justiﬁcatory outcomes of our local conversations with each
other (which include the making of art). The criteria of success will
be entirely pragmatic. Vocabularies just succeed one another
through history along with their competitors. Some while ago we
had ‘Neo-Geo painting’, now we have the Young British artists and
‘Sensation’. Political movements are in no better shape than artistic
movements, in this respect. The move from, say, Thatcherism to
New Labour is basically a Rortyan change of vocabulary, including
all the image-making spin that goes with each government, and not

the revelation of new and well-founded political arguments and
principles.

Postmodernism

If this sort of postmodernist view is accepted, we would indeed have
a post-Enlightenment form of liberalism. Maybe this ideal is most
obviously appealing in the United States, which is by and large
committed to multiculturalism, believes in rights and selfimprovement and has a lot of Christian believers within a broadly
secular state. It is also an implicitly therapeutic, rather than a
philosophical, view – ‘let’s talk this one through’ it says. But of
course even this recommendation is no more than a
recommendation – and if in true postmodernist fashion this (ironic)
form of liberalism were adopted, it would just be one form of life
amongst others.
This kind of Rortyan postmodernism may be more difﬁcult to see as
a going concern in Britain, France, or Germany, let alone the postSoviet states, where many of those who come to the dialogue will
have non-negotiable even if not ex hypothesi obviously indubitable
traditional (Marxist, Christian, Islamic, nationalist) positions. But
then the sceptical postmodernist rightly says that the problem
resides precisely in some people’s wholly unjustiﬁed certainties.
When we ask for ‘constructive dialogue’ in Northern Ireland we
have also in the postmodernist view to ask for some degree of ironic
relativism in the main protagonists – and they clearly ﬁnd this sort
of thing hard to come by.
Postmodernist beliefs therefore tend to a multiculturalist pluralism
and relativism. In doing so, they can too easily or naively accept
what is undoubtedly the case, that most of us in the West now
believe we live in societies in which traditional perspectives are
fractured. Although we may believe in the logic of promise-keeping,
can we any longer truly believe in it, in the light of modern
realpolitik, in anything like the sense in which Kant and Hume did?
These traditional principles, and the alternatives to them, now seem
to lack a ﬁrm grounding. As John Gray puts it :
120

The post-modern condition of plural and provisional perspectives,
lacking any rational or transcendental ground or unifying worldview, is our own, given to us as an historical fate, and it is idle to
pretend otherwise.
John Gray, Enlightenment’s Wake (1995)

121

The ‘postmodern condition’

However, as I have tried to indicate above, this condition
should be resisted, and not allowed to justify a kind of ironic
indifferentism. The claim to superior deconstructive insight
depends on notions of truth; the idea that the self is socially
constructed in all sorts of different ways does not seem to be able to
destroy the idea that people are individuals who make up the
unique narrative of their lives, or the idea that the legal rights of
individuals need to be defended in the political context by reference
to universal principles or ideals, for example those of equality before
the law. The beliefs which lead to the public stoning to death of an
‘adulterous’ woman are not just to be shrugged off as a symptom of
‘the way they do things over there’ as opposed to ‘round here’. It
looks as though postmodernist relativism, ironic or not, may really
not be much more than a disguised plea for a pluralist tolerance,
suitable to the very different kinds of personal, sexual, and ethnic
positions which have come to so much prominence – in afﬂuent
societies at least – in the postmodernist period. Postmodernist
thought has done a great deal to point out and to defend the
differences of identity involved here. But they still, as a matter of
fact, often lead to bitter conﬂicts, which need to be resolved by
something better than postmodernist principles. For some,
homosexuality is against their religion, for others like me it is a
matter of taste, with no inherent moral consequences, and for
others it involves participation in a culture or way of life which may
indeed deserve defence as a whole, but can only be asserted as a
matter of right if it doesn’t adversely affect the rights of others.
Given this, many postmodernist thinkers still need to come to terms
with their implied ethical bottom line, which, it seems to me, should
be, not an indifferentist relativism, but at best a tolerance of the fact
that the values involved in different works of art and different ways

Postmodernism

of life are, as a matter of undoubted fact, incommensurate, and
often in conﬂict. But tolerance, of the various claims of
postmodernists, for example, isn’t ipso facto relativist at all (though
it is often confused with it). Tolerance is a principled willingness to
put up with the expression and pursuit of beliefs that you know to
be wrong, for the sake of some larger ideal, like freedom of inquiry
or the autonomy of others in the construction of their own narrative
or identity – provided, I would say, that they don’t harm others in
the process. But no amount of tolerance or postmodernist
scepticism should be allowed to conﬂict with the ideals expressed,
for example, in the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of
Human Rights (disputable as some of them are) or the Geneva
Convention.
As I have argued throughout, postmodernism is a bit like a party
manifesto – it is at base a set of beliefs which are not in fact held by
all, and are unlikely to reﬂect the universal condition of men and
women in contemporary society. And if we lack an antecedent faith
in Marx-plus-Freud, or some other ideology, it is impossible to
generalize postmodernist beliefs as diagnosing the ‘real’ conditions
of our existence. (And indeed if we do this we buy into just that kind
of larger ideological commitment which it has been the aim of
postmodernism to resist.) As Hans Bertens so eloquently puts it:
Although the omnipresence of the postmodern and its advocates
would seem to suggest otherwise, not everybody subscribes to the
view that language constitutes rather than represents, reality; that
the autonomous and stable subject of modernity has been replaced
by a postmodern agent whose identity is largely other-determined
and always in process; that meaning has become social and
provisional; or that knowledge only counts as such within a given
discursive formation, that is a given power structure.
Hans Bertens, The Idea of the Postmodern (1994)

122

Alternatives

The enduring achievements of postmodernism are therefore likely
to be found not within philosophy or politics, or even in moral
thought, but within the artistic culture. The politics of the
postmodernist era will probably take care of itself as the conditions
under which it became popular change, but what will remain, if
some sense of history and tradition also remains, is a sense of
postmodernism as a cultural phenomenon, which has left us over
the last 30 years of its inﬂuence with a canon of major works,
particularly from writers like Abish, Barthelme, Coover, and
DeLillo, and on through the alphabet. A signiﬁcant number of those
working in the other arts surely have the same status as exemplars
of (some) postmodernist ideas – Joseph Beuys, Christian Boltanski,
Frank Gehry, Philip Glass, Jean-Luc Godard, Robert Rauschenberg,
Richard Rogers, Cindy Sherman, Frank Stella, James Stirling,
Karlheinz Stockhausen, and Wim Wenders among them.
But it is important to remember that in the arts, too, alternative
traditions persist – and for two main reasons – ﬁrstly, because
123

The ‘postmodern condition’

The postmodernist critique has worked very well as moral
exhortation, but it has no convincing claim to a unique insight into
the truth of our condition, or to an accurate and complete
description of society. It is therefore important to see postmodernist
ideas and achievements as part of a larger picture of interaction
with other traditions of belief. In all the areas we have looked at,
from philosophy through ethics to artistic activity, there are very
vigorous alternative intellectual traditions outside those promoted
by postmodernists, most notably the Anglo-American liberal
tradition. I am thinking of authors like John Rawls, Joseph Raz,
Michael Sandel, Stuart Hampshire, Amy Guttman, Martha
Nussbaum, Will Kymlicka, John Gray, Ronald Dworkin, Brian
Barry, and Michael Walzer. Richard Rorty seems to be the only
Anglo-American philosopher known to most postmodernist
theorists.

21. Odalisk (1955–8) by Robert Rauschenberg.
‘Image leads to relativism leads to doubt.’ Then what is the bird doing
on top of it all?

Indeed, much of the signiﬁcant artistic activity of the period since
1945 (and more particularly, for our purposes, since 1970) managed
a compromise between modernist and postmodernist ideas. (Of
course, there is going to be just as much difﬁculty in deﬁning
‘modernism’ in contrast to ‘postmodernism’ as there is in deﬁning
postmodernism itself, and some artists are very difﬁcult to
categorize in this respect.) For example, many of the most
inﬂuential writers, like Milan Kundera, Italo Calvino, Salman
Rushdie, John Barth, Julian Barnes, Mario Vargas Llosa, Margaret
Atwood, and Umberto Eco, who include in their work many of the
concerns of the period, are far from being out-and-out
postmodernists. And the same goes for artists like Jennifer Bartlett,
Anthony Cragg, Richard Diebenkorn, Eric Fischl, Howard
125

The ‘postmodern condition’

modernist traditions continue, and there are many artists who have
learned something from postmodernism without being devoted
followers of it. Some modernist movements – such as Dada and the
use of Duchampian or ‘found’ objects, constructivism (in its
inﬂuence on minimalist or colour-ﬁeld painting) and surrealism (in
inspiring the postmodernist’s collage of irrationally related images,
as for example in Rauschenberg) – seem to have been fairly directly
appropriated by postmodernists. Such resemblances and
continuities from one period to another are never too difﬁcult to
ﬁnd (there is nothing new under the sun), and the divergences into
postmodernism from modernism here are a matter of the different
values involved. (Postmodernist surrealism doesn’t have the overall
theory of Freud to back it up, for example.) And the postmodernist
obsession with political difference and with art as politically
signiﬁcant made inevitable an attack upon the (universalizing)
claim by modernists that there is pleasure (even if a merely
individualist, bourgeois one) to be taken in the immediate or formal
properties of works of art. And yet, as I noted earlier, neoexpressionist painting could develop modernist features and thrive
in this period, with any obvious or complete allegiance to
postmodernist doctrines, and the same goes for traditions of
abstraction, and indeed of realism.

Postmodernism

Hodgkin, David Hockney, Bill Jacklin, and R. B. Kitaj. And many
signiﬁcant composers, such as John Adams, Harrison Birtwhistle,
Gyorgy Ligeti, and Witold Lutoslawki, would ﬁt in here.
Hence, for example, the poise of the novels of Umberto Eco (who is
himself an important postmodernist theorist), between modern and
postmodern. His The Name of the Rose (1983) as a detective story
seems to thrive on the modernist quest for certainty, but in true
postmodernist style ‘very little is discovered and the detective is
defeated’, as Eco declares in the postscript. In the novel William of
Baskervile says he arrived at the detection of Jorge ‘by mistake’. He
thought there was an apocalyptic pattern in the evidence, but it was
in fact accidental. He solves many submysteries, but the plot as a
whole only through an (ironic) mis-interpretation. But once he is
played by Sean Connery in the ﬁlm of the book, he seems to succeed,
because a commercial ﬁlm no doubt could not afford to bring about
too many postmodernist disappointments in its audience.
Many distinguished writers like Eco, have some very obvious
postmodernist elements, but they also have a number of more
enduring conservative features, which indeed help to place them
more nearly at the centre of the culture, as it is very likely to wish
to remember itself.

There is plenty of great art outside postmodernism
The staple of many people’s artistic experience still lies within a
form of liberal realism, which keeps better faith than the
postmodernists with the possibility of arriving at the truth, and at a
truth where humanitarian as well as political considerations are
relevant. Traditionalist liberal novelists like John Updike, Bernard
Malamud, Norman Mailer, Saul Bellow, Philip Roth, Heinrich Böll,
and Ian McEwan have produced works which are still of immense
importance for many people’s understanding of contemporary life,
as have John Ashbery, Francis Bacon, Ingmar Bergman, Lucian
Freud, Gunter Grass, Harold Pinter, François Truffaut, and others
126

in theirs. These are just disputable lists of names, but they are here
as a reminder of the ways in which, outside theories, or even
explicitly political commitments, we make up canons as individuals,
to record and preserve the values that matter for us. Postmodernist
art has been a very signiﬁcant but not obviously predominating part
of all this activity.

In this book, I have tried to give an account and a critique of
postmodernism, because I believe that the period of its greatest
inﬂuence is now over. Its founding fathers are in their turn
encountering the scepticism of a new generation. That is why I have
tried to concentrate above on those postmodernist ideas which I
judge to have the longest potential life. For the battles around
postmodernism (quite unlike the battles around modernism) have
had the distinctive feature that, thanks to the ‘rise of theory’, they
raise perennial philosophical questions. It is this underlying deep
dialectic – between reason and scepticism, reality and the image,
the political powers of inclusion and exclusion – which is central to
postmodernist thought, and it is a dialectic that will continue to
engage us for some time to come.

127

The ‘postmodern condition’

It has nevertheless been of immense importance in reviving the
battle between scepticism and belief, between liberalism and the
Marxist left, between strategies for ideological imposition and for
the preservation of autonomous identity. It has in these respects
borne by far the greatest burden in providing a speciﬁcation and
critique of ‘the way we live now’ since the 1960s. Its thinkers may
have had little purchase upon, and I would guess even less inﬂuence
upon, the practical everyday activities of professional politicians,
though they have had great inﬂuence in bringing about an
increasingly liberal approach to the ‘identity’ politics of gender and
ethnicity. As cultural critics, they have rightly tended to see political
and moral considerations as a quarrel about the legitimacy of
particular kinds of representational, image-dominated activity.

This page intentionally left blank

References

In addition to the references and citations I have given throughout the
text, the following support and provide background to some of the
essential points, topics, and examples discussed in each chapter of this
book.
Chapter 1
Frederic Jameson’s comments on the Western Bonaventura Hotel in
Los Angeles are made in his Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of
Late Capitalism (Verso, 1991), pp. 40, 42, 44.
Chapter 2
Jean-François Lyotard attacks the prevailing grand narratives in The
Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge (Manchester University
Press, 1984).
Edward Said’s account of the imposition of the Western imperialist
grand narrative onto Oriental societies, along with a discussion of
Flaubert’s encounter, can be found in his Orientalism
(Harmondsworth, 1985).
George Lakoff and Mark Johnson explore the inﬂuence of Derridean
deconstruction in Metaphors We Live By (University of Chicago Press,
1980).

129

The remarks from Alun Munslow are taken from his Deconstructing
History (Routledge, 1997).
See Deborah Lipstadt, Denying the Holocaust: The Growing Assault on
Truth and Memory (Penguin, 1993) to get an idea of the consequences
of a postmodern approach to history writing.
The ‘witch’ example is from Richard J. Evans, In Defence of History
(Granta, 1997) 218f., reporting Diane Purkiss, The Witch in History:
Early Modern and Twentieth Century Representations (Routledge,
1996), pp. 66–8.

Postmodernism

Bruno Latour’s comments on Einstein’s relativity theory can be found in
Noretta Koertge (ed.), A House Built on Sand (Oxford University Press,
2000), 12 and 181ff.
Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont refute the postmodernist ‘attack on
science’ in their Intellectual Impostures (Proﬁle, 1998).
Emily Martin’s article ‘The Egg and the Sperm – How Science Has
Constructed a Romance Based on Stereotypical Male-Female Roles’ is
printed in Evelyn Fox Keller and Helen E. Longino (eds), Feminism
and Science (Oxford University Press, 1996), p. 103. Scott Gilbert’s
article is cited by Paul R. Gross in ‘Bashful Eggs, Macho Sperm, and
Tonypandy’ in Koertge op cit., p. 63.
Chapter 3
Foucault’s discussion of the episteme takes place in his The Order of
Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences (Tavistock, 1970).
Men, when they get angry and abuse women, seem to ﬁnd stereotypical,
subordinating norms alarmingly available. See George Lakoff, Women,
Fire and Dangerous Things: What Categories Reveal about the Human
Mind (University of Chicago Press, 1987), 380ff.

130

Chapter 4
Brian McHale presents his views on ontological uncertainty in
postmodernist writing in his Postmodernist Fiction (Methuen, 1987),
pp. 26–43.
For a fuller analysis of the development of postmodernist ideas in music,
see Christopher Butler, After the Wake: An Essay on the Contemporary
Avant Garde (Oxford University Press, 1980), pp. 25–37.
Michael Fried discusses the ‘theatricality’ of minimalism in Art and
Objecthood (Chicago University Press, 1998), 148ff.
Rosalind Krauss explores the idea of re-production in photography in
her The Originality of the Avant Garde and Other Modernist Myths
(MIT Press, 1985), quote taken from p. 170.

Chapter 5
For reasons to despair about reason, see John Burrow, The Crisis of
Reason: European Thought, 1848–1914 (Yale University Press, 2000).
The arguments for universalist values have been eloquently put forward
by Brian Barry in his Culture and Equality (Polity, 2001).
See David Harvey, The Condition of Postmodernity (Blackwell, 1980)
for a discussion of the inﬂuence of the modern media on culture.

131

References

For a more sympathetic account of Boﬁll’s work, see Charles Jencks,
Postmodernism: The New Classicism in Art and Architecture (Academy,
1987), 258ff.

This page intentionally left blank

Further reading

There are a number of anthologies of postmodernist writings, of which
the most committed is Thomas Docherty (ed.), Postmodernism: A
Reader (Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1993). Ihab Hassan’s seminal articles on
postmodernism are collected in his The Postmodern Turn (Ohio State
University Press, 1987). Derrida’s thoughts on literature are
conveniently brought together in Derek Attridge (ed.), Jacques Derrida:
Acts of Literature (Routlege, 1992). Steven Connor’s Postmodernist
Culture (Blackwell, 1989) is strongly committed to an eclectic range of
postmodernist theories. Charles Jencks’s alternative view is neatly
summarized in his What Is Postmodernism?, revised edn. (Academy,
1996).
For an account of the politics of postmodernism, following Jameson, see
Perry Anderson, The Origins of Postmodernity (Verso 1998). On
nationalist narratives in the postmodern period, looked at from a
broadly postmodernist theoretical standpoint, see Elleke Boehmer,
Colonial and Postcolonial Literature (Oxford University Press, 1995),
and Homi Bhabha’s anthology, Nation and Narration (Routledge,
1990). An excellent early example of the use of Marx, Freud, and
deconstruction in literary analysis is Terry Eagleton, Criticism and
Ideology (NLB, 1976). Useful because they make period contrasts are
Patricia Waugh, Practising Postmodernism/Reading Modernism
(Arnold, 1992) and Peter Brooker, Modernism/Postmodernism
(Longman, 1992).
133

Postmodernism

The following are critical but also informative about postmodernist
tendencies. For an account of the inﬂuence of Marx on intellectuals in
this period, see J. G. Merquior, Western Marxism (Paladin, 1986). The
new literary theory encountered surprisingly little published opposition,
but see the interestingly entitled Fraud: Literary Theory and the End of
English by Peter Washington (Fontana, 1989) and Christopher Butler,
Interpretation, Deconstruction, and Ideology (Clarendon Press, 1984),
and, for a general critique, John M. Ellis, Against Deconstruction
(Princeton University Press, 1989) and Raymond Tallis, Not Saussure
(Macmillan, 1988). A brilliant account of the relationship of science to
political and moral considerations is given by Philip Kitcher in his
Science, Truth and Democracy (Oxford University Press, 2001). The
tendency to the local story attitude of postmodern philosophy has
inspired a reply from Thomas Nagel, which defends his view of the value
and possibility of objectivity in philosophy and of the abstracting ‘view
from nowhere’ in ethics, expressed in his The Last Word (Oxford
University Press, 1997).
An inﬂuential model for non-linguistic phenomena analysed as text was
Roland Barthes, Système de la mode (1967; tr. as The Fashion System,
Hill and Wang, 1983). This approach became common to all ‘semiotic’
approaches to culture. For a survey, see Robert Hodge and Gunter
Kress, Social Semiotics (Blackwell, 1988). For a study of the different
subject positions open to us within postmodernist theory and the
contemporary novel, see Kim Worthington, Self as Narrative
(Clarendon Press, 1996). For Habermas’s critique of postmodernism,
see inter alia his The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity (MIT Press,
1987). Edward Lucie-Smith, Art Today (Phaidon, 1995) is an excellent
survey of the many current schools of art. An essential resource is to be
found in Kristine Stiles and Peter Selz (eds), Theories and Documents of
Contemporary Art (University of California Press, 1996).

134

stereotypes 68
‘text of bliss’ 68
textualizing view of the
world 105
theory, rise of 6, 7
truth, conﬁdence in 111
Bartlett, Jennifer 107, 125
Baselitz, Georg 106
Bataille, George 6
Baudrillard, Jean 40, 112–14
Beckett, Samuel 6, 69, 74
Bellow, Saul 52, 126
Belsey, Catherine 53
Benglis, Lynda 94–5
Benhabib, Seyla 29, 51, 57, 58
Bergman, Ingmar 126
Berio, Luciano 74
Bertens, Hans 122
Beuys, Joseph 6, 123
Bhabha, Homi 10
Birtwhistle, Harrison 75, 126
Boﬁll, Ricardo 91
Böll, Heinrich 126
Boltanski, Christian 123
Boulez, Pierre 6, 74, 76, 84
Bowie, David 64
Brancusi, Constantin 84
Braque, Georges 76
Brecht, Bertolt 6, 73
Bricmont, Jean 39–40
Brown, Denise Scott 89–91
Bruckner, Anton 76
Buchloh, Benjamin 102

Index
A
Abish, Walter 23, 66–9, 72, 123
abstraction 125
Adams, John 76, 84, 85, 89, 126
Adès, Thomas 75
advertising 114
Africano, Nicholas 107
Althusser, Louis 6
Andre, Carl 1–2, 5, 82
Archipenko, Alexander 84
architecture 89–91
Ashbery, John 126
Asher, Michael 92
Atwood, Margaret 125
Auden, W. H. 55
Auster, Paul 69
author, death of the 23–4

B
Bach, Johann Sebastian 74
Bacon, Francis 126
Bad Writing Contest 9–10
Barnes, Julian 71–2, 73, 125
Barry, Brian 123
Barry, Robert 81
Barth, John 52–3, 125
Barthelme, Donald 23, 69, 123
Barthes, Roland
art 66
copying, art as 68
death of the author 23–4
difference, politics of 58
self and identity 55
seventeenth-century French
literature 9

C
Cage, John 75
Calvino, Italo 125
Camus, Albert 6, 7
135

Postmodernism

death of the author
23–4
Debussy, Claude 74
deconstruction 7, 16–19
conceptualism 81
death of the author 24
difference, politics of
58
history 36
metaphor 25–8
music 76
scepticism and ideology 28,
31
science 40
signs as systems 21
text 21–3
DeLillo, Don 3, 123
de Man, Paul 28, 30
Derrida, Jacques
art 66
deconstruction 16, 17, 24
difference, politics of 57, 58
grand narratives, resisting
15
metaphor 25
political position 105
Saussure’s work 8
scepticism and ideology 28,
29, 30, 32
self and identity 51, 56
signs as systems 19–20, 21
style, Foucault’s views 9
theory, rise of 6, 7
words, power of 47
de Saussure, Ferdinand 8
Diamond, Jessica 103
Diebenkorn, Richard 125
differance 19, 23, 94
difference, politics of 56–61

Caro, Anthony 2, 82
Early One Morning 82
Carter, Angela 56
Chia, Sandro 106
Chicago, Judy, The Dinner
Party 95–7
Cixous, Helene 97
Clemente, Francisco 106
Close, Chuck 80
Colescott, Robert 107
Grandma and the
Frenchman (Identity
Crisis) 108
Colet, Louise 16
conceptualism 3, 78–85
Connery, Sean 126
Connor, Steven 88
Constitution of the United
States 13–14
constructivism 125
consumerism 66, 118
Cook, Peter 44
Coover, Robert 6, 23, 69, 94,
123
Cragg, Anthony 125
Craig-Martin, Michael, An
Oak Tree 82–4
Creed, Martin 2
Crimp, Douglas 87, 108–9
criticism, function of 102
Crowther, Paul 78–81
Cubism 76, 84
cultural studies movement 116
Currie, Peter 52

D
Dada 125
Davenport, Guy 69
136

E
Eagleton, Terry 49
Eco, Umberto 32, 125, 126
egg and sperm controversy
41–2, 57
Einstein, Albert 37
Eliot, George 18, 19, 20, 24
Eno, Brian 64
Epstein, Jacob 5
Estes, Richard 80
Drugs 79
ethics 121–2
Euhemerism 16
Evan, Walker 88
Evans, Richard 36

F
Faulkner, William 70, 73
Federman, Ray 23
Take It or Leave It: A Novel
22
feminism
difference, politics of 57–8
discourse and power 95–101
history, rewriting 34
male gaze 86
politics, art as 103
Figes, Orlando 34
Fischl, Eric 64, 106, 125

G
Gehry, Frank 123
Geneva Convention 122
Gentileschi, Artemisia 97
Ghirardo, Diane 90
Gilbert, Scott 41
Glass, Philip 64, 76, 84, 123
Godard, Jean-Luc 5, 31, 73,
123
Godfrey, Tony 84
137

Index

Fitkin, Graham 84
Flack, Audrey 80
Flaubert, Gustave 6, 16
Forster, E. M. 16, 20
Foucault, Michel
art 66
death of the author 23
on Derrida’s style 9
difference, politics of 58, 60,
61
discourse and power 92
grand narratives, resisting 16
self and identity 50, 51
theory, rise of 6, 7
unreal images 112
words, power of 45–6, 47,
48–9
‘found’ objects 125
Fowles, John, The French
Lieutenant’s Woman
70–1, 73
Freud, Lucian 126
Freud, Sigmund 29–30, 42, 97,
115, 125
Freudianism 13, 20, 51, 114
Fried, Michael 82, 83
Fuentes, Carlos 69

discourse and power 44,
92–101
self and identity 50–1, 56
words, power of 56–9
Disneyland 112–13
Doctorow, E. L. 56, 69
Duchamp, Marcel 2, 66, 125
Dworkin, Ronald 123

intertextuality 24, 31–2, 85, 89
irony, postmodernist 118–19,
120–1
Izenour, Steven 89

grand narratives, resisting
13–16
Grass, Gunter 57, 126
Gray, John 120–1, 123
Gross, Paul 42
Guttman, Amy 123

J
Jacklin, Bill 126
Jameson, Frederic 3, 31, 87,
110, 111–12
Jencks, Charles 64, 89
JFK 112
Johns, Jasper, Fool’s House 63
Johnson, Mark 25
Joyce, James 5, 32, 70, 73
Just, E. E. 42
justice 115

Postmodernism

H
Haacke, Hans 92, 102, 104
Habermas, Jürgen 61
Hampshire, Stuart 123
Hanem, Kuchuk 16
Hanson, Duane 80
Hartman, Geoffrey 28
Harvey, David 117
Hassan, Ihab 5
Heidegger, Martin 6, 87
Henze, Hans Werner 76, 84
historiographical metaﬁction
70–3
history, rewriting 32–6, 70–3
Hockney, David 126
Hodgkin, Howard 126
Hopkins, David 97
Hughes, Robert 59, 103–4
Hume, David 120
Hutcheon, Linda 52, 87, 93
Huyssen, Andreas 64
hyperrealization 114

K
Kant, Immanuel 120
Kantianism 51, 55, 59
Kelly, Mary 64
Kesey, Ken 48
Kiefer, Anselm 64, 80, 106
King, Martin Luther 74
Kitaj, R. B. 126
Koons, Jeff 66
New Hoover Quadraﬂex 65
Krauss, Rosalind 87
Kruger, Barbara 99–100, 102
Kundera, Milan 111, 125
Kymlicka, Will 123

I
identity 50–6, 57–9, 121
ideology 28–32
Imagination, Romantic view of
12
Immendorff, Jorg 106
Impressionism 76
Internet 117

L
Laing, R. D. 48
Lakoff, George 25
Lascaux Caves 114
Latour, Bruno 37
138

M
McEwan, Ian 126
McHale, Brian 69
McLuhan, Marshall 3
Madonna 64–6
magic realist ﬁction 69
Mahler, Gustav 74
Mailer, Norman 126
Malamud, Bernard 126
Mallarmé, Stephane 6, 70
Man, Paul de 28, 30
Manet, Edouard 86
Mapplethorpe scandal 104
Martin, Emily 41
Marx, Karl 2, 42
difference, politics of 59
scepticism and ideology 29,
30
theory, rise of 7
unreal images 115
words, power of 49
Marxism 45, 60, 103, 111, 114
grand narratives, resisting
13, 14
master narratives, resisting
13–16
Matisse, Henri 5

N
Nabokov, Vladimir 69
Nagel, Thomas 51
139

Index

media 110–11, 114–15, 117
mesmerism 12
metanarratives, resisting
13–16
metaphor 24–8
Mies van der Rohe, Ludwig 5
Miller, Hillis 28, 30
minimalism 1, 3, 81–5
modernism
architecture 89
art 64, 66, 77
conceptualism 80, 81–3
discourse and power 94
formalism 105
metanarratives 62, 64
music 74
novels 70, 73
postmodernism’s relation to
5, 86–9, 125
postmodernist criticisms 6
sensory overload 117
unreal images 111–12
Monet, Claude 107
Morley, Malcolm, SS
Amsterdam in Front of
Rotterdam 77, 78–80
Morris, Robert 82
Mulvey, Laura 47
Munslow, Alun 33, 36
Murdoch, Iris 51–2
Murray, Elizabeth 107
Her Story 107
music 73–6
minimalism 84–5

Le Corbusier 77, 92
Levine, Sherrie 87–8
Lévi-Strauss, Claude 74
Ligeti, Gyorgy 75, 126
Lutoslawski, Witold 126
Lyotard, Jean-François 28, 29,
49, 60, 62
grand narratives, resisting
13, 14, 15
Lysenkoism 39

Prince, Richard 87
Proust, Marcel 6
Purkiss, Diane 36
Pynchon, Thomas 3, 69

National Gallery, Sainsbury
Wing, London 89–91
neo-expressionism 106–9, 125
Neue Staatsgallerie, Stuttgart
91
‘new novel’ 69
Nietzsche, Friedrich 6, 16, 24,
112
Nono, Luigi 76
novels 68–73
Nussbaum, Martha 123
Nyman, Michael 84

R
Rauschenberg, Robert 5, 6,
123, 125
Odalisk 124
Ravel, Maurice 74
Rawls, John 10, 51, 123
Raz, Joseph 123
Reich, Riley 84
Renoir, Jean 5
Robbe-Grillet, Alain 5, 6, 7, 69,
94
Rodin, Auguste 2
Rogers, Richard 123
Rorty, Richard 118–19, 120,
123
Rose, Barbara 107
Rosler, Martha 95
Roth, Philip 52, 126
Rushdie, Salman 14, 52, 56–7,
111, 125
Ryle, Gilbert 10

Postmodernism

O
October group 107–9
opera 75–6
Oppenheimer, Robert 39
Orwell, George 1984 48

P
Penck, P. A. R. 106
Philosophy and Literature 10
photography 87–8, 93–4,
100–1
Picasso, Pablo 76
Pinter, Harold 126
Plato 24, 31
Plutarch 33
political art 102–9
Portman, Jon, Westin
Bonaventura Hotel, LA
3, 4
Post-Impressionism 76
poststructuralist theory 7
power and discourse 44,
92–102
self and identity 50–1, 56
words, power of 56–9

S
Said, Edward 15–16
Sainsbury Wing, National
Gallery, London 89–91
Salle, David 64, 75, 106
Salt, John 80
Sandel, Michael 123
Sartre, Jean-Paul 6
Saussure, Ferdinand de 8
scepticism 28–32, 61
Schama, Simon 34
140

Schindler’s List 103
Schnabel, Julian 75, 106
Schneeman, Carolee, Interior
Scroll 97, 98
Schnittke, Alfred 75
Schoenberg, Arnold 74, 76, 85
Schopenhauer, Arthur 97
Schwarz, K. Robert 85
science, attacking 37–42
Scott Brown, Denise 89–90
Searle, John 8–9
self 50–6, 57–9, 121
Seurat, Georges 93
Shakespeare, William 33, 49
Sherman, Cindy 87, 123
#228 97–9
Untitled Film Stills 53–5
Shostakovich, Dmitri
Dmitrievich 75
signs as systems 19–21, 111–12,
114, 118
Silverman, Gilbert 104
Simpson, O. J. 115
Smith, David 84
social construction theories 58
Social Text 40
Sokal, Alan 39–40
Sollers, Philippe 7
Sontag, Susan 5
sperm and egg controversy
41–2, 57
Spielberg, Steven 103
Stella, Frank 123
Stirling, James 91, 123
Stockhausen, Karlheinz 5, 6,
84, 123
Stone, Oliver 3, 112
Stravinsky, Igor 5, 76
surrealism 10–11, 77, 125

T

U
United Nations’ Declaration
on Human Rights 122
Updike, John 52, 126

V
Van Gogh, Vincent 87
Vargas Llosa, Mario 125
Venturi, Robert 5, 89–91
vocal music 75–6

W
Wagner, Richard 85
Wall, Jeff 86
141

Index

Takemitsu, Toru 75
television 110–11, 117
Tennyson, Alfred, Lord 26–7,
29
text, playing with the 21–3
textualizing view of the world
105–6
Theatre of Abraxis 91, 92
theory
and art 76–8
rise of 5–8
Thomas, Keith 36
tolerance 121–2
Torke, Michael 84
Toselli Gallery, Milan 92
translation, problems with
8–11
Truffaut, François 126
truth, conﬁdence in 110–11
Turnage, Mark-Antony 75

