David Miller

POLITICAL
PHILOSOPHY
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai
Dar es Salaam Delhi Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi
São Paulo Shanghai Taipei Tokyo Toronto
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© David Miller 2003
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2003
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280395–6
3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Political Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS
David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART THEORY
Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ
Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR
Robert McMahon

Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott

HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD
Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS
Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue

POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN
Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN
John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY
Geraldine Pinch
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FREE WILL Thomas Pink

FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Habermas Gordon Finlayson
HIEROGLYPHS
Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies
MOLECULES Philip Ball
Myth Robert Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and
Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
THE PRESOCRATICS
Catherine Osborne
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Contents

Preface

ix

List of illustrations

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

xi

Why do we need political philosophy? 1
Political authority 19
Democracy 37
Freedom and the limits of government 55
Justice

74

Feminism and multiculturalism 92
Nations, states, and global justice
Further reading
Index

141

133

112

Preface

I wanted this book to make political philosophy engaging and accessible
to people who had never encountered it before, and so I have tried hard
to write as simply as possible without sacriﬁcing accuracy. Explaining
some fairly abstract ideas without lapsing into the technical jargon that
deadens so much academic writing today proved to be an interesting
challenge. I am extremely grateful to friends from different walks of life
who agreed to read the ﬁrst draft of the manuscript, and along with
general encouragement made many helpful suggestions: Graham
Anderson, George Brown, Sue Miller, Elaine Poole, and Adam Swift, as
well as two readers from Oxford University Press. I should also like to
thank Zoﬁa Stemplowska for invaluable help in preparing the ﬁnal
manuscript.

List of illustrations

1

The virtuous ruler from
The Allegory of Good and
Bad Government by
Ambrogio Lorenzetti
4
Palazzo Pubblico, Siena.
Photo © Archivio Iconograﬁco
S.A./Corbis

2 Plato and Socrates,
frontispiece by Matthew
Paris (d. 1259) for The
Prognostics of Socrates the
King.
12
The Bodleian Library,
University of Oxford, shelfmark
MS. Ashm, 304, fol. 31v

3 Thomas Hobbes,
defender of political
authority

24

© Michael Nicholson/Corbis

4 How anarchists see
political authority:
Russian cartoon 1900 30

5 The Goddess of
Democracy facing a
portrait of Mao in
Tiananmen Square,
Beijing

39

© Jacques Langevin/Corbis
Sygma

6 One way to invigorate
democracy: politicians
beware!
44
Cartoon by David Low,
5 September 1933 © Evening
Standard/Centre for the Study of
Cartoons & Caricature, University
of Kent, Canterbury

7 Jean-Jacques Rousseau,
philosopher of
democracy
49
Musée Antoine Lecuyer,
Saint-Quentin, France. Photo
© Bettmann/Corbis

8 A controversial view
of liberty, 1950

13
60

Cartoon by David Low,
15 February 1950 © Daily
Herald/Centre for the Study
of Cartoons & Caricature,
University of Kent, Canterbury

9 Isaiah Berlin, the most
widely read philosopher
of liberty in the 20th
century
64

© 2003 TopFoto.co.uk/Museum
of London/HIP

14

Photo by Douglas Glass
© J. C. C. Glass

10

John Stuart Mill,
utilitarian, feminist, and
defender of liberty
69

Justice from The Allegory
of Good and Bad
Government by Ambrogio
Lorenzetti
75
Palazzo Pubblico, Siena.
Photo © Archivio Iconograﬁco
S.A./Corbis

12

15

103

Multicultural harmony:
the Notting Hill
Carnival, 1980
110
© Hulton Archive

16

Canadians rally for
national unity against
Quebec separatism,
Montreal 1995
115
© Kraft Brooks/Corbis Sygma

17

John Rawls, author of the
hugely inﬂuential A
Theory of Justice
88
Private collection

Muslims burn The
Satanic Verses in
Bradford, UK, 1989
© Corbis Sygma

© Corbis

11

The price of women’s
liberation: the suffragette
Emmeline Pankhurst
arrested outside
Buckingham Palace,
1914
96

Resisting globalization,
US-style: Latvia
1996
122
© Steve Raymer/Corbis

18

Universal human rights:
actors Julie Christie and
Cy Grant marking UN
Human Rights Day 129
© Hulton Archive

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Chapter 1
Why do we need
political philosophy?

This is a small book about a big subject, and since a picture is
proverbially worth a thousand words I want to begin it by talking
about a very large picture that can help us to see what political
philosophy is all about. The picture in question was painted
between 1337 and 1339 by Ambrogio Lorenzetti, and it covers
three walls of the Sala dei Nove in the Palazzo Pubblico of Siena.
It is usually called the Allegory of Good and Bad Government, and
what Lorenzetti’s frescos do is ﬁrst of all to depict the nature of
good and bad government respectively by means of ﬁgures who
represent the qualities that rulers ought and ought not to have,
and then to show the effects of the two kinds of government on
the lives of ordinary people. So in the case of good government we
see the digniﬁed ruler dressed in rich robes and sitting on his
throne, surrounded by ﬁgures representing the virtues of Courage,
Justice, Magnanimity, Peace, Prudence, and Temperance. Beneath
him stand a line of citizens encircled by a long rope the ends of
which are tied to the ruler’s wrist, symbolizing the harmonious
binding together of ruler and people. As we turn to the right we
see Lorenzetti’s portrayal of the effects of good government ﬁrst in
the city and then in the countryside. The city is ordered and
wealthy: we see artisans plying their trades, merchants buying and
selling goods, nobles riding gaily decorated horses; in one place a
group of dancers join hands in a circle. Beyond the city gate a
well-dressed lady rides out to hunt, passing on the way a plump
1

saddleback pig being driven in to market; in the countryside itself
peasants till the earth and gather in the harvest. In case any
careless viewer should fail to grasp the fresco’s message, it is spelt
out in a banner held aloft by a winged ﬁgure representing
Security:
Without fear every man may travel freely and each may till and sow,
so long as this commune still maintains this lady sovereign, for she

Political Philosophy

has stripped the wicked of all power.

The fresco on the other side, representing evil government, is less
well preserved, but its message is equally plain: a demonic ruler
surrounded by vices like Avarice, Cruelty, and Pride, a city under
military occupation, and a barren countryside devastated by
ghostly armies. Here the inscription held by the ﬁgure of Fear
reads:
Because each seeks only his own good, in this city Justice is
subjected to tyranny; wherefore along this road nobody passes
without fearing for his life, since there are robberies outside and
inside the city gates.

There is no better way to understand what political philosophy is
and why we need it than by looking at Lorenzetti’s magniﬁcent
mural. We can deﬁne political philosophy as an investigation into
the nature, causes, and effects of good and bad government, and our
picture not only encapsulates this quest, but expresses in striking
visual form three ideas that stand at the very heart of the subject.
The ﬁrst is that good and bad government profoundly affect the
quality of human lives. Lorenzetti shows us how the rule of justice
and the other virtues allows ordinary people to work, trade, hunt,
dance, and generally do all those things that enrich human
existence, while on the other side of the picture, tyranny breeds
poverty and death. So that is the ﬁrst idea: it really makes a
difference to our lives whether we are governed well or badly. We
cannot turn our back on politics, retreat into private life, and
2

imagine that the way we are governed will not have profound effects
on our personal happiness.

The third idea is that we can know what distinguishes good
government from bad: we can trace the effects of different forms
of government, and we can learn what qualities go to make up the
best form of government. In other words, there is such a thing as
political knowledge. Lorenzetti’s frescos bear all the marks of this
idea. As we have seen, the virtuous ruler is shown surrounded by
ﬁgures representing the qualities that, according to the political
philosophy of the age, characterized good government. The frescos
are meant to be instructive: they are meant to teach both rulers and
citizens how to achieve the kind of life that they wanted. And this
presupposes, as Lorenzetti surely believed, that we can know how
this is to be done.
Should we believe the message of the frescos, however? Are the
claims they implicitly make actually true? Does it really make a
difference to our lives what kind of government we have? Do we
have any choice in the matter, or is the form of our government
something over which we have no control? And can we know what
3

Why do we need political philosophy?

The second idea is that the form our government takes is not
predetermined: we have a choice to make. Why, after all, was the
mural painted in the ﬁrst place? It was painted in the Sala dei
Nove – the Room of the Nine – and these Nine were the rotating
council of nine wealthy merchants who ruled the city in the ﬁrst
half of the 14th century. So it served not only to remind these men
of their responsibilities to the people of Siena, but also as a
celebration of the republican form of government that had been
established there, at a time of considerable political turmoil in
many of the Italian cities. The portrayal of evil government was not
just an academic exercise: it was a reminder of what might happen
if the rulers of the city failed in their duty to the people, or if the
people failed in their duty to keep a watchful eye on their
representatives.

Political Philosophy

1. The virtuous ruler from The Allegory of Good and Bad Government
by Ambrogio Lorenzetti.

makes one form of government better than another? These are
some of the big questions that political philosophers ask, as well as
many smaller ones. But before trying to answer them, I need to add
a few more words of explanation.
When talking about government here, I mean something much
broader than ‘the government of the day’ – the group of people in
authority in any society at a particular moment. Indeed I mean
something broader than the state – the political institutions
through which authority is exercised, such as the cabinet of
ministers, parliament, courts of law, police, armed forces, and so
forth. I mean the whole body of rules, practices and institutions
under whose guidance we live together in societies. That human
beings need to cooperate with one another, to know who can do
what with whom, who owns which parts of the material world,
what happens if somebody breaks the rules, and so forth, we can
4

perhaps take for granted here. But we cannot yet take it for
granted that they must have a state to solve these problems. As we
shall see in the next chapter, one central issue in political
philosophy is why we need states, or more generally political
authority, in the ﬁrst place, and we need to engage with the
anarchist argument that societies can perfectly well govern
themselves without it. So for the time being, I want to leave it an
open question whether ‘good government’ requires having a state,
or a government in the conventional sense, at all. Another question
that will remain open until the last chapter of the book is whether
there should be just one government or many governments – a
single system for the whole of humanity, or different systems for
different peoples.

Back now to the ideas behind the big picture. The easiest of the
three to defend is the idea that government profoundly affects the
quality of our lives. If any reader fails to recognize this straight
away, it is perhaps because he or she is living under a relatively
5

Why do we need political philosophy?

When Lorenzetti painted his murals, he presented good and bad
government primarily in terms of the human qualities of the two
kinds of rulers, and the effects those qualities had on the lives of
their subjects. Given the medium in which the message was
conveyed, this was perhaps unavoidable, but in any case it was very
much in line with the thinking of his age. Good government was as
much about the character of those who governed – their prudence,
courage, generosity, and so on – as about the system of government
itself. Of course there were also debates about the system: about
whether monarchy was preferable to republican government or
vice versa, for instance. Today the emphasis has changed: we think
much more about the institutions of good government, and less
about the personal qualities of the people who make them work.
Arguably we have gone too far in this direction, but I will follow
modern fashion and talk in later chapters primarily about good
government as a system, not about how to make our rulers
virtuous.

Political Philosophy

stable form of government where not much changes from year to
year. One party replaces another at election time, but the switch
only makes a marginal impact on most people’s lives (though
politicians like to pretend otherwise). But think instead about some
of the regimes that rose and fell in the last century: think about the
Nazi regime in Germany and the 6 million Jews who were killed by
it, or think about Mao’s China and the 20 million or more who died
as a result of the famine induced by the so-called ‘Great Leap
Forward’. Meanwhile in other countries whole populations saw
their living standards rise at an unprecedented rate. Twentiethcentury history seems to have reproduced the stark contrast of
Lorenzetti’s mural almost exactly.
But at this point we have to consider the second of our three ideas.
Even if different forms of government were, and still are, direct
causes of prosperity and poverty, life and death, how far are we able
to inﬂuence the regimes that govern us? Or are they just links in a
chain, themselves governed by deeper causes over which we have
no control? And if so, what is the point of political philosophy,
whose avowed purpose is to help us choose the best form of
government?
The fatalistic view that we have no real political choices to make has
appeared in different forms at different times in history. In the
period when Lorenzetti was painting his frescos, many believed that
history moved in cycles: good government could not endure, but
would inevitably become corrupted with the passage of time,
collapse into tyranny, and only through slow stages be brought back
to its best form. In other periods – most notably the 19th century –
the prevailing belief was in the idea of historical progress: history
moved in a straight line from primitive barbarism to the higher
stages of civilization. But once again this implied that the way
societies were governed depended on social causes that were not
amenable to human control. The most inﬂuential version of this
was Marxism, which held that the development of society depended
ultimately on the way in which people produced material goods –
6

the technology they used, and the economic system they adopted.
Politics became part of the ‘superstructure’; it was geared to the
needs of the prevailing form of production. So, according to Marx,
in capitalist societies the state had to serve the interests of the
capitalist class, in socialist societies it would serve the interests of
the workers, and eventually, under communism, it would disappear
completely. In this light, speculation about the best form of
government becomes pointless: history will solve the problem
for us.

But if 20th-century experience put paid to the kind of historical
determinism that was so prevalent in the 19th, by the beginning of
the 21st a new form of fatalism had appeared. This was inspired by
the growth of a new global economy, and the belief that states had
increasingly little room for manœuvre if they wanted their people
7

Why do we need political philosophy?

Interestingly enough, the career of Marxism itself shows us what is
wrong with this kind of determinism. Under the inﬂuence of
Marxist ideas, socialist revolutions broke out in places where,
according to Marx, they should not have occurred – in societies
such as Russia and China which were relatively undeveloped
economically, and therefore not ready to adopt a socialist form of
production. In the more advanced capitalist societies, meanwhile,
fairly stable democratic governments were established in some
places – something Marx had thought impossible given the classdivided nature of these societies – while other countries fell prey to
fascist regimes. Politics, it turned out, was to a considerable extent
independent of economics, or of social development more
generally. And this meant that once again people had big choices to
make, not only about their form of government in the narrow
sense, but about the broader way their society was constituted.
Should they have a one-party state or a liberal democracy with free
elections? Should the economy be centrally planned or based on
the free market? These are questions of the sort that political
philosophers try to answer, and they were once more back on the
agenda.

Political Philosophy

to beneﬁt from it. Any state that tried to buck the market would
ﬁnd that its economy slumped. And the only states that were likely
to succeed in the new global competition were the liberal
democracies, so although it was possible for a society to be
governed differently – to have an Islamic regime, for example – the
price for this would be relative economic decline: a price, it was
assumed, no society would wish to pay. This was the so-called ‘end
of history’ thesis, essentially a claim that all societies would be
propelled by economic forces into governing themselves in roughly
the same way.
There is little doubt that this form of fatalism will be undermined
by events just as earlier forms were. Already we can see a backlash
against globalization in the form of political movements concerned
about the environment, or the impact of global markets on
developing nations, or the levelling-down quality of global culture.
These movements challenge the idea that economic growth is the
supreme goal, and in the course of doing so raise questions about
what we ultimately value in our lives, and how we can achieve these
aims, that are central questions of political philosophy. And even if
we conﬁne ourselves to political debate that lies closer to the
conventional centre ground, there is still plenty of scope to argue
about how much economic freedom we should sacriﬁce in the
name of greater equality, or how far personal liberty should be
restricted in order to strengthen the communities in which we live.
As I write, there is a ﬁerce argument going on about terrorism, the
rights of individuals, and the principle that we cannot interfere in
the internal affairs of other states, no matter how they are
governed. Once again these are issues over which collective choices
have to be made, and they are quintessentially issues of political
philosophy.
So far I have argued that political philosophy deals with issues that
are of vital importance to all of us, and furthermore issues over
which we have real political choices to make. Now I want to
confront another reason for dismissing the whole subject, namely
8

that politics is about the use of power, and powerful people –
politicians especially – do not pay any attention to works of political
philosophy. If you want to change things, according to this line of
thought, you should go out on the streets, demonstrate, and cause
some chaos, or alternatively perhaps see if you can ﬁnd a politician
to bribe or blackmail, but you shouldn’t bother with learned
treatises on the good society that nobody reads.

The example of Hobbes can help to explain why political
philosophers have so rarely made a direct impact on political events.
Because they look at politics from a philosophical perspective, they
are bound to challenge many of the conventional beliefs held both
9

Why do we need political philosophy?

It is true that when political philosophers have tried to intervene
directly in political life, they have usually come unstuck. They
have advised powerful rulers – Aristotle acted as tutor to
Alexander the Great, Machiavelli attempted to counsel the
Medicis in Florence, and Diderot was invited to St Petersburg by
Catherine the Great to discuss how to modernize Russia – but
whether these interventions did any good is another question.
Treatises written during times of intense political conﬂict have
often succeeded merely in alienating both sides to the conﬂict. A
famous example is Thomas Hobbes’s Leviathan, a masterpiece of
political philosophy written while the English Civil War was still
raging. Hobbes’s arguments in favour of absolute government,
which I shall discuss more fully in the following chapter, were
welcomed neither by the Royalists nor by the Parliamentarians.
The former believed that kings had been divinely ordained to rule,
the latter that legitimate government required the consent of its
subjects. The bleak picture of the human condition painted by
Hobbes led him to the conclusion that we must submit to any
established and effective government, no matter what its
credentials were. By implication Charles I had a right to rule
when he was in power, but so did Cromwell when he had
succeeded in deposing Charles. This was not what either side
wanted to hear.

Political Philosophy

by politicians and by the public at large. They put these beliefs
under the microscope, asking exactly what people mean when they
say such and such, what evidence they have for their convictions,
how they would justify their beliefs if challenged to do so. One result
of this forensic examination is that when political philosophers put
forward their own ideas and proposals, these nearly always look
strange and disturbing to those who are used to the conventional
debate, as Hobbes’s ideas did to those ﬁghting on both sides in the
Civil War.
But this does not stop political philosophy from having an
inﬂuence, sometimes a considerable inﬂuence, with the passage of
time. When we think about politics, we make assumptions that we
are often barely aware of – underlying assumptions that
nevertheless do change quite radically over the course of history. At
the time Hobbes wrote, for instance, it was commonplace to argue
politically by appeal to religious principles, and especially to the
authority of the Bible. One of his lasting legacies was to make it
possible to think about politics in a purely secular way. Although
Hobbes himself was deeply preoccupied with religious questions,
his radically new approach to political authority allowed politics
and religion to be separated and discussed in different terms. Or
consider that in Hobbes’s time, only a few extreme radicals believed
in democracy as a form of government (typically, Hobbes himself
did not rule it out altogether, but he thought it was generally
inferior to monarchy). Nowadays, of course, we take democracy for
granted to the extent that we can barely imagine how any other
form of government could be seen as legitimate. How has this
change come about? The story is a complex one, but an
indispensable part in it has been played by political philosophers
arguing in favour of democracy, philosophers whose ideas were
taken up, popularized, and cast into the mainstream of politics. The
best known of these is probably Jean-Jacques Rousseau, whose
impact on the French Revolution through his book The Social
Contract is hard to dispute. (Thomas Carlyle, at least, had no
doubts. Challenged to show the practical importance of abstract
10

ideas, he is said to have replied, ‘There was once a man called
Rousseau who wrote a book containing nothing but ideas. The
second edition was bound in the skins of those who had laughed
at the ﬁrst.’)

But even if political philosophy answers to a genuine need, are its
own credentials genuine? (Horoscopes answer to a strongly felt
need – people want to know what the future holds in store for
them – but most of us think that horoscopes themselves are
completely bogus.) For political philosophy claims that it can
bring to us a kind of truth about politics, something different
from the opinions that guide us from day to day. This claim was
presented most dramatically by Plato, often regarded as the
father of the subject, through the allegory of the cave in the
Republic. Plato likens ordinary people to prisoners who have been
chained in a cave in such a way that they can only see the
shadows of things on a screen in front of them; they would
11

Why do we need political philosophy?

Nobody can tell in advance whether any given work of political
thought will have the effect of Hobbes’s Leviathan or Rousseau’s
Social Contract, or to take a later example, Marx and Engels’s The
Communist Manifesto. It depends entirely on whether the
underlying shift in thinking that the philosopher proposes
corresponds to political and social change in such a way that the
new ideas can become the commonplaces of the following
generations. Other works of political philosophy have enjoyed a
limited success and then disappeared virtually without trace. But
the need for political philosophy is always there, especially perhaps
at moments when we face new political challenges that we cannot
deal with using the conventional wisdom of the day. At these
moments we need to dig deeper, to probe the basis of our political
beliefs, and it is here that we may turn to political philosophy, not
perhaps at source, but as ﬁltered through pamphlets, magazines,
newspapers and the like – every successful political philosopher has
relied on media-friendly disciples to put his or her ideas into
circulation.

2. Plato and Socrates, frontispiece by Matthew Paris (d. 1259) for The
Prognostics of Socrates the King.

assume, Plato says, that these shadows were the only real things.
Now suppose that one of the prisoners was to be freed and
emerged blinking into the light. In time he would come to see
real objects in the world, and understand that what he had seen
before were no more than shadows. But if he were then to return
to the cave to try to persuade his fellows of their mistake, they
would be unlikely to believe him. This, Plato thinks, is the
position of the philosopher: he has genuine knowledge while
those around him have only distorted opinions, but because the
path to philosophical knowledge is long and hard, very few are
willing to take it.

Suppose we were to ask a politician what his goals were; what
aims or values the political community he belongs to should be
trying to achieve. If he belonged to a contemporary Western
society, he would probably come up with a fairly predictable list:
law and order, individual liberty, economic growth, full
employment, and one or two others. How might a political
philosopher respond to this? Well, ﬁrst of all she would turn the
spotlight on the goals themselves and ask which of them were
really ultimate goals. Take economic growth, for instance. Is
this a good thing in itself, or is it only good in so far as it gives
people more opportunities to choose from, or makes their lives
13

Why do we need political philosophy?

But was Plato justiﬁed in drawing such a sharp contrast between
philosophical knowledge and common opinion? This is not the
place to discuss the metaphysical underpinning of his distinction,
so let me say simply that my conception of political philosophy
does not involve endowing philosophers with a special kind of
knowledge not available to other human beings. Instead they
think and reason in much the same way as everyone else, but
they do so more critically and more systematically. They take less
for granted: they ask whether our beliefs are consistent with one
another, whether they are supported by evidence, and how, if at
all, they can be ﬁtted into one big picture. It is easiest to explain
this by taking some examples.

Political Philosophy

healthier and happier? Can we assume that further growth is
always good, or does there come a point where it no longer
contributes to the things that really matter? A similar question
might be asked about full employment. Do we value full
employment because we believe it is intrinsically valuable for
people to engage in paid work, or is it rather that people cannot
have a decent standard of living unless they do work? But if the
second is true, why not give everyone an income whether they work
or not, and make work into a voluntary activity for those who
enjoy it?
Our political philosopher will also ask about how the different goals
on the politicians’ list are related to one another. Politicians very
rarely concede that they might have to sacriﬁce one aim in order to
achieve another, but perhaps in reality they do. Take law and order
versus individual liberty, for instance. Could our streets not be made
safer by limiting individual liberty – for instance by giving the police
greater powers to arrest people they suspected were about to engage
in criminal acts? If so, which value should have the higher priority?
Of course in order to decide that, she would need to say a bit more
precisely what individual liberty means. Is it simply being able to do
whatever you like, or is it doing what you like so long as you don’t
harm anyone else? This makes a big difference to the question being
asked.
In raising these questions, and suggesting some answers, political
philosophers are not (or needn’t be) appealing to any esoteric
form of knowledge. They are inviting their readers to reﬂect on
their own political values, and to see which ones they care about
most in the ﬁnal analysis. Along the way they may add in some
new pieces of information. For instance, when contemplating the
value of economic growth, it is relevant to see how people whose
material living standards are very different score in terms of
physical indicators such as health and mortality, and
psychological indicators such as how satisﬁed they feel with
their lives. Political philosophers therefore need to have a
14

What I have tried to do in the last few paragraphs is to show how
political philosophy can illuminate the way we think about politics
without making claims to a special kind of truth that is
inaccessible to the ordinary person. There is a related issue here,
which is how far the kind of truth political philosophy gives us is
universal truth – truth that applies to all societies and in all
periods of history. Or is the best we can hope for local knowledge,
knowledge that is relevant only to the particular kind of society we
live in today?
The answer I want to give is that the agenda of political
philosophy changes as society and government change, although
some items have stayed on it as far back as our records go.
Among these perennial questions are basic questions about
politics and political authority that I shall be addressing in the
next chapter. Why do we need politics in the ﬁrst place? What
right has anybody to force another person to do something
against their will? Why should I obey the law when it does not
suit me to? But in other cases, either the questions, or the
answers, or both, have changed over time, and we need to see
why this is so.
15

Why do we need political philosophy?

good grasp of social and political science. In earlier periods,
they attempted to obtain this primarily by collating such evidence
as was available from the historical record about a wide range of
human societies, and their various political systems. This evidence
was somewhat impressionistic and often unreliable. In this respect
political philosophers today can build on more solid empirical
foundations by virtue of the huge expansion of the social
sciences in the 20th century. But the essential nature of their task
remains the same. They take what we know about human societies,
and the ways in which they are governed, and then they ask
what the best form of government would be, in the light of aims
and values that they believe their audience will share. Sometimes
this best form of government turns out to be quite close to the form
that already exists; sometimes it is radically different.

Political Philosophy

One reason is that changes in society open up possibilities that
did not exist before, or alternatively close them off. As an
example, think of democracy as a form of government. Almost
every political philosopher today – in Western societies at least –
takes it for granted that good government must mean some kind
of democracy; in one way or another the people must rule (as we
shall see in Chapter 3, this leaves plenty of room for argument
about what democracy really means in practice). For many
centuries beforehand, the opposite view prevailed: good
government meant government by a wise monarch, or an
enlightened aristocracy, or men of property, or perhaps some
combination of these. So are we right and our predecessors
simply wrong? No, because democracy seems to need certain
preconditions to function successfully: it needs a wealthy and
literate population, media of mass communication so that ideas
and opinions can circulate freely, a well-functioning legal system
that commands people’s respect, and so forth. And these
conditions did not obtain anywhere until the fairly recent past,
nor could they be created overnight (classical Athens is often held
up as an exception, but it is important to remember that
Athenian ‘democracy’ encompassed only a minority of the city’s
population, and rested, as the Greeks themselves recognized, on
the work of women, slaves, and resident aliens). So the older
philosophers were not wrong to dismiss democracy as a form of
government. Even Rousseau, who as we saw earlier was an
inﬂuential source of democratic ideas, said that it was suitable
only for gods and not for men. Given the prevailing conditions,
democracy as we understand it today was not a viable form of
government.
For another example of the shifting agenda of political
philosophy, consider the value we attach today to personal choice.
We think people should be free to choose their jobs, their
partners, their religious beliefs, the clothes they wear, the music
they listen to, and so on and so forth. It is important, we think,
that each person should discover or invent the style of life that
16

suits them best. But how much sense would this make in a
society where most people, in order to stay alive, are bound to
follow in their parents’ footsteps, with little choice of occupation,
few entertainments, a common religion, and so on? Here other
values become much more important. And this is how societies
have been for most of human history, so it is hardly surprising
that only in the last couple of centuries do we ﬁnd political
philosophies built around the supreme value of personal choice,
such as John Stuart Mill’s On Liberty, which I shall discuss in
Chapter 4.

I have also tried to strike a balance between laying out the
contrasting positions that have been taken up on these issues, and
presenting arguments of my own. My aim is to explain what is at
issue when anarchists argue with statists, democrats argue with
elitists, liberals argue with authoritarians, nationalists argue with
cosmopolitans, and so on, but it would be disingenuous to claim
that I am surveying these debates from some entirely neutral,
Olympian perspective. One cannot write about political
philosophy without doing it as well. So although I have tried not
to browbeat the reader into thinking that there is only one
plausible answer to some of the most ﬁercely contested questions
of our time, I have not attempted to disguise my sympathies
either. Where you disagree with me, I hope you will ﬁnd the
17

Why do we need political philosophy?

In this book I have tried to strike a balance between the perennial
questions of political philosophy and those that have appeared on
its agenda only in the fairly recent past, such as the claims of women
and cultural minorities discussed in Chapter 6. Striking this
balance can be difﬁcult: it is easy to get swept away by the political
topics of the moment and lose sight of basic issues that underlie
politics everywhere. One remedy is to travel back to Siena and
Lorenzetti’s frescos and be reminded again that how political
authority is constituted can make the difference between plenty and
poverty, life and death. This is the starting point of the chapter that
follows.

Political Philosophy

reasons on your side of the argument fairly presented. Of course,
I hope even more that you will be convinced by the reasons on
my side.

18

Chapter 2
Political authority

If someone were to ask how we govern ourselves today – under what
arrangements do we live together in society – the answer must be
that we are governed by states that wield unprecedented power to
inﬂuence our lives. They not only provide us with basic protection
against attack on our persons and our possessions, they also
regiment us in countless ways, laying down the terms on which we
may make our living, communicate with one another, travel to and
fro, raise our children, and so on. At the same time they supply us
with a huge range of beneﬁts, from health care and education
through to roads, houses, parks, museums, sports grounds, and the
like. It would not be going too far to say that today we are creatures
of the state. Not all states are equally successful in performing these
functions, of course, but no one beneﬁts from belonging to a failing
state.
Looked at from the perspective of human history, this is a very
recent phenomenon. Human societies have usually governed
themselves on a much smaller scale. In tribal societies authority
might rest in the hands of the village elders, who would meet to
settle any disputes that arose among the members of the tribe, or
interpret tribal law. When societies emerged on a larger scale, as in
China under the Han dynasty or medieval Europe, they still lacked
anything that deserved to be called a state. Although supreme
authority rested in the hands of the king or the emperor, day-to-day
19

Political Philosophy

governance was carried out by local lords and their ofﬁcers. Their
impact on people’s lives was also much more limited, since they
neither attempted to regulate them so closely (except perhaps in
matters of religion), nor of course did they attempt to provide most
of the goods and services that modern states provide. Political
authority was woven into the social fabric in such a way that its
existence seemed relatively uncontroversial. The arguments that
took place were about who in particular should wield it (by what
right did kings rule?), and whether it should be divided between
different bodies, for instance between kings and priests.
The emergence of the modern state, however, ﬁrst in Western
Europe, and then almost everywhere else, has meant that the
problem of political authority has preoccupied political
philosophers for the last 500 years. Here is an institution that
claims the right to govern our lives in countless ways. What can
justify that claim? Under what circumstances, if any, do states wield
legitimate political authority? How far are we as ordinary citizens
obliged to obey the laws they make and follow their other dictates?
These very basic questions need to be resolved before we can move
on in the following chapters to ask how best to constitute the state –
what the form of government should be – and what limits should be
set to its authority.
When we say that the state exercises political authority, what do we
mean? Political authority has two sides to it. On the one side, people
generally recognize it as authority, in other words as having the
right to command them to behave in certain ways. When people
obey the law, for instance, they usually do so because they think that
the body that made the law has a right to do so, and they have a
corresponding duty to comply. On the other side, people who refuse
to obey are compelled to do so by the threat of sanctions – lawbreakers are liable to be caught and punished. And these two
aspects are complementary. Unless most people obeyed the law
most of the time because they believed in its legitimacy, the system
could not work: to begin with, there would need to be huge
20

numbers of law-enforcement ofﬁcers, and then the question would
arise who should enforce the law on them. Equally, those who do
keep the law out of a sense of obligation are encouraged to do so by
knowing that people who break it are likely to be punished. I do not
steal from my neighbour because I respect his right of property. I
hope that he respects mine too, but I know that if he doesn’t I can
call the police to get my property back. So people who comply with
authority voluntarily know that they are protected from being taken
advantage of by less scrupulous persons.

I shall come back to anarchist alternatives to the state later in the
chapter, but ﬁrst I am going to defend political authority, as others
have before me, by asking the reader to imagine life in society
without it – with the police, the army, the legal system, the civil
service, and the other branches of the state all taken away. What
would happen then?
Perhaps the most famous thought-experiment along these lines can
be found in Thomas Hobbes’s Leviathan, published in 1651.
Hobbes, as I mentioned in Chapter 1, had experienced the partial
breakdown of political authority brought about by the English Civil
21

Political authority

Political authority, then, combines authority proper with forced
compliance. It is neither pure authority, like the authority of the
wise man whose disciples follow his instructions without any
compulsion, nor pure force, like the force exercised by the gunman
who relieves you of your wallet, but a blend of the two. But the
question remains, why do we need it? After all political authority,
particularly when exercised by a body as powerful as the modern
state, imposes a great many unwelcome requirements on us, some
of which (like paying taxes) make us materially worse off, but others
of which make us do things that we object to morally (like ﬁghting
in wars that we oppose). What reply can we give to the anarchist
who says that societies can govern themselves perfectly well without
political authority, and that the state is essentially a racket run for
the beneﬁt of those who hold positions of power?

War, and the picture he painted of life in its absence was
unremittingly bleak. He described the ‘natural condition of
mankind’ without political rule as one of ferocious competition for
the necessities of life, leaving people in constant fear in case they
should be robbed or attacked, and constantly inclined, therefore, to
strike at others ﬁrst. The result was summed up in a much-quoted
passage:
In such condition, there is no place for Industry; because the fruit
thereof is uncertain: and consequently no Culture of the Earth; no
Navigation, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by
Sea; no commodious Building; no Instruments of moving, and
removing such things as require much force; no Knowledge of the
face of the Earth; no account of Time; no Arts; no Letters; no

Political Philosophy

Society; and which is worst of all, continuall feare, and danger of
violent death; And the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and
short.

It is sometimes said that Hobbes reaches this pessimistic conclusion
because of a belief that people are naturally selﬁsh or greedy, and
will therefore try to grab as much for themselves as they can when
unrestrained by political authority. But this misses Hobbes’s real
point, which is that cooperation between people is impossible in the
absence of trust, and that trust will be lacking where there is no
superior power to enforce the law. Those things that Hobbes
describes as missing in the ‘natural condition’ are above all things
that require numbers of people to work together in the expectation
that others will do their part, and in the absence of political
authority it is not safe to have any such expectation. If I make an
agreement with someone, why should I expect him to keep it, if
there is no law to enforce the agreement? And even if he is inclined
to keep the agreement, he may wonder the same about me, and
decide that it is too risky to do so. In this situation, Hobbes argues,
it is only prudent to assume the worst, and take every step you can
to secure yourself against the threat of death; and the way to do
that, in turn, is to amass as much power relative to other people as
22

you can. At base it is fear of others, born of mistrust, that turns life
without political authority into ‘a perpetuall warre of every man
against his neighbour’.

We need political authority, then, because it gives us the security
that allows us to trust other people, and in a climate of trust people
are able to cooperate to produce all those beneﬁts that Hobbes
listed as signally lacking in the ‘natural condition’. But how can we
create authority where it does not exist? Hobbes envisaged everyone
gathering together and covenanting with one another to establish a
sovereign who would rule them from that day forward;
alternatively, they might submit themselves individually to a
powerful man, a conquering general for instance. He thought it
mattered little who had authority, so long as the authority was
unrestricted and undivided. Here we may part company with him.
But before looking more closely at how authority should be
constituted, we should pause to see whether there is any other way
23

Political authority

Was Hobbes’s pessimism justiﬁed? His critics point out that if we
look around us we can ﬁnd ample evidence of people trusting one
another, cooperating with one another, even helping each other
with nothing expected in return, without any involvement by the
state or any of its branches. A group of neighbours, for instance,
may decide together to repair a derelict children’s playground, form
a team, and divide up the work, each relying on the others to do
their bit, without any legal agreement or other means of
enforcement. Human nature is not as Hobbes portrayed it. But in a
way this misses the point. Although Hobbes probably did have a
rather low opinion of human nature (he was once caught out giving
money to a beggar, and had to explain that he only did it to relieve
his own discomfort at the sight of the beggar), his real point is that
in the climate of fear that would follow the breakdown of authority,
the kinder, more trusting, side of human nature would be
obliterated. And from what we know of human behaviour when
people are caught up in civil war and other situations in which their
very survival is at stake, he seems to have been right.

3. Thomas Hobbes, defender of political authority.

to escape the ‘natural condition’. Despite all that Hobbes says,
might social cooperation be possible in the absence of political
authority?
Anarchists believe that it is indeed possible, and although anarchist
voices have always been in a small minority, we should listen to
them: as political philosophers we are duty bound to put
conventional wisdom to the test, and so we cannot take political
authority for granted without exploring the alternatives to it. There
are two different directions we might take here: anarchists
themselves fall broadly into two camps. One points towards
community, the other towards the market.

Communitarian anarchists argue that, in a society made up of
communities like this, cooperation will be possible on a much larger
scale. Essentially communities will agree to exchange services with
one another – they may specialize in producing different kinds of
25

Political authority

The communitarian alternative to political authority takes face-toface communities as the building blocks that make trust and
cooperation between people possible. In a small community where
people interact with one another on a daily basis and everyone
knows who is a member and who isn’t, it is comparatively easy to
maintain social order. Anybody who attacks another person, takes
their possessions, or refuses to perform his fair share of the
community’s work, faces some obvious penalties. As news of his
behaviour spreads, other people will reprimand him and may refuse
to work with him in future. At community meetings he will be
denounced and he may even be asked to leave altogether. All this
can happen without the malefactor being forced to do anything or
being formally punished – that is why we can describe this as an
alternative to political authority rather than a form of it. One of the
most important human motives is a desire to be accepted and
respected by those around you, and in the setting of a small
community this makes cooperation possible even if people are not
saints.

Political Philosophy

goods for instance – and they will collaborate on projects that need
to be carried out on a larger scale, for instance, creating a transport
system or a postal service. It is in each community’s interest to make
these agreements, and the penalty for breaking them is that no one
will be willing to cooperate with your community in the future if it
proves to be untrustworthy. So once again there is no need for a
central authority to tell people what to do, and no need to use
coercive force to compel communities to cooperate – the system will
effectively be self-policing.
What is wrong with this idyllic picture of life without the state? One
major problem is that it relies on small, tight-knit communities as
the basis for social order, and although in the past this might have
been a reasonable assumption to make, it no longer is today. We live
in societies that are highly mobile, both in the sense that people can
move around physically quite easily, and in the sense that there is a
ready supply of new people to collaborate with, and also,
unfortunately, to take advantage of. The anarchist picture is not
nonsense, but it works on the assumption that we will interact over
time with the same group of people, so that the way we behave
becomes common knowledge in the group. It also assumes that the
possibility of being excluded from the group is a powerful deterrent
to antisocial behaviour. But in a large, mobile society that
assumption does not hold. We need, therefore, a legal system that
will track down and punish people who injure others, and that
allows us to make binding agreements with one another that carry a
penalty if we default.
Cooperation between communities is also less straightforward than
the anarchist picture supposes. For loyalty to your own community
frequently goes along with a fairly intense distrust of others, and
agreements may therefore collapse because we over here are not
convinced that you over there are contributing your fair share to the
project we are supposed to be working on together. And we may
disagree about what fairness requires in the ﬁrst place. Suppose we
want to build a society-wide rail network in the absence of a central
26

authority. What share of resources should each community
contribute? Should it be so much per head, or should richer
communities put in proportionally more? If my community is
situated in a remote area that costs much more to connect to the
network, should it alone cover the extra cost, or should that cost be
shared equally by all communities? There are no easy answers to
these questions, and no reason to think that it would be possible for
many local communities to come to a voluntary agreement about
them. The state, by contrast, can impose a solution: it can require
each person or each community to contribute a certain amount, say
through taxation.

Market anarchists – sometimes called libertarians – claim that we
could contract and pay individually for the services that the state
now provides, including crucially for personal protection. In the
absence of the state, ﬁrms would offer to protect clients and their
property, and this would include retrieving property that had been
stolen, enforcing contracts, and obtaining compensation for
personal injury. So if my neighbour steals something that is mine,
instead of calling the (public) police, I would call my protective
agency, and they would take action on my behalf against the
troublesome neighbour.
But what if the neighbour disputes my claim and calls his agency,
which may of course be different from mine? If the two agencies
cannot agree, libertarians claim, they may refer the case to an
arbitrator, who again would charge for her services. After all it is not
in the interest of either agency to get into a ﬁght. So there would be
27

Political authority

Now let us consider the other anarchist alternative to political
authority and the state, the one that relies on the economic market.
This certainly goes with the grain of the modern world, in so far as
the market has proved to be a formidable instrument for allowing
people to work together in large numbers. It already supplies us
with most of the goods and services we need and want. But could it
replace the state?

Political Philosophy

a primary market for protective services, and then a secondary
market for arbitration services to deal with disputes – unless of
course everyone chose to sign up with the same agency (but why
would that happen?). And the other services that the state now
provides would also be handed over to the market – people would
take out health insurance, pay to have their children educated, pay
to use toll roads, and so on.
Does this system really do away with political authority? The
protective agencies would need to use force to protect their clients’
rights. If my neighbour does not hand back the property when it has
been established that it rightfully belongs to me, then my agency
will send round its heavies to retrieve it. But still, there is no
authority proper, because my neighbour is not obliged to recognize
my agency – he can always ﬁght back – and I too can change
agencies if I dislike the way mine is behaving. So this is genuinely an
anarchist alternative to the state. But is it a good alternative?
It might look attractive if we thought that the various agencies
would all agree to implement the same set of rules to govern
property disputes and so forth, and would all consent to
independent arbitration in case of dispute. But why should they do
this? An agency might hope to win customers by promising to ﬁght
on their behalf no matter what – i.e. even if they appeared to be in
the wrong by the standards that most people accepted. Once a few
agencies like this enter the market, the others would have to
respond by taking an equally aggressive line themselves. And this
would mean that increasingly disputes would have to be settled by
physical force, with the risk to ordinary people of being caught in
the cross-ﬁre. We would be slipping back into Hobbes’s condition of
‘Warre, where every man is Enemy to every man’, and in this
condition the only rational decision for each person is to sign up
with the agency that is likely to win the most ﬁghts. But the result
would be to create a body with the power and authority to impose
the same body of rules on everyone – in other words we would
(inadvertently) have recreated the state.
28

There isn’t space here to consider all the ingenious arguments that
libertarian anarchists have come up with to show how public goods
could be provided through the market, or else by people banding
together and agreeing to contribute to their production: in political
philosophy there are always more arguments to make. But I hope
I have said enough to suggest why neither communities nor
markets – important as these are in many areas of human life – can
replace political authority and its modern embodiment, the state.
29

Political authority

There is another problem with relying on the market to carry out all
the functions that states now perform. One of these functions is the
provision of what are called ‘public goods’ – beneﬁts that everyone
enjoys and that no one can be excluded from enjoying. These come
in many and varied forms – clean air and water, for example,
defence against external aggression, access to roads, parks, cultural
amenities, media of communication, and so on. These goods are
created either by imposing restrictions on people – for example
when governments require manufacturers to curb the release of
toxic gases into the atmosphere – or by raising taxes and using the
revenue to pay for public broadcasting, transport systems,
environmental protection, and the like. Could these goods be
provided through an economic market? A market operates on the
basis that people pay for the goods and services they want to use,
and the problem with public goods is precisely that they are
provided for everyone whether they pay or not. Of course it is
possible that people might contribute voluntarily if they saw the
value of the good being provided: old churches that are costly to
maintain rely to some extent on visitors who enjoy looking round
the church putting money in the box by the door. But it is very
tempting to free ride, and in the case of many public goods we may
enjoy them almost without realizing it (we don’t think, as we get up
in the morning, how lucky we are to have breathable air and
protection against foreign invasion; we take these things for
granted until something goes wrong). So it seems that we need
political authority with the power to compel in order to ensure that
these goods are provided.

4. How anarchists see political authority: Russian cartoon 1900. The
text reads, clockwise from the top: we reign over you; we fool you; we
eat for you; we shoot you; we rule you.

Much as we may dislike the state when it regulates us, taxes us,
conscripts us into its service, and impinges on our lives in many
other ways, we could not live well without it. The real choice is not
whether to have political authority or not, but what kind of
authority to have, and what its limits should be. These are the
subjects of the following chapters. But we have not yet quite
ﬁnished with authority itself. There is still one crucial question that
needs to be answered: why should I obey it, when it tells me to do
things that I dislike or disapprove of? Political philosophers call this
‘the problem of political obligation’.

One reason, of course, is that I am likely to be punished if I don’t.
But we are looking here for a more principled reason for obeying.
Some political philosophers conclude that the problem is insoluble.
I should obey the law, they say, only when there are independent
reasons to do so, reasons that have nothing to do with the fact that
the law emanates from a legitimate authority. But others have tried
to provide positive solutions – too many, in fact, for all of them to be
considered here. I shall look at just two, the ﬁrst because it has
historically been the most popular, the second because I believe it to
be broadly correct.
31

Political authority

You might think the question has already been answered, by
showing why we need to have political authority. But in fact there is
still a gap between recognizing that the British government, say, has
a right to make laws and impose taxes, and thinking that I
personally am obliged to keep those laws and pay my tax bills. It is
not as though my refusal is going to bring the government down,
or seriously impede its ability to maintain social order. All states
manage to survive a good deal of law-breaking and tax evasion.
If I think solely about the consequences of my action, I may well
conclude that more good will come from breaking the law – say
preventing my local authority from demolishing a historic building
by chaining myself to the gates to prevent the bulldozers getting
through – or from using the money I would otherwise have paid in
tax to support Oxfam. So why should I obey the law?

Political Philosophy

The ﬁrst solution claims that we are obliged to obey the law because
we have agreed or consented to do so. The appeal of this idea is easy
to see. Suppose I go along to my local soccer club and ask to join.
When Saturday comes I turn up for the match, but instead of
playing by the rules, I insist on picking up the ball and running with
it. The club members would no doubt be highly indignant. By
joining the club, they would say, I am agreeing to play football by
the normal rules, whether or not I have signed an explicit
agreement to that effect. My argument that the game is more fun if
people are allowed to run with the ball would rightly be ridiculed.
This is a football club, they would say: anyone who joins implicitly
accepts the prevailing rules.
The difﬁculties begin, however, when we try to transfer this
argument from the football club to the state. For generally speaking
people do not choose to join states: they are required to obey them
whether they like it or not. So in what sense do they give their
consent? Hobbes argued that we choose to belong to the state
because it is preferable to the state of nature where life, as we saw, is
‘nasty, brutish, and short’ and it does not matter how the state arises.
Even if we submit to a conqueror at the point of a sword, we still
consent to his authority, because we do so to escape a worse fate.
But this stretches the idea of consent beyond recognition. What
made the football club example compelling was the fact that I freely
chose to join.
Later writers rejected Hobbes’s argument about obligation and
consent, and tried to ﬁnd something other than the mere fact of
subjection to the state which could be used to indicate our
consent to the law. John Locke, for example, pointed out in his
Second Treatise of Government (1689) that we all accept beneﬁts
from the state, and our acceptance can be treated as a form of
consent. In particular, since one of the chief functions of the state
is to protect our property, when we acquire it by purchase or
inheritance, say, we are also tacitly consenting to the state’s
jurisdiction over that property, and therefore to its laws. This
32

even applied, Locke thought, to someone who merely took
lodgings for a week or travelled on the highway. However the
problem again is that we really have little choice about accepting
these beneﬁts: we cannot live without property of some kind,
even if it is only food and clothing; we cannot escape from the
state without travelling the highway to the border. So it still
seems to be stretching the idea of consent too far to say that
anyone who enjoys state beneﬁts is giving her consent, and
obliging herself to obey the law.

If we set the consent approach aside, a more promising way of
showing that such an obligation exists involves an appeal to fairness
or ‘fair play’. Again an example is the best way to convey the basic
idea. Suppose a group of us are living in a house with a shared
kitchen. Every week or so one of the residents tidies the kitchen and
gives the pans and the surfaces a really thorough clean. Now
everyone else has done the cleaning routine and it is my turn to
spend half an hour scrubbing saucepans and mopping worktops.
Why ought I to do this? I have beneﬁted from the work the others
33

Political authority

More recently, some political philosophers have claimed that when
we take part in elections, we agree to comply with the government
that emerges and the laws it enacts. This looks more promising: we
do at least have a free choice as to whether to vote or not, and there
would be no point in holding elections unless people recognized the
government that emerged as legitimate. But unfortunately there
still seems to be a gap between voting and registering your consent.
What if you deeply disagree with both parties, but vote because you
think that one is slightly less bad than the other? Or what if you
think that although you have in a sense consented to the overall
package of policies that the winning party has announced in its
manifesto, there are a few items that you ﬁnd quite repugnant – and
you had no chance to vote on these individually? Perhaps the voters’
consent can help explain why governments have legitimate
authority, but not why individual citizens have an obligation to obey
the law.

Political Philosophy

have put in – I have enjoyed having a clean kitchen to cook my
supper in – and so I ought to carry my share of the cost too, in this
case the cost of a bit of manual labour. If I don’t take my turn, I’ll be
taking advantage of the other residents, and that’s unfair. Notice
that we don’t need to assume here that I have agreed or consented
to take part in the cleaning rota: my obligation stems directly from
the fact that I am the beneﬁciary of a practice that requires each
person to contribute in turn.
How does this idea transfer to political obligation? Keeping the law,
and complying with political authority more generally, means
forgoing opportunities that would otherwise be available to you.
Each of us would prefer to do exactly what he pleases, free from the
burdens of respecting other people’s rights, paying taxes, and
observing the trafﬁc laws. Furthermore compliance is a beneﬁt to
others. When you pay your taxes, the rest of us beneﬁt from the
roads, schools, and hospitals that the taxes are used to pay for.
When you stop at the red light, you make it safer for other motorists
to cross on green. So it looks as though the person who breaks the
law but beneﬁts from the fact that other people are observing it is
behaving unfairly in just the same way as the person who uses the
kitchen but won’t take his turn at cleaning it.
Looks can be deceptive, however. There are at least two difﬁculties
that have to be overcome if the fair play argument is going to justify
political obligation. The ﬁrst is that we have to show that the
beneﬁts the state provides really are beneﬁts for everyone. What if
the laws protect property, but only some people are property
owners, for example? Or what if taxes are being used to fund art
galleries and many people care nothing for art? The argument can
work, however, so long as the whole package of beneﬁts provided by
the state makes everyone better off, and so long as the beneﬁts are
shared reasonably fairly among all the citizens whose compliance
makes the system of authority possible. Perhaps I never visit art
galleries, but I do use the football pitch provided free of charge in
my local park.
34

It seems, then, that my preferred solution to the problem of political
obligation requires us to tackle the issue of social justice, which we
will do in Chapter 5. But suppose for the moment that we are able to
show that our society is sufﬁciently fair that its members do have an
obligation to keep the law. Does this mean that they are never
justiﬁed in breaking it? Or could political obligation be outweighed
by other principles? Political philosophers, including Hobbes, have
often argued that, without strict obedience to political authority,
that authority will crumble into dust. But in practice it seems that
states and other forms of political authority can survive and
function effectively so long as people are generally (rather than
universally) disposed to comply with them, and this opens the door
to limited forms of disobedience, especially what has come to be
called civil disobedience – illegal but non-violent forms of political
35

Political authority

Mention of fairness brings us to the second difﬁculty. In the kitchen
example, I was taking it for granted that each person sharing the
house made roughly equal use of the kitchen, and therefore would
share the burden of cleaning equally. But what if one person only
cooks there once a fortnight? Should she have to clean as often as
the rest? Should we say that she does, because after all she could use
the kitchen more often if she chose, and it is always available in case
she needs it? Or should we try to adjust the contribution she is
required to make in line with her actual usage? We might call these
questions of substantive fairness, and it seems as though the fair
play argument works best when it is applied to practices that are
substantively fair, in the sense that the costs and beneﬁts of the
practice are shared fairly among the individual participants. But if
we try to move from the simple kitchen example to society as a
whole, we run into difﬁculties. What would a fair distribution of
social costs and beneﬁts look like, given that people have very
different needs, abilities, preferences, and so forth? And if, as seems
likely, the way that costs and beneﬁts are actually distributed in
societies today falls very far short of this ideal, can we still say that
everyone has an obligation to obey the law in order to maintain a
fair practice?

Political Philosophy

protest whose purpose is to put pressure on government to change
its policies. The argument for civil disobedience is that if a
particular law is sufﬁciently unjust or oppressive, or if the state
refuses to listen to the concerns of a minority when making its
decisions, this can justify breaking the law if legal forms of protest
prove to be ineffective. Political obligation, in other words, need not
be binding on all occasions. We can have a general obligation to
obey the law, and still be justiﬁed in acting illegally in extreme
circumstances.
What difference does democracy make here? A common view is that
civil disobedience might be an acceptable way of protesting against
an authoritarian regime, but in a democratic state, with free speech
and the right to protest peacefully, it cannot be justiﬁed – political
obligation is more stringent here. But this implies that there is
something special about democratic political authority that
distinguishes it from other forms of political rule. What this special
feature might be is the subject of the next chapter.

36

Chapter 3
Democracy

We have seen why good government, at least in large-scale, modern
societies, requires that we establish and maintain a system of
political authority. Hobbes, whose lead we followed in showing why
political authority is necessary, thought that it was essential to
create an absolute sovereign – an undivided source of authority
whose writ would be subject to no earthly limitations (Hobbes
believed sovereigns still owed obligations to God). It was not
essential that this sovereign body be a single person – a monarch –
but Hobbes thought this was preferable, because a monarch’s will
would be constant, and not subject to internal divisions, unlike that
of an assembly. But Hobbes’s view on this point was challenged
from the moment that he wrote by those who thought that to
replace the insecurity of the state of nature by an all-powerful
monarch able to dispose of his subjects’ lives and possessions
however he wished was simply going from bad to worse. As John
Locke memorably remarked, it assumes that
Men are so foolish that they take care to avoid what Mischiefs may
be done them by Pole-Cats, or Foxes, but are content, nay think it
Safety, to be devoured by Lions.

Hobbes’s only defence against this criticism was to say that a
prudent monarch would wish his subjects to be prosperous, because
it was on their prosperity that his own power ﬁnally depended. But,
37

Political Philosophy

looking at the historical record, we might conclude from this that
rather few monarchs have been prudent. Political authority is
justiﬁed because it provides the conditions under which people can
live secure and ﬂourishing lives, and we want to be as certain as we
can that this is what it does. Trusting everything to an absolute
monarch is simply too risky. As an alternative, we might suggest
placing authority in the hands of those we know to be wise and
virtuous, and to have the interests of the people at heart. This is the
argument for aristocracy, which literally means ‘the rule of the best’,
and it was the argument that convinced most political philosophers
up until at least the mid-19th century. The problem, however, was to
determine what exactly goodness in a ruler amounted to, and then
to ﬁnd some way of selecting those who displayed this quality. This
proved difﬁcult to do: in practice aristocracy meant the rule of the
well-born, the propertied, or the educated class, depending on time
and place. Even if one could show that people drawn from these
classes had political skills not possessed by the rest of the
population, there was still the problem that they had interests of
their own separate from those of the majority – and why believe that
they would not pursue these interests at the expense of the common
good?
So the case for constituting political authority democratically
gathered momentum, and it rested on two basic assumptions: ﬁrst,
that no person was naturally superior to another, so any relations of
authority between them stood in need of justiﬁcation – in other
words, each person should enjoy equal political rights unless it
could be shown that everyone gained from having inequality;
second, that the interests of the people were best safeguarded by
making them the ﬁnal repository of political authority – anyone
entrusted with special powers must be accountable to the people as
a whole. But this still left it open exactly what role the people as a
whole should play in government. Should they be directly involved
in legislating, as Rousseau argued in his Social Contract, and if so
how? Or should they only be involved at one remove, by choosing
representatives who would wield authority on their behalf?
38

5. The Goddess of Democracy facing a portrait of Mao in Tianamen
Square, Beijing.

Political Philosophy

In practice, as we know, those political systems we call democracies
give their citizens only a very limited role in government. They are
entitled to vote at periodic elections, they are occasionally consulted
through a referendum when some major constitutional question
has to be decided, and they are allowed to form groups to lobby
their representatives on issues that concern them, but that is the
extent of their authority. Real power to determine the future of
democratic societies rests in the hands of a remarkably small
number of people – government ministers, civil servants, and to
some extent members of parliament or other legislative assembly –
and it is natural to ask why this is so. If democracy is the best way
to make political decisions, why not make it a reality by letting the
people themselves decide major questions directly?
One answer that is often given at this point is that it is simply
impractical for millions of ordinary citizens to be involved in
making the huge number of decisions that governments have to
make today. If they were to try, not only would government be
paralysed, but they would leave themselves no time to do all those
other things that most people think are more important than
politics. But this answer is not adequate, because it is not difﬁcult to
envisage citizens making general policy decisions whose detailed
implementation would then be left to ministers and others. The
electronic revolution means that it would now be quite easy to ask
citizens for their views on a wide range of issues ranging from war
and peace through taxation and public expenditure to animal
welfare and environmental issues. So why is this done only on those
rare occasions when a referendum is called?
The reason is that there is a widespread belief that ordinary people
are simply not competent to understand the issues that lie behind
political decisions, and so they are happy to hand these decisions
over to people they regard as better qualiﬁed to deal with them. An
uncompromising statement of this point of view can be found in
Joseph Schumpeter’s book Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy
(1943), where it is argued that the citizen’s job is to choose a team of
40

leaders to represent him or her, not to attempt to decide issues
directly. Schumpeter claims that whereas in economic transactions,
for instance, people experience the results of their decisions
directly – if they buy a defective product, they soon discover their
mistake – in the case of political decisions there is no such feedback
mechanism, and as a result people lose touch with reality and
behave irresponsibly.
Thus the typical citizen drops down to a lower level of mental
performance as soon as he enters the political ﬁeld. He argues and
analyses in a way which he would readily recognize as infantile
within the sphere of his real interests. He becomes a primitive again.

A political decision essentially requires a political judgement about
what ought to be done in circumstances where there are several
options open and there is disagreement about which option is best.
What are the elements that go into such a judgement? First of all
there is factual information about what will happen if one or other
option is chosen. What effect will a particular tax increase have on
the economy, for instance? Second, there is information about what
the people who will be affected by the decision actually prefer.
Suppose the tax increase is being considered in order to fund new
sports facilities, say, how many people actually want these facilities,
and how much do they want them? Third, there are questions of
moral principle. Is it fair that everyone should be taxed to pay for
41

Democracy

This is strong stuff, and what it really entails is that the best we can
hope for is what is sometimes called ‘elective aristocracy’, where all
that can be asked of the ordinary citizen is that she should be able to
recognize people who are competent to make decisions on her
behalf (and to vote them out of ofﬁce if they prove not to be).
Whatever its other virtues, such a system hardly matches the
democratic ideal that political authority must rest in the hands of
the people as a whole. So what can we say in response to
Schumpeter’s scepticism? Let us look more closely at what is
involved in reaching political decisions.

Political Philosophy

sports facilities, or should the cost be borne by those who are going
to use them?
In most cases, making a political judgement will involve all of
these three elements, although the mix will vary from case to case.
Some issues are primarily technical, so that once we can agree
about the factual questions at stake, the decision will be fairly
straightforward. Before we license a new drug, for instance, we will
want to know that it has been properly tested and shown to be safe,
but once that has been done, it is a routine matter to give the green
light. In other cases, questions of moral principle are central. Take
the debate about whether the death penalty should be adopted or
retained for certain crimes. Factual information is relevant here –
how effective a deterrent will the death penalty prove to be for
crimes of these kinds, how likely is it that innocent people will be
convicted? – but the key issue, for most people, is whether we are
morally permitted to take the life of another human being by way of
punishment.
The hardest judgements to make are on questions that involve all
three elements at once. Consider the current debate in Britain
about whether fox-hunting should be permitted or banned. Factual
questions are relevant here: how much does fox-hunting contribute
to control of the fox population? What would be the effect of an
outright ban on the rural economy? So also are questions of
preference: how much does it matter to those who now hunt foxes
that they should continue to do this rather than, say, chasing
hounds along aniseed trails? And do other country-dwellers want
hunting to continue, or are they fed up with horses and hounds
trampling their ﬁelds and damaging their fences? And ﬁnally there
are the moral issues: does personal liberty include the right to hunt
foxes? Or do foxes and other animals have rights that include the
right not to be killed? Most people, in reaching a decision, would
want to take all of these questions into account, and that is why it is
hard to form a rational judgement on the issue. In practice, of
course, people do have strong opinions on issues such as this, but
42

perhaps this just shows that Schumpeter’s disparaging remarks
about the ordinary citizen’s level of competence on political
questions are fully justiﬁed.

The next element is to discover what people’s preferences are, and
how strong they are, and here, you may well think, democracy has a
decisive advantage. For when decisions are taken democratically
everyone has a chance to contribute, and so the views and
preferences of people from different social classes, different ethnic
and religious backgrounds, and so forth, will all be heard, whereas
the political class who govern us today are predominantly white,
male, and middle class. Of course members of parliament, and
other legislators, are supposed to listen to their constituents’ views,
but in reality they enjoy a very high degree of independence – in so
far as they are under pressure to vote in one way rather than
another, it comes from their party, not from the people who elected
43

Democracy

But now let us ask whether the people who are chosen to represent
them can be expected to do any better, taking each element of
political judgement in turn. One of the great difﬁculties that beset
political decision-making in contemporary societies is that many
judgements require factual information that only those who are
really expert on the subject in question can provide. This is
obviously true when scientiﬁc matters are at stake, but the same
applies in the case of many economic and social issues, where the
problem is to determine what are the likely effects of a proposed
new law or policy. Would legalizing cannabis increase or decrease
the number of those who end up taking heroin and other hard
drugs, for instance? The answer to such questions is far from
obvious, and elected politicians and civil servants in general have no
more expertise in answering them than the rest of us. Like us, they
have to rely on the opinions of those who do have some expertise,
and where those opinions differ, they have to make a judgement
about who is more reliable. So far, there is no reason to think that an
elective aristocracy will make better judgements than the general
public.

Political Philosophy

6. One way to invigorate democracy: politicians beware!

them. So if we want political decisions to respect the preferences of
those who are going to be subject to them, shouldn’t we listen to the
people as a whole rather than to a small, socially unrepresentative
minority?
But before jumping to that conclusion, there is a complication we
need to consider. Suppose that we have an issue where the majority
favours one policy, but the minority, which favours a different
policy, cares much more strongly about it than the majority. Cases of
this kind occur quite often. The fox-hunting debate may be a good
example. Most people hold fairly negative views about fox-hunting,
even if they do not hold strong moral views about the rights of
animals. They see it as an archaic, snobbish, and generally
distasteful spectacle; given the chance, they would vote to ban it.
The fox-hunters themselves are a small minority, but they mostly
feel very strongly that they should be allowed to continue hunting.
It is an important social event in many rural communities, and
people’s livelihoods depend on it. A political judgement about
fox-hunting ought to consider not only the number of preferences
44

on either side, but also the strength of those preferences. It does not
seem right that a lukewarm majority should in all cases override a
passionate minority.

There is certainly some truth in the pluralist picture, but political
scientists have tended to be sceptical. For group pressure depends
not only the number of people who care about an issue, and how
much they care, but also how well organized and resourced the
group is. And that gives a built-in advantage to certain interests,
most notably business interests, who can hire persuasive advocates
to lobby on their behalf – possibly even enlist elected representatives
directly – and also plausibly threaten dire consequences if their
demands are not met. Under a representative system, then,
minorities are indeed listened to, but by no means all minorities
to the same extent.
Compare now what might happen if the whole public had to vote on
some issue where the majority and the minority had different
preferences. There would be no central point at which lobbying
activities could be directed, so any group would have to rely on
direct contact between its members and as many of the public as
45

Democracy

Why might elected representatives be likely to make a better
judgement than the general public on issues like this? One reason is
that they are more likely to be lobbied by members of the minority
who feel strongly about the issue. They may be persuaded when
they see the strength of feeling on that side of the argument, or they
may just be concerned not to lose votes at the next election.
Moreover minorities can join forces, agreeing to support one
another’s demands, so that taking several issues together a majority
coalition can emerge. This picture of representative democracy is
sometimes called pluralism, and it rests on the assumption that
people will be moved to form groups to defend their strongly felt
interests and preferences, and that decision-makers will respond to
the activities of such groups, which besides lobbying might involve
demonstrating or even perhaps engaging in illegal forms of protest.

Political Philosophy

they were able to reach. Groups with plenty of resources might be
able to use these to run media campaigns – though this could be
limited in the same way as election expenditures are limited in
many democracies today. They would have much less inﬂuence in
this direct version of democracy than they do under a representative
system. So in general we can say that minority groups would have to
rely more on persuasion and less on power and inﬂuence under a
system of this kind. How they fared would depend primarily on
whether members of the majority were willing to listen to their
concerns and respond by changing their own views, perhaps by
ﬁnding a compromise. I shall say more shortly about the crucial role
that discussion has to play in democratic decision-making. But
before that we need to consider the third element in political
judgement, the moral element.
Moral principles are involved in almost all political decisions, not
only those involving so-called ‘moral issues’ such as abortion or the
legalization of homosexuality. Typically the question is whether a
proposed piece of legislation treats all individuals or all groups
fairly, or whether it infringes any of their rights. Do members of the
political class have any deeper knowledge of the relevant principles
than ordinary citizens? It is difﬁcult to argue that they do: there are
no moral experts, it is often said. In fact, there is likely to be a large
measure of agreement on the basic principles that should govern
political life in a democratic society. So there is no reason to think
that if citizens were asked to decide issues directly, they would make
a worse job of it on moral grounds than the people they currently
choose to represent them.
But can we really separate these three elements of political
judgement, or is political expertise precisely a matter of being able
to combine relevant factual information, knowledge of citizens’
interests and preferences, and moral principle, to ﬁnd the best
solution to a political dilemma? There is certainly something in this
challenge. Political decisions are often hard to make: they may
require mastering some complex information, or weighing up two
46

ﬁnely balanced moral arguments. People who have to make them
frequently get better at doing so. But this is not because they have
some special inborn capacity denied to the rest of us. There is no
reason to think that ordinary members of the public, given the time
and the information that they need to think carefully about a
problem, would not perform as well. There is some evidence to bear
this out: citizens’ juries are small committees whose members are
randomly selected from the general public, formed in order to
discuss and make recommendations on issues such as health policy
and transport strategy. They call expert witnesses to provide
information, listen to advocates representing different points of
view, and debate the issues among themselves before coming to a
verdict. Observers have been struck by how serious and thoughtful
their discussions are, and how reasonable their conclusions.

Should we worry about the fact that our democracy remains
incomplete so long as the political role of ordinary citizens is largely
conﬁned to voting at elections, plus intermittent activity when some
particular interest of theirs is at stake (such as responding to a
planning proposal to put a new road or housing development in
47

Democracy

So how are we to explain the low levels of political knowledge and
political interest that most citizens in democratic societies show
when interviewed or surveyed? Typically they cannot name leading
politicians, cannot explain how the main parties differ on policy
issues, and so on. One explanation is that democracy as currently
practised gives people very little incentive to acquire political
knowledge or skill. All they are asked to do is to make a party choice
once every four or ﬁve years, and you do not need to know much
about politics in order to make a decision of that kind.
Understanding the ﬁner details of policy is usually irrelevant. So we
face a chicken and egg problem. It would be risky to ask the general
public to make major policy decisions unless they have the skills
and information to make good judgements, but they have no
incentive to acquire these unless they are given signiﬁcant decisions
to make.

their back yard)? I think we should. Our word ‘idiot’ comes from the
Greek idiotes which was the term used to describe someone who
lived an entirely private existence and took no part in the public life
of the city. Most of us today are idiots, then, inasmuch as we fail to
exercise our political intelligence. Rousseau thought that handing
over political authority entirely to elected representatives was a
pernicious modern practice:
The people of England deceive themselves when they fancy they are
free; they are so, in fact, only during the election of members of
parliament: for, as soon as a new one is elected, they are again in
chains, and are nothing. And thus, by the use they make of their

Political Philosophy

brief moments of liberty, they deserve to lose it.

Even if we think Rousseau exaggerates here, we ought to be
concerned that most citizens in contemporary democracies are too
apathetic even to keep an effective watch over the activities of their
elected leaders. We need to develop forms of participation, either at
local level, or through selecting members of the public at random to
sit on citizens’ juries and other such bodies, that give everyone the
experience of active citizenship. Experience that is gained in this
way raises people’s competence generally and makes them more
likely to take a continuing interest in political affairs. Democracy,
we discover, is not an all-or-nothing matter, but a continuing
struggle to give the people as a whole ﬁnal authority over the affairs
of the state.
But now we must return to the unresolved issue of the majority and
the minority. For although in a shorthand way we think of
democracy as ‘government by the people’, in reality when decisions
have to be made it is usually the majority which decides them (indeed
elections are often won by parties who are supported by less than a
majority of voters). Since it is very unlikely that there will be
unanimous agreement on the best policy to be adopted, majority
voting seems unavoidable as a way of making decisions, but what
are we to say about those who end up on the losing side?
48

7. Jean-Jacques Rousseau, philosopher of democracy.

Political Philosophy

It might at ﬁrst seem as though they have no legitimate complaint
to make: after all their votes were counted equally with those of the
majority, and to give them any greater weight would violate the idea
of political equality that as we saw lies behind democracy itself. But
that is not the end of the matter. There are two circumstances in
particular in which a minority may feel that majority rule violates
political equality. One we have already encountered: the case where
those who vote with the majority are affected much less by the
decision, or have fewer interests at stake, than those who form the
minority. Although heads have been counted equally, it appears as
though preferences or interests have not. The second circumstance
is one where one group ﬁnds itself in a minority repeatedly when
votes are taken. Imagine a rackets club which has a larger number
of keen tennis players and a smaller number of equally keen squash
players, and imagine that every time a vote is taken on whether to
spend money upgrading the tennis or the squash courts, the squash
players lose. We might think that this arrangement does not treat
each member equally, and is therefore less democratic than one
where the squash players get their way from time to time. In other
words, we have the problem of the intense minority and the
problem of the persistent minority.
How might these problems be addressed in a democracy? There are
broadly two approaches that we can take. The ﬁrst is to design a
constitution that limits the scope of majority rule in such a way as to
protect minorities. For instance, the constitution may contain a list
of rights that every citizen must enjoy: a proposed law or policy
decision that would infringe one of these rights will be thrown out
as unconstitutional – there has therefore to be a special authority,
usually a constitutional court, that is given the power to decide
whether a measure that is being considered, or has been
provisionally adopted, is in breach of the constitution. Any minority
then has the assurance that whatever the majority decides cannot
violate one of their basic rights as laid down in the constitution.
Arrangements such as this are often criticized as undemocratic,
50

Another constitutional device to protect minorities is to create
separate constituencies to decide different sets of issues. This
happens, for example, in federal systems, where regions or
provinces are given the power to legislate on issues that are
particularly relevant to their inhabitants, with other decisions being
reserved for the central government. But the separate
constituencies need not be territorially based. Let us go back again
to the example of the rackets club whose squash players get a raw
deal. An obvious solution to the problem is to create two
subcommittees, one to look after the tennis courts and the other the
squash facilities, and to give part of the club’s annual budget to
each. Minorities are protected here by being turned into majorities
on the issues that matter most to them.
It would be naı̈ve, however, to think that all minority problems can
be solved by one or other of these constitutional devices. The issue
of fox-hunting reveals this only too clearly. Those who want to hunt
foxes cannot defend themselves simply by appealing to their
51

Democracy

because they give a small committee of judges, for instance, the
right to block the expressed will of the majority of citizens. But it is
not difﬁcult to envisage the constitution itself being adopted by a
democratic procedure, and most real-world constitutions make
provision for amendment, usually requiring more than just a simple
majority of voters to support an amendment if it is to pass. Why
would people vote for a constitution that restricted their power to
make majority decisions in future? They might well do so because
they wanted certain of their rights protected, and could not be sure
that they might not ﬁnd themselves as part of an unpopular
minority. Take religious freedom as an example. Anyone with
religious beliefs wants to be sure that she can practise her religion
safely, even if the majority in her society is strongly opposed to the
particular religion she believes in. It is not easy to predict which
religions might incur the wrath of the majority in future, so by
having a right to freedom of worship included in the constitution,
she can get that security.

Political Philosophy

constitutional rights, because it is very unlikely that any
constitution will incorporate an unlimited right to hunt animals. In
the next chapter I shall be looking in more detail at how we might
try to establish a realm of personal freedom that governments have
no right to infringe, but it is fairly easy to see that hunting rights are
not going to be included in that story. The hunting of animals is
surely a legitimate matter for majority decision, because both
animal welfare and the protection of endangered species are issues
that potentially concern everyone. Nor can the strongly held views
of the fox-hunters be addressed by saying that fox-hunting is an
issue over which they and they alone should have the power to
decide. There are obviously far too many conﬂicting interests at
stake for the decentralized solution that worked in the rackets club
case to work fairly here.
So although constitutional devices are an important way of
ensuring that minorities do not suffer at the hands of the majority, a
democratic system that aims to treat every citizen equally has to go
further. It has to try to ensure that the majority takes the concerns
of the minority properly into account before reaching a ﬁnal
decision, even in cases where basic rights are not at issue. The key to
this is public discussion, where both sides listen to the other’s point
of view, and try to ﬁnd a solution that as far as possible is acceptable
to both. In other words, the people who form the majority do not
simply vote for the solution that they most preferred prior to the
debate. Instead they try to form a judgement after listening to the
arguments made on the other side. Sometimes they can ﬁnd a
general principle that both sides can agree to and that provides a
way forward.
But why should the majority behave like this? Usually the eventual
solution involves the people on that side of the debate giving up part
of what they had originally wanted – for instance, people who
started off wishing to ban fox-hunting entirely might accept, after
hearing the arguments, that hunting should be allowed to continue
provided it is properly regulated. But if you have numbers on your
52

side, why retreat in that way? There are two reasons. One is simply
respect for your fellow-citizens. You may disagree with them deeply
on the particular issue that is on the table, but their voices are
supposed to count equally, in a democracy, and so you must listen to
them before you decide – and if possible ﬁnd a solution that takes
account of what they say (there are some issues over which no
accommodation is possible, but these are actually quite rare: even
in a case like abortion, for instance, there are other possibilities
besides an outright ban and making abortions freely available on
demand). The other reason is that next time round you may ﬁnd
yourself in a minority, and then you will want those on the other
side to take your concerns into account. In other words you have an
interest in promoting a democratic culture in which majorities do
not simply ride roughshod over minorities, but try to consider their
interests fairly when reaching decisions.

This discussion of democracy has also raised three further issues
that will occupy us in the chapters that follow. One is whether there
is a sphere of personal freedom that should be protected against the
intrusion even of democratic government. Another is whether some
minority groups should be given special rights, over and above the
constitutional rights that all citizens should enjoy, to ensure that
they are treated fairly. And the third is about the conditions under
which democracy is possible at all – speciﬁcally about when people
53

Democracy

Democracy, it turns out, is a demanding business. It requires people
to take an interest in political issues that are often complex and
seemingly remote from their daily lives, and it requires them to
exercise self-restraint when deciding these issues – in particular by
not trampling on minority groups even when they have the power to
do so. It can be hard to resist the siren voices that tell us that we are
better off leaving political decisions to those we have chosen to
represent us. But unless we resist – unless we hold fast to the idea
that political authority must ﬁnally rest with the whole body of
citizens – we will end up, as Locke warned, being devoured by the
lions who rule us.

Political Philosophy

will trust one another sufﬁciently for them to respect a democratic
constitution, and be willing to discuss and decide issues in an
atmosphere of mutual respect. In the next chapter I deal with the
ﬁrst of these questions.

54

Chapter 4
Freedom and the limits
of government

If we imagine our Siennese painter, Ambrogio Lorenzetti,
transported in a time machine to the present day, and asked for his
opinion of the political philosophy contained in this book, I believe
he would ﬁnd much that has been said up to now familiar and
broadly acceptable. He would probably think I had given anarchist
ideas more space than they deserve, and he would ﬁnd it
extraordinary that anyone should have moral objections to hunting
foxes. But on the nature of political authority, on the need for rulers
to be responsible to the whole body of citizens, and on what good
political judgement requires, we would (I hope) ﬁnd ourselves in
broad agreement. Yet Lorenzetti would ﬁnd the chapter that now
begins much more puzzling. It is about the question whether there is
a realm of human freedom that must be kept beyond the reach of
politics – whether there are areas of human life in which government
must categorically not intervene. This idea, which is a central
element in the dominant political ideology of our age, liberalism, had
not appeared when Lorenzetti was painting. Of course Lorenzetti’s
good government left its people a considerable amount of liberty:
they were largely left free to farm, to trade, to hunt, and so on. But
this was not a matter of principle, more a matter of the limited
capacity of governments to intervene in these areas of daily life.
The idea of limited government took shape over several centuries,
and the ﬁrst impetus came from the religious conﬂicts that followed
55

Political Philosophy

the European Reformation of the 16th century. When the monopoly
of the Roman Catholic Church over the religious life of Christian
societies was broken, the initial response was that each political
community should have its own established religion, Catholic or
Protestant. But the multiplication of Protestant sects gave rise to a
demand for religious toleration: within certain limits, each person
was entitled to ﬁnd his own path to God, and the state had no
business interfering with this quest. With the further passage of
time, the claim for religious freedom expanded to become a wider
claim for personal freedom – for each person’s right to choose his
own beliefs and his own way of life so long as these choices did not
impinge directly on anyone else. In particular the Romantic
movement of the late 18th and early 19th centuries bequeathed to
all later generations the idea that each person is a unique individual
who can ﬁnd true fulﬁlment only if she is allowed to choose for
herself how she should live, and this requires the greatest possible
space to try out new and unconventional ways of living – new
occupations, new forms of artistic expression, new ways of
conducting personal relationships, and so forth. As John Stuart Mill
put it in his classic text On Liberty (whose practical proposals we
shall come to later):
There is no reason that all human existence should be constructed
on some one or some small number of patterns. If a person
possesses any tolerable amount of common sense and experience,
his own mode of laying out his existence is the best, not because it is
the best in itself, but because it is his own mode. Human beings are
not like sheep; and even sheep are not indistinguishably alike.

Because individual freedom is of such great value, liberals argued,
governments must be prohibited from interfering with it, no matter
how well they are constituted. Good government is not enough:
even the best-constructed and best-intentioned government will be
tempted to intrude in areas in which individual liberty ought to be
sacrosanct. This is the idea that Lorenzetti would have found so
strange, and that I shall explore in the present chapter.
56

There are two central questions that we need to ask. First, what
exactly is the freedom we are talking about? What does it mean to
say that someone is free to do this or that, or live in one way or
another? Second, what are the limits of individual freedom? What
should happen when my freedom comes into conﬂict with other
political goals, including the freedom of everyone else? Is there a
principled way to decide this?

So we can say that freedom has an external and an internal aspect:
it depends on whether the world is arranged in such a way that
57

Freedom and the limits of government

Let us begin then with freedom itself, an elusive idea that has ﬁlled
the pages of many books of political philosophy. As a ﬁrst shot, let us
say that a person’s freedom depends on the number of options open
to her, and on her capacity to make a choice between them.
Someone who has a choice between ten different jobs has greater
freedom than someone who only has two to choose between. Of
course the quality of the options matters too: you may think that
having two good jobs to choose between gives you more freedom
than having ten lousy ones, particularly if the lousy ones are all
rather similar (street cleaner, ofﬁce cleaner, toilet cleaner, etc.). So
rather than ‘number of options’ we should perhaps say ‘extent of
options’ where this takes into account both how different the
options are, and how valuable they are. As to the second clause,
‘capacity to choose’, we need this because someone might be
presented with options but for one reason or another not be able to
exercise a genuine choice between them. For instance suppose
someone offers you the choice of going to see one or other of two
plays this evening, but only tells you their titles, neither of which
means anything to you at all. You can pick a play at random, but you
cannot choose in the sense of deciding which play you would most
like to see. Or again suppose that someone is completely under her
mother’s thumb and always does what mother suggests. She is
offered various jobs, but invariably takes the one that her mother
recommends. From one point of view she has the freedom to choose
her employment, but from another point of view she hasn’t.

Political Philosophy

someone has many doors open to him, but it also depends on
whether he is able to choose, genuinely, which door to pass through.
But now we need to dig a bit deeper to see what it means for a door
to be open, and what it means to make a genuine choice.
When can we say that an option is available for someone to choose?
Let us turn this around and ask when an option is not available. The
most clear-cut case is one where it has been made physically
impossible for the person in question to pursue that option.
Someone who has been tied up or thrown in gaol has very little
freedom because he is physically prevented from doing nearly all of
the things that he might otherwise do. Some political philosophers,
including our old friend Hobbes, have argued that it is only physical
impediments that restrict people’s freedom. But to most people this
seems a very narrow view. We generally think that options become
unavailable when sanctions of various kinds are attached to them.
Laws, in particular, restrict the freedom of those who are subject to
them, because a penalty is applied to law-breakers. There is nothing
to prevent me physically from driving above the speed limit or
smashing the windows in my neighbour’s house, but if I do these
things I am liable to be caught and punished, so I am not free to do
them. The same applies to threats issued by private individuals. If
someone threatens to beat me up if he catches me talking to his
girlfriend again, then (assuming the threat is meant seriously), that
option is no longer open to me.
Physical prevention and sanctions are generally accepted as barriers
that reduce freedom. Much more controversy arises in cases where
people may be deterred from pursuing options because of the cost
of doing so, where the cost does not take the form of a punishment
or some other sanction. As the question is sometimes put, is a
penniless person free to dine at an expensive restaurant – the Ritz,
for instance? Do we say ‘No’ because in reality there is no way that
person can eat at the Ritz (at least without suffering some fairly dire
consequences when it is discovered that he has no money)? Or do
we say ‘Yes’ because the only thing preventing him is his lack of
58

resources, not any intention on the part of the Ritz’s owners or
anyone else to stop him from eating there? This is more than just a
philosophical question, because how we answer it affects the way we
think about the relationship between government and freedom.
Among the policies pursued by governments are those that transfer
resources from one set of hands to another – typically from better
off to worse off people. We would like to know whether this
increases the freedom of the recipients, or decreases the freedom of
the contributors, or neither, or both.

59

Freedom and the limits of government

So let’s consider some examples in which people cannot do things
that they would otherwise choose to do because of the cost. Should
we say that once the cost reaches a certain point people are no
longer free? This is too simple: compare someone on a modest
income who cannot buy a holiday that costs £10,000 with someone
on the same income who needs an operation to relieve a painful
(though not disabling) condition that is only available privately for
£10,000. Why do we say that the second person is not free to have
the operation he needs, whereas in the ﬁrst case we typically use
different language – he is free to have the holiday, but he simply
cannot afford it, we might say? Why does the language of freedom
come naturally in the second case but not the ﬁrst? Expensive
holidays are luxury items whose distribution can reasonably be left
to the economic market, where people make choices over how much
they earn and how they spend their income. Whether or not the
person we are considering could actually have raised £10,000 by
working longer hours, changing jobs, or cutting back on other
expenditure – that may be in dispute – we know for certain that
nobody was under any obligation to provide him with the holiday.
In contrast, the state has an obligation to ensure that everyone has
access to adequate health care, whether through a public health
service or by regulating the health insurance market so that
everyone can buy suitable cover. So if someone is left facing a
£10,000 bill for an operation that she needs, responsibility for this
lies with the state, which has failed in its obligation. Whether the
cost of taking an option is a restriction of freedom depends not just

8. A controversial view of liberty, 1950.

on how big the cost is, but on how the cost arose and whether
anyone else can be held responsible for its existence.

Government can do less directly about the internal aspect of
freedom, a person’s capacity to make genuine choices among the
options open to her. This is sometimes called ‘positive liberty’ as
distinct from the ‘negative liberty’ of having options that are not
blocked by external factors. These two kinds of liberty have been
contrasted with each other, as they were by the political philosopher
Isaiah Berlin in a famous lecture called ‘Two Concepts of Liberty’.
Berlin wanted to highlight the dangers in ‘positive liberty’ which he
believed could be used in such a way as to justify authoritarian or
totalitarian regimes, like Stalin’s Soviet Union, which gave their
subjects very little ‘negative liberty’. But I believe it is more fruitful
to see them as complementary, and I gave examples earlier to
suggest why we should be concerned about genuine choice as well
as about the availability of options. But how are we to know when a
choice is genuine? This is more difﬁcult to decide.
61

Freedom and the limits of government

The commonly held view that the more governments do, the less
freedom people have, is therefore mistaken. Governments do
sometimes restrict freedom, sometimes justiﬁably, sometimes not
(seat-belt legislation, for example, restricts the freedom of carusers, but most people would agree that it is justiﬁed by the lives it
saves). But at other times government action can increase freedom,
by giving people options that they would not have otherwise
because of the cost. We need to look at particular policies, to see
whether in opening options up they are closing down other ones
that are more important. Unfortunately much political rhetoric
about ‘the free society’ never gets down to this level of detail.
Political philosophers, who ask exactly what we mean when we say
that a person is or is not free to pursue a particular option, can help
us make better-informed and more nuanced judgements about the
relationship between government and personal freedom. This is a
good illustration of my argument in Chapter 1 about the value of
thinking philosophically about the political issues of the day.

Political Philosophy

It may help once again to approach this question from the opposite
angle, by asking when choices are obviously not genuine. A fairly
clear-cut example is provided by people who are in the grip of a
compulsion or an addiction – for instance kleptomaniacs who
simply cannot help shoplifting when the opportunity arises, or drug
addicts who will go to any lengths to get the next ﬁx. People in this
position act on their strongest desire at the moment of decision, but
when they stand back and reﬂect, they know that these are not the
desires they want to have. If they could push a button to get rid of
the compulsion or addiction, they would. Their decision to grab the
shirt or inject the heroin is not a genuine choice because it is
motivated by an urge that the individual involved would rather not
have.
A different example occurs when a person’s choices are determined
by an outside force, like the girl who always does what her mother
tells her. Although the person concerned appears content with her
decisions – there is no inner struggle as there often is in the case of
the compulsive or the addict – we feel that the decisions are not
really hers. Genuine choice requires a certain kind of independence;
a free person must ask herself ‘what do I really want or really
believe’ and be able to reject second-hand answers. People lose their
freedom, in this sense, when the social pressure on them to conform
to prevailing conventions or prevailing beliefs becomes so intense
that they are unable to resist. Religion and political ideology can
both have this effect.
How can we promote this inner freedom, the capacity to make
genuine choices? One way is to expose people to a wide range of
alternatives, so that they are less likely to take it for granted that any
one set of beliefs, or any one way of life, must be the right one
(conversely religious sects and political regimes that want to control
their members’ choices go to great lengths to ensure that they do
not get to see or experience anything that deviates from their
approved way of living). So a government that wanted to promote
freedom to choose could do so by encouraging social diversity – by
62

exposing people to new ways of living, new forms of culture, and so
on. One practical manifestation of such a policy would be an
education system that encouraged children to think critically about
the beliefs and values they have inherited from their parents or
imbibed from their social network, and at the same time exposed
them to other faiths and other cultural values by drawing children
from different communities together in common schools. But
unlike external freedom, internal freedom cannot be guaranteed.
Some people are independent-minded by nature; others are born
conformists. All that politics can do is to provide more favourable
conditions for those who want to choose their own path in life to
do so.

John Stuart Mill, whose essay On Liberty I have already cited,
believed that there was indeed such a sphere within which liberty
should be inviolable. He argued that when a person’s actions were
‘self-regarding’, meaning that they caused no harm to the interests
of anyone except possibly the person himself, they should never be
interfered with. Mill thought that this principle would justify
freedom of thought and expression, and the personal freedom to
63

Freedom and the limits of government

So far I have tried to explain what freedom is and why it is valued so
highly in contemporary societies. Now I want to begin to explore its
limits. That individual freedom must be limited in various ways
should be self-evident: the freedom of each person must be
restricted to allow everyone to enjoy (external) freedom to the same
extent, but beyond that there are many legitimate social goals
whose pursuit involves placing limits on what individuals may do.
To protect the natural environment, for instance, we have to prevent
people dumping litter, poisoning the air with exhaust gases, turning
wildlife habitats into housing estates, and so forth. We balance
freedom against other values, and sometimes freedom has to give
way. But how far should this balancing go? Is there a sphere of
personal freedom that we are never justiﬁed in infringing, no
matter how good the consequences of restricting freedom might
appear to be?

9. Isaiah Berlin, the most widely read philosopher of liberty in
the 20th century.

live in the way one wanted – how to dress, what to eat and drink,
what cultural activities to pursue, what sexual relationships to have,
what religion to follow, and so on. (These ideas are familiar to us
now, but when Mill wrote, in the mid-Victorian period, they were
regarded as radical, indeed even as shocking.) But is it possible to
draw the line that Mill wanted to draw? Are there really any actions
that are certain to cause no harm other than to the person who
performs them?

But we can ask whether offence and harm can be so easily
separated. Suppose that a woman works in an ofﬁce or factory
where most employees are male, and who insist on displaying large
posters of naked women that she ﬁnds offensive. As a result, she
dislikes being at work and may even decide to leave. In an obvious
sense, she is being harmed by the apparently self-regarding
behaviour of the male employees. Another example is provided
by so-called ‘hate speech’ – vicious remarks directed in public
at members of ethnic or religious minorities, which may drive
them away from schools, colleges, or workplaces, or at least
65

Freedom and the limits of government

Mill acknowledged that people might well be offended by behaviour
that he would classify as self-regarding – by outrageous dress,
unusual sexual practices, militant atheism, and so on. But he argued
that being offended by something is not the same as being harmed
by it. Harm is a matter of being attacked or threatened, having your
property destroyed, or your economic position worsened, and in
Mill’s eyes this was something that could be established objectively.
Offence, by contrast, depends on the personal beliefs and attitudes
of the person offended – you may be offended by homosexuality, or
rap music, but that is because according to your personal scale of
values these activities are wrong or unacceptable; my reaction may
be quite different. Mill thought it was perfectly in order for those
who found other people’s behaviour offensive to avoid the offenders,
or indeed to try to persuade them to change their ways, but what
they were not permitted to do was to prevent, by law or other
means, the behaviour in question.

Political Philosophy

make them feel very uncomfortable about being there. Again it
seems that behaviour that is immediately simply offensive may
indirectly cause harm, so we have a choice: either we can expand
our idea of harm to include these cases, in which case the sphere of
self-regarding actions will shrink, or we stick to the original idea
that only behaviour that is directly harmful can be interfered with,
and say that people should be left free to express themselves even
when other people ﬁnd the form of expression deeply
offensive.
Three things are particularly worth noting about the examples we
have just considered. First, it is not just a matter of personal
idiosyncrasy that the behaviour is found offensive. Whatever we
think ourselves about nude posters, we should be able to
understand why many women ﬁnd them offensive. It is very
different from, say, objecting to someone pinning a David Beckham
poster over their desk because you support a rival football team.
Second, the offence is not avoidable except by a large change in the
victim’s behaviour, for instance giving up the job or leaving the
college. This contrasts with the case where I am offended by the
posters on the walls of my neighbour’s living room – which I can
avoid by keeping out of his house – or by the opinions expressed in a
racist newspaper, which I need not buy. Third, the offensive
behaviour itself has little or no positive value to set against the
distress that it causes: it is not an essential part of anyone’s idea of
the good life that they must be able to gaze at naked women while
they work or that they should shout abuse at blacks or Muslims. (I
don’t deny that a few people may want, quite badly, to do these
things; the question is, what is lost if they are prevented?) Although
freedom of expression is important, not all expression should count
for the same. It is very important that people should be able to
worship freely, engage in political debate, express themselves
artistically, and so on; very unimportant that they should be able to
display posters at work or shout crude racist slogans.
So instead of Mill’s simple principle – that self-regarding behaviour
66

may never be interfered with – we may ﬁnd that we need to make
more complex judgements, weighing the value of different kinds of
behaviour against the costs they may impose on others, and the ease
with which those costs could be avoided.

Mill considered the example of alcoholism and argued that drinking
ceased to be purely self-regarding in two cases: when the person
involved had taken on a job or a commitment that could not be
performed properly under the inﬂuence of alcohol, and when the
person was liable to engage in acts of violence while drunk. But if
the effect of drinking was simply to render the person less able to
make a social contribution than he otherwise might, society had no
right to prevent it. Children could be taught about their social
responsibilities and warned about the dangers of alcohol and so
forth. But for adults, preserving freedom was of paramount
importance even if society as a whole suffered as a result.
One reason why we may hesitate to follow Mill here is that the state
has taken on a far wider range of responsibilities to its citizens since
the time that he wrote, and so it has to cover the costs incurred by
much more apparently self-regarding activity. When Mill wrote On
Liberty there was no public health service, no national system of
education or of income support for the poor, no public housing, and
so on. To a very large extent, those who damaged their health or
67

Freedom and the limits of government

I turn now to a different problem for Mill’s principle: forms of
behaviour that have no immediate effect on anyone but the person
herself may still have long-term consequences for other people
because they make that person less able to contribute to society, or
create costs that others have to pay. For instance, someone who
becomes an alcoholic may be unable to hold a steady job; someone
who smokes heavily, even if only in their own home, increases their
chance of getting cancer or heart disease, and therefore of needing
medical treatment at public expense. The question, therefore, is
whether we should count these activities as purely self-regarding,
and entitled to protection in the name of individual freedom.

Political Philosophy

made themselves unﬁt for work had to bear the costs themselves, or
had to apply to local charities, who were entitled to impose
conditions on those they supported. The question is whether Mill’s
principle still makes sense against the background of a welfare
state, funded by taxation, that is committed to providing everyone
with a minimum level of income, education, health care, and
housing. In this context, should people have enforceable social
responsibilities both to contribute and to avoid becoming
unnecessarily dependent on welfare services?
This is one of the most controversial issues in politics today, and one
reason that we may ﬁnd ourselves eventually agreeing with Mill is
that there seems no obvious stopping place once we abandon his
principle of liberty. For instance, should the state require people to
eat a healthy diet? Should it force them to take regular exercise?
Should it prevent them from engaging in dangerous sports? Any of
these measures would signiﬁcantly cut the cost of public health
care, but we may none the less think that they involve an intolerable
degree of intrusion in private life. In which case, we may conclude
that the state can legitimately require participants to insure
themselves when they go mountaineering or engage in extreme
sports; and that it has an important role to play in educating people,
including adults, about the risks that they run when they smoke,
drink, eat fatty foods, spend most of their leisure hours sprawled in
front of television, and so on, but it should none the less not prevent
them doing these things. As Mill put it, ‘the inconvenience is one
which society can afford to bear, for the sake of the greater good of
human freedom’.
Mill’s defence of liberty against the state involved demarcating a
sphere of private activity within which people should have complete
freedom to do as they liked. We have examined some problems with
this approach, and we will encounter some more in Chapter 6 when
we look at feminist arguments against the idea of a protected
private sphere. So now I want to explore a different way of
restricting what the state may do in the name of individual freedom.
68

10. John Stuart Mill, utilitarian, feminist, and defender of liberty.

Political Philosophy

This is the idea that every person has a set of human rights that
governments must never infringe.
The idea of human rights has grown steadily in inﬂuence since the
United Nations endorsed, in 1948, the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights, which set out a long list of rights that all the
signatory states undertook to respect in the case of their own
citizens. But the concept itself can be traced back much further, to
the idea of natural rights that played a central role in the earlier
stages of liberal political philosophy. John Locke, for instance,
claimed that all men at least (whether his exclusion of women was
deliberate is controversial) had natural rights to life, liberty, and
property, and when governments were established by social
contract, they undertook to protect these rights as a condition of
their having political authority. The Universal Declaration’s list of
rights is much more extensive, and besides rights that directly
protect liberty – such as rights to freedom of movement, freedom of
worship, and freedom to marry – it includes others whose effect is
to provide people with access to material beneﬁts, such as the right
to work, the right to an adequate standard of living, and the right to
education. Nevertheless, in the light of our analysis of freedom
earlier in the chapter, these rights too can be seen as ways of
protecting individuals’ freedom, by ensuring that options are
available to them that might otherwise be closed off by lack of
material resources.
The human rights perspective does not involve asking whether
certain human activities are potentially harmful to others. Instead it
looks at the person herself and asks whether we can identify certain
conditions without which no one can lead a decent human life. It
tries to be neutral over the question what the best kind of life is for
human beings – it does not say whether it is more valuable to be a
religious believer, a political activist, an artist, a farmer, or a
housewife – but it claims that all of these ways of living require
conditions that human rights protect. Some of these conditions are
plainly uncontroversial: no one can live a decent life without the
70

freedom to think, communicate, and move about, without having
adequate food and shelter, without having the chance to form
personal and professional relationships with other people, and so
forth. But other items that appear on standard lists of human rights,
including the original UN Declaration, are more problematic. They
may be rights that we would like to see implemented in the societies
we belong to, especially if we are liberals, but we might wonder
whether they are really essential to human life in all its forms.

Second, the UN Declaration includes a strong right of political
participation. Everyone, it says, has a right to take part in the
government of his country, and it goes on to say that this entails
regular elections, universal and equal suffrage, and the secret ballot
or its equivalent. Once again this is a right that liberals will applaud,
and as we saw in the last chapter there are good reasons for wanting
those who wield power to be democratically accountable to the
people as a whole. But if we are talking about human rights, the
question we must ask is whether such a right is really an essential
component of a decent human life. For millennia human societies
71

Freedom and the limits of government

Let us consider a couple of examples: ﬁrst, the right to freedom of
‘thought, conscience and religion’, which the UN Declaration
interprets broadly to include the freedom to change one’s religion
and the freedom to practise any religion in public or in private.
Since religious belief and practice are pervasive features of human
existence, we may agree that everyone should have the opportunity
to worship, to read religious texts, and so forth. But should they be
able to choose which religion to practise without restriction?
Should they be able to proselytize (to try to convert people who
adhere to a different religion)? Must the state treat all religions
equally or is it permitted to privilege one as the national religion? In
liberal societies the right we are considering is often interpreted
strongly, as requiring a positive answer to all these questions. Yet
elsewhere a much more limited right is recognized, and it would be
hard to prove that human life in those societies is therefore less than
decent.

Political Philosophy

have existed in the absence of such democratic rights, and although
by our standards all of them were imperfect, it would be hard to
claim that they uniformly failed to provide tolerable conditions of
life for their members.
In other words, we need to divide human rights, as they are
conventionally understood, into two categories. There is a fairly
short list of rights that we can say with some conﬁdence are
essential for human beings to possess, no matter how in particular
they choose to live their lives. Deprived of these rights, their lives
will be cramped, stunted, less than fully human. There is also a
longer list of rights that we believe every citizen is entitled to enjoy,
and that lay down parameters for a well-governed society. However,
there may be different versions of this longer list, depending on who
is compiling it. The version favoured by liberal societies may be
different from the one preferred by societies with different cultural
backgrounds, for example Islamic societies, or East Asian societies
with Confucian or Buddhist traditions. So we might conclude that
those rights that appear only on one of the longer lists and not on
the shorter list should not strictly speaking be called human rights.
When the French revolutionaries framed their statement of
principle in 1789 they called it The Declaration of the Rights of Man
and of the Citizen. Taking our cue from them, we might call the
rights that belong on the longer list rights of citizenship, meaning
by that that these rights ought to be recognized as basic protections
for the individual within our political community – while in other
communities a different set of rights, overlapping with but not
identical with ours, should prevail.
I began this chapter by pointing out that the idea of an area of
individual freedom into which government must in no
circumstances intrude has become deeply ingrained in liberal
societies. What we have discovered is that this idea is actually quite
problematic. Once we began to investigate what freedom really
means, we saw that in many cases it cannot be enjoyed without
positive action on the part of government, providing the resources
72

Freedom, then, is a very important political value, but not of such
importance that it should set absolute limits to the exercise of
political authority. In a democracy, especially, questions about the
use of resources to promote freedom, about freedom and social
responsibility, and about the rights that all citizens should enjoy,
will be openly debated, and in answering them people will appeal to
many different principles – to equality, to fairness, to the common
good, to respect for nature, to the protection of culture, and so forth.
As these debates proceed, certain freedoms will be picked out and
enshrined as basic rights, perhaps in a written constitution. But this
is never the ﬁnal word: as societies change, as new needs and new
problems arise, so too will the shape of freedom itself. Who could
have imagined, even 20 years ago, that internet access, electronic
surveillance, or gene ownership would very soon assume centre
stage in debates about individual liberty? Who can predict which
new issues will have taken their place in 20 years’ time?

73

Freedom and the limits of government

that keep options open, and the conditions under which people can
make free and informed choices. We also found that there was no
simple way of deﬁning a sphere of ‘self-regarding’ activity which
was of no concern to anyone beyond the individual inside it. And
ﬁnally we have found that using human rights as a way of setting
absolute standards for governments to observe can only work if the
list of human rights is kept short and basic. The longer list of
citizenship rights will legitimately vary from society to society, and
that means that it is a proper subject for political debate. Rights
that at one time seemed essential may later prove to be socially
harmful (the Founding Fathers of America wanted to ensure that a
citizen militia could always be raised to defend the country, and so
the Second Amendment to the Constitution gives every American
citizen the right to bear arms – a right that now prevents legislators
from introducing any effective measures to control the spread of
handguns).

Chapter 5
Justice

Lorenzetti’s Allegory of Good and Bad Government has no place for
the ﬁgure of Liberty, for reasons that we saw in the previous chapter,
but Justice appears not just once but twice. She is one of the
virtuous ﬁgures ranged alongside the good ruler, but she also
appears separately, at the very heart of the fresco, a majestic ﬁgure
seated alone between the two groups of ﬁgures representing good
and bad government respectively. Why did Lorenzetti paint Justice
twice? I think he wanted to convey the idea that justice is more than
simply a virtue that rulers should possess: it is fundamental to the
institutions that turn a mass of individuals into a political
community in the ﬁrst place. Lorenzetti’s main ﬁgure holds a pair of
scales, and from each of these a rope descends to the ﬁgure of
Concord, who braids them into a thicker cord that then passes
round the long line of citizens and up to the hand of the ruler.
Justice, Lorenzetti is implying, binds the citizens one to another,
and then all of them together to government. In this, he was
following in a long-standing tradition which viewed justice as
central to the justiﬁcation of political authority. As St Augustine had
asked, nearly a millennium earlier, ‘justice removed, then, what are
kingdoms but great bands of robbers?’
Saying that justice is of cardinal importance to good government is
one thing; saying what justice really means is quite another, and
this is the question that will occupy us throughout this chapter. One
74

11. Justice from The Allegory of Good and Bad Government by Ambrogio Lorenzetti.

Political Philosophy

thing we can be certain of is that the answer will not be simple.
Lorenzetti’s ﬁgure tells us that. One scale holds an angel
representing Distributive Justice, and she is simultaneously
severing the head of an evil-doer with a sword and placing a crown
on the head of a meritorious recipient. The other scale supports
Commutative Justice, and she appears to be conducting an
exchange between two tradesmen, presumably ensuring that the
metalworker’s spear and the weaver’s bale of cloth are of equal
value.
Justice, then, has something to do with punishment and reward,
and something to do with equality, but how should we deﬁne it? A
very old deﬁnition, offered by the Roman Emperor Justinian, states
that ‘justice is the constant and perpetual will to render to each his
due’. Taken by itself, this may not seem very informative, but it does
at least point us in the right direction. First, it emphasizes that
justice is a matter of each individual person being treated in the
right way; it is not a matter of whether society in general is
prosperous or poor, culturally rich or culturally barren, and so forth.
This is not to say that the idea of justice for groups can be dismissed
out of hand – and we shall be looking at it more closely in the
following chapter – but the primary concern of justice is with how
individuals are treated. Second, the ‘constant and perpetual will’
part of the deﬁnition reminds us that a central aspect of justice is
that people must be treated in a non-arbitrary way: there must be
consistency in how one person is treated over time, and there must
also be consistency between people, so that if my friend and I have
the same qualities, or have behaved in the same way, we should
receive the same beneﬁts, or the same punishment, depending on
the circumstances.
The fact that justice requires consistency in treatment explains why
acting justly is so often a matter of following rules or applying laws,
since these guarantee consistency by laying down what is to be
done in speciﬁed circumstances. But consistency alone is not
enough for justice, as we can see if we imagine a rule that required
76

all red-haired people to be put to death, or all those whose names
begin with a ‘D’ to be paid at twice the normal rate. What these
examples bring out is that justice requires relevance; if people are
going to be treated differently from one another, it must be on
grounds that are relevant to the treatment in question. This also
implies that where there are no relevant grounds on which to
discriminate, justice requires equality: everyone should be treated
in the same way. How far equal treatment is required in practice
remains to be seen, but we now have a second element of justice to
set beside simple consistency: justice demands that people should
be treated equally unless there are relevant reasons for treating
them differently.

We have squeezed a fair amount of information about justice out of
Justinian’s formula, but we have not yet been able to say exactly
what it is that people are owed as a matter of justice, nor on what
grounds, if any, we are justiﬁed in treating them differently. And in
fact there are no easy answers to these questions. This is partly
because people frequently disagree with each other about what
justice requires, in concrete terms, but also because the answer that
anyone will give will depend to a great extent on who is doing the
treating, what treatment is being given, and in what circumstances.
To a very large extent, our ideas of justice are contextual, meaning
that before we can decide whether a rule or a decision is fair we have
to know a good deal about the situation in which it is being applied.
Let me illustrate.
77

Justice

We can also add a third core element: the idea of proportion. This
tells us that when people are treated differently for relevant reasons,
the treatment they receive should be proportionate to whatever they
have done, or whatever feature they have, that justiﬁes the
inequality. Many people believe, for instance, that if people work
hard at their jobs that is a relevant reason for paying them more.
But, for justice, there must also be proportionality: if Smith works
twice as productively as Jones, he should be paid twice as much as
Jones, but not ten times as much.

Political Philosophy

Suppose that I have been given £100 to allocate between ﬁve people
who are now standing in front of me asking for their share of the
money. What does justice tell me to do? So far, very little: it tells me
that I should treat them consistently, that if I treat them differently
this should be for relevant reasons, and that my allocations should
be proportionate. Now let us ﬁll in the context in different ways
and see what allocations suggest themselves. The ﬁve people might
be my employees, and the £100 might be the bonus they have
earned this week, in which case I should consider how much each
has contributed to our joint enterprise and reward them
proportionately. Alternatively I might be an aid worker who has
been given cash to distribute to allow starving people to buy food, in
which case I should try to estimate what the relative needs of the
ﬁve are and give more to those in greater need. Or again, the £100
might be the prize that has been offered for an essay competition, in
which case what justice requires is that I should give it all to the
person who has submitted the best piece. Or perhaps the £100 is
a small lottery win, and the ﬁve people and I are members of a
syndicate, in which case, clearly, we should share the sum equally
between us.
Most readers, I imagine, will ﬁnd my proposals about how the sum
of money should be allocated in different circumstances more or
less self-evident, and what this shows is that, although doing justice
is a complex business, we already have a good intuitive grasp of
what it involves in practice. Justice is less like a measuring rod than
a box of tools: faced with a task – a decision to be reached or a rule
to be applied – we know in most cases which tool to pull out and
use. What is harder is to express this knowledge in the form of
general principles – to create a theory of justice. But, as political
philosophers, we need to develop a theory, because there are going
to be cases in which our intuitions conﬂict, or perhaps run out
altogether. This is particularly the case when we have to think
about what social justice involves – justice not simply between
individuals, but across a whole society. I shall explore this
controversial idea later in the chapter. But ﬁrst we need to explore
78

the general principles of justice that we apply even in simple cases
like the one above.

In some cases, justice is entirely a matter of the procedure that is
used to reach a decision – there is no independent standard that we
can apply to the outcome. For instance if there is a nasty or
dangerous job that needs to be done, and no reason why anyone in
particular should do it (such as having special skills), we may draw
straws to pick someone, and this is a fair procedure because
everyone stands an equal chance of being chosen. Or a team may
have to choose a captain, and decide this by voting – again a fair
procedure because everyone’s preference is counted equally.
Occasionally procedures such as these have been used to decide
bigger issues – for instance, random methods have been used to
79

Justice

Notice to begin with that justice very often has to do not only with
the treatment that people receive but with the procedure that is
followed in order to arrive at that outcome. We can see this by
thinking about criminal justice. It matters, of course, that guilty
people are punished in proportion to their crime and that innocent
people go free – that is what a just outcome requires – but it is also
important that proper procedures are followed in arriving at a
verdict, for instance that both sides are allowed to state their case,
that the judge has no vested interest that would make him lean in
one direction or the other, and so on. These procedures are
important partly because they tend to ensure that the right verdicts
are reached, but over and above that they matter because they show
a proper respect for the people who are standing trial, who want to
have the chance to state their case, to have the same rules applied to
them as to other defendants, and so on. Imagine an arbitrary judge
who decides each case by consulting tea-leaves, and suppose one
day he happens to get all the verdicts right: has justice been done?
The defendants would not think so (indeed studies have shown that
in such circumstances people care more strongly about having fair
procedures applied to them than about the actual outcome of their
case) and nor should we.

Political Philosophy

decide who is to be drafted into the army, or to select people to hold
political ofﬁce – but generally we are reluctant to understand justice
in purely procedural terms. We want procedures that produce
outcomes that are not merely random but are fair in a more
substantial sense.
So what principles do we apply to decide when outcomes are fair?
In the light of what was said earlier about the core concept of
justice, an obvious candidate is equality – everyone should get the
same amount of whatever it is we are allocating. This was the
principle we applied in the case of the lottery win, and it applies
more generally where there is some beneﬁt to be distributed, or
some cost to be borne, and there is nothing relevant that enables us
to distinguish between the possible recipients. In these
circumstances, there are two reasons favouring equality: the ﬁrst is
simply that any other way of allocating the beneﬁt or the cost is
bound to be arbitrary, in the absence of relevant reasons to
discriminate, and the other is that we are likely to do more good all
round by sharing both beneﬁts and costs equally. Going back to our
original case, suppose I know nothing at all about the ﬁve people
claiming the £100, and I have to decide between giving it all to one
person picked at random, and sharing it equally among the ﬁve.
Procedurally either decision is a fair one, but the second outcome is
likely to be better because, other things being equal, the ﬁrst £20 is
worth more to someone than additional increments. Suppose for
instance that it turns out that the ﬁve people are starving: then if I
give one person the whole £100, the other four may die. Of course
there are circumstances in which the opposite holds – where you
need £100 to stay alive, and £20 is useless. If I knew that, I should
pick one person at random, since this at least gives each person a
one in ﬁve chance of surviving. But cases like that are the
exceptions. In general it is better to share beneﬁts equally, and the
same applies to costs – by spreading them as widely as possible, we
make it less likely that anyone will suffer badly.
One principle of just distribution, therefore, is equality, and some
80

political philosophers have claimed that it is the only principle – all
justice is a kind of equality. But I believe this confuses the formal
principle contained in the very deﬁnition of justice – that people
should be treated equally unless there are relevant differences
between them – with the substantive principle that everyone should
actually receive the same amount of beneﬁt or the same amount of
cost. Because very often there are relevant differences between
people. This is quite clear in the case of punishment, for example:
no one has ever thought that everyone, innocent or guilty, parking
offender or serial killer, should receive the same amount of
punishment regardless. And the same applies when beneﬁts are
being allocated.

But is it possible to distinguish genuine needs from other demands
that people may make in the name of justice? Some critics think of
needs as a kind of black hole into which all of a society’s resources
are likely to disappear if we say that justice requires us to meet
81

Justice

One good reason for not treating people in the same way is that they
have different needs. No one objects to hungry or sick people being
given more resources than people who are well-fed and healthy, at
least so long as they have not created their own needs by behaving
irresponsibly. However not everyone agrees that this is demanded
by justice. There is a long tradition that holds that helping the needy
is a matter of charity, which means it is something that people
should be encouraged, but not required, to do. Lorenzetti would
almost certainly have taken this view. Neither of his Justice ﬁgures
shows any inclination to give handouts to the poor. That job is
reserved for Magnanimity, who sits with a tray of gold coins on her
lap to be dispensed when needy people appear. But as the state has
come to assume responsibilities that were previously reserved for
smaller communities – religious communities, artisans’ guilds, and
the like – so need has become a major element in the idea of social
justice. The state is expected to ensure that each citizen has an
income sufﬁcient to cover basic needs for food and clothing, access
to adequate medical care, and so forth.

Political Philosophy

them. So what does it mean to be in need? It means to lack
something essential, where what is essential is determined partly by
the standards of the society to which you belong. Some needs are
universal, because they involve bodily capacities that are vitally
important to human beings everywhere – people need to take in so
many calories per day to be adequately nourished, they need access
to clean water if they are not to contract diseases, and so on. But
other needs are more variable because they depend on what is
expected in the society someone inhabits. Everyone needs to be
adequately clothed, but what counts as adequate clothing will vary
from place to place. Everyone needs to be mobile – to have the
capacity to move from place to place – but the extent of mobility,
and the form it takes, will likewise vary. Needs, then, are the set of
requirements that must be fulﬁlled if someone is to live a decent life
in the society to which she belongs. They are socially relative, to
some degree, but they are not merely subjective, as the critics claim.
In economically developed societies, it is quite feasible to meet
every citizen’s genuine needs and still have ample resources to
devote to other purposes – indeed there are sufﬁcient resources in
these societies to meet (locally deﬁned) needs everywhere, if the
political will existed to do so.
If unequal need is a relevant reason for departing from equality in
one direction, unequal desert or merit takes us away from equality
in a different direction. Again we must ask, what does it mean to
deserve something? It means to have acted in a way that calls for a
particular mode of treatment as a response to what you have done.
A person deserves favourable treatment – a reward, an income, a
prize, etc. – for acting in a way that others regard as admirable in
some way, for instance contributing time and effort to a project that
brings beneﬁt to others; she deserves unfavourable treatment –
blame or punishment – when her actions are deplorable, for
instance involve harming other people. The basis on which you
deserve varies from case to case, so we cannot say anything more
speciﬁc about what someone has to do to become deserving.
It is worth, however, underlining the link between desert and
82

responsibility. What we deserve must depend on actions or
performances for which we are responsible, so someone can escape
punishment, for example, by showing that he was not responsible
for the behaviour that caused the harm – say if he was being forced
to act as he did, or if he was deranged. Equally, on the positive side,
we cannot claim credit for the results of our actions that we did not
intend and could not have anticipated. If I save a stranger’s life, I
deserve some reward – heartfelt thanks, at least – but if I rudely
push him out of my way as I hurry along the street, and as it
happens cause an assassin’s bullet to miss, I deserve nothing of the
sort. Saving his life was no part of my intention, and so I cannot
claim responsibility for it.

83

Justice

Desert plays a central role in most people’s understanding of justice,
but like the need principle it has also come under attack from
various quarters. Critics often claim that it can too easily be used to
justify large inequalities in income and wealth, and it is certainly
true that highly paid people are eager to claim that their
contribution to society is such that their salaries are no more than a
ﬁtting reward for what they have done. Perhaps, though, this is less
a problem with the idea of desert itself than a problem of ﬁnding an
accurate way of measuring the size of contributions. A more
philosophical objection holds that people are never really
responsible for their behaviour in the strong sense needed to justify
claims about desert. Look behind a person’s performance and you
ﬁnd a train of causes that stretches back beyond the person herself.
She was born with certain capacities and certain propensities,
including propensities to choose to behave in one way rather than
another, and had others instilled in her by her family, so any ‘credit’
for good behaviour or ‘blame’ for bad behaviour should really be
directed to her genes and her parents. This objection to desert raises
fundamental questions about personal responsibility that I cannot
tackle here, but I think it is worth noticing what a radical step it
would be to dispense with the idea altogether. If we were entirely to
stop praising and blaming, rewarding and punishing, other people,
our social interaction would change in a very basic way – indeed we

Political Philosophy

would hardly be treating them as people at all. Once we recognize
this, we can see that the real issue is not whether desert should play
any part in the way we understand justice, but how large a part it
should play. In particular, how far should it be allowed to govern the
distribution of material resources like income and wealth?
Need and desert give us two very basic reasons why justice can
require us to treat people differently. There are other reasons too, of
a less basic kind. For instance people often form legitimate
expectations about how they are going to be treated which may have
nothing to do with either need or desert, and sometimes justice
demands that we should honour these expectations. Promising and
contracting are obvious instances of this. Reverting to my original
example, it may be the case that I have promised £100 to one of the
ﬁve people now standing before me, in which case that may be a
good enough reason to give him the whole sum. Another set of
reasons that may justify special treatment include restitution or
compensation. Someone who has unjustly been deprived of a
beneﬁt to which they were entitled has a claim to have that beneﬁt
restored to them, or failing that, to be compensated by being given
something else of equivalent value. (I describe these reasons as less
basic because they presuppose that the expectations have been
formed in a context that is already substantially just.) Once again
we see that doing justice is a complex matter, that what counts as
giving someone his or her due is to a large extent contextually
determined.
So far I have been looking at justice in general terms, and not
speciﬁcally at the role played by governments in promoting it. In
the remainder of the chapter I want to explore the idea of social
justice – the idea that we can put in place a set of social and political
institutions that will ensure the just distribution of beneﬁts and
costs throughout society. This idea ﬁrst emerged in the late 19th
century, and stood at the heart of political debate throughout the
20th. It requires the state to become much more closely involved in
distributive issues than was possible for states in earlier periods,
84

even if their members had wished it. It is also a controversial idea:
whereas only a few extreme sceptics have attacked the idea of justice
as such, social justice has been pilloried, mainly by critics from the
libertarian right, who see it as corrosive of personal freedom, and
especially of the economic freedom that a market economy requires.

Hayek is certainly right to point out that ‘social distribution’ cannot
be attributed to any single distributing agency, given the complexity
of any society in the contemporary world. But what he overlooks is
that the distributive pattern that we observe around us does, in its
general outline, depend upon the institutions we have created,
consciously or unconsciously – for instance the prevailing rules
governing property and contracts, the system of taxation, the level
of public expenditure on health care, education, and housing,
employment policies, and so on. These are all institutions that can
be changed by political decision, and so if we leave things as they are
that is equivalent to a decision to accept the existing distribution of
resources. Moreover we can understand, again in general outline if
not in precise detail, what the effect of a proposed institutional
change would be. To that extent, the distribution of resources across
society – who gets which beneﬁts, how wide the spread of incomes
85

Justice

Let us look a little more closely at the attack on social justice. Critics
such as the Austrian economist-cum-philosopher Friedrich Hayek
argued that there was a fundamental error involved even in talking
about social justice in the ﬁrst place. According to Hayek, justice is
fundamentally a property of individual actions: an action is unjust
when it violates a general rule that a society has put in place to allow
its members to cooperate with one another – so, for instance, theft
is unjust because it violates a rule protecting property. But if we look
at how resources – money, property, employment opportunities,
and so forth – are distributed across a society, we cannot describe
this distribution as either just or unjust, since it results not from the
actions or decisions of a single agent, but from the actions and
decisions of millions of separate people, none of whom intended to
create this or any other distributive outcome in particular.

Political Philosophy

will be, etc. – is something that, in a democracy, is under our
collective control. It is a perfectly reasonable, therefore, to ask what
a fair distribution of social resources would look like – to ask what
social justice would require us to do.
This is not to say, however, that social justice is something that
we ought to pursue. Hayek’s second claim is that, in attempting
to make the distribution of resources match up to our favoured
principle of distributive justice, we would destroy economic
freedom and thereby kill the goose that lays the golden eggs. Let
us assume Hayek is right when he claims that a market economy
is the most effective way of organizing production and exchange,
and that any alternative would involve an intolerable reduction in
living standards in economically developed societies. The
question is whether pursuing social justice means turning your
back on the market economy, or whether it is possible to pursue
that aim through a market economy, albeit one that has been
shaped in the right way, and has other institutions working
alongside it.
Here we need to look at different ways of interpreting the idea of
social justice. The most radical version, embraced by Marxists and
some of the communitarian anarchists we encountered in Chapter
2, reduces social justice to the principles of equality and need. A
just society, on this view, is one in which each member contributes
to the best of his or her ability, but resources are distributed
according to need, with any surplus being shared equally. There is
no room here for the idea that people need incentives, or deserve
material rewards for making their contribution. Could such a
society exist? On a small scale it undoubtedly could. We have
many examples of communities whose members practised social
justice in this radical form among themselves. Most of these
communities had a religious basis, and depended on religious
authority to sustain the ethos whereby each member worked for
the common good of the community without expecting any
personal reward, but there are also instances – most notably the
86

kibbutzim in Israel – of secular communities achieving the same
goal. These communities dispensed with the market, at least
internally. They relied on what are sometimes called ‘moral
incentives’ – people contributing either because they simply
believe that they should, or because they feel the eyes of their
neighbours upon them.

There is, however, a less radical view of social justice which has been
embraced by many democratic socialists, and also by many
contemporary liberals. On this view, social justice requires the equal
distribution of some social beneﬁts – especially equal rights of
citizenship such as voting and freedom of speech. It requires some
beneﬁts to be distributed on the basis of need, so that everyone is
guaranteed an adequate income, access to housing and health care,
and so forth. But it also allows other resources to be distributed
unequally, so long as there is equal opportunity for people to try to
acquire a larger share. These inequalities may be justiﬁed on
grounds of desert, or on the grounds that by giving people material
incentives to work hard and produce goods and services that other
people want, everyone in society beneﬁts.
87

Justice

The question is whether a large society could practise social justice
in this form. It seems that the informal coordination of people’s
behaviour that can occur in a small community cannot happen
here – the economy must either be market-based, giving people
incentives to produce the resources that other people want to
consume, or state-directed, with a central authority planning what
is to be produced and directing individuals according to the plan.
Although in theory one can imagine both market and centrally
planned economies that do not rely on material incentives, in
practice this has proved impossible to achieve (attempts were made
in the mid-20th century by Communist regimes in China and Cuba
to replace material by moral incentives, but in neither case was the
experiment successful). Pursuing social justice in its radical form
does seem to require dispensing with the market and
reconstructing society on a quite different, communitarian basis.

12. John Rawls, author of the hugely inﬂuential A Theory of Justice.

Perhaps the most inﬂuential interpretation of social justice of this
kind is the one developed by John Rawls, who in his book A Theory
of Justice argued that a just society must fulﬁl three conditions.
First, it must give each member the most extensive set of basic
liberties (including political liberties like the right to vote) that is
consistent with the same liberty for everyone else. Second, social
positions carrying greater advantages – higher paying jobs, for
instance – must be open to everyone on the basis of equality of
opportunity. Third, inequalities of income and wealth are justiﬁed
when they can be shown to work to the beneﬁt of the least
advantaged members of society – in other words when they provide
incentives that raise the society’s overall productivity, and
therefore allow more resources to be channelled to those at the
bottom of the heap.

To begin with, Rawls’s idea of equality of opportunity is quite
radical. It is not enough that positions of advantage should be given
to those who, at the moment of selection, can be shown to be better
qualiﬁed to hold them. It must also be true that applicants have had
an equal opportunity to become qualiﬁed, which means that, from
the moment of birth on, people of equal talent and equal motivation
should have been given the same chances, in school and elsewhere.
Clearly this condition is very far from being realized in any existing
society. Furthermore, Rawls’s third principle, usually called ‘the
difference principle’, permits inequalities only when they can be
89

Justice

Rawls’s theory of social justice explicitly makes room for a market
economy: his third principle is formulated so as to allow for the
possibility that people may need to keep at least part of the gain that
they can make through producing goods and services for the market
if they are going to be sufﬁciently motivated to work hard and use
their talents in the most productive way. This undermines Hayek’s
claim that social justice and market freedom are conﬂicting goals.
On the other hand, a market economy governed by Rawlsian
principles would look quite different from the economic systems
that exist in most liberal democracies today.

Political Philosophy

shown to beneﬁt the worst off. In practice this would mean that
governments should set tax rates so that beneﬁts were continually
redistributed from rich to poor, up to the point at which the
productivity of the better off begins to decline and the tax yield
therefore decreases. Although most democratic states have tax
regimes that are somewhat redistributive, they all fall far short of
this requirement. Taxes are set in such a way that an adequate level
of welfare services is provided for all citizens, but no government
attempts, as a former Labour Chancellor, Denis Healey, was
reported to have proposed, to ‘squeeze the rich until the pips
squeak’.
My own view is that a theory of social justice should retain Rawls’s
ﬁrst two principles – equal liberty and equality of opportunity – but
replace the difference principle with two others. The ﬁrst is that of a
guaranteed social minimum, understood in terms of the set of needs
that must be met to give every citizen a decent life; as I indicated
earlier, this minimum is not ﬁxed, but changes between societies
and over time. The second is a principle of desert: inequalities of
income and wealth should be proportional to the relative
contributions different people make, measured by their success in
producing goods and services that other people need and want. Like
Rawls’s theory, these principles do not entail getting rid of the
market economy, but they do require the state to maintain an
extensive welfare system, and to adjust the legal framework within
which the market functions so that there is as close a link as
possible between what people contribute economically and what
they receive by way of income. This would require some big changes
to the way that capitalist economies currently operate, since
existing rules of property ownership and inheritance allow people
to reap large rewards by virtue of luck, inherited wealth, corporate
position, and so forth – factors that are unrelated to their
contribution to society. Indeed the pursuit of social justice may
point us towards a form of market socialism in which economic
enterprises are owned and controlled by those who work in them,
rather than by outside shareholders, so that proﬁts can be shared
90

among the actual producers. This is not the communist utopia
favoured by Marx and other radical socialists, since it allows harder
working and more talented individuals to reap the fruits of their
labour, but it still takes us far beyond the political agenda of the
present day, at least so far as the liberal democracies are concerned.
Like democracy, social justice is an unﬁnished project. The political
philosopher’s job is to tell us, in outline, what a just society would
look like, without either building castles in the air, or over-adapting
to the political realities of the moment. Many now believe that the
quest for social justice has been stalled by global developments
which reduce the power of any state to regulate the market economy
as justice demands. I shall return to this question in the ﬁnal
chapter of the book. But ﬁrst I want to turn to a different challenge
to justice as it has traditionally been understood – the challenge
posed by feminists and multiculturalists.
Justice

91

Chapter 6
Feminism and
multiculturalism

In Western democracies today, debates about the position of women
and minority cultural groups command a great deal of political
attention. Feminists and multiculturalists often claim that the
issues that concern them – issues about the nature of personal
identity, about whether it is possible to draw a line between public
and private life, about respect for cultural difference – have
displaced the questions about authority, democracy, freedom, and
justice that I have been examining in previous chapters. Indeed, the
very nature of politics itself has changed: it now has less to do with
what happens in the institutions of government, and more to do
with what happens between individuals – men and women, whites
and blacks, Christians and Muslims – in their everyday interactions.
Political philosophy, therefore, needs to be rewritten with an
entirely new focus.
I believe such claims are exaggerated, and in this chapter I shall try
to explain why. The issues raised by feminists and multiculturalists
are certainly very important, and should shift the way we think
about politics. But they should not displace the older questions,
which remain as urgent as they ever were. Instead they give these
questions a new dimension. My aim here is to explore how far
feminist and multiculturalist arguments should make us think
differently about political authority, democracy, freedom and its
limits, and justice.
92

The answer, I believe, is that we live in societies that are founded on
commitments to freedom and equality, but that have failed so far to
live up to these commitments in the case of women and people from
minority cultures. It is one of our deepest beliefs that each person
should be able to live life in the way that he or she chooses, subject
to certain limits that we explored in Chapter 4; it is another deep
belief that each person is entitled to be treated as an equal, either by
being given equal rights, or by being given equal opportunities.
Given these beliefs, it becomes a matter of great political concern if
one section of society enjoys only a smaller area of personal
freedom, or receives less than equal treatment at the hands of
existing social and political institutions. So, for instance, when
women are denied the option available to men of harmoniously
93

Feminism and multiculturalism

One way to keep perspective is to ask about the circumstances
under which feminism and multiculturalism have moved to the
centre of political debate. Or, to turn the question round, why was it
that for many centuries the relations between men and women, and
the position of minority cultural groups, were routinely ignored in
treatises of political thought? It is tempting to see this either as
some kind of gigantic oversight, or else to argue that dominant
groups in society kept such issues off the agenda. It is certainly true,
to take the case of feminism, that political philosophy in the past
was written by men who took it for granted that the subordination
of women to men was a natural fact, that women had no active part
to play in political life, and so on (there were occasional exceptions –
John Stuart Mill was one – but these were few and far between). But
they took it for granted mainly because nobody was arguing the
opposite case. Although with hindsight we can take them to task for
their chauvinism – and many books have been written in this vein –
it is both more useful and in a way more honest to ask what it is
about own society that makes us take feminist and multiculturalist
arguments so seriously. How can we see things that our
predecessors so notoriously failed to see – for instance, that there is
absolutely no reason why women should not enjoy the same set of
career opportunities as men?

Political Philosophy

combining a career with family life, or when members of ethnic
minorities have fewer opportunities in the job market than others,
this means that they are not being treated as fully free and equal
members of their society. It is tempting sometimes to complain that
feminists, especially, are arguing on behalf of the already privileged.
We read about a woman employed in a top city institution bringing
a court case because her share options are worth so many millions
less than those of her male colleagues, and we think that by any
reasonable comparative standards she is already doing extremely
well. This reaction is right in one way but wrong in another. It
ignores the experience of being discriminated against in a society
that is committed to equal treatment, which entails being devalued
as a person despite one’s comfortable lifestyle.
Feminists argue for ways of transforming society so that women
enjoy full, not merely nominal or partial, freedom and equality.
Multiculturalists advance similar claims on the part of ethnic,
religious, and other groups whose members are discriminated
against or whose culture is undervalued by the dominant majority.
Each position comes in different versions, but rather than trawl
mechanically through these I want to explore the general challenge
that feminism and multiculturalism pose to the ideas laid out in
earlier chapters.
Let us begin with the issue of political power and political authority.
In Chapter 2 I treated this as a question about the authority of the
state – in other words I assumed that at least in modern societies
when we ask about the form that political authority should take, we
are asking about how the state should be constituted. But many
feminists have challenged this way of understanding politics. They
have argued that it is problematic, if not impossible, to draw a line
between the public sphere, where people engage in political
relationships with one another, and the private sphere, where
relationships are non-political. In other words they see politics as a
much more pervasive phenomenon, one that touches every aspect
of our lives. This challenge is summed up in the slogan ‘the personal
94

is political’. And it follows that if we are going to talk about political
authority, we have to talk not only about the authority wielded
by states over their subjects, but also about the authority wielded by
men over women.

However, it does not necessarily follow that we should now begin
thinking of these relations as political. Although politics is about
power – about who should have it, how it should be controlled – not
every power relationship is a political one. Take some familiar
examples – the power of a teacher over his pupils, the power of an
employer over her workers, the power of a general over his soldiers.
In each case the ﬁrst party can get the second party to behave in
ways that he or she wants, partly through exercising authority that
is voluntarily accepted, partly through being able to threaten
certain consequences – detention, the sack, a court martial – if
instructions are not obeyed. So why are these relationships not
political ones? We need to think about what makes politics a
distinctive part of human life. First, although it involves making
and enforcing decisions, it involves making them in a certain way –
95

Feminism and multiculturalism

What gives bite to this challenge is the undoubted fact that men, not
only in the past but also to some extent today, have exercised power
over women. They have done so partly by keeping them
economically dependent – in order to survive women have had to
rely on male breadwinners – partly by promulgating ideas about
women’s proper role in life that women themselves have come to
accept, and partly by sheer physical force – the threat of violence if
male commands are disobeyed. These are general claims about
relations between the sexes, and it is not being suggested that every
individual man has used all three means to keep women in check –
for one thing women have often found ways to ﬁght back – but they
do none the less point to a kind of power that has usually remained
invisible in political philosophy. When political philosophers like
Hobbes write about power struggles and how to control them, they
are thinking about relationships between men – it is as though the
issue of relations between the sexes had already been resolved.

13. The price of women’s liberation: the suffragette Emmeline
Pankhurst arrested outside Buckingham Palace, 1914.

If politics has these distinctive features, then we can put the
feminist challenge to political authority in a different form. What
feminists are pointing out about relationships between men and
women is not so much their inherently political nature as the
failure of politics to address them. Political authority, in the form
in which it has been constituted up to now, has not set adequate
parameters for the peculiarly intimate relations that exist between
the sexes. It has failed in a number of ways: it has not given
women adequate physical security, especially protection against
domestic violence, it has not ensured that women enjoy equal
rights with men in a number of important areas of life, and it has
not provided women with sufﬁcient personal freedom (I shall be
looking in a moment at what this means). It is these political
failures that have allowed men to exercise power over women in
their personal lives, and one obvious reason is that women have for
centuries been almost entirely excluded from politics in the
conventional sense.
97

Feminism and multiculturalism

giving different voices and different interests a chance to make
themselves heard. It is not necessarily democratic – there can be
politics in royal courts – and it is not necessarily morally pure –
threats and bargaining come into it, as well as discussion and
argument. But where a dictator can impose his will without
needing to listen to any other voices or consult interested parties,
there is no politics. Second, political authority potentially touches
upon every aspect of human life. Although we can and should set
limits to it – we ought to mark out spheres of personal freedom
where political decisions cease to intrude, as we saw in Chapter 4 –
the very act of marking out these spheres is a political act. And
politics is also the means whereby we determine what powers
individual people in different walks of life should be able to wield.
It is a matter for political decision how far a teacher’s authority
over her pupils should extend, what the respective rights and
obligations of employers and workers should be, what generals
should and should not be allowed to do in the course of managing
an army.

Political Philosophy

This leads us directly to the feminist and multiculturalist critiques
of democracy as it is currently practised, but before examining those
I want to look more closely at the issue of freedom. As we saw in
Chapter 4, freedom is usually understood in terms of a protected
sphere of action in which each person has the opportunity and
means to decide how to live his or her own life. Feminists – and
similar arguments have been voiced by multiculturalists – have
challenged this idea in two ways. First, they have argued that
women are in reality much less free in the private sphere than
political philosophers usually assume. Second, they have argued
that behaviour that might appear to be purely ‘self-regarding’, to use
Mill’s phrase, can in fact have damaging effects on women’s
interests.
Freedom, we saw, involves having a range of options open to one,
but also having the capacity to choose between them. In the past,
the options open to the great majority of women were clearly very
limited. They had little choice but to marry, rear children, and work
either within the household or in a limited number of occupations
closely connected to it. The 20th century saw a dramatic change
in this external aspect of women’s freedom. Not only were almost
all occupations at least formally opened up to women, but there
were now genuine choices to be made in the sphere of personal
relations – whether to marry, whether to engage in heterosexual
relationships at all, whether to have children, and so forth. This is
not to say that they enjoyed equal freedom with men in all these
respects, because freedom, as again we saw, is also a matter of the
costs that are attached to different courses of action, and very often
women had to bear extra costs when, for example, they decided to
combine a career with raising children. The harder issue, however,
has to do with the internal aspect of freedom – the capacity to
choose.
Feminists have argued that women remain in thrall to longestablished cultural norms in their society even where they are no
longer physically compelled to conform to them. These norms have
98

to do especially with how women should look, how they should
behave, what kind of relationship they should establish with men,
and so on. These norms become embedded in a woman’s psyche at
an early stage in life, and are very difﬁcult to challenge later on.
Women obviously do make real choices in many areas of life – in
occupation, religion, lifestyle in a broad sense – but nearly always
within bounds set by prevailing ideas of femininity. And this may
lead to damaging outcomes – for instance an obsession with
physical appearance may lead to anorexia among teenage girls,
beliefs about the domestic roles of men and women may lead
women to submit to a monstrously unfair division of domestic
chores, and so forth.

How can we decide whether observed male–female differences in
choice are merely the result of cultural norms that could be
changed, or whether they reﬂect differences that are hard-wired
into the sexes? This is such a complex issue that the wisest course
may be to follow John Stuart Mill and remain agnostic. As Mill
wrote in The Subjection of Women (one of the very few examples of
feminist political philosophy before the 20th century):
99

Feminism and multiculturalism

What makes this issue so hard to tackle is that it becomes
entangled with another question that feminists themselves
disagree about: whether men and women have essentially a
common nature, or whether there are deep differences between
them which mean that there will always be contrasts in the way
that men and women prefer to lead their lives. If the latter is true,
then we should not be too quick to assume that when women
choose to follow certain cultural norms, these choices are
inauthentic. This does not mean that we have to accept the norms
that lead teenage girls to starve themselves, for instance. But it is at
least possible that it is ingrained in women’s nature to be more
concerned about their physical appearance than men, in which
case it is not detrimental to their freedom that the choices they
make in this part of life display a different pattern from the choices
made by men.

I deny that anyone knows, or can know, the nature of the two sexes,
as long as they have only been seen in their present relation to one
another. If men had ever been found in society without women, or
women without men, or if there had been a society of men and
women in which the women were not under the control of the men,
something might have been positively known about the mental and

Political Philosophy

moral differences which may be inherent in the nature of each.

Since we lack this evidence, we have good reason to ensure that the
external conditions of freedom are the same for men and women –
that the options they have available to them, and the costs they will
incur if they take them up, are the same. Whether beyond this we
must also try to break the hold of prevailing cultural norms about
how men and women, respectively, should behave, or whether
instead we should try to ensure that traditionally female norms are
valued as highly as traditionally male norms – this, as I say, remains
a matter of intense dispute among feminists themselves.
Cultural minorities – groups whose religious or ethnic identity is
different from that of the majority in their society – also face
barriers to personal freedom. Even though, in modern liberal
societies, they have the same formal set of educational and career
opportunities as members of the majority, there are often special
costs attached to pursuing these options. For instance, jobs may be
speciﬁed in such a way that people from minority groups have
difﬁculty in complying with the speciﬁcations – there may be dress
requirements that conﬂict with religious or traditional dress codes,
the working week may be organized in such a way as to be
incompatible with religious practices, say if people are required to
work on the day that is prescribed as the Sabbath, and so on.
Multiculturalists argue that opportunities must be made equal in a
more than formal sense. The problem here is that the costs
themselves may appear to be matters of choice. If, for religious
reasons, I choose not to eat pork, say, then clearly that is not a
limitation on my freedom: the restriction is self-imposed. So how is
it different if, because I insist on wearing a certain style of dress,
100

many employers won’t offer me a job? I could choose not to dress in
that way.

We see, then, how feminist and multiculturalist challenges may
force us to revise, not the idea of freedom itself, but our
understanding of the conditions under which people are genuinely
free to choose their path in life. The same applies when we look at
the limits of that freedom. In Chapter 4 I gave examples of how
behaviour that might appear to be merely offensive to other people,
and therefore not ‘other-regarding’ according to Mill’s deﬁnition,
might become more than that if the people affected by it were
forced to change their own behaviour as a result. Feminists and
multiculturalists may want to push this argument further. They
would claim, for example, that the way women and cultural
minorities are portrayed, especially in the popular media, can have
major repercussions for the way they are treated generally. If
women are represented as sex objects, for instance, or blacks are
portrayed as criminals or drug-dealers, then this will affect, perhaps
unconsciously, the behaviour of people who are hiring for jobs, or
deciding promotions. The implication is that freedom of expression
should be more limited than we had previously thought. Expression
that is damaging to the interests of vulnerable groups should be
prevented. Some feminists have for this reason called for
101

Feminism and multiculturalism

To tackle this problem, we need to decide whether a dress code, or
indeed any other type of job speciﬁcation, is one that is essential to
the job we are considering. In some instances, dress requirements
may be imposed for safety reasons. In other cases aesthetic
questions may be involved – actors and dancers, for instance, have
to be prepared to wear the gear that the production designer has
chosen. But if the code is not much more than conventional, then
cultural minorities can claim with justiﬁcation that unless it is
abandoned or relaxed their freedom of occupational choice has
been limited. (Of course they must also demonstrate that their own
dress requirement has deep cultural roots, so that breaching it
would be costly for the individuals in question.)

Political Philosophy

pornography to be banned; representatives of religious minorities
have argued for blasphemy laws that prohibit derogatory
statements about their religions, as some Muslims did after Salman
Rushdie published his book The Satanic Verses.
These claims pose problems for societies that are strongly
committed to individual freedom. After all isn’t freedom valuable
precisely because it allows people to challenge conventions, to shock
and outrage, and in that way get other people to question their
existing beliefs? How can we salute expression or behaviour that
offends one group of people, and then turn round and try to ban
expression or behaviour that offends another group? Because the
line between forms of expression that are liberating despite being
offensive to some and forms of expression that are merely offensive
is difﬁcult to draw, we may conclude that the law is a blunt
instrument in this area – that in general people should be left to
judge for themselves which expression is acceptable and which is
not, with exceptions only for extreme cases, such as racist speech in
public places. This does not exclude public debate about these
issues, which can make people more aware about what others with
different cultural backgrounds ﬁnd offensive or insulting. In a
multicultural society widespread respect for the cultural values of
other groups is an important good. At the same time it is important
not to succumb to debilitating political correctness. Where cultures
contain elements that are hostile to freedom and equality –
especially freedom and equality for women – we should not hesitate
to say so forcefully, even if this means giving offence.
I now turn to the question of democracy. In societies with universal
suffrage, a major issue for both feminists and multiculturalists has
been the relative absence of women and representatives of cultural
minorities from legislative assemblies. Why should this matter? It is
argued on the other side that representatives are elected by all of
their constituents, and are answerable to them, so even if there are
few women and minority members actually present, their interests
and concerns will still be channelled through the (white) men who
102

14. Muslims burn The Satanic Verses in Bradford, UK, 1989.

Political Philosophy

represent them. It is mechanisms of accountability that matter, in
other words, not who actually gets chosen to sit in Parliament or
Congress.
This reply overlooks the fact that, in democracies as they presently
exist, elected representatives have a great deal of freedom to decide
issues on which their constituents have never been given the chance
to pronounce. In Chapter 3 I discussed ways of deepening
democracy, of involving the people more fully in the making of
decisions, and if that were to happen it might indeed matter less
who was chosen to represent them. But now it matters a good deal,
and the argument for increasing women’s and minority
representation is that there are important issues on which it is very
hard for those who do not belong to these groups to understand
fully the perspectives and interests of those who do. So, for example,
if a question about religious practice comes to Parliament or
Congress, say in relation to a case of job discrimination, it is
important that there should be people present who can explain the
meaning of the practice, its centrality or otherwise to the life of the
group in question, and so on. The same applies when an issue of
speciﬁc concern to women arises, for instance an issue about
maternity leave or childcare.
It is not essential that representation should be strictly proportional
to numbers in the population. What is important is that each
signiﬁcant perspective be adequately represented in the legislative
body. This follows from my earlier description of democracy as a
system of reaching political decisions by open discussion among all
those involved. Here it is assumed that the people involved are
willing to listen to arguments on the other side, weigh them using
standards of fairness, and change their own views accordingly. Of
course democracies do not always work like this, but for minority
groups especially it is important that they should, as far as possible.
They are, after all, minorities. If everyone just votes according to
their sectional interest, the minorities are bound to lose. The force
of argument is their only weapon.
104

Finally in this chapter, we come to the question of justice: how have
feminists and multiculturalists challenged prevailing ideas of social
justice, and how ought we to respond to these challenges? I want to
focus here on two particular issues: domestic justice – justice
between men and women in family life – and positive
discrimination – measures designed to favour women and ethnic
minorities in access to higher education and the job market.
105

Feminism and multiculturalism

This view has been challenged by some feminists and
multiculturalists, who claim that the very idea of deciding issues by
reasoned argument biases the system in favour of those who are
already adept at discussion of this kind. They argue that women and
minority groups may need to make use of more impassioned forms
of speech to make their case; they also suggest that certain issues
should be reserved for the groups that have the greatest stake in
them, so that questions about reproductive rights – abortion,
contraception, etc. – should be left for women alone to decide. In
Chapter 3 I argued in relation to the general problem of minorities
that democracies ought to be willing to enshrine certain basic rights
in a constitution, precisely so as to protect minorities against
unfriendly majorities at any moment. I also suggested that creating
separate constituencies to deal with different issues, as happens in a
federal system, could be justiﬁed on democratic grounds. However,
the problem here is that many of the issues that deeply concern
women and cultural minorities are also of considerable concern to
other groups. Abortion is an obvious case. However tempted one
might be to think that this is a matter of concern only to women, it is
plain that religious groups, in particular, are also deeply concerned,
believing as they do that abortion involves the destruction of a
human being with a soul. One cannot dismiss this concern as simply
crazy, unless one is willing in the same way to dismiss all other
cultural claims with a religious basis. So the only way forward is to
attempt to work out, through debate and discussion, a position on
abortion that is at least minimally acceptable to the opposing sides,
and this again underlines the importance of having a full range of
perspectives represented in the body that has to reach a decision.

Political Philosophy

Social justice, as I indicated in the last chapter, concerns the way in
which social and political institutions produce a distribution of
beneﬁts and costs among individuals. The focus has traditionally
been on the system of property and taxation, on the public provision
of health care and education, and so forth. But can we restrict our
attention to the distributive effects of these public institutions?
Feminists argue that we also need to look at what happens inside
the family unit, to see how that distributes beneﬁts and costs, and
also to see what impact it has on the wider distribution of jobs,
income, and so forth. More speciﬁcally they argue that, without
domestic justice, social justice is never going to be achieved for
women.
Many people today would agree that historically the family gave
women a raw deal – that it placed them more or less at the mercy of
their men folk, who not only expected to do very little work in the
home, but also controlled the family ﬁnances by virtue of their
status as breadwinners. But it might seem that now that women
have won their independence in the public sphere – have gained
legal rights, political rights, and equal access to the labour market –
relations between men and women in domestic contexts must also
have changed profoundly: they now interact on terms of equality. In
other words, once social justice (in the familiar sense) is achieved
for women, domestic justice will follow. But this optimistic belief
has not been borne out in practice: women’s position has
undoubtedly improved in many respects, but there is still a great
deal of inequality, especially in the way domestic labour is shared
between men and women. Even when both partners work full time,
women still carry out the lion’s share of household tasks. On the
assumption that these tasks are burdensome (does anybody actually
enjoy vacuuming or ironing?), this looks unfair.
Women are also disadvantaged by the fact that, when children are
born, they almost invariably take longer career breaks than men,
often coming back into the job market to take up part-time work, or
in any case advancing up the promotion ladder less rapidly than
106

their male counterparts. This, as much as overt sexual
discrimination, seems to explain the often-observed fact that
women systematically earn less than men, and are poorly
represented at the top of the various professions (there are very
few women chief executives, judges, professors, etc.).

Why might they have agreed to this? Presumably because there
still exist norms about the respective roles of men and women,
norms which tell us that women have a special responsibility for
home-making and child-rearing, while men have a special
responsibility to earn income outside the home. So although in
practice the vast majority of women of working age are employed
in the labour market, there is a tendency for both sexes to regard
their work as a kind of bonus, something added on to their
primary responsibilities. But even if women share in this
perspective, it is clearly one that works against them in terms of
the balance of costs and beneﬁts. The norm is a relic from an
earlier age, and its being freely embraced is not sufﬁcient to make
it fair (even slaves have been known to accept norms that justify
their slavery).
Showing that domestic justice has not been achieved in our society
is one thing; saying more positively what fairness within the
household requires is harder. Should we insist that equal sharing of
costs and beneﬁts must be the rule for all couples, or is there room
107

Feminism and multiculturalism

But we should not be too quick to conclude that because men and
women end up unequally placed in certain respects, this must be an
injustice. After all some unequal outcomes are none the less fair –
for instance when they reﬂect the different choices people have
made. So one response that we need to consider to the evidence I
have just presented is that women have agreed to the arrangements
that appear to work to their disadvantage – that they have accepted
as part of the family deal, so to speak, that they should do most of
the housework, and that they should have less glittering careers
than their male partners.

Political Philosophy

for people to work out different arrangements according to their
circumstances? Perhaps once the old norms about a woman’s
proper place have disappeared, the principle of free agreement will
come into its own. As we saw, some feminists insist that there are
deep differences between men and women, especially is connection
with their role in child-rearing, and see strict equality as forcing
women to behave in ways that deny their maternal natures. To the
extent this is true, fairness in domestic relations ought to be
compatible with ﬂexibility in family life, where partners can choose
to divide up work inside and outside the home according to their
individual preferences and abilities.
Finally in this chapter we need to look at the issues raised by
afﬁrmative action and positive discrimination policies. Both
feminists and multiculturalists have challenged conventional ideas
about equality of opportunity, which imply that when people are
being selected for jobs or college places, this must be strictly on the
grounds of merit. Instead, they argue, justice may require us to
discriminate positively in favour of women and/or members of
ethnic minorities – in other words selection committees should
build in a weighting factor that takes account of whether an
applicant belongs to one of these categories. Such policies have of
course been implemented quite widely, both by universities and by
employers, but they remain controversial.
We need to distinguish two justiﬁcations that might be given for
positive discrimination policies. One is that standard ways of
measuring ‘merit’ – for instance relying on examination grades
or test results – tend to underestimate the true ability of women
or minority members. This might be because the tests contain
hidden cultural biases, or because people in these categories have
had fewer opportunities to acquire the skills that the tests are
designed to measure – as a result, say, of having a weaker
educational background. Where this can be demonstrated – it is
much more plausible in the case of deprived ethnic groups than in
the case of women, given that girls now tend to outperform boys at
108

school – positive discrimination policies are actually a better way
of achieving equal opportunity. There is no dispute at the level of
principle: the argument is simply about the best way to ensure that
those who are selected for advantaged positions are the people who
really deserve them.

Suppose it were true that individual opportunities were genuinely
equal – that people were always chosen for jobs and other positions
on the basis of merit, and had the same chance to develop the skills
and abilities that count as merit – but nevertheless different groups
in society turned out to be more or less successful overall, some
occupying most of the top posts, others clustering at the bottom.
Could we say that the less successful groups were the victims of
group injustice? Not if their members had consciously chosen not to
apply for the better jobs, say for cultural reasons. But this seems
unlikely in general (there might be speciﬁc jobs that groups ﬁnd
uncongenial for cultural reasons). A more likely explanation is that
groups whose members historically have tended to occupy lowstatus jobs have low expectations and a diminished sense of selfesteem, and therefore few of their members believe that they have
any chance of climbing high up the career ladder – so they prefer
not to try.
109

Feminism and multiculturalism

However, there is a second justiﬁcation that does raise issues of
principle. This starts from the fact that women and ethnic
minorities are currently very signiﬁcantly underrepresented in the
higher echelons of society, and presents positive discrimination as
the best means to put this right. In other words, it should be an
important aim of social policy to ensure that there are many
women, blacks, Muslims, and so forth, holding high-level positions
in business, the professions, the civil service, and so forth. From
this perspective, social justice is not simply about the fair
treatment of individuals; it also has an important group-based
element. A just society would be one in which all major groups
were represented in the various social spheres in rough proportion
to their numbers.

15. Multicultural harmony: the Notting Hill Carnival, 1980.

I suggested at the beginning of the chapter that we should not see
feminism and multiculturalism as displacing longer standing
questions of political philosophy, but as posing these questions in
new ways. I hope now to have justiﬁed that remark. Feminists and
multiculturalists teach us to think differently about political
authority, freedom, democracy, and justice, and in particular
challenge us to say how these values are to be realized in societies
that are culturally diverse and in which women expect to be treated
as the equals of men. Their writings enrich political philosophy and
bring it directly into contact with some of the most hotly debated
issues of the present day.
111

Feminism and multiculturalism

This state of affairs should concern us. It is bad both for the groups
in question and indeed for the whole society that their status is low
and that individual members do not seize the opportunities that
they might have taken. Positive discrimination policies may help, by
showing what minority members are capable of once they are given
an initial boost – say a place at a good university. Such people can
act as role models encouraging others to follow their lead. So
perhaps such policies can be justiﬁed, on balance, in terms of their
overall effects (African-Americans probably provide the best
example). But this does not mean that they are required as a matter
of justice, or that groups with low aspirations and low levels of
achievement can be described as victims of injustice on that count
alone. Indeed there may be a real conﬂict of values here – between
treating individuals fairly, and ensuring that ethnic and other
groups are fully integrated into the life of the wider society. I said
near the beginning of the book that political philosophers ought to
resist the temptation, common to politicians, to assume that the
policy they favour involves no sacriﬁce of other values. Here we
ought to conclude that positive discrimination is just only when it is
a matter of ensuring real fairness between individuals – unearthing
genuine merit. If it goes beyond that, and becomes a means of
raising the general standing of one group in relation to others, then
however desirable that may be in general, it is no longer a matter of
justice.

Chapter 7
Nations, states, and
global justice

In the last chapter, we explored some basic questions about the
scope both of political authority and of justice. We asked what made
some human relationships political, and others not, and we asked
whether the idea of justice could be applied to relationships
between men and women in the domestic sphere, and to
relationships between different cultural groups within a society.
This chapter will also be about the scope of politics and justice, but
now we will be looking outwards rather than inwards. We will be
asking whether the political units we are most familiar with –
nation-states – have now outlived their usefulness, and whether we
ought to be thinking of politics as something that takes place on an
international or even global scale. And we will also examine what
justice might mean at a level beyond the nation-state: can we think
in terms of global justice, and if so are the principles that apply at
this level fundamentally different from the ones that apply within
national political communities?
These questions about scope and scale are not just technical. The
way human beings interact with one another changes quite
fundamentally as we move up from small face-to-face groups where
each person knows the others as individuals, to large societies
where our knowledge of most other people is of a general kind – we
know them only as types, or categories – and we gain our knowledge
indirectly, through reports in the media, for instance. It is worth
112

Political philosophy as we understand it today ﬁrst arose in these
small-scale political communities – most notably in classical
Athens. Here the body of citizens was in control of its own destiny,
at least as far as the internal life of the city went, so there was a great
deal of point in asking questions about the best form of
government, about the qualities that good rulers should posses,
about the meaning of justice, and so forth. Perhaps city-states of
this kind provided human beings with the best opportunity they
have ever had to govern themselves well – to achieve freedom,
justice, and democracy. So why have they not survived? The
answer is that city-states like Athens and Siena were always
vulnerable to being captured and absorbed by larger units; they had
constantly to be willing to ﬁght to preserve their independence, and
to do this they had to form shaky alliances with neighbouring cities,
which might succeed for a time, but in the longer term proved
incapable of resisting more centralized empires: Athens succumbed
to Philip of Macedonia, while Siena, after preserving a modicum of
113

Nations, states, and global justice

backtracking a little to look at how the city of Siena functioned in
the days of Lorenzetti, our mural painter. By comparison with the
political units that dominate the world today – nation-states – its
scope was tiny. Beyond the city proper, Siena had jurisdiction over
an area not more than 30 miles in radius from its centre, covering
small towns, villages, and countryside. The total population of this
political unit has been estimated to have reached a maximum of
about 100,000 people before the Black Death struck in 1348; of
these about half lived in the city itself, and only a minority of
residents qualiﬁed for citizenship. So Lorenzetti, whose Allegory of
Good and Bad Government has many features that identify it with
Siena, was portraying a political community whose political leaders
would be known personally to many of the citizens, and who would
be seen from day to day going about their business within the city
walls. The General Council, made up of representatives from each
part of the city, was summoned by a town crier and by the ringing of
a bell. When we describe this as a political community, we mean
exactly what we say.

Political Philosophy

independence by putting itself under the protection of nearby rulers
such as the duke of Milan, was ﬁnally conquered by the Spanish
Emperor Charles V. City-states did not fail because of their internal
deﬁciencies, but because of their external weakness in the face of
invading armies.
The political unit that proved capable of resisting imperial power
while still embodying some of the virtues of the city-state was the
nation-state. This was formed on a much larger scale, involving
millions of people occupying a large geographical area, with the
institutions of the state itself – the parliament, court, government,
military command, etc. – concentrated in the capital city, but it
could still make some claim to be a political community because its
members thought of themselves as belonging to a distinct people or
nation, separate from their neighbours. For this to happen, there
had to be media of communication that brought the many localities
that made up the nation-state into contact with one another, telling
the people in each what the others were thinking and doing. The
historian Benedict Anderson has for this reason called nations
‘imagined communities’: unlike face-to-face communities, their
very existence depends on a collective act of imagination. People
had to learn to see themselves as French, or American, or Japanese,
not just as family members or residents of a particular town.
But do nations really exist? Or are they not just imagined but
entirely imaginary? Is there anything that genuinely differentiates
the people who live on one side of a national boundary from their
counterparts on the other side? Dean Inge once said that ‘a nation is
a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by a common
hatred of its neighbours’. Like most good quotations, this one
contains more than a grain of truth. National identities very often
do emerge out of antagonism towards some neighbouring people:
being British was once very much a matter of not being French, as
today being Scottish is a matter of not being English, and being
Canadian a matter of not being American. Nations also typically
develop myths about themselves – about their unique moral or
114

cultural qualities, about their past military or political (or sporting)
achievements, and so forth. None the less national identity is not
simply illusory and it serves good purposes as well as bad. The
groups we call nations share, in nearly all cases, a common
language, a history of living together over time, and cultural traits
that are expressed not only in literary form but also in the physical
environment – in the way towns and cities are built, in the pattern
of the landscape, in monuments, religious buildings, and the like.
When new generations are brought up in those cultural and
physical surroundings, they cannot help being shaped by this
common heritage – even if they rebel against many aspects of it.

16. Canadians rally for national unity against Quebec separatism,
Montreal 1995.
115

Nations, states, and global justice

The inﬂuence of national culture is particularly strong in the case of
nations that have states of their own, because here cultural
transmission takes places through the laws, the institutions of
government, the education system, and the national media, as well
as through the informal channels just mentioned. Nation and state
reinforce one another – the power of the state is used to strengthen
national identity, while people who are tied together in this way are
more willing to accept a common political authority and rally to its

defence when it is attacked. This explains why nation-states have
proved to be relatively successful as political units: they are large
enough not to be engulfed by imperial armies, yet at the same time
they can call upon the loyalty of their members when resistance is
necessary.

Political Philosophy

There is, of course, a downside to this loyalty. When nation-states
ﬁght one another, as they did in the two world wars of the 20th
century, they can inﬂict death and suffering on a scale that would
have been unthinkable in earlier periods, where wars were most
often fought primarily by mercenary armies in the service of
empires. So to defend the nation-state as a political unit, it is not
enough to highlight its military capacities. We need to say
something more about what can be achieved politically in a society
whose members are held together by a common identity.
Here I want to make two claims. The ﬁrst is that such an identity
makes democratic government very much more likely to work
successfully. Looking back to what was said in Chapter 3, we saw
that one of the great difﬁculties in democratic politics is to reconcile
majorities and minorities – to persuade the minority group to
accept the decision of the majority, while at the same time
persuading the majority not to trample on the wishes or the
interests of the minority but to try to accommodate them when
reaching decisions. I suggested there that one of the factors likely to
encourage what we might call ‘democratic self-restraint’ was trust
between the parties. In a society where people are generally trusting
of others, they are less anxious about ﬁnding themselves in a
minority on some issue, more willing to allow the majority to
implement its decision, on the basis that no very great harm will
come to them. Where trust is absent, or evaporates, by contrast,
every decision becomes potentially a life-and-death issue.
Consider a simple case: suppose that we have a democratic
constitution, and the party we belong to has just been defeated in a
general election. Should we hand over power as the constitution
116

To complete the argument, we need to ask what makes people more
likely to trust others, particular others who are not known to them
personally. Social psychologists who have investigated this question
have found that one important factor is perceived similarity: we are
inclined to trust those who we believe resemble us in one way or
another. It is not difﬁcult to think of explanations for this: it may be
a trait that we have inherited from the early stages of human
evolution, when people cooperated with one another in extended
kin groups, and had to learn how to discriminate between insiders
and outsiders. In large-scale societies, where people may look and
sound very different from one another, trust is a problem. But
national identity can help to solve it: we may disagree politically
with the other side, we may even despise much of what they stand
for, but we know that they still have a good deal in common with
us – a language, a history, a cultural background. So we can trust
them at least to respect the rules and the spirit of democratic
government.
My second claim is about social justice. What makes people willing
to support policies that will promote social justice, particularly
117

Nations, states, and global justice

requires, or should we stage a coup and declare the election null and
void? In handing over the reins of government we are exposing
ourselves to risks of two sorts. The ﬁrst is that our opponents will
use their new-found power to persecute us, or at the very least
introduce discriminatory measures designed to favour their own
supporters. The second is that, despite having come to power
through a democratic election, they will not respect the
constitution, so that by handing power over now, we are forfeiting
the chance of ever wielding it again. (This is not just a theoretical
possibility. It is well known that, in the case of ﬂedgling
democracies, the key moment is not the ﬁrst election, but the point
at which the party that has won the ﬁrst election is defeated and is
required to give up ofﬁce: what will it do?) Whether we are willing
to take that risk depends on how much trust we have in the people
who will now take ofﬁce.

Political Philosophy

when they can see that they will stand to lose when these policies are
implemented? For instance they may have to pay higher taxes to
create the resources that are needed to provide adequate welfare
services for all citizens, whereas it would be cheaper for them to
purchase health care, education, and so forth privately. Or in order
to create equal opportunities for groups that have hitherto lagged
behind, they may have to relinquish some of their existing privileges,
like giving their offspring fast-track access to jobs and college places.
Why might they do this? From a sense of justice or fairness, we
might answer. But again we need to ask: what makes people willing
to deal with others on terms of justice, and to answer this question
we need once again to consider the issue of shared identity.
It is true of course that we recognize some obligations of justice to
people everywhere, regardless of whether we share anything with
them beyond our common humanity. We know that it is wrong to
kill, injure, or imprison them without good cause, and that if they
are in danger or distress we should come to their aid. This common
knowledge can help us make sense of the idea of global justice, as I
shall later show. But social justice imposes much greater demands
on us – in particular it often requires that we accept restrictions
placed on us by principles of equality when we could do better for
ourselves, or our friends and relations, by casting those restrictions
off. No one is killed or injured if we cheat on our taxes or bend the
rules to give a nephew a nice job he doesn’t deserve. So what might
motivate us to accept these demands? As political philosophers like
John Rawls have emphasized, one very important motive is the wish
to live together with people on terms that we can all justify to one
another. In other words, if somebody asks me to explain my
behaviour – explain why what I am doing is acceptable – I can do so
by appealing to principles that she and I can both accept.
The strength of this motive will depend on how closely tied we are
to the other people involved – it is most powerful in small face-toface groups – but national communities provide at least some of the
cement that makes people concerned to live with others on terms of
118

justice. I am not claiming that within existing nations people always
conduct themselves justly – that is far from being the case – but only
that they have a motive to do so, and this makes them more willing
to support policies involving progressive taxation or equal
opportunity legislation of the kind I mentioned earlier.

Nation-states, then, have allowed people to work together
politically on a large scale, achieving democracy and pursuing social
justice with at least partial success, through the creation of common
political identities that can bind people together despite their
conﬂicting beliefs and interests, and their geographical dispersal.
But many now believe that this form of government has become
outmoded. Countless obituaries for the nation-state have already
119

Nations, states, and global justice

People who disagree with these claims linking national identity to
democracy and social justice often point by way of example to
countries such as Belgium, Canada, and Switzerland, which are
multinational – they each contain two or more distinct national
communities – and yet are stable democracies that support
extensive welfare states and other institutions of social justice. In
reply, I want to say two things. First, these states have evolved
federal systems that devolve many important decisions, including
decisions about economic and social policy, to provinces or regions
that encompass different national groups. In Belgium, for example,
Flemings and Walloons have separate governments responsible for
many areas of policy such as employment and housing, alongside
the federal government which deals with Belgium-wide issues such
as defence and foreign policy. Second, most people in these societies
have what we might call ‘nested’ national identities: they think of
themselves both as Flemish and as Belgian, as Quebecois and as
Canadian, and so forth. In other words, they share in an inclusive
national identity as well as in a more localized one, and this helps to
explain why these societies work as effectively as they do – they can
call on common loyalties to support democratic institutions at
national level and to justify redistributing resources from their
richer regions to their poorer ones.

been penned, and we are just waiting, it seems, for the body to
topple conveniently into the grave.

Political Philosophy

Why is the nation-state thought to be obsolescent? Some of the
reasons are internal, having to do with the difﬁculty of sustaining
common national identities in societies that, through immigration
and for other reasons, are becoming increasingly multicultural in
character. Other reasons concern the external environment in
which states now have to operate: their diminished capacity to
control global economic forces, and the widening range of
problems – especially environmental problems – that can only be
solved by cooperation between states or by international bodies.
I do not intend to add anything to the existing ﬂood of literature
on these topics, but instead ask some questions about the kind
of political order that might take the place of the nation-state.
The most favoured alternative is some form of cosmopolitanism.
Cosmopolitanism is in fact a very old idea, dating back to the
Roman Stoics, who liked to think of themselves as kosmopolitai,
‘citizens of the world’. But what exactly does this mean? One
interpretation of cosmopolitanism is world government in a literal
sense – the replacement of the 191 separate states that now exist by
a unitary political authority. But although world government has
been advocated by some, its disadvantages are only too evident.
First, it is very hard to envisage how government on this scale could
possibly be democratic. It would clearly have to work through
elected representatives, each representing millions of people, and so
ordinary citizens would have virtually no opportunity to inﬂuence
or control the government itself. The thrust of my argument in this
chapter is that democracy works best on a small scale: the city-state
was probably its ideal site, and the nation-state’s great achievement
has been to simulate the intimacy of the city by its use of the mass
media, giving people at least a sense that they are involved in, and
able to inﬂuence, political affairs. But world government would
appear a distant and alien body, as even, on a much smaller scale,
120

the European Union does to many people today. And the issue of
trust, highlighted earlier, would emerge with all its force: why
would I regard as legitimate decisions taken by a majority drawn
from communities with which I feel myself to have little in
common?

Finally, if increasing cultural diversity is currently posing problems
for many nation-states, the problems would be far deeper for a
world government that had to embrace the major civilizations that
exist today, each of which would aim to see its values and beliefs
reﬂected in public policy. Indeed there are only two circumstances
in which such a proposal would seem at all feasible. One would be
the emergence of a common global culture that engulfed presentday cultural differences, presumably one based on mass-market
consumerism – the so-called ‘McWorld’ scenario, where everywhere
turns into a kind of giant American shopping mall. The other would
be a wholesale privatization of culture, so that although different
groups in different places pursued their own cultural values, there
would be no expectation that government should take these cultural
values into account (think, by way of analogy, of a society in which
there are no state churches, only churches built and funded by their
own congregations). This is perhaps more plausible (and less
offputting) than the ﬁrst scenario. Yet one of the ﬁercest divisions in
121

Nations, states, and global justice

Second, there is a real risk that a world government might become
tyrannical, and if that were to happen there would be no sanctuary
in which individuals could take refuge. In a world of states, a clear
sign of bad government is a government that has to build walls and
fences to keep its people captive, and where alternatives exist the
walls and fences cannot be kept up indeﬁnitely (the Berlin Wall,
built to prevent the people of East Germany escaping to the West,
lasted for 28 years before it was torn down block by block in 1989).
Despotic governments are kept in check, at least to some degree, by
the possibility of people escaping to places where they can live in
greater freedom and security. But there would be no such check if
world government became a reality.

17. Resisting globalization, US-style: Latvia 1996.

today’s world is between those who are willing to see culture (and
especially religion) privatized in this way, and those who insist that
government policy should be based on their preferred cultural
values.

Cosmopolitanism in its most literal sense is both implausible and
unattractive. But political philosophers sometimes interpret the
idea of world citizenship differently, not as a form of government,
but as a proposal about how individuals should think and behave.
What is being suggested is that we should overcome our narrow
national and other attachments and think of ourselves as if we were
citizens of the world, in other words as people who have equal
responsibilities to our fellow human beings everywhere. From this
perspective, national boundaries are simply arbitrary dividing lines
to which no moral signiﬁcance should be attached. In particular we
should cease to think of justice as something to be pursued
primarily within the limits of the city or the nation; we should give
equal weight to the claims of every human being, regardless of race,
creed, or nationality. So even if political authority remains localized
in particular nation-states, we should use it to promote global
123

Nations, states, and global justice

World government in the literal sense must be distinguished from
the much more modest proposal, favoured by among others the
philosopher Immanuel Kant, that states should enter into a
permanent agreement with one another to renounce the use of
force; there should be a confederation to ensure what Kant called
‘perpetual peace’. We can see this foreshadowed in the relations
between liberal democracies today, which involve a sometimes tacit
and sometimes explicit agreement to settle their differences by
negotiation or by reference to international bodies such as the
European Union or the United Nations. Agreements of this kind, it
is important to emphasize, stabilize relations between states, but
leave states themselves as the main sources of political authority.
And Kant himself favoured this: a single world government, he
thought, would be a ‘universal despotism which saps all man’s
energies and ends in the graveyard of freedom’.

Political Philosophy

justice, ceasing to give any preference to those who fall inside the
political community we happen to belong to.
Cosmopolitans of this stripe often do not deny what was said above
about the relationship between our communal identities and our
willingness to accept obligations of justice to other people. They
may agree that very often people’s sense of justice is powerfully
shaped by their sense of belonging, by the division between those
inside and those outside our political community. But they see this
as a problem to be overcome, not as a permanent limitation. There
are deep issues involved here, about the extent to which human
beings are capable of acting on principles of reason alone, or on the
other hand whether reason has to be allied to feelings and
emotions, our sense of who we are, in order to motivate behaviour.
But rather than grapple with these, I want to signal a couple of
reasons for doubting at least strong versions of ethical
cosmopolitanism, and then propose an alternative way of
understanding global justice.
One of these reasons assumes that we will continue to live in a
culturally divided world – in other words that the ‘McWorld’
scenario I referred to earlier does not come to pass. Culture affects
the way that we understand justice, not perhaps at the most basic
level, but certainly in terms of the kind of demands that can
properly be seen as demands of justice. Religion furnishes some
obvious examples. Suppose someone claims that he has special
needs because of his religious beliefs, or that his opportunities are
being limited by religious practices that he is required to comply
with. How should we regard his claims? If we stand within the
religious tradition to which he belongs, and we accept his
interpretation of that tradition, then we will see his claims as valid
claims of justice. But if we look in from the outside, we are bound
to regard them differently. We might see the claims as having
some weight, but we are also likely to ask whether the tradition
could not be changed so that it becomes less onerous for the
faithful.
124

A second reason has to do with the connection between justice and
reciprocity. The basic idea is simple to state: I behave justly towards
other people in the expectation that they will behave justly towards
me in return. This does not mean that what I do and what they do
will be exactly the same. Our circumstances may be different. But if,
say, I help somebody who is now in need – suppose I come across
somebody who is stranded late at night because she has missed the
last bus home – I do so on the assumption that were I in that
position, she or someone else would do the same for me. Within
political communities, this idea of reciprocity is given concrete
shape through the legal system and other forms of government.
When I obey trafﬁc regulations or pay my taxes, I assume that my
fellow-citizens will also comply, either voluntarily or in order to
avoid legal sanctions. Without this assurance, behaving justly opens
you up to being taken advantage of by those with fewer scruples.
If we apply this thought to cosmopolitan justice, the problem is
obvious. Assuming that I know what justice requires me to do for
someone who belongs to a distant community, what reason do I
125

Nations, states, and global justice

A similar difference of perspective may occur at international level.
Suppose I belong to a predominantly secular society, and am
committed to cosmopolitan principles of justice that require me to
disregard national boundaries. A second society is materially much
poorer than mine, but this is largely because its members devote a
large fraction of their resources to a priestly establishment, claiming
that they have no option but to do so – God has commanded it. How
strong a claim on my resources does a person in that society have?
Should I regard his relative poverty as something he has chosen, for
religious reasons, and therefore as making no special demands on
me, or should I regard the religious expenditure as externally
compelled, and therefore consider his needs as more pressing than
those of people in my own society? The general point is that if
cultural differences have an impact on the way that we understand
justice, then what justice requires across a culturally plural world
becomes indeterminate.

Political Philosophy

have to expect him to reciprocate? How do I know that my
willingness to act justly is not going to be exploited? Of course this
does not prevent me from doing what justice requires, but it does
make it a more costly option. This problem might be avoided if
there were to emerge shared global norms whereby people
everywhere recognized certain situations as making demands of
justice upon them – these have been foreshadowed in a very limited
way in the case of large-scale natural disasters, where it has now
become the norm to organize an international relief effort to bring
help to the victims. So we might move slowly into a world in which
certain forms of just behaviour would be reciprocated. But until
that happens, someone setting out to act on cosmopolitan
principles of justice – in the sense of principles that take no account
of national boundaries or other forms of membership – is behaving
heroically, doing more than she is morally required to do.
This does not mean that there is no justice beyond the boundaries
of the nation-state. There is such a thing as global justice, and it is
an increasingly important factor in world politics, but we should
not understand it, as cosmopolitans do, as simply social justice
stretched out beyond those boundaries to embrace people
everywhere. I want to conclude this chapter, and the book, with
a brief sketch of this non-cosmopolitan alternative. It has three
main elements.
First, there is a set of conditions that deﬁne just terms of interaction
between nation-states. Some of these are already familiar from
handbooks of international law. States must abide by the treaties
and other agreements they have made; they must respect one
another’s territorial integrity; they must not use force against
another state except in self-defence; and so on. But there are other
requirements that are less familiar, and have only recently come to
play a part in the conduct of international relations. These
requirements have to do with the way the costs and beneﬁts of
international cooperation are shared. There are, for instance, a
number of environmental problems whose solution requires
126

nation-states to place constraints on their citizens’ behaviour.
Quotas for the emission of greenhouse gases are one example;
quotas for catching endangered species of ﬁsh are another. The
problem is to decide how these costs should be distributed, and
principles of justice can help to settle this (unfortunately the answer
is often not clear-cut – different principles can reasonably be called
into play – which inevitably leaves space for power politics to
intrude).

Second, global justice involves respecting and protecting the human
rights of people everywhere, including, if necessary, challenging the
authority of states that violate these rights. I looked at the idea of
human rights in some detail in Chapter 4, and I argued there that
we need to draw a line between basic human rights – rights to those
conditions that human beings everywhere need if they are to live
minimally decent lives – and the longer lists of rights that appear in
many human rights documents, which are better understood as
rights that particular political communities should secure to their
citizens. This distinction is important here, because from the
perspective of global justice it is only protection of the basic rights
that matters. We should not intervene in other states simply
because they fail to recognize rights that we think are important,
such as rights to universal suffrage or unlimited religious freedom
(we may encourage such states to implement rights on the longer
127

Nations, states, and global justice

There are also important issues concerning the terms of
international trade. Rich and powerful countries are currently able
to set these terms in such a way as to leave them free to export their
products to less developed countries, while imposing barriers to
protect their own farmers that make it difﬁcult for producers in
those countries to export their crops. There are arguments for, and
arguments against, leaving international markets completely free,
but what justice requires is that whatever restrictions are imposed
on trade should be ones that give people in poor countries the same
set of economic opportunities as their counterparts in rich
countries.

Political Philosophy

list by offering them inducements of various kinds – for instance
membership in international bodies such as the European Union –
but we should not to try to enforce them).
Why do human rights impose obligations of justice on us regardless
of national or other cultural boundaries? On the one hand, they
mark out genuinely universal features of human existence that
transcend cultural differences. You and I may reasonably disagree
about the importance of religious belief and practice, but we cannot
reasonably disagree about whether someone who is being tortured
or allowed to starve to death is being harmed. So the argument I
presented earlier about why ideas of social justice are not cultural
universals does not apply here. On the other hand, human rights
carry great moral weight. They correspond to the most serious
kinds of harm that can befall a person. So they override our
concerns about fairness and reciprocity. This difference is
something that we instinctively recognize. If someone who is not in
serious need asks me for my help – let us say requests a lift down to
the station – then I am likely to consider whether he is taking
advantage of my good nature or whether he would be willing to do
the same for me on another occasion. But if he has been seriously
injured in an accident, all that matters is that I am in a position to
help him. Protecting human rights corresponds to the second case.
If they are not protected, people will suffer or die. So anyone who
can help must do so as a matter of justice.
The third requirement of global justice is that people everywhere
should have the opportunity to be politically autonomous; that all
political communities should enjoy rights of self-determination.
This does not mean that every nation must have its own
independent state. In some cases people are intermingled
geographically in such a way that this simple formula for selfdetermination cannot be applied. None the less, there are forms of
self-determination that can be used in such cases, such as the
power-sharing agreement between Protestants and Catholics in
Northern Ireland that is proceeding in ﬁts and starts as this book is
128

18. Universal human rights: actors Julie Christie and Cy Grant marking UN Human
Rights Day.

Political Philosophy

being written. What can frustrate the search for self-government?
Either the political ambitions of neighbouring states who want to
impose a form of imperial rule on the community in question, or an
economic position that is so precarious that the community is given
no real choices to make. In either case, other nations have a
responsibility to work together to create the conditions under which
self-determination is possible.
Why is this a matter of justice? In my argument against political
cosmopolitanism, I emphasized how important it is to many groups
that they should be allowed to express their cultural traditions
politically, and this can only be done if they enjoy political
self-determination. Even liberal societies attach great value to
national self-determination, and only relinquish their rights of
sovereignty with great reluctance. This is evidence of the strong
need people have to feel in control of their own destiny, even those
who are not active participants in democratic government. If these
observations are accurate, then being denied the opportunity for
self-determination is a serious loss, one great enough to impose
obligations of justice on others.
If global justice along these lines were achieved, the world would
look something like this: political authority would rest primarily
with nation-states, but they would collaborate to ensure that the
costs and beneﬁts of international cooperation were fairly
distributed. Each political community would govern itself
according to its own political traditions, and schemes of social
justice would likewise vary somewhat from place to place. But
everywhere human rights would be respected, and in cases where
they were threatened, either by natural disasters such as drought or
by oppressive regimes, other states would work together to ward off
the threat. Some states would be richer than others: this would not
be unjust provided that it resulted from political choices and
cultural decisions rather than from economic exploitation. Some
states would also be more democratic than others, but even those
peoples who did not control their governors directly would identify
130

with their government and feel that it represented their interests
and values.

We have come a long way from the picture of good government in a
city-state of 100,000 people. It is harder for us than it was for
Lorenzetti to describe the conditions under which people can till
the ground, trade, hunt, teach, and dance in relative peace and
security – or on the other hand to describe how tyranny and
oppression bring devastation and slaughter in their wake. Our
politics is conducted on a much larger scale, and at many different
levels. It is much more difﬁcult to connect cause and effect, and
therefore to assign responsibility for political success or failure. Yet
there are elements in Lorenzetti’s picture that are as relevant to us
now as they were in 14th-century Siena: the difference between
legitimate political authority and tyranny; the relationship between
government and its citizens; the nature of justice. These questions
131

Nations, states, and global justice

Such a world is very different from our own. It is what John Rawls
in his book The Law of Peoples called a ‘realistic utopia’ – an ethical
vision that stretches the bounds of political possibility as far as they
can be stretched without becoming pure pie-in-the-sky. Are we
likely to get there? Many current observers of the international
scene foresee a kind of market triumphalism, in which global
economic forces prevent any nation-state from making real
political choices. Self-determination becomes meaningless if the
only option is to adopt policies that ensure maximum economic
competitiveness. But, as I said in Chapter 1, this form of fatalism
looks no better grounded than previous forms that we now regard
as antiquated. In any case, if there really are no political choices left
for us to make, then political philosophy, whether national or
international in focus, becomes useless, nothing more than ﬁddling
while Rome burns. Everything I have said in this book assumes that
the choice between good and bad government is always one we have
to make, even if the form that good government takes changes as
technology advances and societies become larger and more
complex.

Political Philosophy

remain at the heart of political philosophy, and it is at precisely
those moments when we feel that humanity’s future is slipping out
of our control that we need to think about them long and hard, and
then decide, together, what to do.

132

Further reading

General reading
For readers who want to explore the topics covered in this book in
greater depth, several textbooks on political philosophy can be
recommended:
Jonathan Wolff, An Introduction to Political Philosophy (Oxford
University Press, 1996).
Adam Swift, Political Philosophy: A Beginners’ Guide for Students and
Politicians (Polity Press, 2001).
Will Kymlicka, Contemporary Political Philosophy, 2nd edn. (Oxford
University Press, 2002).
Dudley Knowles, Political Philosophy (Routledge, 2001).
Gerald Gaus, Political Concepts and Political Theories (Westview Press,
2000).
Robert Goodin and Philip Pettit, A Companion to Contemporary
Political Philosophy (Blackwell, 1993).
The history of political philosophy poses greater problems. Perhaps
because of the huge weight of historical scholarship that has
accumulated, academics today are deterred from writing single-author
overviews of the subject. Two introductory multi-author books are
David Muschamp (ed.), Political Thinkers (Macmillan, 1986) and Brian
Redhead (ed.), Political Thought from Plato to Nato (Penguin, 1995);
these treat individual political philosophers in historical sequence. Two
133

studies which use historical ﬁgures to illustrate general themes in
political philosophy are Jonathan Wolff’s book referred to above and
John Morrow, History of Political Thought (Macmillan 1998). For an
in-depth treatment of political thought from Hobbes onwards, see Iain
Hampsher-Monk, A History of Modern Political Thought (Blackwell,
1992). For short accounts of both major and minor ﬁgures in the history
of political thought, see my Blackwell Encyclopaedia of Political
Thought, co-edited with Janet Coleman, William Connolly, and Alan
Ryan (Blackwell, 1987).

Political Philosophy

Chapter 1
Lorenzetti’s frescos are reproduced and discussed in Randolph Starn,
Ambrogio Lorenzetti: The Palazzo Pubblico, Siena (Braziller, 1994).
They can also be viewed on the internet at http://www.kfki.hu/arthp/
html/l/lorenzet/ambrogio/governme/index.html. In interpreting the
frescos, I have been much helped by Quentin Skinner’s essays on
Lorenzetti, which are reproduced in his Visions of Politics, ii
(Cambridge University Press, 2002).
Marx’s theory that politics is largely determined by a society’s form of
material production can be found in The Communist Manifesto and the
preface to A Critique of Political Economy, both of which are
reproduced in standard selections from Marx such as Karl Marx:
Selected Writings, ed. D. McLellan (Oxford University Press, 1977). The
‘end of history’ thesis was popularized in Francis Fukuyama, The End of
History and the Last Man (Hamish Hamilton, 1992).
For Hobbes and Plato, see respectively Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan, ed.
R. Tuck (Cambridge University Press, 1991) and Plato, The Republic,
available in many translations including that of H. D. P. Lee (Penguin,
1955) – the simile of the cave can be found in book 7.
For the contrast between ancient and modern forms of democracy, see
Sanford Lakoff, Democracy: History, Theory, Practice (Westview Press,
1996).
134

Chapter 2
The most accessible discussion of political authority that I know of is
April Carter, Authority and Democracy (Routledge & Kegan Paul,
1979). More advanced is Leslie Green, The Authority of the State
(Clarendon Press, 1998).
Hobbes’s description of life without political authority is in his
Leviathan, ed. Richard Tuck (Cambridge University Press, 1991),
ch. 13; the passage cited occurs on p. 89. A good introduction to his
thought is Richard Tuck, Hobbes (Oxford University Press,
1989).

On public goods, and the question whether political authority is needed
to provide them, see David Schmidtz, The Limits of Government
(Westview Press, 1991).
The problem of political obligation is discussed by John Horton in
Political Obligation (Macmillan, 1992). The most persuasive case for
the fair-play argument is to be found in G. Klosko, The Principle of
Fairness and Political Obligation (Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 1992); it
is criticized, along with the consent argument, in A. John Simmons,
Moral Principles and Political Obligations (Princeton University
Press, 1979).
The grounds for civil disobedience are discussed in Peter Singer,
Democracy and Disobedience (Oxford University Press, 1973).
135

Further reading

I have discussed anarchism at greater length in Anarchism (Dent,
1984). The best known communitarian anarchist was the Russian
Prince Peter Kropotkin – see for instance his The Conquest of Bread and
Other Writings, ed. M. Shatz (Cambridge University Press, 1995). The
most important work of libertarian political philosophy is Robert
Nozick, Anarchy, State and Utopia (Blackwell, 1974), though note that
Nozick ends up by defending the minimal state rather than anarchy.
For a good discussion see Jonathan Wolff, Robert Nozick (Polity Press,
1991).

Chapter 3
John Locke’s critique of Hobbes can be found in his Two Treatises of
Government, ed. P. Laslett (Cambridge University Press, 1988). The
quotation is from the Second Treatise, ch. 7, p. 328.
The Schumpeter quotation comes from Joseph Schumpeter,
Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy, ed. T. Bottomore (Allen &
Unwin, 1976), p. 262.

Political Philosophy

The Rousseau quotation comes from Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social
Contract, ed. C. Frankel (Hafner, 1947), p. 85.
On democracy in general, see Ross Harrison, Democracy (Routledge,
1993) and Albert Weale, Democracy (Macmillan, 1999). For the
pluralist approach, see Robert Dahl, Democracy and its Critics (Yale
University Press, 1989). For a defence of popular participation in
politics, see Benjamin Barber, Strong Democracy (University of
California Press, 1984) and John Burnheim, Is Democracy Possible?
(Polity Press, 1985).
For evidence about how ordinary citizens might perform if asked to
make political decisions, see Anna Coote and Jo Lenaghan, Citizens’
Juries (IPPR, 1997) and James Fishkin, The Voice of the People (Yale
University Press, 1995).
On the role of constitutions, see Geoffrey Marshall, Constitutional
Theory (Clarendon Press, 1971).

Chapter 4
John Stuart Mill’s On Liberty is included in Utilitarianism; On Liberty;
Considerations on Representative Government, ed. A. D. Lindsay (Dent,
1964). The quotations in this chapter are from pp. 125 and 138.
I have collected together what I regard as the best essays on the concept
of liberty, including Isaiah Berlin’s, in Liberty (Oxford University Press,
136

1991). Other good treatments are Tim Gray, Freedom (Macmillan, 1991)
and Adam Swift, Political Philosophy (Polity Press, 2001), part 2.
Mill’s principle of liberty has been much discussed. Recommended
books include C. L. Ten, Mill on Liberty (Clarendon Press, 1980) and
Joel Feinberg, Harm to Others (Oxford University Press, 1984).
For discussion of the issues of free speech raised by the controversy
surrounding Salman Rushdie’s The Satanic Verses, see Bhikhu Parekh
(ed.), Free Speech (Commission for Racial Equality, 1990) and Bhikhu
Parekh, Rethinking Multiculturalism (Macmillan, 2000), ch. 10.

Chapter 5
St Augustine’s remark about justice comes from The City of God against
the Pagans, ed. R. W. Dyson (Cambridge University Press, 1998), p. 139.
I have analysed the idea of justice at greater length in Principles of
Social Justice (Harvard University Press, 1999) – this focuses on the
principles of equality, desert, and need. A good discussion of different
theories of justice can be found in Tom Campbell, Justice, 2nd edn.
(Macmillan, 2001), as well as in the general textbooks by Kymlicka and
Swift listed above. For the idea that different principles of justice apply
in different contexts, see especially Michael Walzer, Spheres of Justice: A
Defence of Pluralism and Equality (Basic Books, 1983).
A good selection of recent writing by political philosophers on equality
is Matthew Clayton and Andrew Williams (eds.), The Ideal of Equality
(Macmillan, 2000).
137

Further reading

The development of the idea of natural rights is traced in Richard Tuck,
Natural Rights Theories: Their Origins and Development (Cambridge
University Press, 1979). For analysis of the more recent idea of human
rights, see James Nickel, Making Sense of Human Rights (University of
California Press, 1987) and Henry Shue, Basic Rights (Princeton
University Press, 1996).

Hayek’s critique of social justice can be found in Friedrich Hayek, Law,
Legislation and Liberty, vol. ii. The Mirage of Social Justice (Routledge
& Kegan Paul, 1976).
Evidence about communities and societies that have tried to dispense
with material incentives is presented in Charles Erasmus, In Search of
the Common Good: Utopian Experiments Past and Future (Free Press,
1977).

Political Philosophy

John Rawls’s masterwork is A Theory of Justice, ﬁrst published in 1971
(revised edn., Harvard University Press, 1999), but a shorter and more
accessible version of his theory can be found in Justice as Fairness: A
Restatement, ed. E Kelly (Harvard University Press, 2001).
For an accessible introduction to the idea of market socialism, see Julian
Le Grand and Saul Estrin (eds.), Market Socialism (Clarendon Press,
1989).

Chapter 6
Both feminism and multiculturalism are discussed at length in Will
Kymlicka, Contemporary Political Philosophy, 2nd edn. (Oxford
University Press, 2002). There are many anthologies of feminist
political thought, including Alison Jaggar and Iris Marion Young (eds.),
A Companion to Feminist Philosophy (Blackwell, 1998) and Anne
Phillips (ed.), Feminism and Politics (Oxford University Press, 1998).
On multiculturalism, see Will Kymlicka, Multicultural Citizenship
(Clarendon Press, 1995), Bhikhu Parekh, Rethinking Multiculturalism
(Macmillan, 2000), and for a critique, Brian Barry, Culture and
Equality (Polity Press, 2001).
For the claim that in debates about political power and authority, the
power of men over women has remained unacknowledged, see
especially Carole Pateman, The Sexual Contract (Polity Press, 1988). For
analysis of how political philosophers have regarded women in the past,
see Susan Okin, Women in Western Political Thought (Virago, 1980).
138

The quotation from John Stuart Mill comes from The Subjection of
Women in John Stuart Mill and Harriet Taylor, Essays on Sex Equality,
ed. A Rossi (University of Chicago Press, 1970), p. 148. The question
whether there are essential differences between men’s and women’s
nature is discussed in Deborah Rhode (ed.), Theoretical Perspectives on
Sexual Difference (Yale University Press, 1990).
The feminist case against pornography is powerfully stated in Catherine
MacKinnon, Only Words (Harper Collins, 1994).
For discussion about why and how women and cultural minorities
should be included in democratic politics, see Anne Phillips, The Politics
of Presence (Clarendon Press, 1995) and Iris Marion Young, Inclusion
and Democracy (Oxford University Press, 2000).

For those wanting to investigate the philosophical issues posed by
afﬁrmative action policies, a good place to start is Stephen Cahn, The
Afﬁrmative Action Debate, 2nd edn. (Routledge, 2002). See also Ronald
Dworkin’s essays collected in A Matter of Principle (Clarendon Press,
1986), part v.

Chapter 7
Benedict Anderson’s inﬂuential idea of nations as imagined
communities is developed in Imagined Communities: Reﬂections on the
Origins and Spread of Nationalism, revised edn. (Verso, 1991). For
contrasting interpretations of nationalism as a sociological
phenomenon, see Ernest Gellner, Nations and Nationalism (Blackwell,
1983) and Anthony Smith, National Identity (Penguin, 1991).
My claim that national identity supports democracy and social justice is
spelt out at greater length in On Nationality (Clarendon Press, 1995).
For the argument that nationalism need not be detrimental to liberal
139

Further reading

On justice within the family, see especially Susan Moller Okin, Justice,
Gender and the Family (Basic Books, 1989).

values, see Yael Tamir, Liberal Nationalism (Princeton University Press,
1993).
Cosmopolitan political ideas are defended by David Held in Democracy
and the Global Order (Polity, 1995). Cosmopolitan principles of justice
are advocated in Charles Beitz, Political Theory and International
Relations (new edn., Princeton University Press, 1999), Thomas Pogge,
Realizing Rawls (Cornell University Press, 1989), and Charles Jones,
Global Justice: Defending Cosmopolitanism (Oxford University Press,
1999).

Political Philosophy

Michael Walzer defends the view that ‘thicker’ principles of justice apply
within national communities than across the world as a whole in Thick
and Thin: Moral Argument at Home and Abroad (University of Notre
Dame Press, 1994).
Immanuel Kant’s essay ‘Perpetual Peace’ is included in Kant’s Political
Writings, ed. H. Reiss (Cambridge University Press, 1971). The quoted
sentence in on p. 114.
For John Rawls’s vision of a just world order as a ‘realistic utopia’ see
The Law of Peoples (Harvard University Press, 1999).

140

Index

Catherine the Great 9
Catholicism 56, 128
cave allegory (Plato) 11–13
centrally planned economies
87
charity 81
Charles I, King 9
chauvinism 93
China 6, 7, 19, 39, 87
choice 16–17
and consent 32–3
freedom of 98–100
and personal freedom 56,
57–9, 61–3
citizen’s juries 47, 48
citizenship:
active 48, 71
moral principles and 46
needs 81–2
political apathy 47–8
and political decisions 40–1,
43, 47
preferences of 43–5, 50
private sphere 67–8
rights of 71–3, 87, 89, 127
world 123
city-states 113–14, 120
civil disobedience 35–6, 45
civil service 21
civil war 9, 10, 21–2, 23
Communist Manifesto, The 11
communitarianism 23, 25–7,
86–7
compensation 84
compulsive disorders 62
computer technology 40, 73
consent 32–3
constitutional rights 50–1, 52,
53, 73, 105

A
abortion 46, 105
absolutism 9, 37–8
abstract ideas 10–11
accountability 38, 71, 104
active citizenship 48
addiction 62, 67
afﬁrmative action 108
alcoholism 67
Alexander the Great 9
anarchism 21, 25–9
Anderson, Benedict 114
antisocial behaviour 26
arbitration services 28
aristocracy 16, 38
Aristotle 9
army 21
Athenian democracy 16
Athens 113
Augustine, St 74
autonomy 128, 130

B
Belgium 119
beneﬁts, state 19
Berlin, Isaiah 61, 64
Biblical authority 10
blasphemy laws 102

C
Canada 119
cannabis legalization 43
capitalism 6–7
Carlyle, Thomas 10–11
141

on individual freedom 102
majority/minority 52–3
distributive justice 85–6
divine right of kings 37
domestic justice 105–8
dress codes 100, 101

Political Philosophy

contraception 105
contracts 84, 85
cooperation, intercommunal
25–7
corruption 6
cosmopolitanism 120–32
countryside 2
criminal justice 79
Cromwell, Oliver 9
Cuba 87
cultural minorities see
minority groups
culture:
global 8, 121, 123, 124–5
national 115–16

E
East Germany 121
economic growth 13–14
economic systems 7, 8
education 19, 28, 63, 68, 70, 85
elected representatives see
politicians
elections 33, 40, 71
campaign spending limits 46
democratic self-restraint
116–17
voter apathy 47, 48
elective aristocracy 41, 43
electronic surveillance 73
‘end of history’ thesis 8
Engels, Friedrich 11
English Civil War 9, 10, 21–2
environmental:
international cooperation
126–7
organizations 8
protection 29
equality 50, 76, 77, 86
justice and 80–2
of opportunity 89–90, 108–9
political rights 38
ethnic minorities 100–1
positive discrimination and
108–9, 111
European Union 121, 123,
128

D
death penalty 42
democracy 10, 16, 37–40
city-states 113–14, 120
and civil disobedience
36
feminism 102–5
and human rights 71–3
majority/minority 44–5,
48–53, 116
multiculturalism 102–5
political judgement 40–6
and shared identity 116–19
desert 82–4, 87, 90 see also
social justice
determinism 6–7
developing world 8
Diderot, Denis 9
difference principle 89–90
discrimination 94, 104
discussion 46
citizen’s juries 47
142

F
fairness 33–5, 41–2, 107–8, 111,
128
family life 106–8
famine 6
fascism 6, 7
fatalism 7–8, 131
federalism 51, 119
feminism:
democracy and 102–5
freedom of choice 98–100
and justice 105–11
limits of freedom 101–2
political authority 92–7
ﬁsh quotas 127
fox-hunting debate 42, 44–5,
51–2, 52
freedom 8, 14, 52
of expression 65–6, 101–2
extent of options for 57–8, 61
feminist challenge to
98–100
governments and 61, 62–3
human rights and 70–2
limits to 58–9, 63–8, 101–2
of movement 70
multicultural challenge to
100–1
of thought 71
French Revolution 10, 72
full employment 14

H
harmful behaviour 65
hate speech 65–6
Hayek, Friedrich 85–6, 89
Healey, Denis 90
health insurance 28, 59
healthcare 14, 19, 68, 81, 85
Hobbes, Thomas 9, 10, 11, 24
absolute monarchy 37–8
obedience to political
authority 35
power struggles 95
restrictions to personal
freedom 58
state of nature 21–3, 28,
32
Holocaust 6
homosexuality 46

G
gender differences 99–100,
106–8
143

Index

gene ownership 73
Germany 6
global culture 8, 121, 123,
124
global justice 118, 123–32
globalization 7–8, 120, 121,
122
government:
good 5, 16, 74–91, 131
and human rights 70
limited 55–73
and personal freedom 61,
62–3, 67–8, 72–3
social distribution 59, 85
social justice 81–2, 84–91
world 120–1
Great Leap Forward (1956–61)
6
greenhouse gas emissions
127

exclusion 26
expert opinion 43, 47

Political Philosophy

human rights 8, 70–2, 127–8,
130
humanitarian aid 126

Justinian, Emperor 76–7

I

Kant, Immanuel 123
kibbutzim 87
knowledge 11–13

K

idiotes 48
‘imagined communities’
114
immigration 120
incentives 86–7, 89
income inequality 89–90
individualism 8, 14, 56, 92
inequality:
ethnic minorities 93–4
gender 106–8
income 89–90
and justice 82–4
women 93–4
Inge, Dean 114
inheritance 90
international law 126–7
internet access 73
interventionism 8
Islamic societies 72

L
law 14, 79, 102
obedience of the 20–1
and political obligation 31–5
restrictions to personal
freedom 58
legal system 16, 21, 26
Leviathan (Hobbes) 9, 10, 11,
21–3
liberalism 8, 55–73
limited government 55–73
literacy 16
living standards 6, 14, 70
lobby groups 40, 45–6
Locke, John 32–3, 37, 70
Lorenzetti, Ambrogio 1–5, 55,
56, 74, 75, 76, 81, 113,
131

J
judgement, political 41–6
justice 1, 2
contextualism of 77–84
cultural differences 124–5
desert 82–4
equality 76, 77, 80–2
feminism and
multiculturalism 105–11
global 123–32
Justinian’s formula for 76–7
reciprocity 125 see also social
justice

M
Machiavelli, Niccolo 9
majority/minority 44–5, 48–9,
116
Mao Zedong 6, 39
market anarchists 27–9
market economy 27–9, 86, 87,
89, 90–1, 127
marriage 70
Marx, Karl 11, 91
Marxism 6–7, 86
144

P
Pankhurst, Emmeline 96
peace agreements 123
penal system 42, 58, 76
perceived similarity 117
‘perpetual peace’ (Kant) 123
personal choice 16–17
personal protection 27–8
pessimism 22–3
Plato 11–13
pluralism 45
police 21, 27–8
political authority 19–36, 130
absolute monarchy as 38
alternatives to 23, 25–9
civil disobedience 35–6
feminist challenge to 94–7
problem of political
obligation 31–5
political correctness 102
political judgement 40–6
political liberties 87, 89
political obligation problem
31–5
politicians 9
goals 13–14
political judgement of 43–4,
46
Rousseau’s view of 48
socially unrepresentative
43–4, 102, 104
pornography 101–2
positive discrimination 105,
108–11
positive liberty 16
power 9, 22–3, 40, 94–5
priests 20
private sphere 67–8, 94, 98

N
nation-states 113, 114–20,
126–7, 130
national identity 114–20
natural rights 70
Nazism 6
need 81–2, 84, 86, 87, 90, 124
negative liberty 16
neighbourliness 23
Northern Ireland 128

O
offensive behaviour 65–6,
101–2
options 57–8, 61–3
145

Index

mass communication 16, 114
media 16, 46, 101
Medicis 9
mercenaries 116
meritocracy 108, 109
Mill, John Stuart 17, 69, 93
gender differences 99–100
on individual freedom 56,
63, 65, 66, 67, 68, 101
minority groups 17, 44–6, 53,
92–4, 100–1
minority/majority 44–5,
48–53, 116
monarchy 5, 10, 16, 19–20,
37–8
moral incentives 87
moral principles 41–2, 46–7
mortality 14
motivation 86–7, 89, 118–19
multiculturalism 92–4, 100–2,
102–11, 120
mutual respect 53, 54

Political Philosophy

reproductive rights 105
Republic (Plato) 11
republicanism 3
resource distribution 59, 85–7,
89
restitution 84
revolutions 7
right to bear arms 73
Romanticism 56
Rousseau, Jean-Jacques 10–11,
16, 38, 48, 49
Rushdie, Salman 102
Russia 7, 9

privatization of culture 121,
123
production 6–7
productivity 89, 90
promises 84
property 106
mutual right of 21
ownership 90
states protection of 32–3, 34
theft 85
proportional representation
104
proportionality 77, 78
protective agencies 27–8
Protestantism 56, 128
public broadcasting 29
public goods 29
punishment 42, 81, 83, 95

S
Satanic Verses, The (Rushdie)
102, 103
Schumpeter, Joseph 40–1, 43
self-determination 128, 130,
131
self-regarding behaviour 65–7,
73, 98
Siena 1, 3, 113–14
slaves 16
social contract 70
Social Contract, The
(Rousseau) 10, 11, 38
social distribution 59, 85–6
social diversity 62–3
social justice 35, 78, 81–3,
84–9
feminist and multiculturalist
challenges to 105–11
Rawls’s theory of 89–90
shared identity and 118–19
social sciences 15
socialist societies 7
Soviet Union 61

R
racism 65, 66
random methods of justice
79–80
Rawls, John 88–9, 118, 131
reciprocal justice 125
reciprocity 128
redistribution of wealth 90
referenda 40
Reformation 56
relevant justice 77, 78
religion:
cosmopolitanism and 124–5
and personal freedom 100
and politics 10
religious freedom 51, 56, 62,
66, 70, 71, 127
religious groups 102, 105
and social justice 86–7
146

totalitarianism 61
tribal societies 19
trust:
cooperation and 22–3
mutual respect 54
and perceived similarity
116–17
truth 15
tyranny 2, 6, 121, 131

special rights 53
Stalin, Joseph 61
state 5, 19–36
globalization and 7–8
imposition of political
authority 27, 29, 31
modern 20
national identity and 114–19
protection of property 32–3,
34
state of nature 22–3, 24, 28,
32, 37
Stoicism 120
substantive fairness 35, 81
suffragettes 96
Switzerland 119

U
United Nations 70, 123
United States 73
Universal Declaration of
Human Rights (1948) 70,
71
universal suffrage 71, 102, 127
universal truth 15

T

V
village elders 19

W
warfare 21, 116
wealth 16, 90
welfare state 67–8, 90
women see feminism
world government 120–3

147

Index

taxation 29, 68, 106, 119
difference principle 90
fairness 34
political authority and 21,
27
political judgement and
41–2
political obligation problem
31
terrorism 8
theft 85

