Christian Art: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley

COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood

HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI
Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS
Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue

POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
THE PRESOCRATICS
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN
Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN
John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIANITY
Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM
Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard

FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Habermas Gordon Finlayson
HIEROGLYPHS
Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS
Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies
Myth Robert Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Beth Williamson

CHRISTIAN ART
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford ox2 6dp
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi Kuala Lumpur
Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi New Delhi Taipei Toronto
Shanghai
With offices in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan South Korea Poland Portugal
Singapore Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Beth Williamson, 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2004
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Williamson, Beth
Christian art / Beth Williamson
(Very short introductions)
Includes bibliographical references.
1. Christian art and symbolism. I. Title. II. Series.
N7830.W54 2004 700'.4823—dc22 2004049288
ISBN 0–19–280328–X
3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by Refine Catch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Contents

List of illustrations

viii

List of diagrams xi
Introduction

1
2
3
4
5
6

1

The Virgin Mary 15
The body of Christ
The saints

34

48

Images and narrative 66
Christian art transformed: the Reformation 90
Christian art around the turn of the second
millennium 110
Glossary 119
References

121

Further reading 122
Index

125

List of illustrations

1

The Good Shepherd,
Rome, Catacomb of
Marcellinus and Peter,
4th century

5

Photo: © Pontiﬁcal Commission
for Sacred Archaeology, Rome

2 Procession with Bishop
Maximianus and
Emperor Justinian,
Ravenna, S. Vitale,
c. 548
8
Photo: © Alinari Archives,
Florence

3 El Greco (Domenikos
Theotokopoulos), St Luke
Painting the Virgin,
Athens, Benaki Museum,
c. 1560–7(?)
11
Photo: © Benaki Museum, Athens

4 Clarisse Master, Virgin
and Child, London,
National Gallery,
c. 1265–75
17
Photo: © National Gallery,
London

5 Dante Gabriel Rossetti,
The Girlhood of Mary
Virgin, London, Tate
Gallery, 1849
23
Photo: © Tate, London, 2004

6 Jean Pucelle, The
Annunciation and The
Betrayal of Christ from
The Hours of Jeanne
d’Evreux, New York, The
Metropolitan Museum of
Art, The Cloisters
Collection, Purchase
1954, MS. 54.1.2, fos. 15v
and 16r, c. 1325
26
Photo: © All rights reserved, The
Metropolitan Museum of Art,
New York

7 Diego Velázquez, Virgin
of the Immaculate
Conception, London,
National Gallery,
c. 1618
30
Photo: © Corbis

8 The Virgin of Guadalupe
(festive car decoration),
Mexico City, 1989
32

14

Photo: © Liba Taylor/Corbis

9 Matthias Grünewald, The
Isenheim Altarpiece,
Colmar, Unterlinden
Museum, c. 1510
38

Anonymous Bohemian
painter, diptych with The
Virgin and Child and The
Man of Sorrows,
Karlsruhe, Kunsthalle,
c. 1350
44

15

Israhel van Meckenem,
Mass of St Gregory,
London, British
Museum,1490s
46

16

17

The Shrine of St Edward
the Confessor from La
Estoire de Seint Aedward
le Rei, Cambridge
University Library, MS.
Ee.3.59, f.30,
c. 1255–60
50
18
Simone Martini, St Louis
of Toulouse, Naples,
Museo Nazionale di
Capodimonte, c. 1317 53
Photo: © Dagli Orti/The Art
Archive

The Woman of the
Apocalypse and St
Michael Killing the
Dragon from The Morgan
Apocalypse, New York,
Pierpont Morgan
Library, MS. M. 524, f. 8v,
c. 1255–60
71
Photo: © Pierpont Morgan
Library, New York, 2003/©
Scala, Florence

Photo: © The Syndics of
Cambridge University Library

13

Caravaggio (Michelangelo
Merisi), The Martyrdom
of St Matthew, Rome, S.
Luigi dei Francesi,
Contarelli chapel,
1600
63
Photo: © Bridgeman Art Library

Photo: © The British Museum

12

Hans Memling, Altarpiece
of St John the Baptist and
St John the Evangelist
(open state), Bruges,
Memling Museum –
Hospital of St John,
1479
57
Photo: © Bridgeman Art
Library

Photo: © National Gallery of Art,
Karlsruhe

11

54

Photo: © Dagli Orti/The Art
Archive

Photo: © O. Zimmerman/
Unterlinden Museum, Colmar

10

Simone Martini,
Funeral of St Louis,
(detail of ﬁg. 13)

The Cruciﬁxion, from the
Biblia Pauperum,
London, British Library
(Blockbook C.9 d.2),
c. 1470
75
Photo: © The British Library

19

The Master of the Legend
of St Francis, The
Apparition at Arles and
The Stigmatisation of St
Francis, Assisi, S.
Francesco, Upper Church,
1290s(?)
86
Photo: © Dennis Marsico/Corbis

20 The Master of the Legend
of St Francis, view of bay
with The Death of Francis,
Visions of the Death of
Francis, and The
Veriﬁcation of the Stigmata,
Assisi, S. Francesco,
Upper Church,
1290s(?)
87
Photo: © Bridgeman Art Library

23 Hans Holbein the
Younger, The Old Law
and New Law, Edinburgh,
National Gallery of
Scotland, 1530s
98
Photo: © Bridgeman Art Library

24 Peter Paul Rubens, The
Real Presence of the
Eucharist, Antwerp,
Church of St Paul,
1609–10
104
Photo: © Church of Saint Paul,
Antwerp

25

Rembrandt van Rijn, The
Return of the Prodigal
Son, St Petersburg,
Hermitage, c. 1666–8 108
Photo: © Bridgeman Art Library

21

Lucas Cranach the Elder,
Last Supper Altarpiece,
Church of St Marien,
Wittenberg, 1547
94
Photo: © Bridgeman Art Library

26 Andres Serrano, Piss
Christ, 1987
115
© The Artist. Photo: © Paula
Cooper Gallery, New York

22 Hans Holbein the
Younger, The Selling of
Indulgences, Basle,
Öffentliche
Kunstsammlung,
c. 1522–3
96–7
Photo: © Prints Department,
Public Art Collection, Basel

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

List of diagrams

I

The Isenheim Altarpiece, three states (after Ruth
Melinkoff ) 39

II

Layout of wall paintings in Old St Peter’s 78

III Layout of Assisi frescoes (after John White) 84

This page intentionally left blank

Introduction

Unlike other terms that might be used to categorize art, ‘Christian
art’ is unusual in that it does not describe art of a particular style,
period, or region, but art for a particular range of purposes, which
encompasses a wide range of forms and styles. Because of this the
range of material that could be covered in a book on the subject is
potentially vast. I have chosen to focus only on pictorial art –
paintings, prints, manuscripts and printed books – not on
architecture, nor on sculpture, nor ‘applied arts’ such as metalwork
or textiles. The choice as to how to limit such a large range of
material will inevitably be somewhat arbitrary and personal, and
the particular examples discussed here are not even selected
qualitatively: this book does not attempt to delineate a range of the
‘greatest masterpieces’ of Christian art. Instead, some central
themes have been chosen, which allow certain important ideas and
concepts relating to Christian art to be considered. The examples
selected allow those themes, ideas, and concepts to be explored in a
variety of ways: the same ideas could almost certainly be discussed
using an entirely different set of examples.
A particularly fascinating aspect of the study of Christian art is that
it touches upon such a wide range of other subjects: history, politics,
theology, philosophy, to name but a few. Christian art began within
the restricted conﬁnes of minority communities, initially
persecuted for their beliefs. Over its two millennia of existence it
1

Christian Art

developed into having an almost universal presence in the public
buildings and private spaces across what was known as
‘Christendom’, the territories in which Christianity held sway.
Christian art would be seen in cathedrals, abbeys, and great
churches, royal palaces, government buildings and public spaces, as
well as in smaller parish churches, private homes, and even in
apparently secular spaces such as shops and markets. Christian
imagery could be seen in great cycles of wall-paintings and mosaics
on church walls, which told the universal stories of Christian
history. It could be seen on smaller paintings on wood panels, or
cloth, designed to be set up in churches, or carried in processions.
Books, for church services, and for private reading and prayer,
carried illustrations of the Christian texts included, and Christian
images appeared on many of the other accoutrements of Christian
worship and devotion, such as the vestments of churchmen, the
precious metalwork vessels used in church services, and the
reliquaries and shrines in which the remains of holy men and
women were venerated. Kings and rulers used Christian imagery to
bolster their own ideologies and political rhetoric, and groups of
ordinary citizens rallied around favoured examples of Christian art,
objects that were regarded as miraculous or in other ways
particularly special to a local community or social group. During the
late Middle Ages, Christian art was part of an expression of an
apparently universal world-view. Then, with changes and
developments to the theology and practice of Christianity itself, and
the formal emergence of different denominations or groupings
under the wider umbrella of Christianity, more speciﬁc types and
forms of Christian art became associated with the variant views of
Christianity promoted by different groups, with Christian art even
being rejected entirely in some circles. It will be seen, throughout
this book, that Christian art, besides offering ‘illustrations’ of biblical
stories and theological messages, is often also used to express
particular political views, philosophical ideas, and cultural
identities, and that in some contexts the very existence, or not, of
Christian art – let alone the speciﬁc aspects of particular objects and
images – can become an explicitly political or ideological statement.
2

The status of images in early Christianity

3

Introduction

Looking back at the history of Christian art through the prism of
its very ubiquity in the Middle Ages, and its diversity in the early
modern and modern world, it is sometimes hard to remember
that the very development of Christian art itself was not inevitable
or unproblematic. Christianity developed out of the religious
culture of Judaism, and availed itself of Judaic theology and
prophecy in what became the Old Testament, the ﬁrst part of the
Christian Bible. The Jewish holy scriptures recounted the creation
of the world, the stories of Adam and Eve, and Moses, who received
the Ten Commandments from God, and who led the Jews out of
slavery in Egypt to the Promised Land. These stories, together
with the later Greek writings that told of the life of Jesus Christ
and of his followers, the Apostles, came to form the source
material for much Christian art. However, Judaism had prohibited
the pictorial representation of God, and was deeply suspicious of
representational religious art because of a fear of idolatry. Old
Testament writings deﬁned idols as objects made by man, which
contain no divine essence and which are not, therefore, appropriate
to represent the divine. But Christianity as it developed in Europe,
from Rome, also took much from Graeco-Roman social and artistic
culture, where images of divinities, and their deeds, were not
proscribed in the same way. This affected one crucial way in which
Christianity differed from Judaism, namely the centrality of artistic
representations of the Christian God. In adapting Graeco-Roman
pagan imagery to form images of Christ, and in developing and
multiplying images of Christ, the emergent Christian church went
against Judaism’s prohibition regarding images and idols, and this
helped to mark out the developing church as distinct from the
religious and theological culture of Judaism. The very existence of
Christian art is therefore one of the things that makes up the
speciﬁc and fundamental character of Christianity.

Christian Art

Catacomb paintings
The earliest surviving Christian art is found in Rome, in the
catacombs – the elaborate underground tomb chambers in which
the Christian communities buried their dead. There is some
uncertainty as to the date of the earliest catacomb paintings, but
according to current opinion, it would seem that the earliest
Christian catacombs, and their wall-paintings – carried out in
fresco and tempera – probably date from the 3rd century. This
visual material is relatively small-scale and private, occurring
as it does in a funereal context, and the subjects chosen for
representation tend to be those appropriate to private tombs, with
an emphasis on hope and comfort. Perhaps surprisingly, images of
Christ’s death at the Cruciﬁxion, which later became such a
fundamental subject of Christian art, are rare in the catacombs.
Perhaps at this point in the development of the emerging
Christian church, direct portrayals of Christ’s own violent death
seemed less immediately or obviously redolent of hope than other
images that more generally symbolized protection and
deliverance.
The image of the shepherd is a particularly popular one in early
Christian art, occurring over 100 times in the catacombs as a whole.
The shepherd symbolizes care and protection, as preﬁgured in the
23rd Psalm (‘The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He makes
me to lie down in green pastures; he leads me beside the still
waters. He restores my soul.’) The shepherd had already appeared
in Greek art, with the god Hermes sometimes being portrayed
carrying a sheep or a ram. Pagan imagery of Hermes in this aspect
was adapted by Christians to form the image of Christ the Good
Shepherd (Fig. 1).
Besides Old and New Testament images referring to deliverance,
and representations of the Good Shepherd, the catacombs also
contain depictions of New Testament narratives, such as the
Annunciation and the Breaking of Bread at the Last Supper, both of
4

1. The Good Shepherd, Rome, Catacomb of Marcellinus and Peter, 4th century

Christian Art

which images will be considered later in this book. Episodes of
deliverance from death and triumph over death are also
represented many times throughout the catacombs, such as Daniel
in the Lion’s Den, or the Three Men in the Furnace, from the Book
of Daniel. In the miracle of the Raising of Lazarus, from the Gospel
of John, a man who had already been dead for several days was
brought back to life by Christ. This miracle was an important and
concrete demonstration of the triumph over death, and was,
therefore, an obvious one for the emergent Christian church to use
in its visual rhetoric.
The character of Christian art changed, or expanded, after the
ofﬁcial recognition of Christianity by the Roman Emperor
Constantine, in 313 ce, and the later establishment of Christianity
as the sole state religion within the Empire. The state that
developed under these early Christian emperors was a continuation
of the Roman Empire, but centred on the city of Constantinople
(now the Turkish city of Istanbul), founded by Constantine in 324.
The original name of Constantinople was Byzantium, which gives
the state and its rulers the name by which scholars refer to it today:
Byzantium, or the Byzantine Empire. The Byzantine emperors in
fact regarded their state as ‘the Roman Empire’, and in its early
years the area they ruled embraced most of the territory of the
former Roman Empire right around the Mediterranean. Changing
political events and the personal circumstances of successive
emperors meant that the administrative centre of the Empire
shifted several times during the early phases of the development of
Byzantium, with the result that the major monuments of early
Christian art from this period are found in several centres besides
Constantinople, including the Italian cities of Milan and Ravenna.

Mosaics
Much of the most signiﬁcant early Christian art of this period is the
architectural decoration – mostly mosaics – in the major new
Christian churches, including the huge church of Hagia Sophia
6

(Saint Sophia), founded in Constantinople by the Emperor
Justinian in 532–7, and the churches of Sant’Apollinare and San
Vitale, founded in Ravenna in c. 500 and in 548 respectively.

7

Introduction

The art to be found in these churches differs signiﬁcantly from the
catacomb paintings in both form and content. It is large-scale,
monumental, and authoritative, often linking Christian imagery
with ofﬁcial and imperial imagery. However, the decoration in these
Byzantine churches has at least one thing in common with the
catacomb paintings: it largely eschews the image of the Cruciﬁed
Christ which was later to become so central to western European
Christianity. Where western, later medieval Christian churches
would be dominated by large-scale cruciﬁxes, raised high at the east
end of a long nave, the ﬁgural decoration of Byzantine churches
tended to centre around the image of the blessing Christ, placed in
the inside of the dome over the centre of the church, or in the curved
apse of the sanctuary. In San Vitale, the blessing Christ over the altar
is approached by the patron saint of the church, Vitale, and by the
church’s founder, Bishop Ecclesius, each of whom receives a crown
of virtue from Christ. Below the Christ mosaic, to left and right, are
framed mosaic panels depicting processions including the Emperor
Justinian and his wife, the Empress Theodora (Fig. 2). The
Emperor Justinian (in the centre, wearing the imperial crown) is
accompanied by members of his court and the military. Although
the image of the Emperor Justinian is frontal, facing outwards,
parallel to the picture plane, there are suggestions that the
procession moves from left to right, towards the altar, as though
taking part in church ceremonial. The soldiers at the far left of the
image are turned to the right, and the ﬁgures who stand between
them and the Emperor lean to the right. The Emperor’s hands, with
the offering of gold plate that he is making to the church, point to
the right, where we see Bishop Maximianus (labelled by the
inscription above his head) and his religious attendants. The slight
turn of the bodies of these ﬁgures, and the gesturing hand of the
person on the far right, lead the observer’s eye to the right, towards
the altar.

2. Procession with Bishop Maximianus and Emperor Justinian, Ravenna, S. Vitale, c. 548

Icons
Besides the monumental mosaic programmes of the major
Byzantine churches, the other signiﬁcant Byzantine art form that
needs to be discussed in this introductory chapter is the icon. The
way in which art-historians use the term ‘icon’ is narrower than the
Greek word eikon, from which it derives, and which includes all
sorts of images. When used in English-speaking theological or
art-historical writing, the term describes a painting on panel,
depicting a sacred subject, intended to be the focus of ritual or cultic
veneration. The earliest surviving icons date from the 6th century,
although it is clear that they existed earlier than this. Despite the
Old Testament prohibition of image or idol veneration, early
Christian texts make it clear that icons were venerated by Christians
9

Introduction

It has been suggested by Robert Milburn that these mosaics hint
that ‘the earthly kingdom of the emperor in some sort reﬂects the
heavenly rule of Christ’, and, indeed, other major Byzantine
churches make similar links, depicting emperors in close contact
with Christ (e.g. Emperor John II Komnenos and Empress Irene
ﬂanking the Virgin and Child, 1118, Istanbul, Hagia Soﬁa). This
sort of explicit interlocking of Christian and imperial or royal
imagery is not, in fact, unique to the Byzantine emperors, and can
be seen in different ways throughout eastern and western
Christianity. Rulers, kings, princes, and dukes can be seen in the
company of the Virgin, Christ, and the saints, in small artworks
designed for private prayer and contemplation as well as in largescale public monuments. Later in the medieval period, non-royal or
imperial donors and patrons of artworks inserted themselves into
Christian imagery also, so that images of ordinary mortals can be
seen in the company of the divine, sometimes presented to the
Virgin and/or Christ by their patron saints. Such images were
produced as a means of indicating the donors’ own devotion, but
also, in the case of large-scale or public works, as a means of
commemorating their piety and generosity in having such an
artwork made (see Chapter 3).

Christian Art

from as early as 200 ce. As with the adaptation of Graeco-Roman
images to create images of Jesus Christ, the veneration of icons was
recognized as being an adaptation of pagan practice, which made
the process and its development extremely controversial, as we shall
see. The visual form of Byzantine icons also descended directly from
the tradition of Roman portrait painting, with an extraordinary
degree of apparent realism. The portrait character of icons was
crucial because, in these images, Christians believed that they saw a
true and authentic likeness of the holy person there portrayed. In
fact, despite this claim to historical accuracy, early icons of Christ
seem to be based more upon a general facial type that had already
become associated with the great male gods of ancient Greece and
Egypt. The Greek father-god Zeus, and other similar divinities,
were portrayed with long hair and a full beard, and this became the
standard type for Christ also.
Certain other icons were regarded as being authentic portrait
likenesses because they were painted from life, by an artist in direct
contact with the holy person portrayed. It was widely believed,
throughout the early Christian and medieval periods, that an icon
of the Virgin, which resided in the monastery of the Hodegetria,
near the church of St Sophia in Constantinople, was a contemporary
portrait, painted by St Luke the Evangelist. The icon kept there
was known after the place in which it resided, and was called the
Hodegetria icon or the Virgin Hodegetria. The original was lost
after the Turkish conquest of Constantinople in 1453, but is known
from copies. These copies, and their relationship with the original,
were regarded differently at this period from the ways in which
copies and originals have been regarded in the modern history of
art. A Byzantine viewer would have expected to see icons copied and
replicated, and would have regarded a replica of the Hodegetria as a
copy of the authentic original, thus retaining some of the authority
of its model.
It was believed that the Hodegetria icon had been brought to
Constantinople from Jerusalem, by the Empress Eudokia, wife
10

Introduction

3. El Greco (Domenikos Theotokopoulos), St Luke Painting the Virgin,
Athens, Benaki Museum, c. 1560–7(?)

of Emperor Theodosius II, in the mid-5th century. The icon was
regarded as a portrait of the Mother of God, having been painted
by St Luke in the Holy Land, during the lifetime of Christ and his
mother. Thus Luke gained a status not just as a writer of one of the
four gospels, but also as the ﬁrst Christian artist. Artists found the
idea of St Luke painting the Virgin an irresistible subject in itself,
and many painted representations of the event.
11

Christian Art

El Greco’s depiction of the subject (Fig. 3) is doubly interesting
for it is itself an icon, and therefore depicts an icon within an icon.
Although the painting is badly damaged, the composition allows the
viewer to see the original Hodegetria icon in its well-known form,
with the Virgin gesturing with her right hand towards the child.
This particular image of the Virgin, with the pointing gesture, was
replicated over and over again in icons, but also in western panel
paintings of the Virgin and Child that derived their form from
Byzantine icons (see Chapter 1, Fig. 4). As with images of the
Evangelists writing their gospels, this painting includes an angel,
who gives approval to St Luke and authority to his image by placing
a laurel wreath on the Evangelist’s head. In this way, El Greco’s icon
afﬁrms the orthodoxy and authority of religious images in general,
and of this sort of icon in particular. It does so eight centuries after
the very existence of religious images and icons and their veneration
in a Christian context came under threat during the Iconoclastic
(‘image-breaking’) controversy of the 8th and 9th centuries, in
which icons became the subject of ﬁerce political and theological
debate. During this controversy icons were systematically removed
from churches and destroyed, before an imperial settlement of the
question ruled in favour of the existence and use of icons. Broadly
speaking, the iconoclastic movement stemmed from a rekindling of
doubts about Old Testament prohibitions against the making of
idols and against idolatry. The Byzantine Emperor Leo III (717–41)
removed an icon of Christ that had been publicly displayed over a
gate of the imperial palace, and promulgated an edict against icons
in 726. His son Constantine V (741–75) continued Leo’s stance, and
churches were stripped of their icons.
The theological position of the iconoclasts – beyond the scriptural
prohibition of idolatry – was broadly an objection to the
impossibility of accurately representing Christ in icons. This was
because it was believed that such images could only depict his
human nature, not his divinity, and that therefore the making and
venerating of icons of Christ threatened to separate his two natures.
As well as this, the iconoclasts reasserted the dangers of idolatry,
12

arguing that the making of icons might encourage people to
worship material objects or images, rather than to direct their
devotion to God, the proper recipient of worship. Those who
supported the making and use of icons, the ‘iconophiles’
(image-lovers) stressed that icons of Christ should be seen as a
demonstration of Christ’s human nature without detracting from
his divine nature. In addition, they argued that icons allowed people
to worship Christ through the icon. The Council of Nicaea, arranged
by the Empress Irene in 787, explained the position thus:
the honour which is paid to the image passes on to that which the
image represents, and he who does worship to the image does
worship to the person represented in it.

13

Introduction

This church council supported the use and the making of icons, but
the question was not yet resolved. In 813 Emperor Leo V revived
the iconoclast position, but the Empress Theodora, widow of the
Emperor Theophilus (829–42) managed the ﬁnal settlement of the
controversy in 843 with an imperial edict in favour of icons and
their use. Theodora’s son Michael III (842–67) then restored the
icon of Christ that Leo III had removed back to its position over
the palace gate, and oversaw the production of icons for major
public locations, including major mosaic icons of the Virgin and of
the saints for Hagia Sophia. After 843 icons became established as
symbols of the identity of the Orthodox believer, and the belief in
St Luke’s production of the Hodegetria icon of the Virgin was one of
the central planks of support for icons. The idea of St Luke as an
artist as well as a writer promoted Christian images to a rank
equivalent to that of the Christian gospel texts. It also offered
unassailable support for the making of icons in that a saint – and
a saint with the undeniable authority of an Evangelist – had
conﬁrmed that the making of icons of the Virgin and Christ was
justiﬁable. St Luke’s authority, and the orthodoxy of icons, together
with the special status of the Hodegetria icon in Constantinople,
and the power of the Christian artist to make manifest the true
image of holy persons, are all celebrated in El Greco’s own icon.

Christian Art

From the 9th century onwards, then, Christian art was ﬁrmly
embedded within Christian doctrine and worship. It was created
and used differently in the different regions in which Christianity
held sway, but the idea that religious images were generally both
permissible and desirable was not to be seriously or universally
challenged again. There would still be different attitudes towards
the ways in which images should be used, and disagreements about
the correct or appropriate forms of Christian art. But even after the
Protestant Reformation in the 16th century (see Chapter 5), where
reformers reacted against the perceived extravagance of Catholic
church interiors, and what they saw as over-reliance on images at
the expense of the Word, Christian art was abandoned completely
only by a small sector of the Christian church. The production of
Christian art goes on, in many of the same ways that it has since
the 9th century, in public, monumental artworks for churches and
ecclesiastical buildings, as well as in smaller scale, more private
works. In addition, Christian imagery has become part of the
fabric of western culture, and has become part of the wider artistic
and cultural vocabulary of modern image-makers, not only ﬁne
artists, but also ﬁlm-makers, illustrators, graphic designers,
commercial product designers, and those who design and create
advertisements, the visual form that accounts for perhaps the
greatest percentage of image-making that we see in the modern
world. This world is an increasingly secular one. It is termed by
some – even by some Christians – a post-Christian world, which is
not to say that Christianity no longer has any relevance, but that
Christianity is no longer so vastly dominant in religious,
intellectual, and cultural terms as it once was. Nevertheless,
the enormous historical importance of Christianity, and the
pervasiveness of Christian art and imagery throughout the past
2,000 years, means that it is still essential to understand something
of this pictorial vocabulary of Christianity, and the ideas behind
some of its main themes, in order to be fully visually literate in this
modern world.

14

Chapter 1
The Virgin Mary

One of the central tenets of Christianity is the incarnation – the
‘being made ﬂesh’ – of Jesus Christ. The doctrine of the incarnation
insists upon the dual nature of Christ – fully divine and also fully
human – and therefore insists upon his real birth, as a human
being, from a real, human mother. It is for that reason that images
of Christ’s mother, Mary, appear so frequently in Christian art: the
existence of his human mother is a proof of Christ’s own humanity,
and she is venerated on account of her motherhood of Christ. But
the birth of Christ was not an ordinary human birth: he was born to
a virgin, and thus had no human father. This aspect of the story of
Christ’s birth emphasized his divinity, and supported the Christian
doctrine that stated that he was the Son of God. Virgin birth had
been a sign of divinity or heroic status in classical mythology, and
therefore the Christian church was not alone in emphasizing the
virgin birth of its central ﬁgure. However, Christianity put quite
exceptional stress upon Mary’s virginity, both before the birth of
Christ, and afterwards. Thus Mary’s husband, Joseph, is often
relegated to a position of little importance, even in images
portraying the story of the Nativity of Christ.
Many visitors to galleries and churches will have had the experience
of seeing what can sometimes appear to be endless numbers of
images portraying the Virgin Mother and her child. The
representation of Christ’s mother, dressed in her traditional blue
15

Christian Art

robe, enthroned, with the Christ-child on her knee, or shown halflength, holding the child in her arms, is an absolute staple of
Christian art. A 13th-century Italian Madonna and Child, now in
the National Gallery in London, and attributed to the Umbrian
‘Clarisse Master’ (Fig. 4), conforms to a very standard medieval type
of this image. The content and size of this panel indicate that it was
probably designed for an individual, for private devotion and
prayer. In its original form the painting may have been a triptych, a
three-panelled painting, with wings or shutters attached to each
side of the main panel, which would have shut over the central
image and which would perhaps have depicted saints, or additional
christological narrative scenes.
The presentation of the Virgin in this image is based upon that of
Byzantine icons which were imported into Italy during the 13th
century. The child presses his face close to his mother’s in a gesture
recalling the Byzantine icon-type known as the ‘Elousa’, which
expresses tenderness and mercy. While the child looks up at his
mother, she gazes out of the picture, with a pensive, poignant
expression. This might be intended to convey an awareness of the
fate of her son, a fate which is already ordained (see Chapter 2).
Besides the position of the ﬁgures, the blue mantle and scarlet inner
head-dress were also derived from icons, as we can see from the
Virgin icon depicted within El Greco’s St Luke Painting the Virgin
(Fig. 3). The blue mantle survived almost unchanged for Italian
Virgin and Child images, although the red inner head-dress was
fairly quickly relinquished, replaced by a softer white veil on top of,
or inside, the blue mantle. Here, in the Clarisse Master’s Virgin and
Child, we see both the inner head-dress and the white veil,
indicating that this panel is a fairly early Italian response to a
Byzantine icon-type. The gold lines on the mantle and the veil – also
derived from Byzantine icons – were to become archaic and
obsolete in Italian painting before long. Despite these relatively
small changes of detail and decoration, however, this general type
was sustained throughout the 14th and into the 15th century. This
type of Virgin and Child still remains in many churches, particularly
16

4. Clarisse Master, Virgin and Child, London, National Gallery,
c. 1265–75.

Christian Art

in Italy, as well as appearing frequently in museums and galleries
throughout the world.
The image’s portrayal of the Virgin Mother and her child
encourages the viewer to consider certain theological and doctrinal
issues, such as the incarnation of Christ and the virgin birth, and,
more simply, to offer devotion and veneration to the holy persons
portrayed. Beyond its afﬁrmation of the Virgin’s maternal
relationship with Christ, however, it does not tell the viewer very
much about the Virgin. For further detail on the Virgin and her life,
one might expect to turn to the Bible, which provides a good deal of
source material for many aspects of Christian art. But it may
surprise some viewers of art to discover that the Bible is, in fact,
relatively quiet on the subject of the Virgin Mary. She appears
ﬂeetingly in two references in the Gospel of Mark (Mark 3: 31 and
6: 3) and in two references in the Gospel of John (John 2: 1–12, the
wedding at Cana, and 19: 25–7, Mary and John at the foot of the
cross). In the Acts of the Apostles the Virgin prays with the Apostles
after Christ’s ascension into heaven (Acts 1: 12–14), and St Paul, in
his Letter to the Galatians, mentions that Christ was born of a
woman (Galatians 4: 4). Every other detail about the Virgin in the
New Testament comes from the sections of the Gospels of Matthew
and Luke concerning Christ’s infancy, both of which narratives are
regarded as being later additions to these Gospel texts, written
perhaps 80 years after the events that they describe. Matthew’s
Gospel recounts Christ’s genealogy and then gives an account of his
birth, starting with Joseph’s awareness that Mary, his betrothed,
was ‘found to be with child through the Holy Spirit’ (Matthew 1: 18).
Matthew mentions the visit of the magi, the wise men from the East
(2: 1–12), the ﬂight of the Holy Family into Egypt, and King Herod’s
massacre of the innocents (2: 13–18), and the return of the Holy
Family to Nazareth (2: 19–23). By the third chapter of Matthew’s
Gospel Mary disappears from the narrative, other than for a few
extremely ﬂeeting mentions where, for instance, people identify
Christ as the son of a woman called Mary. Luke’s Gospel gives the
most extensive account of the birth and infancy of Christ, and
18

With these scant Gospel accounts we have the majority of biblical
source material for the common narrative images of the Virgin Mary.
The Gospel narratives treat her story as coterminous with that of
Christ’s infancy. Her life appears to be regarded as largely
unimportant other than as the mother of Christ, and little attention is
given to any detail outside that role. Much of the other detail about the
Virgin’s life was supplied by non-biblical texts such as the Apocryphal
Gospel of James (probably 2nd century) and of Pseudo-Matthew
(a later medieval development and expansion of the Book of James),
and the Legenda Aurea, or Golden Legend. This highly inﬂuential
13th-century preachers’ handbook was translated into every major
European language, and some 1,000 manuscripts survive from the
medieval period. (It was even more widely disseminated and read
after the advent of printing.) In this text the writer, Jacobus de
Voragine (James from Varazze, a town on the Genoese Riviera) drew
together all the various sources available to him on the lives of Christ,
the Virgin, the saints, and various feasts of the church. It is from this
19

The Virgin Mary

within the ﬁrst two chapters of that Gospel we learn most of what
we know about the Virgin, with descriptions of the Annunciation
(the message of the angel that the Virgin is to bear a son), the
Visitation (the visit of Mary to her cousin Elizabeth, the mother of
St John the Baptist), the Magniﬁcat (the Virgin’s hymn of joy), the
birth of Jesus, and the visit of the shepherds. It is only in this section
of the Gospel that the Virgin appears centrally in the drama. After
these events, the Virgin is mentioned in the account of the
circumcision of Christ and his presentation in the Temple. Just after
this, she speaks directly, in one of only a few such instances, in the
episode that marks the transition from Christ’s infancy to his adult
life. Christ’s parents do not know where he is, and are worried. They
eventually ﬁnd him disputing with the learned men in the Temple at
Jerusalem (Luke 2: 41–52). The Virgin remonstrates with Christ,
whereupon she is told by him that he has been about his father’s
business, by which he means that he has begun his public ministry.
Very soon, as with the Gospel of Matthew, the Virgin slips out of the
narrative, returning only very brieﬂy and in passing thereafter.

text, together with the Apocryphal Gospels, that we get the sources for
images of the Virgin which depict events that took place before the
Annunciation, such as her birth, and her marriage to Joseph, and
events that take place after Christ’s Resurrection and Ascension, such
as the Virgin’s own death and the Assumption, at which her body and
soul were taken up into heaven. In addition, these non-biblical texts
supply much additional detail about established biblical narratives,
which artists used in their depiction of these events, to augment the
sparse detail of the biblical text.

Christian Art

The Annunciation
The most commonly illustrated Marian narrative is the
Annunciation, the moment when the Angel Gabriel, sent from God
to Mary, tells her that she has been chosen by God to be the mother
of Christ (Luke 1: 26–38). This event quickly became understood
not just as the moment at which the Virgin became aware of her
destiny as the mother of God, but also as the moment at which,
following her acceptance of this destiny, the incarnation of Christ
actually took place. It was at this moment that ‘The Word was made
ﬂesh’, as John’s Gospel puts it (John 1: 14). Representations of the
Annunciation appear as early as the 4th century, and the event is
represented continuously throughout Christian art. The essentials
remain the same: an angel (whose status as such is normally
indicated by the possession of wings) approaches a woman, with a
hand raised in a gesture indicating speech. Often he – although
angels theologically have no gender, they are often represented as
young males, albeit fairly androgynous – holds a staff in his other
hand which, by the late Middle Ages has often become transformed
into a lily stem, a traditional indicator of the Virgin’s purity.
Sometimes lily stems may be shown in a vase on the ﬂoor beside the
Virgin, instead of, or in addition to being held by the angel. Nothing
can be gleaned from Luke’s Gospel as to the physical setting in
which the Annunciation took place, except that Luke says that the
angel ‘went in and said to her, ‘‘Rejoice’’ ’ (Luke 1: 28). From this,
most artists deduced that the event took place in an interior, or a
20

The ways in which the book is handled by the Virgin can sometimes
indicate a speciﬁc moment in the narrative of the Annunciation.
Luke recounts the narrative in stages, involving a dialogue between
the angel and the Virgin: the angel goes in and greets Mary
(‘Rejoice, so highly favoured! The Lord is with you’, 1: 28); the
Virgin is disturbed by this, and wonders what this can mean (1: 29);
the angel reassures her (‘Mary, do not be afraid; you have God’s
favour. Listen! You are to conceive and bear a son, and you must
name him Jesus’, 1: 30–1); Mary is unconvinced (‘But how can this
come about, since I am a virgin?’, 1: 34); the angel explains that this
will be by the agency of the Holy Spirit (‘ ‘‘The Holy Spirit will come
upon you’’ the angel answered’, 1: 35); the Virgin accepts what has
21

The Virgin Mary

semi-interior, such as an open porch or loggia. In the simplest,
earlier versions of the image, both ﬁgures usually stand. Later the
Virgin sits, stands, or kneels, sometimes at a reading-stand or a priedieu, a low bench with a narrow reading desk attached. Occasionally
the Virgin is shown sewing, or winding wool, alluding to the legend
of the Virgin’s upbringing in the Temple at Jerusalem, and the task
she was given by the priests of weaving a veil for the Temple. Most
often, however, she is reading, or has been reading, a book, which lies
open on her lap or in her hands (e.g. Master of the Mérode Triptych,
New York, Metropolitan Museum, Cloisters Collection, c. 1440), or on
the prie-dieu (e.g. El Greco, Budapest, Svepmuvestzeti Museum,
c.1600). Sometimes the book is semi-closed, with the Virgin marking
her place with a ﬁnger or thumb inserted between the pages (e.g.
Simone Martini, Florence, Ufﬁzi, 1333), or is still open, but has been
set aside (e.g. Nicolas Poussin, London, National Gallery, 1657).
When the book is open we can sometimes see the text on its pages,
and sometimes artists have made an effort to make the text legible. In
these instances, we sometimes see that the Virgin is reading from the
Old Testament, speciﬁcally the prophecy of Isaiah 7: 14 (‘A virgin will
conceive, and she will bear a son’). This prophecy emphasizes the
destiny of the Virgin Mary, and makes it clear that the moment of the
Annunciation marks the transition from the era of the Old Testament
into the age of the New Testament, with the incarnation of Christ.

Christian Art

been said, and accepts her destiny as Mother of God (‘Behold the
handmaid of the Lord . . . let what you have said be done to me’, 1:
38). If the Virgin is still reading her book (e.g. Carlo Crivelli,
London, National Gallery, 1486), the viewer may imagine that the
angel has just arrived, and has just uttered, or is just about to utter,
his ﬁrst words of greeting. If the Virgin has looked up from her book,
and is looking at the angel (e.g. Francisco de Zurbarán, Philadelphia
Museum of Art, 1650), the moment portrayed may be further on in
the narrative, perhaps the Virgin’s question to the angel. If the
Virgin’s attention is no longer absorbed by the book, and she places
one hand on her chest, or crosses her hands in front of her, with her
head slightly inclined downwards, it is probable that we see the
moment of the Virgin’s submission or acceptance (e.g. Fra Angelico,
Florence, S. Marco Corridor, c. 1450).
While the Virgin’s submission or acceptance of her destiny was an
especially popular subject from the Middle Ages to the modern period
some artists have also dealt strikingly with the tension of the early
moments of the narrative. Dante Gabriel Rossetti’s version of the
Annunciation, The Girlhood of Mary Virgin (Fig. 5), creates a real
sense of foreboding, with the presence of what seems, at ﬁrst glance, to
be a small boy, dressed in white, standing to the left. Then one notices
his red wings, folded to his sides, which indicate that he is, in fact, an
angel. He ﬁddles with the leaves of a tall lily stem in a pot, balanced on
a pile of books. The Virgin has glanced up from her needlework, and
sees the angel-ﬁgure, although the Virgin’s mother, St Anne, has not
yet noticed him. The Virgin’s expression is still: one cannot tell at this
moment what her reaction will be, although viewers versed in the
traditions that this painting addresses know that as soon as the angel
speaks, as he surely will, the Virgin will go through disquiet, disbelief,
and ﬁnally acceptance. The dove, symbolizing the Holy Spirit, by
whose agency the Virgin will imminently become pregnant, perches
in the window at the threshold of the room. The drama of this
particular representation lies in the way in which the artist has
persuaded the viewer that we witness the moment just fractionally
before the dialogue that Luke recounts.
22

The Virgin Mary

5. Dante Gabriel Rossetti, The Girlhood of Mary Virgin, London, Tate
Gallery, 1849

Books of Hours
The Annunciation is an image that we very frequently see
represented in manuscripts also, particularly in Books of Hours.
These manuscripts have been described as ‘a late medieval bestseller’. They were produced as personal prayer books for laypeople,
although their format and contents were derived from the Breviary,
23

Christian Art

the servicebook used by monks, friars, and canons in religious
communities for the performance of the ‘Divine Ofﬁce’, recited
throughout the day. As the Divine Ofﬁce developed, extra ‘ofﬁces’, or
sets of prayers and devotions, were added to the Breviary, and one
of these was a short ofﬁce in honour of the Virgin Mary, which
seems to have developed ﬁrst around the 10th century. It was this
ofﬁce, known as the ‘Little Ofﬁce of the Virgin Mary’ which was
eventually abstracted from the Breviary to form the nucleus of the
Book of Hours. The earliest known English example of an
independent Book of Hours appears to be the mid-13th-century
manuscript produced by William de Brailes (London, British
Library, Add. MS. 49999, c. 1230–60) and hence known as the De
Brailes Hours. The most splendid manuscripts were owned by
kings, princes, and the aristocracy, but less expensive Books of
Hours were produced in great number, and were within the
ﬁnancial reach of the urban merchant classes. Wills tell us that even
a 15th-century London grocer could own a ‘primer’ (the common
English term for a Book of Hours). With the advent of printing,
accessibility and ownership was widened even further, and it is
estimated that over 50,000 of these books were published for the
use of English laypeople in the late 15th and early 16th centuries.
Some of these would have been expensive, richly decorated
productions, but others would have been small, cheaply produced
books, costing perhaps only a few pence to buy. This pattern was
replicated in France, where manuscript workshops in the 15th
century began to turn out large numbers of ‘off-the-peg’ Books of
Hours, to be purchased by merchants and shop owners in Paris,
Bruges, and other cities, and the advent of printing had the same
effect of mass-production as in England.
In a Book of Hours, each hour is dedicated to a different episode of
narrative, so that the recitation of the whole ofﬁce produces a set of
opportunities to contemplate a linked series of events.
Appropriately enough, in many Books of Hours, the texts of the
different hours are illustrated by a series of episodes concerning the
Virgin and the infancy of Christ, beginning with the Annunciation,
24

An opening of an early 14th-century Book of Hours (Fig. 6)
produced for the French Queen, Jeanne d’Evreux, by the Parisian
workshop of the celebrated miniaturist Jean Pucelle, shows how
Marian and Christological cycles of imagery might be combined.
Folios 15 verso and 16 recto show the beginning of the Hours of the
Virgin, with a miniature of the Annunciation that has many of
the same elements that we have already noted: the Virgin is in
an interior, into which the angel has entered. Though the Virgin
stands, there is an indication that she may have been reading, as she
holds a book, now closed, in her right hand. A vase stands on the
ﬂoor between the angel and the Virgin, and the angel kneels and
25

The Virgin Mary

and usually ending with the Virgin’s Assumption into Heaven, or
her Coronation, both of which episodes express the fact that the
Virgin is supremely honoured because of her identity as mother of
Christ. Some Books of Hours may use a Passion Cycle to illustrate
the Ofﬁce of the Virgin, which expresses the Virgin’s importance in
a different way, stemming from the idea that the Virgin’s
motherhood of Christ enables him to be born, in order that he
should die to redeem humanity. Other books may combine Marian
and christological illustrations. A typical cycle of illustrations
focused on the Virgin might feature: the Annunciation; the
Visitation of Mary to her cousin Elizabeth; the Nativity of Christ;
the Annunciation to the Shepherds (and/or their visit to the
manger); the Adoration of the Magi; the Presentation of Christ in
the Temple; the Flight into Egypt; the Coronation of the Virgin. The
equivalent christological cycle might begin with the Betrayal of
Christ, and proceed through Christ’s Appearance before Pilate, the
Flagellation, Christ Carrying the Cross, the Nailing to the Cross, the
Cruciﬁxion, the Deposition, and the Entombment. The ﬁrst hour of
the Daily Ofﬁce, Matins, is often the most lavishly decorated, and
even where none of the rest of the cycle of the hours is embellished
with images, it is usual for Matins to carry an illustration, usually
the Annunciation. Therefore the Annunciation often forms the
‘frontispiece’ to the Hours of the Virgin, and is probably the most
common image in Books of Hours.

6. Jean Pucelle, The Betrayal of Christ and The Annunciation, from The Hours of Jeanne
d’Evreux, New York, Metropolitan Museum, Cloisters Collection, MS. 54.1.2, fos. 15v and 16r,
c. 1325

The text of the Hours of the Virgin opens with the phrase ‘Domine
labia mea aperies’ (O Lord, open thou my lips). Each hour has a
standard opening phrase, and these are known as the incipits of
each hour, from the Latin ‘incipere’, to begin. The incipit of every
hour other than Matins is ‘Deus me in adiutorium meum intende’
(O God make speed to help me). Each hour thus begins with a
capital D, and that D is very often decorated or ‘historiated’. In the
Hours of Jeanne d’Evreux, the opening D of Matins, beneath the
Annunciation, contains an image of the owner of the book, Jeanne
d’Evreux herself, kneeling at her prie-dieu, with her prayer book
open. An image such as this was designed to induce in the book’s
user the right frame of mind for prayer by showing her ready to
begin meditating upon the sacred mysteries presented to her in
the texts and images that will follow.
27

The Virgin Mary

addresses the Virgin. The beginning of his speech ‘Ave Maria’ (Hail
Mary) is inscribed upon the curling scroll that unfolds from his left
hand. Music-making angels surround the scene, and more angels
offer prayers in the gables of the building. On the opposite page,
Christ’s Betrayal appears above the rubric that indicates ‘Here
begins the Hours of the Blessed Virgin Mary’. In a visual conceit
that is very particular to Pucelle, angels support the building in
which the Annunciation takes place, so that the pictorial space
becomes ambiguous. The scene of the Betrayal opposite also appears
to be supported by the ﬁgures beneath it. Pucelle has made one foot
of a ﬁgure on either side of the Betrayal scene rest upon the head
and shoulders of these supporting ﬁgures. The miniatures
throughout this manuscript are executed in grisaille, with only
slight touches of colour, and with some coloured backgrounds to the
narrative scenes. The marginal images below the main illustrations
show rather incongruous scenes of groups of people playing games.
There is much discussion as to what these marginal scenes,
common in many medieval manuscripts, can be intended to mean.
Scholars differ on whether to interpret them as commentaries upon
the main illustrations or texts or as mere decoration or visual
diversions.

Christian Art

The Immaculate Conception
So far we have considered in detail one image of the Virgin – the
Annunciation – that was derived from the biblical narrative of
Luke’s Gospel. This image could be used as an isolated narrative,
expressing one or other of the different moments within the whole
episode, or could be used as part of a larger narrative cycle. It could
also be used to express something about the Virgin’s identity as
mother of God, or about her state of mind. By comparison, an image
that concentrates speciﬁcally on a personal aspect of the Virgin,
and which does not depend on a biblical narrative at all, is the
Immaculate Conception. The idea of the Immaculate Conception of
the Virgin was one that began in the eastern church, and then
spread to the west, being mentioned in the liturgies of the English
dioceses of Winchester and Canterbury from about the 11th century,
and of Lyons and other French dioceses from the early 12th century.
This concept has nothing to do with the conception and birth of
Christ, although the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin and the
Virgin Birth of Christ are sometimes confused. The idea behind
the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is that the Virgin was
always sinless, that she had been conceived and born sinlessly. It
was generally agreed that the Virgin led a pure and sinless life, but
controversy raged around the exact nature of her conception. The
church’s doctrine was that every human being was conceived in sin,
because of the sin inherent in sexual intercourse. Therefore all
humans were subject to what the church called original sin, which
was only removed after birth, by baptism. Some theologians argued
that in order for Christ to have been truly divine and free of original
sin, there cannot have been any stain of sin attaching to his mother.
Therefore the Virgin had to have been conceived immaculately,
without sin, also. Others opposed this, arguing that only Christ was
conceived completely miraculously and without sin. For several
hundred years the idea and the image of the Immaculate
Conception were at the centre of a polemical debate between
different parties within the church. Eventually, in 1854, the idea of
the Virgin’s Immaculate Conception was declared dogma – ofﬁcial
28

doctrine – of the Roman Catholic Church and within that branch of
Christianity, at least, the matter was no longer open to debate.

29

The Virgin Mary

One place where the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of the
Virgin was particularly strongly supported during the period of
greatest controversy was Spain, where the monarchy had supported
the idea since the 14th century. Artists attempted to represent the
doctrine symbolically in several ways, with images of the chaste
embrace of the Virgin’s parents, and with other images designed to
express the Virgin’s purity. However, the type of composition that
eventually became established as the deﬁnitive iconography is
represented by a painting of the Virgin of the Immaculate
Conception, now in the National Gallery in London. The Spanish
painter Diego Velázquez (1599–1660) painted this image for a
convent of Carmelites in his home city of Seville around 1618 (Fig.
7). The Virgin is shown as a young girl, standing on the moon, with
a halo of stars around her head. This image recalls the Apocalyptic
Woman in the Book of Revelation: ‘And there appeared a great
wonder in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon
under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars’
(Revelation 12: 1). The Apocalyptic Woman had long been
associated with the Virgin, and was variously adapted to represent
the Virgin in several aspects, including the Virgin as Queen of
Heaven and the Virgin of the Assumption, as well as the
Immaculate Conception (see also Chapters 3 and 4). Velázquez
made sure that the viewers of his painting would instantly have
associated the Virgin in this painting with the Woman of the
Apocalypse by creating a companion piece, a separate canvas
showing St John, the author of the Apocalypse text, receiving his
spiritual vision of the Woman of the Apocalypse in the heavens and
writing it down. (This companion painting of St John is also in the
National Gallery in London.) Velázquez’s Virgin of the Immaculate
Conception is not only based upon the Book of Revelation, however.
To indicate the Virgin’s immaculate nature the painter included,
beneath her, several objects or images that were traditionally
regarded as symbols of the Virgin’s purity, including a fountain and

Christian Art

7. Diego Velázquez, Virgin of the Immaculate Conception, London,
National Gallery, c. 1618

an enclosed garden. These symbols are derived from the text of the
Song of Songs, or the Song of Solomon, in the Old Testament. This
text deals with a dialogue between a pair of lovers, a Bridegroom
and a Bride, which has been interpreted in many ways in Christian
biblical scholarship. Despite the erotic nature of much of the text,
the words spoken about the Bride have been interpreted as
30

prophecies of the Virgin Mary’s purity. In particular, one phrase
spoken by the Bridegroom was especially fruitful for promoters of
the Virgin’s immaculacy: ‘Thou art all beautiful my love / and there
is no stain in thee’ (Tota pulchra es amica mea / et macula non est in
te – Songs 4: 7). It is clear from the Latin given here that this
phrase, macula non est in te, seemed to offer a biblical basis for the
idea that the Virgin was im-maculate, without stain of sin.

Because the idea and the image of the Immaculate Conception
was supported so vigorously in Spain, it became popular also in
Spanish South America, having been promoted by the Franciscan
and Jesuit Orders as part of their missionary activity there. The
image of the Immaculate Conception became particularly
widespread in South America from the mid-17th century, as a
result of the Catholic church’s promotion of the cult of the Virgin
of Guadalupe. According to legend, the Virgin had appeared
to a recently-converted Christian named Juan Diego (called
Cuauhtlatoatzin before his baptism), in 1531, in the mountains
near Tepeyac, north-west of Mexico City. Records of these visions
tell how an image of the Virgin as the Immaculate Conception was
miraculously imprinted upon Juan Diego’s cloak. This image,
31

The Virgin Mary

In 1649 Francisco Pacheco (d. 1654), Velázquez’s teacher and
father-in-law, gave detailed instructions for the correct way to
depict the Virgin of the Immaculate Conception in his Arte de le
pintura (Art of Painting). However, by this time, the composition
was in fact fully developed and established, and Pacheco only
codiﬁed the type as it had already been developing from the end of
the 16th century and through the ﬁrst half of the 17th century.
Pacheco himself had already produced paintings of the Immaculate
Conception that followed the same conventions as Velázquez’s
painting, as had other Spanish painters such as Francisco de
Zurbarán (e.g. Barcelona, Museu Nacional d’Art de Catalunya,
and Edinburgh, National Gallery of Scotland, 1630s) and
also non-Spanish painters favoured by Spanish patrons, such as
Peter Paul Rubens (e.g. Madrid, Museo del Prado, 1628–9).

8. The Virgin of Guadalupe (festive car decoration), Mexico City, 1989

preserved today in the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico City,
became the centre of the cult of Our Lady of Guadalupe. The
Virgin of Guadalupe, as she appears in the revered image in the
basilica, and in the countless copies and versions of that image,
appears without the Christ-child, with her hands clasped together
in prayer, dressed in a blue mantle covered with stars, standing
upon the crescent moon, supported by an angel, and surrounded
by a sunburst or mandorla.

Whatever the status and the date of the original cult image
preserved in the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico, the Virgin of
Guadalupe became, and remains, a fantastically popular image in
South America, and in Catholic communities of Spanish and Latin
American origin throughout the United States and beyond. The
Virgin of Guadalupe was proclaimed patroness of Mexico in 1754
and patroness of all the Americas in 1910, and thus enjoys special
devotion among the Catholic populace of North and South America.
The American national Roman Catholic shrine in Washington, DC,
is dedicated to the Virgin of the Immaculate Conception, and
images of the Virgin of Guadalupe are reproduced in souvenirs from
the Mexican shrine of Guadalupe itself, and in countless postcards,
medals, statues, candles, and other such images (Fig. 8). They are
among the most reproduced examples of contemporary Christian
imagery in North and South America today.
33

The Virgin Mary

Although Juan Diego’s visions were supposed to have taken place
in 1531, the ﬁrst ofﬁcial inquiries into them, and the ﬁrst written
accounts of the events, emerged only in the mid-17th century.
And although the image preserved in the basilica was supposed to
have been created as a result of the 1531 visions, there is no record of
the image before the early 17th century, when the ﬁrst copies of it
were made. Given the popularity of the image of the Immaculate
Conception in 16th- and 17th-century Spain, it is interesting to note
that the image of the Virgin of Guadalupe replicates the form of
the Spanish images produced at the end of the 16th and early
17th centuries by Pachecho, Velázquez, and Zurbarán.

Chapter 2
The body of Christ

Faith in the birth of Jesus, and in his life and death, lies at the very
roots of Christianity. Therefore images that illustrate Christ’s life
on earth, as a human being, are fundamental to Christian art.
Christ is represented as a teacher and preacher, a leader, a healer, a
judge, as well as a new-born baby and as a dead man. Artistic
representations also go beyond his death, to show his resurrection,
and his post-resurrection apparitions to his followers, as detailed
in the Gospels. However, the textual sources focus more heavily on
some areas and events in Christ’s life than on others. Jaroslav
Pelikan has pointed out that the Gospels give us information about
fewer than 100 days in Christ’s life, but that for the last few days of
his life they provide ‘a detailed, almost hour-by-hour scenario’. The
account of Christ’s death itself – the hours on the cross on Good
Friday – forms the climax of the Gospel narrative, and images
relating to the Cruciﬁxion are among the most pervasive in
Christian art. The Cruciﬁxion is of course, the end of Christ’s
earthly human life, but it was also the ultimate purpose of his life.
According to Christian doctrine, human salvation is achieved by
Christ’s death on the cross, which expiates the sins of humankind.
Therefore the very essence of Christian belief revolves around his
death, and his incarnation as a human being, which allowed
him to suffer a human death. For this reason a focus on images
of Christ’s dying and dead body is crucial to an understanding of
Christian art.
34

35

The body of Christ

As already mentioned, in the previous chapter, images of Christ
with his mother conﬁrmed the identity of the Virgin as Mother of
God, but also reminded viewers of Christ’s incarnation, his taking
of human ﬂesh, which was the beginning of Christ’s mission of
salvation. Already inherent in Christ’s birth was his death, and
this is clear in many images of the Virgin and Child. The 13thcentury panel by the Clarisse Master (Fig. 4), already encountered
in Chapter 1, illustrates the signiﬁcance of Christ’s incarnation
and death by its combination of events from the beginning and
the end of the narrative of Christ’s earthly life. By presenting
these images together this painting represents the full cycle of
Christ’s redemption of humankind, and offers a compendium of
ideas and images upon which the viewer could meditate. As we have
seen, in the main ﬁeld of the painting is an image of the Virgin and
Child, probably inspired in its composition and style by Byzantine
icons. Either side of the Virgin and Child are, on the left, the Angel
Gabriel, and on the right the Virgin of the Annunciation, giving, as
it were, a ‘ﬂashback’ to the Annunciation, the very moment of
Christ’s incarnation, the beginning of his mission, and therefore the
beginning of human salvation. Above the Virgin and Child, in the
lunette-shaped ﬁeld at the top of the panel is an image of the
Cruciﬁed Christ, balancing the Incarnate Christ below. Above the
Cruciﬁxion, in the triangular spandrels in the top corners of the
panel, two angels blow trumpets to left and right, announcing the
Last Judgement, and beneath them two groups of human beings
arise from their tombs. In this allusion to the Last Judgement we do
not see Christ the Judge, as we might in other, fuller representations
of the subject. (It may be that an additional ﬁgure of Christ as the
Judge, or the Blessing Redeemer, was originally present in a
now-lost gable from the very top of the panel.) As the painting
stands at present, however, the combination of images still works
visually, because the manner of composition and the precise way in
which the Cruciﬁxion and the Last Judgement are juxtaposed
makes the connection between the two very obvious: the salvation
of human beings is seen as a very direct result of Christ’s
Cruciﬁxion.

Christian Art

The Clarisse Master’s image of the Cruciﬁxion includes various
persons whom the Gospel accounts mention as present at the event.
On the right we see St John the Apostle, to whom Christ was
supposed to have been especially close, and to whom he entrusted
the care of his own mother after his death (John 19: 26). Also
represented on the right are ﬁgures of Roman soldiers, including the
centurion who was converted when he recognized Christ’s identity
as the Son of God (Mark 15: 39; see also Luke 23: 47). On the left we
see the Virgin Mary with two female companions, her own sister,
Mary Cleophas, and Mary Magdalen (John 19: 25). The Magdalen is
dressed in her customary red, and the Virgin in the centre is also
recognizable by her clothing: a blue mantle over a pink
undergarment, as in the image of the Annunciation and in that of
the Virgin and Child below. Christ himself is shown in the manner
that had become traditional by the mid-13th century: eyes closed,
head resting on his shoulder, body curving out to one side. Earlier
images of the Cruciﬁxion had shown Christ alive, with his eyes open,
and his body straight and supported, in a manner designed to show
his triumph over death. Those earlier images are known as the
Christus Triumphans (triumphant Christ). The representation we
see in this small Italian panel is known as the Christus Patiens
(suffering Christ) and this type of image places more emphasis on
Christ’s human suffering than on his triumph over death. As Christ’s
humanity and suffering became more central to Christian devotion
so too did that of his mother. The Virgin Mary swoons at her son’s
death, and is supported by the other two Marys. The collapse of the
Virgin visually echoes the collapse in death of her son, and indicates
the idea of Mary’s compassion, her suffering with Christ. The
relationship of suffering between mother and son here in the
Cruciﬁxion is juxtaposed with the similarly close relationship
illustrated in the Virgin and Child image below. Devotees of the
Virgin Mary regarded her motherhood of Christ, and her fellow
suffering with him at the Cruciﬁxion, as having given her the
authority and the capacity to intercede with Christ, to ask for mercy
on their behalf. This was one of the reasons why the Virgin was so
highly regarded as an intercessor, an advocate for sinners.
36

On the exterior of the outermost set of movable wings was depicted
the Cruciﬁxion, and it was this image that was probably most often
visible on the altar of the monastery church at Isenheim. The artist
has depicted the body of the Cruciﬁed Christ in such a way as to
bring home the reality of his torture and suffering. His body hangs
low, his arms having been torn from their joints. His legs are
twisted, and the nails through his feet and hands are painfully
obvious. As well as the large wound in his side, where the centurion
pierced him with a lance, to see that his death was complete (John
19: 33–4) Christ’s body bears numerous scars, apparently inﬂicted
by thorns, and several thorns still remain embedded in his ﬂesh.
The loincloth is ripped and shredded, and the crown of thorns is
shown as a real instrument of torture, with its sharp points lodged
in Christ’s head and face, and digging into his shoulder and chest.
Beneath the Cruciﬁxion, in a separate predella panel, we see the
Lamentation over the dead body of Christ. The crown of thorns has
been removed, and St John carefully lays out Christ’s limp body on
the shroud, prior to placing him in the tomb.
37

The body of Christ

A further aspect of the developing medieval interest in
Christ’s humanity, and his human suffering and death, was
a greater concern with the corporeal reality of his body
and the wounds inﬂicted during the Passion. One of the
most dramatic representations of the suffering body of the
Cruciﬁed Christ is that on the exterior of the Isenheim altarpiece, by
the German painter Matthias Grünewald (Fig. 9). This altarpiece
was made for the chapel of a hospital run by the Canons Regular
of St Anthony in Isenheim. Its construction took place in two
stages. First the canons commissioned the Strasbourg sculptor
Nikolaus of Hagnau to produce a carved altar depicting ﬁgures of
interest to the monastic community – St Augustine, St Anthony,
and St Jerome – with Christ and the twelve Apostles beneath.
Then, a few years later, about 1510, Grünewald was commissioned
to create two sets of painted wings for this altar, which could be
opened or closed to reveal the altarpiece in three different states
(Diagram I).

9. Matthias Grünewald, Isenheim Altarpiece, Colmar, Unterlinden Museum, c. 1510

I. Isenheim Altarpiece, three states.

Christian Art

The small bloody wounds that appear all over Christ’s body gain an
extra dimension when seen in conjunction with the saints in the
wings either side of the Cruciﬁxion, and in the context of
the altarpiece’s original hospital location. In the left wing is
St Sebastian, pierced through with the arrows with which he was
tortured (prior to his eventual martyrdom by beheading). Sebastian
was one of several ‘plague saints’ who were regarded as having the
power to protect against the plague. In Sebastian’s case, this
association derived from the idea that the sores that appeared upon
the skin of a person afﬂicted by the plague were like the wounds of
arrows. St Anthony, in the right wing, was the patron of the
monastery and its hospital, and was generally invoked as a healer.
But he also had a particular connection with a plague-like disease,
which went by the name of ‘the infernal ﬁre’, or ‘St Anthony’s Fire’,
and the symptoms of which included inﬂamed boils and
gangrenous wounds on the skin. The patients at Isenheim were
presumably intended to take comfort in the presence of the two
saints who were believed to have the power to protect against, or
cure, these dreadful diseases. But viewers were also intended to
appreciate a further message of spiritual redemption beyond
physical death. They should not fear the pain and disﬁgurement
connected with physical disease, because Christ’s unimaginably
painful death, held up to view here, had secured for them the
promise of redemption and resurrection after whatever earthly
death a mortal might suffer. The ravaged skin of Christ could be
interpreted as showing the Isenheim patients that he bears all their
suffering and sickness himself, not only the physical pain of their
illnesses, but also the ‘sickness’ of their sin, potentially much more
serious and damaging, and yet relieved in its damning effects by
Christ’s sacriﬁce.
The attendant ﬁgures in the Isenheim Cruciﬁxion are depicted
differently from those in the Clarisse Master’s Italian panel. The
number of ﬁgures has been reduced, and this time Christ’s mother
is supported in her grief and compassio not by the two Marys, but
by St John. Her eyes are closed, and her pale face, drained of colour
40

Since the Baptist was already dead by the time Christ was cruciﬁed,
and could not therefore have been present at the Cruciﬁxion, his
presence in this image is a departure from the historical narrative,
and must serve a symbolic rather than a merely representative
function. This is further indicated by the lamb at his feet. John the
Baptist had described Christ as ‘the Lamb of God, who takes away
the sins of the world’ (John 1: 29). The lamb here holds a cross, to
make it plain that this creature is a symbolic reference to Christ
himself. At the lamb’s feet is a chalice, which receives blood from a
wound in the lamb’s chest. Since we know that Christ is the Lamb
of God, it is clear that the blood pouring into the chalice must
actually be the blood of Christ. This detail makes an explicit link
41

The body of Christ

by her suffering, is echoed by her white – rather than blue – mantle.
Beneath the cross, Mary Magdalen (identiﬁable this time by her pot
of ointment – see Chapter 3 – as well as by her red garment) wrings
her hands in despair. In the predella, where the three ﬁgures carry
out the Lamentation over the body of Christ, the mood is quieter,
with all three ﬁgures appearing drained by their experience. The
one additional ﬁgure not mentioned so far is John the Baptist, who
stands to the right of the Cruciﬁed Christ. We know that this is John
the Baptist for a number of reasons, including his physical
appearance. He is shown as a hermit, with bare feet, and animal
skins for clothing. The book that he holds is a common identifying
attribute of a prophet, and identiﬁes John as the last of the Old
Testament prophets, who heralded Christ’s coming. The Baptist’s
pointing gesture draws attention to Christ and indicates that the
words inscribed on the panel, spoken by John, refer to Christ: ‘He
must increase, but I must decrease’. These words, from the Gospel
of John (3: 30), have been interpreted in different ways, but seem to
indicate that we are to be aware that the Cruciﬁxion is the middle
point between the era of the Old Testament, represented by John
the Baptist, and the New Testament, represented by Christ. The
Cruciﬁxion is thus literally the crux of the two ages, after which
humankind lives in a state of grace and is redeemed (see also
Chapters 4 and 5).

Christian Art

between the Cruciﬁxion, the original sacriﬁce of Christ’s body for
the sins of humankind, and the liturgical service of the eucharist,
which re-enacts or recreates that sacriﬁce continually at the very
altar table upon which this image of the Cruciﬁxion was originally
placed.
Fascination with Christ’s humanity, his body, and his human
suffering and death, went hand-in-hand with a fascinated
devotion to his body and blood in the eucharist. In 1215 the
church had conﬁrmed the doctrine of transubstantiation, which
held that, by the action of the priest’s consecration or blessing
during the mass, the bread and wine of the eucharist were
transformed physically and entirely into Christ’s ﬂesh and blood,
but without any change in their visual appearance. At the Last
Supper, the night before Christ’s Cruciﬁxion, Christ had blessed
and distributed bread and wine with the words ‘This is my body’
and ‘This is my blood’. The doctrine of transubstantiation held
that he had intended it to be understood that when his followers
obeyed his instruction to ‘Do this in memory of me’, and blessed
bread and wine in the future, the materials thus consecrated
would be literally transformed into his body and blood (Matthew
26: 26–8; Mark 14: 22–5; Luke 22: 19–20). From 1215 until the
early 16th century the doctrine of transubstantiation was the
ofﬁcially accepted position of the universal Christian church. With
the Protestant Reformation (see Chapter 5), different Christian
denominations developed various understandings of the precise
status of the eucharist. These different positions could be plotted
along a continuum, from the idea that during the mass the
consecrated bread and wine became truly and absolutely Christ’s
body and blood (as maintained by Roman Catholics) to the idea
that the service of the eucharist was simply a commemoration of
Christ’s actions at the Last Supper (as understood by the more
radical Protestant tradition). But at the time of the conception of
the Isenheim altarpiece, transubstantiation was still the ofﬁcial
doctrine of the church. This altarpiece, therefore, functioned as
the backdrop to services of the eucharist in which the bread and
42

wine were believed to be transformed into the body and blood of
Christ. It was understood that the priest’s repetition of Christ’s
words of blessing effected the transformation, and the consecrated
bread and wine were then lifted up by the priest for the
congregation to see. If the altarpiece was completely closed, the
congregation at Isenheim would have seen the elevated bread and
wine against the background of two images of the dead Christ: in
the Cruciﬁxion, and also in the Lamentation in the predella below.
Even in the altarpiece’s half-open state, with the Annunciation,
Nativity, and Resurrection images visible, the Lamentation
remained visible below as a backdrop to the ceremony of the
eucharist.

A 14th-century diptych painted in Bohemia pairs the image of
the Virgin and Child on the left with the Man of Sorrows on the
right (Fig. 10). As in the Clarisse Master’s Umbrian panel, the
Christ-child here presses his face close to his mother’s in a variant of
43

The body of Christ

The precise composition of the Lamentation here, with St John
supporting Christ’s body under the shoulders, has the effect of
displaying Christ’s torso to view, and allowing the viewer to see the
bloody wound in his side. This meant that the narrative image of the
preparation of Christ’s body for the tomb could also operate here as
a focus for devotion and meditation on the body of Christ and on
the wounds of his Passion. An artistic process of abstracting and
adapting narrative images of Christ’s Passion into images for
devotion had begun to develop in the two centuries before the
Isenheim altarpiece. One of the most popular of these devotional
images was known as the ‘Imago Pietatis’, the ‘Image of Pity’, or the
‘Man of Sorrows’. This composition isolates the Cruciﬁed Christ, and
offers his dead, wounded body to view. The Man of Sorrows is
usually depicted half-length, sometimes standing in the tomb,
sometimes standing against the cross. The body is sometimes
supported by angels, sometimes alone, usually with closed eyes, and
with his hands folded on his breast, so that the wounds in his hands
and side are clearly visible.

10. Anonymous Bohemian painter, diptych with The Virgin and Child and The Man of Sorrows,
Karlsruhe, Kunsthalle, c. 1350

The image of the Man of Sorrows was linked with a vision
supposedly experienced by the 6th-century pope Gregory the
Great (see also Chapter 4) while celebrating mass one day in
Rome. As Gregory consecrated the bread and wine, it was related,
Christ appeared to him above the altar. This apparition lent
eloquent support to the doctrine of the ‘Real Presence’ of Christ’s
body in the eucharist, since Christ himself, in bodily form, was
manifested on the altar at the moment when the bread and wine
were supposed to become Christ’s body and blood. To
commemorate the event, the Pope ordered an image of Christ to
be made according to his exact appearance in this vision. A
mosaic image, preserved at the church of Santa Croce in
Gerusalemme, Rome, was, in the later Middle Ages, regarded as
the original image that Gregory had had made (and was strongly
promoted as such by the Carthusian monks who were in charge
of the church in which it was housed) even though it actually
dates from the 12th or 13th century. In the 15th century the
monks of Santa Croce asked the German engraver Israhel van
Meckenem, the best-known printmaker of his day, to make
45

The body of Christ

a Byzantine icon-type. In the other panel, the half-length Cruciﬁed
Christ, his eyes closed and head dropped to the side, displays the
wounds in his hands to the viewer’s gaze. Curiously, though, the
dead Christ’s hands are in some senses active, or demonstrative.
The index ﬁnger of Christ’s left hand is raised, and directly points
out the wound in his side, as if inviting the viewer to contemplate
that speciﬁc element of the image. (The side wound was often
accorded special prominence, as it was close to Christ’s heart, and
was sometimes portrayed in isolation, as an object of contemplation
in its own right. This later developed into the symbolic image of the
‘Sacred Heart’ of Jesus.) The ﬁngers of Christ’s other hand rest upon
the painted inscription underneath, pointing to the words
‘misericordia domini’ (the mercy of the Lord). This indicates that
the viewer is intended to understand the Cruciﬁxion, the sacriﬁce of
Christ, as proof of God’s compassion, grace, and mercy towards
humankind.

11. Israhel van Meckenem, Mass of St Gregory, London, British
Museum, 1490s

engravings of their mosaic icon, and of the miracle event of the
mass of St Gregory. These reproductions were bought in great
number by members of the faithful, partly because the Man of
Sorrows image was promoted enthusiastically by the wider
church, not just by the monks at Santa Croce. Indulgences were
pledged by the church to those who prayed in front of certain
images. In the case of the Man of Sorrows, indulgences – of
20,000 years of pardon from punishment in purgatory – were
attached not just to the Roman original, but also to copies of it,
and to the associated image of the mass of St Gregory. All later
images of the Man of Sorrows (which proliferated in the West
from the 13th and 14th centuries) were regarded as ‘copies’ of
Gregory’s original. (In fact, the legend of Gregory’s vision probably
developed after such images, as a means to explain them.)

The Man of Sorrows image clearly had a special and particular
status because it was regarded as a ‘true likeness’ of Christ, a record
of his death at the Cruciﬁxion, and a proof of the Real Presence of
Christ’s body and blood in the eucharist. These aspects of the image
account for the many, many copies and versions of the image of the
Man of Sorrows, produced in many different regions, in different
media, for different patrons, and for different purposes. The image
was, like the Books of Hours examined in the previous chapter,
another ‘best-seller’ of its time.
47

The body of Christ

The engraving now in the British Museum in London shows the
half-length Man of Sorrows appearing out of the tomb on the altar
as the consecration takes place (Fig. 11). It reproduces what were
clearly thought to be the salient iconographic features of the
original mosaic icon: the arrangement of Christ’s body against the
cross; the position of the head, dropped to one side; the ﬂowing
locks of hair on the shoulders; the closed eyes; the visible wounds
in the hands and side. These features are the same in our
Bohemian diptych (Fig. 10), which indicates that it too was
probably in some senses regarded as a ‘copy’ of an ‘authentic’
original.

Chapter 3
The saints

The practice of venerating the saints – individuals recognized as
especially virtuous and holy – has been of critical importance in
Christian worship from the beginning. (The term ‘saint’ comes
from the Latin term ‘sanctus’ – ‘sancta’ in the feminine – meaning
‘holy’ or ‘consecrated’. In the East, the equivalent Greek term
‘hagios’ – or ‘hagia’ – is used.) A great deal of Christian art features
representations of these revered persons, from the early saints,
including Jesus Christ’s own companions, such as St Peter, down to
medieval saints such as St Francis of Assisi (d. 1226). The Roman
Catholic church continues to recognize individuals as saints, and
images of modern saints are still produced, and can be found in
Catholic churches and homes throughout the world. For example,
images of Padre Pio, an Italian Capuchin monk who died in 1968,
and who was canonized (ofﬁcially recognized as a saint) in 2002,
are extremely widespread and popular, especially in Italy and
America.
In the early church no formal mechanism existed for consecrating
or differentiating those among the Christian dead who were
ofﬁcially recognized saints. The mechanism for formal canonization
only developed during the later Middle Ages (see below).
Nevertheless certain individuals attracted particular reverence,
especially the Apostles, who were Christ’s earliest followers, and
the martyrs, those who had died for their faith. By being prepared to
48

49

The saints

die for his or her Christian beliefs a martyr was regarded as having
offered the ultimate witness to the truth of Christ’s teachings and
his death and resurrection. (The term ‘martyr’ comes from the
Greek ‘martus’ meaning ‘witness’.) The saints and martyrs were
honoured by the whole Christian community coming together at
their tombs, and sharing a eucharistic meal, on the anniversaries of
their deaths. The burial place thus became the centre of devotion to
the saint, and the day of death became the particular day of
commemoration. In the early Christian period, the cult of saints
was, therefore, focused geographically upon the place where the
remains, or relics, of the saints were buried, and the relics were
venerated as objects endowed with particular spiritual potency. It
was believed that physical proximity to the relics of the saints had
beneﬁcial effects, and people went on pilgrimages to saints’ shrines
in the hope of achieving a beneﬁt, often the healing of an illness or
a disability. Because of this devotional need to visit the place of
burial and to come as close as possible to the actual shrine, or
container, in which the body of the saint was contained, the term
‘shrine’ has also come to be understood, in general usage, as a place
at which a saint is venerated. Relics were often kept in precious,
metalwork containers, adorned with sculpted ﬁgures or decoration,
jewels, and enamels. Shrines for full-body relics were often gabled
in shape, like small buildings, with pointed roofs. In England, and
in other areas that experienced iconoclasm during the 16th-century
Reformation and after (see Chapter 5), saints’ tombs and shrines
were destroyed, and the precious metalwork melted down, so that
we have little direct material evidence about their appearance in
these areas. But contemporary representations, such as that in a
13th-century Anglo-Norman manuscript of the Life of St Edward
the Confessor (Fig. 12), seem to indicate that the form of English
shrines was similar to surviving examples from elsewhere in
Europe. This illustration shows pilgrims kneeling in prayer at the
shrine of St Edward, the English king-saint who was buried in
Westminster Abbey. A stone platform supports the shrine, which is
itself apparently metalwork, with small sculpted ﬁgures, and
decorative crockets and ﬁnials. A pilgrim is seen climbing into holes

12. The Shrine of St Edward the Confessor from La Estoire de Seint Aedward Le Rei, Cambridge,
University Library, MS. Ee.3.59, fo. 30, c. 1255–60

in the shrine base upon which Edward’s burial casket is raised, in
order to achieve even greater closeness to the body of the saint.
Christian devotion to saints’ relics stemmed in part from perceived
physical beneﬁts such as healing miracles. But devotion to the
saints and their relics also derived from their perceived efﬁcacy as
intercessors: by manifesting their devotion to their chosen saint,
pilgrims hoped to encourage the saint to offer prayers to God
on their behalf, or on behalf of someone whom they wished
to help.

51

The saints

The original association between the tombs of the martyrs and the
eucharistic meals held at them by Christian communities meant
that altars, as well as shrines, had always been associated with the
bodies of the saints: churches came to be built as close to the burial
places of saints as possible, and the altar was placed, if possible, over
the tomb itself. The altar, and usually the church surrounding it,
was then named and dedicated in honour of the saint. Later, as
churches multiplied, and more altars were erected, it was not
always possible to associate each altar with the tomb of a saint. In
order to preserve the association between saints’ relics and the
eucharistic altar table it became the practice to place smaller relics
within the body of the altar itself at the time of its consecration.
Painted panels were produced to be placed on the altars dedicated
to saints, or on tomb-altars, which, as the name would suggest, were
combinations of a tomb with an associated altar. These painted
images identiﬁed the saint whose cult was celebrated at that
particular location, and stimulated devotion to the saint.
Altarpieces of saints often combined a central image depicting the
saint, usually full-length, either standing or enthroned, with scenes
from his or her life, sometimes including representations of
miracles that had been attributed to the saint. The Sienese painter
Simone Martini painted a panel depicting St Louis of Toulouse,
which is now in Naples (Fig. 13). The main image shows St Louis as
a Franciscan bishop-saint, enthroned and crowned by angels, and
crowning another man who is kneeling at the saint’s feet. This other

Christian Art

man is Louis’s younger brother, King Robert II Naples (Robert of
Anjou), who received the crown of the Angevin royal house of Naples
when Louis abdicated in order to become a Franciscan.
The panel includes in its predella (fourth scene from the left, Fig.
14) an image of the funeral of St Louis, which took place at the
Franciscan church in Marseilles, in August 1297. The sanctity of St
Louis is demonstrated by the fact that he has already begun to work
miracles, as sick and crippled individuals are healed in proximity to
his body. Two sick people, one crippled, one apparently in seizure or
possessed, are contrasted with a standing pilgrim, who has
presumably been cured by St Louis and points towards his body in
recognition of that fact. This panel was probably intended to be
associated with a shrine of St Louis, either at the original place of
burial at Marseilles, or in Naples, to where Robert of Anjou had
taken back Louis’s brain as a relic. The image of the healing of the
sick at Louis’s funeral would presumably have encouraged pilgrims
at Louis’s shrine to believe in the power and efﬁcacy of his relics,
and to pray and leave offerings at his tomb. Churches with
successful saints could expect to make a signiﬁcant amount of
money from the offerings left by visiting pilgrims. Therefore,
candidates for the sainthood, like Louis of Toulouse, were
enthusiastically promoted by the churches that housed their bodies,
and by the religious communities from which they had come (the
Franciscans in the case of Louis of Toulouse). Robert of Anjou
himself was also very closely involved in the campaign to have Louis
canonized, as the legitimacy of his own reign would have been
greatly enhanced by Louis’s canonization, and by the church’s
consequent implied sanction of Louis’s decision to hand his throne
over to his younger brother.
The Louis of Toulouse panel is usually dated after 1317, the
year of Louis’s canonization, and is most often regarded as a
commemoration of that event, which was so important to Robert of
Anjou. But it is equally possible that the panel was commissioned in
anticipation of the canonization, as part of the effort that the
52

13. Simone Martini, St Louis of Toulouse, Naples, Museo Nazionale di
Capodimonte, c. 1317

Christian Art

14. Simone Martini, Funeral of St Louis, predella of St Louis panel
(detail of Fig. 13)

Franciscans and the Angevin royal family were making to achieve
sainthood for Louis. By the 13th century the process of recognizing
a saint had moved on from local acclaim and recognition of a
person’s holy life or miracles, as in the early Christian church, and
the mechanism of canonization was increasingly coming under the
control of the papacy. By the time of Louis of Toulouse’s death, a
rigorous legal process had been developed, to test the legitimacy of
claims for canonization. A deﬁnitive version of the person’s life had
to be established, that demonstrated their holiness, and miracles
54

The St Louis panel is connected with the veneration of an individual
saint, at the location of his particular cult. But often saints appear in
the company of other saints, in large altarpieces, for example, where
their identity is not so easily gleaned from context, location, or
speciﬁc physical appearance. In these cases, artists adopted a
number of strategies for making clear the identiﬁcation of the saints
depicted. Sometimes, by tradition, a particular saint had come to be
associated with a particular physical appearance, so that St Peter,
for example, is almost always shown with white hair and a white
beard, and usually wearing yellow. St Paul has dark hair and a dark
beard, St Mary Magdalen has long, loose hair and wears a red dress,
and so on. Sometimes this would be enough to give a clue as to
which saint was which, if one happened to know that an image
represented Sts Peter and Paul, for example. But if, as was common,
an altarpiece contained representations of a number of different
saints, some perhaps more obscure than others, artists had to adopt
other strategies for identifying the individual ﬁgures. Sometimes
individual saints were identiﬁed by textual inscriptions, and
55

The saints

performed by the saint had to be veriﬁed. Artworks could help in
this process, by making manifest the signiﬁcant episodes of a
potential saint’s life, as do the predella scenes of the St Louis panel.
These illustrate Louis’s request to become a Franciscan, his entry
into the Franciscan Order and his consecration as a bishop, as well
as the healing miracle already mentioned, and, in the ﬁfth image in
the predella, another miracle concerning the resurrection of a sick
or dead child. The precise subject of the central image in the
predella is unidentiﬁed, but the whole ensemble of imagery is
certainly dedicated to the identiﬁcation and promotion of St Louis
himself. His identity is made clear by a variety of means, including
the particular representation of the saint in the central panel, the
narrative predella illustrating key events in his life, and the ﬂeur-delis heraldry on the frame of the panel, which was associated with
the Angevin royal family. His sanctity is promoted by his
representation with a halo, by the angels bestowing a heavenly
crown upon him, and by the representation of his miracles.

Christian Art

sometimes their names were inscribed within their gold haloes. But
where it was not practical to identify the ﬁgures with textual
inscriptions, or where the viewers of these images could not all be
expected to be able to read such inscriptions, other means of
identiﬁcation had to be devised.
The most common was to give each saint an ‘attribute’, an object
speciﬁcally associated with that saint, which acted as a pictorial
‘label’. Attributes might make reference to a signiﬁcant event in a
saint’s life, or a particular achievement for which they were known.
St Mary Magdalen, for example, often carries a small pot, with a lid,
to recall the tradition that she washed the feet of Christ, wiped them
with her own hair, and anointed them with costly ointment (Luke 8:
37–8). Very often saints’ attributes were associated with the ways in
which they had died, as in the case of St Stephen, the ﬁrst martyr,
who was stoned to death, and is thus usually shown with a stone on
his head, or St Bartholomew, who was skinned alive, and thus
carries a knife. These stories of martyrdom sometimes gave rise to
traditions in which the saints became associated with particular
groups of people, in ways that may seem, to the modern viewer,
almost gruesome or even irreverent in their literalism: St Stephen
was invoked as patron saint of those with headaches, and St
Bartholomew was invoked as the patron saint of tanners and
leatherworkers.
From the 14th century onwards, groups of saints, with their
attributes, became a regular feature in Christian art. Large
altarpieces were commonly produced in which a central panel
showing the Virgin and Child, the Cruciﬁed Christ, the Coronation
of the Virgin, or some such representation, was accompanied by two
or more side panels populated by groups of saints, identiﬁed by their
attributes. The Altarpiece of St John the Baptist and St John the
Evangelist, painted by Hans Memling in 1479 for the chapel of the
Hospital of St John in Bruges, offers several different examples of
the use of saints’ attributes for identiﬁcation (Fig. 15). The central
panel shows the Virgin and Child enthroned in the centre, attended
56

15. Hans Memling, Altarpiece of St John the Baptist and St John the Evangelist (open state), Bruges, Hospital of St John, 1479

Christian Art

by a group of saints, two male, standing in the rearground, and two
female, seated or kneeling in the foreground. Such an arrangement
of saints around the Virgin and Child is often known by the Italian
term ‘sacra conversazione’. Although the term can be translated into
English literally as ‘holy conversation’, the ﬁgures are not usually
shown talking to one another: they simply coexist within the same
space. In fact, as Rona Goffen has pointed out, the older meaning of
the term ‘conversazione’, as used in the period when such paintings
began to be created, is ‘community’, and therefore we can think of
these paintings as representing a ‘holy community’. The two female
saints in the foreground are virgin martyrs, both of whose cults are
of uncertain origin, and who often appear together in arrangements
like this. On the right is St Barbara, who was alleged to have been
killed in the Emperor Maximian’s campaign of persecution against
Christians (c. 303). The Golden Legend tells the story of how her
father shut her up in a tower so that no man should see her, and the
tower thus became her attribute. In this altarpiece a small,
elaborately conceived architectural structure containing a tower is
placed on the ﬂoor behind the saint. In other representations she
holds a small tower in her hands. Her absorption in a book probably
makes reference to her decision to live as a hermit after her
conversion to Christianity. This conversion was unwelcome to her
father, and he handed her over to be condemned to death.
Unfortunately for him, the father met an untimely death, as he was
struck by lightning, and died. In what might seem a slightly strange
leap of association, St Barbara herself came to be invoked as a
protector against sudden death. Barbara’s equivalent on the left of
the altarpiece’s main panel is St Catherine of Alexandria, who wears
a crown in accordance with the tradition that she was of noble birth.
Like Barbara, she was supposed to have lived in the 4th century. She
refused marriage to the Roman Emperor because of her
Christianity, saying that she had given herself to Christ, as his bride.
She was persecuted and tortured because of this, before her eventual
martyrdom by beheading. This ﬁgure is identiﬁed as St Catherine in
several ways. First, the Christ-child makes physical contact with her,
placing a ring upon her ﬁnger. This makes reference to the saint’s
58

The two female saints are balanced by two male saints, who, as
the common name of this altarpiece would suggest, are the two
Sts John. The saint on the left points towards the Christ-child,
and his attribute is a lamb standing beside him. This immediately
identiﬁes the saint as St John the Baptist (see Chapter 2). The saint
on the right holds a chalice with a snake inside it. This object
identiﬁes the saint as the other St John, the Evangelist, the writer of
the Fourth Gospel, and the saint who was often depicted as present
at the Cruciﬁxion (see Chapter 2). The chalice with the snake makes
reference to a legend, from the apocryphal ‘Acts of John’, and
related in the Golden Legend, in which a priest of the goddess
Diana, at Ephesus, challenged John to drink a chalice of poison, as a
test of his faith in Christ. John survived the ordeal unharmed.
Although this legend came from an apocryphal source, it was as
well-known as the Gospel account of St John the Baptist’s reference
to the Lamb of God, and the chalice would have served to identify St
59

The saints

description of herself as ‘bride of Christ’. On the ﬂoor in front of the
saint we see a sword, which makes reference to her martyrdom by
beheading. A broken cartwheel on the carpet in front of Catherine
acts as an additional identifying attribute. This refers to one of the
tortures to which she was subjected, which involved being tied to a
wheel so that her body would be broken upon it as the wheel turned.
In fact, when Catherine’s torturers attempted this, the wheel itself
broke, as is indicated here by its incomplete state. Catherine’s wheel
gives its name to the spinning ‘Catherine Wheel’ ﬁrework, and
is the most common attribute in representations of this saint (e.g.
Raphael, St Catherine, London, National Gallery, c. 1507–08).
Sts Barbara and Catherine were very often depicted together, and
were generally invoked in times of adversity. However, they have
some further relevance in the context of the hospital for which this
altarpiece was produced. St Catherine, as the bride of Christ, is a
model for the chaste monastic community, and St Barbara, as a
protector against sudden death, would have been a comfort to
mortally sick patients, who would have feared the prospect of
dying without adequate preparation, and without the sacraments.

Christian Art

John the Evangelist just as easily as the Lamb identiﬁed the Baptist.
Like the ﬁgures of Catherine and Barbara, the two Sts John have a
more speciﬁc relevance to the context in which they appear. Their
attributes – the Lamb of God and the chalice – work on another
level here, beyond their character as objects to identify the saints.
They serve to recall the eucharist, which would have taken place on
the altar in front of this painting. John’s words ‘This is the Lamb of
God, who takes away the sins of the world’ (John 1: 29), are spoken
by the priest during the consecration, in the liturgical service of the
mass. John the Evangelist performs a gesture of blessing over the
chalice, as the priest would have done during the consecration of
the wine. Thus these saints remind viewers of the efﬁcacy of the
eucharist, taking place on the altar in front of them, just as the body
of the Cruciﬁed Christ and the Lamb of God with the chalice did in
the Isenheim altarpiece’s Cruciﬁxion (Chapter 2).
Like the Isenheim altarpiece, Memling’s St John altarpiece has
wings, enabling it to be opened and closed. The interiors of the
wings, on show when the altarpiece was open, contain additional
narrative representations of the two Sts John, further emphasizing
their importance as patrons of the hospital. On the left we see the
beheading of St John the Baptist, and the placement of his head on
a silver platter. On the occasion of King Herod’s birthday feast, his
wife’s daughter Salome pleased the king with her dancing, and he
offered her anything she wanted as a reward. She demanded the
head of John the Baptist, on a plate, and John was duly executed. In
the far background of the left wing we see the birthday feast taking
place, with Salome’s dance shown as a sort of ‘prequel’ to the action
of the execution in the foreground. The narrative on the right wing
concerns not the death of St John the Evangelist, but the visions of
the Apocalypse that he received on the island of Patmos, towards
the end of his life and which were recorded in the Book of the
Apocalypse, or the Book of Revelation, the last book of the Bible.
(We see John setting off for Patmos on his boat, after his torture and
banishment in the background of the central panel, to the right of
the standing ﬁgure of St John.) In the rainbow-mandorla in the
60

The representation of saints and their attributes continues onto
the outside of the altarpiece. On the exterior surfaces of the wings,
visible when the altarpiece was closed, are depicted the donors of
the altarpiece, two monks and two nuns of the hospital, each
accompanied by his or her patron saint. The saints are identiﬁed
in the normal way, by their attributes, and are, from left to right:
St James, with his pilgrim’s staff and bag; St Anthony, dressed in his
black monastic robes; St Agnes, carrying a lamb (a pun on the
closeness of her name to the Latin for lamb, agnus); and St Clare,
who wears the robes of the order of Poor Clares which she founded,
and carries a monstrance containing the Blessed Sacrament. (This
latter attribute recalls the account of the attempted sacking of the
city of Assisi by the armies of Emperor Frederick II, which was
supposed to have failed when Clare came to the walls of the city
with a pyx containing the eucharist.) This quartet of saints on the
outer wings is, like the saints within, identiﬁed by the appropriate
garments or attributes. Therefore members of the community
61

The saints

top left corner of the right wing an angel shows John the vision of
God enthroned, with the Lamb, surrounded by the four beasts of
the Apocalypse, and the Elders (Rev. 4). The four horsemen of the
Apocalypse (Rev. 6: 1–8) ride across the centre of the panel. On the
right of the wing, in the background, we see many of the events
described in the middle chapters of Revelation, including the
eclipse of the sun and the stars falling from the sky (Rev. 6: 12–13),
hail and ﬁre raining on the land (Rev. 8: 7), the burning mountain
being hurled into the sea, destroying the ships (Rev. 8: 3–5), and a
star falling into the rivers and springs (Rev. 8: 10). Above all this, in
the sky, is the Woman of the Apocalypse (see also Chapter 4),
threatened by the dragon which is defeated by St Michael (Rev. 12).
Memling has thus incorporated an extraordinary amount of detail
into this panel, relating many events from the text of Revelation
with a high degree of faithfulness to the text. The visual narrative, so
close to the text written by John, serves as another attribute of the
saint, identifying his achievement as the visionary who made
known the future events of the Apocalypse.

Christian Art

would have been able to identify the saints, and would have been
encouraged to offer prayers to them, hoping for their intercession
and protection. But the saints here, sharing the name of the person
with whom they stand, also act as attributes themselves, identifying
the individual donors. It was common for people to be particularly
devoted to the saint or saints who bore their own name, and to
regard this saint as having a particular patronal or protective role.
Therefore, viewers would have expected the person standing with St
James to be called James, the person with St Anthony to be called
Anthony, and so on. Thus, by consulting the records of the hospital
from the relevant years, it is possible to work out that the quartet of
donors is, from left to right, Jacob (James) de Ceuninc, Antheunis
(Anthony) Seghers, Agnes Casembrood, and Clara van Hulsen. The
four saints, with their commonly recognizable attributes, would
have helped contemporary – and later – members of the hospital
community to recognize and remember those individuals who had
been responsible for the creation of the altarpiece, and would have
encouraged them to offer prayers for these individuals, in thanks for
their gift which was a beneﬁt to the whole community.
This system of intercessory prayer came under attack during the
16th-century Reformation and in Protestant churches images of
the saints tended to be replaced by images of Christ. Saints’ shrines
were destroyed, and the precious metalwork and jewelled shrine
caskets were broken down for their raw materials. Therefore most
images of the saints in European art after the 16th century are from
the Roman Catholic tradition (see Chapter 5 for further detail).
The Catholic church continued to promote the saints as worthy of
devotional prayer, and as effective agents of intercession, as well as
virtuous models to be followed and emulated. Patrons and donors
of works of art continued to associate themselves with their
name-saints. In Rome, in the late 16th century, a French cardinal
named Mathieu Cointrel, remembered today by his Italianized
name, Matteo Contarelli, endowed a chapel in the church of S. Luigi
dei Francesi and arranged for the walls, altarpiece, and ceiling of
the chapel to be painted with scenes from the life of St Matthew, his
62

patron saint. Contarelli died in 1585, having made preliminary
arrangements for the decoration of the chapel, but with the project
barely having been begun. Eventually, at the very end of the 1590s,
the clergy at S. Luigi took responsibility for the completion of the
chapel, and gave the commission for the painting to Michelangelo
Merisi. This painter is now more commonly known as Caravaggio,
having been known during his career as Michelangelo da
Caravaggio, after his family’s home town, 43 km east of Milan.
Caravaggio was to paint the Calling of St Matthew for the left wall of
the chapel, and the Martyrdom of St Matthew on the right wall,
accompanied by an image of St Matthew and the Angel above the
altar. The paintings for the two side walls were ﬁnished in 1600,
and we will look at just one of these here, the Martyrdom of
St Matthew (Fig. 16).

The saints

16. Caravaggio (Michelangelo Merisi), Martyrdom of St Matthew,
Rome, S. Luigi dei Francesi, Contarelli chapel, 1600
63

Christian Art

This painting, on canvas, is a far larger work than anything
Caravaggio had produced in his earlier career. This large scale, and
the drama of the action and of the human emotion portrayed, is
characteristic of the emerging style utilized during the Catholic
Counter-Reformation. In the years following the Council of Trent
(see Chapter 5) art produced for the Catholic church sought to
arouse viewers’ emotions, and to assault their senses with scale,
drama, and action. Images of the saints focused often on their
physical suffering or endurance during torture and martyrdom,
in an effort to make clear, with a striking forcefulness, the
implications of the saints’ Christian witness. Caravaggio’s
Martyrdom of St Matthew uses a number of devices to heighten
the tension, including dramatic action, varied responses in the
onlookers, and dramatic lighting effects. Contarelli’s original
instructions for the painting stipulated that the scene had to
integrate

a large number of all sorts of men, women and children, old, young
and babies . . . for the most part, frightened by the event, creating
contempt in some and compassion in others . . .

The Golden Legend stated that the saint had been murdered during
his mission to Ethiopia, while celebrating mass, on the instruction
of the heathen King Hirtacus. Although a stone altar, with its
inlaid cross, and the steps up to the altar, are clearly indicated,
the rest of the ecclesiastical structure is suggested only by a few
shadowy columns on the left: the rest of the church has disappeared
into the dark background which was, by this time, becoming
characteristic of Caravaggio’s paintings. The fall of light emphasizes
the standing assassin in the centre, straddling the body of the
saint who has been knocked to the ground by the force of the fatal
blow he has received. Blood stains the saint’s clothing, and we are
alerted to the inevitability of Matthew’s death by his reaching to
grasp the martyr’s palm that is offered to him by an angel hovering
in clouds above the altar.
64

65

The saints

The assassin grabs St Matthew’s wrist, making a physical
connection between the two men, and creating a visual axis for
the painting, around which a centrifugal composition unfurls.
St Matthew’s other arm, hanging beneath the step upon which he
lies, and resting ﬂat on the next level down, leads the viewer’s eye to
the left. The right leg of the man in the bottom left corner leads the
eye left and upwards, and the glances and gestures of the ﬁgures in
the crowd on the left continue the movement across, over and
beyond the executioner, helped by the downwards curve of the
martyr’s palm, to the terriﬁed child and the cringing youths on the
right. These ﬁgures are cut off by the edges of the picture plane,
suggesting that the centrifugal movement might continue
outwards, perhaps encompassing the viewer, and this helps further
to involve the viewer in the action of the painting. A full range of
human emotions is conveyed by the different gestures, poses, and
facial expressions of the onlookers, and this, again, helps to involve
the viewer, not just informing him or her as to the salient events,
but also suggesting the ways in which witnesses might have felt in
experiencing those events at ﬁrst hand. This is a rather different
approach to a saint’s martyrdom from that seen in Memling’s
depiction of the death of St John the Baptist, for example, where the
martyrdom is not without violence, but does not seek to create the
kinds of strong emotional reaction sought by the Catholic painters
of the post-Reformation period. By the arousal of emotion, artists
sought to enhance viewers’ involvement in the religious narratives
and to heighten their devotion to the saints depicted. This different
approach to narrative was partly enabled by a different and more
complex attitude to the potential of narrative painting itself, which
developed during the later Middle Ages.

Chapter 4
Images and narrative

It is often said, in the context of Christian art, that images function
as the ‘books of the illiterate’. The origin and context of this view is
not so often articulated, however. The saying arises with Pope
Gregory the Great (590–604), the pope who received the vision
of the Man of Sorrows during the mass (Chapter 2). In a letter to
St Serenus, the bishop of Marseilles, Gregory expressed the view
that ‘What writing does for the literate, a picture does for the
illiterate looking at it, because the ignorant see in it what they ought
to do’ and ‘Painted likenesses [are] made for the instruction of the
ignorant, so that they might understand the stories and so learn
what occurred.’
According to Gregory images could fulﬁl a useful purpose, not
only in stimulating religious feelings, but also in conveying the
important messages of the scriptures to those who could not read
them. What exactly did ‘illiterate’ mean in this context? It used to be
assumed that the ordinary lay population in the earlier medieval
period was almost totally illiterate, and that only the most educated
of clerics had a decent knowledge of Latin. However, more recent
scholarship has discerned more subtle gradations and levels of
literacy, from a reasonable reading knowledge of the local
vernacular, through an ability to read and write in the vernacular
only, through the ability to read Latin, right up to the elites who
could not only read and understand Latin, but write elegantly in it
66

as well. Some laypeople might have had a basic ability to understand
some limited Latin, but might also have found pictures very
helpful in reminding them, or guiding them, as to the meanings of
the texts.

67

Images and narrative

In any case, the view that images were helpful to those whose levels
of literacy were not high enough to read the Latin scriptures
unaided became a widespread justiﬁcation for the decoration of
church buildings with images, and Christian writers from the time
of Gregory onwards reiterated this opinion. For example, the
Venerable Bede, the 8th-century monk of the monastery of
Wearmouth-Jarrow in the North of England, defended depictions
of sacred stories for instructive as well as ornamental purposes, so
that ‘those who are not capable of reading words may learn the
works of our Lord and Saviour by looking at these images’.
However, in another sermon, Bede introduced a slightly different
understanding of the effect of religious imagery when he remarked
that pictures could ‘recall to the memory of the faithful’ events such
as the Cruciﬁxion, or other Christian miracles. This is an important
distinction, as Bede appears to argue here that pictures can remind
viewers of that which they already know, rather than teach them
what they do not know, and what they cannot read in scripture. In
other words, Bede’s understanding of religious imagery here (and
that of several other later writers) is that such pictures fulﬁl a
recollective rather than an instructive function. Theologians of later
periods considered these different functions, and gradually a
position was arrived at whereby the church sanctioned and
encouraged the use of images both to instruct and to remind. St
Bonaventure (1221–74), the Minister General of the Franciscan
Order, established a tripartite defence of religious art: that images
were made for the uneducated, who may, through the images,
understand that which they cannot read in scripture; that devotion
is more likely to be aroused in those who see images of the deeds of
Christ than in those who merely hear about them; and that those
deeds are more likely to be remembered if they are seen than if they
are only heard. It is this sort of thinking that stimulated the

Christian Art

development of images such as the Man of Sorrows, or the mass
of St Gregory, discussed in Chapter 2, which rely for their efﬁcacy on
the viewer’s existing knowledge of the narrative context
surrounding the image. While it is common to interpret Gregory
the Great – and those who supported and developed his views – as
having described images in general as the ‘books of the illiterate’, it
is clear from Gregory’s letter that for him the instructive function of
religious pictures was particularly fulﬁlled by narrative images. A
narrative image, or storia in Latin, was distinguished from a nonnarrative image, such as an icon, which would be described as an
imago. An imago might represent a holy person, such as Christ, or
one of the saints (and was therefore much more problematic
because it might be thought to encourage or allow idolatry, as we
saw in the Introduction), whereas a storia represented an event, or
a set of events. It is this latter category of image that, according to
Gregory, could most usefully function as a substitute for the written
narratives of the scriptures, for those who could not read. This
section will focus on a few types of narrative imagery, in different
media, from different regions and dates, concentrating upon their
functions and upon the different relationships between image and
text that can be discerned in these narrative images.
Christianity was, from the start, a religion of the book. The New
Testament, originally written in Greek, and the Hebrew scriptures,
or Old Testament, were translated into Latin at the beginning of the
5th century ce, by St Jerome, and became the authoritative text of
Christianity. The combined text in Latin was known as the ‘Vulgate’,
because Latin was the ‘common’ (vulgatus) language of medieval
European scholars and churchmen. When Bible texts began to be
illustrated this tended to be done only with its individual books,
written and illustrated as separate entities. Among the earliest
surviving Bible illustrations are those from the so-called Cotton
Genesis in London (British Library, Cotton MS. Otho B. VI), dating
from the late 5th century. This manuscript was damaged in a ﬁre in
1731 but charred fragments remain of most of its original 330 or so
miniatures, forming an extensive visual narrative illustrating the
68

69

Images and narrative

Book of Genesis. From this period onwards individual books of the
Bible were written and illustrated, for use in religious services,
preaching, missionary activity, monastic observance and study
and, later, for private reading and prayer. The most important
types of illustrated books for religious practice in the earlier
Middle Ages were books containing the four Gospels, the ﬁrst four
books of the New Testament, and Psalters, containing the 150
Psalms from the Old Testament. Fragments of an early illustrated
Gospel book from Italy survive in Corpus Christi College,
Cambridge (MS. 286), with small narrative scenes from the life,
miracles, and Passion of Christ. The manuscript is known as ‘The St
Augustine Gospels’, and is believed to have been among the books
brought to England by St Augustine on his mission to convert the
English in 597. Missionaries would have used illustrated narratives
like this to explain the Gospel stories to those whom they wished to
convert, many of whom would have been illiterate and so would
have been unable to read the scriptures themselves. But narrative
images were also, of course, used and enjoyed by those who were
not necessarily using them as substitutes for written scripture, but
in order to illuminate and illustrate scriptural texts that they may
have known very well already. After the early use of illustrated
Gospel books and Psalters by preachers and missionaries, other
books of the Bible began to be produced in illustrated form, some
for the monastic and ecclesiastical milieux, but some also for private
individuals. One of the most popular of these was the Book of
Revelation, or the Book of the Apocalypse. About 140 illustrated
Apocalypse manuscripts survive from the era before printing, and
they continued to be produced in number in printed form. The
earliest illustrated Apocalypses date from the 9th and 10th
centuries, coming mostly from Germany and Spain, and these were
presumably designed for liturgical use or monastic study. There is
also a very large group of illustrated Apocalypse manuscripts from
England and France, produced between the mid-13th and the 16th
centuries. Although this group too was probably created initially for
clerical use, the Anglo-French Apocalypses increasingly came to be
made for wealthy and aristocratic lay patrons, including royalty.

Christian Art

The textual narrative of the Apocalypse lends itself to visual
illustration in a particularly appealing manner. The text is dramatic
and prophetic, taking place outside the bounds of historical time, as
a vision of the end of the world. It is also uniquely personal, as the
narrative consists of the visions experienced by the writer,
traditionally identiﬁed as the writer of the Fourth Gospel, John the
Evangelist. Therefore the text encourages illustrations replete with
emotion and human reaction. The earliest of the Anglo-French
illustrated Apocalypse manuscripts, as independent texts isolated
from the New Testament, probably appeared at some time in the
1240s. They quickly became popular, and there are some 76 AngloFrench examples from the 13th and 14th centuries surviving today.
One of the earliest surviving of these illustrated Apocalypses is The
Morgan Apocalypse (Fig. 17), with 83 delicately-tinted framed
drawings arranged in two registers on each page. The
extraordinarily enigmatic text of the Apocalypse invited
commentary and interpretation, and offered an extremely diverse
set of intellectual experiences for different users. The text and
illustrations could have been understood as commentaries upon
contemporary events, or as prophecies of calamity in the future, but
always with the calm ﬁnal message of the triumph of good over evil.
Commentators encouraged the reader to see in St John’s Book of
Revelation a reﬂection of events in the New Testament surrounding
Christ’s birth, life, and Passion, as well as a prediction of things to
come. Figures and events in the Apocalypse were identiﬁed with
biblical ﬁgures, so that, for example, the Woman of the Apocalypse,
whose child must be rescued from the dragon who was attempting
to devour it, was identiﬁed with the Virgin Mary, and her child was
identiﬁed with Christ. The dragon was identiﬁed with King Herod,
who initiated the Massacre of the Innocents in an attempt to
destroy the Christ-child.
It is clear that the beauty of these manuscripts must have appealed
to their patrons, regardless of (or besides) their religious or
prophetic content, and it has sometimes been suggested that, as
well as powerful commentaries on salvation history, these
70

17. The Woman of the Apocalypse and St Michael Killing the Dragon,
from The Morgan Apocalypse, New York, Pierpont Morgan Library,
MS. M. 524, fo. 8v, c. 1255–60

Christian Art

manuscripts were also something of a medieval ‘coffee-table book’,
providing an exciting tale to be read and enjoyed, sometimes
equated with medieval romances. As well as this, however,
Apocalypse manuscripts could certainly have been used as
instruments of personal, spiritual, or devotional contemplation, and
presumably this versatility partly fuelled their popularity. During
the 15th century the illustrated Apocalypse was made available to a
wider audience by the production of printed, block-book editions.
Block-book printing is a transitional form of publication between
manuscripts and printing with movable type, in which pictures and
text were produced by impressions made by individual wooden
blocks carved in relief. Sometimes only the pictures were produced
this way, with the text being inscribed later in ink. Six different
editions of block-book Apocalypses were produced between 1430
and 1470 (with many copies made from each different edition), and
these were based on a manuscript model that seems to have
descended from the Morgan Apocalypse, discussed above. Like the
Morgan Apocalypse, pages were laid out with pictures in two
registers, and with a minimal Latin text in captions and speech
scrolls.
The mental habit of seeing the Apocalypse text as a prophecy of
things to come, and relating it back to events in the New
Testament, was part of a much larger medieval practice of
typological thought. Typology is a method of interpreting certain
persons and events in the Old Testament as foreshadowing the
deeds of Christ in the New Testament. So, for example, Moses, the
leader charged with delivering the Hebrews out of slavery in
Egypt, and leading them into the Promised Land (Exodus 12:
37–14: 31), was seen as a foreshadowing of Christ, who delivered
humankind into eternal salvation by his death on the cross. The
Hebrews’ journey out of Egypt was seen as a foreshadowing of
Christ’s own journey and return in the Flight into Egypt
(Matthew 2: 13–23). The elements in these typological
relationships are known as ‘types’ or ‘archetypes’ in the Old
Testament, and ‘antitypes’ in the New Testament. Thus Moses is a
72

The earliest copies of the Biblia Pauperum were 14th-century
manuscripts, but with the advent of the printed block-book, the
Biblia Pauperum became available to a much wider audience,
and began to be owned not just by clerics and preachers, but by
laypeople also. As with the block-book Apocalypses, the
woodblocks used for the Biblia Pauperum images used
manuscript cycles as their inspiration. The early examples of the
block-book Biblia Pauperum contained, like their manuscript
models, 34 pages of images. Later, expanded versions were
produced, with 40 pages of images, and most of the surviving
examples follow this format. One example of the 40-leaf Biblia
Pauperum is now in the British Library. Each page carries one
antitype, in the middle of the page, with panels at the sides
depicting types from the Old Testament (occasionally the types are
from the Gospels or the Book of Revelation). Above and below this
central triptych are two pairs of relevant prophets or patriarchs,
with their names in scrolls, and with extracts from the relevant
prophetic texts, to elucidate the nature of the typological
relationships being drawn.
73

Images and narrative

‘type’ of Christ. This system underlined the unity of the Old and
New Testaments, with the New Testament being seen as a
fulﬁlment of the Old. As we have seen, connections were routinely
made in Apocalypse illustrations and commentaries between the
events portrayed therein and events in the New Testament. But a
much more formal and extensive series of typological relationships
formed the centre of a group of texts that were extremely popular in
the late Middle Ages and early modern period, known as Biblia
Pauperum, literally ‘Bibles of the Poor’. (This term was originally
used when referring to biblical summaries produced for mendicant
friars and clerics, for whom poverty was an important part of their
religious lifestyle. Therefore the reference to ‘the Poor’ probably
refers to the churchmen who would have used them in teaching and
preaching, and does not indicate that the books themselves would
have been produced, originally, for poor people or even for
laypeople.)

Christian Art

The illustration of the Cruciﬁxion in this British library book
(Fig. 18) contains several elements with which we have already
become familiar, including the slumped ﬁgure of Christ, with his
head bowed to one side, and the swooning Virgin, supported here
not by her female companions, but by St John the Evangelist.
The Old Testament types are two episodes that were very wellknown, traditional preﬁgurations of the Cruciﬁxion, Abraham’s
Sacriﬁce of Isaac (Genesis 23: 7–18) on the left, and Moses and the
Serpent of Brass (Numbers 21: 4–8) on the right. The inscription
beneath the image of Abraham explains that ‘The father sacriﬁces
this boy who signiﬁes Christ’. The parallel with Christ is obvious:
God the Father sacriﬁced his son, as a result of his love for
humanity. Abraham, as the text panel above the image explains, was
prepared to sacriﬁce his son, as a result of his obedience to God,
who put Abraham to the test. At the last moment, just as Abraham
was about to kill his son, an angel appeared and stopped the
sacriﬁce, offering a ram to be sacriﬁced instead. This moment of the
narrative is clearly indicated in the image, with the angel grabbing
Abraham’s arm, in which is lifted the sword, and with the ram, the
substitute sacriﬁce, in the foreground of the image. Isaac kneels
quietly, with his back turned to his father, so that, despite the drama
inherent in the message of the episode, the visual representation
itself is rather still.
The episode of Moses and the Serpent, on the right, focuses more
upon the salvation obtained as a result of Christ’s death than
upon a father’s willingness to sacriﬁce his son. The inscription
beneath the image of the serpent, raised up on a stake, declares
that ‘The hurt are healed when they look at the serpent’. As the
text panel above the image explains, the Israelites, while in the
Egyptian desert, had been plagued by serpents with a poisonous
bite. Moses sought the advice of God, and was instructed to
fashion a serpent out of brass, and raise it up on a stake. Anyone
who had been bitten by a poisonous serpent looked at the brass
serpent and lived (Numbers 21: 6–10). As the Biblia Pauperum
text explains:
74

18. The Cruciﬁxion, from the Biblia Pauperum, London, British
Library, Blockbook C.9 d.2, c. 1470

The serpent hung up and stared at by the people signiﬁes Christ on
the cross, whom every believing person who wishes to be rid of the
serpent (that is, the devil) should gaze upon.

Christian Art

In the foreground two unfortunates are attacked by serpents.
Behind them Moses points at the brass serpent, guiding the rest of
the onlookers to gaze upon it.
The three images of Abraham and Isaac, the Cruciﬁxion, and Moses
and the Serpent are arranged within the pseudo-architectural
framework so that there is a visual axis across the three that invites
the direct comparison of the boy Isaac, Christ, and the serpent.
Thus the artist has arranged the two Old Testament compositions
so that the direct types of Christ – Isaac and the serpent – are closest
to the inside edge of the picture plane in each case, as close to the
Cruciﬁed Christ as possible. This helps the viewer to make the
necessary connections, and the texts above and below each Old
Testament image explain the signiﬁcance of the chosen types. Four
texts from the prophets Isaiah, Habakkuk, Job, and King David
further help to show that Christ’s birth and death was foretold in
the Old Testament many times and in many ways. Finally, at the
bottom of the page, one phrase acts as an overall ‘caption’ to this
ensemble of text and image: ‘The suffering of Christ snatches us
from the gloomy abyss’.
Having looked at two examples of narrative imagery in books,
probably to be used by one or two individual viewers at a time, let
us now turn to some larger scale images, in mural paintings, on
the walls of churches, designed to be viewed by whole
communities and congregations. The most common subjects for
narrative imagery in early Christian church decoration were those
from the ﬁrst few books of the Old Testament – in particular, the
episodes from Genesis concerning the creation of the world, the
creation of Adam and Eve, their temptation and fall, and those
from Exodus concerning Moses and the Israelites. The great
basilicas of early Christian Rome depicted narrative imagery of
76

This arrangement, and this mode of ‘reading’ the narrative cycles,
was further developed in the other main basilicas of Christian
Rome, St Peter’s, St Paul’s, St John Lateran, and others. These
churches were probably decorated by the 5th century, like Santa
Maria Maggiore, but were refurbished and redecorated probably in
the 8th and 9th centuries. The interior of St Peter’s as we see it now
is the product of the 16th-century rebuilding programme, under
Bramante and Michelangelo, which completely replaced the
medieval basilica. However, we do have indications of the original
appearance of the medieval church (now normally known as Old
St Peter’s, to distinguish it from its Baroque successor), because of a
series of drawings by Jacopo Grimaldi. These drawings, carried out
during the ﬁrst two decades of the 17th century, show cross-sections
of the original interior, indicate the location of altars and
monuments, and reproduce, as far as possible, the parts of the
painted wall decorations that had survived up to the end of the
16th century. From Grimaldi’s drawings we can tell that the upper
77

Images and narrative

these subjects on their long nave walls, establishing systems for
the use of such pictorial decoration that continued to be emulated
in Christian churches throughout the Middle Ages and beyond.
These churches arranged cycles of narrative imagery – either
painted or in mosaic – that ran from the east end of the church to
the west end. The best preserved of these early narrative
decorations is in the church of Santa Maria Maggiore, where both
walls carry 5th-century mosaics depicting scenes from the Old
Testament, telling the story of the establishment of Israel through
to the lives of the patriarchs. These are arranged with the earliest
scenes on the left-hand wall, as a viewer looks at the altar, and the
later ones on the right. The pictorial ﬁelds are roughly square in
format, and each ﬁeld is divided into two superimposed zones.
Since each wall begins its narrative at the east end, at the apse,
this has the effect that the right-hand wall is followed in the
‘normal’ left-to-right disposition of western writing, whereas the
left-hand wall is read ‘back-to-front’, as it were, compared with
textual narrative.

zone of the nave walls contained large ﬁgures of apostles, standing
in pairs between the windows.

Christian Art

The cycles of narrative imagery began on the tier below, under the
windows, on the right wall. The narrative probably began with the
creation through to the life of Isaac, reading from left to right, from
the apse to the entrance wall. The narrative then returned to the
apse wall, where the viewer continued to follow the narrative by
studying the next level of the wall, again from left to right, apse to
entrance. This lower tier contained episodes from the stories of
Joseph and Moses. On the opposite wall, the left as one looks to the
altar, New Testament subjects were depicted, again beginning at the
apse end, and moving towards the entrance wall, in two tiers, but
this time, obviously, reading from right to left.

II. Layout of wall paintings at Old St Peter’s
78

79

Images and narrative

It is clear from Grimaldi’s notes and descriptions of the church, and
his drawings, that few of the cycle of 44 christological subjects
remained to be recorded by the 17th century, but it seems that the
cycle must have been an extensive collection of scenes from the life
of Christ, running from his Infancy to the Passion, and on into his
post-Resurrection apparitions and miracles. In the 17th century six
scenes were still visible (Diagram II), including the Baptism of
Christ, the Raising of Lazarus, the Harrowing of Hell, Doubting
Thomas, and the Blessing at Bethany. The Blessing at Bethany
scene is not mentioned in Grimaldi’s description, but is visible in
the drawing. Conversely, the Raising of Lazarus is mentioned in the
notes, but is not visible in the drawing. One scene that is very
clearly represented in Grimaldi’s drawing is the Cruciﬁxion, which
occupies the space of four of the normal-sized scenes. This places a
special emphasis on the event of Christ’s sacriﬁcial death, as the
central and climactic event of Christian narrative. This particular
emphasis on the Cruciﬁxion became to a certain extent traditional,
and was reproduced in other, later cycles of narrative imagery in
Rome and Central Italy, including Sant’Angelo in Formis (11th
century), St John Lateran in Rome (12th century), and the
Collegiate Church at San Gimignano in Tuscany (mid-14th
century). Another feature of the decoration of St Peter’s that was
widely copied in Italy was the typological disposition of Old and
New Testament imagery on opposite walls of the nave. In fact, it
has been suggested that no form of church decoration was more
common in medieval Italy than the juxtaposition of Old and New
Testament narrative cycles. Other early Christian basilicas in Rome
were decorated to a similar pattern as that found at Old St Peter’s.
The church of San Paolo fuori le mura (St Paul-outside-the-walls)
had a similar two-tiered scheme of narrative running from the apse
to the entrance wall, on both sides of the nave. In this case,
however, the Old Testament scenes were on the right wall, rather
than on the left, and were paired with scenes from the life of St Paul
on the left wall. (In fact, Old St Peter’s probably originally had a
cycle of St Peter on the right wall, until the 8th or 9th century,
when the Peter cycle was replaced by the life of Christ, and the

Christian Art

Petrine cycle was recreated in the right transept.) The church of St
John Lateran also seems to have used a typological scheme of
paired Old and New Testament scenes. Although there is no direct
evidence for the original decorations, because of the destruction
wrought by an earthquake in the late 9th century, the 17th-century
reconstruction by Francesco Borromini used the description made
in 787 by Pope Hadrian I to create a set of strongly linked
typological pairings. The system continued in Rome into the
Renaissance period: the Sistine chapel, the papal chapel decorated
between 1481 and 1483 under Pope Sixtus IV, also used
typologically paired Old and New Testament cycles, from the life of
Moses on the left wall, and the life of Christ on the right. The
Sistine chapel wall frescoes have always been recognized as strongly
inspired by the decorative scheme at Old St Peter’s, and were
almost certainly designed to make reference to the early era of the
Christian church in Rome, as a statement about the continuity of
the church.
In order to explore an example of how traditional typological
juxtaposition and the opposition of different narrative cycles could
be made to perform even more complicated devotional and
interpretative functions, let us turn, for the remainder of this
chapter, to the church of S. Francesco at Assisi. Here, the earliest
painting on the nave walls recalls the old Roman typological
schemes. In the upper parts of the nave bays, ﬂanking the long twolight windows, are two tiers of painted scenes, carried out by various
Roman painters, under the initial direction of Jacopo Torriti,
probably beginning in the 1280s. As with Old St Peter’s, this part of
the decoration of S. Francesco in Assisi comprises scenes from the
Old Testament on the right wall, placed opposite scenes from the
New Testament on the left. The narrative of the Old Testament
begins with the creation, at the apse end of the upper tier of the right
wall, and goes through eight scenes, including the fall and the
expulsion of Adam and Eve, and ending with the murder of Abel by
Cain. The direction of the narrative then returns to the apse end,
and drops down a tier, as it did at Old St Peter’s, running through
80

eight more scenes, from the building of the ark, through episodes
concerning Abraham and Isaac, Jacob and Esau, and Joseph and his
brothers. The left wall comprises an Infancy cycle in the upper tier,
running from the Annunciation to the Baptism of Christ, and a
Ministry/Passion cycle in the lower tier, from the Feast at Cana and
the Raising of Lazarus at the apse end to the Resurrection at the
entrance end. As with St Peter’s, the Old Testament scenes were read
left to right, and the New Testament scenes right to left. The parallel
of text and image in terms of left-to-right reading order was thus
sacriﬁced in favour of achieving a parallel reading direction of the
typologically paired schemes, from apse to entrance. This allowed
the earlier parts of the narrative on each wall to be paired with the
early parts of the narrative on the other wall, and so on. Unlike Old
St Peter’s, however, the scenes at S. Francesco are all roughly the
same size, so the Cruciﬁxion is not given more space.

81

Images and narrative

The two tiers of biblical images follow more or less the narrative
structure of the Bible text itself, and are concerned with the
recording of events by the use of images that repeat visually the
essential features of the relevant textual narratives. But below the
Old and New Testament scenes is another register of imagery,
recording the life of St Francis of Assisi, who is buried in this church.
This Franciscan cycle was painted after the biblical scenes, perhaps
in the 1290s, by a workshop that probably contained both Roman
and Central Italian painters. Some people have even seen the hand
of a young Giotto in this cycle, and others have seen Giotto as the
controlling master of this project. For the purposes of this inquiry,
however, the precise identity of the persons responsible for the cycle
is not relevant. This cycle of the life of St Francis, unlike the Old and
New Testament cycles, runs all the way around the interior of the
church, in one direction, from left to right, from the apse end of the
right wall, down to the entrance, across the interior of the entrance
wall, and up the other nave wall, still reading from left to right, to
the apse end of the left wall. In some respects this narrative cycle,
too, is closely dependent upon the text on which it is based, the
ofﬁcial Life of St Francis by Bonaventure, written in 1260. But there

are ways in which the visual narrative departs from the shape and
structure of the textual narrative, in order to make theological and
ideological points that are speciﬁcally dependent upon the visual
connections between individual scenes in this cycle, and between
scenes in this cycle and scenes in the biblical cycle above. For
example, the ordering of some scenes in the visual narrative departs
from the order in which they are presented in the textual Life of St
Francis. However, this does not compromise a chronological
‘reality’, as established by Bonaventure, as it is clear from his Preface
to his Life of Francis that chronological relationships took second
place in this text to thematic ones. Bonaventure declares:
To avoid confusion, I did not always weave the story together in
chronological order. Rather, I strove to maintain a more thematic
order, relating to the same theme events that happened at different

Christian Art

times, and to different themes events that happened at the same
time, as seemed appropriate.

In the cycle of visual narrative at Assisi, there is a notable departure
from the order of events even as recorded by Bonaventure. In
chapter 4 of Bonaventure’s text, it is recorded that St Francis
appeared miraculously to the Franciscan community at Arles, while
St Anthony of Padua was preaching to the brothers in the
chapterhouse, on the subject of the inscription on Christ’s cross:
‘Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews’ (John 19: 19). Francis was seen
in the doorway of the chapterhouse, ‘lifted up in mid-air, his arms
extended as though on a cross, and blessing the friars’. In the
painted cycle at Assisi, this scene appears much later in the
narrative than its placement in Bonaventure’s text (Diagram III).
Rather than appearing as the ninth scene, as it would if it appeared
in the chronological order of the text, it appears as scene eighteen,
and is consequently inserted between episodes that are recorded in
chapters 12 and 13 of Bonaventure’s text. On the whole, although
the artists have had to select a ﬁnite number of scenes to illustrate
from Bonaventure’s long text (28 in all), the painted narrative does,
for the most part, follow the order of the written text. So why is The
82

Apparition at Arles moved from where it would logically appear, if
following the order of the text, somewhere around the third bay of
the right wall, over to the entrance bay of the left wall? The answer
lies in the opportunity to make a point about the closeness of
Francis to Christ (Fig. 19).

The particular disposition of scenes in the next bay of the church
(Fig. 20) further emphasizes the representation of Francis’s
closeness to Christ. The scene depicting the death of Francis is
placed directly beneath the death of Christ on the cross, in the New
Testament cycle which, as we have already seen, was painted in the
upper part of the left wall (Diagram III). The viewer, seeing these
two scenes in close proximity, would have been further reminded of
Francis’s identity as an ‘alter Christus’, another Christ. In addition,
the particular disposition of the Franciscan scenes in this bay, with
The Death of St Francis on the left, and Visions of the Death of St
Francis immediately adjacent, allows the artist to express visually an
aspect of the narrative that Bonaventure found harder to convey. As
Bonaventure’s Life of Francis explains, at the time that Francis’s soul
83

Images and narrative

Francis was known by his followers as an ‘alter Christus’, another
Christ, and Bonaventure’s Life takes every opportunity to
emphasize the ways in which Francis’s life, and personal qualities,
were close to Christ. Throughout the text there are many references
to Francis’s devotion to, and constant meditation on, the Passion of
Christ. In moving The Apparition at Arles, so that it occurs
immediately next to The Stigmatization, the artist gains an
opportunity further to emphasize the closeness of Francis to Christ.
The artist places Francis centrally in the doorway of the Arles
chapterhouse, with ‘his arms extended as though on a cross’, thus
visually comparing Francis with the Cruciﬁed Christ. In the adjacent
scene of The Stigmatization Francis’s identity as ‘alter Christus’ was
made visibly clear. The saint, having imitated Christ throughout his
life, is rewarded with a direct physical manifestation of his closeness
to Christ, and receives the actual marks of Christ’s cruciﬁxion, the
wounds (stigmata) to his hands, feet, and side.

III. Layout of Assisi frescoes

the legend of st francis
Right lower wall
1.
2.
3.
4.

St Francis and the Madman
of Assisi
St Francis giving away his
Cloak
Dream of the Palace
St Francis before the Cruciﬁx
in S. Damiano

5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

St Francis repudiating his
Father
Dream of Innocent III
Conﬁrmation of the Rule
Vision of the Fiery Chariot
Vision of Fra Leone

10. St Francis and the Demons at
Arezzo
11. Trial by Fire
12. St Francis in Ecstasy
13. Institution of the Crib at Greccio

Entrance wall
14. Miracle of the Spring

15. Preaching to the Birds

16. Death of the Knight of Celano
17. St Francis preaching before
Honorius III
18. Apparition at Arles
19. Stigmatization

20.
21.
22.
23.
24.

Left lower wall
Death of St Francis
Apparitions of St Francis
Funeral of St Francis
Mourning of the Clares
Canonization of St Francis

25.
26.
27.
28.

Dream of Gregory IX
Healing of the Man of Ilerda
Resuscitation of a Woman
Liberation of Peter the Heretic

19. The Master of the Legend of St Francis, The Apparition at Arles and The Stigmatization of St Francis, Assisi,
S. Francesco, Upper Church, 1290s(?)

20. The Master of the Legend of St Francis, view of bay with The Death
of St Francis, Visions of the Death of St Francis and The Veriﬁcation of
the Stigmata, Assisi, S. Francesco, Upper Church, 1290s (?)

Christian Art

‘was freed from his body’, one of his disciples saw the soul ‘being
carried aloft . . . on a direct path to heaven’. This we can see in The
Death of St Francis: the friar kneeling behind Francis’s head, to the
left of the picture, looks upwards and points above to the image of
Francis’s soul being carried heavenwards by winged angels. At the
same time, the text relates, Brother Augustine, the minister of the
friars at another Franciscan community, distant from Assisi, was on
his deathbed. Suddenly, he sat up, and cried out that he could see
Francis on his way to heaven, and that he himself would soon follow.
Whereupon Brother Augustine died, and, as Bonaventure puts it,
his soul ‘followed his most holy father’. This is represented in the
next scene, the Visions of the Death of St Francis. The composition
and arrangement of the two adjacent scenes allows the artist to
depict Brother Augustine sitting up, and looking left and upwards,
as though he sees into the scene on the left. In this way, Augustine
does, indeed, appear to see the soul of Francis rising to heaven. This
allows the miraculous simultaneity of the two events to be expressed
very emphatically, and the signiﬁcance of the event is more easily
articulated in visual terms than in the original written text.
The general meaning of these two adjacent scenes – that at the
death of Francis his soul was seen rising to heaven by two different
followers, one physically present, and one physically distant – was
probably more or less comprehensible without a very deep
knowledge of the text upon which the images are based. But an
understanding of the direct signiﬁcance of the placement of The
Apparition at Arles, and of the juxtaposition of the death of St
Francis with the death of Christ, would probably have required a
little more textual knowledge.
We may now return to the idea of pictures such as these as ‘books
for the illiterate’. Could the ‘illiterati’ have learnt from these images
that which they could not read in texts? It would seem that those
who devised the programme at Assisi did not think that the
intended message carried by the images was obvious enough in
itself, as inscriptions were included beneath each scene. But these
88

inscriptions are in Latin, and so would not have been of much
beneﬁt to the ‘illiterati’. Even those people who could understand
vernacular Italian might have struggled to read the Latin extracts
from Bonaventure’s text beneath these images. As suggested earlier,
the combination of texts and images might have helped those whose
level of literacy in written Latin was not particularly high to piece
together what was going on in any of these images. But the fullest
impact of the rearranged placement of The Apparition at Arles, and
the symbolic value of its placement near The Stigmatization of
St Francis, would have required the viewer to know the narrative
structure of Bonaventure’s text well enough to note that the episode
was out of place here.

89

Images and narrative

The relationships between text and image, and between different
images, in the St Francis cycle are rich ones, especially when the
relationships are allowed to extend, typologically, to the
connections between the Francis cycle in the lower register and the
New Testament cycle above. This complexity suggests that, in this
instance at least, images were not simply acting as ‘books for the
illiterate’ and that the visual narrative of the St Francis cycle might
have been of relatively limited use for ‘instruction of the ignorant’.
The images might, with some direction, have been used to teach
people the story of St Francis’s life, but they are clearly designed
with a much more complex learned audience in mind, not least the
Franciscan friars themselves, some of whom would have known the
Latin of Bonaventure’s Life of Francis very well indeed, and would
have been able to use the images, and the inscriptions, together with
the written text, as highly developed meditative aids. These images
were a sophisticated development upon the early Christian
narrative images designed to illustrate and accompany a text.
Therefore, these texts and images, together, offer a range of reading
experiences for a range of viewers, and can be regarded as ‘books for
the illiterate’ only in a very limited sense: these and other similar
sets of narrative imagery have in fact been recognised by Hans
Belting as ‘learned statements in visual form’, perhaps originally
apprehended fully only by those with education and experience.

Chapter 5
Christian art transformed:
The Reformation

Besides general changes and developments in artistic and
architectural style, there have been several periods and processes of
conscious reform in Christianity that have resulted in greater or
lesser changes to art and its place in Christian worship and
observance, and to the appearance of Christian art and
architecture. These include the various periods of iconoclasm in
the early church, and the 12th-century reform movement within
western monasticism that resulted in the formation of the
Cistercian Order. But perhaps the most widespread and farreaching changes to the appearance of Christian art and
architecture, and the greatest reconsideration of the place of art
and images within Christian observance, occurred as a result of
religious reforms in 16th-century Europe. Although this period,
with its religious changes, is normally described as ‘The
Reformation’, this expression is really a shorthand for a number of
reforms and movements, both religious and political in nature,
that took place in different ways in different areas. Historians
often divide the changes into two main strands, ‘The Reformation’
or ‘The Protestant Reformation’, and ‘The Counter-Reformation’ or
‘The Catholic Reformation’. The ﬁrst of these strands is that
movement or collection of movements that gathered enough
momentum during the early 16th century to result in a Protestant
break with Rome and the continued development of distinct
Protestant communions and communities within the wider
90

Christian church. The second describes the process by which the
Catholic church was reorganized and reformed in the 16th century
and after. (The term ‘Counter-Reformation’ suggests, to some
commentators, that the reform and renewal of the Catholic church
was mainly or only a reactive process, forced on it by the Protestant
Reformation. For this reason, the term ‘Catholic Reformation’ is
often preferred in modern scholarship.)

At ﬁrst, theologians and reformers in the early 16th century
made few explicit statements concerning art per se. Martin Luther
(1483–1546), the Augustinian canon and lecturer at the University
of Wittenberg, is often identiﬁed as the ‘founder’ of Protestantism,
and the leader of the German Reformation, even though he himself
made no claims to spiritual leadership. Luther initially spoke out
against images only in terms of the money that it cost to produce
them, and which he believed could be better spent in other ways.
Then, as he further developed his doctrine of ‘justiﬁcation by faith’,
he came to a more particular position on images. This doctrine held
that believers were saved by faith in Christ and by the gift, freely
91

Christian art transformed

For the most part the Protestant Reformation affected the
production of Christian art in two ways: ﬁrst, in some branches of
Protestantism, the very existence and function of religious art was
called into question, and traditional religious art was removed
from some Protestant churches, either in violent outbreaks
of iconoclasm, or by more measured, ofﬁcial processes of
image-removal; secondly, where Christian art continued to be
produced, for the Catholic church, and for some less radical
Protestant reformers, such as the Lutherans, it now became
available as a polemical weapon in promoting the different
theological positions by which the various denominations deﬁned
themselves. There is not space here to consider in detail the
theology of the different Protestant reformers, and the different
forms in which Protestant observance developed after the early
16th century, except in so far as reformist views had an impact upon
attitudes towards, and production of, Christian art.

Christian Art

given, of grace from God. In developing this doctrine, Luther
sought to correct the prevalent Catholic belief in the saving power
of ‘good works’, whereby salvation was seen in some sense as the
product of a ‘bargain’ or ‘transaction’ between human beings and
God. The doctrine of ‘good works’ was manifested in several ways
in the late medieval church. First, and most objectionable to
Luther, was the trade in ‘indulgences’, by which the church
would grant remission of the penalties of sin, initially for the
performance of some worthy deed, such as a pilgrimage, but later
on for a more simple payment of a monetary fee. But beyond this
particular practice, there was a widespread belief that the
performance of ‘good works’ would obtain merit, or favour, with
God. It was in this connection that Luther saw a danger in
religious art: he became opposed to the endowment of artworks
with the intention of earning merit with God, although he
maintained the position that images, in themselves, were neutral,
neither good nor bad. Lutheran reformers, and the communities
that followed Luther’s attitude to images, did not seek to rid
churches of art entirely. In fact, Luther continued to praise the
educational merits of religious art, and to value its beneﬁts
for ‘children and simple folk’, echoing Gregory the Great (see
Chapter 4). He categorically opposed the instances of iconoclasm
that had been occurring in Wittenberg in the early 1520s, and
adopted a moderate stance towards images, even as he promoted
a word-based faith.
Other Protestant reformers were more hostile to images and
artworks, however. In Zurich, where Ulrich Zwingli (1484–1531)
gave expression to the Reformation in Switzerland, art was banned
from churches in 1524, and all images were removed (although
without any actual destruction or iconoclasm). Geneva followed
suit in 1535, where Jean Calvin (1509–64) had pronounced on the
making of images as a misunderstanding of the nature of God, and
upon attempts to depict God as an affront to his divine majesty.
These image-removals resulted in the ‘beautifully white’ church
interiors (in the words of Zwingli), such as those later immortalized
92

New altarpieces continued to be commissioned for Lutheran
churches, although they differed somewhat from their Catholic
predecessors in the images used. There was a growing focus upon
images based upon scriptural sources, particularly those concerned
with the life of Christ, his Passion, and Resurrection. The City
Church at Wittenberg, whose altar had been stripped by the
iconoclasts in 1522, received a new altarpiece in 1547, from the
workshop of Lucas Cranach the Elder (Fig. 21).
Cranach was court artist at Wittenberg to Duke Frederick the Wise,
Elector of Saxony, and thus found himself at the centre of the
Protestant Reformation in Germany. His altarpiece for the City
Church, in common with many Lutheran altarpieces, depicted the
Last Supper in the central panel, with the Cruciﬁxion below,
making clear the connection between Christ’s sacriﬁced body and
the eucharist. (Lutherans, unlike those who allied themselves with
the more extreme Protestant reformers, upheld the belief that the
93

Christian art transformed

in the paintings of church interiors by the 17th-century Dutch
artists Pieter Saenredam and Emanuel de Witte. Calvin, unlike
Luther, did not accept the utility of images for ‘children and simple
folk’, and afﬁrmed instead the role of the word of scripture, with a
direct opposition of word and image. In Calvin’s opinion, churches
should contain no images or cruciﬁxes at all, and should be adorned
only with inscriptions from the Bible. Thus in some strict Calvinist
communities, Christian art disappeared almost entirely from the
public, ecclesiastical sphere, and many Calvinist churches removed
traditional altarpieces and images of saints and replaced them with
textual tablets with biblical texts, the Ten Commandments, or the
Lord’s Prayer. Therefore, in such communities, the development of
reformist ideas changed the market for, and production of,
Christian art signiﬁcantly. Large ecclesiastical commissions for
altarpieces all but disappeared in many areas, and in others there
was a distinct reduction in the demand for many traditional types
of religious painting, including pictures of the saints, and of the
Virgin Mary.

21. Lucas Cranach the Elder, Last Supper Altarpiece, Church of
St Marien, Wittenberg, 1547

bread and wine of communion did not just represent or signify
Christ, but were, truly, his ﬂesh and blood, coexisting with the
physical elements of bread and wine. Luther’s principle objection to
the contemporary Catholic doctrine of the eucharist had been to its
scholastic philosophical explanation of the phenomenon of
transubstantiation.) In the wings of the altarpiece were placed
images of baptism and confession, the other two of the seven
traditional Catholic sacraments that Luther afﬁrmed (later Luther
recognized only two, baptism and eucharist). The Cruciﬁed Christ
appears in the centre of the predella panel, which also shows Luther
preaching to his Wittenberg congregation, thus afﬁrming the
importance of the Word. This painting, then, celebrates Luther, and
the central tenets of his version of Christianity, right in the
geographical centre of his own ministry.

95

Christian art transformed

Outside the ecclesiastical sphere, religious images were seen as
having an important role to play in the propaganda campaign
waged by Lutheran Reformers against the Catholic church and its
contemporary abuses. Most important were the printed pamphlets
and broadsheets, containing woodcut illustrations, which
criticized practices such as the sale of indulgences, promoted
Lutheran theology and doctrines, and which became an essential
component of Protestant rhetoric from the early years of the
European Reformation. Cranach in Wittenberg and Holbein in
Basle are probably two of the best-known exponents of Protestant
polemic in woodcuts. Cranach had been producing religious
woodcuts from the ﬁrst decade of the 16th century. As Luther’s
ideas developed and spread, Cranach worked closely with him,
producing woodcut illustrations for Luther’s translation of the
Bible into German (1522) and the later anti-papal tract Portraits
of the Papacy (1545). Cranach also worked with Philip
Melanchthon (a student and friend of Luther), producing a series
of paired woodcuts to accompany a text by Melanchthon
(Passional Christi und Antichristi, 1521) that contrasted the evils
of the contemporary papacy with the goodness of Christ in the
Gospels. This developed the traditional practice of typological

Christian Art

22. Hans Holbein the Younger, The Selling of Indulgences,
Basle, Öffentliche Kunstsammlung, c. 1522–3

juxtaposition that we saw in the block-books and wall-paintings of
Chapter 4. Holbein, too, created woodcuts translating Protestant
polemics into images. His woodcut of the Selling of Indulgences
(Fig. 22) compares within one image the papacy and the
contemporary clergy with Kings Manasseh and David, two
notorious sinners of the Old Testament, thereby commenting upon
the corruption of the modern church.
Many of these woodcuts thus turned old images to new ends, or
used old methods of juxtaposition and comparison of images in
order to create new messages. But as some old images were
turned to new, polemical purposes, other, completely new types of
images began to emerge which speciﬁcally represented some of
the new reformist doctrines that were being developed and
disseminated.
One particularly characteristic example of this phenomenon is
offered by the representation of the core Lutheran doctrine of
justiﬁcation by faith. New allegorical representations developed to
96

97

Christian art transformed

illustrate this, focusing around the juxtaposition of the Law and the
Gospel. These contrasted the era of the Old Law, before Christ, with
the era of the New Law or the era of Grace, under Christ, where
God’s merciful gift of grace devolves upon the faithful, irrespective
of individual believers’ good works or attempts to gain merit. Artists
developed this scheme in several ways, in drawings, paintings, and
woodcuts, and it became a stalwart of Protestant iconography for
the Lutheran reformist tendency. Hans Holbein the Younger
produced a particularly successful version of this Law and Gospel
theme, in a painting now in the National Gallery of Scotland in
Edinburgh (Fig. 23). The general composition of this painting owes
much to Cranach, in particular to a painting now in the National
Gallery in Prague. Several versions of this theme are known from
Cranach’s workshop, all of which utilize an antithesis between the
left side of the picture, containing scenes from the Old Testament,
and the right side, with scenes from the new Testament, divided by a
tree in the centre. In producing this composition, and its variant
versions, it has been assumed that Cranach was advised by a
reformist theologian, most likely Melanchthon, who mentioned in a
letter his custom of providing Cranach with advice on the content of
his religious paintings.

Christian Art

23. Hans Holbein the Younger, The Old Law and the New Law,
Edinburgh, National Gallery of Scotland, 1530s

It is most likely that Holbein’s painting dates from the 1530s,
painted after he had left Basle for England, and produced for an
English patron of reformist sensibilities. Holbein places a man in
the centre of the composition. The left side of the picture ﬁeld is
divided from the right by a tree that occupies the full height of the
picture. The tree is lifeless on the left, where the sky is dark, and
green and leafy on the right, against a brighter, blue sky. This
contrast indicates quite clearly that the right is the preferred side.
A ﬁgure stands to each side of Man (‘HOMO’), very pointedly
gesturing and drawing his attention to the right side of the picture.
One is the Prophet Isaiah, who points to the top right of the
composition, where a ﬁgure of the Christ-child, bearing the cross of
his future Cruciﬁxion, comes down out of the clouds towards the
Virgin Mary, who kneels as she does in some versions of the
Annunciation. The cross-bearing Christ-child is also an element
familiar from 15th-century northern European Annunciations, and
98

In the middle ground, below the ﬁgure of Moses, the Fall of Man is
represented by the Temptation of Adam and Eve, with the
inscription ‘PECCATUM’ (‘Sin’), and in the foreground is Death
(‘MORS’), represented by a skeleton in a tomb. The ﬁgure of Man in
the centre has his attention drawn away from this side, and towards
the right side of the picture, not only by Isaiah, but also by the ﬁgure
of John the Baptist, who points to the ﬁgure of Christ with his
Apostles. Christ is identiﬁed by his halo, and also by the inscription
‘AGNUS DEI’ (‘Lamb of God’), which makes use of the old and
instantly recognisable theme (that we have seen before) of John the
Baptist’s identity as the one who heralds Christ’s coming, and John’s
description (John 1: 29) of Christ as ‘the Lamb of God who takes
away the sin of the world’, which is itself inscribed beneath the ﬁgure
of John. In the right background, directly paralleling the brass
99

Christian art transformed

so it is obvious here that the vignette illustrates the moment of the
Annunciation, precisely fulﬁlling Isaiah’s prophecy, ‘Behold a virgin
shall conceive and bear a son’ (Isaiah 7: 14), which is inscribed in Latin
beneath him. In the background, behind the tree, an angelic ﬁgure
swoops down from the bright clearing in the clouds where the Christchild is seen, towards two shepherds guarding their sheep. This
evokes the Annunciation to the Shepherds, in which angels made the
shepherds aware of the Nativity of Christ. This element therefore
further drives home the point that what we see in the top right-hand
corner is the beginning of the earthly life of Christ, and thus the
inauguration of Man’s salvation. The ﬁgure of the Christ-child is
accompanied by an inscription ‘GRATIA’ (‘Grace’), which indicates
that the incarnation of Christ initiated the new era of grace. This is
contrasted with the old era of law, represented in the equivalent
position on the left-hand side of the picture, where Moses receives the
Ten Commandments, the Tablets of the Law, accompanied by the
inscription ‘LEX’ (‘Law’). Beneath the ﬁgure of Moses, in the
background, the Israelites who had been bitten by ﬁery serpents
(Numbers 21: 6–9) are shown gazing upon the serpent of brass, in the
hope of being healed. They are accompanied by the inscription
‘MYSTERIUM JUSTIFICATIONIS’ (‘Mystery of Justiﬁcation’).

Christian Art

serpent raised up in the desert, is the ﬁgure of Christ cruciﬁed, the
real source of Man’s justiﬁcation or salvation, labelled as
‘JUSTIFICATIO NOSTRA’ (‘Our Justiﬁcation’). This typological
juxtaposition of the Cruciﬁed Christ with the serpent of brass makes
use of another well-used and recognizable theme, as we saw in
Chapter 4. Finally, in the right foreground, the Resurrected Christ,
with his red and white banner of victory, steps from the tomb, and
tramples death and the devil. He is labelled ‘VICTORIA NOSTRA’
(‘Our Victory’) and indicates that Man gains his victory over death,
eternal life, by his faith in the gift of Christ’s death and resurrection,
not by any good works performed by Man himself.
This composition illustrates perfectly the doctrine of salvation
through faith and grace, and is therefore very much a product
of the Protestant Reformation. Whether or not it perfectly
reﬂects Holbein’s personal religious sensibilities, on the other
hand, is a question that continues to frustrate a simple answer.
Holbein has often been described as the supreme representative
of German Reformation art, and that judgement may be justiﬁed
(although Cranach surely lays some claim to that title also). But
where, precisely, Holbein stood on the religious questions of the
day is much harder to ascertain. It is known that Holbein made an
equivocal reply to the inquiry of 1530 into citizens’ religious
beliefs, set up in Basle by the reformist party. We learn from the
‘Registers of the Christian Recruitment’ that ‘Hans Holbein the
painter says that he needs a better explanation of Holy Communion
before he will go’. Later his name is included among those who
‘conform’ so it is presumed that on that issue, at least, Holbein fell
into line with the Basle reformers’ view of orthodoxy. Much has
been made of the apparent contradiction between this equivocation
and the strongly Lutheran character of the woodcuts mentioned
above, carried out in the ﬁrst half of the 1520s. But it must be
remembered that the Reformation was not a clearly uniﬁed and
homogeneous movement, and that ‘Protestantism’ – and its
Lutheran, Calvinist and other branches – was not yet clearly deﬁned
and agreed by all parties involved. In the 1520s and 1530s many
100

After the Council of Trent, with the strengthening of the process of
Catholic Reform and Counter-Reformation, and the continued
codifying and increasing deﬁnition of religious positions – Catholic,
101

Christian art transformed

conﬂicting beliefs and interests coexisted in the areas where
reformist views generally held sway, just as conﬂicting beliefs and
interests had always been a part of the so-called universal Catholic
church of the Middle Ages. It may be, as several scholars have
argued, that Holbein had a general sympathy towards reform.
Nevertheless, the existence of Lutheran broadsheets by Holbein
on the subject of indulgences and the importance of a
Christ-centred faith, and his production of an example of this law
and grace theme, does not necessarily deﬁne clearly his own faith.
Holbein might well have been opposed to the trafﬁc in indulgences,
and sympathetic towards the doctrine of ‘justiﬁcation by faith
alone’ throughout the 1520s and 1530s. But neither of these
sympathies would necessarily preclude his having doubts about the
reformist theology of the eucharist, which is all that the Basle
‘Registers of Christian Recruitment’ tell us. In fact, the Lutheran
position on the eucharist was only codiﬁed at the Diet of Augsburg
in 1530, and belief in ‘justiﬁcation by faith alone’ was not
necessarily a deﬁning sign of Protestant allegiance until deﬁned as
such by the Catholics at the Council of Trent (1545–63). Therefore,
none of what we see in Holbein’s art at this time deﬁnitively
identiﬁes his own religious sensibilities. And the much more
important point here is to recognize that Holbein’s religious
artworks are probably not self-generated statements of his own
religious position. Whatever Holbein’s personal sensibilities, he had
to work, and had to attract commissions. Artists in this fastchanging and ill-deﬁned political and religious climate adapted
quickly to shifting conditions if they wanted to maintain their
business. In the uncertain conditions of the early years of what we
now call the Reformation, it does not follow from Holbein’s
acceptance of commissions for patrons of reformist sensibilities
that through these commissions he sought to express a deﬁnitive
version of his own spirituality.

Christian Art

Lutheran, Calvinist – the character of Catholic and Protestant art,
correspondingly, became increasingly deﬁned. By the 17th century,
in areas that had remained loyal to – or returned to – the old faith,
Christian art continued to be commissioned as a powerful
polemical weapon, promoting the Catholic view of Christianity.
This was characterized by a continued and strengthened adherence
to the Virgin Mary, and to Marian doctrines and representations
that had been attacked by Protestants, such as the Virgin’s
Assumption and her Immaculate Conception (see Chapter 1), to
the saints (see Chapter 3), and to the seven sacraments, with a
particular emphasis on the eucharist, in the particular doctrinal
form as deﬁned by the Catholic church. Just as certain areas of
Europe, such as Germany, Switzerland, and the Netherlands, had
fostered and encouraged Protestant reform in the 16th century, so
other areas became particular bastions of Catholic reform and
Counter-Reformation in the 17th century. In the Southern
Netherlands, now Belgium, political radicalism and resistance to
the Spanish Habsburg monarchy in the 1570s under the auspices
of Calvinist reform had produced a conservative reaction in
favour of the monarchy and Catholicism. The Southern provinces
were retrieved for Spain, and by the end of the 16th century
Spanish-backed Catholic archdukes, ruling from Brussels, oversaw
the recovery of the area for Catholicism. Meanwhile the Northern
provinces remained independent and Protestant. Just as with the
Protestant Reformation in the 16th century, so Catholic reform and
the Counter-Reformation proceeded differently in different areas,
and produced different types and styles of art (and architecture)
as it developed.
In general, Catholic, Counter-Reformation art, emanating
originally from Rome, adopted the energetic style of the Italian
Baroque. Catholic churches were designed and refurbished in
accordance with a general attempt to present the religious
experience as an assault on one’s physical senses, such that one’s
bodily attention would be captured, and then the mind’s attention
caught also. Elaborate and highly decorated interiors, sculpted,
102

painted, and gilded, ﬁlled with candles, addressed themselves to the
sense of sight, while new, polyphonic music for the liturgy, and
the use of incense, appealed to the senses of sound and smell.
But while it is possible, in some senses, to identify a very general
style of Counter-Reformation art, Italian, Spanish, and Flemish
(Southern Netherlandish) Counter-Reformation art each has its
own character and style, as did the pre-Reformation art of those
areas. Having seen at least one example of Spanish CounterReformation art (Velázquez’s Immaculate Conception, Fig. 7) and
Italian Counter-Reformation art (Caravaggio’s Martyrdom of St
Matthew, Fig. 16) in earlier chapters, let us here brieﬂy consider
one image by Peter Paul Rubens, the most forceful proponent of
Counter-Reformation art in the Southern Netherlands.

An excellent example of this sort of work is Rubens’s Real
Presence of the Eucharist (Fig. 24), in Antwerp’s church of St Paul.
The Catholic church was seeking to restore faith in the
sacraments, and particularly in the real presence of Christ in the
eucharist. The majority of Protestant reformers had come to see
the Communion as simply a commemoration of the Last Supper,
and did not accept the Catholic view that Christ’s body and blood
became really and fully present during the mass, as a result of the
103

Christian art transformed

Rubens was born in Siegen, in Westphalia, in 1577. In 1598 he
became a master painter in the Antwerp painters’ Guild of St Luke,
and soon after that, in 1600, went on an extended trip to Italy and
Spain, where he was exposed to the work of Renaissance artists
such as Raphael and Michelangelo in Rome, and experienced the
growing religious and cultural effects of the Counter-Reformation
in Southern Europe. When he returned to Antwerp in 1608 Rubens
found himself in a city that was being renewed under the Catholic
regime of the Archduke Albert and Isabella, where many churches
that had been damaged during the instability of the second half of
the 16th century were being redecorated, and new works of art of a
distinctively reformed Catholic sensibility were being
commissioned.

24. Peter Paul Rubens, The Real Presence of the Eucharist, Antwerp,
Church of St Paul, 1609–10

Elsewhere in the Netherlands, in the independent Dutch territories
of the North, where Jean Calvin’s vision of Protestant reform
remained dominant, the market for altarpieces and ofﬁcial
105

Christian art transformed

process of transubstantiation, effected by the priest’s consecration,
or blessing of the bread. Therefore one of the crucial tasks that
reformed Catholicism set itself was to restore and strengthen faith
in, and devotion to, the eucharist as the actual manifestation of
Christ’s body on earth. The veneration and adoration of the
eucharist was encouraged. New congregational devotions were
developed, such as benediction, where the congregation were
blessed with the host – the consecrated eucharistic bread – and
the host was exposed to view in elaborate and precious
monstrances designed for its display. In addition, images were
commissioned that were designed to encourage the proper
attitude towards the eucharist, and to demonstrate the ways in
which the faithful should behave and think in its presence.
Rubens’s painting is one of those. It was carried out in 1609–10,
to stand on the altar of the chapel of the Holy Sacrament in St
Paul’s church, where it still remains. In the centre of the panel, a
monstrance containing the host is displayed on an altar,
surrounded by saints, monks, and other churchmen. In the
foreground theologians and philosophers consult and discuss a
text which, it may be presumed, expounds the eucharistic
doctrine. Above, cherubs display supporting texts, and surround a
heavenly burst of light and cloud that reveals God above, and the
dove of the Holy Spirit below him, with rays of light falling on the
monstrance below. In this image we are invited to recognize this
triad as the three persons of the Trinity: God the Father (the ﬁrst),
the Holy Spirit (the third), and the host in the monstrance, which
is, according to the doctrine of the real presence, Christ, the
second person of the Trinity. By the use of this well-known – and
undisputed – concept of the Trinity, this painting succeeds in
producing a literal and forceful representation of the CounterReformation concern with the real presence of Christ in the
eucharist.

Christian Art

ecclesiastical art was now non-existent. The private art market
became dominated by landscapes, portraiture, and scenes of
everyday life. Nevertheless, religious art continued to be produced,
even in the Protestant Dutch Republic, and Rembrandt van Rijn
was a particularly important exponent of this. Rembrandt was born
in Leiden in 1606, attended Leiden University, and after some time
he moved to Amsterdam, where he was apprenticed to Pieter
Lastman, one of the foremost painters of his generation, a Catholic
who had worked in Italy. In Amsterdam Rembrandt produced some
large-scale, dramatic paintings, such as the ﬁve scenes of Christ’s
Passion, from the Raising of the Cross to Christ’s Ascension into
Heaven, which he produced for Frederick Henry of Nassau, Prince
of Orange, in the 1630s. However, the market for commissions
of this sort was relatively restricted in Protestant Amsterdam,
and much of Rembrandt’s religious work is represented by
smaller scale paintings and drawings, many produced not in
response to direct commission, but as a result of the painter’s
own choice.
Rembrandt has sometimes been characterized as a painter unique
in giving artistic expression to Protestant sensibilities. This is
clearly an exaggeration, as our consideration of Cranach’s and
Holbein’s work in 16th-century Germany, Switzerland, and
England makes clear. But much of Rembrandt’s work is often seen
as exhibiting a general afﬁnity with Protestant sensibilities. Many of
Rembrandt’s religious artworks focus on biblical narratives. This
contrasts with the renewed concentration on the saints, the Virgin
Mary, the sacraments, and the authority and hierarchy of the
earthly church, which one ﬁnds in Catholic painting of the time.
In addition, the pared-down, rather minimal style of some of
Rembrandt’s work is in contrast to the dramatic, emotional assault
on the senses with which Counter-Reformation art expressed the
world-view of the Catholic church. As Mariet Westermann has
suggested, ‘intimate renderings of biblical stories’ were
Rembrandt’s ‘distinctive contribution to religious painting’.
However, it is difﬁcult to be certain about Rembrandt’s personal
106

In most representations of this parable, much narrative detail is
present, with literal renderings of the biblical description (Luke 15:
11–32) of the activities of family members and servants,
preparations for the feast, and the bringing of new clothes for the
returned son. Other representations focus upon the son’s dramatic
repentance and remorse, with extravagant gesture or contorted
facial expression. Here, in contrast, the son is quiet, and buries his
107

Christian art transformed

religious outlook. His parents were married in a Calvinist church,
but may not necessarily have been particularly committed to
Calvinism. Rembrandt himself seems not to have been an ofﬁcial
member of the Calvinist church, for when his mistress Hendrickje
Stoffels was summoned and censured by the Calvinist church
council on account of their sexual relationship Rembrandt himself
received no such attention. This was probably because church
discipline extended only to Calvinist members, and Rembrandt was
not a church member. Attempts have been made to connect him
with the Mennonites, a reformed sect who based their observance
on the literal content of the Bible, and upon nothing subsequently
introduced into Christian observance. This cannot be certain, and it
does not much matter whether Rembrandt would have identiﬁed
himself ofﬁcially as a Calvinist or a Mennonite, or as a member of no
particular sect: his work, or much of it, certainly seems to be
informed by a different spirit from that of the Catholic art of the
period. It is possible to ﬁnd in Rembrandt’s painting, mostly in the
early part of his career, deﬁnite similarities with Rubens and with
the Italian Baroque in its dramatic aspect, reliant on strong displays
of human emotion, gesture, and facial expression (see, for example,
The Sacriﬁce of Isaac, St Petersburg, Hermitage, 1635). On the other
hand, there is a strong thread, from early in Rembrandt’s career, of
a different type of conception, where strong movement,
ostentatious gesture, and theatrical drama are left aside in favour of
quieter, stiller scenes, with an emphasis on the state of mind of
human beings, and on the individual’s interaction with the divine. A
ﬁne example of this is Rembrandt’s late painting of the Return of the
Prodigal Son (Fig. 25).

Christian Art

25. Rembrandt van Rijn, The Return of the Prodigal Son, St Petersburg,
Hermitage, c. 1666–8

head in his father’s chest. The ﬁrm and comforting embrace of the
father, and the absence of spoken interaction between the two,
indicates silent forgiveness and concentrates on the enduring and
loving relationship of a father for his son. Rembrandt’s treatment of
this biblical subject invites quiet contemplation, rather than stirring
up violent emotion, as an equivalent Counter-Reformation
108

treatment of the subject might seek to do. It suggests a more
Protestant conception of the notion of human salvation and
reconciliation with God, which, as the Protestant reformers taught,
and art of a Protestant sensibility sought to show, was derived from
the unearned, but freely given grace of God, not as a result of any
actions of human beings.

Christian art transformed

109

Chapter 6
Christian art around the turn
of the second millennium

Throughout the 20th century and into the 21st, Christian art
has continued to be produced for Christian communities and
individuals. New Christian cathedrals, churches, and chapels of all
denominations continue to be built, rebuilt, and refurbished, with
the consequent requirement for new Christian art and Christian
church furnishings. Much could be written about recent and
contemporary Christian art in these settings, and many major
artists of the 20th century have produced well-known works of art
for Christian churches in Britain, Europe, North America, and
beyond, including Eric Gill, Marc Chagall, Henri Matisse, Jacob
Epstein, Elisabeth Frink, and Graham Sutherland. In producing
works for the interiors of Christian churches, to be used as part
of Christian worship, or to enhance the experience of Christian
worship, these and other artists are continuing in the traditions I
have examined throughout this book. In the modern era, however,
artists have also produced what might still be termed Christian art,
dealing with many of the same themes and concepts that we have
already seen, but which was never designed to function as part of an
environment of Christian worship. This art has other points to
make about the relevance or otherwise of the still-enduring
Christian message or of familiar Christian imagery. In this
connection, we might think of the British painter Stanley Spencer
110

(1891–1959), who painted a series of pictures locating biblical
events such as the Nativity, Christ Carrying the Cross, and the
Resurrection, in his home village of Cookham. The British Pop
Artist Peter Blake, in his Venice Beach Madonna (1996), mixes an
image of the Virgin Mary, based upon a medieval prototype, with
the modernity of Venice Beach in California.

I want to ﬁnish with two images – a painting and a photograph –
that, in basic terms, deal with themes and subjects that I have
already examined: one is an image of the Virgin Mary, the other
an image of the Cruciﬁed Christ. However, these two images
differ from those we have already examined. They were not
created to fulﬁl a Christian function: they were designed as
independent artworks, to be displayed in the modern setting of
the art gallery and museum, rather than in a church.
Nevertheless, these works gain their power by making reference
to well-known Christian images and concepts with which
European and American culture is so strongly imbued, and both
were created by artists brought up within the Christian tradition.
Both works have created enormous controversy, caused huge
offence to other Christians, and been the subject of much media
attention, because of their introduction of non-traditional
elements to deeply traditional images.
111

Christian art around the turn of the second millennium

There is, therefore, both continuity and development in the
production of Christian art, in its widest sense, in the modern era.
But the biggest difference between the art of the 20th and 21st
centuries and that which went before is that in the modern period
Christian imagery has, as I hinted at the outset of this book, become
part of the general vocabulary of contemporary visual culture,
and thus it can now be used and understood in contexts totally
outside Christian worship or devotion. Despite this, works of art
using Christian themes are obviously still dependent on the weight
of Christian tradition and Christian art for their meaning, and as
such can still stir up strong and sincerely felt reactions, both
positive and negative.

Christian Art

The Holy Virgin Mary (London, The Saatchi Collection, 1996), by
the contemporary British artist Chris Oﬁli (b. 1968), was a
controversial element of the ‘Sensation’ exhibition at London’s
Royal Academy in 1997. It became the centre of even greater
controversy when the Mayor of New York City, Rudolph Giuliani,
threatened to withhold city funding from the Brooklyn Museum of
Art, and threatened the museum with eviction from its city-owned
building, when the museum exhibited this painting in the autumn
of 1999. Giuliani condemned the exhibition, and singled out Oﬁli’s
painting as particularly offensive, deeming it ‘inappropriate’ that
public funds should be used to exhibit such a work. (A Federal judge
eventually ruled in favour of the museum, and ordered the city to
restore its funding.)
The style and composition of the woman’s face and body depart
from the traditional images examined so far, but it was not the form
of the image of the Virgin itself that put this painting at the centre
of controversy. The problem with the work, for most people, and the
aspect that received most attention, was the fact that the painting
has lumps of elephant dung stuck onto the painted surface. Some
felt that it was simply unacceptable for this substance to be
appended to an image of the person whom Christians believe to
have been the Mother of God. They felt that Oﬁli had set out to be
deliberately offensive by this juxtaposition. But elephant dung has
formed part of many of Oﬁli’s works before this one, and is in
large part, according to the artist himself, and other commentators
upon his work, a cultural reference to the artist’s own African
heritage. Oﬁli, a black Briton of Nigerian descent, visited Africa for
the ﬁrst time in 1992, a visit that apparently had a great effect upon
him. After this visit he started using elephant dung in his paintings,
as a reaction to what he had seen and felt in Africa, as a way of
linking his work with the very fabric of the African earth and
landscape. In this context, once one is aware that the use of
elephant dung in Oﬁli’s work is not unique to The Holy Virgin
Mary, it is possible to interpret the use of elephant dung here as
extending a long-running idea in Oﬁli’s work, linking the Christian
112

message, an important part of the artist’s upbringing, with his
cultural and ethnic roots in Africa.

113

Christian art around the turn of the second millennium

This raises the important question whether, in works of this nature,
the artist’s intentions determine the ‘correct’ interpretation of the
work. Would it – or should it – necessarily make any difference, to a
viewer who was offended by the use of elephant dung in an image
of the Virgin Mary, to know what the elephant dung signiﬁes for
the artist, and why, in the artist’s view, the juxtaposition is
appropriate? In some cases, even armed with this additional
information about the artist’s intentions, a viewer may,
nevertheless, still feel that this work is offensive to him or her. An
interesting aspect of this work and its reception, therefore, is that
meaning is shown to be in the eye of the beholder, at least to a
certain extent. One’s reaction to the work as a whole is necessarily
subjective, and depends upon one’s own interpretation of the
individual aspects of the work, and of their combined meaning.
Even if a certain viewer feels what might be regarded as very
legitimate offence when reacting to this work, another viewer
could still, equally legitimately, ﬁnd in this work many other layers
of meaning. This should make us alive to the impossibility of
discerning or deﬁning one ‘right’ or ‘complete’ meaning of any
work of art, including the other works of Christian art examined in
this book. The modern viewer’s reaction to the Clarisse Master’s
Virgin and Child (Fig. 4), for example, might differ signiﬁcantly
from the original 13th-century viewers’ reactions, because the
modern viewer approaches the work from a completely different
cultural and historical standpoint. The work remains the same, but
is seen and understood differently. To acknowledge the possibility
of variant understandings of such works as the Clarisse Master’s
Virgin and Child or Chris Oﬁli’s The Holy Virgin Mary, and to
acknowledge that these understandings – even if they differ from
anything the artists might have intended or envisaged – might
nevertheless be valid, or interesting, is not simply to declare that
‘anything goes’. But it does acknowledge that the viewing and
understanding of works of art can change and vary.

Christian Art

The ﬁnal work to be examined here is another that has been at the
centre of controversy. The most well-known work of American
photographer Andres Serrano (b. 1950) is entitled Piss Christ
(Fig. 26). This photograph of a cruciﬁx suspended in a mixture of
urine and cow’s blood has caused a storm on more than one
occasion. In 1989 the existence of this photograph came to the
attention of the US Senate, and several senators expressed outrage
at the subject matter of the work, and at the fact that Serrano had
received $15,000 from the American National Endowment for the
Arts and Humanities in support of his work. More recently, the
National Gallery of Victoria, in Melbourne, Australia, was forced to
close down its 1997 exhibition of work by Serrano, after Piss Christ
was attacked and damaged by two members of the public.
Christian groups in Melbourne had attempted to have the work
banned from display before the attack and the eventual closure of
the exhibition. Much of the controversy surrounding this artwork
seems to have come essentially from factors almost external to the
work itself: the fact that Serrano had been supported with money
from the National Endowment for the Arts, which is funded by
taxpayers’ money, or the perceived offensiveness of the work’s title,
or the fact that some commentators did not regard this work as
being ‘art’ and did not believe that it should be treated as such,
displayed as such, or valued as such. A great deal of the debate
sparked off by Piss Christ was dominated by more general issues
such as the worthy use of public money, and the tension between
freedom of expression and blasphemy, rather than analysis of the
work itself.
So what are we to make of this work: what are we to understand by
it, and how can we interpret it? Most obviously many were outraged
by the combination of the most iconic image of Christianity – the
Cruciﬁed Christ – with human bodily ﬂuid, and felt that this work
set out deliberately to provoke viewers to outrage. The artist almost
certainly aimed to provoke a reaction, but what reaction? The fact
that urine is involved is crucial here. But was the use of urine
simply intended, as some of Serrano’s detractors have claimed,
114

26. Andres Serrano, Piss Christ, 1987

Christian Art

to cause offence? Had the artist deliberately set out to show
disrespect to this religious image, by placing it in urine? Some felt
that this was tantamount to urinating on the cruciﬁx. I would
suggest that, even if some viewers and commentators feel that it
was the artist’s intention, or part of his intention, to be offensive,
there are also other ways to interpret this work. Let us acknowledge
that if Serrano had only used blood here this image might not have
caused such huge outrage. It is, after all, much more common to
associate Christ and his body with blood, because of his shedding
of blood on the cross. We are used to seeing cruciﬁxes running in
blood, and the wounds of Christ spurting blood. While blood may
be a bodily ﬂuid that can cause unease, it is not reviled in the
same way as a bodily waste product such as urine. The use of the
slang or offensive word ‘piss’ in the title of Serrano’s work
reminds us that this ﬂuid is wholly undesirable. The artist plays
upon the viewer’s discomfort, even outrage, at seeing the image of
Christ cruciﬁed, suspended in a mixture of blood and urine, and
almost certainly intends to shock, but to what end? I would
suggest that the use of urine here is intended to introduce, or in
fact restore, some shock to the image of the Cruciﬁxion. After
seeing countless reproductions of hundreds of years’ worth of
Cruciﬁxion images, a modern viewer’s reactions to the Cruciﬁxion
of Christ might become dulled. A shock such as the one provided
by Serrano’s Piss Christ might remind a modern viewer what the
image of the Cruciﬁed Christ really means. The process of
viewing the Cruciﬁed Christ through the ﬁlter of human bodily
ﬂuids requires the observer to consider all the ways in which
Christ, as both fully divine and fully human, really shared in the
base physicality of human beings. As a real human being Christ
took on all the characteristics of the human body, including its
ﬂuids and secretions. The use of urine here can therefore force
the viewer to rethink what it meant for Christ to be really and
fully human.
In fact, seeking ways to stress Christ’s humanity has often been one
of the primary messages attempted by artists over many centuries,
116

Seen in the context of other artists’ attempts to state anew the
message of Christ’s humanity and suffering, and with a knowledge
of the ways in which artists have constantly stressed Christ’s
physicality, Serrano’s Piss Christ does not necessarily have to seem
as irreverent, as offensive, as keen to poke fun at the subject matter
and at the discomﬁted viewer, as some critics have claimed. It is
therefore clearly important to place works such as this in some kind
117

Christian art around the turn of the second millennium

when tackling the image of the Cruciﬁxion. This sort of outrage,
produced by artists’ attempts to show Christ cruciﬁed in new ways,
to make new points about his humanity, is not just a feature of the
modern era. Because the image of Christ on the cross is such a
central image of Christianity it has – and has always had – a very
great power to shock and disturb when it appears in an unfamiliar
form. In 1306, the bishop of London, Ralph Baldock, ordered a
cruciﬁx to be removed from the chapel at Coneyhoop, in the parish
of St Mildred, Poultry, London. The records of this case, in the
Annals of London, note the form of the cross: the horizontal cross
arm was not of the customary design, and it seems that this cruciﬁx
must have been of the type known as a Gabelkreuz, a type of cruciﬁx
seemingly emanating from Germany, which characteristically used
Y-shaped, or fork-shaped cross-arms, and a dramatically
suspended, contorted and suffering Christ ﬁgure. Either the
unfamiliar form of the cross, or the particular way in which the
Christ ﬁgure was shown, or both, caused the cross to be described in
the Annals as a crux horribilis (a ‘horrible’ or ‘monstrous’ cross).
Just over a century later, the Florentine sculptor Donatello
produced a carved wooden cruciﬁx, now in the Bardi chapel in the
church of S. Croce. This cruciﬁx, according to Giorgio Vasari’s Lives
of the Artists, was criticized by Donatello’s friend and rival, Filippo
Brunelleschi, for seeming to show the body of a peasant rather than
the body of Christ. This story, anecdotal though it may be, would
seem to indicate that the attempt of the artist to show Christ’s real
humanity, through emphasizing the effects of his physical suffering
upon his human body, was deemed, by some viewers, to be
unsuitable or inappropriate.

Christian Art

of historical context. To have some understanding of the Christian
image tradition upon which Serrano, Oﬁli, and other artists such as
(more recently) Damien Hirst, base their modern artworks is to be
able to assess them in a more measured way than might otherwise
be possible. And conversely, to have considered these modern works
– and the reactions that they are capable of arousing – perhaps
facilitates an enhanced understanding of the earlier works of
Christian art considered in this book, and of other works not
included here.

118

Glossary

Apocryphal Gospels: accounts of Christ’s life, contemporaneous or
near-contemporaneous with the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke,
and John, but not recognized as part of the New Testament.
apse: semi-circular or polygonal termination of the eastern end of a
chapel or sanctuary.
Baroque: dramatic and heavily ornamented style of art and
architecture prevalent in Europe from the late 16th to the early 18th
century.
choir: part of church containing seats for the religious community or
clergy.
crocket: carved ornament in form of curled leaf.
eucharist: church ceremony in which the Last Supper of Christ and his
apostles is commemorated by the blessing of bread and wine; the
elements of bread and wine thus consecrated.
ﬁnial: ornament on top of a spire, gable, etc, in form of curled ﬂower or
leaf.
fresco: wall-painting, in which paint is applied to fresh plaster, so that
the colour binds into the surface of the wall as the plaster dries.
grisaille: painting in neutral tones or tones of grey.
historiated initial: an initial letter containing a ﬁgural image.
indulgences: remission of the time spent in purgatory as punishment
for sins committed, after the guilt of the sins has been forgiven.
liturgy: the forms of public service and worship prescribed by a
church.
119

Christian Art

lunette: semi-circular painting, or ﬁeld within a painting; semi-circular
architectural frame or opening.
mendicant: (when used of a religious order of friars) dependent on
alms for sustenance (from Latin mendicare = to beg).
monstrance: container for displaying the eucharistic bread (from Latin
monstrare = to show).
nave: western part of the church, usually the part accessible to the
public.
predella: horizontal structure supporting the main panels of an
altarpiece.
purgatory: place or condition of punishment in which those who die
with their sins forgiven must nevertheless undergo a limited amount
of suffering in order to pay for their sins.
pyx: container for safekeeping of the consecrated eucharistic bread.
recto: the right-hand pages of a book; the front of a sheet of parchment
or printed paper; ‘48r ’ therefore denotes the front of the 48th folio, or
sheet, in a manuscript or early printed book.
sanctuary: eastern part of the church, beyond the choir, where the high
altar is placed.
spandrels: area between two arches, or between an arch and an area of
vertical moulding or of wall.
tempera: generally any medium used to bind paint pigments, but often
particularly refers to egg tempera, i.e. paint made using egg yolk as a
binding medium.
verso: the left-hand pages of a book; the back of a sheet of parchment or
printed paper; ‘48v ’ therefore denotes the back of the 48th folio, or
sheet, in a manuscript or early printed book.

120

References

Introduction
Robert Milburn, Early Christian Art and Architecture, Ashgate, 1988,
p. 181.
Chapter 2
Jaroslav Pelikan, Jesus Through the Centuries, Yale University Press,
1985, p. 95.
Chapter 3
Contarelli: translation in Catherine Puglisi, Caravaggio, Phaidon,
2000, p. 154.
Chapter 5
Mariet Westermann, Rembrandt, Phaidon, 2000, p. 35.
Hans Belting, ‘The New Role of Narrative in Public Painting of the
Trecento: Historia and Allegory’, Washington National Gallery: Studies
in the History of Art, 16 (1985), pp. 151–68, at p. 166

121

Further reading

Introduction
Robin Cormack, Byzantine Art (Oxford University Press, 2000)
Robin Cormack, Writing in Gold: Byzantine Society and its Icons
(Oxford University Press, 1985)
Antonio Ferrua SJ, The Unknown Catacomb: A Unique Discovery
of Early Christian Art (Geddes & Grosset, 1991), for excellent
colour photographs of the Via Latina catacombs, discovered in
the 1950s
John Lowden, Early Christian and Byzantine Art (Phaidon, 1997)
Thomas F. Mathews, The Art of Byzantium: Between Antiquity and the
Renaissance (Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1998)
Robert Milburn, Early Christian Art and Architecture (University of
California Press, 1988)
Jaroslav Pelikan, Imago Dei: The Byzantine Apologia for Icons
(Princeton University Press, 1990)
J. Stevenson, The Catacombs (Thames & Hudson, 1978)
Chapter 1
Michael Baxandall, Painting and Experience in Fifteenth-Century Italy,
2nd edn. (Oxford University Press, 1988), for further discussion on
painters’ (and preachers’) conceptions of the Annunciation to the
Virgin
Hilda Graef, Mary: A History of Doctrine and Devotion (Sheed & Ward,
1985)
122

Jacobus de Voragine, The Golden Legend: Readings on the Saints, tr
William Granger Ryan (Princeton University Press, 1993)
M. R. James, The Apocryphal New Testament: Being the Apocryphal
Gospels, Acts, Epistles, and Apocalypses (Clarendon Press,
1966)
Jaroslav Pelikan, Mary through the Centuries: Her Place in the History
of Culture (Yale University Press, 1996)
Roger Wieck, Time Sanctiﬁed: The Book of Hours in Medieval Art and
Life (George Braziller, 1988)

Chapter 3
Peter Brown, The Cult of the Saints: Its Rise and Function in Latin
Christianity (University of Chicago Press, 1981)
David Hugh Farmer, The Oxford Dictionary of Saints (Oxford
University Press, 1978), which has an appendix of principal attributes
of the saints
Rona Goffen, ‘Nostra Conversatio in Caelis Est: Observations on
the Sacra Conversazione in the Trecento’, Art Bulletin, 61 (1979),
198–222
James Hall, Dictionary of Subjects and Symbols in Art (John Murray,
1974)
Jacobus de Voragine, The Golden Legend (as in Chapter 1)
123

Further reading

Chapter 2
Hans Belting, The Image and its Public in the Middle Ages: Form and
Function of Early Paintings of the Passion (Aristide D. Caratzas,
1990), on the Man of Sorrows image and its development
Gabriele Finaldi, The Image of Christ (National Gallery, 2000; publ.
to accompany an exhibition at the National Gallery, London,
February–May 2000)
Peter Humfrey and Martin Kemp (eds.), The Altarpiece in the
Renaissance (Cambridge University Press, 1990)
Jaroslav Pelikan, Jesus through the Centuries: His Place in the History
of Culture (Yale University Press, 1985)
Miri Rubin, Corpus Christi: The Eucharist in Late Medieval Culture
(Cambridge University Press, 1991)

Christian Art

Donald Weinstein and Rudolph M. Bell, Saints and Society: The Two
Worlds of Western Christendom, 1000–1700 (University of Chicago
Press, 1982)
Chapter 4
Frances Carey, The Apocalypse and the Shape of Things to Come
(British Museum, 1999; publ. to accompany an exhibition at
the British Museum, Dec. 1999–Apr. 2000)
C. M. Chazelle, ‘Pictures, Books and the Illiterate: Pope Gregory I’s
Letters to Serenus of Marseille’, Word and Image, 6/2 (April–June
1990), 138–53
Lawrence Duggan, ‘Was Art Really the ‘‘Book of the Illiterate’’?’, Word
and Image, 5/3 (July–Sept. 1989), 227–51
L. D. Ettlinger, The Sistine Chapel before Michelangelo: Religious
Imagery and Papal Primacy (Clarendon Press, 1965)
Marilyn Lavin, The Place of Narrative: Mural Decoration in Italian
Churches, 431–1600 (University of Chicago Press, 1990)
Elvio Lunghi, The Basilica of St Francis at Assisi (Thames & Hudson,
1996)
Chapter 5
Owen Chadwick, The Reformation (The Penguin History of the Church,
3; Penguin Books, 1990)
A. G. Dickens, The Counter Reformation (Thames & Hudson, 1968)
Eamon Duffy, The Stripping of the Altars (Yale University Press, 1992)
Sergiusz Michalski, The Reformation and the Visual Arts: The
Protestant Image Question in Western and Eastern Europe
(Routledge, 1993)
Michael A. Mullet, The Catholic Reformation (Routledge, 1999)
Andrew Pettegree, ‘ ‘‘The Law and the Gospel’’: The Evolution of an
Evangelical Pictorial Theme in the Bibles of the Reformation’, in
Orlaith O’Sullivan (ed.), The Bible as Book: The Reformation (British
Library and Oak Knoll Press, 2000), pp. 123–35

124

Index

Augustine, St 37
Augustine Gospels, St 69

Page references in italics
refer to illustrations.

B
Baldock, Ralph, Bishop of
London 117
baptism 28, 95
Barbara, St 57, 58, 59
Bartholomew, St 56
Basle 95
Bede, Venerable 67
Belting, Hans 89
Benediction 105
Betrayal of Christ 26, 27
Bible 18, 68–72, 72–6, 79–89,
95 see also New
Testament; Old Testament
Biblia Pauperum 73–6
Blake, Peter 111
Blessing at Bethany 79
block-book printing 72, 73
Bonaventure, St 67, 81, 82, 83,
88, 89
Books of Hours 23–7
Borromini, Francesco 80
Bramante, Donato 77
Breviary 23–4
Brunelleschi, Filippo 117
Byzantine art 6–14, 16, 35

A
Abraham 74, 75, 76, 81
Acts of the Apostles 18
Adam and Eve 76, 80, 98, 99
Agnes, St 61
altarpieces 37–43
groups of saints 55, 56,
58–62
Lutheran 93, 94, 95
Angel Gabriel 20, 35
angels 12, 20, 21–2, 25, 33, 51,
55, 61, 64, 74, 99
Angevin royal family 52, 54, 55
Anne, St 22
Annunciation, The 4, 17, 19,
20–7, 23, 26, 35, 98, 98–9
Anthony, St 37, 40, 61, 62
Anthony of Padua, St 82
Antwerp 103
Church of St Paul 103
Apocalypse, Book of the 29,
60, 61, 69–72
Apocalyptic Woman see
Woman of the Apocalypse
Apocryphal Gospels 19, 20, 59
Ascension, The 20
Assisi 61
Church of San Francesco
80–9
St Francis of 48, 81–9
Assumption, The 20, 25, 29, 102
Augsburg, Diet of (1530) 101

C
Calvin, Jean 92–3
Calvinism 102, 105, 107
canonization 48, 52, 54–5
Caravaggio, Martyrdom of St
Matthew 63, 64–5, 103
Carmelites 29
Carthusian monks 45
125

Christian Art

Cranach the Elder, Lucas 93,
95, 97, 100, 106
Last Supper Altarpiece 93,
94, 95
Cruciﬁxion 4, 7, 25, 34, 35–6,
36, 40–2, 45, 59, 74, 75, 76,
79, 94, 98, 98, 100, 114–17

Casembrood, Agnes 62
catacomb paintings 3–6
Catherine of Alexandria, St
57, 58–9
Ceuninc, Jacob de 62
Chagall, Marc 110
chalices 41, 59, 60
Christian persecution 58
Christianity 3, 6
church councils 13, 64,
101
churches:
Baroque 102–3
Byzantine 6–7, 12
Calvinist 92–3
dedicated to saints 51, 52
narrative imagery 76–89
Protestant Reformation 14
twentieth-century art 110 see
also under individual
locations
Cistercian order 90
Clare, St 61
Clarisse Master, Virgin and
Child 16, 17, 35–6, 113
classical mythology 4, 10,
15
Confession 95
Constantine the Great,
Emperor 6
Constantine V, Emperor 12
Constantinople 6–7, 10
Church of St Sophia 6–7, 9,
10, 13
Hodegetria monastery 10
Contarelli (Cointrel), Cardinal
Matteo 62–3
Counter-Reformation 64,
90–1, 101–5, 106, 108

D
Daniel in the Lion’s Den 6
David, King 76, 96
De Brailes Hours 24
Deposition 25
devotional images 43, 67
Diana, goddess 59
Diego, Juan 31, 33
diptychs 43, 44
Divine Ofﬁce 24
dogma 28–9
Donatello 117
donors 9, 61, 62
Doubting Thomas 79
doves 22
dragons 61, 70

E
Ecclesius, Bishop of Ravenna
7
Edward the Confessor, shrine
of 49, 50, 51
El Greco, St Luke Painting the
Virgin 11, 12, 13, 16
Elousa icons 16
Entombment 25
Epstein, Jacob 110
Estoire de Saint Aedward le
Rei, La 49, 50, 51
Ethiopia 64
126

Grimaldi, Jacopo 77–9
Grünewald, Matthias,
Isenheim Altarpiece 37,
38, 39, 40–2, 60

eucharist 42–3, 45, 60
Benediction 105
Counter-Reformation 102,
103–5
Lutherans 93, 95, 101
meals 49, 51
transubstantiation 42–3, 95,
105
Eudokia, Empress 10
Exodus 72, 76

H

F
Fall, The 76, 80, 99
Flight into Egypt 18, 25, 72
Formis, Sant’Angelo 79
Francis of Assisi, St 48, 81–9
Franciscan order 31, 52, 55, 66,
82, 88
Frederick Henry of Nassau,
Prince of Orange 106
Frederick II, Emperor 61
Frederick the Wise, Duke 93
frescoes 4, 80, 81–9
Frink, Elizabeth 110

I

G

iconoclasm 12, 49, 90, 91, 92,
93
icons 9–14, 16, 68
idolatry 3, 9, 12–13, 68
Immaculate Conception of the
Virgin 28–33, 102
Incarnation, The 15, 18, 20, 21,
35, 99
indulgences 47, 52, 95, 96, 101
intercession 36, 51, 62
Irene, Empress 13
Isaac 74, 75, 76, 81
Isaiah, Prophet 21, 76, 98, 98, 99

Genesis, Book of 76
Cotton Genesis 68–9
Geneva 92, 95
Gill, Eric 110
Giotto 81
Giuliani, Rudolph 112
Goffen, Rona 58
Golden Legend (Legenda
Aurea) 19, 58, 59, 64
Graeco-Roman imagery 3, 4, 10
Gregory the Great, Pope 45,
66, 92
127

Index

Habakkuk, Prophet 76
Hadrian I, Pope 80
Hapsburg Empire 102
Harrowing of Hell 79
Hermes, god 4
Herod, King 18, 60
Hirst, Damien 118
Hirtacus, King 64
Hodegetria icon 10, 11, 12, 13,
16
Holbein the Younger, Hans 95,
100–1, 106
The Old Law and the New
Law 97, 98, 99–100
The Selling of Indulgences 96
Holy Spirit 18, 21, 22, 105
Hulsen, Clara van 62

Christian Art

J

John the Baptist, St 38, 41, 57,
59–61, 98, 99
John the Evangelist, St 6, 18,
20, 29, 36, 37, 40, 43, 57,
59–60, 70, 74, 75
Joseph, husband of Mary 15,
18, 20
Judaism 3, 9
‘justiﬁcation by faith’ doctrine
91, 96–101
Justinian, Emperor 7, 8

Jacobus de Voragine 19–20
James, St 61, 62
Jeanne d’Evreux, Queen of
France 25–7
Jerome, St 37, 68
Jerusalem, Temple of 19, 21, 25
Jesuits 31
Jesus Christ 3
Baptism of 79
Betrayal of 25, 26, 27
blood of 41–2
cross-bearing Christ-child
98, 98–9
Deposition 25
Entombment 25
foreshadowed by Moses 72
Francis of Assisi’s closeness
to 83
Good Shepherd 4
icons 10, 12–13
Incarnation 15, 18, 20, 21,
35, 99
Lamentation over body of
37, 38, 39, 41, 43
Last Supper 4, 42, 93, 94,
95, 103
Nativity and infancy 18–19,
24, 25, 99
Passion of 37–40, 43–7,
106
Presentation of Christ in the
Temple 19, 25
Resurrection 20, 82, 100
‘Sacred Heart’ 45 see also
Cruciﬁxion, Lamb of God,
Man of Sorrows
Job, Prophet 76

L
Lamb of God 41, 59, 60, 61,
99
Lamentation 37, 38, 41, 43
Last Judgement 35
Last Supper 4, 42, 93, 94, 95,
103
Lastman, Pieter 106
Latin 66–7, 68, 89
Law and Gospel theme 97–100
Lazarus 6
Leo III, Emperor 12, 13
Leo V, Emperor 13
lilies 20, 22
literacy 66–7, 89
London, Royal Academy 112
Louis of Toulouse, St 51–2, 53,
54, 55
Luke the Evangelist, St 10–12,
13, 16, 18–19, 20, 21
Luther, Martin 91–2, 95
Lutherans 91, 93–5, 101

M
Magi 18, 25
Magniﬁcat 19
128

N
narrative imagery 63–5, 68–9
Book of the Apocalypse
69–72
‘books for the illiterate’ 66–8,
88–9
paintings and frescoes 76–88
typology 73–6, 79–89
Nativity, The 25, 99
Nazareth 18
New Testament 4, 18–19, 20–1,
29, 34, 36, 37, 41, 42, 60,
61, 68, 72–3, 78, 79–89
New York, Brooklyn Museum
of Art 112
Nicaea, Council of (787) 13
Nikolaus of Hagnau 37
Noah and the ark 81
129

Index

Memling, Hans, Altarpiece of
St John the Baptist and St
John the Evangelist 57,
60–1
Mennonites 107
Mexico 31–3
Michael, St 61, 71
Michael III, Emperor 13
Michelangelo 77, 103
Milan 6
Milburn, Robert 9
miracles 6, 40, 51, 52, 55, 79,
81
missionaries 69
Morgan Apocalypse, The 70,
71
mosaics 6–9, 77
Moses 72–3, 74, 75, 76, 98,
99
mural paintings 76–89

Man of Sorrows, The 43, 44,
45, 47, 66, 68
Manasseh, King 96
Mark, Gospel according to St
18
Martini, Simone, St Louis of
Toulouse 51
martyrdom 40, 48–9, 51, 56,
58–9, 63–5
Mary Cleophas 36
Mary Magdalen, St 36, 41, 55,
56
Master of the Legend of St
Francis, The 81–3, 84, 85,
86, 87, 88–9
The Apparition at Arles
82–3, 86, 88, 89
The Cruciﬁxion 83, 87
The Death of Francis 83, 87,
88
The Stigmatisation 83, 86,
89
The Veriﬁcation of the
Stigmata 87
The Visions of the Death of
Francis 83, 87, 88
Matisse, Henri 110
Matthew, St 62
Gospel according to 18,
42
martyrdom of 63, 63–5
Maximian, Emperor 58
Maximianus, Bishop 7, 8
Meckenem, Israhel van, Mass
of St Gregory 45, 46, 47,
68
Melanchthon, Philip 95, 97
Melbourne, National Gallery
of Victoria 114

O

R

Oﬁli, Chris, The Holy Virgin
Mary 112–13
Old Testament 3, 9, 12, 21,
30–1, 41, 68, 69, 72–6, 76,
79–89
original sin 28

Raising of Lazarus 6, 79, 81
Raphael 103
Ravenna 6–7
San Vitale 7
Sant’Apollinare 7
Reformation, The 14, 102
eucharist 42
iconoclasm 49
images 62, 90–100
Rembrandt 106–9
relics 49, 51, 52
Rembrandt van Rijn 106–7
Return of the Prodigal Son
107, 108, 109
Renaissance 80, 103
Resurrection, The 20, 82,
100
Revelation, Book of 29, 60, 61,
69–70
Robert II of Naples, King 52
Roman Catholic Church:
Counter-Reformation 64
eucharist 95
Immaculate Conception 29,
31–3
transubstantiation 42–3, 95,
105
veneration of saints 48, 62
see also Counter–
Reformation
Roman Empire 6
Rome:
catacomb paintings 3–6
Old St Peter’s 77–9, 80, 81
S. Luigi dei Francesi 62–3
St John Lateran 79, 80
St Peter’s 77

Christian Art

P
Pacheco, Francisco 31, 33
paganism 10
Passion of Christ 37–40, 43–7,
106
patron saints 9, 56, 59, 60,
62
Paul, St 55
Paul’s Letter to the Galatians,
St 18
Pelikan, Jaroslav 34
Peter, St 48, 55
photography 114–15
Pilate, Pontius 25
pilgrimages 49, 51, 52, 92
Pio, Padre 48
Poor Clares order 61
Presentation of Christ in the
Temple 19, 25
printing 24, 72, 73, 95
Prodigal Son parable 107–9
propaganda 95
prophecy 70, 72, 99
prophets 73, 76, 77
Protestantism 42, 91, 95–6,
100 see also Reformation
Psalters 69
Pseudo-Matthew 19
Pucelle, Jean, Hours of Jeanne
d’Evreux, The 25, 26, 27
130

shepherds 4, 5, 25, 99
shrines 49–51, 52, 62
Sistine chapel 80, 89
Sixtus IV, Pope 80
snakes 59 see also Serpents of
Brass
Song of Songs 30–1
South America 31–3
Spain 29, 31, 33, 102
Spencer, Stanley 110–11
Stephen, St 56
Stoffels, Hendrickje 107
Sutherland, Graham 110

San Paolo fuori le mura 79
Santa Croce in
Gerusalemme 45, 47
Santa Maria Maggiore 77
Rossetti, Dante Gabriel, The
Girlhood of Mary Virgin
22, 23
royal imagery 7–9, 27
Rubens, Peter Paul 31
Real Presence of the
Eucharist 103, 104, 105

S

T
Theodora, Empress (wife of
Justinian) 7
Theodora, Empress (wife of
Theophilus) 13
Theodosius II, Emperor 11
Theophilus, Emperor 13
tomb-altars 51
Torriti, Jacopo 80
transubstantiation 42–3, 95,
105
Trent, Council of (1545–63) 64,
101
Trinity, Doctrine of the 105
triptychs 16
typology 72–6, 79–89,
95–100

V
Vasari, Giorgio 117
Velázquez, Diego, Virgin of
the Immaculate
Conception 29, 30, 31,
33, 103
131

Index

sacra conversazione 56–8
‘Sacred Heart’ of Jesus 45
Sacriﬁce of Isaac 74
Saenredam, Pieter 93
saints 48–65
altarpieces 55, 56, 58–62
canonization 48, 52, 54–5
patron 9, 56, 59, 60, 62
pictorial attributes of
55–62
plague 40 see also
martyrdom
Salome 60
salvation 74, 92, 99, 109
San Gimignano, Collegiate
Church 79
Saxony 91, 93
Sebastian, St 40
Seghers, Antheunis 62
Serenus, St, bishop of
Marseilles 66
Serpent of Brass 74, 75, 76,
98, 99–100
Serrano, Andres, Piss Christ
114, 115, 116, 117

Christian Art

visions 45–7, 66, 70, 82–3
Visitation of Mary, The 19, 25

Virgin Mary 9, 15–33
as advocate for sinners
36
Annunciation 17, 20–7, 23,
26
Assumption 20, 25, 29, 102
Books of Hours cycle of
illustrations 24–5
and child 15–17, 35, 44,
56–8
Coronation 25
Counter-Reformation
images of 102
at Cruciﬁxion 36, 40–1
Gospel accounts of 18–19
Hodegetria icon of 10, 11, 12,
13, 16
Immaculate Conception of
the 28–33, 102
non-biblical textual sources
19–20
Virgin of Guadalupe 31, 32,
33

W
Washington, DC, Basilica of
the National Shrine of the
Immaculate Conception
33
Westermann, Mariet 106
Witte, Emanuel de 93
Wittenberg 91, 95
City Church 93
Woman of the Apocalypse 29,
61, 70, 71
woodcuts 95–6

Z
Zeus, god 10
Zurbarán, Francisco de 22, 31,
33
Zurich 92
Zwingli, Ulrich 92

132

