James Fulcher

CAPITALISM
A Very Short Introduction

1

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR
Robert McMahon

Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh

GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha

PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Habermas Gordon Finlayson

HIEROGLYPHS
Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS
Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies
Myth Robert Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY
Steve Edwards
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Capitalism: A Very Short Introduction

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Bangkok Buenos Aires Cape Town Chennai
Dar es Salaam Delhi Hong Kong Istanbul Karachi Kolkata
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Mumbai Nairobi
São Paulo Shanghai Taipei Tokyo Toronto
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© James Fulcher 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2004
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 13: 978-0-19-280218-7
ISBN 10: 0–19–280218–6
5 7 9 10 8 6 4
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

Acknowledgment

I would like to acknowledge the support given to me by the University
of Leicester in granting me the study leave that enabled me to write
this book.

Contents

List of illustrations

1
2
3
4
5
6

xi

What is capitalism? 1
Where did capitalism come from?
How did we get here?

38

Is capitalism everywhere the same?
Has capitalism gone global? 82
Crisis? What crisis?
References

129

Further reading
Index

135

132

19

104

58

List of illustrations

1

East Indiaman, 1829

3

7 Miners’ strike, 1984

By permission of the British
Library (shelfmark 8809 dd 6)

2 Cotton mill, 1800s

6

© TopFoto.co.uk/Fotomas

3a Nick Leeson, 1999

11

© TopFoto.co.uk/PA

© TopFoto.co.uk/UPP Photo

4 Enclosure of the land:
estate of David Wells,
c.1750
24
© TopFoto.co.uk

© Corbis

9 Carlos Ghosn, Nissan
CEO, announces closure
of factories, October
1999
79
© Toru Yamanaka/AFP Photo/
Getty Images

10

Maquiladora workers,
Mexico, 1993
85
© TopFoto.co.uk/Image Works

28

© TopFoto.co.uk/Fotomas

6 Cyclops steelworks,
Shefﬁeld, 1853

8 New Deal: ‘Ring-arounda-Roosevelt’ cartoon
by Clifford Kennedy
Berryman,
26 May 1938
67
© Corbis

3b 7th Baron Ashburton,
1999
11

5 Amsterdam stock
exchange, built
1608–13

53

© Alain Nogues/Corbis Sygma

11

Nike workers,
Vietnam

87

© Steve Raymer/Corbis

42

12

Large-scale banana
production by Dole,
Ecuador
© Owen Franken/Corbis

92

13

Wall Street crash,
1929

15
110

© TopFoto.co.uk/AP

14

Auction of human
labour, California,
1932

Lastminute.com,
2000

120

© TopFoto.co.uk/PA

111

© Bettmann/Corbis

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Chapter 1
What is capitalism?

Merchant capitalism
In April 1601 the English East India Company sent its ﬁrst expedition
to the East Indies. After some 18 months its four ships, Ascension,
Dragon, Hector, and Susan, had returned from Sumatra and Java
with a cargo mainly of pepper. The success of this venture led to a
second expedition by the same ships, which left London in March
1604. On the return journey Hector and Susan set off ﬁrst, but Susan
was lost at sea and Hector was rescued by Ascension and Dragon,
which found her drifting off South Africa with most of her crew dead.
Ascension, Dragon, and Hector made it back to England in May 1606
with a cargo of pepper, cloves, and nutmegs. The shareholders in
these two voyages made a proﬁt of 95% on their investment.
Despite the similar success of the third expedition in 1607, the
fourth one in 1608, consisting of the ships Ascension and Union,
was a complete disaster. The Ascension reached the west coast of
India but was there wrecked by its ‘proud and headstrong master’,
who drove his ship aground after ignoring local warnings about
shoaling waters. The Union called in at a Madagascan port, where
the crew was ambushed and the captain killed, but nonetheless the
ship made it to Sumatra and loaded a cargo. On her way back,
the Union was wrecked off the coast of Brittany. The investors in
this expedition lost all their capital.
1

Capitalism

Capitalism is essentially the investment of money in the
expectation of making a proﬁt, and huge proﬁts could be made at
some considerable risk by long-distance trading ventures of this
kind. Proﬁt was quite simply the result of scarcity and distance.
It was made from the huge difference between the price paid for,
say, pepper in the spice islands and the price it fetched in Europe,
a difference that dwarfed the costs of the venture. What
mattered was whether the cargo made it back to Europe, though
market conditions were also very important, for the sudden
return of a large ﬂeet could depress prices. Markets could also
become saturated if the high proﬁtability of the trade led too
many to enter it. A glut of pepper eventually forced the East India
Company to diversify into other spices and other products, such
as indigo.
A large amount of capital was needed for this trade. An East
Indianman, as the ships engaged in this trade were called, had
to be built, ﬁtted out, armed with cannon against Dutch and
Portuguese rivals, and repaired, if and when it returned. The
Company’s shipyards at Blackwall and Deptford, which were
major employers of local labour, required ﬁnancing. Capital was
also needed to stock outgoing vessels with bullion and goods to
pay for the spices, with munitions, and with food and drink for
the large crews they carried. On the Company’s third expedition,
Dragon had a crew of 150, Hector 100, and Consent 30 – in all
280 mouths to feed, at least initially. One reason for the large
crews was to make sure there were enough sailors to get the
ships back after the hazards of the expedition had taken
their toll.
The East India Company’s capital was obtained largely but not
entirely from the rich London merchants who controlled and
administered it. Aristocrats and their hangers-on were another
source, and one welcomed by the Company because of their
inﬂuence at Court. The Company’s privileges depended on royal
favour. Foreign money was also involved, mainly from Dutch
2

merchants excluded by the rival Dutch East Indies Company.
They were also a useful source of intelligence about that
company’s activities.
The ﬁrst 12 voyages were each ﬁnanced separately, with
capital committed to one voyage only and the proﬁts of the
voyage distributed among its shareholders, according to
traditional merchant practices. This was, however, a risky way
of ﬁnancing long-distance trade, for it exposed capital to a long
period of uncertainty in far-away and unknown places. Risk
could be spread by sending out several ships on each expedition,
so that not all the eggs were in one basket, but whole expeditions
could, nonetheless, be lost, as in 1608. The company shifted to
a method of ﬁnance that spread risks over a number of voyages
and then became a fully ﬂedged joint-stock company, with,
after 1657, continuous investment unrelated to speciﬁc voyages.
In 1688 trading in its stocks began on the London Stock
Exchange.
3

What is capitalism?

1. East Indiaman, 1829

Capitalism

Risk was also reduced through monopolistic practices. Like its
counterparts abroad, the English East India Company was closely
intertwined with the state, which granted it a monopoly for the
import of oriental goods and gave it the right to export bullion to
pay for them. In exchange the state, always short of money, gained
revenue from customs duties on the large and valuable imports
made by the company. There was certainly competition but it was
international competition, in the Indies between the English, the
Dutch, and the Portuguese, and as far as possible eliminated
within each country. Outsiders were always trying to break into
the trade, and one of the key privileges bestowed on the East India
Company by the state was the right to take action against
‘interlopers’.
Markets were manipulated by buying up stocks and holding back
sales. In the 17th century Amsterdam merchants were particularly
skilled in these practices and busily established monopolies not
only in spices but in Swedish copper, whale products, Italian
silks, sugar, perfume ingredients, and saltpetre (an ingredient of
gunpowder). Large warehouses were crucial to this and Fernand
Braudel comments that the warehouses of the Dutch merchants
were bigger and more expensive than large ships. They could
hold sufﬁcient grain to feed the entire country for 10 to 12 years.
This was not just a matter of holding goods back to force up
prices, for large stocks also enabled the Dutch to destroy foreign
competitors by suddenly ﬂooding the whole European market
with goods.
This was certainly capitalism, for long-distance trade required a
heavy investment of capital in the expectation of large proﬁts, but a
free market capitalism it clearly was not. The secret of making high
proﬁts was to secure monopolies by one means or another, exclude
competitors, and control markets in every way possible. Since proﬁt
was made from trading in scarce products rather than rationalizing
production, the impact of merchant capitalism on society was
limited. Most of the European population could get on with their
4

daily work without being affected by the activities of these owners of
capital.

Capitalist production
In the 1780s two Scots, James M‘Connel and John Kennedy,
travelled south to become apprentices in the Lancashire cotton
industry. After gaining experience and making some money in the
manufacture of cotton machinery, they set up their own ﬁrm in 1795
with an initial capital of £1,770. They soon made good proﬁts from
cotton spinning, achieving a return on capital of over 30% in 1799
and 1800. They accumulated capital rapidly and by 1800 their capital
had risen to £22,000, by 1810 to £88,000. By 1820 the company had
three mills and had established itself as the leading spinner of ﬁne
cotton in Manchester, the global metropolis of cotton spinning.

Proﬁt depended ultimately on the workers who turned raw cotton
into yarn. M‘Connel and Kennedy’s labour force grew from 312 in
1802 to around 1,500 by the 1830s. Much of this was cheap child
labour and at times nearly half those employed were under the age
of 16. In 1819 there were 100 children under the age of 10, some
as young as 7, who worked from 6.00 in the morning until 7.30
at night.
5

What is capitalism?

This soon became a very competitive industry, however, and proﬁts
could not be sustained at the high level of the early 1800s. This was,
indeed, largely because high proﬁts had resulted in expansion and
attracted new entrants. There were already 344 cotton mills by 1819
but by 1839 there were 1,815. Technical advances enabled huge
increases in productivity during the 1830s, and competition drove
companies to invest heavily in the new machinery. The bigger mills
built at this time contained 40,000 spindles, as compared with the
4,500 or so of their predecessors. The costs of this heavy investment
in buildings and machinery, together with the downward pressure
of increased productive capacity on yarn prices, depressed the
industry’s proﬁtability to low levels in the 1830s.

Capitalism

2. Power looms dominate a 19th-century cotton mill

Apart from the occasional heavy cost of new factories and new
machinery, wages were the company’s main cost. Its annual wage
bill was over £35,000 by 1811 and over £48,000 by the mid-1830s.
Wage costs were minimized not just by holding wage rates down
but also by replacing craft workers with less skilled and cheaper
labour, as the invention of automatic machinery made this possible.
The cyclical instability of the industry resulted in periodic slumps in
demand, which forced employers to reduce wages and hours in
order to survive.
As industrial capitalism developed, conﬂict over wages became
increasingly organized. The spinners defended themselves against
wage reductions through their unions, organizing at ﬁrst locally but
then regionally and nationally. In 1810, 1818, and 1830 there were
increasingly organized strikes, but these were defeated by the
employers, with the assistance of the state, which arrested strikers
and imprisoned union leaders. The employers had created their
own associations, so that they could ‘black-list’ union militants,
6

answer strikes with ‘lock-outs’, and provide mutual ﬁnancial
support. Vigorous action by the spinners’ unions does seem,
nonetheless, to have been quite successful, for wages remained
stable, in spite of declining proﬁtability and employers’ attempts to
reduce them.

Robert Owen introduced ‘silent monitors’ at his New Lanark mills.
Each worker had a piece of wood, with its sides painted black for
bad work, blue for indifferent, yellow for good, and white for
excellent. The side turned to the front provided a constant
reminder, visible to all, of the quality of the previous day’s work.
Each department had a ‘book of character’ recording the daily
colour for each worker. Discipline was not only a factory matter, for
Owen also controlled the community. He sent round street patrols
to report drunkenness and ﬁned the drunks next morning. He
insisted on cleanliness and established detailed rules for the
cleaning of streets and houses. There was even a curfew that
required everyone to be indoors after 10.30 p.m. in the winter.
As E. P. Thompson has emphasized, disciplined work was regular,
timed work. It meant turning up every day, starting on time, and
7

What is capitalism?

The exploitation of labour was not just a matter of keeping the
wage bill down but also involved the disciplining of the worker.
Industrial capitalism required regular and continuous work, if
costs were to be minimized. Expensive machinery had to be kept
constantly in use. Idleness and drunkenness, even wandering
around and conversation, could not be allowed. The cotton mills
did indeed have trouble recruiting labour because people simply
did not like long, uninterrupted shifts and close supervision.
Employers had to ﬁnd ways of enforcing a discipline that was quite
alien to the ﬁrst generation of industrial workers. They commonly
used the crude and negative sanctions of corporal punishment (for
children), ﬁnes, or the threat of dismissal, but some developed
more sophisticated and moralistic ways of controlling their
workers.

Capitalism

taking breaks of a speciﬁed length at speciﬁed times. Employers had
a long battle against the well-established tradition of taking off, as
additional ‘saint’s days’, ‘St Monday’, and even ‘St Tuesday’, to
recover from weekend drinking. Time became a battleground, with
some unscrupulous employers putting clocks forward in the
morning and back at night. There are stories of watches being taken
off workers, so that the employer’s control of time could not be
challenged. Signiﬁcantly, timepiece ownership spread at the same
time as the Industrial Revolution and at the end of the 18th century
the government tried to tax the ownership of clocks and watches.
Industrial capitalism not only created work, it also created ‘leisure’
in the modern sense of the term. This might seem surprising, for the
early cotton masters wanted to keep their machinery running as
long as possible and forced their employees to work very long hours.
However, by requiring continuous work during work hours and
ruling out non-work activity, employers had separated out leisure
from work. Some did this quite explicitly by creating distinct
holiday periods, when factories were shut down, because it was
better to do this than have work disrupted by the casual taking of
days off. ‘Leisure’ as a distinct non-work time, whether in the form
of the holiday, weekend, or evening, was a result of the disciplined
and bounded work time created by capitalist production. Workers
then wanted more leisure and leisure time was enlarged by union
campaigns, which ﬁrst started in the cotton industry, and eventually
new laws were passed that limited the hours of work and gave
workers holiday entitlements.
Leisure was also the creation of capitalism in another sense,
through the commercialization of leisure. This no longer meant
participation in traditional sports and pastimes. Workers began to
pay for leisure activities organized by capitalist enterprises. The
new railway companies provided cheap excursion tickets and
Lancashire cotton workers could go to Blackpool for the day. In
1841 Thomas Cook organized his ﬁrst tour, an excursion by rail
from Leicester to Loughborough for a temperance meeting. Mass
8

travel to spectator sports, especially football and horse-racing,
where people could be charged for entry, was now possible. The
importance of this can hardly be exaggerated, for whole new
industries were emerging to exploit and develop the leisure market,
which was to become a huge source of consumer demand,
employment, and proﬁt.

Financial capitalism
On Thursday, 23 February 1995, Nick Leeson, the manager of
Baring Securities in Singapore, watched the Nikkei, the Japanese
stock market index, drop 330 points. In that one day, Barings lost
£143 million through the deals that he had made, though he was
the only one who knew what was happening. These losses came on
top of the earlier ones of some £470 million that Leeson had kept
hidden from his bosses. He knew the game was up and bolted, with
his wife, to a hideaway on the north coast of Borneo. Meanwhile,
9

What is capitalism?

Capitalist production had transformed people’s work and leisure
lives. The investment of capital in the expectation of proﬁt drove the
Industrial Revolution and rapid technical progress increased
productivity by leaps and bounds. But machines could not work on
their own and it was wage labour that was central to the making of
proﬁt. The wage bill was the employer’s main cost and became the
focus of the conﬂict between the owners of capital and, as Karl Marx
put it, those who owned only their ‘labour power’, the capacity to
make money through physical work. Workers were concentrated in
factories and mills, where they had to work in a continuous and
disciplined manner under the supervisor’s watchful eye, but also
now had an opportunity to organize themselves collectively in
unions. Non-work activities were expelled from work time into
leisure time and daily life was now sharply divided between work
and leisure. Wage labour also meant, however, that workers had
money to spend on their leisure life. The commercialization of
leisure created new industries that fed back into the expansion of
capitalist production.

Capitalism

Barings managers, puzzling over the large sums of money that had
gone missing in Singapore, tried desperately to ﬁnd him. By the
next morning it was clear that Baring Brothers, the oldest merchant
bank in London, had sustained such huge losses that it was
effectively bankrupt. Leeson tried to ﬁnd his way back to England
but was arrested in Frankfurt, extradited by Singapore for breaches
of its ﬁnancial regulations, and jailed for six and a half years.
Leeson had been trading in ‘derivatives’. These are sophisticated
ﬁnancial instruments that derive their value from the value of
something else, such as shares, bonds, currencies, or indeed
commodities, such as oil or coffee. Futures, for example, are
contracts to buy shares, bonds, currencies, or commodities at their
current price at some point in the future. If you think that the price
of a share is going to rise, you can buy a three months’ future in it.
After the three months have expired, you receive shares at the
original price and make a proﬁt by selling them at the higher price
now prevailing. You can also buy options, which do not commit you
to the future deal but allow you to decide later whether you want to
go ahead or not.
The buying of futures can perform a very important function, since
it enables the reduction of uncertainty and therefore risk. If the
price of corn is high but the harvest is some way off, a farmer can
lock into the existing price by making a deal with a merchant to sell
the corn at this price in three months’ time. Futures can also,
however, be bought for purely speculative reasons to make money
out of movements in prices. Financial futures of the kind that
Leeson was trading in were more or less informed gambles on
future price movements. This was what Susan Strange has called
‘casino capitalism’.
Money could also be made from ‘arbitrage’, which exploits the small
price differences that occur for technical reasons between markets.
If you are able to spot these differences, calculate rapidly what they
are worth, and move large sums of money very quickly, you can
10

(a) Above: Barings’ ‘star
trader’ Nick Leeson, after his
release from prison in 1999
(b) Left: The 7th Baron
Ashburton, Chairman of
Barings at the time when Nick
Leeson joined the company

3. The old and new faces of British ﬁnancial capitalism

make big proﬁts this way. Leeson found that he could exploit small
differences, lasting less than a minute, between futures prices on
the Osaka and Singapore stock exchanges. Operations of this kind
could be carried out with little risk, since an immediate and
calculable proﬁt was taken from an existing, if short-lived, price
difference.

Capitalism

Why then did things go so wrong for Leeson? He started down a
slippery slope when he created a special error account, no. 88888,
supposedly to handle innocent dealing and accountancy mistakes.
This was the place where he hid his losses and he also found a way
of concealing the accumulated end-of-the-month deﬁcits by getting
the Singapore ‘back ofﬁce’ to make temporary but illegal transfers of
money between various accounts. This and other manipulations
bamboozled the auditors, who should have uncovered what was
going on.
The existence of 88888 allowed Leeson to gamble with Barings’
money. He could build his reputation by taking risks and trading
aggressively on the futures markets, since any losses could be
hidden. These could be covered by later trades and at one time he
came close to breaking even, but if he had then closed 88888 down
this would have ended the operation that made him the star dealer
of Barings. Eventually his losses built up again and accumulated to
the point at which they could no longer be concealed just by
switching money around.
At this point he plunged into selling options, which, unlike futures,
could immediately raise money to cover the monthly shortfalls in
88888. Leeson was gambling heavily on future price movements
and the Tokyo stock market went the wrong way. As his losses
increased, he raised the stakes by selling more and riskier options,
supposedly on behalf of a mythical client called Philippe. When the
Nikkei fell after the Kobe earthquake, his losses became so great
that he tried single-handedly to force the market up by buying large
numbers of futures. The downward pressures were far too strong
12

and the market fell. By now, the losses and liabilities that he had
built up were greater than the total capital of Barings.

Leeson was apparently a very successful dealer who was making
large proﬁts for Barings and they backed him to the hilt. Ironically,
when Barings crashed his bosses had just decided to reward his
1994 activities with a £450,000 bonus. As Leeson’s operations
drained increasing amounts of money from London and sent
Barings hunting for loans around the world to cover them, Leeson’s
bosses actually thought they were ﬁnancing proﬁtable deals made
by their star trader. It was not only the complexities of the ﬁnancial
markets and the extraordinarily weak ﬁnancial controls within
Barings that enabled Leeson to get away with things for so long, but
also the corporate hunger for ever greater proﬁts.

What then is capitalism?
We have examined three very different examples of capitalism. The
various business activities involved are about as different as they
13

What is capitalism?

Why did Barings allow all this to happen? They were a merchant
bank which in 1984 had ventured into stockbroking by creating
Baring Securities. This was a successful move and by 1989 dealings
in mainly Japanese stocks and shares were accounting for half
Barings’ proﬁts. Baring Securities then moved into the increasingly
fashionable activity of derivatives trading. In 1993 Barings merged
its capital with that of Barings Securities and in doing so fatally
removed the ‘ﬁre-wall’ protecting the bank from possible losses by
its securities department. This was a particularly dangerous thing
to do, since senior Barings managers had a poor grasp of the new
game that they had entered, while no proper management structure
had been put in place and ﬁnancial controls were very weak. Fraud
was an ever-present danger in this ﬁnancially very complex world
and Barings broke a golden rule by allowing Leeson to be both a
trader and the manager of the Singapore ‘back ofﬁce’, which
checked the trades and balanced the books.

Capitalism

could be, but all involve the investment of money in order to make a
proﬁt, the essential feature of capitalism. It is not the nature of the
activity itself that matters but the possibility of making proﬁt out of
it. Indeed, it is typical of a capitalist society that virtually all
economic activities that go on within it are driven by the
opportunity to make proﬁt out of capital invested in them.
Capital is money that is invested in order to make more money. By
extension the term capital is often used to refer to money that is
available for investment or, indeed, any asset that can be readily
turned into money for it. Thus, a person’s house is often described
as their capital, because they can turn it into capital either by
selling it or by borrowing on the strength of it. Many small
businesses are indeed set up in this way. It is, however, only
possible to turn property into capital if its ownership is clearly
established, its value can be measured, its title can be transferred,
and a market exists for it. A characteristic feature of the
development of capitalist societies is the emergence of institutions
that enable the conversion of assets of all kinds into capital.
Hernando de Soto has argued persuasively that it is the absence of
these institutions, above all functioning systems of property law,
that frustrates the emergence of local capitalisms in the Third
World. He claims that an enormous amount of value that is locked
up in property cannot therefore be realized and put by
entrepreneurs to productive use.
Capitalists existed before capitalism proper. Since the earliest times
merchants have made money by investing in goods that they sold
at a proﬁt. As we saw with the East India Company, a merchant
capitalism of this kind could be highly organized and very
proﬁtable, but it was an activity that involved only a small part of
the economy. Most people’s livelihoods did not come from economic
activities ﬁnanced by the investment of capital. In capitalism proper
the whole economy becomes dependent on the investment of
capital and this occurs when it is not just trade that is ﬁnanced in
this way but production as well.
14

Capitalist production is based on wage labour. A clear line of
division and conﬂict emerges between the owners of capital, who
own what Karl Marx called ‘the means of production’, and those
who sell their labour in exchange for wages. The means of
production are the workplace, the machinery, and the raw
materials, which in pre-capitalist societies were owned not by the
owners of capital but by the craftsmen who made the goods. A wage
(or salary) is the price paid by the employer for labour sold by the
worker. Just as a capitalist will invest money in any activity that
brings a proﬁt, a worker can ﬁnd employment in any activity that
pays a wage.

Wage labour is both free and unfree. Unlike slaves, who are forced
to work by their owners, wage labourers can decide whether they
work and for whom. Unlike the serfs in feudal society, who were tied
to their lord’s land, they can move freely and seek work wherever
they choose. These freedoms are, on the other hand, somewhat
illusory, since in a capitalist society it is difﬁcult to survive without
paid work and little choice of work or employer may be available.
Wage labourers are also subject to tight control by the employer
and, as we saw in the cotton mills, capitalist production meant a
new kind of disciplined and continuous work. Workers had become,
as Marx put it, ‘wage slaves’.
The importance of wage labour is not only its role in production but
also its role in consumption. Wage labourers cannot themselves
15

What is capitalism?

In a capitalist society, both capital and labour have an abstract
and disembedded quality, since both are separated from speciﬁc
economic activities and are therefore able in principle to move into
any activity that suitably rewards them. In real life this mobility is
constrained by the existing skills and experience of both the owners
of capital and workers, and by the relationships and attachments
that they have formed. The potential mobility of capital and labour
is, nonetheless, one of the features of capitalist societies that gives
them their characteristic dynamism.

Capitalism

produce what they need or may wish to consume, they have to buy
it, thereby providing the demand that activates a whole range of
new capitalist enterprises. This applies not only to their food and
clothing and personal possessions but to their leisure activities as
well. As we saw earlier, capitalist production rapidly led to the
creation of whole new industries based on the commercialization of
leisure. This double role of wage labour, which enabled the dynamic
interaction of production and consumption, explains why capitalist
production expanded so very rapidly once it had got going.
Markets, like merchants, are nothing new, but they are central to a
capitalist society in a quite new and more abstract way. This is
because production and consumption are divorced – people do not
consume what they produce or produce what they consume – and
are linked only through the markets where goods and services are
bought and sold. Instead of being a place where you can buy some
extra item that you do not produce yourself, markets become the
only means by which you can obtain anything. They are no longer
located just in market-places but exist wherever buyers and sellers
make their exchanges and, nowadays, this commonly means in
some electronic space where prices are listed and deals registered.
This applies not only to goods and services but also to labour,
money, and capital. The wage, that is the price, for labour is
established on a labour market, where employers compete for
labour and workers compete for jobs. Money itself is bought and
sold on currency markets. The ownership of companies is bought
and sold in stock exchanges.
As we saw with the cotton mills, markets generate intense
competition between capitalist enterprises. They compete in many
different ways by, for example, exploiting labour more efﬁciently or
using technical innovation to reduce costs or market products more
effectively. Competition forces companies into constant change as
they seek to beat the competition or at least keep up with it. Some of
course fail and go under, throwing their employees out of work.
This competitiveness, which contrasts strongly with the
16

monopolistic practices of merchant capitalism, makes capitalist
production exceptionally dynamic.
Capitalist enterprises have, nonetheless, found ways of reducing
competition. Those with an edge over their rivals may relish the cut
and thrust of competition, but this also creates uncertainty, reduces
proﬁts, and causes bankruptcies. Companies thus form trade
associations to regulate competition. The market can be rigged
by agreeing not to engage in price competition or deciding that all
will pay the same wage rates. Competition can also be reduced by
mergers and take-overs which concentrate production in fewer
hands. There is in capitalism always a tension between competition
and concentration, which are equally characteristic of it.

The huge growth in the trading of currency during the 1980s and
1990s followed the shift from ﬁxed to ﬂoating exchange rates in
the 1970s, which created much greater uncertainty about future
17

What is capitalism?

Since prices change, any market provides an opportunity to make
money through speculation. This occurs when something is bought
in the expectation of selling it, without increasing its value by
processing it in some way, at a higher price in the future. It can
occur in relation to almost any commodity. It may be grain, it may
be a currency, it may be a derivative, it may be a slave. Speculation
of this kind is often regarded as an unproductive and parasitic
activity that is wholly separable from the real economy where goods
and services are produced. Unproductive it may often be, but it is
not just a means of making money through speculation but also a
way of avoiding risk. Since the relationship between supply and
demand is always changing, markets are unstable. The building up
and storage of stocks is a means of insuring against some adverse
price movement that could destroy proﬁt and wipe out a business.
Trading in futures, of the kind that Leeson speculated in, is another
way of reducing uncertainty and originated long ago as a
sophisticated way of protecting producers and traders against
unpredictable future movements in prices.

currency values. One way of reducing this uncertainty was to ‘hedge’
one’s bets by buying currency futures. So, though the vast bulk of
trading in currency futures is undoubtedly speculative, the
expansion of this market and the ﬁnancial innovations associated
with it were grounded in real economic needs.

Capitalism

The same argument applies to the speculative trading of company
shares. The existence of markets for capital is central to capitalism.
They are essential to its functioning since they bring together those
seeking to ﬁnance economic activities and those with money to
invest. Since the stock market prices of companies change, as their
economic situation and proﬁtability changes, there are inevitably
opportunities for speculating on future price movements.
Speculation is not something separate from capitalism but an
inevitable outgrowth of its essential machinery.
So, the answer to our question is that capitalism involves the
investment of money to make more money. While merchants have
long done this, it is when production is ﬁnanced in this way that a
transformative capitalism comes into being. Capitalist production
depends on the exploitation of wage labour, which also fuels the
consumption of the goods and services produced by capitalist
enterprises. Production and consumption are linked by the markets
that come to mediate all economic activities. Markets enable
competition between enterprises but also generate tendencies
towards concentration in order to reduce uncertainty. Market
ﬂuctuations also provide the basis of a speculative form of
capitalism, which may not be productive but is, nonetheless, based
on mechanisms that are central to the operation of a capitalist
economy.

18

Chapter 2
Where did capitalism
come from?

Capitalism made its breakthrough in Britain. So it is logical to ask
what it was about Britain that provided particularly fertile ground
for its growth. Indeed, some accounts of the origins of capitalism
content themselves with answering this question. Ellen Meiksins
Wood’s recent book ﬁnds its origin in England and, perhaps
surprisingly, in agriculture, in the relationships between landlords,
tenants, and peasants. The ﬁrst section of this chapter pursues a
similar line of argument that owes much to her approach. But can
we stop there? This chapter goes on to argue that capitalism must
be seen ultimately as a European phenomenon. In exploring the
origins of capitalism, the question is not so much why it developed
in Britain but why it emerged in Europe.

Why Britain?
Britain in the 19th century was the ﬁrst industrial society, but it
was the breakthrough of capitalism in the 18th century that made
19th-century industrialism possible. The spread of market
relationships and the growth of consumption generated a large
enough demand to make investment in industrial production
worthwhile. The need to earn money to spend on goods made
people seek industrial employment, even though industrial work
was monotonous and factory conditions were often grim. The
control of labour by the owners of capital enabled them to increase
19

productivity by concentrating workers in factories, introducing
machinery and organizing labour in new ways.

Capitalism

Relationships between employers and workers in the 18th century
already provide clear evidence of capitalist relationships. Trade
unions and industrial conﬂict are generally associated with the
19th century, but organized conﬂicts of interest between labour
and capital were already occurring in the 18th. During this century
most craft workers organized themselves at some stage into
‘combinations’, the forerunners of trade unions. They did this quite
simply because collective organization was the only means by which
they could protect themselves from the capitalist employers’
attempts to cheapen their labour by paying lower wages or
employing less skilled workers.
The wool-combers of the clothing industry in the south-west were
one of the ﬁrst to organize themselves in this way. In 1700 the
Tiverton wool-combers formed a ‘friendly society’, which tried
to establish a minimum wage and prevent clothiers employing
non-members. They engaged in violent disputes with employers
who wanted to import already combed wool from Ireland, an
early example of the now familiar strategy of exploiting cheaper
labour abroad. The wool-combers responded by burning Irish
wool, and attacking the houses of clothiers, attacks on
property that resulted in pitched battles with the local
constabulary.
It was also in 18th-century Britain that typically capitalist ways of
thinking about the economic basis of society were ﬁrst put forward.
The merits of the division of labour, competition, the free operation
of the market, and production for proﬁt were clearly laid out by
Adam Smith. The key thinkers of this time were examining the
mechanisms and principles of the capitalist economy that they
saw emerging all around them. Their ideas were then criticized but
incorporated, with a rather different ideological spin, in Karl
Marx’s 19th-century analysis of the dynamics of capitalism.
20

Why had capitalist production become so extensive in 18th-century
Britain? One possible explanation lies in the prior growth of
merchant capitalism. As we saw in the ﬁrst chapter, merchant
capitalism, particularly in the shape of the East India Company,
developed strongly in the 17th century. Once capital had been
accumulated in this and other trading ventures, it could be invested
in production. Furthermore, international trade enabled the
growth of worldwide markets for the goods produced by capitalist
industry and in the 19th century the Lancashire cotton industry
became largely dependent on the Indian market. Merchant
capitalism also created new ways of investing and trading in
company shares.

The origins of capitalist production in Britain are to be found less in
merchant capitalism than in the earlier growth of production,
consumption, and markets in 16th-century England. Indeed, the
appearance of large enterprises, in, for example, coal mining, has
led some to argue that an industrial revolution was already
occurring in the 16th century. Most production at this time was,
however, small-scale and carried out on a workshop or household
basis, hardly industrial in the modern sense of the word. But there
21

Where did capitalism come from?

Merchant capitalism was not, however, as closely linked to
capitalist production as these arguments would lead one to
suppose. It was domestic rather than overseas demand that lay
behind the growth of production in the 18th century. Furthermore,
as we saw in Chapter 1, those organizing international trading
ventures were not, in any case, concerned with reducing the
costs of production so much as making money out of the huge
differences between the prices paid for goods in the East and
the prices at which they could be sold in Europe; they were
more interested in manipulating markets than organizing
labour. If they wished to invest their capital in other ways,
they were more likely to lend it at a good rate of interest to
governments, particularly to rulers seeking to ﬁnance their
frequent wars.

Capitalism

was, nonetheless, a remarkable growth in the manufacture of
clothing and ordinary household goods, such as buttons and
ribbons, pins and nails, salt, starch and soap, tobacco pipes, knives
and tools, locks, pots and pans, tiles and bricks. Wage labour was
becoming increasingly common and over half the households in
16th-century England were at least partly dependent on wage
labour. This meant that people increasingly had money to buy
such goods and market relationships were becoming more
important in their daily lives. Uniquely in Europe, a national
market based on traders operating out of London had already
emerged at this time.
With the growth of wage labour came the ﬁrst stirrings of class
organization. We saw above that in the 18th century craft workers
were becoming extensively organized in ‘combinations’. The very
beginnings of worker organization can, however, be found
considerably before this. ‘Journeymen’s societies’ were well
established in 16th-century Britain and can be traced back to the
14th. Journeymen, literally ‘day-workers’, were employed by a
master for a short period of time. They varied in skill but were
commonly craftsmen who had completed an apprenticeship but not
yet acquired sufﬁcient skill and experience to qualify as a master.
Increasingly masters tried to keep them as cheap labour by
obstructing their qualiﬁcation as masters and excluding them from
the guild organizations that controlled the crafts. The journeymen’s
response was organization, to defend their status and bargain
collectively for improvements in wages and working conditions.
Although there was still much that was medieval in the ritual
activities of their associations, they also used quite modern
weapons. In Coventry in 1424 the journeymen in the clothing trade
went on strike for higher wages and the town authorities had to
intervene to bring about a settlement. Thus, at this early time,
craftsmen were already becoming divided into an employing and a
labouring class that were in conﬂict with each other.
Little capital was at this stage involved in most craft production, but
22

in some trades, notably clothing, a new form of production, the
‘putting-out system’, was coming into existence. In the case of
clothing, merchants used their capital to buy wool and put this
out to spinners and weavers, before collecting the cloth,
distributing it to other crafts for ﬁnishing off, and ﬁnally selling
it. Although this system was organized by merchants, they were
much closer than those engaged in international trading ventures
to the production process. They were, indeed, commonly
craftsmen by origin.

Thus, we can trace the origins of capitalist production a long way
back, to the 16th century and earlier. What was it about British
society that accounts for these early tendencies towards capitalism?
Arguably, it was changes in the social relationships of the
countryside.
Feudal lords had lived off their rights to produce, labour, or money
payments from an unfree peasantry that was tied to the land, but in
the 15th century market relationships were beginning to supersede
feudal ones. Lords were becoming landowners, who lived off the
rent paid by tenant farmers, who competed in a market for these
23

Where did capitalism come from?

This was a clear and important step on the road to capitalist
production. It was not capitalist production proper, for the owner of
the capital owned the raw material and the product but did not own
the whole of the means of production. Weavers, for example,
generally worked at home on their own looms. Production was
dispersed through many small units and the merchant did not
control the production process or directly supervise the worker.
However, in later forms of this system weavers might rent their
looms from their capitalist employer, or rent workplaces in
workshops owned by the employer, who thereby acquired greater
control over them. The putting-out system shaded into the modern
factory, though it also persisted alongside it and in the textiles
industry still does, for in this industry ﬁnishing-off work is still
commonly put out to home workers.

tenancies. The land was worked increasingly by wage labour and
was also becoming property that could be bought and sold.

Capitalism

The enclosure movement, which began in the late 15th century and
continued intermittently into the 19th, symbolizes these changes in
land ownership. This movement fenced off land, sometimes turning
what had been common land available to all into private property,
and forcing off the land local people who had relied on their right
to exploit common land. Sometimes enclosure simply reorganized
the traditionally scattered parcels of land held by particular
individuals into single, more easily managed, units. The outcome
was the division of land into distinct blocks owned by particular
individuals. Thus, enclosure cut through complex medieval patterns
of land usage and turned land into marketable property.

4. The landscape of enclosure: the mid-18th-century estate of David
Wells at Burbage in Leicestershire, showing a model farm surrounded
by enclosed ﬁelds
24

A market-oriented agriculture contributed to the development of
capitalist production in crucial ways. Competition between farmers
resulted in innovation and a greater productivity that enabled them
to provide food for a growing non-agricultural population. The
farmers who marketed their produce, and their waged agricultural
workers, had money to spend on consumer goods. Greater
agricultural efﬁciency released labour for employment in making
these goods, which were, indeed, produced increasingly in the rural
areas where new centres of production were emerging.

So, why did feudalism decline earlier in Britain? Arguably, because
it had been less solidly established here. In feudal societies
judicial and military authority were dispersed to local lords. They
used the power that this decentralization of right and might gave
them to subordinate and exploit the peasantry. England had,
however, been a relatively uniﬁed, orderly, and cohesive monarchy
since the Norman conquest in 1066. By the 16th century, under the
Tudors, it had become the least feudal and the most uniﬁed and
centralized of European states. The English ruling class had
therefore been less able than its continental counterparts to use
its local military power to extract a surplus from the peasantry.
It relied more on the economic mechanisms provided by
25

Where did capitalism come from?

Why did market relationships replace feudal ones? One commonly
argued reason for the decline of feudal relationships was the impact
of the Black Death. In 15th-century England the feudal lords’ ability
to enforce their rights and control the movement of a subject
peasantry had collapsed, largely as a consequence of this disease.
The Black Death had reduced the population by around a third
in the mid-14th century and empowered a now much smaller
agricultural labour force to resist lords’ attempts to enforce their
rights. Since labour was scarce, peasants could ﬂee oppressive lords
and ﬁnd employment elsewhere. The Black Death was, however, a
European phenomenon, which did not have the same consequences
everywhere, and cannot itself explain the earlier decline of
feudalism in Britain.

landownership, rent, and wage labour. A relatively uniﬁed state also
facilitated the emergence of a national market.
So, in seeking an answer to the question – Why was Britain the ﬁrst
capitalist society? – we end up in 1066. But this is not to suggest
that the arrow in the eye of King Harold caused capitalism to
develop in Britain! It is rather that the consequences of the Norman
conquest eventually produced a society more favourable than other
European societies to the emergence of a fully ﬂedged capitalism.

Capitalism

Capitalism in Europe
Although Britain was the ﬁrst society in which production in
general became capitalist, there are plentiful examples of the
emergence of capitalism elsewhere in Europe. Indeed, the
techniques of capitalist organization were at times much more
advanced in other European societies.
Capitalist production already had a long history in Europe. The
putting-out system seems to have originated in either Flanders
or Italy, and had become widespread in 14th- and 15th-century
Germany. In Flanders it was initially organized by master
weaver-drapers who required little capital for their operations,
but by the 13th century the growth there of a luxury cloth trade,
with a more complex production process, led to the emergence of
‘merchant-entrepreneurs’ employing large amounts of capital.
This industry imported English wool. The commercialization of
agriculture in England was therefore linked to capitalist cloth
production in Flanders, clear proof of the need to treat capitalism as
European in character.
Merchant capital also became heavily involved in continental
mining operations. At the end of the 15th century, merchant
capitalists reorganized mining in northern and central Europe.
After deposits close to the surface had been exhausted, deep
mining, whether of copper, gold, silver, or lead, required large
26

amounts of capital and this provided an opportunity for merchants,
such as the Fuggers of Augsburg, to move in and take control of
production. The Fuggers had made their fortune from trade and
loans to the Hapsburg emperors but then increased it further by
investing in mining operations in Austria and Hungary. Their
Hungarian mine employed hundreds of workers and was highly
proﬁtable. It was in the mines of central Europe that the previously
independent miners became wage labour, and the word arbeite,
German for worker, ﬁrst came into use at this time.

Capitalist production was then developing all over Europe, not just
in Britain, but the growth of capitalism should not be seen just from
the perspective of production. The early development of the
commercial and ﬁnancial techniques of capitalism occurred outside
Britain. Merchant capitalism was more developed in 17th-century
Holland than 17th-century Britain, and key innovations in company
ﬁnance were made by the Dutch East India Company, well before
they were adopted by its British counterpart. The Dutch company’s
capital was made permanent in 1609. Investors now received
dividends from a ‘joint-stock’ company and could no longer
withdraw their capital, though they could sell their shares. This
innovation gave companies a more permanent and independent
existence by enabling them to build up their capital on a long-term
basis. It also created a market in shares and it was no accident that a
stock exchange was established in Amsterdam at the same time.
27

Where did capitalism come from?

There were also early signs of a movement towards capitalist
production in some continental cities. This was particularly evident
in the rapidly developing printing industry. Even though most
printing works were small, capital was required to buy the presses
and pay for wages, paper, and type. Proﬁts depended on keeping the
cost of labour down and there were frequent conﬂicts between
print-masters and their workers, who became highly organized in
journeymen’s associations. There was a big printers’ strike in Lyons
in 1539, which spread to Paris in 1541, and there were further
ﬂare-ups in these cities in 1567 and 1571.

Capitalism

5. The Amsterdam stock exchange, built 1608–13

As we saw in the ﬁrst section of this chapter, these innovations in
merchant capitalism probably had little to do with the growth of
capitalist production. The world of the East Indies companies and
associated stock markets had little connection with manufacturing.
Indeed, the early stages of industrialization in Britain were not
ﬁnanced by investment through joint-stock companies, as the
account in Chapter 1 of the rise of M‘Connel and Kennedy shows.
Most early industrial enterprises were relatively small operations
that were funded by families or local loans and then accumulated
capital from their proﬁts.
Financial innovations were, however, critical to the growth of
the large industrial corporations that in the later 19th century came
to dominate capitalist production. If we are to understand the
origins of the capitalist world that we live in, an understanding of
the growth of large corporations is arguably as important as an
understanding of the emergence of capitalist production itself. The
great break with the past was not so much the rise of capitalist
28

production, which emerged very gradually through a series of small
steps, but the establishment of large, capital-intensive operations
organized by great corporations. From this perspective, the
ﬁnancial innovations of merchant capitalism in 17th-century
Holland were of immense importance.

And we can go back further, for the forerunners of these methods of
raising capital and ﬁnancing trade can be found in the Italian cities,
notably Genoa and Venice, of the 12th century. The earliest form of
bills of exchange originated in late 12th-century Genoa. The risks of
international trade led merchants in the cities to develop new forms
of partnership to ﬁnance voyages and share risks and proﬁts. By the
14th century advances in book-keeping enabled a much closer
control of international trading operations. Innovations of this
kind, which ﬁgured prominently in early accounts of the history of
capitalism, have been sidelined by the more recent emphasis on
the development of capitalist production. An understanding of the
origins of the corporate and ﬁnancial capitalism that dominate the
contemporary world requires that we put them back in.
29

Where did capitalism come from?

These innovations can themselves be traced back from
17th-century Holland to 16th-century Antwerp. There, merchants
had developed new ways of ﬁnancing their trading ventures and
spreading risk by drawing on the capital of a wider circle of
‘passive’ investors. Antwerp was also the centre of a ﬁnancial
revolution based on bills of exchange. These had long existed as
a crucial lubricant of trade, for they enabled merchants to pay
locally for goods they had bought somewhere else, maybe on the
other side of Europe. In the 16th century they were no longer tied
to particular trading transactions but became a means of moving
money around internationally, thereby enabling the creation of a
European capital market. There were also the beginnings of
futures trading with the establishment in Antwerp of a
commodities market called the ‘English House’, where
contracts to buy English wool were traded without wool ever
changing hands.

Capitalism

These innovations could spread rapidly from the ﬁnancially and
commercially most advanced centres in ﬁrst Italy, then Flanders,
then Holland through the trading and ﬁnancial networks that
criss-crossed Europe, for medieval business was European in its
scope. The leading Italian merchant and banking houses had
branches in Flanders, England, and France in the 14th century.
They even ﬁnanced the overseas military adventures of the kings of
England.
It was also not just business relationships that created such
networks but the movement of refugees, particularly in the 16th and
17th centuries. In the second half of the 16th century refugees from
Italy and Flanders carried their knowledge, skills, and capital to
other countries, to Switzerland, Germany, Holland, and England.
The Huguenots, French Protestants with Calvinist beliefs, migrated
or were expelled to England and Switzerland and there started
new industries, such as lace-making, silk manufacture, and
watch-making. Jewish merchants were expelled from Iberia and
dispersed all over Europe, some moving to Antwerp and, after their
expulsion from there, to Amsterdam.
Its openness to refugees contributed signiﬁcantly to the
development of capitalist production in England. In a discussion of
England’s economic rise that resonates interestingly with today’s
debate on immigration, Carlo Cipolla has argued that the economic
contribution of refugees has been neglected and comments on the
‘extraordinary cultural receptiveness’ of Elizabethan England.
Indeed, deliberate efforts were made at this time to revive declining
clothing industries by bringing in from France and Flanders refugee
craftsmen familiar with the latest techniques and products. It was
not only the textiles industry that beneﬁted, for new techniques in
glass-making, paper-making, and iron-working were also brought
in by refugees.
Refugee movements were generated by the religious intolerance
and wars of religion that followed the Reformation and
30

Counter-Reformation, though it was not only for religious reasons
that people migrated. The economic disruption caused by warfare
and military occupation was another major reason for the exodus
from Flanders to Holland. It is also not easy to distinguish
economic refugees from refugees of conscience and belief, as in
today’s world. The areas the refugees left were broadly speaking
those that were economically stagnant or in decline and those
where they settled were in the forefront of economic development.
Economic leadership shifted from Italy to Germany and Flanders,
then to Holland, and only later to Britain. Although, as we have
seen, both consumption and production had been growing steadily
in Britain for centuries, it was not until the 18th century that Britain
overtook Holland to become the leading capitalist country in Europe.

Thus, while one may reasonably ask why Britain was the ﬁrst
country in which production became capitalist, it is quite wrong to
seek the origins of capitalism solely in Britain. This is partly because
crucial features of capitalist organization originated outside Britain.
It is above all, however, because distinct national capitalisms did
not exist at the time when capitalism was emerging. Business
networks were European, merchants and workers moved around
31

Where did capitalism come from?

Changes in economic leadership could result from shifts in trade,
the impact of war, or political and religious change, but they were,
as in our own day, partly the result of international competition and
the self-undermining consequences of success. Thus, Italian
economic decline in the 16th century resulted partly from the shift
of trade from the Mediterranean to the Atlantic but was also the
result of competition from lower-cost producers in northern
Europe. The Italian cities had provided an environment in which
crafts could ﬂourish and make high-quality goods, but wages had
risen, while the guilds and their regulations prevented innovation.
Local attempts to stamp out lower-cost production in rural areas
only made the situation worse. The less developed countries of
northern Europe, like some less developed Third World countries
today, could out-compete the established centres of production.

between countries, and different parts of Europe led the
development of capitalism at different times.

Why Europe?

Capitalism

What was it that made Europe the birth-place of capitalism?
Virtually every distinctive feature of European society has been
advanced by someone as the explanation of the emergence of
capitalism in Europe.
One possible answer lies in Europe’s cities. There has already been
much reference in this chapter to the role of cities in the
development of capitalism. The Italian cities, then Bruges, Antwerp,
Amsterdam, and London, were the source of key innovations in
ﬁnancial and commercial techniques. One of the distinctive features
of European society was the emergence in Italy, Flanders, and
Germany of networks of relatively independent city-states where
commercial and ﬁnancial, rather than landed, interests ruled.
Cities played an indispensable role, but there are problems with
making them the explanation of the emergence of capitalism in
Europe. There was certainly a period between the 11th and 13th
centuries when cities became increasingly independent, but in the
centuries that followed they lost much of their autonomy, ﬁrst to
resurgent feudal rulers and then to the nation-state. Also, capitalist
production developed more strongly in the countryside than the
city, for the guilds in the cities obstructed the ruthless capitalist
pursuit of new methods and cheaper labour. Furthermore, as
argued in the ﬁrst part of this chapter, in Britain at least changes in
agriculture were crucial to the growth of capitalist production.
Perhaps the answer lies in feudalism itself. The relationship
between feudalism and capitalism is intriguing and paradoxical. In
many ways feudalism appears quite opposite in character to
capitalism. Under feudalism, power and wealth were linked to the
control of land not the ownership of capital. Production was not for
32

the market but for consumption by the producer and the lord, who
used physical rather than economic coercion to extract the surplus
from the producer. There was no ‘free’ wage labour, for agricultural
labour was tied to the land. How could such a society give rise to
capitalism?

A transition to a market economy could also be made relatively
easily. Peasants’ obligations to provide labour services or produce
for the lord could be replaced by money payments, which in turn
meant that peasants had to earn money through wage labour or the
sale of produce in markets. Lords themselves stimulated trade and
manufacturing by spending their ill-gotten gains on luxury
products. The class conﬂict inherent in feudalism could also
contribute to this transition, for lords were constantly devising new
ways of extracting money from the peasantry, who fought back by
exploiting labour shortages to free themselves from feudal
obligations and obtain wages in exchange for their labour.
One must add that feudalism did not inevitably shift into capitalism
in this way. It did so in Western Europe but not in Eastern Europe,
where landowners actually increased the feudal exploitation of the
peasantry in the 16th century, in order to make more money from
the export of grain to the cities of Western Europe. Thus, the
economic development of Western Europe for a time at least
intensiﬁed feudalism elsewhere. Feudalism had the potential to
33

Where did capitalism come from?

Although feudal societies have been viewed as reservoirs of anticapitalist conservatism, they were in many ways ﬂexible and
dynamic. Such key features of capitalism as markets and wage
labour could emerge within feudal society, and more easily than in
either slave-based societies, such as ancient Rome, or the selfsufﬁcient peasantries found in much of the rest of the world. Under
feudalism producers had, on the one hand, some degree of freedom,
because, unlike slaves, they had limited and speciﬁed obligations to
their lord. On the other hand, unlike independent and selfsufﬁcient peasants, they were forced to produce a surplus.

Capitalism

evolve into capitalism but whether it did so or not depended on
other factors. In a well-known contribution to the debate on this
question, Robert Brenner has argued that the peasants’ capacity to
organize against their feudal lords and free themselves from feudal
bonds was here critical. In the West lords had less control of villages
than they had in the East.
Another approach starts from the multi-state political structure of
Europe. After the collapse of Rome no ruler was able to establish
imperial control over the whole of Europe, though many tried.
Some have explained this failure by reference to the ethnic diversity
stemming from the multiple barbarian invasions that destroyed
Rome. The inability to construct successor empires resulted also
from the feudal structure of medieval monarchies. The military and
ﬁnancial weakness of feudal rulers dependent on the military
service of unreliable followers and unable to mobilize sufﬁcient
resources doomed their imperial ventures to failure. The absence of
a Europe-wide empire and feudalism were in this case two sides
of the same coin, and we return to feudalism by another route.
But why was the multi-state structure so conducive to the rise of
capitalism? The argument here is in part a negative one, for it is
claimed that imperial bureaucracies inhibit capitalist dynamism
through their taxes, their regulations, and their general
subordination of economic development to political stability. There
is also the positive point that Europe did not fall into anarchy, for
kingdoms were constructed that provided the minimal degree of
order necessary for economic development.
The multi-state character of Europe also made it possible for
entrepreneurs to move from countries where the economic
environment was deteriorating to those providing more favourable
conditions for enterprise. Thus, the stiﬂing effects of the rise of the
Counter-Reformation state in Italy and Flanders did not halt the
development of capitalism because people could move to places
where the political regime was less bureaucratic and more tolerant.
34

As we saw earlier, one of the striking features of the development of
capitalism in Europe was the periodic movement of its leading edge
from one country to another. As conditions deteriorated in one area,
entrepreneurs could ﬁnd pastures new somewhere else.
Perhaps, however, it was distinctive ideas rather than distinctive
structures that resulted in the development of capitalism in Europe.
Religious beliefs motivate people, give their actions meaning, and
regulate their behaviour through norms that specify how they
should live and what they are allowed to do. There is certainly no
doubt that powerful religious institutions penetrated into every
corner of people’s lives in medieval Europe. Were there connections
between Christianity and the development of capitalism?

This puritan work ethic certainly left its imprint on the attitudes
towards work and money typically found in the capitalist societies
of northern Europe and North America but, as an explanation of
the emergence of capitalism, it has been found wanting. Plentiful
examples of Calvinist entrepreneurs can be found, and there was
greater economic growth in countries where Calvinism had taken
35

Where did capitalism come from?

The best-known connection is that made by Max Weber between
the ‘Protestant ethic’ and the ‘spirit of capitalism’. Weber was not, it
should be noted, arguing that Protestantism caused capitalism but
rather that it provided a set of ideas that motivated people to behave
in capitalist ways. Protestant beliefs, especially those of the
Calvinists (or Puritans, as they were called in Britain), drove people
to lead an abstemious life, to save rather than spend, and therefore
resulted in the accumulation of capital. Protestants also believed
that God should be served not by a religious withdrawal from life
but through the proper conduct of the occupation that God had
called them to perform. Protestantism brought the religious
discipline of the monastery into everyday economic activity and
Weber quotes a 16th-century Protestant theologian declaring that
‘you think you have escaped from the monastery, but everyone must
now be a monk throughout his life’.

Capitalism

root, but there is not enough evidence that it was Calvinist beliefs
that were crucial to the emergence of capitalism. Indeed, Henry
Kamen has convincingly argued that it was not the religious beliefs
of Protestant entrepreneurs but their refugee status that accounted
for the apparent relationship between Calvinism and capitalism.
Similarly, Trevor-Roper argued that the Counter-Reformation state
drove entrepreneurs out of Catholic areas, notably Italy and
Flanders, which had previously been the leading economic centres,
into the Calvinist countries of northern Europe. This was partly due
to a new religious intolerance, which forced out not only Protestants
but also Jews and non-fanatical Catholics with broadly humanistic
beliefs, of the kind typically held by Catholic entrepreneurs. It was
also because the bureaucracy and high taxation of the CounterReformation state were inimical to entrepreneurial activity. Some of
the refugees were Calvinist by belief but others became Calvinist by
convenience because they ended up in areas where Calvinism was
the local religion.
The other side to the debate around the religious origins of
capitalism in Europe is the claim that the religions of other
civilizations inhibited the emergence of capitalism there.
Confucianist China provides an interesting case in point. Its
advanced civilization was able to produce many important
innovations, inventing paper and gunpowder, but these did not
became the basis of an industrial capitalism. Confucianist beliefs in
the orderliness of both the natural and social worlds arguably
encouraged social stability rather than the dynamism characteristic
of capitalism. Michio Morishima has, however, argued that it was
the Japanese variant of Confucianism that was largely responsible
for the development of a successful capitalism in Japan. The
problem with arguments from religion is that religious beliefs can
be and are interpreted in so many different ways that religious texts
do not themselves explain very much at all.
China was also the opposite of Europe in other respects. It was a
36

bureaucratic empire that lacked the feudal decentralization,
autonomous cities, and multi-state competitiveness characteristic
of Europe. We cannot therefore isolate the effect of religious
differences from other differences that plausibly account for
the emergence of capitalism in Europe rather than China.

The absence in Europe of a single, cohesive, and totally dominant
elite of this kind is the common factor that brings together the
various explanations we have been considering. Post-Roman
Europe was characterized by political fragmentation, dynastic
competition, urban autonomy, and a continual struggle between
rulers and ruled. Money could certainly be made through
connections with rulers, but states were unstable, rulers were
unreliable, and coercion was met with resistance. In these
circumstances economic activity could become a more attractive
means of acquiring, increasing, and maintaining wealth.
The economic mechanisms of market transactions, capital
accumulation, and wage labour gradually replaced bureaucratic
and feudal means of building it up. The unique structural
features of European society provided the conditions in which the
machinery of capitalism could emerge and ﬂourish.
37

Where did capitalism come from?

Rather than expecting that other advanced civilizations would
generate capitalism, there are, in any case, good reasons why they
did not. Most advanced civilizations were dominated by a single
ruling group that used military or religious, rather than economic,
coercion to scoop off the surplus from those who produced crops
and goods. This surplus was then used for territorial expansion,
the maintenance of military power, and projects and displays that
enhanced prestige. Some form of bureaucratic apparatus was
constructed to tax, regulate, and subordinate the population.
Individuals certainly accumulated exceptional wealth and
possessions in these societies, but through their connections with
the state rather than purely economic activity. There were, in other
words, easier ways to become rich and powerful than through the
accumulation of capital and the management of labour.

Chapter 3
How did we get here?

Capitalism transformed the world but has itself been transformed.
We are now in a quite distinct era in its development, one that
began in the latest transformation during the 1970s and 1980s.
To understand where we are now, we do need, however, to set this
new era in historical context. Thatcherism, which embodied its
central ideas, set out to reverse many of the tendencies of the
previous hundred years and restore the values and vigour of
capitalism in the Victorian age.
This chapter examines the development of industrial capitalism
by dividing it into three stages. These stages and the labels given
to them should not be taken too seriously. They are simply a
convenient way of bringing out the distinctive character of different
periods and the interconnections between their main features. The
stages are outlined with reference to British history, for Britain
produced the ﬁrst industrial capitalism and has been the main
source of the key ideas and institutions of capitalist society. The
next chapter considers international differences in the development
of capitalism.

Anarchic capitalism
This was the stage in the 18th and early 19th centuries when
industrial capitalism made its breakthrough. It was anarchic
38

because the activities of capitalist entrepreneurs were relatively
unchecked either by organized labour or the state. Small factories
and workshops engaged in intense competition with each other,
while labour was mobile, pouring into and building the new
industrial cities, and constructing the canals, roads, and railways
that made possible the mass transportation of goods and people.

The state did begin to regulate the conditions of factory work.
Attempts to limit the number of hours that children could work can
be traced back into the 18th century and had their ﬁrst success in
the Health and Morals of Apprentices Act of 1802, though it was
not until the 1833 Factory Act that the ﬁrst effective legislation to
do this was passed. While some reformers were motivated by
humanitarian concerns, this legislation was not simply directed
against exploitation, for there was also much concern with the
moral welfare of the women and children employed in the factories
and the maintenance of traditional family relationships. The
frequently told story of increasing factory regulation gives, anyway,
a somewhat misleading picture of the state’s involvement in the
economy at this time, for important aspects of economic life were
being deregulated.
39

How did we get here?

As Chapter 2 showed, craftsmen had been trying to organize
themselves into associations that would give them some collective
power since the earliest days of capitalist production. Employer
hostility, intensiﬁed by competitive pressures, together with
unstable employment and the small size of most units of
production, made it very hard for workers to organize but did not
stop them trying. In the early 19th century there were numerous
and increasingly ambitious attempts to form general unions of
all workers. In 1830 the National Association for the Protection
of Labour was founded and in 1834 the Grand National
Consolidated Union, though neither lasted long. At this time
the only unions that could survive were those of skilled workers,
who were able to control entry to their craft and were not easily
replaceable.

Capitalism

The state machinery set up in the 16th century to regulate
apprenticeships, wage rates, and food prices was abolished by 1815.
The freeing of international trade took longer but was achieved by
the 1860s. The key step in this was the ending of import duties on
corn in 1846. Deregulation was in the interests of industrialists,
who wanted the freedom to develop their activities without state
interference. They wanted wage rates to be set by the labour market
not by the state. They also wanted free trade, in part to assist
exports but also because imports of cheap food would allow them to
pay lower wages.
Deregulation was in tune with the rise at this time of liberal beliefs
in the freedom of the individual and the free operation of the
market but did not mean that the state totally withdrew. Indeed, the
very reverse was the case, for market forces could operate freely only
within an orderly society, which required a strengthening of the
state at a time when industrial capitalism was generating great
disorder. Strikes, rioting, machine-breaking, and crimes against
property were threatening both production and order, while trade
unions and radical political movements directly challenged the
capitalist employer and the state. The military were deployed to
quell riots and demonstrations, sometimes with considerable
violence.
State welfare hardly existed at this time. The rising number of poor
people without means of support did become a cause of increasing
concern. This was not, however, because of a concern for their
welfare but rather because of a fear that they would become a
burden on the local community. They had to be forced to work, and
in 1834 the Poor Law Amendment Act introduced a new system of
relief to do just that. The existing practice of ‘outdoor relief’ was
abolished and a system of indoor relief created. Only those who
entered a ‘workhouse’ would be given support. Conditions there
would be made worse than those experienced by the poorest paid
worker, so that only those unable to work would enter. This law
generated enormous hostility amongst the poor, and in practice the
40

old system of outdoor relief largely continued, but the 1834 law
illustrates well the attitude of the state to poverty during the period
of anarchic capitalism.
Competitive small-scale manufacturing, weak labour organization,
economic deregulation, a strong state, and minimal state welfare
were the mutually reinforcing features of this stage in the
development of capitalism. Liberal beliefs in the freedom of the
individual were particularly characteristic of this period but not just
of historical signiﬁcance. Liberalism persisted as a powerful set of
ideas, which later resurfaced in the ‘neo-liberal’ guise of the beliefs
and policies that have been so inﬂuential during the most recent
stage of capitalist development.

During the next stage in the development of capitalism, which
began in the second half of the 19th century and came to its
peak in the 1970s, competition and market regulation declined
as both sides of industry became more organized and as state
management and control increased. International conﬂict also
played its part in this, as governments both sought to protect
national economies from a growing international competition and
more effectively manage and mobilize their resources against their
enemies.
Class organization was one of the main driving forces behind
the developments of this next stage. More stable economic
growth after the middle of the 19th century, the emergence of
larger units of production, and the construction of stronger
union organizations produced the conditions in which a national
labour movement could at last emerge and survive. Employers
too became more organized. Employers’ associations were
establishing themselves in the second half of the 19th century,
as employers banded together at industry level, partly in
order to counter the growing industrial power of the unions
41

How did we get here?

Managed capitalism

6. The Cyclops steelworks in Shefﬁeld, 1853: large units concentrated production and
facilitated the organization of labour

but also to reduce the uncertainties generated by unregulated
competition.
The main way in which employers reduced uncertainty was not,
however, through association but through concentration. The
simplest way of dealing with the competition was to buy it up
or merge with it. In Britain this process got strongly under way
towards the end of the 19th century and there was a further wave
of mergers in the 1920s, which resulted in the 1926 creation of ICI
(Imperial Chemical Industries) out of four chemical companies that
were themselves the products of earlier mergers. Increasing
concentration has always been one of the main tendencies in
capitalist organization and shows little sign of ceasing.

It also became more managed in other ways, as governments
responded to class organization by becoming more involved in the
management of class relationships. The state shifted from the
repression of working class discontent to its management through
43

How did we get here?

As corporate units became larger, the management function grew
and with it managerial occupations and associations. Some now
claimed that a ‘managerial revolution’ was changing the character
of capitalist industrialism. They argued that the growth of
management, together with the spread of share ownership to many
small and powerless owners, meant that managers rather than
shareholders now controlled corporations. Instead of seeking
simply to maximize proﬁts, managers took account of the interests
of all with a stake in the company. Plausible as it was, this notion of
a ‘managerial revolution’ overstated the power of managers, for
owners were still ultimately in control and proﬁtability remained
the ‘bottom line’, but industrial production was undoubtedly a
much more managed process than it had been before. Indeed,
Alfred Chandler has argued convincingly that the 20th-century
supremacy of the American corporation was due to the
‘organizational capabilities’ of American management. This was
one sense in which capitalism had become increasingly ‘managed’.

Capitalism

incorporation, that is through the inclusion and representation of the
working class. In the political arena, incorporation took the form of
extending the right to vote, most notably in 1867, and the subsequent
competition for working class votes between the existing political
parties, which delayed the emergence of the Labour Party into the
20th century. This was not founded until 1906, long after comparable
parties had been established in other European countries. In the
industrial arena, the unions were given some legislative protection
during the 1870s, though the employers still took occasional
action against them through the courts, until the Trade Disputes
Act of 1906 provided them with immunity from civil actions.
The state also increasingly took responsibility for people’s welfare.
This process began with public health measures in the mid-19th
century, but it was not until the decade before the First World War
that the foundations of the modern welfare state were laid with the
provision of state pensions, of unemployment, disability, and
maternity beneﬁts, and of sick pay and free medical treatment by
general practitioners. In the 1940s the construction of the welfare
state was completed with the provision of free secondary education,
the founding of the National Health Service, and the extension of
beneﬁts to provide a universal safety-net. Employment is crucial to
welfare and the experience of the 1930s depression made the
maintenance of ‘full employment’ one of the highest priorities of
postwar governments.
Not only were education and health taken out of the market-place
but also other important industries and services. This process
started locally with the so-called ‘municipal socialism’ of the last
quarter of the 19th century, which took gas and water supply into
public ownership and provided publicly owned city transport. The
public provision of housing began with the 1890 law that gave
councils the power to build houses. The taking of telephone
companies into public ownership began in 1892. Then in the
20th century electricity generation, broadcasting, civil aviation, the
railways, coal mining, and many other industries too numerous to
44

list here were created or taken over by the state. Much of this
‘nationalization’ was motivated not by socialist beliefs in the merits
of public ownership but by nationalist concerns with the public
ownership of key services and the inefﬁciency of fragmented or
backward industries, which had failed to modernize themselves.

The rivalries between empires which lay behind much of the
international conﬂict of the ﬁrst half of the 20th century drove
forward many of the features of managed capitalism, but this was
not the only relationship between empires and managed capitalism.
As international competition increased after industrial capitalism
spread from Britain to other countries, free trade came to be
eventually displaced by a protectionism that reached its peak in
the 1930s. Markets could be protected, and the supply of cheap raw
materials maintained, by constructing an empire and fencing it off
from competitor nations. This protection also made it possible for
employers to arrive at compromises with the unions that could not
have been sustained in the face of increasing competition from
countries with higher productivity or lower wages.
45

How did we get here?

The political incorporation of the working class, the rise of the
Labour Party, and socialist ideas evidently played an important
part in all this, but it was also driven by international conﬂict. The
breakthrough in the development of state welfare came during
the decade before the First World War and reﬂected not only the
political incorporation of the working class but also concerns with
the poor physical condition of British soldiers during the Boer War
and an awareness of the superior development of state welfare in
imperial Germany. The First World War then led to a huge
extension of state control over the economy and, although much
of this was dismantled afterwards, it did establish important
precedents for the future expansion of state ownership. The First
World War also boosted class organization, with both the unions
and the employers for the ﬁrst time developing centralized national
organizations, in order to inﬂuence a government becoming heavily
involved in economic management.

Capitalism

Two important qualiﬁcations must be made to this argument.
Firstly, it is not being argued that empires were constructed solely
for economic reasons but rather that, particularly in the British
case, they enabled the development of a managed capitalism based
on class organization and class compromise. Secondly, by empire is
not meant only the colonial territories under imperial government
but also those parts of the world dominated by British corporate
and ﬁnancial interests. Britain actually beneﬁted economically
more from its investments in Latin American countries that were
not colonies but were controlled by British ﬁnancial interests.
In the quarter century or so after the Second World War managed
capitalism reached its fullest extent. It was in the 1940s that a
welfare state was fully established and the last big burst of
nationalization occurred, though some ailing companies were
still being taken into public ownership in the 1970s. Public sector
housing expanded and at its peak in 1979 a remarkable third of
British households were in the public sector. The governments of
the 1960s and 1970s tried to regulate prices and incomes through
deals with the unions and employers that offered them some
inﬂuence over government policy in exchange for cooperation in its
implementation. Governments also tried to pursue countercyclical
policies that would maintain employment levels. Equality issues
were politically prominent, particularly in relation to education,
taxation, and welfare.
The evident deﬁciencies and intense conﬂicts of anarchic capitalism
had generated the contrasting organizations, institutions, and
ideologies of a ‘managed capitalism’, which had a distinctive and
coherent character. This second stage was shaped by the growth
of large corporations, the development of class organization,
corporatist relationships between the state and class organizations,
state intervention and regulation, state welfare, and the extension
of public ownership, which were inter-related and mutually
reinforcing processes. What they all had in common was a
reduction in the signiﬁcance of market relationships in people’s
46

lives, reﬂecting a general reaction against the dehumanizing impact
of the market forces that had increasingly shaped the way that
people lived during capitalism’s breakthrough period. The
dynamics of capitalism alone cannot, none the less, account for the
development of managed capitalism. It was the national and
international context that allowed and assisted these processes to
develop, for during this stage capitalism was organized within
national empires.

Remarketized capitalism

Why did managed capitalism collapse? One reason for this was
that its corporatist institutions could not in the end be made to
work. Government attempts to regulate prices and incomes failed
time after time, because the cooperation they required between
unions, employers, and the state was either not forthcoming or
could not be engineered. When governments adopted more
coercive policies, they met a union resistance they could not
overcome, a resistance that could prove fatal to the governments
themselves. In 1974 the Conservative government’s inability to deal
with a miners’ strike against its incomes policy resulted in electoral
defeat, and Labour lost the 1979 election after a ‘winter of
discontent’, when its incomes policy fell apart in a wave
of public sector strikes.
47

How did we get here?

In the 1960s the welfare state, corporatist relationships between
governments and major interest organizations, and extensive public
ownership all appeared to be well-established features of British
society. The structures and values of managed capitalism had been
evolving for at least a century and it looked as though they would
continue to develop into the foreseeable future. They certainly had
their critics, on the Right and the Left, but were not seriously
questioned by mainstream politicians until the end of the decade.
Yet, during the 1970s managed capitalism collapsed and in the
1980s a new orthodoxy, centred on the revival of market forces, had
imprinted itself on government policy.

Capitalism

It was argued at the time that this failure to make managed
capitalism work was a result of the peculiar organizational
deﬁciencies of British industrial relations. This was plausible, given
the decentralized and archaic organization of both unions and
employers. Their structures had been shaped in the 19th century
and had not adapted to economic and social change. Furthermore,
corporatist institutions appeared to work smoothly in Sweden, with
its more centralized, symmetrical, and functional structures,
though Swedish institutions too went into disarray in the 1970s, as
the next chapter will show. There was more to the problems of
managed capitalism than the archaic character of British
institutions.
The real problem was that increasing international competition was
putting the old industrial societies under growing pressure, a
pressure intensiﬁed by the economic crisis of the 1970s, which we
examine in Chapter 6. Their employers responded by trying to
reduce labour costs, which meant holding down wages, or shedding
workers, or increasing productivity, all of which were unpopular
with workers and resisted by their unions. As managed capitalism
had developed, these unions had increased both their membership
and their power so that they were in a strong position to resist
changes that they reasonably saw as against the interests of their
members.
The managed capitalism of the old industrial societies had enabled
them to deal with many of the problems generated by industrial
capitalism and arrive at workable compromises between the owners
of capital and the organizations of labour. As was noted above, one
of the conditions that enabled managed capitalism to develop
was, however, the insulation of national economies from
international competition. With the decline of empires and the
growth of free trade, national insulation was breaking down,
international competition was increasing, and the institutions of
managed capitalism were put under pressures that they could
not handle.
48

There were also broader changes in values and priorities, which
signalled a popular reaction against managed capitalism. There
were signs of a growing revolt against higher taxation and a
rising dissatisfaction with the take-it-or-leave-it attitudes of
public services ﬁnanced by taxation. These services did not
provide the choice or responsiveness that consumers were coming
to expect. Even though unemployment was growing in the 1970s,
people were becoming more concerned with taxes and prices
than jobs. The collectivist concerns with welfare, equality,
and employment that were the central values of managed
capitalism were giving way to a more individualist focus on freedom
and choice.

After the Conservatives’ election victory in 1979, Keynesianism –
the maintenance of high employment through the government
management of the economy and public spending – and
corporatism were out. There was a clear shift of priorities from the
maintenance of employment to the control of inﬂation. The
national organizations of the unions and the employers were no
longer consulted about government policy and the representatives
of both found themselves removed from state bodies. It was no
surprise that union representatives were left out in the cold by a
49

How did we get here?

These changes not only provide part of the explanation for the
decline of managed capitalism but also help to account for the
direction of its transformation in the 1980s. Managed capitalism
had critics on the Left as well as the Right of politics, but in the
1980s it was the right-wing option that triumphed. ‘Neo-liberal’
beliefs in the freedom of the individual and the free operation of
market forces came to dominate ideology and policy. This
neo-liberalism sought to reverse the tendencies of managed
capitalism and return British society to the vigour of its early
capitalist stage. Its main ideas were developed in the 1970s by Keith
Joseph, the guru of the New Right, implemented by governments
led by Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s, and then adopted by New
Labour in the 1990s.

Capitalism

government of the Right, but the Director-General of the CBI,
the national employers’ organization, was shocked to ﬁnd
that he too was cold-shouldered when he met Margaret
Thatcher in 1980. The rejection of corporatist relationships cut
both ways.
Market forces were to be revived by ‘rolling back the state’ in various
ways. Welfare expenditure was cut through the restriction of beneﬁt
payments, particularly the payment of unemployment beneﬁt, by
the replacement of grants with loans, as students know to their cost,
and by increases in charges. There was, none the less, no overall
reduction of state spending, since rising unemployment resulted in
higher social security expenditure. Nor was there an overall
reduction in taxation but rather a shift from income tax to indirect
taxes, which, it was claimed, at least gave people greater choice,
since they did not have to buy the products that carried
these taxes.
Public sector industries and services were returned to the
market-place through various forms of privatization. Its simplest
form was the sale of public companies to private individuals and,
according to Yergin and Stanislaw, two-thirds of state-owned
industries, amounting to 46 major businesses employing some
900,000 workers, had been sold in this way by 1992. There was also
a massive sale of public-sector housing, when the government
legislated council tenants’ rights to buy the property they lived in.
Another form it took was ‘compulsory competitive tendering’. This
required public-sector agencies to put the services they supplied out
to private tender and give the contract to the most competitive bid.
In 1983, for example, all district health authorities were required to
introduce competitive tendering for the provision of cleaning,
laundry, and catering services. An existing ‘in-house’ provider might
win a contract, but to do so it had to behave as if it were a private
company.
Other public sector services could not so easily be privatized in
50

these ways. They could, however, be made to behave as though they
were competing in a market-place. Thus, the outright privatizing of
health and education was not politically possible but the creation of
internal markets in health and education forced schools, colleges,
and hospitals into competition with each other. At the same time,
private alternatives in health and education (and pensions provision
too) were subsidized and encouraged. The prison service as a whole
was not privatized, but in the 1990s some prisons were placed
under private management to generate a competition between
private- and public-sector provision.

This industry had been regulated by the bodies that managed each
of its separate areas and maintained the boundaries between them.
Building societies and banks, for example, each loaned money but
traditionally operated in different markets and did not compete
with each other. Boundaries between ﬁnancial functions, like the
barriers between professions, were out of step with the neo-liberal
belief in maximizing competition, though this system was breaking
down anyway under the pressures of international competition.
London and its ﬁnancial institutions were competing for capital
with New York and other ﬁnancial centres. The removal of
international barriers, especially with the abolition of exchange
controls in 1979, intensiﬁed these competitive pressures by allowing
foreign banks a greater freedom to operate in London and British
banks a greater freedom to operate abroad. Barings, whose recent
story we outlined in Chapter 1, used this new freedom
opportunistically and disastrously.
It must, however, be emphasized that although signiﬁcant
51

How did we get here?

Market forces were also revived by removing or reducing the state
regulation of economic activities. Deregulation too took many
forms, such as the removal of restrictions on Sunday trading, the
relaxation of planning regulations, and the lighter touch regulation
of commercial television. It perhaps had most impact on the
ﬁnancial industry.

deregulatory changes certainly occurred, there was no overall
process of deregulation. As Andrew Gamble has forcefully argued, a
free economy requires a strong state. The reviving of market forces
actually increased state regulation. There are plentiful examples of
this from the Thatcher years.

Capitalism

Privatization alone would not stimulate market competition, if state
monopolies were simply turned into private monopolies or private
companies were allowed to manipulate markets, so a series of new
regulatory ‘ofﬁces’, such as Ofgas, Oftel, and Ofwat, were created to
police the gas, telecoms, and water market-places.
In a different way, trade unions were considered to obstruct the
free operation of the labour market and were subjected to more
legal regulation than they had ever experienced before. They had
seen off the 1960s and 1970s attempts by both Labour and
Conservative governments to reform them, but in the 1980s they
were forced into submission. The legislation that now regulated
them was backed by punitive sanctions and deﬁance could and did
lead not only to ﬁnes but to a union losing its funds, its buildings,
all its assets. The unions took a huge battering from the
government in the 1980s, particularly in the carefully planned
defeat of the miners’ strike in 1984–5. Coal stocks had been built
up before the strike was provoked and the police were extensively
deployed to frustrate the union’s picketing tactics and bring
miners before the courts. According to Percy-Smith and
Hillyard, there were over 4,000 prosecutions, mainly for public
order offences.
The central government also took tighter control of local
government, in order to control overall state expenditure and force
the privatization of local government services. In education and
health, new state apparatuses for improving and auditing their
quality, and providing information about their performance, were
constructed. There was in fact a greater extension of central state
control – over local authorities, education and health, and trade
52

7. Rolling back: the state uses the police to defeat the miners in 1984

Capitalism

unions – than had ever previously occurred in peace-time Britain
and the state was not actually ‘rolled back’ at all.
That all this was not just the result of Conservative government and
reﬂected a new stage in the development of capitalism is shown by
the broad continuation of neo-liberal policies by New Labour. There
have admittedly been some departures from the Thatcherite script,
as with the introduction of a minimum wage, the granting of
recognition rights to the unions, and a partial return of the railways
to the public sector. The minimum wage was, however, set at a low
level, while most of the legislation regulating union behaviour has
been left intact, and privatization has been continued rather than
reversed. Labour has indeed explored complex and ingenious ways
of extending privatization into new areas through the device of
public-private partnerships, which draw private capital and
management into public services. Thus, private companies have
taken over the management of ‘failing’ schools and even ‘failing’
local education authorities.
Labour’s plan for the National Health Service (NHS) provides a
good illustration of its approach. Although Labour had heavily
criticized, and supposedly abolished, the internal market
introduced by the Conservatives, market mechanisms were
prominent in its 2002 plan for the NHS. Patient choice was at the
heart of this plan, which claimed that patients and their doctors
would eventually be able to choose when and where patients would
be treated, even allowing them to choose private or overseas
hospitals. Since funding would follow patients, hospitals would be
under pressure to compete for them. There was much emphasis on
achieving better performance through decentralization, incentives,
and ‘payment by results’.
All this reliance on market mechanisms did not, however, mean
that the market rather than the state would regulate the NHS. The
National Institute for Clinical Excellence would ensure that the
most cost-effective treatments were used. National Service
54

Frameworks would lay down standards of treatment. A ‘health
super-regulator’, called the Commission for Healthcare Audit and
Inspection, would monitor performance, grade health-care trusts,
and scrutinize complaints. The Commission for Social Care
Inspection would regulate nursing and the care of old people. All
this was in addition to the hundreds of targets spelled out by the
government’s National Plan for Health.

Transformations of capitalism
In this chapter we have examined two transformations in
capitalism. What can we learn about capitalism from them?
The ﬁrst transformation, from anarchic to managed capitalism,
showed that it was possible to protect people from at least some of
the worst consequences of the operation of market forces. The
conditions of work could be regulated and through collective
organization workers could limit the power of the employer and
negotiate improvements in wages and conditions. Welfare became a
55

How did we get here?

The distance travelled by New Labour from the socialist ideas of the
past is shown by key changes in its values. There has been a broad
shift from collectivism to individualism, as New Labour has
distanced itself from its traditional social base, the trade unions.
Labour’s enthusiastic conversion to consumer choice in education
and health demonstrates this individualism well. There has been
some redistribution, particularly through measures to reduce child
poverty, but the upward 1980s leap of inequalities in income
distribution has not been reversed and income inequalities have
indeed increased further. Much of the redistributive egalitarianism
that sought to use the state to transfer resources from the rich to the
poor has been displaced by a more individualist provision of greater
opportunities for the poor to realize their potential. Signiﬁcantly,
inequality is now discussed in terms not of differences in wealth or
income but of access. As Anthony Giddens has put it ‘the new
politics deﬁnes equality as inclusion and inequality as exclusion’.

Capitalism

matter for the state, which removed key services from the
market-place so that they could be provided equally to all citizens.
Governments tried to manage the economy by developing
cooperation between the state and the organizations of unions and
employers. Capitalism could be managed, even if those trying to
manage it often got things wrong, sometimes gave in to pressure
from the powerful owners of capital, or simply failed to deliver what
they had promised.
The fundamental problem faced by managed capitalism was,
however, that in restricting and replacing the market provision of
goods and services it was weakening the central mechanism of a
capitalist economy. When increasing international competition and
the economic crisis of the 1970s placed severe strains on the old
industrial societies, managed capitalism began to break down.
Managed capitalism was also undermined by an increasing
individualism that gave greater priority to consumer choice and
market provision. There were calls for a return to the values and
vitality of earlier times.
In a second transformation market forces were revived, but there
was no ‘rolling back’ of the state, for market mechanisms could only
operate in the context of state intervention and regulation. Indeed,
the whole notion of an earlier stage in which the market ruled was a
myth, for during the time of anarchic capitalism the state had,
through the maintenance of order, played a key part in enabling
capitalism to function. The latest stage, of remarketized capitalism,
has in fact been characterized by a massive increase in state
regulation, which has become more extensive than it ever was
during the period of managed capitalism.
The new world of remarketized capitalism provides greater choice
and more freedom for the individual but also a less secure life,
intensiﬁed work pressures, and greater inequality. Whether one
considers consumer goods, media channels, holiday destinations, or
schools, there is no denying the provision of greater choice. Futures
56

have, however, become less secure, particularly in those critical
areas of people’s lives – employment, housing, and pensions.
Insecurity and the weakening of union organization have reduced
the capacity of employees to resist the employers’ demands for
harder and better work, demands driven by increased competition
and closer state regulation. The gap has widened between those
trapped in low-wage occupations who face insecure futures and
those able to exploit the new opportunities to accumulate wealth.
As managed capitalism developed, the freedom of the individual
was diminished in the name of greater equality, but in a
remarketized capitalism, equality and security have been sacriﬁced
to freedom and choice.

57

How did we get here?

There is little sign of this changing in the near future, but it would
be wrong to assume that this is the ﬁnal stage in the development of
capitalism. If the market now appears unassailable, so did managed
capitalism in its time. If managed capitalism had many weaknesses
and deﬁciencies, so does remarketized capitalism, for inequalities
and insecurities create their own inefﬁcencies and pressures for
change. Furthermore, as we show in Chapter 6, this new stage in
the development of capitalism has itself been dogged by instability
and recurrent crises. The remarketizing of capitalism has not solved
the problems of capitalist society.

Chapter 4
Is capitalism everywhere
the same?

As managed capitalism developed in different societies, it took very
different organizational and institutional forms, but in the wake
of the 1970s crisis the neo-liberal model of capitalism became
intellectually and ideologically dominant. This model seemed to be
driving all societies towards a new market-based uniformity. Does
this mean that capitalism is becoming everywhere the same? Or
have the international differences of managed capitalism persisted
and maintained the diversity of capitalist societies? This chapter
examines the development and transformation of three very
different systems of managed capitalism in Sweden, the United
States, and Japan.

Swedish capitalism
Managed capitalism in Sweden probably comes closest of the three
to managed capitalism in Britain. Like Britain it has had a strong
labour movement, a highly developed welfare state, and minimal
state involvement in the industrialization process, though Sweden
was rather more successful in developing an efﬁciently functioning
managed capitalism.
The circumstances of Sweden’s industrialization were quite
different to Britain’s. Sweden industrialized later and with only a
small domestic market, because of its small population, and without
58

the markets and resources of an overseas empire. Swedish industry
was therefore dependent upon exports and had to be highly
competitive if it was to survive. Indeed, some have argued that this
pressure forced Swedish unions and employers to cooperate and
explains the ‘labour peace’, for which Sweden later became well
known.

Class cooperation came out of class conﬂict. The growth of such
strong organizations made possible a staunchly corporatist form of
managed capitalism, in which its management was substantially
delegated to the central organizations. While British governments
struggled in the 1950s and 1960s to get the national organizations
of the unions and employers to take responsibility for wage
restraint, Swedish governments could largely leave this to them.
Indeed, Sweden acquired a reputation for ‘labour peace’ mainly
because of the control these powerful organizations exerted over
their members. Thus, it was the very intensity of class conﬂict
in Sweden that created the conditions for organized class
cooperation and peaceful industrial relations.
59

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

This view is quite misleading, for there was intense class conﬂict
during the early years of industrial capitalism in Sweden. In 1909
there was a ﬁve-month-long general strike that makes the British
general strike of 1926, which lasted one whole week, look like a
gentlemanly cricket match. The 1909 strike resulted from a steady
escalation of conﬂict, as each side of industry extended its
organization in order to outgun the other. Socialists were heavily
involved in union organization and in the particular context of
Swedish industrialization were able to create a strong and uniﬁed
organization of the working class. Swedish employers responded
by constructing a highly centralized national employers’
association, which forced a comparable centralization on the
unions. The absence of ethnic and religious divisions and low
levels of individualism in a Lutheran society may well have
facilitated strong class organization, but conﬂict was the driving
force behind it.

Capitalism

A strong and uniﬁed labour movement also provided the basis for
a long period of Social Democratic government, from 1932 until
1976. This established its reputation through measures to relieve
unemployment in the 1930s and an early adoption of Keynesian
policies. It later created an advanced and extensive welfare state,
based on high and progressive taxation.
State welfare was but one aspect of the collectivist policies of the
labour movement. This also strove to reduce inequality through
a ‘wage solidarity’ policy that remarkably compressed wage
differentials, with the gap between the average wages of the higher
and lower paid halving during the 1960s and 1970s. In the 1970s
there was also extensive legislation to protect employees in the
workplace and give them a voice in company policy. Such policies
were not simply pursued out of ideology. They were part of
a Social Democratic strategy to increase the labour movement’s
organizational and political strength by creating a common interest
and identity amongst all employees, working class and middle class.
All this did not mean that Social Democratic Sweden was becoming
a non-capitalist society. The labour movement’s leadership
recognized that welfare depended not just on the strength of
socialist ideas and working class organization but also on the
operation of a dynamic capitalist economy that could compete
internationally and increase the size of the national economic cake.
It was one of the central principles of Swedish economic policy that
unproﬁtable companies should be allowed to go bankrupt, so that
their resources could be transferred to proﬁtable sectors of the
economy. Swedish workers were in this respect rather less protected
than British workers by government interventions to bail out failing
companies. Furthermore, the union-controlled labour market
policy did not protect jobs but assisted workers to become mobile
and retrain.
Sweden showed that a Social Democratic welfare capitalism could
really work, and this was apparently conﬁrmed by its avoidance of
60

Thatcherism. Levels of industrial conﬂict did rise and Sweden too
faced economic crises in the 1970s. Indeed, there seemed to be a
parallel with Britain as a growing individualism and the shift of
politics to the Right resulted in six years of ‘bourgeois’ government
between 1976 and 1982. The Swedish Right was, however,
historically divided between three parties that could not cooperate
sufﬁciently to carry through a Thatcherite transformation. The
Social Democrats then returned to government and this, together
with favourable economic conditions, suggested that the Swedish
model had weathered the storm.

They were also alienated by another sequence of changes. In the
1960s workers became discontented with the impact on their jobs
and work conditions of Sweden’s dynamic capitalism. A submerged
labour radicalism resurfaced with demands for greater industrial
and economic democracy. This culminated in the ingenious
Meidner Plan to transfer gradually the ownership of industry from
private capital to union-controlled funds, though only a heavily
watered-down version was actually legislated. The Social Democrat
leadership was not going to wreck the capitalist engine of Swedish
economic growth. Serious damage was done, none the less, to the
relationship between the labour movement and the employers.
61

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

This was an illusion, for the corporatist cooperation central to
the Swedish model was now in a state of collapse. Centralized
organization had generated its own tensions, not only between
centre and periphery but between different sections of
labour. The inevitable extension of centralized organization to
white-collar and public-sector workers, as their occupations
grew, produced very powerful organizations and these then
engaged in competitive rivalries, which the centralized structure
of Swedish bargaining could not contain and, if anything,
ampliﬁed. The central wage negotiations became longer, more
complex, and more conﬂictual. In the process Swedish employers
became thoroughly alienated from the institutions of central
cooperation.

Capitalism

The modus vivendi established in the 1930s between the labour
movement and the employers had come to an end. During the
1980s the main employers’ organization embarked on a broad
counter-attack to reinstall the values of an individualist and
capitalist society. There was an employer drive to decentralize and
individualize wage bargaining, and in 1990 the employers ﬁnally
withdrew from the central wage bargaining that had enabled the
reduction of wage differentials. Their strategy switched from a
corporatist representation of their interests on state bodies to a
greater use of political inﬂuence and lobbying. Corporatism had
been dismantled in Sweden, though by the employers rather than
by a bourgeois political party, as in Britain.
A limited remarketizing of Swedish society had already begun as
Swedish politics moved in a neo-liberal direction during the later
1980s. Welfare capitalism had generated a large public sector, high
public expenditure, a large government deﬁcit, and inﬂationary
wage settlements, which were evidently eroding Swedish
competitiveness. Business leaders warned that unless changes
were made they would have to move their operations out of
Sweden and the leadership of the Social Democratic Party
recognized that industry was becoming uncompetitive. Exchange
controls were lifted and ﬁnancial markets deregulated; private
capital was brought into state-owned industries; local authority
services were operated increasingly on business lines; beneﬁts and
public expenditure were cut; taxation became increasingly
indirect.
The crunch came in the early 1990s. The economic crisis that had
been brewing in the 1980s arrived and GDP fell by 5% during
1991–3, while unemployment soared to levels not seen since the
1930s. The Social Democrats could not cope and were rejected by
the electorate in 1991. Three years of ‘bourgeois’ government led by
Sweden’s most right-wing party followed. This meant further cuts
in beneﬁts and the introduction of more market mechanisms in the
delivery of social services. Then when the Social Democrats
62

returned in 1994 they too had to cut welfare expenditure in order to
deal with a large government deﬁcit. In the 1980s many had
thought that the Swedish case proved that the Social Democratic
alternative was still viable, but the early 1990s seemed to show that
it was not.

Central wage agreements no longer exist but their replacement by
broad sectoral agreements between employer and union groupings
shows that Swedish wage bargaining has remained highly
coordinated. Union membership has declined but is still,
internationally speaking, exceptionally high, with 81% of employees
unionized in early 2003, as compared with around 30% in Britain
in recent years. This difference had in fact widened, as union
membership declined much faster in Britain than Sweden.
The Swedish welfare state is also still distinctive. The Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development’s (OECD’s) summary
measure of state beneﬁt entitlements shows Britain and Sweden at
virtually the same level in 1981, a substantial gap then opening up
between them during the 1980s, as beneﬁts were cut in Britain, and
largely persisting since then in spite of the cuts in Sweden. Duane
Swank’s review of recent research on the Swedish welfare state
concludes that there has not been ‘much if any convergence of the
Swedish welfare state with its neoliberal counterparts’.
Furthermore, these deviations from the neo-liberal model have
been compatible with economic revival and a viable capitalism.
63

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

The key issue here is the kind of comparison that is made. If Sweden
in the early 21st century is compared with Sweden in the 1960s and
1970s, then there is no doubt that the ‘Swedish model’ of central
cooperation, welfare capitalism, and growing equality has declined.
As in other societies, inequality started to increase again during the
1980s. But if contemporary Swedish capitalism is compared with
contemporary capitalisms elsewhere, there are considerable and
signiﬁcant differences, some of which are actually increasing.

Capitalism

Sweden did go through a severe economic crisis in the early
1990s but has since recovered. Unemployment dropped from the
10%-plus level reached early in the 1990s to a tolerable 4% in 2001.
The 2002 OECD Economic Survey of Sweden concluded that
‘overall, the economy is performing well’.
So what does the Swedish case tell us about capitalism? It shows
that in certain conditions the conﬂict between employers and
unions generated by capitalism can provide the basis for centralized
class cooperation and a functioning system of corporatist
management and welfare capitalism. It also shows that such a
system could not in the end contain the underlying conﬂicts
between capital and labour, and sections of labour, which eventually
paralysed it. Increasing international competition and global
economic integration made such a high-cost system difﬁcult to
maintain. Economic crisis was postponed but could not be avoided,
and Sweden had to conform to some degree to international
neo-liberal tendencies. All this did not mean, however, that the
structures and institutions created during the period of managed
capitalism disappeared. The revitalizing of Swedish capitalism did
not eliminate its collectivist distinctiveness, which remains and is
proving perfectly compatible with economic growth.

American capitalism
With its pronounced individualism, American capitalism has been
at the opposite end of the ideological and organizational spectrum.
Industrialization occurred in a decentralized and individualist
society, where there was a widespread belief in success through
enterprise and initiative. The absence of an aristocracy and the
establishment of political and civil rights by the 18th-century
American Revolution had encouraged such beliefs. The growth of
industrial capitalism did result in the formation of unions, but these
were mainly self-interested organizations of craft workers that were
not concerned with class organization or the socialist
transformation of society.
64

In this context the business corporation ﬂourished and produced
a corporate rather than corporatist capitalism, in which
business corporations rather than class organizations were
the dominant actors. The large American domestic market
enabled the growth of big corporations and in the late 19th century
a greater concentration of ownership occurred than in other
industrial societies. At ﬁrst this took the form of ‘horizontal’
mergers to give control over markets, as in Rockefeller’s
construction of Standard Oil. It was, however, the ‘vertically’
integrated corporation, which built a strong and secure competitive
position by bringing together all stages in the production and
distribution of a product, that became the dominant form in the
20th century.

The centrality of the business corporation was paralleled by the
distinctive character of American trade unionism. This was
predominantly a ‘business unionism’ concerned not with social
transformation or even the collective interests of labour as a whole
but with obtaining the best possible contract for union members.
This meant not only good wages but also fringe beneﬁts, such as
holidays-with-pay, insurance, and health care, particularly after the
Second World War. This business unionism reﬂected not only
domination by the business corporation but also the divisions
within the American working class. It was the unionism of white,
65

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

America was the home of the ‘managerial revolution’ theory,
discussed brieﬂy in Chapter 3. Although this underestimated the
continued power of owners, it has been argued convincingly by
Alfred Chandler that the managers of American corporations were
distinctively allowed to ‘get on with the job’ during the period of
corporate growth, which largely resulted from their highly
developed ‘organizational capabilities’. Chandler contrasted
American management, with its use of proﬁts to ﬁnance investment
and growth, with the more personal and traditional ownership of
British companies, which were more concerned with dividends to
shareholders than long-term investment.

Capitalism

male workers and has been regarded as a deviant form by its
class-conscious and socialist European counterparts. The
proportion of employees unionized barely topped one-third even at
its peak and this was already declining in the 1950s, though the
unions were still well able to deliver the goods for those who were
their members during the 1950s and 1960s.
As the importance of fringe beneﬁts shows, some of the welfare that
in Europe was the province of the state was in America provided by
the corporation. Indeed, the term ‘welfare capitalism’, commonly
used to describe the combination of a dynamic capitalism with an
advanced welfare state, in America refers to corporate welfare
provision. This is not to say that there was no development of state
welfare in America, but this only provided a piecemeal safety-net
for the poor and welfare was otherwise the responsibility of the
corporation or the individual, and was delivered by private services
operating through the market-place.
It would also be quite wrong to suppose that individualism and free
market ideologies kept the state out of economic life. On the
contrary, the monopolistic tendencies of business corporations
meant that economic life required regulation, if competition were
to be maintained and the interests of consumers protected. An
‘anti-trust’ movement emerged in the late 19th century and the
Sherman Act of 1890 declared illegal any activity or organization
‘in restraint of trade or commerce’. This did not stop the growth
of powerful corporations, but it did have consequences, notably
forcing the break-up of Standard Oil, and it did give rise to a
distinctively American apparatus of anti-trust legislation and
enforcement. The state had been drawn into economic life not
by class conﬂict, as in Europe, but in defence of competition.
In the 1930s state intervention appeared to take a much more
European direction. In response to the Great Depression, Franklin
Roosevelt’s New Deal legislated ambitious relief and welfare
programmes, eventually adopting Keynesian economic policies. It
66

came into considerable conﬂict with big business over its taxation
proposals; its drive to provide, partly through the publicly owned
Tennessee Valley Authority, cheap electricity; its continuation of the
‘anti-trust’ attack on monopolistic tendencies; and its legislation to
protect trade unions.
Unions were given the right to organize and bargain collectively,
and a National Labour Relations Board was set up to enforce these
rights. Union membership tripled between 1933 and 1938, as the
Committee for Industrial Organization (CIO) established a more
inclusive trade unionism and organized America’s mass production
industries. Further legislation to regulate wages and hours of work,
and protect vulnerable groups, was passed in 1938.
The federal structure of the state, and its fragmenting division of
powers between President, Congress, and Supreme Court, gave
67

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

8. ‘Ring-around-a-Roosevelt’: his New Deal offspring dance around
him

Capitalism

opponents many opportunities to block and frustrate New Deal
measures. Furthermore, although the New Deal created an
astonishing range of agencies and programmes, it lacked coherence,
at least in comparison with the more ideological programmes
developed in Europe. It depended on the commitment and energy
of Roosevelt and an army of well-intentioned and highly motivated
reformers and administrators, but there was no reformist political
party to support it and drive it forward. The Democratic Party,
Roosevelt’s political base, did ally itself with the unions and
supported state welfare programmes but it was not a
‘labour party’ and contained people hostile to the unions and
the New Deal.
The pro-labour legislation of the 1930s was, indeed, at least partly
reversed by the Taft-Hartley Act of 1947, which substantially
weakened the unions’ powers and rights. This was passed by
Congress, against the veto of Roosevelt’s successor, Harry Truman,
demonstrating the weakness of a labour movement without a
political arm. The American unions already faced in the 1950s the
kinds of restrictions on their behaviour that the British unions did
not have to confront until the 1980s.
In other respects, the managed capitalism of the New Deal
continued to operate during the 1950s and 1960s. The social
security legislation and welfare programmes introduced in the
1930s were extended in the 1950s and 1960s, especially to give free
medical care to the poor and the old. As late as the 1970s, during
Richard Nixon’s presidency, the federal government experimented
with the control of prices and incomes. Deﬁcit ﬁnancing continued,
though not simply because Keynesian economics had become the
new orthodoxy, for the Second World War and then the Cold War
resulted in massive military expenditure. The proﬁtability of
substantial sections of industry, and therefore the employment and
earnings of labour, depended on state spending. The whole idea of a
state-directed industrial policy was anathema in the United States,
but, as David Coates has argued, the creation of a military68

industrial complex was, in effect, one form of such a policy. Business
opposed government interference but accepted government money.
While American industry was in better competitive shape than
British industry, it too suffered in the later 1960s and 1970s from
inherited rigidities and intensiﬁed international competition,
especially from Japan. Lower levels of trade unionism, state welfare,
and public ownership did mean that there was less pressure to
transform the state than in Britain. The United States was half way
to Thatcherism already. But there was still half way to go, and the
United States too went through a process of transformatory change,
albeit at a slower speed, with frequent halts and occasional reversals
along the way.

As in Britain, these changes were accompanied by the greater
exploitation of labour through an intensiﬁcation of work, declining
real wages, and the weakening of unions. Hours of work lengthened
and real wages dropped at the rate of 1% a year during the 1980s.
Industrial corporations moved their plants south from the ‘rust belt’
69

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

Thus, in the 1980s and 1990s, American society too was
remarketized. Keynesianism was abandoned, government
expenditure was cut, some industries were deregulated, some
services privatized, and state welfare reduced. The 1970s’ inﬂation
discredited Keynesian policies. The Reagan administration of the
early 1980s then sought to stimulate market forces by cutting both
taxes and government expenditure, though vested interests resisted
cuts in the latter and the reduction of the budgetary deﬁcit was a
slow process. The deregulation of the airlines marked the ﬁrst
break with the New Deal tradition of industrial regulation and
was followed by the deregulation of the railways, trucking,
telecommunications, and electricity generation. The publicly owned
part of the railways, and many state-run local services and prisons,
have been privatized. A welfare-to-work programme, which became
a model for New Labour in Britain, limited the duration of welfare
payments and forced recipients into low-paid work.

Capitalism

to the ‘sun belt’ and then Mexico, in search of cheaper labour. Elitist
‘business unions’ concerned with meeting the immediate needs of
their existing members either failed to organize the new labour
force or (in Mexico) could not. By 2001 union density had dropped
to a very low 13% of the labour force. Inequality increased, with the
number living in poverty rising from around 25 million in the 1970s
to around 35 million in 2002.
There were equally important changes in management, as the
‘managerial revolution’ of the early 20th century was reversed. The
greater mobility of capital, popular investment in the stock market,
and the expansion of the ﬁnancial services industry increased the
importance of a company’s market valuation. According to the
newly fashionable doctrine of ‘shareholder value’, the goal of
management was no longer to invest in the future or build up a
company or balance the needs of its various interests but only to
maximize the value of its shares by increasing proﬁts. Managers
were given an incentive to do this through stock options which
rewarded them for increases in their company’s share price.
Managers had been to some extent separated from owners by
the managerial revolution, but now they increasingly became
owners.
From the mid-1980s to the late 1990s, the intensiﬁed exploitation
of labour and the emphasis on shareholder value raised corporate
proﬁts. There was economic growth, but not for long. Much of
the growth was associated with an information and communication
technology boom that had to come to an end some time. In the
later 1990s, when exports weakened, growth was sustained by
a surge in domestic consumer demand that was ﬁnanced
by a borrowing spree that could not go on indeﬁnitely. The
preoccupation of companies and investors with share prices
encouraged a bubble mentality that pushed prices up to levels
unjustiﬁed by earnings and proﬁts, giving people a false sense of
their wealth and then suddenly removing it when the bubble burst.
The short-term concern with share prices at the expense of future
70

prospects led to ﬁnancial scandals at Enron and Worldcom, and in
Wall Street, which undermined conﬁdence and discredited the
pursuit of shareholder value (see Chapter 6).

American capitalism has from its beginnings been characterized
by strong beliefs in individualism and market forces, but
the development of American capitalism, like capitalisms
elsewhere, did result in the collective organization of labour,
corporate concentration, and extensive state regulation.
Managed capitalism in America was importantly different to
managed capitalism in Britain and Sweden – collective
organization was less extensive, state welfare less universal,
anti-trust legislation more developed – but America did,
none the less, go through this stage.
The current state of American capitalism reﬂects its historic
distinctiveness, but it is not just the expression of some special
character that American capitalism possesses. It is also the result of
the remarketizing of American society after the crisis of the 1970s.
This remarketizing process met less resistance and fewer
obstructions than it did elsewhere and produced strong growth,
but also created a bubble that eventually burst, and generated
serious economic and social problems. The recent recovery looks
fragile and American economic success towards the end of the
20th century may well be leading to a crisis early in the 21st.
71

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

Much of the 1990s’ conﬁdence in the virtues of the American model
has been dissipated and there is considerable uncertainty about the
future. Higher state spending, with military and reconstruction
expenditure rising in Iraq, together with tax reductions and lower
interest rates, may stave off recession and even promote some
recovery. Weakening exports, higher state spending, and high
domestic consumption have, however, generated a huge
international, public, and personal indebtedness, which is storing
up problems for the future, as are higher unemployment and rising
poverty.

Japanese capitalism

Capitalism

Japanese industrial capitalism was managed from its very
beginnings. By the middle of the 19th century Japan was a highly
commercialized and entrepreneurial society but not yet an
industrial one. After the Meiji Restoration, Japan’s 19th-century
revolution, industrialization was directed by the state as part of a
programme to build a strong and independent country that could
stand up to the Western empires that were encroaching upon
Japan. The individualism and liberalism of the West were attractive
to some intellectuals and policy-makers but alien to Japan’s new
rulers, who were nationalist bureaucrats schooled in the Japanese
version of Confucianism.
One of the best-known ways in which the new government tried to
industrialize Japan was by setting up model state enterprises but
these were not always successful. Some, such as the Yawata Iron and
Steel Works, were crucial to the industrialization process, but others
were poorly managed and inefﬁcient. Thus, as Frank Tipton has
pointed out, the state-owned cotton spinning factories imported
water-powered machines with only 2,000 spindles instead of
investing in the latest steam-powered machines with 10,000
spindles, which could be operated by relatively unskilled labour.
The state-owned enterprises ran into such difﬁculties that in the
1880s the government privatized those that were not considered of
military importance.
Privatization did not, however, mean that Japanese industry now
consisted of independent private companies. A distinctive feature of
Japan’s industrialization was the emergence of the large industrial
groupings known as zaibatsu. There were four main groups –
Mitsubishi, Mitsui, Sumitomo, and Yasuda. They were owned by
families, which controlled them through holding companies.
Corporate concentration was occurring in all industrial societies
but in Japan it took a unique form, for each zaibatsu stretched
across virtually the whole of Japanese industry and had its own
72

bank and its own trading company to market its products. The
zaibatsu were closely connected with the state and eventually
performed important colonial functions for the government.

Above all, the state maintained Japan’s economic independence.
Many foreign experts had been brought in but were then
rapidly replaced by home-grown expertise created through new
educational institutions. Foreign capital was kept out, until
Japan had become a strong independent state. Indeed, it was the
peasantry that bore the main cost of Japan’s modernization through
a land tax that initially provided three-quarters of the government’s
income. Japan also began to construct an overseas empire that
would provide it with protected markets and raw materials.
Japan was the only non-Western society to industrialize successfully
in the 19th century. A distinctive managed capitalism had been
created, in which the state played a directive role and corporate
concentration took the form of industrial groups that stretched
across the economy. Another distinctive feature was the weakness
of labour organization. Workers did try to organize, with some
success during the First World War, when industry boomed and
labour was in high demand, but met heavy employer opposition and
state repression. State welfare too was undeveloped, in part because
73

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

The model enterprises were anyway the least important aspect of
the state’s promotion of economic growth. The government
removed the feudal barriers and restrictions that would have
inhibited economic development, and created a modern
nation-state. Japan became a uniﬁed country for the ﬁrst time
and the heavy subsidizing of railways and shipping transformed
communications. Shipbuilding too was heavily subsidized and by
1939 Japan’s production was second only to Britain’s. The state also
created a banking system to ﬁnance investment and trade, at ﬁrst
experimenting with American-style private banks but then creating
a European-type central bank and specialized banks to cater for the
needs of the various parts of the economy.

Capitalism

employers preferred to introduce company welfare schemes that
integrated workers and detached them from the labour movement.
These distinctive features were further developed during the
postwar period, when Japan’s growth machine really got going and
made the Japanese economy the second largest in the world.
Chalmers Johnson has pointed out that military defeat actually
increased the state’s capacity to direct the economy, by removing
military interference and zaibatsu obstruction. The zaibatsu were
dismantled but then reconstructed, as the beginning of the Cold
War led the American-dominated Occupation Authority to reverse
its policy. Mitsubishi, like Krupp in Germany, now became an
anti-communist resource rather than a reservoir of fascism.
Crucially, the zaibatsu were rebuilt under the aegis of the Ministry
of Trade and Industry (MITI), the powerhouse of the state’s
industrial policy, which used its control of trade, currency, and
investment to develop the industries of the future.
The reconstructed zaibatsu and other similar groupings performed
important economic functions. As they stretched across industry,
they provided coordination across industrial boundaries, but they
also engaged in intense competition, which stimulated productivity
and enhanced international competitiveness. They could pursue
long-term policies aimed at building market-share, because their
reconstruction on the basis of mutual ownership and their ﬁnance
by the banks relieved them of shareholder pressure for high
dividends. This also meant that they were protected from
take-overs by foreign capital or corporate raiders. This pattern
of ownership was linked to integration within the company, for
Japanese companies could look after their employees instead of
maximizing the payment of dividends to shareholders.
Union organization grew rapidly during the ﬁrst years of the
Occupation, giving the lie to claims that Japanese unions have been
weak for cultural reasons. In January 1946 there were 900,000
union members, but by June 1949 there were over 6.5 million, as
74

compared with the prewar peak membership of 421,000 in 1936.
They were at ﬁrst encouraged as ‘democratic’ organizations by the
Occupation Authority, but this rapid growth, in the context of the
policy shift from an anti-fascist to an anti-communist stance, led to
a sustained and violent attack on them by both employers and the
state. The employer strategy soon became, however, not the
destruction of unions as such but their replacement with tame
‘enterprise unions’. At the ‘battle of Nissan’ in 1953 the company,
backed by the Japanese Employers’ Association and with ﬁnancial
support from the banks, provoked the existing union into a strike,
locked out its members, created its own Nissan union, and gave those
who joined it their jobs back. Enterprise unions became the norm.

Integration for some was at the expense of others. Contract
workers, part-time workers, and women workers, who were largely
conﬁned to these categories, did not enjoy the beneﬁts of lifetime
employment and all that went with it. This also applied to the
small companies subcontracted to carry out much more of the large
company’s work than in Western industrial societies. These were
the shock-absorbers that enabled the large companies to ride out
economic ﬂuctuations by turning their labour on and off as
required. There was a sharp division in Japan between an
integrated elite of permanent employees and a disposable
periphery.
75

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

High company employee integration gave Japanese companies
the edge that enabled them to out-compete their Western rivals.
The company provided the security of lifetime employment, wages
that increased with seniority and length of service, welfare services,
and often housing. In return employees had to work hard and
long, giving up weekends and holidays if required by their company.
Other mechanisms of integration were the absence of status
distinctions within the company, company uniforms, and the social
interaction of workers and managers both at work and leisure.
Earnings differentials have been very much lower in Japanese
companies than comparable Western ones.

Capitalism

A key set of linkages in a highly integrated institutional structure
operated through the Japanese welfare system. There was only a
rudimentary welfare state, which kept workers highly dependent on
company welfare schemes and reinforced their subservience but
also encouraged the Japanese to save privately for a ‘rainy day’.
Individual savings went into a postal savings scheme controlled by
MITI, which could then channel them into industries it had marked
out for investment.
So, in Japan there is an undeniably successful capitalism very
different in character to the others we have examined. While the
welfare state has been an integral part of Swedish capitalism, its
absence is crucial to the Japanese model. The state’s directive role
has been particularly distinctive, and led some commentators to
call for Western governments to develop comparable industrial
policies. Patterns of corporate ownership and bank ﬁnance
contrast with the stock-market model of the United Kingdom
and the United States. Company domination of workers has
been more complete in Japan than even the United States,
where unions have been more combative. Company welfare too has
been more extensive, and Ronald Dore has described Japanese
capitalism as a ‘welfare capitalism’ in yet another application of
this label.
Like the other systems of managed capitalism that we have
examined, the Japanese one ran into difﬁculties in the later 1960s
and the 1970s, and Japan also came under heavy and steady
external pressure to open itself up to trade. This really began after
the early 1970s rapprochement between the United States and
China changed the American view of Japan, which was now
regarded not as a bulwark against East Asian communism but as
an industrial competitor that engaged systematically in unfair
trade practices. Although Japan found ways of replacing tariff with
non-tariff barriers, famously declaring that Raleigh bicycles were
unsafe, restrictions on the import of goods and capital were
gradually lifted. MITI’s instruments of control were dismantled
76

and it had to rely increasingly on ‘administrative guidance’ through
its extensive network of retired bureaucrats with second careers in
industry.

All this changed at the beginning of the 1990s. Share and land
prices had reached unsustainable heights and the bubbles burst.
A stock-market crash was followed by economic stagnation and
higher unemployment. Japan entered a vicious deﬂationary
circle. As unemployment rose and uncertainty about the future
increased, people saved more, consumer demand dropped,
and growth declined even further. The problem was not so
much in export markets, where many Japanese companies
were still very successful, but the domestic market. The
government has responded with increased public expenditure
and lower interest rates but found it difﬁcult to restart the
growth machine.
The institutions that had enabled growth began to attract criticism.
Lifetime employment was viewed as a ‘rigidity’ that interfered with
the free workings of a labour market and prevented companies
shedding labour. Mutual ownership in the industrial groups was
77

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

Japan did not, however, respond to the problems of the 1970s by
abandoning its institutions and plunging down a neo-liberal path.
Growth and international competitiveness were sustained by
exporting the capital accumulated through growth and setting
up operations to exploit cheaper labour abroad, particularly
in South-East Asia, but also in Europe, the United States,
and Australia. MITI launched a new drive to develop the
knowledge-based industries of the future, and Japan soon became
the world’s leading producer of microchips. So strong was the
competitive strength of Japanese industry that the United States
continued through the 1980s to run a huge trade deﬁcit with
Japan, though Japanese investment in American bonds recycled
some of Japan’s earnings back to the United States and ﬁnanced
its deﬁcit.

Capitalism

criticized for supporting unproﬁtable companies and preventing a
refreshing inﬂow of capital from abroad. The banks were
considered too closely linked with industrial groups and therefore
unable to pull the plug on unproﬁtable companies. Indeed, many
banks were themselves in serious trouble because they had loaned
so much money to bankrupt speculators and failing companies.
Faltering economic growth and the exposure of corrupt links
between companies, banks, political parties, and bureaucrats
combined to undermine the ‘developmental state’. Inside and
outside Japan, there were calls for Japan to conform to the market
model that, it was claimed, the pressures of globalization in any case
made unavoidable.
Japan has therefore come under a growing pressure to allow a
greater mobility of capital and deregulate ﬁnancial markets.
Foreign capital has moved into Japan, with some ailing companies
being bought by foreign competitors, as in Renault’s take-over and
rationalization of a failing Nissan. The so-called ‘big bang’
deregulation of banking and ﬁnance announced in 1996 has
allowed Japanese capital greater freedom and facilitated the entry
of foreign ﬁnancial interests. Bankruptcies and rationalization
followed, as weak institutions lost their protection. The term ‘big
bang’ belied, however, what was in reality a slow and partial process
of implementation that was not at all comparable to the ‘big bang’ in
London. There is some acceptance that Japan must adapt but not
that it must conform.
Can Japanese institutions be preserved? In his recent examination
of these issues, Ronald Dore has chronicled a process of gradual
change, with the main Japanese employers’ association rethinking
lifetime employment; legislative changes to strengthen shareholder
power; a movement towards performance-related payment
systems; and some liberalizing deregulation. Dore also comments
frequently, however, on the superﬁciality of change, resistance
and reaction to it, and the inertia of a system with so many
interlocking parts.
78

What is striking about Japan is in fact its stability, both political and
economic. In the early 1990s it looked as though the long-standing
domination of Japanese politics by the Liberal Democratic Party
(LDP) was breaking down and a political alternative was emerging,
but the main opposition party, the Japanese Socialist Party, then
entered a coalition with the LDP, which has subsequently
maintained its dominant position. The astonishing growth rate of
earlier years has not been maintained and Japan has certainly
experienced much economic pain in the 1990s, notably higher
unemployment, but its current unemployment rate is actually
considerably lower than the OECD average. The world’s second
largest economy has been kept aﬂoat and has not tumbled into
depression. If you have experienced massive economic growth and
have a high standard of living, stagnation may not be a bad option!
This stability may be expected to preserve Japanese institutions.
79

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

9. Carlos Ghosn, the Nissan CEO from Renault, announces the closure
of factories, October 1999

The pressure to marketize Japanese society may also be
lessening. Shareholder capitalism, certainly in its American
guise, was riding high in the 1990s but, as indicated earlier,
this is currently under something of a cloud after the accountancy
scandals at Enron and Worldcom, while, after the bursting
of the late 1990s bubble, the American economy appears
fragile. Those seeking to resist the liberalizing of the Japanese
economy now have ammunition to counter the arguments
of those who have been pressing for a liberal transformation
of Japan.

Capitalism

Convergence?
We have examined the emergence of three national systems
of managed capitalism with distinctive organizations and
institutions. In all three, capitalist industrialization generated class
organization and class conﬂict, and attempts by governments to
manage the problems of a capitalist society. Each also created its
own ‘welfare capitalism’, though this meant different things in
each society.
Although each seemed to have solved the problems of capitalism
in its own way, all three faced growing difﬁculties from the 1970s, in
part because of changes in the world economy but in part because of
the problems that their distinctive institutions had created. All
came under pressure to abandon their practices of managed
capitalism and introduce reforms that would allow market forces
greater freedom to operate.
Has this led to the decline of national differences? Instead of
capitalisms is there now just one all-conquering capitalism? There
is plentiful evidence of continued national distinctiveness. Nor does
the fact that all three have moved in a similar direction mean that
they have converged, in the sense that they are any closer to each
other. If three people standing one metre apart each move one
metre to the right they are still as far apart as they were before!
80

81

Is capitalism everywhere the same?

It is important to resist the notion of an inevitable convergence,
not only because it is untrue but also because it deprives us of
choice. In a world where functioning alternatives to capitalism
have been eliminated, it is only the alternatives within capitalism
that provide choice. This does not mean that one can simply pick
whatever capitalism one chooses, for the existing institutions in
any one society constrain free choices, but it does mean that people
can strive to move their particular capitalism in the direction they
think appropriate. The argument that market forces inevitably
and increasingly override politics in a capitalist society cannot be
sustained, for the comparative study of capitalisms shows that quite
different organizational and institutional structures have survived
remarketization and are perfectly compatible with functioning
market mechanisms.

Chapter 5
Has capitalism gone global?

The words ‘global capitalism’ have become commonplace and there
is much to suggest that capitalism is now organized on a global
basis. Huge sums of money are transmitted across the world on a
daily basis. Companies no longer produce in one country for export
to others but run manufacturing operations in many different
countries in distant parts of the world. Markets for goods and
services, for capital and labour too, are in many ways global in
extent. These are the realities of global capitalism that impact
daily on people’s lives, but there are also many myths associated
with this notion. In this chapter we explore both the realities and
the myths.

Global capitalism old and new
A ﬁrst myth is that global capitalism is something new. Almost as
soon as it had come into existence, capitalism spread across the
world. The navigators of the 15th and 16th centuries, who piloted
the routes from Europe to other continents, were quickly followed
by merchant capitalists. The East India companies brought the
products of Asia to the consumers of Europe and exported their
manufactures in return. The Atlantic trade triangle shipped goods
from Europe to Africa, sold slaves from Africa to the Americas and
the Caribbean, and took back to Europe the sugar, rum, and cotton
they produced.
82

Travel was, however, slow, intermittent, and hazardous until the
communications revolution of the 19th century, which was quite as
profound as the one that we have recently been living through. It
was not only that steam-powered trains and ships speeded up
travel, they also enabled the mass transportation of goods and
people across the world, and on a regular and reliable basis
independent of the weather. The invention of the telegraph meant
that messages no longer had to be carried by people or pigeons, and
after the laying of submarine telegraph cables London could
communicate with Australia in 4 days rather than the 70 taken by
surface mail. The later invention of the telephone for the ﬁrst time
‘destroyed distance’ by making possible instant communication
across the world.

This global economy was organized within empires that were
extensions of the nation-states at their core. These empires took the
form not only of colonial territories but also of spheres of inﬂuence
that divided up areas of the world not under direct colonial control.
While Europe ﬁrst created overseas empires, the United States
constructed its own less formal empire in the Paciﬁc and Latin
America, and in the last quarter of the 19th century Japan began to
follow the European model and acquire its ﬁrst overseas territories.
Under the pressure of international competition and the economic
crises of the early 20th century, the world became increasingly
83

Has capitalism gone global?

It was also in the 19th century that an organized global economy
came into existence. Its central principle was an international
division of labour between a small group of manufacturing nations
and the rest of the world, which became a market for their goods
and the source of the food and raw materials they could not provide
for themselves. Capital moved freely between countries but within
the framework provided by the gold standard, which after 1870
increasingly regulated the relationships between national
economies. It did this by ﬁxing the value of currencies in relation
to gold, until this standard disintegrated under the pressures
generated by the 1930s depression.

divided by imperial boundaries, as each country tried to protect its
overseas markets and supplies. After the First World War the
movement towards growing global economic integration actually
went into reverse.
After the Second World War this imperial framework began to
collapse. New centres of ﬁnance and production could now emerge
in areas that were outside the direct control of the old industrial
nations. Trade ﬂowed not within national/imperial borders but
across them. Both capital and labour began to move more freely
across frontiers. Global capitalism may not have been new but it
was certainly transformed and entered a phase of exceptional
dynamism.

Capitalism

Global manufacturing
While the international division of labour prevailed, wage labour
was mainly concentrated in the industrial societies. It certainly
existed in the mines, the plantations, and the commercial
agriculture of the Third World but in localized pockets, often in an
intermediate or intermittent form, combined with other ways of
making a living through peasant agriculture or trading activities. In
this new era, capital’s search for labour has, according to David
Coates, during the last 30 years doubled the size of the ‘world
proletariat’ to some 3 billion people.
The main vehicle of the spread of capitalist production has been the
transnational corporation. There was a particularly fast growth of
these corporations during the last quarter of the 20th century, with
their numbers increasing from 7,000 in 1973 to 26,000 in 1993.
Their investment in operations abroad rose particularly rapidly
after 1985. Although much of this went into other industrial
societies, investment in developing countries mounted sharply in
the 1990s.
One of the best examples of this process is the growth of
84

manufacturing plants, known as maquiladoras, in Mexico. This
began when in 1965 Mexico allowed factories within ten miles of its
border with the United States to import raw materials and parts
duty-free, if the ﬁnished product was re-exported. Their growth
accelerated after the 1993 NAFTA Agreement removed the
remaining barriers to trade. American, European, and eventually
Japanese capital has moved in to exploit the cheap labour available
in Mexico, and thousands of manufacturing and assembly plants,
mainly in the vehicle, electronic, and textiles industries, have been
set up along the border. Managers come in by car daily from their
homes in the United States, while carless workers are bussed in
from shanty towns.
Labour is cheap there not only because of its plentiful supply but
also because it is unorganized and unregulated. Attempts to create
independent trade unions have been crushed by the combined
efforts of employers and government. The NAFTA Agreement
85

Has capitalism gone global?

10. Cheap labour in the Mexico maquiladora plants

Capitalism

contained rights for workers and protection for unions but these
parts of it have not been implemented. American unions with an
obvious interest in reducing the competition from cheap labour in
Mexico have tried to organize Mexican workers and invoke the
labour clauses of NAFTA but without much success. Health, safety,
and environmental regulations are non-existent or very weakly
enforced. The Mexican government has had a clear interest in
turning a blind eye, since the maquiladoras make a major
contribution to the Mexican economy by providing employment,
around a million jobs at the beginning of this century, and making
the second largest contribution, after oil, to foreign exchange
earnings.
Asia has recently provided an even bigger attraction to capital,
especially Japanese capital, which has moved in a series of waves
into the countries of the Far East. Production in Japan became
increasingly expensive as the rapid growth of Japanese industry
after the Second World War led to shortages of land and labour,
and prices rose at home. In the 1970s and 1980s Japanese capital
moved in search of cheaper labour into the ‘tiger economies’ of
Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and South Korea. As production
became more expensive there, a second wave of capital moved
from Japan and the ‘tigers’ into Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand.
More recently a third wave of investment has gone into China
and Vietnam. China seems to be currently the destination for
capital and is threatening to lure away from Mexico the
corporations that had earlier invested there.
The spread of manufacturing into these countries has particularly
drawn young women into wage labour. They reportedly constitute
some 60–70% of the maquiladora labour force in Mexico. The
Nike and Gap factories in South-East Asia have been accused of
employing girls under the age of 16, in spite of laws and guidelines
prohibiting the exploitation of child labour. Capitalism combines
with patriarchy to obtain the cheapest labour, for women are
generally paid less than men, subject to male control, and
86

11. Cheap labour for Nike in Vietnam

Capitalism

disposable, since they can be returned to the household if the
demand for labour drops.
This spread of wage labour has resulted in a global weakening
of the power of labour. In the old industrial societies collective
organization had enabled workers to reduce the power differential
between capital and labour. Competition from cheap and
unregulated labour abroad has undermined this collective
power and unions have found it very difﬁcult to extend labour
organization to include overseas workers. As consumers, workers in
the old industrial societies have certainly beneﬁted, since cheaper
labour abroad and greater international competition have lowered
the prices of the goods that they buy, but real wages in the old
industrial societies have, none the less, been in decline since
the 1980s. Furthermore, as capital has become more mobile,
nation-states have had to compete for it. Anti-union legislation of
the kind enacted in 1980s Britain was justiﬁed in part by the
argument that it made Britain attractive to the Japanese and
Korean capital moving into the European Union during the
1980s and 1990s.

Global telework
It is not only manufacturing that has moved out of the old industrial
societies, for most ofﬁce work, such as typing, telephone-answering,
data-processing, software development and problem-solving,
can now be done at a distance. Advances in information and
communication technology have made it particularly easy to
transfer this kind of work to cheaper locations abroad, where wages
and ofﬁce costs are much lower. As with manufacturing and for the
same reasons, it is commonly young women who are employed in
this work.
Call-centres have been Britain’s fastest growing source of
employment, replacing the jobs lost in manufacturing, but now
these jobs in turn are being moved overseas. Banks, insurance
88

companies, travel agencies, telecom and rail companies, are
transferring call-centre operations from Britain to China, India,
and Malaysia. Similarly, French companies are moving jobs of this
kind to Francophone countries in Africa. American companies have
long since moved call-centre and data-processing work to the
Caribbean.

This is not only a matter of poor countries providing cheaper labour
than rich countries but also of intense competition between the
poor countries themselves. Barbados and Jamaica, where telework
has long been established, have met a growing competition from
other Caribbean islands and Central America. The Caribbean as a
whole faces competition from the even cheaper labour available in
India, the Philippines, Malaysia, and China. The ease with which
telework operations can be set up means that there are few limits to
the spread of its more routine and low-skilled forms.

Global tourism
International tourism is not often mentioned in accounts of the
global spread of capitalism, but its growth is one of the most
89

Has capitalism gone global?

It is a considerable advantage to be in an English-speaking part
of the world, which has given some Caribbean islands and India
a head start, though having English alone is not enough.
Some training is, of course, needed and those working in
telephone-answering services in India are trained in Western
pronunciation and conversation. Effective call-centre operations
also need careful management by ‘relationship managers’, who can
strike a balance between efﬁciency considerations and customer
service. Software development requires higher-level skills but India,
especially the city of Bangalore, has become a major centre of
software production, because of the availability of a highly
educated, English-speaking workforce. Such high-proﬁle
companies as Texas Instruments, Motorola, Hewlett Packard,
and IBM have set up software (and hardware) production there.

Capitalism

striking manifestations of the increasing economic connections
between countries. Between 1950 and 2001 international tourist
arrivals increased from 25 million a year to nearly 700 million.
Tourism has become the main earner of foreign exchange in many
of the world’s poorest countries.
International tourism spreads capitalist practices into parts of the
world that have been little touched historically by the growth of
capitalism. It can penetrate into areas that have little capacity to
produce goods or other services for the world market. Indeed,
remote or undeveloped places, from Macchu Pichu on the eastern
slopes of the Andes to Himalayan kingdoms, can be particularly
attractive to tourists because they are remote or traditional.
Tourism then creates employment in paid labour in bar and hotel
work. It generates a greater demand for food production and
transport, and may well provide the basis for the local
manufacturing of souvenirs and faking of relics. The earnings
from tourism can increase the circulation of money, lead to the
import of manufactured goods, and establish new consumption
patterns.
A process of commodiﬁcation takes place as cultural practices,
wildlife, sights, and views acquire a monetary value that they
never had before. Customs may lose their authenticity when
commercialized and nature may become less natural, though
commercialization can at least enable their survival in a modiﬁed
form. In an increasingly capitalist world, the only way of ensuring
the survival of cultural practices and natural sights is to ﬁnd ways of
making proﬁt out of them. Furthermore, the preservation principle
can itself become the basis of an industry, as in the eco-tourism
promoted by Costa Rica.
Global tourism has also been responsible for another process of
commodiﬁcation through sex tourism, as the bodies of both adults
and children in poor countries have acquired a monetary value. The
scale of sex tourism is huge. It was reported in 1999 that in the
90

United States alone more than 25 companies offered sex tours
to Asian destinations. The Internet World Sex Guide provides
information and reports on the availability, services, and
prices of sex workers in every country in the world, with links
to help people make their travel arrangements. The guide does
not provide information about the availability of sex with
children, but this is one of the main attractions of sex tourism
since it enables adults to engage in this in distant and
unregulated places, with apparently less risk than in their
countries of origin.

Global agriculture
In exploring these examples of global capitalism, we have rather
neglected agriculture. Arguably, global agriculture is nothing new
and has long ﬂourished in the tea plantations of India and Sri
Lanka or the fruit plantations of Central America. The international
division of labour established in the 19th century created new
markets in the industrial societies for the agricultural products of
the rest of the world and Western corporations invested capital in
their large-scale production.
In agriculture too, however, there has been growing international
competition and capitalist production has spread. In the 1990s
there was a crisis in the banana industry, which was producing
more bananas than the market could absorb. American fruit
corporations, notably Dole, began to shift production to Ecuador,
where wages and other labour costs were substantially lower and
there were no labour unions (at the same time existing unions
came under attack in Central America). These corporations also
91

Has capitalism gone global?

Global tourism is clearly not an unmixed blessing, and even if it
does bring some economic rewards to the societies receiving
the tourists, one must bear in mind that much of the proﬁt is
expatriated by the foreign-owned corporations – airlines, hotel
chains, and travel companies – that dominate this trade.

12. Large-scale banana production by Dole in Ecuador

used the World Trade Organization (WTO) to pressurize the
European Union to end its preferential treatment of the banana
growers in the ex-colonial territories of Africa and the Caribbean,
where bananas were grown largely by small farmers with
higher costs, who in a free market could not hope to compete
successfully with the corporations. Eventually a compromise was
reached that gave some protection to the small producers, while
attempts have also been made to unionize the workers in Ecuador,
but the fate of both the union and the small producers remains
uncertain.

Allied to this process is a commodiﬁcation of nature, as plants,
seeds, genes, and water, which were previously natural resources,
often available freely to all, become commodities that have a
monetary value. Knowledge itself has become commodiﬁed. The
WTO’s Trade Related Intellectual Property Rights Agreement
93

Has capitalism gone global?

Small producers have also found themselves driven in other ways
towards capitalist agriculture. Vandana Shiva has argued that
agriculture is becoming increasingly dominated by highly
concentrated ‘life science corporations’, which cut across
agribusiness, biotechnology, and the chemical and pharmaceutical
industries. These corporations sell genetically engineered seed,
which can produce large crops and, it is claimed, cure deﬁciency
diseases, through, for example, adding vitamin A to rice. This kind
of agriculture can be very productive of cash crops but it requires
the extensive use of the pesticides and herbicides also sold by
these corporations, and large amounts of water. The
environmental consequences are disastrous, as scarce water
resources are used up, chemical pollution increases, and
biodiversity is lost. Farmers not only become dependent on the
corporations but also go into debt, since considerable investment
is required, and can then end up losing their land if poor harvests
or other disasters destroy their capacity to service their debts.
Small-scale agriculture loses its viability and large capitalintensive units take over.

requires countries to allow the patenting of information about plant
strains and genetic material. Vandana Shiva argues that this means:
The knowledge of the poor is being converted into the property of
global corporations, creating a situation where the poor will have to
pay for the seeds and medicines they have evolved and have used to
meet their own needs for nutrition and health care.

Capitalism

Global money
The spread of the capitalist practices that we have been examining
inevitably generated an increasing circulation of money, but the
truly astonishing rise in its international circulation during the last
quarter of the 20th century was mainly the result of speculative
money movements. By the end of the century trading in foreign
currencies amounted to US $1.5 trillion a day, a sum equivalent
to more than the annual Gross National Product of the UK.
International investment, most of which was speculative, increased
by a factor of nearly 200 between 1970 and 1997, according to
Manuel Castells.
As Castells has emphasized, technological advances made
possible this vast expansion of international currency dealing
and investment. This was partly a matter of communications, for
geo-stationary satellites, the digital transmission of data, and
computer networks increased not only the speed of transactions
but also the sheer amount of business that could be handled. It was
also a matter of ﬁnancial technology and innovation; many new
ways of investing in the markets and channelling the capital of both
companies and individuals into them were created by a ﬂourishing
ﬁnancial services industry. It was new ﬁnancial instruments and
products as well as new communications equipment that generated
the ﬂow of money across borders.
The now infamous ‘derivatives’, of the kind traded so disastrously by
Nick Leeson (see Chapter 1), were in the 1980s and 1990s the most
94

sophisticated new ﬁnancial instruments. Money was also more
straightforwardly channelled through investment funds into the
‘emerging markets’ that began to attract investment in the 1980s.
There were opportunities here for investors to buy cheaply into
newly industrializing countries and then realize gains when prices
rose. The ﬁnancial industries of the afﬂuent societies rapidly
created a whole range of such funds to tap into the savings of
ordinary people. The Asian economic crisis of the later 1990s (see
Chapter 6) then rapidly destroyed much of the value accumulated
in these funds.

It is of some interest to consider brieﬂy why currencies ﬂoated in
this way. Previously, under the system set up at the Bretton Woods
conference of 1944, currency values had been ﬁxed in relation to
the dollar, which in turn had its value ﬁxed in relation to gold.
The stability this provided enabled the expansion of international
trade and a period of steady economic growth. In the early 1970s,
however, it proved increasingly difﬁcult to maintain the ﬁxed
value of the dollar and the United States government was forced
to devalue it. There were particular reasons for the devaluation
of the dollar at this time, notably the consequences of American
government spending on the Vietnam War, but the Bretton Woods
system had anyway come under a growing strain.
95

Has capitalism gone global?

It was not just technology and ﬁnancial innovation that
accounted for these ﬂows of money across borders. The ﬂoating
of currencies in the 1970s created new uncertainties and new
opportunities, which stimulated currency trading and futures
markets. ‘Floating’ meant that currency values were determined
not by ofﬁcial rates but by the market, rising and falling
according to the supply of a currency and the demand for it.
There was greater uncertainty for companies that needed foreign
currencies for their operations and they therefore needed to
protect themselves by trading in futures. Above all, however,
currency trading increased because of the greater opportunities
that ﬂoating rates provided for speculation.

Capitalism

This was because ﬁxed ofﬁcial exchange rates could only be
maintained if governments either pursued unpopular policies or
controlled the movement of money across their borders. If a
growing trade deﬁcit put pressure on the existing rate, and
speculators began to bet on a devaluation, governments could take
harsh economic measures to maintain the value of their currency.
They could, for example, reduce consumption in order to curb
imports. This was, however, politically very difﬁcult in democratic
societies. Alternatively, they could stop speculators moving money
around, and this they tried to do through exchange controls. But it
became harder to control money movements, as trade increased, as
holdings of some countries’ currencies, above all the US dollar,
accumulated abroad, and as larger amounts of money began to
move between countries.
The deregulatory spirit of the remarketized capitalism of the
1980s, which we examined in Chapter 3, also played its part in
all this. Exchange rates ﬁxed by the state and controls on the
international movement of money did not accord with the renewed
belief in free markets and competition. Greater competition
between ﬁnancial centres provided much of the momentum
behind the deregulation of ﬁnancial markets and ﬁnancial
innovation. Financial industries linked with stock markets were
growing in economic importance and the health of these industries
depended on their capacity to draw the international ﬂow of
money through their markets. Competition between the
established ﬁnancial centres of the world lay behind the City of
London’s ‘big bang’ deregulation in October 1987, as London tried
to catch up with New York. But competition was also coming from
new ﬁnancial centres, and by the 1990s there were some 35 stock
markets in developing countries. Some have become highly
sophisticated ﬁnancial centres, and it was through dealing on the
Simex ﬁnancial futures exchange in Singapore that Nick Leeson
made and lost his reputation.

96

How global is global?
Capitalist institutions and practices have been spreading across the
world, but at this point we must halt a moment and consider quite
how global ‘global capitalism’ really is.

The same argument applies to global tourism. Much of the
international circulation of tourists is between the already
developed countries of Europe, North America, and Japan. In 2001
the world’s top four earners from international tourism were the
United States, Spain, France, and Italy, though signiﬁcantly China
came ﬁfth.
Capitalist production has spread, and much more investment went
into poor countries in the 1990s than the 1980s, but it was still
heavily concentrated in a small number of countries, notably China,
Brazil, and Mexico, with very little ﬁnding its way into Africa.
According to OECD ﬁgures, roughly one-third of the foreign direct
investment received by developing countries in the 1990s went to
China. In the year 2000, the whole of Africa (excluding South
Africa) received less than 1% of total world foreign direct
investment, a sum equivalent to the amount received by one
European country with a population of only 5 million – Finland.
97

Has capitalism gone global?

The circulation of money across the world has increased but is this
‘ﬁnancial globalization’? Even though new ﬁnancial centres have
emerged in developing countries and investment in ‘emerging
markets’ became, for a time at least, fashionable, most of the money
still ﬂows between North America, Europe, and Japan. Castells has
pointed out that in 1998 the emerging markets accounted for only
7% of the world’s capital, even though their countries contained
around 85% of the world’s population. Furthermore, the money
ﬂowing into emerging markets at least temporarily diminished after
the 1997–8 ﬁnancial crises in Asia and Russia alarmed foreign
investors. During the years 1998–2001 only $19 billion ﬂowed into
the emerging markets, as compared with $655 billion during 1994–7.

Capitalism

While it is often claimed that global capitalism is integrating the
world, international differences are actually increasing. Some
previously poor countries, such as the Asian tiger economies, have
hauled themselves up by their bootstraps and partially closed the
gap between themselves and the rich countries. They are, however,
the exceptions and, as the United Nations Human Development
Reports have clearly shown, the gap between the richest and
poorest countries has hugely increased. In 1820 the ﬁve richest
countries in the world were three times as rich as the ﬁve poorest.
By 1950, they were 35 times as rich; by 1970, 44 times; and by 1992,
72 times. The world has become steadily more divided by
international differences in wealth.
One of the problems with the term ‘globalization’ is the implication
that a new level of global organization has emerged that transcends
national units, as with the term ‘global corporation’. There are
certainly many transnational corporations, in the sense that
corporations operate in different countries and across national
boundaries, but most operate in only a few countries and are hardly
global in character. They are often seen as ﬂouting the nation-state,
transferring employment abroad, and often avoiding the payment
of taxes in their home country, but all are based in a nation-state
somewhere and most actually have the bulk of their assets and
provide most of their employment in this state. They exploit the
facilities of their home nation-state, its infrastructure and
institutions, and use its power to promote and assist their
operations abroad. They may provide employment in poor
countries, but they also exploit their cheap labour, drive out local
competitors, and channel proﬁts back to their home state. As Peter
Dicken has argued, transnational corporations are also national
corporations, and most cannot really be described as global at all.
The notion of ‘global capitalism’ must then be used with caution.
The ﬂow of money and investment is so unevenly spread across the
globe that it is more than a little misleading to describe it as ‘global’,
while commonly used global terms, such as ‘global capitalism’,
98

‘global economy’, and ‘global society’ gloss over widening
international differences and the continuing importance of national
units and national governments.

Global capitalist dominance
In one respect there can, however, be little doubt that capitalism has
gone global and that is in the elimination of alternative systems.

It collapsed largely because it could not compete with the more
dynamic capitalist economies of the West. Expectations had been
rising in Russia and Eastern Europe, for in a world of growing
communication, people could not be insulated from the
individualist consumer culture of the West. Economies operating
under the constraints of state socialism could not meet these
expectations, or at least not while so much of their resources were
devoted to military production. It was arguably the burden imposed
by the Cold War that was insupportable, and Reagan’s ‘Star Wars’
programme may well have been the ﬁnal blow, since it sharply
escalated the military-industrial competition between the
superpowers.
99

Has capitalism gone global?

The year 1989 saw the main global alternative, state socialism,
begin to collapse. Gorbachev initiated a regime of ‘restructuring and
openness’ in the Soviet Union, which also began to loosen its grip on
its East European satellites. The Soviet economy had operated on
the basis of central planning and the bureaucratic direction of the
economy, with markets operating only at the margins. It has been
castigated and ridiculed for its inefﬁciency, its low productivity,
its poor overall economic performance, and pollution of the
environment, which all apparently made it living proof of the
superiority of capitalism. Its record of industrialization and
substantial economic growth, its maintenance of full employment
and low inﬂation, and its capable provision of education and health
care have now been largely forgotten, though no doubt many
Russians still remember the stability and security it once provided.

Capitalism

Gorbachev had tried to introduce a programme of gradual reform,
but no gradual transition from a command to a market economy
occurred. Once state direction ceased, economic paralysis followed,
and under Yeltsin’s leadership an attempt was made to jolt Russia
into capitalism. The ‘shock therapy’ administered to the economy in
1991 freed prices from state control and by the end of 1994 had
privatized three-quarters of Russia’s medium and large enterprises.
The consequences were catastrophic for most ordinary people.
According to John Gray’s account, between 1991 and 1996
consumer prices increased by a factor of 1,700 and some 45 million
people fell into poverty. The policy of shock therapy was halted
and, under the leadership of Putin, Russia may well now be moving
back towards a more state-controlled form of capitalism. This
would not, however, be a return to state socialism, for its structures
have been discredited and dismantled, while some inﬂuential
groups now have vested interests in capitalism, and Russia has
become integrated into the world capitalist economy.
While the collapse of state socialism removed the main alternative
model, developing societies were forced by ﬁnancial pressures and
international institutions to conform to the dominant American
model of capitalism. A key role in this was played by Americandominated international ﬁnancial institutions – the World Bank
and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Both were created
during the Second World War by the same Bretton Woods
conference that set up the postwar system of ﬁxed exchange rates.
The World Bank was to assist countries with postwar
reconstruction and development, while the IMF was charged with
maintaining international economic stability. Although their
functions were different, in the 1980s these institutions began to
jointly promote the free-market ideologies and policies that
increasingly held sway in the United States and other leading
industrial societies. Like other international institutions, they were
dominated by their most powerful members.
They advocated three key and inter-related policies. The ﬁrst of
100

Joseph Stiglitz, a senior ﬁgure at the World Bank between 1997 and
2000, has written a scathing critique of these policies, particularly
as implemented by the IMF. He was not opposed to the policies
themselves, which could bring beneﬁts in some circumstances, but
to their indiscriminate and over-hasty imposition. In inappropriate
situations austerity could destroy valuable projects dependent on
government expenditure and create mass unemployment, while
privatization could lead to the plundering of public assets and
higher prices for consumers. As for liberalization, particularly of
ﬁnancial markets, this could simply open the door to an invasion
by foreign capital. Indeed, Stiglitz suggests that the IMF’s policies
in this regard were often driven by its links with Wall Street
ﬁnancial interests.
The policies were implemented as though there were no
alternatives. Stiglitz draws a contrast between the experience of
Russia and the experience of China. IMF advice led Russia into
‘shock therapy’ and the creation of mass poverty, while China’s
opposite strategy of gradualist transition ‘entailed the largest
101

Has capitalism gone global?

these was ﬁscal austerity to reduce wasteful government spending
and eliminate loose monetary policies leading to inﬂation. The
second was privatization to get rid of inefﬁcient public enterprises,
introduce market discipline, and also reduce government spending.
The third was liberalization, the removal of barriers to trade, with
the assistance of the WTO, founded in 1995, and the ending of
government interference with the operation of markets. These
policies were implemented through ‘conditionality’, that is loans
were conditional on the pursuit of such policies. The high
dependence of developing societies on loans meant that they
were in a very weak position to resist such policies, however
inappropriate they might be. Indeed, these policies were
implemented in developing countries more rigorously than they
were in the developed societies themselves. The United States,
Europe, and Japan have all heavily protected and subsidized
their agriculture.

Capitalism

reduction in poverty in history in such a short time span’. The secret
of China’s success was that instead of destroying old institutions in
the expectation that new ones would then naturally emerge, China
allowed new capitalist enterprises to develop within the existing
social order. It did not make the mistake of mass privatization but
rather created the conditions within which a private sector could
emerge and ﬂourish, following, as it happens, the advice given by
Stiglitz!
This was not, of course, just a matter of choosing the right policies
and policy advisers, for China’s more effective elite, with a stronger
economy and state, were in a much better position than the
paralysed rulers of a disintegrating Soviet Union to go their own
way towards capitalism and control the transition. Shocks and
conﬂicts may, anyway, lie ahead for the Chinese model, which
appears to be making a successful economic transition from
communism to capitalism, but is also creating a dislocated
proletariat with few channels for the expression of discontent in
the absence of a political transition.
The state socialist alternative has collapsed and, as the only viable
economic system, capitalism has become globally dominant. There
can be no doubt that capitalism has delivered goods and services in
much greater quantities and with far greater choice than state
socialism ever did. This does not, however, mean that there is only
one route to economic success, for there are different routes to
capitalism and, as we saw in the last chapter, different ways of
organizing it. We should not confuse the elimination of alternatives
to capitalism with the elimination of alternatives within it.

The myths of global capitalism
‘Global capitalism’ is a short-hand phrase that conveys the idea that
in recent years the institutions and practices of capitalism have
spread into new areas of the world and connected distant parts
closely together in new ways. There can be no doubt that this has
102

happened and that there has consequently been a profound
transformation of the world in which we live. Capitalism is the
globally dominant system and will continue to be so in the
foreseeable future.

103

Has capitalism gone global?

In the course of this chapter, we have, however, found that the
notion of global capitalism has also generated powerful and
misleading myths. Myth one is that global capitalism is recent,
for it has deep historical roots. Myth two is that capital circulates
globally, when in reality most of it moves between a small group
of rich countries. Myth three is that capitalism is now organized
globally rather than nationally, for international differences are as
important as ever and nation-states continue to play a key role in
the activities of transnational corporations. Myth four is that global
capitalism integrates the world, since the more global capitalism
has become, the more divided the world has become by
international inequalities of wealth.

Chapter 6
Crisis? What crisis?

Those living in the midst of an economic crisis may well feel that
their world is collapsing. They may indeed think that the whole
capitalist system is coming to an end. Crises of capitalism are not,
however, exceptional events but rather a normal part of the
functioning of a capitalist society. In the 19th century they became a
regular feature of economic life, though crisis mechanisms that are
familiar in today’s world actually appeared centuries earlier. This
chapter begins with the ‘tulipomania’ of 17th-century Holland,
which shows the same basic mechanisms in operation as the recent
dotcom and information technology bubbles.

The tulip bubble in 17th-century Amsterdam
After their 16th-century arrival from Turkey, tulips, especially the
more exotic and rarer specimens, had become highly prized in
17th-century Holland. Tulip growing spread in the rich alluvial
soil of Holland but scarce supply and high demand resulted in
rapidly rising prices. Its high proﬁtability attracted many into this
trade, where little investment was required and money could
easily be made.
The high demand for bulbs led to rapid changes in the bulb trade.
At ﬁrst bulbs were sold in large quantities, sometimes in complete
beds, but as demand grew these were broken down into smaller
104

units until individual bulbs, particularly those of the most valuable
varieties, were traded. Then a market developed in the outgrowths
from the bulb, the clones from which future bulbs could be grown.
Finally, in the 1630s, the tulip trade generated the market in tulip
futures that led to the ‘tulipomania’ of 1636–7.
How did this happen? Initially, the trading season was short and
lasted only a few months after the ﬂowering and lifting of the bulbs.
To meet expanding demand traders began buying and selling tulips
that were still in the ground. They were now in effect buying and
selling bulb futures. Promissory notes speciﬁed the details of the
tulip bought and when it would be lifted, while a sign in the ground
identiﬁed the owner. It was then but a small step to trade in the
notes rather than the bulbs, for rapidly rising bulb prices gave the
notes themselves an increasing value.

Trading in futures was the central mechanism in the inﬂation of this
bubble and at this time was already an established practice of
merchant capitalism but it was, interestingly, not the merchants
who were the main players. Some did become involved but the
really big merchants, who were busy making relatively risk-free
105

Crisis? What crisis?

The tulip futures trade became a wildly speculative bubble, where
prices were pushed up not by the demand for bulbs but the demand
for the ‘paper’ futures. Since only a deposit had to be made on the
future purchase, a small amount of money went a long way, so long
as the contract note could be unloaded on someone else at a proﬁt
before full payment became due. As contract dates approached,
dealing became increasingly frenzied and the notes circulated
faster. Prices eventually rose to the point at which no-one was
prepared to buy and then suddenly collapsed. There was no real
demand for many of the quite ordinary tulips that had been
drawn into the speculative dealing at the height of the boom. Since
no-one actually wanted these bulbs, the right to buy them in the
future was ultimately worthless and there was, therefore, no ﬂoor to
the crashing market.

Capitalism

money from their monopolies, seem to have held aloof. The bubble
was inﬂated as ordinary people, such as weavers, bricklayers,
carpenters, and cobblers, became involved. They raised capital by
using up their savings, borrowing, mortgaging their property, or
making payments in kind. Simon Schama gives the example of the
purchase of just one rare bulb with ‘two last of wheat and four of
rye, four fat oxen, eight pigs, a dozen sheep, two oxheads of wine,
four tons of butter, a thousand pounds of cheese, a bed, some
clothing and a silver beaker’.
The trading of bulbs and notes was not carried out in the
Amsterdam stock exchange, though there was plenty of other
speculative activity going on there, but in the taverns where
‘colleges’ of traders met and drank. These colleges developed their
own secret procedures, trading rituals, and festivities, a poor man’s
version of those at the stock exchange. Speculative capitalism was
then, as it is now, not just the province of sophisticated ﬁnanciers
but also a popular activity.

Crises of the 19th century
Serious as its consequences were for those involved, the bursting of
the tulip bubble did not impact signiﬁcantly on the economy as a
whole. There was not at this time a sufﬁciently high integration of
economic activities to spread a crisis in one area to the whole
economy. It was the growth of capitalist production that produced
the necessary linkages to make crises economy-wide. Furthermore,
capitalist production actually generated new crisis mechanisms,
which Karl Marx analysed.
Marx argued that capitalism was prone to crises because production
was separated from consumption. In pre-capitalist societies
they were closely related, since most production was for more or
less immediate consumption. Under capitalism, goods were
increasingly produced for sale in markets and this relationship
became more distant. Goods were produced in the expectation that
106

they could be sold, but the market might be unable to absorb them.
Marx described capitalism as anarchic because production was no
longer directly regulated by the needs of those consuming its
products.

Although unemployment caused great suffering and some
capitalists went out of business, these crises did not destroy
capitalism. Indeed, Marx argued that it was crises that made it
possible for capitalism to continue, since they eliminated the strains
of overproduction, forced out the least efﬁcient producers, and
enabled the renewed operation of virtuous circles, once closures and
bankruptcies had reduced production to a level closer to demand.
Similarly, lower wages increased proﬁtability and cheaper prices
stimulated demand. Lower interest rates made it cheaper to borrow
money for investment. Production could start to expand again,
employment would rise, and there would be more people with
money in their pockets to buy goods.
107

Crisis? What crisis?

A tendency to overproduce was in fact built into capitalist
production. Competition between producers generated a pressure
to expand production, since higher volume reduced costs,
cheapened prices, and enlarged market share. When the amount of
goods produced exceeded the demand for them, there would be an
overproduction crisis and prices would fall, eventually below the
level at which proﬁts could be made. This not only damaged the
industry concerned but had knock-on effects that spread the crisis.
Investment would decline and hit those industries producing
machinery. Workers would be laid off or wages lowered,
which would further reduce consumer demand. In these
ways, overproduction generated vicious circles, leading to
closures and bankruptcies, and high levels of unemployment.
Mass unemployment then resulted in a social crisis, for in
a capitalist economy people were in a quite new way
dependent on wage labour for their survival. Such crises
occurred roughly every ten years during the ﬁrst half of
the 19th century.

Capitalism

Capitalism would therefore expand its way out of crisis but, he
argued in the Communist Manifesto, this expansion would only
lead to ‘more extensive and more destructive crises’. This did not
mean, as some of his followers have thought, that Marx believed
that capitalism would end in some huge economic collapse. It
would come to an end only when overthrown by the workers it
exploited. Certain tendencies in its development would facilitate
this eventual overthrow. The advance of technology and the
concentration of ownership would increase the size of units of
production and workers would be concentrated in larger masses
that would be easier to organize. Crises would certainly play a part
in all this by radicalizing workers through their experience of them.
They would also be radicalized by the widening gulf between the
wealth of the increasingly small group of capitalists who enjoyed
the proﬁts of capital and the poverty of the frequently
unemployed masses.
Ownership did become more concentrated, units of production
increased in size, and workers became more organized, but Marx’s
expectation that the working class would become increasingly
radical and ultimately revolutionary has not been borne out.
Workers were coerced into an acceptance of capitalism by their
economic dependence on employment and the repression of
revolutionary movements that sought to overthrow the capitalist
system. They have also been incorporated through their
organizations into the political structures of capitalist societies, and
seduced by the ﬂood of goods and services that capitalist production
has provided. There was, anyway, no crisis of a sufﬁcient scale to
threaten the capitalist economic system until the 1930s.

The Great Depression in the 1930s
A period of reasonably steady, if not crisis-free, growth lasted from
the middle of the 19th century until the First World War and this
apparently resumed in the 1920s. The ending of the First World
War had, however, left the world economy in a fragile state. The City
108

of London’s stabilizing ﬁnancial dominance had now passed into
history and international economic relationships were disorganized
and unstable during the 1920s. Furthermore, the war and its
aftermath had left many countries, above all Germany, heavily in
debt and with weakened economies that made it difﬁcult to service
and repay debts. This was the background to the Great Depression
of the 1930s, a depression so deep and extensive that Eric
Hobsbawm considers it ‘amounted to something very close to the
collapse of the capitalist world economy’.

Cumulative mechanisms depressed the economy. Production
declined throughout the industrial world and this resulted in
sharply rising unemployment, which reduced demand and led to
the further contraction of production. In the United States,
industrial production fell by one-third during the years 1929–31
and over a quarter of the labour force was unemployed at the
bottom of the slump. Unemployed workers could no longer pay the
interest on their house loans and this threatened the solvency of
local banks. They could no longer afford to buy consumer goods,
especially cars, and American car production halved, throwing
more people out of work. Low state beneﬁts at this time not only
made unemployment a far worse experience than it is in today’s
industrial societies, they also meant that mass unemployment could
eliminate the purchasing power of a large part of the population.
This was not just a crisis of the industrial world, for there was also a
severe depression in agriculture. As consumer demand declined
and stocks accumulated, the prices of agricultural products fell, tea
109

Crisis? What crisis?

There had been many signs in the 1920s that all was not
well with the world economy, but it was the 1929 collapse of
the Wall Street stock market in New York that signalled the
plunge into depression. New York prices crashed in October 1929
but then continued downwards until they hit bottom in
June 1932, having lost over 80% of their value since their
September 1929 peak.

Capitalism

13. Traders watch the ticker tape as Wall Street crashes in 1929

and wheat prices dropping by two-thirds and the price of silk by
three-quarters. Farmers reacted by increasing production in a vain
attempt to maintain their incomes but this led to prices falling even
further. The dominant images of the 1930s are of the unemployed
in Europe and America lining up at soup kitchens or setting off on
hunger marches. Countries such as Argentina, Brazil, and Cuba, or
Australia and New Zealand, with economies dependent on their
110

export of food and raw materials to the industrial societies, were
equally devastated.
The 1930s demonstrated the capitalist world economy’s
vulnerability to crisis. The problem was not so much the occurrence
of crisis, for, as we have seen, crises are part of the normal machinery
of capitalism, but the ensuing crash of capitalist economies across
the world, as cumulative mechanisms spread and deepened the
crisis. Three main sources of this vulnerability can be identiﬁed.
There was ﬁrst the huge growth in productive capacity that had
taken place over the previous century. This meant that equally huge
levels of demand were necessary if production was to be absorbed
and applied not only to the production of manufactured goods but
also to the production of food and other primary products.
Insufﬁcient demand for products has been interpreted not only as
overproduction but also as underconsumption by poorly paid
111

Crisis? What crisis?

14. Labour is auctioned to the highest bidder during the 1930s
Depression in the United States

Capitalism

workers. Either way, the increasing scale of production and the
growing numbers of people employed in it meant that a failure of
consumption to keep pace with production could precipitate a rapid
downward spiral of the economy, as workers, who were also
consumers, lost their jobs.
The second was the international division of labour that integrated
the world economy. The industrial societies produced the
manufactured goods and the rest of the world concentrated on
producing food and raw materials. If demand fell in the industrial
societies, the primary producers exporting, say, beef, coffee, or
sugar, to them found that their sales, prices, and incomes dropped.
When their incomes dropped, the overseas markets for industrial
goods declined. Some historians consider the depression began in
the primary producer countries and was then transmitted to the
industrial societies, while others have argued the opposite, but,
either way, a crisis in one group of countries was inevitably
transmitted to the other and then reverberated between them.
Global economic integration was another mechanism that
ampliﬁed the depression.
The third was the tension between international trade and national
protection. As the ﬁrst industrial nation, Britain had promoted
free-trade policies, which maximized the markets for its products.
When other countries industrialized, they were inevitably more
protectionist, since their infant industries needed protection in
order to establish themselves. A growing international competition
then generated ever more calls for national protection. British
economic dominance and global economic growth had none the less
maintained free trade until the First World War, but after this war,
and partly because of it, the international economy was no longer
dominated by Britain and no longer characterized by stable
economic growth.
When domestic production faced a crisis, it was hard to resist the
temptation to protect the national economy against foreign
112

competition and as soon as action of this kind was taken by one
country, others followed. In particular, the introduction of extensive
tariff protection of its economy by the United States in 1930
triggered a retaliation by other countries. Furthermore, the
19th-century division of the world between competing empires
provided the industrial societies both with an illusion of
self-sufﬁciency and ready-made structures within which they
could shelter. The result was a cumulative decline of world trade
that made the depression worse.

From postwar boom to new crisis
During the quarter-century after the end of the Second World War
it really did seem as though the crisis tendencies of capitalism
had at last been mastered. Fears of a postwar return to high
unemployment proved groundless. Governments thought they now
knew how to use Keynesian policies to prevent crises getting out of
control, though the steady economic growth of this period probably
had little to do with their economic skills, for governments
frequently mistimed their interventions and were as likely to
reinforce as counteract the economic cycle. There were other
underlying factors that fuelled the boom.
The heavy spending of the war period had not in fact stopped, for
113

Crisis? What crisis?

Out of the depression emerged a new set of policies designed to
prevent it ever happening again. Governments were accustomed to
respond to depression by cutting their expenditure or raising taxes,
in order to balance their books when declining economic activity
reduced their tax revenue. John Maynard Keynes argued that
governments could counteract tendencies towards depression by
injecting demand into the economy, by borrowing and spending
or by lowering taxes. These ‘Keynesian’ policies began to make an
impact in some countries in the later 1930s, though it was above all
the huge state expenditure generated by the Second World War that
hauled the global economy out of the depression.

Capitalism

the United States was now engaged in a new war, the Cold War with
the Soviet Union. This led not only to military expenditure overseas
but also to the deliberate revival of the Japanese and European
economies, since these areas were in the front line of the Cold War.
It also led to the space race, as the United States reacted to Soviet
success in putting Gagarin into space by pouring money into its own
space programme. This was an expansive dynamism that was very
different from the isolationist protectionism of the interwar period.
The largest economy in the world was spreading economic growth
across it.
Technological advance greatly increased production but an
overproduction crisis was avoided because consumer demand too
was steadily increasing. Higher productivity meant that the prices
of goods came down, so that they fell increasingly within the reach
of the workers who made them. Car ownership, for example, was
spreading down the social scale. Greater productivity also allowed
workers’ wages to rise, while full employment maximized worker
bargaining power.
Much of this growth was, however, at others’ expense. The afﬂuence
of the industrial societies depended on the low prices of the primary
products from the rest of the world. The low price of oil was
particularly crucial, because it was not only a fuel but also the
basis of a wide range of synthetic materials. These were substituted
for the ‘natural’ products of the Third World and further drove
down the prices they could command. Thus, new synthetic textiles
diminished the demand for cotton. The relationship between the
prices of manufactured goods and primary products changed to
the disadvantage of the primary producers, who found that by 1970
manufactured goods were costing them one-third more than they
had done in 1951.
In the 1970s all this changed, for the virtuous circles that had
enabled the growth of the two previous decades turned vicious as
the international economy hit the buffers. The clearest example of
114

this was a rise in the prices of many primary products, notably oil,
which steadily increased industrial costs and shop prices, both
hitting proﬁts and diminishing real wages and, therefore, reducing
spending power. Proﬁts were squeezed by wage increases, partly
because of the continued growth of union organization and rivalries
between unions, partly because workers reacted to price and tax
increases by demanding wage increases that would maintain their
standard of living. Another problem was that American military
expenditure and imports had ﬂooded the world with dollars that
could no longer be absorbed by the existing international ﬁnancial
system based on ﬁxed exchange rates.

Increasing international competition intensiﬁed the crisis. The
recovery of Germany and Japan from the destruction wrought
on their economies by defeat in the Second World War brought
modern and highly efﬁcient industries into production. This further
increased the pressure on world resources and also generated a new
overproduction crisis. Higher wages and raw material prices due to
greater demand, followed by an overproduction that reduced the
prices that companies could charge for their goods, made it much
more difﬁcult to make proﬁts.
The impact of Japan on the proﬁtability of the industries of the old
industrial societies was particularly devastating, because in Japan
government and industry cooperated very effectively in pursuing
long-term policies designed to create new industries and capture
markets, while Japanese productivity was much higher. It was the
old industrial societies that faced particular problems in dealing
115

Crisis? What crisis?

The result was a crisis quite different in character to that of the
1930s. In the 1930s demand had collapsed but now there was too
much demand, which forced prices and wages up. Furthermore,
the ﬂoating of currencies after the collapse of ﬁxed exchange rates
relaxed monetary controls on inﬂation, for governments were now
under less pressure to guard the value of their currency in order to
maintain these rates.

with this crisis. Their development of managed capitalism had, as
we saw in Chapter 3, restricted or replaced the market mechanisms
that would have promoted a rapid rationalizing response. An
effective response had to wait upon the remarketizing of their
economies by the governments of the 1980s.

Capitalism

Instability
After the 1970s a new world of slower growth, greater instability,
and frequent crises emerged. Growth rates in the last quarter of the
20th century were half those of the previous quarter. They also
diverged sharply, with some countries, notably Australia, Ireland,
and the Netherlands, growing much faster during the 1990s than
the 1980s, while in a much larger group of countries, such as
Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, and Switzerland, growth rates fell
back. Many countries were on the edge of crisis much of the time,
but even strong national economies ran into trouble when growth
bubbles burst. Crises could also spread easily from one country to
another, as in the crisis of 1997–8, which began in the apparently
strong economies of East Asia but then spread to Russia and
later Brazil.
This was a world of intensiﬁed international competition. As we
saw above, the growth of international competition was one of
the processes that led to lower proﬁtability in the old industrial
societies during the 1970s. Lower proﬁtability then resulted in
companies seeking to restore proﬁts by ﬁnding cheaper labour
elsewhere. As industrial employment, whether in manufacturing
or services, spread to new areas of the world, international
competition increased even further. The collapse of the last great
empire, that of the Soviet Union, allowed the countries of Eastern
Europe to bring their considerable supplies of cheap labour into the
capitalist world. The entry of China at least began to bring almost a
quarter of the world’s population into the capitalist world economy.
Higher production, resulting from increased capacity and also, of
116

course, technological change, could be absorbed if demand
increased as well, but global demand did not expand at the same
rate as the supply of goods. After all, one reason why new centres of
production emerged was the availability of cheap labour, and low
wages did not generate much consumer demand. The lending of
recycled oil money to Third World countries initially stimulated
consumption there, but higher interest rates then left these
countries with huge long-term debts, which a large part of their
national incomes was devoted to servicing and paying off. As we saw
in Chapter 5, international inequality steadily increased, which
meant that consumption was more and more concentrated in the
established industrial societies of America, Europe, and, by now,
the Far East.

While one response to the declining proﬁtability of production
was to search for cheaper labour abroad, another was, as Arrighi
has argued, to shift capital from investment in production to
speculation in shares, currencies, and derivatives. As we saw in
Chapter 5, huge amounts of money began to ﬂow across national
borders and became a new source of instability in the capitalist
world economy, leading to the East Asian crisis of 1997.
Large amounts of money seeking investment in ‘emerging markets’
117

Crisis? What crisis?

Consumer demand in these countries too was, however, faltering.
Companies reduced wage costs in order to at least try to compete
with cheap imports from the new industrializers, and real wages
and therefore purchasing power declined. Privatization exposed
cushioned state employees to the rigours of the open labour market.
Labour was shifted from ‘good jobs’ in manufacturing to poorly
paid service work. Higher unemployment in many countries further
depressed consumer demand. Governments have been less willing
to spend and more concerned to balance their budgets, in line with
post-Keynesian economic orthodoxy. Global consumption has not
therefore kept pace with global production, and overproduction has
been an ever-present threat to proﬁts, wages, and employment.

Capitalism

had moved into the apparently strong East Asian economies, but
in 1997 fears about the stability of the Thai economy triggered a
withdrawal of funds. This in turn led to the collapse of share prices
and the currency, and bank failures. A similar sequence of events
followed in Malaysia, Indonesia, Hong Kong, and South Korea. It
did not stop there and crises followed in Russia and Brazil, as
investors pulled money out of any economy judged to be weak. The
ensuing recession in the immediately affected countries not only
devastated their economies but impacted globally, as East Asian
demand declined, hitting, for example, American agricultural and
aircraft exports to the region.
This crisis demonstrated the new instability of the capitalist world
economy in two ways. The fears that led to the withdrawal of funds
from Thailand resulted at least in part from the threat to proﬁts
from increasing competition in the region as the producers of goods
as various as microchips, steel, and cars multiplied. The crisis was
then ampliﬁed by international ﬁnancial integration and the ease
with which money could now be moved into and out of national
economies. Overproduction, increasing international competition,
and the mobility of money interacted with each other to produce
a crisis that bounced from one country to another for well
over a year.

The information technology boom
A revolution in information and communication technology (ICT)
seemed to provide an escape from this instability into a new era of
economic growth. This was not only because of investment in
‘silicon valleys’ and the creation of new hardware and software
products but also because these could enhance the productivity of
many existing industries. According to the OECD, ‘ICT is
transforming economic activity, as the steam engine, railways and
electricity have done in the past’. There can be little doubt that it
has transformed people’s work lives, through word-processing
and computer-controlled production, geo-stationary satellites and
118

mobile phones, the Internet and the Web, e-commerce and
telework. According to the OECD, investment in ICT certainly
contributed to economic growth during the 1990s, above all in the
United States but in many other countries too, especially Australia
and Finland.

Lastminute was untypical in that it survived but typical in many
other ways of the dotcom boom. Its initial funding came from
venture capital and at ﬁrst it struggled to raise the money it needed
to stay in business but, after massive media publicity, banks
competed for the right to ﬂoat it on the stock market. At the time
of its ﬂotation (by Morgan Stanley) it was oversubscribed 47 times,
even though it was expected to make a loss of £20 million that
year. Its share price was not based on expected earnings but on the
gains that could be made from rising prices in a stock-market boom.
The frenzied competition for both its business and its shares was
driven by the fear of missing out and fuelled by a media-hyped new
119

Crisis? What crisis?

There was, however, no escape from the cycle of boom and bust that
has occurred so often in the history of capitalism, as e-commerce
showed. Lastminute.com provides a good example. Founded in
1998, Lastminute.com was based on the idea that the Internet could
be used to match companies desperate to unload unsold holidays or
meals or hotel rooms on consumers looking for last-minute
bargains. In March 2000, at the height of the dotcom boom, it was
ﬂoated on the stock market at a price of £3.80p, which valued it
higher than many well-established and proﬁtable companies.
Its price rose quickly to over £5 a share and its founders had
apparently joined the ranks of the dotcom millionaires, but within a
week the dotcom bubble had begun to deﬂate and Lastminute’s
share price started to fall, dropping to 17p by September 2001.
Although, as originally conceived, it had failed, Lastminute did
survive, by turning itself into an Internet travel agency and using
the capital it had raised through its ﬂotation to buy up other
companies. It was expected to make a small proﬁt for the ﬁrst time
in the ﬁnancial year 2002–3.

Capitalism

15. Martha Jane Fox and Brent Hoberman, the founders of
Lastminute.com, looking pleased with themselves just before the
company was ﬂoated in March 2000

technology euphoria. As with all bubbles, some investors eventually
decided that the peak had been reached and started to cash in their
gains. Once the normal criteria of proﬁtability were reasserted, the
non-existence of proﬁts in the foreseeable future meant that prices
fell towards zero.
The telecommunications industry experienced a similar rise, if not
quite such a catastrophic fall. In Britain, privatization had removed
public-sector restraints and BT embarked on a buying spree aimed
at turning it into a global corporation. BT bought companies in
other countries, attempted to merge with major American
corporations, and competed for mobile phone licences. This last
proved ruinous for all involved, as governments auctioned these
licences to the highest bidder, raising £22.5 billion in Britain and
£31 billion in Germany, though those paying for the licences could
120

only guess at how much they might earn from them. The outcome
was hugely indebted telecom companies. BT’s debts peaked at
£28 billion and to reduce them to a supportable level it had to sell
off at a heavy loss the overseas companies it had bought and its
mobile phone operation.

The ICT revolution had stimulated a burst of economic growth in
some countries and conferred many beneﬁts on at least some of the
people who lived in them, but it had not solved the problems
of the capitalist world economy. The ICT sector went through the
same cycle of expansion, overproduction, increasing competition,
and contraction that earlier industries transformed by
technological advances had experienced. ICT had also made its
own unique contribution to the instability of capitalism by
enabling the faster movement of larger quantities of money across
the world.
121

Crisis? What crisis?

One of BT’s major competitors was WorldCom, the second largest
long-distance phone company in the United States and its biggest
Internet carrier. WorldCom was worth $180 billion at its peak and
employed 80,000 people, but in July 2002 it ﬁled for bankruptcy,
after disclosing that it had misleadingly inﬂated its proﬁts by
some $9 billion. As this came hard on the heels of the similar
Enron scandal, there was great press interest in the corporation’s
fraudulent accounting practices, but these concealed other
problems. Starting as a small Mississippi phone company,
WorldCom had acquired 60 companies in 15 years until
its expansion was halted in 2000 by European and American
regulators, who feared that a proposed merger (with Sprint) would
give it a global stranglehold on Internet trafﬁc. WorldCom had in
fact already bought more capacity in broadband than the existing
demand justiﬁed, while it also met growing competition from new
entrants to the long-distance phone market and mobile phone
companies. This was another story of over-expansion, increasing
competition, excess capacity, indebtedness, insufﬁcient earnings,
and unproﬁtability.

A deﬂating world?

Capitalism

Some economic commentators now fear that the world economy is
entering a deﬂationary period of falling prices. If prices fall, and the
prices of goods at least have been falling, this encourages people to
hold back on spending, since goods will become even cheaper in
the future. It can similarly encourage businesses to hold back on the
purchase of new machinery. If consumers and businesses spend
less, the chronic problem of overproduction becomes worse. Proﬁts
fall, investment declines, and unemployment rises. People then
have even less to spend or are increasingly reluctant to do so
because of growing insecurity. Such vicious circles could lead to a
cumulative decline of economic activity.
A deﬂationary spiral of this kind has been observed in Japan.
Soaring prices after decades of growth created a bubble that burst
in the early 1990s. Since then domestic demand has been falling,
prices have dropped, and unemployment has risen. As people
became increasingly fearful about the future, they saved more and
consumed less, while falling prices gave consumers an incentive to
delay purchases. Attempts by the government to stimulate demand
by reducing interest rates or increased public expenditure have
failed so far to do so.
Japan initially appeared to be a special case, because the Japanese
have historically saved a high proportion of their income, while the
relative absence of a welfare state increased their ‘rainy day’ reliance
on savings. There is clearly a vicious circle here, since lower
spending results in higher unemployment, which generates more
insecurity, which leads to more saving, and so on.
However, Germany too has recently been travelling down a
deﬂationary path, even though a particular form of state welfare is
well developed there. It has been argued that Germany is also a
special case, either because of the costs of its reuniﬁcation or the
rigidities of its labour market. If two large and rather different
122

economies are caught in deﬂationary circles, that does, none the less,
suggest that this may be a more general problem.
In which case, why have such circles not developed in Britain?
Consumer spending has apparently ‘deﬁed gravity’ by continuing to
increase. Expenditure on services, where prices have continued to
rise, has been particularly important in maintaining employment in
the labour-intensive service sector. The expansion of credit has
played a key part in this growing consumption. The highly
developed and very competitive British ﬁnancial services industry
has found new ways of selling credit, most recently by lending on
the security of the increased value of people’s houses. The problem
of overproduction has been temporarily solved by a debt-fuelled
overconsumption.

The bursting of the ICT and related stock market bubbles made
these problems that much worse. As the bubbles inﬂated, new
products, high earnings in the ﬁnancial services industry, and
the euphoria of increasing personal capital stimulated spending.
Then the bursting of the bubble resulted in the contraction of
employment and earnings in the communications industry and
ﬁnancial services. It also resulted in many people losing a large
chunk of their savings and expecting smaller pensions, because
pension funds have made big losses. A similar sequence may follow
if the bubble in house prices also bursts.
All this may be expected to shift people’s priorities from spending to
123

Crisis? What crisis?

Debts cannot, however, expand indeﬁnitely. People’s willingness to
borrow and spend can be changed suddenly if their circumstances
change, and in Britain their circumstances are indeed clearly
changing, with higher taxation, higher university fees, and
worsening pension prospects. Increasing debt can only sustain
demand for a time and there is the risk of a very sudden and large
contraction when people cut their spending because they can no
longer afford to borrow and have high repayments to make.

saving. Furthermore, governments with expenditure plans based
on the increasing tax revenues generated by growth have now to
reduce spending or increase tax rates or borrow more, all of which
will have consequences that reduce consumer demand. Declining
consumption would further widen the gap between production and
consumption and result in the problem of overproduction/
underconsumption becoming progressively worse.

A ﬁnal crisis?

Capitalism

The capitalist world economy’s failure to enter a new period of
sustained and stable growth, the scandals at Enron and WorldCom,
the bursting of various ﬁnancial bubbles, together with predictions
of a future slide into deﬂation, have led some to suggest that the
capitalist system is in danger of collapse, of sliding into some ﬁnal
crisis.
The scandals around Enron and WorldCom seemed particularly
serious, since they threatened the normative basis of capitalism. If
executives with share options were fraudulently inﬂating proﬁts,
company proﬁt ﬁgures could no longer be believed, while the
complicity of respected accountancy ﬁrms meant that audit
mechanisms designed to prevent such abuses were not functioning.
The similar failure of a raft of Wall Street banks to provide objective
investment advice to their clients, who were steered towards
companies in which the banks had interests, has also come to light.
All this means that the information and advice on which investors
rely cannot be trusted. Conﬁdence in the operations of the capital
market at the heart of capitalism has been shaken.
Scandals have, however, been a recurring feature of capitalism. The
true capitalist is motivated by the amoral accumulation of money
and this frequently drives particular individuals to bend or break
the rules. It is only when bubbles burst that the fraudulent practices
easy to conceal at times of expansion suddenly become visible.
Governments then punish wrongdoers and increase regulation, as
124

has been recently happening in the United States. Even if this
cannot prevent new scandals occurring in the future – regulation
always leaves ambiguities and loop-holes that allow sharp practice –
it can sufﬁciently restore conﬁdence to enable the market to
operate.

Particular crises also come to an end. Thus, if overproduction is the
problem, unproﬁtability leading to bankruptcies and closures will
eventually reduce capacity. The more efﬁcient producers that are
left will become more proﬁtable, expand production, employ more,
and generate demand. A high rate of product innovation is one of
the features of capitalist economies, and the creation of new
products or new technologies will again stimulate growth some
time in the future. While crisis has undoubtedly been a recurrent
feature of capitalist economies, so has the astonishing capacity for
the resumption of growth when the crisis has passed.
The other face of crisis in one part of the world is, anyway, growth
somewhere else. Thus China’s entry to the capitalist world economy,
with its huge reserves of cheap labour, has increased international
competition and threatened proﬁtability and employment
elsewhere. China itself, however, with nearly a quarter of the world’s
125

Crisis? What crisis?

The history of capitalism is, in any case, littered with crises. Periods
of stable economic growth are the exception not the norm. The
quarter century of relatively stable economic growth after 1945 may
have shaped a generation’s expectations about capitalist normality
but it was not historically typical of capitalism. Crises are one of its
normal features, for there are so many dynamic and cumulative
mechanisms operating within it that capitalism cannot be stable
for long. The separation of production from consumption, the
competition between producers, the conﬂict between capital and
labour, ﬁnancial mechanisms that inﬂate and then burst bubbles,
the switching of money from one economic activity to another are
all sources of instability that have characterized capitalism from its
very beginnings and will no doubt continue to do so.

population, is potentially a huge source of world growth in the
future. Cheap labour countries may not initially generate much
consumer demand, but when growth takes place in them, higher
demand for labour may be expected to lead to rising wages and
greater consumption in the future. China is already becoming a big
importer as well as a great exporter.

Capitalism

If there were a viable alternative to capitalism, the current
symptoms of crisis might be more serious. Arguably, the great crisis
of the 1930s was more serious for this very reason. At that time, the
Soviet Union was industrializing on the basis of a non-capitalist,
state-socialist economic system, while strong socialist movements
in capitalist industrial societies were still gathering strength and
seeking to engineer a shift to such a system. With the collapse of
the state-socialist economies at the end of the 1980s and the decline
of socialist movements, this alternative has gone.
That is not to say that the opposition to capitalism has disappeared.
Anti-capitalist movements still exist and have made their presence
felt in various ways, notably by organizing large demonstrations to
coincide with international economic meetings, as at the ‘battle of
Seattle’ in 1999 and the ‘battle of Genoa’ in 2001. Their weakness is,
however, that although they attract considerable support, they do
not present a viable alternative to capitalism in the way that
socialism once, for a time at least, did.
Nor is this to say that alternatives have disappeared from the
capitalist world economy. As Chapter 4 showed, there are
distinctive national variants, and these have not been forced by
globalization into some common mould. The economic dominance
of the United States has admittedly resulted in the imposition
of a free market version of capitalism on economically weak
countries, particularly those seeking to borrow from US-dominated
international organizations. Well-established capitalist economies
have, however, maintained their political and institutional
distinctiveness and continue to provide alternative models. What
126

matters here is not just what the established alternatives have on
offer, interesting though this may be, but a recognition of the
fact that distinct national variants have always existed and
continue to operate within the capitalist world economy.

127

Crisis? What crisis?

The search for an alternative to capitalism is fruitless in a world
where capitalism has become utterly dominant, and no ﬁnal crisis
is in sight or, short of some ecological catastrophe, even really
conceivable. The socialist alternative has lost its credibility, while
contemporary anti-capitalist movements seem to lead nowhere,
because of their failure to provide a credible and constructive
alternative that is compatible with existing patterns of production
and consumption. Those who wish to reform the world should
focus on the potential for change within capitalism. There are
different capitalisms, and capitalism has gone through many
transformations. Reform does, however, require an engagement
with capitalism and cannot be accomplished by movements that
stand outside it and merely demonstrate against it.

References

Chapter 1
F. Braudel, The Wheels of Commerce (William Collins Sons and Co.,
1982)
K. N. Chaudhuri, The English East India Company 1600–1640 (Frank
Cass and Co., 1965)
J. Gapper and N. Denton, All That Glitters: The Fall of Barings (Hamish
Hamilton, 1996)
C. H. Lee, A Cotton Enterprise 1795–1840: A History of M‘Connel and
Kennedy (Manchester University Press, 1972)
H. de Soto, The Mystery of Capital (Bantam Press, 2000)
E. P. Thompson, ‘Time, work-discipline, and industrial capitalism’, Past
and Present, vol. 38 (1967), pp. 56–97
Chapter 2
R. Brenner, ‘Agrarian Class Structure and Economic Development in
Pre-Industrial Europe’, Past and Present, vol. 97 (1982)
C. M. Cipolla, Before the Industrial Revolution: European Society and
Economy 1000–1700, 3rd edn. (Routledge, 1997)
H. Kamen, The Iron Century: Social Change in Europe, 1550–1660
(Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1971)
M. Morishima, Why has Japan ‘Succeeded’? (Cambridge University
Press, 1982)
H. Trevor-Roper, Religion, the Reformation, and Social Change, 2nd
edn. (Macmillan, 1972)
129

M. Weber, The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism (George
Allen and Unwin, 1930)
E. M. Wood, The Origin of Capitalism (Monthly Review Press,
1999)

Capitalism

Chapter 3
A. Gamble, The Free Economy and the Strong State: The Politics of
Thatcherism, 2nd edn. (Macmillan, 1994)
A. Giddens, The Third Way: The Renewal of Social Democracy (Polity,
1998)
J. Percy-Smith and P. Hillyard, ‘Miners in the arms of the law: a
statistical analysis’, Journal of Law and Society, 12 (1985)
D. Yergin and J. Stanislaw, The Commanding Heights: The Battle for
the World Economy (Simon and Schuster, 1998)
Chapter 4
A. D. Chandler, Scale and Scope: The Dynamics of Industrial Capitalism
(Harvard University Press, 1990)
D. Coates, Models of Capitalism: Growth and Stagnation in the Modern
Era (Polity Press, 2000)
R. P. Dore, Stock Market Capitalism: Welfare Capitalism: Japan
and Germany versus the Anglo-Saxons (Oxford University Press,
2000)
C. Johnson, MITI and the Japanese Miracle: The Growth of Industrial
Policy, 1925–1975 (Stanford University Press, 1982)
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, Beneﬁts and
Wages (OECD Indicators, 2002)
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, Economic
Survey of Sweden (2002)
D. Swank, Global Capital, Political Institutions, and Policy Changes
in Developed Welfare States (Cambridge University Press,
2002)
F. B. Tipton, ‘Government policy and economic development in
Germany and Japan: a sceptical evaluation’, The Journal of Economic
History, 41 (1981)

130

Chapter 5
M. Castells, ‘Information technology and global capitalism’, in On the
Edge: Living with Global Capitalism, ed. W. Hutton and A. Giddens
(Jonathan Cape, 2000)
D. Coates, Models of Capitalism: Growth and Stagnation in the Modern
Era (Polity Press, 2000)
P. Dicken, Global Shift: The Internationalization of Economic Activity,
3rd edn. (Paul Chapman, 1998)
J. Gray, False Dawn: The Delusions of Global Capitalism (Granta, 1998)
V. Shiva, ‘The world on the edge’, in On the Edge: Living with Global
Capitalism, ed. W. Hutton and A. Giddens (Jonathan Cape, 2000)
J. Stiglitz, Globalization and its Discontents (Allen Lane, 2002)
United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report
(Oxford University Press, 2001)

131

References

Chapter 6
G. Arrighi, The Long Twentieth Century: Money, Power, and the
Origins of Our Times (Verso, 1994)
E. Hobsbawm, Age of Extremes: The Short Twentieth Century (Abacus,
1994)
K. Marx and F. Engels, The Communist Manifesto ([1848] Penguin,
1967)
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, The New
Economy: Beyond The Hype (2001)
S. Schama, The Embarrassment of Riches (Collins, 1987)

Further reading

Chapter 1
Fernand Braudel’s three-volume Civilization and Capitalism: 15th–
18th Centuries (William Collins, 1982–4) is a wonderful source of
insight into the nature and early history of capitalism. See especially
Volume II, chapters 3 and 4, and the Conclusion to Volume III. On the
methods used to discipline and control labour in 19th-century factories,
see S. Pollard, The Genesis of Modern Management (Penguin, 1968). The
excesses of the speculative capitalism of recent years are chronicled by
Susan Strange in Casino Capitalism (Manchester University Press,
1997). To read further about Marx (and Max Weber) on capitalism, see
Derek Sayer’s Capitalism and Modernity (Routledge, 1991). Hernando
de Soto’s book, The Mystery of Capital (Bantam Press, 2000), contains
intriguing reﬂections, going back to the writings of Adam Smith and
Karl Marx, on the character of capitalism and its failure to emerge
locally in Third-World countries.
Chapter 2
Ellen Meiksins Wood, The Origin of Capitalism (Monthly Review Press,
1999) provides a clear and forceful account of the origin of capitalism in
Britain and is also the best way into the long-running Marxist debates
on this question. In The Transition from Feudalism to Capitalism
(Macmillan, 1985), R. J. Holton very usefully reviews both Marxist and
non-Marxist theories. There is again much on the origins question in
the Braudel volumes listed for Chapter 1. Although it is concerned with
132

broader issues, Volume 1 of Michael Mann’s The Sources of Social Power
(Cambridge University Press, 1986) provides a theory of the origins of
capitalism in feudalism and argues that Christianity and the political
fragmentation of Europe were also crucial. Mann is much concerned
with the distinctiveness of Europe, as is John Hall, who in Powers and
Liberties: The Causes and Consequences of the Rise of the West
(Blackwell, 1985) compares Europe with China, India, and Islamic
societies.

Chapter 4
Will Hutton’s The State We’re In (Random House, 1994) and John
Gray’s False Dawn: The Delusions of Global Capitalism (Granta, 1998)
both argue against the idea that globalization produces convergence, as
does David Coates, in Models of Capitalism: Growth and Stagnation in
the Modern Era (Polity, 2000), which lucidly examines all the major
models and claims that each ‘has stopped working’. Ronald Dore’s Stock
Market Capitalism: Welfare Capitalism examines the functioning and
merits of the German and Japanese models, on the one hand, and those
of Britain and America, on the other. While not covering anything like
as much ground as the above, my Labour Movements, Employers, and
the State: Conﬂict and Cooperation in Britain and Sweden (Clarendon
Press, 1991) uses the notion of suppressed historical alternatives to
explore the similarities and differences between Britain and Sweden.
133

Further reading

Chapter 3
An inﬂuential version of the three-stage approach, though using
different labels for the stages, was provided by Scott Lash and John Urry
in The End of Organized Capitalism (Polity, 1987). The managerial
revolution issue is discussed by John Scott, one of the leading
researchers in this area, in Corporate Business and Capitalist Classes
(Oxford University Press, 1997). In Transformations of Capitalism:
Economy, Society and the State in Modern Times (Macmillan, 2000),
Harry F. Dahms has very usefully collected together a number of classic
texts on these issues. For a highly readable and globally extensive
narrative of the latest transformation, see The Commanding Heights by
Daniel Yergin and Joseph Stanislaw (Simon and Schuster, 1998).

Capitalism

Chapter 5
Vandana Shiva’s 2000 Reith Lecture, On Poverty and Globalization, is
available through the BBC’s web page. For a comprehensive and clear
general account of the recent development of global capitalism, see
Robert Gilpin, The Challenge of Global Capitalism: The World Economy
in the 21st Century (Princeton University Press, 2000). Susan Strange
has chronicled the decisions (and non-decisions) leading to global
monetary instability in Casino Capitalism (Manchester University
Press, 1997). For a World Bank insider’s perspective, see Joseph
Stiglitz’s book, Globalization and its Discontents (Allen Lane, 2002).
For an outsider’s call for fair trade rather than free trade, see George
Monbiot’s The Age of Consent: A Manifesto for a New World Order
(Flamingo, 2003).
Chapter 6
On tulipomania, see Mike Dash’s Tulipomania (Indigo, 1999) and
Simon Schama’s The Embarrassment of Riches (Collins, 1987). The best
way into Marx’s views on capitalism and crisis is to read Part One of The
Communist Manifesto (originally published in 1848; among other
editions, Penguin, 1967). Eric Hobsbawm provides a readable and
perceptive account of the Great Depression, the postwar ‘golden years’,
and the ‘crisis decades’ that followed in his Age of Extremes (Abacus,
1994). Gilpin (listed above for Chapter 5) sets recent crises in the
context of global capitalism. The ups and downs of the dot.com story are
chronicled in John Cassidy’s dot.con (Allen Lane, 2002).

134

Index

global 64, 82–103, 112
industrial 5–9, 21, 38–9
managed 41–9, 56, 64, 68,
71–3, 76, 80, 116
merchant 1–5, 21, 26–8,
105–6
remarketized 47–57, 62, 71,
78–81, 96, 116
Caribbean 82, 89, 93
Castells, Manuel 94, 97, 131
Chandler, Alfred 43, 65, 130
China 36–7, 76, 86, 89, 97,
101–2, 116, 125–6
Cipolla, Carlo 30, 129
Coates, David 68, 84, 130, 131,
133
Cold War 68, 74, 99, 114
commodiﬁcation 15–16, 90–1,
93–4
communism 74, 76, 102
see also state socialism
competition 16–17, 51, 54, 74,
107
international 45, 48, 62, 69,
74, 83, 91, 96, 115–6
concentration of ownership 17,
43, 65–6, 72, 108
Confucianism 36
consumption 8–9, 15–16, 18,
21–2, 70, 106–7, 109–12,
117, 123–5
Convergence 58, 64, 80–1
Cook, Thomas 8
Corporatism 46–7, 49, 59, 61,
64
Costa Rica 90
Crisis
of the 1970s 48, 61, 76,
114–16

A
Africa 82, 89, 93, 97
agriculture 23–5, 32–4, 91–4,
104–5, 109–10, 112
anti-capitalism 126–7
anti-trust movement 66–7
Arrighi, Giovanni 117, 131
Asia see particular countries
Australia 77, 83, 116, 119

B
Barings 9–13, 51
Braudel, Fernand 4, 129, 132
Brazil 97, 118
Brenner, Robert 34, 129
Bretton Woods 95, 100
Britain 19–26, 27–8, 30–2,
38–57, 61, 69, 76, 88, 112,
120, 123–4
BT 120–1
business corporation 65–6
see also transnational
corporation
business unionism 65–6, 70

C
call centres 88–9
capital 2–3, 5, 13–15, 22–3,
26–9, 35, 70, 86, 94–5
capitalism
anarchic 38–41, 46, 55, 107
casino 10, 94–5, 117, 134
ﬁnancial 9–13, 51, 78, 94–6,
117–18, 123
135

exchange rates 17–18, 83,
95–6, 115

of the 1990s 70–1, 95
of deﬂation 122–4
in East Asia 95, 97, 117–18
of information technology
bubble 70, 118–21, 123
of overproduction 106–8,
114
in Russia 97
see also Great Depression,
tulipomania

F
female labour 39, 75, 86–8
feudalism 15, 23, 25, 32–4
Finland 97, 119
Flanders 26, 30–2, 34
France 27, 30, 97
Fuggers 27
futures trading 10, 17–18, 29,
105

Capitalism

D
De Soto, Hernando 14, 129,
132
debt 71, 101, 109, 123–4
deﬂation 122–4
deregulation 40, 51–2, 62, 69,
78, 96
derivatives 10, 94–5
Dicken, Peter 98, 131
Dore, Ronald 76, 78, 130,
133

G
Gamble, Andrew 52, 130
Germany 26–7, 30–2, 45, 74,
115, 116, 120, 122–3
Giddens, Anthony 55, 130, 131
global capitalism see
capitalism, global
global corporation 98
globalization 78, 97, 98–9
Gorbachov, Mikhail 100–1
Gray, John 100, 131, 133
Great Depression 66, 108–13,
126

E
East India Companies 1–5, 21,
27–8, 82
economic crisis see crisis
Ecuador 91–3
empires 34, 44–5, 48, 83
employers’ associations 41, 50,
59, 62, 75, 78
enclosure 24
Enron 71, 80, 124
equality 49, 55, 57, 60
see also inequality
Europe 26–37, 68, 77, 82, 93,
97, 101, 110, 114
see also particular countries

H
Hobsbawm, Eric 109, 131, 134
Holland see Netherlands
Hong Kong 86, 118

I
India 89, 91
individualism 49, 55–6, 61, 64,
71–2, 99
Indonesia 86, 118
136

industrial conﬂict
in Britain 6–7, 20, 22, 52
in France 27
in Japan 75
in Sweden 59, 61
in the United States 67
see also trade unions
industrial policy 60, 68, 74, 76
industrialization 5–9, 19–22,
26–7, 58–9, 64–5, 72–3,
84–8
inequality 55, 57, 63, 70, 98,
103
information and
communication
technology 70, 88–9, 94,
118–21, 123
international division of labour
83, 112
International Monetary Fund
100–1
Ireland 116
Italy 29–30, 31–2, 34, 97, 116

Latin America 46, 83, 85–6,
90, 91–3, 97, 118
Leeson, Nick 9–13, 94, 96
leisure 8–9
liberalism 40–1, 72, 80
see also individualism,
neo-liberalism,
liberalization 49, 62, 69, 76,
78, 101

M

J
Japan 9, 12, 36, 69, 72–80,
85–8, 97, 101, 114–6, 122
Johnson, Chalmers 74, 130
journeymen’s associations 22,
27

N

K

neo-liberalism 41, 49, 54, 58,
62–4, 77
Netherlands 4, 27, 29–32,
104–6, 116
New Deal 66–8
New Labour 49, 54–55, 69
Nissan 75, 78–9

Kamen, Henry 36, 129
Keynesianism 49, 60, 66,
68–9, 113

L
Lastminute.com 119–20
137

Index

Malaysia 86, 89, 118
managerial revolution 43, 65,
70
market forces 46–7, 50–1,
54–6, 62, 71, 80
markets 16, 25, 33
internal 51, 54
see also stock markets
Marx, Karl 9, 15, 20, 106–7,
131, 132, 134
M’Connell and Kennedy 5–6,
28
Mexico 70, 85–6, 97
Ministry of International
Trade and Industry 74, 76
monopoly 4, 65–6, 106
Morishima, Michio 36, 129

O

state 34
and regulation 39–40, 52–5,
66–7, 124–5, see also
deregulation
and labour movement 43–4,
47, 52, 59–61
and ownership 44–5, 50, 61,
72
and welfare 40, 44, 55–6,
60–3, 66, 73, 75, 122
see also corporatism,
keynesianism,
privatization, industrial
policy
state socialism 99, 100–2, 126
Stiglitz, Joseph 101–2, 131, 134
stock markets 3, 16, 18, 27, 76,
106, 119
see also Wall Street
Strange, Susan 10, 132, 134
Sweden 48, 58–64
Switzerland 30, 116

overproduction 5, 106–8, 114,
118, 125
Owen, Robert 7

P
Philippines 89
poverty 40–1
privatization 50–4, 62, 69, 72,
101, 117, 120
protectionism 45, 76, 112–3
Protestantism 30, 35–6
Putin, Vladimir 100
putting-out system 23, 26

Capitalism

R
Reagan, Ronald 69, 99
refugees 30–1
religion 35–6
Roosevelt, Franklin D. 66–8
Russia 97, 99–102, 114, 116,
118, 126

T

S

Taiwan 86
telework 88–9
Thailand 86, 118
Thatcherism 38, 49–54, 61,
69
Thompson, Edward P. 7–8
tourism 89–91, 97
trade unions
in Britain 6–7, 20, 39, 41, 44,
47, 52
in Japan 73–5
in Mexico 85–6
in Sweden 59, 61, 63
in the United States 64–70

Schama, Simon 106, 131, 134
shareholder value 70, 78, 80
Shiva, Vandana 93–4, 131, 134
Singapore 10, 12–13, 86, 96
Smith, Adam 20, 132
Social Democracy 60–64
socialism 44, 55, 79, 127
see also Social Democracy.
state socialism
South Korea 86, 88, 118
Soviet Union see Russia
Spain 97
Sri Lanka 91
138

Wall Street 71, 101, 109, 124
Weber, Max 35, 130, 132
welfare capitalism 60–4, 66,
76, 80
see also state and welfare
Wood, Ellen Meiksins 19, 130,
132
World Bank 100–1
World Trade Organization 93,
101
World War
First 45, 73, 84, 108, 112
Second 46, 65, 68, 84, 100,
113, 115
Worldcom 71, 80, 121, 124

transnational corporation 84,
98
Trevor-Roper, Hugh 36, 139
Truman, Harry 68
tulipomania 104–6

U
unemployment 46, 49, 62–4,
77–9, 107–10, 122
United States 43, 64–71, 76–7,
83–6, 91, 95–97, 100–101,
109, 113–5, 119–21, 124–6

V
Vietnam 86, 95

Y
Yeltsin, Boris 100

wage labour 5–7, 9, 15–16, 22,
33, 84–9
see also female labour

Z
zaibatsu 72–4

139

Index

W

