Myth: A Very Short Introduction
This book by Robert A. Segal is a concise, elegant, erudite overview of
the major nineteenth and twentieth century theories of myth, using the
Adonis narrative as a litmus test case for various approaches.
Alan Dundes, Professor of Anthropology and Folklore,
University of California, Berkeley
A delightfully clear, engagingly organized, and remarkably
comprehensive treatment of theories of myth.
Ivan Strenski, Holstein Family and Community Professor, Department of
Religious Studies, University of California at Riverside
This is the most helpful orientation to the ﬁeld of mythological studies
that I have ever encountered.
John Beebe, M.D., Past President, The C.G. Jung Institute of San Francisco
Segal writes to be understood and to instruct . . . One learns from the
book much that will encourage and ease further reading.
William M. Calder III, William Abbott Oldfather Professor of the Classics,
University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign
This remarkably clear book is probably the widest-ranging
presentation ever written of the various contemporary
approaches to myth.
Antoine Faivre, Professor Emeritus at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes,
Religious Studies, Sorbonne
The whole discussion is a profound exploration of a subject that
touches on human experience, hopes, and expectations in religion,
philosophy, drama, literature, and psychology.
John Rogerson, Professor Emeritus of Biblical Studies,
University of Shefﬁeld

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR
Robert McMahon

Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh

GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha

PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHRISTIANITY
Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Habermas Gordon Finlayson

HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HIROSHIMA B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
MEDICAL ETHICS
Tony Hope
THE MIND Martin Davies
NATIONALISM
Steven Grosby
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY
Steve Edwards
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Robert A. Segal

MYTH
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi Kuala Lumpur
Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan South Korea Poland Portugal
Singapore Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Robert A. Segal 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2004
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280347–6
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

In memory of Skip, a beloved cat

This page intentionally left blank

Contents

List of illustrations

x

Introduction: Theories of myth

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

1

Myth and science 11
Myth and philosophy 36
Myth and religion
Myth and ritual

46
61

Myth and literature 79
Myth and psychology 91
Myth and structure

113

Myth and society 126
Conclusion: The future of the study of myth
References
Index 159

143

137

List of illustrations

1

Venus and Adonis by
Rubens

9

© 2003 The Metropolitan
Museum of Art, New York.
Gift of Harry Payne
Bingham, 1937. All rights
reserved.

2 E. B. Tylor

7 The Green Corn
fertility dance of
the Minatarees
of North America

15

8 Hunting the
Calydon Boar

45

© Historical Picture
Archive/Corbis

4 Mircea Eliade

77

© The Art Archive/The
Louvre/Dagli Orti

© Archivo Iconograﬁco,
S. A./Corbis

3 Sisyphus in Tartarus

69

Mary Evans Picture Library

9 The Duke and
Duchess of Windsor
on their wedding
day

54

90

© Bettmann/Corbis

© Photos12.com/Carlos Freire

10
5 J. F. Kennedy, Jr

58

Sigmund Freud

92

© Corbis

© Reuters 2000

11
6 George Washington
before Yorktown
by Rembrandt Peale
© The Corcoran Gallery
of Art/Corbis

C. G. Jung
Mary Evans Picture
Library

59

103

12

Claude Lévi-Strauss
© Veldman Annemiek/
Corbis Kipa

115

13

Bronislaw
Malinowski

127

© Hulton-Deutsch
Collection/Corbis

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted, they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

This page intentionally left blank

Introduction: Theories of myth

Let me be clear from the outset: this book is an introduction not
to myths but to approaches to myth, or theories of myth, and it
is limited to modern theories. Theories of myth may be as old
as myths themselves. Certainly they go back at least to the
Presocratics. But only in the modern era – speciﬁcally, only since
the second half of the nineteenth century – have those theories
purported to be scientiﬁc. For only since then have there existed the
professional disciplines that have sought to supply truly scientiﬁc
theories of myth: the social sciences, of which anthropology,
psychology, and to a lesser extent sociology have contributed the
most. Some social scientiﬁc theories of myth may have earlier
counterparts, but scientiﬁc theorizing is still different from earlier
theorizing. Where earlier theorizing was largely speculative and
abstract, scientiﬁc theorizing is based far more on accumulated
information. The differences summed up by the anthropologist
John Beattie apply to the other social sciences as well:
Thus it was the reports of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century
missionaries and travellers in Africa, North America, the Paciﬁc and
elsewhere that provided the raw material upon which the ﬁrst
anthropological works, written in the second half of the last century,
were based. Before then, of course, there had been plenty of
conjecturing about human institutions and their origins . . . But
although their speculations were often brilliant, these thinkers were
1

not empirical scientists; their conclusions were not based on
any kind of evidence which could be tested; rather, they were
deductively argued from principles which were for the most part
implicit in their own cultures. They were really philosophers and
historians of Europe, not anthropologists.
(Beattie, Other Cultures, pp. 5–6)

Myth

Some modern theories of myth hail from the hoary disciplines
of philosophy and literature, but they, too, reﬂect the inﬂuence of
the social sciences. Even Mircea Eliade, who pits his theory from
religious studies against those from the social sciences, enlists data
from the social sciences to support his theory!
Each discipline harbours multiple theories of myth. Strictly,
theories of myth are theories of some much larger domain, with
myth a mere subset. For example, anthropological theories
of myth are theories of culture applied to the case of myth.
Psychological theories of myth are theories of the mind.
Sociological theories of myth are theories of society. There are no
theories of myth itself, for there is no discipline of myth in itself.
Myth is not like literature, which, so it has or had traditionally
been claimed, must be studied as literature rather than as history,
sociology, or something else nonliterary. There is no study of myth
as myth.
What unite the study of myth across the disciplines are the
questions asked. The three main questions are those of origin,
function, and subject matter. By ‘origin’ is meant why and how myth
arises. By ‘function’ is meant why and how myth persists. The
answer to the why of origin and function is usually a need, which
myth arises to fulﬁl and lasts by continuing to fulﬁl. What the need
is, varies from theory to theory. By ‘subject matter’ is meant the
referent of myth. Some theories read myth literally, so that the
referent is the straightforward, apparent one, such as gods. Other
theories read myth symbolically, and the symbolized referent can be
anything.
2

Theories differ not only in their answers to these questions but
also in the questions they ask. Some theories, and perhaps some
disciplines, concentrate on the origin of myth; others, on the
function; still others, on the subject matter. Only a few theories
address all three questions, and some of the theories that
address origin or function deal with either ‘why’ or ‘how’ but
not both.

There is one genuine difference between nineteenth- and
twentieth-century theories. Nineteenth-century theories
tended to see the subject matter of myth as the natural world
and to see the function of myth as either a literal explanation
or a symbolic description of that world. Myth was typically
taken to be the ‘primitive’ counterpart to science, which
was assumed to be wholly modern. Science rendered myth
not merely redundant but outright incompatible, so that
moderns, who by deﬁnition are scientiﬁc, had to reject myth.
By contrast, twentieth-century theories have tended to see
myth as almost anything but an outdated counterpart to
science, either in subject matter or in function. Consequently,
moderns are not obliged to abandon myth for science.
Besides the questions of origin, function, and subject matter,
questions often asked about myth include: is myth universal? is
3

Introduction: Theories of myth

It is commonly said that theories of the nineteenth century focused
on the question of origin and that theories of the twentieth century
have focused on the questions of function and subject matter. But
this characterization confuses historical origin with recurrent origin.
Theories that profess to provide the origin of myth claim to know
not where and when myth ﬁrst arose but why and how myth arises
wherever and whenever it does. The issue of recurrent origin has
been as popular with twentieth-century theories as with
nineteenth-century ones, and interest in function and subject
matter was as common to nineteenth-century theories as to
twentieth-century ones.

Myth

myth true? The answers to these questions stem from the answers
to the ﬁrst three questions. A theory which contends that myth
arises and functions to explain natural processes will likely restrict
myth to societies supposedly bereft of science. By contrast, a theory
which contends that myth arises and functions to unify society may
well deem myth acceptable and perhaps even indispensable to all
societies.
A theory which maintains that myth functions to explain
natural processes is committed to the falsity of myth if the
explanation given proves incompatible with a scientiﬁc one.
A theory which maintains that myth functions to unify society
may circumvent the issue of truth by asserting that society is
uniﬁed when its members believe that the laws they are
expected to obey were established long ago by revered
ancestors, whether or not those laws really were established
back then. This kind of theory sidesteps the question of
truth because its answers to the questions of origin and
function do.

Deﬁnition of myth
I have attended many a conference at which speakers fervently
propound on ‘the nature of myth’ in novel X or play Y or ﬁlm Z. Yet
so much of the argument depends on the deﬁnition of myth. Let me
make explicit my own proposed one.
To begin with, I propose deﬁning myth as a story. That myth,
whatever else it is, is a story may seem self-evident. After all,
when asked to name myths, most of us think ﬁrst of stories about
Greek and Roman gods and heroes. Yet myth can also be taken
more broadly as a belief or credo – for example, the American ‘rags
to riches myth’ and the American ‘myth of the frontier’. Horatio
Alger wrote scores of popular novels illustrating the rags to riches
myth, but the credo itself does not rest on a story. The same is true
of the myth of the frontier.
4

All of the theories considered in this book deem myth a story.
True, E. B. Tylor turns the story into a tacit argument, but the
argument is still conveyed by a story. True, Claude Lévi-Strauss
ventures beyond the story to the ‘structure’ of myth, but again
the structure is conveyed by the story. Theories that read myth
symbolically rather than literally still take the subject matter, or the
meaning, to be the unfolding of a story.

For theories from, above all, religious studies, the main characters
in myth must be gods or near-gods. Here, too, I do not propose
being so rigid. If I were, I would have to exclude most of the Hebrew
Bible, in which all the stories may involve God but, apart from only
the ﬁrst two chapters of Genesis, are at least as much about human
beings as about God. I will insist only that the main ﬁgures be
personalities – divine, human, or even animal. Excluded would be
impersonal forces such as Plato’s Good. Among theorists, Tylor is
the most preoccupied with the personalistic nature of myth, but all
the other theorists to be discussed assume it – with the exception of
Lévi-Strauss. At the same time the personalities can be either the
agents or the objects of actions.
Save for Rudolf Bultmann and Hans Jonas, all of the theorists
considered address the function of myth, and Malinowski focuses on
it almost exclusively. Theorists differ over what the function of myth is.
I do not propose to dictate what the function of myth must somehow
5

Introduction: Theories of myth

If, then, myth is to be taken here as a story, what is the story about? For
folklorists above all, myth is about the creation of the world. In the
Bible only the two creation stories (Genesis 1 and 2), the Garden of
Eden story (Genesis 3), and the Noah story (Genesis 6–9) would
thereby qualify as myths. All the other stories would instead constitute
either legends or folk tales. Outside the Bible the Oedipus ‘myth’, for
example, would actually be a legend. I do not propose being so rigid
and will instead deﬁne myth as simply a story about something
signiﬁcant. The story can take place in the past, as for Eliade
and for Bronislaw Malinowski, or in the present or the future.

be. I note only that for all the theorists the function is weighty – in
contrast to the lighter functions of legend and folk tale. I thereby
propose that myth accomplishes something signiﬁcant for adherents,
but I leave open-ended what that accomplishment might be.

Myth

In today’s parlance, myth is false. Myth is ‘mere’ myth. For example,
in 1997 historian William Rubinstein published The Myth of
Rescue: Why the Democracies Could Not Have Saved More Jews
from the Nazis. The title says it all. The book challenges the
common conviction that many Jewish victims of the Nazis could
have been saved if only the Allies had committed themselves to
rescuing them. Rubinstein is challenging the assumption that the
Allies were indifferent to the fate of European Jews and were
indifferent because they were anti-Semitic. For him, the term ‘myth’
captures the sway of the conviction about the failure to rescue more
fully than would tamer phrases like ‘erroneous belief’ and ‘popular
misconception’. A ‘myth’ is a conviction false yet tenacious.
By contrast, the phrase ‘rags to riches myth’ uses the term myth
positively yet still conveys the hold of the conviction. A blatantly
false conviction might seem to have a stronger hold than a true one,
for the conviction remains ﬁrm even in the face of its transparent
falsity. But a cherished conviction that is true can be clutched as
tightly as a false one, especially when supported by persuasive
evidence. Ironically, some Americans who continue to espouse the
rags to riches credo may no longer refer to it as a ‘myth’ because the
term has come to connote falsity. I propose that, to qualify as a
myth, a story, which can of course express a conviction, be held
tenaciously by adherents. But I leave open-ended whether the story
must in fact be true.

The myth of Adonis
In order to drive home the differences among theories, I propose
taking a familiar myth – that of Adonis – and showing how it looks
from the standpoint of the theories discussed. I choose this myth,
6

ﬁrst, because it is extant in such varying versions, thereby showing
the malleability of myth. The main sources of the myth are the
Greek Apollodorus’ Library (Book III, chapter 14, paragraphs
3–4) and the Roman Ovid’s Metamorphoses (Book X, lines
298–739).

Even as an infant, Adonis was preternaturally beautiful, and
Aphrodite, who apparently had kept watch over him, was
irresistibly smitten with him, just as Smyrna had been with her
father. To have him all to herself, Aphrodite hid Adonis in a chest.
When Persephone, queen of the Underworld (Hades), opened the
chest, which Aphrodite had entrusted to her without revealing its
contents, she too fell in love with Adonis and refused to return
him to Aphrodite. Each goddess wanted Adonis exclusively for
herself. The king of the gods, Zeus, was appealed to by both sides,
and he ruled that Adonis should spend a third of the year with
Persephone, a third with Aphrodite, and a third alone. Adonis
readily conceded his third to Aphrodite and was thereby never
outside the custody of a goddess. One day, while hunting, he was
gored to death by a boar. According to another, unnamed version
of the story recounted by Apollodorus, the goring was the work of
Ares, god of war, who was angry at having been bested by Adonis
as the lover of Aphrodite.
Ovid similarly takes the story of Adonis back to incest between his
mother, Myrrha, and her father, here Cinyras. Myrrha was on the
7

Introduction: Theories of myth

According to Apollodorus, who himself cites a version of the
story from the epic poet Panyasis, Adonis’ mother, Smyrna, was
irresistibly attracted to her father and became pregnant with his
child. When her father discovered that it was Smyrna with whom he
was nightly having sex, he immediately drew his sword, she ﬂed,
and he pursued her. On the verge of being overtaken, she prayed to
the gods to become invisible, and they, taking pity, turned her into a
myrrh (smyrna) tree. Ten months later the tree burst open, and
Adonis was born.

Myth

point of hanging herself to be free from her distress when she was
saved by her old nurse, who pried loose the source of Myrrha’s
despair and, as in Apollodorus, arranged for Myrrha to bed her
father without discovery. But when, on the third night, he called for
light to discover who it was who loved him so, he, as in Apollodorus,
drew his sword and she ﬂed. For nine months the pregnant Myrrha
wandered. Also as in Apollodorus, the worn-out Myrrha prayed and
was turned by the pitying gods into a tree – though here at the end,
not the beginning, of her pregnancy. Yet Myrrha remained human
enough to weep, and from her tears came the perfume myrrh. The
baby, still alive in her, had to ﬁght its way out of the tree to be born.
In Ovid, in contrast to Apollodorus, Venus (the Roman name for
Aphrodite) encountered Adonis only as a young man but was
likewise immediately smitten. There was no rivalry with other
goddesses, so that Venus had him all to herself. They went hunting
together. While Venus continually warned him to stick to small
game, he heedlessly took on big game and, as in Apollodorus’
version, was gored to death by a boar, though not one sent by any
rival for Venus’ love.
Where Apollodorus’ story ends with Adonis’ death, Ovid’s continues
with Venus’ mourning for him. As a memorial, she sprinkled nectar
over his blood, from which sprouted the ﬂower anemone. Like
Adonis, it is short-lived.
Where for Apollodorus the annual cycle of death and rebirth
antedates Adonis’ ‘ﬁnal’ death, for Ovid the annual cycle, in the
form of the ﬂower, follows Adonis’ death. The planting of the ﬂower
anticipates the ritual associated with the myth of Adonis – a
connection absent from Apollodorus.
Where for Apollodorus the main spur to events is anger, for Ovid it
is love. Where for Apollodorus Adonis is the innocent victim of
warring parents and of rival deities, for Ovid the inconsolable
Aphrodite is as much the victim as Adonis.
8

1. Venus and Adonis by Rubens

Where Apollodorus presents the story as true, Ovid presents it as
ﬁctional. Where Apollodorus tells it straight, Ovid twists it to ﬁt
larger themes – notably, that of transformation, as in Myrrha’s
becoming a tree and Adonis’ becoming a ﬂower. Where Apollodorus
intends his story to be taken literally, Ovid intends his to be read
metaphorically. Where Apollodorus is serious, Ovid is playful.
I propose using the myth of Adonis not only because it is extant in
versions so disparate but also because it has proved so popular with
modern theorists of myth. It has been analysed by J. G. Frazer, by
the then-Lévi-Straussian Marcel Detienne, and by C. G. Jung and
his followers.

Myth

Applying theories to myths
To analyse a myth is to analyse it from the viewpoint of some theory.
Theorizing is inescapable. For example, handbooks of classical
mythology that matter-of-factly connect Adonis’ annual trek to
Persephone and return to Aphrodite with the course of vegetation
presuppose a view of myth as the primitive counterpart to science.
Being sceptical of the universality of any theory is one thing. Being
able to sidestep theorizing altogether is another.
Theories need myths as much as myths need theories. If theories
illuminate myths, myths conﬁrm theories. True, the sheer
applicability of a myth does not itself conﬁrm the theory, the tenets
of which must be established in their own right. For example, to
show that Jung’s theory, when applied, elucidates the myth of
Adonis would not itself establish the existence of a collective
unconscious, which, on the contrary, would be presupposed. But
one, albeit indirect, way of conﬁrming a theory is to show how well
it works when its tenets are assumed – this on the grounds that the
theory must be either false or limited if it turns out not to work.

10

Chapter 1
Myth and science

In the West the challenge to myth goes back at least to Plato, who
rejected Homeric myth on, especially, ethical grounds. It was
above all the Stoics who defended myth against this charge by
reinterpreting it allegorically. The chief modern challenge to myth
has come not from ethics but from science. Here myth is assumed to
explain how gods control the physical world rather than, as for
Plato, how they behave among themselves. Where Plato bemoans
myths for presenting the gods as practitioners of immoral
behaviour, modern critics dismiss myth for explaining the world
unscientiﬁcally.

Myth as true science
One form of the modern challenge to myth has been to the scientiﬁc
credibility of myth. Did creation really occur in a mere six days, as
the ﬁrst of two creation stories in Genesis (1:1–2:4a) claims? Was
there really a worldwide ﬂood? Is the earth truly but six or seven
thousand years old? Could the ten plagues on the Egyptians actually
have happened? The most unrepentant defence against this
challenge has been to claim that the biblical account is correct, for,
after all, the Pentateuch was revealed to Moses by God. This
position, known as ‘creationism’, assumes varying forms, ranging,
for example, from taking the days of creation to mean exactly six
days to taking them to mean ‘ages’. Creationism arose in reaction to
11

Myth

Darwin’s Origin of Species (1859), which contends that species
gradually emerged out of one another rather than being created
separately and virtually simultaneously. Surprisingly, creationism
has become ever more, not ever less, uncompromisingly literalist in
its rendition of the biblical account of creation.
At the same time creationists of all stripes vaunt their views as
scientiﬁc as well as religious, not as religious rather than scientiﬁc.
‘Creationism’ is shorthand for ‘creation science’, which appropriates
scientiﬁc evidence of any kind both to bolster its own claims and to
refute those of secular rivals like evolution. Doubtless ‘creation
scientists’ would object to the term ‘myth’ to characterize the view
they defend, but only because the term has come to connote false
belief. If the term is used neutrally for a staunchly held conviction,
creationism is a myth that claims to be scientiﬁc. For creation
scientists, it is evolution that is untenable scientiﬁcally. In any clash
between the Bible and modern science, modern science must give
way to biblical science, not vice versa.

Myth as modern science
A much tamer defence against the challenge of modern science
has been to reconcile myth with that science. Here elements at
odds with modern science are either removed or, more cleverly,
reinterpreted as in fact modern and scientiﬁc. Myth is credible
scientiﬁcally because it is science – modern science. There might
not have been a Noah able singlehandedly to gather up all living
species and to keep them alive in a wooden boat sturdy enough to
withstand the strongest seas that ever arose, but a worldwide ﬂood
did occur. What thus remains in myth is true because scientiﬁc. This
approach is the opposite of that called ‘demythologizing’, which
separates myth from science. Demythologizing will be considered in
the next chapter.
In their comment on the ﬁrst plague, the turning of the waters of
the Nile into blood (Exodus 7:14–24), the editors of the Oxford
12

Annotated Bible epitomize this rationalizing approach: ‘The plague
of blood apparently reﬂects a natural phenomenon of Egypt:
namely, the reddish color of the Nile at its height in the summer
owing to red particles of earth or perhaps minute organisms.’ Of the
second plague, that of frogs (Exodus 8:1–15), the editors declare
similarly: ‘The mud of the Nile, after the seasonal overﬂowing,
was a natural place for frogs to generate. Egypt has been spared
more frequent occurrence of this pestilence by the frog-eating
bird, the ibis.’ How fortuitous that the ibis must have been
on holiday when Aaron stretched out his hand to produce the
plague and must have just returned when Moses wanted the
plague to cease! Instead of setting myth against science, this
tactic turns myth into science – and not, as is fashionable today,
science into myth.

By far the most common response to the challenge of science
has been to abandon myth for science. Here myth, while still an
explanation of the world, is now taken as an explanation of its own
kind, not a scientiﬁc explanation in mythic guise. The issue is
therefore not the scientiﬁc credibility of myth but the compatibility
of myth with science. Myth is considered to be ‘primitive’ science –
or, more precisely, the pre-scientiﬁc counterpart to science, which is
assumed to be exclusively modern. Myth is here part of religion.
Where religion apart from myth provides the sheer belief in gods,
myth ﬁlls in the details of how gods cause events. Because myth
is part of religion, the rise of science as the reigning modern
explanation of physical events has consequently spelled the fall of
not only religion but also myth. Because moderns by deﬁnition
accept science, they cannot also have myth, and the phrase ‘modern
myth’ is self-contradictory. Myth is a victim of the process of
secularization that constitutes modernity.
The relationship between religion and science has actually been
anything but uniform, and works with tendentious titles like A
13

Myth and science

Myth as primitive science

History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom
express a one-sided viewpoint. Still, religion and science, and so
myth and science, were more regularly opposed in the nineteenth
century than in the twentieth century, when they have more often
been reconciled.

Myth

E. B. Tylor
The pioneering English anthropologist E. B. Tylor (1832–1917)
remains the classic exponent of the view that myth and science are
at odds. Tylor subsumes myth under religion and in turn subsumes
both religion and science under philosophy. He divides philosophy
into ‘primitive’ and ‘modern’. Primitive philosophy is identical
with primitive religion. There is no primitive science. Modern
philosophy, by contrast, has two subdivisions: religion and science.
Of the two, science is by far the more important and is the modern
counterpart to primitive religion. Modern religion is composed of
two elements – metaphysics and ethics – neither of which is present
in primitive religion. Metaphysics deals with nonphysical entities,
of which ‘primitives’ have no conception. Ethics is not absent from
primitive culture, but it falls outside primitive religion: ‘the
conjunction of ethics and Animistic philosophy, so intimate and
powerful in the higher culture, seems scarcely yet to have begun in
the lower’ . Tylor uses the term ‘animism’ for religion per se, modern
and primitive alike, because he derives the belief in gods from the
belief in souls (anima in Latin means soul). In primitive religion
souls occupy all physical entities, beginning with the bodies of
humans. Gods are the souls in all physical entities except humans,
who themselves are not gods.
Primitive religion is the primitive counterpart to science because
both are explanations of the physical world. Tylor thus characterizes
primitive religion as ‘savage biology’ and maintains that
‘mechanical astronomy gradually superseded the animistic
astronomy of the lower races’ and that today ‘biological pathology
gradually supersedes animistic pathology’. The religious
14

explanation is personalistic: the decisions of gods explain events.
The scientiﬁc explanation is impersonal: mechanical laws explain
events. The sciences as a whole have replaced religion as the
explanation of the physical world, so that ‘animistic astronomy’ and
‘animistic pathology’ refer only to primitive, not modern, animism.
Modern religion has surrendered the physical world to science and
has retreated to the immaterial world, especially to the realm of life
after death – that is, of the life of the soul after the death of the
body. Where in primitive religion souls are deemed material, in
modern religion they are deemed immaterial and are limited to
human beings:
In our own day and country, the notion of souls of beasts is to be
seen dying out. Animism, indeed, seems to be drawing in its
outposts, and concentrating itself on its ﬁrst and main position,
the doctrine of the human soul. . . . The soul has given up its
ethereal substance, and become an immaterial entity, ‘the shadow
15

Myth and science

2. E. B. Tylor, by G. Bonavia

of a shade.’ Its theory is becoming separated from the
investigations of biology and mental science, which now discuss
the phenomena of life and thought, the senses and the intellect,
the emotions and the will, on a ground-work of pure experience.
There has arisen an intellectual product whose very existence is of
the deepest signiﬁcance, a ‘psychology’ which has no longer
anything to do with ‘soul.’ The soul’s place in modern thought is in
the metaphysics of religion, and its especial ofﬁce there is that of
furnishing an intellectual side to the religious doctrine of the
future.

Myth

(Tylor, Primitive Culture, vol. II, p. 85)

Similarly, where in primitive religion gods are deemed material, in
modern religion they are deemed immaterial. Gods thereby cease to
be agents in the physical world – Tylor assumes that physical effects
must have physical causes – and religion ceases to be an explanation
of the physical world. Gods are relocated from the physical world to
the social world. They become models for humans, just as they
should be for Plato. One now turns to the Bible to learn ethics, not
physics. One reads the Bible not for the story of creation but for the
Ten Commandments, just as for Plato a bowdlerized Homer would
enable one to do. Jesus is to be emulated as the ideal human, not as
a miracle worker. The epitome of this view was expressed by the
Victorian cultural critic Matthew Arnold.
This irenic position is also like that of the late evolutionary biologist
Stephen Jay Gould, for whom science, above all evolution, is
compatible with religion because the two never intersect. Science
explains the physical world; religion prescribes ethics and gives
meaning to life:
Science tries to document the factual character of the natural world,
and to develop theories that coordinate and explain these facts.
Religion, on the other hand, operates in the equally important, but
utterly different, realm of human purposes, meanings, and values.
(Gould, Rocks of Ages, p. 4)
16

But where for Gould religion has always served a function different
from that of science, for Tylor religion has been forced to retrain,
having been made compulsorily redundant by science. And its
present function is a demotion. Tylor is closer to biologist Richard
Dawkins, though Dawkins, unlike Tylor, is not prepared to grant
religion even a lesser function in the wake of science.

In pitting myth against science, as in pitting religion qua
explanation against science, Tylor epitomizes the
nineteenth-century view of myth. In the twentieth century the
trend has been to reconcile myth as well as religion with science, so
that moderns can retain myth as well as religion. Yet Tylor’s view
surely remains popular and is assumed by those for whom the term
‘myth’ evokes stories about Greek and Roman gods.
For Tylor, science renders myth not merely superﬂuous but
unacceptable. Why? Because the explanations that myth and science
give are incompatible. It is not simply that the mythic explanation
is personalistic and the scientiﬁc one impersonal. It is that both
offer direct explanations and of the same events. Gods operate not
behind or through impersonal forces but in place of them. According
to myth, the rain god, let us say, collects rain in buckets and then
chooses to empty the buckets on some spot below. According to
science, meteorological processes cause rain. One cannot stack the
mythic account atop the scientiﬁc one because the rain god, rather
than utilizing meteorological processes, acts in place of them.
17

Myth and science

For Tylor, the demise of religion as an explanation of the physical
world has meant the demise of myth altogether, which for Tylor is
thus conﬁned to primitive religion. Even though myth is an
elaboration on the belief in gods, the belief itself can survive the
rise of science where somehow myth cannot. Apparently, myths are
too closely tied to gods as agents in the world to permit any
comparable transformation from physics to metaphysics. Where,
then, there is ‘modern religion’, albeit religion shorn of its key role
as explanation, there are no modern myths.

Myth

Strictly, causation in myth is never entirely personalistic. The
decision of the rain god to dump rain on a chosen spot below
presupposes physical laws that account for the accumulation of rain
in heaven, the capacity of the buckets to retain the rain, and the
direction of the dumped rain. But to maintain his rigid hiatus
between myth and science, Tylor would doubtless reply that myths
themselves ignore physical processes and focus instead on divine
decisions.
Yet even if myth and science are incompatible, why for Tylor is myth
unscientiﬁc? The answer must be that personal causes are
unscientiﬁc. But why? Tylor never says. Among the possible
reasons: that personal causes are mental – the decisions of divine
agents – whereas impersonal causes are material; that personal
causes are neither predictable nor testable, whereas impersonal
ones are both predictable and testable; that personal causes are
particularistic, whereas impersonal ones are generalized;
and that personal causes are ﬁnal, or teleological, whereas
impersonal ones are efﬁcient. But none of these reasons in fact
differentiates personal from impersonal causes, so that it is not easy
to see how Tylor could defend his conviction that myth is
unscientiﬁc.
Because Tylor never questions this assumption, he takes for
granted not merely that primitives have only myth but, even
more, that moderns have only science. Not coincidentally, he
refers to the ‘myth-making stage’ of culture. Rather than an
eternal phenomenon, as Mircea Eliade, C. G. Jung, and Joseph
Campbell grandly proclaim, myth for Tylor is merely a passing, if
slowly passing, one. Myth has admirably served its function, but
its time is over. Moderns who still cling to myth have simply
failed either to recognize or to concede the incompatibility of it
with science. While Tylor does not date the beginning of the
scientiﬁc stage, it is identical with the beginning of modernity
and is therefore only a few centuries old. Dying in 1917, Tylor
never quite envisioned a stage post the modern one. A recent
18

exemplar of Tylor’s position is the American anthropologist
David Bidney.
One reason Tylor pits myth against science is that he subsumes
myth under religion. For him, there is no myth outside religion,
even though modern religion is without myth. Because primitive
religion is the counterpart to science, myth must be as well. Because
religion is to be taken literally, so must myth be.

As interpretations of myth, moral allegory and euhemerism alike go
back to ancient times, but Tylor sees contemporary exponents of
both as motivated by a desire to preserve myth in the face of the
distinctively modern challenge of science. While Tylor dismisses as
‘euhemerists’ those who interpret gods as mere metaphors for
human beings, ancient euhemerists themselves conventionally
granted that gods, once postulated, were interpreted as gods and
merely argued that gods arose from the magniﬁcation of humans, as
Tylor himself allows. Ancient euhemerists maintained that the ﬁrst
19

Myth and science

Another reason Tylor pits myth against science is that he reads
myth literally. He opposes those who read myth symbolically,
poetically, or metaphorically – for him, interchangeable terms.
He opposes the ‘moral allegorizers’, for whom the myth of Helios’
daily driving his chariot across the sky is a way of instilling
self-discipline. Likewise he opposes the ‘euhemerists’, for whom
the myth is simply a colourful way of describing the exploits of
some local or national hero. (Euhemerus was an ancient Greek
mythographer who established the tradition of seeking an actual
historical basis for mythical events.) For Tylor, the myth of Helios
is an explanation of why the sun rises and sets, and the explanatory
function requires a literal reading. For both the allegorizers and
the euhemerists, myth is not the primitive counterpart to science
because, read symbolically, it is about human beings rather than
about gods or the world. For the allegorizers, it is also unscientiﬁc
because, read symbolically, it prescribes how humans ought to
behave rather than explains how they do behave.

Myth

gods were really great kings, who were deiﬁed after their deaths.
Euhemerus himself maintained that the ﬁrst gods were kings
deiﬁed during their lives.
Opposite to Tylor stands his fellow Victorian, the German-born
Sanskritist Friedrich Max Müller (1823–1900), who spent his career
at Oxford. Where for Tylor moderns misread myth by taking it
symbolically, for Müller ancients themselves eventually came to
misread their own myths, or mythical data, by gradually taking
them literally. Originally symbolic descriptions of natural
phenomena came to be read as literal descriptions of the attributes
of gods. For example, the sea described poetically as ‘raging’ was
eventually taken as the characteristic of the personality responsible
for the sea, and a myth was then invented to account for this
characteristic. Mythology for Müller stems from the absence or
near-absence in ancient languages of abstract nouns and of a neuter
gender. Thus any name given the sun – say, ‘the giver of warmth’ –
invariably turned an abstract, impersonal entity into an actual
personality, and later generations invented myths to ﬁll in the life of
this male or female god.
A Tylorian approach to Adonis would see the myth as an
explanation – for its own sake – of something striking that has been
observed. For Tylor, Apollodorus’ and Ovid’s versions would offer
an account of the origin of myrrh. Ovid’s would, in addition, offer an
account of the origin of the ﬂower anemone. Further, Ovid’s would
account for the notable brevity of the lifespan of the ﬂower, which
would be symbolic of Adonis’. If one could generalize from the
anemone to ﬂowers and other vegetation, the myth could be
explaining why these entities do not just die but also get reborn. For
Tylor, Adonis would have to be a god, not a human being, and the
myth would have to be attributing the annual course of ﬂowers and
of vegetation as a whole to his annual trip to Hades and back.
Adonis’ ﬁnal death would be ignored. The stress would be on
Adonis’ power to control the natural entities for which he was
responsible. The payoff of the myth would be wholly intellectual:
20

one would know why crops behave so quirkily – dying and then
coming back to life, and not once but forever.
Yet the myth itself does not connect Adonis’ annual trip to the
course of vegetation, though the ritual of planting seeds in the
quick-growing and quick-dying ‘gardens of Adonis’ does. And even
if the myth did link the trip to the course of vegetation, the effect
on vegetation would come not from any decision on Adonis’ part,
as Tylor would require, but as the automatic consequence of
his actions.

Tylor’s theory seems geared more to a myth that is explicitly an
account of the creation and, even better, the ongoing operation of
physical phenomena. Take Genesis 1, which for Tylor would easily
qualify as a myth by this criterion. To cite a few passages:
And God said, ‘Let the waters under the heavens be gathered
together into one place, and let the dry land appear.’ And it was so.
God called the dry land Earth, and the waters that were gathered
together he called Seas. And God saw that it was good.
(Genesis 1:9–10 [Revised Standard Version])
And God said, ‘Let the waters bring forth swarms of living creatures,
and let birds ﬂy above the earth across the ﬁrmament of the
heavens.’ So God created the great sea monsters and every living
creature that moves, with which the waters swarm, according to
21

Myth and science

Moreover, much in the myth would still be left out. Tylor’s theory
simply cannot cover the issues of incest, love, jealousy, and sexuality.
More precisely, it can do so only as motives on the part of Adonis.
But in the myth they are, rather, motives on the parts of the ﬁgures
around him. He himself is more passive object than agent. And
however miraculous the events in Adonis’ life, he is still just a
human being, not a god. Overall, the myth seems interested more in
his relations with others than in either his or their impact on the
physical world.

their kinds, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God
saw that it was good.
(Genesis 1:20–21)
Then God said, ‘Let us make man in our image, after our likeness; and
let them have dominion over the ﬁsh of the sea, and over the birds of
the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every
creeping thing that creeps upon the earth.’ So God created man in his
own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he
created them. And God blessed them, and God said to them, ‘Be
fruitful and multiply, and ﬁll the earth and subdue it’ . . . And God saw
everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good.

Myth

(Genesis 1:26–31)

Tylor’s theory would better ﬁt those elements of the world that not
merely are set in order once and for all, such as dry land and seas,
but also recur, such as rainfall, the change of seasons, and (in the
story of Noah) the rainbow. Genesis 1 covers many recurrent
phenomena: day and night, sun and moon, and all living things.
Still, Tylor’s theory would require that recurring phenomena come
from the recurring decisions of gods. For Tylor, gods are to the
physical world as humans are to the social world: each time they
decide anew to do the same thing. They do not set up things that
simply carry on, the way gods do for such theorists as Bronislaw
Malinowski and Eliade.
What of phenomena that have never been observed, such as sea
monsters? How can myth serve to account for them? Tylor’s easy
answer would surely be that the creators of Genesis assumed that
somebody had seen, or assumed to have seen, them. Sea monsters
would be no different from UFOs.
Even if Tylor’s theory ﬁtted snugly the process of creation in Genesis 1,
much of the myth would remain beyond the ken of the theory. The myth
does not just explain creation but also evaluates it, continually
pronouncing it good. Because Tylor so insistently parallels myth to
22

science, he allows no room in myth for morality, as his objection to the
moral allegorizers attests. For him, Genesis 1 should merely explain, not
assess, creation. Similarly, the story does not just explain the creation of
human beings but also elevates them above the rest of creation,
according them at once the right and the duty to oversee the physical
world. If, further, the ‘image’ of God in which humans are created is
more than anatomical, then here, too, Tylor’s theory falls short.

J. G. Frazer
Tylor’s is but one view of the relationship between myth and
science, or between religion and science. Closest to Tylor stands J.
G. Frazer (1854–1941), the Scottish-born, Cambridge-afﬁliated
classicist and fellow pioneering anthropologist. For Frazer, as for
Tylor, myth is part of primitive religion; primitive religion is part of
philosophy, itself universal; and primitive religion is the
counterpart to natural science, itself entirely modern. Primitive
23

Myth and science

Finally, even if Tylor’s theory worked, what would it illuminate? It
is one thing for a theory to ﬁt a myth. It is another for a theory to
elucidate whatever it ﬁts. What would Tylor’s theory tell us that
we would not know without it? One could not, in fairness, ask of
Tylor what a myth means, for Tylor stands committed to a literal
rendition of myth: a myth means what it says. Tylor’s contribution
would be to the origin and the function of myth. Genesis 1, he would
contend, arose not from wild speculations about the world but from
steady observations about recurrent, if still striking, natural
processes that call for an explanation. Tylor would ﬁnd an
appreciative audience among creationists – not because he would
consider Genesis 1 the correct account of the origin of the world
but because he would consider it an account, and a distinctively
religious one. Tylor would offer a corrective to those twentiethcentury theologians who, intent on making the Bible palatable to
moderns, maintain that Genesis 1 is anything but an account
of creation – a view like that of Rudolf Bultmann on the
New Testament, as we shall see in the next chapter.

Myth

religion and science are, as for Tylor, mutually exclusive. Primitive
religion is false, science true. But where for Tylor primitive religion,
including myth, functions as the counterpart to scientiﬁc theory,
for Frazer it functions even more as the counterpart to applied
science, or technology. Where for Tylor primitive religion serves to
explain events in the physical world, for Frazer it serves even more
to effect events, above all the growth of crops. Where Tylor treats
myth as an autonomous text, Frazer ties myth to ritual, which
enacts it.
Frazer takes the myth of Adonis as one of the main examples, for
him, of the chief myth among all mythologies: the biography of
the chief god, the god of vegetation. For Frazer, the myth of
Adonis would have been acted out, and that ritualistic enactment
would have been believed to work magically to effect whatever had
been acted out. To have acted act out the resurfacing of Adonis
would have been to effect it and in turn the resurfacing of the crops.
The myth would have served not simply to explain why the crops
had died – they had died because Adonis, in descending to the land
of the dead, had died – but actually to revive the crops. For Frazer,
the payoff of myth could scarcely have been more practical:
avoiding starvation. Frazer’s interpretation of Adonis will be
considered in detail in Chapter 4.
The biggest difﬁculty for Tylor’s and Frazer’s view of myth as the
primitive counterpart to science is that it conspicuously fails to
account for the retention of myth in the wake of science. If myth
functions to do no more than science, why is it still around? Of
course, Tylor and Frazer could promptly reply that whatever
remains is not myth, and exactly because it is not serving a
scientiﬁc-like function. By contrast, the contemporary German
philosopher Hans Blumenberg (1920–96) maintains that the
survival of myth alongside science proves that myth has never
served the same function as science. Yet neither Blumenberg nor
Tylor and Frazer ever explain why myth, or religion as a whole, is
still invoked alongside science to explain physical events.
24

For example, whenever a handful of passengers survives a plane
crash, the crash itself gets explained scientiﬁcally, but the survival
often gets credited to intervention by God and not to, say, the
location of the seats. Tylor and Frazer would doubtless reply that the
survivors have simply not faced up to the incompatibility of their
religious explanation with a scientiﬁc one, but this appeal to
consistency is apparently outweighed by some more pressing
need that only a religious explanation can fulﬁl.

Lucien Lévy-Bruhl

According to Lévy-Bruhl, primitives believe not, as for Tylor, that all
natural phenomena possess individual, human-like souls, or gods,
but that all phenomena, including humans and their artefacts, are
part of an impersonal sacred, or ‘mystic’, realm pervading the
natural one. Primitives believe, further, that the ‘participation’ of all
things in this mystic reality enables phenomena not only to affect
one another magically but also to become one another, yet remain
what they are: ‘objects, beings, phenomena can be, though in a way
incomprehensible to us [moderns], both themselves and something
other than themselves’. The Bororo of Brazil declare themselves red
araras, or parakeets, yet still human beings. Lévy-Bruhl calls this
belief prelogical because it violates the law of noncontradiction:
the notion that something can simultaneously be both itself and
something else.
25

Myth and science

Reacting against the views of Tylor, Frazer, and other members
of what he imprecisely calls ‘the English school of anthropology’,
the French philosopher and armchair anthropologist Lucien LévyBruhl (1857–1939) insisted on a much wider divide between myth
and science. Where for Tylor and Frazer primitives think like
moderns, just less rigorously, for Lévy-Bruhl primitives think
differently from moderns. Where for Tylor and Frazer primitive
thinking is logical, just erroneous, for Lévy-Bruhl primitive
thinking is plainly nonlogical—or, in his preferred term,
‘prelogical’.

Where for Tylor and Frazer myth involves the same processes of
observation, inference, and generalization as science, or at least of
science as they think of it, for Lévy-Bruhl mythic thinking is the
opposite of scientiﬁc thinking. Where for Tylor and Frazer
primitives perceive the same world as moderns but simply conceive
of it differently, for Lévy-Bruhl primitives see and in turn
conceptualize the world differently from moderns – namely, as
identical with themselves.

Myth

For Lévy-Bruhl, as for Tylor and Frazer, myth is part of religion,
religion is primitive, and moderns have science rather than religion.
But where Tylor and Frazer subsume both religion and science
under philosophy, Lévy-Bruhl associates philosophy with thinking
freed from mystical identiﬁcation with the world. Primitive
thinking is nonphilosophical because it is not detached from the
world. Primitives have a whole mentality of their own, one evinced
in their myths.
Even the use to which myth is put is for Lévy-Bruhl one of
emotional involvement rather than, as for Tylor and Frazer, one of
intellectual detachment. Primitives use religion, especially myth,
not to explain or to control the world but instead to commune with
it – more precisely, to restore the ‘mystic’ communion that has
gradually begun to fade:
Where the participation of the individual in the social group is still
directly felt, where the participation of the group with surrounding
groups is actually lived – that is, as long as the period of mystic
symbiosis lasts – myths are meagre in number and of poor quality.
. . . Can myths then likewise be the products of primitive mentality
which appear when this mentality is endeavouring to realize a
participation no longer felt – when it has recourse to intermediaries,
and vehicles designed to secure a communion which has ceased to
be a living reality?
(Lévy-Bruhl, How Natives Think, p. 330)
26

Presented with the myth of Adonis, Lévy-Bruhl would surely focus
on Adonis’ mystic relationship to the world. Ovid’s Adonis is
oblivious to all warnings about the dangers of the world because he
imagines himself at home in the world, and at home because one
with the world. He is unable to resist the goddesses because he
sees them as his mother, with whom he seeks not intercourse but
womb-like absorption. Between him and the goddesses there exists
the primordial state of oneness that Lévy-Bruhl calls participation
mystique.

Bronislaw Malinowski

Invoking Frazer, for whom myth and religion are the primitive
counterpart to applied science, Malinowski argues that primitives
are too busy scurrying to survive in the world to have the luxury of
reﬂecting on it. Where for Frazer primitives use myth in place of
science, which, again, is exclusively modern, for Malinowski
primitives use myth as a fallback to science. Primitives possess not
just the counterpart to science but science itself:
27

Myth and science

One reaction to Lévy-Bruhl was to reassert the philosophical
nature of myth – a reaction to be considered in the next chapter.
The key theorists here were Paul Radin and Ernst Cassirer.
Another reaction was to accept Lévy-Bruhl’s separation of
myth from philosophy but not his characterization of myth as
pre-philosophical or pre-scientiﬁc. The key ﬁgure here was the
Polish-born anthropologist Bronislaw Malinowski (1884–1942),
who early on moved to England. Where Lévy-Bruhl asserts that
primitives seek to commune with nature rather than to explain
it, Malinowski asserts that primitives seek to control nature
rather than to explain it. Both associate a philosophical
approach with an explanatory, or intellectualist, one, and both
associate that view with the British – for Malinowski, with
Tylor but not also with Frazer. Both attribute this contrived
notion of myth and, in general, of religion to a contrived notion
of primitives.

If by science be understood a body of rules and conceptions, based
on experience and derived from it by logical inference, embodied in
material achievements and in a ﬁxed form of tradition and carried
on by some sort of social organization – then there is no doubt that
even the lowest savage communities have the beginnings of science,
however rudimentary.
(Malinowski, ‘Magic, Science and Religion’, p. 34)

Myth

Primitives use science to control the physical world. Where science
stops, they turn to magic.
Where magic stops, primitives turn to myth – not to secure further
control over the world, as Frazer would assume, but the opposite: to
reconcile themselves to aspects of the world that cannot be
controlled, such as natural catastrophes, illness, ageing, and death.
Myths, which are not limited to religion, root these woes in the
irreversible, primordial actions of either gods or humans. According
to a typical myth, humans age because two forebears did something
foolish that introduced old age irremediably into the world:
The longed-for power of eternal youth and the faculty of
rejuvenation which gives immunity from decay and age, have been
lost by a small accident which it would have been in the power of a
child and a woman to prevent.
(Malinowski, ‘Myth in Primitive Psychology’, p. 137)

Myth explains how, say, ﬂooding arose – a god or a human brought
it about – but primitive science and magic try to do something
about it. By contrast, myth says that nothing can be done about it.
Myths that serve to resign primitives to the uncontrollable are
about physical phenomena. Myths about social phenomena, such as
customs and laws, serve to persuade primitives to accept what can
be resisted, as will be considered in Chapter 8.
What would Malinowski say of the myth of Adonis? He would likely
concentrate on the myth as an expression of the ineluctability of
28

death for all, would see Adonis as a human and not a god, and
would take Adonis’ obliviousness to his mortality as a lesson for
others. But Malinowski’s theory would truly work only if the myth
accounted for mortality rather than presupposed it. Myth for
Malinowski – and, as we shall see, for Eliade – is about origins.
Malinowski would be left with Ovid’s version of the myth as an
elongated account of the ﬂower anemone, and Malinowski would
have to show that the ﬂower mattered to the lives of ancient Greeks
or Romans. Like Tylor, he would take the myth literally.

Claude Lévi-Strauss

Yet in fact Lévi-Strauss is severely critical of Tylor, for whom
primitives create myth rather than science because they think less
critically than moderns. For Lévi-Strauss, primitives create myth
because they think differently from moderns – but, contrary
to Lévy-Bruhl, still think and still think rigorously. For both Tylor
and Lévi-Strauss, myth is the epitome of primitive thinking.
Where for Tylor primitive thinking is personalistic and modern
thinking impersonal, for Lévi-Strauss primitive thinking is
concrete and modern thinking abstract. Primitive thinking deals
with phenomena qualitatively rather than, like modern thinking,
29

Myth and science

Reacting both against Malinowski’s view of primitives as practical
rather than intellectual and against Lévy-Bruhl’s view of primitives
as emotional rather than intellectual, the French structural
anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss (b. 1908) has boldly sought
to revive an intellectualist view of primitives and of myth. At ﬁrst
glance Lévi-Strauss seems a sheer throwback to Tylor. For myth for
Lévi-Strauss, just as for Tylor, is at once an exclusively primitive, yet
nevertheless rigorously intellectual, enterprise. In declaring that
primitives, ‘moved by a need or a desire to understand the world
around them, . . . proceed by intellectual means, exactly as a
philosopher, or even to some extent a scientist, can and would do’,
Lévi-Strauss seems indistinguishable from Tylor.

quantitatively. It focuses on the observable, sensible aspects of
phenomena rather than, like modern thinking, on the
unobservable, insensible ones:
For these men [i.e. primitives] . . . the world is made up of minerals,
plants, animals, noises, colors, textures, ﬂavors, odors. . . . What
separates the savage thought from [modern] scientiﬁc thought is
perfectly clear – and it is not a greater or lesser thirst for logic. Myths
manipulate those qualities of perception that modern thought, at
the birth of modern science, exorcised from science.
(Lévi-Strauss, in André Akoun et al., ‘A Conversation
with Claude Lévi-Strauss’, p. 39)

Myth

Yet antithetically to Tylor, Lévi-Strauss considers myth no less
scientiﬁc than modern science. Myth is simply part of the ‘science
of the concrete’ rather than of the science of the abstract:
[T]here are two distinct modes of scientiﬁc thought. These are
certainly not a function of different stages of the human mind but
rather of two strategic levels at which nature is accessible to
scientiﬁc enquiry: one roughly adapted to that of perception and the
imagination: the other at a remove from it.
(Lévi-Strauss, The Savage Mind, p. 15)

Where for Tylor myth is the primitive counterpart to science per se,
for Lévi-Strauss myth is the primitive counterpart to modern
science. Myth is primitive science, but not thereby inferior science.
If myth is an instance of primitive thinking because it deals with
concrete, tangible phenomena, it is an instance of thinking itself
because it classiﬁes phenomena. Lévi-Strauss maintains that all
humans think in the form of classiﬁcations, speciﬁcally pairs of
oppositions, and project them onto the world. Many cultural
phenomena express these oppositions. Myth is distinctive in
resolving or, more accurately, tempering the oppositions it
expresses. Where for Tylor myth is like science precisely because it
30

goes beyond observation to explanation, for Lévi-Strauss myth is
outright scientiﬁc because it goes beyond the recording
of observed contradictions to the tempering of them. Those
contradictions are to be found not in the plot or myth but in what
Lévi-Strauss famously calls the ‘structure’, and the approach to
myth that is thereby called ‘structuralist’ will be accorded a chapter
of its own, Chapter 7, in which the myth of Adonis will be analysed
at length.

Robin Horton

Horton does not contest Tylor’s equation of religion with
personalistic explanations and of science with impersonal ones. But
he breaks with Tylor in relegating the matter – an obsession for
Tylor – to a mere ‘difference in the idiom of the explanatory quest’.
Antithetically to Tylor, Horton considers the use of personal causes
to explain events no less empirical than the use of impersonal ones –
though, as with Tylor and as against Lévi-Strauss, still not scientiﬁc.
Tylor attributes personalistic explanations to the less critical
thinking of primitives. They take the ﬁrst kind of explanation at
hand. Like children, they analogize to the familiar explanations of
human behaviour. Horton also assumes that primitives draw on
31

Myth and science

Tylor’s preoccupation with mythic and religious explanations as
personalistic and with scientiﬁc explanations as impersonal has
been challenged by the English anthropologist Robin Horton
(b. 1932), who has spent his career in Nigeria. Horton follows Tylor
so much that he is called a ‘neo-Tylorian’ – a label intended to be
pejorative but one accepted by him with pride. Like Tylor, Horton
deems both religion and science explanations of the physical world.
Like Tylor, Horton deems the religious explanation primitive, for
which he prefers the less offensive term ‘traditional’, and deems the
scientiﬁc one modern. Like Tylor, Horton deems the explanations
mutually exclusive. While Horton does not focus on myth in
particular, myth for him, as for Tylor, is part of religion.

Myth

what they are familiar with, but he maintains that moderns do so
as well. For Horton, familiar phenomena are ones that evince
order and regularity. Because in ‘complex, rapidly changing
industrial societies the human scene is in ﬂux’, order and
regularity are to be found instead ‘in the world of inanimate
things’. Therefore the mind in quest of explanatory analogies
turns most readily to the inanimate’. By contrast, in African
societies order and regularity ‘are far less evident’ in the
inanimate world than in the human one, where ‘being less at
home with people than with things is unimaginable’. Therefore
‘the mind in quest of explanatory analogies turns naturally to
people and their relations’. That African religion credits events
to the decisions of person-like entities thus makes solid
theoretical sense.
Horton departs most fully from Tylor in distinguishing between
religious and scientiﬁc explanations on the grounds of context
rather than of content. Adopting the terminology of Karl Popper,
Horton argues that religious explanations operate in a ‘closed’
society, where scientiﬁc explanations operate in an ‘open’ one. In a
closed, or uncritical, society ‘there is no developed awareness of
alternatives to the established body of theoretical tenets’. An open
society is a self-critical one, in which ‘such awareness is highly
developed’. In a closed society the prevailing tenets, because never
challenged, assume a sacred status, any challenge to which would
constitute blasphemy. In an open society the existing beliefs,
because subject to challenge, possess no sacred aura and can
therefore legitimately be assessed.
Like Tylor, Horton would have little to say about the myth of Adonis
and would have far more to say about Genesis 1, which, like Tylor,
he would take unabashedly as a pre-scientiﬁc account of the origin
of the physical world – an account that moderns cannot retain
alongside the scientiﬁc one. Moderns could retain it only by
re-characterizing either its function or its meaning, but just like
Tylor, Horton bars either option.
32

In contrast to Horton, American anthropologist Stewart Guthrie
revives Tylor’s preoccupation with personalistic, or
anthropomorphic, explanations in religion. For Guthrie, as for
Tylor, anthropomorphism constitutes the heart of the religious,
including mythic, explanation. But Guthrie breaks with Horton as
well as with Tylor in ﬁnding anthropomorphism in science as well
as in religion. Where for both Horton and Tylor anthropomorphism
is an exclusively primitive way of explaining the world, for Guthrie
it is a nearly universal one.

Karl Popper

Going even further, Popper maintains that there are scientiﬁc as
well as religious myths – this antithetically to Tylor, himself never
cited by Popper. The difference between scientiﬁc and religious
myths is not in their content but in the attitude towards them.
Where religious myths are accepted dogmatically, scientiﬁc myths
are questioned:
My thesis is that what we call ‘science’ is differentiated from the
older myths not by being something distinct from a myth, but by
being accompanied by a second-order tradition – that of critically
discussing the myth. Before, there was only the ﬁrst-order tradition.
33

Myth and science

Karl Popper (1902–94), the Viennese-born philosopher of science
who eventually settled in England, breaks even more radically than
Horton with Tylor. First, Tylor never explains how science ever
emerged, for religion, including myth, provides a comprehensive
and seemingly nonfalsiﬁable explanation of all events in the
physical world. Second, science for Tylor does not build on myth but
simply replaces it. For Popper, science emerges out of myth – not,
however, out of the acceptance of myth but out of the criticism of it:
‘Thus, science must begin with myths, and with the criticism of
myths’. By ‘criticism’ Popper means not rejection but assessment,
which becomes scientiﬁc when it takes the form of subjection to
attempts to falsify the truth claims made.

A deﬁnite story was handed on. Now there was still, of course, a
story to be handed on, but with it went something like a silent
accompanying text of a second-order character: ‘I hand it on to you,
but tell me what you think of it. Think it over. Perhaps you can give
us a different story.’ . . . We shall understand that, in a certain sense,
science is myth-making just as religion is.
(Popper, Conjectures and Refutations, p. 127)

Myth

Popper even maintains that scientiﬁc theories remain myth-like, for
theories, like myths, can never be proved, only disproved, and
therefore ‘remain essentially uncertain or hypothetical’.
It is not clear what Popper would be able to say of the myth of
Adonis. The myths that grab him are creation myths, for they make
bold conjectures about the origin of the world and thereby start the
process of scientiﬁc theorizing. For the proverbial record, the same
Popper wrote a book entitled The Myth of the Framework and by
‘myth’ there means what William Rubinstein means in The Myth of
Rescue: a staunchly held false conviction, one not to be further
tested but to be abandoned!
Like Popper, the English classical philosopher F. M. Cornford
(1874–1943) argued that Greek science grew out of myth and
religion, but he limits himself to the content and considers not at all
the attitude. For Cornford, science perpetuates, albeit in secular
form, religious and mythical beliefs. Cornford contends that Greek
science only subsequently severed its ties to religion and became
empirical science. Cornford later argued that Greek science never
severed its ties to religion and never became empirical science.
Tylor himself does contrast the testability of science to the
untestability of myth, but he never speciﬁes the nature of the test:
We are being trained to the facts of physical science, which we can
test and test again, and we feel it a fall from this high level of proof
when we turn our minds to the old records which elude such testing,
34

and are even admitted on all hands to contain statements not to be
relied on.
(Tylor, Primitive Culture, vol. I, p. 280)

Yet Tylor must grant primitives some capacity for criticism, for how
else to account for the eventual replacement of myth by science?
Who save the last generation of primitives was present to create
science, to substitute it for myth, and to forge modernity?

Myth and science

35

Chapter 2
Myth and philosophy

The relationship between myth and science overlaps with the
relationship between myth and philosophy, so that many of the
theorists considered in the previous chapter could have been
considered here instead. Yet there is an even greater array of
positions held on the relationship between myth and philosophy:
that myth is part of philosophy, that myth is philosophy,
that philosophy is myth, that myth grows out of philosophy, that
philosophy grows out of myth, that myth and philosophy are
independent of each other but serve the same function, and that
myth and philosophy are independent of each other and serve
different functions.

Paul Radin
Recall that where Tylor and Frazer alike subsumed both myth and
science under philosophy, Lévy-Bruhl, in reaction, set myth against
both science and philosophy. For him, primitive identiﬁcation with
the world, as evinced in myth, is the opposite of the detachment
from the world demanded by science and philosophy.
In turn, the most abrupt reaction to Lévy-Bruhl came from the
Polish-born anthropologist Paul Radin (1883–1959), who arrived in
America as an infant. The title of his key book, Primitive Man as
Philosopher, is self-explanatory. Though oddly Radin never
36

mentions Tylor here, he in effect revives Tylor’s view, while at once
qualifying and extending it. Radin grants that most primitives are
far from philosophical but observes that so are most persons in any
culture. He distinguishes between the average person, the ‘man of
action’, and the exceptional person, the ‘thinker’:
The former [i.e. the man of action] is satisﬁed that the world
exists and that things happen. Explanations are of secondary
consequence. He is ready to accept the ﬁrst one that comes to hand.
At bottom it is a matter of utter indifference. He does, however,
show a predilection for one type of explanation as opposed to
another. He prefers an explanation in which the purely mechanical
relation between a series of events is speciﬁcally stressed. His
mental rhythm – if I may be permitted to use this term – is
characterized by a demand for endless repetition of the same event
Now the rhythm of the thinker is quite different. The postulation of
a mechanical relation between events does not sufﬁce. He insists on
a description couched either in terms of a gradual progress and
evolution from one to many and from simple to complex, or on the
postulation of a cause and effect relation.
(Radin, Primitive Man as Philosopher, pp. 232–3)

Both ‘types of temperament’ are to be found in all cultures, and in
the same proportion. If Lévy-Bruhl is therefore wrong to deny that
any primitives are thinkers, Tylor is equally wrong to assume that all
are. But those primitives who are get credited by Radin with a
philosophical prowess far keener than that granted even mythmakers by Tylor, who calls them ‘savage philosophers’. For Radin,
primitive speculations, found most fully in myths, do more than
account for events in the physical world, as, alas, the myth of Adonis
could at most be said to do. Myths deal with metaphysical topics of
all kinds, such as the ultimate components of reality. Contrary to
Tylor, primitives, furthermore, are capable of rigorous criticism:
it is manifestly unfair to contend that primitive people are deﬁcient
37

Myth and philosophy

or, at best, of events all of which are on the same general level. . . .

either in the power of abstract thought or in the power of arranging
these thoughts in a systematic order, or, ﬁnally, of subjecting them
and their whole environment to an objective critique.
(Radin, Primitive Man as Philosopher, p. 384)

Likely for Radin, as deﬁnitely for Karl Popper and Robin Horton,
the capacity for criticism is the hallmark of thinking.

Myth

Ernst Cassirer
A far less dismissive reaction to Lévy-Bruhl came from the Germanborn philosopher Ernst Cassirer (1874–1945). For Cassirer, wholly
following Lévy-Bruhl, mythic, or ‘mythopoeic’, thinking is primitive,
is laden with emotion, is part of religion, and is the projection of
mystical oneness onto the world. Yet Cassirer claims to be breaking
sharply with Lévy-Bruhl in asserting that mythic thinking has its
own brand of logic. In actuality, Lévy-Bruhl says the same and
invents the term ‘prelogical’ exactly to avoid labelling mythic
thinking ‘illogical’ or ‘nonlogical’. Cassirer also claims to be breaking
with Lévy-Bruhl in stressing the autonomy of myth as a form of
knowledge – language, art, and science being the other main forms:
But though a subordination of myth to a general system of symbolic
forms seems imperative, it presents a certain danger. . . . [I]t may
well lead to a leveling of the intrinsic [i.e. distinctive] form of myth.
And indeed there has been no lack of attempts to explain myth by
reducing it to another form of cultural life, whether knowledge [i.e.
science], art, or language.
(Cassirer, The Philosophy of Symbolic Forms, vol. II, p. 21)

Yet Cassirer simultaneously maintains, no differently from LévyBruhl, that myth is incompatible with science and that science
succeeds it: ‘Science arrives at its own form only by rejecting all
mythical and metaphysical ingredients.’ For both Cassirer and
Lévy-Bruhl, myth is exclusively primitive and science exclusively
modern. Still, Cassirer’s characterization of myth as a form of
38

knowledge – as one of humanity’s symbol-making, world-creating
activities – puts myth in the same genus as science, which is not
quite where Lévy-Bruhl would put it.
Subsequently, Cassirer came to see myth as not merely primitive but
also modern. Fleeing to America from Hitler’s Germany, he came to
focus on modern political myths, above all those of Nazism. Myth
here amounts to ideology. Having previously concentrated on
ethereal, epistemological issues, Cassirer now turns to brute, social
scientiﬁc ones: how do political myths take and keep hold? Having
previously scorned Lévy-Bruhl’s supposed stress on the irrationality
of myth, Cassirer now embraces it:
In all critical moments of man’s social life, the rational forces that
resist the rise of the old mythical conceptions are no longer sure of
(Cassirer, The Myth of the State, p. 280)

Tying myth to magic and magic to a desperate effort to control the
world, Cassirer applies to modern myths the explication of
primitive myths by, especially, Bronislaw Malinowski:
This description [by Malinowski] of the role of magic and
mythology in primitive society applies equally well to highly
advanced stages of man’s political life. In desperate situations man
will always have recourse to desperate means.
(Cassirer, The Myth of the State, p. 279)

Cassirer departs from Malinowski in making the uncontrollable
world the social rather than the physical one, in conferring on myth
itself magical potency, and most of all in seeing myth as modern.
But there is a catch: modern myths constitute an atavistic revival of
primitivism.
Where previously Cassirer analysed myth as quasi-philosophy, now
he cuts off myth from philosophy. Myth now is anything but a form
39

Myth and philosophy

themselves. In these moments the time for myth has come again.

of knowledge with a distinctive logic to be teased out. The
marginalized role left philosophy is to challenge political myths:
It is beyond the power of philosophy to destroy the political myths.
A myth is in a sense invulnerable. It is impervious to rational
arguments; it cannot be refuted by syllogisms. But philosophy can
do us another important service. It can make us understand the
adversary. . . . When we ﬁrst heard of the political myths we found
them so absurd and incongruous, so fantastic and ludicrous that we
could hardly be prevailed upon to take them seriously. By now it has
become clear to all of us that this was a great mistake. . . . We should
carefully study the origin, the structure, the methods, and the
technique of the political myths. We should see the adversary face to
face in order to know how to combat him.

Myth

(Cassirer, The Myth of the State, p. 296)

It is hard to see how this proposed study of political myths is
really a task for philosophy rather than for social science. Myth
is now not merely prelogical but outright illogical – a position
far more extreme than that for which Cassirer castigates
Lévy-Bruhl!

The Frankforts
The fullest application to philosophy of the theories of Lévy-Bruhl
and of Cassirer came in a 1946 book entitled The Intellectual
Adventure of Ancient Man: An Essay on Speculative Thought in the
Ancient Near East by a group of Near Eastern specialists. When
republished in paperback in 1949, this title and subtitle were
relegated to a double subtitle, and the book was given a new
main title that was a give-away: Before Philosophy. According to
Henri and H. A. Frankfort, who provide the theory, ancient
Near Eastern peoples lived at a primitive stage of culture that
is properly labelled ‘pre-philosophical’. The subsumption of
ancient under primitive harks back to Tylor and Frazer. Moderns,
contend the Frankforts, think ‘philosophically’, which means
40

abstractly, critically, and unemotionally. The ﬁeld of philosophy
is only one area employing philosophical thinking, and the true
exemplar of ‘philosophical’ thinking is science. Tylor, Lévy-Bruhl,
and others likewise use the term ‘philosophy’ this broadly, as
almost synonymous with ‘intellectual’, and likewise deem
science the purest manifestation of it. Antithetically to
moderns, assert the Frankforts, primitives think
‘mythopoeically’, which means concretely, uncritically, and
emotionally. Mythology is but one, if the richest, expression
of mythopoeic thinking.

To say that primitives experience the world as Thou rather than as
It is to say that they experience it as a person rather than a thing.
The coming of rain after a drought is ascribed not to atmospheric
changes but to, say, the defeat of a rival god by the rain god, as
described in myth. To understand the world as Thou is to efface
various everyday, I–It distinctions. Primitives fail to distinguish
between the merely subjective and the objective: they see the sun
rise and set, not the earth circling it; they see colours, not
wavelengths. They fail to distinguish between appearance and
reality: the stick is crooked in the water rather than merely seeming
to be so; dreams are real because experienced as real. Primitives fail
to distinguish between a symbol and the symbolized: a name is
identical with its possessor; the re-enactment of a myth means its
recurrence, as we shall see in the discussion of Frazer’s theory in
Chapter 4.
41

Myth and philosophy

In fact, philosophical and mythopoeic ways of thinking are
more than different conceptions of the world. They are different
perceptions of the world, just as for Lévy-Bruhl. The ‘fundamental
difference’ is that for moderns the external world is an ‘It’, where for
primitives it is a ‘Thou’ – terms taken from the Jewish philosopher
Martin Buber. An I–It relationship is detached and intellectual.
An I–Thou one is involved and emotional – the confusing original
main title of the Frankforts’ book aside. The paradigmatic I–Thou
relationship is love.

Myth

Ancient Egyptians and Mesopotamians, argue the Frankforts, lived
in a wholly mythopoeic world. The move from mythopoeic to
philosophical thinking began with the Israelites, who fused many
gods into one god and placed that god outside of nature. The
Israelites thereby paved the way for the Greeks, who transformed
that personal god into one or more impersonal forces underlying
nature, or appearance. The ﬁnal ‘demythicizing’ of nature awaited
only the transformation of Presocratic imagination into
experimental science.
There are many problems with the Frankforts’ thesis. First, at times
mythopoeism seems no more than Tylor’s animism, which credits
primitives with the same mentality as that of moderns. Second,
Buber’s I–Thou does not involve the experience of a thing as a
person, only of a person as a person. Third, any phenomenon can
surely be experienced as both an It and a Thou: consider, for
example, a pet and a patient. Fourth, no culture could engage
nature exclusively as Thou yet be detached enough to, say, raise
crops. Fifth, the characterization of ancient Near Eastern cultures
as wholly mythopoeic, of Israel as largely nonmythopoeic, and
of Greece as wholly scientiﬁc is embarrassingly simplistic, as
F. M. Cornford on Greek science makes clear.
Still, the Frankforts are to be commended for trying to apply
Lévy-Bruhl’s abstract theory to speciﬁc cases. Following Lévy-Bruhl
and Cassirer, they at heart argue that myths, while themselves
stories, presuppose a distinctive mentality. Ironically, the
Frankforts’ strongest criticism of Lévy-Bruhl is the same as
Cassirer’s and is equally misplaced: it is Lévy-Bruhl himself who
insists that primitive thinking is distinctive but not illogical.
The application of the Frankforts to the myth of Adonis would be
the same as Lévy-Bruhl’s: it would focus on Adonis’ emotional
identiﬁcation with the world and consequent inability to see the
world straight.

42

Rudolf Bultmann and Hans Jonas
As philosophical as the approach to myth of especially earlier
Cassirer is, he never contends that myth is philosophy. The
theorists who do so are the German theologian Rudolf Bultmann
(1884–1976) and the German-born philosopher Hans Jonas
(1903–93), who eventually settled in the United States. The two
not only take the meaning of myth from philosophy – from early,
existentialist Martin Heidegger – but also conﬁne themselves to the
issue of meaning. Neither the origin nor the function of myth
interests them. Myth is for them part of no activity. Like some
armchair anthropologists, they treat myth as an autonomous text,
but unlike Tylor, they do not even speculate from their armchairs
about how myth arose or worked.

Albert Camus
A more concrete example of the reduction of myth to philosophy
is to be found in the celebrated interpretation of the Greek myth of
Sisyphus by Albert Camus (1913–60), the French existentialist
writer. Among the ﬁgures whom the hero Odysseus encounters in
Tartarus, the part of Hades reserved for those who have offended
Zeus, is Sisyphus, whose eternal punishment is to have to push a
huge stone up a steep hill, only for it to roll back down every time
just as he nears the top. As Odysseus describes the sight,
43

Myth and philosophy

Undeniably, both Bultmann and Jonas translate myth into
existentialist terms in order to make its meaning palatable to
moderns, but they do not consider why myth is needed, especially
when the message is the same as that conveyed by philosophy. They
do not, for example, propose that myth, like literature for Aristotle,
is a more accessible way of conveying abstract truths. Because
the mythologies they study – the New Testament for Bultmann,
Gnosticism for Jonas – are nevertheless religious and not merely
philosophical, their theories will be considered more fully in the
next chapter, on myth and religion.

Also I saw Sisyphos. He was suffering strong pains,
and with both arms embracing the monstrous stone, struggling
with hands and feet alike, he would try to push the stone upward
to the crest of the hill, but when it was on the point of going
over the top, the force of gravity turned it backward,
and the pitiless stone rolled back down to the level. He then
tried once more to push it up, straining hard, and sweat ran
all down his body, and over his head a cloud of dust rose.

Myth

(Homer, The Odyssey, lines 593–600)

Homer does not disclose what Sisyphus’ misdeed was, and ancient
authorities differ. Still, for all ancients, Sisyphus was to be pitied.
For Camus, he is to be admired. Rather than embodying the fate
that awaits those few human beings who dare to defy the gods,
Sisyphus symbolizes the fate of all humans who ﬁnd themselves
condemned to live in a world without gods. He is admirable because
he accepts the absurdity of human existence, which is less unfair
than pointless. Instead of giving up and committing suicide, he toils
on, even while fully aware that his every attempt will prove futile.
His is the only kind of heroism that a meaningless, because godless,
world allows. Camus uses the myth of Sisyphus to dramatize the
human condition.
The myth of Sisyphus was no less a part of a religion than the myths
analysed by Bultmann and Jonas were – and for Bultmann still
are. But Camus, just like Bultmann and Jonas, treats myth as an
autonomous text, severed from any practising, institutionalized
religion. For all three, myth is a philosophical tale, for after all, myth
for them is philosophy.

44

3. Sisyphus in Tartarus, 18th-century engraving by B. Picart

Chapter 3
Myth and religion

To approach myth from the ﬁeld of religious studies is naturally to
subsume myth under religion but is thereby to expose myth to the
challenge to religion from science. Twentieth-century theories from
religious studies have sought to reconcile myth with science by
reconciling religion with science.
There have been two main strategies for reconciling the two. One
tactic has been to re-characterize the subject matter of religion
and therefore of myth. Religion, it has been argued, is not about
the physical world, in which case religion is safe from any
encroachment by science. The myths considered under this
approach to religion are traditional myths, such as biblical and
classical ones, but they are now read symbolically rather than
literally. Myth, it is claimed, has been taken to be at odds with
science because it has been misread. Tylor’s tirade against the moral
allegorizers and the euhemerists for taking myth other than literally
epitomizes this misreading of myth – by Tylor himself!
The other tactic has been to elevate seemingly secular phenomena
to religious ones. As part of this elevation, myth is no longer
conﬁned to explicitly religious ancient tales. There are now overtly
secular modern myths as well. For example, stories about heroes
are at face value about mere human beings, but the humans are
raised so high above ordinary mortals as to become virtual gods. At
46

the same time the actions of these ‘gods’ are not supernatural and
are thus not incompatible with science. This approach retains a
literal reading of myth but re-categorizes the literal status of the
agents in myth.
There is a third tactic: replacing religious myths with secular ones.
This strategy saves myth from the fate of religion by severing myth
from religion. It is thus the opposite of the second tactic: turning
secular myths into religious ones. In uncoupling myth from
religion, this tactic conspicuously falls outside the present
chapter.

Rudolf Bultmann

Taken literally, myth for Bultmann is exactly what it is for
Tylor: a primitive explanation of the world, an explanation
incompatible with a scientiﬁc one, and an explanation
therefore unacceptable to moderns, who by deﬁnition
accept science. Read literally, myth for Bultmann should be
rejected as uncompromisingly as Tylor rejects it. But unlike
Tylor, Bultmann reads myth symbolically. In his celebrated, if
excruciatingly confusing, phrase, he ‘demythologizes’ myth,
which means not eliminating, or ‘demythicizing’, the mythology
but instead extricating its true, symbolic meaning. To seek
evidence of an actual worldwide ﬂood, while dismissing the
miraculous notion of an ark harbouring all species, would be to
demythicize the Noah myth. To interpret the ﬂood as a symbolic
statement about the precariousness of human life would be to
demythologize the myth.
47

Myth and religion

The grandest exponents of a symbolic rendition of traditional
religious myths have been Rudolf Bultmann and Hans Jonas,
both discussed brieﬂy in the previous chapter. As noted, the
two conﬁne themselves to their specialities, Christianity
and Gnosticism, but nevertheless apply to them a theory of
myth per se.

Demythologized, myth ceases to be about the world and turns out to
be about the human experience of the world. Demythologized, myth
ceases to be an explanation at all and becomes an expression, an
expression of what it ‘feels’ like to live in the world. Myth ceases to
be merely primitive and becomes universal. It ceases to be false and
becomes true. It depicts the human condition. In Bultmann’s
words,
The real purpose of myth is not to present an objective picture of
the world as it is, but to express man’s understanding of himself
in the world in which he lives. Myth should be interpreted not
cosmologically, but anthropologically, or better still, existentially.

Myth

(Rudolf Bultmann, ‘New Testament and Mythology’, p. 10)

Taken literally, the New Testament in particular describes a
cosmic battle between good and evil beings for control of
the physical world. These supernatural ﬁgures intervene not
only in the operation of nature, as for Tylor, but also in the
lives of human beings. The beneﬁcent beings direct
humans to do good; the malevolent ones compel them to
do evil. Taken literally, the New Testament describes a
pre-scientiﬁc outlook:
The world is viewed as a three-storied structure, with the earth in
the centre, the heaven above, and the underworld beneath. Heaven
is the abode of God and of celestial beings – the angels. The
underworld is hell, the place of torment. Even the earth is more than
the scene of natural, everyday events, of the trivial round and
common task. It is the scene of the supernatural activity of God and
his angels on the one hand, and of Satan and his daemons on the
other. These supernatural forces intervene in the course of nature
and in all that men think and will and do. Miracles are by no means
rare. Man is not in control of his own life. Evil spirits may take
possession of him. Satan may inspire him with evil thoughts.
Alternatively, God may inspire his thought and guide his purposes.
(Bultmann, ‘New Testament and Mythology’, p. 1)
48

Demythologized, the New Testament still refers in part to
the physical world, but now to a world ruled by a single,
non-anthropomorphic, transcendent God, who does not look
like a human being and who does not intervene miraculously in
the world:
Mythology expresses a certain understanding of human existence. It
believes that the world and human life have their ground and their
limits in a power which is beyond all that we can calculate or
control. Mythology speaks about this power inadequately and
insufﬁciently because it speaks about it as if it were a worldly [i.e.,
physical] power. It [rightly] speaks of gods who represent the power
beyond the visible, comprehensible world. [But] it speaks of gods as
if they were men and of their actions as human actions . . . It may be
said that myths give to the transcendent reality an immanent, this(Bultmann, Jesus Christ and Mythology, p. 19)

Demythologized, God still exists, but Satan becomes a mere
symbol of the evil inclinations within humans. Damnation
refers not to a future place but to one’s present state of mind,
which exists as long as one rejects God. Salvation refers
to one’s state of mind once one accepts God. There is no
physical hell. Hell symbolizes despair over the absence
of God. Heaven refers not to a place in the sky but to joy
in the presence of God. The Kingdom comes not outwardly,
with cosmic upheavals, but inwardly, whenever one embraces
God.
Overall, the New Testament, when demythologized, presents
the opposing ways in which the world is experienced: the
alienation from the world felt by those who have not yet found
God versus the at-homeness in the world felt by those who
have found God. For those without God, the world is cold, callous,
and scary. For those with God, the world is warm, inviting, and
secure.
49

Myth and religion

worldly objectivity.

Taken literally, myth, as a personalistic explanation of the physical
world, is incompatible with science and is therefore unacceptable to
moderns:
Man’s knowledge and mastery of the world have advanced to such
an extent through science and technology that it is no longer
possible for anyone seriously to hold the New Testament view of the
world – in fact, there is no one who does. . . . We no longer believe in
the three-storied universe which the creeds take for granted.
(Bultmann, ‘New Testament and Mythology’, p. 4)

Myth

Once demythologized, however, myth is compatible with science
because it now refers at once to the transcendent, nonphysical
world – as modern religion without myth does for Tylor – and, even
more, to humans’ experience of the physical one.
Bultmann the theologian does not merely urge modern Christians
to accept the New Testament but actually shows them how to do
so – by translating the New Testament into existentialist terms.
His justiﬁcation for the translation is not, however, that otherwise
moderns could not accept the Christian Bible but that its true
meaning has always been existential.
Still, to say that myth is acceptable to scientiﬁcally minded moderns
is not to say why it should be accepted. In providing a modern subject
matter of myth, Bultmann provides no modern function. Perhaps
for him the function is self-evident: describing the human condition.
But why bother describing that condition, and why use myth to do so?
Bultmann cannot contend that myth discloses the human condition,
for he himself enlists philosophy to ﬁnd the same meaning in myth.
Moreover, myth, even when demythologized, is acceptable to
moderns only if the existence of God is. As eager as Bultmann is
to make myth acceptable to scientiﬁcally minded moderns, he is not
prepared to interpret away – to demythicize – God altogether. To
accept the mythology, one must continue to believe in God, however
50

sophisticated the conception. Compatibility with science may
be necessary for the espousal of myth today, but it is far from
sufﬁcient.
What would Bultmann say of the myth of Adonis? Surely he would
contrast the worlds in which Adonis ﬁnds himself. Adonis, never
out of the hovering presence of a smothering goddess, is nurtured
in a womb-like world, one wholly safe and sheltering. So immersed
in it is he that the dangers from the ‘real’ world which, in Ovid’s
version, Venus desperately tries to impress on him simply do not
register. Demythologized, the myth describes opposing experiences
of the world – here not secular versus religious but infantile
versus adult.

Hans Jonas
Hans Jonas argues that ancient Gnosticism presents the same
fundamental view of the human condition as modern
existentialism – but of atheistic rather than, as for Bultmann, of
religious existentialism. Both Gnosticism and existentialism stress
the radical alienation of human beings from the world:
the essence of existentialism is a certain dualism, an estrangement
between man and the world . . . There is [only] one situation . . .
where that condition has been realized and lived out with all the
vehemence of a cataclysmic event. That is the gnostic movement.
(Jonas, The Gnostic Religion, p. 325)
51

Myth and religion

For the record, Bultmann is in fact inconsistent. Despite his
seeming characterization of myth per se as a symbolic expression of
the human condition, he takes literally the ancient mythologies out
of which Christianity arose: those of Jewish apocalyptic and
of Gnosticism. Bultmann thus seems to be restricting
demythologization to Christianity, yet with further inconsistency
he acknowledges his debt to fellow existentialist Jonas’ pioneering
demythologization of Gnosticism!

Myth

But unlike Bultmann, who strives to bridge the gap between
Christianity and modernity, Jonas acknowledges the divide between
Gnosticism and modernity. He is therefore not seeking to win
modern converts to Gnosticism. Because ancient Gnosticism,
unlike mainstream Christianity, sets immateriality against matter,
humans remain alienated from the physical world even after they
have found the true God. In fact, that god can be found only by
rejecting the physical world and its false god. Gnostics overcome
alienation from this world only by transcending it. But then for
Gnostics estrangement is only temporary, where for moderns it is
permanent. Yet for Jonas, Gnostic mythology can still speak to
moderns, and not to modern believers, as for Bultmann, but to
modern sceptics. The mythology can do so because, rightly grasped,
it addresses not the nature of the world but the nature of the
experience of the world – that is, of this world. Like Bultmann,
Jonas seeks to reconcile myth with science by re-characterizing the
subject matter of myth.
To make ancient Gnosticism palatable to moderns, Jonas, like
Bultmann, must bypass those aspects of the myths that encroach
on science by presenting either the origin or the future of the
world. The fact of human alienation from the world, not the source
of it or the solution to it, is the demythologized subject of myth.
Ignored, therefore, are Gnostic descriptions of the godhead, the
emanations, the creator god, and the material world. Ignored
above all is the Gnostic prospect of escape from the material world.
In short, the bulk of Gnostic mythology is reduced to mere
mythology – to be discarded, or demythicized, just like all of
mythology for Tylor.
No more than Bultmann does Jonas offer any function of myth for
moderns. Even if myth serves to express the human condition, why
is it necessary to express that condition at all, let alone through
myth, and again when philosophy already does so? Jonas does not
say. Both he and Bultmann limit themselves to the meaning, or
subject matter, of myth.
52

Ironically, Tylor, Bultmann, and Jonas all write in defence of
myth. The difference is that for Tylor the defence demands the
abandonment of myth in the wake of science, where for Bultmann
and Jonas the defence requires the explication of the true meaning
of myth in the wake of science. That meaning is not a new one
concocted by moderns to save myth. It is the meaning that myth has
always had but that, until pressed by the threat from science, has
not been fully recognized. By forcing moderns to go back to the
hoary text to discover what it has really been saying all along,
science has turned a necessity into a virtue.

Mircea Eliade
Hagiographical biographies of celebrated ﬁgures transform them
into near-gods and their sagas into myths. For example,
immediately after the ﬁrst Gulf War, biographies of the American
supreme commander, ‘Stormin’ Norman’ Schwarzkopf, touted him
53

Myth and religion

Bultmann’s and Jonas’ approach to myth could scarcely be more
opposed to Tylor’s. Tylor takes for granted that to be taken seriously,
myth must be taken literally. For him, the moral allegorizers and
the euhemerists trivialize myth by interpreting it symbolically.
Bultmann and Jonas, as well as such other theorists as Joseph
Campbell, argue the opposite: that myth must be taken symbolically
to be taken seriously. Where Tylor argues that myth is credible to
primitives only because they take it literally, Bultmann and Jonas
argue that myth was most credible to early Christians and ancient
Gnostics because they took it existentially. Where Tylor argues
that myth is incredible to moderns precisely because they rightly
take it literally, Bultmann and Jonas argue that myth is credible to
moderns only in so far as they rightly take it symbolically. Yet Tylor
truly objects not to those theorists who read myth symbolically
for moderns but to those who read it symbolically for primitives.
He would thus berate Bultmann and Jonas far more for what they
say of early Christians and ancient Gnostics than for what they say
of moderns.

Myth

as the smartest and bravest soldier in the world – so much smarter
and braver than anyone else as to make him almost more than
human.
The key theorist here is the Romanian-born historian of religions
Mircea Eliade (1907–86), who spent the last three decades of his life
in the United States. Unlike Bultmann and Jonas, Eliade does not
seek to reconcile myth with science by interpreting myth
symbolically. He reads myth as literally as Tylor does. Unlike
Bultmann and Jonas, Eliade does not alter the apparent function of
myth. For him, as much as for Tylor, myth is an explanation, though,
strictly, of the origin of a phenomenon and not just of its recurrence.
Unlike Bultmann and Jonas, Eliade does not try to update
traditional myths. But rather than, like Tylor, sticking to traditional,
explicitly religious myths, he turns to modern, seemingly
nonreligious ones. Yet instead of trying to reconcile those myths
with science, as Bultmann and Jonas would, he appeals to the sheer
presence of them to argue for their compatibility with science: if

4. Mircea Eliade, Paris, 1978
54

moderns, who for Eliade no less than for the others have science,
also have myth, then myth simply must be compatible with science.
Eliade’s criterion for myth is that a story attribute to its subject a
feat so exceptional as to turn its subject into a superhuman ﬁgure.
Myth describes how, in primaeval, ‘sacred’ time, a god or
near-god created a phenomenon that continues to exist. That
phenomenon can be social or natural – for example, marriage
or rain:
myth tells how, through the deeds of Supernatural Beings, a reality
came into existence, be it the whole of reality, the Cosmos, or only a
fragment of reality – an island, a species of plant, a particular kind of
human behavior, an institution.
(Eliade, Myth and Reality, pp. 5–6)

While myth for Eliade does explain, it does more. Explanation
turns out to be a mere means to an end, which is regeneration.
To hear, to read, and especially to re-enact a myth is magically to
return to the time when the myth took place, the time of the origin
of whatever phenomenon it explains:
But since ritual recitation of the cosmogonic myth implies
reactualization of that primordial event, it follows that he for whom
it is recited is magically projected in illo tempore, into the ‘beginning
of the World’; he becomes contemporary with the cosmogony.
(Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane, p. 82)

Myth works like a magic carpet, albeit one that goes in a single
direction. In returning one to primordial time, myth reunites one
with the gods, for it is then when they are nearest, as the biblical
case of ‘the Lord God[’s] walking in the garden in the cool of the
55

Myth and religion

Where outright gods are credited with creating natural phenomena,
‘culture heroes’ are credited with creating social phenomena. The
mythic feat is creation.

day’ typiﬁes (Genesis 3.8). That ‘reunion’ reverses the post-Edenic
separation from the gods and renews one spiritually:
What is involved is, in short, a return to the original time, the
therapeutic purpose of which is to begin life once again, a symbolic
rebirth.
(Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane, p. 82)

Myth

The ultimate payoff of myth is experiential: encountering divinity.
No theory of myth could be more rooted in religion than Eliade’s.
Clearly, science offers no regenerative function. Science simply
explains. Myth, then, can do things that science cannot. Yet Eliade’s
main argument for the survival of myth is not that it serves a unique
function but that it serves that function for moderns as well as
for primitives. According to Eliade, moderns fancy themselves
scrupulously rational, intellectual, unsentimental, and forwardlooking – in short, scientiﬁc. Yet even they, maintains Eliade,
cannot dispense with myth:
A whole volume could well be written on the myths of modern man,
on the mythologies camouﬂaged in the plays that he enjoys, in the
books that he reads. The cinema, that ‘dream factory,’ takes over and
employs countless mythical motifs – the ﬁght between hero and
monster, initiatory combats and ordeals, paradigmatic ﬁgures and
images (the maiden, the hero, the paradisal landscape, hell, and so
on). Even reading includes a mythological function . . . because,
through reading, the modern man succeeds in obtaining an ‘escape
from time’ comparable to the ‘emergence from time’ effected by
myths. . . . [R]eading projects him out of his personal duration and
incorporates him into other rhythms, makes him live in another
‘history.’
(Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane, p. 205)

Plays, books, and ﬁlms are like myths because they reveal the
existence of another, often earlier, world alongside the everyday
56

one – a world of extraordinary ﬁgures and events akin to those
found in traditional myths. Furthermore, the actions of those
ﬁgures account for the present state of the everyday world. Most of
all, moderns get so absorbed in plays, books, and ﬁlms that they
imagine themselves back in the time of myth. Where Bultmann
and Jonas argue meekly that moderns can have myth, Eliade argues
boldly that they do. If even avowed atheists have myth, then surely
myth is not merely acceptable to moderns, as for Bultmann and
Jonas, but ineluctable. It is pan-human. Where Tylor and Frazer
assume that myth is the victim of the process of secularization,
Eliade argues that no real secularization has occurred. Religion
and, with it, myth remain, just ‘camouﬂaged’.

A modern Adonis would be John F. Kennedy, Jr (1960–99), a
beckoning hero to many and an irresistible sex symbol to women,
who, ignoring Venus-like warnings, died when he recklessly insisted
on ﬂying in weather conditions for which a mere novice like him
was in fact egregiously unprepared. In his plunge to earth he was
even more akin to Icarus and Phaëthon. The widespread mourning
for J. F. K., Jr was exactly for a would-be hero rather than for an
accomplished one.
A more suitable ﬁgure for Eliade would be the indisputable hero
George Washington (1732–99). Revered by all Americans as the
father of the country, Washington ﬁrst served as Commander in
Chief of the Continental Army in the war against the British, who
were ﬁnally defeated in 1781. He then retired from public life but
returned to preside over the Constitutional Convention, where his
support was considered indispensable for the ratiﬁcation of the
Constitution. Washington was unanimously elected the ﬁrst
57

Myth and religion

How to apply Eliade to the case of Adonis, who seems as far from
heroic as can be? Like the other Greek antiheroes Icarus and
Phaëthon, Adonis imagines himself omnipotent. In actuality, he,
like them, is oblivious to the dangers of the world and dies as a
result of his narcissistic foolhardiness.

Myth

5. John F. Kennedy, Jr, on the front cover of Us Weekly, June 2000

President of the United States (by the Electoral College) in 1789,
was then unanimously re-elected, and would have been re-elected
anew had he been willing to serve. He was held in such awe that
many revolutionaries feared that he or his supporters would
establish a monarchy and thereby undo the republican goals for
which the Revolution had been fought. His resistance to this
temptation made him even more revered.
The reverence accorded Washington by Americans in his time
and long afterwards bordered on deiﬁcation, and the treatment of
him constituted virtual worship. Even before he became the ﬁrst
President, let alone while and after he served, there were coins
bearing his image, an unprecedented number of paintings and
sculptures of him, songs and poems praising him, counties
and towns named after him, elaborate celebrations of his
birthdays, and tumultous receptions for him wherever he went.
For Eliade, a myth honours its subject’s establishing something
58

in the physical or social world that continues to this day – in the
case of Founding Father Washington, America itself. A historian’s
description of the birthday celebrations during Washington’s
presidency captures the ‘cult’ of Washington:
By 1791, two years after he took ofﬁce, the ‘monarchical’ and
‘idolatrous’ celebration of his birthday had become a national
custom. There was hardly a town anywhere too small to have at least
one ball or banquet on that day to honor Washington. . . . It was a
national event, equaled only by July Fourth in enthusiasm and
resplendence. The birth of the nation and the birth of Washington
had become commemorative touchstones for the American
people. . . . [T]he observance of Washington’s Birthday took on the
character of a religious rite. . . . Washington’s Birthday was indeed a
sacred day: a time for communion, a time when the sanctity of
the nation, and the strength of the people’s attachment to it, could
be reafﬁrmed.
(Schwartz, George Washington, pp. 77–9)
59

Myth and religion

6. George Washington before Yorktown, 1824–5, by Rembrandt Peale

Long after his death, the celebration of Washington’s birthday,
which even today remains a national holiday, served not merely to
commemorate his deeds but to bring them, and him, alive. Part of
the celebration – the ritual – was the recitation of the highpoints of
his biography – the myth. The bandied American line ‘George
Washington slept here’ evinces the ultimate function of myth of
Eliade: providing contact with a deity.

Myth

Of course, a sceptic can demur. Is a human hero, however revered,
quite a divinity? Is celebration quite equivalent to worship? Does
the celebration of a dead hero’s life really bring the hero back to life?
Do celebrants really believe that they have travelled back in reality
and not merely in their imagination? And in so far as the social
sciences explain the lasting accomplishments of heroes, what is left
for myth to explain? As affecting as Eliade’s effort to secure a ﬁrm
place for myth in the modern, scientiﬁc world is, is it convincing?

60

Chapter 4
Myth and ritual

Myth is commonly taken to be words, often in the form of a story.
A myth is read or heard. It says something. Yet there is an approach
to myth that deems this view of myth artiﬁcial. According to the
myth and ritual, or myth-ritualist, theory, myth does not stand by
itself but is tied to ritual. Myth is not just a statement but an action.
The least compromising form of the theory maintains that all myths
have accompanying rituals and all rituals accompanying myths. In
tamer versions some myths may ﬂourish without rituals or some
rituals without myths. Alternatively, myths and rituals may
originally operate together but subsequently go their separate
ways. Or myths and rituals may arise separately but subsequently
coalesce. Whatever the tie between myth and ritual, the
myth-ritualist theory differs from other theories of myth and
from other theories of ritual in focusing on the tie.

William Robertson Smith
The myth-ritualist theory was pioneered by the Scottish biblicist
and Arabist William Robertson Smith (1846–94). In his Lectures on
the Religion of the Semites Smith argues that belief is central to
modern religion but not to ancient religion, in which ritual was
central. Smith grants that ancients doubtless performed rituals
only for some reason. But the reason was secondary and could even
ﬂuctuate. And rather than a formal declaration of belief, or a creed,
61

the reason was a story, or a myth, which simply described ‘the
circumstances under which the rite ﬁrst came to be established, by
the command or by the direct example of the god’.
Myth itself was ‘secondary’. Where ritual was obligatory, myth was
optional. Where ritual was set, any myth would do. And myth did
not even arise until the original, nonmythic reason given for the
ritual had somehow been forgotten:
the myth is merely the explanation of a religious usage; and
ordinarily it is such an explanation as could not have arisen till the
original sense of the usage had more or less fallen into oblivion.

Myth

(Smith, Lectures on the Religion of the Semites, p. 19)

While Smith was the ﬁrst to argue that myths must be understood
vis-à-vis rituals, the nexus by no means requires that myths and
rituals be of equal importance. For Smith, there would never have
been myth without ritual, whether or not without myth there would
have ceased to be ritual.
Because Adonis was a Semitic god, Smith includes him in his
Lectures. As part of his overall argument that ancient religion had
no sense of sin, so that sacriﬁce – the main ritual – was not penance,
he contrasts the amoral, mythic explanation for the ritualistic
‘wailing and lamentation’ over the dead Adonis to the later,
‘Christian idea that the death of the God-man is a death for the
sins of the people’:
[I]f, as in the Adonis myth, an attempt is made to give some further
account of the annual rite than is supplied by the story that the god
had once been killed and rose again, the explanation offered is
derived from the physical decay and regeneration of nature. The
Canaanite Adonis or Tammuz . . . was regarded by his worshippers
as the source of all natural growth and fertility. His death therefore
meant a temporary suspension of the life of nature . . . And this
death of the life of nature the worshippers lament out of natural
62

sympathy, without any moral idea, just as modern man is touched
with melancholy at the falling of the autumn leaves.
(Smith, Lectures on the Religion of the Semites, p. 392)

In other words, originally, there was just the ritualistic sacriﬁce of
the god Adonis, plus whatever nonmythic reason was given for it.
That ritual involved not only the killing but also the mourning and,
too, the hope for Adonis’ rebirth. Once the reason for the ritual was
forgotten, the myth of Adonis as the dying and rising god of
vegetation was created to account for the ritual. As pagan rather
than Christian, the myth did not judge the killing sinful.

E. B. Tylor
In claiming that myth is an explanation of ritual, Smith was denying
the standard conception of myth, espoused classically by E. B. Tylor.
According to Tylor, let us recall, myth is an explanation of the
physical world, not of ritual, and operates independently of ritual.
Myth is a statement, not an action, and amounts to creed, merely
presented in the form of a story. For Tylor, ritual is to myth as, for
Smith, myth is to ritual: secondary. Where for Smith myth
presupposes ritual, for Tylor ritual presupposes myth. For Tylor,
myth functions to explain the world as an end in itself. Ritual
applies that explanation to control the world. Ritual is the
application, not the subject, of myth. The subject remains the
world. Both because ritual depends on myth and, even more,
because explanation is for Tylor more important than control, myth
is a more important aspect of religion than ritual. Smith might as
63

Myth and ritual

One major limitation of Smith’s theory is that it explains only myth
and not ritual, which is simply presupposed. Another limitation is
that the theory obviously restricts myth to ritual, though Smith does
trace the subsequent development of myth independent of ritual.
Yet in so far as myth as even an explanation of ritual typically
involves the action of a god, myth from the start is about more
than sheer ritual, as Smith himself grants.

Myth

well, then, have been directing himself against Tylor in stating that
‘religion in primitive times was not a system of beliefs with practical
applications’ but instead ‘a body of ﬁxed traditional practices’.
Smith is like Tylor in one key respect. For both, myth is wholly
ancient. Modern religion is without myth – and without ritual as
well. Myth and ritual are not merely ancient but primitive. In fact,
for both Tylor and Smith, ancient religion is but a case of primitive
religion, which is the fundamental foil to modern religion. Where
for Tylor modern religion is without myth and ritual because it is no
longer about the physical world and is instead a combination of
ethics and metaphysics, for Smith modern religion is without myth
and ritual because it is a combination of ethics and creed. For Tylor,
modern religion, because bereft of myth, is a come-down from its
ancient and primitive height. For Smith, modern religion, because
severed from myth and, even more, from ritual, is a leap beyond
its ancient and primitive beginnings. The epitome of modern
religion for Smith is his own vigorously anti-ritualistic, because
anti-Catholic, Presbyterianism. The main criticism to be made of
both Tylor and Smith is their conﬁnement of myth and ritual alike
to ancient and primitive religion.

J. G. Frazer
In the several editions of The Golden Bough J. G. Frazer developed
the myth-ritualist theory far beyond that of his friend Smith, to
whom he dedicates the work. While The Golden Bough is best
known for its tripartite division of all culture into the stages of
magic, religion, and science, the bulk of the tome in fact concerns
an intermediate stage between religion and science – a stage of
magic and religion combined. Only in this in-between stage, itself
still ancient and primitive, is myth-ritualism to be found, for only
here do myths and rituals work together.
Frazer, rarely consistent, actually presents two distinct versions of
myth-ritualism. In the ﬁrst version, the one already discussed in
64

Chapter 1, myth describes the life of the god of vegetation, the chief
god of the pantheon, and ritual enacts the myth describing his
death and rebirth. The ritual operates on the basis of the magical
Law of Similarity, according to which the imitation of an action
causes it to happen. The clearest example of this brand of magic
is voodoo. The ritual directly manipulates the god of vegetation,
not vegetation itself, but as the god goes, so automatically goes
vegetation. That vegetation is under the direct control of a god is
the legacy of religion. That vegetation can be controlled, even if
only indirectly through the god, is the legacy of magic. The
combination of myth and ritual is the combination of religion
and magic:
Thus the old magical theory of the seasons was displaced, or
rather supplemented, by a religious theory. For although men now
attributed the annual cycle of change primarily to corresponding
magical rites they could aid the god who was the principle of life, in
his struggle with the opposing principle of death. They imagined
that they could recruit his failing energies and even raise him from
the dead.
(Frazer, The Golden Bough, p. 377)

The ritual is performed when one wants winter to end, presumably
when stored-up provisions are running low. A human being, often
the king, plays the role of the god and acts out what he thereby
magically induces the god to do.
In Frazer’s second, till now unmentioned, version of myth-ritualism
the king is central. Here the king does not merely act
the part of the god but is himself divine, by which Frazer means
that the god resides in him. Just as the health of vegetation
depends on the health of its god, so now the health of the god
depends on the health of the king: as the king goes, so goes the
god of vegetation, and so in turn goes vegetation itself. To ensure
a steady supply of food, the community kills its king while he is
65

Myth and ritual

changes in their deities, they still thought that by performing certain

still in his prime and thereby safely transfers the soul of the god
to his successor:
For [primitives] believe . . . that the king’s life or spirit is so
sympathetically bound up with the prosperity of the whole country,
that if he fell ill or grew senile the cattle would sicken and cease to
multiply, the crops would rot in the ﬁelds, and men would perish of
widespread disease. Hence, in their opinion, the only way of
averting these calamities is to put the king to death while he is still
hale and hearty, in order that the divine spirit which he has
inherited from his predecessors may be transmitted in turn by him
to his successor while it is still in full vigour and has not yet been
impaired by the weakness of disease and old age.

Myth

(Frazer, The Golden Bough, pp. 312–13)

The king is killed either at the end of a short term or at the ﬁrst sign
of inﬁrmity. As in the ﬁrst version, the aim is to end winter, which
now is attributed to the weakening of the king. How winter can
ever, let alone annually, ensue if the king is removed at or even
before the onset of any debilitation, Frazer never explains.
In any event this second version of myth-ritualism has proved the
more inﬂuential by far, even though it actually provides only a
tenuous link between religious myth and magical ritual. Instead
of enacting the myth of the god of vegetation, the ritual simply
changes the residence of the god. The king dies not in imitation of
the death of the god but as a sacriﬁce to preserve the health of the
god. What part myth plays here, it is not easy to see. Instead of
reviving the god by magical imitation, the ritual revives the god by a
transplant.
In Frazer’s ﬁrst, truly myth-ritualist scenario myth arises prior to
ritual rather than, as for Smith, after it. The myth that gets enacted
in the combined stage emerges in the stage of religion and therefore
antedates the ritual to which it is applied. In the combined stage
myth, as for Smith, explains the point of ritual, but from the outset.
66

Myth gives ritual its original and sole meaning. Without the myth of
the death and rebirth of that god, the death and rebirth of the god of
vegetation would scarcely be ritualistically enacted. Still, myth for
Frazer, as for Tylor, is an explanation of the world – of the course of
vegetation – and not just, as for Smith, of ritual. But for Frazer,
unlike Tylor, explanation is only a means to control, so that myth is
the ancient and primitive counterpart to applied science rather
than, as for Tylor, to scientiﬁc theory. Ritual may still be the
application of myth, but myth is subordinate to ritual.
The severest limitation of Frazer’s myth-ritualism is not only that it,
like Smith’s, precludes modern myths and rituals but also that it
restricts even ancient and primitive myth-ritualism to myths about
the god of vegetation, and really only to myths about the death and
rebirth of that god.

Frazer locates the celebrated potted gardens of Adonis in his ﬁrst,
magical stage. In this stage humans believe that impersonal forces
rather than gods cause events in the physical world. Ancient Greeks
would have been planting seeds in earth-ﬁlled pots not to persuade
a god to grant growth but, by the magical Law of Similarity, to force
the impersonal earth itself to grow: ‘For ignorant people suppose
that by mimicking the effect which they desire to produce they
actually help to produce it.’ Because there are no gods in this stage,
Adonis can hardly be a god of vegetation. Rather, he is vegetation
itself. Vegetation does not symbolize Adonis; Adonis symbolizes
vegetation.
In Frazer’s second, religious stage gods replace magical laws as the
67

Myth and ritual

Where Smith discusses the case of Adonis only in passing,
Frazer makes Adonis a key example of the myth and ritual of the
dying-and-rising god of vegetation. Consistently or not, Frazer
actually places Adonis in all three of his pre-scientiﬁc stages of
culture: those of magic, of religion, and of magic and religion
combined.

Myth

source of events in the physical world, so that Adonis becomes, at
least on the literal level, the god of vegetation. As the god of
vegetation, Adonis could, most simply, have been asked for crops.
Or the request could have been reinforced by obedience to the god’s
ritualistic and ethical dictates. Frazer himself writes that rites of
mourning were performed for Adonis – not, as in the next stage, to
undo his death but to seek his forgiveness for it. For Adonis has died
not, as in the next stage, because he has descended to the
Underworld but because in cutting, stamping, and grinding the
corn – the speciﬁc part of vegetation he symbolizes – humans have
killed him. Rather than ‘the natural decay of vegetation in general
under the summer heat or the winter cold’, the death of Adonis is
‘the violent destruction of the corn by man’. Yet Adonis is somehow
still sufﬁciently alive to be capable of punishing humans, something
that the rituals of forgiveness are intended to avert. Since, however,
Adonis dies because vegetation itself does, the god is here really, as
in the ﬁrst stage, only a metaphor for the element that he
supposedly controls. Again, as vegetation goes, so goes Adonis.
In Frazer’s third, combined stage Adonis seems at last a god. If in
stage two as vegetation goes, so goes Adonis, now as Adonis goes, so
seemingly goes vegetation. Adonis’ death means his descent to the
Underworld for his stay with Persephone. Frazer assumes that
whether or not Adonis has willed his descent, he is too weak to
ascend by himself. By acting out his rebirth, humans facilitate it. On
the one hand the enactment employs the magical Law of Similarity.
On the other hand the enactment does not, as in the ﬁrst stage,
compel but only bolsters Adonis, who, despite his present state of
death, is yet hearty enough to revive himself, just not unassisted.
In this stage gods still control the physical world, but their effect on
it is automatic rather than deliberate. To enact the rebirth of Adonis
is to spur his rebirth and, through it, the rebirth of vegetation.
Yet even in this stage the sole aspect of Adonis’ life considered by
Frazer is that which parallels the annual course of vegetation: Adonis’
death and rebirth. Adonis’ otherwise unnatural life, beginning with
68

7. The Green Corn fertility dance of the Minatarees of North America, 19th-century
illustration by George Catlin

his incestuous birth, is ignored. Ignored above all is Adonis’ ﬁnal
death, the unnatural cause – killing, even murder – aside. And so
Frazer must do. For if Adonis’ life is to symbolize the course of
vegetation, Adonis must continually die and be reborn. Yet he does
not. By whatever means Adonis in Apollodorus’ version overcomes
death annually, he does not do so indeﬁnitely. In Ovid’s version
Adonis has never before died and been reborn, and Venus is
disconsolate exactly because he is gone once and for all. How, then,
can his short, mortal life symbolize eternal rebirth, and how can he
be a god? Frazer never says.
Finally, Frazer, once again oblivious to consistency, simultaneously
declares Adonis’ life in even the combined stage to be but a symbol
of the course of vegetation itself: the myth that Adonis spent a
portion of the year in the Underworld

Myth

is explained most simply and naturally by supposing that he
represented vegetation, especially the corn, which lies buried in the
earth half the year and reappears above ground the other half.
(Frazer, The Golden Bough, p. 392)

Adonis now proves to be not the cause of the fate of vegetation but
only a metaphor for that fate, so that in stage three as well as in
stage two as vegetation goes, so goes Adonis, and not vice versa.
How myth-ritualism is possible when there is no longer a god to be
ritualistically revived and when there is only a description, not an
explanation, of the course of vegetation is not easy to see. In now
taking mythology as a symbolic description of natural processes,
Frazer is like a group of largely German nineteenth-century
theorists known appropriately as nature mythologists.

Jane Harrison and S. H. Hooke
The next stage in the myth-ritualist theory came with Jane Harrison
(1850–1928) and S. H. Hooke (1874–1968), the English leaders of
the initial main groups of myth-ritualists: classicists and biblicists.
70

Their positions are close. Both largely follow Frazer’s ﬁrst mythritualist scheme, though Hooke, nearly as inconsistent as Frazer,
sometimes follows the second scheme. Unlike Frazer, Hooke and
Harrison postulate no distinct, prior stages of magic and of religion.
Both begin instead with the equivalent of Frazer’s combined stage.
Like Frazer, they deem myth-ritualism the ancient and primitive
counterpart to modern science, which replaces not only
myth-ritualism but myth and ritual per se. Harrison and Hooke
follow Frazer most of all in their willingness to see heretofore
elevated, superior religions – those of Hellenic Greece and of
biblical Israel – as primitive. The conventional, pious view had
been, and often continues to be, that Greece and Israel stood
above the benighted magical endeavours of their neighbours.

Against Smith, Harrison and Hooke alike deny vigorously that myth
is an explanation of ritual: ‘The myth’, states Harrison, ‘is not an
attempted explanation of either facts or rites.’ But she and Hooke
really mean no more than Frazer. Myth is still an explanation of
what is presently happening in the ritual, just not of how the ritual
arose. Myth is like the sound in a ﬁlm or the narration of a
pantomime. Writes Hooke: ‘In general the spoken part of a ritual
consists of a description of what is being done . . . This is the sense
71

Myth and ritual

Venturing beyond both Frazer and Hooke, Harrison adds to the
ritual of the renewal of vegetation the ritual of initiation into
society. She even argues that the original ritual, while still
performed annually, was exclusively initiatory. There was no myth,
so that for her, as for Smith, ritual precedes myth. God was only the
projection of the euphoria produced by the ritual. Subsequently,
god became the god of vegetation, the myth of the death and rebirth
of that god arose, and the ritual of initiation became an agricultural
ritual as well. Just as the initiates symbolically died and were reborn
as fully ﬂedged members of society, so the god of vegetation and in
turn crops literally died and were reborn. In time, the initiatory side
of the combined ritual faded, and only the Frazerian, agricultural
ritual remained.

in which the term ‘‘myth’’ is used in our discussion.’ Harrison puts it
pithily: ‘The primary meaning of myth . . . is the spoken correlative
of the acted rite, the thing done’.
Both Harrison and Hooke go further than Frazer. Where for him
the power of myth is merely dramatic, for Harrison and Hooke it is
outright magical. ‘The spoken word’, writes Hooke, ‘had the efﬁcacy
of an act’. ‘A myth’, writes Harrison, ‘becomes practically a story
of magical intent and potency.’ We have here word magic.
Contemporary myth-ritualists like the American classicist Gregory
Nagy appeal to the nature of oral, as opposed to written, literature
to argue that myth was originally so closely tied to ritual, or
performance, as to be ritualistic itself:
Once we view myth as performance, we can see that myth itself is a
form of ritual: rather than think of myth and ritual separately and
Myth

only contrastively, we can see them as a continuum in which myth is
a verbal aspect of ritual while ritual is a notional aspect of myth.
(Gregory Nagy, ‘Can Myth Be Saved?’, p. 243)

How this position goes beyond that of Hooke and Harrison is far
from clear.

Application of the theory
The classicists Gilbert Murray, F. M. Cornford, and A. B. Cook, all
English or English-resident, applied Harrison’s theory to such
ancient Greek phenomena as tragedy, comedy, the Olympic Games,
science, and philosophy. These seemingly secular, even antireligious, phenomena are interpreted as latent expressions of the
myth of the death and rebirth of the god of vegetation.
Among biblicists, the Swedish Ivan Engnell, the Welsh Aubrey
Johnson, and the Norwegian Sigmund Mowinckel differed over
the extent to which ancient Israel in particular adhered to the
myth-ritualist pattern. Engnell sees an even stronger adherence
72

than the cautious Hooke; Johnson and especially Mowinckel, a
weaker one.
Invoking Frazer, Bronislaw Malinowski, whose theory was
considered in Chapter 1, applied his own, qualiﬁed version of the
theory to the myths of native peoples worldwide. Malinowski argues
that myth, which for him, as for Smith, explains the origin of ritual,
gives rituals a hoary past and thereby sanctions them. Society
depends on myth to spur adherence to rituals. But if all rituals
depend on myth, so do many other cultural practices on which
society depends. They have myths of their own. Myth and ritual are
therefore not coextensive.

Application of the theory to literature
The most notable application of the myth-ritualist theory outside of
religion has been to literature. Harrison herself boldly derived all
art, not just literature, from ritual. She speculates that gradually
people ceased believing that the imitation of an action caused that
action to occur. Yet rather than abandoning ritual, they now
practised it as an end in itself. Ritual for its own sake became art,
her clearest example of which is drama. More modestly than she,
Murray and Cornford rooted speciﬁcally Greek epic, tragedy, and
comedy in myth-ritualism. Murray then extended the theory to
Shakespeare.
73

Myth and ritual

Mircea Eliade, whose theory was discussed in Chapter 3, applied a
similar form of the theory, but he goes beyond Malinowski to apply
the theory to modern as well as primitive cultures. Myth for him,
too, sanctions phenomena of all kinds, not just rituals, by giving
them a primaeval origin. For him, too, then, myth and ritual are not
coextensive. But Eliade again goes beyond Malinowski in stressing
the importance of the ritualistic enactment of myth in the fulﬁlment
of the ultimate function of myth: when enacted, myth acts as a time
machine, carrying one back to the time of the myth and thereby
bringing one closer to god.

Myth

Other standard-bearers of the theory have included Jessie Weston
on the Grail legend, E. M. Butler on the Faust legend, C. L. Barber
on Shakespearean comedy, Herbert Weisinger on Shakespearean
tragedy and on tragedy per se, Francis Fergusson on tragedy, Lord
Raglan on hero myths and on literature as a whole, and Northrop
Frye and Stanley Edgar Hyman on literature generally. As literary
critics, these myth-ritualists have understandably been concerned
less with myth itself than with the mythic origin of literature. Works
of literature are interpreted as the outgrowth of myths once tied
to rituals. For those literary critics indebted to Frazer, as the
majority are, literature harks back to Frazer’s second myth-ritualist
scenario. ‘The king must die’ becomes the familiar summary line.
For literary myth-ritualists, myth becomes literature when myth is
severed from ritual. Myth tied to ritual is religious literature; myth
cut off from ritual is secular literature, or plain literature. When tied
to ritual, myth can serve any of the active functions ascribed to it by
myth-ritualists. Bereft of ritual, myth is reduced to mere
commentary.
Literary myth-ritualism is a theory not of myth and ritual
themselves, both of which are assumed, but of their impact on
literature. Yet it is not a theory of literature either, for it refuses to
reduce literature to myth. Literary myth-ritualism is an explanation
of the transformation of myth and ritual into literature, and it will
be considered in detail in the next chapter.

René Girard
In The Hero, which will be discussed at length in the next chapter,
Lord Raglan extends Frazer’s second myth-ritualist scenario by
turning the king who dies for the community into a hero. In
Violence and the Sacred and many subsequent works, the Frenchborn, American-resident literary critic René Girard (b. 1923) offers
an ironic twist to the theory of Raglan, himself never cited. Where
Raglan’s hero is willing to die for the community, Girard’s hero is
74

killed or exiled by the community for having caused their present
woes. Indeed, the ‘hero’ is initially considered a criminal who
deserves to die. Only subsequently is the villain turned into a
hero, who, as for Raglan, dies selﬂessly for the community. Both
Raglan and Girard cite Oedipus as their fullest example. (Their
doing so makes neither a Freudian. Both spurn Freud.) For
Girard, the transformation of Oedipus from reviled exile in
Sophocles’ Oedipus the King to revered benefactor in Sophocles’
Oedipus at Colonus typiﬁes the transformation from criminal
to hero.

Girard’s theory, which centres on the place of the protagonist in
society, would seem hopelessly inapplicable to the myth of Adonis.
Adonis hardly dies willingly or selﬂessly. The very worlds he
inhabits – the woods and the Underworld – seem as far removed
from society as can be. In Chapter 8 this myth will nevertheless be
interpreted socially, and Girard’s own interpretation of the myth of
Oedipus will be presented.
75

Myth and ritual

Yet this change is for Girard only the second half of the process.
The ﬁrst half is the change from innocent victim to criminal.
Originally, violence erupts in the community. The cause is the
inclination, innate in human nature, to imitate others and thereby
to desire the same objects as those of the imitated. Imitation leads
to rivalry, which leads to violence. Desperate to end the violence, the
community selects an innocent member to blame for the turmoil.
This ‘scapegoat’ can be anyone and can range from the most
helpless member of society to the most elevated, including, as with
Oedipus, the king. The victim is usually killed, though, as with
Oedipus, sometimes exiled. The killing is the ritualistic sacriﬁce.
Rather than directing the ritual, as for Frazer, myth for Girard is
created after the killing to excuse it. Myth comes from ritual, as for
Smith, but it comes to justify rather than, as for Smith, to explain
the ritual. Myth turns the scapegoat into a criminal, who deserved
to die, and then turns the criminal into a hero, who has died
voluntarily for the good of the community.

While Girard never cites Raglan, he does regularly cite Frazer.
Conﬁning himself to Frazer’s second myth-ritualist scenario, Girard
lauds Frazer for recognizing the key primitive ritual of regicide but
berates him for missing its real origin and function. For Frazer,
sacriﬁce is the innocent application of a benighted, pre-scientiﬁc
explanation of the world: the king is killed and replaced so that the
the god of vegetation, whose soul resides in the incumbent, can
either retain or regain his health. The function of the sacriﬁce is
wholly agricultural. There is no hatred of the victim, who simply
fulﬁls his duty as king and is celebrated throughout for his selfsacriﬁce. According to Girard, Frazer thereby falls for the mythic
cover-up. The real origin and function of ritual and subsequent
myth are social rather than agricultural, as will be discussed in
Chapter 8.

Myth

Walter Burkert
Perhaps the ﬁrst to temper the dogma that myths and rituals are
inseparable was the American anthropologist Clyde Kluckhohn.
The German classicist Walter Burkert (b. 1931) has gone well
beyond Kluckhohn in not merely permitting but outright assuming
the original independence of myth and ritual. He maintains that
when the two do come together, they do not just serve a common
function, as Kluckhohn assumes, but reinforce each other. Myth
bolsters ritual by giving merely human behaviour a divine origin: do
this because the gods did or do it. Conversely, ritual bolsters myth
by turning a mere story into prescribed behaviour of the most
dutiful kind: do this on pain of anxiety, if not punishment.
Where for Smith myth serves ritual, for Burkert ritual equally
serves myth.
Like Girard, Burkert roots myth in sacriﬁce and roots sacriﬁce in
aggression, but he does not limit sacriﬁce to human sacriﬁce, and
he roots sacriﬁce itself in hunting – the original expression of
aggression. Moreover, myth for Burkert functions not to hide the
reality of sacriﬁce, as for Girard, but on the contrary to preserve it
76

and thereby to retain its psychological and social effects. Finally,
Burkert connects myths not only to rituals of sacriﬁce but also, like
Harrison, to rituals of initiation. Myth here serves the same
socializing function as ritual.
Ritual for Burkert is ‘as if ’ behaviour. To take his central example,
the ‘ritual’ is not the customs and formalities involved in actual
hunting but dramatized hunting. The function is no longer that of
securing food, as for Frazer, for the ritual proper arises only after
farming has supplanted hunting as the prime source of food:
Hunting lost its basic function with the emergence of agriculture
some ten thousand years ago. But hunting ritual had become so
important that it could not be given up.
(Burkert, Structure and History in Greek
Mythology and Ritual, p. 55)
Myth and ritual

8. Hunting the Calydon Boar, Laconian Greek cup from Cerveteri,
6th century BC
77

The communal nature of actual hunting, and of ritualized hunting
thereafter, functioned to assuage anxiety over one’s own aggression
and one’s own mortality, and at the same time to cement a bond
among participants. The functions were psychological and
sociological, not agricultural.

Myth

The myth of Adonis would present an ironic case for Burkert. Not
only is Adonis’ hunting solitary rather than communal, but Adonis
is scarcely a real hunter, let alone one racked by anxiety. For him,
hunting is more a sport than a life-and-death encounter. Therefore
hunting can hardly abet him either psychologically or socially. Yet
his saga can still function as a warning to others, as will be proposed
in Chapter 8.

78

Chapter 5
Myth and literature

The relationship between myth and literature has taken varying
forms. The most obvious form has been the use of myth in works of
literature. A standard theme in literature courses has been the
tracing of classical ﬁgures, events, and themes in Western literature
thereafter – beginning with the Church Fathers, who utilized
classical mythology even while warring on paganism, and
proceeding through Petrarch, Boccacio, Dante, Chaucer, Spenser,
Shakespeare, Milton, Goethe, Byron, Keats, and Shelley, and then
down to Joyce, Eliot, Gide, Cocteau, Anouilh, and Eugene O’Neill.
The same has commonly been done for biblical myths. Both
groups of myths have alternatively been read literally, been read
symbolically, been rearranged, and been outright recreated. And
they are to be found in all of the arts, including music and ﬁlm.
Freud used the ﬁgures Oedipus and Electra to name the most
fundamental human drives, and he took from psychiatrists the
ﬁgure Narcissus to name self-love.
The pervasiveness of classical, or pagan, mythology is even more of
a feat than that of biblical mythology, for classical mythology has
survived the demise of the religion of which, two thousand years
ago, it was originally a part. By contrast, biblical mythology has been
sustained by the near-monolithic presence of the religion of which
it remains a part. Indeed, classical mythology has been preserved by
the culture tied to the religion that killed off classical religion. Till
79

recently, the very term ‘paganism’ has had a negative connotation.
That classical mythology has survived where the rest of its religion
has not is an ironic reversal of Tylor’s view of the fates of both,
though Tylor is referring to the survival of Christianity, not of
paganism, and to the survival of Christianity in the face of modern
science, not of a rival religion.

The mythic origin of literature

Myth

Another form of the relationship between myth and literature
already noted in the previous chapter is the derivation of literature
from myth – an approach pioneered by Jane Harrison and her
fellow classicists Gilbert Murray and F. M. Cornford. Let’s take
some examples of this approach.
In From Ritual to Romance the English medievalist Jessie Weston
(1850–1928) applied Frazer’s second myth-ritualist version to the
Grail legend. Following Frazer, she maintains that for ancients and
primitives alike the fertility of the land depended on the fertility of
their king, in whom resided the god of vegetation. But where for
Frazer the key ritual was the replacement of an ailing king, for
Weston the aim of the Grail quest was the rejuvenation of the king.
Furthermore, Weston adds an ethereal, spiritual dimension that
transcends Frazer. The aim of the quest turns out to have been
mystical oneness with god and not just food from god. It is this
spiritual dimension of the legend that inspired T. S. Eliot to use
Weston in ‘The Waste Land’. Weston is not reducing the Grail
legend to primitive myth and ritual but merely tracing the legend
back to primitive myth and ritual. The legend itself is literature, not
myth. Because Frazer’s second myth-ritualist scenario is not about
the enactment of any myth of the god of vegetation but about the
condition of the reigning king, the myth giving rise to the legend is
not the life of a god like Adonis but the life of the Grail king himself.
In The Idea of a Theater Francis Fergusson (1904–86), an esteemed
American theatre critic, applied Frazer’s second myth-ritualist
80

version to the whole genre of tragedy. He argues that the story of the
suffering and redemption of the tragic hero derives from Frazer’s
scenario of the killing and replacement of the king. For example,
Oedipus, King of Thebes, must sacriﬁce his throne, though not his
life, for the sake of his subjects. Only with his abdication will the
plague cease. But for Fergusson, as for Weston, the renewal sought
is less physical than spiritual, and for Fergusson, Oedipus seeks it
for himself as well as for his people.

In Anatomy of Criticism famed Canadian literary critic Northrop
Frye (1912–91) argued that not one genre but all genres of literature
derive from myth – speciﬁcally, the myth of the life of the hero. Frye
associates the life cycle of the hero with several other cycles: the
yearly cycle of the seasons, the daily cycle of the sun, and the nightly
cycle of dreaming and awakening. The association with the seasons
comes from Frazer. The association with the sun, never attributed,
perhaps comes from Max Müller. The association with dreaming
comes from Jung. The association of the seasons with heroism,
while again never attributed, may come from Raglan, who will
shortly be considered in his own right. Frye offers his own heroic
pattern, which he calls the ‘quest-myth’, but it consists of just four
broad stages: the birth, triumph, isolation, and defeat of the hero.
Each main genre of literature parallels at once a season, a stage in
the day, a stage of consciousness, and above all a stage in the heroic
myth. Romance parallels at once spring, sunrise, awakening, and
the birth of the hero. Comedy parallels summer, midday, waking
consciousness, and the triumph of the hero. Tragedy parallels
81

Myth and literature

More than most other literary myth-ritualists, Fergusson is
concerned as much with the product – drama – as with the source –
myth and ritual. He even criticizes Harrison and especially Murray
for taking the meaning of tragedy to be the Frazerian act of regicide
rather than, say, the theme of self-sacriﬁce. For Fergusson, as for
Weston, the Frazerian scenario provides the background to
literature but is itself myth and ritual rather than literature.

autumn, sunset, daydreaming, and the isolation of the hero. Satire
parallels winter, night, sleep, and the defeat of the hero. The
literary genres do not merely parallel the heroic myth but derive
from it. The myth itself derives from ritual – from the version of
Frazer’s myth-ritualism in which divine kings are killed and replaced.

Myth

Like most other literary myth-ritualists, Frye does not reduce
literature to myth. On the contrary, he, most uncompromisingly of
all, insists on the autonomy of literature. Like Fergusson, he faults
Murray and Cornford not for speculating about the myth-ritualist
origin of tragedy (Murray) and comedy (Cornford) – a nonliterary
issue – but for interpreting the meaning of both as the enactment
of Frazer’s scenario of regicide – the literary issue.
Yet Frye proceeds to enlist both Frazer and Jung to help extricate
the meaning, not just the origin, of literature. For he takes their key
works to be themselves works of literary criticism and not merely or
even chieﬂy works of anthropology or psychology:
the fascination which The Golden Bough and Jung’s book on libido
symbols [i.e., Symbols of Transformation (Jung’s Collected Works,
vol. 5)] have for literary critics is . . . based . . . on the fact that
these books are primarily studies in literary criticism. . . . The Golden
Bough isn’t really about what people did in a remote and savage
past; it is about what human imagination does when it tries to
express itself about the greatest mysteries, the mysteries of life and
death and afterlife.
(Frye, ‘The Archetpes of Literature’, p. 17;
‘Symbolism of the Unconscious’, p. 89)

Similarly, Jung’s Psychology and Alchemy (Jung’s Collected Works,
vol. 12), which Frye also singles out, ‘is not a mere specious
paralleling of a defunct science [i.e., alchemy] and one of several
Viennese schools of psychology, but a grammar of literary
symbolism which for all serious students of literature is as
important as it is endlessly fascinating’.
82

Frye surely goes too far in characterizing Frazer and Jung as at heart
mythographers rather than theorists. Both Frazer and Jung intend
to be accounting for the origin and the function, not merely the
meaning, of myth, and the ‘grammars’ they provide are intended as
proofs, not as compendia of symbols. Frazer claims that ritualistic
regicide really did occur, even if it later got watered down to mere
drama. Jung claims that archetypes really exist in the mind and
even in the world.

In Violence and the Sacred and other works René Girard, whose
theory was discussed in the previous chapter, offers the sharpest
break between myth and literature. Like Fergusson and Frye,
Girard faults Harrison and Murray for conﬂating myth and ritual
with tragedy. But he faults the two even more sternly for
domesticating tragedy. For Harrison and Murray, myth merely
describes the Frazerian ritual, and tragedy merely dramatizes it.
Worse, tragedy turns an actual event into a mere theme. For Girard,
myth covers up the ritual, and tragedy, as in Sophocles’ plays about
Oedipus, uncovers it. Girard’s criticism, however, is directed at
Frazer’s second myth-ritualist scenario, in which the king is
outright killed. Harrison and Murray use instead Frazer’s ﬁrst
myth-ritualist scenario, in which the king merely plays the part of
83

Myth and literature

Because Frye brings myth and literature so closely together, even
without collapsing literature into myth, his literary criticism is
confusingly called ‘myth criticism’, of which he himself is often
considered the grandest practitioner. Equally commonly, his literary
criticism is called ‘archetypal criticism’ because in innocently calling
the genres of literature ‘archetypes’, he is mistaken for a Jungian
and, again, the grandest of practitioners. To compound the
confusion, there are outright Jungian literary critics who are aptly
called archetypal critics, beginning with Maud Bodkin in Archetypal
Patterns in Poetry. To compound the confusion yet further, there
are post-Jungians who call themselves ‘archetypal psychologists’
rather than Jungians. The most prominent are James Hillman
and David Miller, both of whom write voluminously on myth.

the god of vegetation. In that scenario the god dies but the king does
not, and the god may die without being killed, as in Adonis’ annual
trek to Hades. Girard’s charge that Harrison, Murray, and even in
part Frazer miss the human killing that underlies all tragedy is thus
embarrassingly misdirected.

Myth

Myth as story
Another aspect of myth as literature has been the focus on a common
story line. Nowhere in Tylor or Frazer is there any consideration of
myth as story. (I will use ‘story’ rather than ‘narrative’, the fancier
term preferred today.) It is not that either Tylor or Frazer would deny
that a myth is a story. It is, rather, that both deem myth a causal
explanation of events that merely happens to take the form of a story.
The parallel of myth to science requires the downplaying of the story
form and the playing up of the explanatory content. Of course, myth
for both tells the ‘story’ of how Helios becomes responsible for the
sun and how he exercises that responsibility, but what interests
Tylor and Frazer is the information itself, not the way it is conveyed.
Standard literary considerations, such as characterization, time,
voice, point of view, and reader response, are ignored, just as they
would be in the analysis of a scientiﬁc law.
Because myth for Tylor and Frazer is intended to explain recurrent
events, it could be rephrased as a law. For example: Whenever rain
falls, it falls because the god of rain has decided to send it, and
always for the same reason. When the sun rises, it rises because the
sun god has chosen to mount his chariot, to which the sun is
attached, and to drive the chariot across the sky, and again always
for the same reason. Insofar as Frazer takes the gods to be symbols
of natural processes, myth rephrased would be merely descriptive
and not explanatory: it would simply be saying that rain falls
(regularly or not) or that the sun rises (regularly) but not why.
For Tylor in particular, who reads myth literally, myth is anything
but literature, and to approach myth as literature is to trivialize it, to
84

turn its explanatory truth claims into elaborate poetic descriptions.
Where Frye and others argue that literature is not reducible to myth,
Tylor argues that myth is not reducible to literature. In the wake of
postmodernism, in which arguments in all ﬁelds, including science
and law, are re-characterized as stories, Tylor’s indifference to the
story aspect of myth is notable.

Thus, instead of saying ‘And that completes the ﬁrst broad division,
or classiﬁcation, of our subject matter,’ we’d say: ‘And the evening
and the morning were the ﬁrst day’.
(Burke, The Rhetoric of Religion, p. 202)

While myth for Burke is ultimately the expression of nontemporal
truths, it is still the expression of them in story form, so that even
if the meaning needs to be extricated from the form, story is still
what makes myth myth. Here Burke is like Lévi-Strauss, whose
approach to myth as story will be considered in Chapter 7. What
Burke calls ‘essence’, Lévi-Strauss calls ‘structure’.

Mythic patterns
Myths collectively are too varied to share a plot, but common plots
have been proposed for speciﬁc kinds of myths, most often for hero
myths. Other categories of myths, such as creation myths, ﬂood
myths, myths of paradise, and myths of the future, have proved too
disparate for all but the broadest commonalities. Tylor speciﬁes
85

Myth and literature

Tylor’s separation of myth from story is no less notable when seen
from the standpoint of the American literacy critic Kenneth Burke
(1897–1993). In, above all, The Rhetoric of Religion Burke argues
that myth is the transformation of metaphysics into story. Myth
expresses symbolically, in terms of temporal priority, what
primitives cannot express literally: metaphysical priority. In Burke’s
famous phrase, myth is the ‘temporizing of essence’. For example,
the ﬁrst creation story in Genesis puts in the form of six days what
in fact is the ‘classiﬁcation’ of things in the world into six categories:

only that myths tell how a god decides to cause a natural event, but
not what the god is like or how the god acts. Narrowing his focus to
gods of vegetation, Frazer speciﬁes only that they die and are
reborn, not how either occurs.
Back in 1871 our same Tylor, surprisingly turning brieﬂy from myths
about gods to hero myths, argued that in many hero myths the
subject is exposed at birth, is saved by other humans or animals, and
grows up to become a national hero. Tylor sought only to establish a
common pattern, not to apply to hero myths his theory of the origin,
function, and subject matter of myths generally. Nevertheless, he
appeals to the uniformity of the pattern to claim that whatever the
origin, function, or subject matter of hero myths is, it must be the
same in all hero myths to account for the similarity in plot:
The treatment of similar myths from different regions, by arranging
Myth

them in large compared groups, makes it possible to trace in
mythology the operation of imaginative processes recurring with the
evident regularity of mental law . . .
(Tylor, Primitive Culture, I, p. 282)

Where Frye attributes myth to untethered imagination, Tylor
attributes it to imagination subject to rigid cognitive constraints – a
foreshadowing of present-day cognitive psychology.
In 1876 the Austrian scholar Johann Georg von Hahn used fourteen
cases to argue that all ‘Aryan’ hero tales follow an ‘exposure and
return’ formula more comprehensive than Tylor’s. In each case the
hero is born illegitimately, out of the fear of the prophecy of his
future greatness is abandoned by his father, is saved by animals and
raised by a lowly couple, ﬁghts wars, returns home triumphant,
defeats his persecutors, frees his mother, becomes king, founds a
city, and dies young. Though himself a solar mythologist, von Hahn,
like Tylor, tried only to establish a pattern for hero myths. Had he
proceeded to theorize about the tales, his theory would have rested
on the commonality of the plot.
86

Similarly, in 1928 the Russian folklorist Vladimir Propp sought to
demonstrate that Russian fairy tales follow a common plot, in
which the hero goes off on a successful adventure and upon his
return marries and gains the throne. Propp’s pattern skirts both the
birth and the death of the hero. While himself a Marxist, Propp
here, in his earlier, formalist phase, attempted no more than Tylor
and von Hahn: to establish a pattern for hero stories. But again,
any theoretical salvo would have depended on the commonality of
the plot.

Lord Raglan
Raglan takes Frazer’s second myth-ritualist version and applies it to
myths about heroes. Where Frazer identiﬁes the king with the god
of vegetation, Raglan in turn identiﬁes the king with the hero. For
Frazer, the king’s willingness to die for the community may be
heroic, but Raglan outright labels the king a hero. Frazer presents a
simple pattern for the myth of the god: the god dies and is reborn.
Raglan works out a detailed, twenty-two step pattern for the myth
of the hero – a pattern he then applies to twenty-one myths. But
Raglan does more: he links up the myth with the ritual. Recall
that in Frazer’s second version the ritual enacted is not the myth of
the death and rebirth of a god but the sheer transfer of the soul
87

Myth and literature

Of the scholars who have theorized about the patterns that
they have delineated in hero myths, the most important have
been the Viennese psychoanalyst Otto Rank (1884–1939),
the American mythographer Joseph Campbell (1904–87),
and the English folklorist Lord Raglan (1885–1964). Rank
later broke irreparably with Sigmund Freud, but when he wrote
The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, he was a Freudian apostle.
While Campbell was never a fully ﬂedged Jungian, he wrote The
Hero with a Thousand Faces as a kindred soul of C. G. Jung. Raglan
wrote The Hero as a Frazerian. Rank’s and Campbell’s works will be
considered in detail in the next chapter, on myth and psychology.
Let us here take Raglan as an illustration of the centrality of plot.

(1) The hero’s mother is a royal virgin;
(2) His father is a king, and
(3) Often a near relative of his mother, but
(4) The circumstances of his conception are unusual, and
(5) He is also reputed to be the son of a god.
(6) At birth an attempt is made, usually by his father or his
maternal grandfather, to kill him, but
(7) He is spirited away, and
(8) Reared by foster-parents in a far country.
(9) We are told nothing of his childhood, but
(10) On reaching manhood he returns or goes to his future
kingdom.
(11) After a victory over the king and/or a giant, dragon, or
wild beast,
Myth

(12) He marries a princess, often the daughter of his predecessor, and
(13) Becomes king.
(14) For a time he reigns uneventfully, and
(15) Prescribes laws, but
(16) Later he loses favour with the gods and/or his subjects,
and
(17) Is driven from the throne and city, after which
(18) He meets with a mysterious death,
(19) Often at the top of a hill.
(20) His children, if any, do not succeed him.
(21) His body is not buried, but nevertheless
(22) He has one or more holy sepulchres.

Raglan’s hero myth pattern, from The Hero

88

of the god from one king to another. There is really no myth at all.
Raglan, by making the heart of hero myths not the attainment of
the throne but the loss of it, matches the myth of the hero with the
Frazerian ritual of the removal of the king. The king in the myth
who loses his throne and later his life parallels the king in the
ritual who loses both at once. The myth that Raglan links to ritual is
not that of a god but that of a hero – some legendary ﬁgure whose
selﬂessness real kings are expected to emulate. Strictly, then, the
myth is less the script for the ritual, as in Frazer’s ﬁrst myth-ritualist
scenario, than the inspiration for the ritual.
Unlike the patterns of Tylor, Propp, or, as we shall see, either Rank
or Campbell, Raglan’s, like von Hahn’s, covers the whole of the
hero’s life.

Doubtless Raglan would never expect Adonis to ﬁt his pattern. While
points 1 through 4 seem to ﬁt snugly, few of the others ﬁt at all. For
example, there is an attempt on the life of Adonis’ mother but no
attempt on Adonis’ own life, at least at the outset (point 6). Perhaps
Adonis can be said to have been raised by foster parents – Aphrodite
and Persephone – and in a distant land (point 8), but not because he
has been spirited away (point 7). Most important, Adonis never
becomes king and so has no throne to lose. He does lose his life, but
not while reigning as king, or even while living in a society. Of all of
Raglan’s chosen examples, the one that ﬁts best is Oedipus. A biblical
hero who would ﬁt almost as well is King Saul. Unlike Frazer,
Raglan is too timid to mention the case of Jesus. A modern example
89

Myth and literature

Raglan equates the hero of the myth with the god of the ritual. First,
the king connects the hero to the god: heroes are kings, and kings
are gods. Second, many of the events in the life of the hero are
superhuman, especially points 5 and 11. True, the hero must die, but
his death accomplishes a god-like feat: reviving vegetation. Third,
in both the myth and the ritual the removal of the king ensures the
survival of the community, which would otherwise starve. In both
myth and ritual the king is a saviour.

Myth

9. The Duke and Duchess of Windsor on their wedding day, June 1937,
after Edward’s abdication

would be King Edward VIII of England, the heart of whose life was
his abdication.
What matters in this chapter is the centrality of the plot to Raglan’s
theory. Raglan appeals to the commonality of the plot to argue that
the meaning of hero myths lies in that common plot, that the heart
of the common plot is the loss of the throne, and that only an
accompanying ritual of regicide makes sense of the common focus
in the myth on the toppling of the king. Raglan’s myth-ritualism
does not merely make the plot the scenario for the ritual but argues
for the ritual from the plot.

90

Chapter 6
Myth and psychology

There are multiple theories in each discipline that have contributed
to the study of myth. In psychology, two theories have almost
monopolized the ﬁeld: those of the Viennese physician Sigmund
Freud (1856–1938) and of the Swiss psychiatrist C. G. Jung
(1875–1961).

Sigmund Freud
While Freud analyses myths throughout his writings, his main
discussion of his key myth, that of Oedipus, ﬁttingly occurs in The
Interpretation of Dreams, for he, and Jung as well, parallel myths
to dreams:
If Oedipus Rex moves a modern audience no less than it did the
contemporary Greek one, the explanation can only be that its effect
does not lie in the contrast between destiny and human [free] will,
but is to be looked for in the particular nature of the material on
which that contrast is exempliﬁed. There must be something
[latent] which makes a voice within us ready to recognize the
compelling force of destiny in the Oedipus. . . . His [Oedipus’]
destiny moves us only because it might have been ours – because the
oracle laid the same curse upon us before our birth as upon him. . . .
Our dreams convince us that that is so. King Oedipus, who slew his
father Laı̈us and married his mother Jocasta, merely shows us the
91

fulﬁlment of our own childhood wishes. But, more fortunate than
he, we have meanwhile succeeded, in so far as we have not become
psychoneurotics, in detaching our sexual impulses from our
mothers and in forgetting our jealousy of our fathers.
(Freud, Interpretation of Dreams, IV, pp. 262–3)

Myth

On the surface, or manifest, level, the story of Oedipus describes
that ﬁgure’s vain effort to elude the fate that has been imposed on
him. Latently, however, Oedipus most wants to do what manifestly
he least wants to do. He wants to act out his ‘Oedipus Complex’. The
manifest, or literal, level of the myth hides the latent, symbolic
meaning. On the manifest level Oedipus is the innocent victim of
Fate. On the latent level he is the culprit. Rightly understood, the
myth depicts not Oedipus’ failure to circumvent his ineluctable
destiny but his success in fulﬁlling his fondest desires.
Yet the latent meaning scarcely stops here. For the myth is not
ultimately about Oedipus at all. Just as the manifest level, on which

10. Sigmund Freud
92

Oedipus is the victim, masks a latent one, on which Oedipus is the
victimizer, so that level in turn masks an even more latent one, on
which the real victimizer is the myth-maker and any reader of the
myth grabbed by it. Here the myth is about the fulﬁlment of the
Oedipus Complex in the male myth-maker or reader, who identiﬁes
himself with Oedipus and through him fulﬁls his own Oedipus
Complex. At heart, the myth is not biography but autobiography.

Under these circumstances, myth provides the ideal kind of
fulﬁlment. True, the outer layers of the myth hide its true meaning
and thereby block fulﬁlment, but they simultaneously reveal that
true meaning and thereby provide fulﬁlment. After all, on even the
literal level Oedipus does kill his father and does have sex with his
mother. He simply does so unintentionally. If on the next level it is
Oedipus rather than the myth-maker or reader who acts
intentionally, the action is still intentional. The level above
therefore partly reveals, even as it partly hides, the meaning below.
The true meaning always lies at the level below but is always
conveyed by the level above. By identifying themselves with
Oedipus, neurotic adult males secure a partial fulﬁlment of their
own lingering Oedipal desires, but without becoming conscious of
93

Myth and psychology

In whom does the Oedipus Complex lie? To a degree it lies in all
adult males, none of whom has fully outgrown the desires that ﬁrst
arose in childhood. But the complex lies above all in neurotic adult
males who are stuck, or ﬁxated, at their Oedipal stage. For many
reasons they cannot fulﬁl their desires directly. Their parents may
no longer be alive, or, if alive, may no longer be so intimidating or
so alluring. Furthermore, surely not even the most indulgent
parents would readily consent. Any son who did succeed would
likely get caught and punished. And the guilt felt for having killed
the father whom one loved as much as hated, and for having forced
oneself upon a resisting mother, would be overwhelming. But
the biggest obstacle to the enactment of the complex is more
fundamental. One does not know that the complex exists. It has
been repressed.

those desires. Myth thus constitutes a compromise between the side
of oneself that wants the desires satisﬁed outright and the side that
does not even want to know they exist. For Freud, myth functions
through its meaning: myth vents Oedipal desires by presenting a
story in which, symbolically, they are enacted.
In all these ways myths parallel dreams, which, like science for Tylor
and Frazer, provide the model by which Freud and Jung analyse
myths. To be sure, there are differences between myths and dreams.
Where dreams are private, myths are public. Where for Freud
myths are limited to neurotics, dreams are universal. But for Freud
and Jung alike the similarities are more signiﬁcant.

Myth

Otto Rank
The classical Freudian analyses of myth are Karl Abraham’s Dreams
and Myths and Otto Rank’s The Myth of the Birth of the Hero.
Both Abraham and Rank follow the master in comparing myths
with dreams – the title of Abraham’s book says it all – and in
deeming both the disguised, symbolic fulﬁlment of repressed,
overwhelmingly Oedipal wishes lingering in the adult myth-maker
or reader. But Rank considers more myths, analyses them in
more detail, and most of all presents a common plot, or pattern,
for one category of myths: those of heroes, speciﬁcally male heroes.
Freudians analyse all kinds of myths, not just hero myths. Still, they
often turn other kinds of myths into hero myths. Rank himself turns
birth and survival into heroic feats. Even creation myths have been
seen as accomplishing the feat of giving birth to the world – by
males as well as by females.
For Rank, following Freud, heroism deals with what Jungians call
the ‘ﬁrst half of life’. The ﬁrst half – birth, childhood, adolescence,
and young adulthood – involves the establishment of oneself as an
independent person in the external world. The attainment of
independence expresses itself concretely in the securing of a job and
a mate. The securing of either requires both separation from one’s
94

The standard saga itself may be formulated according to the
following outline: The hero is the child of most distinguished
parents, usually the son of a king. His origin is preceded by
difﬁculties, such as continence, or prolonged barrenness, or
secret intercourse of the parents due to external prohibition
or obstacles. During or before the pregnancy, there is a
prophecy, in the form of a dream or oracle, cautioning
against his birth, and usually threatening danger to the
father (or his representative). As a rule, he is surrendered to
the water, in a box. He is then saved by animals, or by lowly
people (shepherds), and is suckled by a female animal or by
an humble woman. After he has grown up, he ﬁnds his distinguished parents, in a highly versatile fashion. He takes his
on the other. Finally he achieves rank and honors.

Rank’s hero myth pattern, from The Myth of the Birth of the Hero

parents and mastery of one’s instincts. Independence of
parents means not the rejection of them but self-sufﬁciency.
Similarly, independence of instincts means not the denial of
them but control over them. When Freud says that the test of
happiness is the capacity to work and love, he is clearly referring
to the goals of the ﬁrst half of life, which for him hold for all
of life. Freudian problems involve a lingering attachment to
either parents or instincts. To depend on one’s parents for the
satisfaction of instincts, or to satisfy instincts in antisocial
ways, is to be stuck, or ﬁxated, at a childish level of psychological
development.
Rank’s pattern, which he applies to over thirty hero myths, falls
within the ﬁrst half of life. Roughly paralleling Johann Georg von
Hahn’s pattern, which was mentioned in Chapter 5 and of which he
95

Myth and psychology

revenge on his father, on the one hand, and is acknowledged,

was apparently unaware, Rank’s goes from the hero’s birth to his
attainment of a ‘career’.
Literally, or consciously, the hero is a historical or legendary ﬁgure
like Oedipus. He is heroic because he rises from obscurity to,
typically, the throne. Literally, he is an innocent victim of either his
parents or Fate. While his parents have yearned for a child and
decide to sacriﬁce him only to save the father, they nevertheless do
decide to sacriﬁce him. The hero’s revenge, if the parricide is even
committed knowingly, is, then, understandable: who would not
consider killing one’s would-be killer?

Myth

Symbolically, or unconsciously, the hero is heroic not because he
dares to win a throne but because he dares to kill his father. The
killing is deﬁnitely intentional, and the cause is not revenge but
sexual frustration. The father has refused to surrender his wife –
the real object of the son’s efforts:
as a rule the deepest, generally unconscious root of the dislike of the
son for the father, or of two brothers for each other, is referable to
the competition for the tender devotion and love of the mother.
(Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, p. 66)

Too horrendous to face, the true meaning of the hero myth is
covered up by the concocted story, which makes the father, not
the son, the culprit. The pattern is simply
the excuse, as it were, for the hostile feelings which the child harbors
against his father, and which in this ﬁction are projected against the
father.
(Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, p. 63)

What the hero seeks gets masked as power, not incest. Most of
all, who the hero is becomes some third party – the named
hero – rather than either the creator of the myth or anyone
stirred by it. Identifying himself with the named hero, the
96

myth-maker or reader vicariously revels in the hero’s triumph,
which in fact is his own. He is the real hero of the myth.
Literally, the myth culminates in the hero’s attainment of a throne.
Symbolically, the hero gains a mate as well. One might, then,
conclude that the myth aptly expresses the Freudian goal of the
ﬁrst half of life. In actuality, it expresses the opposite. The wish
fulﬁlled is not for detachment from one’s parents and from one’s
antisocial instincts but, on the contrary, for the most intense
possible relationship to one’s parents and for the most antisocial of
urges: parricide and incest, even rape. Taking one’s father’s job and
one’s mother’s hand does not quite spell independence of them.
The myth-maker or reader is an adult, but the wish vented by the
myth is that of a child of three to ﬁve:

childhood fantasies, the hero being credited with the myth-maker’s
personal infantile history.
(Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, p. 71)

The fantasy is the fulﬁlment of the Oedipal wish to kill one’s father
in order to gain access to one’s mother. The myth fulﬁls a wish never
outgrown by the adult who either invents or uses it. That adult is
psychologically an eternal child. Having never developed an ego
strong enough to master his instincts, he is neurotic:
There is a certain class of persons, the so-called psychoneurotics,
shown by the teachings of Freud to have remained children, in a
sense, although otherwise appearing grown up.
(Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, p. 58)

Since no mere child can overpower his father, the myth-maker
imagines being old enough to do so. In short, the myth expresses
not the Freudian goal of the ﬁrst half of life but the ﬁxated
childhood goal that keeps one from accomplishing it.
97

Myth and psychology

Myths are, therefore, created by adults, by means of retrograde

To be sure, the fulﬁlment of the Oedipal wish is symbolic rather
than literal, disguised rather than overt, unconscious rather than
conscious, mental rather than physical, and vicarious rather than
direct. By identifying himself with the named hero, the creator or
reader of the myth acts out in his mind deeds that he would never
dare act out in the world. Even the Oedipal deeds of the named
hero are disguised, for the heroic pattern operates at or near the
manifest, not the latent, level. Still, the myth does provide fulﬁlment
of a kind and, in light of the conﬂict between the neurotic’s impulses
and the neurotic’s morals, provides the best possible fulﬁlment.
Rank contrasts the neurotic, who has repressed his impulses and so
needs an indirect outlet for them, to the ‘pervert’, who acts out his
impulses and so presumably has no need of any halfway measure
like myth.

Myth

Jacob Arlow
Mainstream psychoanalysis has changed considerably since
Rank’s Myth of the Birth of the Hero. Led by the development of ego
psychology, which has expanded the scope of psychoanalysis from
abnormal to normal personality, contemporary psychoanalysts like
the American Jacob Arlow (b. 1912) see myth as contributing to
normal development rather than to the perpetuation of neurosis.
For them, myth helps one to grow up rather than, like Peter Pan, to
remain a child. Myth abets adjustment to the social and the physical
worlds rather than childish ﬂight from them. Myth may still serve to
fulﬁl wishes of the id (the part of the mind from which instinctual
impulses arise), but it serves far more the functions of the ego –
defence and adaptation – and of the superego – renunciation.
Furthermore, myth for contemporary Freudians serves everyone,
not merely neurotics. Put summarily, contemporary Freudians
take myth positively rather than, like classical ones, negatively. To
quote Arlow:
Psychoanalysis has a greater contribution to make to the study of
mythology than [merely] demonstrating, in myths, wishes often
98

encountered in the unconscious thinking of patients. The myth is a
particular kind of communal experience. It is a special form of
shared fantasy, and it serves to bring the individual into relationship
with members of his cultural group on the basis of certain common
needs. Accordingly, the myth can be studied from the point of view
of its function in psychic integration – how it plays a role in warding
off feelings of guilt and anxiety, how it constitutes a form of
adaptation to reality and to the group in which the individual lives,
and how it inﬂuences the crystallization of the individual identity
and the formation of the superego.
(Arlow, ‘Ego Psychology and the Study of Mythology’, p. 375)

Bruno Bettelheim
In his bestselling book The Uses of Enchantment the well-known
Freudian analyst Bruno Bettelheim (1903–90), Viennese-born
and eventually American-resident, says much the same as
Arlow but says it of fairy tales rather than of myths, which he
quirkily pits against fairy tales and interprets in a classically
Freudian way. Classical Freudians tend to see myths and
fairy tales as akin, just as they do myths and dreams. It is
contemporary Freudians who contrast myths to fairy tales,
but usually they favour myths over fairy tales, seeing myths
as serving the ego or the superego and seeing fairy tales as
serving the id. (The key exception among classical Freudians
to the paralleling of myths to fairy tales was the Hungarian
anthropologist Géza Róheim [1891–1953], who contrasts myths
to fairy tales, or folk tales, in a fashion that presciently
anticipates Arlow.)
99

Myth and psychology

Where for classical Freudians myths are like dreams, for
contemporary Freudians myths are unlike them. Dreams still
serve to satisfy wishes, but myths serve either to deny or to
sublimate them. For classical Freudians, myths are simply public
dreams. For contemporary Freudians, myths, because public, serve
to socialize.

Bettelheim does the reverse of Arlow. To be sure, he does not
consider myths to be wish fulﬁlments. Echoing Arlow, he maintains
that
Myths typically involve superego demands in conﬂict with idmotivated action, and with the self-preserving desires of the ego.
(Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment, p. 37)

Myth

But for Bettelheim, in contrast to Arlow, the mythic superego is so
unbending that the maturation it espouses is unattainable. Fairy
tales no less than myths preach maturation, but they do so more
gently and thereby succeed where myths fail. In myths the heroes,
who are often gods, succeed only because they are exceptional. In
fairy tales the heroes are ordinary persons, whose success inspires
emulation. In short, myths for Bettelheim wind up hindering
psychological growth, where fairy tales foster it.

Alan Dundes
Not all present-day Freudians have spurned the classical
approach to myth. The pre-eminent American folklorist Alan
Dundes (b. 1934) is deﬁantly old fashioned. For him, myth fulﬁls
rather than renounces or sublimates repressed wishes. Declares
Dundes:
The content of folklore . . . is largely unconscious. Hence it
represents id, not ego, for the most part. From this perspective, ego
psychology cannot possibly illuminate much of the content of
folklore.
(Dundes, Parsing through Customs, p. xii)

Dundes delights in demonstrating the hidden, antisocial wishes
vented by myths – wishes that are as often anal as Oedipal, as
often homosexual as heterosexual, and at times completely
nonsexual.

100

Post-Freudian Rank

Rank’s The Myth of the Birth of the Hero already evinces the hiatus
between his subsequent, post-Freudian focus on the hero’s birth
and his original, Freudian focus on the hero’s deeds. While the title
obviously singles out the hero’s birth, the pattern subordinates the
birth to the deeds: the birth is decisive not because of the hero’s
separation from his mother but because of the parents’ attempt to
fend off at birth the prophesied parricidal consequences. Rank does
observe that the son’s birth thereby constitutes deﬁance of the
parents, but it is the parents who oppose the son’s birth, not the son
who opposes his own birth.
The real shift comes with Rank’s The Trauma of Birth, in which he
systematically interprets all of human life to ﬁt the birth trauma.
Rank continues to see myth as wish fulﬁlment, but the wish now
fulﬁlled is, like that in the rest of culture, either to undo birth or to
create a second womb. Where in Myth of the Birth of the Hero the
father is the culprit for opposing birth, in The Trauma of Birth the
mother is the culprit for giving birth. Oedipus’ blinding of himself
101

Myth and psychology

While Freud was prepared to grant that ‘the act of birth is the
ﬁrst experience of anxiety, and thus the source and prototype of
the affect of anxiety’, he was never prepared to make birth the
main, let alone the sole, source of anxiety and neurosis. He
refused to subordinate the Oedipus Complex, which centres on
the father, to the trauma of birth, which necessarily centres on the
mother. For Rank, who broke with Freud over this issue, the
infant’s anxiety at birth is the source of all subsequent anxiety.
Conﬂict with the father remains, but because he blocks the son’s
yearning to return to the mother’s womb rather than because he
blocks the son’s Oedipal yearning. Fear of the father is a
displacement of fear of the mother, who, moreover, has
abandoned, not castrated, her son. Sexual desire for the mother is
likewise a means of returning to the womb, not of securing
Oedipal satisfaction.

upon discovering that he has committed incest represents not guilt
for his Oedipal deeds but
a return into the darkness of the mother’s womb, and his ﬁnal
disappearance through a cleft rock into the Underworld expresses
once again the same wish tendency to return into the mother
earth.
(Rank, The Trauma of Birth, p. 43)

Myth

Surely the myth of Adonis would fall here as a case of pre-Oedipal,
not Oedipal, attachment to the mother. Yet Adonis’ case is more
extreme: he does not even realize that he has been born and
has been thrust into the world. He assumes that he still lives in a
womb-like world. Not his birth but his death proves his undoing,
and it provides no return to the womb.

C. G. Jung
Where for Freud and Rank heroism is limited to the ﬁrst half of life,
for C. G. Jung it involves the second half even more. For Freud and
Rank, heroism involves relations with parents and instincts. For
Jung, heroism involves, in addition, relations with the unconscious.
In the ﬁrst half of life heroism means separation not only from
parents and antisocial instincts but even more from the
unconscious: every child’s managing to forge consciousness is for
Jung a supremely heroic feat. Like Freudians, Jungians at once
analyse all kinds of myths, not just hero myths, and interpret other
kinds heroically. Creation myths, for example, symbolize the
creation of consciousness out of the unconscious.
For Freud, the unconscious is the product of the repression of
instincts. For Jung, it is inherited rather than created and includes
far more than repressed instincts. Independence of the Jungian
unconscious therefore means more than independence of instincts.
It means the formation of consciousness, the object of which in the
ﬁrst half of life is the external world.
102

The goal of the uniquely Jungian second half of life is likewise
consciousness, but now consciousness of the Jungian unconscious
rather than of the external world. One must return to the
unconscious, from which one has invariably become severed. But
the aim is not thereby to sever one’s ties to the external world. On
the contrary, the aim is still to return to the external world. The
ideal is a balance between consciousness of the external world and
consciousness of the unconscious. The aim of the second half of
life is to supplement, not abandon, the achievements of the
ﬁrst half.
Just as classically Freudian problems involve the failure to establish
oneself externally, so distinctively Jungian problems involve the
failure to re-establish oneself internally. Freudian problems stem
from excessive attachment to the world of childhood. Jungian
problems stem from excessive attachment to the world one enters
upon breaking free of the childhood world: the external world. To
be severed from the internal world is to feel empty and lost.
103

Myth and psychology

11. C. G. Jung

Joseph Campbell
Jung himself allows for heroism in both halves of life, but Joseph
Campbell, whose Hero with a Thousand Faces provides the
classically Jungian counterpart to Rank’s Myth of the Birth of the
Hero, does not. Just as Rank conﬁnes heroism to the ﬁrst half of life,
so Campbell restricts it to the second half.
Rank’s scheme begins with the hero’s birth; Campbell’s, with his
adventure. Where Rank’s scheme ends, Campbell’s begins: with the
adult hero ensconced at home. Rank’s hero must be young enough

The standard path of the mythological adventure of the hero
is a magniﬁcation of the formula represented in the rites of

Myth

passage: separation–initiation–return: which might be
named the nuclear unit of the monomyth.
A hero ventures forth from the world of common day into a
region of supernatural wonder: fabulous forces are there
encountered and a decisive victory is won: the hero comes
back from this mysterious adventure with the power to
bestow boons on his fellow man.

Campbell’s hero myth pattern, from The Hero with a Thousand Faces
104

for his father and in some cases even his grandfather still to be
reigning. Campbell does not specify the age of his hero, but the hero
must be no younger than the age at which Rank’s hero myth
ends: young adulthood. He must, again, be in the second half of
life. Campbell does acknowledge heroism in the ﬁrst half of life
and even cites Rank’s Myth of the Birth of the Hero, but he demotes
this youthful heroism to mere preparation for adult heroism.
Antithetically to Jung, he dismisses birth itself as unheroic because
it is not done consciously!

Where Rank’s hero returns to his birthplace, Campbell’s marches
forth to a strange, new world, which he has never visited or even
known existed:
destiny has summoned the hero and transferred his spiritual center
of gravity from within the pale of his society to a zone unknown.
This fateful region of both treasure and danger may be variously
represented: as a distant land, a forest, a kingdom underground,
beneath the waves, or above the sky, a secret island, lofty
mountaintop, or profound dream state.
(Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces, p. 58)

This extraordinary world is the world of the gods, and the hero
must hail from the human world precisely for the worlds to stand
in contrast.
In this exotic, supernatural world the hero encounters above all a
105

Myth and psychology

Rank’s hero must be the son of royal or at least distinguished
parents. Campbell’s can be of any class. Campbell cites at least as
many female heroes as male ones, even though stage two of his
pattern – initiation – necessitates male heroes! Likewise some of
his heroes are young, even though his pattern requires adult heroes!
Finally, Campbell’s pattern commits him to human heroes, even
though some of his heroes are divine! Rank’s pattern, by contrast,
allows for divine as well as human heroes.

supreme female god and a supreme male god. The maternal
goddess is loving and caring:
She is the paragon of all paragons of beauty, the reply to all desire,
the bliss-bestowing goal of every hero’s earthly and unearthly quest.
(Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces, pp. 110–11)

Myth

By contrast, the male god is tyrannical and merciless – an ‘ogre’. The
hero has sex with the goddess and marries her. He ﬁghts the god,
either before or after his encounter with the goddess. Yet with both,
not just the goddess, he becomes mystically one and thereby
becomes divine himself.
Where Rank’s hero returns home to encounter his father and
mother, Campbell’s hero leaves home to encounter a male and a
female god, who are father- and mother-like but are not his parents.
Yet the two heroes’ encounters are remarkably akin: just as Rank’s
hero kills his father and, if usually only latently, marries his mother,
so Campbell’s hero, even if often in reverse order, marries the
goddess and ﬁghts, even if not kills, the god.
The differences, however, are even more signiﬁcant. Because the
goddess is not the hero’s mother, sex with her does not constitute
incest. Moreover, the two not only marry but also become mystically
one. And despite appearances, the hero’s relationship to the male
god is for Campbell no less positive. The hero is really seeking from
the father god the same love that he has just won or will soon win
from the goddess. He seeks reconciliation, or ‘atonement’.
When Campbell writes that the myths accompanying initiation
rituals ‘reveal the benign self-giving aspect of the archetypal father’,
he is using the term in its Jungian sense. For Freudians, gods
symbolize parents. For Jungians, parents symbolize gods, who in
turn symbolize father and mother archetypes, which are
components of the hero’s personality. The hero’s relationship to
these gods symbolizes not, as for Freud and Rank, a son’s
106

relationship to other persons – his parents – but the relationship of
one side of a male’s personality – his ego – to another side – his
unconscious. The father and the mother are but two of the
archetypes of which the Jungian, or ‘collective’, unconscious is
composed. Archetypes are unconscious not because they have been
repressed but because they have never been made conscious. For
Jung and Campbell, myth originates and functions not, as for Freud
and Rank, to satisfy neurotic urges that cannot be manifested
openly but to express normal sides of the personality that have just
not had a chance at realization.

Having managed to break free of the secure, everyday world and go
off to a dangerous new one, Campbell’s hero, to complete the
journey, must in turn break free of the new world, in which the hero
has by now become ensconced, and return to the everyday one. So
enticing is the new world that leaving it proves harder than leaving
home was. Circe, Calypso, the Sirens, and the Lotus Eaters thus
tempt Odysseus with a carefree, immortal life.
Though often misconstrued, Jung no less than Freud opposes a
state of sheer unconsciousness. Both strive to make the unconscious
conscious. The ideal for both remains consciousness. Jung
opposes the rejection of ordinary, or ego, consciousness for
unconsciousness as vigorously as he opposes the rejection
of unconsciousness for ego consciousness. He seeks a balance
between ego consciousness and the unconscious, between
consciousness of the external world and consciousness of the
107

Myth and psychology

By identifying himself with the hero of a myth, Rank’s male
myth-maker or reader vicariously lives out in his mind an adventure
that, if ever directly fulﬁlled, would be acted out on his parents
themselves. By contrast, Campbell’s male or female myth-maker or
reader vicariously lives out mentally an adventure that even when
directly fulﬁlled would still be taking place in the mind. For parts of
the mind are what the hero is really encountering. In drug lingo,
Campbell’s heroic adventure amounts to ‘tripping’.

unconscious. For Jung, the hero’s failure to return to the everyday
world would spell failure to resist the allure of the unconscious.
By contrast to Jung, Campbell seeks pure unconsciousness.
Campbell’s hero never returns to the everyday world. He surrenders
to the unconscious. Yet Campbell himself demands the hero’s
return to the everyday world. How, then, can his hero really be
rejecting it? The answer is that the world to which Campbell’s hero
returns is the strange, new world, which turns out to pervade the
everyday one. No separate everyday world exists. The everyday
world and the new world are really one:
The two worlds, the divine [i.e., new] and the human [i.e.,
everyday], can be pictured only as distinct from each other –
different as life and death, as day and night. . . . Nevertheless . . . the
two kingdoms are actually one.
Myth

(Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces, p. 217)

Like Dorothy in ‘The Wizard of Oz’, the hero need never have left
home after all. Where Jung espouses balance between ego
consciousness and the unconscious, Campbell espouses fusion.
Combining a philosophical interpretation of hero myths with a
psychological one, he takes all hero myths to be preaching mystical
oneness.

Adonis
While Jung himself mentions Adonis only in passing, he does
mention him as an instance of the archetype of the etemal child, or
puer aeternus. That archetype Jung also discusses only in passing,
though he does devote many pages to an allied archetype, the Great
Mother. Marie-Louise von Franz, one of Jung’s closest disciples,
wrote a book on the puer archetype, though she deals largely with
cases other than that of Adonis.
From a Jungian point of view, the myth of Adonis functions not
108

merely to present the archetype of the puer but also to assess it. The
myth serves as a warning to those who identify themselves with
the archetype. To live as a puer, the way Adonis does, is to live as a
psychological infant and, ultimately, as a foetus. The life of a puer in
myth invariably ends in premature death, which psychologically
means the death of the ego and a return to the womb-like unconscious
– but not, as for post-Freudian Rank, to the actual womb.
As an archetype, the puer constitutes a side of one’s personality,
which, as a side, must be accepted. A puer personality is one who
simply goes too far: he makes the puer the whole of his personality.
Unable to resist its spell, he surrenders himself to it, thereby
abandoning his ego and reverting to sheer unconsciousness.

Biologically, a puer can range in age from adolescence, the period
of most dramatic expression, to middle or even old age.
Psychologically, however, a puer is an infant. Where for Freud a
person in the grip of an Oedipus Complex is psychologically ﬁxated
at three to ﬁve years of age, for Jung a puer is ﬁxated at birth. Where
an Oedipus Complex presupposes an independent ego ‘egotistically’
seeking to possess the mother for itself, a puer involves a tenuous
ego seeking to surrender itself to the mother. A puer seeks not
domination but absorption – and thereby reversion to the state
prior even to birth.
109

Myth and psychology

The reason a puer personality cannot resist the puer archetype is
that he remains under the spell of the archetype of the Great
Mother, who initially is identical with the unconscious as a whole.
Unable to free himself from her, he never forges a strong,
independent ego, without which he cannot in turn resist any
smothering female he meets. His surrender to the puer archetype
means his surrender to the Great Mother, to whom he yearns only
to return. A puer ‘only lives on and through the mother and can
strike no roots, so that he ﬁnds himself in a state of permanent
incest’. Jung even calls him a mere ‘dream of the mother’, who
eventually draws him back into herself.

Myth

For Freud and for Rank, Freudian and post-Freudian alike,
attachment to the mother at any stage means attachment to one’s
actual mother or mother substitute. For Jung, attachment to the
mother means attachment to the mother archetype, of which one’s
actual mother or mother substitute is only a manifestation. Where
for Freud a boy should free himself of his yearning, infantile or
Oedipal, for his own mother, for Jung a boy should free himself of
his inclination to identify himself with the mother archetype. For
Freud, the failure to free oneself means eternal attachment to one’s
own mother. For Jung, it means the restriction of one’s personality
to the mother archetype within. Where for Freud the struggle for
freedom is between one person and another – son and mother – for
Jung it is between one part of a person and another – ego and
unconscious, which, again, the mother archetype ﬁrst symbolizes.
Because an archetype expresses itself only through symbols, never
directly, the aspects of the mother archetype which a boy knows
are only those ﬁltered through his actual mother or mother
substitute. A mother who refuses to let her son go limits him to
only the smothering, negative side of the mother archetype. A
mother who, however reluctantly, ﬁnally lets her child go opens him
to the nurturing, positive side of the archetype. Initially, any child is
reluctant to leave. A smothering mother, by revealing only the
smothering side of the mother archetype, tempts him to stay. A
nurturing mother, by revealing the nurturing side of the archetype
as well, prods him to resist the temptation. In all its aspects the
mother archetype, as an archetype, is inherited. One’s experience of
mother ﬁgures determines only which aspects of the archetype are
elicited. A boy who never experiences a nourishing mother ﬁgure
will never develop that dimension of the archetype latent in him.
A puer may be either conscious or unconscious of his character. To
be sure, even a conscious puer experiences alluring females as
epiphanies of the Great Mother, but at least he recognizes that other
males experience women differently – as possible mates. He simply
takes for granted that mystical union alone is right for him. He is
110

both aware and proud of his unconventionality. The best-known
case of a conscious puer is Casanova.
An unconscious puer, by contrast, assumes that everyone else is like
him. He assumes that all other males seek unity with women, for no
other possible relationship exists. A spectacular example is Elvis
Presley, a quintessential mamma’s boy who lived his last twenty
years as a recluse in a womb-like, infantile world in which all of his
wishes were immediately satisﬁed, yet who deemed himself entirely
normal, in fact ‘all-American’.

Just as a puer may be conscious or unconscious, so he may
outwardly be adjusted or maladjusted. Outwardly, he may be settled
in a marriage and a job, but he ﬁnds no satisfaction in them. Or he
may be unsettled even outwardly, as in the cases of Don Juan and
the eternal student.
The opposite of the puer archetype is that of the hero. The hero
succeeds where the puer fails. In the ﬁrst half of life an ego is heroic
in managing to liberate itself from the unconscious and to establish
itself in society. A hero manages to secure a fulﬁlling job and a mate.
A puer fails to do either. In the second half of life a now independent
ego is heroic in managing to break with society and to return to the
unconscious without thereby falling back into it. Where a hero in
the ﬁrst half of life establishes himself in the conventions of society,
a hero in the second half deﬁes those conventions. But a hero is
consciously deﬁant. A puer is only unconsciously so. Where a hero
risks everything for whatever he has committed himself to, a puer
111

Myth and psychology

A puer can thus be either an actual person or a symbol. Some
famous historical pueri even become symbols themselves.
While a historical puer is biologically an adult, a symbolic one
may never grow up, and can thereby exemplify exactly the
eternally young life that actual puer personalities strive to emulate.
The most celebrated symbolic pueri are Peter Pan and the Little
Prince.

has committed himself to nothing and so risks nothing. Where a real
hero is like Daedalus, a puer is like his son Icarus. Because a puer is a
failed hero in the ﬁrst half of life, he is necessarily a failed hero in
the second half as well. Indeed, for him there is no second half.

Myth

Adonis is a quintessential puer because he never marries, never
works, and dies young. He simply never grows up. He must ﬁrst
break out of a tree in order to be born. In Ovid’s version his
mother, transformed into the tree, is reluctant to let him out. Like
any other mother, she may be overjoyed at his conception, but
unlike normal mothers, she wants to hoard him. Adonis himself
has to ﬁnd an exit.
No sooner does Adonis emerge from the tree than, in Apollodorus’
version, Aphrodite thrusts him back – not, to be sure, into the tree
but into a chest. She thereby undoes the birth that had proved so
arduous. When Persephone, to whom Aphrodite has entrusted the
chest without revealing its contents, opens it, she likewise falls in
love with Adonis and refuses to return him. Each goddess, just like
his mother, wants to possess him exclusively. Though Zeus’ decision
leaves Adonis free for a third of the year, Adonis readily cedes his
third to Aphrodite. Never, then, is he outside the custody of these
archetypal mother ﬁgures.
Adonis is unable to resist the goddesses, but not because they
arouse him sexually. He sees them not as irresistibly beautiful
females but as his mother, with whom he seeks not intercourse
but absorption. Between him and the goddesses there exists the
primordial state of mystical oneness that Lucien Lévy-Bruhl,
whom Jung often cites, calls participation mystique (see Chapter 1).
Psychologically, Adonis is at exactly that stage of humanity which
Lévy-Bruhl and, following him, Jung consider primitive. Oblivious
to the difference between his life and anyone else’s, he is the most
extreme kind of puer – an unconscious as well as outward one.
Where Campbell would laud Adonis’ identiﬁcation with the world
as mystical, Jung condemns it as infantile.
112

Chapter 7
Myth and structure

Claude Lévi-Strauss
Claude Lévi-Strauss’ contribution to the study of myth, ﬁrst
considered in Chapter 1, was not only the revival of a Tylorian view
of myth as proto-scientiﬁc but, even more, the invention of a
‘structuralist’ approach to myth. Recall that for Lévi-Strauss myth is
an instance of thinking per se, modern or primitive, because it
classiﬁes phenomena. Humans, argues Lévi-Strauss, think in the
form of classiﬁcations, speciﬁcally pairs of oppositions, and project
them onto the world. Not only myth and science, which LéviStrauss treats as taxonomies, but cooking, music, art, literature,
dress, etiquette, marriage, and economics also evince humanity’s
pairing impulse.
For Lévi-Strauss, the distinctiveness of myth among these
phenomena is threefold. First, myth is seemingly the least
orderly of them: ‘It would seem that in the course of a myth
anything is likely to happen. There is [seemingly] no logic, no
continuity.’ To be able to organize even myths into sets of
oppositions would be to prove irrefutably that order is inherent
in all cultural phenomena and that the mind must therefore
underlie it. As Lévi-Strauss declares at the outset of Introduction
to a Science of Mythology, his four-volume tome on Native
American mythology:
113

The experiment I am now embarking on with mythology will
consequently be more decisive. . . . [I]f it were possible to prove in
this instance, too, that the apparent arbitrariness of the mind, its
supposedly spontaneous ﬂow of inspiration, and its seemingly
uncontrolled inventiveness imply the existence of laws operating at
a deeper level, we would inevitably be forced to conclude that when
the mind is left to commune with itself and no longer has to come to
terms with objects, it is in a sense reduced to imitating itself as
object . . . [I]f the human mind appears determined even in the
realm of mythology, a fortiori it must also be determined in all its
spheres of activity.
(Lévi-Strauss, The Raw and the Cooked, p. 10)

Myth

Like Tylor, Lévi-Strauss appeals to the orderliness of the mind
to prove that it stems from the scientiﬁc-like processes of
observation and hypothesis rather than from unbounded
imagination.
Second, myth, together with totemism, is the only exclusively
primitive phenomenon among the ones that Lévi-Strauss
considers. To prove that it is orderly would prove that its creator is
orderly, hence logical and intellectual, as well.
Third and most important, myth alone not only expresses
oppositions, which are equivalent to contradictions, but also
resolves them: ‘the purpose of myth is to provide a logical model
capable of overcoming a contradiction’. Myth resolves or, more
precisely, tempers a contradiction ‘dialectically’, by providing either
a mediating middle term or an analogous, but more easily resolved,
contradiction.
Like the contradictions expressed in other phenomena, those
expressed in myth are of innumerable kinds. All, however, are
apparently reducible to instances of the fundamental contradiction
between ‘nature’ and ‘culture’, a contradiction which stems from the
conﬂict that humans experience between themselves as animals,
114

and so a part of nature, and themselves as human beings, and so
a part of culture. That conﬂict is the projection onto the world of
the oppositional character of the human mind. Humans not only
think ‘oppositionally’ but consequently experience the world
‘oppositionally’ as well. It might, then, seem as if Lévi-Strauss,
like Freud and Jung, makes the subject matter of myth the mind
rather than the world. But in fact he does not. He is not, like them,
seeking to identify projections in order to withdraw them. He
is seeking simply to trace the source of them. (At the same time
Lévi-Strauss maintains that the world is itself organized
‘oppositionally’, so that human projections, while remaining
projections, match the nature of the world. Jung says the same in
his doctrine of synchronicity.) Once Lévi-Strauss does trace the
source of projections, he proceeds to deal with them as experiences
of the world, so that the subject matter of myth for him, as for
Bultmann, Jonas, and Camus, is the encounter with the world – but
with the world experienced as contradictory, not as alien.
115

Myth and structure

12. Claude Lévi-Strauss

The clearest examples of the conﬂict between nature and culture
are the recurrent oppositions that Lévi-Strauss ﬁnds between raw
and cooked food, wild and tame animals, and incest and exogamy.
It is much less clear how other oppositions that he ﬁnds – such as
those between sun and moon, earth and sky, hot and cold, high and
low, left and right, male and female, and life and death – symbolize
the split between nature and culture rather than a split within
nature. Similarly, it is far from clear how oppositions like those
of sister versus wife and of matrilocal and patrilocal kinship
symbolize other than a split within society and therefore within
culture.
According to Lévi-Strauss, the Oedipus myth tempers an instance
of the clash between nature and culture by noting that humans are
able to tolerate a parallel case of the clash:

Myth

Although the problem [i.e., the opposition] obviously cannot be
solved [i.e., resolved], the Oedipus myth provides a kind of logical
tool which, to phrase it coarsely, replaces the original problem. . . .
By a correlation of this type [i.e., of the original opposition with an
analogous one], the overrating of blood relations is to the
underrating of blood relations [i.e., the more easily tolerated
opposition] as the attempt to escape autochthony is to the
impossibility to succeed in it [i.e., the opposition needing resolution].
(Lévi-Strauss, ‘The Structural Study of Myth’, p. 82)

Arranging the elements of the myth not in the chronological order
of the plot but in the recurrent order of two sets of opposing pairs,
Lévi-Strauss argues that the myth is ameliorating the tension
within one pair by juxtaposing it with a comparable pair that is
already accepted. The already accepted opposition is that between
the ‘overrating’ and the ‘underrating’ of ‘blood relations’. Overrating
refers to either the commission of incest (Oedipus’ marrying his
mother) or the violation of a prohibition in the name of family
(Antigone’s burying her brother Polynices). ‘Underrating’ refers to
either fratricide (Eteocles’ killing his brother Polynices) or patricide
116

(Oedipus’ killing his father). Overrating represents nature, for it
is instinctual. Underrating represents culture, for it is unnatural.
In taking on the myth of Oedipus, and in focusing on familial sex
and killing, Lévi-Strauss might appear to be following Freud, but in
fact he dismisses Freud’s analysis as just one more version of the
myth itself rather than as even an inferior analysis of it.

Yet other myths fail to overcome oppositions to even this extent.
They show instead that any alternative arrangement would be
worse. The Tsimshian Native American myth of Asdiwal, for
example, serves
to justify the shortcomings [i.e., the contradictions] of reality, since
the extreme [i.e., alternative] positions are only imagined in order to
show that they are untenable.
(Lévi-Strauss, ‘The Study of Asdiwal’, p. 30)

Rather than resolving the contradiction between death and life, a
myth makes death superior to immortality, or eternal life:
117

Myth and structure

In the myth of Oedipus the opposition requiring acceptance is that
between the ‘denial’ and the ‘afﬁrmation’ of ‘autochthonous origin’.
Denial refers to the killing of earthborn monsters which either
prevent the birth of humans (Kadmos’ killing the dragon, from the
extracted teeth of which humans are born) or threaten the survival
of humans (Oedipus’ killing the Sphinx, which is starving Thebes).
Afﬁrmation refers to the common mythological association of
humans born from the earth with difﬁculty in walking (Oedipus’
name meaning ‘swollen footed’). To kill earthborn monsters is to
deny the connection of humans to the earth; to name humans on
basis of difﬁculty in walking is to afﬁrm the connection of humans
to the earth. Denial represents nature, for humans are in fact born
from human parents rather than from the earth. Afﬁrmation
represents culture, for mythology maintains that humans are born
from the earth. How ancient Greeks were able to tolerate the one set of
oppositions more easily than the other, Lévi-Strauss never discloses.

The Indians of North America explain this by saying that if death
did not exist, the earth would become overpopulated and there
would not be room for everyone.
(Lévi-Strauss, in André Akoun et al., ‘A Conversation
with Claude Lévi-Strauss’, p. 74)

Myth

Because myth concerns the human experience of the world, not to
say the deepest anxieties experienced in the world, it would
seemingly have existential import, as myth does for Bultmann,
Jonas, and Camus. Yet Lévi-Strauss, like Tylor, treats myth as a
coldly intellectual phenomenon: the oppositions expressed in myth
constitute logical puzzles rather than existential predicaments.
Myth involves thinking, not feeling. At the same time myth involves
more the process than the content of thinking. Here Lévi-Strauss
anticipates the focus of contemporary cognitive psychologists.
In calling his approach to myth ‘structuralist’, Lévi-Strauss intends
to distinguish it from ‘narrative’ interpretations, or those that
adhere to the plot of myth. All other theories discussed here do so.
Whether their meaning is literal or symbolic, they deem myth a
story, progressing from beginning to end. Not all these theorists, to
be sure, are equally interested in the plot. Lévy-Bruhl, for example,
is concerned with the world view underlying it, but he still
attributes a plot to myth. For Tylor, by contrast, the plot is central:
myth presents the process by which the world was created or
operates.
Lévi-Strauss alone dispenses with the plot, or ‘diachronic
dimension’, of myth and locates the meaning of myth in the
structure, or ‘synchronic dimension’. Where the plot of a myth is
that event A leads to event B, which leads to event C, which leads to
event D, the structure, which is identical with the expression and
resolution of contradictions, is either that events A and B constitute
an opposition mediated by event C, or that events A and B, which
constitute the same opposition, are to each other as events C and D,
an analogous opposition, are to each other.
118

Every myth contains a series of oppositional sets, each composed of
a pair of oppositions resolved one way or the other. The relationship
among the sets matches that among the elements within each set.
Rather than set one’s leading to set two, which leads to set three,
which leads to set four, either set three mediates the opposition
between set one and set two, or set one is to set two as set three is to
set four.

The structural meaning of a myth is interlocking because the
meaning of any element within a set lies not in itself but in its
‘dialectical’ relationship to other elements in the set. Similarly, the
meaning of any set lies not in itself but in its ‘dialectical’
relationship to other sets. By itself, an element or a set has no
meaning, literal or symbolic.
A myth has the same interlocking and noncumulative relationship
to other myths as its parts have to one another. Its meaning lies not
in itself but in its ‘dialectical’ relationship to other myths, and the
set composed of these myths represents the ‘transformation’ rather
than the consequence of its predecessor. Finally, myths collectively
have the same relationship to other human phenomena, including
rituals, as individual myths have to one another. In Lévi-Strauss’
unique brand of myth-ritualism, myths and rituals operate
together, but as structural opposites rather than, as for other
myth-ritualists, parallels.
119

Myth and structure

The structural meaning of a myth is both noncumulative and
interlocking. It is noncumulative because the myth contains a series
of resolutions of the oppositions it expresses rather than a single,
gradual resolution. Every three or four sets provide a resolution,
and in either of the fashions described, but the myth as a whole does
not. Its meaning is thus cyclical rather than linear, recurrent rather
than progressive. Each cycle of three or four sets, like each cycle of
the three or four elements within a set, represents not the
consequence but only the ‘transformation’, or variant expression, of
its predecessor.

Vladimir Propp, Georges Dumézil, and the
Gernet School

Myth

Lévi-Strauss is not the only or even the earliest theorist of myth
labelled a structuralist. Notably, the Russian folklorist Vladimir
Propp (1895–1970) and the French Indo-Europeanist Georges
Dumézil (1898–1986) wrote both before Lévi-Strauss and
independently of him. The common plot that, as summarized in the
chapter on myth and literature, Propp deciphers in Russian fairy
tales is his structure. Unlike that of Lévi-Strauss, who disdains his
effort for this reason, Propp’s structure remains on the narrative
level and is therefore no different from the kind of ‘structure’ found
by Otto Rank, Joseph Campbell, and Lord Raglan. By contrast, the
structure that Dumézil unravels lies no less beneath the surface
level than Lévi-Strauss’, but it reﬂects the order of society rather
than, as for Lévi-Strauss, the order of the mind, and is three-part
rather than two-part.
A group of French classicists inspired by Louis Gernet and headed
by Jean-Pierre Vernant (b. 1914) have proved the most faithful
followers of Lévi-Strauss’ brand of structuralism, though even they
have adapted it. Lévi-Strauss has regularly been lambasted for
isolating myth from its various contexts – social, cultural, political,
economic, even sexual. In his essay on Asdiwal he does provide a
detailed ethnographic analysis of a myth, examining and
integrating geographical, economic, sociological, and cosmological
factors. But he does so almost nowhere else. Vernant and his fellow
classicists – notably, Marcel Detienne, Pierre Vidal-Naquet, and
Nicole Loraux – have taken the analysis of Asdiwal as their model.
As the heirs of Lévi-Strauss, these classicists have sought to
decipher underlying, often latent patterns in myths, but they have
then sought to link those patterns to ones in the culture at large.

Marcel Detienne on Adonis
The French classicist Marcel Detienne (b. 1936), at the time a
staunch disciple of Lévi-Strauss, devoted a whole book to the myth
120

of Adonis: The Gardens of Adonis. Where for Frazer Adonis is an
impersonal force rather than a god, for Detienne Adonis is a human
being rather than a god. Where for Frazer Adonis symbolizes
vegetation, for Detienne one form of vegetation symbolizes –
better, parallels – Adonis. Where for Frazer Adonis, like vegetation,
annually dies and revives, for Detienne Adonis, like the vegetation
associated with him, grows up quickly and then just as quickly
dies, once and for all. Above all, where for Frazer the meaning of
the myth lies in the plot – the birth, adolescence, death, and
rebirth of Adonis – for Detienne the meaning lies in the dialectical
relationship among the elements of the plot – characters, places,
times, and events.

Detienne ﬁrst associates spices with the gods, cereals and cooked
meat with humans, and lettuce and raw meat with animals. Spices
are burned during sacriﬁces to the gods. The smell ascends to the
gods, who inhale it as the equivalent of food. Because the meat is
cooked rather than burned, it goes to humans, who also cultivate
cereals. Just as burned meat goes to the gods in the form of fumes,
so raw meat goes to animals, with which Detienne also somehow
links lettuce. Spices are further associated with the gods because of
their relationship to the sun and so, as the place atop earth in the
Greek imagination, to Olympus. Spices not only are burned by the
sun but also grow where and when the sun is nearest: in the hottest
places and on the hottest days of summer. By contrast, lettuce is
cold and is therefore connected with the coldest places and times:
121

Myth and structure

For Detienne, following Lévi-Strauss, this dialectical relationship
exists on a host of levels: dietary, botanical, astronomical,
seasonal, religious, and social. At each level a middle ground
lies between extremes. The levels parallel, not symbolize, one
another. The relationship among the elements at, say, the
dietary level is similar to that at the botanical. Still, the dietary
level – with cereals and cooked meat lying between spices at one
extreme and lettuce and raw meat at the other – most tightly links
the others.

the world below earth – the seas and the Underworld – and winter.
To eat meat raw is to eat it ‘cold’.

Myth

Cereals and cooked meat lie between spices on the one hand and
lettuce and raw meat on the other. Just as, for humans, meat must
be cooked rather than either burned or eaten raw, so cereals, to
grow, need some sun but not too much: ‘In the middle range,
situated at a fair distance from the ﬁre of the sun, are the edible
plants, . . . the cereals and the fruits.’ Cereals are therefore grown
neither above ground nor below it but in it. Where spices are
gathered during the summer and lettuce somehow during the
winter, crops are harvested in the autumn in between.
Spices are tied to the gods for other reasons. Less cultivated than
gathered, they require no work and thereby beﬁt the lives of the
gods. Conversely, animals, eating only what they ﬁnd, do not work
for their supper either. But the gods eat what they want. Animals eat
only what they ﬁnd. The gods, then, do not have to work to eat
better than humans. Animals, by not working, eat worse than
humans. Humans again fall in between. They must work to eat, but
when they work, they have enough, if barely enough, to eat. In the
Greek poet Hesiod’s Golden Age, humans were like the gods
precisely because they had plenty without working. In the future
they will be like animals, refusing to work, and so presumably
going hungry.
Spices are associated not only with gods but also with promiscuity.
Rather than making promiscuity a divine prerogative, Detienne
deems Zeus and Hera the perfect couple, even in the face of Zeus’
escapades: ‘the Zeus-Hera couple stresses the ritual consecration
that sanctions the unity of husband and wife’. Not gods but spices,
with their fragrant, hence seductive, aroma, are connected to
promiscuity: ‘In the form of ointments, perfumes and other
cosmetic products they [spices] also have an erotic function.’ Not
coincidentally, spices pervaded the Adonia festival, which was
celebrated during the hottest days and which was notorious for its
122

promiscuity. Conversely, Detienne links not animals but lettuce
and raw meat to sterility and celibacy. For the foul smell of at
least rotten, if not raw, meat – Detienne somehow equates the
two – repels rather than attracts and thereby fends off sex. Not
coincidentally, the women of Lemnos were spurned by men because
of their stench.
Between promiscuity on the one hand and sterility or celibacy
on the other stands marriage, with which, notes Detienne, the
Thesmophoria festival was connected. Though barred to men, the
festival, which was celebrated annually at Athens for three days,
really celebrated marriage. If its celebrants were all female, they
were also all married. Falling between the fragrance of the Adonia
and the stench of Lemnos, the mildly foul smell of the festival
served to fend off men during only the festival.

For Detienne, as a structuralist, the extremes on each level parallel,
not symbolize, the life of Adonis. At each level the extremes are to
the middle as Adonis is to normal humans. Where for Frazer the
myth uses humans to symbolize impersonal forces of nature, for
Detienne the myth uses impersonal forces of nature as analogues to
human behaviour.
The gardens of Adonis, planted during the Adonia festival, involve
little work. The plants shoot up immediately. Tending them
parallels the toilless lives of the gods. In fact, the gardens are like the
spices of the gods. The plants are merely gathered, not cultivated,
and grow in the hottest places and times. They are carried to the
123

Myth and structure

Detienne connects all of these levels with the life of Adonis and with
the ritualistic gardens dedicated to him. At every level, argues
Detienne, Adonis falls in either extreme rather than in the middle.
Indeed, Adonis jumps from one extreme to the other, bypassing the
middle. Adonis’ fate represents that of any human who dares to act
like a god: he is reduced to an animal. Daring to be promiscuous, he
proves impotent.

Myth

roofs of houses at the height of summer. Where regular crops take
eight months to grow, the plants take only eight days. Where
regular crops demand the strength of men, the gardens are tended
by women. Unlike the spices, however, the gardens die as quickly as
they sprout; and unlike regular crops, they die without yielding
food. Having begun above the earth, they end up below it – cast into
the sea. In short, the gardens are a futile ‘get rich quick’ scheme to
get food without work. Gods need not work, but humans must. When
they seek ‘fast food’ instead of regular fare, they get no food at all.
Adonis himself is related to spices through his mother, Myrrha, who
becomes a myrrh tree. Adonis’ gestation takes place in the tree, and
his birth requires his breaking out of it. In Ovid’s version wood
nymphs even bathe the infant in the myrrh formed from his
mother’s tears. More important, Adonis is tied to spices through
promiscuity. Unable to control her desire, Adonis’ mother commits
incest with her father. Unable to control their desire, Aphrodite and
Persephone, according to Apollodorus, ﬁght for custody of the
infant Adonis. Adonis himself, for Detienne, is less an innocent
victim of divine seduction than a seducer of divinities.
Adonis is a precocious seducer. Like the gardens, he grows up
quickly. But like the gardens as well, he dies quickly. Just as the
gardens die too early to yield any food, so Adonis dies too young to
marry and have children. Having begun promiscuous, he ends up
sterile. Conversely, his mother, who began sterile or at least
abstinent – she had spurned all males – becomes promiscuous at
the least. Jumping from one extreme to the other, mother and son
alike reject and, more, threaten the middle ground of marriage.
Adonis’ sterility takes the form of not only childlessness but also
effeminacy. His death from the boar shows his unﬁtness for the
masculine hunt. Instead of the hunter, he becomes the hunted: ‘The
perfect antithesis of a warrior hero such as Herakles’, Adonis ‘is nothing
more than a victim as weak as he is pitiable’. Adonis’ effeminacy
signiﬁes insufﬁcient distance between male and female. His mother’s
124

initial rejection of all males signiﬁes the opposite. The ideal lies,
again, in between: males and females should be related but distinct.
Just as Detienne links Adonis’ promiscuity with spices, so he links
Adonis’ sterility and death with lettuce, in which, in several variants
of the myth, Adonis tries vainly to hide from the boar. Just as myrrh
‘has the power to arouse the desires of an old man’, so lettuce ‘can
extinguish the ardour of young lovers’. Lettuce ‘brings impotence,
which is equivalent to death’.
Put summarily, Adonis does not know his place. He does not know
that he is neither god nor animal but human and that what is
distinctively human is marriage. In dying before marrying, he fails
to fulﬁl his human nature.

125

Myth and structure

If the meaning of the myth for Detienne is the presentation of an
almost endless series of levels, the function of the myth is social. It
advocates marriage as the middle ground between promiscuity on
the one hand and sterility or celibacy on the other. In the next
chapter I will be arguing that the myth advocates marriage as a
bulwark of the polis.

Chapter 8
Myth and society

Bronislaw Malinowski
Where for Tylor and Frazer myth deals exclusively, or nearly
exclusively, with physical phenomena – ﬂooding, disease,
death – for Bronislaw Malinowski myth deals even more with
social phenomena – marriage, taxes, and, as already considered
in Chapter 4, ritual. Myth still serves to reconcile humans to
the unpleasantries of life, but now to unpleasantries that, far
from unalterable, can be cast off. Here, too, myths spur
resigned acceptance by tracing these unpleasantries – or at
least impositions – back to a hoary past, thereby conferring on
them the clout of tradition:
The myth comes into play when rite, ceremony, or a social or moral
rule demands justiﬁcation, warrant of antiquity, reality, and sanctity.
(Malinowski, ‘Myth in Primitive Psychology’, p. 107)

Myth persuades denizens to defer to, say, ranks in society by
pronouncing those ranks long-standing and in that sense deserved.
A myth about the British monarchy would make the institution as
ancient as possible, so that to tamper with it would be to tamper
with tradition. In England today fox hunting is defended on the
grounds that it has long been part of country life. Social myths say,
‘Do this because this has always been done.’ In the case of physical
126

phenomena the beneﬁciary of myth is the individual. In the case of
social phenomena the beneﬁciary is society itself.
To say that myth traces back the origin of phenomena is equivalent
to saying that myth explains those phenomena. When, then,
Malinowski, railing against Tylor, declares that primitives ‘do not
want to ‘‘explain,’’ to make ‘‘intelligible’’ anything which happens in
their myths’, he is really asserting that myths are not, as for Tylor,
explanations for their own sake. Yet explanations they must still be,
for only by explaining phenomena do they serve their conciliatory
function.
Malinowski never makes clear whether moderns as well as
primitives have myths. As modern science provides far more control
over the physical world than primitive science does, there are surely
fewer modern myths of physical phenomena. If there are none,
there can still be modern myths of social phenomena. If not even
these remain, their place has been taken by ideology.
127

Myth and society

13. Bronislaw Malinowski, c.1935

Georges Sorel
The view of myth as itself ideology is to be found classically in
Reﬂections on Violence, by the French syndicalist Georges Sorel
(1847–1922). For Sorel, myth is eternal, not merely primitive, and,
antithetically to Malinowski, serves not to bolster society but to
topple it. Sorel asserts that the only way to establish the socialist
ideal is through revolution, which requires both violence and myth.
By ‘violence’ he means forceful action but not mere bloodshed.
The key ‘violent’ action is a strike by all workers. By ‘myth’ he means
a guiding ideology, one that preaches an imminent end to present
society, advocates a ﬁght to the death with the ruling class, makes
rebels heroes, declares the certainty of victory, and espouses a moral
standard for the future society:
In the course of this study one thing has always been present in my
Myth

mind . . . – that men who are participating in a great social
movement always picture their coming action as a battle in which
their cause is certain to triumph. These constructions . . . I propose
to call myths; the syndicalist ‘general strike’ and Marx’s catastrophic
revolution are such myths. . . . Catholics have never been discouraged
even in the hardest trials, because they have always pictured the
history of the Church as a series of battles between Satan and the
hierarchy supported by Christ; every new difﬁculty which arises is
only an episode in a war which must ﬁnally end in the victory of
Catholicism.
(Sorel, Reﬂections on Violence, pp. 41–2)

Oliver Cromwell’s vowed determination to remove King Charles I of
England would typify myth for Sorel.
Sorel asserts that both violence and myth are indispensable for
revolution and are therefore justiﬁed. He spurns any neutral,
scientiﬁc analysis of myth, including a Marxist one. He turns
Marxism itself into a myth, for commitment to it goads followers to
revolution. Sorel is like Malinowski in his indifference to the truth
128

of myth. For both, what matters is that myth works when believed
to be true. And for Sorel, the ultimate truth of myth – the success of
a revolution – is unknowable in advance anyway.
For Malinowski, myth is like ideology in justifying submission to
society. For Sorel, myth is ideology in justifying rejection of society.
Sorel’s theory is wholly inapplicable to the case of Adonis, who acts
alone, is more passive victim than active agent, and is hardly
motivated by any ideology. Sorel’s theory clearly ﬁts today’s
terrorists, whose myth justiﬁes 9/11 as the ﬁrst stage in the defeat
of the reigning international power, the demonized America. Yet
how much Sorel’s theory actually illuminates any myth beyond
labelling it as such, it is not easy to see.

René Girard

In Violence and the Sacred Girard, like Raglan and Rank, cites
Oedipus as the best example of his theory. Far from causing the
plague besetting Thebes during his reign as king, Oedipus,
according to Girard, is in fact an innocent victim. Either there never
was a plague, or the plague was not the cause of the upheaval. Or
the plague is a metaphor for violence, which has spread across
society like a contagion. The violence among Thebans is evinced in
the tension among the principals of Sophocles’ play: Oedipus,
Creon, and Teiresias. The only way to end the violence and thereby
preserve society is by making a scapegoat of a vulnerable member
of society. Even though the king, Oedipus is doubly stigmatized
129

Myth and society

René Girard, whose take on Frazer’s myth-ritualism was considered
in Chapter 5, transforms not merely the relationship between
myth and ritual but also the origin and function of both. The two
arise to secure not food but peace. The scapegoat, whether king or
commoner, is sacriﬁced to end not winter but violence, which is the
problem rather than, as for Sorel, the solution. Myth and ritual are
ways of coping not with nature but with human nature – with
human aggression.

and thereby doubly vulnerable. He is an outsider: he is not yet
known to be a Theban and has won the throne not by heredity but
by the toppling of the Sphinx. And he is a cripple – the result of
the piercing of his tendons at birth. The myth, concocted only after
Oedipus’ downfall, serves to absolve the community by blaming
him: he has killed his father and married his mother, and it is for his
parricide and his incest that Thebes now endures plague. Or so
argues Sophocles’ Teiresias:
If we take Tiresias’s reply literally, the terrible charges of patricide
and incest that he has just leveled at Oedipus did not stem from any
supernatural source of information [and so do not represent the
‘truth’]. The accusation is simply an act of reprisal arising from
the hostile exchange of a tragic debate. Oedipus unintentionally
initiates the process by forcing Tiresias to speak. He accuses Tiresias
of having had a part in the murder of [Oedipus’ father] Laius; he
Myth

prods Tiresias into reprisal, into hurling the accusation back at
him. . . . [For each] to accuse the other of Laius’ murder is to
attribute to him sole responsibility for the sacriﬁcial crisis; but as we
have seen, everybody shares equal responsibility, because everybody
participates in the destruction of a cultural order.
(Girard, Violence and the Sacred, p. 71)

In actuality, according to Girard, Thebans simply decide to accept
Teiresias’ and Creon’s opinions rather than Oedipus’ over who is
responsible for the breakdown in society. Only the subsequent myth
turns the victors’ opinions into the truth:
The Thebans – religious believers – sought a cure for their ills in a
formal acceptance of the myth, in making it the indisputable version
of the events that had recently convulsed the city and in making it
the charter for a new cultural order – by convincing themselves, in
short, that all their miseries were due exclusively to the plague. Such
an attitude requires absolute faith in the guilt of the surrogate
victim.
(Girard, Violence and the Sacred, p. 83)
130

That collective violence rather than the individual Oedipus is the
real cause of the problem is borne out by events thereafter. True,
the plague ends, but it is soon followed by a ﬁght for the throne
among Creon; Oedipus’ son Polynices; and his other son, Eteocles.
According to Girard, Sophocles challenges the myth, but never
explicitly, so that the play has regularly has been taken, by
Harrison and Murray included, as the dramatized version of the
myth rather than as, for the more perceptive Girard, a challenge
to the myth.

But by the time of Oedipus at Colonus Oedipus’ stature has grown.
Having arrived, after years of wandering, at Colonus, near Athens,
he is now beckoned to return to Thebes. Just as the welfare of
Thebes once depended on Oedipus’ exile, so now it depends on
his return. Oedipus refuses, for we learn that he had wanted to
remain at Thebes following the events in Oedipus the King but
had eventually been forcibly exiled by Creon and others. Now Creon
is prepared to seize him and bring him back to Thebes. King
Theseus offers Oedipus asylum. In return, Oedipus declares that his
burial spot in Athens will protect Athens against Thebes. In short,
Oedipus, having in Oedipus as King begun as a divine-like King of
Thebes, in Oedipus at Colonus ends as a divine-like benefactor
of Athens.
131

Myth and society

But the myth, which continues with Oedipus at Colonus, does
more than blame Oedipus for Theban woes. It proceeds to turn
him into a hero. Even as king, Oedipus is heroic in deeming it
his duty to end the plague that has befallen his subjects, in
vowing to discover who the culprit is, and in insisting on being
banished once he discovers that he himself is the culprit.
Yet for Girard the real hero is not the fallen, self-sacriﬁcing
Oedipus, as for Raglan, but the elevated one. Even as culprit,
Oedipus has the power to save Thebes: just as his presence caused
the plague, so his departure ends it. He is a hero even while a
criminal. He already has the god-like power both to bring plague
and to end it.

Adonis
Ancient Greeks linked psychological immaturity to political
immaturity: Adonis’ failure to become an adult would have meant
his failure to become a citizen. Adonis would have been suited for
precisely that form of government which involves no responsibility
and assumes political infancy: tyranny. Adonis’ submission to
mother-like gods ﬁts a matriarchal society. Having experienced
only smothering females, he projects those qualities onto all females
and thereby submits unquestioningly to them.

Myth

The family constitutes the link between personality and the polis,
the city-state run by male citizens. The opposition that Herodotus
draws between the polis of Greece, in which even the ruler is subject
to the law, and the tyranny of the East, in which the ruler is above
the law, holds for family life as well.
To demonstrate the tyranny of Eastern potentates, Herodotus
catalogues their violations of familial mores. King Candaules of
Sardis orders Gyges, his bodyguard, to look secretly at the Queen as
she disrobes. She then forces Gyges to kill her husband (Herodotus
1.8–13). Solon tells King Croesus of Lydia that the happiest man he
has known was an obscure Athenian who had ﬁne sons and lived to
see them raise children in turn. Croesus himself has two sons,
one deaf and dumb, the other killed – like Adonis, while hunting
boar – by a friend who had accidentally killed his brother and been
banished by his father for it (Herodotus 1.29–33). King Astyages of
Media orders Cyrus, his grandson, to be killed at birth to prevent
his usurpation of the throne. In revenge for Harpagus’ failure to
carry out the deed, Astyages serves him up his son. Cyrus
subsequently does topple, though not kill, his grandfather
(Herodotus 1.117–19). King Cambyses of Persia, Cyrus’ son and
successor, marries two of his sisters, murders one of them, and
murders his brother as well. He goes insane and dies childless
(Herodotus 3.31–32). And so on through, worst of all, King Xerxes
of Persia.
132

As for the domestic lives of Greek tyrants, whom Herodotus
acknowledges but deems aberrations, Periandros of Corinth
murders his wife, deposes his father-in-law, and dispossesses his
one talented son (Herodotus 3.50.3–3.52.6). Peisistratos of Athens
refuses to have ‘normal’ sex with his second wife because he fears a
curse upon her family (Herodotus 1.61.1).

Until Cleisthenes in 507 bc changed the basis of Athenian
citizenship from kinship to locale, membership in a phratry, or
kinship group, was prerequisite. Even after the deme, which was a
matter of locale, replaced the phratry as the prime political unit, the
phratry remained important. Though a fourth-century Athenian,
for example, could be a citizen without belonging to a phratry,
his position would be both ‘uncomfortable and questionable’.
Moreover, membership in the deme was itself hereditary.
Consequently, citizenship remained a matter of birth, as the
Constitution of the Athenians, referring to the time after
Cleisthenes, states.
The Greeks linked immaturity not only to politics but also to
hunting. Adonis’ haplessness at hunting would have symbolized his
haplessness at adulthood. He becomes the hunted instead of the
hunter. He has no conception of hunting and of its dangers. Either
he thinks the world maternal, or he thinks himself protected from it
133

Myth and society

Adonis is incapable of citizenship because he, like the tyrants, is
incapable of family life. On the one hand he fosters no family: he
never marries, has no children, and dies young. On the other hand
he is born into no family: he is the child of incest, not marriage, and
his father tries to kill his mother. He is thus barred doubly from
citizenship: he lacks not only maturity but also a pedigree, itself the
result of the immaturity of his mother. If Herodotus testiﬁes to the
political necessity of siring a family, the Aristotelian Constitution of
the Athenians testiﬁes to the political necessity of descending from
one: ‘the right of citizenship belongs to those whose parents have
been citizens’.

by maternal goddesses. To Venus’ warnings that dangerous animals
respect neither youth nor beauty, he is deaf.

Myth

The tie between human and hunter becomes a metaphor
for the tie between human and citizen. Pierre Vidal-Naquet
(b. 1930) suggests that hunting was a key aspect of the two-year
military stint that, according to the Constitution of the Athenians,
Athenian youths were required to undergo before citizenship.
Vidal-Naquet argues that those years were a rite of passage and
therefore involved a break with the life that the youths, or
ephebes, both had known until now and would know afterwards.
The ephebes thus spent their years at the frontier rather than in
the city and spent them with one another rather than with their
families.
Above all, claims Vidal-Naquet, the adolescent ephebes engaged in
a brand of hunting that was the opposite of the brand that, as
adult hoplites, they would soon be undertaking. As ephebes, they
hunted individually, in the mountains, at night, and armed only
with nets – thereby relying on trickery to capture their prey. As
hoplites, they would be hunting in a group, on the plain, during
the day, and armed with spears – thus relying on courage and skill
to kill their prey. The contrast between the hunting of ephebes and
the hunting of hoplites served to inculcate hoplite values in the
ephebes.
Vidal-Naquet’s evidence for the link of the ephebeia with hunting
is twofold. He appeals, ﬁrst, to the myth associated with the
Apatouria, the festival at which Athenian fathers registered their
sixteen-year-old sons as at once citizens, members of phratries,
and ephebes for two years. Vidal-Naquet asserts that the subject
of the myth, the Athenian Melanthos, or ‘Black One’, is a negative
model for the ephebes: he is an ephebe who never becomes a
hoplite. Even as an adult, he resorts to deceit rather than
courage or skill to defeat his opponent, the Boeotian King Xanthos
(the ‘Blond One’).
134

Vidal-Naquet appeals, second, to the ﬁgure of Melanion, the Black
Hunter, as described by Aristophanes:
I wish to tell you a story I once heard
when I was still a boy:
how there was once a youth, by the name of Melanion,
who, eschewing marriage, went away to live in the mountains.
He spent the time hunting hares,
for which he set snares,
and he had a dog,
and he hated women so much that he never went home again.
Melanion loathed women, and so, no less than he,
do we, the wise.
(Aristophanes, Lysistrata, 781–96)

If one extrapolates from Melanthos as ﬁghter to him as hunter, both
he and Melanion succeed at hunting of only an adolescent variety.
But Adonis is worse: he fails at hunting of any kind. He is thus not,
like Melanthos and Melanion, merely an adolescent who never
advances to adulthood but an infant who never even advances to
childhood. The severity of his failure as a hunter signiﬁes the
severity of his failure as a citizen. The myth preaches citizenship,
just by a conspicuously negative example.

135

Myth and society

The connection between Melanion and the ephebeia is both
that Melanion, as a fellow black character, has all of the dark
associations of Melanthos, and that Melanion is an ephebe-like
hunter who never marries.

This page intentionally left blank

Conclusion: The future of
the study of myth

Nineteenth-century theories of myth, if one can generalize from the
cases of Tylor and Frazer, saw myth as entirely about the physical
world. Myth was assumed to be part of religion, which was assumed
to be the primitive counterpart to science, which in turn was
assumed to be wholly modern. In the twentieth century Tylor’s and
Frazer’s theories have been spurned exactly for pitting myth against
science and thereby precluding traditional myths, for subsuming
myth under religion and thereby precluding secular myths,
for deeming the subject matter of myth the physical world, for
deeming the function of myth explanatory, and for deeming
myth false.
The overarching twentieth-century rejoinder to Tylor and Frazer
has been the denial that myth must go when science comes.
Twentieth-century theories have deﬁantly sought to preserve myth
in the face of science. Yet they have not done so by challenging
science as the reigning explanation of the physical world. They have
not taken any of the easy routes: ‘relativizing’ science, ‘sociologizing’
science, or ‘mythicizing’ science. Rather, they have re-characterized
myth. Either myth, while still about the world, is not an
explanation, in which case its function differs from that of science
(Malinowski, Eliade), or myth, read symbolically, is not even about
the physical world (Bultmann, Jonas, Camus). Or both (Freud,
Rank, Jung, Campbell). In the twentieth century myth has been
137

reconciled with science by the reconﬁguration of myth, not by any
reconﬁguration of science. Only at the end of the century, with the
emergence of postmodernism, has the deference to science been
questioned.

Myth

In so far as twentieth-century theories have not challenged the
supremacy of science, why bother trying to reconcile myth with
science? Why not simply accept the nineteenth-century view and
dispense with myth in favour of science? The twentieth-century
answer has been that the restriction of myth to either a literal
explanation (Tylor) or a symbolic description (Frazer) of physical
events fails to account for the array of other functions and meanings
that myth harbours. The tell-tale evidence of these other functions
and meanings is that myth is still around. If Tylor and Frazer were
right, myth would by now be long dead.

D. W. Winnicott
In the twenty-ﬁrst century the question is whether myth can be
brought back to the external world – without facilely dismissing
the authority of science. As a way of doing so, I propose applying
to myth the analysis of play by the English child psychiatrist
and psychoanalyst D. W. Winnicott (1896–1971).
For Winnicott, play is acknowledged as other than reality: children
grant that they are just playing. Play grants itself the right to treat
a spoon as a train, and a parent is barred from asking whether
the spoon really is a train. But once play is over, the train is again a
mere spoon. Still, play is more than fantasy or escapism. It is the
construction of a reality with personal meaning. It takes something
from the everyday world – a spoon – and transforms it into
something more – a train.
As adult extensions of play, Winnicott, in stereotypically English
fashion, names gardening and cooking, in both of which one creates
a world with personal meaning out of elements from the external
138

world. Winnicott also names art and religion, in both of which one
constructs a world with a far deeper meaning:
It is assumed here that the task of reality-acceptance is never
completed, that no human being is free from the strain of relating
inner and outer reality, and that relief from this strain is provided by
an intermediate area of experience which is not challenged (arts,
religion, etc.). This intermediate area is in direct continuity with the
play area of the small child who is ‘lost’ in play.
(Winnicott, ‘Transitional Objects and Transitional
Phenomena’, p. 13)

Doubtless not all myths are treated as make-believe. Some myths
can likely be taken only as unassailable truths – for example, myths
about the impending end of the world. Other myths can surely be
taken either way – for example, the belief in progress, ideologies,
and world views like Marxism. Taken as make-believe, these kinds
of myths serve as guides to the world rather than as depictions of
the world.
The ‘rags to riches’ myth would fall here – if, that is, a mere credo
dare qualify as a myth. The credo can certainly be held as a dogma,
as ironically it is held at least as effusively around the world as
in America itself, and can lead to frustration and recrimination
139

Conclusion: The future of the study of myth

In Winnicott’s terms, play is a ‘transitional’ activity. It provides a
transition from childhood to adulthood, from the inner world of
fantasy to outer reality, and from the known outer world to the
unknown one. Just as a child clings to a physical object – a teddy
bear – to create a safe world that then enables the child to
explore with conﬁdence the outside world, so an adult clings to
an internalized object – a hobby, an interest, a value, or, I suggest, a
myth – that then enables the adult to deal with a much wider world.
Just as the child knows that the teddy bear is not Mummy yet clings
to it as if it were, so the adult recognizes that the myth is not reality
yet adheres to it as if it were. Myth is ‘make-believe’.

when it does not pan out. But the myth can also be held as
‘make-believe’ – not as a false characterization of American life but
as a hoped-for one. Here America is seen as if it were a haven of
opportunity. The present-day epitome of this myth is Anthony
Robbins, salesman par excellence for success. His myth is a
story – his story of his own rise from loser to winner. What,
according to Robbins, keeps others from succeeding? Not trying.

Myth

Admittedly, Robbins’ myth is still about the social world and not
about the physical one. Better, then, are the biographies of those
credited with divine-like powers – namely, celebrities. It is they who
lead campaigns not merely to eradicate poverty, racism, and other
social ills but also to end pollution, curb global warming, and save
species. They can get things done that whole nations, even the
United Nations, have failed to achieve.
The most elevated of celebrities are Hollywood stars. Like the
popular conception of god found in Homer and even the Hebrew
Bible, Hollywood stars are rarely seen in person and, when beheld
on the screen, are gargantuan in size, can do anything, take on
disguises, and are immortalized in their ﬁlms. They have qualities
so hyped as to be superhuman: not mere bravery but fearlessness,
not mere kindliness but saintliness, not mere strength but
omnipotence, not mere wisdom but omniscience.
A sceptic might protest that where gods are gods in private as well
as in public, ﬁlm stars are stars only on screen and are mere mortals
off screen. But surely most fans make no distinction. The on-screen
qualities are expected to be the off-screen ones as well. In fact, ﬁlm
stars are assumed to be playing themselves on screen, simply
‘acting’ as they themselves would in the situations in which they are
placed. Fans are dismayed to learn that in ‘real life’ their favourite
actors fall short of their roles – literally so in the case of the not very
tall Mel Gibson. Robert Mitchum had to caution his fans not to
expect military strategy from him. Greta Garbo had to become a
recluse to preserve her youthful image. Gay Hollywood actors
140

dare not come out, lest they no longer be cast in straight roles. Tom
Cruise is professionally obliged to sue anyone who calls him gay.
It might be said that where gods are born, ﬁlm stars are made.
And it is well known how capricious becoming a ﬁlm star can be.
But surely most fans believe that ﬁlm stars are born, not made.
When Lana Turner was spotted innocently drinking a milkshake at
Schwab’s drug store on Hollywood Boulevard, she was discovered,
not invented.

It is a cliché that contemporary ﬁlm stars are drawn from a far
wider array of types and that they are as much antiheroes as heroes.
But the biggest box ofﬁce draws, male and female alike, still look
the part on screen, and it is looks, not acting ability, that put
them there.
The terms used of fans’ admiration say it all: stars are ‘idolized’ and
‘worshipped’. And the greatest are called ‘gods’. As ‘stars’, they shine
brightly in a heaven far above us. Fans are ‘star struck’.
Against my argument that ﬁlm stars are modern gods, it might
sensibly be argued that these days nobody believes the hype. No one
believes that Hollywood stars are really different from you and me.
They may have a bigger disposable income, but they face the same
obstacles and tribulations as the rest of us. What sells better than an
‘unauthorized’ biography of a star – a biography that brings a star
down to earth? If nothing else, the revelation of the disparity, put
mildly, between the on-screen Rock Hudson, the quintessential
heterosexual hunk, and the off-screen Rock Hudson, withering
141

Conclusion: The future of the study of myth

It might be said that ﬁlm stars cannot, like gods, do as they
please. But surely most fans assume that stars are immune to
the laws to which the rest of us are bound. Thus it shocks fans
for their favourites to be subjected to arrest for drug taking
(Robert Downey, Jr), shoplifting (Winona Ryder), or even
paedophilia (Michael Jackson).

away from AIDS, surely drove home the difference between
on-screen persona and off-screen reality.

Myth

But this hard-nosed view of present-day fans is the naive one. Fans
continue to ‘idolize’ and ‘worship’ stars, not in ignorance of their
ﬂaws but in deﬁance of them. The ﬂaws are either denied or
discounted. It is not that fans don’t know. It is that they don’t
want to know, or else don’t care. But their devotion is not mindless.
It is done knowingly. It is, following Winnicott, make-believe,
not credulity. It requires the refusal to let contrary evidence get in
the way.
Cinema-going abets the deiﬁcation of ﬁlm stars. The cinema blocks
out the outside world and substitutes a world of its own. The more
effective the ﬁlm, the more the audience forget where they are and
imagine themselves in the time and place on the screen. Things are
permitted in ﬁlms that never happen in the proverbial ‘real world’.
In ﬁlms, as in heaven, anything is possible. The phrase ‘only in the
movies’ is telling. To go to the cinema is to suspend disbelief. It
is to agree to ‘play along’. The ultimate payoff of cinema-going is
encountering the actors themselves, even if only on the screen.
Going to the cinema is like going to church – to a set-off,
self-contained place where God is likeliest to be found.
Cinema-going combines myth with ritual and brings gods, hence
myths, back to the world – and does so without spurning science.

142

References

References are presented in the order in which they appear in each
chapter.
Introduction
On the antiquity of theories of myth, see, for example, Richard Chase,
Quest for Myth (Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1949),
chapter 1; Jan de Vries, Forschungsgeschichte der Mythologie (Freiburg:
Alber, 1961), chapter 1.
On parallels between earlier theories and social scientiﬁc ones, see Burton
Feldman and Robert D. Richardson, The Rise of Modern Mythology,
1680–1860 (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1972), pp. xxii–xxiii.
John Beattie, Other Cultures (New York: Free Press, 1964).
For a standard folkloristic classiﬁcation of stories, see William Bascom,
‘The Forms of Folklore: Prose Narratives’, Journal of American Folklore,
78 (1965): 3–20. On the blurriness of these distinctions, see Stith
Thompson, The Folktale (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1977
[1946]), p. 303.
William D. Rubinstein, The Myth of Rescue: Why the Democracies Could
Not Have Saved More Jews from the Nazis (London and New York:
Routledge, 1987).
143

Apollodorus, Gods and Heroes of the Greeks: The ‘Library’ of
Apollodorus, tr. Michael Simpson (Amherst: University of
Massachusetts Press, 1976); Ovid, Metamorphoses, tr. Rolfe Humphries
(Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1955).
For scepticism over the universality of theories, see Stith Thompson,
‘Myths and Folktales’, Journal of American Folklore, 68 (1955): 482–8;
G. S. Kirk, Myth (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1970), p. 7.

Myth

Chapter 1
On the history of creationism, see Ronald L. Numbers, The Creationists
(Berkeley: University of California Press, 1992).
On scientiﬁc reinterpretation of the Noah myth, see, for example,
William Ryan and Walter Pitman, Noah’s Flood (London: Simon
and Schuster, 1999). For a superb collection of the array of ways
that ﬂood stories worldwide have been approached, see Alan
Dundes (ed.), The Flood Myth (Berkeley: University of California
Press, 1988).
In the passage on the plagues of Egypt, the reference is to Herbert G.
May and Bruce M. Metzger (eds.), The New Oxford Annotated Bible
with the Apocrypha, Revised Standard Version (New York: Oxford
University Press, 1977 [1962]). Quotations are taken from p. 75. For a
comparable attempt to ‘naturalize’ myth from outside of the Bible, see
Samuel Noah Kramer, Sumerian Mythology, rev. edn. (New York:
Harper & Row, 1961 [1st edn. 1944]).
The classic attempt not to replace but to reconcile a theological
account of the plagues with a scientiﬁc account is that of the Jewish
existentialist philosopher Martin Buber, for whom the believer, on the
basis of faith, attributes to divine intervention what the believer
acknowledges can be fully accounted for scientiﬁcally. See Buber, Moses
(New York: Harper Torchbooks, 1958 [1946]), especially pp. 60–8,
74–9. Buber is the Jewish counterpart to Rudolf Bultmann,
considered in Chapter 2.
144

The classic work on ﬁnding science in myth is Giorgi de Santillana and
Hertha von Dechend, Hamlet’s Mill (Boston: Gambit, 1969).
The work cited is Andrew Dixon White, A History of the Warfare of
Science with Theology in Christendom (1986), abridged by Bruce
Mazlish (New York: Free Press, 1965). For a balanced corrective, see
John Hedley Brooke, Science and Religion (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1991).
The classic work by Edward Burnett Tylor is Primitive Culture, 2 vols,
1st edn. (London: Murray, 1871). Citations are from the reprint of the
5th (1913) edition (New York: Harper Torchbooks, 1958). The work
by Stephen Jay Gould quoted is Rocks of Ages (London: Vintage, 2002
[1999]). On possible ways of distinguishing myth from science, see my
Theorizing about Myth (Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press,
1999), pp. 7–9.

For a modern Tylorian perspective, see David Bidney, Theoretical
Anthropology, 2nd edn. (New York: Schocken, 1967 [1st edn. 1953]),
chapter 10; ‘Myth, Symbolism, and Truth’, Journal of American
Folklore, 68 (1955): 379–92.
On the term ‘euhemerist’, see Joseph Fontenrose, The Ritual Theory of
Myth (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1966), pp. 20–3.
Friedrich Max Müller, ‘Comparative Mythology’ (1856), in his Chips
from a German Workshop (London: Longmans, Green, 1867),
pp. 1–141.
A theologian who assumes that Genesis 1 is anything but an account
of creation is Langdon Gilkey. See his Maker of Heaven and Earth
(Lanham, MD: University Press of America, 1985 [1959]), especially
pp. 25–9, 148–55.
145

References

For a refreshingly sensible postmodern approach to myth, see Laurence
Coupe, Myth (London and New York: Routledge, 1997).

J. G. Frazer, The Golden Bough, 1st edn., 2 vols (London: Macmillan,
1890); 2nd edn., 3 vols (London: Macmillan, 1900); 3rd edn.,
12 vols (London: Macmillan, 1911–15); one-vol. abridgment
(London: Macmillan, 1922).
Hans Blumenberg, Work on Myth, tr. Robert M. Wallace (Cambridge,
MA: MIT Press, 1985).
Lucien Lévy-Bruhl, How Natives Think, tr. Lilian A. Clare (New York:
Washington Square Press, 1966 [1926]).

Myth

Bronislaw Malinowski, ‘Magic, Science and Religion’ [1925] and ‘Myth
in Primitive Psychology’ [1926], in his Magic, Science and Religion and
Other Essays, ed. Robert Redﬁeld (Garden City, NY: Doubleday Anchor
Books, 1954 [1948]), pp. 17–92 and 93–148.
Claude Lévi-Strauss, The Savage Mind, tr. not given (Chicago:
University of Chicago Press, 1966); Myth and Meaning
(Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1978); André Akoun et al.,
‘A Conversation with Claude Lévi-Strauss’, Psychology Today, 5
(May 1972): 36–9, 74–82.
Robin Horton, ‘African Traditional Thought and Western Science’,
Africa, 37 (1967): 50–71 (part I), 155–87 (part II).
Stewart Guthrie, Faces in the Clouds (New York and Oxford: Oxford
University Press, 1993).
Karl Popper, Conjectures and Refutations, 5th edn. (London: Routledge
& Kegan Paul, 1974 [1st edn. 1962]); The World of Parmenides, ed. Arne
F. Peterson and Jorgen Mejer (London: Routledge, 1998).
F. M. Cornford, From Religion to Philosophy (London: Arnold, 1912);
Principium Sapientiae, ed. W. K. C. Guthrie (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1952), chapters 1–11.
146

Chapter 2
Paul Radin, Primitive Man as Philosopher, 2nd edn. (New York: Dover,
1957 [1st edn. 1927]); The World of Primitive Man (New York: Dutton,
1971), chapter 3.
Ernst Cassirer, The Philosophy of Symbolic Forms, tr. Ralph Manheim,
II (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1955); The Myth of the State
(New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1946). On political myths, see
also Cassirer, Symbol, Myth, and Culture, ed. Donald Phillip Verene
(New Haven: Yale University Press, 1979), pp. 219–67.

Rudolf Bultmann, ‘New Testament and Mythology’ (1941), in Kerygma
and Myth, ed. Hans-Werner Bartsch, tr. Reginald H. Fuller, I (London:
SPCK, 1953), pp. 1–44; Jesus Christ and Mythology (New York:
Scribner’s, 1958); Hans Jonas, Gnosis und spätantiker Geist, 2 vols, 1st
edn. (Göttingen: Vandenhoeck und Ruprecht, 1934 [vol. I] and 1954
[vol. II, part 1]); The Gnostic Religion, 2nd edn. (Boston: Beacon Press,
1963 [1958]), Epilogue.
For the myth of Sisyphus, see Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
and Other Essays, tr. Justin O’Brien (New York: Vintage Books, 1960
[1955]), pp. 88–91; Homer, The Odyssey, tr. Richmond Lattimore (New
York: Harper Torchbooks, 1968 [1965]), p. 183.
Chapter 3
Bultmann, ‘New Testament and Mythology’ and Jesus Christ and
Mythology.
147

References

Henri Frankfort and H. A. Frankfort, John A. Wilson, Thorkild
Jacobsen, and William A. Irwin, The Intellectual Adventure of
Ancient Man: An Essay on Speculative Thought in the Ancient
Near East (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1946 [reprinted
Phoenix Books, 1997]); paperback retitled Before Philosophy: The
Intellectual Adventure of Ancient Man: An Essay on Speculative
Thought in the Ancient Near East (Harmondsworth: Pelican Books,
1949).

Jonas, The Gnostic Religion.
Jonas is not the only philosopher to ‘update’ Gnosticism. The political
philosopher Eric Voegelin seeks to show how modern movements like
positivism, Marxism, Communism, Fascism, and psychoanalysis evince
what he calls ‘the Gnostic attitude’. See his Science, Politics and
Gnosticism (Chicago: Regnery Gateway Editions, 1968) and The New
Science of Politics (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1952).
On Norman Schwarzkopf, see Jack Anderson and Dale Van Atta,
Stormin’ Norman: An American Hero (New York: Zebra Books,
1971).

Myth

Mircea Eliade, Myth and Reality, tr. Willard R. Trask (New York:
Harper Torchbooks, 1968 [1963]); The Sacred and the Profane, tr.
Willard R. Trask (New York: Harvest Books, 1968 [1959]).
On John F. Kennedy, Jr, see, for example, Wendy Leigh, Prince
Charming (New York: New American Library, 2000);
Christopher Anderson, The Day John Died (New York: William
Morrow, 2000); Richard Blow, American Son (New York: Henry
Holt, 2002).
On George Washington, see Barry Schwartz, George Washington
(New York: Free Press; London: Collier Macmillan, 1987). From the
bestselling hagiographical biography by Mason Weems comes the story
that the scrupulously honest young George could not lie when asked
who had cut down his father’s cherry tree. See Weems, The Life of
Washington, 9th edn., ed. Peter S. Onuf (Armonk, NY: Sharpe, 1996
[1st edn. 1800; 9th edn. 1809]), pp. 9–10.
Chapter 4
William Robertson Smith, Lectures on the Religion of the Semites, First
Series, 1st edn. (Edinburgh: Black, 1889), Lecture 1.
Tylor, Primitive Culture, 5th edn., II, chapter 18.
148

Frazer, The Golden Bough, abridged edn., especially chapters 29–33
(ﬁrst myth-ritualist scenario); 6–8, 24 (second myth-ritualist
scenario).
Jane Ellen Harrison, Themis, 1st edn. (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1912); Alpha and Omega (London: Sidgwick &
Jackson, 1915), chapter 6; Epilegomena to the Study of Greek Religion
(Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1921); on myth and art,
Ancient Art and Ritual (New York: Holt; London: Williams and
Norgate, 1913).

Gregory Nagy, ‘Can Myth Be Saved?’, in Myth, ed. Gregory Schrempp and
William Hansen (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2002),
chapter 15. See also Edmund Leach, Political Systems of Highland
Burma (Boston: Beacon, 1965 [1954]); ‘Ritualization in Man’,
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society, Series B, no. 772, vol.
251 (1966): 403–8.
Gilbert Murray, ‘Excursis on the Ritual Forms Preserved in Greek
Tragedy’, in Harrison, Themis, pp. 341–63; Euripides and His Age,
1st edn. (New York: Holt; London: Williams and Norgate, 1913),
pp. 60–8; Aeschylus (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1940); ‘Dis Geniti’,
Journal of Hellenic Studies, 71 (1951): 120–8; on myth and literature,
‘Hamlet and Orestes: A Study in Traditional Types’, Proceedings of the
British Academy, 6 (1913–14): 389–412.
F. M. Cornford, ‘The Origin of the Olympic Games’, in Harrison, Themis,
chapter 7; The Origin of Attic Comedy (London: Arnold, 1914); ‘A Ritual
149

References

S. H. Hooke, ‘The Myth and Ritual Pattern of the Ancient East’, in Myth
and Ritual, ed. Hooke (London: Oxford University Press, 1933),
chapter 1; Introduction to The Labyrinth, ed. Hooke (London: SPCK;
New York: Macmillan, 1935), pp. v–x; The Origins of Early Semitic
Ritual (London: Oxford University Press, 1938); ‘Myth and Ritual: Past
and Present’, in Myth, Ritual, and Kingship, ed. Hooke (Oxford:
Clarendon Press, 1958), chapter 1.

Basis for Hesiod’s Theogony’ (1941), in his The Unwritten Philosophy
and Other Essays, ed. W. K. C. Guthrie (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1950), pp. 95–116; Principium Sapientiae, ed.
W. K. C. Guthrie (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1952),
pp. 191–256.
A. B. Cook, Zeus, 3 vols in 5 (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press,
1914–40).

Myth

Ivan Engnell, Studies in Divine Kingship in the Ancient Near East,
1st edn. (Uppsala: Almqvist & Wiksells, 1943); A Rigid Scrutiny, ed.
and tr. John T. Willis (Nashville: Vanderbilt University Press,
1969) (retitled Critical Essays on the Old Testament [London:
SPCK, 1970]).
Aubrey R. Johnson, ‘The Role of the King in the Jerusalem Cults’, in
The Labyrinth, ed. Hooke, pp. 73–111; ‘Hebrew Conceptions of
Kingship’, in Myth, Ritual, and Kingship, ed. Hooke, pp. 204–35;
Sacral Kingship in Ancient Israel, 1st edn. (Cardiff: University of Wales
Press, 1955).
Sigmund Mowinckel, The Psalms in Israel’s Worship, tr. D. R. ApThomas, 2 vols (New York: Abingdon, 1962); He That Cometh, tr.
G. W. Anderson (Nashville: Abingdon, 1954), chapter 3.
Malinowski, ‘Myth in Primitive Psychology’; ‘Magic, Science and
Religion’, especially pp. 83–4; ‘The Role of Myth in Life’, Psyche, 6
(1926): 29–39; Malinowski and the Work of Myth, ed. Ivan Strenski
(Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1992).
Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane, chapter 2; Myth and Reality.
Applications of the theory of myth to literature: Jessie L. Weston, From
Ritual to Romance (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1920);
E. M. Butler, The Myth of the Magus (Cambridge: Cambridge University
Press; New York: Macmillan, 1948); C. L. Barber, Shakespeare’s
150

Festive Comedy (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1959);
Herbert Weisinger, Tragedy and the Paradox of the Fortunate
Fall (London: Routledge & Kegan Paul; East Lansing: Michigan
State College Press, 1953); Francis Fergusson, The Idea of a Theater
(Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1949); Lord Raglan,
‘Myth and Ritual’, Journal of American Folklore, 68 (1955):
454–61; Northrop Frye, Anatomy of Criticism (Princeton, NJ:
Princeton University Press, 1957), pp. 131–239; Stanley Edgar
Hyman, ‘Myth, Ritual, and Nonsense’, Kenyon Review, 11
(1949): 455–75.

Clyde Kluckhohn, ‘Myths and Rituals: A General Theory’, Harvard
Theological Review, 35 (1942): 45–79.
Walter Burkert, Structure and History in Greek Mythology and Ritual
(Berkeley: University of California Press, 1979), especially pp. 56–8,
99–101; Homo Necans, tr. Peter Bing (Berkeley: University of California
Press, 1983), especially pp. 29–34; Ancient Mystery Cults (Cambridge,
MA: Harvard University Press, 1987), pp. 73–8; ‘The Problem of Ritual
Killing’, in Violent Origins, ed. Hamerton-Kelly, pp. 149–76; Creation
of the Sacred (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1996),
chapters 2–3.
151

References

René Girard, Violence and the Sacred, tr. Patrick Gregory (London:
Athlone Press; Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1977); ‘ To
Double Business Bound’ (London: Athlone Press; Baltimore: Johns
Hopkins University Press, 1978); The Scapegoat, tr. Yvonne Freccero
(London: Athlone Press; Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press,
1986); Things Hidden since the Foundation of the World, tr. Stephen
Bann and Michael Metteer (London: Athlone Press; Stanford: Stanford
University Press, 1987); Job, the Victim of his People, tr. Yvonne Freccero
(London: Athlone Press; Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1987);
‘Generative Scapegoating’, in Violent Origins, ed. Robert G. HamertonKelly (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1987), pp. 73–105. Against
Frazer, see Violence and the Sacred, pp. 28–30, 96, 121–3, 316–18;
The Scapegoat, p. 120.

Chapter 5
On the preservation of classical mythology, see, for example, Douglas
Bush, Mythology and the Renaissance Tradition in English Poetry
(Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1932); Mythology and the
Romantic Tradition in English Poetry (Cambridge, MA: Harvard
University Press, 1937); Gilbert Highet, The Classical Tradition (New
York: Oxford University Press, 1939): Jean Seznec, The Survival of the
Pagan Gods (New York: Pantheon Books, 1953 [1940]). For a useful
sourcebook on three classical myths, see Geoffrey Miles (ed.),
Classical Mythology in English Literature (London: Routledge,
1999).

Myth

Jessie L. Weston, From Ritual to Romance (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1920).
Francis Fergusson, The Idea of a Theater (Princeton, NJ: Princeton
University Press, 1949); ‘ ‘‘Myth’’ and the Literary Scruple’, Sewanee
Review, 64 (1956): 171–85.
Northrop Frye, ‘The Archetypes of Literature’ (1951) and ‘Myth, Fiction,
and Displacement’ (1961), in his Fables of Identity (New York:
Harcourt, Brace, 1963), pp. 7–20 and 21–38; Anatomy of Criticism
(Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1957), pp. 131–239;
‘Literature and Myth,’ in Relations of Literary Study, ed. James Thorpe
(New York: Modern Language Association, 1967), pp. 27–55;
‘Symbolism of the Unconscious’ (1959) and ‘Forming Fours’ (1954), in
Northrop Frye on Culture and Literature, ed. Robert D. Denham
(Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1978), pp. 84–94 and 117–29;
‘Myth’, Antaeus 43 (1981): 64–84.
See, as classical Jungians, Maud Bodkin, Archetypal Patterns in
Literature (London: Oxford University Press, 1934); Bettina L. Knapp,
A Jungian Approach to Literature (Carbondale: Southern Illinois
University Press, 1984).
See, as archetypal psychologists, James Hillman, Re-Visioning
152

Psychology (New York: Harper & Row, 1975); David L. Miller, The New
Polytheism (Dallas: Spring Publications, 1981).
Girard, Violence and the Sacred.
On the distinction between story and narrative, see Shlomith RimmonKenan, Narrative Fiction, 2nd edn. (London and New York: Routledge,
2002 [1st edn. 1983]), p. 3. On the yet further distinction among story,
narrative, and plot – all of which I innocently use interchangeably – see
Paul Cobley, Narrative (London and New York: Routledge, 2001), pp. 4–7.
Kenneth Burke, The Rhetoric of Religion (Boston: Beacon Press, 1961);
A Grammar of Motives (New York: Prentice-Hall, 1945), pp. 430–40;
‘Myth, Poetry and Philosophy’, Journal of American Folklore, 73 (1960):
pp. 283–306.

On the application of cognitive psychology to religion, under which
would fall myth, see Pascal Boyer, The Naturalness of Religious Ideas
(Berkeley: University of California Press, 1994).
Johann Georg von Hahn, Sagwissenschaftliche Studien (Jena: Mauke,
1876), p. 340; tr. Henry Wilson in John C. Dunlop, History of Prose
Fiction, rev. Wilson (London: Bell, 1888), in an unnumbered
attachment to the last page of vol. I.
Vladimir Propp, Morphology of the Folktale, tr. Laurence Scott, 2nd
edn., rev. and ed. Louis A. Wagner (Austin: University of Texas Press,
1968 [1958]).
Otto Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, 1st edn., tr. F. Robbins and
Smith Ely Jelliffe (New York: Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease
Publishing, 1914).
153

References

Tylor, Primitive Culture, 5th edn., I, pp. 281–2. Hero myths are a
surprising category for someone for whom all myths are seemingly
about physical events.

Joseph Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces, 1st edn. (New York:
Pantheon Books, 1949).
Lord Raglan, The Hero (London: Methuen, 1936). Citations are
from the reprint of Part 2, which is on myth, in Otto Rank et al., In
Quest of the Hero (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1990),
pp. 89–175.
Chapter 6
Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams, vols IV–V, Standard
Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud, ed. and
tr. James Strachey et al. (London: Hogarth Press and Institute of
Psycho-Analysis 1953 [1913]).

Myth

Karl Abraham, Dreams and Myths, tr. William A. White (New York:
Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease Publishing, 1913).
Rank, The Myth of the Birth of the Hero, 1st edn. Citations are
from the reprint in Rank et al., In Quest of the Hero pp. 3–86.
See also Rank’s even more Oedipal The Incest Theme in Literature
and Language, 1st edn., tr. Gregory Richter (Baltimore: Johns
Hopkins University Press, 1992). See also Rank and Hanns Sachs,
The Signiﬁcance of Psychoanalysis for the Mental Sciences, tr.
Charles R. Payne (New York: Nervous and Mental Disease
Publishing, 1913). For post-Freudian Rank, see The Trauma of
Birth, tr. not given (London: Kegan Paul; New York: Harcourt
Brace, 1929).
On male creation myths, see Alan Dundes, ‘Earth-Driver: Creation of
the Mythopoeic Male’, American Anthropologist, 64 (1962): 1032–51.
Jacob A. Arlow, ‘Ego Psychology and the Study of Mythology’, Journal of
the American Psychoanalytic Association, 9 (1961): 371–93.
Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment (New York: Vintage Books,
1977 [1976]).
154

Géza Róheim, ‘Psycho-Analysis and the Folk-Tale’, International
Journal of Psycho-Analysis, 3 (1922): 180–6; ‘Myth and
Folk-Tale’, American Imago, 2 (1941): 266–79; The Riddle of the
Sphinx, tr. R. Money-Kyrle (New York: Harper Torchbooks, 1974
[1934]); Fire in the Dragon and Other Psychoanalytic Essays on
Folklore, ed. Alan Dundes (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University
Press, 1992).
Alan Dundes, Analytic Essays in Folklore (The Hague: Mouton, 1975);
Interpreting Folklore (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1980);
Parsing through Customs (Madison: University of Wisconsin Press,
1987); Folklore Matters (Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press,
1989).

Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces. Citations are from
the second edition (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press,
1968).
On Adonis, see especially C. G. Jung, Symbols of Transformation,
Collected Works of C. G. Jung, ed. Sir Herbert Read et al., tr. R. F. C. Hull
et al., V, 2nd edn. (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1967
[1956]), pp. 219, 223 n. 32, 258–9, 343 n. 79.
On the archetype of the puer aeternus, see especially Jung,
Symbols of Transformation, pp. 257–9, 340; ‘Psychological Aspects
of the Mother Archetype’, in The Archetypes and the Collective
Unconscious, Collected Works, IX, Part 1, 2nd edn. (Princeton,
NJ: Princeton University Press, 1968 [1959]), p. 106; Marie-Louise
von Franz, Puer aeternus, 2nd edn. (Santa Monica, CA: Sigo,
1981 [1970]).
155

References

On creation myths, see Erich Neumann, The Origins and History of
Consciousness, tr. R. F. C. Hull (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University
Press, 1970 [1954]); Marie-Louise von Franz, Creation Myths, rev. edn.
(Boston: Shambhala, 1995 [1st edn. (entitled Patterns of Creativity
Mirrored in Creation Myths) 1972]).

Myth

On the archetype of the Great Mother, see especially Jung,
‘Psychological Aspects of the Mother Archetype’, pp. 75–110; Symbols of
Transformation, pp. 207–444.
Chapter 7
Claude Lévi-Strauss, ‘The Structural Study of Myth’, Journal of
American Folklore, 68 (1955): 428–44, reprinted in Myth: A
Symposium, ed. Thomas A. Sebeok (Bloomington: Indiana
University Press, 1958), paperback (1965); also reprinted, slightly
revised, in Lévi-Strauss, Structural Anthropology, tr. Claire
Jacobsen and Brooke Grundfest Schoepf (New York: Basic Books,
1961), chapter 11. Citations are from the Sebeok paperback.
Introduction to a Science of Mythology, tr. John and Doreen
Weightman, 4 vols (New York: Harper & Row, 1969–81), paperback
(New York: Harper Torchbooks, 1970–82). Citations are from the
paperback. The volumes are individually named: The Raw and the
Cooked, From Honey to Ashes, The Origin of Table Manners, and
The Naked Man. ‘The Study of Asdiwal’, tr. Nicholas Mann, in The
Structural Study of Myth and Totemism, ed. Edmund Leach
(London: Tavistock, 1967), pp. 1–47. André Akoun et al., ‘A
Conversation with Claude Lévi-Strauss’.
On Lévi-Strauss’ myth-ritualism, see ‘The Structural Study of Myth’;
‘Structure and Dialectics’, in his Structural Anthropology, chapter 12;
‘Comparative Religions of Nonliterate Peoples’, in his Structural
Anthropology, II, tr. Monique Layton (New York: Basic Books, 1976),
chapter 5.
Vladimir Propp, Morphology of the Folktale, tr. Laurence Scott, 2nd edn.,
rev. and ed. Louis A. Wagner (Austin: University of Texas Press, 1968
[1958]); Georges Dumézil, Archaic Roman Religion, tr. Philip Krapp,
2 vols (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1970).
Jean-Pierre Vernant, Myth and Thought among the Greeks. tr. not given
(London and Boston: Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1983); Vernant and
Pierre Vidal-Naquet, Myth and Tragedy in Ancient Greece, tr. Janet
156

Lloyd (Brighton: Harvester Press, 1981); Nicole Loraux, The Invention
of Athens, tr. Alan Sheridan (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press,
1987).
Marcel Detienne, The Gardens of Adonis, tr. Janet Lloyd (Hassock:
Harvester Press; Atlantic Highlands, NJ: Humanities Press,
1977).
Chapter 8
Malinowski, ‘Myth in Primitive Psychology’.
Georges A. Sorel, Reﬂections on Violence, tr. T. E. Hulme and
J. Roth (New York: Collier Books; London: Collier-Macmillan, 1961
[1950]).

Girard, Violence and the Sacred.
On matriarchy in Greece and elsewhere, see, classically, J. J. Bachofen,
Myth, Religion, and Mother Right, tr. Ralph Manheim (Princeton, NJ:
Princeton University Press, 1967).
Herodotus, The Histories, tr. Aubrey de Sélincourt, rev. and ed. A. R.
Burn (Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1972 [1954]).
Aristotle, Constitution of Athens and Related Texts, tr. Kurt von Fritz
and Ernst Kapp (New York: Hafner Press, 1974 [1950]).
Antony Andrewes, The Greeks (New York: Knopf, 1967).
Pierre Vidal-Naquet, ‘The Black Hunter and the Origin of the Athenian
Ephebeia’, in R. L. Gordon (ed.), Myth, Religion and Society
(Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1981), pp. 147–62.
157

References

On myth and ideology, see Ben Halpern, ‘ ‘‘Myth’’ and ‘‘Ideology’’ in
Modern Usage’, History and Theory, 1 (1961): 129–49; Christopher G.
Flood, Political Myth (New York: Routledge, 2001 [1996]).

Aristophanes, Lysistrata, tr. Benjamin Bickley Rogers, Loeb Classical
Library (London: Heinemann; New York: Harvard University Press,
1924).

Myth

Conclusion
D. W. Winnicott, ‘Transitional Objects and Transitional Phenomena’
(1951), in his Through Paediatrics to Psychoanalysis (London: Karnac
Books, 1992 [1958]), chapter 18. Slightly revised version in his Playing
and Reality (London and New York: Routledge, 1982 [1971]), chapter 1.
The citation is from the revised version.

158

Index

Bidney, David 19
Blumenberg, Hans 24
Boccacio 79
Bodkin, Maud 83
Buber, Martin 41, 42
Bultmann, Rudolf 5, 23, 43,
44, 47–53, 54, 57, 115, 118,
137
Burke, Kenneth 85
Burkert, Walter 76–8
Butler, E. M. 74
Byron, Lord 79

A
Abraham, Karl 94
Adonia festival 122–3
Adonis, myth of 6–10, 20–1,
24, 26–7, 28–9, 31, 32,
34, 37, 42, 51, 57, 62–3,
67–70, 75, 78, 80, 84, 89,
102, 108, 109, 112, 120–1,
123–5, 129, 132–5
Alger, Horatio 4
animism 14–15, 42
Anouilh, Jean 79
Apatouria festival 134
Apollodorus 7–10, 20, 70, 112,
124
see also Adonis, myth of
archetypal criticism 83
archetypal psychology 83
archetype 106–7, 108–12
see also Great Mother
archetype, hero archetype,
puer archetype
Aristophanes 135
Aristotle 43, 133
Arlow, Jacob 98–9, 100
Arnold, Matthew 16
Asdiwal, myth of 117–18, 120

C
Campbell, Joseph 18, 53, 87,
89, 104–8, 112, 120,
137
Camus, Albert 43–4, 115, 118,
137
Casanova 111
Cassirer, Ernst 27, 38–40, 42,
43
Charles I, King 128
Chaucer 79
Christianity 47, 50, 51, 52, 53,
62–3, 80
Church Fathers 79
Cleisthenes 133
Cocteau, Jean 79
cognitive psychology 86, 118
Constititution of the Athenians
133–4
Cook, A. B. 72
Cornford, F. M. 34, 42, 72, 73,
80, 82
creationism, creation science
11–12, 23
Cromwell, Oliver 128
Cruise, Tom 141

B
Barber, C. L. 74
Beattie, John 1–2
Bettelheim, Bruno 99–100
Bible 5, 11–13, 16, 21–3, 32, 43,
46, 47–51, 55–6, 57, 72–3,
79, 85, 140
159

D

Freud, Sigmund/Freudian 75,
79, 87, 91–103, 106–7,
109–10, 115, 117, 137
Frye, Northrop 74, 81–5,
86

Daedalus 112
Dante 79
Darwin, Charles 12
Dawkins, Richard 17
deme 133
demythicizing 42, 47, 50,
52
demythologizing 12, 47–51, 52
Detienne, Marcel 10, 120–5
diachronic 118
Don Juan 111
Downey, Jr, Robert 141
Dumézil, Georges 120
Dundes, Alan 100

G
Garbot, Greta 140
Gernet, Louis 120
Gibson, Mel 140
Gide, André 79
Girard, René 74–6, 83–4,
129–31
Gnosticism 43, 47, 51–3
Goethe 79
Gould, Stephen Jay 16–17
Grail legend 74, 80
Great Mother archetype 109,
110
Guthrie, Stewart 33

Myth

E
Edward VIII, King 90
Electra 79
Eliade, Mircea 2, 5, 18, 22, 29,
54–60, 73, 137
Eliot, T. S. 79, 80
Engnell, Ivan 72–3
ephebes 134–5
Euhemerus/Euhemerists
19–20, 46, 53

H
Harrison, Jane 70–2, 73, 77,
80, 81, 83–4, 131
Heidegger, Martin 43
Helios 19, 84
hero archetype 111–12
Herodotus 132–3
Hesiod 122
Hillman, James 83
Homer/Homeric 11, 16,
44, 140
Hooke, S. H. 70–2, 73
hoplites 134
Horton, Robin 31–3, 38
Hudson, Rock 141–2
Hyman, Stanley Edgar 74

F
Faust legend 74
Fergusson, Francis 74, 80–1,
82, 83, 84
Frankfort, Henri and H. A.
40–2
Frazer, J. G./Frazerian 10,
23–8, 40, 41, 57, 64–73,
74–6, 77, 80–4, 86, 87–9,
94, 121, 123, 126, 137–8
160

I
Icarus 57, 112
I-Thou 41–2

J
Jackson, Michael 141
Jesus 16, 89
Johnson, Aubrey 72–3
Jonas, Hans 5, 43, 44, 47, 51–3,
54, 57, 115, 118, 137
Joyce, James 79
Jung, C. G./Jungian 10, 18, 81,
82–3, 87, 91, 94, 102–12,
115, 137

K
Keats, John 79
Kennedy, Jr, John F. 57
Kluckhohn, Clyde 76

L
Law of Similarity 65, 67, 68
Lévi-Strauss, Claude/LéviStraussian 5, 10, 29–31,
85, 113–25 (chapter 7)
Lévy-Bruhl, Lucien 25–7, 29,
36–42, 112, 118
Little Prince 111
Loraux, Nicole 120

M
Malinowski, Bronislaw 5, 22,
27–9, 39, 73, 126–9,
137
Marxism 128, 139
Melanion 87, 135
161

Index

Melanthos 134, 135
Miller, David 83
Milton 79
Mitchum, Robert 140
moral allegorizers 19, 22, 46,
53
Mowinckel, Sigmund 72–3
Müller, Friedrich Max 20, 81
Murray, Gilbert 72, 73, 80, 81,
82, 83–4, 131
myth
and dream 91, 94, 99
and fairy tale/folk tale 5, 6,
99–100
and ideology 39, 127–9,
139
and literature 2, 43, 72,
73–4, 79–90 (chapter 5)
and magic 24, 28, 39, 55,
64–8, 71–2
and pattern 85–90, 94–8,
104–8, 120
and philosophy 14, 23, 26,
27, 36–45 (chapter 2), 50,
52, 72
and play 138–42
and psychology 91–112
(chapter 6)
and religion 11–29, 31–4,
11–35, 43, 44, 46–60
(chapter 3), 61–73, 74,
137
and ritual 8, 21, 23, 24, 55,
61–78 (chapter 4), 80–3,
87–90, 119, 126, 129, 142
and science 3, 4, 10, 11–35
(chapter 1), 36, 38–9, 41,
42, 46–53, 54–5, 56, 60,
64, 67, 71, 72, 76, 84, 94,

Myth

O

113, 114, 127, 128, 137–8,
142
and society 126–35
(chapter 8)
and story/plot 4–5, 61, 62,
63, 76, 84–5, 116–17, 118–19
deﬁnition 4–6, 34
literal and symbolic meaning
2, 5, 10, 12, 19–20, 23, 46,
47–53, 54, 67–70, 84, 85,
92–4, 96–8, 102, 106–7,
110, 111, 116, 118, 119, 121,
123, 125, 137–8
nineteenth-century
approach 3, 14, 17, 137
origin and function 2–3, 4,
23, 24–5, 27–8, 29, 30–1,
32, 36, 43, 50, 52, 54,
55–6, 61–3, 65–6, 71–2,
73, 74, 75, 76–7, 82–3, 86,
93–4, 97–100, 101, 107,
108–9, 114, 116–18, 125,
126–7, 137–8
subject matter 2–3, 43, 46,
50, 52, 82–3, 86, 125
twentieth-century
approach 3, 14, 17, 23,
46, 137–8
twenty-ﬁrst-century
approach 138
myth criticism 83
myth of the frontier 4, 6
mythopoeic 38, 41–2

Odysseus 43, 107
Oedipus, myth of 5, 75, 79, 81,
83, 89, 91–4, 96, 101–2,
116–17, 129–31
Olympic Games 72
O’Neill, Eugene 79
Ovid 7–10, 20, 27, 29, 51, 70,
112, 124
see also Adonis, myth of

P
participation mystique 27, 112
Peter Pan 98, 111
Petrarch 79
Phaëthon 57
phratry 133, 134
Plato 5, 11, 16
plot see myth: and story/plot
polis 125, 132–5
Popper, Karl 32, 33–4, 38
postmodernism 85, 138
Presbyterianism 64
Presley, Elvis 111
Presocratics 1, 42
Propp, Vladimir 87, 89, 120
puer archetype 108–12

R
Radin, Paul 27, 36–8
Raglan, Lord 74–6, 81, 87–90,
120, 129, 131
rags to riches myth 4, 139–40
Rank, Otto 87, 89, 94–8,
101–2, 104–7, 109, 110,
120, 129, 137
Robbins, Anthony 140
Róheim, Géza 99

N
Nagy, Gregory 72
Narcissus 79
nature mythologists 70
neo-Tylorian 31
162

transitional activity, object
139
Turner, Lana 141
Tylor, E. B./Tylorian 5, 14–35,
36–7, 40, 41, 43, 46, 47,
48, 50, 52, 53, 54, 57,
63–4, 67, 80, 84–5, 86, 87,
89, 94, 113–14, 118, 126,
127, 137–8

Rubinstein, William 6, 34
Ryder, Winona 141

S
Saul, King 89
Schwarzkopf, Norman 53–4
Shakespeare 73, 74, 79
Shelley, Percy Bysshe 79
Sisyphus 43–4
Smith, William Robertson
61–4, 66–7, 71, 73, 75,
76
Sophocles 75, 83, 129–31
Sorel, Georges 128–9
Spenser, Edmund 79
Stoics 11
story see myth: and story/plot
structure 31, 85, 113–25
(chapter 7)
synchronic 118
synchronicity 115

V
Vernant, Jean-Pierre 120
Vidal-Naquet, Pierre 120,
134–5
von Franz, Marie-Louise 108
von Hahn, Johann Georg 86,
87, 89, 95

Washington, George 57–60
Weisinger, Herbert 74
Weston, Jessie 74, 80, 81
Winnicott, D. W. 138–42
Wizard of Oz 108

T
Thesmophoria festival 123

163

Index

W

