Christianity: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead

CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle

FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS
Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew

NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
ROMAN BRITAIN
Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE
Germaine Greer
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
SPINOZA Roger Scruton

STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE TUDORS John Guy

TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL ARCHITECTURE
Robert Tavernor
CLONING Arlene Judith Klotzko
CONSCIOUSNESS Sue Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
Dinosaurs David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOUCAULT Garry Gutting
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven

Habermas Gordon Finlayson
HIROSHIMA
B. R. Tomlinson
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
THE MIND Martin Davies
MODERN ART David Cottington
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine Johnson
ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
SARTRE Christina Howells
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
TIME Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Martin Conway

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi

Linda Woodhead

CHRISTIANITY
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford ox2 6dp
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi Kuala Lumpur
Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan South Korea Poland Portugal
Singapore Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Linda Woodhead 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2004
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Woodhead, Linda.
(Very short introductions)
Christianity : a very short introduction / Linda Woodhead. p. cm.
Incudes bibliographical references and index.
1. Christianity. I. Title. II. Series.
BR121.3.W66 2004 230—dc22 2004024149
ISBN–13: 978–0–19–280322–1
ISBN–10: 0–19–280322–0
3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire.

Contents

List of illustrations
Introduction

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

ix

1

Jesus: the God-man 6
The signs and symbols of Christianity
Church and Biblical Christianity
Mystical Christianity

46

71

Modern Christianity: the West 89
Christianity beyond the West 109
A woman’s religion?
Conclusion

147

Source material 151
Further reading 152
Chronology
Index

159

157

128

24

This page intentionally left blank

List of illustrations

1

Fragment of Matthew’s
Gospel from
Oxyrhynchus, Egypt
(3rd century ce)
8
Courtesy of the Egypt Exploration
Society

2 Mosaic of Christ from
St Peter’s Basilica, Vatican
City (3rd century ce) 21
© 2004 TopFoto.co.uk

3 Eve, the Serpent and
Death, Hans Baldung
Grien (c. 1520–5)
26
Agnew & Sons, London/
www.bridgeman.co.uk

4 The Way of Good
and Evil, American
woodcut (1826)

33

Staatliche Kunsthalle, Karlsruhe

7 The Holy Family with
a Little Bird, Murillo
(c. 1650)
34
All rights reserved. © Prado
Museum, Madrid

8 The Sacred Heart of
Jesus on a popular
card (c. 1900)

36

Mary Evans Picture Library

9 The Light of the
World, Holman Hunt
(1900–4)
37
By permission of the Warden and
Fellows of Keble College, Oxford

28

Courtesy of the Library of
Congress

5 Christ Pantocrator, Abbey
Church of Monreale,
Sicily (12th century) 32
Duomo of Monreale, Sicily/©
Alinari Archives, Florence

6 Cruciﬁxion, Matthias
Grunewald (1500–8)

10

Head of Christ, Warner
Sallman (1941)
38
© Warner Press, Inc., Anderson,
Indiana. Used by permission

11

Mass of Saint Gregory,
Israhel van Meckenem
(1490s)
41

19

© The Trustees of the British
Museum

12

The coronation of
Romanus II and
Eudocia (945–9)

Author’s private collection

20 The world of Eastern
Orthodoxy
112
57

Cabinet des Medailles,
Bibliothèque nationale de
France, Paris

21

13

The Christian year

14

Albi Cathedral, southern
France (1277–1512)
61

60

© Chris Bland/Eye Ubiquitous/
Corbis

15

Interior of St Mary at Hill,
City of London, Sir
Christopher Wren
(built 1670–6)
67
© Angelo Hornak Photo Library

16

Skeleton of a young
man, bound in chains
(Byzantine period)
75
© The Israel Antiquities
Authority

17

18

Plan of a medieval
monastery with
cloister

Conversion of a disused
chapel into a meditation
centre, northern
England
106

Missionaries from the
Universities’ Mission to
Central Africa in
Tanganyika (c. 1902) 118
The Bodleian Library, University
of Oxford (USPG.UMCA Album
7, p. 66 rt.)

22 Charismatic worship,
Abidjan, Ivory Coast 122
© Tim Dirven/Panos Pictures

23 Creation of Adam,
Michelangelo
(1508–12)

132

Sistine Chapel, the Vatican/©
Vatican Museums

24 Creation of Eve,
Michelangelo
(1508–12)

133

Sistine Chapel, the Vatican/©
Alinari Archives, Florence

25
82

Family at Church, H.
Fitzcook, in The Sunday
at Home (1865)
97

Vision of the Sacred
Heart of Jesus,
Antonio Ciseri (1880) 139
Church of Sacro Cuore, Florence/
© Alinari Archives, Florence

Mary Evans Picture Library

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Introduction

Christianity has a vast reservoir of resources for shaping life and
death. Like most religions it is more capacious and ﬂexible than
a philosophical system, and works not only with abstract concepts
but with vivid stories, striking images, resonant symbols, and
life-shaping rituals. It appeals to heart and senses as well as mind,
and offers a range of prompts and provocations for guiding and
shaping the lives of individuals and societies. There are nevertheless
limits to what can count as Christian, for in opening up some
possibilities for life and thought it rules out others.
The ﬁrst two chapters of this book introduce the basic Christian
repertoire. They set out some key themes of Christian life and
thought, and indicate the foundational resources with which
Christians work. Since Christianity is shaped around a person,
Jesus Christ, Chapter 1 outlines the range of ways in which he has
been interpreted, and the crucial role these interpretations play in
setting the boundaries of Christian thought. The second chapter
continues this introductory work, hovering high over Christianity in
order to pick out the signs, stories, symbols, and rituals that serve as
the basic building blocks of the religion, and offering some
preliminary glimpses of their unfolding over 2,000 years of
Christian history.
The picture that emerges is of a religion with its origins in an
1

Christianity

explosion of spiritual energy. This energy – harnessed, focused, and
channelled by Jesus Christ – empowered his followers to think, feel,
and desire in new ways. In the ﬁrst centuries of Christian history it
gave rise to a wide range of different spiritual groups, ideas, and
practices – to many different ‘Christianities’. They fall along a
spectrum, and this spectrum deﬁnes the range of subsequent
Christian possibility.
At one end of the spectrum, we have forms of Christianity shaped by
reverence for higher power. They focus on a God who inﬁnitely
transcends the world and human beings and rules over them. Such
Christianity sees the good life – the holy life – as involving sacriﬁce
of one’s own (sinful) thoughts, choices, and desires in order to live
up to the higher life that God requires. At the other end of the
spectrum, we have something different: forms of Christianity that
place less emphasis upon God’s rule over human beings, and more
emphasis upon the divine in the human. Rather than worship a
God who remains high above human life, they focus upon the
possibility of the divine coming into being in human life. As such,
they place their emphasis not on power from above but power
from below; not on power from outside but power from within.
Interpretations of Jesus differ accordingly: for a Christianity of
higher power, he is a transcendent being who must be obeyed;
whereas for a Christianity of inner power, he is a spiritual being who
can inspire, in-Spirit, and divinize human life.
Chapters 3 and 4 trace the ways in which these different tendencies
within Christianity played out historically down to the dawn of
the modern period. Chapter 3 looks at the two most important
historical manifestations of a Christianity of higher power: Church
Christianity and Biblical Christianity. Chapter 4 considers the
development of more inward-looking forms of Christianity, and
discusses Mystical Christianity. Together these chapters suggest that
an orientation towards higher power became the dominant mode of
Christianity from the 4th century onwards, and that it sought to
constrain or co-opt more mystical tendencies.
2

In due course this preference for hierarchical power – in politics as
well as religion – would lead to some serious clashes between
Christianity and Western modernity. Chapter 5, which tells the
story of Christianity in the modern West, considers these
confrontations but shows how liberal versions of Christianity
proved compatible with an ‘enlightened’ modernity that ascribed
high value to human dignity and the free exercise of human
reason. The more serious clash came after the 1960s, when growing
emphasis on the authority and importance of the (affective,
experiential) inner life of each unique individual proved much
harder for Church and Biblical Christianity to digest. As individuals
became more inclined to pay attention to inner life and well being,
so they became less willing to conform to the ‘higher authority’ of
God, reason, church, or anything else. The result, in most Western
countries, has been a gradual decline in Christian belief and a very
severe fall in churchgoing in the last quarter of the 20th century.

The book closes with a chapter that expands on a theme that
has been implicit throughout: the roles of women and men in
Christianity and the place of the male and the female. It explores
the paradox of a religion that has always attracted large numbers
of women, but seems to have reserved highest power – on earth
and in heaven – for men and the masculine. What we ﬁnd is that
Christianity maintains a ﬁne balance between endorsing male
privilege on the one hand, and exalting the female and feminine
virtues on the other.
3

Introduction

Outside the West, however, Christianity has experienced much
greater success in recent times, as we see in Chapter 6. In much
of the southern hemisphere churches have experienced rapid
growth since the 1970s, and it is this that has allowed Christianity
to retain its status as the world’s largest religion, reaching an
estimated two billion adherents in 2000. In many parts of the
South, ‘charismatic’ forms of Christianity are ﬂourishing. They
combine the clear directives of higher power (the Bible) with the
inner empowerment of the Holy Spirit.

Terms and categories

Christianity

It is conventional to analyse Christianity in terms of a set of
categories generated by the religion itself: ‘early Church’,
‘Protestant’, ‘Nestorian’, ‘heretical’, and so on. My own study of
Christianity over many years, which has involved face-to-face
research amongst Christians as well as textual research, has led
me to favour a different set of analytical categories (including those
of Church, Biblical and Mystical Christianity). Since this is an
introductory book, I have tried to strike a balance between
introducing my own terms and categories and employing more
conventional ones. The intention is to offer the reader a fresh
perspective on Christianity, whilst indicating how this relates to
approaches with which he or she may already be familiar and which
may be encountered elsewhere.

Warts and all
There is a tendency in some treatments of Christianity to look
only at the positive: the religion’s growth, achievements, beliefs,
rituals, great men, cultural contributions. Such topics are often
treated in isolation from their wider social and material contexts.
This book takes a less idealistic approach. It acknowledges that
Christianity, like all religions, has to do with (‘sacred’) power, and
it looks at the ways in which such power has been understood,
embodied, and exercised – as well as how it has interacted with
secular power.
Power in itself is neither good nor bad, merely the force that gets
things done. What is interesting, and a focus of the pages that
follow, is the range of ways in which it may be understood and
activated: as a dominating force that compels its objects, for
example, or as a love that ‘moves’ and is ‘moved’ in a very different
fashion. Since different forms of Christianity have aligned
themselves around these different tendencies, this volume considers
the full internal diversity of Christianity, and the frequently
4

antagonistic relations between its different strands. It also pays
attention to the decline as well as the growth of Christianity,
discussing not only its rise to become the world’s largest religion,
but the serious difﬁculties it currently faces in the West. The
intention throughout is not to pass judgement, but to present a
realistic portrait.

Introduction

5

Chapter 1
Jesus: the God-man

At ﬁrst sight the ﬁgure of Jesus Christ might seem to serve as a focus
of unity for the Christian faith. Whatever else they might disagree
about, Christians are at least united in believing that Jesus has a
unique signiﬁcance. Look more closely, however, and it becomes
apparent that this focus of unity can also be a cause of division.
Though Christians agree that Jesus is signiﬁcant, they may
interpret his signiﬁcance differently. Despite the strenuous
attempts that have continually been made to contain him within a
single interpretative framework, he always threatens to break free.
Some of this elusiveness may be traced back to Jesus himself. When
he talked he often spoke in riddles and parables, and when asked
who he was, he replied: ‘who do you say I am?’. He laid down few
clear rules, left no systematic body of teaching, and founded no
school to pass on his wisdom. The mystery is also a function of
the sources on which we have to rely. We cannot consult the books
Jesus wrote because he wrote no books, and we cannot turn to
contemporary accounts of his life and works for there are no such
accounts. We have only interpretations, and interpretations of
interpretations. Our most important sources of information are
already embroiled in the debate about his signiﬁcance, and already
take sides. What is more, where Jesus is concerned the parameters
of interpretation are particularly broad. It is hard enough to give a
reliable account of the life of any individual; biographers make a
6

living out of the fact that there can never be a single, deﬁnitive
interpretation. But when considering Jesus, the difﬁculty is
multiplied, for the issue is not simply ‘what sort of a man are we
dealing with?’ but ‘are we dealing with man or God?’. This chapter
will review the answers that were given to this question in the ﬁrst
centuries after Jesus’ death, answers that would prove enormously
inﬂuential for subsequent Christian thought and life.

The gospel truth

There were many gospels and many different accounts of Jesus –
just as there were many types of early Christian community that
produced them. Today only a few of these gospels survive. The most
familiar are those of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John because by the
4th century they had been gathered together, deemed authoritative
(‘canonical’) and included in the ‘New Testament’. The latter
(written in Greek) was bound together with the ‘Old Testament’
(the scriptures of the Jewish people written in Hebrew but
appropriated by Christianity in an expanded Greek version) to form
the Christian Bible. This was just one step in the long historical
process whereby one version of Christianity came to establish itself
as the authoritative, ‘catholic’ (universal) form of ‘church’, and to
win out over its rivals. Once this happened, it was possible to draw a
7

Jesus: the God-man

The earliest and most important sources of written information
about Jesus are gospels. The genre is peculiar to early Christianity,
and its name gives a clue to its intention, for ‘gospel’ translates the
Greek word euangelion meaning ‘good news’. This word was rarely
used in pre-Christian times, except in Roman political propaganda,
usually with reference to an emperor. To the extent that they aim to
propagate a particular, exalted view of the person they describe,
Christian gospels are also propaganda. They tell their readers (or
hearers) that Jesus was something special, and they expect them to
respond accordingly. No neutral stance is possible in relation to a
gospel. Depending on your response, its message will turn out
either to be good news for you – or bad.

1. Gospels were ﬁrst circulated as ‘codexes’, small books made from
papyrus. Many early Christian communities probably possessed only a
single codex, perhaps a gospel or a ‘harmony’ of several gospels. It
would be many centuries before churches possessed a complete New
Testament or Bible. This early fragment from Matthew’s Gospel
probably dates from early in the 3rd century CE.

distinction between canonical gospels and ‘apocryphal’ ones, and to
downgrade the importance of the latter. But in the earliest centuries
after Jesus’ death it was possible for any Christian group to produce
its own gospel, thereby securing its particular understanding of
Jesus and the life he inspired. A few of these apocryphal gospels
have survived, including the very early Gospel of Thomas, which is
considered brieﬂy in this chapter. They serve to remind us that the
Jesus depicted in the New Testament gospels was not the only Jesus
who was remembered and revered in early Christian circles.

Possible dating of the earliest written
sources on which our knowledge of
Jesus depends
(birth of Jesus c. 4 BCE, death of Jesus c. 30 CE)

Paul’s letters (Epistles)
A sayings source, ‘Q’, now lost, but used by Luke and Matthew
A miracles source now lost, but used by Mark and John
Earliest layer of the Gospel of Thomas

60–80 CE
The Gospel of Mark
Additional material in the Gospel of Thomas

80–120 CE
The Gospel of Matthew (c. 90)
The Gospel of Luke (c. 90)
The Gospel of John (c. 100–110)

120–150 CE
The Book of Acts
Other New Testament Epistles including the Pastoral Epistles and Catholic Epistles

9

Jesus: the God-man

30–60 CE

The authorized version

Christianity

For now, however, let us conﬁne our attention to the authorized
version of Christian truth, the version that was propagated by the
winning side, became canonical, and has informed the views of a
majority of Christian believers ever since. It is here that we ﬁnd the
most inﬂuential answers to the question of who Jesus really was,
and here that we encounter the Jesus who has inspired more lives
and worked more miracles than the elusive ‘historical Jesus’ who
historians struggle endlessly to recreate.
The canonical gospels combine stories about Jesus with records of
his teaching. Despite important variations between them, they
share a common narrative thread and a common purpose. The
narrative falls roughly into two halves. The ﬁrst establishes Jesus as
a teacher and miracle worker in Galilee (the northern province of
Israel). Though baptized by John the Baptist, he launches an
independent career and wins his own followers. Jesus works
amongst his people, the Jews, and acknowledges their God and
scriptures. He offers an interpretation of the Jewish faith that is
critical towards the religious elite but favourable to those who are
destitute, humble, of no account. The second part of the narrative
shifts to Jerusalem in Judea (the southern part of Israel), where
Jesus’ provocative ministry alarms the governing authorities (the
Romans, supported by Jewish leaders) and leads to his arrest, trial,
and execution. He is cruciﬁed as a criminal and buried in a tomb.
When some of his followers visit the grave three days later, they ﬁnd
it empty. Miraculous appearances by Jesus convince his followers
that God has raised him from the dead. The Book of Acts (written
by the author of Luke’s gospel) continues the story in the New
Testament, recounting how Jesus, having ascended into heaven,
pours out his Spirit on his followers at Pentecost and brings into
being the Christian community.
The common narrative thread reﬂects the gospels’ common
purpose: to persuade that Jesus was no mere mortal, that he was
10

uniquely favoured by God, that he has transcended the limitations
of normal human life, and that those who dedicate their lives to him
may share in the eternal life he now enjoys. To press the message
home the gospels marshal the most convincing evidence they can
ﬁnd. It falls into four main categories: teaching, miracles,
resurrection, and fulﬁlled prophecy.

Teaching

Jesus taught that far from abandoning His people, God’s reign
(basileia, usually translated ‘kingdom’) was imminent. Speaking
almost exclusively to fellow Jews, he told them to be watchful of the
signs of the times and to ready themselves for the new Godly society
that was being prepared. Readiness consists in living as if God’s will
and law were already in force – by observing the spirit rather than
the letter of the law, its essence rather than its every detail. And
the essence of God’s law, according to Jesus, is love without limits.
God is calling His people to love as he loves: perfectly and without
limitation. Those who do so join the family of God, whose ties and
loyalties surpass those of any natural form of human association,
including the biological family.
Although addressed to the individual and calling for a personal
change of heart, Jesus’ message envisages a universal society bound
together by divine love. Replacing limited human ties of affection
11

Jesus: the God-man

Jesus’ teaching testiﬁes to his immersion in the religion and
culture of the Jewish people. The followers of an exclusivistic
monotheism, their identity was based on the belief that God
(Yahweh) had called them out of all the nations, made them His
chosen people, granted them the land of Israel for their exclusive
possession, and given them the Law (Torah) by which to live.
Successive foreign occupations of Israel were often interpreted as
punishment for failure to observe the Law. In Jesus’ day, with
Israel under Roman occupation, a wide range of Jewish teachers,
groups, and movements attempted to make sense of this latest
episode in the stormy history of God’s chosen people.

based on kinship, ethnic identity, and self-interest with the
unlimited love of God, it is an egalitarian kingdom of love without
limits. Jesus likens it to a family in which all are brothers and sisters
of one another and children of the one Father (‘Abba’, Jesus’
preferred name for God). When God’s reign begins on earth it will
be those who are sufﬁciently humble to accept their need for divine
love and forgiveness who will ﬁnd that they belong to this order of
things, whereas the proud, self-righteous, and unjust will be
exposed as citizens of an alternative order. Thus the ﬁrst will be last,
and the last will be ﬁrst.

Extracts from Jesus’ teaching: Matthew 5
and Luke 14
You have heard that it was said, ‘You shall love your
Christianity

neighbour and hate your enemy.’ But I say to you, Love
your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so
that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven;
for He makes His sun rise on the evil and the good,
and sends his rain on the just and on the unjust.
If anyone comes to me and does not hate his own father
and mother and wife and children and brothers and
sisters, yes, even his own life, he cannot be my disciple.

Miracles
Since Jesus’ teaching points away from his person towards the
kingdom of love that he proclaims, it leaves the question of his
status open. The gospels record a few sayings in which Jesus makes
explicit reference to his own unique signiﬁcance (though there is
extensive debate amongst scholars about their authenticity). Some
of these sayings suggest that Jesus is ordained by God to inaugurate
the divine rule on earth. Others have Jesus openly declare that he is
the ‘Son of God’. John’s gospel goes furthest by including long
12

discourses in which Jesus reﬂects on his divine status (the ‘I am . . . ’
discourses). In other gospel passages it is other people who
announce Jesus’ unique status – as Peter does when Jesus is
transﬁgured, and the centurion when he witnesses Jesus’ death.

Resurrection
The greatest miracle of all is the resurrection, and it is no surprise
that three of the four gospels make it their climax (Mark’s gospel
was quickly amended to ensure that it too ended with stories of the
risen Christ). Just as Jews believed that only God could work real
miracles, so they believed that only God could raise a human being
from the dead. There was also widespread belief that God would
only do this at the end of time; the ﬁrst resurrection would
inaugurate a more general resurrection as history was brought to its
close. Thus Jesus’ resurrection would signal to those who believed
in it that God’s power was at work in this man in a special way. It
would conﬁrm that Jesus had a unique role in the divine plan for
the world, and that through his work the long reign of suffering and
oppression was about to come to an end.

Fulﬁlled prophecy
Jesus’ resurrection gained its meaning by being interpreted in the
context of Jewish prophecy and expectation. Since the same was
13

Jesus: the God-man

More important than words in establishing Jesus’ extraordinary
status are miracles. The gospel narratives are full of accounts of
Jesus’ miraculous deeds. They linger lovingly over the detail, and
they lay great emphasis on the way in which witnesses react with
awe and wonder. Some of the miracles involve human healing,
while others demonstrate Jesus’ control over natural events –
stilling the storm, walking on water, feeding ﬁve thousand. Since
the Jewish people believed that God alone had ultimate control over
the world, the clear implication was that God was at work in Jesus.
Even those who are not convinced by Jesus’ miracles admit that
some supernatural power must be at work – if not God, then
Beelzebub the devil.

Christianity

true for the other events of his life and death, the gospel writers are
at pains to show that all these things happened in accordance with
the Jewish scriptures. If, as the Jewish people believed, God was in
control of history, and the prophets had some insight into the
direction in which He was leading it, then they must have foretold
the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. So intense is the
gospels’ concern to demonstrate this logic that some of the stories
about Jesus actually seem to have been shaped or even generated by
a prophecy. This is particularly clear in the stories that the gospels
of Luke and Matthew supply about Jesus’ appearance on earth –
including the conception by a virgin (Mary), the birth in a stable in
Bethlehem, the visit of wise men, and the ﬂight into Egypt.
It was not only Jews who might be convinced by being shown how
‘these things took place to fulﬁl what the prophets foretold’. The
Jewish faith and scriptures were also held in high regard by some
Romans, who admired their morality and antiquity. By presenting
itself as the fulﬁlment of Jewish hope, Christianity might win a
more favourable hearing than if it were perceived to be a novelty –
what we might call a ‘new religious movement’. To show that
Jesus’ life, death, and resurrection took place in accordance with
prophecy, would thus be to transfer some of the weighty authority
of the ancient Jewish scriptures to him and the community that
gathered around his memory.

Who do you say I am?
The earliest gospel, Mark, portrays the most human Jesus, and the
latest, John, the most thoroughly divine. But all the New Testament
gospels agree that Jesus stood in such a uniquely close relationship
to God that he alone crosses the line that separates creatures from
the God who made them. This emphasis on Jesus’ divinity is
echoed and reinforced in the other documents of the New
Testament, including the epistles of Paul. The latter, written by an
aspiring early Christian leader to various groups of Christians
around the Mediterranean, barely refer to the earthly Jesus. Their
14

focus is the risen Jesus, the ‘Lord’ who dwells in the heavens and is
present on earth in the Spirit. Similarly, the Book of Revelation that
ends the New Testament portrays Jesus as the heavenly Lamb who
stands by the throne of God and returns to judge the earth at the
end of time, precipitating terrible destruction before the heavenly
Jerusalem ﬁnally descends to earth and God’s triumphal reign begins.

1. A ‘mere’ human being
Although Jesus taught and ministered amongst the Jewish people
in Palestine, there were many – the majority – who refused to accept
that he was anything more than a man. There were many itinerant
teachers and miracle workers operating in the same area at the
same time, many of whom proclaimed the coming rule of God.
Some were cruciﬁed by the Romans as well. What made Jesus so
special?
‘Gentile’ (non-Jewish) inhabitants of the Roman Empire might be
equally sceptical. If even Jesus’ own countrymen regarded the
claims made on his behalf as ridiculous, who were they to disagree?
Palestine was a small but troublesome region in the Empire, and
Jewish radicals were continually inciting their people to rebel
against the Romans (such rebellion gave rise to the Jewish wars of
66–70 ce and 132–5 ce). Like Jesus, some of these radicals came
from the lowest strata of society, and some preached a primitive
communism. Romans of the ruling classes were bound to be
suspicious. What mattered to them was this world not the next; the
15

Jesus: the God-man

To read the New Testament as a whole is thus to be left in no doubt
that those who compiled it and deemed it scriptural were the
champions of a version of Christianity that wished to stress the
divinity of Christ and the almighty power of the God on whose right
hand the Son now sits. But there were other options open to those
who came into contact with Jesus. As they were expressed in the
earliest Christian centuries, they fall into four main categories –
which have shaped interpretation of the elusive ﬁgure of Jesus
ever since.

Christianity

Empire not the Kingdom. Those whose views have been recorded –
the more educated and philosophical – found the Christian appeal
to miracles and resurrection manipulative, the sighing after another
world misguided, the worship of a God-man demeaning, and the
emphasis on faith irrational.
As a footnote, it is worth recording that the tendency of modern
historical scholarship has been to reinforce such scepticism about
the New Testament’s more exalted claims for Jesus. As information
about the Mediterranean world in the 1st century ce has increased,
scholars have pointed out numerous parallels with Jesus’ life and
teaching, and have attempted to show that no supernatural causes
need be invoked to explain the nature of his career, the expectations
that gathered around him, or his execution at the hands of the
Romans. They have turned the argument from prophecy on its head
by claiming that the gospels’ birth and resurrection narratives can
be explained as attempts to ﬁt Jesus’ life into the logic of Jewish
expectation. And they have offered sociological explanations of how
and why Jesus’ followers turned him into a supernatural being at
the centre of a cult. Like many others in the ﬁrst centuries of the
Christian era, they may be prepared to accept that Jesus was a
remarkable and inspiring human being, but most (not all) are
reluctant to go further – on existing evidence at least.

2. A human being exalted by God
There were other close contemporaries of Jesus who were prepared
to accept that he was something special, even though they would
not go so far as to proclaim him divine.
The idea that God might bless and exalt a man (rarely a
woman) was a commonplace of Jewish thought. The scriptures
contained many such examples: Abraham, Moses, and, above all,
the righteous ruler of ancient Israel, King David. So central was the
ﬁgure of the chosen and favoured king in Jewish history that many
prophecies had come to focus on the ﬁgure of a coming ‘messiah’
who would deliver Israel from all its troubles and oppression.
16

Though there were many different conceptions of what the messiah
would be like, he was generally viewed in largely human terms as a
mighty man anointed by God to fulﬁl the divine purpose on earth.

3. A divine being come to help others become divine
The reason many Jews could accept that Jesus was special but not
that he was divine was that the Jewish faith is strictly monotheistic.
Though a human being can be called by God, exalted by God,
adopted by God, resurrected and caught up into the heavens, he will
still be a human – for there is and only ever can be one God.
In Hellenistic culture, however, the boundaries between divine and
human were less clearly set. This was the dominant culture of the
Roman Empire in Jesus’ day, and it drew its inspiration from the
cultural legacy of the Ancient Greeks (‘Hellenes’). (Much Jewish
culture was also inﬂuenced by Greek thought, and the division
17

Jesus: the God-man

Given the heightened climate of messianic expectation in Jesus’
day, it was relatively easy for some of his earliest Jewish followers to
view him as the long-awaited messiah approved by God. The Greek
word ‘Christ’, which translates the Hebrew word ‘Messiah’, is one of
the ﬁrst titles associated with Jesus, possibly during his own
lifetime. We know that there were many early Christian groups who
remained faithful to the Jewish Law and its ritual observances, and
who continued to consider themselves Jews. What set these ‘Jewish
Christians’ apart from their fellows was their belief that the messiah
had appeared in Jesus of Nazareth and would shortly return to
inaugurate God’s Kingdom. We know from the New Testament that
Paul came into conﬂict with such Christians when he took the
gospel to Gentiles and relaxed the demands of the Jewish law,
including circumcision. Though Paul’s strategy eventually won the
day, there is evidence that groups of Jewish Christians continued to
exist for many centuries to come. Their interpretation of Jesus as a
man exalted by God also found expression in the early Christian
doctrine of ‘adoptionism’ – the belief that Jesus Christ was a
righteous human being who had been adopted and anointed by God.

Christianity

between Jewish and Hellenistic should not be too sharply drawn.)
Hellenistic culture knew many deities, not just one, and its
gods and goddesses presented themselves as larger-than-life
characters in whom human virtues and vices were magniﬁed.
Since the deities often took human form and mingled with
mortals, and there was regular trafﬁc between heaven and earth,
it was easy enough to ﬁt Jesus into this frame of reference – if
one was persuaded there were grounds for thinking of him as
more-than-human. And since there were so many divine beings,
one could accept that Jesus was divine without necessarily believing
that he was unique.
We know that there were many different groups in the ﬁrst
centuries of the Christian era who were inspired by what they heard
about Jesus and happy to admit that he had brought the sacred
into the midst of life. Though they were later classiﬁed by the
‘orthodox’ form of Christianity that produced the New Testament
as ‘heretical’ and ‘gnostic’, they were more diverse in belief and
organization than these blanket terms suggest – as we will see in
Chapter 4. What many shared was the view that Jesus imparted a
special wisdom (‘gnosis’) that could help human beings unlock the
sacred potential of their own lives. Rather than viewing him as a
God who must be worshipped, they therefore viewed him as a
divine being who could help individuals get in touch with ‘the god
within’ – the divine potential that lies at the heart of the human.
Gnostic groups existed alongside other forms of early Christianity
for several centuries. They wrote gospels (like the Gospel of
Thomas), formed canons of scripture, and some developed
sophisticated theology that drew on Greek philosophical
themes. Where they differed from orthodox Christianity and its
interpretation of Jesus was in their view that human beings were
potentially divine. This message had radical, disruptive, and
egalitarian possibilities. Later writers attacked the gnostics for the
way in which they treated women as equals, became arrogant with
their own knowledge, and threatened to undermine established
18

forms of authority. Recently discovered gnostic scriptures, most
notably from Nag Hammadi in Upper Egypt, reveal that gnosticism
drew on female as well as male imagery in speaking of the divine,
that it often questioned established ways of thinking about human
and divine hierarchies, and that it presented Jesus as a teacher who
sought not to humble but to exalt his followers. In all these respects
it challenged the versions of Christianity that found expression in
the New Testament and the church that supported it.

Extract from the Gospel of Thomas (Saying 3)
Jesus says, ‘If your leaders say to you, ‘‘Look, the Father’s
rule is in the sky,’’ then the birds of the sky will precede
you. If they say to you, ‘‘It is in the sea,’’ then the ﬁsh
and outside you. When you know yourselves, then you
will be known, and you will understand that you are
children of the living Father. But if you do not know
yourselves, you live in poverty, and you are the poverty.’

4. The unique God-man
None of the above views represent the New Testament’s
interpretation of Jesus’ signiﬁcance. This ﬁnds its earliest and in
many ways its most systematic expression in Paul’s letters. Paul’s
view differs from both adoptionism and gnosticism, and it helped
mark the boundaries of what, after the extended period of struggle
that will be reviewed in the following chapters, would eventually be
established as orthodox ‘Christology’ (literally, ‘words/thought
about Christ’).
Paul was a Jew, and he accepts the monotheism of the Jewish
scriptures. He believes that there is only one almighty, male, creator
God and that all creatures are subordinate to him – as a pot is to a
19

Jesus: the God-man

will precede you. Rather the Father’s rule is inside you

Christianity

potter. If God is displeased with what he has made, he can smash it
and begin his work again. This rules out the gnostic route for Paul,
for it would be impossible for him to afﬁrm that humans contain the
inherent potential to be reunited with their divine source. But Paul
is also unable to rest content with an adoptionist Christology, for he
believes that Jesus has a connection with God that is closer and
more intrinsic.
For Paul, Jesus is connected to God in a way in which no other
human being ever has been, can be, or will be. He is not in the
heavens with God because God chose to dignify his humanity – he
was with God from the beginning of time and all things were
created in and through him. He is, in other words, nothing less than
the ordering principle of the universe, the timeless divine wisdom
by and through which all things were made, and the image of that
perfect divine humanity that is the goal and purpose of the whole
creation. He is God even more than he is man.
Unlike gnostic inner Christianity, the Pauline view presents human
beings not with the challenge of realizing their own divinity by
going within, but with the duty of looking upward toward ‘the Lord’
(Paul’s preferred title for Jesus and for God) who alone can save
them from their destiny of sin and death. Such salvation can only
come about if creatures are prepared to renounce their own
judgement, will, and desire in order to be possessed by the Spirit
of Christ (the ‘Holy Spirit’). For although human beings have no
natural ability to become a ‘Son of God’ like Christ, by supernatural
grace they may be transformed into new beings – ‘sons by adoption’
in Paul’s terms. Humans are saved not by their own power or
potential, but by being ruled by Christ and living in, through, and
for him rather than for themselves. For Paul, the ritual of water
baptism symbolizes the death of the old self and the birth of a
new Christ-like self. After baptism, as Paul puts it, ‘it is no longer I
who live, but Christ who lives in me’. The baptized do not become
gods in their own right, but members of ‘the body of Christ’ – parts
of a divine collectivity under the headship of Christ. Their
20

2. Mosaic of Christ from St Peter’s Basilica, Vatican City (3rd century
CE). Early Christian art borrowed images from classical mythology in
order to depict Jesus as a divine being. Here he appears as Apollo/the
sun god.

transformation begins on earth, but will culminate in their
resurrection from the dead.

Christianity

For Paul, then, Jesus is the unique God-man – with the emphasis
on ‘God’. Though truly human, he is divine in a way no other
human being ever can be. His humanity, though afﬁrmed, tends
to be subsumed and subordinated to his divinity, as it is in the
equally ‘high’ Christology of John’s Gospel. The distinction
between God and humanity is preserved, as is the necessity
of human subordination. Humans are saved not by their own
powers, but by the power of the God to whom they must
submit, the work of Christ which they must accept with faith,
and the power of the Spirit which must take control of
their lives.

Extract from Paul’s Letter to the Galatians
When we were children, we were slaves to the elemental spirits of the universe. But when the time had
fully come, God sent forth His Son, born of a woman,
born under the Law, to redeem those who were under
the Law, so that we might receive adoption as Sons.
And because you are sons, God has sent the Spirit of
His Son into our hearts, crying, ‘Abba! Father!’.

Extract from John’s Gospel
And the Word became ﬂesh and dwelt among us, full
of grace and truth; we have beheld His glory, glory as
of the only Son from the Father . . . No one has ever
seen God; the only Son, who is in the bosom of the
Father, He has made Him known.

22

Conclusion

All these interpretations would be carried forward into Christianity
and shape its course in the coming centuries. The ﬁrst view – the
inner, mystical, more gnostic version of Christianity – lay at the
margins of what came to be considered orthodox, whilst the ‘higher’
Christology was gradually identiﬁed with the orthodox cause. But at
some point in time each and every one of the positions along the
spectrum would ﬁnd its champions and win its supporters. And the
interactions between them, and between them and wider society,
would shape the course of Christian history.

23

Jesus: the God-man

The spiritual energy harnessed and unleashed by the life,
ministry, teaching, and memory of Jesus gave rise to a range of
interpretations of his signiﬁcance, and with them a range of
different ‘Christianities’. Amongst the latter there were those which
saw in Jesus a stimulus to realize one’s own divine nature and unite
with one’s spiritual source. For them, the God-man was a dazzling
provocation to seek the divine within. There were others which held
that the God-man should be worshipped not emulated, and which
placed more stress on his unique divinity than his common
humanity. For them, the God-man reinforced belief that God
was above rather than within, and that He must be obeyed and
revered. And in between these poles were those which agreed that
salvation must come from above and must cleanse and destroy our
sinful human nature, but nevertheless believed that the divine – as
Holy Spirit – could enter within the human to render it more
Christ-like.

Chapter 2
The signs and symbols
of Christianity

The previous chapter introduced Christianity by sketching the
range of ways in which Jesus was ﬁrst understood and interpreted.
This chapter continues the introductory task by offering a brief
overview of how the Christian ritual and symbolic universe
developed on the basis of these foundations – in particular, how it
developed around the orthodox vision of the unique God-man.
What is presented here is very much an ‘ideal type’ – a
generalization arrived at by singling out features common to
the most inﬂuential types of Christianity and ignoring their
variations. Although the signs, symbols, stories, and rituals
described are those most widely shared amongst the different
branches of Christianity they are made manifest in different ways.
Christianity in the East, for example, places less emphasis on sin
than the Western churches, whilst Biblical churches often give
relatively little space to sacraments and liturgy and formal ritual in
general, and some forms of Mystical Christianity do away with these
‘externals’ of religion altogether. In this chapter such differences
will be downplayed; they are the focus of the chapters that follow.

Sin
According to the New Testament, the ‘good news’ is that a unique
God-man has come to earth, revealed himself to the world, and
24

offered to save all those who dedicate their lives to him. This
only counts as good news, however, if you also believe in some
very bad news: that human beings need to be saved from
something, and are incapable of saving themselves. The more
you emphasize the unique and indispensable role of the God-man,
the church that bears his name, and those who speak on his behalf,
the more you need there to be a problem so serious that only they
can put it right.

‘Behold, the man has become like one of us, knowing good and evil;
and now, lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life,
and live for ever’ – therefore the Lord God sent him forth . . .

Life east of Eden is very different from life in paradise. Adam must
toil and sweat to cultivate a soil that bears thorns and thistles; Eve is
condemned to bring forth children in pain; and both are destined to
return to the dust from whence they came.
It was – and is – possible to interpret this story in a variety of ways.
Therein lies much of its power. One obvious reading is that the
story speaks of the infancy of the human race, and that the eating
of the fruit represents not only loss of innocence but entrance
25

The signs and symbols of Christianity

The New Testament already had a name for the problem – ‘sin’ – but
it was the theologian and bishop Augustine of Hippo (354–430 ce)
who breathed life into the concept by placing it within the
framework of a story of immense power: the story of the ‘Fall’.
Augustine’s account had its basis in the Old Testament, in the
narrative of Genesis 3 which recounts how the ﬁrst human beings,
Adam and Eve, were brought into being by God in an earthly
paradise, the Garden of Eden. Though they live in the closest
communion with God, He forbids them to eat from the tree at the
centre of the garden: the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
But Eve, tempted by the serpent, eats and encourages Adam to
do likewise. As a result, Genesis tells us, God removes them from
the garden:

3. Eve, the Serpent and Death by Hans Baldung Grien (c.1520–5). In
this late medieval depiction, Eve enters willingly into a pact with the
serpent (the devil) and with death; not only is she tempted, she is also
temptress.

into adulthood – with the burdens that brings. Augustine
interpreted the story very differently. For him it was bad news
through and through. Adam and Eve should have remained in
the garden forever, living in unquestioning obedience to the God
who knew what was best for them. Their action is utterly sinful;
not an admirable grasping at knowledge but a damnable
disobedience. What is worse, and here Augustine moves well
beyond what the original narrative supplies, their action has
corrupted their very nature, and this corruption has been
inherited by every member of the human race. (Augustine
believed not only that Adam and Eve were the real, biological
parents of the human race, but that their sin was transmitted by
way of sexual reproduction.)

Not all Christians were prepared to go all the way with Augustine.
As we will see in Chapter 4, Eastern Christianity did not accept
Augustine’s belief in the total corruption of human beings. In the
West, too, there were some theologians, including Thomas
Aquinas, who argued that ‘post-lapsarian’ (after the Fall) human
beings still retained the ability to discern the existence of God and
distinguish basic right from wrong (see Chapter 3). Nevertheless,
Christianity across the ages tended to accept the main thrust of
an Augustinian interpretation by endorsing the view that humans
are ultimately powerless to save themselves. If we are not to
live wretched lives on earth, and still more wretched lives in the
hell that awaits us after death, we require the assistance of a
heavenly saviour.
27

The signs and symbols of Christianity

Bad news indeed. If Augustine was right – and orthodoxy in
the West was quick to insist that he was – then every human
being is received into the world as damaged goods. So serious
is the damage that there is nothing they can do to put it right.
All they can do is repent of their own deepest instincts and
desires – above all sexual desire – and throw themselves on the
mercy of their saviour, Jesus Christ, and the church that mediates
his saving grace.

4. The Way of Good and Evil,
American woodcut (1826).
This allegory depicts the few
who pass through the cross of
Christ to heaven, and the many
who walk into the ﬁres of hell.

Even as late as the 19th century, Christians were still producing
paintings, sermons, tracts, ﬁction, and hymns that depicted the
‘bad news’ in the most vivid fashion. Some gave expression to
the total depravity and unutterable wickedness of ‘the heart
of man’, whilst others depicted the torments that awaited the
unrepentant sinner in lurid terms. Even though depictions
of hell have become less common in Christian circles today,
the belief in human sinfulness remains. Most liturgies
(the written scripts of worship services) still begin with a
confession of sinfulness, and many hymns continue to reinforce
the message.

The worse the bad news, the better and more welcome the good
news. The deeper the sin of Adam, the higher the triumph of
Christ. ‘O felix culpa . . . ’ exclaims the Latin Mass of the Roman
Catholic Church, ‘oh happy sin which has received as its reward
so great and so good a redeemer’. For a Christianity of higher
power, the saviour was quickly exalted high above the human
condition – and has remained there ever since. Despite
clear doctrinal insistence that he is ‘very God and very man’
(see Chapter 3), his divinity has tended to eclipse and qualify
his humanity rather than vice versa.
This early stress on Christ’s divine status may explain why
there are no records of what the human Jesus looked like. It
certainly explains why the earliest visual representations of
Christ, from the 2nd century, present him as a god rather than
a man, and borrow directly from Graeco-Roman art (as in
Figure 2 in the previous chapter). When Christianity ﬁnally
began to develop its own images of Jesus, from the 4th century
onwards, the ﬁgure of a slim, pale, bearded, robed, long-haired,
ethereal man emerged, and has remained deﬁnitive to this day.
Though this Jesus has a human face, it is no ordinary face.
His expression is impassive, his gaze disconcertingly direct,
29

The signs and symbols of Christianity

The saviour

Christian confessions of sin
We have followed too much the devices and desires
of our own hearts,
We have offended against thy holy laws,
We have left undone those things which we ought to
have done,
And we have done those things which we ought not to
have done,
And there is no health in us.
General confession from the Book of
Common Prayer (Anglican)

Christianity

Repent, and live: despair and trust!
Jesus for you to death was sold;
Though hell protest, and earth repine,
He died for crimes like yours – and mine.
Verse of a Methodist hymn (by Charles Wesley)
Original sin is the corruption of nature of every man,
that naturally is engendered of the offspring of Adam,
whereby man is very far gone from original righteousness, and of his own nature inclined to evil, and that
continually.
The Methodist Articles of Religion
We have no-one to blame but ourselves when we
choose to sin. And no one to thank but our Creator
when he chooses to save us from our sins . . . again.
Bad Girls of the Bible (popular Evangelical
book by Liz Curtis Higgs, 1999)

30

his divinity signalled by an aura or halo, his power manifest in
his bearing (often seated on a throne, with a hand raised in
blessing, sometimes with a book of law). He is usually located
beyond the mundane world in an empty, dimensionless
golden space. We are dealing here with ‘icons’ rather than
portraits – magical images that offer access to the mysterious
divine power they represent.

Until the early Middle Ages such images of Christ dominated
the Christian imagination. Gradually, however, they were
supplemented with something rather different: depictions of
Christ suffering and dying – Christ on the cross, Christ being
taken down from the cross, and the Pietà (the dead Christ
cradled in the arms of his mother Mary). As we will see in later
chapters, the change was bound up with new forms of devotion
that focused not only on the glory and majesty of the saviour, but
on his suffering. Images of Christ’s death encouraged believers to
meditate on his unique suffering, the sinfulness that nailed him to
the cross, and the amazing love of the saviour. As well as signalling
Christ’s humanity, such images had the effect of underlining his
unique divinity (see Fig. 6 on page 33).
31

The signs and symbols of Christianity

Consider the image of Christ Pantocrator (‘Christ the ruler
of all things’), which is located high above the altar in some
churches in the East (see Fig. 5 overleaf ). To see it you look
upwards, above the earth and the human condition, where the
saviour dwells in heavenly splendour. The architecture and
decoration in the churches in which the image is set are
deliberately designed to give an impression of heaven brought
down to earth. In entering one steps out of the mundane world
and into a space that gives a foretaste of the higher and better
reality that surrounds it – the world of Jesus, Mary, and the saints.
More real than this world, this paradise can be accessed here and
now by receiving the church’s sacraments, participating in its
rituals, hearing its music, viewing its dazzling images, and
obeying its authority.

Christianity

5. Christ Pantocrator, Abbey Church of Monreale, Sicily (12th century).

Some of the images produced by the Renaissance of the 14th,
15th, and 16th centuries drew Christ much closer to the human
condition. So-called because it involved a re-naissance (‘re-birth’) of
classical culture, this European cultural movement revived the
Ancient Greek and Roman theme of the dignity of the human
condition. Since it was a Christian as much as a classical movement,
this dignity was often expressed by way of images of Jesus. In the
32

The signs and symbols of Christianity

6. Cruciﬁxion, by Matthias Grunewald (1500–8).

work of the early Renaissance artist Giotto, for example, Jesus
appears as human not merely by virtue of his suffering, but in his
ability to feel and express the full range of human emotions by way
of a solid, three-dimensional body of ﬂesh and blood. Even Giotto’s
angels have feelings; like Jesus’ devoted human followers they
weep and beat their breasts as they behold the death of Christ. Later
Renaissance art would go even further towards the humanization
33

Christianity

of Jesus, sometimes depicting him naked and with male genitalia,
thereby interpreting even human sexuality as a mark of potential
human perfection rather than Fall.
The Reformation of the 16th century brought with it something of a
reaction against these more obviously human images of Jesus, and
a re-emphasis on his unique relationship with the Almighty Father
God. Catholic art found ways of depicting Christ as a supra-human
being who exceeds the human condition and dwells in the heavens,
whilst Protestant art sometimes conveyed the authority of Christ
by picturing him as literally ‘backed up’ by the Father. In many
depictions Christ is removed from the repertoire of the human by
being idealized. Both he and the Virgin Mary now appear as ideal
types of moral perfection and human beauty, compared to which
actual human beings will always fall short. As such, they can have
the effect of reinforcing a sense of human sinfulness rather than
human potential, whilst appearing on the surface to do the
opposite (Fig. 7).

7. The Holy Family with a Little Bird, by Murillo (c. 1650).
34

35

The signs and symbols of Christianity

The tendency of Christian art to depict Jesus as human – only
better – continued in the 19th and 20th centuries. With the
invention of cheap printing, images of Jesus became more widely
available than ever before. The majority depict a handsome man
who is both masterful and compassionate. In Roman Catholic
depictions of The Sacred Heart (see Fig. 8 on page 36), Jesus
literally lays bare his heart to those who would love, or scorn,
him. In Holman Hunt’s famous allegory The Light of the World
(see Fig. 9 on page 37), he knocks on the door that symbolizes the
human soul and that can only be opened from within. In Warner
Sallman’s popular portrait of Jesus (see Fig. 10 on page 38) he
appears as a handsome, caring all-American male (Sallman rejected
an early version with the comment: ‘top of hair and head looks
feminine’). Such images still speak of Jesus’ divinity more than his
humanity, for they do more to remove him from the normal human
condition than to identify him with it. The ‘removal’ is obviously
greater for women than for men (see Chapter 7).

8. The Sacred Heart of Jesus. Image on a popular card (c. 1900).

9. The Light of the World, by Holman Hunt (1900–4).

Christianity

10. Head of Christ, by Warner Sallman (1941).

Laying hold of salvation
Christianity developed many different ways of explaining how
Christ saves (so-called ‘theories of atonement’). Some said he had
defeated the devil and his angels, others that he was a sacriﬁce to
God, still others that humans are saved by entering into mystical
union with Christ. In modern times the theory of ‘substitutionary
38

atonement’ has become very inﬂuential, especially in Evangelical
circles (see Chapter 5). It holds that Christ becomes a substitute
for humanity, taking our sins upon himself and suffering the
necessary punishment on our behalf.

Despite their characteristic stress on human passivity in relation
to salvation, however, Christian leaders and teachers were clear
that there was something Christians could and must do in
order to be saved – have faith in God’s saving power, and join
the church. In Christianity God’s grace is mediated to humanity
through two channels, ‘Word’ and ‘sacrament’, and both are
best received by way of a Christian community. Though different
forms of Christianity might lay more stress to the one or the
other channel of grace, all Christian worship services are
composed of some mixture of the two: reading from the Bible,
preaching and exposition of the Word, consecration and reception
of sacraments.
A sacrament is a material object that symbolizes and transmits
divine power. Although the Catholic Church would eventually
recognize seven sacraments (baptism, Eucharist, penance,
conﬁrmation, ordination, marriage, extreme unction), the two
sacraments recognized by all Christian churches are baptism and
Eucharist (the latter may also be called ‘Mass’, ‘Holy Communion’
39

The signs and symbols of Christianity

Behind these different theories was the shared view that we are
saved not by anything we do, are, or can achieve, but solely by the
initiative of God working through Christ to save us. In the most
extreme view, the view of Augustine and some of the Protestant
reformers, even when we are saved we remain sinners: God
simply chooses not to condemn us for our sins (see Chapter 3).
For other Christian thinkers, salvation does effect some change
and improvement in the human condition, even if it fails to make
us perfect. At the other pole of the spectrum is the minority view
that salvation can result in human perfection, even divinization
(see Chapters 4 and 5).

Christianity

or ‘the Lord’s Supper’). Their basic elements could not be simpler:
in baptism, a washing in water; in the Eucharist, a sharing of bread
and wine.
Through baptism an individual is ‘born again’, not into the world
but into the church, and not by natural birth but by supernatural
re-birth. The transition is marked by an immersion in water, which
symbolizes entry into the womb or the grave, as well as a washing
and cleansing. Christological signiﬁcance is expressed through the
language of ‘washing in the blood of the lamb’ (where Christ is
likened to a sacriﬁcial lamb), and in the metaphor of a ‘dying’ of the
old life in order to live in Christ. The ritual brings new life in several
senses. First, in that one is no longer under the power of the devil
and evil spirits but under the Lordship of Christ (a transition that
is also marked by anointing with oil after the baptism). Second,
that one is living by a new set of standards – not of the world but of
God and His church. Third, that one is no longer living the old
mortal life but has already begun to live the risen life of Christ – in
anticipation of eternal life.
The Eucharist repeats, reiterates, and reinforces the message
of baptism. The simple act of sharing a meal has an obvious
signiﬁcance in binding together those who participate. For
Christians this signiﬁcance was extended by virtue of the fact
that Christ, at the Last Supper he ate with his disciples, is said to
have commanded them to ‘do this in remembrance of me’. What is
more, the bread and wine can be understood as a symbol of the
sacriﬁce that he then made and the gift he offers: his ﬂesh and
blood given for the salvation of the human race. The symbolism
is powerful: those who participate are being nourished by Christ’s
body; his ﬂesh is becoming part of them and they are becoming
part of him, whilst also being drawn into closer relationship with
one another. Since Christ’s death on the cross is often interpreted
as a sacriﬁcial offering to God, so the Eucharist can be understood
as a symbol or even a repetition of this unique sacriﬁce of the
beloved Son.
40

11. Mass of Saint Gregory, by Israhel van Meckenem (1490s). This
engraving commemorates a vision in which Jesus appeared to Pope
Gregory the Great (c. 540–604) as he celebrated Mass. Jesus’ blood
pours into the chalice, while his body represents the bread of the Mass.
There could be no more vivid representation of Christian belief in the
‘real presence’ of the God-man in the sacraments.

Christianity

Christianity operates, in other words, by taking basic elements of
‘natural’, unredeemed life and sacralizing them by bringing them
into relation with the transforming power of God. It does the same
with time, dividing up the calendar not on the basis of nature’s
seasons and rhythms, but according to the life and death of Christ.
Thus the Christian world counts time forwards from the birth of
Christ, and organizes the year around Christ’s birth (Christmas), his
death and resurrection (Good Friday and Easter), and other lesser
feasts and fasts. Even the Christian week pivots around the day on
which Christ was raised from the dead (Sunday) (see Figure 13,
page 60). By hearing God’s Word, and by receiving the sacraments,
individual life, social life – indeed the whole of creation – is
conformed ever more closely to the higher power of God, revealed
in the life, death, and resurrection of the God-man.

Spirit and world
The characteristic Christian framework of sin and salvation abases
the human and exalts the divine. The good life is not the life lived
according to one’s deepest instincts and desires, but the life lived
according to the higher standards of God as witnessed to by Christ.
One must destroy and give up one’s own will and appetites in order
to live wholly according to the pattern of Christ. Thus God, the
saviour and the means of salvation – Word and sacraments – are all
‘objective’ and external to the believer. One is saved not by what lies
within, but by what lies outside and is in a signiﬁcant sense alien to
the human condition.
This outward and objective orientation is qualiﬁed, however, by
Christian belief in the Holy Spirit. God the Father dwells above in
the heavens, and His Son sits on his right hand. But not only did His
Son come down to earth to save us, He is still present and accessible
on earth by way of His Spirit. In Christian thought, the Spirit is
inseparable from Father and Son; ‘He’ is the Spirit of God and the
Spirit of Christ. Rather than existing above the world, the Spirit is
God’s presence in the world – and in the heart of the believer. In
42

other words, the Spirit qualiﬁes Christian belief in the transcendent
otherness of God, and brings the divine into life. And the greater the
emphasis that Christians and Christian groups place upon the
Spirit, the more they shift the focus of their religion from higher
power to power within.

But the Spirit remains the rogue element in Christianity, the sacred
in a form that is hardest for the churches to pin down and control.
Despite the precautions that have been taken, it is always open
to ordinary women and men to claim its inspiration and, in doing
so, to lay hold of God’s own power for themselves. Although
Christianity took pains to identify divine power with its own
institutions, rituals, sacraments, and scriptures exclusively, the
43

The signs and symbols of Christianity

Even the ‘highest’ forms of Christianity believe in the Holy Spirit, at
least in theory, but the Spirit has played a less prominent role in
orthodox Christian life and thought than God the Father and God
the Son. The New Testament has no systematic doctrine of the
Spirit (‘pneumatology’). The Holy Spirit descends upon Jesus
‘as a dove’ when Jesus is baptized in the River Jordan by John the
Baptist; it ‘overshadows’ Mary when she conceives Jesus; and
it is poured out on Christ’s followers after he ascends to heaven
(at Pentecost). For Paul the Spirit takes possession of Christians at
baptism, taking the place of the evil spirits who formerly enslaved
them, and ﬁlling them instead with the mind and life of Christ. It
was several centuries before orthodox Christianity arrived at an
agreement that the Holy Spirit was divine in the same way and to
the same degree as the Father and the Son. Even then the Spirit was
deﬁned as ‘proceeding’ or being ‘breathed’ from the Father, which
suggested that the Spirit was in some way subject to the higher
authority of the Father. This impression was reinforced when, after
the 6th century, the Western churches began to afﬁrm that the Holy
Spirit ‘proceeds from the Father and the Son’ (see Chapter 6). The
effect, on the imagination at least, was to subordinate Spirit to
Father and Son, just as the effect of liturgical practice was to
subordinate it to Word and sacrament.

Christianity

Spirit may be received as a free-ﬂoating divine power which anyone
can plug into – without the authorization of the church or the need
for its mediating agency. As we will see in Chapter 4, radical
Christian groups such as the Quakers who developed a very high
doctrine of the Spirit dispensed with priests, scriptures, and
sacraments altogether. They had no need of these external
containers of the divine when, in their view, the sacred could enter
directly into human life.
Not only may the Spirit challenge the Christian preference for
higher power, it can also qualify a general Christian preference for
stability and changelessness. The Christian God is normally said to
be changeless. He brings into being a world that is fully formed.
Christ has been at the right hand of God from all eternity. The end
will be like the beginning – paradise will be restored and the second
Adam will take the place set aside for him from all eternity. The
truth has been laid out in Christ’s revelation once and for all.
The best that can be hoped for is recapitulation, restoration, and
reformation. These are common, and central, themes in Christian
life and thought. By contrast, the Spirit highlights a different, more
suppressed theme in Christianity: that the divine is present in and
through change, working to ‘make all things new’.
This is not to imply that Christianity is generally content with
the world in which it ﬁnds itself. Far from it. In looking above,
Christianity also looks beyond. It cherishes and nourishes a vision
of perfection – not the way things are but the way they ought to be.
The vision is summed up in Christ, and is nurtured, enacted, and
embodied in the ritual actions that Christians perform as they
come together to worship. Such ritual always anticipates what lies
beyond. Such ‘beyondness’ may be thought of in spatial terms as ‘up
there’ (heaven, higher than the world) or in temporal terms as ‘to
come’ (the coming Kingdom of God, the end of the world, the return
of Jesus). Consequently, Christianity says both that individuals go to
heaven when they die, and that they will be resurrected at the end of
time – and Christian ritual and expectation looks forward to both.
44

For Christians of all hues, then, this world is not the only – nor the
best – world. There is something higher that must be aspired to,
and something better that can be hoped for. The consequences of
this belief are varied. For some, it means rejecting this world, this
life, this body in order to prepare for the higher life that is to come
(the ascetic tendency). For others, it means ‘treading lightly’ in the
world: taking its joys and satisfactions, sufferings and frustrations
as transitory and relatively insubstantial compared to the life to
come. And for some the vision of perfection acts as a provocation to
act in the world here and now in order to bring it more closely into
line with God’s higher standards. Belief in the Spirit can inspire each
and every one of these options.

What sets Christianity apart from other monotheisms and
turns it into a religion in its own right is its emphasis on the
unique God-man in whom the might, majesty, and mercy of God
are made visible and accessible to mortals. This saviour becomes
the focus of a new community of worship (the church) with
distinctive beliefs and rituals. Its promise is that all who join,
receive its sacraments, and hear its Word, will be saved from sin
and death and admitted into the kingdom of heaven. Emphasis on
the higher power of God is, however, qualiﬁed by Christian belief
in the Holy Spirit – in the divine as it comes within human life
rather than standing over and above it.

45

The signs and symbols of Christianity

Conclusion

Chapter 3
Church and Biblical
Christianity

This chapter considers in more detail how a mode of Christianity
orientated around higher power became dominant. Covering the
period from the 4th century to the dawn of the modern period, it
traces the development of the two most important manifestations
of such Christianity – what can be called ‘Church Christianity’
and ‘Biblical Christianity’. Church Christianity has had the
most extensive inﬂuence over the longest period of all types of
Christianity. Both the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern
Orthodox Church belong to this type, as do many of the earlier
Protestant churches, most notably the Lutheran, Presbyterian,
and Anglican churches (see below). With its origins in the
upheavals of the Protestant Reformation of the 16th century,
Biblical Christianity develops out of Church Christianity, and
retains a number of its characteristics, including its orientation
around higher power. But instead of locating such power – on
earth – in the church, its rituals and traditions, priests and
sacraments, it attributes highest authority to the Bible.

Characteristics of Church Christianity
The fact that the word ‘church’ refers both to a community of
Christians and the building in which they gather is not inconsequential,
for this style of building, ﬁrst developed by Church Christianity,
tells us a good deal about the latter’s characteristic commitments.
46

As well as directing attention upwards, churches direct it towards a
focal point at the east end of the building, where an altar is located
(most churches are rectangular, with the longest sides of the
rectangle running east to west). A font, designed to contain water
for baptism, may also be prominent somewhere in the building.
Taken in combination with the ‘vertical’ focus on transcendence, the
effect is to suggest that even though God may dwell high above in
the heavens, He is available here on earth by way of the church’s
sacraments – the bread and wine of the Eucharist, the water of
baptism. This sacramental focus is a key characteristic of Church
Christianity. Though it reveres the Bible, its architecture tells us
that it gives a still more important place to the sacraments, for the
pulpit is rarely in as prominent a place as the altar.
Sacramentalism goes hand in hand with another key characteristic
of Church Christianity: sacerdotalism (the granting of authority to
47

Church and Biblical Christianity

One obvious thing about a church is that its main space is designed
to accommodate a group of people. Unlike many temples, or
meditation rooms, a church is not designed primarily for
individuals coming into the presence of the sacred on a one-to-one
basis, but for a group coming into the presence of God. Yet the
group is not itself the main focus of what goes on in these
buildings. If the purpose were simply for people to meet one
another, churches could look like meeting halls. Instead, they tend
to be tall, impressive, imposing buildings. The interior space
usually rises to the rafters, whilst from outside the impression of
height is accentuated by a tower or steeple. The effect is to draw
attention away from the self and the group towards that which
transcends them – an effect which is heightened when walls,
windows, and ceilings are decorated with images of the heavens and
their inhabitants. The design carries a message: that such religion
looks to a God who is higher than human beings and who calls forth
their worship, praise, obedience, service, obeisance. (Hence the
name of the main activity for which these buildings are constructed:
‘worship service’.)

Christianity

an ordained ‘clergy’ who are set apart from the ‘laity’). The two
characteristics go hand in hand, because sacraments require priests
to consecrate and administer them, and the power of the one
reinforces the power of the other. If it is believed that the bread and
wine of the Eucharist are really the body and blood of the God-man,
then the men who handle them are the deputies of God Himself,
with divine power in their hands. What is more, since you can only
have a sacrament if you have a priest (since he alone is allowed to
perform the rituals in which the elements of water, bread, and wine
are transformed into sacred objects), and since you can only have a
church if you have the sacraments, there can be no living church
without a clergyman.
At the very heart of Church Christianity, then, there is a hierarchical
power that ﬂows down from heaven to earth. At the top of the
pyramid is God the Father, in whom all power is concentrated. His
power is mediated by His Son, Jesus Christ, who, in turn, channels
power through his designated representatives on earth, the clergy.
Thus Church Christianity structures its own life – the life of God’s
people – after the hierarchical model of divine power from on high.
What is more, it extends this model to the whole of society. In
Church Christianity the belief that Christ is Lord of all the earth
engenders a sense of responsibility not only for those already inside
the church, but for those outside. In order to discharge this
responsibility, it is willing to work with the wider society. Thus
Church Christianity aims to create a universal Christian society, and
when opportunity presents itself, it is willing to enter into alliance
with political power to achieve this aim.

Origins of Church Christianity
It is quite possible that Jesus envisaged a fully egalitarian society
whose members share table fellowship, teach and minister to one
another, and refuse to acknowledge any authority except that of a
God of Love. How did a movement inspired by such ideals turn into
a hierarchical, sacramental, sacerdotal church?
48

We can glimpse a transitional stage in the process in the
communities to which Paul writes. Authority within these groups is
conferred according to particular gifts bestowed on people by the
Holy Spirit – such as preaching, teaching, prophecy, and healing.
But it is clear that a few individuals, including Paul himself, are
trying to claim special authority for themselves, an authority that is
justiﬁed in terms of their direct contact with the risen Lord (whom
Paul has encountered in a rapture). Although egalitarian, Spirit-led
forms of Christian community would continue to exist (see the next
chapter), they appear to have been challenged by those who
believed that order and unity could be achieved by way of
hierarchical leadership.

As well as concentrating power in the hands of a few, apostolic
succession helped secure uniformity of belief amongst Christians.
Although ‘heretics’ might claim to know the wisdom of Jesus by
direct inspiration, their ‘orthodox’ opponents could claim to be
more faithful to the memory of what the historical Jesus actually
said and did – since they stood in a chain of received wisdom that
stretched back to him. Apostolic succession was equally important
as a way of tying a developing sacramentalism to the ofﬁce of a
recognized priesthood. In Jewish and Graeco-Roman religion, a
49

Church and Biblical Christianity

As formal leadership roles developed, they were reserved for
men and, amongst men, for those who could claim some
direct association with Jesus. As time went by and Jesus’
contemporaries began to die off, the idea of ‘apostolic succession’
developed, according to which authority was passed down a male
line that could be traced back to Jesus and the ‘apostles’ who had
known him directly. In order to make sure that the purity of this
line was safeguarded, those who belonged to it chose their
successors carefully, and authorized them through a laying on of
hands, which gradually developed into a formal rite of priestly
‘ordination’. Leaders were not simply chosen by the community;
they were ordained by God, and set apart from the rest of
humanity.

Christianity

priest was normally a person authorized to perform sacriﬁce,
and hence to stand between the humans who offered the sacriﬁce
and the God who received it. As Christianity developed an
understanding of Christ’s death as sacriﬁce and the Eucharist as a
repetition of this once-for-all offering, so the language of priesthood
became more appropriate. Christian priests were understood to
stand in a special relation to the God-man by virtue not only of
apostolic succession, but because of their ability to offer His
sacriﬁce at the altar on behalf of the people. One reason the priestly
ofﬁce was reserved for men was because it was thought more
appropriate for a male to represent the God-man than for a female
to do so (see Chapter 7).
By the 2nd century all these lines of development were coming
together to form the basis of Church Christianity. Its advocates
preferred to speak of it as ‘catholic’ which means ‘universal’, or
‘orthodox’ which means ‘true belief’. By presenting itself as the one
true, universal form of Christianity, it was possible to make
alternative versions of the faith look like deviations from a pure root
stock and their followers like schismatics and heretics. But the
claim to catholicity also had a strong institutional underpinning,
given that Church Christianity had established a clear line of
leadership, a uniﬁed set of ritual practices and a unifying focus in
the only Son of the One True God. The drive towards unity was
reinforced by the establishment of a hierarchy of leadership in
which ‘bishops’ oversaw ‘priests’, who in turn had authority
over ‘deacons’ (responsible for pastoral care and other services) and
lay people. All these developments helped enforce discipline within
Church Christianity and bind many separate communities together
under a single ‘head’, Jesus Christ, represented on earth by the
bishop.
As well as being marked by orderliness and hierarchy, Church
Christianity was characterized by social conservatism.
Its representatives had little desire to rock the boat of the
Graeco-Roman urban society in which they were now situated
50

Extract from Ignatius, to the Smyreans
The letters of Ignatius (c. 35–c. 107) provide an early glimpse
of a Christian leader striving to establish episcopal authority
(the leadership of bishops) by arguing that the hierarchy
of heaven must be reﬂected within the organization of the
church.
Avoid divisions, as the beginning of evil. Follow, all of you, the
bishop, as Jesus Christ followed the Father . . . Let that eucharist be considered valid which is under the bishop or him to
whom he commits it . . . Whatsover [the bishop] approves,

(the Jesus movement’s roots in rural, peasant society had been
quickly left behind). True, Christians liked to draw a distinction
between the sexual licence and immorality that characterized
wider society and their own commitment to chastity and
life-long marriage, but many respectable Romans would have
been sympathetic to such a chaste sexual ethic. When it came
to more radical matters such as questioning the patriarchal
nature of the family, masculine domination in general, or
the slave-based economy of the Roman Empire, Church
Christianity was silent. Its apologists were more concerned to
convince the Romans that Christians were trustworthy, moral, and
loyal citizens whose presence in the Empire could only serve to
strengthen it.
But there was one area where Church Christians would not
compromise, however much offence it caused. Christians insisted
that theirs was the only true God, that He demanded exclusive
loyalty, that other so-called gods were demons and evil spirits, and
that only by accepting the God of Jesus Christ could people be
51

Church and Biblical Christianity

that is well pleasing to God.

saved. Such exclusivism troubled the Romans, who were tolerant
of religions throughout the Empire so long as they, in turn, were
tolerant of one another. The Christians’ refusal to honour the
Roman gods was considered a political as well as a religious offence,
for the strength of the Empire was believed to depend upon the
proper observance of its religion. When imperial decrees demanded
sacriﬁce to the Roman gods, some Christians refused. To the
Romans’ amazement, a signiﬁcant number demonstrated their
willingness to die rather than betray their God for an ‘idol’, thus
becoming the ﬁrst Christian martyrs.

Christianity

Empire and church
Despite its institutional strength and unity, and the powerful
witness of martyrdom, Church Christianity’s rise to power would
probably never have come about had the Roman Emperor himself
not converted to its cause.
Prior to the year 313, in which the Emperor Constantine
promulgated the famous Edict of Milan granting toleration to all
religions in the Empire, Church Christianity faced dangers on
every side. As we will see in the next chapter, it was engaged in a
life-and-death struggle with rival forms of Christianity, a struggle
whose outcome was far from certain. What is more, it suffered from
sporadic but sometimes deadly forms of persecution by the
Romans, some of whom had the support of a provincial ruler or
even the Emperor himself. Such persecution might result not only
in loss of life, but in conﬁscation of money, property, and books.
There is, however, far more to the story of the Empire’s relation to
Church Christianity than persecution, for there were many Romans
who were sympathetic to this new religion, and a good number who
joined it. What is more, Church Christianity appears to have been
particularly successful within the capital of the Empire, Rome, and
to have attracted some noble and high-born Romans to its ranks.
Since it did not disrupt Roman life and institutions too greatly,
52

other than by calling for a more rigorous personal morality and an
abandonment of all other forms of worship, this is not as surprising
as it might appear.

It was not only the Emperor who saw advantages in a church-state
alliance. Church Christianity willingly accepted imperial patronage
because it too had a great deal to gain. In the ancient world religions
without political backing were always vulnerable and exposed. Once
Constantine and his successors threw their weight behind the
church, its success was virtually assured. Not only did it win
enormous ﬁnancial and legal advantages, but bishops could now
call upon the might of the state to oppose their rivals: competing
forms of Christianity (‘heresy’) and Hellenistic religion and culture
(‘paganism’). The bishop became a ﬁgure of considerable temporal
as well as spiritual power in his diocese (an area of jurisdiction
modelled on a unit of imperial administration), and a
representative of the earthly as well as the heavenly ruler. Perhaps
most important of all, Christianity’s claim to speak on behalf of the
Almighty God gained new plausibility. Christian writers like
Eusebius of Caesarea (c. 260–c. 340) were quick to characterize
Constantine as ‘the deputy of Christ’, and eager to insist that the
alliance of church and Empire was part of God’s providential plan
for the world.
53

Church and Biblical Christianity

Nor is it so surprising that a Roman Emperor might see the
advantages of Church Christianity not only for himself but for his
Empire. This, after all, was a religion that understood power as the
possession of an Almighty God on high, not of the people below. Far
better that the Emperor be understood as God’s deputy on earth,
upholding divine justice, than as a tyrant whose position was based
on force. Far better too that his people acknowledge his divine right
to rule, and their own duty to submit to him, a sacred obligation.
What is more, Christianity might help an ambitious Emperor
achieve his dream of uniﬁying and extending the Empire; for the
church also cherished dreams of universal conquest – of souls
at least.

Extract from Eusebius, Oration, 3.5–6
Invested as he is with a semblance of heavenly sovereignty, [the Emperor] directs his gaze above, and
frames his earthly rule according to the pattern of the
divine original, feeling strength in its conformity to
the monarchy of God . . . And surely monarchy far
transcends every other constitution and form of government: for that democratic equality of power, which
is its opposite, may rather be described as anarchy and
disorder.

Christianity

Doctrinal division
Though Constantine was attracted by the church’s drive to achieve
unity, he would soon become aware of its ability to provoke disunity.
Not only was Church Christianity in the 4th century struggling to
defeat alternative versions of Christianity, it was also being shaken
by division within its own ranks. Although personal and political
rivalries between different cities, regions, and bishops played an
important role in these disputes, they came to a focus over a
doctrinal issue: the status of Jesus.
Matters came to a head in Constantine’s day because of the growing
popularity of the views of Arius (d. 366), a presbyter from
Alexandria in Egypt. Arius proposed that Jesus should be
understood neither as God nor man, but as a quasi-divine being
whose status hovered somewhere between the two. He argued that
Jesus was created by the Father and that there was therefore a time
‘when he was not’. Consequently, the Son must be of lesser status
than the Father. Although the Arian position gained signiﬁcant
Christian support, some, like Athanasius of Alexandria (c. 296–
373), realized that it undermined the very basis of the church. If
Jesus were not truly God and truly human, he would not be able to
54

assume human nature and save it by bringing it within the scope of
divinity. Christianity would be a second-rate religion that put
human beings in touch not with the exclusive mediator between
God and man, but with a middle-ranking deity. Its sacraments,
priesthood, and church would lose power as a result.

Extract from the Nicaean Creed (325 ce)
We believe in One God, the Father, Almighty . . .
And in One Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God,
begotten of the Father, Only-begotten, that is, from
the substance of the Father;
God from God, Light from Light, Very God from Very
God . . .
And those who say ‘There was when he was not’ . . .
The Catholic and Apostolic church anathematizes.

Arianism did not die out overnight, not least because it was adopted
by some of the so-called barbarian tribes on the fringes of the
Empire. But the Council of Nicaea was nevertheless the most
successful of the many subsequent councils that would be called to
settle other contentious points of doctrine and church order. Later
councils found it increasingly difﬁcult to establish unity. The
55

Church and Biblical Christianity

So serious was this dispute that in 325 Constantine called a council
at Nicaea, in present-day Turkey, in order to settle it. Bishops
assembled and learned men gave their views. In the end, the
opinion of Athanasius and his supporters won the day and Arius
was anathematized. The council drew up one of the most inﬂuential
and widely accepted Christian creeds (statements of belief ): the
Creed of Nicaea. Its key clause stated that Jesus was ‘homoousios’:
from the Greek, of one (homo) substance (ousios) with the Father.
In other words, Jesus shared the very essence of divinity.

inﬂuential Council of Chalcedon of 451, for example, clariﬁed what
had been implied at Nicaea by saying that Jesus was ‘very God and
very man’, but failed to win the same widespread assent. As we will
see in Chapter 6, two large portions of the church split from the
‘catholic’ church after Chalcedon: the Nestorian churches of
Antioch, Persia, and further east; and the Monophysite churches
of North Africa and Syria (remnants of which still exist). By
requiring credal conformity on the part of all its members, Church
Christianity had managed to maintain unity, but had alienated large
parts of its constituency.

Christianity

Christendom
The alliance of church and empire survived for over a thousand
years, and shaped both partners in the process. The Empire that
had had its capital in Rome and its cultural heart in the classical
world gradually gave way to a more Christian version. In 330
Constantine moved his capital to Byzantium or ‘Constantinople’
(now Istanbul), and the Empire slowly changed both its name
and its nature to become the ‘Byzantine Empire’ (though its
citizens would still call themselves ‘Romans’). The shift of power
eastwards accelerated after the 4th century when barbarian tribes
from north-eastern Europe, pushing south and west in search of
new land and wealth, conquered much of the western part of the
Empire, including Rome.
Given its status as the right arm of empire, Church Christianity in
the East (which eventually became known as Eastern Orthodoxy,
see Chapter 6) looked back on the beleaguered churches in the West
with sympathy and condescension. With the Empire collapsing
around it, Christianity in the West found itself exposed, without
secular power to fall back on. Before long, however, it would begin
to turn such apparently adverse circumstances to its advantage.
What could have been a disaster became an opportunity as the
Western church and clergy began to move into the vacuum created
by the collapse of Roman power.
56

12. Sacred power digniﬁes secular power: an ivory relief from
Constantinople depicts Christ himself crowning the co-Emperor of the
Byzantine Empire, Romanus II, and his wife, Eudocia (945–9).

Christianity

Whereas the Greek-speaking church in the East remained under
the control of the political ruler, the Latin-speaking church in the
West found itself in a position to take control of political affairs
itself – if not directly, then by exercising control over earthly rulers.
One reason the church in the West was able to do this was that
power was now shared between so many competing warrior kings,
princes, and prince-bishops that no single ruler was ever able to
become dominant for long. With its ancient credentials and base in
Rome, its widely distributed communities and effective
infrastructure, its growing wealth and lands, the church had
become an important power in its own right. Successive bishops of
Rome were quick to take advantage and to claim leadership over the
whole Western church; by the late 6th century they were being
called ‘pope’ – ‘father’ of the church.
By the early Middle Ages, the pope was even beginning to challenge
the power of the patriarch in the East. No serious ruler in the West
could now afford to ignore him. He had the power to legitimate
those who supported him and to excommunicate those who did not
(excommunication not only cut a ruler off from the church, its
sacraments, and salvation, but gave his people licence to disobey
him). Thus was born the dream of ‘Christendom’, of a uniﬁed
Christian society under the ultimate control of the pope and the
church and protected by secular leaders who respected the
authority of Rome. By anointing the most powerful dynastic leaders
in Europe (including Charlemagne in 800), the popes tried to
establish a new line of Holy Roman emperors in the West who
would do their bidding. In practice, however, the religio-political
ideal of an orderly hierarchy of power ﬂowing from God to Christ to
pope to Holy Roman emperor was continually disrupted as secular
leaders competed with the papacy for political ascendancy. The
balance of power was such that neither side was ever dominant for
long, and the struggle would continue throughout the medieval
period and beyond.
Even though the church never managed to win decisive control over
58

By the high Middle Ages, Church Christianty’s dream of a uniﬁed
Christian society had come closer to being realized than at any time
before or since. Because this society was based on unity of belief and
practice, any deviation had either to be assimilated or destroyed,
lest it threaten not only the church but the whole social order.
The medieval church expended a good deal of energy in
protecting itself not only against external threats like ‘the Turk’
(the symbol of the steadily growing power of Islamic civilization),
but internal threats as well. The Jews were one group that proved
particularly problematic because of their ambivalent status as
highly educated and literate worshippers of the one true God who
nevertheless rejected Christ and his church. As a potential ‘enemy
within’ they were alternately tolerated, employed, admired, and
persecuted. Much energy was also devoted to identifying,
59

Church and Biblical Christianity

secular affairs, it did manage to establish itself, and Christian
culture, throughout most of Western Europe – and thus to unify the
whole region (without the church, there would be no ‘Europe’). In
late antiquity and the early Middle Ages, evangelization (the spread
of Christianity) generally took place from the top down. When a
non-Christian ruler was converted to Church Christianity
(sometimes from ‘paganism’, sometimes from a ‘heretical’ form of
Christianity like Arianism), he would have his household and
people baptized as well. Gradually monasteries and churches would
be established in his realm, often through the patronage of the ruler
and wealthy landowners, and a more profound contact with the
Christian message and way of life might be brought about as a
result. The colonization of Europe by stone-built churches and
cathedrals took place during the Middle Ages, and by the end of this
period nearly every man, woman, and child would be securely
located within the ‘parish’ of a local church and the ‘diocese’ of a
cathedral and its bishop. Bit by bit the Christian world view, its
God and its saints, its leaders and institutions, displaced the more
ancient religions and cults of Europe, and established Christianity
as the ‘truth’ into which the people of Europe would be born
and baptized.

Christianity

13. The Christian year.

classifying, and rooting out ‘heresy’ – beliefs and practices that
deviated from the church norm. Secular rulers cooperated with
the church in attacking popular heretical movements such as
Catharism (also called Albigensianism) with the sword as well as
with preaching and, by the later Middle Ages, with organized
‘inquisitions’.
As we will see in the next chapter, many of the heretical movements
that challenged Christianity from within opposed the church’s
wealth and power with the ideal of Christ-like poverty and
powerlessness. This upsurge of internal protest reminds us that
despite its orientation around higher power, it was impossible for
Church Christianity openly to seek dominating power for its own
60

sake, or to maintain that ‘might is right’. For one thing, Christianity
contained an internal check on the exercise of tyrannical power in
its view that God – though omnipotent – exercises power in a
paternal way, seeking the best for His ‘children’. For another,
Christians worshipped a God-man who had refused to exercise
dominating power, and had died helpless on a cross. Those who
followed Him were called to serve rather than to command, and to
sacriﬁce rather than accumulate. Even as they sought to extend the
power of the church, Christian leaders had therefore to be careful to
exercise this power in a benevolent and paternalistic fashion – and
to make sure that the political rulers with whom they allied
61

Church and Biblical Christianity

14. A symbol of the victory of Catholic orthodoxy over Albigensian
heresy, the cathedral in Albi, southern France (1277–1512), serves as a
reminder of the dominating power of the church that built it.

themselves did the same. Even then, some Christians remained
critical of the church’s pursuit of power. By the later Middle Ages,
calls for a reform of the church ‘in head and members’ were
becoming common. The standing of the papacy was further
threatened by a series of disastrous confrontations and disputes
with secular power, which led both to the ‘exile’ of the papacy in
Avignon, France, and to a papal schism which saw two – and at one
point three – rivals all claiming to be Pope.

Thomas Aquinas and Scholasticism
‘Scholasticism’ was the theological project that accompanied
Christendom, and attempted to organize all existing knowledge, both Christian and Graeco-Roman, into a single
Christianity

system. This system would provide a uniﬁed intellectual
account of all things – God, man, and the world. Scholasticism proceeded by a distinctive method: asking a question,
considering texts that had a bearing upon it, deliberating
about their overall conclusion, and arriving at an answer –
before proceeding to the next question. It was a ‘science’ that
could be undertaken by only the most learned men of the
period, and the greatest of them became highly celebrated.
Thomas Aquinas (c. 1225–74) constructed an extensive and
inﬂuential system of scholastic theology in his massive
Summa Theologiae. His project is sometimes referred to as
‘scholastic humanism’ because of the relatively positive view
it took of human nature and human reason. Aquinas believed
that ‘nature must be perfected by grace’, and did not understand it to be totally corrupted by sin. Aquinas was made the
ofﬁcial theologian of the Roman Catholic Church several
centuries after his death.

62

The Protestant Reformation
The challenges faced by Church Christianity – at the very height of
its power – were bound up with social change. By the 11th century
the shape of Western society was beginning to change quite
fundamentally. Wealth derived from improved agricultural yields
gave rise to a market for manufactured goods, which in turn
supported the rise of a new class of artisans and manufacturers. As
more people were freed from the land, they moved into the rapidly
expanding towns and cities. The latter posed a threat to the church,
for they were much harder to control than rural areas, ideas could
spread more quickly, and the newly wealthy classes who made up
part of their population were increasingly eager to seize the church’s
power for themselves.

The ‘Protestant Reformation’, as it would come to be called, had
several distinctive ingredients. The ﬁrst was a base in a ‘Germany’
which was not yet a nation, but a grouping of independent Germanspeaking political units, some ruled by princes who were eager to
take over the church’s wealth and power for themselves. The second
63

Church and Biblical Christianity

In the 13th century a new wave of enthusiasm for the ‘apostolic
life’ of simplicity and poverty swept across Europe and found
institutional expression in the formation of new orders of ‘friars’ or
‘mendicants’ (see next chapter). Lay movements of pious women
also began to develop. At ﬁrst the church weathered this storm by
giving its blessing to the friars and some other advocates of vowed
poverty and by harnessing their energies to serve its own ends,
including the attack on heresy. By the 15th and 16th centuries,
however, the call for church reform was taking forms that were
harder for the church to neutralize or assimilate, and the result
would be the ﬁrst major division of orthodoxy since West and East
had drifted apart (although the latter split is sometimes dated to the
‘Photian schism’ of 836–7 and the mutual anathemas of 1054, it
began much earlier and became irrevocable only much later – see
Chapter 6).

Christianity

was a base of support in the towns and cities, some of which were
self-governing, and many of which were as impatient with church
privilege as the princes. The third was the combination of a
charismatic leader, Martin Luther (1483–1546), and the invention
of the printing press to disseminate his ideas quickly and relatively
cheaply. Printing also made it possible for the Bible to be put into
the hands of increasing numbers of men and women and taken out
of the church’s exclusive control. The ﬁnal ingredient was
theological: Luther’s revival of an Augustinian reading of the Bible
that emphasized the power of God, the sinfulness of man, and
humanity’s desperate need of God’s salvation wrought by the
unique work of Christ.
Even though Luther had originally called for reform not schism,
the papacy’s unwillingness to accede to any of his demands set
him on a collision course with the church of which he had once
been a loyal member. After his excommunication by the Pope
in 1521, Luther became the leader of a new church which,
though it still conformed to the model of Church Christianity,
cut itself loose from papal control and abandoned some
existing ecclesiastical beliefs and practices. Before long, such
Christianity came to be called ‘Protestant’ in distinction to the
‘Catholic’ (or ‘Roman Catholic’) Church based in Rome. Both
versions of Christianity regarded themselves as the true church of
Christ, and each condemned the other as guilty of straying from
God’s truth.
In its attitude to power, Protestantism embodied a paradox. On
the one hand, it had what might today be labelled democratic
tendencies, in that it called for power to be taken out of the hands of
the pope and the clergy and delivered back to ordinary Christian
men and women. One of its slogans was ‘the priesthood of all
believers’, and one of its central beliefs was that God’s Word,
embodied in the Bible, should be made more widely available. Since
Protestantism gave as much authority to Word as to sacrament, this
move encouraged a transfer of power from clergy to people. On the
64

Luther and Calvin
Whereas the scholastic humanism of Aquinas considered
human beings sufﬁciently free and rational to accept or
reject God’s grace, Martin Luther became disillusioned with
what he regarded as the Catholic Church’s over-optimistic
view of human capability. His theological disagreement was
precipitated by reading Paul and Augustine, who convinced
him that human beings could be justiﬁed (saved) not by their
own works but only by laying hold of God’s grace by personal
faith. As he puts it:
The proper subject of theology is man guilty of sin and condemned, and God the Justiﬁer and Saviour of man the sinner.
subject is error and poison.
(Luther, Works)

John Calvin (1509–64) was a younger contemporary of
Luther who regarded himself as a faithful disciple and interpreter of the senior reformer. In his Institutes Calvin gave
systematic theological and ethical expression to many of
Luther’s ideas whilst also moving beyond them in subtle but
important respects. For Luther, the best that a human being
could hope for was to be justiﬁed in spite of sinfulness.
Whilst agreeing that we are saved only by grace, Calvin
places more emphasis on the value, signiﬁcance, and
effectiveness of morality and law – not only as a reminder of
sin, but as the basis of Godly life and society. He set about
creating a Godly society in Geneva, a self-governing city that
he attempted to organize around strict Christian principles
and laws. As Calvin explains his point of view:
He is said to be justiﬁed in God’s sight who is both reckoned
righteous in God’s judgement and has been accepted on
account of his righteousness . . . wherever there is sin, there
also the wrath and vengeance of God show themselves.
(Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion)
65

Church and Biblical Christianity

Whatsoever is asked or discussed in theology outside this

Christianity

other hand, Reformation theology stressed the absolute sinfulness
and powerlessness of humanity and the need for total surrender
to an all-powerful Father God and His only Son Jesus Christ.
Indeed, Protestantism placed far more emphasis on human
depravity and need of grace than medieval Catholic theology.
Likewise, it abolished all the mediating beings of medieval
Christianity – Mary and the saints – who had stood between
earth and heaven and lessened the distance between God and
humanity.
In the event, Protestantism transferred power not so much to
ordinary people but to the emerging powers in Europe: to
national leaders, to the new ‘bourgeoisie’, to a new order of
clergymen or ‘pastors’, and to men in general rather than
to women. Its emphasis on ‘liberty’ might have awakened the
hopes and ambitions of many Christian people, including women
and the urban and rural poor, but its equally strong emphasis on the
necessity of total submission to the Father and the Son allowed
the maintenance of a social order that was still based on the rule
of ‘fathers’: the prince, the magistrate, the feudal lord, the
clergyman, the fathers of households, and the masters of the new
workshops.

Biblical Christianity
The two denominations that came into existence at the
Reformation were the Lutheran Church and the Reformed or
Presbyterian Church. The former looked to Martin Luther as its
founder, the latter to John Calvin. Despite the important differences
between these new Protestant denominations and the Roman
Catholic Church, all three exempliﬁed the main characteristics of
Church Christianity outlined at the start of this chapter – including
the desire to cooperate with secular power in order to bring the
whole of society in line with Christian principles. Both the
Lutheran and Presbyterian churches quickly formed alliances with
state power.
66

But the Reformation also gave rise to a whole new type of
Christianity that may be termed ‘Biblical’ because of its belief that
the Bible is of greater authority than the church, its sacraments and
priests, and its desire that the whole of life should be governed by
strict conformity to Biblical teaching. Rather than entering into
alliance with politics, Biblical Christianity tried to separate itself
from ‘the world’ in order to maintain strict obedience to the
uncompromising demands of the Bible.
Biblical Christianity only really made sense in an era in which
printing and translation were making the Bible widely available and
accessible (in the Roman Catholic Church it was still read by clergy
to the people in Latin). With the Bible as the supreme authority in
life, Christians needed no other mediator with God – no priest, no
bishop, no pope, no theologian. They could form their own
communities of ‘the saints’, all of whom were equal before God
67

Church and Biblical Christianity

15. Interior of St Mary at Hill, City of London, by Sir Christopher Wren
(built 1670–6). The interior of Protestant churches often reﬂects an
emphasis on Word as well as sacrament. Here, the pulpit is prominent
and sacred texts (the Ten Commandments, Lord’s Prayer, and Apostles’
Creed) are displayed on the east wall.

since all strove to live in strict conformity to his Word. Since the
Bible was often read as endorsing male leadership, women might
still be placed under the authority of men, but there was some
variety of practice within different Biblical churches.

Christianity

Once it was accepted that each individual had the right to interpret
God’s word for himself (and sometimes herself ), it became much
harder to maintain church unity. Biblical Christianity became
notorious for its schisms, since any man was free to set up his own
church under his own leadership – on the grounds that this new
church would be based on stricter conformity to the Word of God
than existing churches. The earliest Biblical churches were lumped
together by their Protestant opponents – including Luther and
Calvin – as ‘Anabaptist’, because many of them insisted on adult
baptism (on the grounds that it was Biblical and that Christian faith
should be voluntary rather than involuntary).
From these early roots developed a number of early Biblical
churches, including the Mennonites and Baptists. Their growth and
spread was greatly inhibited by the active persecution they faced
right across Europe. Such persecution was the product of the new
church-state alliances that had been made in the immediate
aftermath of the Reformation, when every major political power
had allied itself with either a Protestant or Roman Catholic
denomination. After a long period of religio-political unrest and
war, the religious map of Europe was ﬁnally stabilized by the Peace
of Westphalia of 1648. Since the unity of both church and state in a
particular territory was threatened by the existence of alternative
forms of Christianity, ‘schismatic’ or ‘dissenting’ churches of all
kinds had to be vigorously suppressed, and many Biblical churches
were forced into exile on the eastern margins of Europe and later in
North America.
The marginalization of Biblical Christianity was reinforced by its
theological preference for the total separation of church and state.
Unlike Church Christianity, Biblical Christians maintained that
68

Christian communities should have as little contact with wider
society and politics as possible. They believed that faith should be
chosen rather than imposed, and should be kept alive in pure
communities of the saints living in strict obedience to Jesus’
teachings. Since they took Jesus at his word, Biblical Christians
often opposed violence in any form, refused to bear arms or
swear oaths (including oaths of loyalty to a sovereign), and
practised common ownership. They attacked and despised the
worldliness of Church Christianity and, although they retained
belief in a God of higher power, they preferred to worship Him
‘in spirit and in truth’ rather than with shows of outward pomp
and magniﬁcence.

Christian belief in a hierarchy of power, ﬂowing down from the
Father to the Son and thence to the bishop and other clergy,
provided a strong foundation on which to build a uniﬁed church. A
virtuous cycle ensued, for the success of the hierarchical church
helped reinforce the plausibility of the celestial hierarchy it was said
to mirror, and devotion to God above helped reinforce the authority
of the church. Perhaps the most decisive factor of all in the success
of Church Christianity, however, was the way in which political
rulers – from the Emperor Constantine onwards – found that
Christian hierarchical power could guide, assist, and legitimate
their own exercise of power. The church could strengthen a ruler’s
hand by proclaiming him Christ’s deputy on earth, whilst a ruler
could strengthen the church by giving it his patronage. Thus
religious and political power entered into an alliance which
endured, in many different guises, right through to the modern
period, and whose general effect was to strengthen the hierarchical
tendencies of both.
But there is a twist to the tale. Although Christianity was capable of
endorsing the exercise of dominating and even tyrannical
(masculine) power in both church and state, its repertoire of
69

Church and Biblical Christianity

Conclusion

Christianity

signs and symbols also favoured something rather different. In so
far as God the Father supplied Christians with a model of higher
authority, popes, bishops, and kings strove to exercise power with
paternal benevolence rather than brute force. In so far as God the
Son supplied another model, the consequences could be more
radical. Given that the Jesus of gospels steadfastly refused to
exercise political power and died powerless at the hands of religious
and political authority, some Christians believed that the church
should be more eager to renounce wealth and power than to
accumulate them. This was the conclusion towards which some
Church and Biblical Christians began to be drawn – even though
the former resisted the most radical calls for the church to renounce
power, and the latter subjected its members to the higher power of
the Bible and authorized preachers and pastors. As we will see
in the next chapter, there were other Christians who were prepared
to go even further, by embracing the idea that God’s power can not
only command from outside, but inspire from within.

70

Chapter 4
Mystical Christianity

Whereas the previous chapter considered the development of the
main types of Christianity orientated around higher power, this
chapter looks at the development of a type of Christianity that is
more orientated around power from within, and which may be
referred to as ‘Mystical Christianity’. Though God may still be
worshipped as Father and Son, the Holy Spirit is more likely to
be prominent in mystical forms of Christianity. And though the
Christian mystic may agree that God is revealed in the externals of
church life and teaching, he or she also seeks the divine in the
depths of inner experience.
As we will see in what follows, Mystical Christianity developed in
many different forms and contexts. The forms range from those
that experience God as an external reality who comes into,
possesses, and takes over personal life, to those that experience
the sacred as the depth and reality of one’s own subjective life
and experience. Whereas the former stresses the importance of
self-sacriﬁce and the destruction of one’s own will, feelings, and
desires as a precondition of mystical union, the latter places more
emphasis on self-realization and on mysticism as the fulﬁlment
and divinization of the unique individual in the Spirit of God. As
for context, we will note the three main options for Mystical
Christianity: to remain outside Church and Biblical Christianity
(but face antagonism); to shelter within them (but face being
71

controlled by power from on high); or to take shape in monastic
contexts (under the umbrella of Church Christianity, but with
considerable independence).

The beginnings of Christian mysticism and
monasticism
Mysticism is not unique to Christianity, but Christianity supplied it
with some distinctive ingredients. Jesus himself may exemplify a
tendency towards a mystical ‘internalization’ of the Jewish religion,
and the tendency could claim some scriptural backing. In the Book
of Jeremiah in the Old Testament, for example, God speaks of the
‘new covenant’ he will establish with Israel:
I will put my law within them, and I will write it upon their

Christianity

hearts . . . and no longer shall each man teach his neighbour . . . for
they shall all know me, from the least of them to the greatest.

Far from being bound by the externals of the Law, Jesus takes it
upon himself to interpret and even revise its teachings, claiming
that it exists to serve humanity rather than vice versa, and
criticizing those who use the Law to ‘bind’ their fellow humans.
He is even more critical of the Jewish Temple and its cult, and,
although his meaning is hard to reconstruct, he seems to have
suggested that his own life – perhaps human life in general – is
more important than a temple made of stones. He may mean
something similar when he says: ‘the sabbath was made for man,
not man for the sabbath’.
Paul also displays some mystical tendencies, though his mysticism
is best described as a ‘Christ-mysticism’. ‘It is no longer I who live’,
he says, ‘but Christ who lives in me.’ In his more radical moments,
Paul believes that all baptized Christians are ﬁlled with the Spirit
of Christ. In his more cautious moments, he counteracts the
egalitarian potential of mysticism – that all may claim Christ-like
authority – by using images of hierarchy to limit such claims. Christ,
72

he says, is the ‘head’ of the church which is his ‘body’, and some
Christians stand in closer relation to the head than others. So the
Letter to the Ephesians (inspired by the Pauline tradition if not
actually written by Paul) cautions: ‘Wives, be subject to your
husbands, as to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as
Christ is the head of the church.’ Despite such precautions, however,
Paul’s theology had the potential to be appropriated by some of the
more mystical forms of Christianity that competed with Church
Christianity in the early centuries, as it was by the ‘heretical’ but
highly successful Church of Marcion in the 2nd century. As a
consequence, it took some time for Paul’s letters to be accepted
into the ofﬁcial canon of New Testament scripture.

Discovery of gnostic scriptures has also undermined conventional
summaries of gnosticism as involving: a secret knowledge (‘gnosis’);
a dualism that opposes an evil material world to a higher spiritual
73

Mystical Christianity

Mystical currents were also present in Graeco-Roman culture: in
some of the so-called ‘mystery cults’, in Persian and Far Eastern
inﬂuences, and in the tradition of religio-philosophical thought
ﬂowing from Plato. The latter postulated a higher and more real
spiritual world above the ephemeral material world and imagined
the soul ﬂoating free of the body in order to ascend to the world of
immaterial ideas. Some or all of these inﬂuences came together with
the inspiration provided by Jesus in the 1st and 2nd centuries to
produce the many different sorts of religious, spiritual, and
philosophical groups and teachings that were lumped together by
their opponents as ‘gnostic’. So relentless was Church Christianity’s
attack that we know of gnosticism chieﬂy by way of ‘orthodox’ works
of criticism by writers such as Irenaeus of Lyons (c. 130–c. 200) and
Hippolytus (c. 170–236). It is only recently that some of the actual
writings of these groups have been recovered. Contrary to the
impression given by traditional church history, it is clear that these
alternative interpretations of Christianity – and the groups with
which they may have been associated – posed a serious threat to
Church Christianity right up to the 4th century and beyond.

Christianity

realm; a complicated cosmological myth of origins; belief in a
divine redeemer ﬁgure who descends from the heavens; and a
tendency towards renunciation of the world and the body. Some
gnostic writings contain some of these elements, but by no means
all. The writings associated with Valentinian and Sethian forms of
gnosticism, for example, develop detailed cosmologies, whilst other
works, such as the Gospel of Thomas, have no cosmological
interest at all. Though it is hard to be clear about the nature of
the groups that produced these scriptures, we can imagine a
similar variety. Some may have taken the form of organized and
centralized ‘churches’, whilst others would have been more
reminiscent of the schools of philosophy that were still common
in the Graeco-Roman world. Rather than having authoritative
scriptures, rituals, or sacraments, members of such schools – often
female as well as male – would be encouraged to think for
themselves and debate with one another. In the Gospel of Thomas,
for example, Jesus endorses the authority of women, rejects
attempts to turn him into a ﬁgure of unique authority, instructs
people that the truth is already within and around them, and
encourages a view of the spiritual quest as an individual rather
than a group enterprise (see Chapter 1).
Whereas Church Christianity embraced society and tried to win
inﬂuence over it by allying itself with political power, the mystical
tendency within early Christianity tended to be far more critical of
both the church and the world. One reason was that it emphasized
the ‘things of the spirit’ rather than the things of the world, and
tended to view the externals of life – rituals, sacraments, material
possessions, social status – as insigniﬁcant at best and dangerously
distracting at worst. Another was that the belief that God empowers
and divinizes all people who open themselves to His Spirit is
naturally hostile to institutionalized hierarchies in church or
society. The alliance between church and empire from the 4th
century served only to reinforce some mystical Christians’ suspicion
that Church Christianity had departed from the pure spiritual path
and betrayed the message of Jesus.
74

16. The skeleton of a young man bound in chains, found in a cave south
of Jerusalem, near to an early Christian monastic settlement (Byzantine
period). Chains were used for self-mortiﬁcation, in order to ‘conquer’
the ﬂesh and its desires. See overleaf.

Christianity

An increasingly common response on the part of those who wished
to pursue spiritual perfection without distraction was literally to
walk out on society in order to enter an uninhabited, unsocialized
place – the desert. We ﬁrst hear of men, and some women,
journeying into the desert in signiﬁcant numbers at the end of the
3rd century and the beginning of the 4th. Though they shared an
ascetic desire to conquer the body and its passions in order to focus
single-mindedly on the things of the spirit, they were probably
diverse in other ways. Some wished to live the spiritual life in
isolation, whilst others joined growing communities of spiritual
seekers. In terms of later categories, some may have been ‘gnostic’,
some more ‘orthodox’, and the majority probably a more complex
mixture. Some helped lay the foundations of Christian monasticism.
We know of some early ‘desert fathers’ because their sayings have
been preserved and collected together as the ‘Sayings of the Desert
Fathers’. These were men, and a few women, who ventured into the
Egyptian desert and lived in solitude. But they consulted with more
experienced ‘abbas’ (fathers), and shared their wisdom. Many had
an ambitious aim: to attain the state of perfection that had been lost
by Adam and Eve at the Fall and restored by Jesus. They sought to
turn themselves into ‘spiritual bodies’, just as Christ had at his
transﬁguration and resurrection. In this state of perfection, human
spirit would be united with God’s Spirit, mind and senses calmed so
that perception is clear and sharp, and the body returned to a state
of such perfect equilibrium that it is able to survive beyond its
76

Extracts from The Sayings of the Desert
Fathers
The abbot Allois said, ‘Unless a man shall say in his
heart, ‘‘I alone and God are in this world’’, he shall not
ﬁnd quiet. He said again, ‘‘If a man willed it, in one day
up till evening he might come to the measure of divinity’’.’
There came to the abbot Joseph the abbot Lot, and
said to him, ‘Father, according to my strength I keep a
modest rule of prayer and fasting and meditation and
quiet, and according to my strength I purge my
imagination: what more must I do?’ The old man,
ﬁngers became like ten torches of ﬁre, and he said,
‘If thou wilt, thou shalt be made wholly a ﬂame’.

natural span with hardly any food or sleep. Far from exalting the
achievements of the lonely hero of the faith, however, the desert
fathers continually teach the importance of love, humility, and a
sense of humour. Only by humbling himself or herself can a
Christian hope to come close to the perfection of the God-man.

Mysticism and monasticism in the East
Mystical Christianity posed a threat to Church Christianity in many
ways. It had scant regard for the externals of religion, including
scripture and the sacraments, and it wished to claim for all
Christians what Church Christianity reserved for Christ alone:
divine-human status. As the fame of the desert ascetics increased, it
threatened to undermine the claims of church and clergy. The
ascetics were often compared to the martyrs, men and women
prepared to witness to Christ through their suffering, and to leave
77

Mystical Christianity

rising, held up his hands against the sky, and his

Christianity

the world rather than make compromises with it. Such spiritual
heroism might make an uncomfortable contrast with a church that
was busy making alliance with the very empire that was responsible
for creating the martyrs through its persecutions in the ﬁrst place.
The solution that gradually presented itself was for Church
Christianity to co-opt the monastic movement and bring it under
its own control. A key move was made by Athanasius who, in
one of his many periods of enforced exile, spent time with the
desert fathers. Athanasius harnessed the energy and prestige of
monasticism for the developing Catholic Church in two ways. First,
by ordaining ascetics and offering them places of responsibility and
reward in the church, as well as by establishing orders of female
virgins under the control of bishops. Second, by writing a highly
inﬂuential Life of Anthony that celebrated one of the most revered
desert fathers and presented him as a stalwart champion of the very
brand of anti-Arian orthodoxy that Athanasius was himself
defending, namely the orthodoxy ratiﬁed by the Council of Nicaea
(see the previous chapter).
The consequences of this co-option of asceticism by the church
were profound for both parties. As it began to come under the
church’s control, the mystical tendency in Christianity lost some of
its freedom of manoeuvre. It became identiﬁed with the defence of
‘orthodoxy’ rather than with experimentation in the spiritual life,
and with power from on high rather than power from below. In both
West and East, the line dividing clergy from monks became blurred
as higher clergy were increasingly drawn from monastic ranks. The
church began to model its liturgy on monastic practice, whilst
monasticism adopted the scriptural, sacramental, and sacerdotal
bias of the church.
But the mystical impulse – and its more radical tendencies – did not
wholly disappear, and in some circumstances monasticism was able
to offer a congenial context, especially in the East. Here, to a much
greater extent than in the West, monasteries retained considerable
78

Extract from The Revelations of
St Seraphim of Sarov (1759–1833)
A dialogue between Seraphim and a seeker:
‘I don’t understand how one can be certain of being in
the spirit of God. How should I be able to recognize for
certain this manifestation in myself?’ . . .
‘My friend, we are both at this moment in the Spirit of
God . . . Why won’t you look at me?’
‘I can’t look at you . . . Your eyes shine like lightening;
it hurts my eyes to look at you.’
‘Don’t be afraid’, he said, ‘at this very moment you’ve
become as bright as I have. You also are present in the
fullness of the Spirit of God; otherwise, you wouldn’t
be able to see me as you do see me.’

independence and were never organized into ‘orders’ under
centralized clerical control. What is more, the eremetical tradition
(the tradition of the hermit seeking communion with God in
solitude) continued to exercise far more inﬂuence in the East than
the West. Here, where Augustine’s pessimistic view of human
nature did not hold sway, the ideal of theosis, ‘deiﬁcation’ or
‘divinization’ through the Holy Spirit, continued to be presented as
the goal of the Christian life right through to the modern period.
Whereas the West tended to venerate saints only after they were
dead and buried, in the East the tradition of the living mystic and
holy man continued unbroken from the days of the desert fathers
(see Chapter 6).
79

Mystical Christianity

your face has become more dazzling than the sun, and

Christianity

Even in the East, however, there was a tendency for the
individualistic inclinations of mysticism to be curbed and brought
under the sway of Church Christianity – at least in the theological
tradition. The greatest mystical theologians, notably Maximus the
Confessor (580–662), Simeon the New Theologian (949–1022),
and Gregory Palamas (1296–1359), refused to separate mysticism
from full participation in the church’s liturgy and sacraments.
Their underlying argument was that the individual should not
seek to be caught up in a mystical union of ‘the alone with the
Alone’, but should seek God where the church indicates that He can
be found – in the ‘body of Christ’ made present in icons, sacraments,
and the worshipping community. In this vision the Church and
Mystical types of Christianity reinforce and strengthen one
another, rather than pulling apart.

Mysticism and monasticism in the West
In the West mysticism was more thoroughly assimilated to the
programme of Church Christianity throughout the medieval period.
A key step was the widespread adoption of Benedict’s Rule (c. 540)
as a charter for the organization of the monastic life. This Rule gave
unity to monasticism as it spread across Europe and shaped it
according to a common framework. Rather than providing space for
individual contemplation and experience of the divine, the chief
aim of Benedictine monasticism was to discipline monks so
thoroughly that there was no room for the exercise of individual will
or the development of a unique personal spirituality. Benedict
envisaged the monastic life as one of obedience, silence, stability,
renunciation of desire, and rigorous discipline. Most of a monk’s
time was taken up with the constant round of monastic ofﬁces – the
eight worship services that punctuated the day – and the rest of
the time with work. The theology of Augustine, whom Benedict
greatly admired, and the development of Western monasticism,
went hand in hand. By suppressing his own corrupted will, the
monk could be brought into conformity with the will of God
mediated by the abbot, the monastery, the Rule, and the church.
80

Extract from the Rule of St Benedict
In all things let all follow the Rule as their guide: and
let no one diverge from it without good reason. Let no
one in the monastery follow his own inclinations, and
let no one boldly presume to dispute with the abbot . . .
If anyone so presume, let him be subject to the discipline of the Rule. The abbot, for his part, should do
everything in the fear of the Lord and in observance of
the Rule; knowing he will surely have to give account
to God for all his decisions.

The controlled, ordered, and cloistered life of the monastery was
unable, however, to contain the spiritual impulses of the medieval
period. By the 13th century large numbers of devout Christian men
and women sought an alternative context in which to live dedicated
Christian lives. The very solidity and stability that had once
commended monasticism now seemed to weigh it down. The fact
81

Mystical Christianity

The 11th and 12th centuries saw a new burst of enthusiasm for the
monastic life in the west, and with it the beginnings of a revival of
mysticism. A reform of Benedictine monasticism in the 10th
century was succeeded by the foundation of many new orders.
Some, like the highly successful Cistercian order, were designed to
return to the severe asceticism from which it was felt that existing
monasteries had strayed. Others, like the Carthusians, shared this
ideal but revived aspects of the eremetical tradition. Women as well
as men were caught up in the new enthusiasm for monasticism,
often against the wishes of monastic leaders. Though it had been
taking shape for several centuries, it was in this period that the
Western monastic complex achieved its characteristic architectural
form, with a church at its heart, accommodation on its south side,
and a cloister connecting its various parts (see Fig. 17).

Christianity

17. The plan of a medieval monastery with cloister, adapted from the
Plan of St Gall, the earliest surviving architectural plan of the Middle
Ages (c. 820).

that the monastery secured itself against the world counted against
it in the eyes of those who wished to take the gospel into that world.
As towns and cities grew, and with them new and very visible
juxtapositions of wealth and poverty, the monastery was becoming
less relevant to Europe’s most pressing social and spiritual needs.
As we noted in the previous chapter, both the problem and the
response were articulated in terms of a new ideal: the via apostolica
(apostolic life). Its model was the life of Jesus and his followers:
constantly on the move, bearing no money or possessions, carrying
the gospel to all members of society. Inspired by this ideal, some
82

Christians simply took to the road on their own initiative – to the
growing concern of the church authorities. Since they had no formal
authorization from Rome, a good number of these wandering
ascetics – such as the Waldenses – ended up being branded
heretical. Others were more careful to seek Rome’s approval. Once
again, the church was astute enough to see the advantages of taking
this new spiritual initiative under its wing.

Although the revived monastic orders and the new mendicant
orders gave some fresh impetus to mysticism in the medieval
period, it tended to be those marginal to, or within, these
institutions who made the most notable contribution. Many were
women. Some of the most prominent, such as Hildegaard of Bingen
(1098–1179), belonged to women’s religious orders and received
their education within them. Others, like Julian of Norwich
(c. 1342–c. 1416) were hermits, and still others, for example
Mechtild of Magdeburg (c. 1207–82) and Hadewijch (13th century),
were beguines. A handful, like Teresa of Avila (1515–82), founded or
reformed monastic orders in the face of considerable opposition
from the church.
Whilst remaining loyal to Church Christianity, particularly its
83

Mystical Christianity

The most important outcome was the legitimation of the new
urban-based, mobile mendicant orders, ﬁrst the Augustinian
canons, then the Franciscan and Dominican friars, and much later
the Jesuit order (Society of Jesus, founded by Ignatius of Loyola in
1540). Though many women shared the apostolic impulse, their
options were more limited, for it was not thought suitable for them
to be independent or mobile, or to preach. They were left with
three main options: to remain within the home, to join a nunnery,
or to enter into one of the growing number of communities of
women who remained loyal to the church, but did not belong to a
recognized order (the latter became known as ‘beguines’, and were
formally condemned by the Council of Vienne in 1311–13, but
survived for some time after this).

Extract from Mechtild’s The Flowing Light
of the Godhead
God Rejoices that the soul has overcome four sins
Our Lord delights in Heaven
Because of the loving soul He has on earth,
And says, ‘Look how she who has wounded Me has risen!
She has cast from her the apes of worldliness;
Overcome the bear of impurity,
Trodden the lion of pride underfoot,
Torn the wolf of desire from his revenge,
And comes racing like a hunted deer
To the spring which is Myself.
Christianity

She comes soaring like an eagle
Swinging herself from the depths
Up into the heights.’

sacramental emphasis, women mystics sought a closer, more
personal experience of the living God. They found it in a variety of
subjective states: in intense experiences of communion with Jesus,
in transports of delight, in experiences of inner suffering,
abandonment, and darkness, and in union with the divine.
Some, like Mechtild, used the sacraments as a point of direct
contact with Jesus and positioned themselves as brides receiving
the heavenly bridegroom. Others, like Teresa, favoured a form of
contemplation that moved beyond images altogether and in which
the self merged with the divine in an experience that could never
be described. It was also possible to use mystical experiences as
the basis for profound theological exploration, as when Julian
developed a trinitarian theology on the basis of the ‘showings’
that God had vouchsafed to her many years before. To this rich
variety was added the work of male mystical writers, many of
84

whom were in close contact with women mystics and their
communities, sometimes as spiritual advisers. They include
Meister Eckhart (1260–1328), Johannes Tauler (1300–61),
Jan van Ruysbroeck (1293–1381), and Gerhard Groote (1340–84).
They too tended to exist on the fringes of the monastic and
ecclesiastical establishment.

Mysticism in early Protestantism
Far from being conﬁned to the Catholic Church, the mystical
tendency in the West was also important in early Protestantism. In
the 12th century Joachim of Fiore (c. 1135–1202) had foretold an
Age of the Spirit in which viri spiritualis (‘spiritual men’) would
inaugurate an era of love, freedom, and peace. Such hopes had
intensiﬁed in the intervening centuries, and some saw in Luther the
fulﬁlment of Joachim’s prophecies. They had reasonable grounds
for doing so. Not only had the young Luther been inﬂuenced by
85

Mystical Christianity

The medieval church’s attitude was ambivalent. On the one hand, it
could hardly deny the Godly hope that ‘your sons and daughters will
prophesy, your old men will dream dreams and your young men
will see visions’, for the Bible itself spoke of such things. On the
other hand, Church Christianity viewed claims to unmediated
contact with God with suspicion, and condemned any suggestion
that the mystic could enter into union with God. Some of Eckhart’s
propositions were condemned on these grounds, and the beguine
Marguerite Porete, author of the Mirror of Simple Souls, was
burnt at the stake in 1310. Inquisitors were quick to accuse
mystics of belonging to organized heretical movements of spiritual
enthusiasm, such as the Brethren of the Free Spirit. Before
long accusations of witchcraft would also begin to be levelled at
women – and some men – who were believed to be grasping hold
of the sacred in order to further their own, malevolent designs. In
reality, however, there is little evidence that either mysticism or
magic ever took shape in large-scale organized movements – other
than in the imagination of the heresy-hunters themselves.

Christianity

the German mystical tradition, but his early protests against the
Catholic Church seemed to indicate his desire to abolish a religion
of externals in order to replace it with a more inward-looking and
spiritual form of Christianity. After all, it was Luther who argued
that the inner conviction of grace in the heart of the believer was
more important than external works, and Luther who announced
the ‘priesthood of all believers’.
Such hopes were dashed, however, when Luther and Calvin actually
came to power. Far from leading the churches that took their name
in a mystical direction, they retained the deﬁning features of
Church Christianity. Even Ulrich Zwingli (1484–1531), who had
seemed to go furthest in the direction of a fully spiritual
Christianity, pulled back from the full implications of his position.
Supporters of the Reformation who had hoped for a different
outcome were forced to create their own, more radical forms of
Protestantism. Some of these took a Biblical form (see the previous
chapter), whilst others located authority in the Spirit more than the
Word. Of the latter, the most notorious were those experiments that
tried to bring about dramatic social change here and now, often in
the ‘apocalyptic’ expectation that this would precipitate God’s rule
on earth. Thomas Müntzer (c. 1489–1525) became a leader of the
German peasants’ rebellion of 1525, and the town of Münster
became a centre of apocalyptic expectation and social
experimentation. Both initiatives were crushed by the combined
forces of church and state, with both Catholic and Protestant
Church Christianity united in their violent opposition to such
mystically inspired political upheaval.
Though ‘Müntzer and Münster’ became a byword for the dangers
inherent in Mystical Christianity, apocalyptic activism was the
exception rather than the norm. The mystical tendency in
Protestantism gave rise to many different versions of Christian
community, few of which engaged in direct political action, but
some of which constituted at least an implicit threat to the existing
forms of higher power. Luther’s disillusioned colleague Andreas
86

Rudolf Bodenstein von Karlstadt (c. 1480–1541), for example,
rejected the idea of a state-supported church of external authority
in favour of voluntary, egalitarian groups of lay people led by
spiritually enlightened souls elected by the whole congregation.
Others, like Kaspar von Schwenkfeld (1489–1561) and Sebastian
Franck (c. 1499–c. 1542), had no interest in establishing new
churches, but thought that spiritual seekers should form their
own small groups for mutual ediﬁcation and support. The latter
idea helped inspire Pietism, a reforming movement within the
Lutheran churches that became widely inﬂuential in Prussia in the
late 17th and early 18th centuries, and whose political quietism and
charitable activism eventually won it state support. Pietism, in turn,
had a direct inﬂuence on John Wesley (1703–91) and his brother
Charles (1707–88), the founders of Methodism.

Conclusion
Rather than being allowed to ﬂoat free, establish its own
institutions, or become the prerogative of individuals unattached to
any form of sacred association, Christian mysticism was rarely
87

Mystical Christianity

The only mystical group that succeeded in founding an
independent, uniﬁed, lasting, and inﬂuential community of its own
was the Society of Friends, or Quakers. Its founder George Fox
(1624–91) rejected existing forms of Christianity in his quest for a
pure, inward, spiritual religion based on direct experience of Christ
in the heart of the individual. Fox spoke of the light of Christ that
illuminates each individual directly, and believed that those who
know the indwelling presence of Christ have no need of external
channels of grace. He therefore removed all sacraments, ritual,
liturgy, priests, and scriptures from worship. Friends gather not in
‘churches’ but in ‘meeting houses’, and in worship they sit together
in silence unless and until someone is moved by the Spirit to speak.
In practice, however, Quakerism survived by combining a pure and
formless mysticism with a Biblical and Christological basis and a
sophisticated organizational form.

Christianity

able to escape the inﬂuence of Church Christianity – and later,
Biblical Christianity – altogether. Monasticism served as a sort of
intermediate institution in which some individuals were able to
dedicate themselves to the mystical path, without departing
too radically from the teaching and control of the church
and clergy.
This is almost certainly one reason why most varieties of Christian
mysticism in the pre-modern period do not go to the extreme pole
of the Christian spectrum in which the sacred is located wholly
within individual experience and selfhood – even to the extent of
being identiﬁed with it – rather than being set over against it.
Although some of the earliest forms of Christian mysticism tended
in this direction, they were quickly styled ‘gnostic’ and ‘heretical’
and banished from the mainstream of Christian life. Later mystics
who were suspected of moving too far in this direction were subject
to ofﬁcial condemnation by the church.
This probably explains why, when the early modern period
witnessed the rise of a style of mysticism that fused Christian
and Romantic inﬂuences (as in the writings of William Blake
(1757–1827) in England, or the Transcendentalists in America), it
was usually regarded as having placed itself beyond the limits of
what counted as Christian. What sets such Romantic mysticism
apart from most other varieties of Christian mysticism is its sense
that God is to be found within the deepest desires, experiences, and
sensations of human life – including those associated with sex. By
contrast, most of the mysticism reviewed above maintains that
individuals have to destroy their personal desires, experiences,
aptitudes, and distinctiveness in order that God can enter into their
lives and take control of it. Thus the divine remains in some
signiﬁcant way external to human nature and opposed to it. In most
Christian mysticism God is the king, bridegroom, and lover to
whom the soul must surrender, submit, and sacriﬁce itself before
He can ‘enter in’ and take possession.

88

Chapter 5
Modern Christianity:
the West

Having considered the unfolding of Christianity in its several
varieties, we are now in a position to consider its interactions with
modernity. For Christianity there have really been two modernities.
In cultural terms, the ﬁrst was inaugurated by the Enlightenment of
the 18th century, which gave new authority to human reason and
the freedom to exercise it. Socio-economically it was characterized
by the rise of urban-industrial society and politically by the rise of
nation states governed by increasingly powerful centralized
governments. The second (or ‘late’) modernity began much later, in
the 1960s, and one of its deﬁning cultural characteristics is a turn to
subjective-life, which involves a ﬂight from deference – to any
established external authority, religious or secular – and an embrace
of the authority of one’s own deepest feelings, intuitions, desires,
and experiences. The turn to subjective-life is reinforced by other
developments, including the triumph of democracy in the political
sphere and capitalism in the economic sphere (accompanied by
growing afﬂuence). Together these changes conspire to give the
unique individual self and its choices new weight and signiﬁcance.
What this chapter will show is that whereas Christianity was
eventually relatively successful in adapting to the ﬁrst modernity, it
has found the second far less congenial. It will also reveal, however,
that some varieties of Christianity have coped with the subjective
turn somewhat better than others.
89

‘Enlightened’ reaction against Christianity

Christianity

As we saw in Chapter 3, the dominant form of Christianity –
Church Christianity – entered the modern period in close alliance
with the emerging nation states of Europe. Each nation had
its state church, whether Catholic or Protestant (indeed a
whole denomination – the Church of England or ‘Anglican
Church’ – come into being, in part, to discharge this role).
Alliance between church and state in the early modern world was
strengthened by a shared worldview. State churches endorsed the
view that power was the proper possession of a monarch – God in
the heavens, the king on earth – who had the right and duty to
command his people. The people, in turn, were obliged to obey
sovereign power from on high in both its earthly and heavenly
manifestations.
Whereas Christianity in pre-Reformation Europe had served as a
focus of unity, with a single church – the Roman Catholic –
transcending the rivalries of secular powers, Christianity now
became a factor in such rivalry. Growing antagonism and warfare
between competing nation states became bound up with rivalries
between Catholic and Protestant, not to mention those between
different varieties of Protestantism. In the process, Christianity
became more ‘confessional’ than before, with competing churches
articulating what they stood for – and what set them apart – by way
of propositional statements of faith (‘confessions’). Christianity also
became more evangelistic, as different denominations grew more
competitive and more concerned to win converts to their own
particular version of the truth. Far from acting as an agent of peace
and unity, Christianity seemed to be exacerbating the intolerance,
hostility, and warfare that had become such a characteristic feature
of early modern Europe.
In the wake of the violent upheavals of the English Civil War and
the wars of religion that raged across Continental Europe in the
17th century, some English and French writers began to propose
90

radical reform. The so-called ‘Deists’ made trenchant criticisms of
‘traditional’ Christianity, accusing it of being both irrational and
intolerant. Rather than advocating atheism, however, they
proposed a new rational ‘natural’ religion that would offer a ﬁrmer
basis for a stable and prosperous society. Based on reason rather
than superstition, such religion would abandon belief in such
things as miracles, the virgin birth, and the Trinity, and would
retain only the more rational and ethical elements of Christianity:
belief in a creator God, in the brotherhood of man, the
immortality of the soul, and the duty of love and care for
one another.

The most dramatic historical clash between these two extremes –
the extremes that Liberal Christianity tried to move between –
occurred in the French Revolution of 1789. The Roman Catholic
Church in France had become closely bound up with the monarchy,
and legitimated the latter’s increasingly despotic rule as the will of
God. By the 18th century currents of Enlightened thought were
gathering force in Europe, with pockets of intense support in
France, and the enthusiastic embrace of human dignity, liberty,
91

Modern Christianity: the West

Deism represents the ﬁrst modern manifestation of a ‘Liberal’ form
of Christianity, that is to say a Christianity that accepts the authority
of human reason, the value of freedom, and the possibility of
progress. Liberal Christianity takes a relatively high view of human
dignity (closer to Aquinas than Augustine), but believes that it is
cultivated by way of belief in the Christian God, and in the
context of the church. As we will see in the remainder of this
chapter, Liberal Christianity played an important role in the rise of
ﬁrst modernity, and did far more than merely accommodate itself
passively to modern values. It always faced the danger, however, of
being viewed as an uneasy compromise between a more
wholehearted embrace of human reason, freedom, and dignity, on
the one hand, or a more devout and humble submission to the
mysteries of the Christian faith and the authority of God and His
church, on the other.

Christianity

and equality was leading to growing criticism of the religious as
well as the political establishment. Though it was dangerous to
voice atheistic sentiment explicitly, philosophers like Voltaire
(1694–1778) came close to developing what amounted to a fully
secular position, in which man relies on his own abilities and
abandons all tutelage to God.
Political and intellectual protest went hand in hand in France.
Given the close alliance between church and state, rebellion against
the monarchy almost inevitably involved rebellion against the
Catholic Church as well. When eventually the Revolution got
underway – given the opportunity by an economic crisis – it did so
under the banner of ‘freedom, equality, and brotherhood’. The
privileges of power on high supported by Church Christianity for so
long were challenged by new aspirations towards democracy. Belief
that power was the God-given privilege of the few was challenged by
the belief that it was the natural possession of all the people (or at
least all property-owning males). Although some revolutionaries
drew the conclusion that the overthrow of tyranny must include
the overthrow of the church, in the event a more moderate and
pragmatic policy of ‘secularization’ was pursued in France, one
that aimed not to abolish the church but to bring it under greater
public control.
The Roman Catholic Church responded with vigour. It condemned
the French Revolution and the ideals that inspired it, including the
desire for freedom and the aspiration towards democracy. It
reasserted its monarchial ideals, and continued in its work of
centralizing the church and extending its control over personal life
and, where possible, political life as well. It condemned new
currents of thought, and encouraged the production of ‘manuals’ of
confessional Catholic theology based on the work of Aquinas. The
papacy defended its position as an important powerbroker within
Europe, and wherever and whenever the cause of democracy
stalled, it was poised and ready to take advantage. As late as 1864,
the Catholic Church issued a condemnation of the errors of modern
92

Extracts from The Syllabus of Errors
[Errors condemned by the Pope:]
15. Every man is free to embrace and profess that
religion which, guided by the light of reason, he shall
consider true . . .
24. The church has not the power of using force, nor
has she any temporal power, direct or indirect . . .
44. The civil authority may interfere in matters relating

77. In the present day it is no longer expedient that the
Catholic religion should be held as the only religion of the
State, to the exclusion of all other forms of worship . . .
80. The Roman Pontiff can, and ought to, reconcile
himself, and come to terms with progress, liberalism
and modern civilization.

reason, progress, and democracy – The Syllabus of Errors – and in
1870 it propounded the Doctrine of Papal Infallibility. In the
process Roman Catholicism became more closely identiﬁed with
the forces of social conservatism than democracy and social change.

The democratization of Christianity
Not all the Christian churches reacted against revolutionary and
democratic upheavals in the same way as the Roman Catholic
Church in Europe. In 1776 another revolution had taken place,
93

Modern Christianity: the West

to religion, morality and spiritual government . . .

Christianity

against British colonial rule in what would become the United
States of America. There were close links between the American
and French revolutions, and many shared ideals. But whereas the
revolution in France put Christianity on the defensive, the outcome
in America was rather different. Even though Britain had exported
its state church, the Anglican Church, it had allowed other churches
to establish themselves in American territory. Rather than ally
themselves against the forces of revolution, many of these churches
supported the cause of independence and freedom.
It would be an exaggeration to say that Christianity generated the
democratic constitution of the United States. The men who laid the
political foundations of the newly independent nation were mainly
Deists who supported various forms of post-confessional rational
religion. But there were many rather more traditional Church and
Biblical Christians in America who were genuinely supportive of the
Revolution and its ideals and who believed that good Christians could
also be good Americans, loyal to the ideals of liberty and democracy.
One explanation of the greater openness towards the modern
secular, democratic state on the part of many American churches is
that they had more to gain than to lose from constitutional
separation of church and state. Since there were already many
competing confessions in the USA, they had no desire to see one of
their number elevated to the position of a state church. Some
already had direct experience of being a minority faith in Europe,
and had ﬂed to the USA in order to escape the disadvantages and
persecutions that could attend such status. Some of the churches
that fell into this category were of the Church type
(Congregationalists, Presbyterians), others Biblical (Baptists), some
between the two (Methodists), and some more Mystical in
orientation (Quakers). Although Congregationalist, Presbyterian,
and Catholic churches had no ideological preference for church—
state separation and religious toleration, they accommodated these
ideals for pragmatic reasons, and before long their pragmatic
preference was being justiﬁed in terms of theological commitment
94

(resulting in stormy relations between the Catholic Church in
America and that in Rome). The Biblical and Mystical churches
were in a stronger ideological position to support democratic
freedoms, given their long history of opposition to political and
religious hierarchy and their support for more democratic
arrangements in their own institutional life.

The 19th century
The 19th century is sometimes presented as the most intensely
Christian era the West has ever known, and sometimes as the point
at which secularism ﬁrst began to challenge Christian cultural
hegemony in a serious way. There is truth in both accounts.
On the one hand, the 19th century witnessed a massive explosion in
the numbers of churches, clergy, and churchgoers, to a greater
extent than can be accounted for by population growth. Many of the
ecclesiastical buildings that still have a prominent place in the built
environment came into existence at this time, and many of the
institutions and practices we still associate with Christianity were
invented or came into their own, including Sunday schools, Bible
classes, Bibles and prayer books that ordinary people could afford to
own, Sunday Communion services, Gothic Revival furnishing and
architecture, and popular pictures and sculptures of Jesus and the
95

Modern Christianity: the West

The upshot was that the rise of the secular nation state and the
gradual extension of democratic arrangements did less damage to
Christianity in America than in Europe. One could even argue that
the churches proﬁted, in so far as they presented themselves as
foundational to ‘the American way’. We can see the results to this
day in the fact that levels of churchgoing in the USA are about twice
as high as those in Europe, and religion continues to play a more
central role in the culture and even in political life (albeit
informally). Paradoxically, the formal separation of church and
state allowed far more mutual support of the one by the other in
the USA than did continuing establishment in much of Europe.

Christianity

saints. Amongst believers piety rose to a new pitch of intensity and
commitment. In Britain, for example, up to half the population
attended church on an average Sunday, some attending more than
once. Christian literature – books, magazines, and novels – reached
a peak of production, and Christian language and values
permeated the general culture. Thrift, hard work, temperance,
self-reliance, cleanliness, respectability, family values, sexual
continence – it was hard to say whether these were general cultural
values or Christian values, so closely intertwined had the two
become (see Fig. 18).
On the other hand, doubt and disillusionment with Christianity
became perhaps more prevalent, and certainly more public, than
ever before. It was fuelled, in part, by the growing prestige of
scientiﬁc method. The tangible success of science in explaining
the world and giving rise to technological innovation was hard to
argue with. Since science worked on an empirical basis, seeking
knowledge by way of patient exploration of the world around
rather than by reference to supernatural revelation, it seemed to
undermine the confessional theological method of deduction from
ﬁrst principles believed to have been revealed directly by God. This
impression was reinforced when science made discoveries, or
proposed theories, that directly contradicted the Bible and theology.
One of the earliest was geology’s discovery that the earth was far, far
older than the 6,006 years that some theologians had calculated on
the basis of the Biblical record. The application of critical historical
methods to the Bible further unsettled faith by placing question
marks over hitherto secure beliefs (that Moses had written the
ﬁrst ﬁve books of the Bible, that the gospels contained the authentic
words of Jesus, and so on). Darwin caused further unrest by
contradicting the account of creation in Genesis and its
anthropocentric view that the world had been created for the
beneﬁt of human beings. Most devastating of all was the fact that
Darwin’s theory of evolution offered the ﬁrst plausible account of
how life might have come into being as the result not of purposive
design but blind chance.
96

Modern Christianity: the West

18. Family at Church, by H. Fitzcook. Illustration from The Sunday at
Home (1865).

Undaunted by such enormous challenges, Liberal Christianity faced
and met them head on. Liberals rejected the idea that God’s truth
could simply be read out of the Bible and the writings of the church
fathers and applied to the world in a deductive manner, and they
believed that reason, free thought, and the scientiﬁc method could
be made the friend, not the enemy, of Christian belief. After all, if
97

Friedrich Schleiermacher
Schleiermacher (1768–1834) is credited with setting the
(Liberal) agenda for modern theology, an agenda that
dominated academic theology until the later part of the 20th
century. He also helped turn the tide against the deductive,
propositional, dogmatic form of theology that had become
characteristic of the confessional age. Schleiermacher
understood why his contemporaries rejected a form of Christianity that seemed to have no real connection to life, but he
argued that they had misunderstood the true nature of The
Christian Faith (also the title of one of his most important
works). Such faith, he argued, had more to do with a feeling
Christianity

of absolute dependence than with assent to a set of propositions. In saying this, Schleiermacher was in effect grounding
Christianity on our deepest human experiences, though he
insisted that such experiences are most fully and adequately
interpreted by the scriptures and in the light of Christ.

God had made the world, there was nothing humans could discover
about ‘nature’ that could undermine belief in its creator. Liberal
Theology therefore granted science sovereignty in its own sphere: in
telling us about the material world and its workings. But it reserved
to itself the job of telling us what we could know about God and
how we should behave in order to please Him. In the process,
theology became more ethical in emphasis and more willing to
acknowledge the value of human experience – especially moral
experience – as a basis for our knowledge of God.
Liberal Theology’s great achievement was to make it possible to be
rational yet remain a Christian. Not only did it accept the validity of
the scientiﬁc method in its own sphere, it even managed to
assimilate Darwin by arguing that evolution was not an alternative
98

to divine creation, but the method through which such creation
took place. For Liberals, accounts like that of creation in Genesis
were ‘myths’ that contain deep spiritual truths but should not be
confused with scientiﬁc treatises.

But by no means all Christians were sympathetic to the Liberal
programme. Liberal voices within the Catholic Church were
silenced and suppressed, and the enterprise of Biblical criticism was
banned. In the Protestant camp too, some were hostile to the
liberalization of the faith and suspicious of the alliance between
Liberal Christianity and middle-class interests. Biblical Christians
were likely to be hostile on two counts: ﬁrst, that the truths of the
Bible were being compromised; and second, that the church and
‘the world’ were becoming too cosy by half. The assimilation of
Darwin proved the ﬁnal straw that broke the camel’s back. By the
turn of the century conservative Biblical Christians, in the USA in
particular, were defending ‘creationism’ (the belief that God created
99

Modern Christianity: the West

Although they were able to make very signiﬁcant intellectual
concessions to a modern, rational sensibility, Liberal Christians
tended to be more conservative when it came to the church and
its role in society. Many Liberals were Church Christians who
remained committed to the vision of a society guided by Christian
values, and respectful of the church, its sacraments and clergy.
Though it gave rise to some distinctively Liberal denominations,
most notably the Unitarian Church, Liberalism was most inﬂuential
within existing denominations, and it had a particular afﬁnity with
Protestant Church Christianity. Since the latter was very much in
the ascendant in the 19th century – not least because it was the
dominant tradition in the most powerful nations and empires of the
day, including Britain and America – Liberal Christianity found
itself in a position of great inﬂuence. It managed to support the
interests and values of the newly powerful middle classes and their
politicians, whilst at the same time maintaining a social conscience
by calling for amelioration of the conditions of the industrial
working classes.

the world in the way described in Genesis), and attacking Darwin
and his Liberal Christian supporters. The movement came to
public expression early in the 20th century as ‘Fundamentalism’,
so-called because of its desire to return to the ‘fundamentals’ of
Christian belief.

Christianity

Christianity and the turn to subjective-life
Despite growing opposition, Liberal Christianity entered the
20th century in robust good health. Right up to the 1970s, it seemed
reasonable to think that the powerful alliance of Liberal Theology,
Church Christianity, and middle-class values would continue to
dominate the Christian landscape in the West for the foreseeable
future. Liberal theologians like Rudolph Bultmann (1884–1976)
and Paul Tillich (1886–1965) helped set the intellectual agenda
of Christianity, the ‘liberal mainline’ churches had been boosted
by a widespread return to ‘home and church’ in the immediate
aftermath of World War II, and even the Catholic Church seemed to
be travelling in a liberal direction in the wake of the Second Vatican
Council (1962–5). The latter, convened by Pope John XXIII,
brought to an end a ‘fortress’ mentality that had seen the Roman
Catholic Church turn its back on modern culture and retreat into a
world of Thomistic scholarship, affective piety, and obedience to
Rome. The Council opened the door to a number of important
changes in Catholic life and thought, including the use of the
vernacular rather than Latin in worship, the introduction of
modern hymns and choruses, the liberalization of the religious life
for Catholic monks and nuns, a more critical approach to Biblical
and theological studies, and an acceptance of the principles of
religious freedom and toleration. The Council also ratiﬁed a new
self-understanding in which the church was identiﬁed with ‘the
whole people of God’ rather than the clerical hierarchy.
By the end of the 20th century, however, Liberalism was in retreat.
A brief increase in churchgoing after the Second World War had
turned into precipitous decline, and Church Christianity was
100

As Liberal Christian fortunes fell, so conservative ones rose. The
Biblical churches fared particularly well. Even though
Fundamentalism had been rubbished by the liberal establishment
in America in the 1920s, conservative Christians in the USA
managed to construct a successful Christian subculture with its own
churches, schools, colleges, shops, radio and television channels,
and networks of association. This culture managed to hold its own
against the corrosive inﬂuences of popular culture, to increase its
numbers, and to make its voice heard on the American political
scene in the 1980s and even later. Its energies have been directed
towards defending the ‘traditional home’, ‘family values’, and clearly
differentiated roles for men and women. It has been particularly
active in campaigns against homosexuality and abortion and in
favour of sexual abstinence before marriage. In some instances
conservative Catholics and Protestants have joined together in these
campaigns.
The broader trajectory of ‘Evangelical Christianity’ has been even
more successful. Though they do not take as extreme a stand as
Fundamentalists on issues such as Biblical inerrancy, Evangelicals
101

Modern Christianity: the West

particularly badly affected. Between 1970 and 2000, regular
Sunday attendance in the Anglican, Methodist, Roman Catholic,
and United Reformed churches in England roughly halved, for
example. Liberal mainline churches fared little better elsewhere in
Europe, or even in North America. Many of the churches that
suffered most were the old state churches. Sunday attendance in the
Church of Sweden, for example, fell to below 2% of the population
by the end of the century, whilst attendance in the Church of
England halved in just two decades (between 1980 and 2000).
Liberal Theology also suffered a reversal of fortunes. Having once
dominated the theological stage, it now found itself on the
defensive. New developments of a broadly liberal tendency, such as
Feminist Theology and Liberation Theology (see the following
chapters), served merely to make the Liberal agenda seem oldfashioned.

Karl Barth
Liberal Theology came under ﬁerce attack by the Swiss
Reformed theologian Karl Barth (1886–1968). His ﬁrst
inﬂuential book was his Commentary on Romans, in which
he stressed the unbridgeable distance that separates God
and humanity. Barth accused Liberals of cutting God down to
human size by trying to capture him in the categories of
human understanding. In his later, multi–volume Church
Dogmatics, Barth argued that humans can understand God
only on the basis of God’s own revelation in the Word (that
is, in Christ, scripture, and faithful preaching). Against those
who suggested that many religions contain truth, Barth
Christianity

argued that all religion is an idolatrous human construction
that can never reach up to the living God. In order to ‘let God
be God’, theologians must abandon their attempts to comprehend God, and have the humility to rely on God’s Word
alone. Barth helped revitalize Christian theology by asserting
its unique relationship to truth, and by the later part of the
20th century the ‘neo-orthodox’ approach he inspired had
become dominant in academic theology.

afﬁrm the supreme authority of the Bible, the sinfulness of
humanity, full and perfect salvation through the work of Jesus
Christ on the cross, the necessity of giving one’s life to Jesus and
being ‘born again’, the importance of a strict Biblical morality that
afﬁrms family values, and active evangelization. With its roots in
the early modern era, Evangelicalism grows out of a confessional
context, but abandons intra-Protestant rivalries for cooperation.
Whilst retaining a propositional approach to the Christian faith
(faith as assent to lists of propositions), it combines this with a more
modern emphasis on the importance of direct experience of the
102

sacred (particularly in the experience of being ‘born again’ in the
Spirit). Evangelicals may belong to any of the historic Protestant
churches, or to independent congregations. They consider these
divisions of ‘churchmanship’ less important than the experiences
and afﬁrmations that bind them together.

Pulling all this together, we can present Christianity in the modern
period as internally differentiated depending on where it locates
ultimate authority: in God, in human reason enlightened by God, or
in subjective experience more broadly (including not just reason but
intuition and feelings). If we lay this scheme of categorization
across the broader scheme used in the previous two chapters to
classify historic Christianity (Church, Biblical, and Mystical types),
we can represent the different varieties of modern Christianity by
way of a simple diagram (see page 104).
This diagram also helps us understand the changing fortunes of
Christianity in modern times. Since the transition to ﬁrst modernity
involved a cultural shift away from transcendent authority towards
the authority of individual reason (from left to the centre on the
103

Modern Christianity: the West

In its growing emphasis on the importance of individual
experience, Evangelicalism has also been inﬂuenced by another
pan-denominational movement, Charismatic Christianity (which
embraces Pentecostalism, and may also be called Pentecostal
Christianity). Charismatic Christianity, which will be examined in
more detail in the next chapter, places particular emphasis upon the
direct experience of God as Holy Spirit. As a result, Evangelical
Protestantism now covers a spectrum of positions. At one extreme
are the most conservative Evangelicals, or Fundamentalists, who
afﬁrm the absolute and infallible authority of scripture. At the other
are Charismatic Evangelicals (or Evangelical Charismatics), who
afﬁrm the authority of scripture and of direct experience of the Holy
Spirit. There are also some Charismatic Catholics whose
Catholicism has been inﬂuenced by the experiential stress of the
Charismatic movement.

Transcendent

Rational

Experiential

authority

authority

authority

Church

Conservative

Liberal

Pentecostal

type

Catholicism

Catholicism

Catholicism

Conservative

Liberal

Anglicanism,

Protestantism

Lutheranism,
Presbyterianism
Biblical

Fundamentalism Liberal

type

Evangelicalism

Charismatic/
Pentecostal
Christianity

Christianity

Evangelicalism
Mystical

Mystical Eastern

type

Orthodoxy

Swedenborgianism

Society of
Friends

Christian Science
Varieties of Christianity in the modern world.

diagram), it favoured Liberal Christianity (or secular rationalism).
Since the transition to second modernity involved disillusionment
with scientiﬁc rationality and a growing turn to subjective-life, it
favoured more experiential forms of religion and spirituality
(moving to the right of the diagram). As this turn to subjective-life
has become more widespread since the 1960s, so successive
generations have become increasingly alienated from a Church
Christianity (conservative or liberal) which offers little by way of
subjective experience and tends to place more emphasis on
religious and moral duty and social conformity than on the value
of ‘living my own life in my own way’ (one might say they have
dropped off the right-hand side of the diagram altogether).
Some conservative Biblical churches have also declined, particularly
those that have failed to make room for individual experience. The
104

form of Christianity that has fared best since the 1970s is that
which falls into the category of ‘Biblical-Experiential’ in the
diagram above, most notably the Charismatic and Evangelical
Charismatic churches. The latter bring together the Biblical and
Mystical varieties of Christianity. For those who are somewhat wary
of the subjective turn, they offer clear Bible-based belief and moral
authority, but manage to combine it with the promise of subjective
experience, satisfaction, self-development, and well-being. Though
the Father God may remain an external authority ﬁgure, Jesus
Christ is experienced directly as an ever-present companion and
guide, entering into life by way of the Spirit. The more Charismatic
the church, the more that intense, ecstatic experiences of possession
by the Holy Spirit will be emphasized (see the next chapter).

Overall, then, the late 20th century has not been kind to the
Western churches. In many parts of Europe, regular Sunday
attendance levels had declined to between 4 and 8% of the
population by the turn of the millennium (with monthly attendance
105

Modern Christianity: the West

To some extent, as one would expect, the subjective turn of second
modernity has also beneﬁted the mystical tendency in Christianity.
Traditional Church Christianity has occasionally been able to buck
the trend of decline where it has been able to cater to the demand
for personally meaningful mystical ‘spirituality’ by offering moving
and inspiring worship services in beautiful historic settings. Some
historic mystical churches have also fared well, including Quaker
and Unitarian congregations that have moved in a subjectivized
direction. The reason that Mystical Christianity has not done even
better, given the growing cultural demand for spirituality that caters
to subjective-life, is probably that it now faces so much competition
from alternative spiritual providers. The closing decades of the
20th century witnessed the rapid growth of ‘holistic’ forms of
spirituality, ranging from spiritual Yoga to Tai Chi to Reiki. With
more and more people identifying themselves as ‘spiritual’ rather
than ‘religious’, and with fewer and fewer having a Christian
background, such holistic spirituality looks set to ﬂourish.

19. This disused chapel in the north of England (above) has been sold by
the United Reformed Church and is in the process of being converted
into a Meditation Centre (below). The Meditation Centre is not
afﬁliated to any particular faith, and caters to the growing numbers of
Westerners interested in ‘spirituality not religion’.

Conclusion
The simplest way of presenting the story of Christianity in the
modern West would be to say that a religion that had long favoured
power from on high found itself in a context in which power from
below – the power of each and every individual – was winning the
day. Finding itself out of tune with the times, Christianity suffered
a massive loss of support – both social and individual – and reacted
by becoming more defensive and counter-cultural. As this chapter
has demonstrated, however, such an analysis can be sharpened by
paying more attention to the internal diversity of Christianity, and
to the varied fortunes of the religion’s different strands.
The dominant form of Christianity, Church Christianity, entered
ﬁrst modernity in a form that was likely to prove incompatible with
the new emphasis being placed on human reason and dignity.
Clashes were inevitable, and occurred most dramatically where a
church refused to give any quarter to the new humanistic values –
as in France. Elsewhere, however, Church Christianity managed to
107

Modern Christianity: the West

levels about one and a half times greater). Even in the USA, the best
estimates put weekly Sunday churchgoing as low as 20% – though
self-reported attendance is almost twice as high. Having already lost
a good deal of political and economic power in the early modern
period, Christianity now lost much of the cultural power it had
managed to retain and even consolidate in the 19th century. Where
once it had been part of the ‘establishment’, Christianity now
became part of a conservative counter-culture, protesting against
secular values and the subjective turn of modern culture and calling
for a return to traditional values, community, and family. Some
Liberal and Mystical Christians fought a rearguard action on behalf
of wide social concern, sexual tolerance, and a greater openness to
sacred power from within. But the mood of theology, of church
leadership, and of popular Christian feeling had turned against
them – even though the most successful forms of Christianity had
made some signiﬁcant concessions to the subjective turn.

Christianity

liberalize, and to become the ally rather than the enemy of
modernization. A relatively harmonious relationship was
established between church, society, and culture in the 19th century,
not least because the church still had a role to play in upholding
social hierarchy, particularly the interests of the new middle classes.
In the 20th century the fortunes of Church Christianity began to
change as it was squeezed and criticized from two sides. On the one
hand, more conservative Church and Biblical Christians began
to criticize Liberal Christians for qualifying Christian truth. On
the other hand, even such Liberalism proved unable to cater to
the new demands being placed on the sacred by a culture that
was increasingly focused on the cultivation and development of
personal subjective-life. As a result, Liberal Church Christianity has
suffered massive decline in recent decades; Mystical Christianity
has fared somewhat better; but the most successful churches of all
have been those that have managed to combine an emphasis on the
authority of the Bible with the offer of personal, subjective
empowerment through the Holy Spirit.

108

Chapter 6
Christianity beyond the West

At exactly the same time that Christianity went into serious decline
in the West it entered a phase of rapid growth in the southern
hemisphere. By the last quarter of the 20th century, Charismatic
Christianity had become one of the fastest growing forms of religion
in the world, second only to resurgent Islam. Like the latter, its
success has tended to be greatest in areas that had formerly been
under Western colonial control.
Before examining this latest phase in Christian history, this chapter
takes a step backwards in time. Since its topic is Christianity
beyond the West, it is important to remember that Christianity
has never been a straightforwardly Western religion. The chapter
begins, therefore, by looking at Christian expansion in the East and
by bringing the history of Eastern Orthodoxy up to date. It then
turns its attention to the global expansion of the Western churches
after the 16th century, before returning to the topic of recent
indigenous growth in Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa, and
parts of Asia.

Eastern Christianity and its expansion
There are some good reasons for regarding early Christianity as
an Eastern rather than a Western religion. It emerges from the
religion and culture of a Semitic people. It spreads rapidly into the
109

Christianity

western part of Roman Empire, but its most important centres are
in the Greek-speaking East, not the Latin-speaking West. This
orientation to the East is consolidated by Constantine’s transfer of
the imperial capital from Rome to Constantinople and by the
gradual transformation of the classical Roman Empire into the
Christian Byzantine Empire (see Chapter 3).
Christianity’s centre of gravity might have shifted even further
east had Roman plans to conquer Persia come to fruition. But
Christian communities had in any case established themselves in
Persia and further aﬁeld even without Roman assistance. Their
survival depended upon the rulers in whose territories they were
located. In Persia Christianity ﬂourished so long as it had the
support of the ruling Sassanian dynasty. With important
intellectual centres in Edessa and Nisibis, Persian Christianity
developed its own distinctive theological emphases under the
inﬂuence of theologians such as Theodore of Mopsuestia (c. 350–
428) and Nestorius (mid-4th to mid-5th centuries). It was this
tradition of thought that led eventually to the split, noted in
Chapter 3, between the ‘orthodox’ Christology of the Byzantine
Church and the ‘Nestorian’ Christology of the ‘Church of the East’
(also called the ‘Nestorian Church’). Though based in Persia,
Nestorian Christianity spread further east along the busy trade
routes that connected the Roman and Persian empires with
Asia. By about the 6th century, small Christian communities had
been established as far aﬁeld as India and China, as well as in parts
of Africa.
But the eastern extension of Christianity was inhibited by the
existence of entrenched Confucian, Hindu, and Buddhist cultures
that pre-dated Christianity and resisted its incursions. Without
political backing Christianity was unable to do more than win over
small, marginal social groups that had something to gain from
conversion to a foreign religion not immediately associated with a
dominant power. After the death of Muhammed in 632, Christian
expansion was also inhibited by the growing power of Islam.
110

Though it drew on elements of both Jewish and Christian
monotheism, this new faith proved far more successful in
converting the Arabic-speaking peoples of the Middle East, and
was soon winning converts in North Africa and the Near East as
well (the Persian Empire fell in the mid-7th century). Whereas
Christianity had appealed mainly to city dwellers and had kept
intact the Roman economic system based on slavery, Islam
appealed to those in rural areas as well, and promised a more
thoroughgoing reconstruction of society. By bringing together
military, political, and religious power in a compact alliance, Islam
brought to an end once and for all the long-cherished hope of a
Christian world empire.

111

Christianity beyond the West

As a result of its failures to expand, ‘orthodox’ Byzantine
Christianity became more entrenched around Constantinople. Still
conﬁdent in its status as the religion of God’s holy empire on earth,
it set about consolidating its position. Church and emperor worked
in the closest cooperation, their aim being to shape their earthly
kingdom in conformity to its heavenly pattern. The public life of
empire was scripted by way of elaborate rituals and ceremonies,
and a rigid social hierarchy developed in imitation of the celestial
hierarchy. It was within this context that the form of Church
Christianity we now call ‘Eastern Orthodoxy’ or simply ‘Orthodoxy’
developed its distinctive identity. It viewed itself as the one true
church of Christ and the apostles, and based its life and thought on
the seven ecumenical councils of the church (from Nicaea I in 325
to Nicaea II in 787). Though the church in Rome and its pope
began to make increasingly grandiose claims for themselves,
Byzantium was never in any doubt that it was still the Holy Roman
Empire and that the Pope had no authority over the Patriarch in
Constantinople. When the West began to make liturgical and
doctrinal innovations, including the addition of the ‘ﬁlioque’ to the
creed (saying the Holy Spirit proceeds from ‘the Father and the Son’
rather than ‘the Father’ alone), Orthodoxy reacted with dismay.
Such developments convinced it that its duty must be to guard the
true faith against change and innovation.

Christianity

20. The world of Eastern Orthodoxy.

This is not to imply that the Byzantine church lost its expansive
drive; if anything competition with the West encouraged it to seek
new converts. Though hemmed in by Islam on several sides, the
Orthodox Church was able to direct its expansive energies into
Romania and the Slavic lands of Bulgaria, Serbia, and Russia.
Despite competition from Western Christianity, all these lands were
gathered into the Orthodox fold after the 9th century. In the vast
territories of Russia the church spread by two main means. First,
112

through the success of monasticism as a self-propelled movement
that was able to expand into non-Christian territory and establish
bridgeheads of further expansion. Second, by the established
strategy of entering into partnership with imperial ambition. This
strategy proved successful when the Orthodox Church formed an
alliance with the increasingly powerful dynasty based in Moscow
and became a focus for the construction of Russian unity and
identity. The Byzantine model of ‘Caesaro-papism’, of emperor
working closely with church, proved adaptable to this new context.
When the Byzantine Empire fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1453,
Russia was able to take over the mantle of Christian empire, with
Ivan II styling himself Tsar (Caesar, or Emperor) in 1472, and Russia
attaining the status of a Patriarchate in 1589.

In the modern period churches in the East struggled to maintain
their power in the face of growing secular power just as they did in
the West. An assertion of ecclesiastical power by Patriarch Nikon in
mid-17th-century Russia led not only to reaction in his own church
(on the part of the so-called ‘Old Believers’ who wished to retain
traditional Russian customs), but to greater state control. The
modernizing Tsar Peter the Great, who reigned between 1682 and
113

Christianity beyond the West

Though Moscow might now consider itself the ‘third Rome’,
and though Russian Orthodoxy might now challenge Greek
Orthodoxy for supremacy, the Patriarch of Constantinople retained
considerable power. The Ottomans not only allowed him to remain
in ofﬁce, but regarded him as the spiritual leader of all Orthodox
Christians within the extensive Ottoman Empire (including Greeks,
Bulgars, Serbs, Arabs, and Albanians). Ironically, the Patriarch’s
power was challenged less by the success of the Ottoman Empire
than by its collapse in the 19th century and by the subsequent exile
of Greeks from Turkey. Though he retains the title of ‘Ecumenical
Patriarch’ (patriarch of the inhabited world) and has an honorary
primacy within Orthodoxy, the present-day Patriarch’s diminished
ﬂock consists largely of Greeks living in Crete, the USA, Western
Europe, and Australia.

Christianity

1725, abolished the ofﬁce of Patriarch and turned the church into a
department of state. A reassertion of conservative interests in the
19th century went together with a revival of the church under
the banner of ‘Orthodoxy, autocracy, and nationality’, and led to
massive reaction against both church and the ruling classes in the
Bolshevik Revolution of 1917.
Given Karl Marx’s hostility to religion as an ‘opiate of the people’
and an obstacle to progress, and given Communist governments’
attempts to establish total control over the lives of their people, it is
not surprising that the church under Communism was often treated
with ruthless hostility. In Russia, for example, the 46,000 churches
of the pre-revolutionary era had been reduced to a few hundred by
the late 1930s. But the state was also capable of changing its policy
toward the churches when politically expedient, as Stalin did during
the Second World War when he realized how useful the churches
could be in motivating Russians to do their patriotic duty, and in
colonizing areas brought under Soviet control. Given Orthodoxy’s
history of dependence upon political patronage and its tendency to
obey the governing authorities, it found itself equipped with few
resources to resist state control. In Bulgaria as in Russia, Orthodoxy
lost a great deal of credibility as a result of its collaboration with the
Communist authorities, whereas in Romania, East Germany, and
Poland, Protestant and Catholic churches demonstrated a greater
ability to mobilize opposition to the state, particularly in the 1980s
as Communism began to fail.
Since the collapse of Communism, Orthodoxy has been attempting
to re-establish power in ex-Communist lands, often by way of active
cooperation with the new political regimes. Its tendency to support
neo-nationalism was demonstrated most dramatically in Serbia,
but is also evident in several other countries, including Russia. In
the latter, the church has been lobbying the government to prevent
other forms of religion, including Christian denominations, from
proselytizing (‘sheep stealing’). In the West, Orthodoxy continues to
play an important role in supporting the ethnic identities of
114

immigrant peoples, but is also developing a new role as a popular
religious option for small numbers of afﬂuent and educated
Westerners who appreciate its mix of ritualism and mysticism.
As for the Nestorian and non-Chalcedonian (‘Monophysite’)
churches of the East, they too have suffered as a result of wider
political developments, though their fate has been shaped more

Eastern Christian churches
1. Eastern Orthodox churches
Ancient Patriarchates: Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch,
Jerusalem

churches: Russia, Serbia, Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus,
Greece, Poland, Albania, Georgia, Czechoslovakia, America
Autonomous churches: Finland, Japan

2. ‘Separated’ churches
Church of the East (also called the Nestorian Church)
Non-Chalcedonian (‘Monophysite’) churches: Syrian Church
of Antioch, Syrian Church of India, Coptic Church (in
Egypt), Armenian Church, Ethiopian Church

3. Uniate churches (Orthodox churches that accept
the authority of Rome)
There are Uniate churches parallel to the vast majority of
the Orthodox churches listed above, with the largest groups
in the Ukraine, Romania, India, Syria, and Lebanon.

115

Christianity beyond the West

Other Patriarchates and autocephalous (self-governing)

by the energies of Islam than of Communism. The upsurge of
exclusivistic forms of Islam in much of the contemporary Middle
East threatens to eliminate the few remaining churches that still
stand as a testament to those ancient forms of Eastern Christianity
that refused to accept the ‘Orthodox’ consensus.

Western missionary activity

Christianity

By the late Middle Ages, the Western church seemed to have
reached the limits of possible expansion, especially when its
attempts to push back the boundaries of Islam by way of the
Crusades failed. But the late 15th century saw new possibilities
opening up as increasingly powerful nation states, particularly
Spain and Portugal, began to extend their empires overseas, most
notably in the Americas.
The latter development initiated the ﬁrst phase of Western
Christian expansion overseas, a phase that spanned the 16th and
17th centuries and ended in the 18th. A number of features
distinguish it from a second phase of Christian mission that
followed a century later. First, this was chieﬂy a phase of Roman
Catholic expansion. Although the Protestant churches inherited
Christianity’s universalizing and expansive drive, their evangelistic
energies were initially focused within Europe rather than outside
it. Second, it is almost impossible to distinguish political and
religious motives, energies, and results in the ﬁrst phase of
Christian mission (Spain and Portugal were both Catholic powers;
their monarchs were religious as well as political leaders and the
Pope gave them full authority over the churches in the territories
they conquered; the conquest of South America was undertaken
for gold, slaves, land, and souls and under obedience to king, Pope,
and God). Third, this mission involved the wholesale export of
Western culture and institutions. To be baptized was to become a
Christian and to accept Spanish or Portuguese rule. As in medieval
Europe, it was more important to belong to ‘Christendom’ than to
confess the faith on an individual basis. Finally, the faith was
116

spread by conquerors, friars, and clergy. As yet there were no
specially commissioned agents of evangelization called
‘missionaries’.

A further difference was that instead of relying upon clergy and
members of religious orders, the second phase of mission
rationalized the enterprise of evangelization by creating dedicated
missionaries. The initial intention was that missionaries should be
men drawn from the ranks of the clergy and specially prepared for
their role overseas. In reality, however, a shortage of volunteers
meant that lay people had to be trained as missionaries, and these
were often men who wished to travel abroad with their wives. By the
late 19th century, women were playing an increasingly important
role in overseas mission, even though they still had to work under
the nominal control of a man. Given that women were denied other
inﬂuential public roles in the churches, the missionary call proved
attractive to many (see the next chapter). Catholic women could
join one of the new missionary orders, whilst Protestant women
could join a missionary team, sometimes composed of just husband
and wife. Many female and male missionaries were equipped with
practical skills they could employ in the mission ﬁeld, perhaps in
117

Christianity beyond the West

Thus the ﬁrst phase of Christian expansion remained largely
medieval in its methods and assumptions, even though it was made
possible by early modern developments, including improved
transport by sea and the rise of powerful independent nation states.
By contrast, the second phase of mission, which lasted throughout
the 19th century and into the ﬁrst part of the 20th, was more
characteristically modern. Its approach was shaped by confessional
Christianity, both Catholic and Protestant. Instead of creating
converts whose Christian allegiance was chieﬂy evident in outward
behaviours such as reception of the church’s sacraments and
membership of Christian society, modern mission sought a more
sincere and informed dedication of heart and mind. In doing so it
had new, portable means at its disposal: Bibles, catechisms,
confessional statements, and hymn books.

Christianity

21. Two missionaries from the Universities’ Mission to Central Africa
set out on a journey in Tanganyika, c. 1902.

education or medicine – for in the second phase of mission the offer
of the gospel often went hand in hand with the offer of some of the
‘material beneﬁts’ of Western civilization.
The ﬁnal difference between the ﬁrst and second phases of mission
was that in the latter missionary activity took place in looser
118

Christian upsurge in the southern hemisphere
The second phase of Western Christian evangelization had mixed
and rather complex results. Biblical Christianity tends to judge
success in terms of the number of individual conversions, whilst
Church Christianity is more likely to take account of the degree of
Christian penetration of society. Taking both criteria into account,
the most thoroughgoing mission success must surely be in ‘Latin’
America, where ruthless religio-political conquest in the ﬁrst phase
of mission followed by more modern forms of missionary activity in
the second resulted in widespread Christianization (as also
happened in the Philippines). By contrast, the most notable failure
has been in lands where Christianity was not backed by colonial
power and/or where it was forced to compete with existing religious
monopolies, as in China, India, and much of the Middle East. In
areas like sub-Saharan Africa, where Christianity found itself in
119

Christianity beyond the West

alliance with political power. The association between state and
church was still important, and modern mission was closely
associated with Western colonial expansion. But a distance was
often maintained between a Western regime and the missionaries
who entered a country under its protection, and there could even be
a degree of mutual suspicion and hostility. In some cases, where
missionaries from a variety of churches were allowed to operate in
the same territory, there could also be intense intra-Christian
rivalry. But even when a state refused to throw its weight behind
missionary activity, there is no doubt that the latter could beneﬁt by
association with colonial power. Missionaries were often the
mediators between a colonial power and its subjects, and they
provided access to some of the goods of the more powerful society –
material, cultural, and spiritual. Though there was also intensive
missionary work in areas that did not come under extensive
Western colonial control, such as China, it is probably signiﬁcant
that the results were less impressive than when missionary work
took place within the context of colonialism. Nevertheless, colonial
context was not in itself a guarantee of missionary success.

Christianity

competition with varied forms of indigenous spirituality, there
tended to be greater success, though thoroughgoing ‘conversion’
seems to have been less common than selective appropriation of the
cultural and material goods that modern missionaries had to offer.
As well as being aided by alliance with the dominant power of the
West, Christian mission could also be hindered by it. Converts could
win some signiﬁcant advantages for themselves and their families
by accepting the religion of the colonial power, but they also risked
separation from their own culture and people. The more a religion –
like Islam or Hinduism – served as a marker of identity, the greater
the risk that conversion would be interpreted as an act of cultural
betrayal. This was another reason why mission did best where
Christianity could be combined with indigenous beliefs and
practices, as in Latin America and parts of sub-Saharan Africa. It
also helps explain why the most spectacular upsurge of Christianity
outside the West occurred after the 1970s, when the withdrawal
of Western colonial power eliminated some of the cultural barriers
to conversion (the role of rapid population growth must also be
taken into account).
This recent Christian upsurge has involved many different sorts
of churches: colonial churches (both Protestant and Catholic),
independent churches, and new indigenous churches. It is
associated, above all, with the pan-denominational movement of
Pentecostal or Charismatic Christianity – which may inﬂuence or
inspire any of the different types of church just mentioned, but
which is most closely associated with Biblical Protestantism.
The World Christian Encyclopaedia estimates that Charismatic
Christianity has increased its share from 6.4% of global church
members in 1970 to 27.7% in 2000, and that 71% of Charismatics
are now non-white, with 66% living in the so-called Third World.
Since the Charismatic upsurge has been more or less
contemporaneous with the spread of resurgent Islam, it is
interesting to compare the two. Both have ﬂourished in territories
120

The Charismatic Christian upsurge is differentiated from the
Islamic upsurge, however, by at least two factors (both of which
make the former appear less threatening to the West than the
latter). First, it has much more direct historical and cultural links
with the West. Second, it offers more by way of individual than
social or political empowerment. Charismatic Christians rarely have
much interest in gaining political power, in establishing inﬂuence
over organized politics, or in changing society by political means.
They are generally happy to let secular authorities take care of such
matters, whilst they concentrate on the more important business of
transforming individual lives.
Such transformation comes about by way of the gift of the Holy
Spirit. So central and deﬁning is Charismatic Christianity’s
emphasis on the Spirit that some scholars refer to the movement as
‘third-person Christianity’. As we saw in the last chapter, it has roots
in the Pentecostal churches that developed in several parts of the
West simultaneously at the start of the 20th century, and quickly
spread elsewhere. In the 1970s a wave of ‘Charismatic revival’
affected churches in both the northern and southern hemispheres,
121

Christianity beyond the West

that were once under Western colonial control, and both have
enjoyed maximum growth in the post-colonial era. Both have a
globalizing tendency, and both represent indigenous movements of
modernization. To be part of the Islamic or Charismatic upsurge is
to be part of a global movement and to lay hold of the resources and
sense of universal, triumphant purpose that entails. One’s horizons
and sense of identity are immediately raised from the local or
national to the international, and power is enhanced accordingly.
In both instances one also enjoys the beneﬁt of becoming part of a
movement of modernization that does not require one to sell one’s
soul to the Western version of modernity. Through membership
one can lay hold of many of the beneﬁts of modernity, including
education, technology, and afﬂuence, without having to embrace
those aspects of ‘secular’ Western modernity that are experienced as
most alien to one’s own culture.

Christianity

22. Charismatic worship in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.

and was regarded by its followers as the work of the Spirit gathering
in a new harvest of souls. Like Christian Fundamentalists, with
whom they have much in common, Charismatics look forward with
eager expectation to the end of the world when evil will be
destroyed and Christ will return to rule and gather His followers
into glory. Unlike Fundamentalists, however, they believe that
baptism in the Spirit and reception of charismata (gifts) seals one’s
salvation. In addition to offering guidance from outside by way of
the infallible Word of scripture, God as Holy Spirit enters within.
As we noted in the previous chapter, Charismatic Christianity
represents a coming together of the Biblical and Mystical varieties
of the religion.
As well as engendering eager hope and expectation about future
blessedness, Charismatic Christianity offers its followers tangible
blessings in the here and now. Those who receive the Holy Spirit are
ﬁlled with miraculous new powers – to speak in tongues, heal,
prophesy, resist evil, and perform God’s work. In the process
individuals attain a new sense of ‘self’ and personal signiﬁcance.
They may feel empowered to take more responsibility for their own
122

lives as well as those of others. Some may start their own Christian
ministries and set up their own churches. Well-being is also
enhanced through the action of fellow Christians, who may offer
spiritual, emotional, and material support; and membership of a
church often brings beneﬁts of education, health provision,
childcare, and welfare.

Liberation Theology
In academic theology the most inﬂuential manifestation of
the ‘indigenization’ of Christianity in a post-colonial context
was the rise of Liberation Theology in Latin America from
the late 1960s. Liberation Theology accused existing theology of being distorted by the privileged (Western, white,
male) context in which it was produced. To counteract this
bias, it favoured a ‘bias to the poor’, in which theology would
emerge from contexts of struggle and oppression. The
method it proposed was to begin with social analysis and
social action (making use of Marxist tools) and only then
move on to read and interpret the Christian scriptures. This
would result in a theology done by the poor for the poor; and
because their situation had similarities to that in which Jesus
had lived and taught, they would be in a better position to

123

Christianity beyond the West

All these factors help the spread of Christianity in Latin America,
sub-Saharan Africa, and parts of Asia. Here, where traditional
frameworks of life are left behind as individuals travel to the
expanding cities to ﬁnd work in the global capitalist economy,
Christianity helps develop a sense of personal worth independent of
traditional social roles, and strengthens individuals’ resources for
success in the new global capitalist economy. In situations of often
desperate poverty and inadequate healthcare, it offers tangible
support and material aid and, when all else fails, it offers a miracle.

interpret his words than Western academics. Liberation
Theology was criticized by Pope John Paul II for being too
sympathetic to Marxism, and by others for claiming to be a
grassroots movement when in fact it was led ‘from above’ by
academics, priests, and nuns. It inspired ‘base communities’
of Catholic Christians committed to doing theology together,
and to bearing witness to God’s Kingdom by way of
appropriate forms of political engagement.

Christianity

The globalization of Christianity
While turn-of-the-millennium Christianity declines in much of
the West, it thrives in much of the South. It is estimated that
Charismatic Christianity may involve around half a billion people,
the vast majority of them located in the southern hemisphere. Some
older indigenous and colonial churches are also doing well, not least
because of their readiness to adopt elements of the Charismatic
spirit. This means that for the ﬁrst time there are now roughly as
many Christians in the southern hemisphere as in the northern
(around one billion in each). Since numbers in the South are still
growing fast, due to high population growth as well as conversion,
whilst those in the North are shrinking, the numerical centre of
gravity of Christianity is shifting. Christianity has become a more
global religion than ever before, and the long-established
dominance of the Western churches can no longer be taken
for granted.
A shift in the numerical centre of gravity of Christianity does not,
however, inevitably mean a shift in the locus of control. In the case
of the Roman Catholic Church, for example, which remains the
largest Christian denomination (accounting for around 42% of
Christian adherents in 2000), the existing leadership has actively
embraced the globalization of the church. More than any previous
124

This is not to deny that the South may play an increasingly
important role in shaping Christianity, even in determining the
policy of the Western churches. Already it is evident that the
growing conservatism of the churches in the West that was noted in
the previous chapter is starting to be reinforced by antagonism
towards Western ‘secular liberalism’ on the part of many
churches in the South. Opposition to homosexual activity within
the Anglican and Catholic churches, for example, has been
strengthened by opposition on the part of African bishops in both
denominations. Like Islam, Christianity may be in the process of
becoming a global force of resistance to some of the dominant
values of late modern Western culture. As in Islam, the liberal
wing of the religion suffers a crisis of conﬁdence in the face of the
growing forces of conservatism. In both, post-colonial hostility to
Western dominance may ally itself with intra-Western dislike of
modern, subjectivized culture – often taking issues of sexual
morality as a focus. Unlike Islam, however, Christianity is more
likely to launch its challenge by way of personal witness and
lobbying than by direct political action.

125

Christianity beyond the West

Pope, John Paul II (1920- ) became a global leader, travelling
regularly to every part of the globe and working tirelessly to
maintain the unity of the faithful during a period of rapid change.
Whilst defending a conservative morality in the sphere of private
life and sexual ethics, he built on the liberalizing work of Vatican II
in relation to political life, carving out a new role for the papacy and
the Roman Catholic Church as a defender of human dignity and
human rights. Non-Western bishops and clergy now play a full role
in the Catholic Church, and ‘enculturation’ (the incorporation of
elements of indigenous culture into Christian thought and worship)
has been actively encouraged. Yet Rome remains the centre of
Catholicism, its leadership unchallenged. And the globalization of
the Catholic Church takes place not just from grassroots – as in the
case of Charismatic Christianity – but under the guidance of clerical
authority, an authority that is ultimately accountable to the Pope.

Conclusion

Christianity

The geographic proﬁle of Christianity has changed signiﬁcantly
over 2,000 years. In the very broadest terms, one could say that
Christianity’s centre of gravity in the ﬁrst millennium lay in the
eastern Mediterranean region and that it shifted west and north
(to Europe and Russia) in the medieval period. Despite missionary
success in parts of the southern hemisphere, ﬁrst Latin America
then parts of sub-Saharan Africa and Asia, the Christian centre of
gravity remained in the West and North (Europe, North America,
Russia) right through to the 20th century. Only at the very end of
that century did the growth of Christianity in the South begin to
bring about a shift that established a more truly global proﬁle than
ever before. (Nevertheless, there are large parts of the globe where
Christianity still has minimal support – even though there is now
some Christian presence in every nation in the world.)
Taking this chapter together with the last, a pattern seems to have
become evident in the last few decades: decline of Christianity in
more afﬂuent societies, and growth in poorer parts of the world (it is
estimated, for example, that 82% of Charismatics live in poverty,
and analysis of the World Values Surveys ﬁnds that Nigeria,
Uganda, the Philippines, and Zimbabwe are amongst the most
religious countries in the world). Though it would be too simple to
assume a straightforward link between poverty and Christian
success, we have noted some lines of connection. Afﬂuent late
capitalist societies in the West encourage people to be self-reliant,
creative, ‘individual’, ‘enterprising’, risk-taking, and concerned with
personal well-being (material security makes this possible, and
consumption- and service-based economies put a premium on
such qualities). The impact on churches that demand conformity
to the ‘higher’ authority of a transcendent God – rather than the
cultivation of one’s unique life – is negative. In poorer countries,
by contrast, there is far less scope for people to turn their backs on
social and ethical frameworks of support in order to cultivate their
unique lives, and they are more likely to be involved in industries
126

that put a premium on reliability and obedience rather than
innovation and creativity. Here religion that demands conformity
to higher authority ﬁts much better with the shape of life.
Nevertheless, as global capitalism and democratic ideals extend
their reach into every part of the world, so the demand for personal
empowerment grows – and Christianity succeeds best where it
combines the directives of power from on high with the promise of
a sacred power that enters directly into subjective-life.

Christianity beyond the West

127

Chapter 7
A woman’s religion?

The preceding chapters have made passing reference to the
prominent place of women in Christian history. We have
noted their presence in the earliest Christian communities, in
movements of mystical and monastic piety, in the upheavals
of Reformation, in modern missionary work. In the
contemporary West women outnumber men by a ratio of
three to two in most churches, and though there is little
research on this topic, the ratio may be similar in the southern
hemisphere.
Our ﬁnal task in exploring Christian success and failure is to
investigate the religion’s appeal to the different sexes. The
most pressing task is to explain why women appear to be
more numerous and more active in the churches whenever
and wherever we have hard evidence about such matters.
Were we looking at something like goddess spirituality, where
women are directly empowered through the invocation of a female
divine, the issue would not be so puzzling. But Christianity has
traditionally excluded women from positions of power, and often
places more emphasis on the connections between divinity and
masculinity than divinity and femininity. So in fact we must deal
with two questions: not only ‘why so many women?’, but also ‘why
not more men’?

128

The attraction for men
Nowhere in the Bible is it clearly and unambiguously stated that
women and men are of equal dignity and worth, that women should
never be treated as men’s inferiors, that the domination of one sex
by the other is a sin, or that the divine takes female form. The
closest the New Testament comes to any such statements is in
Galatians, where Paul writes, ‘There is no longer Jew or Greek,
there is no longer slave or free, there is no longer male and female;
for you are all one in Christ Jesus’. In I Corinthians, however, Paul
explains that women should be veiled in church to signal their
subordination to men because ‘the head of every man is Christ, and
the head of a woman is her husband’, and that ‘women should keep
silence in the churches. For they are not permitted to speak, but
should be subordinate, as even the law says.’

Though the Christian God is sometimes said to be sexless or ‘above
gender’, both the language and the images used to depict Him are
overwhelmingly masculine. As we have seen in Chapter 2, He is
often depicted by way of the symbols of the highest masculine
authority: throne, crown, sceptre, robes, beard. ‘He’ is Father and
Son, King, Judge, Lord, and Master. A hierarchical relation between
the sexes is built into the hierarchical scheme that lies at the heart of
129

A woman’s religion?

Paul’s statements exemplify a pattern in Christianity of all varieties.
On the one hand, egalitarian statements are backed up in practice
by equal access for both sexes to the church’s key rituals and
sacraments, scriptures, and the promise of salvation. But on the
other hand the egalitarian emphasis is contradicted by a symbolic
framework that elevates the male over the female, and by
organizational arrangements that make masculine domination a
reality in church life. Theological statements on the position of
women from down the centuries testify not only to the assumption
that it is men who have the authority to deﬁne women, but to the
precautions that have been taken to ensure that women do not
claim too much real equality with men – in this life at least.

Extracts from theological reﬂection on the
position of women
Woman will be saved through bearing children, if she
continues in faith and love and holiness, with modesty.
(I Timothy)
The rule remains with the husband, and the wife is
compelled to obey him by God’s command. He rules
the home and the state, wages wars, and defends his
possessions . . . The woman, on the other hand, is like
a nail driven into the wall. She sits at home . . . She
does not go beyond her most personal duties.
Christianity

(Luther, Lectures)
Properly speaking, the business of woman, her task
and function, is to actualize the fellowship in which
man can only precede her, stimulating, leading,
inspiring.
(Karl Barth, Church Dogmatics)
The present reﬂections, now at an end, have sought to
recognize, within the ‘gift of God’, what he, as Creator
and Redeemer, entrusts to women, to every woman. In
the Spirit of Christ, in fact, women can discover the
entire meaning of their femininity and thus be disposed to making a ‘sincere gift of self’ to others,
thereby ﬁnding themselves.
(Pope John Paul II, Mulieris Dignitatem)

130

a Christianity of higher power. If the Christian God were truly
sexless or above gender, it would be permissible to conceive ‘Her’ in
female as well as in male terms. In actual fact, however, the whole
logic of Christianity renders such representation difﬁcult and
unusual. Julian of Norwich is famous for speaking of Jesus as ‘our
mother’, and for stressing his nurturing characteristics, but this is
part and parcel of her highly unusual theological stance which
claims that in God ‘there is no wrath at all’. Recent attempts to
introduce feminine pronouns and imagery into liturgical worship
have been conﬁned to Liberal or Mystical forms of Christianity, and
have proved highly controversial.

131

A woman’s religion?

A masculine bias is also evident in Christian understandings and
representations of ‘man’ (humanity). One of the most inﬂuential
images in the Christian repertoire is that of God creating human
beings, when Adam is created ﬁrst and Eve is taken from his side
(following the account in Genesis 2; see Figs 23 and 24). An obvious
implication is that whereas man is made directly in God’s image,
woman is a secondary and dependent creation – and that the image
of God shines more brightly in the former than the latter. This
interpretation is reinforced by the observation that Eve succumbed
to sin before Adam. Many drew the natural conclusion that if
woman is to be saved she must discipline her body and her bodily
appetites more harshly than a man, since it is these appetites that
brought about the Fall of the human race, and her sex that separates
her from the sacred. The importance of virtues like humility,
obedience, and chastity tend to be emphasized for Christian women
more than Christian men. The ultimate aim may be the destruction
of the female body, so that a sexless but ‘manly’ spirit may ﬂoat free.
In early Christianity women who attained the same spiritual heights
as men (through martyrdom, for example), were frequently spoken
of as ‘female men of God’ who had ‘became male’. The imagery of
‘putting on Christ’, ‘becoming part of the body of Christ’, and
becoming ‘sons by adoption’ reinforced the idea that salvation for
women consisted in subduing or destroying their sex in order to
replace it with something of higher value. For men, by contrast,

23 and 24. Creation of Adam and Eve by Michelangelo (Sistine Chapel, 1508–12). The dignity
of Adam’s creation, in which God brings forth a being made in His image, stands in contrast to
the creation of Eve, who steps out of Adam’s side stooping and cowed, facing a God very
different from herself.

The idea of a natural connection between masculinity and divinity
is reinforced by the institution of male priesthood – and vice versa.
As we saw in Chapter 3, Church Christianity located the sacred in
material sacraments, but insisted that only men could consecrate,
handle, and distribute them. This extraordinary privilege was
justiﬁed in terms of analogy between God the Father and the
priestly ‘father’, a man’s greater ability to represent Jesus Christ,
and apostolic succession from a male saviour through an exclusively
male line.
The image of God as Father played a particularly important role in
shaping Christian life and society. We have noted how, rather than
speak of their dominating power, Christian leaders often preferred
to represent themselves as exercising paternal care over their
‘children’: the priestly ‘father’ over his parish, the ‘abbot’
(abba = father) over his monastery, the pope (papa = father) over
133

A woman’s religion?

salvation consisted in perfecting the divine nature in whose image
they are created from the outset.

The female man of God
Even in them that are women in body, the manliness of
their souls hides the sex of their ﬂesh.
(Augustine, sermon)
Although she was an insigniﬁcant, weak and despised
woman, yet she was clothed with the great and
invincible athlete Christ.
(2nd-century account of the martydrom of Blandina)
No, you are all women, but I am a man.
(Response of a 17th-century woman Quaker
Christianity

when rebuked by men for preaching)

the church and society. Such language not only excludes women
from the exercise of such roles, but appropriates to men the roles of
care and compassion in their ‘highest’ manifestation. When new
and potentially lucrative economic roles opened up to women in the
late medieval period, the Protestant Reformers made full use of the
rhetoric of fatherhood to exclude them not only from ecclesiastical
ofﬁce but from paid employment and civil power, and to conﬁne
them to the home. They taught that just as the heavenly Father
ruled over His people, so the earthly father had a duty of care and
command over wife, children, servants, and other members of the
household. If household members disobey they must be punished
by fathers for their own good – by force if necessary.
All of which makes it easy to explain the attraction of Christianity to
men simply in terms of male self-interest. Christianity beneﬁts men
by setting male self-identity on the strongest possible foundation:
the image of man is reﬂected back from God himself. Men also
beneﬁt from the way in which the Christian symbolic framework
134

If men really have so much to gain from Christianity, however, why
have they not been more active and numerous in the religion? An
obvious answer is that Christianity can support masculine
domination without requiring that all men be regular or active
churchgoers. Indeed, it is more important that women attend
church and absorb the Christian message than men do. An
additional answer is that the men who are most active in the church
are often those who have some ofﬁce and status there (whether as
church warden, altar boy, priest, theologian or bishop). Since
Christianity cannot offer rewarding roles to all men, many see no
obvious reason to get involved. Sitting passively in the pew and
being preached to does not necessarily appeal to those who are used
to more active and vocal roles in society, especially when the
message being preached has to do with the importance of humility,
weakness, submission, and self-sacriﬁcial love.
It is likely, then, that men ﬁnd some aspects of Christianity difﬁcult,
unappealing, or restrictive. Even though the religion confers
obvious beneﬁts on the male sex, it exacts a price. Though
135

A woman’s religion?

helps the male sex secure a dominant place in society as a whole.
It does this not only by legitimating masculine domination, but
by de-legitimating female resistance. In addition, Christianity
exercises a direct appeal by offering men attractive roles within
church life. By limiting these roles to the few – the ordained clergy –
Christianity ensured that they would be more prestigious and well
rewarded. In recent times the standing of the clergy has fallen in the
West, chieﬂy because there are now so many other lucrative
openings available to members of afﬂuent societies. But in previous
centuries power and status were reserved for the very few – those
whose birth or military prowess enabled them to maintain
ownership of scarce resources, chieﬂy land. In this context church
and monastery offered the only routes by which talented men
without property could better themselves in social, cultural, and
material terms. The rewards for those who reached the top –
whether as abbot or bishop – could be immense.

Christianity

Christianity endorses male power, it cautions that it must be
exercised in a ‘fatherly’ way by serving God and others rather than
the self (the pope, for example, describes himself as a ‘servant of the
servants of God’). Similarly, although male sexuality is rendered
more visible and less problematic in the Christian scheme of things
than female sexuality, it is hardly embraced with wholehearted
enthusiasm. It too has to be exercised in a restrained fashion and in
fulﬁlment of God’s purposes rather than for pleasure and selffulﬁlment. Thus none of the markers of machismo – sexual,
material, physical, and political dominance – are given unequivocal
support in the Christian tradition, whilst the ‘womanly’ virtues of
love, gentleness, obedience, and self-sacriﬁce receive more explicit
endorsement. This, combined with the fact that there are so many
women in the churches, may render Christianity just a little too
feminine for some men to tolerate; the costs may be found to
outweigh the beneﬁts.

The attraction for women
If Christianity seeks in some ways to ‘unman’ males, by the same
token it has much to offer women. Women beneﬁt in two ways: ﬁrst,
by the restraint that appeal to Christian values may place on the
unbridled exercise of male power; and second, by the recognition
and afﬁrmation of the value of typically feminine roles, virtues, and
dispositions.
Even though the New Testament contains no unambiguous
endorsement of female equality, and certainly offers no support to
female dominance, there are hints and glimmers of a ‘kingdom’ in
which things could be different. Jesus not only ministers amongst
and with women, he teaches that humility, poverty of spirit, and
sincere devotion are more important than worldly power or priestly
status. He speaks of a love whose exercise knows no limits or
distinctions, a love which, as Paul puts it, ‘is patient and kind . . . not
jealous or boastful . . . not arrogant or rude . . . does not insist on its
own way . . . ’. Such a message could inspire and empower those
136

whose daily work and care were often ascribed little economic or
cultural, let alone spiritual, value.

What is more, for much of Christian history the church has been the
only public space that women have been allowed to occupy besides
the home – certainly the only one that wives and daughters might
be allowed to attend independent of husbands and fathers. The
later medieval period saw a ﬂourishing of female piety, still evident
in the rich ﬂowering of feminized art and sculpture that occurred at
that time, in which images of female saints abound. Despite
Protestantism’s hostility to such images, some post-Reformation
churches offered women new opportunities for education, literacy,
and even public ministry. In the 19th century, missionary work and
charitable activities offered women an outlet for energies and
ambitions that would otherwise have been frustrated. Though the
avowed aim of (for example) female-led temperance movements
might be to curb the consumption of alcohol, the deeper concern
was often to bridle men and machismo – male spending, male
137

A woman’s religion?

Christianity could also offer women congenial social space. In
theory at least, the church community is bound only by ties of love –
love for one another and for the God whose Son gives His life for
His church. The resonance with the ethos of the family is striking,
and it is no coincidence that the image of the family should be so
central to ecclesiastical self-understanding (the church as the
‘family of God’). Though this image could be used to reinforce the
rule of fathers, it could also have profound signiﬁcance for those
whose daily lives were taken up with the unrewarded tasks of
loving, caring, and sacriﬁcing for others. Women with children have
much to gain from an institution like the church that supports the
family, exalts the domestic role, offers support and companionship
in the task of rearing and educating children, and, once children
have left home, can ﬁnd other caring roles for women to perform. In
any case, women seem more inclined than men to join a community
for the good of community and relationship alone, irrespective of
any other roles or privileges that membership might bring.

Christianity

sexuality, and male violence. Even though it could not be made
explicit, such organizations sometimes harboured elements of a
feminist agenda. Churchmen might have become worried about
such activities, but it was hard to control women who claimed to be
carrying out the injunctions of Christ. Though the scriptures had
more often been used to justify male control of women, it was
possible for the tables to be turned.
But even if Christianity can attract women by afﬁrming feminine
virtue and providing congenial social space and tools of resistance
to masculine domination, does not its close association of
masculinity and divinity have the opposite effect? Not necessarily.
In fact, women may be more attracted to the worship of a male God
and saviour than men, and the reason is not hard to see. If society
encourages women to love, serve, obey, and even worship men, then
it is not difﬁcult to transfer such attitudes to a male God – or for
devotion to a male God to reinforce such behaviours. Indeed, in so
far as society reinforces heterosexuality, it is much more natural for
a woman to offer intense, emotional devotion to a male deity than
for a man to do the same. Whilst men may have no difﬁculty in
bowing down before the power, majesty, and fatherly authority of
God, they are less likely than women to ‘give their hearts to Jesus’ or
enter into an intense, emotional relationship with him. We noted
the development of romantic, erotic forms of mystical piety in
earlier chapters. ‘Brides of Christ’ would surrender to Christ the
heavenly bridegroom and feel themselves melting into him.
Such imagery is not conﬁned to the past. In many Biblical and
Charismatic Christian circles today women still engage in romance
with Christ, and still afﬁrm – to quote one Evangelical ‘bride’ – that
‘Jesus alone understands me, forgives me and loves me’.
Such erotic piety may have different social and personal
implications. It may reinforce patriarchal norms and encourage
women to accept forms of male domination to which they would
not otherwise be willing to submit. It may offer women a means of
coping with such domination, but prevent them from questioning
138

25. Vision of the Sacred Heart of Jesus by Antonio Ciseri (Church of
Sacro Cuore, Florence, 1880). Mary Margaret Alacoque (1647–90),
depicted here, was the ﬁrst to receive a vision of the Sacred Heart of
Jesus. By the 19th century, statues and pictures of the Sacred Heart
could be found in many Roman Catholic churches, homes, and schools.
They have been particularly important in female devotion.

Christianity

the social order of which it is a part. Or it may equip them with an
effective means of resisting male domination and constructing
different social arrangements. In Catholicism, for example, ‘brides
of Christ’ could – and still can – escape earthly marriage altogether
by entering a convent where they gather with like-minded women
and may attain considerable independence from men.
In the context of patriarchal societies, Christianity may therefore
appeal to women because of its masculine bias, rather than in spite
of it. Christianity may have much to offer women who wish to turn
their backs on power and embrace the virtues of love, humility,
powerlessness, and self-sacriﬁce. But it also has a considerable
amount to offer those who want some share in such power. For if
power is concentrated in a male God and His church, there is much
more to be gained by joining it than by rejecting it. Not only could
Christian women claim the protection of the Almighty Father God,
they could also enter into a relationship with Him that was every bit
as close and intense as that enjoyed by a man. By such means a
handful of women in Christian history have claimed the right to do
theology, to speak for themselves, even to command kings and
popes; in the societies in which they lived it is hard to imagine any
other route by which they could have done so.

The contemporary situation
Christianity can no longer take male domination for granted, for the
societies in which it is situated have been changing – particularly in
the West. Of the several unprecedented changes that took place in
advanced industrial societies in the last quarter of the 20th century,
the move towards gender equality has been one of the most
signiﬁcant. Whilst genuine equality remains an elusive ideal, as an
ideal at least it is now widely accepted. A recent survey of cultural
values worldwide indicates that such acceptance is now the single
most important cultural item separating afﬂuent Western societies
from less economically developed countries in the rest of the world.
The difference can be traced back not only to cultural and
140

educational differences, but to the much greater scarcity of
resources outside the West. Where money and jobs are in short
supply, men have always been more likely to try to preserve a
monopoly than when they have nothing to lose by allowing women
(relatively) free access to the labour market.

The rift between Christianity and feminism was exacerbated not so
much by the churches’ opposition to the cause, but by their general
indifference. Even churches that supported the emancipation of
slaves, the amelioration of the condition of the industrial working
class, and the civil rights movement of the 1960s often failed to give
similar support to the cause of women’s liberation. So far as their
own institutional life was concerned, a few of the more liberal
Biblical and Mystical churches supported women’s ministry as early
as the late 19th century, but Church Christianity and conservative
Biblical Christianity opposed the ordination of women with vigour.
The Roman Catholic and Orthodox churches still refuse even to
discuss the possibility of women’s ordination.
An obvious consequence of the churches’ continuing failure to
support gender equality – in practice if not in theory – is the
141

A woman’s religion?

Of the many threats that Christianity has to face in modern times,
gender equality is one of the most serious, though perhaps the most
underestimated by the churches. The more radical feminists had
Christianity in their sights from the start. When Elizabeth Cady
Stanton (1815–1902) set out to liberate women from their
traditional shackles, for example, one of her ﬁrst projects was a
Woman’s Bible in which the passages used by men to keep women
in subjection were highlighted and critiqued. Although some early
campaigners for female emancipation belonged to the churches,
and though some church-related movements helped nurture
women’s entrance onto the public stage, the campaigners who
embraced the feminist cause most wholeheartedly nearly always
made a break from Church and Biblical Christianity (Mystical
Christianity sometimes proved more compatible with feminism).

Feminist Theology
Feminist Theology developed in the 1970s, hand in hand
with Second Wave Feminism. It represents an attempt to
write theology on the basis of women’s experience, and in so
doing to reform the Christian tradition from within.
The earliest major voice in Feminist Theology also turned
out to be one of the most critical. When she wrote The
Church and the Second Sex in 1968, Mary Daly believed that
the church and theology could be reclaimed and reformed by
feminists. By the time she published Beyond God the Father
in 1973, she had come to the conclusion that Christianity was
Christianity

irredeemably patriarchal. In her later works she developed a
‘Post-Christian’ position which encouraged women to abandon the ‘phallocentric’ world of Christianity and develop
their own authentic forms of spirituality in isolation from
men. As she says in Pure Lust (1984): ‘We do not wish to
be redeemed by a god, to be adopted as sons, or to have
the spirit of a god’s son artiﬁcially injected into our hearts,
crying ‘‘father’’.’
A second major contributor to Feminist Theology, Rosemary
Radford Ruether, has also written about the importance of
women retreating into ‘womanchurch’ and creating their
own rituals, prayers, and theologies. But Ruether has never
abandoned her ultimate aim, which is to reform Christianity
by calling it back to what she views as the prophetic, egalitarian mission and message of Jesus. In Sexism and God-Talk
(1983) she argues that:

142

The uniqueness of feminist theology lies not in its use of the
criterion of experience but rather in its use of women’s
experience, which has been almost entirely shut out of theological reﬂection in the past. The use of women’s experience in
feminist theology, therefore, explodes as a critical force,
exposing classical theology . . . as based on male experience
rather than on universal human experience.

Here and in later works Ruether argues that the integration
of women’s experience into Christianity will result in a
rather different religion in which ‘God/ess’ will be more
feminized and more immanent, in which self-afﬁrmation and
development will be emphasized as much as sinfulness, and
abandoned in favour of a celebration of life in its wholeness
here and now.

alienation of women and men sympathetic to the ideal. This is not
to say that huge numbers of women leave the churches in a
conscious act of protest, but that one of the reasons that each
successive generation since the 1960s has been less likely to attend
than the one before may be that many women and men are no
longer in sympathy with the churches’ implicit or explicit
messages about gender roles. Women who refuse to submit to
male authority may struggle with a religion that has male clergy, a
male God, and a male saviour; and women who want a career on
equal terms with men may be alienated by churches that privilege
women’s domestic roles. They may abandon Christianity
altogether, try to reform it, or ﬁnd themselves attracted to the new
holistic forms of spirituality that tend to be run by women for
women and which offer direct beneﬁt in terms of personal
empowerment.
143

A woman’s religion?

in which egocentric dreams of post-mortem existence will be

Christianity

But this cannot be the whole story, for despite women’s defection
from the churches (the single most important direct cause of
congregational decline), they continue to attend in larger
numbers than men. For some, it would seem, the traditional
attractions of Christianity remain, not least its ability to afﬁrm
women’s domestic roles and offer support to family life. Large
numbers of women continue to enjoy the satisfactions of an
intense relationship with Jesus Christ. Others, particularly in
some of the more liberal and mystical forms of Christianity, are
experimenting with new forms of spirituality that require less by
way of female submission. Some women have been admitted to
positions of authority in the church, and a handful have even
become bishops.
In the southern hemisphere the story is different again, for here
the number of women in the churches is growing rather than
declining, and women play a signiﬁcant rule in Christianity’s
recent growth. Although a traditional message about male
headship is more common than in the West, masculine authority
is tempered in Charismatic Christianity by the presence of the
Holy Spirit. Not only can the Spirit be represented in feminine
terms as gentle, ﬂowing, loving, and nurturing, it also offers
direct empowerment to all who admit it into their lives,
irrespective of their sex. Far from remaining external,
commanding, and forbidding, God as Spirit enters into the
most intimate relationship with the believer, empowering
from within. Rather than imposing its will from above, the
Spirit works through individual lives, bodies, and personalities,
conferring authority as it does so. Lest the empowered overreach
themselves, however, the Spirit is checked by the Word. That which
is contrary to scripture – and thus to male headship – may be
condemned as the work of evil spirits rather than the Spirit of God.
Given lack of support for gender equality in many of the poorer
countries of the world, this message supports a wider social
consensus.

144

Conclusion

The shift towards gender equality in modern Western societies
poses a serious threat to traditional Christian imagery, teaching,
and organization. For men, Christianity’s role in reinforcing
masculine domination becomes less relevant, whilst for women its
usefulness as a way of gaining access to male power and subverting
it from within becomes less important. As women as well as men
come to place greater authority on the value of their own unique
subjective-lives, they become more resistant to the ready-made
roles into which the church would have them ﬁt – however highly
exalted. Outside the West, however, where full gender equality wins
far less support, Christianity’s delicate balancing act continues to
prove effective. One might say that Christianity is most successful as
a ‘woman’s religion’ when it ﬁnds itself in a ‘man’s world’ – a world it
helps to reinforce, whilst ameliorating its excesses.

145

A woman’s religion?

The success of Christianity across the centuries may lie, in part, in
the delicate balance it has managed to maintain between male and
female interests. While supporting the former, it has also made
signiﬁcant concessions to the latter. While afﬁrming masculine
domination, it has tempered and qualiﬁed it by emphasizing the
importance of the gentler, more loving, more feminine virtues.
While presenting a rhetoric of egalitarianism, it has ensured that
male privilege has been ﬁrmly embedded in its own life. In this
way it has been able to uphold patriarchal arrangements, whilst
subjecting them to critique and control. Equally, it has managed to
afﬁrm women and appeal to them, without encouraging them to
rebel against their masters. By appealing to greater numbers of
women than to men, but in retaining and supporting male control,
it may have achieved the best possible outcome in the maledominated societies of which it has been an integral part.

This page intentionally left blank

Conclusion

This book has attempted to proﬁle some of the main types and
characteristics of Christianity, and to indicate how they have
contributed to its growth and decline at different times and in
different places.
The main thrust of its argument has been that Christianity
developed an early preference for power from on high, particularly
the power of ‘fathers’, which was strengthened through alliance with
political regimes and social orders that shared this preference. This
orientation served the religion well, not only by fostering strong and
unifying forms of internal organization, but by helping secure the
support of secular power. Not that this preference was simply
pragmatic: it was based on attraction to the unique ﬁgure of the
God-man, Jesus Christ, interpreted as the only Son of a loving
Father God who dwells in the heavens and creates and controls
all things. By acknowledging the power of this God, and offering
Him praise and reverence, the believer could be assured of His
protection and fatherly care, and be inspired by His Spirit of love.
Thus the dominant trend in Christianity became one that submits
itself to higher power, and which strives to bring life into conformity
with a transcendent standard that both inspires and judges. For
Church Christianity such power is chieﬂy displayed in the
sacramental life of the church; for Biblical Christianity in the
147

Christianity

teachings of holy scripture. This orientation tends to denigrate the
human, with its ‘sinful’ impulses and desires, and to exalt the divine.
Salvation consists in allowing the latter to overrule the former. By
contrast, Mystical Christianity identiﬁes sacred power not only with
power from above, but with a power that comes from within. Here
God is not just Father and Son but Holy Spirit – the animating
principle of life. As such, the divine enters directly into the hearts of
men and women, diminishing or even closing the distance between
the human and the godly in the process. We have also noted,
however, that in practice the three ‘ideal types’ can overlap, most
notably when Church or Biblical Christianity incorporate elements
of Mystical Christianity.
Whereas the appeal of Church and Biblical Christianity lies in their
ability to provide the believer with an objective, external source of
meaning, protection, and power, the appeal of a fully inward form
of Mystical Christianity lies in its ability to enhance, empower, and
validate one’s own unique subjective-life. In practice, however, a
mysticism which closes the gap between the divine and the human –
and brings power wholly within – has been rare and marginal
within Christianity. Although we have noted instances when the
mystical tendency has ﬂoated free in Christianity, we have seen that
it is more common for it to shelter within the embrace of Church
Christianity or Biblical Christianity. With regard to the former, we
noted the rise of a sacramental mysticism in which the individual
must destroy their own inner life in order to make way for Christ
(taken within by way of the Eucharistic sacrament); and with
regard to the latter, we have traced the rise of Charismatic and
Charismatic-Evangelical forms of Christianity in which God’s
(external) Word remains authoritative, but is supplemented by the
(inner) gift of the Holy Spirit.
The latter combination of Biblical and Mystical Christianity has
been the most successful of all forms of Christianity in the late 20th
century, and the success of Charismatic Christianity worldwide has
just about compensated for serious decline in other varieties of
148

Elsewhere in the world, we see a rather different picture. In Latin
America, sub-Saharan Africa, parts of Asia, and some former
Communist lands, Christianity has experienced signiﬁcant growth
in recent decades, with Charismatic forms of Christianity
generally faring best. The combination of Biblical and Mystical
themes seems to offer ‘the best of both worlds’ to individuals and
societies who are able to gaze on the afﬂuence of the West and
work within the global capitalist economy, but who are unable to
participate fully in their rewards. On the one hand, such
Christianity continues to offer power and authority from on high:
the power of a God who will protect and save in this life and the
next, the authority of a Biblical teaching that provides clear
meaning, support, and guidance. On the other hand, it does not
simply call for submission to external authority, but offers
149

Conclusion

Christianity. The greatest decline has been experienced by Church
Christianity in the West, particularly since the 1960s. The
liberalization of the latter helped it survive the challenges of ‘ﬁrst
modernity’ and make a major contribution to Western society and
culture, but proved insufﬁcient to help it cope with the threat posed
by ‘second modernity’. Whereas Liberal Church Christianity was
able to lend its support to ﬁrst modernity’s celebration of human
reason and human dignity (both external, objective values that can
be ‘preached’), it has found second modernity’s emphasis on the
importance of individuals (men and women) pursuing their own
unique life-paths on the basis of their own deepest convictions,
experiences, and intuitions far less agreeable. By contrast,
Biblical Christianity has managed to accommodate the turn to
subjective-life by emphasizing the experiential satisfactions of
being ‘born again’ in the Holy Spirit. But even such Charismatic
subjectivism has failed to appeal widely in the West, where its
insistence upon the external authority of the Word of God has
proved uncongenial to those who prefer to seek the sacred in their
own ways and on their own terms. The latter may turn to new forms
of ‘holistic’ spirituality which promise to enhance subjective-life,
or may abandon the sacred altogether.

individual empowerment from within by way of the gift of the
Holy Spirit.

Christianity

Looking to the future, we are likely to see a continuing decline in
support for Christianity in the West, so long as a majority continue
to embrace the turn to subjective-life. For those who do not,
particularly those who value ‘traditional’ forms of community and
family life, Christianity may continue to serve as a cultural
alternative. In less afﬂuent parts of the world, by contrast,
Christianity is likely to enjoy continuing success – unless such
countries begin to develop their own versions of a turn to
subjective-life. In the meantime, Christianity does best where it is
able to combine its longstanding support for higher power with the
offer of sacred power ﬂowing in and through one’s own life and
experience.

150

Source material

Statisﬁed information cited in this book is derived from:
1.

2.
3.

4.

5.

My own research in Kendal, Cumbria, with Paul Heelas and others.
See Paul Heelas and Linda Woodhead, The Spiritual Revolution:
Why Religion is Giving way to Spirituality (Oxford 2003).
David Barrett, George Kurian, and Todd Johnson, World Christian
Encyclopedia, 2nd edn (New York, 2001).
The statistical surveys and publications of Peter Brierley. See, for
example: Peter Brierley The Tide is Running Out: What the English
Church Attendance Survey Reveals (London: Christian Research,
2000); Peter Brierley (ed.) UK Christian Handbook: Religious
Trends 3 (2002–2003) (London: Christian Research, 2001).
Research in the USA by Mark Chaves, and, Kirk Hadaway, Penny
Marler. See, for example: Kirk Hadaway, Penny Marler, and Mark
Chaves, ‘What the polls don’t show: a closer look at US church
attendance’, American Sociological Review (1993) 58: 741–52;
Penny Marler and Kirk Hadaway, ‘Attendance’, in Contemporary
American Religion, vol. 1, Wade Clark Roof (ed.) (New York, 2000),
pp. 40–2.
Ronald Inglehart and Pippa Norris, Rising Tide: Gender Equality
and Cultural Change Around the World (Cambridge, 2003).

151

Further reading

General
For a fuller treatment of themes touched on in this book, see:
Linda Woodhead, An Introduction to Christianity (Cambridge,
2004)
Paul Heelas and Linda Woodhead, The Spiritual Revolution: Why
Religion is Giving Way to Spirituality (Oxford, 2005)

Chapter 1
The historical Jesus
E. P. Sanders, The Historical Figure of Jesus (London, 1993)
Dominic Crossan, Jesus: A Revolutionary Biography (San
Francisco, 1995)
New Testament images of Jesus
Paula Friedrikson, From Jesus to Christ: The Origins of the New
Testament Images of Jesus (Yale, 1988)
Earliest Christianity
Walter Bauer, Orthodoxy and Heresy in Earliest Christianity
(Philadelphia, 1971)

Chapter 2
Augustine
Peter Brown, Augustine of Hippo: A Biography (London,
1967)
152

Jesus in art and history
Gabriele Finaldi (ed.), The Image of Christ (Yale, 2000)
Jaroslav Pelikan, Jesus Through the Centuries: His Place in the History
of Culture (Yale, 1999)
The culture of Christianity
Geoffrey Barraclough (ed.), The Christian World: A Social and Cultural
History (London, 2003)
Christian worship
James F. White, A Brief History of Christian Worship (Abingdon,
1993)

Chapter 3

The rise of Christendom
Judith Herrin, The Formation of Christendom (Princeton, 1989)
Peter Brown, The Rise of Western Christendom: Triumph and Diversity
AD 200–1000 (Malden, 1996)
Medieval Christianity
R. W. Southern, Western Society and the Church in the Middle Ages
(Penguin History of the Church) (Harmondsworth, 1990)
Jacques Le Goff, Medieval Civilization 400–1500 (Oxford, 1988)
Medieval theology
Jaroslav Pelikan, The Growth of Medieval Theology (600–1300)
(Chicago, 1978)
Protestant Reformation
Patrick Collinson, The Reformation (London, 2003)
Diarmaid MacCulloch, Reformation: Europe’s House Divided
1490–1700 (London, 2003)
153

Further reading

Christianity and empire
Ramsey MacMullen, Christianizing the Roman Empire (Yale,
1984)

Catholic Reformation
Michael Mullett, The Catholic Reformation (London, 1999)
Early asceticism and monasticism
Peter Brown, The Body and Society: Men, Women and Sexual
Renunciation in Early Christianity (London, 1990)
Western monasticism
C. H. Lawrence, Medieval Monasticism: Forms of Religious Life in
Western Europe in the Middle Ages (London, 2000)

Christianity

Mysticism: East and West
Bernard McGinn and John Meyendorff (eds) Christian Spirituality,
two volumes (London, 1985; 1987)
Protestant radicalism
George H. Williams, The Radical Reformation (Philadelphia,
1962)

Chapter 5
Confessional Christianity
Felipe Fernández-Armesto and Derek Wilson, Reformation:
Christianity and the World, 1500–2000 (London,
1996)
Christianity and the French Revolution
John McManners, The French Revolution and the Church (London,
1969)
Christianity in America
Sydney E. Ahlstrom, A Religious History of the American People (Yale,
1972)
Fundamentalism and evangelicalism
George Marsden, Understanding Fundamentalism and Evangelicalism
(Grand Rapids, 1991)
154

Christianity in the modern West
Hugh McLeod, Religion and the People of Western Europe 1789–1990
(Oxford, 1997)
Modern theology
David Ford (ed.), The Modern Theologians (Oxford, 1997)

Chapter 6
The global history of Christianity
Adrian Hastings (ed.), A World History of Christianity (London,
2000)

Orthodox theology
Jaroslav Pelikan, The Spirit of Eastern Christendom (600–1700)
(Chicago, 1974)
Mission
Andrew Walls, The Missionary Movement in Christian History: Studies
in the Transmission of Faith (Edinburgh, 1996)
Charismatic upsurge
David Martin, Pentecostalism: The World their Parish (Oxford,
2001)

Chapter 7
Women in Christian thought
Elizabeth A. Clark, Women and Religion: The Original Sourcebook of
Women in Christian Thought (San Francisco, 1997)
155

Further reading

The Orthodox Church
J. M. Hussey, The Orthodox Church in the Byzantine Empire (Oxford,
1990)
Stephen Runciman, The Orthodox Churches and the Secular State
(London, 1971)
Jane Ellis, The Russian Orthodox Church: A Contemporary History
(London, 1986)

Women in medieval Christianity
Eileen Power, Medieval Women (Cambridge, 1975)
Caroline Walker Bynum, Jesus as Mother: Studies in the Spirituality of
the High Middle Ages (Berkeley, 1982)
Women in post-Reformation Christianity
Merry E. Wiesner-Hanks, Christianity and Sexuality in the Early
Modern World (London, 2000)

Christianity

Men and Christianity
Andrew Bradstock et al., Masculinity and Spirituality in Victorian
Culture (MacMillan, 2000)
Richard A. Schoenherr and David Yamane, Goodbye Father: The
Celibate Male Priesthood and the Future of the Catholic Church
(Oxford, 2002)

156

Chronology

Jesus
Paul’s letters
New Testament gospels
Anthony enters the desert; beginnings of
monasticism
Constantine’s Edict of Milan
Council of Nicaea
Augustine of Hippo
Council of Chalcedon
Secession of Nestorian and Monophysite churches
Benedict’s Rule
Maximus the Confessor
Charlemagne crowned Emperor by Pope Leo III
Simeon the New Theologian
Baptism of Vladimir, Prince of Kiev:
‘conversion of Russia’
Founding of mendicant orders
Thomas Aquinas
Gregory Palamas
Condemnation of beguines at Council of Vienne
Fall of Constantinople
Pope Alexander VI divides newly discovered lands
in Central and South America between Spain and
Portugal
157

c. 4 bce–c. 30 ce
c. 30–c. 60 ce
c. 60–120 ce
c. 270 ce
313 ce
325 ce
354–430 ce
451 ce
483–91 ce
c. 540 ce
580–662 ce
800 ce
949–1022 ce
989 ce
1209–16 ce
c. 1225–74 ce
1296–1359 ce
1311–13 ce
1453 ce

1493 ce

Christianity

Martin Luther
John Calvin
Luther excommunicated; Protestant Christianity
begins to take shape
Henry VIII takes control of the new ‘Church of
England’
Council of Trent
Russia becomes a Patriarchate
Foundation of the ﬁrst Baptist Church in England
Pilgrim Fathers set sail for America
George Fox organizes the Society of Friends
Conversion of John Wesley, founder of Methodism
Friedrich Schleiermacher
Unitarianism organized in America
Karl Barth
Second Vatican Council
John Paul II elected Pope
Election of ﬁrst woman bishop in Church Christianity
(Barbara Harrison, Episcopal Church)
Total number of Christian adherents reaches
two billion worldwide, with equal numbers in
North and South

158

1483–1546 ce
1509–64 ce
1521 ce
1534 ce
1545–63 ce
1589 ce
1612 ce
1620 ce
1647 ce
1740 ce
1768–1834 ce
1815 ce
1886–1968 ce
1962–5 ce
1978 ce
1988 ce

2000 ce

Index

atheism 91
atonement 38–9
Augustine of Hippo 25, 27
Augustinian canons 83
Augustinism 39, 64, 65, 79, 80
Avignon 62

A
abortion 101
Abraham 16
Acts of the Apostles, Book of 9,
10
Adam and Eve 25, 26, 76,
131–2
adoptionism 17, 20
Africa 110, 118, 119, 123, 127,
149
Alacoque, Mary Margaret 139
Albania 115
Albigensianism 60–1
Allois, Abbot 77
altars 47
American Revolution 93–4
Anabaptists 68
Anglicanism 46, 94, 101, 104
Anthony 78
Antioch 115
apocalypses 15, 86
apocryphal gospels 9, 18–19, 74
apostolic life (via apostolica)
82–3
apostolic succession 49–50,
133
Aquinas, St Thomas 27, 62, 92
Arianism 59
Arius 54–5
Armenian Church 115
Ascension 10, 43
asceticism 76–8, 81, 82
Asia 123, 149
Athanasius of Alexandria
54–5, 78

B
baptism 10, 20, 39–40, 43, 47,
59, 67, 72, 116
Baptist Church 68, 94
Barth, Karl 102, 130
beguines 83, 85
Benedict’s Rule 80, 81
Bible 34, 47, 64, 95, 96, 100,
101–2, 123, 129–33 see
also Old Testament; New
Testament
Biblical Christianity 24, 46,
66–9, 70, 108, 120, 147
conversions 119
decline of some 104–6
feminism and 141
Liberalism and 99–100
Mystical Christianity and
108, 147, 148
in the United States 94, 95,
101
women and 138
biology 96, 98–9
bishops 50, 51, 53, 57, 135, 144
Blake, William 88
Bolshevik Revolution (1917)
114
‘Born again’ Christians 101–3,
148
Brethren of the Free Spirit
movement 85
159

and Liberal Christianity 99
masculine bias 133–5
Mystical Christianity and 74,
77, 80
and mysticism 85, 106
state and 90, 91–2
in the United States 94
churchgoers 95, 96, 97, 100–1,
105, 107, 135, 144
Ciseri, Antonio 139
circumcision 17
Cistercian order 81
clergy see priesthood
codexes 8
colonialization 119–20
Common Prayer, Book of 29
Communism 114
Confession 29, 90
Conﬁrmation 39
Confucianism 110
Congregationalists 94
Constantine, Emperor 52–3,
55, 56, 110
Constantinople 56, 111, 113
conversion 52–3, 59, 116–23,
126
Coptic Church 115
Corinthians 129
creationism 99–100
cruciﬁxion 10, 13, 33, 40, 50
Crusades 115
Cyprus 115
Czech Republic 115

‘Brides of Christ’ 138, 140
Buddhism 110
Bulgaria 112, 114, 115
Bultmann, Rudolph 100
Byzantine Empire 56, 57, 110,
111–13

Christianity

C
Calvin, John 65, 66, 86
canonical gospels 7, 8, 9,
10–14, 22
capitalism 89, 126–7
Carthusians 81
Catharism 60
catholicity 7, 50
Chalcedon, Council of (451)
56
Charismatic Christianity 103,
104, 105, 106, 109, 120–4,
127, 138, 144, 148–9
Charlemagne 58
chastity 51, 131
childrearing 137
China 110, 119
Christ Pantocrator 31, 32
Christendom 58–62, 116
Christian art 30–1, 32–4, 34,
41
Christian calendar 42, 59
Christian Fundamentalists 123
Christian values 96, 99, 101
Christmas 42, 59
Church Christianity 46–66,
69–70, 104, 107–8, 147–8
alienation of women 141, 143
decline in congregations
100–1, 144, 148
evangelization and 119

D
Daly, Mary 142
Darwin, Charles 96, 98–9,
99–100
160

Eusebius of Caesarea 53, 54
Evangelicalism 39, 59, 90,
101–3, 104, 106, 117–19
evolution 96, 98–9
excommunication 58, 64
Experientialism 104, 106
Extreme Unction 39

David, King 16
deacons 50
decolonization 120–1, 126
Deism 91, 94
democracy 89, 92, 94–5, 127
‘desert fathers’ 76, 78, 79
devil 13, 25, 26, 40
diocesan administration 60
disciples 40, 49, 82
divine love 11–12
divinity 88
of Jesus Christ 12–15, 18–19,
20, 22, 30–1, 34, 54–6
masculinity and 131–3
salvation and 39
through the Holy Spirit 79
Dominicans 63, 83

F

E
East Germany 114
Easter 42, 59
Eastern Orthodox Church see
Orthodox Church
ecclesiastical buildings 31,
46–7, 67, 95
Eckhart, Meister 85
enculturation 125
English Civil War 90
Enlightenment 89, 91–2
Ephesians 73
Epiphany 59
episcopacy 50, 51
eremetical tradition 79, 81
eternal life 40
Ethiopian Church 115
Eucharist 39–40, 40, 41, 47,
50, 147
Eudocia, Empress 57

G
Galatians 129
Galilee 10
gender 50–1, 140–5
Genesis, Book of 25, 96, 99,
100, 131
Geneva 65
gentiles 15, 17
geology 96
Georgia 115
Germany 63
Giotto 33
161

Index

‘Fall,’ the 25, 76, 131
family values 101, 107
feminism 138, 141
Feminist Theology 101, 142–3
ﬁlioque 111
Finland 115
fonts 47
forgiveness 12
Fox, George 87
France 91–2
Franciscans 63, 83
Franck, Sebastian 87
French Revolution (1789) 91–2
friars 63, 83
Fundamentalism 101, 103, 104,
122

Christianity

Hinduism 110, 120
Hippolytus 73
holistic spirituality 106, 149
Holy Communion see
Eucharist
Holy Roman Empire 58, 111
Holy Spirit 10, 22, 23, 42–5,
108, 148–50
apocalyptic expectation and
86
and Charismatic Christianity
105, 121, 123, 147, 149
Christian mysticism and 71,
74
deiﬁcation through the 79
feminization of 144
ﬁlioque 111
gifts bestowed by the 49
Holy Trinity 42, 91
homosexuality 101, 125
human perfection 39
humanism 61, 65
humility 131
Hunt, Holman, The Light of
the World 35, 37
hymns 30

gnosticism 18–19, 23, 73–4, 76
God:
changelessness of 44
as creator 91
exaltation by 16–17, 30
exclusivism of 51
gender of 129, 131
in the hierarchy of power 48
neo-orthodox view of 102
paternalism of 61
God-man 22, 23, 25
Good Friday 42
gospels:
apocryphal 9, 18–19, 74
canonical 7, 8, 9, 10–14, 22
Gothic Revival 95
Grace 65, 66, 86, 87
Graeco-Roman:
art 30
mysticism 73
religion 49–50
Greece 115
Greek Orthodoxy 113
Groote, Gerhard 85
Grunewald, Matthias 33

H

I

Hadewijch 83
healing miracles 13, 49, 123
Heaven 25, 31, 42, 44–5
Hell 30
Hellenistic culture 17–18, 21
heresy and heretics 49, 50, 53,
59, 60, 63, 73, 82–3, 85
hermits 78, 83
hierarchy 48, 50, 51, 69, 74
Higgs, Liz Curtis 29
Hildegaard of Bingen 83

iconography 31
Ignatius of Loyola 51, 83
Immaculate Conception 14
immortality of the soul 91
India 110, 115, 119
infallibility 93, 101–2, 123
inquisitions 60
Irenaeus of Lyons 73
Islam 59, 110–11, 112, 115,
120–1, 125
162

John, Gospel of St 7, 9, 12–13,
14, 22
John Paul II, Pope 124, 125,
130
John the Baptist 10, 43
John XXIII, Pope 100
Judaism 11
Judea 10
Julian of Norwich 83, 84, 131

Israel 11
Ivan II, Tsar 113

J
Japan 115
Jeremiah, Book of 72
Jerusalem 10
Jesuits 83
Jesus Christ 10, 14, 34
appearance of 30–1, 34
and Biblical Christianity 70
and Charismatic Christianity
106
divine status of 12–13, 14–15,
18–19, 20, 22, 30–1, 34,
54–6
earliest written sources for 9
early Christian image of 21
female devotion to 138–40
fulﬁlled prophecy 13–14
hierarchical position of 44,
48
and the Holy Spirit 43
humanization of 32–4
idealization of 34
interpretations of 6–7, 15–23
life as model for
monasticism 82
ministry amonst women 136
mysticism and 72
nurturing characteristics of
131
as saviour 30–42, 45
sceptism about 15–16
teaching of 11–12
Jews 13–14, 15, 17, 18, 49–50,
59
Joachim of Fiore 85

K
Karlstadt, Andreas Rudolf
Bodenstein von 86
Kingdom of God 11–12, 17, 44

L

M
Marcion, Church of 73
163

Index

Lamb of God 15, 40
Last Supper 40
Latin America 116, 119, 123,
124, 126, 149
Lebanon 115
Lent 59
Liberal Christianity 91, 96–9,
104, 108, 131, 149
Liberal Theology 98–9, 100,
101
Liberation Theology 101, 123–4
liturgy 30, 43, 80, 131
Lord’s supper see Eucharist
love 11–12, 91, 136
Luke, Gospel of St 7, 9, 12, 14
Luther, Martin 64, 65, 66,
85–6, 130
Lutheranism 46, 66, 87, 104

Christianity

Mystical Christianity 24,
71–87, 131, 148
Biblical Christianity and
108, 147, 148
competition for 106
feminism and 141
in the United States 94, 95

Mark, Gospel of St 7, 9, 14
marriage 39, 51
martyrdom 52, 77, 85, 131
Marx, Karl 114
Marxism 124
Mass see Eucharist
materialism 127
Matthew, Gospel of St 7, 9, 12,
14
Maximus the Confessor 80
Mechtild of Magdeburg 83,
84
meditation 106
mendicants 63, 83
Mennonites 68
Messiah 16–17
Methodism 29, 87, 94, 101
Middle Ages:
missionary activity 116–17
monasticism and mysticism
80–5
uniﬁed Christian society
58–60
Middle East 119
miracles 10, 13, 16, 91, 123
missionaries 116–19, 126, 137
modernity 121–3
monasticism 63, 76, 78, 80–5,
87, 100, 113, 140
Monophysite church 56, 115
monotheism 11, 17, 19–20
morality 27, 28, 65, 126
Moses 16
Muhammed, Prophet 110
Münster, town of 86
Müntzer, Thomas 86
Murillo, Bartolomé, The Holy
Family with a Little Bird
34

N
Nag Hammadi gnostic
scriptures 19
Nestorian Church 56, 110, 115
New Testament 7, 9, 10, 15
canonical gospels 7, 9,
10–14, 22
on female equality 129, 136
and the Holy Spirit 43
inerrancy of 101–2, 123
sin 24–5 see also Paul, St
Nicene Creed 55–6, 78, 111
Nigeria 126
Nikon, Patriarch 113
non-Chalcedonian churches
115

O
obedience 131
Old Testament 7, 96, 99, 100,
131
exaltation by God 16
‘Fall,’ the 25, 76, 131
Genesis 25, 96, 99, 100, 131
new covenant 72
ordination 39, 48, 49, 141
original sin 27
Orthodox Church 18, 19–20,
23, 43, 46, 56, 109–16
Christ Pantocrator 31, 32
164

P
paciﬁsm 69
paganism 53, 59
Palamas, Gregory 80
Palestine 15
papacy 58, 62, 64
Syllabus of Errors, The 92–3
parables 6
paradise 25, 31, 44
parishes 60
paternalism 61–2, 133–4
Patriarch of Constantinople 113
patriarchy 51, 66, 68, 142
patronage 53, 59, 114
Paul, St 9, 17, 19–20, 65, 136
claim of special
responsibility 49
Jesus’ divinity 14
letter to the Galatians 22
mystical tendencies of 72–3
on women’s subordination
129
Peace of Westphalia (1648) 68
penance 39
Pentecost 10, 59
Pentecostal Church 120, 121–3
Pentecostalism 103, 104
perfection 34, 39, 44–5, 76–7
persecution 52, 68, 85
Persia 110
Peter the Great, Tsar 113–14
Philippines 119, 126
Photian schism (836–7) 63

Q
Quakerism 44, 87, 94, 104, 105

R
Rationalism 92, 98, 104
Reformation 34, 63–6, 66–7,
86, 134, 137
165

Index

Pietism 87
piety 96, 137
Plato 73
Poland 114, 115
Porete, Marguerite 85
Portugal 116
poverty 123–4, 127
power 60–2, 64, 66
prayer books 29, 95
Presbyterianism 46, 66, 94,
104
priesthood 44, 47–8, 49–50,
135
apostolic succession 49–50
male 133
and monastic movement
78
Protestant 64, 66
women 141, 144
printing 34, 64, 67
propaganda 7
prophecy 13–14, 16, 49
Protestantism 46, 63–6, 90,
120
art 34
Liberalism and 99
missionaries 117
mysticism in early 85–7
sin 39
pulpits 46, 67

concept of sin 24, 27
and mysticism 78–80, 104
women’s ordination 141
Ottoman Empire 113

Christianity

Rome 52–3, 57
Ruether, Rosemary Radford,
Sexism and God-Talk 142
Ruysbroeck, Jan van, 85
rulers 59, 90, 92
Russia 112–13, 115, 126

Reformed Presbyterian
Church see
Presbyterianism
Reiki 105
religious education 95
religious tolerance 52
Renaissance 32–4
repentance 27
Resurrection 10, 13, 16, 22, 44,
76
Revelation, Book of 15
Roman Catholic Church 46,
61, 66, 90, 101, 104
art 34
and Charismatic movement
103
French Revolution 91–2
globalization of 124
and Liberation Theology
123–4
missionaries 116–17
monasticism 140
opposition to women’s
ordination 141
post-war modernization of
100
sacraments of 39
salvation in 30
schism 62, 63, 64
social conservatism 50–1,
92–3, 99, 125
in the United States 94–5
Roman Empire 7, 10, 11, 17,
52–6, 110
Christians and 50–1, 52
Jews and 14, 15–16
Romania 112, 114, 115
Romanticism 88
Romanus II, Emperor 57

S
sacerdotalism 47–8, 49
sacramentalism 31, 39–44, 47,
80, 147
clergy and 47–8, 49–50
masculinity and 133
mysticism and 84
Sacred Heart 35, 36, 139
sacriﬁce 38, 50, 52, 61
St Gall monastery 82
St Seraphim of Sarov 79
saints 79, 137
Sallman, Warner 35, 38
salvation 20, 23, 24–5, 27, 42,
102, 147
Charismatic Christianity 123
Protestant 65
theories of atonement 33–40
for women 131
Sassanian dynasty 110
saviour 30–42, 42, 45
‘Sayings of the Desert Fathers,
The’ 76, 77
schisms 62, 63, 64, 68, 110
Schleiermacher, Friedrich 98
scholasticism 61
Schwenkfeld, Kaspar von 87
science 96–8
Second Vatican Council
(1962–5) 100
secularism 53, 57, 92, 94–5
166

Swedenborgianism 104
Syllabus of Errors, The 93
symbolism 40
Syria 115
Syrian Church of Antioch 115

self-mortiﬁcation 75
Serbia 112, 114, 115
Sethian gnosticism 74
sexual abstinence 101
sexual morality 126
sexual reproduction 27, 88
Simeon the New Theologian
80
sin 24–30, 34, 39, 64–6, 147
slavery 51
Slovakia 115
Smyreans 51
social conservatism 50–1,
92–3, 125–6
Society of Friends see
Quakerism
South America see Latin
America
southern hemisphere 124–6
Spain 116
spirituality 85, 106 see also
Mystical Christianity
Stalin, Joseph 114
Stanton, Elizabeth Cady 141
state religion 66, 68–9, 74, 101,
111
Catholic missionaries 116
and divine right of kings 90
missionaries 119
Russian Orthodox Church
113–14
and secularism 53, 57, 92,
94–5
subjective-life 89, 104–7, 108,
127, 148–50
substitutionary atonement
38–9
Sunday schools 95
Sweden, Church of 101

T

U
Uganda 126
Ukraine 115
Uniate churches 115
Unitarian Church 99, 105
United Reform Church 101
United States 93–4, 115
Biblical Christianity in 101
churchgoing in 101, 107
creationism 99–100
167

Index

Tai Chi 105
Tanganyika 118
Tauler, Johannes 85
teaching 11–12, 49
temperance movements 137–8
Teresa of Avila 83, 84
Theodore of Mopsuestia 110
theology 98–9, 107
Feminist 101, 142–3
Liberal 98–9, 100, 101
Liberation 101, 124
neo-orthodox 102
position of women 129–30
theosis 79
Thomas, Gospel of 9, 18, 19, 74
Tillich, Paul 100
Timothy, St 130
Torah 11, 17, 72
Transcendentalism 88, 104
Transﬁguration 13, 76

Christianity’s attraction for
136–40, 145
as churchgoers 135
gnosticism and 18–19
in Gospel of Thomas 74
Letter to the Ephesians 73
liberation of 140–1
martyrdom of 131
missionaries 117, 118
monasticism 76, 78, 81, 140
mysticism 83–4, 85
social space 137–8
Word 39, 42, 43, 45, 64, 66–9,
86, 147 see also Bible;
Biblical Christianity
worship see sacraments
worship service 47

Universities’ Mission to
Central Africa 118
urbanization 63, 82

V
Valentianian gnosticism 74
Vienne, Council of 83
virgin birth 91
Virgin Mary 14, 34, 43
Voltaire 92

Christianity

W
Waldenses 83
warfare 90
Wesley, Charles 29, 87
Wesley, John 87
Western Christianity 56, 58–9,
80–5, 116–19, 126, 140–1
Western civilization 118
witchcraft 85
women:
accused of witchcraft 85
biblical position of 129–31
Charismatic Christianity and
138, 144

Y
Yahweh 11
Yoga 105

Z
Zimbabwe 126
Zwingli, Ulrich 86

168

