Fossils: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead

CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder

EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips

MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling

RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham

SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN
John Morrill
TERRORISM
Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY John Parker
and Richard Rathbone
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Derrida Simon Glendinning
DESIGN John Heskett
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
MANDELA Tom Lodge
THE MIND Martin Davies
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
SARTRE Christina Howells

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi/

Keith Thomson

FOSSILS
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Keith Thomson 2005
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2005
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280504–5
978–0–19–280504–1
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Contents

Acknowledgements ix
List of illustrations x

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

Introduction

1

A cultural phenomenon

7

Fossils in the popular imagination 26
Some things we know, some things we don’t
Against the odds

51

Bringing fossils to life
Evolving

71

85

Of molecules and man
Fakes and fortunes
Back to the future
Further reading
Index 143

123
135

141

109

37

This page intentionally left blank

Acknowledgements

As an evolutionary biologist with interests in development and
physiology, the attraction of fossils for me has been twofold: to discover
how they illuminate our ideas about evolution, and to ﬁnd ways of using
our knowledge of living organisms to make fossils come ‘alive’. Although
I have spent more time than I care to remember on working with fossils,
I did not set out to be a palaeontologist. I am particularly grateful,
therefore, to my colleagues on both sides of the scholarly neontological/
palaeontological coin for tolerating my invasions, over the years, into
their territories and even assisting me in the process. I have always
worked with vertebrate fossils, rather than invertebrates, plants, or
fungi, and that bias shows in the examples I use; the principles,
however, are common to all fossils.
I must thank Erik Sperling for invaluable research assistance and
Marsha Filion at Oxford University Press for her enthusiastic
encouragement. Linda Price Thomson, Jim Kennedy, Kristin
Andrews-Speed, Mark Sutton, Ian Tattersall, Gino Segre, and Anthony
Fiorillo kindly read all or part of the manuscript and smoothed over the
rough patches. Eliza Howlett, Derek Siveter, Philip Powell, Mark
Robinson, Bethia Thomas, Dinah Birch, Ted Daeschler, and Carl
Thompson also made invaluable contributions. Linda Price Thomson
drew Figures 14, 18, and 21.

List of illustrations

1

Robert Hooke’s
drawings of fossils

2 Dendritic mineral
deposit, Solnhofen

3

© Sinclair Stammers/Science
Photo Library

12

Oxford University Museum
of Natural History

3 Henry de la Beche’s
‘Awful Changes’

7 Thin section of a fossil
stromatolite
45

8 Early Cambrian
fossils

18

Oxford University Museum of
Natural History

46

(a) Dr Derek Siveter; (b) from
Palaeontology 31, 779–798 (1988)
with permission

9 Ediacaran fossil

49

© Reg Morrison/Auscape

4 Principal divisions of the
geological timescale
22

10

5 Fossil and modern ox
bones scavenged by
hyenas
28

Courtesy of the Peabody Museum
of Natural History, Yale
University, New Haven,
Connecticut, USA and the author

Oxford University Museum
of Natural History

6 Sketch of Mary
Anning
By permission of Roderick
Gordon and Diana Harman

11
30

Preserved specimens of
Rhamphorhynchus and
a Permian ﬁsh scale
60

Internal structure of
Jurassic ammonite
Lytoceras
Oxford University Museum
of Natural History

64

12

Tracks of a dying
horseshoe crab

18
68

Oxford University Museum
of Natural History

13

Deinonychus skeleton 75

Dinosaur footprints in
Ardley quarry,
Oxfordshire
78
Linda Price Thomson, redrawn
from Palaeontology 78, 234
(2004)

19

Modern footprints in the
sand
79
Robert McCracken Peck

16

Henry de la Beche print
of Duria Antiqiour
82
Oxford University Museum of
Natural History

17

Fresco of a Permian
landscape

Human skull found at
Qafzeh cave, Israel
117
© Karen/Corbis Sygma

20 Possible phylogeny of
Australopithecus,
Paranthropus, and
Homo
121
Ian Tattersall, The Fossil Trail

21
15

92

Linda Price Thomson, after John
Phillips, Life on Earth (1860)

Peabody Museum volume 30,
© Peabody Museum of Natural
History, Yale University, New
Haven, Connecticut, USA

14

Changing numerical
diversity of life over
time

Reconstruction of the
‘Piltdown skull’
126
Linda Price Thomson, after
Joseph Weiner, The Piltdown
Forgery (1955)

22 Beringer’s fake fossils 130
Oxford University Museum of
Natural History

23 Archaeoraptor
83

134

© O. Louis Mazzatenta/National
Geographic Image Collection

‘The Age of Reptiles’, a mural by
Rudolph F. Zallinger. © 1966,
1975, 1985, 1989, Peabody
Museum of Natural History, Yale
University, New Haven,
Connecticut, USA

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
Introduction

Latin fossilis: dug up.

I vividly remember when and where I found my ﬁrst fossil. It was
early April 1961, and the place was Archer County, Texas, then, as
now, a hardscrabble sort of a landscape, dry and dissected by
shallow washes where the grey-green and red Permian rocks are
exposed and where rattlesnakes thrive. Fossils have been found in
these rocks for over a hundred years. We were searching for ﬁshes,
early amphibians, and reptiles, and my ﬁrst ﬁnd was a single grey
vertebra. Under the encrusting lime, the canal for the spinal cord
was visible, together with the facets for articulation with adjacent
vertebrae. Exploration on hands and knees revealed other bits and
pieces, all from the tail of a crocodile-sized amphibian called
Eryops. The animal had probably died somewhere else, as there
were no other remains; these few bones had been washed
downstream and deposited in a shallow lens of silt. Silt and bones
had then been buried under more layers of sediment and slowly
transformed into rock. That had been 220 million years ago when
the region was a marshy river delta. Other fossil-bearing pockets
nearby contained ﬁsh scales and shark spines. Some contained the
remains of the extraordinary Dimetrodon – a reptile with the spines
of its vertebrae extended to form a high sail on its back. In pure
scientiﬁc terms, my ﬁrst fossil was not nearly as interesting. But I
was hooked.
1

Fossils

In this ﬁrst paragraph I have made some statements of fact (the
existence of the fossil; its shape; the identity of the animal it came
from; its petriﬁed nature; the associated remains) and some
inferences from other facts (the age of the rocks; what happened
to the original animal when it died; the original environment
where this all happened). In this book I will explain the basis for
all that: what fossils are and some of the concepts and principles
upon which the study of fossils is based. I will discuss also the
broader signiﬁcance of fossils in teaching us about the history
of the earth and the animals and plants – including our own
ancestors – that have variously inhabited it for the past few
billion years.
Since antiquity, explanations of what fossils are and theories of what
they mean have had a varied history. At ﬁrst, the word had been
used for anything dug up from the earth, including minerals, gems,
or metal ores, as well as the petriﬁed organic remains to which we
now restrict the term. Classical Greek authors such as Empedocles
and Xenophanes had a pretty good idea of what fossils were, as had
Leonardo da Vinci, but fossils became especially important when all
the intersecting philosophical/scientiﬁc consequences of the very
existence of fossils in the earth reached a critical point. We can even
pinpoint the author and the date: the English scientist Robert
Hooke, writing in 1665. Before then, fossils could be treated as
curiosities; since then, fossils have become variously the foundation
of a scientiﬁc revolution and a threat to the fundamentals of theology.
Before Hooke, fossils could be dismissed as mere ‘sports of nature’ –
‘formed stones’ – and elaborate theories had to be dreamt up to
explain them in terms of a ‘Plastick Virtue’ in the soil or the
properties of crystals. For others, fossils were the physical evidence
of the great biblical Flood. But for the scientist, fossils became the
central facts of a theory of a changing earth of great antiquity.
They led us to understand the restless movements of continents,
ﬂuctuating climates, and a history of life undergoing inexorable
processes of origination and extinction.
2

1. Robert Hooke’s accurate drawings of fossils, as in this plate of
ammonites from his Lectures and Discourses of Earthquakes (published
posthumously in 1705), helped convince readers of their organic nature

Fossils

By studying fossils, we can detect changing patterns in the diversity
of life on earth, discovering that there have been sudden periods of
mass extinction, others of strong diversiﬁcation. Fossils help show
how the continental plates have drifted around the surface of the
earth and how the surface of the earth has changed; they show, for
example, that deep seas once lay where there is now dry land. We
can chart ancient changes in climate, discovering among other
things that the present Arctic and Antarctic were once subtropical
paradises.
Fossils had started to prove all this long before Charles Darwin’s
theory of natural selection, formally proposed in 1859, provided the
causal mechanism for the origin of species. Fossils of the reptile/
bird Archaeopteryx (1860) and Neanderthal man (1856) were
discovered just in time to give substance to his theories: they were
‘missing links’ in a continuous chain of existence reaching back to
the beginning of life. Now, every new discovery redeﬁnes our search
for new ‘links’; we are on the search for ﬁshes with legs, dinosaurs
with feathers, and, always, for human ancestors. With respect to
human evolution, just as Galileo with his telescope revealed the
existence of worlds beyond worlds out there in space and thus
reduced the earth (and man) to an insigniﬁcant speck in the
cosmos, the history of fossils in this very old earth exposes Homo
sapiens as simply a Johnny-come-lately in the animal world, and a
creature most likely doomed to extinction just like the rest.
Fossils provide a highly accessible kind of science. Many a serious
scholar had his ﬁrst interest in science triggered by an enthusiasm
for fossils. Natural history museums depend on fossils, and
particularly dinosaurs, for a large part of their audience and
income, and they depend on fossil hunters to present the subject to
the public. For many palaeontologists, professional or amateur,
fossils represent a happy fusion between the romanticism of the
19th century and the cold, hard clarity of contemporary science.
Fossil collecting, whether out on some vast foreign plain, or
scrambling among the cliff falls at Lyme Regis, remains one of the
4

very few activities (amateur astronomy is another) whereby a
person working alone, or in a small group, can accomplish great
things. Armed only with a hammer and a good eye, like a prospector
for gold, he or she can make a fundamental contribution to science.
Both amateur and professional palaeontology have expanded
enormously in the past 50 years. When I ﬁrst attended a meeting
of the Society of Vertebrate Palaeontology in 1961, there were about
30 members present. Last year there were more than 2,000.

While dinosaurs belong in the distant past, Homo erectus and Homo
Neanderthalensis, on the other hand, are faintly alarming; in every
sense being far too close for comfort. We do not have to resort to
lurid, far-fetched caricatures of our predecessors and cousins as
shambling, hairy brutes to accept that, only a vanishingly short time
ago, as measured in the geological frame, our forebears were
without language or material culture. A fossil record that says that
painting and carving arose only some 30,000 to 40,000 years ago,
and within a people who were physically identical to us, either
makes us feel especially ennobled by whatever triggered the origin
of technology and a culture that has given us Rembrandt, Turner,
Twyla Tharp, the Beatles, and Shakespeare, or it leaves us totally
humbled. No wonder then that the idea that we humans were
specially created by God has its attractions.
But dinosaurs and humans are only the two components of a vast
spectrum of fossil life. Stretching back almost to the beginnings of
5

Introduction

Creatures such as dinosaurs, ammonites, trilobites, ﬂying reptiles,
and mammoths (fossil plants rarely enter the public imagination)
are half real and half unreal. We are fascinated equally by their
familiarity and their foreignness. They may even be cuddly,
for example for the 6-year-old who has already mastered the
tongue-twisting lexicon of their Latin names, and soon will be
collecting accurately modelled replicas to go with the soft toys
he keeps in the bedroom – thereby supporting a vast industry.

Fossils

the earth are literally hundreds of thousands of species represented
by countless millions of apparently unprepossessing specimens
lying, dead as the dodo, in museum collections (and huge numbers
more that are still buried in the rock). This is where scientists
genuinely wearing white lab coats come to the fore. They can count,
measure, dissect, X-ray or CAT scan, or model by computer, and
then build views of the world that we could otherwise only dream
of. They can both document the course of evolutionary change
and lead us to views of possible mechanisms. Examination of a
golf-ball-sized chunk of fossil sea bed can tell us where to drill for
oil or gas. Fossils too small to be seen with the naked eye tell us that
700 million years ago the earth was buried in an ice age far greater
than the last one; they can also tell us about more recent climates
and, in the process, warn us about the future.
Every day, somewhere around the earth, dozens of palaeontologists
are digging somewhere new, or scavenging old deposits and
museum collections, for yet another fragment of insight into the
earth and life sciences. And there is a great deal still to learn about
fossils themselves and about the vagaries of their dying that allowed
(against enormous odds) some individuals to be preserved and
turned into rock. Also, because fossils are so much in the public eye,
there are always new fakes to be unmasked and false theories to be
rejected. And magniﬁcent discoveries still to be made. Simply by
digging in the ground.

6

Chapter 2
A cultural phenomenon

There is something intriguing about a whole discipline founded
on organisms that have become important to us only in, and by
means of, their death. Fossils fascinate us both when they are most
different from modern life on earth, and are separated from us by
time intervals that are almost unimaginable, and when they link
living species such as ourselves to our immediate forebears. From
whatever age, those dead organisms that lived in other times are
both quite unreal to us, and at the same time strangely familiar.
Fossils reveal to us ancient worlds populated by strange beasts
and weird plants, whose existences were curiously like and yet
fascinatingly different from our present world. They not only
capture our imagination, they test our ideas about life itself. Indeed,
it is impossible to imagine what our present view of the world and
ourselves would be if we had never known about fossils at all.

Fossils before the Enlightenment
Although general public acceptance of the organic nature of fossils
– that they are the remains of once-living organisms, preserved in
and themselves transformed to rock – did not come until the
turn of the 19th century, modern palaeontology began in the last
third of the 17th century with the writings of Robert Hooke (in
Micrographia, 1665, and Discourse of Earthquakes, 1668), followed
in 1669 by the Prodromus of Niels Stensen (later Nicolai Stenonis
7

Fossils

and now always known simply as Steno). Hooke was a true genius
and polymath at the Royal Society in London who seems to have
studied geology very informally. No less brilliant, Steno was ﬁrst an
anatomist in Leiden and then in the Medici court at Florence. He
devoted years of study of the geology of Tuscany before adopting a
life of self-denial as a Catholic priest and bishop.
Before Hooke and Steno, explanations of the nature and causes of
fossils exercised philosophers of all kinds. An early obstacle to
unlocking the secrets of fossils was that they seemed easiest to ﬁnd
in cliffs and mountains. If they were the remains of real ﬁsh and
clams, how on earth (so to speak) did they get there? It did not seem
possible that the earth could have been so changed that what was
once the bottom of the sea is now thousands of metres in the air.
Leonardo da Vinci offered what seemed the only possible solution:
that sea levels had dropped. A similar explanation was offered by
Steno. Hooke, on the other hand, insisted that mountains were
raised up from the sea ﬂoor by earthquakes and the earth’s ‘inner
heat’. Without the beneﬁt of an advanced understanding of the
gigantic forces that (usually) imperceptibly shape and change
the earth, and of the immense expanse of geological time, such
explanations seemed at best far-fetched.
Another difﬁculty was that fossil creatures were notably different
from living ones. Were they faulty versions of modern species or
bizarre ‘aberrations from nature’? The concept of extinction was
obvious to Hooke, but it squarely opposed the biblical account of
Creation which speaks of a single creating event. Extinction implied
that there had been more than one episode of Creation and that, in
allowing those creatures to become extinct, God had, as it were,
changed his mind or even admitted to mistakes.
Recognition that the earth’s crust contains multiple layers of rocks,
thousands of feet thick, containing diverse fossil assemblages
(mostly deposited under water), forced scholars to face the issue of
mountain-building and other drastic rearrangements of the earth’s
8

Fossils on mountains
Now if all these Bodies have been really such Shells of Fishes
as they most resemble, and that these are found at the tops of
the most considerable Mountains in the World . . . ’tis a very
cogent Argument that the superﬁcial Parts of the earth have
been very much changed since the beginning, that the tops
of Mountains have been under the Water, and arguably
also, that divers parts of the bottom of the Sea have been
heretofore Mountains.
Robert Hooke, Discourse of Earthquakes (1668)

Philosophers also investigated the proposition that fossilization was
not a natural process and fossils were not ‘real’ at all. First, and
9

A cultural phenomenon

surface. If those fossils were once living in the sea and were deposited
in marine beds and are now hundreds or thousands of feet above sea
level, then the earth must have been raised up. But the mechanisms
for mountain-building remained secret. It is an extraordinary
accomplishment for geology and palaeontology to have proceeded to
develop and ﬂourish while lacking such an explanation, which has
only come in modern times with the discovery of the mechanisms by
which vast portions of the earth’s surface have been moved around
over the aeons. If there had been independent, generally accepted
evidence that the earth was very old and had steadily undergone
changes of the sort that could thrust mountains up out of the sea,
then it would have been easier to accept that fossils were true organic
remains and that marine shells could be found in old rocks
thousands of feet up hillsides. Equally, if there had been
incontrovertible evidence that fossils were the remains of once-living
organisms, then the notion of an old, changing earth would have
followed more readily. In the event, understanding had to edge
forwards slowly, iteratively – a discovery here, an insight there.

Fossils

simplest, fossils might simply be accidents of nature – pieces of rock
that merely mimic true organisms. And there is no shortage of the
latter – ﬂints shaped like a heart or a foot are easy to ﬁnd in chalk
deposits, for example. Alternatively, they might have been made by
a God or gods who created them supernaturally, in which case those
gods had also to have created all the layered rocks that contain the
fossils, together with all the other apparent evidence of antiquity
and change. In the biblical account in Genesis, this would have
happened during the ﬁrst days of Creation when the earth had been
formed but living organisms still had not. Perhaps the extreme
version of a ‘Creation theory’ was expounded by Philip Henry
Gosse in his Omphalos (1856). For Gosse, a God who could make
the earth and all its living creatures could easily have salted his
newly minted rocks with ancient-looking fossils at the same time.
As there is, and can be, no empirical evidence for such a completely
ad hoc explanation, acceptance of it was (and is) a matter of faith
rather than science, and the consequent philosophical question
then became: why would any God have done that?
A quite different possibility was that fossils might be artefacts of
some natural property of the rocks themselves – a process that
produces mineral mimics of real organisms. Such a property was

On extinction
Certainly there are many Species of Nature that we have
never seen, and there may have been also many such Species
in former Ages of the World that may not be in being at
present, and many variations of these Species now, which
may not have had a being in former Times: We see what
variety of Species, variety of Soils and Climates, and other
Circumstantial Accidents do produce.
Robert Hooke, Lecture to the Royal Society, 25 July 1694

10

usually called a ‘Plastick Virtue’. The idea depended on the
proposition that, if a plant grows out of the soil, why should a fossil
not grow out of the rock? While this was a popular idea in the 17th
and early 18th centuries, no-one could imagine what the material
nature – the actual causative element – of a ‘Plastick Virtue’ might
be. However, there was an obvious connection to the phenomenon
of crystallization, and many pseudo-fossils exist in the form of the
fern-like crystallization of salts on a bedding plane.

The ﬁnal, and most obvious and popular, explanation of the
very existence of fossils, and much of the geological condition
of the earth, was Noah’s Flood. Until the 1830s, the fact that
most of Europe and North America is covered by thick layers of
water-borne sands and gravels, with valleys carved out by water
action, seemed to provide ample evidence for a great Diluvial
episode. There are still those who believe, for example, that the
Flood, rather than aeons of erosion by the Colorado River, created
the Arizona Grand Canyon.
Many scholars followed Steno, the cleric Thomas Burnet (1681),
and the physician John Woodward (1695) in believing that the
biblical ‘opening of the fountains of the deep’ during the Flood
described the earth’s crust being broken like an egg, producing
mountains and all the evidence we see around us of a ‘broken and
shattered earth’. Woodward extended the idea to the extent that the
Flood then dissolved or suspended all the matter in the earth’s crust
and deposited it in discrete layers, according to speciﬁc gravity. In
11

A cultural phenomenon

A compromise view was that fossils developed from some kind of
seeds, deposited in the rocks at Creation, which then germinated
later. This would explain the fact that fossils were often found high
up mountainsides. A parallel explanation was that these seeds were
actually the product of living sea creatures that were dispersed to
land by wind and rain, fell into crevices in the rocks, and
germinated there – imperfectly so, with the result that fossil
organisms are distorted rather than precise copies of living ones.

2. Not a fossil: this mineral deposit (technical name pyrolusite,
composed of manganese oxide) from the Solnhofen lithographic
limestone has grown in a fern-like pattern but is deﬁnitely inorganic

all such theories, fossils represent the remains of the creatures
killed in the Flood. In trying to create a material, geological
explanation of fossils, such authors had to ignore points such as the
prior existence of mountains in the very story they were trying to
uphold, but there is no point now in refuting such theories. One
difﬁculty that confronted contemporary scholars is worth noting,
however. If, as they calculated, the pre-Flood population of the
world was 8 million, and all but one family died, human fossils
should be common instead of (until the discovery of Neanderthals
in 1856) absent.

Fossils and philosophy
Broadly put, fossils give us an extended view of life itself, projecting
life into a time dimension in which an anthropocentric viewpoint is
13

A cultural phenomenon

In fact, the record of the rocks – layer after layer, age after age –
reveals multiple, overlapping, extinct worlds, each with their own
characteristic organisms. Any Diluvial explanation would have to
involve many, many Floods. Basically the Flood hypothesis fails
because the earth’s crust has not been shaped by a single event but
by almost an inﬁnity of events. Life on earth has changed over
billions of years, driven by the countless ‘natural shocks the ﬂesh
is heir to’. In modern theory, the earth is shaped by erosion and
deposition, by earthquakes and volcanoes, and by the movement
of huge areas of the earth’s crust due to processes in the deeper
semi-solid mantle (plate tectonics). The ﬁnal nail in the cofﬁn of
the Diluvial theory was provided by Louis Agassiz, who in 1837
showed that many of the erratic boulders, water-borne sands and
gravels that had seemed to be evidence for the Flood were the
product of Pleistocene glacial action. The changes of ﬂora and fauna
before, after, and in between periods of glacial activity over the
past 1.8 million years are due to huge climate shifts between glacial
and interglacial episodes. And it eventually turned out that even
humans had their ancient fossil ancestors. Fossils became the prime
evidence for theories of evolution.

meaningless. Whether one’s view is that fossils represent the
operation of natural, law-like processes, or that the whole world,
including fossils, was (and still is) caused by supra-natural
phenomena, fossils are always a key part of the discussion.

Fossils

While some philosophical issues have long since been resolved, the
basic (fundamental, as one might indeed say) problem for most
religious viewpoints has not gone away. Simply put, the testimony of
the rocks (to subvert the title of an 1857 book by God-fearing Hugh
Miller) contradicts the account of a single act of Creation given in
the ﬁrst chapter of the Book of Genesis. The whole concept of
extinction runs directly counter to the doctrine that God, having
created the universe in a single event, made it perfect. However,
while fossils present major difﬁculties for a conservative, literal
reading of the Bible, a more liberal wing of Christianity has long
since tried to come to terms with the scientiﬁc evidences of
geological science.
The patterns of similarity and difference among living organisms
has been a major focus of philosophical enquiry since Classical
times. The ‘Great Chain of Being’ is a concept that goes back to
Plato and Aristotle, and was developed by Descartes, Spinoza, and
Leibniz. Here, everything in creation can be assigned a position
relative to an ideal hierarchical pattern extending from
nothingness at the base to God at the top. Man is next to God and
the angels, the apes next to man, and so on. The lowliest bacteria
(if they had known about bacteria) would have been at the base,
just above minerals. In this hierarchy, each ‘kind’ is more complex
and more perfect than, and in some way contingent upon, the one
beneath. The ‘chain’ is static, the whole having been created by
God, and it represents to us the perfect symmetry of his Creation.
Any living organism can be given a place in the chain; potentially,
any new discovery would readily drop into its place among the
others.
The recognition of a vast world of fossils ﬁrst supported and then
14

challenged this view, as did the burgeoning scholarship and the
ﬁrst-hand knowledge of the living world produced by the
explorations of the globe from the 16th century onwards. Soon there
were too many kinds of organisms; at the least, instead of one
chain, there must be many. The notion of linearity in the history of
life was replaced by one of diversity – the Chain of Being became
more like a tree of life. And, once it became obvious that there had
to be several separate chains, it was necessary to posit the existence
of organisms bridging them. As a medical student in Edinburgh
(1826–8), Charles Darwin had his ﬁrst venture into laboratory
research with his mentor Robert Grant. Grant was a keen follower
of the French zoologist Jean Baptiste de Lamarck’s evolutionary
ideas. Together Grant and Darwin studied ‘zoo-phytes’ – sea
anemones – a group putatively sharing the features of both animals
and plants.

It is hard for us to understand the consternation of those
generations of scholars and ordinary people who had to face the
fact of extinction – that the living world does not represent the
totality of ‘creation’ (however that word is meant) and the
corollary that no life, ancient or modern, could be seen as
complete and perfect; instead, life was changing rather than static.
Many attempts were made to explain away extinction. The
15

A cultural phenomenon

A perfect Chain of Being would have no gaps; but while the growing
fossil record closed up many gaps among groups, it opened up new
ones and disclosed the existence of entirely new (extinct) groups.
Extinction became a critical issue because it showed that the chain,
or chains, could be broken. There were no obvious descendants of
the newly discovered kinds of fossils with their wonderfully
evocative names – giant reptiles likes mosasaurs, ichthyosaurs, and
pterosaurs, and invertebrates like trilobites or graptolites. Those
lines were dead ends. Perhaps most lines were. And many familiar
living groups had extinct members, among the most dramatic of
which were the mammoths and mastodons, unmistakably species
of elephants but no longer living.

Fossils

simplest was that we just have not looked everywhere in the
world: somewhere there may still be living ichthyosaurs and
trilobites. As justiﬁcation for this view, John Ray wrote in 1693:
‘Wolves and Bevers . . . were sometimes native of England (yet
there remain) Plenty of them still in other Countries.’ Thomas
Jefferson, a true man of the Enlightenment, wrote descriptions of
the mastodon fossils from Big Bone Lick in Kentucky. He thought
that mastodons might still be living in the far West and hoped that
the western Lewis and Clark expedition of 1804–6 would ﬁnd
them.
The concept of the Chain of Being depends on three premisses:
plenitude (all possible versions of ‘being’ exist), continuity, and
gradation. In the end, the enormous breadth of organismal
diversity, in both space and time, simply overwhelmed theories of a
static Chain of Being, however rationalized to extend to multiple
creation events in space and time. The concepts of continuity and
gradation made it logical for philosophers to ask whether organisms
were not also related in the genetic sense, through a process of
transmutation – evolution. In 1693, Leibniz (directly paraphrasing
Robert Hooke’s Micrographia of 1665) wrote that if extinction was
a fact, it was ‘worthy of belief . . . that even the species of animals
have many times been transformed’. The Scottish philosopher
David Hume, in his Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion (1779),
asked whether it was more logical to assume that complex living
creatures had their origins in simpler ones than via some
miraculous creation by an inﬁnitely powerful, but nonetheless
unknowable, designing intelligence. During the Enlightenment, the
Chain of Being became transformed into a ‘Chain of Becoming’ – a
dynamic, temporal system involving some kind of historically
contingent process.
In two early attempts to accommodate a sense of process without
completely invalidating the static elements of the chain, the French
philosophers and scientists Charles Bonnet (1720–93) and Jean
Baptiste Robinet (1735–1820) changed the metaphor to one of a
16

ladder of nature, the scala naturae. In the scala naturae, over
time organisms naturally move up the ladder through a process of
transformation. Thus today’s mammals have moved up the ladder
from a lower rung among the reptiles, and before that were ﬁshes
and worms. Today’s worms have not yet moved on to become ﬁshes
or mammals. In Bonnet’s system, various environmental conditions
triggered the ‘hatching’ of a hierarchy of nascent germs set in place
at the moment of Creation and lodged in the original ‘souls’ of
organisms, causing them, step by step, to increase in perfection. In
such cases, climbing the ladder involves some kind of literal or
ﬁgurative unfolding or working out of a pre-ordained Divine plan.
Such ideas remained true to the original teleological (end-directed)
concept of the chain.

17

A cultural phenomenon

Erasmus Darwin (1731–1802, grandfather of Charles Darwin) and
other late 18th-century thinkers saw the process more boldly,
proposing that it was driven by continuous transmutation of species
driven by changes in the ‘generative systems’ (that is, developmental
genetics) of organisms and by the environment. Lamarck (1802)
proposed a different scheme according to which there were many
different, and always separate, lineages (not a tree, therefore, but a
lawn). Each arose from the spontaneous generation of a very simple
life form, the descendants of which then progressively climbed
Bonnet’s ladder according to a pre-ordained pattern of
transmutation. In Lamarck’s scheme, humans, being the most
perfected organisms, belonged to the ﬁrst-caused of these chains –
and therefore the oldest and the one that has travelled the farthest
towards the ideal goal of Godliness. Today’s very simple kinds of
living organisms have been created more recently and have only just
started their journey. The overall pattern of increase in complexity
seen in the fossil record is then explained as simply a matter of
timing. In this scheme, no kind of organism truly becomes extinct,
but currently may simply not be represented in one of the chains.
One lineage or another of living reptiles will again produce
ichthyosaurs, for example, or toothed birds. Charles Lyell, in his
Principles of Geology (1831–3), and before being converted to

Darwinism, envisioned a sort of cycling in which the right
environmental conditions would in the future produce extinct
forms once again.

Fossils

An old philosophical debate was then reviviﬁed. The place of
humans in a static chain, created in a position next to God and the
angels, was one thing; humans as the result of a state of material
ﬂux (due ultimately to the chance motions of atoms) was quite
another. Not only did evolution remove the hand of God from our
causation and reduce humans to the status of advanced apes, it
opened up the whole question of the purpose and meaning of life.
The discovery of a graded series of fossil species linking humans
with the great apes would be a ﬁnal irony for the Chain of Being.
Linking humans in the other direction – to God – remained the
province of religion.

3. ‘Awful changes. Man found only in a fossil state – reappearance of
Ichthyosaurs.’ Lyell’s idea that life proceeds in cycles led Henry de la
Beche to produce this delightful cartoon in which a professorial
ichthyosaur is lecturing his contemporaries on the ancient history of
humans
18

Fossils and change also have a political aspect. In the late 18th
century, Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité, and, above all, progress were
concepts that required not only a drastic revamping of
contemporary social systems but depended on the raw material
(in this case, humanity itself ) having the ﬂexibility and potential
to achieve new goals, new stations. Older European oligarchies,
on the other hand, depended on biblical authority for maintaining
constancy and particularly the distinctions between hewers of wood
and drawers of water, vessels of gold and silver, masters and
servants.

Time
One of the principal lessons to be learned from geology and from
fossils is that the earth itself is very old – some 4.5 billion years
old (using the convention that a billion is a thousand millions) –
and continually changing. What was once the sea ﬂoor is now
19

A cultural phenomenon

As a model for social systems, theories of change that encompassed
the whole organic world were naturally threatening to the
establishment. Erasmus Darwin had the misfortune to develop his
ideas of change during the French Revolution, when such ideas
were unwelcome on British soil. But by the 1830s they had become
unstoppable. Transmutation was further popularized in 1844 by
anonymous publication of the quasi-Lamarckian Vestiges of
Creation, authored by Robert Chambers, with its obvious reference
to James Hutton’s geology. Then came Charles Darwin, whose
evolutionary theory explains the appearance of ‘progress’ in terms
of process. During the voyage of the Beagle (1831–6), and
inﬂuenced by reading Charles Lyell, Charles Darwin decided that
he could make his mark as a geologist. He collected Pleistocene
armadillos and tree sloths at Punta Alta, Argentina, in 1832 and
realized that living species had replaced these older extinct forms
over time. During his explorations of South America, he also saw
that some living species replace each other in space – northern
and southern pairs of species of rheas, for example.

Fossils

mountains like the Alps or the great chalk cliffs at Dover, other
ancient mountains have been ground down to sediments and
redeposited in the sea, and so on in an unending cycle; the
continents have moved, Europe and Africa having once been
attached to the Americas. With all this came environmental
changes that caused, for example, the tropical coal swamps of
the Carboniferous (the products of which we mine in distinctly
non-tropical places like Scotland and Pennsylvania) to wax and
wane. All the time, life on earth was evolving. New groups of
organisms steadily appear in the fossil record, replacing the old and
sometimes opening whole new environments for colonization. In
the Palaeozoic, plants, invertebrates, and vertebrates invaded the
land for the ﬁrst time. Insects took to the air, followed by the ﬂying
reptiles, the birds, and eventually the ﬂying mammals. Different
groups of organisms entered the deep seas, others found their way
to mountain tops.
The record of the rocks, layer by layer, reveals, however imperfectly,
the history of the earth and life upon it. The organisms that lived in
ancient times were buried and preserved in sediments. It takes a
long time for rocks to form and accumulate, layer-by-layer, on the
earth’s crust. Some rocks and the fossils encased in them are more
than a billion years old, others are as new as the muds in which they
are trapped.
The concept of geological time – both in the sense of an immense
age for the earth, and the sense of processes acting on a scale that
would be virtually undetectable in a human life span or even the
record of human history (ecological time) – has a long history.
Aristotle thought the earth was inﬁnite in past extent and future
duration. But the Judaeo-Christian tradition gives time a narrative
form of beginning (Creation) and end (Judgement Day). The Book
of Genesis records the Creation of the whole universe in an instant
of time. On the other hand, philosophers like Descartes (1596–
1650), as they pondered the possible origins of the earth and solar
system, posited a more gradual, ﬁery beginning, and by so doing
20

they made our origins, in principle, studyable in terms of modern
concepts such as atoms, space, and motion.

Despite Ussher, natural philosophers (as scientists were then called)
continued to search for new kinds of truth. From the evidence of the
rocks themselves, the Comte de Buffon (1707–88), among others,
articulated a concept of uniformitarianism, according to which the
processes by which the rocks were formed and changed, mountains
eroded and then built up again, were the same as those processes
observable (and, signiﬁcantly, susceptible to rational study) today,
the only difference being the time over which they have operated.
There were no episodes of catastrophic intervention, miraculous or
natural. The earth had arisen from a ﬁery ball of matter like the sun
and progressively changed as it cooled.
21

A cultural phenomenon

There was a lot at stake politically as well as philosophically in such
ideas. A philosophy strongly based on science inevitably threatened
the authority of religion based on biblical authority. It is no
coincidence that at the time of Descartes’s death, just as scholars
were worrying about extinction and getting serious about positing
an ancient and progressive history for the earth and universe, James
Ussher, Bishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland, provided
priceless support for the authority of the Church against such
heresies. He offered a ‘smoking gun’ for the literal truth of the
biblical account of Creation. His calculations depended both on the
genealogies recorded in the ﬁrst ﬁve chapters of the Bible and
considerations of the Julian and Hebrew calendars, the result being
a deﬁnitive date of 23 October 4004 BC for the date of Creation. In
fact, similar calculations had been attempted since the 1st century
AD, and most authors had arrived at a date between 2000 and
4000 BC. Obviously 6,000 years was not enough for the sorts of
events and processes that scientists were talking about; the idea of
an ancient, changing earth must be wrong. Ussher’s announcement
of a deﬁnitive date for Creation was not only timely, it was well
promoted: he managed to have it inserted into all editions of the
King James Bible so that everyone would see it.

4. Principal divisions of the geological timescale with dates and origins
of major fossil groups

Fossils

The Scottish philosopher-geologist James Hutton (1726–97)
extended the principle of uniformitarianism and tried to calculate
the age of the earth from measuring the processes of erosion and
from the sedimentary record. The result was his classic Theory of
the Earth (ﬁrst outlined in his Essay of 1785), in which he followed
Robert Hooke from a century before in seeing that the origin of new
rocks from sedimentation and seismic activity was matched by
weathering and erosion. Hutton recognized a dynamic process of
recycling of the materials of the earth, resulting in a sort of
immortality for the planet. But he could not discover a deﬁnitive
age for the earth. In his most famous phrase, he concluded that
geology revealed ‘no vestige of a beginning, no prospect of an end’.
He didn’t mean there had been no beginning or that there would
be no end. Rather, the constant churning of the earth’s crust had
obliterated the evidence.
Hutton’s view ﬁts rather well with modern ideas about the
processes involved in ‘plate tectonics’, in which new material is
forced out from the mantle at the places such as the submarine
mid-Atlantic ridge where plates diverge, old continental plates are
subducted at their edges, and whole continents are deformed where
the plates collide. All the while erosion is eating away relentlessly at
the continents, reducing all once again. It all happens very slowly;
North America and Europe are currently moving apart from each
other at a rate of some 3 to 5 centimetres per year (which on
reﬂection is really quite fast). The Himalayas are being forced
upwards by the colliding northward movement of the whole Indian
plate at about the same rate.
Other scholars attempted to estimate the age of the earth from its
rate of cooling. Descent into mines showed that the core was hotter
than the surface. In 1863, the physicist William Thomson (Lord
Kelvin) calculated, from the size of the earth and the rate of cooling,
an age of 100 myr (millions of years) or less for the age of the earth.
Now the scale of the argument had changed. Even a 100-myr age
suited the arguments of 19th-century anti-evolutionists like Kelvin
24

because it was not nearly long enough for the slow evolutionary
processes that Darwin envisaged. Kelvin later revised his estimate
to an even more hostile 40 myr. He did not know, however, that new
heat was constantly being generated within the earth by nuclear
processes, so his estimates were far too low. The modern estimate of
4.5 byr for the age of the earth is calculated from measurements of
the rate of decay and proportions of radioactive isotopes in rocks.

A cultural phenomenon

25

Chapter 3
Fossils in the
popular imagination

Throughout the 18th century, all educated people in Europe and
the Americas were familiar with a broad range of fossils and
many had a ‘cabinet’ of specimens. But it was still likely that their
fossils would be classiﬁed as ‘formed stones’, a category that was
neutral with respect to origins. Once it had been generally
accepted that fossils were organic remains, however, they
assumed an important role in popular culture as well as sober
philosophical scholarship.
In the mid- to late 19th century, public fascination with ancient life
was made possible by, and perhaps even helped precipitate, the
popularity of inexpensive but well-illustrated publications for the
mass market, such as Camille Flammarion’s Le Monde avant le
Deluge, published in Paris in 1886, and the development of the
public museum. For two hundred years, fossils have provided the
basis for a highly accessible kind of science. The phenomenon really
burgeoned with the discovery of dinosaurs and a wide variety of
other, often very large Mesozoic reptiles. My own ﬁrst exposure to
this popular literature was Arthur Conan Doyle’s science ﬁction
novel of 1910, The Lost World, although I cannot remember any
ambition to become Professor Challenger.
Fossils have always attracted unusual and interesting people, not
the least of them being Professor William Buckland at Oxford,
26

the man whose family in the 1820s kept a bear in Christ Church
deanery and who had a life-long ambition to eat his way through
examples of the entire animal kingdom (he never found a good
recipe for mole or house ﬂy). Buckland’s penchant for unusual pets
helped solved the riddle of the fossil deposits of Kirkdale Cave in
Yorkshire. Buckland realized the cave had been a den for hyenas;
few other scholars of the day would ﬁrst have hypothesized that the
fossils in the deposit were not washed in there by the biblical Flood
but represented a life assemblage. Not only did Buckland conclude
that the many broken bones in the cave deposit had been cracked
open by hyenas, he happened to have on hand a (more or less) tame
hyena to test his theory and thereby became the world’s ﬁrst
experimental palaeontologist.

Mary Anning offers a nice example of the timely convergence of
people and places. Lyme Regis had become a popular coastal resort
at the turn of the century and one of the attractions was the cliffs,
from which waves and weather produced a variety of interesting
fossils. Ammonites (or ‘snakestones’ – relatives of the living pearly
Nautilus) were common, along with isolated vertebrae and what
looked like crocodile teeth. The Blue Lias cliffs at Lyme Regis
consist of layers of shale and limestone marl originally laid down
(195–200 myr ago) in a shallow coastal sea. The fossils in the
27

Fossils in the popular imagination

Buckland was a popular and diverting lecturer on the subject of
fossils and later in his career was elevated to Dean of Westminster
Abbey. At the same time, only a hundred miles away but in an
entirely different world, there lived someone who did even more to
launch the popularity of fossils. Mary Anning (1799–1847) was –
from economic necessity – one of the world’s ﬁrst full-time
professional fossil collectors. It was she, apparently, who sold
‘sea shells by the seashore’. As a young child she collected fossils
on the beach to sell to the visiting gentry, as did other Lyme Regis
residents. After her father Richard, an out of work carpenter, died,
the 12-year-old spent most of her time on the beach and in the
lower cliffs, searching for fossils.

5. This fossil ox bone (left) from the Pleistocene Kirkdale Cave, ﬁrst
explored by Professor William Buckland in 1821, shows identical
damage to that caused by a hyena on a modern ox bone (right)

limestones are preserved uncrushed and were especially sought
after.

Mary Anning
‘ . . . the extraordinary thing in this young woman is that she
has made herself so thoroughly acquainted with the science
that the moment she ﬁnds any bones she knows to what tribe
they belong. . . . It is a wonderful instance of divine favour –
that this poor, ignorant girl should be so blessed, for by
reading and application she has arrived to that degree of
knowledge as to be in the habit of writing and talking with
professors and other clever men on the subject, and they all
acknowledge that she understands more of the science than
anyone else in this kingdom.’
Lady Sylvester, Diary, 1824

29

Fossils in the popular imagination

The cliffs there are soft. It may be that storms exposed a new
fossil bed; perhaps it had been there all along and no one
recognized it. In any case, between 1811 and 1812 Mary Anning
and her brother excavated a large quite complete ichthyosaur (not
the world’s ﬁrst, but the ﬁrst to be described properly by scholars).
She sold it for £23 to a local landowner. Ichthyosaurs, a sort of
reptilian version of a toothed whale like a dolphin, turned out to
be the source of all those ‘crocodile’ teeth. Later she discovered
the ﬁrst English ﬂying reptiles (pterosaurs), the ﬁrst plesiosaurs (a
group forever ﬁxed in our minds as including the Loch Ness
monster), and a relative of the sharks that seemed to be a link to
the skates and rays. Wealthy patrons vied to buy these new
treasures, and palaeontologists in turn competed to be allowed to
study and describe them, although Mary Anning always lived on
the edge of poverty and a rigid class system kept her at the fringe
of intellectual palaeontology.

Fossils

6. This sketch is widely taken to be of Mary Anning, with her hammer,
on the beach at Lyme Regis

Not only do important discoveries tend to come in groups, so do the
scientists. In the 1820s and 1830s, just as Mary Anning was ﬁnding
amazing treasures at Lyme Regis, a whole new school of able
palaeontological scholars emerged who would study them. In
England, there were the Sussex doctor Gideon Mantell, Henry de la
Beche (who later became the ﬁrst director of the British Geological
Survey), the Reverend William Conybeare, and of course Buckland.
Meanwhile, in France, Baron Georges Cuvier, Professor of Anatomy
at the Museum National d’Histoire Naturelle in Paris, and arguably
the founder of vertebrate palaeontology as a professional discipline,
dominated the scene with his encyclopaedic knowledge and
magisterial opinions.
Buckland formally described the ﬁrst dinosaur in 1824. In fact,
Dr Robert Plot in 1667 described a large partial femur (now lost or
strayed) from the Jurassic of Cornwell, Oxfordshire. Not knowing
30

These extinct, extraordinary, but exceptionally real Mesozoic
reptiles ﬁnally dispelled any possible notion that they, or any other
fossils, were simply ‘formed stones’ – quirks of the rock mimicking
living organisms. They were documented decades before Charles
Darwin’s Origin of Species and before any coherent theory or
mechanism of evolution became widely acceptable, and some
people still attempted to equate them with great mythical beasts
such as the Behemoth of the Old Testament. Despite, or perhaps
because of, their strangeness, ichthyosaurs, pterosaurs, plesiosaurs,
and dinosaurs entered the popular imagination without difﬁculty.
In fact, rather than interpreting them as subversive to biblical
teachings, it was easy for people to see them instead as ﬁtting neatly
into an elaborated Chain of Being. The 1820s marked the peak of
popularity for the movement of Natural Theology, in which the
wonders of nature were studied as prime examples of the bounty
and power of God. The Reverend Conybeare (the original describer
of Mary Anning’s plesiosaur) saw plesiosaurs as the link between
ichthyosaurs and crocodiles and ‘striking proof of the inﬁnite
richness of creative design’. Naturally, he dismissed as ‘monstrous’
the ideas of those who ‘have most ridiculously imagined that the links
(from species to species) . . . represent real transitions’.
31

Fossils in the popular imagination

what it was, Plot had decided that it came from a biblical human
‘giant’. Prompted by Cuvier, Buckland studied a new collection of
material and showed that it came from a kind of giant reptile that
he called Megalosaurus (‘giant lizard’). He was quickly followed by
Mantell, who found Iguanodon at a quarry in Tilgate Forest, Sussex.
Both beasts were more than 30 feet long. Megalosaurus was
evidently a fearsome predator, while, judging by its teeth,
Iguanodon was a herbivore. In 1832 Mantell found another
dinosaur which he called Hylaeosaurus (‘forest lizard’). Then
10 years later the anatomist Richard Owen realized that there had
existed a whole separate category of these creatures, not lizards at
all and quite different from other kinds of reptiles, to which he gave
the name Dinosauria (technically ‘terrible lizard’ – presumably on
the grounds that ‘saurian’ could also mean ‘reptile’).

But the whiff of gunpowder was in the air: the hint of powerful
natural processes acting deep in the earth and deep in time could
not be ignored. The evidence of the fossil record had already been
one of the inspirations for Erasmus Darwin’s theories of evolution.
So sure was he of their importance that he even put some fossil
shells on his newly minted family crest, along with the motto
E conchis omnia (‘everything from shells’).

Fossils

Dinosaurs
In 1801 Charles Willson Peale, a talented artist and even more
talented showman, inventor of the modern natural history museum
and the museum diorama, excavated two large and almost
complete mastodons, and parts of a third, from Newburgh, New
York. When put on public display in Philadelphia, Peale’s mastodon
was wildly popular and helped create the fascination for fossils
among the public. But dinosaurs eventually took over centre stage.
The very name contributed to their image, but their popularity also
had a lot to do with the simple fact that they were so big and so
‘different’, while a mastodon was, after all, just another kind of
elephant.
Right from the beginning, some workers on dinosaurs promoted
their discoveries (and thereby themselves) in ways that workers
with other fossils have not (or have failed to pull off ). Richard
Owen, for example, realized that dinosaurs were an obvious choice
for display at Britain’s Great Exhibition of 1851. Life-sized
reconstructions of dinosaurs were created by the sculptor and
master promoter Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins for the great
Crystal Palace in Hyde Park and these were later removed to a
permanent site in south London. When a dinner party was
famously held in Hawkins’s half-built Iguanodon reconstruction in
1853, palaeontology moved a long way towards its modern media
status.
Early dinosaur fever was even exploited by Charles Dickens, a man
32

who was familiar with the power of cheaply available publications,
and whose novels almost always appeared ﬁrst in instalments in
popular magazines. In Household Words in 1852, in the ﬁrst
paragraph of Bleak House, he wrote:
Implacable November weather. As much mud in the streets as if the
waters had but newly retired from the face of the earth, and it would
not be wonderful to meet a Megalosaurus, forty feet long or so,
waddling like an elephantine lizard up Holborn Hill.

But the great surge in discovery came with the opening of the
American West. Once again, several scholars converged on the same
subject. The gentlemanly Leidy (once described as the last man who
knew everything) had been supplied with fossils from the West
by a number of explorer-collectors, including Ferdinand Hayden.
But he was soon eclipsed by a group of well-funded, thrusting
scholar-adventurers who, even where there was room for all,
competed bitterly for the fossils of the West. In 30 years the
arch-rival collectors and scholars Othniel Charles Marsh at Yale
University and Edward Drinker Cope in Philadelphia collected
some 120 different dinosaurs alone from the badlands of the
American West. Together they collected countless other kinds of
33

Fossils in the popular imagination

Popular palaeontology never looked back, especially when the
centre of action moved to the United States. The ﬁrst American
dinosaurs (isolated teeth from the Upper Cretaceous) were
discovered in the Judith River Beds of Montana by the Hayden
expedition of 1855–6. Then in 1858 the ﬁrst partially articulated
skeleton of any dinosaur was found in a New Jersey clay pit.
Waterhouse Hawkins travelled to Philadelphia to mount Dr Joseph
Leidy’s new Hadrosaurus and then offered casts of it for sale to
museums around the world. His mounted skeleton caused such a
sensation that the Academy of Natural Sciences instituted museum
admission charges to limit attendance. A copy was exhibited at the
American Centennial Exposition in 1876 and later at the
Smithsonian.

Fossils

fossils too (although they tended to look for the dramatic material
and to overlook other, equally interesting things such as primitive
mammal teeth).
The story of Cope and Marsh is one of the great sagas of science, at
turns funny, reprehensible, and tragic. But there was no doubting
their determination. In 1875, not only was Marsh in the Black Hills
of South Dakota negotiating with the Sioux for permission to
collect, he quickly became the advocate in Washington for Red
Cloud against the neglect of the US Indian Agency. In 1876, just a
few weeks after the Battle of the Little Big Horn and the defeat of
Custer, Cope was collecting in Montana, reckoning that ‘since every
able-bodied Sioux would be with the braves under Sitting Bull . . .
there would be no danger for us’. Exploration and adventure were
central to the pursuit of the scientiﬁc riches of the West, and those
same landscapes were captured for the public in the paintings and
prints of artists such as Alfred Bierstadt, Thomas Moran, Karl
Bodmer, and George Catlin.
At the turn of the 20th century, Western American fossil
explorations extended to the contiguous, and no less dramatic,
badlands of Canada. The charismatic Charles Sternberg, who
worked for both Cope and Marsh and then for the Canadian
government, collected extensively in the Red Deer Valley of Alberta.
The fabulous fossil resources of this region are now displayed at the
Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller, Alberta.
In terms of public interest, dinosaurs took over from pterosaurs and
ichthyosaurs with the spectacular Belgian discovery of a mass grave
of Iguanodon in 1878. In 1897, a sensational, lavishly illustrated
article, ‘Gigantic Saurians of the Reptilian Age’, in American
Century, taken up in the tabloid New York Journal and New York
World in the following year, ﬁnally established dinosaurs as a
phenomenon of popular culture.
In 1895, the American Museum of Natural History purchased the
34

private collections of the bankrupt Cope from under the noses of the
Philadelphia Academy, and director Henry Fairﬁeld Osborn
(himself a palaeontologist) made the dinosaur one of its showcase
images and attractions. In 1902, an expedition led by Barnum
Brown bagged the ﬁrst Tyrannosaurus rex. Then, in the 1920s and
1930s, the Museum opened things up much further by sending a
series of expeditions (not forgetting the movie cameras), led by the
dashing Roy Chapman Andrews (the prototype ‘Indiana Jones’) in
his highly polished riding boots, to the Gobi Desert. Their original
goal had been to search for early humans; instead, they made
startling discoveries of horned dinosaurs and nests with eggs still
inside.

The last romantics
Few sciences have been as successful as palaeontology in remaining
serious and yet broadly accessible at the same time. A great deal of
its popularity may come from the image of the palaeontologist as
explorer and therefore a ‘player’ in a world that seems glamorous
and exciting. The prevailing popular image of the palaeontologist is
of the rugged individualist. The noble explorer pits himself against
the wilderness and brings back fabulous things.
A great deal of this image is true and partly stems from the fact that,
35

Fossils in the popular imagination

Not to be outdone, the Carnegie Museum in Pittsburgh, with the
ﬁnancial backing of its eponymous founder, launched its own major
research efforts, as did all the other major museums, buying from
collectors if they did not mount their own expeditions. Today,
75 years on, the search for yet more important dinosaurs (and other
fossils) has been successfully extended to the whole world, from the
Arctic to Argentina, China to Greenland, Australia to Africa. And
interestingly enough, the rise in popularity of palaeontology has
brought a resurgence of dinosaur discoveries in Britain, particularly
in the Isle of Wight. Wherever anyone collects, dinosaurs are most
likely to attract the headlines.

Fossils

at the end of the second half of the 19th century, dinosaurs, and with
them a great deal of other palaeontology, entered the myth of the
American West. No longer were important discoveries made by
gentlemen in suits and ties (perhaps having removed their jackets)
directing a couple of workmen in a small quarry in England or New
Jersey. Instead, fossil collecting had become ‘prospecting’. A man
with a horse and a pick – and of course a riﬂe – could venture out
West and, like his gold-seeker cousins, bring back untold wealth
from the rocks. That is an image that carries a great deal more
weight than the reality of the man or woman in a white lab coat,
doggedly extracting tiny details from trays of museum specimens
and preoccupied more with complex statistical methods and the
chemistry of sediments than with campﬁres in the badlands. No
matter that the vast proportion of palaeontology was being
conducted in less than glamorous conditions and concerned most
undramatic organisms like graptolites and brachiopods. Long after
it had become largely a laboratory science, palaeontology was
depicted as a matter of rugged individualism and enterprise, richly
rewarded.
Palaeontological tradition after the turn of the 20th century was
therefore built under a dual rubric: the formal laboratory science
typiﬁed by the development of the research universities and the
dying embers of the Romantic Movement. Thereafter, every
summer, professors from the great scholarly institutions would
throw off their dark suits and ties for the casual shirts, jeans, and
boots of the prospector. And each autumn they brought back their
fossils to the laboratory. Each was an Othniel Charles Marsh, Roy
Chapman Andrews, or (latterly) Indiana Jones. For the public and
for many palaeontologists, professional or amateur, fossils continue
to represent this happy fusion between 19th-century romanticism
and the cold, hard clarity of contemporary science.

36

Chapter 4
Some things we know,
some things we don’t

Palaeontology is a dynamic and exciting science because we still
know the ‘fossil record’ imperfectly. Each fossil is only a partial
representation of the original living organism; fossils collected
together incompletely represent their original communities or
lineages. Our ideas about fossils are incomplete too; we still have
much to learn from them about the history of the earth and about
the great central theory of all biology, the theory of evolution. The
fossil record is full of extinct organisms far beyond the extreme
imaginings of science ﬁction. And almost as full of gaps. Some
species are known from literally thousands of specimens, some from
only a handful. Major discoveries remain to be made, with the
potential to open up new lines of thought or to refute old ideas.
Each new fossil is the equivalent of a pixel in a very large image –
a developing image of ancient, once-living worlds. Fossils are our
only way of recovering those worlds.
A common misconception about the fossil record is that it
documents a smooth process of unfolding, evolving, biological
diversity. For some groups, such as mammals and birds, and for
some major transitions such as the origin of tetrapod vertebrates
(amphibians, reptiles, birds, mammals – throughout this book I
use the terms in their old-fashioned, popular sense) from ﬁshes –
even for the origin of humans – recent discoveries have
signiﬁcantly advanced our understanding and ﬁlled in many gaps.
37

But the fossil record is also replete with groups of organisms that
appeared quite suddenly, ﬂourished, and then disappeared again.
While the larger group (the phylum or class) to which they
belong may be known, their evolutionary parents cannot be
discerned in the record as we currently know it and they appear
to have left no descendants. Examples of these apparently
rootless groups include some of the most successful of ancient
life forms, such as the strange Palaeozoic ﬁshes called
acanthodians (something like extra-spiny sticklebacks) and
heavily armoured ﬁshes called placoderms, peculiar but extremely
abundant invertebrates such as graptolites and trilobites, and
dozens of less familiar creatures. Here there is much work to
be done.

Fossils

Reading the rocks
After Robert Hooke and Steno had established that fossils must be
the remains of once-living organisms, fossil-collecting gradually
became a systematic science and assumed huge importance in
practical geology. Steno’s three great principles of ‘superposition’,
‘horizontality’, and ‘lateral continuity’ made it possible to open the
geological record like a book: fossils made it possible to read and
number the pages.
From the 18th century onwards, as the inner structure of the earth
became more open to view as a result of deeper mining and the
building of roads, canals, and railways, it quickly became obvious
that certain kinds of rocks were associated with particular fossils.
The coal beds of the Carboniferous and Eocene, for example,
contain entirely different sets of fossils. The stratigraphic column
was eventually seen to consist of superimposed layer upon layer of
rocks containing their own signature fossils, the most useful of
which are microfossils like forameniferans (microscopic one-celled
planktonic organisms, modern species of which still live in the
ocean, and whose skeletons are deposited by the billions on the
sea ﬂoor).
38

These signatures can signal differences in both time and space. For
example, two fossil beds might well be of the same age, but if the
original ecologies and depositional settings were different – for
example, if one was an ancient lake bed and the other a coral reef –
they will contain totally different fossils. However, the reverse is also
true, and exceptionally useful. If we have two outcrops of rock, miles
apart, that have the same fossil signature, we can be sure that they
are the same age and were originally laid down in similar conditions.

Steno’s laws
Superposition: At the time that any Body was formed, there
was another Body under the same Bed [that] had then
already obtained a solid Consistency.
Horizontality: ’Tis certain that, when any Bed was formed,
its inferior surface, and that of its sides, did answer to the
surfaces of the inferior Body; but the superior surface was, as
far as was possible, parallel to the Horizon.
Lateral continuity: At the time that any Bed was formed, it
was either at the sides environed by another solid Body, or it
did cover the whole Globe of the Earth.
Steno, De Solido Intra Solidum Naturaliter Contento Dissertationis
Prodromus (1669; English tr., Hans Oldenbergh, 1671)

39

Some things we know, some things we don’t

From the consistency of the ‘ﬁngerprints’ of fossil distribution in
sedimentary strata, the English surveyor and canal-builder William
Smith (1769–1839) discovered that he could trace the same Jurassic
rocks that outcropped in Somerset where he had been involved with
canal-building in a diagonal line north-east, right to the North Sea
coast. Criss-crossing the country collecting fossil and rock samples,
he created the ﬁrst maps of the surface geology of Britain.

Furthermore, in many places Smith could also map the subsurface
geology. Such maps have immense value. They predict which kinds
of rocks will be under the surface even where it is covered by
vegetation, they inform the reader what those rocks will contain –
iron ore, coal, building stones, conditions where railways can be
built, where canals should not. For all this, the fossils were crucial.

Fossils

The entire geological timescale as we know it, from Precambrian to
Holocene, was originally based on distinctions among these fossil
signatures – whether it be the major divisions like Palaeozoic or in
the ﬁnest details. There is, of course, a problem of circularity if we
use the rocks to date the fossils and the fossils to date the rocks.
And, if it were possible that any species could have arisen twice,
independently, then we will have been fooled. Luckily, some rocks
can now be assigned dates by use of radiometric methods, thus
providing both an absolute age and an independent calibration of
the relative ages provided by the faunal and ﬂoral record.
With the stratigraphic column recognized as a unique
time-sequence, the overall patterns in the fossil record became
clear. The history of life on earth was revealed as ‘progressive’,
at least in the sense that it started from a beginning in simple
(so-called ‘lower’) organisms and proceeded via ever-increasing
diversity and complexity. Perhaps the most telling aspect of this new
fossil record was that the overwhelming majority of its denizens
were not to be found living on earth today. The deeper one went
into the rock strata, the more extinct forms emerged – not just
extinct species but whole major groups (trilobites, for example). All
these discoveries not only provided new facts to be assimilated by
scientists, they caused a huge stirring of the popular imagination.
Whole other worlds had waxed and waned before our own.
From the palaeontological viewpoint, living faunas and ﬂoras are
revealed as the latest manifestations of a story of organic change
that has proceeded for at least 3.5 billion years. Once life had
evolved, at every age in the history of the earth, a different signature
40

of life existed; in the familiar Geological Time Scale, with its dates
calibrated by radio-isotopic methods, their fossils now deﬁne the
constituent units, large and small.

If we look further back into the Mesozoic Era (‘middle life’), we see a
very different world, the denizens of which – including entire
groups like ichthyosaurs, plesiosaurs, ﬂying reptiles, and
ammonites – are extinct. In this ‘Age of Reptiles’, the forest trees
were principally conifers and cycads. And, of course, there were the
dinosaurs, one branch of which may survive today in the form of
birds. Some familiar kinds of animals, like crocodiles and turtles,
were well represented, and modern groups of ﬁshes were beginning
to diversify. Various kinds of primitive mammals existed from the
Late Triassic onwards.
Looking further back still, into the Carboniferous Period of the Late
Palaeozoic Era (‘ancient life’), we enter a far more archaic world. On
land there were tropical forests of huge trees, including forms
related to modern horsetails and lycopods, whose remains gave us
coal, and swamps that were home to giant insects and bizarre
amphibian tetrapods. In the seas vast limestone deposits were being
laid down. A yet more primitive world existed in the preceding
Devonian times, often described as the ‘Age of Fishes’. This, beyond
all others, is the world that I would wish to visit in a time machine, a
41

Some things we know, some things we don’t

The general outlines of the changing course of life on earth over
the immediately past 545 million years of the Phanerozoic (‘evident
life’) Aeon are well known. If we trace backwards in time from the
present day, most of the groups of organisms that we are familiar
with today can be shown to have arisen in the Cretaceous and
diversiﬁed within the last 66 million years – the Cenozoic Era
(originally spelt Caenozoic or Cainozoic, and meaning ‘recent life’).
This was the time of broad diversiﬁcations among early
representatives of the mammals, birds, ﬁshes, insects, grasses,
and of ﬂowering trees and plants co-evolving with the insects that
pollinated them.

largely barren landscape where our earliest four-legged amphibian
ancestors eked out a precarious existence mostly at the marshy
edges of the continents and around inland lakes and swamps. This
was also when the ﬁrst vascular plants and wingless insects
ventured on land, away from rivers and seas dominated by a variety
of strange, heavily armoured ﬁshes, including predators 20 feet
long.

Fossils

Further back still, the Cambrian, Ordovician, and Silurian have
often been called collectively the ‘Age of Invertebrates’, being
dominated by trilobites, brachiopods, the odd graptolites, and the
even stranger creatures called conodonts (usually found
represented by isolated teeth) which may have been chordates,
suggesting that the ancestors of all the vertebrates had already
evolved in the Cambrian.
None of this happened in a geological-geographical-ecological
vacuum: right from the beginning, predator and prey, consumer
and food, have had to engage in the equivalent of an arms race.
New defences against being eaten were followed by new ways of
defeating them. For example, one of the most striking features of
Tertiary life is the evolution of hard silica crystals in grasses, and
the consequent evolution of kinds of teeth in ungulates (cattle,
deer, horses, for example) and rodents to deal with those protective
abrasives.
All these changes among living organisms were accompanied by,
and in substantial part driven by, physical changes operating on a
truly global scale. The earth’s crust consists of a number of ‘tectonic
plates’ that move around over the semi-ﬂuid mantle beneath. In
the Proterozoic all the continental plates were probably combined
into one super-continent. By the Ordovician, there was one large
continent – Gondwana – consisting principally of a pushedtogether Africa, South America and Australia sitting somewhere in
the great southern ocean, while Asia, Europe, and North America
were more or less isolated in the northern hemisphere and largely
42

covered with seas. By the Devonian, Western Europe and eastern
North America had joined as a large northern land mass called
Laurentia and, by the end of the Devonian, the continents were
coming together into one great super-continent (called Pangaea).
Then, in the mid-Mesozoic, they started to break up again, the
Atlantic opened up, and the continents edged towards their present
positions.

Undoubtedly the fossil record will continue to change; many new
kinds of creatures will be found and the records of known ones will
be pushed further back into deep time. But it seems unlikely that
the general picture of change in life on earth during the relatively
recent times of the Phanerozoic (the last 545 myr) will be falsiﬁed.
Many challenges remain, however, when it comes to earlier times
still.

In the beginning
The biggest gaps in the fossil record are right at the beginning. No
rocks survive in the earth’s crust that are older than about 3.9 byr,
all earlier rocks having been recycled by earth processes. The period
between the earth forming some 4.5 byr ago and the beginning of
the Cambrian, 545 myr ago, is deﬁned as the Precambrian Aeon,
divided into three Eras (ﬁrst the Hadean; then the Archaean,
43

Some things we know, some things we don’t

The implications of these global movements are still being analysed.
But it is clear that plate tectonics is a major set of factors in driving
organic evolution by producing the environmental context for a
great deal of evolutionary change. Mountain-building, opening and
closing ocean basins, creation and loss of shallow continental seas,
and sea-level changes affected (and continue to affect) climate
through the balance of tropical, temperate, and polar land
environments, major ocean current systems (for example, there
could be no Gulf Stream before the Atlantic Ocean opened), and
atmospheric circulation (uplift of the Himalayas may well have
been the origin of monsoons).

beginning 4 byr ago; and most recently, 2.5 byr ago, the Proterozoic,
meaning ‘ﬁrst life’).

Fossils

A small amount of evidence, mostly still controversial, records
the presence of bacteria and perhaps other microbial life in
Archaean rocks from Australia and South Africa dated at 3.5 byr
ago. The principal kinds of bacteria were cyanobacteria: the name
refers to the blue-green colour, not the production of cynanide.
Cyanobacteria are still abundant on earth today. There is, however,
a gap of at least a billion years between the formation of the
earth and these ﬁrst signs of living organisms. At some point in
that interval, life arose on earth in the form of relatively simple
self-replicating molecules and proceeded to the formation of
something like modern viruses and bacteria.
Between 3.5 byr ago and the beginning of the Cambrian, there arose
a new kind of organization in the form of single-celled algae. These
occurred in mound-shaped structures called stromatolites that
were composed of layers of cyanobacteria, algae, and sediment.
Similar colonies are found today in tropical, shallow water lagoons
such as at Shark Bay in Western Australia, and it may even be that
the same species are involved.
The presence of cyanobacteria and algae in the Proterozoic
means that, for the ﬁrst time, photosynthesis had been achieved.
Photosynthesis is the process by which all plants today tap the
energy from the sun to power the synthesis of sugars and other
carbohydrates from the simple molecules carbon dioxide and
water. These ﬁrst ‘primary producer’ plant-like forms, or
autotrophs (‘self-feeding’), could capture the almost limitless
energy from the sun and store it. Eventually they provided thereby
the base for a food chain, following the evolution of a new range of
organisms, heterotrophs (‘other-feeding’), that we call animals;
they evolved to get their energy by eating the autotrophs. With
this, the dog-eat-dog nature of complex ecosystems had been set
in train.
44

One important aspect of photosynthesis is that plants release
oxygen. An essential feature of most heterotrophs – and all the
different kinds of animals we know today – is that they need
oxygen in order to break down complex molecules to release their
energy (essentially to reverse the process of photosynthesis). The
waste oxygen from plants therefore supports animal life. From
2.5 to 2.0 byr ago there seem to have been relatively low
concentrations of free oxygen in the atmosphere. This is indicated
by the deposition, worldwide, of ‘banded iron’ deposits consisting
of alternating iron mineral (magnetite) and chert (silicon
dioxide). The phenomenon was evidently the result of a cyclic
process involving dissolved iron (derived from weathering of
sediments) and oxygen-producing bacteria in the early oceans.
45

Some things we know, some things we don’t

7. Stromatolites consist of layers of algae and sediment, as shown in this
cross-section of a Precambrian form

(a)

8. Early Cambrian fossils: (a) Circocosmia, a kind of worm from
Chengjiang, China and (b) Sanctacaris, a spider relative from the
Burgess Shale, Canada

(b)

Some things we know, some things we don’t

The iron combined with oxygen and was precipitated as layers of
magnetite a few millimetres thick, arguably the process being
halted when oxygen supplies were depleted. By about 1 byr ago, a
sharp reduction in banded iron deposition shows that
47

signiﬁcantly higher levels of atmospheric oxygen had built
up.

Fossils

Seemingly paradoxically, oxygen, which we animals regard as
essential for life, is actually a chemical poison unless tamed – and
exploited. The new high levels of atmospheric oxygen killed off most
of the archaic older kinds of bacteria and algae. This was
accompanied by a new explosion of evolution in the form of
different kinds of much more complex, multicellular organisms
using oxygen in the new way. So far, most life had been probably
concentrated in shallow seas and coastal margins: but around this
time we start to ﬁnd a new kind of small single-celled algae called
acritarchs that lived in the open ocean, which meant that another
major global ecosystem had opened up. This in turn led to yet more
oxygen production.
Some of our most intriguing information about the diversiﬁcation
of life in the early Cambrian comes from a small number of sites
(called ‘Lagerstatten’, or ‘mother lodes’) where soft-bodied forms
have been preserved. Of these, the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale
in British Columbia (discovered in 1909), and the slightly older
(525 myr) Chengjiang site in Yunnan Province, China (discovered
in 1984), are the most important. Present are several kinds of
multicellular algae and at least 12 different major groups of
animals, including familiar phyla such as the Porifera (sponges),
Coelenterata (jellyﬁsh), Mollusca (molluscs), Annelida (worms),
Arthropoda (relatives of crustaceans and insects), Echinodermata
(relatives of starﬁsh and sea-urchins), even a diversity of early
Chordata (our own relatives) sitting somewhere near the base of the
tree of vertebrate life. Many of these fossils are difﬁcult (and
therefore controversial) to interpret, and some have been given
appropriate names like Anomalocaris and Hallucigenia. Most
interestingly, not only had the great diversity of living forms that we
know today already largely been set in place, many lineages (and
perhaps even whole phyla) had apparently arisen, ﬂourished, and
then become extinct in Precambrian and Cambrian times. The
48

period between 600 and 500 myr ago had been one of intense
experimentation in new ways of being an animal or plant and a
corresponding culling of many groups.

9. The frond-like Ediacaran Charnodiscus fossils from the Mistaken
Point Formation in Newfoundland were ﬁlter and/or detritus feeders
49

Some things we know, some things we don’t

Earlier geologists chose to ﬁx the beginning of the Cambrian at the
point at which they found the ﬁrst apparent burst of life on earth
(with the Precambrian having erroneously been deﬁned as having
been without life). However, linking the sparse record of the
Proterozoic with the richer Phanerozoic are a small number of
localities where an astounding fossil record has been found – a
record so rich and full that we can only guess at the sequence of
evolutionary events that produced it. The Ediacaran faunas (named
after the most important locality in the Ediacara Hills of South
Australia), ranging from about 565 myr to 540 myr ago, are very
difﬁcult – and contentious – to interpret. Some palaeontologists
think that they include impressions of jellyﬁsh, molluscs, worms,
proto-arthropods, echinoderms, and possible sponges. Others see
them as a range of forms whose afﬁnities are still not clear but that
are basically unrelated to modern lineages. One interesting element
of the faunas is the absence of obvious carnivores; all the known
Ediacaran animals appear to be bottom-dwelling suspension and
detritus feeders. Most of them had died out by the beginning of the
Cambrian.

Fossils

Evidently, a hard skeleton had not evolved in any Proterozoic
lineage of multicellular organisms (which is palaeontologists’
shorthand for ‘we haven’t found any yet’). It seems that at some
point before 545 myr ago, an environmental trigger had promoted
the development of hard tissues – usually minerals based on
calcium or silicon – and this allowed the survival of a better fossil
record. There is evidence of at least one major global-scale
environmental event in the Proterozoic that may have been involved
in promoting hard tissue formation. Between about 700 and 600
myr ago, there seem to have been one or more major episodes of
global cooling. These resulted not merely in massive glaciations of
landforms but possibly also a complete deep freeze such that even
the seas at the equator iced over. Under such conditions, life could
have survived only in places like hot springs and deep-sea volcanic
vents. Whether or not the cold extended to a full ‘snowball earth’, as
some hypothesize, or just a ‘slushball’, the effects on the ﬂedgling
faunas and ﬂoras must have been signiﬁcant. Warming after the
freeze was probably driven by plate tectonic upheavals, producing
earthquakes and volcanoes that released large volumes of
greenhouse gases. This resulted in wholesale weathering of rocks
that released a huge amount of calcium carbonate and phosphate
into the oceans – calcium with which to make skeletons.

50

Chapter 5
Against the odds

I collected my ﬁrst fossils as a graduate student, but I had looked for
them long before. In my childhood, our large draughty house was
heated by coal. I knew that people found fossils in coal, so I would
retire to the coal store and pound away with the large hammer kept
there, hoping to ﬁnd a lovely fern frond or an amphibian tooth. (My
getting covered with coal dust was tolerated because someone had
to break up the large lumps anyway.) Wherever people had found
Carboniferous fossils, however, it was not in the places where our
fuel supply came from. But still I hammered away, driven by the
lure of buried treasure. Only later did I learn that the best fossils are
found in the shale layers between the coal seams and that, in any
case, I would have had to split many tonnes of rock to ﬁnd even a
single recognizable macrofossil. Even in the Coal Measures, where
the coal itself is (largely unrecognizable) fossil plant material, the
odds are against you.
Out in the ﬁeld, there is a magic moment when a fossil is ﬁrst
spotted. Typically, you have been searching for days without success
and then you look down and see a gleaming corner of shell or bone
partially exposed in the ground. Perhaps a series of fragments
slipping down the rock slope has led you up to where the main part
sits. Now you must get it out. Without risking any damage, you
carefully work around it with a chisel or a sharp knife. Gradually
you ﬁnd the limits of the thing – is it just a broken piece, or does the
51

Fossils

whole fossil lie there in the rock? Moment by moment, sometimes
hour by hour, or even day by day for a really big object, the fossil
shows itself. Most often it is nothing special, but sometimes it is a
skull, a superb coiled ammonite, a limb bone, a group of clam shells,
a shark tooth, the leaf of an ancient plant. Once it has been exposed,
it may need to be treated with a hardener – a lacquer that can easily
be removed in the lab. Something small and hard like a trilobite or a
shark’s tooth might be slipped into a plastic bag, protected with
tissue paper; a roll of toilet paper is invaluable for this. If the fossil is
any size at all, it will be best to make a jacket for it out of strips of
cloth soaked in plaster of Paris – just like an old-fashioned cast for
a broken leg. First, the top is covered and then comes the point
when it has to be turned over. You slide a knife underneath and
gently lift . . . and out it comes, without crumbling to pieces. Finally
you have it, ready to take back to the lab, neatly marked with its own
number and listed in the ﬁeld book. And then, almost greedily, you
look for more.
There is no way of knowing how many fossils have been collected
over the years. The fossils still remaining in the rocks are beyond
counting, and they themselves represent just a tiny faction of the
diversity of life that has ever lived on earth. Each fossil represents
only a small portion of the once-living organism – usually only those
parts of it that were tough and resistant to decay. While popular
attention is usually focused on the fossil bones of vertebrates like
dinosaurs and humans, the most common kinds of fossils are the
remains of the skeletons of marine invertebrates and the calcareous
or silicaceous shells of microscopic plankton.

What is a fossil?
The best way to know what fossils are is to examine how they are
formed, the study of which has become a major branch of
palaeontological science.
The chances of any organism being preserved as a fossil are remote:
52

many millions to one against. Once any organism dies, its long,
sun-powered struggle against entropy is over and decay sets in.
There is only a tiny chance of it surviving in the ground or under
water before being consumed by large scavengers and small, and
the inexorable attentions of bacteria and fungi. In nature, many
more processes act to remove dead organisms from the
environment than to preserve them. On the whole this is a good
thing. For example, there are some 700,000 roe deer living in
Britain. If each lives for 15 years, then on average nearly 50,000
deer die every year. If this were not the case, there would be an
epidemic of live deer, but unless the carcasses were quickly broken
down, we would soon be buried in dead deer.

Very little of the original soft tissue of any organism is preserved
in a fossil. For example, sharks have very hard, mineralized teeth,
and sharks’ teeth are common as fossils, but remains of the rest
of the body are rare. However, under certain conditions, whole
communities of soft-bodied forms may be preserved. This
happened in the case of the Cambrian-age Chengjiang and Burgess
Shale Lagerstatten. Track-ways made by animals that have crawled
53

Against the odds

For a fossil to be formed, whatever survives the early processes of
decay has then to become incorporated within sediment that
eventually becomes rock. At the same time, the remains will
undergo the chemical and physical changes (diagenesis) that will
transform them into ‘rock’ also. The most likely parts of any
organism to be preserved as a fossil are the obvious hard parts – the
mineralized shells of invertebrates like ammonites and molluscs,
the bodies of corals and sponges, the bones and teeth of vertebrate
skeletons, the chitinous exoskeletons of arthropods such as
trilobites, crustaceans, and insects, and the woody tissues of plants.
Tree trunks are quite frequently preserved. But soft-bodied
organisms such as worms and jellyﬁsh are far less likely to be
preserved as fossils. Numerically the most common fossils are
surely the microscopic shells of marine planktonic organisms and
the tough-walled spores and pollen of plants.

Fossils

over, or burrowed into, some ancient mud turn up surprisingly
often. In relatively modern shells, sometimes colours are preserved;
sometimes the original biochemistry persists in the form of
amino acids, and even segments of DNA in very young fossils.
Despite popular ﬁction, however, it is not possible to recreate
extinct creatures by genetic engineering of fossil genes.
The environment is critical too: whether an organism becomes
a fossil after death depends both on the nature of the original
organism and in part on the circumstances and environment of its
life and death. Sessile organisms (like corals and molluscs) are more
likely to be preserved than free-swimming forms in the same
community (ﬁshes, cephalopods, crustaceans). Organisms living
in ‘high-energy’ environments such as fast mountain streams, or
where there is heavy wave action, are more likely to be destroyed
physically after death than those living at the bottom of the sea.
Animals and plants dying in woodland environments fall into a
rich leaf litter full of organisms that live by decomposing organic
material and are likely to be turned into compost quickly. In the soil,
not only is there biological breakdown of tissues, numerous soil
organisms burrow around disturbing everything and breaking up
fragile tissues. Organisms living in all of these environments will be
far less likely to become covered by layers of sediments than those
that die in or near river deltas or shallow marine lagoons. Insects
and other fragile terrestrial creatures are less likely to be preserved
than shellﬁsh and heavy-boned vertebrates. Animals like worms
and jellyﬁsh and plants like algae and mosses that lack any kind
of solid skeleton (mineral, protein, or wood) will be broken down
fastest of all. The study of all these processes and conditions in fossil
formation is termed ‘taphonomy’.

Before burial
Earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust – from the moment that
the organism dies, a race begins between the processes of decay and
dissolution and those that tend to preserve whatever survives. First,
54

the remains must survive those pre-burial events that reduce the
remains of most organisms almost to nothing in just a few weeks.
Scavengers may eat the carcass, insects may lay their eggs there
and the larvae will hatch out further to consume the rotting
remains. The majority of decay is caused by bacteria, both from
within and without the corpse. If the remains stay in a moist
environment or are washed into a body of water – and of course
many organisms live and die in water to start with – saprophytic
(tissue-destroying) fungi will also be a major cause of decay.
Organisms that are deposited in terrestrial soils, already rich in
decayed and decaying organic matter and full of organisms that
thrive there, are particularly vulnerable (compost to compost).

Some fossils may actually record elements of these pre-burial
processes. Tooth marks of predators and scavengers are sometimes
preserved on bones and shells. Fishes are often preserved with their
abdominal cavities burst open due to gases produced by bacteria.
The sorting and/or orientation of fossils on the bedding plane may
indicate the current direction and force.
Various pre-burial factors may prevent or delay all this dissolution,
destruction, and decay. In general, our best chance of recovering
information about a natural community in life may come through
some decidedly un-natural aspect of its death. Organisms may die
in conditions that are toxic to scavengers and bacteria. The simplest
such case might be mummiﬁcation through rapid aerial drying. An
insect captured in a dollop of plant resin that becomes amber is
55

Against the odds

Breakdown of tissues will be accelerated by warmth. The various
bits may become separated as decay loosens hinges and joints.
Scavengers may tear carcasses apart and carry the parts away. Water
currents then distribute the pieces differentially downstream or
along a beach, the smaller parts being carried further. Plant leaves
and pollen, which might otherwise be highly indicative of particular
ecological conditions, may be distributed over great distances by the
wind, making the task of the palaeo-ecologist particularly difﬁcult.

Fossils

essentially pickled. Peat bogs, where there are high levels of humic
and tannic acids that retard or prevent bacterial action, tend to
preserve remains very well and are basically the source of coal
formations. There are instances of humans being superbly
preserved in modern peat bogs. The earlier and longer that any
such factors apply, the greater the chance that organisms will be
preserved intact and in many fossil beds individual specimens
are still in situ.
One of the most dramatic examples of such special conditions is
the ancient oil seeps preserved at the Rancho la Brea tar pits of
Southern California. Starting around 40,000 years ago, pools of tar
seeped to the surface. Whenever they were covered with pools of
rainwater they became an attraction to wandering animals like
the native horses (not yet extinct in North America), camels,
mammoths, and mastodons. As these became stuck in the tar, they
attracted predators like sabre-tooths and the American lion, which
became ensnared in turn. Birds like vultures, condors, and eagles
also tried to scavenge the carcasses and similarly became caught.
Plant material blew in. Altogether, more than 660 species are
preserved in the tar; there is even one human fossil, a female
dating from 9,000 years ago. The mix of species, being heavily
biased towards predators and scavengers trying to get at the
trapped carcasses, is not indicative of the original community. But
preservation of the trapped individuals is outstanding.

Burial and diagenesis
Aerobic (air-living) bacteria play a major role in the decay of
organic remains while they are in open soils or oxygenated water.
Much has been made in the past of the idea that remains have a
better chance of preservation if they pass quickly into a stagnant,
anoxic (oxygen-free) environment. Macroscopic scavengers are
absent from anoxic soils and waters; in anoxic muds there are no
burrowing worms or other creatures to disturb the sediment
(bioturbation) or to channel in oxygen. This is the situation, at least
56

seasonally, at the bottom of highly productive lakes and marine
lagoons, where there is an over-abundance of organic matter the
decay of which uses up the oxygen in the bottom waters. However, it
seems likely that the immediate environment of most organisms
decaying in wet sediment is largely or wholly anoxic anyway, simply
because the aerobic bacteria in the immediate vicinity of the
remains use up the local oxygen.

Another favourite case for many palaeontologists is the ox-bow of a
meandering river system that becomes cut off and becomes
stagnant. Oxygen-deprivation kills all the organisms in it; they sink
into the ooze at the bottom until the river ﬂoods again and deposits
a load of ﬁne mud over them all. Over-bank deposits in a river plain
show the same result. In the sea, sometimes an entire living
community – a coral reef, for example – may be preserved in situ by
a tidal wave or submarine slump burying it in sediment. In other
catastrophic circumstances, heat and ash from a volcanic eruption
may overwhelm whole ecosystems, terrestrial or aquatic.
Most fossils are not found singly but in groups but care has to be
exercised in interpreting such assemblages; they may represent a
57

Against the odds

Whatever the conditions under which an organism dies, the
remains will eventually be lost unless they become incorporated in
the right sedimentary context. Among these are water-borne sands,
muds, and clays, and ash falls. The most common of all fossils have
simply fallen to (or lived on) the bottom of the sea and become
covered by sediment washed in or raining down from above.
Freshwater lake deposits like the Middle Devonian Achanarras Fish
Bed in Scotland, the Late Devonian Escuminac Bay deposits in
Quebec, or the Eocene Green River Formation of Wyoming, where
so many superb fossils have been found, often show a series of
annual layers (varves), alternating between an organic-rich layer of
organic matter that sank to the bottom and decayed due to autumn/
winter die-off, and the accumulation of sediment deposited during
periods of spring run-off from the surrounding land.

Fossils

life community or, more likely, they have simply accumulated, after
death, in the place where they were preserved. In the case of the
Burgess Shale, the organisms seem to have been killed in one
environment and then quickly swept into another. The famous
Solnhofen limestones of Late Jurassic Bavaria were formed in a
series of shallow, hyper-saline, marine lagoons in which there was
little life except cyanobacteria and planktonic foraminiferans. The
bottom was a ﬁne silt of carbonate-rich mud. As at Rancho la Brea,
the fossils preserved at Solnhofen are all forms that lived elsewhere
and ﬂew in (Archaeopteryx and the pterosaurs), or were washed in.
Once they landed in the lagoon, they quickly died and fell to the
bottom to be covered in the mud. There was no burrowing fauna
and no currents to disturb the remains. The result was a limestone
so ﬁne-grained that it was used to make lithographic plates and in
which fossils were beautifully preserved.
Burial can cut off the pre-burial phases of decay and dissolution and
prevents further disassociation and transport of the remains. The

Environment and preservation
Nor doth it seem consonant to reason, that the part of an
Animal Body should so long resist the injuries of so many
Years, since we see, that often within the space of a few years
the same Bodies are destroy’d totally. But this objection may
easily be answer’d by saying, that the whole Business
depends from the diversity of the Soil: For, I have seen Beds
of a clayie kind, which by the thinness and ﬁneness of its
juice did resolve all Bodies inclos’d in it; but I have observed
Sandy Beds, which preserved all Bodies lodged therein.
Steno, De Solido Intra Solidum Naturaliter Contento Dissertationis
Prodromus (1669; English tr., Hans Oldenbergh, 1671)

58

remains may, however, still be subject to disturbance by burrowing
organisms and bacterial decay will continue. But now the early
phases of fossilization are more predictably entrained. Within these
burial conditions a new regime of chemical changes begins for both
the remains and the surrounding sediments.

Chemistry

Because the chemical processes of diagenesis take place in an
aquatic solution (the water contained in the pore spaces of the
sediment), much depends on the relative solubility of the materials
involved. Many substances – tooth enamel, for example – are
extremely insoluble in water. Bone mineral is very slightly soluble in
water, and more soluble in salt water. Whether minerals actually
will dissolve into the surrounding water will also depend on how
much mineral is already contained there. For most chemicals, the
amount that will dissolve in a given volume of water is limited,
beyond a certain point the solution is said to be ‘saturated’. Many
59

Against the odds

Whatever portions of the original organism have persisted this far –
perhaps including some organic tissues, more likely consisting
simply of some pieces of resistant mineral skeleton – the enfolding
of those decaying remains within wet sediment sets up a threedimensional chemical micro-environment. Here a localized
chemical soup is created with special conditions of acidity or
alkalinity and a dynamic complex of chemicals some of which
dissolve out from the remains into the sediment, and others that
enter from the surrounding water and sediment. In most cases the
chemical trigger for these changes comes from decay of the residual
organic materials in the remains (oxidation of phosphates and
nitrates and then reduction of sulphur). A special factor in
preservation may be the presence of mats or ﬁlms of microorganisms like bacteria over the surface of the remains. These
provide an organic matrix for mineralization and trigger the local
concentration of phosphates and carbonates. Where this has
occurred the level of detail preserved in the fossil may be high.

(a)
10. Preservation: (a) this specimen of Rhamphorhynchus, a ﬂying reptile from Solnhofen, preserves the
outline of the delicate wing membrane; (b) under the microscope this cross-section of a Permian ﬁsh
scale (Ectosteorhachis nitius), from Texas, shows preserved blood vessel traces and bone cell spaces, the
latter ﬁlled with black, iron-rich mineral

(b)

Fossils

pore waters are already saturated with phosphates and carbonates
and this will delay or prevent dissolution from mineral from the
remains into the water. (Under certain circumstances a solution
may be in an unstable state of ‘supersaturation’, and then various
triggers will cause the dissolved material to precipitate out again. In
that case, mineral is added to the fossil rather than taken from it.)
The skeletons of many invertebrates consist of calcium carbonate;
chalk and limestone are made of calcium carbonate. In living
skeletons it exists in two different structural forms: aragonite in
the case of most molluscs, some corals and sponges; calcite
in most brachiopods, some sponges, foraminiferans, ostracods,
echinoderms, and some arthropods; many groups have a mixed
composition. Aragonite is rarely preserved intact as it is not stable
and is usually quickly replaced by calcite. In the fossilization of
something like the shell of an ammonite, once again there is
something of a race – between dissolution of the aragonite and
precipitation of calcite.
If dissolution proceeds completely before the mineral can be
replaced, the fossil may be left as a natural, hollow mould within the
sediment – this probably requires the assistance of a coating of
micro-organisms. If the aragonite is progressively replaced by
calcite in situ, the internal microstructure of the shell may be
preserved. Occasionally, the original aragonite is preserved and
then one may even ﬁnd the original colours of a Cretaceous
ammonite. Both aragonite and calcite may be wholly or partially
replaced by dolomite (magnesium carbonate), pyrite (iron
sulphide), or by silica in the form of opal or chalcedony.
Typically, vertebrate skeletons are made of calcium phosphates
(hydroxy-apatite) rather than calcium carbonate. Bone is a
composite material in which the mineral is laid down on a protein
framework of collagen and it is typically full of cells and blood
vessels. In fossilization, as decay proceeds, the apatite may be
replaced with calcite. The microskeleton of collagen typically
62

becomes lost and the spaces ﬁll with re-crystallized calcium
carbonate from the pore water. This usually picks up a signature of
trace elements like cadmium and chromium, and rare earth
elements like thorium and uranium from the pore water. That fact
turns out to be very useful because these trace elements can reveal
where a fossil came from. For example, fossil ﬁshes from the Late
Triassic Newark Supergroup of eastern North America are usually
signiﬁcantly radioactive with uranium. The apatite of bones is
occasionally replaced with silica (opal); there is even a whole
plesiosaur skeleton from Australia entirely in opal.

In the process of permineralization, dissolved minerals in the pore
water of the sediment permeate through, and precipitate within, all
the porous spaces left in tissues such as wood and vertebrate bones.
The shells of invertebrates lack such spaces. Plant material is more
commonly siliciﬁed than animal tissue, even to the extent of whole
petriﬁed trees. In special cases like the Early Devonian Rhynie
Chert of Scotland, an environment of shallow freshwater pools was
periodically engulfed by water from hot springs saturated with
silica. Here, organic decay was cut short and very rapid siliciﬁcation
allowed the preservation of soft tissues. Other kinds of
permineralization involve the formation of pyrite and various
phosphates. The sooner permineralization occurs, the better the
chances of preservation of details of soft tissues.
Perhaps the most obvious example of the chemical action within the
mini-environment surrounding buried remains is the formation of
nodules. Here, a nodule of carbonates forms within the surrounding
63

Against the odds

The silica skeletons of some sponges, diatoms, and radiolarians are
usually in a form (opal-A) that dissolves in alkaline pore water
(producing a saturated solution of micro-crystalline opal-CT) and is
later re-crystallized as quartz. Before that can happen, however, the
original silica skeleton may dissolve away completely or be replaced
by calcite or, in sediments rich in organic material, by calcium
phosphate.

Fossils

11. The Jurassic ammonite Lytoceras, sectioned to show the internal
structure; the original air chambers have been ﬁlled with calcite, some
of which has subsequently dissolved away

sediment around a nucleus of organic material, rather like a pearl
growing around a grain of sand inside an oyster. The shape of the
nodule and the details of its formation depend acutely on the
position of the remains relative to the zone of new sedimentation
and factors like methane production in the breakdown of the
organic materials. Concretions are found in many sites around the
world. In most cases, the nucleus was only a fragment of organic
64

matter, but occasionally a concretion will turn out to contain a
superb fossil. Among the more famous places for nodules are the
Devonian Gogo Formation in Western Australia, the Pennsylvanian
(Late Carboniferous) Mazon Creek locality in Illinois, the Triassic
nodule beds of Madagascar, the Cretaceous Santana Formation of
Brazil, and Fox Hills Sandstone of North Dakota, and in the Eocene
London Clay. In nodule formation, it is thought that reduction of
the organic material of the nucleus results in local supersaturation
of the pore water with carbonate. This carbonate is then
re-precipitated around the periphery of the developing nodule
(as the minerals siderite or ankerite).

Despite all these vicissitudes, some proteins – collagens, for example –
may endure for a long time in fossil remains. Amino acid signatures
may persist for several millions of years (up to 100 myr has been
claimed), and even fragments of DNA sequences may survive for
100,000 to 120,000 years. The larger the molecules that are preserved,
the more information they potentially contain. On the other hand, in
some fossils all that remains is a carbon ﬁlm, like a photograph
faithfully recording the shape of the organism, on the rock.

Becoming rock
Diagenesis of the fossil remains is accompanied by a whole series of
parallel processes of lithiﬁcation (rock-making). Compression and
65

Against the odds

Despite the general decay of the organic materials in developing
fossils, in special cases it is interrupted so that, as in the formation of
peat, coal, and oil, much of the original organic material is preserved.
Coal is created by the incomplete decay of vast peat-like deposits of
plant material that accumulated in ancient tropical and subtropical
swamps. Oil and gas represent the remains of hydrocarbons
sequestered in the bodies of countless trillions of planktonic
micro-organisms from ancient oceans. Gas and oil migrate through
and accumulate in porous rocks, from which they can be harvested.
In all three cases, heat and pressure are essential to the process.

Fossils and industry
Fossils have a number of directly economic uses, beyond
their contribution to pure science. Rocks made of microscopic fossil diatoms are mined for a wide range of uses, such
as in ﬁlters (diatomaceous earth) and even in cosmetics.
Coal, gas, and oil are ‘fossil fuels’ and the product of onceliving organisms, although there is a growing argument that
some methane gas might have been formed from the rocks
themselves under great pressure. They are all organic hydrocarbons, of which the principal source is dead plant material
– in the case of coal, from ancient freshwater peat deposits
laid down in swamps; in the case of oil, from microscopic

Fossils

plankton living in the sea.
Just as ‘signature’ fossils allow geologists accurately to
relate the layers in a stratigraphic sequence, those same
signatures can be used predictively. The ﬂoors of all ocean
basins, from ancient times to the present day, accumulate
layer upon layer of microfossils: foraminiferans, coccoliths,
diatoms, and radiolarians. Chalk deposits, thousands of
feet thick, from Europe to Australia, testify both to the
productivity of the oceans and to the resistance of these
microskeletons to decay. Today, prospectors for the gas and
oil industries use the characteristic patterns of these microfossils when analysing the cores from boreholes. In that
way, it is possible to read the geology even from cores
drilled from a ship, and to predict not only where reservoirs of oil will be found, but how much oil they will
contain.

66

removal of the water encourage the cementing together of sediment
grains and crystals of new minerals such as feldspar may be formed.
The extent to which the fossil remains are deformed by compaction
of the rocks depends very much on the relative timing of events. If
lithiﬁcation sufﬁciently precedes compaction, the fossil remains are
preserved three-dimensionally intact. Very many fossils end up
wholly or partially ﬂattened, however, and are often also curiously
distorted through plastic deformation of the fossil and rock
together. Heat and pressure play a major role in late diagenesis, but
not in every case. Some really old fossils look quite natural, others
have evidently been cooked.

Trace fossils
While fossil remains of hard body parts and occasional soft parts
tell us a great deal about the original organism, trace fossils
(ichnofossils) give us a different, parallel, view into the extinct
world. The phenomenon includes track-ways, burrows, faecal
remains, borings, and tooth marks that, together with related
phenomena such as raindrop impressions, mud cracks, ripple and
current marks, provide unique environmental and behavioural
information.
Most trace fossils were created within a soft substrate or when an
organism made a mark on a surface with the right properties, wet
mud being the most obvious. The surface must not have been too
wet, or the trace would quickly be lost, or too sticky, in which case
67

Against the odds

Opinions vary as to the total length of time needed to ‘make a fossil’.
The processes of chemical stabilization and diagenesis must begin
within days of burial and permineralization may be largely
complete within tens of years. For the sort of preservation of ﬁne
details, and even soft tissues, that make the so-called Lagerstatten
deposits so important, the early stages must have happened very
quickly. Even there, however, full consolidation and lithiﬁcation of
the enclosing sediments may take thousands or millions of years.

the deﬁnition of mark would be obscured. Perhaps because they are
usually very large and deep, dinosaur track-ways are quite common.
Very rarely, of course, can the organism that made the trace be
identiﬁed as to species; that is only possible under the ideal
situation that the animal is found lying dead in its burrow or at the
end of the track-way, as in the famous case of a horseshoe crab
washed into the Solnhofen lagoon that literally dropped dead in its
tracks.

Fossils

Examination of a vertical section through a track-way usually shows
that the imprint may be pressed through several thin layers of
sediment and the bedding plane that splits to reveal the track may
not be the ‘top’ plane marking the separation between the original
surface and some later deposited sediment. This means that, for a
heavy imprint, the original impression of a track-way may be
preserved in the deeper sediments even if the actual mark on the
exposed surface had been disturbed or washed away.

12. This horseshoe crab, closely related to the modern Limulus,
crawled onto Solnhofen’s Jurassic toxic limestone mud and quickly
died, literally in its tracks
68

Discovery and preparation

Finding the right places and the right rocks to explore is both a
science and an art. Often, discovery of a fossil site depends ﬁrst on
the basic geological exploration and mapping having been done by
someone else. Many important sites have been discovered ﬁrst by
someone ﬁnding a scrap or two of fossil weathering out onto the
surface. Ultimately, ﬁnding fossils depends on two things – wearing
out a lot of shoe leather and having ‘the eye’. While the former is
obvious, the latter is not. The great fossil collectors have always had
the capacity to see fossils where someone else would walk right past.
And it appears not to be something that can easily be learned. Not
having the eye myself, I discovered early on that my best collecting
was in the drawers of museums where a hundred years of work by
experts was concentrated. But those who want to study something
like the composition of a fossil community have to go out and do the
hard work themselves, because it rarely turns out that others have
collected with the same purpose as oneself.
69

Against the odds

The remains of an organism can be lost at any stage and, even when
preserved, fossils may be surprisingly elusive – buried by the
accumulation of so many layers of younger rocks that they never
appear on the surface at all. The rocks in which they were entombed
may be destroyed through erosion or subduction. Only when a
particular fossil bed has once again become exposed at the surface
(the overlying rock layers having been removed by nature or by
man) can it be found and collected. In Western Europe where the
mild climate and (mostly) low altitudes ensure abundant growth of
vegetation, discovery of fossils depends on chance exposure along
stream beds, steep hillsides, sea cliffs and in quarries, road and
railway cuttings, and mines. By contrast, in places like western
North America, Australia, and the Gobi Desert a relatively bare
landscape erodes more quickly and reveals more fossils – if they are
there. Wherever fossils outcrop, they have to be found relatively
quickly before they are reduced once again to grains of sand by
weathering and erosion.

Fossils

Even when a fossil has been found, carefully collected, and brought
home for study, much remains to be done. In the laboratory, the
fossil is taken over by a ‘preparator’ on whose technical skills much
depends. The protective wrapping must be removed very carefully
because the rock will have dried out in the time since the specimen
was collected. Any glue or hardener applied in the ﬁeld must be
removed. Then the specimen is carefully prepared, usually in a
time-tested mechanical way in which the enclosing rock is removed
almost grain by grain under a microscope with tiny steel chisels and
needles. Sometimes mechanical tools like dental drills can be used if
the fossil will stand the vibration. Occasionally, the surrounding
matrix is removed by etching it with acids. If the fossil is made of
something relatively resistant like silica and preserved in limestone,
the limestone can be carefully dissolved in dilute acid, leaving the
silica fossil behind. This sounds like a relatively simple process, but
it is always difﬁcult and time-consuming as the fossil itself has to be
protected with waxes and lacquers while the whole thing is
submerged in an acid bath. Then it is washed and the whole process
repeated many times.
Some fossils end up in sediments like chalk and lignite that are so
soft they can be dug out with a palette knife and cleaned with water
and a brush. Other rocks are so tough, especially when cemented by
iron minerals, as to be impervious to the toughest chisels and all but
the strongest acids. On average, the younger the sediment, the
better the fossil and the easier it is to ‘prepare’. The least invasive
way to examine a fossil is by CAT scan, reconstructing the whole
animal by computer. The most invasive is to grind serial sections at
very ﬁne intervals (for example, 30 microns), photographing each
time, and then to make a reconstruction using the computer. In any
case, almost invariably, many days and even weeks will go by before
the full details of the specimen are revealed.

70

Chapter 6
Bringing fossils to life

Palaeontology is rarely a glamorous saga of digging up whole
skeletons or entire communities preserved intact in a nice soft rock;
most often it is hard graft – picking over thousands and thousands
of fossil fragments in order to ﬁnd tiny clues that can be assembled,
often over years, into a coherent pattern. A great deal of the
fascination of palaeontology therefore exists in the role of the
scientist as detective. A palaeontologist works in a similar fashion
to the familiar forensic scientist of detective ﬁction (and real life),
teasing out the mysteries of a single life and a whole world from a
few inanimate remains.
Palaeontology has several extraordinarily ambitious goals.
Historically the ﬁrst of these was to use fossils in the science of
stratigraphy, and to discover and interpret the structure and history
of the earth itself. Each layer (stratum) of the sedimentary parts of
the earth’s crust has its own characteristic fossils, giving a clue to its
age relative to other strata, and also the original environment.
As the strata, through time, show different but obviously related
faunas and ﬂoras, next came the second goal: to re-assemble an
all-encompassing genealogy – the evolutionary inter-relationships –
of fossil and living organisms, back to the origins of life itself. No
palaeontologist would ever imagine that the resulting family tree
could ever be complete. But every fossil that is found has the
potential to add something to the evolutionary database. The third
71

major task of palaeontology is more ambitious still: to understand
what the fossil organisms were like in life – not just to identify
them, but to reconstruct their appearance, their mechanical and
physiological functions, their ecology, and even their behaviour.

Fossils

The living organism
Reconstructing the living organism depends in large part upon
having a thorough knowledge of the biology of living organisms and
ﬁnding an appropriate analogue among living organisms. We can,
for example, make inferences from the teeth of a fossil about what
the animal ate; the jaws can tell us how it chewed; joints, muscle
scars, and limb proportions tell us how it walked or ran; the shell
can tell us how it burrowed; from the proportions we can estimate
the size of the whole organism. With many animals, it is often
possible to tell whether the individual was a male or female. In
vertebrates, fused sutures in the skull indicate an adult, and so
on. The shapes of leaves of living trees are characteristic of the
environments in which they live: dissected leaves with long points
tend to be from plants that live in moist environments, long thin
leaves are most efﬁcient at gathering the sun’s energy in dry, open
environments, rounded leaf margins are more characteristic of
temperate conditions. At the same time, our reconstructions of new
fossils (and indeed our constant revision of reconstructions of old
ones) depend on, and are skewed by, the living models we choose
to compare them with. Obviously, the fossil animal or plant we
are trying to reconstruct probably looked – and lived – more like
its closest living relatives than to anything else.
Armed with these principles, even if we have a fossil of one part of
the skeleton we can make enlightened estimates of what the
contiguous parts must have been like. Something with the front legs
of an elephant will not have had the hindlegs of a deer, for example.
In the early 19th century, Professor (eventually Baron) Cuvier in
Paris was so sure of his ability to predict the whole skeleton from
just a small part that he developed a ‘principle of correlation of
72

forms in organized beings’ that codiﬁed this kind of consistency. He
was sure that he could reconstruct a whole skeleton from just a
single bone.

As discussed in Chapter 3, the discovery of dinosaurs in the 1820s
to 1850s launched a major phenomenon in popular culture.
When William Buckland at Oxford University ﬁrst described
Megalosaurus from some pieces of jaw, a pelvis, and a few limb
bones, no comparable bipedal animals were then known and it
made sense to reconstruct it as a quadruped – part frog, part
hyena. Joseph Leidy in Philadelphia reconstructed his
Hadrosaurus of 1858 as being bipedal, but it was only when a
group of quite complete skeletons of Iguanodon were discovered in
73

Bringing fossils to life

A great deal, therefore, depends on the palaeontologist knowing
what sort of organism he or she is dealing with. A fossil
mammoth, for example, can be expected to have a lot in common
with a living elephant species. When we deal with a group of giant
fossil organisms with no obvious close living relatives, however,
the problems become more difﬁcult. The dinosaur Iguanodon was
so named because its teeth were similar to those of a modern
lizard, the iguana. But a dinosaur is not just an overgrown lizard.
Nor are ichthyosaurs – as they were ﬁrst thought to be –
crocodiles. Plesiosaurs (which have been described as looking like
a snake threaded through a turtle) were even harder to interpret.
When the ﬁrst plesiosaur was discovered in 1821 by Mary Anning,
Cuvier ﬁrmly concluded that it must be an error or a fake, because
no animal was known with such a small head and long neck and
body. Such an animal could not exist! It turns out that in
palaeontology, as elsewhere, and for Cuvier just as for all of us,
the most difﬁcult thing to know is the extent of your ignorance.
The fossil record has thrown up many organisms that, on the face
of it, ought not to be able to exist. There are many fossil
organisms for which there is no living analogue. And all
analogues are simply that – the basis for a reconstruction rather
than a proof of identity.

Fossils

a coal mine in Belgium that palaeontologists had irrefutable
evidence that they stood on their hindlegs and, to this day, one
cannot be really sure what the tiny forelimbs of something like
Tyrannosaurus rex were used for (although there is plenty of
speculation).
At one time, the huge herbivorous sauropod dinosaurs like
Apatosaurus were assumed to have been too heavy to live on
land, but must have lived in lakes with their weight partially
supported by water. They were interpreted as slow and stupid
animals, as were all dinosaurs: cold-blooded in physiology and
small of brain. Scientists boldly announced that the animals were
so long that nerve impulses would take too long to pass from
brain to tail, and an accessory brain must have existed in a
hollowed-out region of the vertebral canal in the sacral region.
The bipedal dinosaurs were seen as almost equally clumsy, with
their long tails dragging in the ground or acting as a third leg
when the animal was at rest.
In the 1960s and 1970s, the study of ‘form and function’ in living
animals – a combination of biomechanics, physiology, behaviour,
and ecology – entered a new experimental and analytical phase.
Every aspect of biology of living organisms, simple or complex,
plants, invertebrates, or vertebrates, was opened to new scrutiny
and the results quickly applied to fossils. With dinosaurs, new
studies of the sizes of muscle insertions on the skeleton, and the
precise angle of the hip and shoulder joints, coupled with detailed
experimental studies of the physiology and locomotion of living
reptiles (notably aided by motion picture X-rays), started to tell a
new and different story.
A crucial element in this was the description, in 1969, of a mediumsized Early Cretaceous dinosaur from Montana, by John Ostrom of
Yale University. In many respects it seemed a typical small
carnivorous dinosaur, except that it had a huge, vicious-looking
claw on each hind foot. The tail was supported by a long series
74

13. The skeleton of the Early Cretaceous dinosaur Deinonychus, as ﬁrst reconstructed in a dynamic posture by Professor
John Ostrom

of ossiﬁed ligaments and clearly did not drag on the ground.
Reconstructions of Deinonychus (‘terrible claw’, as he eventually
called it) revealed a rather fearsome predator, agile and active. It
must have been warm-blooded and smart. Similar discoveries
followed, including forms like the tiny Velociraptor. And with that a
whole new style of thinking about and portraying dinosaurs came
into vogue. The concept of warm-blooded dinosaurs, and a ﬂood of
new information about the fossils themselves, gave birth to a new
generation of full-blooded, hot-blooded reconstructions, sometimes
erring as far intemperately towards the overly dramatic as older
views had been clumsy and lifeless.

Fossils

Environment and behaviour
Often fossil remains inform us directly, both about how the
organisms died and also of something of how they lived. In addition
to tooth marks giving evidence of scavenging and predation,
skeletal remains often show fracture healing and evidence of
diseases like arthritis; Pleistocene cave bears seem to have been
quite creaky in that respect. The Tyrannosaurus dinosaur specimen
at Chicago’s Field Museum, nicknamed Sue, had successfully
survived several broken ribs, lesions of the jaw, and osteomyelitis
(inﬂammation of the bone tissue) of the left leg.
There are fossils of ichthyosaurs with the stomach contents intact,
and others that died in the act of giving birth. Numerous ﬁshes have
died trying to eat another ﬁsh that was too large. Insects in amber
are sometimes preserved in copulation. Parasitic and boring
organisms leave a number of physical traces in their prey. Nests of
the dinosaur Maiasaurus contain young, suggesting parental care.
There is a whole sub-science concerning ‘coprolites’ – fossil excreta
– a ﬁeld full of dietary information.
Trace fossils are particularly useful. At the Middle Jurassic (168 myr
old) Ardley quarry near Oxford, an ancient shoreline records
dinosaur tracks stretching over some 200 metres. A group of several
76

A lot of the behaviour that is depicted in paintings and
reconstructions of fossils is based on rigorous functional analyses
of structure. Some, particularly in the animations created for
television and ﬁlms, is conjectural and/or based on assumptions
about living models. For example, the animated Apatosaurus in the
BBC’s acclaimed series Walking with Dinosaurs started with a
walking and running elephant. It provided the dynamic (in this
case, electronic) equivalent of the sculptor’s armature, onto which
the long neck and tail of the dinosaur were been grafted graphically.
The effect is superb, but once you know there is an elephant in
there, it is harder to see the Apatosaurus.
Most fossils are not found alone but in multiples. These collections
should be termed ‘assemblages’ to distinguish them from the
77

Bringing fossils to life

huge sauropods had ambled slowly across a limey-mud ﬂat, steadily
putting their hind feet onto the dinner-plate-sized spots where the
forefeet had just trodden. Another set of tracks, heading in the
same northwest direction, was made by three or four bipedal
theropods – 20- to 30-foot-long carnivores (probably
Megalosaurus). Using a simple formula relating the height of the
hip joint from the ground and the length of the stride, it is possible
to calculate that the sauropods were walking slowly at less than
2 miles per hour. Most of the time the carnivores were travelling at a
2.5 to 3 miles per hour walk. Then they broke into a run (at about
8 miles per hour), for a short while – but well below what would have
been their maximum of about 18 miles per hour. It is tempting here
to reconstruct this as the small herd of giant herbivores being
trailed by those megalosaur predators and to imagine that just
‘off-screen’ (further along the exposure where things are hidden by
an under cliff ) there was terrible carnage. But equally, the
megalosaurs might have gone along the beach ﬁrst, and even been
chased off by the approaching giants. There is also the very dull
possibility that the two groups wandered along the same beach at
different times and never saw each other. One has to be careful not
to be over-imaginative about trace fossils!

14. Plot of track-ways in Ardley quarry, Oxfordshire. A group of giant
herbivorous sauropods (solid lines) crossed a muddy Jurassic beach;
whether they were aware of the two carnivorous megalosaurs (dashed
lines) is a matter of speculation. Both groups were heading slightly east
of north

15. While the juxtaposition is dramatic, the maker of these human
footprints did not meet the jaguar that also crossed this Costa Rican
river beach

Fossils

original communities of which they are a reﬂection. The natures of
these associations are highly informative. Many kinds of plant
fossils are precise indicators of climate or even, for modern
ﬂowering plants, the altitude at which they grew. The sequential
layers of sediment and entrapped fossils in lake deposits allow us
to read the patterns of climatic change over hundreds or thousands
of years. Despite many difﬁculties, fossils can be used to reconstruct
a great deal of palaeo-ecological information concerning the
ecological niche of the individuals, the community made up of
all the individuals, and also the broader habitat.
Sometimes the simple geographical distribution of fossils presents a
challenging ecological problem. Large dinosaurs like the carnivore
Troodon and the herbivore Edmontosaurus are found in the
Cretaceous of Alaska; but most people think that those regions were
polar or sub-polar at that time. Even if the temperatures were more
moderate up north in those days, how did dinosaurs survive the
long, dark winter months? It is thought that they did not migrate
like modern caribou. Is there some explanation that we just haven’t
spotted yet?

Fossils and artists
Palaeontologists have always depended a great deal on the skills of
artists to portray their work. One of the factors in the acceptance
of Robert Hooke’s ideas about the true nature of fossils in his
Micrographia (1665) was his superb drawings of the specimens
(as a youngster, Hooke trained with the London artist Peter Lely).
Not all palaeontologists are gifted enough to make the ﬁnal
reconstructions of the fossils they work on, and very few fossils are
complete as single specimens. An artist is usually necessary to make
a single whole out of the parts. At its best, the collaboration between
scientist and artist is truly synergistic.
The role of the artist is twofold. First, the artist may be asked to
create, as faithfully as possible, an illustration, almost photographic
80

in detail of the specimen. Second, the artist may be asked to portray
a theory about the fossil. That a particular fossil animal had long
legs, or blunt teeth, or that a plant had pointed leaves, is a matter of
fact; how they functioned in life is another. In many instances, the
distinction between a faithful depiction of what exists and a
reconstruction of what might have existed becomes blurred,
although it is incumbent on all concerned to make sure that any
assumptions and hypotheses in the ﬁnal representation are fully
explained. One rule for the reader generally applies: illustrations for
scholarly monographs are more factual, those for the popular
market are often more conjectural.

The animals in de la Beche’s ancient Dorset may seem wooden, but
the effect is still one of high drama and violence. It is not a world
into which humans would want to venture except vicariously. (None
of the many excellent reconstructions of other subjects, such as
invertebrate life in the Palaeozoic, produce such an effect.) The
tradition has continued ever since, often creating a dynamic tension
between the desire to show something dramatic and the need to
remain faithful to the sober underlying reality. In this respect,
81

Bringing fossils to life

Perhaps the most dramatic use of the artist’s skill is in the
reconstruction of entire ancient landscapes complete with their
animal and plant denizens in full glory. In museums these
landscapes were in the past often translated into full-sized or
miniature dioramas – three-dimensional works in which the
depiction of the fossil organisms is the work of the sculptor rather
than the painter, while the latter is more than fully employed in
depicting the background setting. Perhaps the ﬁrst attempt to paint
a whole landscape was by the geologist Henry de la Beche, a skilled
draftsman with a ﬂair for the dramatic. His 1830 watercolour and
ink reconstruction of the Dorset ichthyosaurs, plesiosaurs, and
pterosaurs collected by Mary Anning and others, set within a
Jurassic marine landscape, had within a decade become the
model for dozens of imitators and spawned a genre of scientiﬁccommercial art that continues to grow and develop.

16. Henry de la Beche made prints of his 1830 painting Duria Antiqiour (‘Ancient Dorset’) for
sale at two and a half guineas, with the proceeds going to support Mary Anning

17. Rudi Zallinger’s giant fresco in the Peabody Museum at Yale University set the standard for
modern reconstructions of ancient life. This section shows a Permian landscape, including
mammal-like Dimetrodon with its extraordinary dorsal ‘sail’

Fossils

among the many talented portrayers of dinosaurs, perhaps no
modern artist has produced such an array of brilliant and dramatic
work as the cartoonist Bill Watterston in his Calvin and Hobbes
series.
Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins (Chapter 3), in addition to his
dynamic sculptures of dinosaurs, painted some large murals of
Mesozoic life at Princeton University around 1870. Early in the
20th century, the art of depicting whole habitats took a step
forward in the work of Charles Knight, who painted huge murals of
great life and accuracy in the museums at New York, at Chicago and
Los Angeles. In perhaps the last of this genre, in the 1950s Rudi
Zallinger painted a 110-foot-long fresco of the Age of Reptiles
(followed later by the Age of Mammals) at the Peabody Museum,
Yale University. This work, distributed as posters to almost every
school in America and many worldwide, summarized the very latest
in what was known about the appearance and behaviour of
Mesozoic animals and plants. It is a superb work, careful and
accurate, although the poses of some of the dinosaurs now seem
conservative and static in comparison with modern ideas. As a
portrayal of ideas as well as facts about fossils, it stands as a
benchmark to be compared in the long line of other such efforts,
starting with de la Beche, the same way that we compare the fossils
themselves.
Some fossils show evidence of patterning in the integument, but
the colours used in any depiction of a fossil, like much of the
posture and behaviour, are partly from the artist’s imagination and
partly guesses from the biology of living creatures. Although there is
an argument that, if dinosaurs are related to birds, they might have
used colour in their behaviour, we cannot know about warning or
protective colorations, hair patterns, or iridescence in long-extinct
creatures – let alone mating behaviour or ritual displays. All big
dinosaurs must surely have had thick skins, and thus were most
likely a disappointing dull grey colour like an elephant or
rhinoceros.
84

Chapter 7
Evolving

Evolution can be a contentious subject when people do not
understand that the term can be used in several different contexts
with signiﬁcantly different meanings. Fossils have played a major
role in the development of all aspects of organic evolution and
continue to play an essential role with respect to working out the
patterns and causes of evolutionary change. First and foremost,
fossils are the documentary evidence of evolution in the sense of
change in life over time: early simple (lower) organisms being
supplemented by and often supplanted by more complex (higher)
forms. The fossil record gives us a series of consistent patterns
of these changes with time, involving inexorable processes of
origination and extinction, constant faunal and ﬂoral turnover,
and it is a reﬂection also of the ﬂuctuations in the environments
in which they all lived. The patterns themselves are contingent;
at any one time in geological history, what exists is a function of
what existed before. Their consistency forms the basis of the use
of fossils in stratigraphy.
Our understanding of patterns of changing diversity in the
Phanerozoic record has stood the test of time well. Even though
the details may be revised every time a fossil collector sets to
work, the general features are always conﬁrmed. Among the
vertebrates, the ﬁshes came ﬁrst, then amphibians and reptiles;
birds and mammals came last, humans last of all (so far). There
85

Fossils

are no Ordovician mammals, Devonian dinosaurs, or Jurassic
humans. None of the huge reptile groups of the Mesozoic, such as
ichthyosaurs, survived into the Tertiary. There are no living
plesiosaurs (the supposed Loch Ness monster notwithstanding). We
can argue about what processes might have caused all these
changes, but the raw data (the fossils and their relative ages)
remain, not as hypothesis but as fact. If we were ever to ﬁnd a
human fossil incontrovertibly nestled in the arms of a dinosaur
(something that comic strips regularly envisage), our whole concept
of the evolutionary process over time would be almost irremediably
negated. (There have been ﬂawed attempts by anti-evolutionists to
identify human track-ways alongside dinosaur tracks at the Early
Cretaceous site in Glen Rose, Texas.) The fossil record is perhaps
one of the most constantly tested ‘facts’ in science. Every day,
somewhere on this earth, a palaeontologist is digging up a fossil.
Often these fossils allow us to reﬁne our view of some part of the
great evolutionary pattern of life, but they never overturn it.
The second major meaning of the term ‘evolution’ involves
relationship – the concept that all the different kinds of organisms,
living and fossil, can be placed (on the basis of their structure and
DNA where possible) in a single complex scheme of similarity and
difference. Blackbirds and thrushes are more similar to each other
than either is to woodpeckers, and so on. Evolution explains these
patterns as representing genealogy. Instead of forming a series
of independent lines, all living and fossil organisms are related
to each other in a pattern of diversiﬁcation by branching that
is only consistent with relationship. Evolution explains that this
diversiﬁcation has resulted from a process of descent from common
ancestors. Fossils then represent a series of snapshots (but not yet
the complete movie) of a vast family tree, a portrait gallery of all life.
By the time Charles Darwin came on the scene to provide the third
meaning of evolution in the shape of an actual mechanism – natural
selection – evolution in the previous senses was already quite
familiar. And when someone says that ‘evolution is only a theory’,
86

they are referring to natural selection. Evolution as organic change
over time is a fact.

More gap than record?
As a science, palaeontology must be grounded in an excellent
understanding of the structure and identity of fossils. When we say
that something is rare, or another is common or widely distributed,
if we conclude that some phenomena evolved at a faster rate than
others, we need to be sure that our sampling is complete and
quantitatively rigorous.

Charles Darwin, for one, realized that the stratigraphic record and
its fossils, while they had the potential (now largely realized) to
document the overall course of evolution, would perhaps never
provide the smoking gun of evidence concerning how
transmutation of single species actually occurs. We have only an
incomplete record of the history of the earth and life on it, detailed
here, patchy there, missing elsewhere. Huge chunks of the rock
record no longer exist, having been destroyed in the inexorable
geological processes like glaciation and plate tectonics. Other
sequences have not been found, or are buried so deep they will
never be exposed. The late Derek Ager, a somewhat iconoclastic
British geologist, summed up the situation in a memorable phrase,
describing stratigraphy as: ‘more gap than record’ and, like a child’s
description of a net, a lot of holes held together by string. It means
87

Evolving

The concept of continuity is at the centre of all palaeontological
research. In principle, the geological record should present a
complete, graded, year-by-year fossilized account of life on earth.
In practice it does not. In lake deposits one may ﬁnd true year-byyear deposition of fossils extending continuously over a few
hundred or as much as thousands of years, but not millions. For
example, the fossil lake deposits of the Newark Supergroup of
eastern North America provide an excellent record of continuous
change in ﬁsh faunas at the end of the Triassic.

that we must use the record with caution, paraphrasing Hamlet –
‘there are more things in heaven and earth than are dream’t of in
our palaeontologies’.

Fossils

The total number of described fossil species, over the entire
Phanerozoic, is about 250,000. As there are between 1.5 and
4.5 million species living today and the Phanerozoic has lasted
545 myr, the problem is obvious: by any measure, the fossils that
we know represent only a small proportion of the total biological
diversity that has ever existed. As discussed in Chapter 5, certain
kinds of environment will be much less likely to yield a signiﬁcant
fossil record than others. We have a poor record of upland, highenergy, depositional environments, and most tropical
environments, for example. Certain kinds of organisms are unlikely
to be fossilized. (The fossil record is particularly poor with respect
to the insects, which today make up more than 50% of all the
macroscopic-sized animals on earth.)
While we cannot possibly know more than a tiny proportion of the

Imperfection of the record
Just in proportion as . . . extinction has acted on an
enormous scale, so must the number of intermediate varieties, which have formerly existed on the earth, be truly
enormous. Why then is not every geological formation and
every stratum full of such intermediate links? Geology
assuredly does not reveal any such ﬁnely graded organic
chain; and this, perhaps, is the most obvious and gravest
objection which can be urged against my theory. The explanation lies, as I believe, in the extreme imperfection of the
geological record.
Charles Darwin, On the Origin of Species (1859)

88

species that have ever lived, if we conﬁne ourselves to groups likely
to be preserved in the record, such as hard-shelled marine
invertebrates, the situation is quite good. At the higher categories
such as families and orders, the record may be 70–90% complete;
at the level of genus it might be 50–60% or less. A number of
sophisticated quantitative approaches can be used to estimate just
how incomplete (and therefore how useful) a particular portion of
the fossil record is. We can, for instance, measure the rate at which
new species or higher groups are being discovered in relation to
research effort. For example, at the early stages of collecting at a
major locality like Solnhofen, the number of new species described
may grow in direct relationship to the number of specimens
collected. But soon the proportion of new species discovered will
tail off. Discovery of new genera declines even faster, and of new
families and orders, faster still.

All of which means that, as in every kind of science, deﬁning the
question in the ﬁrst place is most important task of all. Then the
data sets can be matched to the question. For example, study of one
particular set of fossil beds may answer a question about evolution
of sessile marine organisms over a given time period – perhaps
revealing large scale extinction. But that will probably say nothing
about what might have been happening in a contemporary
freshwater lake, where speciations might have been at a high. If we
simply averaged what was going on in the two settings, we would
89

Evolving

This question of completeness is important because of the potential
that the fossil record has to reveal not just the qualitative nature of
evolution, but also quantitative features such as rates of evolution
and the patterns of diversiﬁcation over time. In fact, however, the
critical question is not the completeness, per se, of the record, but
its adequacy to answer particular questions. The realistic view is
that, while we will never fully quantify the entire extent of global
biodiversity in the fossil record, we can make quite accurate studies
of portions of the record and of particular kinds of organisms and
certain categories of environment.

Human fallibility
The study of organic remains is beset with two evils,
which, though of an opposite character, do not neutralize
each other as much as at ﬁrst sight might be anticipated: the
one consisting of a strong desire to ﬁnd similar organic
remains in supposedly equivalent deposits, even at great
distances; the other being an equally strong inclination to
discover new species.

Fossils

Henry de la Beche, A Geological Manual (1831)

come to the erroneous conclusion that evolution was proceeding at
some ‘normal’ rate. On the other hand, if the pattern of change was
the same in two different ecological settings simultaneously, then
we would have discovered the operation of some more global
phenomenon.

Global Phanerozoic diversity
Ironically, the most widely discussed quantitative studies of fossil
diversity concern a question that is most difﬁcult to resolve
precisely: how have the total numbers of species on earth changed
over the past 545-myr span of the Phanerozoic? At the beginning of
life on earth there were obviously fewer different kinds of organisms
than there are today. It is therefore natural to ask: is total diversity
still increasing and, if so, why? Or has some kind of upper limit
(analogous to what ecologists call ‘carrying capacity’) long since
been reached? Are there recognizable patterns of ﬂuctuation in
rates of origination of new species and particularly, in the rate of
extinctions? Where global diversity has increased, has that occurred
through increases in the rate of diversiﬁcation, or have extinction
rates decreased? Or both? How, if at all, are originations and
extinctions causally linked?
90

An even more difﬁcult question to answer would be: has total
biomass changed in any particular pattern or patterns over time?
That is, when in the past there were fewer kinds of organism, were
there were more individuals occupying the same total of all
ecological space?
These are fascinating and important questions, especially as we
contemplate the possibility that the last 10,000 years have seen
a drop in global biodiversity. The answers are of interest to
astronomers thinking about the history of the solar system and
beyond and to environmentalists worried about the rate of modern,
human-driven loss of biological diversity.

If this picture were true, it would be extremely exciting – revealing
the living world very much as a work in progress, rather than
holding at some steady state attained in the distant past. And that
would launch us into testing a range of possible causal factors. It
might mean that the nature of the various taxonomic categories
(species, genus, family) is continuing to change over time – each
becoming more and more restricted, allowing the existence of more
different kinds. It might mean that the habitable parts of the earth
have increased in extent. Or that given environments have become
more and more sub-divided, with more and more different kinds
of habitats, each supporting more and more diverse (specialized)
species. Or that each different major kind of organism that has
91

Evolving

Analysis of global diversity over time has the attractive quality
that it can be summarized in a simple graphic. When one plots
the numbers of different kinds of fossil organisms that have been
discovered in the stratigraphic column (using genera as a surrogate
for species, and concentrating on hard-shelled, sessile, marine
invertebrates), a fascinating picture emerges. Ever since this was
ﬁrst done by John Phillips at Oxford in 1860, global diversity has
appeared to have increased (unevenly) over time, with more genera
and families of organisms (and by extension more species) living
today than ever in the past.

18. Changing numerical diversity of life over time, as ﬁrst estimated by
Professor John Phillips at Oxford in 1860. Above, his compromise view;
below that, his estimates for the thickness of rock in metres (shaded)
and numbers of marine fossil species (unshaded), from which he
calculated species-per-hundred-metres ratios of 201 for the Cenozoic,
150 for the Mesozoic, and 26 for the Palaeozoic

emerged – mammals or insects – for example, has occupied an
ecological niche that had previously been empty or only partially
colonized. Or that something chemical (perhaps the amount of
atmospheric oxygen or carbon dioxide, oceanic iron, or calcium) has
changed globally. Ocean and atmospheric circulations may have
changed, probably in connection with plate tectonics. Indeed, all
of these factors have probably applied at some time in the past.
Phillips and those following him realized that a number of factors
could signiﬁcantly bias the raw data. His ﬁrst tallies actually showed
a peak of diversity in the Mesozoic, undoubtedly because the
Mesozoic is far more heavily represented in the rocks of Great
Britain than is the Palaeozoic or Cenozoic. So he recalibrated his
data according the thickness of the available strata from which
fossils had been collected. Later, it became obvious to qualify the
numbers according to the exposed surface area of strata as well.

There is a danger of circular argument when it comes to
stratigraphic boundaries, most of which were originally deﬁned by
the presence or absence of particular species: if those species later
turn up on the ‘wrong’ side of the boundary they will be given
different names. Other scholars have assumed that faunas from
geographically distant faunal or ﬂoral provinces must be different,
93

Evolving

It was self-evident that a major bias will necessarily result from the
fact that we will have a better record from the more recent strata,
both because the rocks are better preserved and we also know
modern animals and plants better than older ones. This is called
‘the pull of the recent’ and must inevitably contribute to the
impression that there are more species alive now than ever in the
past. Also, fashions vary, with some parts of the record dominated
by palaeontologists who are ‘splitters’, naming new species on the
basis of very small differences. Others may be the province of
‘lumpers’, doing just the opposite. This is particularly annoying for
students learning about human evolution; for example, for one
author Homo erectus is a single species, for another it is three or four.

Fossils

so workers on different continents describe new species for entities
that have already been named. There is a special irony here when it
turns out that, because of continental drift, regions such as
Maritime Canada and North-Western Europe were contiguous in
the Palaeozoic. There is even an ‘imperial’ element to this – workers
from one country will name new species from abroad according to
what they know at home. The British in a particular foreign country
would identify species differently from the French or Germans.
Happily, most such practices are behind us, but that still leaves the
problem of clearing up what was written in the past.
Putting all this together, in the 1980s four leaders in the ﬁeld
(David Raup, Jack Sepkowski, Richard Bambach, and James
Valentine) converged on the view that the data genuinely show an
increase in taxonomic diversity on earth over time, although the
increase was far less dramatic than originally thought. But today
even that compromise position seems shaky. It is apparent that the
existing raw data need major revision, which will be a huge task

Geology and evolution
The study of the earth’s interior may conduct us, if not to
a solution of the great problem of Creation, at least to a
knowledge of some of the laws by which it was governed
at different epochs. It has cast much light on the point. It
shows us that organic beings became more and more perfect
from the commencement of life on earth to the time of
man’s appearance. It shows us that during the long interval
separating man from the ﬁrst arrival, the universe was
agitated by successive revolutions; but that since that time
the equilibrium has become perfectly established, so as to
permit man to spread across the globe.
M. Rozet, Traité Elementaire de Geologie (1835)

94

given the number of described species and the number of specimens
in existing collections. Work is now under way to reﬁne the raw
data, and new hard-nosed analyses already suggest something
entirely more logical, if less dramatic, than an ever-increasing
diversity. It seems to be the case, after all, that the earth achieved
maximum taxonomic diversity during the mid-Palaeozoic and that
overall diversity has been essentially stable (with considerable
ﬂuctuation around a mean) ever since.

Extinction: the world of the Red Queen

Beyond the constant turnover of species (‘background extinction’),
all tallies of Phanerozoic fossil diversity reveal a series of
pronounced drops (six or seven in number) in total global diversity,
spread over time. Analyses show a huge disparity between the rates
of extinction and origination during these relatively brief periods of
‘mass extinction’. Because of the extinction of dinosaurs, for the
public the best-known loss of diversity came at the end of the
Cretaceous. Going further back in time, there was a smaller
extinction towards the end of the Triassic. Numerically, the greatest
extinction event of all was at the end of the Permian. There were at
95

Evolving

Extinction is the one universal in all of palaeontology. All species
live in a changing environment in which, as the Chicago-based
palaeontologist and evolutionary theorist Leigh van Valen has
pointed out (paradoxically drawing the right conclusion from a
ﬂawed analysis), the Red Queen from Lewis Carroll’s Through the
Looking Glass rules: ‘A slow sort of country’, said the Queen. ‘Now,
HERE, you see, it takes all the running YOU can do, to stay in one
place. If you want to get somewhere else, you must run at least twice
as fast as that.’ In nature, species evolve to meet environmental
needs, but eventually always fall behind, being replaced by new
species that eventually succumb in their turn. Most fossil species
survive only for 2 to 4 myr and genera for 5 to 20 myr (long-lived
exceptions include bivalve molluscs, reef corals, and planktonic
foraminiferans).

Fossils

least three Palaeozoic mass extinctions: in the Late Devonian, Late
Ordovician, and Late Cambrian. By adding in smaller level
extinctions (for example, in the Late Ordovician and Late Eocene),
some authors have even attempted to show that extinctions occur
with a 26-million-year periodicity.
Perhaps the most important thing to be said about these episodes of
mass extinction is that they were not universal. At the end of the
Cretaceous, land vertebrates as apparently frail and vulnerable as
salamanders, birds, and mammals sailed through. Crocodiles and
turtles survived while the other large reptiles, many land plants,
and all the ammonites did not. The effect was greatest in the marine
realm, as it was also in the Permian extinction. The Cretaceous
extinction is popularly described as having killed off the dinosaurs
but only killed the last few different kinds; dinosaurs as a group
had been waning fast throughout the latter part of the Cretaceous.
This may be true of other groups and other extinctions. As for
‘suddenness’, while the Cretaceous extinction is thought to
have occurred over a few thousands of years at the very most, the
Permian event may have lasted for 1 million or more.
There is an outside possibility that the scale of these extinctions has
been grossly exaggerated by biases in the record. If, on the other
hand, these mass extinctions are real, they must have been caused
by forces acting outside (or at the far extreme range of ) typical
uniformitarian processes, and over a timescale measurable in
ecological rather than geological time. It is unlikely that all had the
same cause. The Cretaceous and Permian extinctions, for example,
were accompanied by mass marine regression and extremely high
volcanic activity that spread huge sheets of lava over vast distances
(the Deccan and Siberian traps, respectively). Combinations of
climate changes (high and low temperatures), atmospheric
ﬂuctuations in oxygen and carbon dioxide, sea level changes,
and changes in habitat diversity resulting from continental
re-arrangements and mass volcanism are still high on most people’s
lists for the causes (whole or partial) of mass extinctions.
96

Asteroid impact has attracted the most publicity and is the
current popular causal explanation for the Late Cretaceous
extinction. The prime evidence is the presence of unusual
elements such as iridium in the affected depositional
environment. A possible site is the Chicxulub impact crater in
Mexico. Presumably such an event would have been followed by
extensive forest ﬁres and the deposition of large amounts of fossil
carbon, but the evidence for that is equivocal. There is even doubt
about the precise synchronicity of the impact itself and the
extinction events.

The tempi and modes of evolution

No analysis is better than the raw data allow, and (as noted above)
there is good reason to be cautious about a lot of the numbers
currently used in palaeontology. However, Simpson showed
palaeontologists that their data were in places complete enough
to yield information on variation, one of the cornerstones of
Darwinian natural selection. He produced the ﬁrst quantitative
estimates of the rates of evolution. He derived ‘taxonomic rates of
evolution’ by measuring the longevity of different species, genera or
families or, most simply, by plotting the distribution of ﬁrst and last
appearances, over a suitably ﬁne timescale. These can be expressed
as rates of either origination and of extinction and the evidence
shows that these clearly vary within and among lineages and/or at
certain time periods.
Rates of morphological evolution within a lineage can be estimated
97

Evolving

Before 1944, the ﬁeld of palaeontology was dominated by relatively
old-fashioned morphological, taxonomic and stratigraphic studies.
Then George Gaylord Simpson published his path-breaking book
Tempo and Mode in Evolution, in which he used quantitative
analyses and statistical methods to probe deeper into the fossil
record, and in particular, to bring the study of fossils on a par with
the study of living organisms.

Fossils

by scoring fossils for particular anatomical features such as the
proportions of a tooth or the number of separate bones in the skull
roof. This work grows directly out of the work of d’Arcy Thompson
and Julian Huxley on the mathematics of relative growth, and in
turn leads to analyses of differential growth rates (heterochrony)
and other developmental phenomena in fossil organisms. One of
the classic cases where palaeontology has documented evolutionary
change is in the evolution of horses, dog-sized ﬁve-toed ancestors in
the Eocene giving rise to radiations of three-toed and then singletoed species. In the process of becoming larger, horses have also
developed disproportionately longer limbs (for running) and longer
heads and taller teeth (for chewing grasses). These changes
proceeded at different rates in different lineages within the horse
family.
Simpson showed that different groups vary, evolve, and become
extinct at different rates and that those rates could be measured.
His approach lives on even though his data and many of his
arguments have long since been eclipsed by the extraordinary
growth in quantitative palaeontological science of the last 50
years. That was only to be expected but, curiously, some
palaeontologists have recently complained that he had demoted
their subject to the status of a mere handmaiden of biology. In
this, they forget where the subject had been before Simpson, to
whom a huge debt is owed for showing that palaeontology can
often reveal phenomena that are invisible in ecological time, but
on the same terms. However, it may also be true that Simpson,
who dared to call his book as fusion of palaeontology and genetics,
was more optimistic about the adequacy of the fossil record than
we are today.

The shape of evolution
It always used to be thought that the best fossil record should reveal
slow and gradual evolutionary change, one species morphing into a
slightly different one or slowly dividing into two. Darwinian
98

transmutation of species should be observable simply by climbing
far up the face of an exposure, collecting specimens inch-by-inch,
year-by-year, as you go. However, in 1977, Nils Eldredge (at the
American Museum of Natural History) and Steven Jay Gould (at
Harvard) found a different pattern. They documented cases where
species remained without apparently evolving (in stasis), for long
periods of time in the record and then were quite suddenly replaced
by closely related (apparently daughter) species. They called this
pattern ‘punctuated equilibrium’, to distinguish it from
evolutionary gradualism – seeing the shape of evolution as being
more of a staircase than an incline.

Ad hoc explanations of all this abound. Evidence from cases where
several contemporary species seem to undergo ‘punctuation’
simultaneously suggests that the speciation events may be driven
by relatively abrupt (rather, again, than gradual) external
99

Evolving

Punctuated equilibrium was a literally revolutionary concept and
could be construed (incorrectly) as hinting at an old-fashioned
saltationism (the idea that evolution proceeds by discordant leaps)
and (correctly) revealing a touch of Marxism. In fact, punctuated
equilibrium ﬁts well with the model of speciation that involves the
isolation within a species of peripheral populations in which
change is rapid, followed by reinvasion and replacement in the
parent territory where a more stabilising selection has been in
force. Such models have been popular because of the difﬁculty
otherwise in explaining why new variants would not be swamped
out by interbreeding in the main populations (a problem that
Darwin partially fudged by adopting a modiﬁed Lamarckism in the
ﬁfth edition of On the Origin of Species). One interesting aspect of
punctuated equilibrium is that, if evolutionary change is
concentrated in rapid speciation events rather than accumulating
during a long gradual history of any species, then different
taxonomic rates of evolution are explained, not as different modes
of change, but as the result of different durations of the periods of
stasis.

Fossils

environmental events. Elisabeth Vrba at Yale University calls this
the ‘turnover pulse hypothesis’. In a developmental explanation, a
set of populations subject to constant environmental stress would
be expected to build up a number of small genetic changes (invisible
in the fossil record). Once these built up to a critical mass, a
threshold event in the genetic control of development would occur,
leading suddenly to expressed change (the phenotype).
Testing any of this brings us up against the sampling problem.
Logically, one would expect any species to be represented by a
number of populations encompassing a range of intra-speciﬁc
diversity. If sampling in a single particular place shows gradual
change, it might simply be that the environmental conditions there
have slowly shifted and a different sub-set of the existing
populations had moved into the sampled ecological space. If
sampling shows no change, it could be that the characteristics of the
main body of the species may have shifted, but elsewhere, while the
sampled deposits merely reveals an outlier population that has
remained static.
Once the concept of punctuated equilibrium had been launched, as
is often the case, a bitter, personal debate ensued between
traditionalists and revolutionaries (the gradualist ‘creeps’ and the
punctuational ‘jerks’). In fact, it is hard to see why one group of
palaeontologists would be custodians of the ‘truth’ or that only one
mode of speciation would hold true for the whole fossil record.
Perhaps the greatest beneﬁt of the debate was to launch two
important efforts: a rigorous analysis of previous examples that had
thought to demonstrate gradualism, and a search for geological
settings in which a really ﬁne scale of evolution over time was
demonstrable in a single, uninterrupted, time span. The only way to
approach the problem, and then only case-by-case, would be to
sample the entire geographical distribution of all the species in
question, over a year-by-year time frame in order to analyse both
temporal and spatial diversity of all the included populations
during a speciation event. Incontrovertible evidence for gradual
100

or punctuated speciation turns out to be sparse because of the
problems of sampling so extensively. The present consensus view is
that different models – gradual, punctuated, combined – hold true
for different times, different places, and different organisms.

Major evolutionary transitions and the
macro-evolutionary problem
The origin of a major new group of organisms is deﬁned by (and
appears in the fossil record as) novel structures and the occupation
(take-over) of a radically new environmental niche. Obvious
examples would be the origin of land vertebrates (with legs and
lungs) from ﬁshes, and of both birds and mammals from (different)
reptile stocks. But such events are usually among the most poorly
documented areas of the record. And that leads one to ask whether
the relative scarcity of transitional fossils reﬂects something special
about the processes involved, or whether the problem is simply
another artefact of the fossil record.
In the origin of major groups, evolution seems to have proceeded
unusually quickly and at low diversity. This raises the question of
101

Evolving

There is an irony here. Most early philosophers had argued that
species are ﬁxed and unchanging in nature; in Judaeo-Christian
philosophy, for example, they were ﬁxed at the moment of Creation.
Alternatively, in both the transcendental progressivist and the
gradualist evolutionary viewpoint, species may be an artefact. What
we see as a species in ecological time may be simply a snapshot
taken today of an entity in constant ﬂux. Most early evolutionists
argued ﬁercely for the concept of gradual transmutation of species.
Punctuated equilibrium, on the other hand, returns us to a revised
concept of the ﬁxity of species worthy of the American baseball hero
and wit, Yogi Berra: species don’t change until they change! And it
requires that the traditional concept of species transformation –
gradual change that, in principle, should be observable in the fossil
record – be replaced by a scheme in which it would not.

Fossils

the minimum number of speciation events required for any of the
major adaptive shifts in evolution that result in the origin of new
major groups (like birds, mammals, insects, or the ﬂowering
plants). Previously, a major evolutionary shift, say from reptile to
birds, had to be explained by piling up hundreds and thousands of
such events and huge numbers of species each differing only slightly
from each other. But this ‘accumulation’ interpretation of evolution
is either false or insufﬁciently true. Many phases of evolutionary
change appear to involve change at a rate that cannot be accounted
for by slow gradual evolution. In the origins of major groups,
evolution appears to be very fast and transitional forms were less
diverse and less numerous than in either the ancestral or
descendant groups. Not until the new adaptive structure and
physiology had been tried and tested did broad diversiﬁcation
begin again.
This suggests a major uncoupling of morphological (change in
structure) and taxic (numbers of species) modes of evolution or, at
least, a high rate of speciation and morphological change within a
narrow lineage without lateral diversiﬁcation. The simplest
explanation may be that all this is an artefact of sampling from the
transitional environments. For example, in the reptile to bird
transition, the transitional forms may have occupied a woodland
environment from which preservation is poor. Perhaps, also, they
had been geographically conﬁned to a small area. The apparent
speed of change might then simply be due to gaps in the record. But
it seems unlikely that this explanation would apply in all cases of
major evolutionary transition.
Darwin himself thought that transitions occurred with low diversity
at the individual level: ‘Intermediate varieties, from existing in
lesser numbers than the forms which they connect, will generally be
beaten out and exterminated during the course of further
modiﬁcation and improvement’. In which case, fossils will be scarce
in the transitional process, but that does not explain the apparent
high speed of morphological change.
102

The concept of ‘key innovation’ may help here. A key innovation is a
morphological, physiological, or developmental change that might
itself be minor in effect but opens up a wide range of new
possibilities. It arises innocently enough in one context and then
turns out to be even more useful in a different context. The feather
is often thought of as such a key innovation, evolved ﬁrst for
temperature control. The tetrapod limb arose out of modiﬁcations
of ﬁsh ﬁns for living in shallow water. The lung arose from an
accessory respiratory device and/or buoyancy device. And so on. In
such cases, a lot of the hard work had been done before the actual
transition.

Both ‘key innovation’ and ‘correlated progression’ make more sense
when translated to a developmental rather than adult context. For
example, in the evolution of horses, the three-toed condition arose
in parallel more than once in the Miocene and the one-toed
103

Evolving

A second concept is ‘correlated progression’ (named by this author
with a nod to Darwin’s concept of ‘correlated variation’ – an
example would be the notion that all blue-eyed, white cats are
deaf ). No part of an organism exists independently of the rest. The
ﬁrst ﬁsh that held an air bubble in its gut simultaneously created
new possibilities in respiratory gas exchange, in buoyancy control,
and in underwater hearing. Normally, the potential for change in
particular organ and physiological systems, and their
developmental pathways, is constrained because of the other
systems with which they are bound up, functionally and
developmentally. In isolation, each could change just so far and no
further. In correlated progression it is postulated that, if they were
to change together, the potential for innovation would be greater.
For example, in the vertebrate head there are elements in common
among the jaw mechanics, respiratory mechanics, postural
mechanisms, and hearing mechanisms. Change in any one would
produce a small effect. Changes in several together, under the same
adaptive regime, would become self-reinforcing and produce a
much larger effect.

Fossils

condition more than once in the Pleistocene – suggesting that the
driving force was not just selection on adult phenotypes but some
signiﬁcant long-term shift in developmental pathways that
produced the variants on which selection acted.
One attraction of the punctuated equilibrium model is that it might
allow the potential for speciation to occur faster than under the
gradual model (by shortening the periods of stasis). It also points us
to the realization that selection must act at more than one level. In a
fully hierarchical view of evolution, just as there is selection at the
gene, individual, and population levels, there is also selection at the
species level and possibly even selection at higher levels. In this
case, the difference between, say, the bushy pattern of evolution
seen in many groups, producing dozens of extremely similar species
(most insects, humming birds) and the low diversity of a group in
transition may in part be due to degrees of selection acting at the
species level and driven by the rigours of environmental conditions.
As the group rapidly becomes more adept (morphologically,
physiologically, and behaviourally) in dealing with a range of the
new conditions, species selection eases and diversiﬁcation
increases.

Living fossils
Darwin’s theory of natural selection put the whole subject of
evolution squarely on the scientiﬁc map and created a new range of
expectations for the power of palaeontology. But Darwin was aware
that the fossil record did not provide as conclusive evidence for his
theory as he might have liked; there were too many gaps due to the
imperfection of the geological record. There were also
inconsistencies in the record of living organisms. In his On the
Origin of Species, he articulated the concept of the ‘living fossil’.
Living fossils (an oxymoron, since living organisms cannot be
fossils) are the exceptions that prove the evolutionary rule; they
seem more immune to the pressures of change over time and
relentless extinction than other groups. Typically there survives just
104

one (or a few) species from a group that was previously more
widespread in the ancient fossil record.
Living fossils are the last remnants of lineages that evolved at
dramatically slower rates than the norm. They are survivors from
ancient nodes along the tree of organic diversity, displaying the
structure (and presumably the biology, physiology, and chemistry)
of an ancient time. They are often of enormous value to science,
especially when it comes to reconstructing the life of related fossil
species. Altogether, we can list some 30 to 40 living species that all
fall into this category. Among the examples that Darwin knew were
several kinds of tropical freshwater ﬁshes, including three genera of
lungﬁshes (Dipnoi), the African bichir (Polypterus), and a
remarkable egg-laying mammal, the duck-billed Platypus
(Ornithorhynchus). He thought that other examples would be
found in the deep sea.

The concept of a ‘living fossil’ is confusing in that it is the lineage,
105

Evolving

Perhaps the best-known living fossil is the coelacanth Latimeria
chalumnae, a ﬁsh ﬁrst discovered alive in the Indian Ocean
(although not at great depths) in 1938. It belongs to a group ﬁrst
known as fossils in the Devonian but thought to have become
extinct with the dinosaurs. When a modern Latimeria and a
Devonian Nesides are compared, the differences, in the skeleton at
least, are staggeringly few. In fact, coelacanths should have been
interesting long before Latimeria was found, because it was already
obvious from comparison of Late Cretaceous and Devonian fossil
coelacanths how very little they had changed. Discovery of the living
species added many new possibilities for study and evolutionary
biologists naturally infer that conservatism in skeletal evolution
might indicate a similar conservatism in the rest of the ﬁsh’s
biology. In studying a living coelacanth, we hope we study a living
Devonian ﬁsh. Studying the biomechanics of the fresh coelacanth
that I obtained at Yale University in 1966 was one of the great
highlights of my scientiﬁc career.

not the species, that survives in spectacularly conservative fashion.
We have no evidence to suggest, for example, that the species
Latimeria chalumnae has survived for more than the usual few
million years; the genus Latimeria is unknown as a fossil. There are
very few individual species that seem truly to have survived in the
fossil record – as that same species – for longer than the usual
allotted span.

Fossils

What all so-called living fossils have in common is that they – as
species or as representatives of a lineage – demonstrate an
extremely slow rate of structural evolution, accompanied by
relatively low species diversity over time. Meanwhile, close
relatives of those same groups evolved normally, species-byspecies. A distant cousin of the Devonian coelacanths and
lungﬁshes, for example, was our own ancestor (and that of all
land tetrapods).
No-one knows why and how living fossil lineages have persisted.
Darwin thought that the pressures of selection in the ancient
freshwater lakes in Africa were, for some reason, less: ‘They have
endured to the present day, from having inhabited a conﬁned
area, and from having thus been exposed to less severe
competition.’ But that is hardly a full answer. By no means all
living fossils have a restricted geographical distribution; the
horseshoe crab (remnant of a Palaeozoic lineage related to spiders)
is found worldwide. Some living fossils may have a ‘generalized’ and
adaptable (rather than highly specialized) lifestyle that allows
them to cope with environmental changes that wiped out their
contemporaries. Some may have survived through the opposite
strategy – being adapted to a particular quite specialized mode of
life, the niche for which has survived unchanged over time, or for
which a successive series of successive niche changes have been
adaptively neutral. Possibly the slower rates of evolution in living
fossils are, after all, just the result of chance. Perhaps one should
also reverse the question and ask how, and why, evolution
proceeds so quickly elsewhere!
106

Missing links
Ever since Aristotle, the living world has been seen as some version
or other of a continuous ‘Chain of Being’. Evolutionary theory gave
this a causal framework that conﬁrmed the continuity of life in space
and time and turned it into a ‘Chain of Becoming’. Our genealogical
record from fossils is, however, full of gaps. These gaps are
interesting because we know where they are, and what, in general
ought to be ﬁlling them. We term these undiscovered species
‘missing links’. A missing link is that species or sequence of species
that is missing from our database because of gaps in the record,
but must exist in principle. The feathered reptile/toothed bird
Archaeopteryx – a perfect ‘missing link’ – was, by happy chance,
discovered in 1860, giving a new reality to burgeoning world of
evolutionary theory. Over the years, a great deal of palaeontological
effort has been devoted to ﬁnding other such missing links.

Largely through the writings and lecturing of Thomas Henry
Huxley, the great anatomist, palaeontologist, and Charles Darwin’s
staunchest supporter, the term ‘missing link’ has always had a
special signiﬁcance in the world of human palaeontology where
missing fossils link us to the great apes. Because of this,
unfortunately, the term also became an item of personal abuse early
on, Victorian humorists often ﬁnding it witty to describe the Irish
labourers at the time building English roads and railways as the
‘missing link in human evolution’.
107

Evolving

Strictly, ‘missing link’ is a metaphor. Originally, it was used as a
predictive term, referring to something that has not yet been found.
In that sense, it is an hypothetical construct. Today, the term is most
frequently used to describe the discovery itself and in that sense
represents conﬁrmation of an hypothesis. In this latter, most widely
used, sense ‘missing link’ is now another oxymoron, referring to the
discovery of an organism (therefore no longer missing), usually a
fossil, that occupies an intermediate position in the record of two
otherwise separate lineages.

Fossils

There is often considerable overlap here with the term ‘living fossil’.
For example, when discovered in 1836, the South American lungﬁsh
Lepidosiren was thought to be the previously missing link between
ﬁshes and tetrapods – not surprisingly, since it has lobed ﬁns, lungs,
and a sort of internal nostril or choana. The egg-laying monotreme
Ornithorhynchus similarly connects reptiles and mammals.
(Unfortunately, the living fossil Latimeria chalumnae turns out
only to be another coelacanth and not a direct link to tetrapod
origins.)

108

Chapter 8
Of molecules and man

One late August day in 1963, I perched part way up a small cliff
near the west bank of Lake Turkana (then still called Lake
Rudolf ) in northern Kenya and looked with excitement and awe
at the fossil human molar tooth that I had just picked up. How
much like me had the owner of that tooth been? How had that
person been related to the present Turkana people of the region?
How long ago had he or she lived? I felt once again that curious
mixture of feeling both ‘the strange’ and ‘the familiar’ attributes of
fossils. Like the dinosaurs that we (especially as children) see as
half-real, half-unreal, human fossils are ‘of us’ and ‘not of us’ at
the same time; we marvel at the similarities to ourselves and are
intrigued by the differences – especially in those features that
the Victorians used to portray our ancestors as shambling
brutes.
No fossils fascinate us more than human fossils, and new
discoveries crop up today at a surprising rate, giving special
meaning to Alexander Pope’s aphorism: ‘ The proper study of
mankind is man.’ Human fossils give us a whole extra perspective
about who we are and how we came to be. They show us how our
forebears lived, where they lived, how they moved, what sorts of
food they ate, how big their brains were, perhaps even whether they
could speak or not. The fossils show, at least in outline form, our
transformation from quadruped to biped, herbivore to omnivore,
109

and give us hints as to the development of social structures,
intelligence, and culture.

Fossils

The human fossil record also affords us a telling case study in all the
opportunities and problems of palaeontological science. It is
salutary, if also frustrating, to write about an area of science in
which one knows that the raw data continue to change yearly, even
monthly. On the other hand, because the human record deals with
material of relatively recent age with a decent chance of preservation,
and the skeleton comprises such a huge number of measurable
characteristics, from cranial capacity to the ﬁnest details of the
teeth or limbs, we can analyse evolution acting at a ﬁner scale and
over a shorter time span (at a scale of tens of thousands of years)
than in most areas of the fossil record. As a result, the human record
offers a decent chance that we will eventually be able to ﬁt together
a more ﬁnely detailed reconstruction of a fossil genealogy than for
almost another other group.
And here, where palaeontology meets archaeology, is also one of the
places where modern molecular science can be used side by side
with the more traditional kinds of information from fossils, though
the ﬁndings are not always in agreement. A few human fossil
remains are sufﬁciently recent in age (less than 100,000 years old)
that we can extract parts of their DNA. Using simple assumptions
about the rates at which mutations are ﬁxed in the RNA and DNA
molecules that encode our very existence, it is possible not only to
work out which species are most closely related to each other, but
also to estimate how long ago the lines leading to them diverged.
Molecular analyses not only tell us when modern humans arose, but
can provide answers to the old question of whether they (we) simply
wiped out all the other species (like the Neanderthals, with the last
of whom they lived more or less side by side) or assimilated them.
Until the mid-19th century, it was both an empirical fact that there
were no known human fossils and a matter of principle that there
could be none. The longest-surviving element of Judaeo-Christian
110

belief concerning Creation had been the transcendent status of
man. Over the last two centuries, as the fossil record made it
increasingly necessary to yield the point that faunas and ﬂoras have
changed over time, two key points were defended to the last: that
God was responsible at least for the natural laws that control all
creation (even if it did not occur in a single event) and that man had
been God’s direct creation, independent of other events, processes,
and causes in nature.

In 1921, the Broken Hill (Zambia) skull was described. Three years
later, Raymond Dart in South Africa discovered the ﬁrst
Australopithecus. Robert Broom’s discoveries in the 1930s and
1940 ﬁrmly placed Australopithecus and Paranthropus at the root
of human ancestry. After the war came a major period of discoveries
in East Africa at Olduvai Gorge and other sites, by L. S. B. Leakey
and his wife Mary, and then later their son Richard. In the 1970s,
Donald Johanson and others made magniﬁcent discoveries in
Ethiopia. In the last 30 years, the history of early hominids has
been substantially ﬂeshed out with an explosion of breathtaking
discoveries throughout Africa, Europe, and Asia. There is no reason
to believe that this will not continue for a long time.
Even before the ﬁrst human fossils had been discovered, a growing
111

Of molecules and man

The discovery of human fossils in Neander Valley of Germany in
1856 changed all that and also coincided with the advent of
Darwinian theory, within which humans are subject to the same
natural laws as all else in this world. The next great discovery came
in 1891, when Eugene Dubois, under the inﬂuence of Humboldt, set
off to ﬁnd fossil man in Indonesia and succeeded brilliantly with the
discovery of Java Man – Pithecanthropus (now Homo) erectus – in
every sense a missing link between man and the apes. The
subsequent discovery of European Cro-Magnon man seemed to
bridge the gap between the Neanderthals and modern humans.
Then in the 20th century, the focus of attention moved to Africa and
to a cascade of discoveries about the earlier phases of our ancestry.

Fossils

body of evidence had already shown that human history would one
day be traced back into the tangle of primate relationships
represented by the living apes, monkeys, and their relatives. Central
to this was the discovery that the living great apes – the orang-utan
(discovered in 1778), the chimpanzee (1788), and the gorilla (1847)
– are so very similar to us anatomically and behaviourally. When
chimps and orang-utans were put on display at zoos, dressed up as
children to hold tea parties, the effect on the Victorian public was
staggering. From then on, whereas a relationship between a man
and something like a monkey might be far-fetched, as Thomas
Henry Huxley put it, metaphorically at least: ‘I would not be
ashamed to have an ape for a grandfather.’
The term ‘human’ is variously taken to mean just our own species,
Homo sapiens, or the members of the family Hominidae in which
we belong, together with all our extinct relatives, the closest of
which are in ‘our’ genus: the fossils H. neanderthalensis,
H. heidelbergensis, H. erectus, H. ergaster, H. rudolfensis, and
H. habilis. The species H. rhodesiensis, H. antecessor, and
H. mauretanicus, and a few others are less uniformly agreed upon.

Darwin at the Zoo
She (Jenny the orang-utan) threw herself on her back, kicked
& cried, precisely like a naughty child. – She then looked very
sulky and after two or three ﬁts of passion, the keeper said,
‘Jenny, if you will stop bawling & be a good girl I will give you
the apple’. – She certainly understood every word of this, &,
though, like a child, she had great work to stop whining, she
at last succeeded, & then got the apple, with which she
jumped into an arm chair & began eating it, with the most
contented countenance imaginable.
Charles Darwin, letter to his sister Susan Darwin, 1 April 1838

112

The genus Australopithecus includes A. africanus, A. anamensis,
A. ramidus, and A. afarensis. Paranthropus includes P. boisei,
P. aethiopicus, and P. robustus. All these lived in the last 5 million
years. The Hominidae plus the apes (Pongidae) make up the
Hominoidea. Thus all humans are hominids, but not all hominoids
are human.

At the modern end of the family tree, a number of molecular studies
have given dates for the oldest common ancestor of all living humans
at between 400,000 and 120,000 years, with the latest studies
suggesting a date of 175,000 plus or minus 50,000. As these dates
are based on mitochondrial DNA, which is only inherited maternally
through the egg, this oldest point of divergence has been dubbed ‘Eve’.
DNA evidence cannot reach very far back in time. Only fossils can
tell us what happened between the chimp–human divergence and
the origin of thoroughly modern humans. So far, the period
between 5 myr and about 2.5 myr ago can be shown to have been
dominated ﬁrst by Australopithecus and then by Paranthropus
(living about 2.7 myr to 1.3 myr ago). Neither of these genera has
113

Of molecules and man

Analyses of the DNA of hominoids conﬁrm that the closest relatives
of humans are the chimpanzees. While we may look different
facially from chimps as adults, the resemblance between a baby
chimp and a human amply conﬁrms the molecular evidence. We are
not descended from any kind of actual chimpanzee, however;
instead, the molecular evidence shows that the lines leading to
modern (and extinct) humans on the one hand, and to modern
chimpanzees on the other, diverged some 6 million years ago. Three
relatively recent discoveries of very primitive hominids –
Ardipithecus from Ethiopia (A. kadabba dated at 4.2 myr and
A. ramidus at 4.5 myr), Sahelanthropus from Chad (between 6 and
7 myr), and Orrorin from Kenya (6 myr) – seem to conﬁrm this.
Morphologically, they appear close to the human–ape transition.
They are either precursors of modern apes, or of humans, or of
both.

Fossils

been found outside of Africa. The earliest known Australopithecus
is A. anamensis (4.2 myr) from Kanapoi and Allia Bay in Kenya.
Australopithecus afarensis – especially as represented by the
famous ‘Lucy’ skeleton from Haddar, Ethiopia. Lucy, discovered by
a group led by Donald Johanson in 1974, had a primitive kind of
bipedal locomotion. Not only do the structure of the hip and knee
joints indicate an upright posture, track-ways from Laetoli, Tanzania,
deﬁnitely show a bipedal animal with a version of a striding gait.
These were among the ﬁrst hominids to make the transition from
forests to the open woodlands that were then extending rapidly
across the African landscape, driven by a phase of climatic cooling.
Their brains (around 400–500 cm3) were still relatively small
compared with Homo, but were quite large in comparison with a
chimpanzee. The dentition suggests a diet in transition from a
wholly vegetarian diet of fruits, roots, and leaves to a mixed diet
including small animal prey. They lived in extended family groups.
From something like Australopithecus, two lines of evolution
emerged. Paranthropus was a sideline of hominids in which the
body build was heavy and ‘robust’. They became extinct by about
1.4 myr ago, their last representative (so far) being Leakey’s famous
Paranthropus (formerly Zinjanthropus) boisei, which acquired
the name ‘nutcracker man’ from its huge lower jaw and teeth. The
second line led to the genus Homo.

Our immediate ancestors
Over the past 30 years, a general picture of the immediate ancestry
of Homo sapiens has become clear, although there is still much to be
done. The subject offers a good example of the difﬁculties that apply
when one looks into the ﬁner details of any fossil lineage(s).
Undoubtedly there are still gaps in the story. Because older
discoveries tended ﬁrst to be assigned to new species and even
genera, a great deal of work has had to be done in clearing up old
taxonomies and the ﬁeld is littered with names such as
Pithecanthropus (du Bois’s ‘Java man’) and Sinanthropus (‘Peking
114

man’) that are no longer thought valid. Study of human fossils is
further complicated by the (invaluable) fact that, almost monthly,
the ‘earliest date’ for any piece of evidence is pushed back. Less than
10 years ago, for example, the date of human migration out of Africa
was 1 myr ago; now it is 2 myr ago. As more and more fossils are
found, to hijack a quote from my old teacher Alfred Sherwood
Romer on mammal origins, ‘increasing knowledge leads to
triumphant loss of clarity’.

Currently the oldest members of a broadly deﬁned genus Homo are
H. rudolfensis, from about 2.5 myr old localities east of Lake
Turkana, Kenya, and H. habilis. These were followed quite quickly
by H. ergaster and H. erectus (du Bois’s original Pithecanthropus).

How to distinguish species
Tattersall’s law states that if you can tell two skulls apart
at ﬁfty paces, you have two genera, while if you have to
scrutinize them up close to tell the difference, all you have is
two species. Of course, this is an oversimpliﬁcation . . .
Ian Tattersall, The Fossil Trail (1995)

115

Of molecules and man

One of the more difﬁcult tasks is to ﬁx the distinctions among
species. This looks easy when you have species separated by tens
of millions of years, but at the ﬁne scale of resolution in the fossil
record where distributions overlap and the structural features
seem to grade one into another, it is much harder. Variation at
the population, species, or even generic level turns out to be
difﬁcult to calibrate. However, setting all hominid fossils apart
from the (other) great apes are: reduction in the size of the
dentition, large brain capacity, and a more domed cranial vault,
various aspects of the skeleton to do with a bipedal upright
stance, and, in the later stages, some kind of culture involving
crudely made tools.

Fossils

Some workers divide an Asian species H. erectus from separate
African species H. antecessor and/or H. mauretanicus.
H. rudolfensis had a cranial capacity of 700–800 cm3; that of
H. habilis was smaller at 500–700 cm3, H. ergaster was ‘brainier’
still at 600–1000 cm3, and H. erectus had a cranial capacity of
900–1200 cm3.
Somewhere between 1 myr and 800,000 years ago, the ancestors
of Homo sapiens arose possibly out of Homo ergaster via Homo
antecessor or (in a rival scenario, see below) from Homo erectus. The
brain in modern Homo sapiens ranges from 1200 to 1800 cm3,
averaging at 1400 cm3. But, when you include all the fossils, Homo
sapiens itself turns out to be difﬁcult to deﬁne. The brain is very
large, the cranium high and rounded, the face vertical: but how big,
rounded, or vertical? In contradiction to the modern fashion
elsewhere in palaeontology for ‘punctuated equilibrium’ as a model
for evolutionary change, workers with human material tend to see
things gradualistically and several kinds of Homo sapiens are
currently recognized. An archaic form seems to have existed from
about 250 thousand years (kyr) ago in the form of inconclusive
material fossils from a range of African sites. The best-preserved
‘early modern’ H. sapiens come from 160-kyr-old specimens from
the Herto locality in Ethiopia; related material from Kenya is dated
at 195 kyr. This ﬁts pretty well with the molecular ‘Eve’ data.
The oldest thoroughly modern H. sapiens come from the Klasies
River Mouth caves in South Africa and Qafzeh cave in Israel, dated
at some 90 kyr and 115 kyr, respectively. Advanced features included
a large cranium, globular braincase, and a domed forehead, but
even so they retained a more archaic, wide inter-orbital breadth,
low nose and ﬂat mid-face than in present populations. Homo
sapiens seems to be a work in progress.
It is even more difﬁcult to ﬁnd morphological evidence for the
origins of complex cultures and, by implication, the ﬁrst evolution
of a conscious, rational intellect. (Something like the origin of
116

Of molecules and man

19. The oldest thoroughly modern humans (around 100,000 years old)
were found at Qafzeh cave in Israel

speech is particularly hard to pinpoint, because the key
cartilagenous elements of the larynx are not preserved, although
one can make inferences from the thorax and skull base.)
Nonetheless, there are some milestones. Tool-making has usually
(as a matter of principle) been seen as a unique characteristic of the
genus Homo. In fact, tool-making of the most primitive ‘Oldowan’
type seems to have started around 2.5 myr ago, either in late
Australopithecines or in Homo ergaster, and somewhat predates the
development of a signiﬁcantly larger brain, which occurred
somewhere in the Homo habilis/Homo ergaster divergence. These
tools consisted of simple hand axes and sharp ﬂakes of stone used as
117

Fossils

knives and scrapers – the Stone Age had begun. Presumably these
early people had much earlier used sharpened sticks, possibly with
their points hardened in ﬁre, as tools, but the earliest fossil evidence
for controlled ﬁre dates back to some 790,000 years ago (H. erectus
or H. ergaster).
Around 1.5 myr ago, Homo ergaster made a further signiﬁcant
innovation, one that in many senses preﬁgures the entire history of
human technology. In the Acheulean tool type (‘the Swiss Army
Knife of the Palaeolithic’), ﬂakes were removed from both sides of a
stone core (quartz, ﬂint, obsidian) so as to shape a complex tool – a
more sophisticated axe that could puncture as well as crush, a knife,
and even eventually a spear head or an arrow head. What kind of
intelligence, social structure, or culture these large-brained early
humans enjoyed is not possible to tell. How did they communicate:
by grunts and gestures, or something more advanced? Cave
painting ranges back only to about 35,000 BC. The making of beads
out of shells has recently been suggested to range back to
70,000 BC. Therefore, there must have been a very large gap in time
between the evolution of what we see as a thoroughly modern brain
(and advanced skeletal anatomy) and the inception of modern
patterns of use of that brain.
A word needs to be added here about Neanderthals, which
popularly still conjure up images of brutish, shambling ape-men. In
fact, Neanderthals were big people, intelligent hunters with a short,
powerful physique; a big, long head with very heavy brow ridges; a
large nose; and a weak chin. They lived in family groups with
a quite small home territory. It used to be thought that
H. neanderthalensis was the ancestor of H. sapiens – things were
easier when so few fossils were known! Most current opinion
(but not unanimously) holds that H. neanderthalensis arose
independently from within H. heidelbergensis or from a separate
stock within H. erectus or H. rhodesiensis. The palaeontological
evidence shows that in the Levant, around 100,000 years ago,
H. sapiens and H. neanderthalensis lived in the same region and
118

possibly, sometimes, together. They are both associated with
advanced stone tools and with ritual burials. In Europe, the story
may have been different – the arrival of H. sapiens (no more than
50,000 years ago) being followed relatively quickly by the
extinction of Neanderthals (at about 30,000 years ago). The
obvious possibility is that H. sapiens caused the extinction of
H. neanderthalensis – through competition for food, or shelter sites,
or perhaps in outright warfare. But, equally, it has long been
wondered whether modern humans interbred with Neanderthals
and simply swamped them out genetically. DNA has been extracted
from Neanderthal bones and, so far, analyses have turned up no
evidence of interbreeding between the two. But many authorities
believe that there must have been such interbreeding, even if there
are no living descendants of such crosses.

When the Roman historian Pliny the Elder (copying Aristotle)
wrote ‘ex Africa semper aliquid novi’ (there is always something
new out of Africa), he cannot have dreamt how apposite this
would be.
Because of the intense cultural overload, the study of human fossils
has been beset by an even greater load of theoretical positions,
usually held without or despite empirical data, than other areas of
palaeontology. Human studies are rife with the search for ancestors,
every new discovery tending to be assigned to an ancestral position
in the main line to modern man instead of the more likely cousinly
dead-end. It was long held, for example, that no more than one
hominid species would (could) exist at any one time.
Palaeo-anthropologists have also clung to various theories about the
order of change among locomotor, dental, brain, and cultural
adaptations, and about the patterns of hominid radiations in time
and space. The latest theory to dominate the study of human origins
proposes that Africa was at the centre of all human revolutionary
radiations. And indeed, the one thing that all genera of human
119

Of molecules and man

Out of Africa

Fossils

fossils have in common is Africa. No human fossils between the ages
of 5 myr ago to 2 myr ago are known outside of that continent. Yet.
With human fossils, we have the opportunity to look at evolution on
a very ﬁne scale and to hypothesize about population migrations.
The popular ‘out of Africa’ theory posits that Africa was the source
of all the species that later colonized Eurasia, starting with Homo
erectus, which had spread out of Africa into Asia by 2 myr ago and
into Europe by 1.3 myr ago. Fossil evidence states that Homo
sapiens arose some 250,000 yr ago, but its exodus from Africa
occurred no earlier than about 100,000 years ago, and we had not
colonized the entire Old World until 35,000 years ago. For
comparison, the latest dates given by genetic comparisons of
modern African and non-African populations give an age for the
last common ancestor of all non-African H. sapiens of some 52,000
years, but with an experimental error of plus or minus 21,000 years
(there is a mismatch here, as H. sapiens had crossed the oceanic
barrier to Australia by some 60,000 years ago). There is also genetic
evidence that initial population numbers in the ﬁrst non-African
populations were very small, going through a bottleneck on origin
and again at about 35,000 years, which again neatly corresponds
with the step in brain size increase and the advent of complex
cultures. Reduction to very small population numbers will have
increased the level of inbreeding, and this may possibly explain the
high incidence of generic-based disease in living humans.
Homo heidelbergensis was in Europe and Asia by 500 kyr ago and
H. neanderthalensis was in Europe at least 50,000 years before
H. sapiens. In the ‘out of Africa’ theory, Homo sapiens caused the
extinction of these other humans across the whole of its range,
without any interbreeding. In this model, the modern races of
humans have become differentiated only in the last 60,000 years or
so. The alternative view is the ‘multiregional continuity model’,
which posits that H. erectus was broadly transformed to H. sapiens
across its entire range. H. erectus having diversiﬁed racially, the
present races of H. sapiens developed in parallel from those older
120

20. This is the simplest of many possible phylogenies of
Australopithecus, Paranthropus, and Homo. We may conﬁdently expect
that this bare ‘tree’ will soon be expanded to a dense, leafy growth

Fossils

diversiﬁcations. This is a debate that may not be soluble through the
fossils alone unless Homo erectus can be shown to belong on a
separate parallel line out of H. ergaster and not on the main line to
Homo sapiens at all. The current ‘molecular Eve’ data steer us ﬁrmly
to the ‘out of Africa’ scenario. Some workers favour an intermediate
‘assimilation’ model, with a single migratory H. sapiens stock locally
interbreeding with parts of the indigenous H. erectus.
There are three different issues here: one concerns whether or not
Homo sapiens spread over the whole of Eurasia from a single stock
and only diversiﬁed afterwards; a second question is whether this
stock was African; and, thirdly, the whole argument depends on an
accurate genealogy of Homo sapiens. The fact is that we have no
human sites outside of Africa from 5 to roughly 2 myr ago. So
naturally we see events as having proceeded from out of Africa.
However, given the pace of new discovery in this ﬁeld, it would be a
very brave person indeed who would bet that such sites will never be
found. And we can be certain that our present view of human
ancestry is not the ﬁnal, complete one.
Fifty years ago, human evolution was the stepchild of palaeontology,
bedevilled by a lack of data and a surfeit of theory. Now it is
becoming an object lesson in the combined use of fossils and
molecules in the reconstruction of phylogeny. Perhaps the
evolutionary history of our own species was different from that of
other species because of the factor of intelligence. Perhaps the
origins of other species would look like this if viewed over the right
timeframe – a complex story involving populations passing through
severe bottlenecks, yet migrating over vast distances in short time
spans; a species that perhaps assimilated related species, perhaps
totally annihilated them, while continuing to advance structurally
and behaviourally. All this is set in a context of environmental
cycling between extremes, with advances and retreats of the ice and
correlated closing and opening of lands and seas for subsistence
and migration.

122

Chapter 9
Fakes and fortunes

As with postage stamps, coins, and Old Master paintings, the best
fossils are rare and prohibitively costly. The important ones – the
fossils that, like great works of art, break new ground – are few in
any case, but perfectly preserved ones are even rarer in comparison
with incomplete and broken ones. At the other end of the scale, the
seemingly limitless supply of ﬁshes and other fossils from the
Eocene Green River Formation of Wyoming used to be available for
the proverbial song. But no more: all fossils are now big business.
Prices have risen dramatically in the last two decades due the
immense popularity of palaeontology and a growing realization of
the attractiveness of a well-prepared and displayed fossil. A poor
ammonite from Morocco is today offered on a stall at the Oxford
market for £75 and in New York City for $150. An 18-inch
Diplomystus (a herring relative) from the Green River Eocene
of Wyoming recently sold for $2,000 (and yet Diplomystus from
Green River are common).
Mary Anning sold her ﬁrst ichthyosaur from Lyme Regis for £23
(around £1,400 in today’s money) in 1812; ten years later she sold a
plesiosaur for £157 (equivalent today to some £9,000). The British
Museum Archaeopteryx specimen of 1861 cost £700 (today,
£35,000). O. C. Marsh paid US$1,000 in 1873 (today $15,000) for
a pterodactyl from Eichstatt, a perfect Rhamphorhynchus, showing
the membrane of the wing. All those numbers today would have to
123

Fossils

be multiplied another 10 to 20 times. A new Archaeopteryx
specimen would certainly sell for at least half a million pounds.
The record price for any fossil is the $8.4 million paid by a
consortium including the Field Museum of Natural History in
Chicago for the almost complete Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton ‘Sue’
in 1997. Fossils also have immense value in the academic sphere. A
single really important fossil discovery could make the difference
in a person’s academic career and therefore be worth, over 20 years,
many hundreds of thousands of pounds in salary and beneﬁts.
Quite apart from the ﬁscal angle, there has always been an uneasy
relationship between collectors and academics. Once again, it goes
back at least to Mary Anning, when scholars competed with wealthy
amateur collectors to buy her best specimens. Academics, who do
not have the ﬁnancial resources of some serious private individuals,
always worry that the very best specimens found by commercial
collectors will never see the scientiﬁc light of day, but will be hidden
away in the private cabinets of eccentric millionaires. Commercial
collectors (and no doubt some eccentric millionaires), however, see
themselves as an important part of the palaeontological enterprise.
Commercial collectors include some the most experienced ﬁeld
workers around. They are just as interested as scholars in making
sure that important new ﬁnds are studied properly; but they also
have to make a living.
Whether simply because they are a source of fame and fortune, or
because fossils test our deep philosophical beliefs about the history
of the universe and our place in it, it is no surprise that palaeontology
has long been plagued by fakery. And some of these fakes have
attracted an especially high degree of public interest. The lessons to
be learned from these deceptions apply across all of science.

Piltdown
The best-known fraud in palaeontology concerns the most
glamorous end of the business – human fossils. It is, of course, the
124

Piltdown forgery. The story is a masterpiece of deception. Charles
Dawson was a country solicitor living in Lewes in Sussex, a keen
amateur archaeologist and palaeontologist. In 1882, at the age of 18,
he had presented an important collection of fossils to the British
Museum (Natural History). Thirty years later, in February 1912, he
wrote to Arthur Smith Woodward, the Keeper of the Department of
Geology at the Museum, saying that he had found a site with
Pleistocene fossils in Sussex, including ‘part of a thick human skull’,
and a month later he sent Woodward a hippopotamus molar that he
said was from the same site. Then ﬁnally, on 24 May, he took some
fragments of a human skull to Woodward. (It later turned out that
Dawson had shown some of the material to amateur archaeologist
friends as early as 1908.)

The site itself was most unpromising – essentially just a ‘borrow pit’
where gravel was taken for maintaining the farm roads of Barkham
Manor but, over that summer, Dawson and Woodward collected
more spectacular material, including a broken lower jaw. In all, they
collected a quite complete assemblage of human and mammal
fossils together with some putative stone implements. Woodward’s
technician made a reconstruction of the skull, showing an animal
with a long forehead and jutting (prognathus) jaws but clearly
human. In perfect accord with contemporary theory, Dawson’s
fossil was a combination of a relatively advanced cranium with a
relatively primitive jaw.
So far, the only people who knew about the ﬁnd were Dawson,
Woodward, a few Museum staff, and a young French Jesuit
seminary student. A keen palaeontologist, Pierre Teilhard de
Chardin, later to become one of the discoverers of Peking Man and a
major Catholic humanist philosopher, had been befriended by
125

Fakes and fortunes

This was a sensational discovery. No Pleistocene human fossil had
ever been found in Britain, whereas in Germany the Neanderthals
had been known since 1856 and there had just been a superb
discovery in the form of the Heidelberg jaw – Homo heidelbergensis.

Fossils

21. Smith Woodward’s reconstruction of the ‘Piltdown skull’ showed a
relatively modern cranium with a primitive lower jaw and pronounced
lower canine tooth

Dawson in 1909. He accompanied Dawson and Woodward for some
of the digs in 1912 and again in 1913.
After the story was leaked to the Manchester Guardian
newspaper, a proper announcement was made at a meeting of the
Geological Society of London in December 1912. Cast copies of the
skull were made available to suitable colleagues for study, and a
ﬁerce dispute immediately arose between Woodward and Arthur
Keith of the Royal College of Surgeons. Ostensibly this was an
academic disagreement over the reconstruction of a fossil but, in
fact, it was also a dispute for ‘ownership’ of early man in Britain.
Keith showed that cranial fragments could be ﬁtted together as an
essentially modern human skull. Much then would depend on the
lower jaw, which was quite ape-like but lacked the essential
condylar (joint) region and symphysis (chin) that would have been
126

fully diagnostic. The lower canine teeth, if only they could be
found, then became critical. If Woodward was right, then there
should be a big projecting canine as in an ape; if Keith’s
reconstruction was right, it would be smaller, as in modern
humans.

As early as 1913, William King Gregory of the American Museum
of Natural History had warned that the whole thing might be a
‘deliberate hoax . . . a Negro or Australian skull and a broken ape
jaw’. But even he was later converted to the Woodward view by
the weight of evidence. In 1916, Dawson died and the discoveries
stopped.
After his retirement, Woodward went to live near Piltdown and
continued to search, but not the slightest trace of bone or of a stone
implement ever appeared again. By the 1940s, as theories changed,
Piltdown man had become a monstrous anomaly: it should have
been the other way around – a more modern jaw, an archaic
cranium. In 1953, chemical analyses revealed that it was a fake. The
culprit was apparently Dawson; he had set up Woodward brilliantly,
teasing him along with small nuggets of information and then
allowing him to be part of the major discoveries. The young priest
Teilhard had been sucked in for an extra element of authenticity.
Every time doubts were expressed, a bit of new evidence was
conveniently produced.
127

Fakes and fortunes

On 30 August 1913, Teilhard de Chardin picked up a canine at the
Piltdown site. It exactly ﬁtted the Woodward reconstruction. Keith
admitted defeat. But the debate over Piltdown would not go away,
even when Dawson announced a new ﬁnd from nearby Barkham
Mills. Nor when he announced material from a third site, at
Shefﬁeld Park. Finally, one of the most bizarre discoveries from
Piltdown came in 1914 when Woodward picked up a large, bladeshaped implement made from the scapula of an elephant. The ‘ﬁrst
Englishman’ as Woodward had started calling the ﬁnd, now had a
unique bone tool like nothing seen anywhere in the world.

Fossils

Piltdown is useful because it shows why people commit such frauds
and why they succeed. Dawson gained acceptance as a serious
scientist and would certainly have been elected Fellow of the Royal
Society had he not died. Woodward did become a famous scientist
and the status of the British Museum (Natural History) was
enhanced. Moreover, politically, England had needed an early
human fossil to counter the discovery from Heidelberg. Dawson
provided it; he created a composite of a partial human skull with an
ape’s jaw, and doctored it all to look old.
The story has a ﬁnal twist. For thirty years, the whole scientiﬁc
establishment had rallied behind the so-called Eohomo dawsoni.
That had made it very difﬁcult to challenge Woodward or Dawson.
Yet it seems possible that someone did. Several old Museum staff
members even said in their later years that someone in the Museum
had been involved. Joseph Weiner at Oxford, who exposed the fraud
in 1953, noted that the famous canine tooth had not been
elaborately treated chemically to age it in the same way as the other
material: it was merely painted with artist’s oil paint. And the bone
tool was absurd. The possibility exists that one or more of the
younger Museum staff realized that Piltdown was a fake and
decided to expose it to the principals by planting their own fakes.
The ﬁrst of these was the canine. But the scientiﬁc establishment
could not see beyond using it to distinguish between two
interpretations of what was a fake anyway, and their theories said
that it should have been true. Then the new hoaxers tried again. The
shape of the bone implement gives it all away: they gave the ‘ﬁrst
Englishman’ his own ﬁrst cricket bat! However, when Dawson died,
the hoaxers were left in the awkward position as the only living
people who had contributed to the fraud, so now they had to lie low.
One of them has now almost certainly been identiﬁed as Martin
Hinton, then a junior volunteer at the Museum hoping to land a
permanent job. He may even have been aided by Teilhard de
Chardin, for it was he who ‘found’ the canine, and he would have
been furious at having been duped. Some people think that Hinton
was responsible for the whole fraud, but Dawson turns out to have
128

had a ‘record’. He had created previous fakes in archaeology, with
the identical modus operandi of producing new evidence just when
things were going badly for him. I still see Dawson as the instigator
of the fraud.
All in all, Piltdown is a sorry tale – not just for Dawson’s
wickedness, but for the gullibility and arrogance of the scientiﬁc
establishment and their ruthlessness in putting down dissenters.

Lugensteine – ‘lying stones’

In 1725 some unusual fossils were brought to him – they appeared
to be of crayﬁsh, worms, frogs, and plants. It seemed to Beringer
that: ‘In this one place, as in a full horn of plenty, all those things are
gathered that Nature has divided up among the pits, caverns and
hiding places of other provinces.’ As more and more treasures
emerged, he began to write a great book about these fossils and even
conducted expeditions to the quarry for colleagues to ﬁnd their own
specimens. However, two colleagues in the University soon spread
the word that Beringer’s fossils were fakes. Beringer dismissed these
claims and, in the meantime, the ﬁnds became even more bizarre
and thrilling: ‘clear images of the sun and the moon, of stars, and of
comets radiant with ﬂaming tail’. Finally, the assistants brought
him ‘splendid tablets . . . marked with the ineffable name of the
Divine Jehovah in characters of Latin, Greek and Hebrew’.
129

Fakes and fortunes

Perhaps the ﬁrst scholar to fall foul of the problem of faked fossils
was someone whose imaginative theories about the causes of fossils
might otherwise have made him an early patron saint of
palaeontology. Johan Bartholomew Adam Beringer (1667–1740)
was Dean of the Medical Faculty and Court Physician at Würzburg,
Germany, and a keen geologist. At nearby quarries on Mount
Eivelstadt in the 1720s, he had found a range of familiar fossil shells
and ammonites and had begun to question their causes, tending
ﬁrst to support the theory that they were the result of the Deluge. A
busy man, he entrusted further collecting to three assistants.

Then the bubble burst. An inquiry was called, revealing that
Beringer had been the innocent (if all too gullible) victim of a
most wicked fraud. His ﬁrst fossils had been real, all the rest were
fakes. Even worse, they were not put there by students as a
practical joke, but by his own professional colleagues. They had
decided to discredit him. One of his ‘helpers’, a youth named
Christian Zanger, had carved and planted the forgeries for the
others to take to Beringer. But Zanger had been paid by none
other than Ignatz Roderich, the Professor of Geography, Algebra
and Analysis at Würzburg University. Georg von Ekhart, Privy
Councillor and Librarian to the Court and to the University, had
helped polish them. A truly vicious little story of academic
rivalries.
22. Among the fanciful ‘fossil’ objects carved by rivals to deceive
Beringer were a sort of crayﬁsh (or perhaps it is a slug) and hieroglyphs
131

Fakes and fortunes

Instead of coming to his senses, Beringer was totally taken in. He
began to theorize about new kinds of causal factors in the
heavens. He decided that his fossils were not the same as other
‘formed stones’ stemming from the Great Flood or ‘from the
seminal and formative power of a generative breath or
subterranean Archaeus or Panspermia’. Nor were they ‘chance
products of our wonderful mountain’. Instead, he developed an
elaborate theory based on the properties of light: ‘a ﬂow of minute
solar particles which being of ﬁery essence pass through the
atmosphere . . . (with) the truly marvellous faculty of depicting,
portraying and forming the images of the bodies that it falls on in
its ﬂow’. Therefore, he asked, could it not be supposed that it has
a ‘certain active and creative power of imprinting on suitable
matter the same forms of which it has already taken the
impression’? In other words, without being the slightest bit
ﬂippant, it seems that he was hypothesizing a sort of early version
of a xerography process. The light would form images of living
creatures or of the words on tombstones, and transfer them to
‘mud, clay, sand and soft stones’.

Archaeoraptor was a fake: what
about Archaeopteryx?

Fossils

Nothing delights us more than conspiracy theories and
schadenfreude – seeing the great brought low. In 1985, the
astronomer Fred Hoyle and his associate N. Wickramasinghe
challenged the integrity of no less a fossil than that totem of
palaeontological totems: Archaeopteryx itself.
Eight specimens of Archaeopteryx are known, the ﬁrst being a
single feather discovered in 1860. In 1861, a superb specimen came
to light at the Solnhofen lithographic limestone quarries in Bavaria
and was sold to the British Museum in London. In 1877, an equally
spectacular specimen was found at Eichstatt and sold to the
Humboldt Museum in Berlin. A specimen that had been collected
even earlier was eventually found languishing in a museum drawer
in Munich having been misclassiﬁed as a pterodactyl. The most
recent new discovery was in 1960. Archaeopteryx combines a
number of reptilian features (teeth rather than a horny bill; a long
bony tail; the trunk vertebrae are not fused, nor are the bones of the
hand) and bird features (feathers and a furcula, or wishbone).
Archaeopteryx is a ‘missing link’ from Late Jurassic times, closer to
being a small coelosaurian dinosaur than a bird, but with true
feathers.
On the basis of some rather crude photography, Hoyle and
Wickramasinghe claimed that the impressions of feathers on the
British Museum specimen were forged by taking a slurry of the
original limestone and adhesive and pressing modern feathers into
it. The Natural History Museum (as it is now called) had to expend
a vast amount of staff time and energy on demonstrating what was
obvious to scholars all along – that Archaeopteryx is genuine. Hoyle
was an extremely distinguished scientist and it is not clear why he
started this particular investigation, but his charge of forgery
gathered huge momentum. It is consistent, however, with his
pugnacious personality. In astronomy, he is well known for
132

challenging the notion of the Universe originating in a Big Bang.
Because Archaeopteryx is the poster-boy for fossils and evolution,
anti-evolutionists seized with relish upon the charge that it was a
fake, and they have proved happy to ignore the evidence that it is
real.

Most serious scientists, however, were wary of the ‘ﬁnd’, and it was
never subject to scientiﬁc peer review for a mainstream publication.
Instead, it was announced in a long article in National Geographic
Magazine. Within a year, it was revealed to be a composite of
several different slabs from the same site, skilfully put together. It
does have feathers but only because that part came from a known
fossil bird – Yanornis. It was a dinosaur because the other parts
came from several different slabs, each with bits of dinosaur on
them.
The motive for this forgery on the part of its fabricators in China
was simple proﬁt. But once again its acceptance, limited as it was,
133

Fakes and fortunes

Unfortunately, an even better example for their cause was provided
by the supposed half-bird/half-dinosaur Archaeoraptor, from the
Cretaceous of China. A particularly ‘hot’ topic in palaeontology in
recent years has concerned the origins of birds: from which branch
of reptiles are they descended? Many believe that the closest
relatives of birds are the dinosaurs and that, in fact, dinosaurs did
not become extinct at the end of the Cretaceous but persist today in
the form of birds. In that case, there might exist cases of true
dinosaurs with feathers, but not yet the other characteristics of
birds. Almost inevitably, in the year 2000, such an eagerly sought
beast appeared: a dromeosaurid dinosaur but with real feathers, to
which the name Archaeoraptor was given (‘raptor’ – in the sense of a
bird of prey – being a particularly charged word in this ﬁeld). This
was a slab of fossil from a locality that has produced many
interesting examples of early true birds. It was sold for some
$80,000 to an amateur collector in the United States and seemed to
be an even better ‘missing link’ than Archaeopteryx.

Fossils

23. Literally half a bird fossil and half a dinosaur, Archaeoraptor did
not fool everyone

depended on there being people who really wished it to be ‘true’.
They were trapped by the conviction that such a creature should
have existed and, no doubt, by the rush to be ﬁrst and most famous
in the discovery of bird ancestors. Much credit goes to the Chinese
scientists who faithfully revealed the truth about the forgery.
Archaeoraptor was not the ﬁrst fossil to be ‘embellished’ to improve
its sales value. Those who bought and studied it will not be the last
to be fooled, or to fool themselves. More convincing cases of
dinosaurs with at least a sort of fuzzy proto-feather have been found
since the Archaeoraptor debacle, so the scientiﬁc impact of the
fraud has been negligible. However, the damage done to the
reputation of evolutionary palaeontology by this fraud and the libel
of Archaeopteryx has been immense. As even a cursory search on
the Internet reveals, they have given the less scrupulous elements of
the creation–intelligent-design movement much ammunition for
criticizing and dismissing other areas of evolution and
palaeontology.

134

Chapter 10
Back to the future

If we look back at how our understanding of fossils and earth
history has changed over time, we can try to guess how it might
change again in the future. It has famously been said that there are
more scientists alive today than all those who have lived previously
combined. The same is true for fossils: more have been collected in
the past 50 years than in all of previous history. The rate of
discovery will level off eventually. Meanwhile, judging by the
pattern of discovery in the past 25 years, one area of study in which
new discoveries will transform our understanding is surely the ﬁrst
2.5 byr of earth history and the crucial episodes in late Precambrian
time when modern kinds of animals and plants ﬁrst arose. We can
expect to improve estimates of the course of diversity change
through the Phanerozoic and to reﬁne our knowledge of the causes
of both mass extinctions and mass diversiﬁcations of organisms.
But a palaeontological version of Murphy’s Law will surely still
plague us. In all probability, in the future as now, new fossils will be
more likely to extend the range of particular groups deeper into
time than to bring them closer to other groups. And, for every gap
in the history of life that is ﬁlled, a new, different gap will be
deﬁned. Even as we ﬁnd more human fossils, e. e. cummings’s
observation will apply: ‘always the more beautiful answer who asks
the more beautiful question’.
So far, our more general theories about fossils have turned out to be
135

Fossils

quite robust – while the details have changed. Even so, it is hard to
be sure to what our extent our interpretations of the fossil record
are vulnerable to the charge of being overly theory-laden. Can we
imagine a different theoretical framework that would cause us to
revise our ideas? For example, if history had been upside down, and
all the early intellectuals and their discoveries had been in China
and Australia, or all made by Buddhists, how would our view of
fossils and history be different from the present Eurocentric
version?
Questions for the future might include: will the present high rates
of extinction of megafauna stand out in the future record, or
merely register as noise within some larger signal – an interglacial
blip in the course of fossil history? Ten myr from now, perhaps
sooner, there will be an answer to this, one of the more interesting
aspects of the Pleistocene and Holocene record. So far, it seems
that the last 2-myr period – a time of great environmental stress
and huge shifts in the home ranges of species (including humans)
– has been a time of extinctions rather than the focus for formation
of new species. (It would be perfectly ironic if the age that
discovered a viable theory of evolution was also an age of extremely
slow rates of origins of new species, making empirical conﬁrmation
of the theory even more difﬁcult.) But is all this a correct reading of
the record, and, if so, how long will the pattern continue before
originations begin to surge again? What will be the trigger? And
what will turn out to have been the ‘next big thing’ on the
evolutionary stage – another species of human, a better cockroach,
or yet another virus?
The question ‘what comes next?’ is closely bound up with a much
deeper question about the course of past evolutionary history: was
there something inherent in the pattern of evolutionary change that
produced modern ﬂoras and faunas, including, of course, ourselves?
If so, then if we were somehow to wind the clock back to, say,
Permian times and then let it run forwards again, we would ﬁnish
up where we are now. The view that the result would be the same is
136

favoured by those who see history as end-directed and the purpose
of evolutionary change all along to have been to produce humans
(and presumably rattlesnakes, snails, and the HIV virus). The
contrary view is that the chances of evolution running exactly the
same course would be inﬁnitesimally small. Evolution would, by
chance, produce an entirely different set of organisms; birds and
mammals as we know them, let alone primates and humans, might
never have appeared.

If there were no chance in the equation, we could predict what the
inhabitants of the world ten million years from now would look like.
And, of course, if the whole purpose of earth history and evolution
has been to produce modern humans, then in ten million years the
new fossil record would necessarily show no change at all: evolution
would have stopped because its goals had been achieved. As we
can already see that humans have changed quite a lot in the last
million years, however, the likelihood of further change seems to
be 100 per cent.
The formation of fossils and creation of layers of rock is not
something that happened only in the past. Today, all around us, new
potential fossils are being laid down in sediment; just under the
surface are the evidences of similar processes that started a
thousand, a hundred thousand, and a million years ago. And the
137

Back to the future

Setting aside the religious consideration of whether there is some
non-material cause of the universe, the scientiﬁc answer to this
conundrum is that both views of history are partially correct.
Evolution is driven by chance. But what happens by chance at each
instant of time is predicated in large part by the concrete fact of
what then exists and what has been before, especially in the
evolving cascades of genetic and developmental processes that
produce an adult out of a single egg. Thus humans did not evolve
from spiders, and the next million years of evolution will not
produce humans with butterﬂy wings, or insects with mammary
glands.

Fossils

process continues. Indeed, will current climate trends and
environmental uses produce an unusually high level of erosion and
sedimentation to contain those fossils?
Which of today’s ﬂora and fauna will likely be preserved as fossils?
As an old joke has it, the strata being laid down today will
eventually be named the Dustbinian Formation, with its
accumulations of the ﬂotsam and jetsam of our throwaway
society. Its signature fossils will be a concentration of
macroscopic and microscopic pellets of styrofoam and other
plastics – they are already showing up in marine sediments all
over the globe. If we wonder where all the iridium came from
that marks sediments laid down at the time of the Cretaceous–
Tertiary boundary (and extinctions), our successors will be
equally puzzled by the anomalous levels of Holocene iron,
aluminium, and glass, and unusually high levels of radioactive
materials. Future archaeologists, and whatever creatures
inherit the earth after we are all extinct, will ﬁnd that the
commonest Dustbinian fossils are domestic animals like
chickens, sheep, and cows, with horses, cats, and dogs
following close behind. In a dramatic reversal from pre-Holocene
deposits, remains of humans will be abundant – all evidence of a
massive post-glacial population explosion. As for extinctions,
sophisticated explanations will be sought for the fact that many
of the most prominent extinctions were of the larger animals,
but the correlation between the rise of human population
numbers and the other major shifts in diversity will be
overwhelming.
Given our penchant for burying things in holes in the ground (not
just each other but, for example, the domestic waste rubbish we
bury in Pleistocene sand and gravel pits, Carboniferous limestone
quarries, and mines of all ages), the remains of our culture will turn
up in some odd geological formations. Future stratigraphers will
also discover that we have moved vast amounts of rock from one
place to another – and fossils with them.
138

But some of the most difﬁcult puzzles for our successors to work out
will concern the distribution of animals and plants. From deposits
dated from about 200 years ago, they will ﬁnd that large numbers of
organisms – from grasses to horses – have suddenly extended their
ranges. How will they account for the seemingly miraculous
appearance of European rabbits and the house sparrow in
Australia, or of maize in Europe? Occasionally, future
palaeontologists will turn up something truly bafﬂing, like the
skeleton of a zoo animal – an Indian elephant in Mexico or a tapir in
France, tigers in Australia, or koalas in Russia. How could it be, they
might wonder, that remains of a supremely rare animal like the
giant panda could be all over the world, just before the species
became extinct?

On a positive note, 50 myr from now, the huge deposits of organic
matter currently being deposited (rather problematically) as
garbage and sewage sludge in our river valleys and around our
coasts will have created a new set of coal, gas, and oil reserves. Paper
alone will account for large hydrocarbon deposits. What is
unknown is how thick all the deposits will be: how long the
Dustbinian will persist. A great deal may depend on the glacial
history of the earth. A lot of the surface Tertiary record is missing
from Europe and North America, having been swept away by the
Pleistocene glaciations. If the glaciers return in force, 100,000 years
from now the buildings and other evidences of civilization in
139

Back to the future

Horses will be a particularly interesting puzzle to work out in the
future because the fossil record of the modern horse will be
extensive. The present record shows that the horse became extinct
in North America about 10,000 years ago, and was never in
South America. It was re-introduced to North America by the
Spanish, and by 200 years ago was ﬂourishing wild on both
continents. Will this introduction be discernible in the fossil record,
or will the 10,000-year gap between the last native horses in
North America and the ﬁrst introductions simply be dismissed as a
technical artefact in an otherwise continuous record?

Fossils

Europe and North America will have been ground back to a mud
rich in carbon, plastic, and metal and redeposited elsewhere, mostly
in the seas. Whoever then rediscovers Palaeolithic cave paintings
might ask: whatever happened to those people?

140

Further reading

Anna K. Behrensmeyer and Andrew P. Hill, Fossils in the Making
(University of Chicago Press, 1980)
David J. Bottjer, Walter Etter, James W. Haagdorn, and Carol M. Tang,
Exceptional Fossil Preservation (Columbia University Press, 2001)
Peter J. Bowler, Evolution: The History of an Idea, 3rd edn. (University
of California Press, 2003)
D. E. G. Briggs and P. R. Crowther, Palaeobiology II (Blackwell
Publishing, 2003)
Eric Buffeteau, A Short History of Vertebrate Palaeontology (Croom
Helm, 1987)
Deborah Cadbury, The Dinosaur Hunters (Fourth Estate, 2000)
Edwin H. Colbert, Men and Dinosaurs (Dutton, 1966)
A. Cutler, The Seashell on the Mountain Top (Dutton, 2003)
Richard Fortey, Life: An Unauthorised Biography (HarperCollins, 1997)
—— Trilobite (HarperCollins, 2000)
John C. Greene, The Death of Adam (Iowa State University Press, 1959)
Mark Jaffe, The Gilded Dinosaur (Crown, 2000)
Melvin E. Jahn and Daniel J. Woolf, The Lying Stones of Dr Beringer
(University of California Press, 1963)
T. S. Kemp, Fossils and Evolution (Oxford University Press, 1999)
Arthur O. Lovejoy, The Great Chain of Being (Harvard University Press,
1939)
W. J. T. Mitchell, The Last Dinosaur Book (University of Chicago Press,
1998)
141

Fossils

Donald Prothero, Bringing Fossils to Life (WCB McGraw-Hill, 1998)
David M. Raup and Steven M. Stanley, Principles of Paleontology
(Freeman, 1971)
Martin Redfern, The Earth (Oxford University Press, 2003)
Martin J. S. Rudwick, The Meaning of Fossils, 2nd edn. (Science History
Publications, 1976)
—— Scenes from Deep Time (University of Chicago Press, 1992)
George Gaylord Simpson, Tempo and Mode in Evolution (Columbia
University Press, 1944)
Ian Tattersall, The Fossil Trail (Oxford University Press, 1995)
Keith S. Thomson, Living Fossil (W. W. Norton, 1991)

142

Index

banded iron deposits 45
Battle of the Little Big Horn 34
de la Beche, Henry 81, 83, 90
Beringer, Johan Bartholomew
Adam 129
biomechanics 74
bioturbation 56
Black Hills (South Dakota) 34
Bonnet, Charles 16
British Museum (Natural
History) 132
Broom, Robert 111
Buckland, William 26, 30, 73
Buffon, Georges Louis Leclerc
54
burial (pre-burial) 54, 58
Burgess Shale (British
Columbia) 48, 53
Burnet, Thomas 1

A
Academy of Natural Sciences
of Philadelphia 33, 34
Achanarras Fish bed
(Scotland) 57
Agassiz, Louis 13
Ager, Derek 87
amber 54
American Centennial
Exposition (1876) 33
American Museum of Natural
History 34, 127
amino-acids 65
ammonites 27, 53, 64
Andrews, Roy Chapman 35
Anning, Mary 27, 123, 124
Anomalocaris 48
apatite (hydroxy-apatite) 62
Apatosaurus 74, 77
apes 111, 113
aragonite 62
Archean era 43
Archaeopteryx 2, 58, 123, 132
Achaeoraptor 133
Archer County, Texas 1
Ardipithecus 113
Ardley quarry (Oxfordshire)
76, 78
Aristotle 14, 19
art 80
Australopithecus 111, 113, 114
autotrophs 44

C
calcite 5
Carnegie Museum of Natural
History 35
Cenozoic (Caeonozoic,
Cainozoic) Era 41
(Great) Chain of Being 14, 16,
31
Chambers, Robert 18
de Chardin, Pierre Teilhard
125
chemistry 59
Chengjiang (Yunnan) 48, 53
coal 65, 66
coccoliths 66
coelacanth 105, 106
collagen 65
collectors (commercial) 124

B
Bombach, Richard 94
143

extinction 8, 15, 95, 96,

completeness of fossil record
89
Conybeare, William 30, 31
Cope, Edward Drinker 33, 34
coprolites 76
correlated progression
hypothesis 103
correlation of forms principle
72
creation 8, 10, 11, 19
Cro-Magnon man 111
Cuvier, Baron Georges 30, 72
cyanobacteria 44

F
Field Museum of Natural
History (Chicago) 124
Flammarion, Camille 26
forameniferans 38, 66
fossil record 85, 87
French revolution 18

G
gas 65, 66
Genesis 14
geological maps 39
geological time 18, 19, 40
glacial action 13
Gondwana 42
Gosse, Philip Henry 10
Grant, Robert 15
Grand Canyon 11
Great Exhibition (1851) 32
Green River Formation
(Wyoming) 57, 123
graptolites 15
Gould, Stephen Jay 99

Fossils

D
Dart, Raymond 111
Darwin, Charles 2, 15, 18, 31,
86, 88, 99
Darwin, Erasmus 17, 18, 32
Deinonychus 76
Descartes 19, 21
diagenesis 53, 59, 65, 67
diatomaceous earth 66
Dickens, Charles 32
Dimetrodon 1
dinosaur 26, 30, 31, 32, 73
DNA 44, 65, 86, 110, 113
dioramas 81
DuBois, Eugene 111

H
Hadean Era 43
Hadrosaurus 33, 73
Hallucigenia 48
Hawkins, Waterhouse 32, 33,
84
Hayden expeditions 33
heterotrophs 44
Homo antecessor 116
Homo erectus 5, 93, 111, 115,
116, 122

E
Ediacaran faunas 49
Eldredge, Nils 99
Empedocles 2
Eryops 1
Escuminac Formation
(Canada) 57
evolution 71, 85
144

Homo ergaster 115, 116, 122
Homo habilis 115, 116
Homo heidelbergensis 124
Homo mauretanicus 116
Homo rudolfensis 115, 116
Homo sapiens 112, 115, 116,
120, 122
Hooke, Robert 2, 7, 9, 10, 16,
24, 38, 80
human evolution 109
Hume, David 16
Hutton, James 24
Huxley, Thomas Henry 107
Hylaeosaurus 31

de Lamarck, Jean Baptiste 15,
17
Leakey, Louis S.B. family 111
Leidy, Joseph 33, 73
Leonardo da Vinci 2, 8
lion, American 56
lithiﬁcation 65, 67
living fossils 104, 105
‘Lucy’ 114
Lugensteine 129
Lyell, Charles 17, 18
Lyme Regis 27

M

ichthyosaur 15, 29, 31
Iguanodon 31, 32, 34,
73
insects 53, 88
invertebrates 48, 49

J
Jefferson, Thomas 16
Johanson, Donald 111

K
Kelvin, Lord (William
Thomson) 24
key innovation hypothesis 103
Kirkdale Cave 27
Klasies Rivermouth Caves
(South Africa) 116
Knight, Charles 84

N
Natural Theology 31
Neanderthal man (Homo
neanderthalensis) 2, 5, 13,
110, 111, 118, 124
Noah’s Flood 11, 13
natural selection 2
Newark Supergroup (USA) 63,
87
nodule formation 63

L
Lagerstatten 48
145

Index

macroevolution 101
mammoth 15, 56, 73
Mantell, Gideon 20
Marsh, Othniel Charles 33,
123
mastodon 15, 32, 56
Megalosaurus 31, 73
Mesozoic Era 41
Miller, Hugh 14
missing link 2, 107
modes of evolution 101
mosasaur 15
mummiﬁcation 54

I

O

Rancho la Brea (California) 56,
58
Raup, David 94
Ray, John 16
reconstruction 81
Red Queen Hypothesis 95
Rhynie Chert (Scotland) 63
RNA 110
Robinet, Jean Baptiste 16
Romantic Movement 36

oil 65, 66
Orrorin 113
Osborn, Henry Fairﬁeld 35
Ostrom, John 74
‘Out of Africa’ hypothesis 120
oxygen 45, 48

Fossils

P
Palaeozoic Era 41
Paranthropus 111, 113, 114
Peale, Charles Willson 32
peat 56, 65, 66
Phanerozoic diversity 88, 90
Phillips, John 91, 92
Piltdown forgery 124
Pithecanthropus 111, 114,
115
plate tectonics 2, 13, 24,
42
Precambrian Aeon 40, 43
Punta Alta, Argentina 18
plastick virtue 2, 11
Plesiosaur 29, 31, 73
Plot, Robert 30
pterosaur 15, 29, 31, 58, 73
Proterozoic Era 42, 44
punctuated equilibrium
hypothesis 99, 100, 104

S
sabre-tooth 56
Sahelanthropus 113
scala naturae 17
Sepkowski, Jack 94
silica (opal) 63
Simpson, George Gaylord 97,
98
Sinanthropus 114
Smith, William 39
Solnhofen limestone
(Germany) 58, 68
Steno (Nils Stensen) 7, 11, 38,
39, 58
Sternberg, Charles 34
stasis 99
Stone Age 118
stratigraphy 38, 40, 71, 87
stromatolites 44

Q

T

Qafzeh Cave (Israel) 116

Tattersall, Ian 115
Thompson, d’Arcy 98
tool making 117
trace fossils 67
transmutation 17, 18
trilobites 15, 53

R
radiolarians 66
rates of evolution 97, 99
Rhamphorhynchus 123
146

W

turnover pulse hypothesis 100
Tyrannosaurus rex 35, 74, 76,
124

Watterston, Bill (Calvin and
Hobbes) 84
Weiner, Joseph 128
West (American) 33, 36
Woodward, John 11

U
Ussher, Bishop 21

X

V

Xenophanes 2

Valentine, James 94
Van Valen, Leigh 95
varves 57
Velociraptor 76
Vrba, Elisabeth 100

Z
Zallinger, Rudy 83, 84
Zinjanthropus 114

Index

147

