Journalism: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson

CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder

EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers

MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly

THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and
Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham

SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM
Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Derrida Simon Glendinning
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
THE MIND Martin Davies
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and
Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROMANTICISM Duncan Wu

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi/

Ian Hargreaves

JOURNALISM
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Ian Hargreaves 2003, 2005
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as Journalism: Truth or Dare, 2003
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2005
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280656–4 978–0–19–280656–1
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd., Padstow, Cornwall

Contents

Acknowledgements x
List of illustrations xi
Introduction: the paradox of power 1

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Born free: a brief history of news media

21

Big brother: journalism and the altered state 35
The ﬁrst casualty: journalists at war

47

Star-struck: journalism as entertainment

59

Up to a point, Lord Copper’s: who owns journalists
Hacks v. ﬂaks: journalism and public relations 94
Murder is my meat: the ethics of journalism 109
Matt’s modem: tomorrow’s journalism 126
Further reading 147
Index

149

77

This page intentionally left blank

To Ben, Kelda, Yoko, Zola, and Adele

Acknowledgements

Countless people have contributed to the thinking in these pages,
especially my fellow-journalists at the Keighley News, the Bradford
Telegraph and Argus, the Financial Times, the BBC, the
Independent, and the New Statesman, my main places of work in
the last thirty years.
The motivation for the book, however, arose during my years at the
Centre for Journalism Studies at Cardiff University, working
alongside Professor John Hartley. Professional journalists,
especially British ones, are given to disdain for the work of media
scholars like Hartley; but my time in Cardiff convinced me that
journalists would do a better job for the citizens they presume to
serve if they encouraged more critical interrogation of the way
journalism works. This slim volume aims to support such
interrogation.
Roch, Pembrokeshire
May 2005

Introduction
The paradox of power

Journalism entered the twenty-ﬁrst century caught in a paradox of
its own making. We have more news and more inﬂuential
journalism, across an unprecedented range of media, than at any
time since the birth of the free press in the eighteenth century. Yet
journalism is also under unprecedented attack, from politicians,
philosophers, the general public, anti-globalization radicals,
religious groups and even from journalists themselves. This book is
an attempt to explain this paradox and to explore the possible
implications.
The ﬁrst stage of the paradox, the ascent in journalism’s inﬂuence,
is easily explained. Its underlying cause is the growth in the
cultural, political, and economic value of information, facilitated by
the emergence of new, cheap electronic technologies to distribute
and display news and the industry of commentary which today
surrounds the news. It is now widely understood that without
abundant and accessible information we can have neither the
democracy in which we believe nor the economic growth and
consumer choice we desire.
News, which was once difﬁcult and expensive to obtain, today
surrounds us like the air we breathe. Much of it is literally ambient:
displayed on computers, public billboards, trains, aircraft, and
mobile phones. Where once news had to be sought out in expensive
1

Journalism

and scarce news sheets, today it is ubiquitous and very largely free
at the point of consumption. Satisfying news hunger no longer
involves a twice daily diet of a morning newspaper and evening TV
news bulletin: news comes in snack-form, to be grazed, and at every
level of quality; even to be programmed to order, to arrive, presorted, via your personal digital assistant. Where once journalism’s
reach was conﬁned by the time it took to haul bundles of newsprint
from one end of a country to the other, now it is global,
instantaneous, and interactive.
But there are problems with this new culture of news. Because
there is so much of it, we ﬁnd it difﬁcult to sort the good from
the bad. The fact that it is mostly obtainable without direct
payment may mean that we value it less. As a generation grows
up unaccustomed to the idea that news costs money, the economics
of resource-intensive journalism, like in-depth investigations, are
undermined.

Junk journalism
Also, when information travels as fast as it does today, it can wreak
destruction before there is time for it to be understood. In the
world of instant journalism, reputations are destroyed and
privacies trivially invaded in the time it takes to switch TV
channels. Junk food may be convenient and taste OK at the ﬁrst
bite, but its popularity raises longer term questions of public
health. So too with junk journalism. Today’s television journalists
shoot pictures in desert war-zones and beam them via satellite for
transmission around the world. These stories get most prominence
if the shots are visually exciting: violence is desirable, death a
bonus. Better still if the journalist is young, glamorous, and
famous. Less melodramatic, but more important stories, about
education, health, diplomacy and community relations, get less
coverage. Meanwhile ﬁnancial journalists are hard-wired to market
information systems to deliver instant appraisal which moves
prices, raising temptations of personal ﬁnancial gain and
2

underplaying longer run, more signiﬁcant economic and business
issues. The circumstances of modern news thus test the journalist’s
judgement and honesty, not in fundamentally new ways, but more
routinely and at greater speed than ever before. If the journalist is
secretly the tool of some invisible public relations machine or vested
commercial interest, it is the public whose interest is betrayed.

The crisis of trust
There are many symptoms of the difﬁculties now piling up around
this pervasive journalism. We know, from opinion surveys, that
journalists are less trusted and less esteemed than used to be the
case. In terms of trust, journalists rank alongside the politicians
they have helped drag down, but behind business executives and
civil servants and way behind the most respected professionals such
as doctors, teachers, and scientists. ‘The future for the press in the
new millennium looks bleak,’ says Dr Carl Jensen, founder of
3

Introduction

In politics, democracy itself is at stake in this world of high-speed,
always-on news. Political reporters pronounce sudden verdicts
upon the politicians they often outshine in fame and, as a result,
parliaments everywhere feel themselves reduced to side-attractions
in the great non-stop media show. In 1828, the British historian
Macaulay dubbed the press gallery in Parliament a ‘fourth estate’ of
the realm. Today, the news media appear to have become the ﬁrst
estate, able to topple monarchs and turn Parliament into a talking
shop which ceases to exist if journalists turn their backs. Television
interviewers wag their ﬁngers at government ministers, called to
account in the headmaster’s studio, live, before a mass audience.
Since more people vote in reality television shows than in elections
for the European Parliament or municipal authorities, the response
of politicians has been to try, desperately, to be more like television:
conversational, friendly, emotional, and not too demanding. How
else can Congressmen and parliamentarians retain the interest of
the young? How else to be heard through the cacophony of
information overload?

Project Censored, which has been tracking press issues in the US for
twenty-ﬁve years.
‘The press has the power to stimulate people to clean up the
environment,

prevent

nuclear

proliferation,

force

crooked

politicians out of ofﬁce, reduce poverty, provide quality health care
for all people and even to save the lives of millions of people as it
did in Ethiopia in 1984. But instead, we are using it to promote sex,
violence, and sensationalism and to line the pockets of already

Journalism

wealthy media moguls.’

Jensen’s view was widely echoed in the United States during the
scandal that engulfed President Bill Clinton over his sexual
misbehaviour with the White House intern Monica Lewinsky. The
American news media, including some of its most highly reputed
newspapers and broadcasters, were widely judged to be peddling
gossip, rumour, and unchecked facts as they scrambled to outdo
each other for sensation and scoops. Critics saw this as part of a
pattern, evident in coverage of an earlier celebrity scandal, the
O. J. Simpson trial, when the news media were accused of caring too
much about soap opera and too little about justice. The public’s
reaction to President Clinton’s ‘Zippergate’ was to turn against the
news media, rather than the president. The very fact that journalists
all over the world so casually add the sufﬁx ‘gate’ to any potential
scandal, however trivial, itself indicates a certain loss of seriousness
since the days of Watergate, which hangs as a long shadow over the
endeavours of investigative journalists. More recently, American
journalism has been buffeted by a series of internal scandals
involving faked reports within some of the country’s most esteemed
news organizations. One of these led to the resignation of the two
most senior editors of the New York Times.

Concerned journalists ﬁght back
Through events like these, scepticism about journalism has started
to eat at the soul of American democratic values. According to a
4

1999 poll, 53 per cent of Americans, reared on a First Amendment
to the Constitution that forbids any curtailment of the right to free
expression of individuals or newspapers, had reached the
conclusion that the press has too much freedom. At the same time,
a movement of ‘concerned journalists’ has emerged, advocating a
return to basic professional standards of accurate and balanced
reporting and campaigning against what it sees as an overcommercial news media. The new media owners, say the concerned
journalists, are deﬂecting journalism from its sacred mission to
inform citizens without fear and favour, pandering instead to the
appetites of shareholders for quarter-on-quarter proﬁts growth. ‘We
are facing the possibility that independent news will be replaced by
self-interested commercialism posing as news,’ say the authors of
one of the movement’s manifestos. They continue:
‘The First Amendment – that a free press is an independent
government meddling. In this world, the First Amendment becomes
a property right establishing ground rules for free economic
competition, not free speech. This is a fundamental and epic change
with enormous implications for democratic society.’

A similar story can be heard, in one form or another, all over the
democratic world, though its intensity ebbs and ﬂows. In Italy,
the Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, is regarded by his critics as
commanding patronage in the state broadcasting system, RAI, as
well as still beneﬁting from his history as a dominant ﬁgure in
Italy’s largest commercial television group, Mediaset. In effect,
say his critics, Berlusconi pulls the strings in 90 per cent of the
country’s television journalism which is, as a result, fatally
compromised. Vaclav Havel, President of the Czech Republic and
veteran of one of post Cold War Europe’s most passionate ﬁghts
for free media, chose World Press Freedom Day in 2002 to issue
this warning: ‘In a situation where there will be no direct political
oppression and censorship,’ he said, ‘there might be more
complex issues, especially at the economic level, that may affect
5

Introduction

institution – is threatened for the ﬁrst time in our history without

Journalism

freedom of speech. Italy might represent an early form of this
problem.’
In Britain, the agenda of concern focuses upon the powerful
position of the Australian–American Rupert Murdoch, who
controls over a third of the national newspaper market and owns
the country’s dominant pay television platform. Murdoch is
regarded by many as an outsider capable of making or breaking
governments. At the same time, there is persistent anxiety about lax
standards in the press generally. A deﬁning moment here was the
violent death of Princess Diana in a Parisian subway in August
1997, her car chased by freelance photographers employed by
British (and other) newspaper photographers. At the Princess’s
funeral, her brother accused publishers of having ‘blood on their
hands’. Throughout the 1990s, the Press Complaints Commission, a
self-regulatory body that oversees with debatable effectiveness an
editor’s code of ethics, struggled to update its rules to meet public
and political pressure. The PCC’s reputation was not helped when,
in 2002, its chairman, Lord Wakeham, a former minister in the
government of Margaret Thatcher, turned out to be a director of
Enron, the American energy company that cooked its books.
Wakeham was forced to step down from the PCC, to be replaced by
the retiring ambassador to Washington, Sir Christopher Meyer,
another establishment ﬁgure charged with the task of burnishing
the press’s troubled image.

A new challenge to press freedom
It was in this atmosphere that the philosopher Dr Onora O’Neill
delivered the 2002 Reith Lectures, a prestigious series named in
honour of the ﬁrst director general of the BBC. She argued that the
classic eighteenth-century doctrine of press freedom had outlived
its usefulness; that it belonged to a more heroic time. In modern
democracies, press freedom was being used as a cloak to shield
media conglomerates’ domination of public discussion ‘in which
misinformation may be peddled uncorrected and in which
6

reputations may be selectively shredded or magniﬁed. A free press
is not an unconditional good.’ When the media mislead, she added,
‘the wells of public discourse and public life are poisoned’.

A still more searching version of the moral case against journalistic
practice has been made by Janet Malcolm in her study of a dispute
between a convicted murderer and a journalist who wrote an
account of the criminal’s life. This is how Malcolm drum-rolls her
central argument at the opening of her essay:
‘Every journalist who is not too stupid or full of himself to notice
what is going on knows that what he does is morally indefensible.
He is a kind of conﬁdence man, preying upon people’s vanity,
ignorance or loneliness, gaining their trust and betraying them
without remorse . . . Journalists justify their treachery in various
ways according to their temperaments. The more pompous talk
about freedom of speech and ‘‘the public’s right to know’’; the least
talented talk about Art; the seemliest murmur about earning a
living.’

Anyone who has worked for a long time in journalism and thought
about what they are doing will recognize that there is some force in
7

Introduction

Meanwhile those with a closer and more venal relationship with
journalism have long dribbled petrol into this ﬂame of criticism.
Alan Clark, a colourful British Conservative Member of Parliament,
in an essay written just before his death, dismissed journalists as:
‘fellows with, in the main, squalid and unfulﬁlling private lives,
insecure in their careers, and suffering a considerable degree of
dependence on alcohol and narcotics.’ This comment echoes the
words of Conrad (Lord) Black, a substantial Canadian publisher
who accumulated press interests in Britain, North America, and
Israel, while characterizing journalists as ‘ignorant, lazy,
opinionated, intellectually dishonest, and inadequately supervised’.
That was before Black found himself in trouble with the law for an
alleged fraud against his company’s shareholders.

these characterizations. It is easy for journalism to be morally
casual, even as it makes large moral claims for itself. So when
journalism is accused by those it serves of privileging sensation
before signiﬁcance, celebrity before achievement, intrusion before
purposeful investigation and entertainment before reliability, the
charge demands a response. Journalism stands accused of being
not so much a public service as a public health hazard.

Journalism

The end of journalism?
The response of journalists to these accusations is anything but
uniform. Many journalists will (mostly quietly) admit to sharing the
anxieties of the ‘concerned journalists’ of the United States. They
can see that greater concentration of corporate ownership of the
news media is cutting newsroom budgets and undermining
journalistic integrity, giving advertisers and sponsors unwarranted
inﬂuence over news agendas. ‘Too many once-distinguished news
organisations have lost their lustre; too few new ones have
materialized,’ say two senior editors from the Washington Post.
Their book, lest you should miss the point, is subtitled: American
Journalism in Peril. Journalists also worry about the riks that new
media technologies are turning them into ‘robo-hacks,’ preﬁguring,
according to one commentator, ‘the end of journalism’. There is
concern about the polarization of the news media with, at one end,
badly paid and sometimes inadequately trained young people in
smaller newspapers, radio stations, magazines and on-line news
services and, at the other, a handful of celebrity journalists who
present television shows or write famous newspaper columns and
earn show business salaries.
The late Paul Foot, a distinguished journalistic sleuth, has lamented
the death of investigative journalism and John Pilger, the
campaigning Australian journalist, has complained at the ease with
which most journalists are duped into following the ‘hidden agenda’
of political or business power. Other journalists express alarm at the
casual blood-thirstiness of modern journalism towards elected
8

politicians; the trend, in Adam Gopnik’s words, from dining with
presidents to dining on them. As John Lloyd, a writer for the
Financial Times, has said: the famous dictum of Harold Evans,
who edited the London Sunday Times in the 1970s, that the
journalist interviewing a politician should always ask ‘why is this
bastard lying to me?’ has ‘passed from radical fearlessness to a
commercial strategy with big implications for the health of our
public life’. Lloyd calls for new mechanisms to ‘interrogate the
interrogators.’

Crisis, what crisis?

This inside-the-profession insouciance has a long history in
journalism. Nicolas Tomalin, a star reporter for the Sunday Times,
who was killed in the Yom Kippur War in 1973, advised aspiring
reporters that ‘the only qualities essential for real success in
journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little
literary ability’. H. L. Mencken, the great Baltimore iconoclast,
considered journalism ‘a craft to be mastered in four days and
abandoned at the ﬁrst sign of a better job’. No inﬂated comparisons
here between journalists, doctors, scientists, and lawyers.
Behind Mencken’s irony lies a serious point. Journalism, he says,
cannot be likened to professions such as medicine and the law
9

Introduction

There is, however, a second and more widespread journalistic
response to this attack on the professional standards of journalism.
It asks, with a world-weary expression: ‘crisis, what crisis?’
Journalists, these people say, have always been under attack: the
more ferocious the attack, the healthier journalism must be. Janet
Malcolm’s conﬁdence trickster is a necessary agent of society’s
ability to examine and purge itself; the increasing sophistication of
governments and corporations demands more journalistic ferocity,
not less. There is, in this view, no case for agitation about the way
that journalists frame their ethical codes, get trained and are
regulated.

Journalism

because the journalist ‘is unable, as yet, to control admission to his
craft’. Indeed, the only societies where admission to the practice of
journalism is controlled are those that have abandoned or never
known democracy, such as the Soviet Union in the cold war period,
or numerous countries in Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. The
requirement to belong to a state-endorsed ‘union of journalists’ or
‘press club’ guarantees that real journalism, if it exists at all, will
take place by subterfuge. The core democratic right to free
expression gives, in principle, every citizen the right to be a
journalist, to report a fact, and to publish an opinion. Journalism,
by this line of reasoning, is philosophically and practically beyond
regulation by any body associated with the state. Even to place a
heavy emphasis upon training or professional standards can
diminish this necessary freedom: just as free expression guarantees
tolerance for pornography and bad novels, so too, it must avert its
eyes from bad journalism. The alternative turns journalism into
another branch of established power.

Hyper-journalism
Yet there is something too evasive in this script for our own times,
when the mass media exercise global, corporate power on an
unprecedented scale. Journalism today reﬂects not so much the
motivations of clamorous individual citizens, at risk of exploitation
by big corporations or mighty governments, as the motivations of
vast and often highly proﬁtable media institutions. To do its job in a
modern society, journalism needs the capital such organizations
provide, but with that power comes a new requirement from civil
society to balance the power and responsibility of this global
hyper-journalism.
Journalists need to be reminded that it is only through democratic
civil society that they have secured and maintained the ‘free press’
privileges upon which their effectiveness depends. In return, the
public has a right to expect that journalists will take seriously the
responsibilities that come with their privileges. Journalists are not
10

lone rangers with a pocket full of silver bullets; they are individuals
operating within an understood economic, cultural, and political
framework. That is why, in my view, journalists should welcome the
new mood of interrogation about their values, standards, and
professional practices, whilst robustly defending free journalism’s
importance in the functioning of any open society.

New technology, new politics

11

Introduction

There is another, important sense in which the framework of
discussion assumed by a Mencken or a Tomalin is anachronistic.
Both writers were making their argument with reference,
essentially, to newspaper journalism. Today, newspapers are in
remorseless, if gradual, decline. American research reports that,
today, a minority of people say that they read a newspaper the
previous day, compared with 58 per cent only a decade ago. In
Britain, more than a quarter of people today do not regard
newspapers as an important source of news, whereas almost
everyone watches television news. This change is of huge
signiﬁcance, not least because of the difference in political and
economic culture which attended the birth of the press and the
electronic media. Newspapers have their roots in commercial
markets and a period when citizens were struggling, via their
newspapers, for democratic rights. By contrast, radio was born on
the threshold of a totalitarian era in Europe and, for technical
reasons, developed initially either as a state monopoly or an
oligopoly licensed by the state, based upon the state’s ownership of
broadcast spectrum. Television, which came to maturity in the
second half of the twentieth century, also involved very strong state
inﬂuence, either through licensing, in democracies, or direct control
in more authoritarian settings. As General de Gaulle, the French
president, once remarked: ‘My enemies have the press, so I keep
television.’ De Gaulle’s successors have, like their peers in other
European countries, presided over a signiﬁcant loosening of
monopoly, but no one doubts the inﬂuence the French government
still exerts in television, through its appointments to the country’s

Journalism

regulatory system and by other, less obvious, means. Television, in
most parts of the world, remains a heavily regulated industry,
especially with regard to its news services, although this control
is now being challenged by digital television, which delivers
hundreds of channels via satellite and terrestrial transmission
systems.
In this third, digital era of electronic news media, based around the
internet and other broadband communications technologies, the
formative creative and political cultures are different again, this
time based upon a fusion of economic liberalism and globalization
with a technology rooted partly in the Pentagon and partly in the
world’s leading research universities. It is hard to say whether the
political culture of the internet owes more to American West Coast
libertarianism, communitarianism, European social democracy, or
the ideas of contemporary business. What we can say is that the
internet creates a space for convergence between broadcasters and
newspapers, who now compete with each other directly on the
World Wide Web. It is an open question where this leaves the state
and its regulators vis à vis the underlying issue of the ‘reliability’ of
the news. The technology seems to point in the direction of greater
freedom, since the internet bursts wide open national jurisdictions
of content regulation, but the evidence of contemporary debate and
public opinion is that we may not be happy to see journalism left
entirely to the market. We fear, in Onora O’Neill’s words, that
market forces alone may not prevent the poisoning of the wells of
public discourse.
The effects of these waves of technological change upon the culture,
ethics, and practice of journalism have already been profound.
British law, for example, still today requires that all television and
radio news services be politically impartial and accurate – and
regulators have powers to intervene where this is not the case. Amid
all the noise directed against the power in the UK media market of
Rupert Murdoch, it is easy to overlook the extraordinary power of
the BBC, a publicly owned body which controls half the radio
12

What cannot be denied is that the new digital technologies have
started to cause radical shifts in the ways in which everyone
consumes news. That is true of the elderly Afro-Caribbean ladies I
watched sitting in the public library in Peckham, South London, on
a rainy Saturday afternoon reading the Jamaica Gleaner
newspaper, on-line. It is also true of Arab communities around the
world, which can today access via satellite and cable television
systems a number of global Arabic-language television news
services, such as Al Jazeera, which became well known after the
terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in September 2001.
These newcomers present a serious challenge not only to the
hegemony of global news services owned by Americans or former
colonial powers like Britain and France but also to the authoritarian
regimes which hold sway in most Arab countries.
At the same time, many ethnic and linguistic diasporas are ﬁnding
that they can defend their cultural identities, or even acquire
muscular new ones, as a direct result of enhanced media
13

Introduction

market, almost 40 per cent of television, and has been among the
largest, if not the largest, investor in on-line content in Europe.
Some see these arrangements as a persistent mechanism for
political or establishment control of the most powerful news
medium, but it is perhaps more accurately seen as a deliberate,
Gaullist denial of inﬂuence to the international market forces that
continue to shape the press. Since research suggests that the British
public trusts the news it gets from television more than it trusts
what it reads in newspapers, politicians are justiﬁed in claiming
that there is public support for these arrangements. In the United
States, by contrast, the most serious alarm about the decline in
journalistic quality relates to television, and especially to the decline
in the news divisions of the television networks. Is it possible that
Americans will lose faith in the deregulatory course followed by all
administrations since President Reagan’s? If not, how will
American journalism develop a response to its critics? Will the
market be judged capable of delivering satisfactory solutions?

Journalism

connectivity. Take the example of Wales, a tiny country on the very
edge of Europe with a population of 3 million people, of whom
approximately one-ﬁfth speak Welsh, one of Europe’s oldest but
least widely spoken languages. Today, as a result of investment by
BBC Wales in an on-line news service, that community has for the
ﬁrst time in its history an accessible, written daily news service, in
effect an electronic daily newspaper, in the Welsh language. This is,
naturally, very welcome to Welsh speakers, but it is not something
that could possibly have been delivered on a commercial basis
through ink-on-paper technology.
Today there are instant news services from all sorts of communities
of interest, from cancer sufferers to anti-capitalist campaigners, the
latter styling their own ‘anti-media’ organizations ‘independent
media centres’. ‘Anyone with a modem can report to the world,’
says Matt Drudge, the Hollywood-based internet journalist and
gossip-monger, whose work precipitated crisis at the Clinton White
House.

New news, new democracy
According to some commentators, this burgeoning supply of new
services tells us that journalism, far from dumbing down to a bland
irrelevance, is diversifying to an unprecedented health and
inﬂuence. John Hartley, a British academic who works in Australia,
calls journalism ‘the sense-making practice of modernity’, the very
foundation of democratic politics and the primary wiring of popular
culture. Hartley and others like him view the so-called
‘tabloidization’ of journalism not as a diminution of its ambition,
but as an extension of its reach, another unfolding layer in the story
of journalism’s role as the oxygen of democracy.
These proponents of what is sometimes called the ‘the new news’
say that the ‘concerned journalists’ of the Ivy League American
newspaper industry are simply failing to get the point that they
are in the process of being swept aside by an interactive and so less
14

rule-based type of journalism, that works via email, text-messaging,
multimedia story-telling, web-logging, consumer magazines,
popular music, and a host of other media yet to be invented. Rap
music, it has been said, is ‘the CNN black people never had’. The ‘old
news,’ say the new news radicals, is like the old politics, simply not
of any interest to younger people, and the old-timers should get on a
new road if they can’t lend a hand.

In the US, regular viewing of network television news fell from 38
per cent to 30 per cent of the population in the two short years
between 1998 and 2000, as it was squeezed not only by the internet
but also by cable news services. Newspaper consumption is falling
very sharply among young people. In a recent survey, only 30 per
cent of Americans in their thirties said they had read a newspaper
the previous day, down from a ﬁgure of 53 per cent a decade earlier.
This does not mean, however, that young people are not reading.
The same survey showed that Americans under the age of 50 read
lots of magazines and are as likely to have read a book as a
newspaper the previous day. ‘Young people are reading everything
but newspapers,’ says Andrew Kohut, director of the Pew Research
Centre for the People and the Press.
This book is an attempt to describe and analyse the forces at work
upon contemporary journalism and to judge the concerns of the
defenders of ‘old news’ values against the enthusiasms of the ‘new
15

Introduction

There are certainly ﬁgures to support this depiction of a nouvelle
vague in news. By 2000, more than one in three Americans, and
half of Americans under the age of 30, were going on-line at least
once a week to pick up news. British research in 2002 found that
the internet was regarded as the main source of news by a
signiﬁcant group of young British Asians, who do not consider
themselves well served by mainstream news media. This same
research, however, also found that the type of news gathered on-line
was more global than local, and more concerned with sport and
entertainment than with politics.

news’ generation. I operate from the assumption that journalism
matters not just to journalists, but to everyone: good journalism
provides the information and opinion upon which successful
democratic societies depend. Corrupt that and you corrupt
everything. But, equally, let journalism ossify, or be economically
undermined, and politics and public life will also suffer.

Journalism

The discussion that follows entails some historical background,
about the emergence of the idea of a free press, the rise of
newspapers, radio, television and new media, and the growth of
public relations, which was intimately connected with the
development of both journalism and democratic politics in the last
century. But this is not a history book. It is the reﬂection of a
journalist who happens, in the last thirty years, to have enjoyed a
rather unusual career, working all over the world, and in all media.
I started as a local newspaper reporter in northern England and
spent a decade reporting for the Financial Times, one of the world’s
few global newspapers. I then ran the BBC’s vast news and current
affairs operation during a period of its reinvigoration in the late
1980s before becoming in succession: deputy editor of the
Financial Times and editor of the Independent, a position from
which I was ﬁred at the end of 1995 for refusing to cut further an
already emaciated editorial budget. That took me to the editor’s
chair of the New Statesman, a great political weekly, founded by
Fabian Socialists nearly a hundred years ago, before I took time out
for reﬂection in Britain’s oldest journalism school at Cardiff, where
I continued to make radio and television documentaries and write
for newspapers.

Dead black babies
These diverse experiences have given me the privilege of working
alongside some of the world’s best journalists, for some of the
world’s best news media organizations. But I have also worked for a
boss accused of serious dishonesty and I have encountered the
16

worst kind of news room bullies, the sort of people who regard
inquiring foreign journalism as inexplicable concern for ‘dead black
babies’. More recently, I have taken on a communications role
inside a major UK business, where I have seen from a different
vantage point the way that journalism works. I am also a board
member of Britain’s new regulatory body for the communications
and media sectors, Ofcom, where our job includes grappling in a
practical way with many of the issues discussed in these pages.

It will by now be obvious that I did not set out to write this book
entirely convinced by the arguments of the ‘old news’ people, the
‘concerned journalists’ of the United States. Whilst I have been
raised with and share their commitment to old-fashioned virtues
like accuracy and truth-telling in journalism, I suspect that there is
in their response to the ‘new news’ something of the ancien régime,
17

Introduction

One thing I have learnt as a journalist is that all journalism is
deﬁned, to some extent, by the institutions within which it is
created, and that every type of institution brings strengths and
weakness to the mission of journalism. BBC journalism is
magniﬁcent in its range, carefulness, and resources, but it does tend
towards an establishment view of the world. That is probably
inevitable, given its funding structure and governance. Journalism
on the New Statesman, by contrast, where our annual editorial
budget would not have covered the taxi bills of a tiny division of the
BBC, was about ﬁnding new ideas and new angles, missed by the
mainstream press, in pursuit of a politically committed view of the
world. What is obvious to anyone who has worked in journalism is
that we need many and competing cultures of ownership if our
news media are to be truly diverse and, consequently, as a whole,
trusted. Non-diverse journalism cannot, by deﬁnition, achieve trust
across the whole range of a public which is itself so diverse in terms
of economic circumstance, class, ethnicity, gender, region, and in
many other ways. Nor can a journalism which lacks diversity and
plurality adapt to ceaseless change. If journalism cannot be both
trusted and adaptable, it will fail.

alarmed at the cry of the mob in the street. Matt Drudge, the
bloggers, 24-hour TV news channels, ‘investigative comedy’ and
even celebrity journalists and creative public relations are all part of
the wave of energy and innovation which journalism and public
communications constantly needs to refresh themselves: they may
be part of journalism’s necessary diversity, and self-interrogation,
rather than its enemy.

Journalism

Where we are all agreed is that fresh, trenchant, bracing journalism
is the oxygen not only of democracy but of cultural exchange. The
contest between the state, its citizens, and journalism, and the
remaking of the terms of the relationship between them, is a
relentlessly moving diorama. As John Keane, one of our best writers
on democracy, has said: ‘freedom of communications is an ongoing
project without an ultimate solution. It is a project which constantly
generates new constellations and dilemmas and contradictions.’
But the underlying mission of journalism itself does not change. It
is to provide the information and argument that enables societies to
work through their disagreements, to establish agreed facts and to
know their priorities. And it is a job done well only when
accomplished with style and impact: when the words ﬂow and the
pictures are immaculately sequenced. Unlike poetry, which as
W. H. Auden said, ‘makes nothing happen’ and ‘survives in the
valley of its making where executives would never want to tamper’,
journalism strides out into the world and demands a response.
Executives and politicians will always want to tamper with the work
of journalists.

18

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
Born free: a brief history
of news media

Journalism is not an easy business. In the year 2004 alone, 56
journalists were killed in the course of doing their jobs. It was the
highest ﬁgure since 1994, when seventy-two journalists died. The
running total for the decade stands at 337, not counting the large
number of other media workers, such as researchers and
translators, who also lost their lives.
Such deaths mostly go unnoticed. An exception was the case of
Daniel Pearl, the Wall Street Journal reporter, who was murdered
in such grim circumstances that it constituted a ‘story’. Pearl, 38,
had set out to understand the workings of militant Islamic networks
in Europe following the suicide attacks on New York and
Washington in September 2001. His inquiries took him to Pakistan,
where he was kidnapped and held in captivity before having his
throat slit on camera. The resulting videotape, showing a man
brandishing a severed head, was then handed to American ofﬁcials,
to ensure that the murder made its maximum political impact.
Pearl’s pregnant wife said her husband had always felt impelled to
go where the story led.
Of the other thirty-six journalists killed in the year of Pearl’s
murder, eight died in the space of a few weeks as American
troops opened up the battle to take control of Afghanistan
from the Taliban. There were more Western casualties among
21

Journalism

the media in this war than in the American-led alliance directing
it. In the aftermath of the subsequent invasion of Iraq,
kidnappings and on-video executions became a rebel stock in
trade, several of them involving journalists. Deadlier still was the
car bomb which exploded in October 2004 outside the Baghdad
bureau of Al-Arabiya, a Saudi-owned television news channel
based in Dubai. The explosion killed ﬁve employees and wounded
14 others, ﬁve of them journalists, and was followed by a claim
from the ‘Jihad Martyrs Brigades’ that the attack should be seen
as ‘just a warning’ about the station’s reporting of the conﬂict.
When democracy is at stake, journalism is in the ﬁring
line.
But it does not require a war for journalists to die. According to
the Committee to Protect Journalists, most of the thirty-seven
killed in 2001 ‘were murdered in reprisal for their reporting on
sensitive topics, including ofﬁcial crime and corruption in
countries such as Bangladesh, China, Thailand and Yugoslavia’.
During the same, unexceptional year, the CPJ recorded 118 cases

2. Journalism is dangerous: this table shows the most dangerous
countries for journalists in the last decade.
22

of journalists being jailed, mostly from ‘little noticed crackdowns
in Eritrea and Nepal, carried out after September 11,’ which
provided an excuse for despots all over the world to brand
their political opponents as ‘terrorists’ unworthy of basic human
rights. Nor are such outrageous events conﬁned to faraway
tyrannies. Veronica Guerin was shot in her car by gangsters in
Dublin in June 1996. A year earlier, a masked man had
entered her home, pointed a gun at her head and then shot
her in the thigh. She carried on her investigations, with the
comment: ‘I am letting the public know exactly how this society
operates.’

Born free

3. In the ‘war against terrorism’ journalists became targets,
sometimes of ‘friendly ﬁre’ and bombs, sometimes of hostage takers.
Giuliana Sgrena, an Italian journalist, was seized in Iraq and eventually
released. Others were not so fortunate.
23

Journalism

According to those who map the state of world press freedom, that
freedom is now measurably in retreat from the post cold war ﬂood
tide, when it still did not cover the majority of the world’s land
mass. In the new century, China has maintained its long reputation
as the world’s leading jailer of journalists and Russia, along with
one or two other eastern European states, has slipped from a
ranking of ‘partly free’ to ‘not free’. Freedom House, the
organization responsible for this survey work, identiﬁes Burma,
Cuba, Libya, Turkmenistan and North Korea as the world’s blackest
spots for free journalism. Optimists believe that, in due course,
greater prosperity will foster democracy, education and greater
media freedom. Pessimists ask whether there are deeper cultural
forces in play against the West’s post-Enlightenment assumption
that identiﬁes free journalism as the precursor of all political and
economic liberties.

From Milton to the American Constitution
From an American and European perspective, history supports the
case for optimism. Ask journalists from these continents (and
others, such as Australasia where cultural roots are shared) their
purpose and they will often give the standard reply: to hold power
to account. Behind this momentous mission lie 350 years of
passionately contested history. It is worth sketching the main
contours.
The narrative starts with the Reformation, when Protestants split
from the censorious authority of Rome, and runs through the
English Civil War (1642–8), when republicans and dissenters
toppled monarchists, spurred on by the ﬁrst great tract in the cause
of free expression, John Milton’s Areopagitica with its radicalizing
plea: ‘Give me the liberty to know, to utter and to argue freely
according to conscience, above all liberties.’
From there it was a small step to the ﬁrst ﬂowering of English
journalism. Boosted by the abolition of pre-publication censorship,
24

journalists such as Daniel Defoe, Joseph Addison, Richard
Steele, Jonathan Swift, John Wilkes, and Thomas Paine became
men of national and, in Paine’s case, global inﬂuence. But it
was not all revolutionary pamphleteering. We owe to Defoe a
snapshot of the ﬁrst professional reporters, working London’s
coffee houses in 1728 with a ruthlessly commercial craftsmanship.
Defoe writes:
‘Persons are employed . . . to haunt coffee houses and thrust
themselves into companies where they are not known; or plant
themselves at convenient distances to overhear what is said . . . The
same persons hang and loiter about the publick ofﬁces like
housebreakers, waiting for an interview with some little clerk or a
conference with a door keeper in order to come at a little news, or an
account of transactions; for which the fee is a shilling, or a pint of
wine.’

Thomas Paine’s contribution to our brief history surpasses even
Defoe’s. The son of a Norfolk stay-maker, Paine fomented
revolution on both sides of the Atlantic. He sailed for Philadelphia
in 1774 and two years later published Common Sense, a pamphlet
setting out the case for American independence from British rule. A
best-seller in America, it was also, according to a contemporary
report, ‘received in France and in all Europe with rapture’. The next
year, Paine returned to England and wrote Rights of Man, arguing
25

Born free

Defoe’s metaphor of the journalist as burglar sits tellingly with
Janet Malcolm’s contemporary depiction of the journalist as
‘conﬁdence man’ referred to in the previous chapter. But whatever
the ethical tensions latent in the emerging business of journalism, a
free and vigorous press was an increasingly potent aspect of the
political, economic and cultural landscape of the British Isles. When
the London media industry located itself in Fleet Street, a dingy
thoroughfare connecting the capital’s business district to the east
with the seat of political power in the west, it staked its claim to a
unique power base.

Journalism

that human beings have a natural right to govern themselves, rather
than to be governed by the beneﬁciaries of inherited title and
power. Arraigned for treason, he ﬂed to Paris and was elected a
Deputy in the National Convention, before being swept aside by
revolutionary factionalism, which led to his imprisonment and
almost to his death. Paine then returned to the United States, where
he lived out his days on the uneasy borderland between political
power and journalism. He died in New York in 1809, refusing
with his last breath to express any belief in the divinity of Jesus
Christ.
Milton’s spirit and Paine’s didactic radicalism are written
deep into the heart of the American Constitution and its
First Amendment that: ‘Congress shall make no law . . .
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press’, a momentously
important linkage between the universal individual right of free
expression and the liberties owing to the dominant news medium
of the day. Thomas Jefferson reinforced the point when he wrote
in 1787 to Colonel Edward Carrington the most comforting words
in the history of journalism, that: ‘The basis of our government
being the opinion of the people, the very ﬁrst object should be
to keep that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we
should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers
without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer
the latter.’

Blood-stained newsprint
Amid the bloodier footprints of the French Revolution,
Paine’s inﬂuence is less easy to specify. This was a political
maelstrom which thrust many journalists into often brief
positions of public inﬂuence and, in some case, direct
political ofﬁce, with all the attendant risks. The editor of the
Ami du Peuple, Jean Paul Marat, was murdered in his bath,
leaving for posterity a copy of his newspaper stained with
his own blood. One commentator has described the French
26

Revolution as ‘journalism’s big bang’; the point at which it
started to become the pervasive engine of modern, democratic
societies.

An Asian model?
It is important to note, however, that the English and American
newspapers which ﬂourished in this long period of democratization
were by no means the ﬁrst in the world. China, for example, had
ofﬁcial information sheets (tipao) centuries before the years of
revolution in Europe and America, spawning unofﬁcial rivals of
sufﬁcient journalistic enterprise that the Sung dynasty (960–1279)
felt it necessary to suppress them. The attitude today of the Chinese
authorities to news media freedom on both the Chinese mainland
and in the former British colony of Hong Kong leaves a great deal to
be desired from a western liberal standpoint, but the history and
culture of these places can hardly be expected to lead to a
replication of Euro-American news industry values. The history and
cultural context of a newspaper like the South China Morning Post,
which has ﬂourished in its own way under British colonialism and
re-accession by the People’s Republic of China, indicates the
complexities involved.
27

Born free

This mighty legacy touches French journalism today.
France’s journalism, with its roots in the political tract
and the essay rather than the witnessed news report,
tends to be more intellectually adventurous and serious
than its Anglo-Saxon counterpart, but it is also less
empirically forensic. French journalism is also more sensitive
to the privacy of individuals: soft, say its Anglo-Saxon critics;
grown up say its advocates. According to the historian
Jack Richard Censer, the radical newspapermen of the
French revolutionary period ‘generally saw themselves as
politicians with a primary responsibility to inﬂuence the course
of events and with little allegiance toward any abstract
journalistic ethic’.

Journalism

The resulting tensions are highly visible within a modern city
state like Singapore, shaped by a post-colonial experience which
has seen rapid and successful economic development, not least in
the area of the new communications technologies. To Western
eyes it is paradoxical that the Government of Singapore should
simultaneously be committed to one of the most sophisticated
communications infrastructures in the world, whilst also
running a regime of censorship and media restriction, which has
brought it into conﬂict with some of the west’s most respected
media companies, including The Economist and the Wall Street
Journal.
The modern Japanese press, by contrast, enjoys the protection of a
national constitution which enshrines the principle of press
freedom, established under strong American inﬂuence after the
Second World War, and is not subject to state censorship. But the
workings of Japanese news media are barely recognizable to
journalists from the United States or Britain. Japanese society
works more through negotiation, collaboration and consensus than
through strong ideological difference and competition. Japanese
journalists are bound together in a network of a thousand ‘press
clubs’, all linked to major institutional or industrial sources of
power and therefore of news. These clubs are designed to ensure
that both sides play by a set of unofﬁcial rules. It is, in essence, a
form of self-regulation, designed to avoid embarrassment and
misunderstanding, but which in the opinion of its (mostly Western)
critics neuters and homogenizes Japan’s journalism through the
management of news ﬂows.

On liberty
It is upon the intellectual foundations of European liberalism,
however, that the ediﬁce of the free press stands. In early
nineteenth-century Britain, the liberal intelligentsia was in no
doubt about the need to contest the more étatiste view of journalism
they saw across the English Channel, just as they also contested a
28

more Gallic dirigiste view of economic policy. James Mill, the
Scots utilitarian, argued in an inﬂuential essay in 1811 that the
dangers of a timorous press, too friendly to established political
power, greatly exceeded the political dangers of its opposite.
Mill thought the relative political stability of England, Holland,
Switzerland, and the United States, compared with the bloody
turmoil in France, resulted not from an excessively free press
in France, but from an excessively controlled one. Almost half
a century later, Mill’s son, the philosopher John Stuart Mill,
delivered the most eloquent case for political and economic
liberalism in the English language. In his 1859 essay On Liberty
he writes:
‘The peculiar evil of silencing an expression of opinion is that it is
robbing the human race; posterity as well as the existing generation;
those who dissent from the opinion, still more than those who hold
exchanging error for truth: if wrong, they lose, what is almost as
great a beneﬁt, the clearer perception and livelier impression of
truth, produced by its collision with error.’

Liberals (in the English, historical meaning of that word, rather
than its looser contemporary American usage) were thus the
friends of press freedom, philosophically, politically and
commercially. They opposed special taxes or stamp duties on
newspapers as vigorously as they supported greater freedom to
trade. The upshot was a proliferation of titles in what is often seen
as the golden era of the British press: politically radical but not
yet, in the early stages of the industrial revolution, narrowly
corporate. Henry Hetherington’s Poor Man’s Guardian, launched
in 1831, in deﬁance of stamp duty, declared: ‘It is the cause of the
rabble we advocate, the poor, the suffering, the industrious, the
productive classes. . . . We will teach this rabble their power – we
will teach them that they are your master, instead of being your
slaves.’ Yet only two years after the launch of Poor Man’s
Guardian, Hetheringon was also promising readers of his
29

Born free

it. If the opinion is right, they are deprived of the opportunity of

Twopenny Dispatch a diet of ‘murders, rapes, suicides, burnings,
maimings, theatricals, races, pugilism and . . . every sort of
devilment that will make it sell’. Thus did the lion of radical
political journalism lie down with the lamb of tabloid
sexploitation.
Before long, bigger newspapers, free from taxation and fat with
advertising, were trumpeting the glories of a ‘new journalism’. In
1852, The Times deﬁned as its purpose: ‘to obtain the earliest and
most correct intelligence of the events of the time and instantly, by
disclosing them, to make them the common property of the nation’.
By now, papers like The Times were enjoying the greater news
coverage made possible by the emerging news agencies, such as the
one launched by Julius Reuter in 1851.

Journalism

Government by journalism
In these circumstances, journalism asserted itself, pre-ﬁguring the
era of media hyper-power in which we now live. The embodiment of
what Victorian intellectuals called the ‘New Journalism’ was W. T.
Stead, editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, who specialized in
controversial exposures of sex rackets, as a result of which he found
himself in jail. It was in Holloway Prison, in 1886, that Stead wrote
a remarkable essay on the future of journalism, informing the world
that journalism had now become ‘superior to that of any other
institution or profession known among men’. For Stead, the
journalist was the key to comprehending public opinion, ‘to be both
eye and ear for the community’. He concluded: ‘I have not yet lost
faith in the possibility of some of our great newspaper proprietors
who will content himself with a reasonable fortune, and devote the
surplus of his gigantic proﬁts to the development of his newspapers
as an engine of social reform and as a means of government.’ A
means of government? Stead was not kidding. Through ‘an
exhaustive interrogation of public opinion’, such a newspaper
would acquire an authority which politicians would be unable to
ignore.
30

‘The journalist would speak with an authority far superior to that
possessed by any other person; for he would have been the latest to
interrogate the democracy. Parliament has attained its utmost
development. There is need of a new representative method, not to
supersede but to supplement that which exists – a system which will
be more elastic, more simple, more direct and more closely in
contact with the mind of the people. . . . When the time does arrive,
and the man and the money are both forthcoming, government by
journalism will no longer be a somewhat hyperbolic phrase, but a
solid fact.’

Media monopoly, communism and fascism
This heyday of the market-based, industrialized free press was,
however, remarkably short-lived. Within a couple of decades of the
new century, the market-based model for the development of news
media came under challenge, ﬁrst from radio, then from television
and, towards the end of the twentieth century, from the internet.
These were media which would soon acquire a reach never achieved
by newspapers and they were born not in tiny printers’ shops
subject to the laws of a market economy; rather, they were
31

Born free

This early techno-utopianism foreshadows today’s alarms about
‘government by the media’ and declining afﬁliation to institutions of
representative democracy. Stead’s hubris was in tune with an era
when newspapers were launched not with soberly descriptive titles
such as The Times, The Gazette, and The Record, but ablaze with
popular aspiration: the Mirror, the Sun, the Comet, and the Star.
Most of Britain’s great popular newspapers of today were born in
the ﬁnal years of Queen Victoria’s reign: the Daily Mail (1896), the
Daily Express (1900), and the Daily Mirror (1903). Parallel forces
were at work in the United States, where proprietors like William
Randolph Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer were creating the so-called
‘yellow’ press. The newspaper industries of Britain and the United
States entered the twentieth century at the peak of their political
and economic power.

inventions naturally and speedily commandeered by governments,
which took the view that the new communications technologies
must be owned or licensed by the state. It is too easily forgotten that
the media technologies of the twentieth century have their roots not
in markets, but in monopoly or licensed oligopoly.

Journalism

The implications for journalism would be far reaching, as
democratic governments sought new ways, either through direct
control of the emerging technologies or through the medium of
‘independent’ regulatory bodies, to satisfy themselves that the news
media would operate within a broadly deﬁned and accepted public
interest. As the twentieth century gave way to the twenty-ﬁrst, and
the technologies of analogue radio and television surrendered to
digital communications technologies, making it possible for
broadcast-type services to be transmitted globally and instantly

4. Tiananmen Square. Television has been frequently attacked for
‘dumbing down’ the news media, but when big events unfold, there is
nothing to compare with the memorable drama of television news.
Here, a student demonstrator halts a column of tanks in Tiananmen
Square, during the famous protests in 1989.
32

across a range of infrastructures, new challenges would emerge.
Now that newspapers, radio and television could share delivery
platforms, via broadband internet, would it still make sense, or even
be possible, to regulate them differently? If not, would the trend be
in the direction of greater market-based freedom associated with
the free press? Or would the new communications networks, in all
their complexity, be regulated for content and standards by some
state or political authority?

Born free

33

5 George Orwell was probably the twentieth century’s greatest
journalist. Not only did he write brilliantly and didactically about the
art of clear writing, he also, in his novels Animal Farm and 1984,
imagined a dystopia in which the corruption of information systems
would lead to tyranny and systematic violence. Today Orwell’s Big
Brother has taken on a more playful meaning, in reality television.

Chapter 2
Big brother: journalism and
the altered state

In the early years of this century, I spent some time in Russia,
talking to journalists from the length and breadth of that vast
country. They had come together for an annual media seminar to
imbibe good practice from democratic societies. In most respects,
such evangelism can only be unreservedly welcomed. No one can
defend the deceitful propaganda of the ‘information regimes’ of
the Soviet era, when the titles of leading newspapers such as
Pravda (‘Truth’) were turned into grim self-parodies. Yet, as I sat
through the seminar, I couldn’t avoid a sense of irony at the
moralizing rhetoric of the (inevitably) Western evangelists at a
time when Western journalism was widely felt to be struggling with
its own diminished civic purpose. In 2002, as stock markets
collapsed amid wave after wave of corporate scandal, it was by no
means obvious that advanced capitalism’s model of lightly
regulated big business was providing a convincing model for
sustaining free news media.
But the rhetoric of free market evangelists remains potent. Rupert
Murdoch, whose global business has been built beneath its halo,
has compared satellite television, in which he is a leading player,
to the Magna Carta and the abolition of pre-publication censorship
by the English Parliament in 1694. In 1993, Murdoch went further,
declaring that the new communications technologies ‘have proved
an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere’. This
35

was the spirit which saw news entrepreneurs, among them
Murdoch’s great rival Ted Turner, founder of the news network
CNN, embark for Moscow in the early 1990s, convinced that their
proposed new channels would both liberate their viewers and
enrich their owners.

Journalism

Russian journalism at the edge
In the early years of the new millennium, the situation looked a
good deal more complicated. Here at a Soviet-era conference centre
on the edge of snow-bound Moscow, senior ﬁgures from the
Russian Parliament, the Duma, the state television authorities, and
the Moscow press squared up to a group of young, but by no means
inexperienced journalists from across Russia. At issue was the kind
of journalism developing in Russia, as it struggled between the
dizzying polarities of anarcho-capitalism and fading memories of
Soviet certainty.
Irina Lukyanova, a former newspaper journalist, was at that
time presenter of the main political current affairs programme
of SkaT, a television station in Samara, in the Volga. I asked
her what inﬂuence she had over who appeared on her show –
the kind of issue often hotly contested in the West between
producers and presenters. ‘I am allowed to choose,’ she replied,
‘except for those who pay for their places.’ Those who pay? ‘Yes,
there are usually a couple of seats for those who pay, mainly
politicians or business people.’ How much do they pay? ‘About
a thousand US dollars. The price is set by the advertising
department.’ A further indignity, she explained, was the role
demanded of journalists like her during election periods by
the powerful regional politicians who, along with business
tycoons, had taken control of much of Russia’s political life in
the post-Soviet period. Journalists are pressured to work for
the election campaign teams where, inside a few weeks, they
can earn as much as in the rest of the year. Around election time,
Irina, who is popular with her audience, said she was required to
36

act as ‘interviewer’ for what in effect were party-political broadcasts
– a clear conﬂict of roles. She had dealt with this situation by
developing a ‘cold and mechanical’ style of interviewing for these
occasions, the stance of a ‘microphone holder’ rather than a
journalist. I asked her to demonstrate, using a spoon as a
microphone. It was an impressively coded statement against a
practice she bitterly resented, but which she felt she could not
change.

During that same trip, I also visited the huge Ostankino
broadcasting complex on the edge of Moscow to meet some of the
people at the centre of the battle for control of the now partially
privatized Russian television system. A few weeks earlier one group
of journalists had walked out of the country’s third largest network,
NTV, in order to set up shop on the other side of the complex with
the rival TV6, which was later forced off the air-waves. This contest
37

Big brother

In the newspaper world, life can be even tougher. Alexander
Yakhontov was editor of a weekly paper, Novaya Gazeta, in a small
city a few hundred miles south of Moscow. He made a start in
journalism in 1991, during the warm spring which followed the
ending of the cold war. Like most papers, Novaya Gazeta had begun
life as a tiny cog in the Communist Party machine – the voice of the
local Young Communist League. In its communist heyday, it
recorded a meaningless, but impressive-sounding circulation ﬁgure
of 50,000. Reborn, post-glasnost, as a title owned by its staff with
what Yakhontov styles a ‘public watchdog’ role in its community,
largely learnt from American example, the paper was by the end of
2001 struggling to sell 4,000 copies a week and had been subject to
repeated bouts of harassment from the local governor. Ofﬁcial
tactics included efforts to evict the paper from its ofﬁces, court
action, and, for a period, the establishment of a rival paper with an
almost identical name. When I asked Alexander Yakhontov about
his hopes for the future, he replied: ‘The intelligentsia needs
independent opinion. I hope we shall survive, despite all the
hardships.’

Journalism

demonstrated that the Kremlin was still ﬁxing television industry
politics at the highest level. Yet I was also struck by the contrast
between what I saw in the NTV news production suite that
evening and what I had observed fourteen years earlier, when I
had visited Ostankino as the head of a BBC News delegation to
Gostelradio, then the monopoly Soviet broadcaster, just before the
fall of the Berlin Wall. Arriving then at about 11 a.m., I was asked
whether I would like to observe the rehearsals for that evening’s
main television news bulletin, which was to be read by a thick-set
man in a shiny suit. ‘How can you rehearse a bulletin so long
before it goes on air, since you can’t yet know what the main news
items will be?’ I enquired. ‘We already have our script. It has been
cleared,’ my host replied. In Soviet Russia, breaking news
conformed to the working patterns of bureaucrats. As usual, it
began with an account of a visit to Moscow by a sympathetic
foreign dignitary.
Fourteen years later, NTV’s evening news led with a reheated
allegation of Kremlin involvement in the bombing of a Moscow
apartment block, which triggered, or had been used to justify,
escalation of the war in Chechnya. This war, between the Russian
state and a separatist movement, presented a huge challenge to
emerging media freedoms in Russia, exempliﬁed when Russian
troops handed over Andrei Babitsky, a Russian journalist working
for the US government-funded Radio Liberty, to rebel troops.
President Putin had described Babitsky’s reporting as ‘much more
dangerous than ﬁring a machine gun’. As I entered the NTV
newsroom, the ﬁrst computer screen I saw displayed the Drudge
Report, the American muck-raking internet site. That same day,
revelations about sexual misdemeanours by an executive involved
in the TV6–NTV row would appear on a Russian website
specializing in what Russians call ‘compromat’ – sleaze. This may
not be a utopia of free expression, but it is a very long way from the
old Pravda, with its global network of dull writers trained to eat
well and service the party line. As President Putin continues to
tighten his grip on television, he will not ﬁnd the process as
38

6. Beslan: as Russia attempted to construct a fragile democracy in the
post cold war world, the Kremlin kept a tight grip on television. Its
justiﬁcation was the need to take a strong line against terrorists, like
those who massacred schoolchildren in Beslan.
39

straightforward as his Soviet forebears, but that will not stop him
from trying.

Journalism

American self-doubt
If Russian journalism is going through what Americans like to see
as a version of its own struggle two centuries earlier on behalf of
democratic values, what are we to make of the current selflacerations of American journalism, which sounds at its most
extreme like a crisis in the very soul of liberalism? The ﬂavour of the
debate is captured in the title of James Fallows’ book Breaking the
News: How the Media Undermine American Democracy. Fallows
made his name with this tract and went on to edit the news weekly,
US News and World Report. Another example is Trivia Pursuit, a
1998 book by Knowlton Nash, a well-known Canadian broadcaster.
Its subtitle is: How Showbiz Values are Corrupting the News.
Arthur E. Rowse, a journalist who has served on the Washington
Post and the Boston Globe, entitled his confessional: Drive-by
Journalism: The Assault on Your Need to Know. According to
Rowse, the new wave in journalism has corrupted journalism
with reckless mergers, ‘exploited the First Amendment for proﬁt’,
trivialized coverage of politics and public life and become over
reliant on publicists rather than reporting skills.
The most striking charge of this wave of critics is that the First
Amendment, designed to guarantee the individual’s and the press’s
right to free expression, has been hijacked in pursuit of commercial
interests by the likes of the Disney Corporation and AOL–Time
Warner, who are in business to enhance shareholder value by
providing services of entertainment. Why, it is asked, should
journalism placed at the service of a global entertainment
conglomerate qualify for the protection of a First Amendment
whose spirit was designed to support newspapers’ mission to hold
power to account? This is the turn of events dubbed by concerned
American journalists ‘a fundamental and epic change with
enormous implications for democratic society’.
40

Public journalism ﬁghts back

Many themes intertwine in this ‘public journalism’ debate: some
concern issues of media ownership and journalistic ethics dealt
with later in this book. But when we place side by side our
snapshots of American and Russian journalism today, the biggest
question to emerge is this: what should we see as the desirable
relationship between journalism and a democratic state and its
agencies? Clearly, the answers in practice will depend a great deal
upon the depth and nature of the democracy in any given state, but
are the principles still clear enough at a time of rapidly changing
media technologies?
41

Big brother

One envisaged remedy for this state of affairs is a return to ‘public
journalism’, sometimes called ‘civic journalism’, which emphasizes
the importance of journalists working more closely within their
communities and where possible taking responsibility for more
than their reporting. For example, a local newspaper might put
itself at the service of a programme of environmental improvement,
or a drive for higher standards in local schools, using not only the
conventional tactics of revelatory reporting and setting out
conﬂicting opinions, but also through more deliberately
constructive interventions: the dissemination of public information
material, running competitions, working with schools, and so
on. Public journalism seeks to widen news agendas, beyond
the familiar territory of crime, social disorder, scandal and
entertainment. It makes a direct appeal back to the democratic
well-spring of the free press: brought into being to serve the
citizen’s need. Civil society, in this argument, emerges as a
democratic centre distinguishable from, say, elected Government
or other more obvious institutions of democratic socities. Fallows
dresses his argument with a call for higher personal standards
among journalists, who are urged to follow politicians by making
transparent their ﬁnancial and other interests, to re-build trust
with a public which increasingly regards them as ‘buck rakers’
rather than muck-rakers.

Journalism

This is complex terrain, involving as it does consideration of the
changing relationship between big business and political power in
advanced democracies like the United States. Many Americans see
their own media model as a beacon of liberal principle and this is
supported, for example, by the way that the independent American
judiciary has, on many occasions, defended the principle of free
speech in the face of Government pressure. Yet it is also true that
the de-regulation of American broadcasting since the presidency of
Ronald Reagan is blamed by many American journalists for the
decline in the status of news, leading to a withdrawal of what NBC’s
long-serving presenter, Tom Brokaw, has called ‘conscience money’.
The opening created by this de-regulation for a ﬁfth television
network, Fox, controlled by the pro-Republican, economic liberal
Rupert Murdoch, involved a piece of political and industrial
manoeuvring aimed at re-balancing media forces in a conservative
direction. It was paralleled in the UK in the 1980s by the
emergence, during Margaret Thatcher’s premiership, of Murdoch’s
BSkyB to challenge the broadcasting supremacy of the BBC which,
like the American television networks, is regarded by political
conservatives as irredeemably left of centre in its political and
cultural attitudes. Does this represent a triumph of liberalism or a
triumph of political dirigisme? The case can be made on both sides.

Convergent media
Today, convergence between the technologies of newspapers,
telecommunications, broadcasting, and computers is bringing
these issues and tensions into ever sharper focus, obliging everyone
to rethink the structure of these regulatory arrangements. Britain is
among those to have decided that the best approach (like the
American) is to have a single point of regulatory authority for all
systems of electronic communication, whilst leaving newspapers
largely free to regulate themselves, except when it comes to mergers
and acquisitions.
Rupert Murdoch continues to deploy his ‘neo-liberal’ argument
42

Today, television viewers in the middle of England, Germany or
Turkey can pick up not only their own domestic news channels, but
also a range of American and other services originating beyond the
national borders, where regulatory standards differ greatly. In
Britain, these newcomers include a number of Asian television
stations, serving Britain’s large Indian, Pakistani, and Bangladeshi
population, along with the Arabic-language stations, Al Jazeera
and Al-Arabiya. Another relatively new option for British audiences
is Murdoch’s own Fox News, created for the American market
with the deliberate aim of redressing what its owner sees as the
liberal/left tendency in American network news. According to
Murdoch: ‘the time will come when there will be no further need
for impartiality rules for any of the media.’ This argument will
gain even more force as broadband internet starts to allow
broadcasting via the telecommunications network, further
challenging established structures of broadcast power.
Against this neo-liberal position stands most of Europe’s Social
43

Big brother

that the emergence of new media platforms obliges government to
withdraw from regulation and leave television, radio, and on-line
journalism to follow the path of newspapers, determined by
commercial market forces. But this is a long way from the current
reality in Europe, where most countries, including the UK, have
laws that require television news to be politically impartial, a
stricture which applies to any broadcaster seeking a licence to
transmit within their territory. Politicians of all parties tend to
support this status quo and there is still evidence of strong public
support for this type of content regulation. However, it should also
be noted that those people least inclined to support continued
regulation and public funding of this ‘public service broadcasting’
model are those who enjoy the widest range of choice in their
television services through cable and satellite delivery. As
multi-channel television and radio become the norm, it is therefore
by no means a foregone conclusion that the late-twentieth-century
approach to regulation of news standards will be maintained.

Democratic and Christian Democratic traditions, buttressed by
powerful institutions like the BBC, which each year receives almost
£3bn a year of public money to enable it, among other things, to
supply a form of high-quality journalism not only throughout the
UK and its regions, but also to the world. Mikhail Gorbachev has
spoken of the way he depended upon news from the BBC at crucial
moments in his own political career and it was from the BBC that
Northern Alliance troops in the deserts of Afghanistan got their
information in the war against the Taliban in 2002.

Journalism

No bonﬁre of regulations tonight
So the global reality in the ﬁrst years of the twenty-ﬁrst century was
not, as Murdoch predicted, a bonﬁre of broadcast regulation.
Rather, what we started to see was a cautious lightening of the
regulatory burden, aimed at improving investment ﬂows and
innovation in electronic communications generally, combined with
a continued insistence on the state’s right to sanction public
investment in non-market-driven broadcasting and, where
possible, to regulate for impartiality of news.
In emerging democracies like Russia, it has not been difﬁcult for
politicians to continue to exercise very signiﬁcant direct inﬂuence
over television and radio and in the European Union, it is a matter
of established law that member states have the right to subsidize
their broadcasters on public interest grounds, in ways
impermissible in most industries. In some countries, notably
France, this position reﬂects a long-standing and passionately
articulated resistance to the Americanization of national cultures.
This Euro-nationalism was neatly illustrated during the crisis
at the media giant Vivendi in 2002, when the company’s boss,
Jean Marie-Messier, dubbed by his critics Maître de l’Univers
Moi-Même, was evicted following his attempts, in effect, to
transplant the company’s heart to New York. At the same time,
German politicians were scratching around in search of a ‘German
solution’ to the problems of the Kirch Media group.
44

According to a wide range of critics and scholars, the problems of
the European news media are very much of their own making. The
French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu’s study of television journalism
found a system where ‘all production is oriented toward preserving
established values’ and where competition ‘rather than generating
originality and diversity, tends to favour uniformity’, though it is not
clear from Bourdieu’s argument whether the fault he ﬁnds lies
chieﬂy with the market or the pervasive relationship between the
French state and the country’s electronic news media. What France
has, says Serge Halimi, another left-wing critic, is ‘media which is
more and more ubiquitous, journalists who are more and more
docile and a public information system which is more and more
mediocre’.
The doyen of this leftist critique of journalism as an arm of
established power is the American linguist Noam Chomsky, whose
writings have had considerable inﬂuence upon writers like John
Pilger, the Australian campaigning journalist. Pilger argues that
45

Big brother

It would be wrong, however, to suggest that Europe has been
immune to the pessimism which has characterized America’s
internal debate about journalism. Across Europe, falling turnout at
elections has been linked to the failings of the news media, which
are accused somewhat self-contradictorily of both dumbing down
and failing to appeal to young people. Audiences to mainstream
television news bulletins and to current affairs programmes have
fallen steadily in the last decade, along with readership of
newspapers. Voting levels in European Union elections fell from
two-thirds to under half in the last twenty years and across Europe,
there is talk of the ‘vanishing young reader’ of newspapers. In the
British general election of 2001, only 59.4 per cent of those entitled
voted, the lowest ﬁgure since women got the vote. Among 18 to 25
year olds the ﬁgure was 39 per cent. Following this, the BBC quickly
launched an internal inquiry about its own programmes, debating
the premise that ‘neither politicians nor media are truly in step with
the mood of the nation’.

Journalism

British television is just as parochial as American television and
certainly does not spare the BBC from his characterization of a mass
media functioning as a willing tool of a propagandizing political
establishment. In Pilger’s assessment, most journalists have become
either puppets of tough proprietors like Rupert Murdoch or lazy
and largely passive victims of public relations experts. They are
pursuing a ‘hidden agenda’ – sometimes concealed even from
journalists themselves. Nowhere is this more true, he would say,
than in the reporting of war.

46

Chapter 3
The ﬁrst casualty: journalists
at war

‘The ﬁrst casualty when war comes is truth,’ said Senator Hiram
Johnson in 1917, an age of relative innocence in terms of the politics
of mass media. War has indeed always delivered the most severe
test of journalistic independence. Philip Knightley, who took
Johnson’s text as the title for his own history of war reporting, The
First Casualty, argues that only in a ‘war of national survival’, such
as the Second World War, should journalists entertain the idea of
explicit cooperation with the state. Since most wars are not of this
type, Knightley maintains that journalists cannot use this defence
to justify weak or one-sided reporting. Given the constraints
imposed by the military on war reporting, he concludes that it has
become more or less impossible to do an honest job as a war
reporter: ‘The age of the war correspondent as hero is clearly
over.’
Yet in situations where a newspaper or broadcaster knows that its
own readers, or the children of its own readers, are risking their
lives in a military action which falls short of a war of national
survival, is it really possible for news organizations to behave
even-handedly? In the 1991 Gulf War, for example, the news
media prominently reported information about the likely allied
counter-invasion of Kuwait, designed by military commanders to
confuse the Iraqi enemy. If journalists had known this information
to be wrong, would they still have been right to report it? Harder
47

Journalism

still, if a journalist had known the real, secret plan, would it have
been correct to report that, even if it meant risking the loss of many
of his own country’s soldiers’ lives? It is difﬁcult to believe that any
journalist rooted in a national community could answer yes to the
second question.
Equally, however, you might think that even in a war of national
survival, we would rather our journalists did not fall for crude
propaganda, of the kind the British government used to such
advantage during the First World War, circulating stories about
German troops massacring babies and slicing the breasts from
women as they advanced into Belgium. And when journalists on the
ground can see with their own eyes that a military campaign is
going horribly, chronically wrong, surely they have a wider
responsibility to make this known, whatever the politicians may say
about national interest. This is what happened when The Times
revealed the disastrous state of the British army in the Crimean
War in the 1850s and when American journalists exposed the
atrocities and blundering ineffectiveness of their country’s troops in
Vietnam.

War in the living room
Yet it is obvious from a military perspective that media activity is
there to be strictly managed, if not controlled. The Vietnam War
was lost on television. When Britain went to war with Argentina in
1982 over the latter’s incursions into the Falkland Islands, the only
way journalists could get to the war or transmit stories from it was
with the aid of the Royal Navy. As a result, there was hardly any
front-line reporting until the very ﬁnal stages of the conﬂict, when
the outcome was no longer in doubt. Even so, the British
government complained vigorously when London-based BBC
journalists carried reports from Argentinian sources.
By the time of a series of conﬂicts in the 1990s in the Gulf and the
Balkans, military planners had to deal with the fact that media
48

technology had moved on. Now, television journalists could operate
in the ﬁeld with lightweight cameras which made it possible to
shoot pictures and edit and transmit them from the ﬁeld via
satellite. The internet meant that when a radio station was bombed,
or shut down (as was the case with the Belgrade station B92 in the
Yugoslav wars), it could still reach listeners via the World Wide
Web. By the late 1990s, news was happening around the clock on
radio, television, and the internet. The days of a single, orderly news
brieﬁng a day, timed to serve the main evening news on television,
was well and truly gone. In the Balkans, NATO quickly concluded
that it would need to learn from the politicians of the Clinton and
Blair era the techniques of spin, rapid rebuttal, and ‘feeding the
beast’ – a technique designed to ensure that the 24-hour news media
never suffer from the kind of hunger that encourages them to go
looking for inconvenient stories and angles. ‘Information’ of
dubious provenance about atrocities committed by the Serb armed
forces on citizens of Kosovo were lent ofﬁcial support, only to be
49

The ﬁrst casualty

7. Saddam Hussain of Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1991, provoking war
with the Western powers. The cable news company CNN made its
name during the war, with its since much-imitated round the clock
coverage.

conﬁrmed as false when the conﬂict ended and the ‘information’
about mass graves could be checked.

Journalism

Embeds, or in-beds
The Kosovo War of 1999 also spread literally to the World Wide
Web, when hackers from different factions tried to disrupt each
other’s web-based communications. The new openness of the
communications system had other, startling effects. I recall sitting
in a barber’s shop in London during the early days of the allied
bombardment of Belgrade and being taken aback to hear on a
television phone-in the voices of people whose towns and cities
aircraft ﬁnanced from my taxes were bombing. Meanwhile, the BBC
News website, at the time the most visited news site in Europe,
included direct hyperlinks to sites devoted to distributing
information and propaganda on behalf of the Serb authorities,
without apparent complaint from the authorities. As General
Wesley Clark, supreme commander of NATO’s forces during the
war, commented: in future all wars would be fought on the
assumption that the news media operate behind enemy lines. The
military response to these circumstances, as evident during the
2003 Iraq War, has been to promote the concept of ‘embedding’
reporters with troops, ensuring a level of military control but
offering TV news organizations access to genuine, front-line
pictures, often in real time. The war against Saddam Hussain
prompted a major debate about the role of the ‘embeds’ (or ‘inbeds’ as their critics styled them) against the so-called
‘independents’ who were often far away from front-line military
action, but arguably had more freedom to comment and make
judgments. A post-war analysis of the experience conducted by the
Cardiff University journalism school concluded that embeds
provided ‘a useful addition to the mix’ of war reporting, but that
their operation was associated with ‘a greater disregard for the
welfare of independent journalists, particularly by US forces.’

50

Even bombs can bore
Yet instant, continuous news has also yielded perverse effects. With
news everywhere, the public attention span has shortened even in
time of war. Faraway wars, which scarcely involved military
casualties on the NATO side, could be mined for the most exciting
bits, then forgotten as was the case when the dreary, routine
bombing of northern Iraq continued year after year in the late
1990s and was barely reported in the Western media. The public
was, no doubt, astonished to be told in 2002, as President George
W. Bush talked up the idea of a decisive war against Iraq, that the
First Gulf War had never, entirely, ended.

51

The ﬁrst casualty

Editors were increasingly conscious that their readers, listeners,
and viewers needed to be kept entertained and that hard news alone
would no longer sell papers. This change was startlingly evident on
the day when NATO bombers attacked Yugoslavia on 24 March
1999, the ﬁrst NATO action on European soil since the end of the
Second World War. The following day, only one British newspaper,
the Daily Telegraph, thought the news justiﬁed clearing its front
page for the event. The others all reported the news prominently,
but felt they must offer other diversions for their readers. The Times
obliged with a page 1 trail for a feature on the writer Bruce
Chatwin’s love affair with style-guru Jasper Conran. The
Guardian’s preferred distraction was ‘Doctors – the new fertility
gods’ and the Independent’s an item on England football managers.
In the week prior to the bombing, the proportion of each paper’s
space given to foreign news ranged between 8 and 12 per cent for
the white broadsheets and between 0 and 4 per cent for the
tabloids. Of the British newspapers, only the Financial Times,
serving a globally minded business reader, has stood outside the
trend of dramatically diminished weight of foreign news in the
editorial mix.

Journalism

8. When NATO launched air and missile strikes against Yugoslavia in
March 1999, it was the ﬁrst allied action on European soil since the end
of the Second World War. But British newspapers didn’t regard the
event as a ‘clear the front page’ story: they felt that, even in a war,
readers would still want a range of softer items, in the case of the
Guardian, newspaper of the year, items on fertility treatment and
romantic intrigue.
52

The Bin Laden tapes
The war in Afghanistan in 2001/2 raised different issues, involving
a self-styled ‘war against terrorism’. Faced with this threat, the
British and American governments made explicit demands on their
news media not to broadcast videotaped messages from the
presumed terrorist leader. In their coverage of the ‘war against
terror’, news organizations vied with each other not only to be ﬁrst
with the news, but to declare their patriotism. Reporters wore
patriotic badges in their lapels and NBC News’s corporate symbol of
the peacock acquired a stars and stripes embellishment. With the
New York Times devoting space for many weeks to an acclaimed
series of stories about the victims of Ground Zero, some wondered
aloud whether it was possible for even this illustrious newspaper to
maintain a detached and critical eye on the course of American
foreign policy. There is no doubt that American journalism has
The ﬁrst casualty

9. After the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in
September 2001, the Al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden supplied
videotaped messages via the Arabic television station Al Jazeera. The
British and American governments put pressure on broadcasters not to
broadcast the tapes, but most did so.
53

Journalism

grown progressively more parochial. In the last thirty years, the
average soundbite on American television news has decreased from
42 seconds to 8 seconds and the proportion of time devoted to
international news by US television networks has fallen from 45 to
13 per cent. American newspapers are not much better, having cut
the proportion of their editorial space devoted to foreign news from
around 20 per cent to 2 per cent in the last two decades. Chris
Cramer, the former BBC journalist who at the time of 11 September
was president of CNN International Networks, tried explaining
what was going on to readers of Le Monde. ‘In America, the
competition for viewers has done little to enlighten the audience
about the outside world, with most of CNN’s competitors focussing
on US news only: local crime and baseball scores, today’s weather
forecast, this week’s lottery winners and the latest fad of so-called
reality television.’

The rise of Al Jazeera
A signiﬁcant outcome of the ‘war on terror’ was the emergence
into public prominence of a number of Arabic language television
services, of which the most striking was Al Jazeera. Established in
the mid-1990s as an Arabic-language television service by the
BBC, but eventually ditched when the BBC’s Saudi partner pulled
out, Al Jazeera is ﬁnanced by the emir of Qatar from a base in
Doha and is believed to be the most watched television channel
among 300 million Arabs living in twenty-two countries around
the world. Al Jazeera, and its direct rivals, present a rare
challenge to the more or less complete global domination of
English-language television news services, run by the likes of
CNN, the BBC, Sky, and CNBC. It has, according to Nadim
Shehadi of the Centre for Lebanese Studies in Oxford, also ‘had
an impact on the whole of the media in the region. The others are
forced to catch up and compete – even the printed media. There’s a
lot more freedom now, because there’s no point in controlling
information if you know that people are going to ﬁnd out from
somewhere else.’
54

Lord Hutton concludes
It is impossible to conclude a discussion of war reporting without
mentioning the events which, in 2003/2004, convulsed British
politics and the BBC, ending with the resignation of the two most
senior ﬁgures at the corporation, the Director General Greg Dyke
and the Chairman Gavyn Davies.
In truth, the affair was only co-incidentally about the Iraq War,
turning as it did upon a BBC radio report accusing the Prime
Minister’s ofﬁce of deliberately ‘sexing up’ a dossier of evidence
used to justify British participation in the American led invasion.
The true context for the story was the decades-old running battle
between the BBC’s view of its own editorial independence and the
frustration of successive Governments at hostile reporting.
In this case, the drama reached bursting point when the apparent
55

The ﬁrst casualty

By 2002, Al Jazeera had a staff of 350 journalists, including ﬁfty
foreign correspondents in thirty-one countries, serving an
estimated audience of 35 million. Its executives insist that it has
imbibed its values of impartial reporting from the BBC, though its
practice of describing Palestinian suicide bombers as ‘martyrs’
appears to many non-Arab observers to be an example of the
violation of those standards. It was no surprise when the US
Congress dug deep to fund a pro-American rival to Al Jazeera,
Al Hurra, which has not been a popular success. More signiﬁcant
was the launch in 2003 of Al-Arabiya, part of a proﬁtable group
of Arab entertainment channels, based in Dubai and, crucially,
supported by the conservative Saudis. ‘Al Jazeera changed the
way Arabs watch TV as much as the September 11 attacks
changed Americans,’ say the authors of a book on the news service.
The Economist agrees: ‘satellite television has created a sense of
belonging to, and participation in, a kind of virtual Arab metropolis.
It has begun to make real a dream that 50 years of politicians’
speeches and gestures have failed to achieve: Arab unity.’

10a.
56

10b. When terrorists crashed heavily laden aircraft into the
World Trade Center towers in New York on September 11 2001,
headline-writers around the world quickly converged on a theme:
War on America.
57

Journalism

source of the BBC story, a Ministry of Defence ofﬁcial, slit his wrists
on a country walk, so precipitating a full scale judicial inquiry into
the offending news item. The presiding ofﬁcer at the inquiry, Lord
Hutton, concluded that the report had been mistaken on a number
of points and severely criticized the BBC for the way it responded to
the Government’s complaints. Although some newspapers
dismissed the Hutton report as a ‘whitewash’ and public opinion
quickly moved behind the BBC, following the resignations, there is
no doubt that the report and its subsequent investigation involved a
series of errors.
The Hutton report, in truth, stands as no more than a footnote in
the history of war reporting. Its place belongs more to the argument
between journalists and politicians about the breakdown in trust
between themselves and the public – a ‘three-way’ breakdown, as it
has been called. These themes of political communication, ‘spindoctoring’ and the journalistic response are discussed further in the
chapters which follow. Lord Hutton’s biggest contribution to the
debate on these matters was his forensic description of the way the
BBC and government communications work: a rare glimpse of
the machine of journalism with its back off.

58

Chapter 4
Star-struck: journalism as
entertainment

Journalism has always entertained as well as informed. Had it not
done so, it would not have reached a mass audience. But today, say
journalism’s critics, the instinct to amuse is driving out the will, and
depleting the resource, for serious reporting and analysis. Obsessed
with a world of celebrity and trivia, the news media are rotting our
brains and undermining our civic life.
There is no shortage of evidence. For Earth Day 2000, ABC News
invited the dashing young actor and environmental campaigner,
Leonardo DiCaprio, to conduct an interview with President Clinton
for a prime-time network news show: a violation of journalistic
values both on the grounds of DiCaprio’s unfamiliarity with the art
of rigorous interviewing and his partisanship on the subject, but
justiﬁed by the network on the grounds of engaging a younger
audience. A related technique was used during the 1997 British
general election when leading politicians, including the future
Prime Minister Tony Blair, were interviewed for BBC television by
stand-up comedians and other entertainers. Gordon Brown,
Britain’s stern Chancellor of the Exchequer, was subsequently
interviewed about British membership of the euro by a game-show
hostess. Meanwhile, across the world, newspapers have piled into
the infotainment mêlée, competing to secure columns written in the
name of the latest TV celebrity chef, gardener, or interior decorator.
It is said that the highest paid writer in British newspapers is not a
59

Journalism

journalist at all, but the astrologist Jonathan Cainer, whose popular
predictions have been placed at the service of circulation drives by a
succession of titles in recent years. Celebrities, quite simply, attract
audiences.
At its most successful, the celebrity system is even capable of
inventing its own stars through specially concocted media events.
‘Reality television’ shows, like Survivor, Big Brother, and Pop
Idol, generate stars, who can be interviewed on breakfast news
shows and featured, day after day, via magazines, newspapers,
mobile phone systems and websites. Often this alternative ‘reality’
appears to outpunch reality itself in today’s mass media,
sometimes comfortingly so. As the American satirical magazine
and website, The Onion, put it in a headline just a month after
the 11 September attacks on Manhattan and Washington:
‘Shattered Nation Longs to Care About Stupid Bullshit
Again.’
To critics like Neil Postman, this is a prophecy triumphantly
vindicated. Postman’s 1985 book Amusing Ourselves to Death made
the case that television is, by its nature, a medium of entertainment,
and that as it displaces print as the primary medium of news, it is
bound to result in a less-informed and less alert public. ‘Dumbing
down’ is the phrase frequently used to label this phenomenon.
Television news, Postman says, with its music, drama, and
glamorous personalities, ‘is a format for entertainment, not for
education, reﬂection or catharsis’.
Yet this is no open-and-shut case. Television news is, especially in
countries where it has been protected by strong regulation and
beneﬁted from massive public investment, regarded by most people
not only as their main source of news but also their most trusted
source. Those who watch, say, BBC television news get coverage of
international events which far surpasses anything available in a
mass-selling newspaper. Might it be that today’s proponents of
‘tabloid tv’ are merely following the path their tabloid newspaper
60

forebears did in the middle of the last century: namely widening
access to news and topical debate?

The tabloid instinct
The tension between the serious news instinct and the
entertainment instinct certainly isn’t new to journalism. When
William Randolph Hearst launched his New York Mirror in 1924 to
take on America’s ﬁrst successful daily tabloid, the New York Daily
News, he declared that the Mirror would provide ‘90 per cent
entertainment, 10 per cent information – and the information
without boring you’. If we are to understand so-called ‘tabloid
television’, we need to consider the history of tabloid newspapers,
which emerged to meet the demand of the literate urban working
class in the late nineteenth century and which have constantly
challenged our deﬁnition of journalism and its standards.

Modern tabloid journalism, although it has spread across Europe in
titles like Germany’s Bild-Zeitung, is largely a product of
transatlantic cross-pollination between Britain and the United
States. It is worth sketching this history because it reveals the extent
61

Star-struck

Strictly speaking, a tabloid is a newspaper page exactly half the size
of a broadsheet page: a mathematical relationship which stems
from the fact that publishers need to be able to print tabloid and
broadsheet newspapers on the same printing presses. It is, in all
sorts of ways, a misleading handle since the British tabloids which
have given the term its contemporary meaning, the Sun, the Daily
Mail, the Daily Express, and the News of the World, all began life
as broadsheets and turned tabloid, respectively, in 1969, 1971, 1977,
and 1984. The situation was complicated in 2003, when the upmarket Independent and Times also went tabloid, even though
they demurely preferred to use the word ‘compact.’ It is also
important to note that in many countries, the most respectable
newspapers have long been tabloids, Le Monde and El Pais among
them.

Journalism

to which this tradition in newspapers has always blurred the line
between fact and ﬁction, information and entertainment.
One of the earliest tabloid manifestos, written by T. P. O’Connor for
the launch of an evening paper, The Star, proclaimed a journalism
‘sometimes humorous, sometimes pathetic; anecdotal, statistical,
the craze for fashions and the arts of housekeeping and, now and
then, a short, dramatic and picturesque tale’. But mass-selling
journalism could also be political, as Northcliffe’s Daily Mail
demonstrated in its attacks on the British commander-in-chief Lord
Kitchener during World War One or in Beaverbrook’s maverick
politicking through the Daily Express, which earned a famous
rebuke from Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin that newspaper
publishers possess ‘power without responsibility – the prerogative
of the harlot throughout the ages’. Beaverbrook’s erratic political
judgement was illustrated when on 1 October 1938, the Express’s
front page declared: you may sleep quietly – it is peace for our
time. Two days later, Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia.
Silvester Bolam, the Mirror’s editor from 1948 to 1953, felt no need
to apologize for a louder, brasher style of journalism, announcing on
his ﬁrst front page: ‘The Mirror is a sensational newspaper. We
make no apology for that. We believe in the sensational
presentation of news and views . . . as a necessary and valuable
service in these days of mass readership and democratic
responsibility.’ Sensationalism, Bolam said on a later occasion,
‘means the vivid and dramatic presentation of events so as to give
them a forceful impact on the mind of the reader. It means big
headlines, vigorous writing, simpliﬁcation into familiar, everyday
language, and wide use of illustration by cartoons and photographs.’
By 1967, under the leadership of Hugh Cudlipp, the Mirror was
selling 5.3 million copies a day, in a country with a population of 50
million.

62

Murdoch goes further

By the time of Margaret Thatcher’s war against Argentina in
1982, Murdoch and Mackenzie were well into their stride. The
Sun’s famous headline gotcha over the story of an Argentinian
warship torpedoed by a British submarine resonated, even though
it was never entirely clear whether Thatcherism had got
Murdochism, or vice-versa. Mackenzie’s Sun was often brilliant and
equally often boorish. During the Falklands War, the Sun published
an ‘interview’ with the widow of a dead serviceman with whom the
paper had never spoken. Seven years later, the paper apologized for
a front-page story headlined the truth, which accused Liverpool
football fans of urinating on rescue workers as they tried to save
people in a stadium disaster in which ninety-six fans were crushed
to death.
Sometimes, Mackenzie’s front pages arose from a world of pure
make-believe. There is no other explanation for headlines like the
63

Star-struck

But by the late 1960s, the Mirror had a competitor snapping at its
heels. The Sun ﬁrst appeared in 1964, as a re-branded version of the
trade unions’ Daily Herald, but it was in deep trouble by 1969 when
it was bought by Rupert Murdoch, the young Australian newspaper
owner who had already purchased the News of the World, the
naughtiest and best-selling of Britain’s Sunday newspapers.
Murdoch told staff that he wanted the Sun to focus upon ‘sex, sport
and contests.’ One of its trade marks would be the ‘page three
girl’ – a daily photograph of a naked woman. By the time the Sun
soared past the Mirror in 1977, Murdoch was buying newspapers in
the United States, ﬁrst in Texas, then, in 1976, the New York Post. In
Britain, faced with a challenge from the Daily Star, Murdoch
brought in a new editor, Kelvin Mackenzie, who combined an
ability to stretch the limits of taste and journalistic ethics with a
passionate advocacy for the newly elected Margaret Thatcher,
whose backing Murdoch would need as he developed his television
ambitions in the UK.

Journalism

11. Freddie Starr ate my Hamster. Oh no he didn’t. Tabloid newspapers
frequently invent stories for the entertainment of their readers, or run
with what might charitably be described as fanciful headlines. This
classic in the Sun related vaguely to a stunt two years previously in
which Starr, a comedian, pretended to eat a hamster.

famous freddie starr ate my hamster, in March 1986, referring
to an obscure incident two years earlier, when a comedian
pretended to eat a hamster in a sandwich as a joke. On many days, it
was impossible to tell the difference between the Sun’s reports of
death or adultery in a popular television soap opera and similar
dramas in real life. In the 1990s, the Sun’s star columnist, Richard
Littlejohn, habitually concluded his ranting columns with the
64

exasperated catchphrase: ‘you couldn’t make it up.’ But at the Sun
you could and they did.
Mackenzie’s Sun, however, did not invent tabloid make-believe. The
standard bearer in that regard was the New York Enquirer, which
changed the course of tabloid history when it was bought in 1952
with a circulation of 17,000, by Generoso Pope Jr.

The tabloid Pope

Like all good tabloids, Pope’s journalism had moments of high
political impact. It was the Enquirer’s photograph in 1988 of
presidential candidate Gary Hart on board a yacht called Monkey
Business, with a young woman called Donna Rice, that ended
Hart’s political career. But countless other stories were simply
made up. The culture of the most extreme tabloid ‘newspapers’,
such as News Extra and Midnight, was closer to satirical comics
like National Lampoon or The Onion, which are manifest selfparodies of journalism, than to mainstream newspapers. How
many of the Enquirer’s readers actually believed a headline like
hitler seen alive in us or jfk alive on skorpios (complete
with picture) is a matter of conjecture. But no doubt the odd
reader was taken in for a moment by one or other of the following
freak-show offerings: seven-hour enema turns black girl
white!, or mom cleans kids by putting them in clothes
washer? Or, girl, 16, becomes a grandmother? The closer
65

Star-struck

Pope, who knew and admired the News of the World, renamed the
paper the National Enquirer, turned it tabloid and told his small
team of journalists to concentrate upon lurid crime stories. Fifteen
years later, having acquired a slew of competitors, the Enquirer was
selling a million copies a week. By 1975, pioneering the technique of
selling at supermarket check-outs, circulation hit ﬁve million. In
1978, an edition of the Enquirer featuring a photograph of the
corpse of Elvis Presley sold seven million copies, a peak not since
exceeded.

Journalism

tabloid invention interplays with news of the real world, the
greater its frisson.
Bill Sloan, who worked on the National Enquirer and other
tabloids, has explained how experienced writers and editors like
himself ‘were routinely able to shift gears between out-and-out
trash and serious reportage. One day they were inventing bogus
stories for News Extra or even grinding out soft-core porn for the
National Bulletin. . . . The next day, they were interviewing real
people, writing legitimate articles, and striving mightily for
documentation and credibility.’ Sloan’s justiﬁcation for this, apart
from the excellent salaries which attracted journalists to ‘Tabloid
Valley’ in Florida, was that they ‘had rediscovered a basic truth
about their profession. They recognized early on what William
Randolph Hearst had ﬁgured out eighty years earlier and what
practically every TV news executive and major-daily editor realizes
today – what qualiﬁes as hot news has only the sketchiest
relationship to pure information. For all their lofty pretences,
today’s mainstream media are essentially just another branch of
show biz.’

Faking it
Sloan’s explanation, logical enough, for the decline of tabloid
circulations in the 1980s and 1990s is that all newspapers,
along with most television, had by then muscled into the
tabloid game. One illustration of this trend has seen British
broadsheet newspapers publishing ﬁctional columns,
mostly with comic or satirical purpose, but occasionally
misjudging the ability of their readers to get the joke. In one
column, the writer, a well-known television satirist, pledged
to commit suicide. The same writer, Chris Morris, used his
television show to lure celebrities into invented schemes and
situations designed to inﬂict public embarrassment on them.
Apologists for this genre of television sometimes call it ‘investigative
comedy’.
66

12. Broadsheet journalists like to think that they
operate to higher standards than their ‘tabloid’ rivals.
But in recent years, a number of fakers have been
exposed on the most highly reputed newspapers. One
such scandal, in 2003, cost two senior editors on the
New York Times their jobs.

Journalism

Things do not look so funny, however, when high-proﬁle
conventional journalism also turns out to be infected with this easygoing relationship with facts. In 1996, a British documentary team
working for Carlton Television faked sequences in a story about
drug-running in South America, for which the company was ﬁned
£2m by the television industry regulator. Shortly afterwards, it
emerged that the BBC was using actors to pose as people with
problems on a daily talk show hosted by Vanessa Feltz. For
journalists, producers and viewers, a world in which television
documentaries move between conventional reportage,
‘reconstructions’ using actors, and ‘docusoap’ inevitably cause
confusion, not least because television and ﬁlm both have long
traditions of drama ‘based upon true life’.
In these ways, tabloid newspapers and television have played a
big part in undermining trust between journalism and its
audience. And the ethical rot involved has spread to the most
high-minded newspapers in the world. In 1981, a young
Washington Post reporter Janet Cooke was stripped of her
Pulitzer Prize when it turned out that her award-winning story of
child drug addiction was a work of imagination. Another
newspaper columnist pretended to be suffering from cancer in
order to make her column more engaging. More recently, Jayson
Blair, a young black reporter on the New York Times, was exposed
in 2003 as a serial faker of news stories, leading to his own
resignation and that of two of the paper’s most senior editors.
Blair’s later account of the scandal was tellingly entitled:
‘Burning down my master’s house’.

Celebrities squared
In the same period that journalism has learnt to make light of the
boundary between fact and ﬁction, it has also become increasingly
absorbed by the entertainment and sales potential of celebrity,
with signiﬁcant consequences for the way that journalism is
practised.
68

One especially damaging consequence is that, in order to get
pictures and stories about celebrities, journalists have to deal with
an industry of agents and publicists surrounding them, who make
their own living from promoting the celebrity’s brand values
through obtaining the ‘right’ media coverage. This is a strictly
two-way commercial play, because the news media know that the
right celebrity on a magazine cover, or star interview on a talk show,
can boost audiences and draw in advertisers. Celebrity is big money
for everyone involved. It is inevitable that, in these circumstances,
stories and pictures will be obtained not, chieﬂy, by the enterprise of
reporters, but by those willing to pay the largest fees and guarantee
the most favourable treatment for the star in question.

Much the same phenomenon attended the tragic ﬁgure of Diana,
Princess of Wales, who entered global media consciousness in
September 1980 when she was identiﬁed as the likely bride of
Prince Charles, heir to the British throne. During the fairy-tale
phase of the royal romance, the princess appeared on page one of
the Sun sixteen times in a single month. When she chose to go on
the BBC Television current affairs programme Panorama, in 1995,
to discuss the breakdown of her marriage, the programme had the
biggest audience in its history. No wonder the press was willing to
pay huge sums for any snatched or even doctored picture of Diana,
and that so many were on her tail as she sped into a Parisian
underpass in August 1997.
69

Star-struck

Generoso Pope discovered the power of celebrity when, in 1969, the
National Enquirer published a family photograph of the late
President Kennedy, surrounded by a story headlined: jackie
blasted by nurse who brought up jfk’s children. Sales of the
Enquirer increased by almost a third, prompting Pope to dispatch
the following instruction to his staff: ‘I want her on the cover at least
every couple of weeks.’ This they did, often embellishing pictures
with stories of the purest ﬁction, claiming Mrs Onassis had changed
religion, allowed her children to grow marijuana at home, and
turned her second husband’s hair white.

13. After her marriage to the Prince of Wales, heir to the British
throne, Princess Diana quickly became one of the few celebrity faces
guaranteed to push up newspaper and magazine circulations in markets
all around the world. When she died in a Parisian road tunnel, pursued
by press photographers, in August 1997, tabloid newspapers came
under attack. At her funeral, the Princess’s brother accused publishers
of having ‘blood on their hands’.
70

At her funeral, the princess’s brother famously accused the press of
having his sister’s ‘blood on their hands’, whilst on the other side of
the Atlantic, the National Enquirer was pulping its latest edition
headlined: di goes sex mad: ‘i can’t get enough!’ Disgusted by
press behaviour towards the princess, other celebrities, including
Madonna, George Clooney, Elizabeth Taylor, Tom Cruise, and
Sylvester Stallone, called for stronger counter-attacks in the courts
on the tabloids. But the trouble with the Diana affair, like so many
other celebrity outrages, was that it was an act of collaboration with
the enemy. In the late 1980s the Sunday Times was accused of
printing lies about the troubled Charles and Diana relationship,
based upon its expensive purchase of serialization rights to a book
by Andrew Morton. It later turned out that Diana herself was
Morton’s primary source.

Journalists as celebs
It is not surprising that some journalists who mix frequently with
celebrities become pampered and wealthy celebrities themselves.
Barbara Walters of ABC became the ﬁrst million dollar news
71

Star-struck

For the individual journalist, the celebrity boom raises another
difﬁculty, in that celebrities, like any other individual in heavy
demand, tend to be able to dictate the terms on which they do
business. The result is that, when journalists are granted interviews
with celebrities, they frequently agree to notify questions in advance
and even to submit their copy for vetting prior to publication.
Interviewees can also demand inclusion of references to
commercial sponsors. This is a situation which makes the
manipulations of the Westminster political lobby or the White
House press corps look positively low-key. As Caroline Monnot of
Le Monde protested during the French presidential election
campaign in 2002, even the ultra-left candidate of Lutte Ouvrière
was seen ‘borrowing the tactics from movie stars’ agents.
Accreditations have to be applied for, there are waiting lists and you
only get three timed questions with the star.’

Journalism

presenter in the mid-1970s. Since then, the salaries of news
presenters have multiplied tenfold and, like sports stars, actors and
models, some appear to be heavily concerned with maximizing the
value of their brand, whether on the lecture circuit, opening
supermarkets, hosting executive conferences, or even associating
themselves with product sponsorship. News executives defend
these arrangements by saying that the public is attracted by
celebrity: this is what it takes to get people to pay attention to news.
There is truth in this argument, but it is also true that the rise
of celebrity journalism has been accompanied by sharp cuts in
other, more expensive activities, such as newsgathering, especially
overseas. Why would an American TV news service keep a
well-informed but unglamorous foreign reporter in London, New
York, Rome, or Tokyo if, when there’s a big story, the audience
‘wants to see’ the star anchor live from the news scene? But anyone
who knows anything about journalism will tell you that ﬂy-in,
ﬂy-away stars are no substitute for reporters who know the terrain
and who can make judgements based upon extensive off-air
inquiry. In these days of instant TV news, it is not unusual for an
on-the-spot reporter to be given the latest news he is supposed to be
‘reporting’ via email from head ofﬁce, enabling the ‘reporter’ to
stand in front of the camera and pretend that he or she has just
discovered this information on the spot. Another, inevitable vice
of celebrity television journalism is that it favours looks rather
than journalistic acumen. Set this alongside the Washington Post’s
desk-book or guidelines on ‘the reporter’s role,’ which reads
plaintively: ‘Although it has become increasingly difﬁcult for this
newspaper and for the press generally to do so since Watergate,
reporters should make every effort to remain in the audience, to be
the stagehand rather than the star, to report the news, not to make
the news.’ Or note these comments by Richard Sambrook, a former
Director of BBC News: ‘On-screen talent, not content, is becoming
the basis of difference between rival American news broadcasters
and we are starting to see those same pressures in Britain.’ Or, as
Don Hewitt, creator of the CBS current affairs show 60 Minutes,
72

has remarked: ‘We want the companies we work for to put back the
wall the pioneers erected to separate news from entertainment, but
we are not above climbing over the rubble each week to take an
entertainment-size pay cheque for broadcasting news.’

The tabloid decade

Catharine Lumby, an Australian journalist and academic, has gone
further, arguing that talk shows like Winfrey’s ‘exemplify a new
form of public speech, one which privileges experience over
knowledge, emotion over reason, and popular opinion over expert
advice.’ She could have added that among the consequences of
73

Star-struck

The case for tabloid journalism is that it can widen access to politics
and other serious subjects. In the words of the young Rupert
Murdoch: ‘The Sun stands for opportunities for working people and
for change in this society. It’s a real catalyst for change, it’s a very
radical paper.’ The same point can be made with respect to a famous
incident in the history of ‘tabloid television’, the coverage in the
mid-1990s of the trial of O. J. Simpson, the black footballer accused
of murdering his wife and a male friend. After the Simpson trial,
Dan Lungren, California’s attorney general, complained about the
‘oprahization’ of American juries – a reference to the heated debates
and instant verdicts of shows like the one hosted by Oprah Winfrey.
‘Talk show watchers are widely considered by prosecutors and
professional jury consultants to be more likely than others to
distrust ofﬁcial accounts of ‘‘the truth’’,’ Lungren said. Regrettable
though this tendency, if true, may be from the point of view of an
attorney general, it must be balanced against the possibility that
trustworthiness of ‘ofﬁcial accounts of truth’ might indeed be
legitimately doubted by black people. In the words of Kevin Glynn,
an academic commentator, tabloid media ‘multiplies and ampliﬁes
the heterogenous voices and viewpoints in circulation in
contemporary culture, giving rein to many that are typically
excluded from the dominant regime of truth through the dynamics
of race, class, gender, age and sexuality.’

Journalism

14. Oprah Winfrey, the American talk-show host, has become a
legendary ﬁgure in what some people call ‘tabloid television’, typically
broadcast in the daytime and featuring live, studio based discussions
with strong audience participation. According to critics, the ‘oprahization’ of American culture has involved diminished respect for
authority, obsession with personal dramas, and ‘dumped down’
television. Oprah’s supporters say she has been a key ﬁgure in
democratizing American public life, giving a voice to people usually
ignored by the media.

Winfrey’s style, and her celebrity, was the development of the most
successful book club in American literary history, as the television
star in the late 1990s became the key driver of the country’s bestseller lists. There are many instances of media celebrity being
placed at the service of good causes, from the campaign against
poverty in Africa led by rock stars Bob Geldof and Bono to the
campaign for more nutritious school dinners promoted by the
celebrity television chef Jamie Oliver in the run-up to the 2005 UK
general election. David Kamp suggested in an article in Vanity
Fair that ‘the tabloidiﬁcation of American life – of the news, of the
74

culture, yea, of human behaviour – is such a sweeping phenomenon
that it can’t be dismissed as merely a jokey footnote to the history of
the 1990s. Rather, it’s the very hallmark of our times; if the decade
must have a name . . . it might as well be the Tabloid Decade.’

Tabloids and ambient news
Conducting focus groups with a very wide range of people in 2002,
for a research project aimed at understanding the way people get
news and how well they are served by it, I was struck again and
again by the genuine hunger of people to understand issues, like the
risks of certain vaccination programmes for their children, or the
real patterns of crime in their neighbourhood. They are frustrated
that no one is providing reliable information, in a way that is truly
accessible.

The real challenge raised by tabloid journalism is the extent to
which it can widen people’s genuine sense of engagement with
75

Star-struck

These same people say that of all news media, they trust television
as their main source. But this raises two difﬁculties. The ﬁrst is that
because television (and radio) news is free at the point of
consumption and, essentially, ambient, younger people especially
tend to believe that they will ‘pick up’ on anything important that is
going on without needing to set out to ﬁnd it, or to extend their
circuits of information. They say that news is something which you
follow when you are already aware something interesting is going
on; a rational enough response in an era of ambient news, but one
which risks narrowing information and news horizons. The second
problem is that very little television news is truly local, which means
that people feel decreasingly conﬁdent in their knowledge about
what is going on in their own neighbourhoods. For many people in
Britain today it is easier to ﬁnd out what is going on in the Indian
subcontinent or in American baseball than on the next street. The
history of the internet, to date, suggests that this situation is being
reinforced rather than reversed.

Journalism

the different worlds which affect their lives. The best tabloid
journalism, which cuts through information clutter and speaks in
plain language with strong emotional appeal, is likely to go on being
highly valued in the more complex media environment into which
we are moving.

76

Chapter 5
Up to a point, Lord Copper’s:
who owns journalists

Journalists are free-spirited individuals; mavericks not easily bound
by corporate rule and regulation or, in certain situations, even by
the law of the land. Yet almost all modern journalism takes place
within a corporate setting, which limits and inﬂuences what
journalists do. True, the internet, with its list-publishing,
pod-casting, and web-log technology (‘blogging’) has again made it
possible for journalists who lack access to a mainstream media
outlet to publish their own work, but most journalists work for an
organization or, if they are freelance, for a number of them. That is
what A. J. Liebling had in mind when he remarked that freedom of
the press exists only for those who happen to own one and that, in
turn, is why the internet has been referred to as ‘Liebling’s revenge’.
What effect do shifting forms of ownership and institutional setting
have upon journalism?
It is important to clear up one misunderstanding. These days, in
spite of the mythology, our news media are for the most part not run
by press barons. The cigar-chomping tyrant who barks out orders
for editorial lines, in between ﬂogging ads and plotting the demise
of some nearby president or prime minister, is largely a creature of
the past, based on foundations built among the small printing shops
77

of the pre-industrial era, when publishers literally wrote, printed,
distributed, and sold advertisements for their newspapers. In the
twenty-ﬁrst century, we are shocked to see an anachronistic ﬁgure
like the Canadian Lord Conrad Black, until recently owner of the
Daily Telegraph and the Jerusalem Post, writing articles in his own
titles. When, in the late 1980s, the doomed and dishonest press
tycoon Robert Maxwell used the Daily Mirror to glorify himself on
its front page, it was simply considered crass.

Journalism

Corporate man cometh
So, if today’s typical news media boss is not a Maxwell, Black, or
even a Murdoch, what is he? He is most likely a professional
manager, working in a corporate setting, and increasingly that
corporate setting will entail involvement in a wide range of media,
from the internet to movies, and be spread across many parts of the
world. AOL–Time Warner is among the largest and most
conspicuous of these multimedia beasts, being a fusion of the old
Time Inc, Warner Brothers’ ﬁlm and music interests, and America
Online, a pioneer of the commercial internet. AOL–Time Warner
also owns several other large businesses, including Britain’s IPC
magazine group and CNN, the global television news service. In the
same period that this empire was being assembled, Walt Disney
snapped up ABC and Viacom bought CBS.
The desire for large companies to focus upon ‘converged’ media
assets, however, will no doubt also turn out to be ephemeral. Only a
couple of decades ago an entirely opposing fashion held sway. Then,
diverse industrial conglomerates thought it was a good idea to own
a few media assets, because the stock market admired diverse asset
bases. This was the era which made NBC part of General Electric
and CBS a sister company of Westinghouse. At that time Pearson,
one of Britain’s few players on the global media stage, combined
interests ranging from investment banking, crockery and theme
parks to the Financial Times, Penguin Books, and Australia’s
Grundy Television, producer of the soap opera Neighbours.
78

In global media terms, American companies are dominant simply
because their domestic market is so much larger than any other
and their language so widely spoken. They occupy roughly thirty
slots in the list of the world’s ﬁfty largest media companies. The big
non-American players include Germany’s Bertelsmann, France’s
Vivendi, and Japan’s Sony.

When press barons ruled the earth

In Britain, a wholly ﬁctional ﬁgure captures the spirit of the press
baron. Evelyn Waugh’s comic masterpiece Scoop (1937) gave us
Lord Copper, whose erratic judgement was surpassed only by the
stridency with which it was delivered. Lord Copper’s craven
79

Up to a point

But the myth of the hiring, ﬁring, government-toppling press baron
remains part of journalism’s cultural heritage and it still informs
the way journalists see themselves as buccaneering and hard
driving heroes with dirty faces. No journalist working for a faceless
global multinational company can fail to carry in his or her memory
bank stories like the one immortalized in the semi-ﬁctional persona
of Citizen Kane, based on the life of William Randolph Hearst. In
1898, Hearst did more than anyone else to precipitate war between
Spain and the United States. When the US battleship Maine sank in
Havana Harbour, Hearst’s papers falsely accused Spain of blowing
it up and before the ﬁghting began, dispatched an artist to illustrate
reporters’ dispatches. The illustrator, bored at the absence of death
and destruction, cabled Hearst: ‘Everything is quiet. There is no
trouble here. There will be no war. I wish to return.’ To which,
Hearst’s biographers record, the publisher replied: ‘Please remain.
You furnish pictures and I’ll furnish war.’ According to Hearst’s son,
this legendary reply was in fact never uttered – it is no doubt ﬁtting
that the most famous exchange in the history of newspapers was
probably a ﬁction. That it is so well remembered owes everything to
Citizen Kane where, his words sharpened by a Hollywood script
writer, the boss declares: ‘You provide the prose poems and I’ll
provide the war!’

15. William
Randolph Hearst
was the ultimate
press baron, mixing
politics, celebrity
high life, and
newspapering in a
potent blend. Orson
Welles based his
ﬁlm Citizen Kane on
Hearst’s life, but
there is doubt about
whether Hearst ever
sent the famous
message to one of
his illustrators,
telling him to stay in
Cuba to cover a war
that Hearst said he
would ensure took
place.

80

underlings, trying like all good journalists to stay just on the right
side of the truth, developed a standard reply to his peremptory
formulations which echoes through newsrooms to this day: ‘Up to a
point, Lord Copper.’

But gradually, the corporate types have overhauled the tycoons.
Today, even the American supermarket tabloids, once the personal
instrument of owner-publishers like Generoso Pope, are mostly
small units in larger publishing groups, enjoying advantages of
scale in back-ofﬁce functions; cross-selling between different
advertising markets and wielding greater weight in negotiations
for publishing rights to celebrity content and sports rights.
It is a matter of heated debate which of these models best serves
journalism. In the heyday of press barons, journalists had a great
deal to say about their bosses’ excesses, prejudices, vanity, and
occasional brutality. Today, many journalists are critical of the
power wielded by a Silvio Berlusconi or a Rupert Murdoch, who
stand as exceptions to the decline of the media tycoon. Journalists,
81

Up to a point

All industrialized countries had their Lord Coppers. In France, the
textile manufacturer Jean Prouvost built a press empire which
included the daily Le Figaro, Paris-Soir, and two of the twentieth
century’s most successful magazines, Marie-Claire for women and
the illustrated weekly news magazine Paris-Match. In Germany,
Spain, and Italy, matters were complicated by the rise and fall of
fascism. Germany’s biggest media group today, Bertelsmann, has its
roots in religious book publishing, but the country’s dominant
newspaper owner, Axel Springer, ﬁts the Citizen Kane bill, even
though his ﬁrm only began operations in Hamburg in 1946, under
licence from the occupying British forces. Springer launched the
populist Bild-Zeitung in 1952 and by the mid-1960s controlled
40 per cent of the West German press. Like Hearst, Springer is
famed for a single pronouncement – that too much reﬂection is bad
for Germans – and is also immortalized in a work of ﬁction, Heinrich
Böll’s The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum.

however, are not much enamoured of the press barons’ ‘corporate
man’ successors.

Journalism

Proﬁts of doom
The main current complaint is that the shareholder-owned
company is too much focused upon quarter-to-quarter proﬁts
improvement. By incentivizing editors with share options and
setting ambitious proﬁts targets in response to Wall Street pressure,
newspaper companies like Gannett and Knight Ridder are accused
of distracting their editors from journalism’s civic purpose and so
damaging reader loyalty and the longer term health of the business.
‘By the end of the twentieth century, in deed if not in name,
America’s journalistic leaders had been transformed into
businesspeople. And half now report that they spend at least a third
of their time on business matters rather than journalism,’ argue
leading lights in the inﬂuential Committee of Concerned
Journalists.
Leonard Downie and Robert Kaiser, who work for an organization
whose formal statement of mission declares a willingness to
sacriﬁce proﬁt for service to its readers (the Washington Post) have
taken up this theme. Based on interviews with editors, past and
present, across the United States, they accuse media corporations of
demanding from their newsrooms soft features, friendly to local
advertisers, and neglecting hard news. They illustrate the point with
the example of one newspaper which, following its takeover by
Gannett, started charging its readers lineage for obituaries of family
members, rather than seeing these as independently reported news
items. Everywhere, they ﬁnd journalists’ jobs and expenses cut, even
when advertising is strong, and savagely so during revenue
downturns. ‘I’m worried about American journalism,’ says one
editor; ‘as we lose the independents, I wonder who’s going to watch
the government.’ Gannett, they say, regularly moves editors and
publishers around ‘so they are relative strangers in the communities
they serve’. Jay Harris, who resigned as publisher of the San Jose
82

Mercury News, because his owners insisted upon cutting editorial
expenses in order to boost already substantial proﬁts, told fellow
editors at a conference in 2001 that it was ‘like watching a loved one
commit suicide unintentionally’. In spite of all the smart new
marketing techniques, and reader offers, sales of American
newspapers fell throughout the 1990s and by 2000, only 55 per cent
of American adults considered themselves regular newspaper
readers, compared with 81 per cent in 1964.

Murdoch, last of the big beasts

Murdoch, however, appears content to play the bogeyman; perhaps
it is the mischief-making journalist in him. When he arrived in
Britain to take over the News of the World in 1969, he was asked
whether he would interfere in the editorial operation. He hadn’t, he
replied, come from the other side of the world merely to sit back and
watch. Murdoch demonology has him ﬁring editors like a bored
83

Up to a point

How does this picture compare with, say, life on newspapers owned
by one of the last great dynastic news barons? Rupert Murdoch has
certainly invested, sometimes over-ambitiously, in newspapers and
other news media. But he is pictured on the front of the most widely
used media studies textbook in Britain armed with a knife and fork
as he prepares to carve up a vulnerable planet earth. This reﬂects
the widespread view that Murdoch has over-used his political
inﬂuence to support his business goals on three continents, not least
by opposing the growth in inﬂuence of the European Union, an
issue on which his UK newspapers have been single-minded over
the years. Yet, as Colin Seymour-Ure has pointed out, the 35 per
cent share of the UK national newspaper market held by Murdoch’s
News International at the start of the twenty-ﬁrst century was
smaller than the proportion controlled by Lord Harmsworth a
hundred years earlier. And during that same century, the BBC was
constructed from scratch, and built for itself a 40 per cent share of
the UK radio and television market – a level the competition
authorities would never countenance for a private owner.

Journalism

16. Rupert Murdoch, last of the great press barons. In 1993, Murdoch
said the days of the press magnate were gone, replaced by a ‘bevy of
harassed and sometimes confused media executives, trying to guess at
what the public wants’.

youth spitting out watermelon seeds and it is true that he has
removed talented people who stood in his way, including the
respected Harold Evans, who quit the editor’s chair at The Times
live on the Britain’s main evening television news in 1983. But it is
84

not true to say that Murdoch has routinely operated a revolving
door for editors at any of his newspapers. As he explained himself
in an interview in 1999: ‘If an editor is producing a paper you
are basically pleased with and proud of . . . then he is very safe in
his job. If an editor is producing a paper which is clearly failing,
turning the community against it, then you have to make changes.
I’ve been in that position once or twice and been criticised for
being ruthless in changing editors, but the people who’ll be
ruthless are the shareholders, who’ll get rid of me if the papers
go bust.’

‘These people are not journalists’
The truth is that it is difﬁcult to generalize about the ownership
conditions that make a great newspaper possible. Tom Rosenstiel of
the Committee of Concerned Journalists insists that ‘the biggest
change is that most journalism is no longer produced primarily by
companies engaged mostly in journalism.’ An example is Time Inc,
which once garnered all of its revenues from journalism. When
Time Inc merged with Warner Communications, about 50 per cent of
its revenues came from journalism. With the merger between Time
Warner and AOL, journalism accounted for less than ﬁve per cent
of revenues, even though the company still controlled 35 per cent
of all the magazine circulation in the United States. ‘So a major part
of magazine journalism in the US is a tiny part of this giant
conglomerate,’ says Rosenstiel: ‘The values of the people who run
85

Up to a point

No one much believed Murdoch when, in a speech in London in
1993, he announced that the day of the media mogul was done, but
he was, more or less, right. ‘The days when a few newspaper
publishers could sit down and agree to keep an entire nation
ignorant of a major event are long gone,’ he said. ‘Technology is
racing ahead so rapidly, news and entertainment sources are
proliferating at such a rate, that the media mogul has been replaced
by a bevy of harassed and sometimes confused media executives,
trying to guess at what the public wants.’

that company are very different. These are not journalists in the
sense that Henry Luce (Time’s founder) was.’
Yet journalism does not always prosper inside family-owned
companies, which often run out of willpower and capital. And there
are, undeniably, great newspapers owned by public companies,
among them the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times.
Equally, there are world-class papers owned by families or trusts
(the Guardian and the Washington Post), just as there are truly
excellent news organizations, like the BBC, within the public sector,
though it’s also true to say there are also many terrible ones,
including most of the world’s state broadcasters. The simple test of
what type of organization owns a news outlet doesn’t really tell
you much about how its journalism will prosper.

Journalism

Newspapers in trouble
Many of the problems attributed to ‘bad’ owners are probably, in
reality, more due to the fact that newspapers everywhere are
struggling to maintain circulation and share of advertising revenues
against growing electronic competition. Although newspapers will
be with us for a long time to come, television and radio have eaten
away at their display advertising and new electronic media have
dealt two further blows: siphoning off some classiﬁed job, property,
and car advertising and extending the unhelpful practice of making
news free at the point of the consumption, which undermines
newspaper cover prices.
These pressures follow decades when a lot of newspaper
businesses were not at all well run. In Britain’s overcrowded
national newspaper market, chaotic labour relations were a fact
of life for many years and any cash generated during the good
years was squandered in subsequent price wars or uneconomic
addition of new sections. In the regional press, sales of daily
newspapers continued to fall sharply in the 1990s, encouraging
steady consolidation into larger groups. Between 1945 and 1995,
86

the number of morning titles published outside London fell by a
third and the survivors struggled to hold circulation. Just as
American cities became one-newspaper towns, in this period
cities that had enjoyed the services of two evening newspapers
were reduced to a single title, though the total number of
provincial evening newspapers fell only slightly, to sixty-eight.
Weekly local papers have fared better, though they too have been
hurt by the growth in free newspapers. Among the bottom line
effects: fewer editorial resources and declining relative pay for
journalists.

Ownership: myth and reality
Because the mass media are a source of power, their ownership
(whatever form it takes) will always bring temptations to abuse of
inﬂuence. That being so, it is wise to try to ensure that no society
depends too heavily upon a narrow range of owners, which in turn
underlines the need for national and international laws to limit
concentration of media ownership. Today, there is much talk about
the emergence of an unprecedented global oligopoly, operating in
media markets all over the world, and capable of dominating
markets for distribution and content rights.
87

Up to a point

In the world of broadcast journalism, the emergence of the
pan-media conglomerate has also raised concerns that news
organizations once trusted for their impartiality are tainted by their
association with entertainment. So, if an American network
broadcaster uses its news programmes to give uncritical coverage
of, say, its latest movie blockbuster, it damages the trust in its news
operation. Occasionally, these conﬂicts of interests by media owners
have developed into full-blown scandal, as when CBS was shown to
have pulled its punches on a current affairs investigation into
smoking and health, at a time when its owner was negotiating a
takeover deal in the tobacco industry. This blunder eventually got
the full Hollywood treatment in Michael Mann’s 1999 ﬁlm, The
Insider, starring Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.

Journalism

It is not yet clear that this alarm is justiﬁed. The most
comprehensive study of the situation in the United States, for
example, showed that there had been ‘only modest shifts in the
role of major players in the media industry between 1980 and
1998’. This is, in part, because laws which resist media
concentration have caused ﬁrms to dispose of some interests, as
they acquire new ones. That pressure to re-fragment after
consolidation may also partly explain why only a third of the
companies that made the list in 1980 were still players in 1998.
From this, you might conclude that the most salient characteristic
of modern media ownership is not its concentration, but its
instability. The authors of the study referred to conclude that the
US media industry is ‘one of the most competitive major
industries in the US’. They go on to say that ‘in the world of
unlimited virtual bandwidth, the curse of who owns the media
may be in its unwieldy anarchy rather than in the feared
controlled oligopoly’. Even News Corporation’s buying up of local
television stations in the US, a notorious act of media
concentration, enabled Fox to create a fourth television network,
creating greater competition for ABC, CBS, and NBC.
That said, the desire to resist excessive media concentration
remains a lively and proper political concern in most countries, on
the grounds that plurality of ownership is more likely to lead to
diversity of editorial approach.
In practice, methods to resist media concentration take many
different forms. In Scandinavia, governments provide subsidies to
newspapers threatened with closure where the result would be
monopoly publishing. The US Congress, in 1970, passed the
Newspaper Preservation Act, designed to check the economic forces
leading to the closure of second newspapers in American towns and
cities. One of its measures involved allowing rival companies to
share plant and other overheads, so long as they preserved titles
under separate ownership and editorial control. The law’s impact,
however, was less marked than its advocates hoped. By the late
88

1990s, only thirty-four cities had two newspapers, compared with
more than 500 in the 1920s.

Do journalists care who they work for?
It is clear then that there are many good political, economic and
cultural reasons to care about who owns the institutions from which
we get our journalism. But what do the journalists themselves
think? The answer is that they are inclined to grumble a lot,
whoever is boss. This explains why, despite countless attempts,
journalists have not been good at forming powerful professional
associations to regulate their own professional standards or even, in
most countries, at running effective trade unions.
Having worked myself for a British shareholder-owned
company (Pearson); a publicly owned corporation (the BBC); a
89

Up to a point

This rapid consolidation was to some extent counterbalanced by the
very rapid growth in other media, such as magazines. Between 1950
and 1998, the number of magazine titles in the US almost doubled,
from 6,600 to 11,800. Concerns about diminished plurality of
ownership also must be set alongside the growth in electronic
media. In Britain, in the last decade, the number of commercial
radio stations has grown from 50 to 250 and television offers more
than 200 channels, compared with four or ﬁve a decade ago. Most
of these broadcast media offer some sort of news service, with the
result that the total volume of television news on offer to British
viewers in multi-channel homes increased roughly eightfold during
the 1990s. Behind this proliferation of news, however, there are still
signiﬁcant news gaps. British television, for example, has so far
failed to achieve signiﬁcant provision of local news services and
most of the growth in commercial radio has been in music services
whose level of interest in news and political affairs was
demonstrated during the 2001 general election, when only a dozen
stations chose to involve their listeners in a a live phone-in with
Tony Blair, the prime minister, and his rivals for ofﬁce.

Journalism

proprietor-owned magazine (the New Statesman) and a newspaper
owned by a mixture of British, Irish, Italian, and Spanish
shareholders (the Independent), I could not say that one ‘model’ is
preferable to another. Outstanding journalism was done in all these
settings and each had its weaknesses. At the BBC, there was a sense
of a great tradition of public service, and genuine concern at every
level for accuracy and fairness, but there was also hefty bureaucracy
and a culture which militated against risk-taking. You would not
want all your journalism produced by an institution like the BBC: it
would be too cautious. Working for the Financial Times, the
atmosphere was intellectually bracing and wonderfully
international. But it could also be deadeningly narrow. Every year,
we had a competition for the dullest headline on the paper and
there was never a shortage of entries. For some reason, it is a line
about unchanged levels of anchovy catches off the Peruvian coast
which has stuck in my memory. The Financial Times, at its worst, is
capable of reducing a cataclysm on any scale to its effect upon world
stock markets.

The editor’s life
After ﬁfteen years at the FT, I became editor of the Independent
during a period of the purest madness, when the paper was lurching
from widely held ownership towards a more secure resting place in
Tony O’Reilly’s Dublin-based Independent group. By the time I got
to the paper in 1994, Rupert Murdoch had launched a price war
designed to kill us off, at a time when the Independent was managed
by ex-Murdoch executives from the Caligula school of management.
They were themselves constantly plotting against the other
shareholders, but still had the power to order me to cut the editorial
budget by a third, and then, as soon as I had done so, by almost the
same amount again, at which point I declined and was relieved of
my duties. Somehow, in the middle of it all, writers continued to
produce great pieces, to which readers reacted with a readerly blend
of enthusiasm, puzzlement and outrage. In the late afternoon of a
particularly bloody day I shut the door of my ofﬁce, looking west
90

from the Canary Wharf tower, and wrote an editorial parodying a
Shakespeare play. I can’t now remember its subject, or even the
name of the play, but the letter I got from a reader saying that it
was reassuring to know the paper’s sense of humour and style
was in such sound health stands out as a high point in a tough
period.

91

Up to a point

The New Statesman also involved close contact with readers, many
of whom worked in or around Parliament and so within a mile of
the magazine’s ofﬁces. Our entire editorial team at the Statesman
never exceeded eight, which meant the editor had to do a great deal
of coaxing to get good writers to contribute to the magazine at a
fraction of their normal rates of pay. What an editor needs to do
the job well is enough money to hire writers, reporters, editors,
graphic artists, and photographers; freedom to take editorial
decisions and as much managerial stability and support as
possible. The task often seemed to me to be comparable to that
of managing a football club: exciting, turbulent, and hugely
rewarding when things are going your way. If you lose the
support of your boss, be that owner, chief executive, or chairman,
there is no point debating the rights and wrongs. ‘It’s only a
question of when, not if, you get the boot,’ Kelvin Mackenzie,
the former Sun editor, told me in the back of a taxi one day
during my tenure at the Independent. When a strong, inventive
editor happens to coincide with stable ownership and shrewd
business management, great things are possible. But these
conditions can arrive, or not, in any system of ownership. Utopian
forms of worker control do not achieve much if the advertising
department cannot sell space. What readers, viewers, and listeners
need is a diversity of models, along with a diversity of owners.
France’s Le Monde, for example, is one-third owned by its
journalists. Shareholder-owned and proprietor-owned news
media are ﬁne in the mix, so long as they do not drive out all the
alternatives. It does matter who owns journalists, but it is not the
only thing that matters: journalism, if it is any good, is chieﬂy
concerned with the world beyond itself.

Journalism

That does not mean that journalists or their editors should be
unreﬂective about the business settings in which they work. Adam
Michnik, editor-in-chief of Gazeta Wyborcza, refused to accept
share options in what became an increasingly powerful publishing
group in post-cold war Poland on the grounds that, as editor, he felt
he should measure himself not by the growth in shareholder value,
but by the service provided to readers. Agora, the company which
owns the newspaper, also set up a charitable trust to hold 7.5 per
cent of its stock when it was successfully ﬂoated on the stock market
in 1999. ‘This isn’t just a business for us,’ said Wanda Rapaczynski,
chief executive of Agora; ‘part of being a free media, untainted by
political interests, is being willing to play a role in the country’s
democracy. And part of that belief is being committed to broad
ownership of this company and giving back to our country.’ Does
Agora offer a model? Possibly not. But an admirable example?
Certainly.
Editors and their owners do also, sometimes, face intractable
difﬁculties. When, in 1996, I went to edit the New Statesman, it had
just been bought by Geoffrey Robinson, a businessman and Labour
Member of Parliament. Robinson was an ideal owner in that he
invested generously in the business and kept out of editorial
decisions. On one occasion, Clare Short, an outspoken ﬁgure in
Tony Blair’s shadow ministerial team, gave us an interview in which
she attacked her boss’s spin doctors as the ‘people in the dark’. After
going to press, I phoned Robinson to warn him of the row that
would soon engulf the magazine. He was on holiday in Kenya.
Having heard an account of the interview he replied: ‘From where I
am standing, I can see a lioness approaching. It’s really quite
remarkable here.’ It was the end of the conversation. Later, during
his time as Treasury minister, Robinson’s own business affairs were
the subject of ofﬁcial investigation. What should the New Statesman
do? Pile in with its own investigations? Defend him or give him
space to defend himself? I felt we would not be trusted if we took
either course, so we explained to our readers that this was a story we
would leave to others. A previous New Statesman editor was in print
92

with a ﬁerce denunciation of me in the next edition of the
Guardian.
Editors count on their owners at moments of crisis. As editor of the
Independent, I was prosecuted following a decision to publish
leaked material from a court case, which revealed government
duplicity in the overseas sale of armaments. If we lost, the lawyers
said, I could go to jail. In the end, we won the case. Curiously
enough, I never doubted for a moment that the Independent’s
management, with whom I was not on the best of terms, would
stand by me at this difﬁcult moment. That says a great deal about
the bond between journalists and owners when they face the test of
whether they’re prepared to take risks to hold power to account.

Up to a point

93

Chapter 6
Hacks v. ﬂaks: journalism
and public relations

Of the many self-indulging aphorisms beloved of journalists, one
of the most comforting states: ‘News is something somebody
somewhere doesn’t want printed. All the rest is advertising.’
Sometimes attributed to Lord Northcliffe, the British press baron, it
is easy to see why this breezy over-simpliﬁcation exerts such appeal,
portraying the journalist as crusader, single-mindedly engaged in
exposing truth against the odds. The quotation pops up all over the
place: it was even taken as a mission statement by a technology
news website to contrast the value of its own information, paid for
by reader subscription, with news tainted by association with public
relations people, advertisers, or sponsors.
The Northcliffe doctrine raises one of the central issues in
journalism, namely, in whose interests does the journalist work:
for the company or organization which employs him or for a
wider public good? And if journalists in a commercial setting are
primarily working for shareholder proﬁts, or the esteem of their
own organization, can they legitimately draw such a sharp
distinction between the value and plausibility of their own work
and other forms of professional communications, namely the
information put out to the public directly by organizations
through their own channels?
The more that journalism resembles mere entertainment,
94

brokering paid for messages into the public domain, the harder this
question bites and the more difﬁcult it becomes to defend or
advance the privileges democratic societies afford journalists such
as the qualiﬁed right not to reveal sources of information; and the
right, subject to laws of libel and contempt, to free expression. The
Northcliffe doctrine cheerily evades such complexities. According to
it, news cannot come from PR men. It must be hard-won. As the
journalist Claud Cockburn once said: ‘Never believe anything until
it is ofﬁcially denied.’

Mau-mau the ﬂak-catchers

‘This lifer is ready to catch whatever ﬂak you’re sending up. It
doesn’t matter what bureau they put him in. It’s all the same.
Poverty, Japanese imports, valley fever, tomato-crop parity, partial
disability, home loans, second-probate accounting, the Interstate 90
detour change order, lockouts, secondary boycotts, GI alimony, the
Pakistani quota, cinch mites, Tularemic Loa loa, veterans’ dental
beneﬁts, workmen’s compensation, suspended excise rebates –
whatever you’re angry about, it doesn’t matter, he’s there to catch
the ﬂak. He’s a lifer.’

The uncomfortable fact for journalists today, one hundred years
since the birth of the public relations industry, is that there are in
the United States more ﬂak-catchers (or ‘ﬂaks’ as reporters
sometimes call them) than journalists (or hacks, as journalists
sometimes call themselves). And where the US leads in such
matters, others tend to follow. Nor do today’s ﬂak-catchers merely
or mainly block the hacks’ ﬂak: they pre-empt it and get the
95

Hacks v. ﬂaks

Tom Wolfe captured the spirit of the matter in his report of life in
San Francisco’s anti-poverty programme in 1970. Wolfe’s portrait of
the shifty ‘ﬂak-catcher’ portrays the ofﬁcial spokesman with nothing
at his disposal but hollow words, confronted or ‘mau-maued’ by an
angry group demanding to know why their subsidized job scheme is
to be cut back. Wolfe writes:

Journalism

journalists, wherever they can, to see matters their way. The fear
among journalists is that they no longer have the resources to
counter the increasingly sophisticated munitions of their traditional
enemy. Journalism, they fear, is being hung out to dry by the
not-so-hidden persuaders.
It is true that public relations people, especially those working in
the upper reaches of ﬁnancial, corporate, and government public
relations, are better paid than all but a handful of very senior or
celebrity journalists; they also frequently have access to better
technology and support systems. Some would say, but this is more
controversial, that they are also better disciplined, more
professional, and more skilful, and that this is the main reason
journalism is in danger of being outsmarted. ‘The trouble with
journalism today,’ one senior public relations executive told me, ‘is
that the journalists we deal with tend to be rather young, not very
experienced and stretched by the number of deadlines they’re
running against. You often feel that you are dealing with people who
really don’t understand the story. That’s quite scary.’ Anyone who
has been on the receiving end of a journalist’s enquiries will
recognize an element of truth in this: there is nothing quite so
terrifying as the knowledge that someone is about to tell a few
million people about yourself or your organization without
understanding it or, sometimes, even taking the trouble to try. In
such circumstances a reporter’s well-informed scepticism, even
prejudiced hostility, is greatly to be preferred to ignorance and
laziness.
Journalists are also less than honest when they pretend that they do
not make use of public relations contacts and other ofﬁcial sources
of information. They will want to swagger, with Claud Cockburn,
but in reality, journalists use any source of information they can tap.
A journalist covering any beat naturally wants access to top people:
the decision takers and primary sources. But this is not always
realistic: top people are, by deﬁnition, too busy to spend all day on
the phone to journalists, so they surround themselves with
96

intermediaries, whose job it is to deal with the news media that
operate around the clock, around the year. Skilled reporters
recognize that there is a hierarchy of sources for information and
that you don’t go to your top contacts for routine facts, or to check
history.

Lazy journalism

Today, public relations professionals hand out not only press
releases, but photographs, CD-ROM images, audio and video
clips. The top PR ﬁrms video their clients’ public events and
webcast them, to be picked up by journalists, or for direct
consumption by interested parties, underlining another way in
which the internet makes it even harder to distinguish journalism
from other forms of what is sometimes called ‘commercial speech.’
There was controversy in the 1980s when the BBC broadcast video
supplied by the environmental campaign group Greenpeace, on
the grounds that it was not ‘independent’ material. Today,
97

Hacks v. ﬂaks

But lazy journalists and thinly resourced newspapers, trade
magazines, or broadcast newsrooms do become overdependent
upon these intermediaries, often reproducing gratefully whatever
ready-made material comes their way. The too quickly sub-edited
press release, or even the non-edited version, can be inspected any
day in thousands of publications. Free newspapers and smaller
commercial radio stations often operate with few or even no
reporters, publishing only what someone sends in. As long ago as
the 1950s, Scott Cutlip attempted to calculate the proportion of
American news column inches taken up with information supplied
by public relations practitioners. His conclusion was that nearly
half of what we read came via this route. And that was before
the dramatic increase in the scale of US public relations industry
in the last forty years of the century, and the corresponding
decline in editorial resources on many newspapers. No wonder the
information we get from the news media is so often so uniform
and repetitive.

Journalism

broadcasters frequently use video material supplied by a huge
range of sources, including members of the public, millions of
whom can now shoot and transmit video on their mobile phones.
Organizations like Greenpeace see their media strategy as offering
to supporters and other interested parties what is in effect an
authored, on-line service of broadcast information and pictures.
Even the British royal family has a series of websites, which are
used to rebut what they regard as misleading reports in the
newspapers.
With web-sites, at least you can usually identify the commercial or
other interests involved. With the mainstream mass media this is
not always the case. Commercial product placement in movies and
television programmes is designed to promote consumer products
in a subtle or hidden way, and in many newspapers and magazines
you will see ‘advertorials’ commissioned only because they have the
support of speciﬁc advertisers or sponsors. Is this really journalism
assembled without fear or favour? The truth is that some
advertorials are more honest and honourable than others but many
are a disgrace.

Enter the spin doctor
The growth of public relations has caused particular concern in the
ﬁeld of politics, with the emergence of the political ‘spin-doctor’ in
American politics in the 1980s and since then almost everywhere
else. Politicians tend to blame the media for this phenomenon,
which they see as a response to news media which no longer
separate fact and comment and in effect ‘spin’ against the
politicians, provoking a response in kind. Whoever is to blame,
these practices are widely blamed for undermining the reputation
of politicians for plain speaking and even for the decline in public
participation in elections. One spin-doctor in Tony Blair’s
government was forced to resign when it was revealed that she had
sent an email on the day of the terrorist attacks on New York and
Washington in September 2001, pointing out that this would be a
98

good day ‘to bury some bad news’ about local government
expenditure.

Whom indeed. From whichever direction you approach the
intertwined worlds of journalism and public relations, trust is the
critical issue. Should the public’s working assumption be that any
unmediated message, from a politician, government department,
non-governmental organization, or business is either a lie or selfserving half-truth, the impression often given by journalists? If so,
can they make the assumption that journalists have the integrity to
test and interrogate rival claims, serving a general public interest?
Given the low level of trust the public has in journalists, some
modesty is in order. It helps to understand today’s tensions between
journalism and public relations to understand something of their
interconnected history.

99

Hacks v. ﬂaks

Politics, however, is not the only area where the activities of
journalists and public relations collide. In business and ﬁnancial
markets, unscrupulous public relations professionals circulate
information, often false or half-false and designed to raise the stock
price of companies for which they work, a task which involves
collusion with investment bankers, stock analysts and others who
straddle the line between investment advice, salesmanship, and
journalism. Since the collapse of stock markets in 2001/2, these
practices have attracted the attention of ﬁnancial market regulators
around the world, some of whom have moved to make rules which
require journalists and other media players to identify their
ﬁnancial interests when pontiﬁcating in print or on air. ‘The world
of Wall Street spin is . . . a daily, dizzying match in which stock
prices, corporate earnings, and millions of individual investments
are riding on the outcome’, says Howard Kurtz, media reporter for
the Washington Post. ‘In this overheated environment, the degree to
which basic facts can be massaged, manipulated, and hyped is truly
troubling. And that raises the fundamental question: amid the
endless noise, whom do you trust?’

How journalists created the PR industry

Journalism

The ﬁrst recognizable public relations agency was born in Boston in
1900, but the idea of ‘persuasive speech’ is at least as old as Plato.
The word propaganda has its origin in the seventeenth-century
Roman Catholic Church’s ‘Congregatio de Propaganda Fide’,
literally aimed at propagating the faith. Public relations as we know
it emerged as an aspect of modern industrial management in the
early 1900s as the United States engaged in one of its periodic
backlashes against excessive business power. This was the age of the
trust-busters, who broke up business empires in the Rockefeller era.
Soon, every self-respecting business had a team of lawyers to deal
with the competition authorities and professional communicators
to promote its cause with journalists and the public. The obvious
place to recruit these communicators was from newspapers.
William Wolff Smith was still a reporter for the Baltimore Sun
when he opened his ‘publicity business’ in Washington in 1902 and
he continued to operate as a ‘stringer’ or part-time correspondent
for a number of newspapers, while supplying pieces reﬂecting the
views and interests of his clients. Rockefeller’s ﬁrst public relations
‘counsellor’ was Ivy Ledbetter Lee, son of a Methodist preacher
from Georgia, and a former police reporter on Hearst’s New York
Journal. Lee joined the Rockefeller payroll in 1914, following his
skilful work in handling the aftermath of the company’s bloody
assault against striking Colorado mine-workers and their families
(the ‘Ludlow Massacre’). One of the radical journalists who
reported the massacre, George Creel, went on to make his own
name in another branch of public relations, chairing the
path-breaking Committee on Public Information, which sought to
unite public opinion at home and propagandize on behalf of the
United States abroad during the First World War. After the
Armistice, Creel’s vast programme released into the American
private sector a demobbed army of public relations experts, who
built the modern public relations industry. Edward Bernays, a
sometime reporter and Broadway theatrical press agent, worked for
100

the Creel committee, before starting his own agency in 1919, in
partnership with his wife.

Engineering consent

‘The counsel directs and supervises the activities of his clients
wherever they impinge upon the daily life of the public. He
interprets the client to the public and he interprets the public to the
client. Perhaps the chief contribution of the public relations counsel
to the public and to his client is his ability to understand and analyse
obscure tendencies of the public mind. He ﬁrst analyses his client’s
problem – he then analyzes the public mind.’

It was a short step from Bernays’s pioneering thoughts to his
concept of ‘engineering consent’ for an organization’s goals. To
some, this sounded too much like hypnosis and propaganda. They
argued that the public relations practitioner had ‘an ethical duty
above that of his clients to the larger society’. Barely out of its
infancy, public relations was caught in a moral dialogue closely
resembling the one still taking place today in journalism.
These loftier notions have, of course, encountered very many
practical difﬁculties, as one PR ﬁrm or another has snatched at the
101

Hacks v. ﬂaks

Lee was clear that, for his techniques to succeed, his clients must
show integrity in order to win trust. Only honest companies would
meet ‘the high demands of enlightened public sentiment’. Others
took their calling even more seriously. Walter Lippman’s seminal
book Public Opinion (1922) recommended the application of social
scientiﬁc techniques to the measurement and shaping of public
attitudes. Meanwhile Bernays, nephew of the psychologist Sigmund
Freud, set out out the novel idea that public relations was a two-way
affair, which involved the professional PR ‘counsel’ shaping the
behaviour of the client, as well as the attitude of the public. Bernays’
statement of ‘philosophy’ remains a classic text in public
communications:

cash, rather than pausing to ask any sort of ethical question. Ivy
Lee’s career ended in shame when it turned out he was a paid
adviser to I. G. Farben, the German chemical giant which assisted
in Hitler’s attempted extermination of the Jews.

Journalism

Fakes and other mistakes
Not quite on the same scale, but probably more morally devious,
were Hill and Knowlton’s actions in the war which followed the
invasion of Kuwait by Iraq in 1990. Employed by the Kuwaiti
monarchy at a fee of $12 million to promote its interests inside the
United States, the ﬁrm established a front organization called
Citizens for a Free Kuwait. This, in turn, proceeded to manufacture
stories about Iraqi atrocities in Kuwait. Nayriah, a sobbing 15-yearold girl, testiﬁed to a public hearing of Congress’s Human Rights
Caucus on 10 October 1990. She reported that she had seen Iraqi
soldiers taking babies out of hospital incubators and leaving them
‘to die on the cold ﬂoor’. Shortly afterwards, she was unmasked as
the Washington-based daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador. Hill
and Knowlton also spent years conveying the tobacco industry’s
case that its products were not to blame for lung cancer and other
diseases. It was perhaps out of such hard-bitten experience that
John Hill, one of the ﬁrm’s founders, advanced a less morally highﬂown deﬁnition of the goals of public relations as: ‘the management
function which gives the same organized and careful attention to
the asset of good will as is given to any other major asset of the
business.’

Politics and PR
But it was in the sphere of politics that public relations became
most controversial. Hamilton Wright, whose early career included a
spell on the Los Angeles Times, built the ﬁrst public relations
organization devoted to promoting the interests of overseas
countries. One of his techniques was to make a contractual
guarantee to his clients that the money they paid him would buy at
102

least ﬁve times as much publicity as the equivalent amount spent on
advertising. Much later, in 1964, the Public Relations Society of
America censured the ﬁrm, by then run by Wright’s grandson, for
violating one of its articles, which forbade pledging ‘the
achievement of speciﬁed results beyond a member’s direct control’.
But the accused man simply quit the society and carried on business
as usual, illustrating another similarity between public relations
and newspaper journalism: its resistance to any form of truly
independent regulation.

Bill and Tony go large
The vigour of their legacy is today evident all over the world, not
least in the rise of Bill Clinton to the presidency of the United
States and the modernization of the British Labour Party under Tony
Blair, which in turn inﬂuenced Gerhard Schröder’s leadership of
the German Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Lionel Jospin’s
Socialist Party in the late 1990s. Philip Gould, a senior
communications adviser to Tony Blair, has written extensively
about the lessons ‘New Labour’ learnt from Clinton’s New
Democrats. He recalls a visit to Clinton’s base in Arkansas in 1992
which proved a ‘turning point . . . which gave me the will to go on’
as the New Democrats displayed their deployment of a highly
disciplined set of communications techniques, most of them learnt
from business public relations and marketing, including
103

Hacks v. ﬂaks

More momentous was the work in 1930s California of two exreporters, the husband and wife team of Clem Whitaker and Leone
Baxter, who came together to ﬁght and win a local referendum.
Flushed with this success, they formed Campaigns Inc, the ﬁrst
professional campaign consultants, a breed which has dominated
every American election campaign since. In Whitaker’s own words,
they transformed campaign management from being ‘a hit or miss
business, directed by broken-down politicians’ to being ‘a mature,
well-managed business founded on sound public relations
principles, and using every technique of modern advertising’.

Journalism

sophisticated data management to track voter opinions, identify
possible switchers and ensure instant rebuttal of hostile points.
From this point on, New Labour became famous for the centralized
running of its campaigns from a single ‘war room’ and the
insistence that everyone involved in the campaign and beyond
should be ‘on message’ at all times, so that key lines could be
repeated time and again without self-contradiction.
Any journalist exposed to the New Democrats’ or New Labour’s
methods can testify to their zeal. A few weeks before the May 1997
general election, I was editing the New Statesman, a political
magazine which had developed a reputation for springing stories
picked up by other news media. One day, just before dispatching the
ﬁnal pages to the printer, I took a telephone call from the Labour
Party’s headquarters, to be told: ‘I’m calling from the Rapid
Rebuttal unit. Could you tell me what you are putting in the
magazine this week, so that I can prepare a rebuttal?’ Gould denies
that there is anything exceptional or morally dubious about the
techniques of ‘spin’ with which New Labour became deeply
associated. According to Gould, spin is ‘a longstanding and
completely unexceptional activity. In a world in which political
parties, and other high-proﬁle organizations, are under twenty-four
hour media attack, it is common sense to employ people to put the
view of the party or the organization and to do it to best effect. In a
modern media environment, competence and good
communications are inseparable: you cannot have one without the
other.’
Gould is certainly right that Ivy Lee and John Hill were spindoctors before Tony Blair was born. But these early public relations
ﬁgures were operating in a world where the news media were less
powerful and certainly less ubiquitous. Today, political life often
appears to be a media phenomenon itself, as politicians dash from
studio to studio, spending more time on television than they do in
their parliaments or Cabinet meetings. Piers Morgan, who edited
the Daily Mirror during part of the Blair premiership, has revealed
104

that in a period of about nine years, he lunched or dined with the
Prime Minister on no fewer than 18 occasions and met him a
further 30 times for private chats or interviews. In modern politics,
it does often seem that, as Marshall McLuhan foresaw, the medium
has become the message, that ‘the new media are not bridges
between man and nature; they are nature’. From the point of view of
anyone seriously engaged in trying to deliver effective government,
the effect of spin, combined with changes in journalistic standards
and cultures, has become debilitating. In the words of Geoff
Mulgan, who spent seven years at the helm of Prime Minister Blair’s
policy strategy group, the gap between public perception and reality
has become so large that it ‘promotes the idea that there are no
truths, only strategies and claims.’ Many British and American
journalists certainly felt that the spin-doctors they dealt with in the
1990s had taken them into a new territory of evasion, manipulation
105

Hacks v. ﬂaks

17. In the 1990s President Bill Clinton invented and led the ‘New
Democrats’ and Blair led ‘New Labour’. Both perfected techniques of
political communication (‘spin’) and other campaign methods which
built upon techniques used in commercial public relations. By the turn
of the century, these methods were controversial and, some said,
counterproductive.

and deceit. The fact that Blair, by the time of his second landslide
victory in 2001, was busily attempting to distance himself from the
charge that his was a government of ‘spin not substance’ indicated
that he was starting to understand the price paid for his earlier
public relations triumph.

Journalism

Money makes the spin go round
The role of spin in the world of business and ﬁnancial markets has
much in common with its political manifestation, except that here
the fall-out has included collapsed share prices, corporate crisis and
lost jobs. During the extraordinary period between 1997 and 2001,
when the ‘dot com boom’ drove share prices to unprecedented
heights, business journalism was itself being transformed by the
growth of a new generation of specialist television channels and a
profusion of web-based business services which delivered multiple
streams of global data and pictures to traders’ desks simultaneously
all over the planet. By the turn of the century, a venerable ﬁrm like
the news agency Reuters had been reinvented as a supplier of
multimedia electronic market information to business and ﬁnancial
organizations. Amid this gold-rush, those who reported and
commented on the market and individual stocks, whether live on
television or via the web, were seldom asked to disclose their own
ﬁnancial interests, though informed insiders know full well that the
expert Wall Street and City of London analysts employed by
investment banks routinely issue nine ‘buy’ recommendations for
every ‘sell’.
One of the more extraordinary ﬁgures of this period was James
Cramer, a millionaire Wall Street trader who combined the running
of his own hedge fund for investors with a large stake in, and regular
editorial appearances on, thestreet.com, an online news service in
which the New York Times bought shares. Although it was editorial
policy on thestreet.com for Cramer to declare his personal or
professional interest in any stock mentioned in his commentaries,
there were huge tensions in play. Was it legitimate for someone to
106

be both a major private investor and a journalist serving his readers
and viewers? In the same bull market, editorial dishonesty surfaced
in more traditional news organizations. Journalists from the Daily
Mirror in London and the San Jose Mercury News in the United
States were caught lining their own pockets using information
gathered in the course of their journalistic activities. Many expected
the editor of the Daily Mirror, Piers Morgan, who had traded stock
on the basis of his city desk’s inside tips, to be ﬁred, but he retained
the support of the company, until eventually a bigger, political
scandal forced him from ofﬁce.

107

Hacks v. ﬂaks

But Morgan’s was not the only apologia as sobriety returned to Wall
Street. Richard Lambert, editor of the Financial Times throughout
the 1990s, acknowledged the failures of even the best business
journalists in the world to spot the dubious business practices that
started to come to light when the boom turned to crash at ﬁrms like
Enron and Worldcom. ‘The Enron affair reveals something about
the culture of business journalism. As editor of the Financial Times
over the period, I was part of the culture,’ says Lambert. He notes
that the signs of Enron’s impending difﬁculties were, from the
vantage point of the company’s crash, ‘there for anyone who cared
to look’. Why did business journalists fail to spot them? ‘Because
they were too inﬂuenced by the views of big ﬁnancial institutions,
many of which rated Enron a ‘buy’ to the bitter end; because too
much business journalism today is concerned with personalities
rather than hard analysis and because business, unlike politics, is
largely conducted without transparency and behind the protection
of ﬁerce libel laws, especially in Britain. ‘One of the main tasks of
the media is to hold power to account. With no serious alternative
to free market capitalism, governments are increasingly obliged to
enter into relationships with corporations. An intelligent
examination of business starts to become a crucial component of
democratic choice.’ Lambert’s words remind me of a story from the
earliest days of the Financial Times, when its young chairman,
Horatio Bottomley, found himself stitching mail bags in jail,
following his involvement in a mining industry scam. A visitor

sighed: ‘Ah, Bottomley, sewing?’ to which the disgraced publisher
replied: ‘No, reaping.’

Trust bust

Journalism

There is an echo here with the world of political spin. In Philip
Gould’s own account of the rise of Tony Blair’s New Labour, he
turns to David Hill for a description of the spin-doctor’s work. Hill,
for many years the Labour Party’s chief media spokesman and a
bridge between the worlds of ‘old’ and ‘new’ Labour, spent a period
in commercial public relations before returning to Downing Street
as the Prime Minister’s spokesman, following the resignation of the
arch-spin doctor, Alastair Campbell. This is what Hill told Gould:
‘You have to never tell a lie – telling lies is disastrous, because one of
the most effective elements in being a spin-doctor is that they
believe what you are saying to them.’
It is this erosion of trust that has spread a cynical rot through
politics and business. Deterioration in standards of professional
behaviour by journalists, public relations people and politicians
have all contributed to this state of affairs. Public relations and
journalism have different jobs to do in that journalists serve ﬁrst
and foremost the collective interest of their readers, viewers and
listeners, before they serve the interests of the organizations which
employ them, whereas PR people are employed explicitly to serve
the interests of the organizations which pay their salaries. But
without trust between them, politicians, business people,
journalists, and public relations practitioners will not be trusted
by the public, which means that none of them can do their jobs
effectively. These people all depend upon trust in public
communications. They are in the same boat and they would row to
better effect if they acknowledged the fact, before then doing battle.

108

Chapter 7
Murder is my meat: the
ethics of journalism

Journalism is a domain of moral choices, occasionally involving a
melodramatic interplay between good and evil, which probably
explains why the news media have proved such a fertile source of
movie story-lines. According to one authority, Hollywood alone has
churned out more than a thousand ﬁlms which are, in one way or
another, about the news business and its ethical challenges.

These celluloid heroes have come in many shapes and sizes,
reﬂecting the concerns of their day. In the 1930s, Torchy Blane, a
female reporter, tested gender stereotypes in the urban jungle,
demanding entry to a crime scene with the words: ‘Holdups and
murders are my meat. I’m Torchy Blane of the Star.’ Orson Welles’s
Citizen Kane, based upon the career of William Randolph Hearst,
explored his subject’s inability to discern the difference between fact
and ﬁction. ‘He was disappointed in the world, so he built one of his
own,’ says one of Kane’s aides. This same decade also yielded the
ﬁrst of four screen adaptations of a Broadway play, The Front Page
(1931), featuring Hildy Johnson’s irrefutable description of the
general news reporter’s life: ‘It’s peeking through keyholes. It’s
running after ﬁre engines, waking up people in the middle of the
night. It’s stealing pictures off little old ladies after their daughters
get attacked.’ In Five Star Final (1931) Edward G. Robinson’s rag
delights in ruining the lives of essentially blameless people.
Confronted by the daughter of a woman who has killed herself
109

Journalism

rather than face further humiliation by headline, Robinson
snatches for the newsman’s standard defence. ‘Newspapers’, he
says, ‘are only great mirrors that reﬂect the world.’
In the 1970s, Hollywood’s mirror brieﬂy reﬂected a more positive
image of newsroom life. All the President’s Men (1976), starring
Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman, told the story of the decade:
the Washington Post’s exposure of the Watergate conspiracy. Soon,
Jane Fonda was exposing nuclear skulduggery in The China
Syndrome (1979) and Clark Kent, Daily Planet reporter turned
Superman, made his own transition from comic book to cinema
screen. But the sunnier mood didn’t last. Films like Broadcast News
(1987) showed journalistic integrity taking second place to glamour
and entertainment, The Insider (1998) portrayed television
journalism corrupted by corporate self-interest, and in To Die For
(2000), Nicole Kidman plays a young woman willing to corrupt
children and murder her husband in order to get a break in TV
news.

Journalism kills
If Hollywood’s journalists are ethically challenged, so too in real life.
On 15 October 1978, Rupert Murdoch’s News of the World published
a story about a maths teacher, Arnold Lewis, who organized sex
parties for consenting adults in his caravan in the Welsh hills. When
an undercover reporter phoned Lewis to tell him that the story
would soon be splashed across the paper, Lewis gassed himself in
his car. At the inquest, the female reporter whose byline appeared
on the story was asked by the coroner whether the contents of the
dead man’s suicide note upset her. ‘No, not really,’ she replied. Many
years later, her editor confessed that the incident still kept him
awake at night.
Do journalists take ethics seriously? One of the most widely used

110

text books in the training of British journalists comments that to
put these two words in the same sentence ‘is to risk reducing the
listener to helpless laughter. To the insider on a mass-market
tabloid, ethics are largely an irrelevance. Lecturing these journalists
about ethics is as pointless as advocating celibacy to sailors arriving
in port after six months at sea.’ Or, as Kelvin Mackenzie, editor of
the Sun during the 1980s, once put it: ‘Ethics is a place to the east of
London where the men wear white socks.’

Piety at the Post

The Post’s manual runs to more than 200 pages. Yet, according to
one study, the verbosity of such news organization ‘bibles’ conceals
some glaring omissions. Of thirty-three American newspaper
manuals analysed by the Poynter Institute in 1999, fewer than one
in ﬁve codes addressed the subject of editorial and advertising
department tensions and many codes ignored the crucial subject of
how newspapers do or don’t actually enforce their standards, as
opposed to proclaiming them.

111

Murder is my meat

There is an aspiration to greater piety elsewhere. The Washington
Post Deskbook on Style reiterates the principles laid down when
Eugene Meyer bought the paper in 1933. It begins: ‘The ﬁrst
mission of a newspaper is to tell the truth as nearly as the truth may
be ascertained.’ Among its other solemn pronouncements is the
following: ‘The newspaper’s duty is to its readers and to the public
at large, and not to the private interests of the owner. In the pursuit
of truth, the newspaper shall be prepared to make sacriﬁces of its
material fortunes, if such course be necessary for the public good.
The newspaper shall not be the ally of any special interest, but shall
be fair and free and wholesome in its outlook on public affairs and
public men.’

18. The burglary on the Democratic Party’s Watergate ofﬁces in 1972
led to the downfall of President Richard Nixon. It also initiated the
most famous newspaper investigation of all time and a golden era of
investigative reporting. The two reporters, Carl Bernstein and Bob
Woodward of the Washington Post, were played in the subsequent
Hollywood ﬁlm by Dustin Hoffman and Robert Redford. Since then,
every political scandal is labelled ‘something-Gate’.
112

19. The heroic age of journalism, when newspapermen set the world to
rights, is nowhere better captured than in the comic-strip stories of
Clark Kent, Daily Planet reporter, who turns into Superman to combat
global evil.
113

The PCC duvet
In Britain, the BBC’s guidelines for producers are also the size of a
substantial book, taking in rules on everything from impartiality
(which is required by law in the case of all licensed UK
broadcasters), fairness, privacy, taste and decency, violence, the
depiction of children on television, conﬂicts of interest, and much
else. The Editor’s Code of Practice, upon which the British Press
Complaints Commission bases its adjudication of complaints
against newspapers, is a four-page document that gives a good
indication of the central ethical standards which journalists in
many parts of the world regard as ethically relevant. These are:

Journalism

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•

•

Accuracy, and the prompt correction of inaccuracies.
The opportunity to reply to attack or criticism.
Prohibition of invasion of privacy, including by long-lens cameras,
except in cases involving genuine public interest.
Harassment is forbidden, except in cases of public interest.
Intrusion upon people suffering grief or shock must be ‘made with
sympathy and discretion’.
Children should not be bothered at school, or interviewed or
photographed without parental consent under the age of 16.
No use of listening devices, or phone-tapping, except in cases of
public interest.
Hospitals: journalists should not operate covertly.
Misrepresentation: ‘Journalists must not generally seek to obtain
information or pictures through misrepresentation or subterfuge.’
Such information ‘should be removed only with the consent of the
owner’. Again, there is a public interest exception.
An individual’s race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability
is only to be mentioned in stories where directly relevant.
Financial journalism: no use for personal proﬁt of information
received; no writing about shares in which a journalist has an
interest, without permission of the editor.
Conﬁdentiality of sources must be protected. This is ‘a moral
obligation’.
114

•

Payment for stories is acceptable, but not where payment is made to
criminals or their associates. Again, there is a public interest test.

The self-regulatory approach of the Press Complaints Commission
is important, not least because it is based on a very long tradition of
press freedom and as such has been much emulated in recent years
within emerging democracies in the Balkans, Asia, Africa, and
elsewhere. The PCC has also played a key role in developing a global
network of self-regulatory press bodies around the Alliance of
Independent Press Councils of Europe. These initiatives are not
to be confused with the World Association of Press Councils, a
body accused by its European enemies of providing a front for
state-dominated media organizations, intent upon a censorious
global code of ethics for journalists reminiscent of the ‘world
information order’ promoted in the 1980s by UNESCO.

The case against the PCC is that its rhetoric is strong, but its powers
weak. Its only sanction is to oblige newspapers to publish its
adjudications and its inﬂuence has certainly not prevented
newspapers, on a daily basis, declining to make prompt corrections,
publishing inaccurate stories, and more or less frequently violating
almost every other item in the code. Because so many of its rules
may be broken on grounds of ‘public interest’ (deﬁned as anything
which exposes crime, protects public safety, or prevents the public
115

Murder is my meat

Viewed from this perspective, the PCC is nobly upholding the
liberal traditions of the country which pioneered press freedom.
How then to explain the contempt in which the PCC is held in
some quarters? According to the distinguished journalist and
commentator Simon Jenkins, the PCC is ‘a somnolent body’, which
‘emerges sometimes, but only to defend the privacy of Britain’s royal
families, the Windsors and the Blairs’, and which is ‘designed
largely to keep the newspaper industry out of trouble with
politicians, who have in the last two decades repeatedly threatened
to legislate to protect citizens against atrocious behaviour by
journalists, especially newspaper journalists.’

Journalism

being misled) even those rules which appear strong are in practice
negotiable.
So, for example, the rule which forbids payments to criminals or
their associates did not prevent the PCC from condoning the Sun’s
decision in 2001 to pay large sums to the agents and family of
Ronnie Biggs, an ageing escaped convict ﬂown back to Britain from
Brazil by the newspaper amid great scenes of self-congratulation.
When a television newsreader, Anna Ford, protested at the secret
photographs taken of her and her children on a foreign beach
holiday, her complaint was waved away by the Daily Mail, which
published the pictures, and by the PCC. Ford branded the PCC
‘hopeless’, took the matter to court, and lost. At least Ms Ford could
consider court action, unlike the un-named asylum seekers accused
of eating the Queen’s swans – a bogus Sun story eventually the
subject of a lame apology. These days, it is routine for newspapers to
pay for information (a practice once known, disapprovingly as
‘cheque-book journalism’), with the result that many stories arise
purely from ﬁnancial motivation, commonly when a young woman,
sometimes a professional sex worker, is paid to divulge her account
of an evening with some hapless celebrity. To newspapers,
celebrities are fair game ‘in the public interest’. For such people,
employing, say, a nanny has become a high-risk exercise, knowing
that the press will always pay large sums for an ‘inside story’ when
the nanny leaves her job. In 2002 the British government
announced that it would take steps to outlaw the payment of money
by the news media to witnesses in trials. Unsurprisingly, this too
provoked a highly questionable expression of outrage at this latest
violation of ‘press freedom’.
The conclusion of the PCC’s sympathetic historian, Richard
Shannon, is that its critics will never be satisﬁed with an
organization that can’t punish offenders, but that such a regime
‘will have to be some arrangement of statutory imposition, which
the politicians have made clear they are unwilling to undertake. The
result is a comprehensive impasse. Logic is deﬁed, but the system
116

works. It is within the protective embrace of that impasse like a
hugely plump duvet, that the PCC survives all hazards, confounds
all critics, and lives.’

Self-censorship and other crimes
In the United States, there is no such duvet. Individual newspapers
or newspaper groups deal with complaints directly and many have
‘readers’ editors’ or ombudsmen with speciﬁc powers to consider
complaints and seek correction, right of reply, or other form of
adjudication. This practice has, in recent years, started to spread
into British newspapers, where some see it as an emerging selfregulatory second tier which will in time enable the PCC to take a
tougher stance against serious misbehaviour.

117

Murder is my meat

American journalism, however, also faces serious ethical challenges.
According to a survey of nearly 300 journalists in 2000,
self-censorship in news is commonplace, much of it resulting from
journalists bending to pressure from ﬁnancial sponsors or
advertisers – a problem especially acute in local media. More than a
third said that ‘news which would hurt the ﬁnancial interests of a
new organization goes unreported’. A previous survey, in 1999,
showed that journalists increasingly feel that their work is less
accurate, that ‘the lines have blurred between commentary and
reporting’, and that ‘pressure to make a proﬁt is hurting the quality
of coverage’. Half of the journalists questioned thought that their
credibility with the public was a major issue. It was to combat this
perceived decline in public respect that the Committee of
Concerned Journalists came together in 1997, launching its Project
for Excellence in Journalism. The project has uncovered data which
suggest that only 21 per cent of Americans think the press cares
about people, down from 41 per cent fourteen years earlier, and that
less than half think the press protects democracy, though this
number took a brief upward turn following the events of 11
September 2001. Thirty-eight per cent believed news organizations
to be actually ‘immoral’.

Journalism

United they stand
But the same research also discovered that journalists are
surprisingly united in their values, especially in their belief that
journalism’s central purpose is to hold power to account and to
provide the resources of information and opinion upon which
democracy thrives. ‘News professionals at every level . . . express an
adamant allegiance to a set of core standards that are striking in
their commonality and in their linkage to the public information
mission,’ concludes one piece of research. On the other hand, the
project also conﬁrmed a growing sense of conﬂict between the goals
of the businesses which own the news media and these civic
principles. So, although ‘every mission statement on ﬁle with the
American Society of Newspaper Editors names advancing selfgovernment as the primary goal of the news organization,’
corporate lawyers ‘advised news companies against codifying their
principles in writing for fear that they would be used against them
in court’. Here is a glaring example of the weakness of a system of
professional ethics regulation left to a litigious market place.

A Code from Concern County
Bill Kovach and Tom Rosenstiel, leading ﬁgures in the American
movement for more traditional standards of journalism, have
worked up from this research a set of nine principles which are
more general in character than the codiﬁcations of the PCC, or
broadcaster guidelines, but which seek to identify the
characteristics they believe the news media must adopt if they are to
be trusted and fulﬁl their democratic mission. Here is the list in full:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Journalism’s ﬁrst obligation is to the truth.
Its ﬁrst loyalty is to citizens.
Its essence is a discipline of veriﬁcation.
Its practitioners must maintain independence from those they cover.
It must serve as an independent monitor of power.
It must provide a forum for public criticism and compromise.
118

•
•
•

It must strive to make the signiﬁcant interesting and relevant.
It must keep the news comprehensive and proportional.
Its practitioners must be allowed to exercise their personal
conscience.

New news isn’t so sure

‘We understand truth as a goal – at best elusive – and still embrace it,’
reply Kovach and Rosenstiel. This unalterable goal is, they say,
endangered by the ‘new’ journalism: its speed, the anything-goes
spirit of the internet, and the need for journalism to exaggerate in
order to stand out. This is ‘creating a new journalism of assertion,
which is overwhelming the old journalism of veriﬁcation’.
Traditional skills supporting veriﬁcation, they might have
added, such as shorthand and the law, are simultaneously being
neglected.

119

Murder is my meat

This, as any ﬁrst-year media studies student schooled in the
subtleties of situational ethics and moral relativism could tell you, is
a rather old-fashioned list. Kovach and Rosenstiel acknowledge in
their own manifesto that ‘the truth’ is no longer, if it ever was,
uncontested. (A very long time ago, Pontius Pilate asked: ‘what is
truth?’) Critics of the Concerned Journalists have dubbed them
barnacle-encrusted defenders of ‘Old News’, oblivious to the virtues
of an emerging ‘New News’, which is interactive and subject to
interrogation, engaging the emotions and the spirit as much as the
brain. As long ago as 1992, Jon Katz, the journalist and cultural
critic, proclaimed in the pages of Rolling Stone: ‘something
dramatic is evolving, a new culture of information, a hybrid New
News – dazzling, adolescent, irresponsible, fearless, frightening and
powerful. The New News is a heady concoction, part Hollywood
ﬁlm and TV movie, part pop music and pop art, mixed with popular
culture and celebrity magazines, tabloid telecasts, cable and home
video.’

Journalism

Should journalists be accountable?
To the non-American outsider, the vigour of this debate looks like a
promising self-defence mechanism against the complacency of the
old journalism and the less desirable aspects of the new. In the
United States, wealthy foundations like the Pew Centre for the
People and the Press, a backer of the Project for Excellence in
Journalism, ensures that there is a quality of data about American
journalism which simply does not exist anywhere else, fed by
journals like the Columbia Journalism Review and the American
Journalism Review. In Britain, there is a low rumble of assent to
some of these ideas, usually without much in the way of
comprehensive evidence. ‘Print journalism is now the most corrupt
realm of life in Britain,’ wrote one national newspaper journalist in
2002. ‘Some journalists boast of lifestyles that are little more than
perpetual junkets – bribes – from those whose news they report.’ Or
to cite an earlier clarion call, at the launch of the British Journalism
Review: ‘The business is now subject to a contagious outbreak of
squalid, banal, lazy and cowardly journalism whose only
qualiﬁcation is that it helps to make newspaper publishers (and
some journalists) rich.’

A philosopher intervenes
In recent years, there has been a growing debate outside the
journalism profession about these matters. In her Reith lectures of
2002, the philosopher Onora O’Neill took the theme of trust. In her
ﬁnal lecture, she turned to the press which, she said, was guilty of
‘smears, sneers and jeers, names, shames and blames. Some
reporting covers (or should I say ‘‘uncovers’’) dementing amounts of
trivia, some misrepresents, some denigrates, some teeters on the
brink of defamation . . . If the media mislead, or if readers cannot
assess their reporting, the wells of public discourse and public life
are poisoned.’
Onora O’Neill is right that the ethic of truthfulness, or more
120

modestly accuracy, is at the heart of the morality of journalism.
Without achieving these, journalism cannot inspire trust and
without trust, there is no worthwhile journalism. Industry codes
and the law of the land have a part to play in framing and policing
the necessary standards, but as we have seen in the ﬁnancial
services industry, which is regulated in minute detail, dishonesty
among auditors and senior managers still goes undetected. That is
one reason why Kovach and Rosenstiel are also right, in their ninth
and ﬁnal article of faith, to turn to the conscience of the individual
journalist.

121

Murder is my meat

Working with young, would-be journalists in a journalism school, I
encountered real and justiﬁed nervousness about the reality of the
newsrooms which lay ahead. Is it alright to apply emotional
pressure to a parent who has lost a child in tragic circumstances to
hand over a treasured picture? Is it OK, as Hildy Johnson suggests,
to steal the photo from the mantelpiece? What about stealing a
document, or a glance at a document when your interviewee is
momentarily distracted, or called from the room? In what
circumstances would you lie to get a bigger truth? Would you ever
be prepared to disguise or conceal your identity? It depends, doesn’t
it. It would be acceptable to pose as the purchaser of a dodgy car in
order to expose a dealer whose business is in selling dodgy cars. But
to pose as a doctor, in order to get someone to tell you their intimate
health concerns, would be another matter. Would such intrusion
really be justiﬁed on the ‘public interest’ grounds that the subject of
the inquiry is famous? In these sorts of cases, code books only get
you so far and, in any case, what is forbidden in one news
organization may be regarded as a matter for celebration in another.
How else to make sense of a professional world which extends from
the Washington Post’s rule that ‘in gathering news, reporters will
not misrepresent their identity’ to custom and practice on the News
of the World, whose most famous reporter habitually dresses up as a
sheikh in order to entrap his victims? When journalism students
ask how they should navigate through a world of such contrasts, it is
difﬁcult to make any other reply than this. Journalists are part of

the societies in which they work. They acquire, within those
societies, a sense of right and wrong; they have, thank goodness, a
moral compass learnt outside journalism. It is up to every
individual to preserve that compass, to be true to their own and
their community’s values. In short, don’t expect your employer,
the news industry or, heaven forbid, your news editor, to do it
for you.

Who are these journalists anyway?

Journalism

If we are to depend, as we must, on journalists and their
consciences, supported by quality training and wise guidelines, we
also need to know more about journalists, to re-assure ourselves
that they are broadly representative of the rest of us. But who are
they, these journalists, and in what do they believe?
These questions are not so easily answered as may be imagined
since there is no very clear agreement on how to deﬁne a journalist.
Does the deﬁnition include, say, news presenters, who may be actors
rather than people trained in news? Does it include radio talk-show
and tabloid TV hosts; does it include someone who sets up a weblog
on the internet and shares information and opinion with anyone
willing to pay attention? What about researchers on a television
documentary, or researchers on an entertaining quiz based on the
news? Or take the astrology column in a newspaper, which may sit
alongside a readers’ letters feature: are either of these the work of
journalists? Is there a common set of standards to which both
might be expected to work?
In Britain, even the number of journalists is subject to a wide range
of estimates. Some put the ﬁgure as low as 15,000, others as high as
120,000, though the best guess is probably in the 60,000 to 70,000
range. Thanks to a recent, and rare, piece of research, we do at least
have a reasonably up-to-date portrait of the British working
journalist in the year 2002. The essential characteristics of
contemporary British journalists then were:
122

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

as likely to be a woman as a man;
young: 70 per cent of journalists are under 40;
childless: only 23 per cent have dependent children;
white: only 4 per cent are from ethnic minority groups
metropolitan: 55 per cent work in London and the South East;
middle-class: only 3 per cent of new entrants have parents who are
unskilled or semi-skilled;
graduates (98 per cent);
low-paid: the average salary is £22,500, though stars earn more
than ten times that level.

The global journalist
Professor David Weaver of Indiana University has worked for a
number of years with a group of academics around the world,
attempting to throw light upon facts about journalists. His
research, which covers twenty-one countries, suggests the
following:
•

•
•

•

Journalism is still a predominantly male occupation, though it is
becoming less so. New Zealand and Finland are among the countries
that achieved gender balance ﬁrst.
Journalists are young, on average in their mid-30s, which is younger
than the workforce average.
They come overwhelmingly and disproportionately from the
dominant ethnic group in their societies. This is a serious problem
almost everywhere, but especially so in Britain, the United States,
Taiwan, and Canada and to a lesser degree in Brazil and China.
They are increasingly, and in some countries almost universally,
123

Murder is my meat

The British ethnic minority ﬁgure of 4 per cent compares with over
10 per cent of ethnic minority people in the population as a whole,
and a proportion much higher than that in the urban centres where
most journalists work. In the United States, minorities account for
30 per cent of the population, but fewer than 12 per cent of
newspaper journalists.

university-educated, though the extent to which they bother with
‘journalism schools’ or ‘journalism degrees’ varies.

What do journalists believe?

Journalism

An even more interesting, and largely unexplored, question is: what
do these journalists believe? What is their ethical framework? The
researchers found that most journalists agree they are in the
business of getting information to the public quickly, but there are
wide differences of view about the extent to which journalists see
themselves as ‘watchdogs’ on government or other centres of power.
This is a highly rated objective among journalists in Australia,
Britain, and Finland, but much less so in countries which lack a
long history of democratic government and a culture of a free press.
Algeria, Taiwan, and Chile provide examples among the countries
surveyed.
Nor could journalists really agree on the importance of their role as
analysts, or whether they have an obligation to report accurately or
objectively. Only 30 per cent of a British sample agreed that
journalists are obliged to be accurate and objective. In Germany,
over 80 per cent of journalists, and in the US 49 per cent, accept
this obligation. German journalists, who are regarded by their
British counterparts as dull and cautious creatures, say they are
much less happy about harassing sources, using documents without
permission, and paying for information. Impersonation is frowned
upon more by journalists in Australia than those of other countries.
It is perhaps not surprising, in the light of ﬁndings such as these,
that there is confusion about standards of behaviour in journalism.
There simply is no lingua franca of journalistic ethics. Journalism is
an occupation, especially in newspapers and magazines, which
prides itself upon the absence of regulation and which, by its very
nature, is simultaneously trying to tune into and challenge the
moral and political reﬂexes of the societies in which it functions. It
remains to be seen whether convergence of print and audio-visual
124

media via the internet and other digital platforms will result in
regulation of the press becoming more like broadcasting or vice
versa. What is certain is that we will not achieve high moral
standards in journalism by accident. Journalists, expert at putting
others under pressure, need to feel pressure themselves. At the very
least, journalists should recognize that we need a well-informed
public debate about journalism if journalism is to thrive.

Murder is my meat

125

Chapter 8
Matt’s modem: tomorrow’s
journalism

For a couple of years at the end of the 1990s, the world of
journalism went crazy. It was impossible to be among journalists
without hearing of someone who was leaving their job to set up a
web-based news service or an e-zine or to work for Microsoft or
Yahoo. There were so many jobs, it became difﬁcult to recruit
people into journalism training courses. Who needs training when
there are jobs galore for anyone with enthusiasm and a bit of
dotcom attitude?
It was a time when everyone thought they needed to be in everyone
else’s business. Newspapers were terriﬁed that the internet would
steal their readers and their classiﬁed advertising, so they even
started creating websites for advertisers to try to keep them
loyal. Magazines rushed to create new identities on-line and in
multi-channel television. Television piled into interactive services,
to head off the internet challenge. And just about everyone thought
about merging to deal with the much proclaimed ‘convergence’ of
digital technologies.
Some gambled billions on these schemes. Others merely doubled
the size of their editorial staffs. Newspaper editors wrote of their
‘e-epiphanies’, as they ﬁnally understood that the internet would
transform the media. ‘What the hell were we all smoking that
weekend?’ is the question now asked at Time Warner, according
126

to Rupert Murdoch, reﬂecting upon the decision by Time Warner
to sell itself into a merger with America Online at the very peak
of dotcom valuations. Never in the history of journalism has a
new medium appeared so rapidly out of the blackness and with
such volatile consequences. This was journalism on cocaine: the
New New Thing meets Woodward and Bernstein. Now the party
is over, it remains to ﬁgure out what it all means for tomorrow’s
journalism. How important are these technological issues, against
the other concerns discussed in this book, about journalistic
ethics, ownership and freedom to publish?

Hacks and hackers

There was a lot to do. The paper needed redesigning for the
Mirror’s presses, the editorial budget was slashed, and we moved to
ofﬁces high in London’s biggest ofﬁce block at Canary Wharf,
determined to rebuild sales. We needed to break news, something
for which the Independent had never been noted. One day, the news
editor whispered that we were on to a big story. A young freelancer
claimed to have hacked into the computer system of BT, the
national telephone company, and gained access to the most secret
telephone numbers, including direct lines to defence and
intelligence establishments and the prime minister’s ﬂat in
Downing Street.
127

Matt’s modem

My own experience with the internet began very badly. It was the
autumn of 1994 and I was the new editor of the Independent, a
British daily newspaper born eight years earlier as an independent
voice outside the club of traditional newspaper owners. When
I took over, the paper was in a mess. Circulation had fallen from
a peak of 400,000 to 250,000; Rupert Murdoch had started a
price war and the founders had been forced to surrender their
independence to a group of large European publishers, who
handed management control to the Mirror Group, which was itself
still recovering from the aftermath of Maxwell pension-looting
scandals.

Journalism

It obviously needed a lot of checking. We made enquiries about
the reporter, who was in touch with a known network of
investigative journalists. He showed us lengthy print-outs of the
telephone numbers. We tested them. He said that he had
transferred the electronic version of the ﬁles to an undisclosed
location on the internet. Eventually, we put the allegations to BT,
which said its data was secure. We published the story and it
caused a stir. The prime minister was asked about it in the
House of Commons. A police investigation was launched. We
took calls from BT staff contradicting the ofﬁcial BT line: the
system was anything but secure, they told us, and this could
be proved a second time, if we would make a reporter
available.
By now, I was starting to have doubts. A former colleague said the
description we had published of the use made by hackers of the
internet simply did not ring true. Within a few days, it became clear
that the data had been secured not by hackers or gum-shoe
journalism, but downloaded from a computer when the reporter
worked at BT, on a temporary contract arranged by an employment
agency. He had not wished to tell us this, because he thought he
would get into trouble. Above all, he wanted to make a name for
himself as a journalist.
Meanwhile, another Independent reporter was already checking
out the calls we had taken from inside BT, appearing to
corroborate security lapses. One source offered to prove that our
reporter could walk straight past BT’s security, sit down at a
computer, log on and inspect the secret telephone numbers
detailed in our report. This subsequently happened and, as our
‘hacker’s’ story fell apart, we reported the results of the new
security breach to our readers. Later our reporter and the BT
ofﬁcial were prosecuted, without success, under a new law to
protect computer data.
With hindsight, we destroyed a perfectly good story – BT secret data
128

at risk because of slack supervision of contractors – by publishing a
bogus one about hacking. The years have intensiﬁed rather than
diminished my embarrassment because like everyone else I can now
see that the way we portrayed the internet in 1994 was deeply
ignorant. The idea that the most public medium in the history of
communication would be used as a hiding place for a hacker’s
secret data was a bit like suggesting a gang of bank robbers might
choose to hide a sack of stolen bullion on the bar of an East End
pub.

The meaning of the internet

For professional journalists, this has very big implications. The
global nature of the new communications network means that
individuals can consume journalism made all over the world, and
discuss it across national boundaries. One result is that the
intellectual property rights involved in news are made more
valuable. More important, journalism has become a
multidirectional force ﬁeld, rather than the one-way street of the
traditional newspaper or television news bulletin. Also, because the
technology of news-making and distribution is much cheaper and
simpler, almost anyone can join the journalistic mêlée. Today’s
newsrooms are, essentially, collections of networked personal
computers. Today’s mobile phones can record and transmit
pictures, sound, and text, turning them into primitive television
129

Matt’s modem

So, what do the new digital communications technologies mean for
journalism? Some things are clear. Digital offers a huge expansion
in the amount of data which can be forced through any
communications network, whether wired or wireless, and allows it
to be manipulated and displayed upon a range of cheap and simple
desk-top, hand-held, or living-room devices. Since the
telecommunications network is global, leaving aside issues of
investment and communications poverty in large tracts of the
world, journalism has become, almost at a stroke, a global
enterprise.

Journalism

stations. The interplay between mobile phone trafﬁc, live
television, and other news media around the 11 September
terrorist attacks on America provided a compelling illustration
of the way that contemporary political struggles interact with
private and public media. When a fever of terrorist bombs caused
carnage in London in July 2005, the most dramatic television news
pictures were supplied from the mobile phones of travelling
Londoners.
It is not, in my opinion, an exaggeration to use the word
‘revolution’ to describe changes as far-reaching as these, none of
which are rendered void by the switch-back motions of the stock
market and the valuation of technology, media, and
communication stocks. These markets will still play an
important role in determining the speed and extent to which
truly high-speed broadband communications networks will be
rolled out, but nothing the markets can do will turn this revolution
around.
What we have already witnessed since the early 1990s is remarkable
enough. It is now routine for consumers to receive 200 or 300
television channels, rather than three or four. Radio, rather than
being squashed by television, has entered a new and dramatic
growth phase, with radio services accessible by computer, digital
television, satellite and mobile telephone. Meanwhile, so-called
‘pod-casting’ has emerged as a technology allowing producers of
‘Radio’ programmes to share them as digital ﬁles with owners of
devices like the ‘I-pod’. Newspapers, although under pressure for
share of advertising markets and reader time, are today able to
print at low cost in multiple sites, rather than moving vast
quantities of newsprint by road or rail over large distances. They too
encounter global possibilities. Magazine titles, supremely wellsuited to targeting niches in increasingly fragmented media
markets, have also found new opportunities. No medium can target
readers across the whole social-demographic spectrum as
effectively as magazines.
130

In television, satellite communications and digital editing make it
possible for reporters to transmit stories more or less from anywhere
to anywhere, and for editors to process them rapidly for broadcast
or internet. Lightweight cameras and other equipment, combined
with modern air travel, make it possible for television journalists to
be on the scene of stories in hours, where once it would have
involved days. To me, it only seems like yesterday that on many
foreign assignments the most difﬁcult part of the job was the length
of the queue at the local telex station, to transmit a simple text
message back to head ofﬁce. Working as an editor in a national
newspaper ofﬁce, the most irksome aspect of the job up until the
1980s was negotiating with printers. Today, journalists don’t even
meet printers. News is multimedia, instant, global, and ubiquitous.

Drudge and the kids from Fame

It is worth recapturing, in Drudge’s own words, the composition of
that momentous Drudge Report of 9.02 p.m., Paciﬁc Time, 17
January 1998:
131

Matt’s modem

As for the internet itself, it has already caused an enormous stir as a
medium of news. The medium’s patron saint (or, in the eyes of
many, patron sinner) is Matt Drudge, the Hollywood-based, oneman-band who started out doing star gossip and movie ratings, but
in January 1998 had the American news media at his feet, when he
learned that Newsweek Magazine, owned by the Washington Post
group, had held back from publishing an account of President
Clinton’s sexual liaison with a White House intern, Monica
Lewinsky. Drudge, who had been following the rumours about
Clinton’s activities for some time, got conﬁrmation of the story from
a New York literary agent, wrote his report, and dispatched it to his
readers. Although it is very likely that this story would have
surfaced without Drudge, the scoop became a point of deﬁnition in
American journalism, the Watergate of its day, when it precipitated
a scramble for follow-ups by established reporters, who cut corners,
parading rumour as fact.

Nothing left to do.
My ﬁnger’s poised over the button.
This is everything.
Everything you’ve ever been and everything you’ll ever be. . . .
‘Whaddya think yer doin’, Drudge? . . . ’
Cat. Bummer.
‘Am I reading this right? You’re about to accuse POTUS
[the President of the United States] of having it off with an
intern? Are you preparing to blow up Washington? Get me Janet
Reno . . . !’
Hey, I don’t like it either, but it’s conﬁrmed conﬁrmed conﬁrmed,
and your Janet Reno’s authorized Starr to move in. . . .’
‘You are a terrorist, aren’t you?’
Mommy and Daddy were liberals . . .
‘You and your internet manifesto.’

Journalism

Let the future begin.
‘So be it . . .’
Microsoft mouse moved into position.
Ready. Aim. ENTER.
Bouncing beams from dish to dish, e’s, faxes & alarms. 1 am
Cellphones, conference calls, dirty dresses, cigars. 2 am
Subpoenas. Grand Juries. Fallout. 3 am.
Elections. Impeachment. 4 am
Acquittal 5 am.
Fame 6 am
Dawn.

Note the penultimate line. Fame: Drudge, the ingénu, knew
perfectly well that he was playing for media celebrity. Six months
later, he was the guest of the National Press Club in Washington.
During his remarks, he spoke idealistically of ‘an era vibrating with
the din of small voices’. He went on: ‘Every citizen can be a reporter,
can take on the powers that be. The difference between the internet,
television and radio, magazines, newspapers is the two-way
communication. The Net gives as much voice to a 13-year-old
132

computer geek like me as to a CEO or Speaker of the House. We all
become equal.’
Drudge wears a trilby hat, a conscious reference to 1920s
muck-raking journalism, and his supporters see him carrying the
torch for the journalistic tradition of Tom Paine. The reaction at the
Press Club, however, was not so favourable. Doug Harbrecht, the
Business Week journalist then serving as Press Club president, led
the inquisition, and Drudge scratched hard into his shaky
knowledge of American news history to defend himself. But his
return ﬁre took casualties. The high-speed, rolling, error-prone
editions of on-line journalism he likened to the heyday of the
yellow press, when newspapers would turn out a dozen editions a
day. If he made mistakes, he said, so did the august news
organizations represented in the room. Then he added: ‘I put my
name on every single thing I write. No ‘‘Periscope’’ here. No
‘‘Washington Whispers’’ there.’ Moreover, he said, he was
committed to ‘cover media people the way they cover politicians . . .
133

Matt’s modem

20. Matt Drudge, cyber-muck-raker, broke the Monica Lewinsky story
on his website. When he faced his professional press critics at
Washington’s National Press Club, he told them: ‘I am not a
professional journalist, I am not paid by anyone.’

Journalism

How did a story like Monica Lewinsky break out of a Hollywood
apartment? What does that say about the Washington press corps?’
The media, he said, ‘is comparable to government – probably passes
government in raw power’, so had to be interrogated. As for the
rules of journalism, concerning the number of sources needed to
establish a reliable fact before publication, Drudge said: ‘I follow my
conscience . . . conscience is going to be the only thing between us
and the communication in the future, now. And I’m very happy with
my conscience.’ Recall, if you will, the ﬁnal, ninth article in the
manifesto of ‘old journalism’, The Elements of Journalism:
‘practitioners must be allowed to exercise their personal
conscience.’
Harbrecht asked whether Drudge foresaw ‘a separation of media
practices where future journalists accept more your style and
methods, or accept the methods of appropriate journalism?’ Note
the menacing, establishment timbre in the word ‘appropriate’. The
only problem Drudge could see was that, if there were thousands of
reporters like him clamouring for attention, ‘it could start looking
like an insane asylum’. But if that happened, ‘I think people will
grow disinterested. But again, they’ll rally around something else.
So I leave this to the free marketplace.’ Where, Harbrecht persisted,
did this leave the ‘professional ethic of journalism’? To which
Drudge replied: ‘Professional. You see, the thing is you are throwing
these words at me that I can’t defend, because I am not a
professional journalist. I am not paid by anyone.’
By the time you read this book, Matt Drudge may have vanished
without a trace, or he may be fronting the most popular talk show
on network television. But the issues that his work raises, and the
moral hinterland from which he proceeds, are those that have
emerged consistently in the themes of this book. The defence of the
Western, democratic tradition of newspapers lies in its commitment
to free expression and free, competitive markets, even where
markets tend to excess. It is a free market that ﬁnds space for
Thomas Paine, William Randolph Hearst, John Wilkes, Bob
134

Guccione, the New York Times, Michael Moore, and Matt Drudge.
It means that the Supreme Court will defend the publishing rights
of Hustler Magazine, as well as the Washington Post. The nobility of
principle involved in Thomas Jefferson’s according free newspapers
a higher democratic priority than free government survives, albeit
in high tension with disgust at some of what freedom allows. It
should be remembered that, in his later years, Jefferson himself
deplored ‘the putrid state into which the newspapers have passed
and the malignity, the vulgarity and the mendacious spirit of those
who write them’. The unmistakable voice of old news and
established power, repelled by the outsider.

Bloggers unite

Will the internet remain hospitable to such anarchic free-booters?
It is difﬁcult to say, but history tells us that no medium of
135

Matt’s modem

But if the excitements of Drudge’s work carry positive
reverberations, they do not dispel all doubt about the internet’s
future. In the press, an earlier era marked by the din of small voices
soon gave way to an era of larger, industrial voices, competition for
advertising, libel laws, and other civil restraints, which held the
worst excesses of newspapers in check, while also in some cases
suppressing what ought not to have been suppressed. The press
then had to come to terms with competition from the oligopolistic
world of broadcast news, which it initially feared would lead to the
destruction of newspapers. In practice, television differed from
print in terms of the volume and complexity of information each
medium could convey and in terms of its relationship with the state.
The internet is, in a sense, the bastard child of both broadcasting
and print. Some of the biggest players in on-line journalism are
television news companies, such as CNN and the BBC. Other news
websites are off-shoots of newspapers. But the internet is also home
to Matt Drudge and a galaxy of other small-time operators and
complete media newcomers, discharging their news, views, and
impressions to anyone prepared to pay attention.

Journalism

journalism lasts long if it is unsupported by a clear business model
and that is where the internet has encountered difﬁculty.
Newspapers, magazines, commercial radio, and most television
eventually moved to a model based chieﬂy upon advertising. But
television’s diversity has been increased by the availability of
subsidy from the taxpayer and today, increasingly, by the emergence
of a new revenue stream in subscription-ﬁnanced channels,
programmes, or events. It is interesting to note that the world’s
highest levels of per capita expenditure on television occur in the
United States, which is the largest market, and the United
Kingdom, which has in relative terms the largest publicly funded
broadcaster.
On-line journalism is still ﬁnding its way both ﬁnancially and
creatively. It attracted vast sums of capital in the late 1990s,
based largely upon a misunderstanding of the speed with which
the internet would transform commercial and personal
communication, and has since struggled to build up workable,
day-to-day business models. Advertising on the internet is
problematic because of the limited size of display screens and the
fact that adverts are widely seen as too intrusive in a medium
which, unlike television, demands the same level of concentration
as reading. But subscription only works for publications with a
high ‘need to know’ element, which is difﬁcult to sustain at a
time when news organizations are providing free on-line access
to such large amounts of material. Currently, the dominant
approach among on-line news services is for the on-line product
to draw on the creative resources of the print or broadcast parent,
but to offer users additional, paid-for services, such as access to
archive.
The advantages of electronic on-line media, however, will continue
to assert themselves, as more people have access to on-line
information at higher speeds and lower prices. As computing,
communications, and screen technologies advance further, it is very
likely that we shall see a disposable ﬂoppy ‘screen’, which can be
136

inscribed with electronic ‘ink’ via a phone line or wireless link, and
stuffed into your pocket or briefcase. On-line media have
sustainable advantages over print in terms of searchability and
interactivity. In time, the business model will settle down.

So far, web journalism has not led to the birth of anything quite so
distinctive, apart, perhaps, from the global debating society of chatrooms and the ‘blogosphere’. But as Matt Drudge’s work illustrates,
the internet has placed the power to shake the mighty in the hands
of individuals or small groups: a welcome, if provisional, antidote to
media concentration, the hegemony of business values, and the
complacency to which all professional groups are prone. The
internet has also put into reporters’ hands new research tools,
sometimes called ‘Computer Assisted Reporting’, and greatly
enhanced the ability of reporters to interrogate public databases,
which are slowly becoming more accessible under freedom of
information legislation. In purely creative terms too, there are also
ﬂares in the night. The work of organizations like the Centre for
Digital Storytelling builds upon traditions of oral history and
community journalism and puts the tools of multimedia
storytelling and journalism into the hands of ordinary citizens.
Dana Winslow Atchley, who died in 2000, is a noted pioneer in the
137

Matt’s modem

On-line media also provide a unique opportunity for journalists to
combine still and moving pictures, sound, and text. Here lies a great
and as yet barely attempted creative challenge, to develop a way of
reporting and informing people which feels fresh, startling, and
memorable in the way that newspaper publishers did when they
ﬁrst understood how to use headlines, typography, pictures and
layout to make navigation of a newspaper more rewarding. Radio
made its mark on journalism by bringing the sound of real events to
the listener in the Second World War. Television has transﬁxed us
with images of the moment – the young man waving down a tank in
Tiananmen Square, the crumbling World Trade Center towers, as
well as transforming our relationship with political leaders through
the intimacy of the interview.

Journalism

digital storytellers’ mission ‘to thrill those who stand and listen with
the notion that they too might have a voice.’
Another recent manifestation of possibility is the web-logging or
blogging movement. This, like so much on the internet, was
pioneered by an individual and made available to others essentially
without charge. It permits anyone to establish a real-time, on-line
personal platform, for use as a public diary or pulpit to the world.
Andrew Sullivan, a well-known British journalist, and a former
editor of the American magazine New Republic, describes blogging
as ‘the ﬁrst journalistic model that harnesses rather than merely
exploits the true democratic nature of the web. It’s a new medium
ﬁnally ﬁnding a unique voice. Stay tuned as that voice gets louder
and louder.’ Sullivan’s own weblog raises money through donations
and ‘afﬁliate advertising’, which means that the blogger gets cash if
the site user clicks through to an advertiser and buys something.
Sullivan runs a book club, for example, and takes a commission
from Amazon, the on-line book retailer, for all books purchased. He
comments: ‘This means a writer no longer needs a wealthy
proprietor to get his message across to readers. He no longer needs
an editor, either. It means a vast amount of drivel will ﬁnd its way to
the web. But it also means that a writer is ﬁnally free of the
centuries-old need to suck up to various entities to get an audience.
The universe of permissible opinions will expand. It’s no accident
that a good plurality of American bloggers are libertarian or right of
centre. With a couple of exceptions the established newspaper
market in America is dominated by left-liberal editors and
reporters. What the web has done is allow talented writers to bypass
this coterie and write directly to an audience. If the Drudge Report
pioneered the ﬁrst revolution of this kind, then bloggers are the
vanguard of the second wave.’

Life and death
Activities such as blogging and digital storytelling will acquire even
greater potential, as higher speed communications networks take
138

The vibrating din of small voices also enables other professional
communicators, such as public relations experts, to communicate
directly with the public, rather than only through the media. At the
same time, the public relations people must contend with the fact
that new media also allow individuals and groups to mount
signiﬁcant media campaigns against much larger opponents. In the
1990s, anyone who searched the internet for the restaurant
company McDonalds quickly found themselves routed to sites run
by McDonalds’ many angry critics. At the same time, so-called
‘independent media centres’ have sprung up around the world on
the back of demonstrations challenging the values of global
capitalism and to provide alternative dimensions of reporting
around major events such as the Iraq War. These centres see
themselves as reporters unsullied by the preoccupations of the
mainstream media. The response of the public relations industry
has been to invest heavily in web monitoring, in order to maintain a
139

Matt’s modem

shape. There is good reason to hope that these might also help ﬁll
the growing gaps in local and community news services, which have
opened up as largely monopoly newspapers have cut their reporting
resources and relaxed in the absence of competition. Multimedia
on-line communication is also an essential feature of other news
networks, such as those formed by fans in sport and entertainment,
as well as in specialized ﬁelds like science and the law. No
professional communicator should doubt the power of the internet
in the hands of the curious and determined citizen, as poignantly
illustrated in the case of ‘Miss B’, a 43-year-old British woman who
demanded of her doctors that they turn off her life support
machinery a year after she was paralysed in an accident. The case
was heard by a judge at the bedside of Miss B, who explained that
her trust in her doctors had been undermined when she surfed the
internet and found ‘a tremendous amount of information, not just
from professionals, but also from other quadriplegics, who are also
ventilated’. Empowered by this information, Miss B made her case
and won from the court permission to die, the ﬁrst recorded case of
internet-euthenasia.

real-time watch on chat rooms and other internet-based
communications forums, before using ‘viral’ techniques for
rebuttal and response.

Journalism

Aux armes citoyens! plurality, diversity, and trust!
Just how this competition between a din of small voices and the
ever-growing scale of the biggest media companies will shake down
is difﬁcult to judge. Those who feel pessimistic about the
corporatization of the internet and the predicted loss of its diversity
should perhaps take comfort from the difﬁculties now being
endured by the new giants: AOL–Time Warner, Disney, and
Vivendi. Equally, those inclined to optimism should recall that
power, in the end, follows money in the media, which is why, even in
a media world much more difﬁcult to regulate than previously,
there will still be good grounds for taxpayers to invest constructively
in public service television and radio and for deploying strong
powers to prevent excessive concentrations of media ownership. A
new challenge will be to ensure that access to communications
infrastructures is affordable and fair, in rural as well as urban areas,
in poor countries as well as richer ones. Without this, there will be a
‘digital divide’ which will undermine democracy. If the slogan of the
French revolutionaries was ‘liberty, equality, and fraternity’, the
slogan of the ongoing communications revolution should be:
‘access, plurality, diversity, and trust’.
The confusion of the times arises from the fact that so many
apparently contrary things are happening at the same time: we have
blogging and AOL–Time Warner; independent media centres and
the rise of the global public relations ﬁrm; Matt Drudge and the
$50m TV news presenter. To some extent, these phenomena can be
explained as reactions to each other, all part of the restless churning
of the news media, as they resist conﬁnement by old technologies,
old establishments, and old certainties.

140

Gutenberg galaxy to internet galaxy
According to Manuel Castells, whose great trilogy of books in the
1990s mapped the ‘network society,’ the unique culture of the
internet will preserve it from take-over by corporations or
emasculation by governments, so long as the net’s governance
is not dominated by American interests. The internet, says
Castells, is ‘a particularly malleable technology, susceptible of
being deeply modifed by its social practice, and leading to a
whole range of potential social outcomes – to be discovered by
experience, not proclaimed beforehand. . . . it is the expression
of ourselves.’

The internet is both a news medium in its own right and a
141

Matt’s modem

Castells has suggested that ‘if convergence takes place one day, it
will be when the investment required in setting up broadband
capabilities beyond the instrumental uses of the corporate world is
justiﬁed by a new media system willing and ready to satisfy the most
important latent demand: the demand for interactive free
expression and autonomous creation – nowadays largely stymied by
the sclerotic vision of the traditional media industry.’ Journalism is
self-evidently only an aspect of this larger creative picture, yet there
is no denying that it will both shape and be shaped by the forces
Castells identiﬁes. The combination of social, political,
technological, cultural and economic circumstances which gave us
the liberal free press settlement in the eighteenth century no longer
exists in the same form today. As we navigate our way from
McLuhan’s ‘Gutenberg Galaxy’ to Castells’ ‘Internet Galaxy’,
the driving force is the citizen-consumer, who today demands
maximum choice and maximum quality; the beneﬁts of
well-functioning markets and protection from their
shortcomings and excesses. When it comes to news, the mood
of the citizen-consumer is ﬁckle, ﬂitting from one medium to
another and picking up news at his or her convenience rather
than feeling obliged to track some ﬁxed canon of ‘the news’.

Journalism

connector of other media. It facilitates global shopping, as well as
global journalism. Although the Washington Post’s Leonard
Downie and Robert Kaiser, voices of ‘old news’, are snootily
dismissive of the achievements of on-line journalism, and ‘new
news’ generally, they are honest enough to note that ‘in 2001,
Drudge sent more readers to washingtonpost.com than did any
other web site that linked to the Post.’ Tom Rosenstiel, a founder of
the Committee of Concerned Journalists, and another campaigner
for ‘old news’ values, goes further and agrees that ‘ultimately,
journalism will probably be saved by the advent of the new
technologies because they create the capacity for ten young people
in a garage to invent a journalism that ﬂows out of the needs of the
people they know, the communities they want to serve, rather than
some sophisticated model from business consultants about how to
maximise proﬁtability. The ﬁrst journalism in the 1600s was
literally conversation among citizens in coffee houses in England.
The internet is our new coffee house.’

The age of the virus
Advocates of public journalism are right to remind us that
journalism is both a business and much more than a business. As
the writer on media issues Christopher Dornan has said: ‘Who
could have imagined that the media would come to usurp political
authority, buffering the policy process and decision-makers in the
chaotic turbulence of perception? In the United States of America,
the most advanced and sophisticated nation on the planet, what
matters now is not so much what is done, but how actions play out
in the mediascape. Journalism was supposed to provide reliable
records of the real. Now, it seems, a stew of journalism,
entertainment and infotainment establishes what is taken to be
real – not as the Chomskyites insist, according to some master plan
for the manipulation of the masses, but in absurd, directionless and
irrational gyrations. What Huxley and Orwell feared was the
dominance of collective order over the individual. What we have
arrived at is something close to the end of governance as it was once
142

deﬁned. When the media run the show, then the jabber and the
images of the airwaves take precedence over what the images were
originally meant to depict, no one is in charge.’ In Orwell’s Room
101, Dornan adds, the authoritarian tormentor creates ‘a world in
which the very concept of trust has been exterminated’. But trust
can be as readily lost in a mist of infotainment as in the snows of a
Stalinist terror.

The danger is that the time-constrained citizen ﬁnds the whole
debate encompassed in these pages too wearisome and too remote.
Then, they will note the unreliability of much news and switch off,
settling for a quieter life, away from the information storm. This is
the great peril, the way free societies might indeed perish; lost in
media space, with no direction home. Democracy needed
143

Matt’s modem

The ﬁrst job of journalism is to ﬁnd out, communicate accurately,
and be trusted. If it cannot be trusted, then it will be neither
believed nor respected. To a large extent, market mechanisms
operating within a framework of strong competition policy will do
the job of sorting out the trustworthy from the unreliable, but wellfunctioning markets also need honest, accountable suppliers, ready
to correct mistakes and willing to submit to public scrutiny and
debate. There is a role here for intelligent regulation and journalists
would be wise to welcome it. As Onora O’Neill said in her attack
upon contemporary journalism, if the news media are to be part of
the solution, not part of the problem for democracy, they must
provide ‘reporting we can assess and check’, which means that free
news media must collaborate with effective regulatory mechanisms
to illuminate their conﬂicts of interest and admit their errors.
Well-run markets can deliver plurality and diversity of news
provision, but trust requires something more from everyone
involved in public communication: politicians, campaigners, and
businesses, as well as journalists. If the politicians and business
people are lying, the journalists will be thanked for saying so. If the
journalists are lying, or failing to ﬁnd out, there is no possibility that
the public sphere will be in good health.

21. The dotcom
boom and bust came
and went so fast that
those reporting the
story could barely
keep up. This cover
of a British internet
magazine is dated
August 2000. By
February 2001, the
cover of the
American magazine
Fast Company
indicates the extent
to which the mood
has changed.

144

journalism to get started. Journalism needs to re-absorb the values
of democracy into its own self-conduct if it is to function effectively:
to open itself to scrutiny and challenge.
There is a Chinese proverb about the dangers of failed leadership:
that the ﬁsh rots from the head. In complex modern democracies,
this is not so. We are living in the age of the network and the age of
the virus, which can strike anywhere and spread in any direction. In
that sense, modern democracies are less vulnerable and more stable
than those which appear to be in the grip of elites. On the other
hand, once a virus gets moving, pretty soon it is everywhere and the
problem cannot be solved by a change in leadership. Against such
viruses, reliable, accurate, truthful journalism is the only known
antidote. Where the market can’t deliver it, we must continue to
ensure that market failure is corrected.

145

Matt’s modem

By the way, when Doug Harbrecht asked Matt Drudge to name his
greatest mistake, he replied: ‘ever doubting my ability’.

This page intentionally left blank

Further reading

Michael Bromley and Tom O’Malley (eds.), A Journalism Reader
(London: Routledge, 1997) contains many landmark documents,
including W. T. Stead’s vision of ‘government by journalism’.
Manual Castells, The Internet Galaxy (Oxford: Oxford University Press,
2001).
Benjamin Compaine and Douglas Gomery, Who Owns the Media?:
Competition and Concentration in the Mass Media Industry
(Mahwah, NI: Lawrence Erlbaum, 2000).
James Curran and Jean Seaton, Power Without Responsibility:
The Press and Broadcasting in Britain (London: Routledge, 1997).
Leonard Downie and Robert Kaiser, The News about the News:
American Journalism in Peril (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2002)—
gloomy analysis from The Washington Post.
Mohammed El-Nawawy and Adel Iskandar, Al-Jazeera: How the Free
Arab News Network Scooped the World and Changed the Middle
East (Cambridge, MA: Westview Press, 2002).
Stephen Glover (ed.), Secrets of the Press (London: Penguin, 1999)
includes good essays by Paul Foot and others.
Ian Hargreaves and James Thomas, New News, Old News
(London: Independent Television Commission, 2002)—research
since developed in other work, available at www.ofcom.org.
John Hartley, Popular Reality: Journalism, Modernity, Popular Culture
(London: Arnold, 1996).
John Keane, The Media and Democracy (London: Polity Press, 1991).
Philip Knightley, The First Casualty: The War Correspondent as Hero
and Myth-Maker (London: Prion, 2001) is a classic on this subject.
147

Journalism

Bill Kovach and Tom Rosenstiel, The Elements of Journalism: What
Newspapers Should Know and the Public Should Expect (New York:
Crown Publishing, 2001)—this is the manifesto of America’s
‘concerned journalists’.
Howard Kurtz, The Fortune Tellers: Inside Wall Street’s Game of
Money, Media and Manipulation (New York: Touchstone, 2001).
Larry Langman, The Media in the Movies: A Catalogue of American
Journalism Films 1900–1996 (Jefferson, NC: McFarland, 1998).
Walter Lippmann (ed.), The Washington Post Desk Book on Style
(New York: McGraw-Hill, 1989).
John Lloyd, What the Media Are Doing to Our Politics (London:
Constable and Robinson, 2004) takes the politicians’ side against
declining standards of news media behaviour.
Janet Malcolm, The Journalist and the Murderer (New York: Alfred A.
Knopf, 1990).
John Stuart Mill, ‘On Liberty’, in Utilitarianism, ed. Geraint Williams
(London: Everyman, 1972).
Onora O’Neill, A Question of Trust: The BBC Reith Lectures
(Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2002).
George Orwell, Essays (London: Penguin, 2000)—exemplary
journalism.
The Pew Center for People and the Press, website www.people-press.org,
is the best American database and discussion zone on issues of news
media standards.
John Pilger, Hidden Agendas (London: Vintage, 1998) presents a view
of the issues from the Left.
Richard Shannon, A Press Free and Responsible (London: John Murray,
2001) is a fairly ofﬁcial history of the Press Complaints Commission.
Bill Sloan, I Watched a Wild Hog Eat My Baby! A Colorful History of
Tabloids and their Impact (New York: Prometheus, 2001).
Tom Wolfe, The Purple Decades (London: Jonathan Cape, 1983)—or
any other compendium from the master of the late-20th-century
version of ‘the new journalism’.
For inspiration in digital story-telling, go to www.storycenter.org,
nextexit.com or photobus.co.uk.
148

Index

Atchley, Dana Winslow 137
Auden, W. H. 18
Australia 124

A

B

ABC television network 59, 71,
78
accountability 107, 118, 120–1,
143
accuracy 12, 121, 143
Addison, Joseph 25
advertising 8, 30, 86, 98, 103,
126, 136, 138
Afghanistan 21, 22
Afghanistan War (2001–2) 53
Africa 10
Agora (Polish publishing
company) 92
Al-Arabiya (television news
channel) 22, 43, 55
Al Hurra (pro-American
Arabic-language
television) 55
Al Jazeera 13, 43, 53, 54–5
Algeria 22, 124
All the President’s Men (1976)
110, 112
Alliance of Independent Press
Councils of Europe 115
Amazon.com 138
American Journalism Review
120
AOL-Time Warner 40, 78, 85,
127, 140
Arabic-language stations 13,
43, 53, 54–5
archives 136–7
Asia 10
Asian television stations 43

B92 (Belgrade station) 49
Babitsky, Andrei 38
Baldwin, Stanley 62
Balkan wars 49–50
Baltimore Sun 100
Bangladesh 22
Baxter, Leone 103
BBC 12–13, 16, 17, 42, 44, 55,
86, 89, 90, 97, 135
Arabic-language television
service 54
celebrity interviewers 59
election coverage inquiry 45
fake guests scandal 68
guidelines 114
Hutton Report 55, 58
John Pilger’s criticism of 46
market share 83
Princess Diana interview 69
television news 60
war reporting 48, 50
BBC Wales 14
Beaverbrook, Lord 62
Berlusconi, Silvio 5, 81
Bernays, Edward 100–1
Bernstein, Carl 112
Bertelsmann 79, 81
Beslan siege (2004) 39
Biggs, Ronnie 116
Bild Zeitung 57, 61, 81
Bin Laden, Osama 53
Black, Lord Conrad 7, 78
Blair, Jayson 68
149

Journalism

Business Week 133

Blair, Tony 59, 89, 92, 98, 105,
106, 108
blogging 15, 77, 122, 137–9,
140
bogus stories 64–5, 66–8, 116,
128–9
Bolam, Silvester 62
Böll, Heinrich, The Lost
Honour of Katharina
Blum 81
Bono 74
Boston Globe 40
Bottomley, Horatio 107–8
Bourdieu, Pierre 45
Brazil 22, 123
Britain 15, 136
information sources survey
11
journalists in 122–3, 124
media owners 6
press ‘golden era’ in 29–30
press self-regulation 114–17
regional newspapers 86–7
regulation 42–3
television deregulation 42
Westminster press pack 3,
see also BBC
British Journalism Review 120
broadband, see internet
Broadcast News (1987) 110
broadsheets 51, 66–7, see also
under individual titles
Brokaw, Tom 42
Brown, Gordon 59
BskyB (satellite television) 42
BT (British Telecom) 127–9
Burma 24
Bush, President George W. 51
business journalism 106–7

C
cable news services 15
Cainer, Jonathan 60
Campaigns, Inc. 103
Campbell, Alistair 108
Canada 123
Canary Wharf, London 127
capitalism 35
Carlton Television 68
Carrington, Colonel Edward
26
Castells, Manuel 140–1
CBS 78, 87
celebrities 4, 8, 14, 59, 68–71,
71–3, 116
Censer, Jack Richard 27
censorship 24–5, 28
Centre for Digital Storytelling
137
charitable trusts 92
Charles, Prince 69, 71
Chatwin, Bruce 51
Chechnya 38
children 114
Chile 124
China 22, 24, 27, 32, 123, 137
The China Syndrome (1979)
110
Chomsky, Noam 45
Christian Democratic
politicians 44
Citizen Kane 79, 80, 109
Citizens for a Free Kuwait 102
civic journalism 41
Clark, Alan 7
Clark, General Wesley 50
150

D
Daily Express 31, 61, 62
Daily Mail 31, 61, 62, 116
Daily Mirror 31, 62, 63, 78,
104, 107, 127
Daily Star 63
Daily Telegraph 51, 56, 78
data management 104
Davies, Gavyn 55
de Gaulle, President Charles 11
Defoe, Daniel 25
democracy 14–15, 18, 31, 40,
41–2, 143, 145
deregulation 42
Diana, Princess of Wales 6,
69–71
DiCaprio, Leonardo 59
digital technology 12–14, 32,
126–45
Disney Corporation 40, 78,
140
documentaries 68
Doha 54
Dornan, Christopher 142
dot com boom 106, 144
Downie, Leonard 82, 141
Drudge, Matt 14, 131–4, 135,
142, 145
Drudge Report 38, 138
Dubai 22, 55
‘dumbing down’ 45, 60
Dyke, Greg 55

E
The Economist 28
editors 90–3, 126, 131
education 123–4
El Pais 61
151

Index

Clinton, President Bill 4, 14,
59, 103, 105, 131
Clooney, George 71
CNBC 54
CNN 36, 49, 54, 78, 135
Cockburn, Claud 95, 96
coffee houses 142
Columbia 22
Columbia Journalism Review
120
Comet 31
Committee of Concerned
Journalists 82, 85, 117,
118–19, 142
communications technology
28, 32, 35–6, 42–3, 49, 98,
129
Communist Party 37
community journalism 14, 137
‘Computer Assisted Reporting’
137
conﬁdentiality 114
Conran, Jasper 51
consumer magazines 15
Cooke, Janet 68
corporations 35, 96, 107, 140
CPJ (Committee to Protect
Journalists) 22
Cramer, Chris 54
Cramer, James 106
Creel, George 100–1
Crimean War (1854–6) 48
criminals 115, 116
Crowe, Russell 87
Cruise, Tom 71
Cuba 24
Cudlipp, Hugh 62
cultural identity 13–14
Cutlip, Scott 97

Freedom House 24
freedom of information
legislation 137
freelance photographers 6
French Revolution 26–7
Freud, Sigmund 101
The Front Page (1931) 109

election campaigns 45, 89, 104
emails see internet
embedded journalists 50
English Civil War (1642–8) 24
Enron 6, 107
entertainment 87, 94–5, 119,
139, see also celebrities
Eritrea 23
ethics 110–25
ethnic minorities 123
European Union 44, 45, 83
Evans, Harold 9, 84

G
Gannett 82
Gazeta Wyborcza 92
The Gazette 31
Geldof, Bob 74
General Electric 78
Germany 44, 81, 103
globalization 129
Glynn, Kevin 73
Gopnik, Adam 9
Gorbachev, Mikhail 44
Gould, Philip 103, 104, 108
government:
and the BBC 55, 58
by journalism 30–1
media funding and subsidies
38, 44, 55, 88
press pressure on 42
public relations 96
regulation 32, 33
spin doctors 49, 92, 98–9,
108, 194, see also politics
and politicians
Greenpeace 97, 98
Grundy Television 78
Guardian 51, 52, 86, 91, 93
Guccione, Bob 134
Guerin, Veronica 23
Gulf War (1991) 47, 49, 51,
102

Journalism

F
Falklands War (1982) 48, 63
Fallows, James 40, 41
Farben, I. G. 102
Feltz, Vanessa 68
Le Figaro 81
ﬁnancial journalism 2, 114
ﬁnancial services regulation
99, 121
Financial Times 9, 16, 51, 78,
90, 107
Finland 123, 124
First World War (1914–18) 48,
62, 100
Five Star Final (1931) 109–10
Fleet Street, London 25
Fonda, Jane 110
Foot, Paul 8
Ford, Anna 116
foreign journalism 17, 21–4, 51,
54
Fox Network 42, 43, 88
France 11–12, 27, 44, 45, 81
free newspapers 97
free speech 5, 26, 40, 42
152

H

infotainment 142–3
The Insider (1999) 87, 110
internet 12, 13, 14, 15, 31, 33,
43, 49, 75, 126–45
blogging 15, 77, 122, 137–9,
140
business services 106
Drudge Report 38, 138
Kosovo War 50
public relations and 94, 97,
98
investigative journalism 4, 30,
72, 110, 112
IPC magazine group 78
Iraq 22, 51, 102
Iraq War (2003) 50, 139
Ireland 23
Italy 5–6

J
Japan 28
Jefferson, Thomas 26, 135
Jenkins, Simon 115
Jensen, Dr Carl 3–4
Jerusalem Post 78
Johnson, Senator Hiram 47
Jospin, Lionel 103
journalists 77
belief 124–5
celebrity 8, 71–3
criticism of 7
Defoe’s description of early
25
embedded and independent
50
global survey of 123–5
killed while working 21
proﬁle of 123–4

I
impartiality 12, 43, 44, 55, 114
impersonation 123
Independent 16, 51, 61, 90–1,
93, 127–9
India 22
industrial action 100
information 1–2, 41, 49, 75,
137
153

Index

hackers 127–9
Halimi, Serge 45
Harbrecht, Doug 133, 134, 145
Harmsworth, Lord 83
Harris, Jay 82–3
Hart, Gary 65
Hartley, John 14
Havel, Vaclav 5
Hearst, William Randolph 31,
61, 66, 79, 80, 109, 134
Hetherington, Henry 29–30
Hewitt, Don 72–3
Hill, David 108
Hill, John 104
Hill and Knowlton (PR
company) 102
Hitler, Adolf 62, 102
Hoffman, Dustin 110, 112
Holland 29
Hollywood 109–10
Holocaust 102
Hong Kong 27
Hustler Magazine 135
Hutton Report (January 2004)
58
Huxley, Aldous 142
hyper-journalism 10–11

Los Angeles Times 102
Luce, Henry 86
Lukyanova, Irina 36–7
Lumby, Catherine 73
Lungren, Dan 73

television 2
W. T. Stead on 31
judiciary 42, 134–5
junk journalism 2–3

Journalism

K
M

Kaiser, Robert 82, 141
Kamp, David 74–5
Katz, Jon 119
Keane, John 18
Kelly, Dr David 58
Kidman, Nichole 110
Kirch Media group 44
Kitchener, Lord 62
Knight Ridder 82
Knightley, Philip 47
Kohut, Andrew 15
Kosovo War (1999) 49–50
Kovach, Bill 118–19, 121
Kurtz, Howard 99
Kuwait 102

Macaulay, Thomas 3
McDonalds’ 139
Mackenzie, Kelvin 63, 91, 111
McLuhan, Marshall 105, 141
Madonna 71
magazines 81, 85, 89, 98, 126,
130, 138, see also under
individual titles
Malcolm, Janet 7, 9, 25
Mann, Michael 87
Marat, Jean Paul 26
Marie-Claire 81
Marie-Messier, Jean 44
market-based journalism 12,
31, 33
Maxwell, Robert 78, 127
medicine 139
Mencken, H. L. 9–10, 11
Mexico 22
Meyer, Eugene 111
Meyer, Sir Christopher 6
Michnik, Adam 92
Middle East 10
Midnight (tabloid) 65
Mill, James 29
Mill, John Stuart 29
Milton, John 24, 26
misinformation 6–7, 47
misrepresentation 114, 121
mobile phones 98, 129–30, 131
Le Monde 54, 61, 71, 91

L
Labour Party 92, 103
Lambert, Richard 107
Lee, Ivy Ledbetter 100, 101–2,
104
Lewinsky, Monica 4, 131
Lewis, Arnold 110
liberalism 28–9, 40, 42
Libya 24
Liebling, A. J. 77
Lippmann, Walter, Public
Opinion 101
Littlejohn, Richard 64–5
Lloyd, John 9
local news 41, 75, 86–7, 88, 89,
117, 138
154

N
Nash, Knowlton, Trivial
Pursuit 40
National Enquirer 65–6, 71
National Lampoon 65
National Press Club,
Washington 132, 133
NATO 49, 50, 51
NBC 42, 78
NBC News 53
Nepal 23
New Democrats 103, 105
‘New Journalism’ 30
New Labour 103–4, 105, 108
‘New News’ 119
New Republic (magazine)
138
New Statesman 16, 17, 90, 91,
92–3, 104
New York Daily News 61
New York Journal 100
New York Mirror 61
New York Post 63
New York Times 4, 53, 67, 68,
86, 106, 134

O
O’Connor, T. P. 62
155

Index

New Zealand 123
news agencies 30, 106
News Corporation 88
News Extra (tabloid) 65, 66
News International, see
Murdoch, Rupert
News of the World 61, 63, 83,
110
Newspaper Preservation Act
(US, 1970) 88
newspapers 11, 14–15, 137
accountability 120
advertorials 98
and broadcast news 135
broadsheets 51, 66–7
codes of practice 111–12
digital technology 130, 131
foreign news 54
government help for 88
highest paid writer for 60
Jefferson on 26
readership 15, 45, 83
Russia 37
self-regulation 42, 114–17
struggling 86–7, 88
tabloid 30, 51, 61–76, 81,
110–11, 116
war reporting 51–2, see also
under individual titles
Nixon, President Richard 112
North Korea 24
Northcliffe, Lord 62, 94–5
Northern Alliance troops 44
Novaya Gazeta 37
NTV (Russian television
network) 37–8

Monnot, Caroline 71
monopoly publishing 88
Moore, Michael 134
Morgan, Piers 104–5, 107
Morris, Chris 66
Morton, Andrew 71
movies 79, 80, 87, 98, 109–10,
112
muck-raking journalism 133
Mulgan, Geoff 105
Murdoch, Rupert 6, 12, 35–6,
42–4, 63, 73, 81, 83–5, 90,
110, 127

politics and politicians 3, 8–9,
18, 30–1, 71, 92, 143
interviewed by celebrities
59
public relations 102–3
rapid rebuttal 104
Russian 36–8
spin doctors 49, 92, 98–9,
104, 108
and television regulation 43,
see also government
Poor Man’s Guardian 29
Pope Jr., Generoso 65, 69, 81
popular music 15
Postman, Neil 60
Poynter Institute 111
Pravda 35
Presley, Elvis 65
press barons 77–8, 79–82, 94,
see also Murdoch, Rupert
press clubs 28
press freedom 5–8, 10, 20, 24,
28–9, 77, 115, 116, 135
press releases 97
printers 131
privacy 2, 27, 114, 116
product placement 98
Project Censored 4
propaganda 35, 48, 50, 100
Prouvost, Jean 81
public interest 3, 114, 115, 116,
121
public journalism 41
public opinion 30–1, 100, 101
public relations 95–106, 108,
139, 140
public service broadcasting 43,
44, 140, see also BBC
Pulitzer Prize 68

Ofcom (regulatory body) 17
Oliver, Jamie 74
Onassis Kennedy, Jackie 69
O’Neill, Dr Onora 6, 12, 120,
143
The Onion 60, 65
oral history 137
O’Reilly, Tony 90
Orwell, George 34, 142
Ouvriere, Lutte 71
ownership 5–6, 8, 41, 87–90
corporate 40, 42, 78–9, 82–7
and editors 90–3
press barons 77–8, 79–82

Journalism

P
Pacino, Al 87
‘page three girls’ 63
Paine, Thomas 25–6, 133, 134
Pakistan 21
Palestinian suicide bombers 55
Pall Mall Gazette 30
Panorama 69
Paris-Match 81
Paris-Soir 81
patriotism 53
payments for stories 115, 116
PCC (Press Complaints
Commission) 6, 114–17
Pearl, Daniel 21
Pearsons 78, 89
Penguin Books 78
Pew Centre for the People and
the Press 120
Philippines 22
Pilger, John 8, 45–6
Poland 92
political journalists 3
156

Russia 22, 24, 35, 36–40, 44,
see also Soviet Union

Pullitzer, Joseph 31
Putin, President 38

Q

S

Qatar, emir of 54

R
radio 31, 38, 43, 86, 137
BBC 12–13
commercial 89, 97
digital 49, 130
news 11
Radio Liberty 38
rap music 15
Rapaczynski, Wanda 92
Reagan, President Ronald
42
reality television 34, 54, 60
The Record 31
Redford, Robert 110, 112
Reformation 24
regulation 17, 32–4, 60, 68,
103
ﬁnancial services 99, 121
self 114–17
television 12, 42–3
Reith Lectures 6, 120
researchers 122
Reuters news agency 30, 106
Rice, Donna 65
Robinson, Edward G. 109–10
Robinson, Geoffrey 92
Rockefeller Jr., John D. 100
Rolling Stone 119
Rosenstiel, Tom 85–6, 118–19,
121
Rowse, Arthur E. 40
royal family 98
157

Index

Saddam Hussain 50
Sambrook, Richard 72
San Jose Mercury News 82–3,
107
satellite television 2, 13, 35, 43,
49, 53, 54–5
Saudi Arabia 55
scandals 14, 68
ﬁnancial 35, 107
political 4, 72, 110, 112, 131
sex 30, 38, 131–3
Scandinavia 88
Schroder, Gerhard 103
Scoop (Waugh) 79, 81
SDP (Social Democratic Party)
103
Second World War (1939–45)
62, 137
self-regulation 28
sensationalism 62, 64–6
September 11th terrorist
attacks (2001) 13, 21, 23,
53, 55, 56, 57, 98, 130, 137
Serbs 49, 50
sex scandals 30, 38, 131–3
Seymour-Ure, Colin 83
Sgrena, Giuliana 23
Shannon, Richard 116
share prices 106–7
shareholders 90, 91
Shehadi, Nadim 54
Short, Clare 92
Sierra Leone 22
Simpson, O. J. 4, 73

Journalism

Swift, Jonathan 25
Switzerland 29

Singapore 28
60 Minutes 72
SkaT (Russian television
station) 36
Sky television 54
Smith, William Wolff 100
Social Democratic politicians
43–4
socialist parties 103
Sony 79
soundbites 54
sources 131, 134
South China Morning Post 27
Soviet Union 10, 35, 38, see
also Russia
Spain 79
Spencer, Earl 71
spin doctors 49, 92, 98–9, 104,
108
sponsors 8
sport 139
Springer, Axel 81
Stallone, Sylvester 71
stamp duty 29
The Star 62
Starr, Freddie 64
state broadcasting 5, 11
state-endorsed journalism 10
Stead, W. T. 30–1
Steele, Richard 25
stock markets 99, 106–7,
130
subscription-ﬁnanced
television 136
Sullivan, Andrew 138
Sun 31, 61, 63–5, 73, 116
Sunday Mirror 70
Sunday Times 9, 71
Superman ﬁlms 110, 113

T
tabloid newspapers 61–76, 81
bogus stories 116
ethics 110–11
foreign news coverage 51
‘sexploitation’ 30
Taiwan 123, 124
taxation 29, 30
Taylor, Elizabeth 71
television 31
competition with
newspapers 86
deregulation 42
digital 130–1
fake documentary sequences
68
guidelines 114
interactive services 126
‘investigative comedy’ 66
multi-channelled 43, 89, 130
ownership 87
product placement 98
regulation 12, 42–3
Russian 36–9
tabloid 60, 66, 68–9, 72–5,
see also BBC
television news 11–12, 60
American 15
celebrity journalists 8, 71–3
declining audiences for 45
historic images 137
multi-channel 89
terrorism 13, 21–4, 23, 39, 53,
55, 56, 57
text-messaging 15
158

media industry survey 88
New Democrats 103, 105
new wave in journalism 40
on-line news 15
Paine and 25, 26
public relations industry in
95–6, 97, 100–3
television news 13, 15, 42,
53–4
Vietnam War reporting 48
war with Spain 79
‘yellow press’ 31, see also
September 11th terrorist
attacks
US News and World Report
(news weekly) 40

Thailand 22
Thatcher, Margaret 42, 63
Tiananmen Square massacre
(1989) 32, 137
Time Inc 85
The Times 30, 48, 51, 61, 84
To Die For (2000) 110
tobacco industry 102
Tomalin, Nicolas 9, 11
trade unions 86
trial witnesses 116
trust 41, 60, 87, 117, 140, 142
crisis of 3–4
O’Neil lecture on 120–1, 143
politicians 108
spin doctors 99, 105–6
truth 118, 119
Turkmenistan 24
Turner, Ted 36
TV6 (Russian television
network) 37–8
24-hour news media 49, 51
Twopenny Dispatch 30

V

U

W

United States 4–5, 29, 123, 136
Congress’s Human Rights
Caucas 102
decline in newspaper
readership 15, 83
ethics regulation in 117–18
First Amendment to the
Constitution 5, 26, 40
government media funding
38, 55
government media
legislation 88–9
journalists 124

Wakeham, Lord 6
Wales 14
Wall Street 99, 106
Wall Street Journal 21, 28, 86
Walters, Barbara 71
‘war on terror’ 53, 54
war reporting 47–58, 79, 139
Washington Post 8, 40, 68, 72,
82, 86, 99, 110, 112, 135,
141–2
Washington Post Desbook on
Style 111, 121
159

Index

Vanity Fair magazine 74
Viacom 78
video material 97–8
Vietnam War 48
Vivendi 44, 79, 140
voters 45, 104

World Association of Press
Councils 115
World Press Freedom Day
(2002) 5
Worldcom 107
Wright, Hamilton 102

Watergate scandal 4, 72, 110,
112
Waugh, Evelyn 79, 81
Weaver, Professor David 123
web logging 15, 77, 122, 137–9,
140
Welles, Orson 80, 109
Westinghouse 78
Whitaker, Clem 103
Wilkes, John 25, 134
Winfrey, Oprah 73–4
Wolfe, Tom 95
Woodward, Bob 112

Y

Journalism

Yakhontov, Alexander 37
Yugoslav wars (1991–5) 49,
51
Yugoslavia 22

160

