The Crusades: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson

CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver

Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn

LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne

RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE
Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman

SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY John Parker
and Richard Rathbone
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Derrida Simon Glendinning
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
THE END OF THE WORLD
Bill McGuire
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
THE MIND Martin Davies
PERCEPTION Richard Gregory
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROMANTICISM Duncan Wu

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/vsi/

Christopher Tyerman

THE CRUSADES
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Christopher Tyerman 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as Fighting for Christendom 2004
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2005
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280655–6
978–0–19–280655–0
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
TJ International Ltd, Padstow, Cornwall

For
P. P. A. B.

This page intentionally left blank

Contents

Preface

xi

List of maps

xiii

List of illustrations
Introduction

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

Deﬁnition

xiv

1
12

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean 19
Crusades in the west

42

The impact of the Crusades
Holy war

64

The business of the cross
Holy lands 109
Conclusion

136

Further reading
Chronology
Index 154

148

145

86

53

This page intentionally left blank

Preface

While the 18th-century Scottish philosopher and historian David Hume
thought the Crusades ‘the most signal and most durable monument of
human folly that has yet appeared in any age or nation’, he admitted
they ‘engrossed the attention of Europe and have ever since engrossed
the curiosity of mankind’. The reasons for this are not hard to ﬁnd. The
twin themes of judgement on past violence and fascination with its
causes have ensured the survival of the Crusades as more than an inert
subject for antiquarians. Since Pope Urban II (1088–99) in 1095
answered a call for military help from the Byzantine emperor Alexius I
Comnenus (1081–1118), by summoning a vast army to ﬁght in the name
of God to liberate eastern Christianity and recover the Holy City of
Jerusalem, there have been few periods when the consequences of this
act have not gripped minds and imaginations, primarily in western
society but increasingly, since the 19th century, among communities
that have seen themselves as heirs to the victims of this form of religious
violence. With the history of the Crusades, modern interest is
compounded by spurious topicality and inescapable familiarity.
Ideological warfare and the pathology of acceptable communal violence
are embedded in the historical experience of civilization. Justiﬁcation
for war and killing for a noble cause never cease to ﬁnd modern
manifestations. The Crusades present a phenomenon so dramatic and
extreme in aspiration and execution and yet so rebarbative to modern
sensibilities, that they cannot fail to move both as a story and as an
expression of a society remote in time and attitudes yet apparently so

abundantly recognizable. Spread over ﬁve hundred years and across
three continents, the Crusades may not have deﬁned medieval Christian
Europe, yet they provide a most extraordinary feature that retains the
power to excite, appal, and disturb. They remain one of the great
subjects of European history. What follows is an attempt to explain why.
The phenomenon of violence justiﬁed by religious faith has ebbed and
ﬂowed, sometimes nearing the centre, sometimes retreating to the
margins of historical and contemporary consciousness. When I was
asked to write this short introduction to the Crusades, holy war,
Christian or otherwise, was not high on the public or political agenda.
Now when I have ﬁnished, it is. So this work conforms to a pattern
traced in what follows, of historical study relating to current events. My
views on that relationship will, I hope, become clear enough. What
remain hidden except to the lynx-eyed are the debts to many other
scholars, colleagues, and friends from whom I have learnt so much and
should have remembered so much more. They must forgive a collective
thanks. The faults in this libellus are mine not theirs. The dedication is a
very small recompense for incalculable muniﬁcence of advice, support,
and friendship over so many years, in dark days as well as bright
evenings of exhausting but inexhaustible hospitality.
C. J. T.
Oxford
22 May 2005

List of maps

A.
B.

Medieval Europe and its frontiers 20
Europe and the Mediterranean: Christianity and its
non-Christian neighbours 24

C.
D.

The Near East in the 12th century 27
The Crusader states of Outremer 28

E.
F.
G.
H.

The Spanish Reconquista 46
The Baltic 49
The Aegean in the 13th and 14th centuries
The castles of Outremer 112

55

List of illustrations

1

Richard I as crusader

4

6 Fifteenth-century
drawing of the Edicule of
the Holy Sepulchre
15

Illustration by John Kenney from
Richard the Lionheart by L. du
Garde Peach. © Ladybird Books
Ltd, 1965, reproduced by
permission of Ladybird Books
Ltd.

2 Saladin and Richard I

Badische Landesbibliothek,
Karlsruhe (St Peter pap. 32,
fol. 45 verso). Photo: © Badische
Landesbibliothek

5

7 Pilgrim returning from
Jerusalem – P. Michel,
Les Fresques de Travant
(Paris 1944)
17

Illustration by John Kenney from
Richard the Lionheart by L. du
Garde Peach. © Ladybird Books
Ltd, 1965, reproduced by
permission of Ladybird Books
Ltd.

By permission of the British
Library (LR 430 n 9, pl. XIX)

3 President Assad’s Saladin,
Damascus 1992
6

8 The loss of the relic of the
True Cross at the battle
of Hattin, 1187
31

© Benno Graziani/Photo12.com

Corpus Christi College,
Cambridge (MS 26, p. 279). By
permission of the Master and
Fellows of Corpus Christi College

4 Richard I and Jerusalem,
1917
11
© Punch Ltd

5 Urban II in 1095

13

Bibliothèque nationale de France,
Paris (MS Lat. 17716 fol. 9 recto).
Photo: © Bibliothèque nationale
de France

9

Frederick Barbarossa as
crusader
33
Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana
(MS Vat Lat 2001 fol 1 recto).
Photo: Biblioteca Apostolica
Vaticana

10

Twelfth-century plan of
the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre
35
Österreichische
Nationalbibliothek, Vienna
(NB 24376). Photo:
© Österreichische
Nationalbibliothek

11

Muslim Christian
warfare in Spain –
Candigas de Santa
Maria, Monastery
of Escurial, Madrid

16

A medieval world
map

17

Mamluks at military
exercises

18

Thirteenth-century
English crusader
knight

19
54

Jerusalem

119

Saint James ﬁghting
the Moors, attrib.
Circle of Juan de
Flandes
123
Museo Lázaro Galdiano,
Madrid. Photo: © Museo
Lázaro Galdiano

60

20 Louis IX at Damietta 133
Bibliothèque nationale de France,
Paris (MS fr. 2628, fol. 328).
Photo: © Bibliothèque nationale
de France

84

By permission of the British
Library (MS Royal 2A XXII,
fol. 220)

15

114

Koninklijke Bibliotheek, The
Hague (MS 76 F5 fol. I recto).
Photo: © Koninklijke
Bibliotheek

48

By permission of the British
Library (Add MS 18866,
fol. 8140)

14

Crac des Chevaliers
© Jane Taylor/Sonia Halliday
Photographs

By permission of the British
Library (MS Roy 14C IX fol. 1)

13

95

Bibliothèque nationale de France,
Paris (MS fr. 4274, fol. 6).
Photo: © Bibliothèque nationale
de France

Institut Amatller d’Art Hispanic,
Barcelona. Photo: © Arxiu Mas

12

Embarking on
Crusade

Bernard of Clairvaux at
Vézelay – by E. Signol,
1838
87

21

Cook’s Crusader 1898 141
© Punch Ltd

22 Saladin and Saddam
Hussein – Iraqi
propaganda, 1980s
143
© Sipa Press/Rex Features

Musée national du Château de
Versailles, France. Photo:
© ARJ/Photo12.com

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

This page intentionally left blank

Introduction

Between 1189 and 1191, a cosmopolitan army of western invaders
besieged the Palestinian coastal city of Acre, modern Akko. Their
camp resembled the trenches of the Western Front during the First
World War, fetid, disease-ridden, and dangerous. One story
circulated to boost morale concerned the heroic death in battle a
few years earlier of a knight from Touraine in France, Jakelin de
Mailly. A member of the Military Order of Knights Templar, a
soldier who had taken religious vows of poverty, chastity, and
obedience in order to devote his life to protecting Christians and
their conquests in Syria and Palestine, Jakelin had been killed
ﬁghting a Muslim raiding party in Galilee on 1 May 1187. In
describing what proved to be a massacre of the Christians, the story
had Jakelin ﬁghting on alone, hopelessly outnumbered and
surrounded. The chronicler who recorded the story before 1192,
possibly an Englishman and certainly a veteran of the siege of Acre,
is worth quoting in full:
He was not afraid to die for Christ. At long last, crushed rather than
conquered by spears, stones and lances, he sank to the ground and
joyfully passed to heaven with the martyr’s crown, triumphant. It
was indeed a gentle death with no place for sorrow, when one man’s
sword had constructed such a great crown for himself from the
crowd laid all around him. Death is sweet when the victor lies
encircled by the impious people he has slain with his victorious right
hand . . . The place where he fought was covered with the stubble
1

which the reapers had left standing when they had cut the grain
shortly before. Such a great number of Turks had rushed in to
attack, and this one man had fought for so long against so many
battalions, that the ﬁeld in which they stood was completely reduced
to dust and there was not a trace of the crop to be seen. It is said that
there were some who sprinkled the body of the dead man with dust
and placed dust on their heads, believing that they would draw
courage from the contact. In fact, rumour has it that one person was
moved with more fervour than the rest. He cut off the man’s
genitals, and kept them safe for begetting children so that even
when dead the man’s members – if such a thing were possible –

The Crusades

would produce an heir with courage as great as his.

Except possibly for the suggestion of sexual fetishism, this story,
which would not have convinced all who heard it by any means,
represented a standard piece of crusade propaganda. Crusading,
ﬁghting for God in return for a promise of salvation, placed a
premium on courage, physical prowess, martial skill, and religious
conviction. As such, little separated it from other forms of organized
violence. Yet the tale of Jakelin de Mailly emphasized certain
features particularly characteristic of the Crusades, especially the
belief or assertion that violence for the faith will earn heavenly
reward. The killer, already a professed religious, becomes a holy
man, a martyr, a witness for his God. Such is the hero’s spiritual
potency that his physical remains retain a powerful material charge
to confer his human qualities to others, even posthumously through
his sexual organs. His horrible, violent death was interpreted as
‘gentle’ and ‘sweet’; his memory provided inspiration; his remains
were thought to convey virtue. Death was a completion but no
conclusion.
On the face of it, few mentalities – enthusiastic for violence, ﬁxed
on an afterlife – could be less accessible to modern observers in
the western cultural tradition than this. Yet no aspect of Christian
medieval history enjoys clearer modern recognition than the
Crusades, nor has been more subject to egregious distortion. Most
2

The word ‘crusade’, a non-medieval Franco-Spanish hybrid only
popularized in English since the 18th century, has entered the
Anglo-American language as a synonym for a good cause vigorously
pursued, from paciﬁc Christian evangelism to militant temperance.
However ﬂoridly and misleadingly romantic, the image of mailed
knights bearing crosses on surcoats and banners, ﬁghting for their
faith under an alien sun, occupies a familiar niche in the façade of
modern western perceptions of the past. Despite, or perhaps
because of, its lack of context, it remains the indelible image of
crusading in popular culture, shared even by the sculptors of the
late President Assad of Syria. Iconography is never innocent.
Assad’s Damascus Saladin is defeating the Christians at their own
imperialist game as surely as the Ladybird’s Saladin and Richard I
are playing out some 19th-century cultural minuet. Polemicists and
politicians know – or should know – that to invoke the Crusades is
to stir deep cultural myths, assumptions, and prejudices, a fact
recognized by Pope John Paul II’s apology to Jews, Muslims, and
3

Introduction

of what passes in public as knowledge of the Crusades is either
misleading or false. The Crusades were not solely wars against
Islam in Palestine. They were not chieﬂy conducted by land-hungry
younger sons, nor were they part of some early attempt to impose
western economic hegemony on the world. More fundamentally,
they did not represent an aberration from Christian teaching.
Nonetheless, interest and invention exist as two sides of the same
historical coin. That in part explains why the world of Jakelin de
Mailly and his eulogist has not been consigned to the same
obscurity as that of medieval scholastics or ﬂagellants; that and the
drama of the events themselves. Jakelin’s death in a desperate and
foolhardy skirmish in the Galilean hills may arouse only modest
interest. But his presence two thousand miles from his homeland;
the cause for which he swore religious vows, fought, and died; the
region for which he battled; and the memorable historical ﬁgures
drawn into the conﬂict in which he served have ensured his
endeavour and sacriﬁce can still touch a nerve. That is the excuse
for this book.

1. Richard I as a romantic warrior hero, depicted in the children’s
Ladybird History Richard the Lionheart (1965). The contrast between
the imposing ﬁgure of Richard and the semi-clad ‘native’ opponents
speaks of a marriage between lingering 19th-century imperialism and
stock fabrications of popular neo-medievalism.
4

2. Eastern sophistication confronts western brute force. In this
ﬁctional encounter, from the Ladybird Richard the Lionheart, Richard I
has broken an iron bar with his great sword while Saladin’s delicately
sharp scimitar cuts a silk handkerchief. This typology traces its ancestry
to Gibbon in the 18th century and beyond.
5

3. Saladin as a modern Islamic hero. The statue shows Saladin as victor of Hattin, with an infantryman and a suﬁ – sword
and faith. It was commissioned by the city of Damascus, Syria, in 1992.

Eastern Orthodox Christians for the intolerance and violence
inﬂicted by Catholic warriors of the cross. Although it is difﬁcult to
see how even Christ’s Vicar on earth can apologize for events in
which he did not participate, over which he had no control, and for
which he bore no responsibility, this intellectually muddled gesture
acknowledged the continued inherent potency of crusading, a story
that can still move, outrage, and inﬂame. One of the groups led by
the fundamentalist religious terrorist Usama bin Laden was known
as ‘The World Islamic Front for Crusade against Jews and
Crusaders’. To understand medieval crusading for itself and to
explain its survival may be regarded as an urgent contemporary
task, one for which historians must take responsibility. To this dual
study of history and historiography, of the Crusades and what could
be called their post-history, this is a brief introduction.

Crusading has left a physical imprint on Europe. Most obviously,
impressive sites associated with crusading or the military
orders remain, such as Aigues Mortes in the Rhone Delta, from
where Louis IX of France embarked for Egypt in 1248, or the

7

Introduction

Casual modern acquaintance with the Crusades stems from the
wide dissemination of crusading motifs from the early 19th century,
a rather precious, sentimental vision of an invented medieval past,
as in Walter Scott’s popular and inﬂuential Ivanhoe and The
Talisman, the latter actually set during the Third Crusade. A
similar sentimentality infected continental responses; romantic
images of crusaders became a stock in trade for artists and poets.
The cultural familiarity on which the force of these works relied
was maintained into the 20th and 21st centuries chieﬂy by the
popular media of Hollywood, television, and imaginative literature,
not all of it describing itself as ﬁction. Crossovers between history
and entertainment at least suggest a market, if only for what the
great American crusader scholar of the ﬁrst half of the 20th
century, J. La Monte, forensically described as ‘worthless
pseudo-historical trash’.

The Crusades

14th-century headquarters of the Teutonic Knights at
Marienburg in Prussia (now Malbork in Poland). Some reminders
invoke a sombre message: the plaque at Clifford’s Tower in York
commemorates the Jews who died there in March 1190, victims by
murder and suicide of Yorkshire crusaders. More intimate
evocation of personal responses and the strenuous conviction of
individuals thirty to ﬁfty generations ago can be found in quiet
corners like the 11th-century church at Bosham, Hampshire, on the
edge of Chichester Harbour, whose great chancel arch saw Harold
Godwineson on his way across the Channel to a fateful meeting
with Duke William of Normandy in 1064 and earned a place in the
Bayeux Tapestry. Crosses etched deep in the stone of the door jambs
and a cross of Jerusalem more lightly scratched on a nearby pillar,
whether marks of anxious hope on departure or of thankful relief at
a safe return, speak directly of a physical ideal, witness in almost the
ultimate degree of devotion to a belief in the tangibility of the divine
that allowed ordinary, faithful laymen, through their own action
and the material relics of their God and His Saints, to touch
Paradise. That identical crosses can also be seen incised on the walls
of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem emphasizes both
the startling reality of the experience of pilgrims and crusaders and
the gulf between their age and our own. Yet, such memorials leave a
trace in the mind.
Visible reminders are strewn across the modern landscape. In
London alone, without the Crusades there would be no shopping in
Knightsbridge, no cricket at St John’s Wood, no law at the Temple –
all places that derive their names from the medieval landlords of
these suburbs, the Military Orders of the Temple and of the
Hospital of St John, religious orders originally established to
succour and protect pilgrims to Jerusalem in the aftermath of its
conquest by the ﬁrst crusaders in 1099. Linguistic and material
survivals are matched by a more urgent and in some cases more
insidious recognition that has woven the memory of crusading into
some of the more intractable modern political problems, the Arab–
Israeli conﬂict, responses to Terrorism, religious inter-faith conﬂict,
8

the origins of western racism and anti-Semitism, and the nature of
and reaction to European and American political and cultural
imperialism.

By turns, crusading has been variously interpreted. It has been
presented as warfare to defend a beleaguered Faith or the ultimate
expression of secular piety. Alternatively, some have regarded it as a
decisive ecclesiastical compromise with base secular habits; a
deﬁning commitment of the church to accommodate the spiritual
aspirations of the laity. As the admired pinnacle of ambition for a
ruling military elite, crusading is portrayed as an agent as well as
symbol of religious, cultural, or ethnic identity or even superiority; a
9

Introduction

Yet here lurks a paradox. The continuing popular and political
resonance of crusading feeds on an historical phenomenon that,
both in its own time and later, has lacked objective precision in
deﬁnition, practice, perception, or approval. In the Middle Ages
there existed no single word for what are now known as the
Crusades. While those who took the cross were described as
crucesignati – people (not exclusively male) signed with the cross –
their activities tended to be described by analogy, euphemism,
metaphor, or generality: peregrinatio, pilgrimage; via or iter, way
or journey; crux, literally cross; negotium, business. This allowed
for a ﬂexibility of target and ideology that was matched by a
concentration in canon law (the law of the church) on the behaviour
of the crusader and the implications of the various privileges
associated with the activity rather than any general theoretical
formula speciﬁcally deﬁning a legal concept of a crusade. Thus at
the heart of this form of Christian warfare lay a possibly convenient
ambiguity of ideas and action that spawned a wide diversity of
responses. The wars of the cross, initiated to regain Jerusalem for
Christianity in 1095 and extended over the next few generations to
encompass a wide variety of violence against the Catholic Church’s
perceived external and internal foes, have been understood by
participants, contemporaries, and later observers in a protean
variety of ways.

The Crusades

vehicle for personal or communal aggrandizement, commercial
expansion, or political conquest. More narrowly, the Crusades
appear as an expression of the authority of the papacy in imposing
order and uniformity within Christendom as well as securing its
external frontiers. Conﬂicting assessments of the Crusades have
described them as manifestations of religious love, by Christians for
fellow believers and by God for His people; an experiment in
European colonialism; an example of recrudescent western racism;
an excuse and incentive for religious persecution, ethnic cleansing,
and acts of barbarism; or a noble cause. Steven Runciman, the bestknown and most inﬂuential anglophone Crusade historian of the
20th century, imperishably condemned the whole enterprise as ‘one
long act of intolerance in the name of God which is the sin against
the Holy Ghost’.
Even shorn of present prejudices and preoccupations, the history of
the Crusades throws up concerns central to all societies, from the
forging of identities through the communal force of shared faith
and the use and abuse of legitimate violence to the nature of
political authority and organized religion. Crusading exempliﬁes
the exploitation of the fear of what sociologists call ‘the other’, alien
peoples or concepts ranged against which social groups can ﬁnd or
be given cohesion: Communism and Capitalism; Democracy and
Fascism; Christians and non-Christians; Whites and Non-Whites;
Them and Us. There can be no indifference to such issues. That is
why the study of the Crusades possesses an importance beyond the
conﬁnes of academic scholarship. Equally, there can be no
summoning of the past to take sides in the present. Plundering
history to deliver modern indictments serves no rational or benign
purpose. To observe the past through the lens of the present invites
delusion; so too does ignoring the existence of that lens. However,
the burden of understanding lies on us to appreciate the world of
the past, not on the past to provide ours with facile precedents or
good stories, although of the latter the Crusades supply plenty.

10

4. ‘At last my dream comes true.’ Punch’s response to the entry of
General Allenby into Jerusalem in December 1917. Note the Union Jack
ﬂying over the Jaffa Gate to the left of the cartoon. In fact, Allenby
carefully avoided any demonstration of overt imperialist or Christian
triumph, making his entry on foot.
11

Chapter 1
Deﬁnition

At a council of the Church held at Clermont in the French Auvergne
in November 1095 a decree was issued that marked a new beginning
in western Christianity’s use of war to further its religious mission.
Whoever for devotion alone, not to gain honour or money, goes to
Jerusalem to liberate the Church of God can substitute this journey
for all penance.

This decree did not invent Christian violence. Nor did it deﬁne
precise terms of a revolution in thought or practice, or determine
how future generations would employ the precedent. Coming half
way through a preaching tour of France conducted by Pope Urban
II (1088–95), the Clermont assembly was best remembered not for
the legal authority granted by the decree but for the pope’s sermon
at the end of the council on 27 November. What the pope said is not
known. Witnesses and later commentators subsequently depicted
him as delivering a rousing call to arms to the ﬁghting classes of
western Europe to recover the Holy City of Jerusalem, insisting that
this was no ordinary act of temporal warfare but a task enjoined on
the faithful by God Himself, a message echoed back in the cries of
‘Deus lo volt!’ – ‘God wills it!’ – said to have greeted Urban’s words.
To provide a focus for commitment and a sign of distinction, Urban
instituted the ceremonial granting of crosses to those who had
sworn to undertake the Jerusalem journey. Thus they became
‘signed with the cross’, crucesignati.
12

Over the following century writers in western European
vernaculars began to describe these wars in similar terms –
crozeia, crozea, or even crozada in early 13th-century southern
French (langue d’oc). The appropriation of Christianity’s most
numinous symbol, as badge, banner, and talisman, followed
naturally from the pope’s conception of the enterprise to liberate
‘the Holy City of Christ, embellished by his passion and
resurrection’. Observers and veterans of the enterprise understood
the pope to have called for Christ-like sacriﬁce in obedience to the
gospel command: ‘If any man will come after me, let him deny
himself, and take up his cross, and follow me’ (Matthew 16:24). All
Hebrew accounts of the 1096 massacres of Rhineland Jews by the
passing Christian armies emphasized that the butchers wore the
sign of the cross.
13

Deﬁnition

5. Urban II (on the left, his hand raised in blessing) consecrates the new
church at his alma mater, the Burgundian abbey of Cluny, a month
before he proclaimed the First Crusade at Clermont in 1095.

The Crusades

The memory of Urban’s rhetoric at Clermont played a central role
in how the events prompted by his speech were later portrayed,
providing a convenient start to narratives of the startling
consequences of the pope’s preaching. Urban’s decree explicitly
proclaimed a holy war in which the effort of the campaign,
including the ﬁghting and the inevitable slaughter, could be
regarded as equivalent to strenuous performance of penance
provided it had been undertaken devoutly. The cause may have
been seen as just, but that was not the point. This was an act of total
self-abnegating faith demanded by God, hence the language of
unrealistic absolutes that failed to match military, social, and
psychological reality, an ideal to inspire and against which deeds
could be judged. The Clermont decree instituted a holy war, its
cause and motive religious, an act of Christian charity for ‘the love
of God and their neighbour’ (the eastern Christians). As well as
combining violence with a transcendent moral imperative, Urban
appealed to a form of ‘primitive religious nostalgia’ embodied in the
ambiguously liminal Holy City of Jerusalem, lost to Christendom
since its capture by the Muslims in 638 yet central to Christian
imagination as the scene of the Cruciﬁxion and Resurrection. Here,
according to Christian texts familiar through the Mass and liturgy,
earth touched heaven. In a short space, the Clermont decree
identiﬁed reasons for the massive response: the certainties of faith;
fear of damnation; temporal self-image; material, social, and
supernatural proﬁt; the attraction of warfare for a military
aristocracy; an unequivocally good cause; and an iconic objective
of loud resonance in the imaginative world of western Christians.
It proved to be a formula of sustained power for the rest of the
Middle Ages.
What we today call a crusade could be described as a war answering
God’s command, authorized by a legitimate authority, the pope,
who, by virtue of the power seen as vested in him as Vicar of Christ,
identiﬁed the war’s object and offered to those who undertook it full
remission of the penalties of confessed sins and a package of related
temporal privileges, including church protection of family and
14

6. A 15th-century drawing by a German pilgrim of the Edicule
(small house) built over the Holy Sepulchre within the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre, the physical destination of so many pilgrims and
crusaders over the previous four centuries.
15

The Crusades

property, immunity from law suits and interest repayments on debt.
The beneﬁciary earned these grants by swearing a vow symbolized
in a ritual adoption of a cross, blessed by a priest and worn on the
recipient’s clothing, the vow often being couched in terms parallel
to those for a pilgrimage. The duration of the spiritual and temporal
privileges was determined by the fulﬁlment of the vow, by
absolution or by death. Those dying in battle or otherwise in
fulﬁlment of their vow could expect eternal salvation and to be
regarded as martyrs. At every stage, analogies with a quasimonastic commitment were drawn, associating the activity with
what remained the ideal conception of the perfect Christian
spiritual life. Although details of the operation of the vow and its
associated privileges developed over the following century or more
to cover a multiplicity of political and ecclesiastical concerns, the
ﬁrst appearance and original justiﬁcation for such a holy war in
1095 was the recovery of Jerusalem from Muslim rule. Thereafter,
the Holy Land retained a primacy in rhetoric, imagination, and, for
many centuries, ideology.

Numbering the crusades
Historians organize the past to help them make sense of the
evidence. In doing so they run the risk of becoming imprisoned by
their own artiﬁce. Between 1095 and, say, 1500 there were scores of
military operations that attracted the privileges associated with the
wars of the cross. Yet only a few later became known by a number,
all of them aimed at Muslim targets in and around Syria and
Palestine in the eastern Mediterranean. Obviously, the nobles,
knights, foot soldiers, unarmed pilgrims, and hangers-on who
answered Urban II’s appeal in 1095–6 did not know they were
embarking on the ﬁrst of anything; they were told their efforts were
in a unique cause. Subsequent events altered perceptions. The
promoters of the next comparable eastern campaign, in 1146–9,
invoked the precedent of 1095–6, casting into shadow smaller
expeditions that had embarked to aid the Christian cause in the east
in the interim. Thus, in the eyes of later scholars, the 1146 crusade
16

7. The crusade as a penitential exercise was intimately linked to the
practice of pilgrimage. Here, in a wall-painting from St Nicholas
Church, Travant, France, a 12th-century pilgrim is shown returning
from Jerusalem bearing a palm leaf as evidence of the completion of his
journey. Palm leaves could be bought in the Street of Palms in the Holy
City.
17

The Crusades

became the Second Crusade. Subsequent numbering followed suit,
attached only to general, large-scale international assaults intended
to reach the Holy Land. Hence the inclusion in the canon of the
Fourth Crusade (1202–4) that planned to attack Egypt, although
getting no further than Constantinople. Other crusades are deﬁned
by objective, location, participants, or motive. Hence the
Albigensian Crusades describe the wars against religious heretics in
southern France around Albi between 1209 and 1229. The Baltic
Crusades were campaigns launched against local pagan tribes of the
region for two and a half centuries from the mid-12th century. The
Peasants’ (1096), Children’s (1212), and Shepherds’ (1251, 1320)
Crusades speak for themselves, socially pigeon-holed by historians’
(and contemporary) snobbery. The wars directed from the 13th
century against papal enemies in Europe are called, somewhat
judgementally, ‘Political’, as if all crusades, like all wars, were not
political. The dozens of lesser crusades to the Holy Land not
deemed large or glamorous enough have remained unnumbered.
To add to the confusion, even within the canon, historians have
disagreed over some numbers attached to Holy Land crusades in
the 13th century. Some see Frederick II of Germany’s crusade of
1228–9 that brieﬂy restored Jerusalem as the Sixth Crusade; others
as the last campaign of the Fifth Crusade summoned in 1213. Louis
IX of France’s Egyptian campaign of 1248–50 (the Sixth or Seventh
depending on the view taken of Frederick II) and his campaign to
Tunis in 1270 (the Eighth or Ninth) are not now generally described
by number. Such games are not new. In the early 18th century some
historians stuck to ﬁve (1096, 1146, 1190, 1217–29, and 1248) while
others counted eight. Most modern historians, content to number
crusades until the Fifth (beginning in 1213), thereafter dispense
with numbering.

18

Chapter 2
Crusades in the
eastern Mediterranean

The First Crusade, 1095–9
Between 1095 and the end of the Middle Ages, western Europeans
fought or planned wars broadly understood as being in defence or
promotion of their religion throughout the eastern Mediterranean,
in the Iberian peninsula, the Baltic, and within Christendom itself.
Yet no campaign rivalled the ﬁrst in impact or memory.
Contemporaries and subsequent generations have been astonished
and moved by the exploits of the armies and ﬂeets from western
Europe that forced their way into the Near East between 1096 and
1099 to capture Jerusalem in distant Palestine. Excited western
intellectuals employed the language of theology: for one, ‘the
greatest miracle since the Resurrection’; for another, ‘a new way of
salvation’, almost a renewal of God’s covenant with His people.
The expedition arose out of a speciﬁc social, religious, ecclesiastical,
and political context. Western Europe was held together by a
military aristocracy whose power rested on control of local
resources by force and inheritance as much as by civil law. The
availability of large numbers of arms bearers, nobles and their
retinues, with sufﬁcient funds or patronage to undertake such an
expedition, was matched by an awareness of the sinfulness of their
customary activities and a desire for penance. For them, holy
violence was familiar and Jerusalem possessed overwhelming
numinous resonance. The invitation from the eastern Christian
19

A. Medieval Europe and its frontiers

emperor of Byzantium (Constantinople), Alexius I Comnenus to
Pope Urban suited the new papal policy of asserting supremacy over
both Church and State developed over the previous half century. An
earlier scheme by Pope Gregory VII (1073–85) to lead an army
eastwards to Jerusalem had come to nothing in 1074. This time,
Urban II, already a sponsor of war against the Muslims in Spain,
seized on the opportunity to promote papal authority in temporal
affairs. From its inception, crusading represented a practical
expression of papal ideology, leadership, and power.

21

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

The opportunity was no accident. Alexius I had been recruiting
western knights and mercenaries for years. A usurper, he needed
military success to shore up his domestic position. The death in
1092 of Malik Shah, Turkish sultan of Baghdad, was followed by
the disintegration of his empire in Syria, Palestine, and Iraq. This
offered Alexius a chance to restore Byzantine control over Asia
Minor and northern Syria lost to the Turks since their victory over
the Byzantines at Manzikert in 1071. For this he needed western
troops. For political convenience the pope was an obvious and ready
ally to choose. Once he had received the Byzantine ambassadors
early in 1095, Urban transformed their request for military aid into
a campaign of religious revivalism, its justiﬁcation couched in
cosmological and eschatological terms. The pope himself led the
recruitment drive with a preaching tour of his homeland, France,
between August 1095 and September 1096 that reached its deﬁning
moment at Clermont. With the kings of France and Germany
excommunicated, the king of England, William II Rufus, in dispute
with the pope, and the Spanish monarchs preoccupied with their
own Muslim frontier, the pope concentrated on the higher nobility,
the dukes, counts, and lords, while casting his net wide.
Recruitment stretched from southern Italy and Sicily to Lombardy,
across great swathes of France from Aquitaine and Provence to
Normandy, Flanders and into the Low Countries, western Germany,
the Rhineland, the North Sea region, and Denmark, although both
Latin and Arabic sources dubbed them collectively as ‘Franks’ –
Franci, al-ifranji. A recent guess puts the number of ﬁghting men

The Crusades

reaching Asia Minor in 1096–7 at between 50,000 and 70,000,
excluding the non-combatant pilgrims who used the military
exodus as protection for their own journeys.
The ﬁrst to set out for the agreed muster point of Constantinople in
spring and summer 1096 included forces from Lombardy, northern
and eastern France, the Rhineland, and southern Germany. One of
their leaders was a charismatic Picard preacher known as Peter the
Hermit. Some contemporaries attributed the genesis of the whole
enterprise to Peter, who allegedly had been badly treated by the
Turkish rulers of Jerusalem when on pilgrimage some years earlier.
Although unlikely to have been the expedition’s instigator, Peter
certainly played a signiﬁcant role in recruitment, possibly with
papal approval, and was able to muster a substantial army within
three and a half months of the council of Clermont. Elements of
these Franco-German contingents conducted vicious anti-Jewish
pogroms the length of the Rhineland in May and June 1096, before
moving east down the Danube. Together, these armies have been
dismissed as ‘the Peasants’ Crusade’. This is a misnomer. Although
containing fewer nobles and mounted knights than the later armies,
these forces were far from the rabbles of legend and contemporary
polemic. They possessed cohesion, funds, and leadership, managing
to complete the long march to Constantinople largely intact and in
good time. One of the commanders, Walter Sans Avoir, was not, as
many have assumed, ‘Penniless’ – Sans Avoir is a place (in the Seine
valley), not a condition. However, discipline proved hard to
maintain. After crossing the Bosporus into Asia in August 1096,
these armies were annihilated by the Turks in September and
October, only a matter of weeks before the ﬁrst of the princely-led
armies reached Constantinople.
Behind Peter’s expeditionary forces came six large armies from
northern France, Lorraine, Flanders, Normandy, Provence, and
southern Italy. Although the Provençal leader, Count Raymond IV
of Toulouse, had been consulted by Urban II in 1095–6 and
travelled with the pope’s representative, or legate, Adhemar, bishop
22

The ﬁnal march on Jerusalem (January to June 1099) was
accompanied by reports of more miracles and visions, increasing
the sense of the army being an instrument of Divine Providence.
However, the crusaders may have been single-minded, pious, and
brutal, but they were neither stupid nor ignorant. Their advance
had taken account of local politics at every stage, notably the
chronic divisions among their Muslim opponents that prevented
united resistance. Amicable negotiations with the Egyptians, who
had themselves conquered Jerusalem from the Turks in 1098, lasted
for two years before collapsing only a few weeks before the
westerners reached the Holy City. The ﬁnal assault on Jerusalem
(June to July 1099) was crowned with success on 15 July; the
ensuing massacre shocked Muslim and Jewish opinion. Western
23

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

of Le Puy, there was no single commander. The most effective ﬁeld
general proved to be Bohemund of Taranto, head of the Normans
from southern Italy. Arriving at Constantinople between November
1096 and June 1097, each leader was persuaded or forced to offer an
oath of fealty to Alexius I, who, in return, provided money,
provisions, guides, and a regiment of troops. After the capture of
Nicaea, capital of the Turkish sultanate of Rum (Asia Minor) in
June 1097, the campaign fell into four distinct phases. An arduous
march across Asia Minor to Syria (June to October 1097) that saw a
major but close-run victory over the Turks north of Doryleaum
(1 July) was followed by the siege and then defence of Antioch in
northern Syria (October 1097 to June 1098). One contingent from
the main army under Baldwin of Boulogne established control of
the Armenian city of Edessa beyond the Euphrates. As their
difﬁculties proliferated, the depleted western army increasingly
regarded themselves as under the special care of God, a view
reinforced by visions, the apparently miraculous discovery at
Antioch of the Holy Lance that was said to have pierced Christ’s side
on the Cross, and the victory a few days later (28 June 1098) over a
numerically much superior Muslim army from Mosul. From June
1098 until January 1099, the Christian army remained in northern
Syria, living off the land and squabbling over the spoils.

B. Europe and the Mediterranean: Christianity and its non-Christian neighbours
24

25

observers described it approvingly, in apocalyptic terms. Their
triumph secured by defeating an Egyptian relief army at Ascalon
(12 August), most of the surviving crusaders returned to the west.
By 1100, as few as 300 knights were left in southern Palestine. Of
the upwards of 100,000 who had left for Jerusalem in 1096, and of
those who had caught up with them during the following three
years, perhaps no more than 14,000 reached Jerusalem in June
1099. Urban II had been right: the war of the cross had proved a
very severe penance indeed.

The Crusades

The 12th century and the Second
Crusade, 1145–9
After the First Crusade’s establishment of bridgeheads at
Antioch in Syria and Jerusalem in Palestine, four principalities
were carved out on the Levantine mainland: the kingdom of
Jerusalem (1099–1291); the principality of Antioch (1098–1268);
the county of Edessa (1098–1144); and the county of Tripoli
(1102–1289). Collectively these territories were known as
Outremer, the land overseas. The eastern crusades were directed
at expanding, defending, or restoring these conquests. In the
ﬁrst half of the 12th century, with Jerusalem in Christian
hands, the pilgrim trade exploded, while campaigning in the
Holy Land became part of chivalric training for some high-born
nobles as well as a martial accessory to pilgrimage. A number
of modest expeditions helped conquer the ports, plains, and
immediate hinterland of the Syrio-Palestinian coast (for
example, those of King Sigurd of Norway, 1109–10; Fulk V of
Anjou, 1120 and 1128; and the doge of Venice, 1123–4).
Increasingly, the model of penitential war was used on other
Christian frontiers, such as Spain, and against papal enemies
within Christendom.
However, the Holy Land retained its primacy as a goal of holy war.
The precedent of the First Crusade ensured that a new general
summons to arms received an enthusiastic response. In December
26

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

C. The Near East in the 12th century

1144, the Turkish warlord Zengi, ruler of Mosul and Aleppo
(1128–46), captured Edessa, massacring the Frankish inhabitants.
In response, Pope Eugenius III (1145–53) launched a fresh crusade
with a bull (that is, a circular letter, so called after its seal, or bulla)
that recited the heroics of 1096–9 as well as explaining the detailed
privileges available to those who took the cross. In contrast with
Urban II, Eugenius eagerly enrolled monarchs – Louis VII of
27

D. The crusader states of Outremer
28

There they found the remnants of the great German and French
land armies. Arriving close together at Constantinople in
September and October 1147 after following the land route through
central Europe, each was defeated by Turkish forces in Asia Minor.
The large German force was destroyed near Dorylaeum in October,
King Conrad narrowly escaping but wounded. The French, having
earlier rejected an offer of sea transport by King Roger II of Sicily,
although badly mauled in western Asia Minor in the winter of
1147–8, managed to reach the port of Adalia, only for Louis VII to
abandon his infantry and sail directly to Syria with an army of
ofﬁcers but few men. The subsequent Holy Land campaign failed
utterly. Conrad III managed to reconstruct some sort of army from
the crusaders who had sailed from Lisbon. With Louis VII and the
king of Jerusalem, Baldwin III (1143–63), he led an attack on
Damascus (23–28 July 1148) that ended in a hasty enforced
29

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

France (1137–80) and Conrad III of Germany (1138–52). Recruiting
lay chieﬂy in the hands of Abbot Bernard of Clairvaux (1090–1153),
the dominant ecclesiastic and spiritual publicist of his generation
who conducted a highly effective preaching tour of France,
Flanders, and the Rhineland in 1146–7. Bernard’s message of
intolerance to Christ’s enemies spilled over into more anti-Jewish
violence in the Rhineland, although this was rather disingenuously
blamed on a maverick monk called Rudolph. While the pope
authorized separate crusading wars in Spain, Bernard allowed a
group of disgruntled Saxon nobles to commute their Holy Land
vows to ﬁghting on the Baltic German/Slav frontier, which they did
without conspicuous success or adherence to holy war in the
summer of 1147. One substantial body of recruits from Frisia (a
northeastern province of Germany, bordering the North Sea), the
Rhineland, Flanders, northern France, and England, travelling east
by sea, helped King Alfonso Henriques of Portugal (1139–85)
capture Lisbon from the Moors (24 October 1147) after a brutal
four-month siege. Some remained to settle, but most embarked for
the Mediterranean the following spring, some ﬁnding service in the
Spanish siege of Tortosa but the bulk reaching the Holy Land.

withdrawal as the Christians lacked the resources for a prolonged
siege or to protect themselves from Muslim relief armies. The
disaster led to bitter recriminations and accusations of treachery
that scandalized the west, casting the whole idea of such
expeditions in doubt.

The Crusades

The Third Crusade, 1188–92
The four decades after the failed attack on Damascus in 1148
witnessed a gradual erosion of the strategic position of Outremer.
The uniﬁcation of Syria under Zengi’s son, Nur al-Din of Aleppo
(1146–74), the conquest of Egypt by his Kurdish mercenary
commander Shirkuh (1168–9), and the creation of an Egypto-Syrian
empire by Shirkuh’s nephew, Saladin (1169–93), meant that by 1186
Outremer was surrounded. The rhetoric of this new, cohesive
Muslim power placed great emphasis on jihad – war against
inﬁdels. This coincided with Outremer’s ﬁnancial weakness, lack of
western aid and a descent, in the kingdom of Jerusalem, into
debilitation and political instability. The royal succession passed in
turn to a possible bigamist (Amalric 1163–74), a leper (Baldwin IV
1174–85), a child (Baldwin V 1185–6), and a woman (Sybil 1186–90)
and her unpopular arriviste husband (Guy 1186–92). On 4 July 1187
Saladin annihilated the army of Jerusalem at the battle of Hattin in
Galilee. Within a year almost all the Frankish ports and castles had
surrendered or been captured; Jerusalem fell on 2 October 1187.
Resistance was reduced largely to Tyre, Tripoli, and Antioch.
The response in the west was massive. By March 1188, the kings of
Germany, France, and England had taken the cross with many of
their leading nobles. King William II of Sicily had sent a ﬂeet east.
Preaching and recruitment had begun and campaign strategies
carefully developed. A proﬁts tax, known as the Saladin Tithe, had
been instituted in France and the British Isles. In 1189, King Guy
of Jerusalem, recently released from Saladin’s captivity, began to
besiege the vital port of Acre. For the next two years, this became
the focal point of Christian military effort. In the same year ﬂeets
30

8. The battle of Hattin, 4 July 1187. This ﬁctional scene, drawn by the English monk Matthew Paris of St Alban’s
(d.1259), shows the moment when the relic of the True Cross the Franks bore into battle was seized by Saladin
(crowned on the left) from the Christians led by King Guy (crowned in the centre, trying to cling onto the relic).
This personalized depiction testiﬁes to the impact of the event in memory as at the time.

The Crusades

from northern Europe began to arrive. In May 1189, Frederick
Barbarossa, king of Germany and Holy Roman Emperor, set out at
the head of an army allegedly 100,000 strong. After successfully
forcing a passage through the unhelpful Byzantine Empire and the
hostile Turkish Anatolia, Frederick’s crusade ended in tragic bathos
when he drowned trying to cross the River Saleph in Cilicia on 10
June 1190. Demoralized, his huge army disintegrated, only a small
rump reaching Acre.
Although English and French contingents began sailing eastwards
in 1189, the kings did not embark until 1190, delayed by political
feuding over the succession to Henry II of England (d. July 1189).
Given the delicate relationship caused by the English king holding
extensive lands as a vassal of the French crown, King Philip II of
France (1180–1223) and the new king of England, Richard I
(1189–99), decided to travel together. Richard’s skills as a general
and administrator of men, ships, and materials and his vast
reserves of cash soon elevated him to the central role in the
crusade. Deﬂected not at all by anti-Jewish riots and massacres in
English towns, notably York, in 1189–90, the kings departed in
July 1190, making their rendezvous in September at Messina in
Sicily, where they wintered. While Philip sailed for Acre in March
1191, arriving on 20 April, Richard’s larger forces were blown off
course to Cyprus. With elements in his army being mistreated by
its independent Greek ruler, Richard took the opportunity to
conquer the island in a lightning campaign in May. Cyprus
remained in Christian hands until 1571. Richard ﬁnally arrived at
Acre on 6 June 1191. After a further six weeks’ hard pounding, the
city surrendered on 12 July. On 31 July, Philip II abandoned the
crusade, pleading illness and pressing business at home but
clearly discomforted by Richard’s dominance. Most of his
followers showed what they thought of his action by staying. After
executing hundreds of Muslim prisoners in his impatience at
Saladin’s prevarication over implementing the Acre surrender
agreement, Richard began his march south towards Jerusalem on
22 August.
32

9. A portrait of Frederick I of Germany dressed as a crusader c.1188.
The inscription urges him to ﬁght the ‘Saracens’. On the right the
provost of Schäftlarn is presenting him with a copy of a popular history
of the First Crusade by Robert of Rheims, a sign of how stories of past
crusades inﬂuenced crusade mentalities and expectations.
33

The Crusades

The Palestine war of 1191–2 revolved around security. Since
overwhelming victory eluded both sides, the only resolution lay in a
sustainable political agreement. Richard I used force to try to
frighten Saladin into restoring the pre-1187 kingdom of Jerusalem.
If diplomacy succeeded, battles and sieges became unnecessary. The
conﬂict was prolonged because neither side achieved sufﬁcient
military advantage to persuade the other to make acceptable
concessions. On 7 September 1191, Richard repulsed Saladin’s
attempt to drive the crusaders into the sea at Arsuf, the major
engagement of the campaign. Twice Richard marched his troops to
within twelve miles of Jerusalem (January and June/July 1192) only
to withdraw each time, arguing he had insufﬁcient men to take or
keep the city. These were prudent decisions but jarred with the
reason why he was in southern Palestine in the ﬁrst place. With
Saladin failing to take the important port of Jaffa in late July 1192
and Richard unable to develop a scheme to attack Saladin’s power
base in Egypt, military stalemate dictated a diplomatic conclusion.
Negotiations proved tortuous. Saladin refused to contemplate
suggestions of any formal Christian authority within Jerusalem, but
was otherwise prepared to accept a measure of Palestinian
partition. The Treaty of Jaffa (2 September 1192) left the Franks in
control of the coast from Acre to Jaffa and allowed access to
Jerusalem for pilgrims and freedom of movement between Muslim
and Christian territories. Ill and eager to return home, Richard
sailed from Acre on 9 October. Ironically, Saladin died less than six
months later (4 March 1193).
While failing to recapture Jerusalem, the Third Crusade
determined the pattern for later eastern crusades. Thereafter,
support for the reconstituted kingdom of Jerusalem, which lasted
until 1291, came exclusively by sea. Cyprus provided a new and
valuable partner for the Frankish settlements of the mainland.
Diplomacy and truces between Muslims and Christians became
standard practice. The subjugation of Egypt adopted centre stage in
western strategic planning. Preaching and recruitment for
crusading became increasingly professional, with ﬁnance being
34

10. A 12th-century impressionistic ground plan of the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre, with the shrine at the centre of the rotunda at the
bottom. Such images penetrated widely in Christendom, inspiring
journeys to Jerusalem and architectural imitations of the rotunda itself,
a circular design seen in churches such as that of the Temple in London.
35

arranged by governments or the church through taxation. A more
precise theology of violence reﬁned the privileges and obligations of
the crusaders themselves. After the failures of 1191–2, even the
focus on Jerusalem shifted, the iter Jerosolymitana (Jerusalem
journey) became subsumed into the negotium terrae sanctae (the
business of the Holy Land), or simply the sanctum negotium
(the holy business).

The Crusades

The Fourth Crusade, 1198–1204
The thin strip of Palestinian coast restored to Christian rule by the
Third Crusade proved a commercially viable base for a restored,
if reduced, kingdom of Jerusalem over the following century,
although the Holy City itself only returned to Christian rule
between 1229 and 1244. After recovering much of the coast during
the 1190s, the Franks found protection in a sequence of truces with
Saladin’s heirs in Egypt and Syria. Until the mid-13th century,
western aid came largely on its own terms rather than in response
to a speciﬁc crisis. The inception of the Fourth Crusade rested with
Pope Innocent III (1198–1216), who envisaged all Christians as to
some degree obliged to pursue the Lord’s War. This Innocent
promoted as part of the general devotional life of the west through
preaching and the liturgy. An enthusiast for wars of the cross
against a wide range of perceived threats to the church, Innocent
regarded the recovery of the Holy Land as a central and urgent
objective. One of the ﬁrst things he did was to proclaim a new
eastern expedition in August 1198.
By 1201, Innocent’s call had been answered by a group of powerful
northern French barons, including Count Baldwin of Flanders, who
chose as their leader the well-connected northern Italian marquess
Boniface of Montferrat, whose family had a long history of close
involvement in the eastern Mediterranean. Egypt was chosen as the
target of the expedition. The absence of kings denied the crusaders
access to national taxes or ﬂeets, forcing them to seek transport
from Venice. Unfortunately, the agreement with Venice stipulated
36

By then, elements in the crusade and Venetian leadership were
considering a further diversion to Constantinople in support of
Alexius Angelus, son of the deposed Byzantine emperor Isaac II
(1185–95). Young Alexius promised to subsidize the crusaders’
attack on Egypt if they helped him take the Byzantine throne from
his usurping uncle Alexius III (1195–1203). Many crusaders were
disgusted by the plan and withdrew, but the leadership and the bulk
of the army sailed with young Alexius and the Venetians to
Constantinople, arriving in June 1203. A month later an
amphibious assault on the city persuaded Alexius III to ﬂee,
allowing for the restoration of Isaac II with his son, now Alexius IV,
as co-emperor. Their dependence on loutish westerners alienated
Greek opinion, while their inability to honour Alexius’ promise of
subsidy and assistance undermined support from the crusaders. In
January 1204 they were deposed, murdered, and replaced by
Alexius V Ducas Murzuphlus, who began hostile manoeuvres
against the crusaders. Faced with a crisis of survival, the western
leaders decided to impose their will on the Greeks, in March 1204
agreeing to conquer and partition the Byzantine Empire. On 12–13
April, the crusaders breached the walls of the city. Alexius V ﬂed
and the victorious westerners were allowed three days of pillaging.
37

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

an optimistically large number of crusaders and a commensurately
inﬂated price to be paid. It became apparent in the summer of 1202
that the crusaders, by now gathered at Venice, could not raise the
agreed sum. As well as supplying 50 warships of their own, the
Venetians had committed much of their shipping and hence annual
income to carry the crusade. Realistically, they could neither
abandon the enterprise nor cancel the debt. As a solution, the doge,
Enrico Dandolo (d.1205), offered a moratorium on the debt in
return for the crusaders’ help in capturing the port of Zara in
Dalmatia, even though this was a Christian city belonging to a
fellow crusader, King Emeric of Hungary. Despite evident qualms
and papal disapproval, the crusaders had little option if they wished
to pursue their ultimate objective. Zara fell to the Veneto-crusader
force on 24 November 1202.

The Crusades

Although probably exaggerated, this atrocity has rung down the
centuries in infamy. Within weeks a Latin emperor, Baldwin of
Flanders, had been appointed and the territorial annexation of the
Greek Empire begun. A year later, hopes of continuing the crusade
to Egypt were abandoned. The Latin empire of Constantinople
lasted until 1261; western occupation of parts of Greece for
centuries. The precarious state of parts of the Frankish conquests in
Greece prompted crusades to be proclaimed against the Greeks
from 1231 until well into the 14th century.
The capture of Constantinople was not an accident; it had been
considered by every major expedition since 1147. Successive popes
had voiced disappointment at Greek failure to contribute to the
recovery of the Holy Land. In the circumstances of 1202–3,
conquest appeared viable; in the spring of 1204 necessary. However,
it was never the ultimate object of the crusade, and for Venice
marked a new departure into territorial instead of simply
commercial imperialism. The diversion was a result of policy not
conspiracy, its motives a mixture of pragmatism, idealism, and
opportunism that characterized all other wars of the cross.

The Fifth Crusade, 1213–29
More than its predecessors, the Fifth Crusade reﬂected the
institutionalization of crusading in Christian society as envisaged by
Innocent III. In the context of a wider process of semi-permanent
evangelization, crusading acted as one manifestation of Christian
revivalism. The papal bull Quia Maior (1213) launching the new
eastern enterprise extended access to the crusade remission of sins,
the indulgence, to those who sent a proxy or provided a
proportionate sum of money in redemption of their vow. In 1215 the
Fourth Lateran Council of the western Church authorized universal
clerical taxation to support the cause. A massive and carefully
orchestrated campaign of recruitment, propaganda, and ﬁnance
produced a series of expeditions to the east between 1217 and 1229.
The bulk of recruits came from Germany, central Europe, Italy, and
38

Recruiting continued almost unabated despite the setback in Egypt.
In 1227, Frederick II ﬁnally embarked for the east, only to turn back
immediately because of sudden and serious illness. Although Pope
Gregory IX (1227–41), a veteran crusade recruiting agent, lost
patience and excommunicated him, Frederick, undaunted, sailed to
the Holy Land in 1228. Exploiting the rivalries between the rulers of
Egypt and Syria, in February 1229 Frederick agreed a treaty with
the sultan of Egypt that restored Jerusalem to the Franks. The city
was to be open to all and the Haram al-Sharif, the Temple Mount, to
remain under the Islamic religious authorities (not dissimilar to the
arrangements in Jerusalem after 1967). However, unpopular for his
high-handedness, when Frederick embarked for the west from Acre
on 1 May 1229 he was pelted with offal. With a brief interruption in
1240, Jerusalem remained in Christian hands until captured by
Khwarazmian raiders, Turkish freebooters in the pay of the sultan
of Egypt, in 1244. The city remained under Muslim control until
1917.
39

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

the British Isles instead of France, the traditional heartland of
crusade enlistment. After early contingents landed at Acre in
1217–18, including one led by King Andrew of Hungary (1205–35),
the focus of military operations turned to Egypt when, in 1218, the
crusaders attacked Damietta, a port in the eastern Nile Delta. The
city fell only after a difﬁcult and costly siege in November 1219.
Egyptian proposals to exchange Damietta for Jerusalem were
rejected as improper and unworkable by a group led by the Cardinal
Legate, Pelagius, whose control of the purse strings gave him
considerable authority within the crusade army. Lack of leadership
proved more damaging. The westerners refused to accept orders
from the king of Jerusalem, John of Brienne (1210–25). However,
the commander chosen by the pope, Frederick II of Germany
(1211–50), remained in Europe. In the summer of 1221, to prevent
the crusade disintegrating through inactivity, the Christian army
moved south towards Cairo, only to be cut off by ﬂoods, harried by
the Egyptians, and forced to surrender on 30 August. Damietta was
evacuated on 8 September 1221.

The Crusades

The 13th century
After 1229, eastern crusades progressed from the pragmatic to the
optimistic to the desperate. Truces with feuding Muslim neighbours
continued to sustain Frankish Outremer until the accession to
power in Egypt of the militant Mamluk sultans, members of a
professional caste of Turkish slave warriors, who replaced the heirs
of Saladin in the 1250s. The Franks’ alliance with the Mongols who
invaded Syria in the late 1250s, followed by the Mongols’ defeat by
the Mamluks and withdrawal from the region in 1260, left them
vulnerable to the new Egyptian sultan, Baibars (1260–77), who was
committed to eradicating the Christian settlements. Successive
western expeditions under a series of great nobles (the Count of
Champagne in 1239; the Earl of Cornwall in 1240; the Lord
Edward, later Edward I of England, in 1271) achieved little other
than temporary advantage or respite. Rulers, such as the kings of
France and Aragon, despatched occasional relief ﬂotillas or
stationed modest garrisons in Acre. Despite the continued
popularity of crusading as an ideal and activity, between 1229 and
the ﬁnal loss of the last Christian outposts in Syria and Palestine in
1291, only one international campaign of substance reached the
eastern Mediterranean, the crusade of Louis IX of France, 1248–54.
Louis IX’s crusade proved the best prepared, most lavishly funded,
and meticulously planned of all. It was also one of the most
disastrous, its failure matching its ambition. Louis intended to
conquer Egypt and change the balance of power in the Near East.
Taking the cross in December 1244, over the next three years he
assembled an army of about 15,000, a treasury of over 1 million
livres, and a stockpile of food and equipment stored in Cyprus,
where Louis arrived in the late summer of 1248. The following
spring, supported by the Outremer Franks, Louis invaded Egypt,
capturing Damietta the day he landed (5 June 1249). The assault on
the interior began on 20 November, only to get bogged down in the
Nile Delta for more than two months. After a hard-fought but
indecisive engagement outside Mansourah on 7 February 1250,
40

Louis’s army could make no further progress and became cut off
from its base at Damietta. Withdrawal in early April turned into a
rout as the Christian army disintegrated through disease, fatigue,
and a superior enemy. Louis himself, suffering badly from
dysentery, was among those captured, being released in return for
Damietta and a massive ransom. Stunned by what he saw as God’s
chastisement, Louis remained in the Holy Land until 1254
bolstering defences (those at Caesarea can still be seen) and shoring
up Outremer’s diplomatic relations with its neighbours. Yet while
securing his reputation for piety, Louis’s stay did nothing to reverse
the verdict of 1250. The best-laid crusade plan had failed dismally.

41

Crusades in the eastern Mediterranean

Following the defeat of the Mongols in 1260, Baibars of Egypt and
his successors Qalawun (1279–90) and al-Ashraf Khalil (1290–3)
systematically dismembered the remaining Frankish holdings in
Syria and Palestine. Antioch fell in 1268; Tripoli in 1289; and,
ﬁnally, after an heroic but futile defence, Acre in 1291, after which
the remaining Christian outposts were evacuated without further
resistance. To ensure the Franks would not again return, the sultans
levelled the ports they captured. The west watched this collapse
with alarm, concern, and impotence. Political rivalries, competing
domestic demands, and a more realistic assessment of the required
scale of operation conspired in the failure to organize adequate
military response. Louis IX’s new projected eastern expedition of
1270 reached no further than Tunis on its way to Egypt. There Louis
died on 25 August 1270 and most of his followers went home. Yet
after the ﬁnal loss of Acre in 1291, plans continued to be hatched
and raids conducted in the Levant throughout the 14th century
until the new threat of the Ottoman Turks in the Balkans and the
Aegean supervened from the 1350s and again in the mid-15th
century, redirecting the focus of holy war.

Chapter 3
Crusades in the west

Popular uprisings
The ideology and rhetoric of the Holy Land wars were applied easily
to internal religious and political conﬂicts within Christendom and
to frontier wars with non-Christians. Socially, its grip was exposed
in the popular outbreaks of revivalist enthusiasm for the recovery of
the Holy Land witnessed by the so-called Children’s Crusade and
the Shepherds’ Crusades. The Children’s Crusade in the summer of
1212 comprised two distinct outbursts of popular religious
enthusiasm prompted by an atmosphere of crisis provoked by the
preaching of the threats to Christendom simultaneously posed by
the Muslims in the Holy Land, the Moors in Spain, and heretics in
southern France. A series of penitential and revivalist processions in
northern France, led by Stephen of Cloyes from the Vermandois,
marched to St Denis near Paris voicing vague appeals for moral
reform. There is no clear evidence these marchers intended to
liberate Jerusalem. Further east, at much the same time, large
groups of young men and adolescents (called in the sources pueri,
meaning children but also anyone under full maturity) as well as
priests and adults, apparently led by a boy called Nicholas of
Cologne, marched through the Rhineland proclaiming their desire
to free the Holy Sepulchre. It seems some of these marchers reached
northern Italy seeking transport east but probably getting no
further. Their holy war was of the spirit. Taking the church’s
teaching literally, they apparently believed their poverty, purity, and
42

innocence would prevail where knights could not. Experience soon
taught them otherwise.
The marches of 1212 found parallels in the Shepherds’ Crusade of
1251, a populist rising in France that blamed Louis IX’s Egyptian
debacle on a corrupt nobility. Once its leaders were exposed not as
holy men but disorderly rabble-rousers, the movement was
violently suppressed. However, there were similar expressions of
social and political anxieties through support for the transcendent
cause of the Holy Land in Italy in 1309 and France in 1320. All were
closely linked to news or rumours of external threats to
Christendom, the dissemination of a clearly deﬁned redemptive
theology incorporating the crusade as a collective penitential act,
and the perceived failure of the leaders of society to live up to their
obligations on either count.

Ofﬁcial Church teaching increasingly encouraged the wide
application of wars of the cross, even if Innocent III, in his bull
Quia Maior (1213), was at pains to stress the priority of the Holy
Land. From the 1130s Jerusalem indulgences on the model of
1096 were being offered to those ﬁghting political enemies of the
pope such as Roger II of Sicily (1101–54) or Markward of
Anweiler in Sicily in 1199, assorted heretics, their protectors and
mercenary bands. These indulgences were seemingly granted
without the attendant vows, preaching, or cross-taking. The ﬁrst
time the full apparatus of the wars of the cross was directed
against Christians came with the war declared by Innocent III in
1208 against the Cathar heretics of Languedoc, known later as the
Albigensians, and their Christian protectors. One of the most
notorious of all medieval wars, the Albigensian Crusades
(1209–29) degenerated from a genuine attempt to cauterize
widespread heresy, which many saw as a dangerously infectious
wound bleeding all Christendom, into a brutal land seizure. The
puritanical dualist Cathar heresy had grown in strength in parts
43

Crusades in the west

Crusades against heretics and Christians

The Crusades

of Languedoc controlled by the count of Toulouse. The
assassination of the Papal Legate for the region in 1208 led
Innocent III to offer Holy Land indulgences and the cross to
northern French barons. Under a militant monkish zealot,
Arnald-Amaury, abbot of Cîteaux, and an ambitious adventurer,
Simon de Montfort, the crusaders began to annex the county of
Toulouse and its surrounding provinces, often with great savagery
meted out indiscriminately to local Christians as well as heretics.
The sack of Béziers in 1209 was remembered as especially brutal.
In 1213, Simon defeated and killed the count of Toulouse’s ally
King Peter of Aragon at the battle of Muret. After Simon’s death
in 1218, the impetus of the crusade faltered until revived by King
Louis VIII of France (1223–6) in 1226. By the end of the year
Languedoc had effectively been conquered, its subjugation
conﬁrmed in the Treaty of Paris (1229).
Ironically, for all its ultimate political success, the Albigensian
Crusade failed to eradicate the Cathars, a task effected by the more
paciﬁc and reasoned methods of the Inquisition. However, crusades
against heretics remained in the Church’s arsenal for the rest of the
Middle Ages and beyond. Six crusades were launched or planned
against the Czech Hussite evangelicals of Bohemia between 1420
and 1471. Protestant Reformations in the 16th century stimulated a
revival of crusade schemes against enemies of the Catholic Church,
such as Henry VIII and Elizabeth I of England, and remained a
traditional resort for devout and threatened Catholics in the new
Wars of Religion, for example against the Huguenots in France in
the 1560s.
To assert and sustain the 13th-century papacy’s plenitude of power,
drive for doctrinal and liturgical uniformity, and acquisition of a
temporal state in Italy, popes found the crusade a malleable
instrument. Those attacked by crucesignati as ‘schismatics’
included peasants in the Netherlands and the Lower Weser
(1228–34); Bosnians opposed to Hungarian rule (from 1227); and
rebels against the pope’s vassal Henry III of England (1216–17 and
44

Spain
The ceremonies and privileges associated with expeditions to
Jerusalem had been extended to cover those ﬁghting the Muslims in
Spain since the 1090s, a process regularized by the First Lateran
Council in 1123. Further authorization for crusades against the
Moors came in 1147–8, during the Second Crusade, and at intervals
thereafter. A church council in Segovia in 1166 even offered
Jerusalem indulgences to those who defended Castile from
Christian attack. The later 12th-century invasions of Iberia by the
Muslim fundamentalist Almohads from North Africa threatened
Christian conquests and provoked a greater frequency in crusading
appeals, culminating in the crusade of 1212 against them. This led
to the great Christian victory of Las Navas de Tolosa (1212) over the
Almohads. Thereafter the campaigns of the Spanish Reconquista
became more obviously national concerns, although still liable to
45

Crusades in the west

1265). The main crusades against Christians were fought over papal
security in its lands in Italy. From the 1190s, popes were fearful of
being surrounded by the Hohenstaufen dynasty, kings of Germany
who were also rulers of southern Italy and Sicily. This caused the
Thirty Years’ War with the Hohenstaufen Frederick II and his heirs
(1239–68) that ended with a papal nominee, Charles of Anjou, as
ruler of Sicily and Naples. Following a Sicilian rebellion against
Charles in 1282, much of the ﬁghting during the Wars of the Sicilian
Vespers (1282–1302) also attracted the apparatus of crusading:
cross, preaching, indulgences, church taxation, and so on. This
habit continued for the regular local or regional campaigns in
pursuit of papal interests in central and northern Italy during the
popes’ residence at Avignon (1309–77). These Italian crusades
scarcely pretended to conceal papal corporate or personal interest,
to the disgust of critics such as Dante. The failure of crusades
launched by both contending parties to end the Great Papal Schism
(1378–1417) led to the abandonment of this form of holy war, only
occasionally to be revived by bellicose popes such as Julius II (1503–
13).

E. The Spanish Reconquista

elicit crusade status, as with the conquests of the Balearic Islands
(1229–31) and Valencia (1232–5) by James I of Aragon (1213–76).
With the fall of Cordova (1236) and Seville (1248) to Ferdinand III
of Castile (1217–52), formal or active crusading against the Moors,
now penned in the emirate of Granada (until 1492), became
effectively redundant. Ironically, the peninsula’s most intimate
subsequent experience of crusading was as victim when the French
invaded Aragon in 1285 as part of the crusade called at the start of
the War of Sicilian Vespers (1282–1302).

The Baltic

47

Crusades in the west

The Baltic crusades acted as one element in a cruel process of
Christianization and Germanization, providing a religious gloss to
ethnic cleansing and territorial aggrandizement more blatant and,
in places, more successful than anywhere else. Crusading in the
Baltic, ﬁrst applied to Danish and German anti-Slav aggression
between the Elbe and Oder in 1147 during the Second Crusade,
cloaked a missionary war which, given the Christian prohibition on
forced conversion, represented a contradiction in canon law. These
wars directly served local political and ecclesiastical ambitions. The
main areas of conquest after 1200 included Prussia, Livonia,
Estonia, and Finland. In Prussia, the expansion of land-grabbing
German princes in Pomerania gave way to the competing interests
of Denmark and the Military Order of Teutonic Knights. This order
had originally been founded by Germans in Acre in the wake of the
Third Crusade in the 1190s, but because of its regional associations
soon became heavily, and ultimately almost exclusively, involved in
ﬁghting for the cross in the north. The ﬁghting in Livonia devolved
onto the church under the archbishop of Riga and the Military
Order of Sword Brothers (founded in 1202). In Estonia the Danes
again clashed with the Military Orders, as well as with Swedes and
Russians from Novgorod. Finland became the target of Swedish
expansion. By the 1230s, control of war and settlement in Prussia,
Livonia, and southern Estonia had been taken up by the Teutonic

11. Moors ﬁghting Christians in 13th-century Spain. The artist is at
pains to show a (probably exaggerated) contrast in weapons, shields,
and armour between the two sides.
48

Crusades in the west

F. The Baltic

Knights, with whom the Sword Brothers were amalgamated in
1237. In 1226 their Master, Hermann von Salza, was created
imperial prince of Prussia, which was declared a papal ﬁef held by
the Teutonic Knights in 1234. Although some speciﬁc grants for
crusades in the Baltic continued, most of these northern wars
adopted the character of ‘eternal crusades’ once Innocent IV in 1245
49

The Crusades

conﬁrmed the right of the Teutonic Knights to grant crusade
indulgences without special papal authorization. This gave the
Teutonic Knights a unique status, not held even by the rulers of the
kingdom of Jerusalem, of a sovereign government possessed of the
automatic right of equating its foreign policy with the crusade.
Cashing in on this in the 14th century, the Knights developed a
sort of chivalric package tour for western nobles eager to see some
ﬁghting, enjoy lavish feasting, earn indulgences, and gild their
reputations. The Knights’ appeal slackened with their failure to
overcome Lithuania-Poland and the conversion of pagan Lithuania
in 1386. Their transformation into a secular German principality
was completed in 1525 when the Master of the Teutonic Knights in
Prussia embraced Lutheranism and secularization. The Livonian
branch followed suit in 1562.

Jews
Frontiers, medieval or modern, can be religious, ethnic, cultural,
and social as well as geographic. In such cases, wars of the cross
added a particular edge of hostility or intensity. While no crusades
were speciﬁcally directed against the Jewish communities anywhere
in Europe or Asia, the ideology of crusading encouraged violence
against them, despite ofﬁcial secular and ecclesiastical disapproval.
The ringing condemnation of enemies of the cross and the
concentration on the Cruciﬁxion story in the preaching of Urban II
in 1095–6, or Bernard of Clairvaux’s in 1146–7, needed little
misunderstanding to be applied to the Jews. The pogroms in the
Rhineland in 1096 and 1146–7 and in England in 1190 were not the
sum of anti-Jewish violence, which spread widely in northern
Europe. But the Jews were only ever collateral targets of crusading.
Local rulers reserved exploitation and expropriation to themselves;
Richard I condemned the attacks on Jews in London in 1189
because he regarded their property as his. A cultural myopia on the
part of Christians refused to see Jews as fully human, a dismissive
attitude prominently displayed by the great crusader Louis IX of
France. Such discrimination could translate into persecution,
50

The end of crusading
The traditional terminal date for the Crusades, the loss of Acre in
1291, makes no sense. People continued to take the cross, if in
diminishing numbers. The attendant institutions of indulgences,
legal obligations, and taxation persisted in use by rulers and popes
for centuries. At least until the outbreak of the Hundred Years’ War
in the 1330s, the recovery of the Holy Land seemed viable, if
difﬁcult and expensive. In the Mediterranean, attacks on piratical
Turkish emirs and the Mamluks continued sporadically, such as the
sack of Alexandria in 1365 by Peter I of Cyprus. The growing power
of the Ottoman Turks from the mid-14th century redeﬁned
the objective of crusading, throwing Christendom once more on the
defensive. At Nicopolis on the Danube (1396) and Varna on the
Black Sea (1444) western crusade armies sent to combat the
Ottomans in the Balkans were crushed, on both occasions with the
Turks receiving aid from Christian allies, respectively Serbs and
51

Crusades in the west

although increasingly it led to expulsion from regions of the British
Isles and France in the later 13th and 14th centuries. Lacking civil
rights or in most cases effective systems of autonomous rule or
defence, Jews in medieval Europe suffered through Christian
schizophrenia. Protected by Christian Biblical prescript, Jews were
politically not sufﬁciently visible to constitute the sort of material
threat that would elicit a crusade against them. Yet at the same time
Christian teaching also saw them as malign and therefore a
religious challenge to Christianity. Increasingly, blood libels,
accusations of Jews murdering Christians, rather than crusades,
provoked massacres. Where daily experience and long tradition
denied both Jewish malignity and cultural invisibility, as, ironically,
in two regions most infected by active crusading, Spain and
Outremer, Jews were less molested, even tolerated. Crusading
played a part, at times a gory one, in constructing a closed,
intolerant society. However, to blame the excesses of anti-Semitism,
medieval or modern, on the wars of the cross is facile and
unconvincing. That well of hatred fed from many streams.

The Crusades

Genoese. Rhodes, occupied by the Military Order of St John, the
Hospitallers, since 1309, held out until 1522 before relocating to
Malta, from where they were evicted by Napoleon in 1798. Cyprus
remained in Christian hands until 1571, Crete until 1669; both fruits
of earlier crusades. Crusading mentalities were re-forged in the
Adriatic and central Europe in the face of the Ottoman advance in
the 15th century. After the Turkish capture of Constantinople in
1453, crusading again seemed a vital necessity to the Renaissance
papacy. In response to the fall of the Greek imperial capital a new
crusade was proclaimed. Belgrade was saved in 1456 by an unlikely
crusading force gathered by John of Capistrano. As long as the
Ottomans presented a danger, crusading ideas retained relevance
and interest, even into the 17th century, when Francis Bacon
dismissed them as ‘the rendezvous of cracked brains that wore their
feather in their head instead of their hat’. Yet the appeal lingered.
Men may have taken the cross and expected indulgences in the antiTurkish Holy League (1684–97). The end of crusading came not in
the drama of a failed campaign or a siege lost, but as a long, dying
fall, ﬁnally obliterated as kingdoms and secular powers, not
churches or religion, claimed the morality as well as control of
warfare.

52

Chapter 4
The impact of the Crusades

Traditionally, the crusades outside Christendom have been credited
with profound inﬂuence over the distribution of political and
religious power in the regions they affected. Yet their impact as well
as success was determined by forces usually beyond the crusaders’
control. Without the disintegration of the unity of the Muslim Near
East in the late 11th century and of Muslim Spain two generations
earlier, wars of the cross against Islam would probably not have
begun or would have rapidly stalled. Conversely, without the
westerners’ political and economic capacity to sustain conquest and
colonization, in the Mediterranean and the Baltic, these wars would
have proved evanescent. The 13th-century failure of the Muslim
powers of North Africa and southern Iberia and of the disparate
tribes of the southern and eastern Baltic to maintain any concerted
resistance to Christian expansion allowed crusades to prevail. In
marked contrast stood the rise of Lithuania in the 14th century that
successfully resisted further crusading advances in the Baltic, a
uniﬁcation comparable strategically to that of Syria, Palestine,
and Egypt under the Ayyubids (c.1174–1250) and the Mamluks
(1250–1517) which sealed the fate of Outremer.
The consequences of crusading activity varied hugely. In Spain, the
Christian reconquest decisively reoriented the political and cultural
direction of the region. In the Baltic, the conquest and
Christianization of Prussia, Livonia, and Finland redeﬁned the area
and its peoples within Latin Christendom. In Greece and its islands,
53

The Crusades

12. A medieval world map, from a 14th-century copy of the Englishman
Ranulph Higden’s encyclopaedic Polychronicon. Typically, Jerusalem is
shown at the centre, the navel of the world. (East is at the bottom.)

large areas of which were occupied by western nobles and Venetians
after the Fourth Crusade, in some cases for centuries, the effect of
western conquest tended to be superﬁcial, but while it lasted, as in
the case of Venetian Crete (held until 1669), often unpleasant or
54

Impact of the Crusades

G. The Aegean in the 13th and 14th centuries

downright brutal for the indigenous population. By contrast, in the
Near East, with the exception of Cyprus which fell to Richard I of
England in 1191 and remained in the hands of Latin Christians until
1571, the western presence that had begun when the ﬁrst crusaders
burst into Anatolia and northern Syria in the summer and autumn
of 1097 left few traces except physical and, possibly, cultural scars.
Although western-sponsored coastal raids continued into the
55

The Crusades

15th century, after the expulsion of the last Latin Christian
outposts on the Levantine shore in 1291, the systematic destruction
of the ports by the sultans of Egypt prevented any prospect of
return, apart from a trickle of determined, well-heeled pilgrims and
a few friars as resident tourist guides. Nothing remains of the Latin
presence in Syria and Palestine except stones, some still standing as
built but mostly ruins, and a revived memory of bitterness.
It is possible to argue that suppression of heresy within
Christendom in the 13th century and papal campaigns against
their political opponents from the 13th to the 15th centuries did
not require a special ideology of holy war. Similarly, the frontier
expansion in the Baltic and the integration into the polity of
western Europe of powers such as Denmark and Sweden preceded
their association with crusading ideology and practices. In Spain,
the Christian reconquest, or Reconquista, predated its reinvention
as a holy war. The wars would have occurred in any case. By
contrast, the wars in the eastern Mediterranean can be seen only as
the consequence of this new form of holy war. Geographically, Syria
and Palestine did not lie on western Christendom’s frontiers. Only
through imaginative empathy did the politics of the Near East
directly impinge on Latin Christendom, a consequence of the
ubiquity in the west’s religious culture of endless repetition of the
Bible stories, in preaching, liturgy, and the plastic arts. Perhaps the
strangest aspect of crusading to the Holy Land lay precisely in its
lack of connection with the domestic circumstances of the
territories whither the armies were directed. While the First
Crusade answered the interests of the eastern Greek Christian
empire of Byzantium, it was hardly portrayed as such and
developed a momentum quite removed from Greek frontier policy.
There existed no strategic or material interest for the knights of the
west to campaign in Judaea. This is where comparisons with
modern imperialism collapse. For the land-hungry or politically
ambitious adventurer, other regions nearer home offered easier,
richer pickings. With the partial exception of the Third Crusade
(1188–92), currents of western enthusiasm and policy, as in the
56

Fourth and Fifth Crusades, determined the timing and recruitment
of eastern crusades rather than the immediate needs of the western
settlements in the Levant. More generally, while the presence of
western warriors and settlers on the immediate frontiers of Muslim
Iberia or the pagan Baltic made some economic or political sense,
this was not true for the Holy Land, where the motive for
occupation depended on its status as a relic of Christ on earth, a
fundamentally religious mission however material the methods
employed to achieve it. Consequently, the Christian wars of the
12th and 13th centuries in the Near East provide startling testimony
to the power of ideas.

The Crusades and Muslim power

Urban II possessed an acute interest in Christian political history,
which often made gloomy reading. The successes of the acceptance
of Christianity by the Roman Empire in the 4th century and the
subsequent conversion of the Germanic successor powers in the
ruins of the western empire from the 5th to 7th centuries had been
offset by the irruption of Islam in the 7th and early 8th centuries.
The rapid Arab conquests of the Christian provinces of Egypt,
Palestine and Syria, North Africa, and most of the Iberian peninsula
between 634 and 711 had reduced Christendom, as one late
medieval pope had it, to an ‘angle of the world’. Jerusalem had
fallen to Arab rule in 638; almost all the Biblical scenes familiar to
the faithful lay under Muslim control. Further advances in the 9th
century, including the capture of Sicily and bases in southern Italy,
seemed to threaten Rome and convert the western Mediterranean
57

Impact of the Crusades

How signiﬁcant, therefore, were these eastern crusades in the
development of international patterns of power? They certainly
thrust westerners into geopolitical events otherwise far removed
from their orbit of interest. A particular religious perception of
world history led to western European involvement in fashioning
the political destiny of Syria, Palestine, Egypt, and Iraq in a period
of decisive re-alignment of Near Eastern power.

The Crusades

into a Muslim lake. The two most powerful regimes in the west, the
Carolingian Empire of the 8th century or the German emperors of
the 10th and 11th, despite laying claims to an Italian kingdom,
rarely engaged directly with the loss of southern Christian
provinces. For the empire of Byzantium, with its long frontiers with
Islamic states, the confrontation occupied a habitual rather than
urgent element of foreign policy, especially after the stabilization of
borders in eastern Anatolia from the 8th century.
The hundred years before 1095 saw a transformation. In the western
Mediterranean, Muslim pirates were ejected from bases in southern
France at the end of the 10th century. Between 1061 and 1091,
Italian-Norman forces conquered Sicily. Further west, the collapse
of the caliphate of Cordova in Spain in 1031 and its replacement by a
patchwork of competing principalities, ruled by the so-called taifa
(or ‘party’) kings, presented Christian rulers and mercenaries from
outside the peninsula with opportunities to extract tribute and
extend territory. Driven by politics and proﬁt, not religion, Christian
rule advanced piecemeal, Muslim–Christian alliances being as
common as conﬂict. The famed conqueror of Valencia in 1094, the
Castilian Roderigo Diaz (d.1099), ‘El Cid’, spent as much of his
career ﬁghting for Muslim lords against Christians as vice versa.
However, when the usually squabbling Christian princes united,
signiﬁcant gains were achieved, notably the capture of Toledo by
Alfonso VI of Castile in 1085. Dynastic and ecclesiastical links
drew recruits from Catalonia and north of the Pyrenees, although
only with hindsight could they be equated with crusaders.
In the eastern Mediterranean in the second half of the 10th
century, Byzantine armies had re-established a foothold in northern
Syria, capturing Antioch in 969, which remained in Greek hands
until 1084, only a decade and a half before the arrival of the First
Crusade. Otherwise, the Anatolian/Syrian frontiers had remained
largely static. The tripartite balance of power in the region was
based on the Byzantine Empire to the north and west; the orthodox
Sunni Muslim Abbasid Caliphate of Baghdad in nominal control of
58

In contrast with the impact of wars of the cross in and around
western Europe, the conquests in Syria and Palestine played only a
modest role in deﬁning the political direction of the Near East in
the 12th and 13th centuries and none thereafter. Developments
beyond the Muslim frontiers and Christian control largely
determined the settlers’ fate. The 12th century witnessed the
establishment ﬁrst of Syrian unity under Zengi of Aleppo (d.1146)
59

Impact of the Crusades

Iran, Iraq, and Syria; with the Shia Muslim Caliphate of the
Fatimids in Egypt since 969. In the 11th century the political
conﬁguration of the Near East was severely jolted by the eruption of
the Seljuk Turks from northeast Iran. Establishing themselves in
control of the Baghdad Caliphate in 1055 as sultans (sultan is
Arabic for power), the Seljuks pushed further west, by 1079
establishing their overlordship in most of Syria and Palestine,
having in 1071 defeated a Byzantine army at Manzikert in
northeastern Anatolia. Within twenty years, a Seljuk Sultanate had
been consolidated in Anatolia with a capital at Nicaea close to
Constantinople. However, despite the Seljuk conquests, Muslim
unity was a charade, especially after the outbreak of civil war
between the heirs of Sultan Malik Shah. The Seljuk empire in Iraq
and Syria comprised a loose confederation of city states, often
controlled by Turkish military commanders (atabegs) and slave
mercenaries (Mamluks) who owed allegiance to one or other rival
Seljuk prince. Throughout the region ethnic diversity and
alienation of ruler from ruled prevailed. In parts of Syria,
immigrant Turkish Sunnis ruled an indigenous Shia population or
forced their protection on local Arab dynasts. The Shia Fatimid
Caliphate of Egypt, with power in the hands of often non-Arab,
Turkish or Armenian viziers, ruled a largely Sunni population. Such
complexity ensured a continuing political volatility that offered rich
opportunities to the ambitious, the ruthless, the skilful, and the
fortunate. The appearance of the western armies of the First
Crusade in 1097–8 merely added one more foreign military
presence to an area already crowded with competing rulers from
outside the region.

13. Mamluk warriors training. The Mamluks were professional Turkish
mercenaries enlisted as warrior slaves in the armies of Egypt who took
control of the country after 1250 and drove the Franks from the
mainland of Syria and Palestine in 1291.
60

and his son Nur al-Din (d.1174) and then of the uniﬁcation of Syria
with Egypt under Nur al-Din’s Kurdish mercenary commander
turned independent Egyptian sultan, Saladin (d.1193). Apart from a
serious attempt to contest control of Egypt between 1163 and 1169,
the Christian rulers in Palestine, the Franks, observed the process as
largely impotent bystanders. Only after he had secured the three
inland Muslim capitals of Damascus, Aleppo, and Mosul did
Saladin turn his armies on the Franks in the crushing campaign of
1187–8 that gave rise to the Third Crusade.

61

Impact of the Crusades

Although Saladin, Zengi, and Nur al-Din all located their policies in
the vanguard of a Muslim religious revival that swept westwards
from Iran and Iraq, decking their wars with the language of jihad,
most of their energies and violence was directed both materially
and ideologically against other Muslims. Saladin’s capture of
Jerusalem in 1187 was matched by his suppression of the heretical
Fatimid Caliphate in 1171. For Saladin and his successors, their
main concerns focused on the internal maintenance of their empire,
reﬂected in Saladin’s pragmatic approach to negotiating the
partition of Palestine with the Franks during the Third Crusade.
The repeated civil wars among Saladin’s successors, the Ayyubids,
encouraged them to enter into truces with the Franks, who still
controlled much of the Syro-Palestinian coast between the 1190s
and 1260s. Beyond temporary panics following their capture of
Damietta (1219 and 1249), the Ayyubid military system successfully
resisted the two Christian attacks on Egypt (1218–21 and 1249–50),
although in 1250 the role in defending Egypt played by corps of
Mamluk mercenaries precipitated their assumption of the Egyptian
sultanate. The advent of the Mamluks, by origin Turks from the
Eurasian steppes, conformed to the pattern of alien rule in the Near
East, as did the chief challenge to their new empire, the Mongols,
who by the late 1250s had penetrated Iraq and Syria. Baghdad had
been sacked and the last caliph executed in 1258; Frankish Antioch
had become a client and Syria brieﬂy occupied. The defeat of a
Mongol army by the Mamluks of Egypt in September 1260 at Ain
Jalut in the valley of Jezreel helped determine which of the two

dominant Near Eastern forces would rule in Syria and roughly
where the frontier between them would fall in a political settlement
that lasted until the Ottoman conquest of the Mamluk Empire in
1517. The Franks and their western allies could only watch.

The Crusades

The ﬁnal expulsion of the Franks, begun by the fearsome Baibars
and completed by al-Ashraf Khalil in 1291, carried a negative
charge generated by the conquerors not the Franks themselves. In
annexing the Christian strongholds of the coast, the Mamluks
deliberately razed them to the ground, thereby, in H. E. Mayer’s
words, achieving the ‘destruction of the ancient Syro-Palestinian
city civilisation’. The decisive verdicts of 1260 and 1291 crowned the
Mamluks as victors in the long struggle over which foreign group
would rule in Egypt, Syria, and Palestine – Greeks, Kurds, Turks,
Franks. The last were merely one of many who lost out; their role in
the reconﬁguration of the political map intrusive, not decisive.
Steven Runciman, the most read anglophone historian of the
Crusades, thought the Crusades proved to be a disaster for
Christendom because the Byzantine Empire was weakened as a
result of the Fourth Crusade. Permanently undermined, Byzantium
‘could no longer guard Christendom against the Turk’, this
incapacity ultimately handing ‘the innocent Christians of the
Balkans’ to ‘persecution and slavery’. Yet it may be worth
considering that the victory of the Mamluks in the second half of
the 13th century saved not only western Asia from the
Mongols but southern and eastern Europe too. The failure of
Byzantium to defend itself in 1203–4 did not augur well for any
putative role as a bastion against future Turkish attacks; the
occupation of parts of the Greek Empire by Franks and Venetians at
least ensured lasting western investment in the later resistance to
the Ottomans. Its disastrous failure to accommodate the crusaders
before 1204 makes it hard to believe Byzantium left to itself would
have coped any better with the Turks. While scarcely interested in
the minutiae of local politics and religion, the Mongols might have
proved even more disagreeable conquerors than the Ottomans.
62

Although fatal to the Franks of Outremer, the Mamluk triumph
restricted the Mongols to Persia and preserved an Islamic status
quo that can only be condemned on grounds of race or religion.
Precisely the same can be said of those who assume the malignity of
Ottoman rule or that fractious Christian rule in the Balkans would
have proved more beneﬁcial to their inhabitants. While easy to
re-ﬁght the Crusades in modern historical or cultural prejudices,
it remains unproﬁtable if not actually harmful. One legacy of the
Crusades was the estrangement of Greek and Latin Christendom,
but not the triumph of the Turk.

Impact of the Crusades

63

Chapter 5
Holy war

Christian holy war, although a conceptual oxymoron, has
occupied a central place in the culture of Christianity. Crusading
represented merely one expression of this warrior tradition.
Urban II did not invent Christian holy wars in 1095; neither
did they cease with the demise of the Crusades; nor were the
Crusades the only manifestation of medieval religious violence.
However, the Crusades have appeared almost uniquely disreputable
because of the apparent diametric and exultant reversal of the
teaching of Christ and the appropriation of the language of
spiritual struggle and the doctrine of peace for the promotion
of war, exquisitely demonstrated in the ubiquitous use of the
image of the cross. In the New Testament seemingly the ultimate
symbol of Christ’s explicit refusal to ﬁght or even resist in the
face of death; in the hands of crusade propagandists the cross
became a sign of obedience through the physical sacriﬁce of
martial combat, a war banner, an icon of military victory
through faith, the mark of those, in the words of a charter of
one departing crusader in 1096, who fought ‘for God against
pagans and Saracens’ and saw themselves as ‘milites Christi’,
warriors or knights of Christ. ‘If any man will come after me,
let him deny himself and take up his cross, and follow me’
(Matthew 16:24) appears an incredible battle-cry in the context
of Christ’s words in Gethsemane (Matthew 26:52–4): ‘Put up
again thy sword . . . all they that take the sword shall perish with
the sword.’
64

This transformation can be illustrated startlingly in the writings of
Bernard of Clairvaux (d.1153), chief propagandist and recruiting
agent for the Second Crusade, one of the most inﬂuential
interpreters of Christian spirituality of the entire Middle Ages. As if
to counter directly those who condemned the church’s advocacy of
holy war as unchristian, Bernard took New Testament passages and
radically reinterpreted them. The Epistles of St Paul used military
metaphor to emphasize the revolutionary nature of the new faith in
contrast to the Roman world dominated by religiously sanctioned
military systems: ‘We do not war after the ﬂesh: for the weapons of
our warfare are not carnal’ (II Corinthians: 3–4). In the Epistle to
the Ephesians Paul descants on this spiritual military theme:
Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand
against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against ﬂesh and
blood . . . Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth,
with the preparation of the gospel of peace . . . taking the shield of
faith . . . and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit,
which is the word of God.
(Ephesians 6:11–17)

Bernard redirects Paul in his tract welcoming the founding of the
Templars, ‘a new sort of knighthood . . . ﬁghting indefatigably a
double ﬁght against ﬂesh and blood as well as against the
immaterial forces of evil in the skies’; ‘the knight who puts the
breastplate of faith on his soul in the same way as he puts a
breastplate of iron on his body is truly intrepid and safe from
everything . . . so forward in safety, knights, and with undaunted
souls drive off the enemies of the Cross of Christ’. While not entirely
new – similar transmutations of Paul’s spiritual armour date back to
the 8th century at least – the volte face seems complete.

65

Holy war

and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shod

The Crusades

Scripture and Classical theory
The ideology of crusading may thus appear casuistic in its
interpretation of Scripture, if not downright mendacious. Yet the
contradiction of holy war in pursuit of the doctrines of peace and
forgiveness boasted long pedigrees. While remaining a utopian
model, the behaviour and circumstances of the Early Church soon
ceased to reﬂect the idealism or experiences of Christianity.
Although Biblical authority remained one of the cornerstones of
belief, literalism proved intellectually and culturally untenable and
Christianity evolved only indirectly as a Scriptural faith. The
foundation texts of the Old and New Testaments needed
translation, literally and conceptually, to nurture accessible and
sustainable institutions of thought and observance in a context of
the lives of active believers within a temporal church. The works
of the so-called Church Fathers (notably Origen of Alexandria,
Ambrose of Milan, Augustine of Hippo, and Pope Gregory I) found
ways of reconciling the purist doctrine of the Beatitudes with the
Graeco-Roman world. A mass of apocryphal scripture, imitative
hagiography, legends, relic cults, and lengthening tradition
expressed, informed, and developed popular belief, while
ecclesiastical and political authorities codiﬁed articles of faith,
such as the Nicene Creed (325). The church’s teaching on war
exempliﬁed this process.
The charity texts of the New Testament insisting on forgiveness
were interpreted as applicable only to private persons not the
behaviour of public authorities, to whom, both Gospel and Pauline
texts could be marshalled to show, obedience was due. In Jerome’s
Latin version of the Bible, the Vulgate (c.405), which became the
standard text in the medieval west, the exclusive word for enemy in
the New Testament is inimicus, a personal enemy, not hostis, a
public enemy. Paul, conceding that ‘kings and those in authority’
protect the faithful in ‘a quiet and peaceable life’, sanctioned public
violence to police a sinful world. For those justifying religious war,
the Old Testament supplied rich pickings. In contrast to modern
66

Of course, stories regarded by some as authorizing legitimate or
even religious warfare could be interpreted by others as preﬁguring
Christian spiritual struggle, the sense of St Paul as well as many
medieval commentators, or consigned to the Old Covenant not
the New Dispensation. Trickier for Christian paciﬁsts were the
67

Holy war

Christians not of Biblical fundamentalist persuasion, the medieval
church placed considerable importance on the Old Testament for its
apparent historicity, its moral stories, its prophecies, and its
preﬁguring of the New Covenant, as in the 13th-century stained
glass windows in the nave of Chartres Cathedral where Old
Testament scenes are coupled by their exegetical equivalents from
the New. Bible stories operated essentially on two levels (although
medieval exegetes distinguished as many as four): literal and divine
truth. In the Old Testament the Chosen People of the Israelites ﬁght
battles for their faith and their God, who commands violence,
protects his loyal warriors, and is Himself ‘a man of war’ (Exodus
15:3). Not only does God intervene directly, but He instructs His
agents to kill: Moses enlisting the Levites to slaughter the followers
of the Golden Calf (Exodus 32:26–8); God instructing Saul to
annihilate the Amalekites ‘men and women, infant and suckling’
(I Samuel 15:3). Warrior heroes adorn the Scriptural landscape –
Joshua, Gideon, David. In the Books of the Maccabees, recording
the battles of Jews against the rule of Hellenic Seleucids and their
Jewish allies in the 2nd century bc, butchery and mutilation are
praised as the work of God through His followers, whose weapons
are blessed and who meet their enemies with hymns and prayers.
‘So, ﬁghting with their hands and praying to God in their hearts,
they laid low no less than thirty-ﬁve thousand and were greatly
gladdened by God’s manifestation’ (II Maccabees 15:27–8). Many
Old Testament texts, especially those concerning Jerusalem (for
example Psalm 79: ‘O God, the heathen are come into thine
inheritance; thy holy temple have they deﬁled; they have laid
Jerusalem on heaps’, were easily incorporated into crusading
apologetics and polemic, but nowhere was the idiom of crusading
more apparent than in the Books of the Maccabees.

The Crusades

apocalyptic passages in the New Testament. The Revelation of
St John described a violent Last Judgement when celestial armies
followed ‘The Word of God’ and judged, made war, smote nations,
and trod ‘the winepress of the ﬁerceness and wrath of Almighty
God’ (Revelation 19:11–15). It is no coincidence that one of the most
famous and vivid eyewitness descriptions of the massacre in
Jerusalem on 15 July 1099 quoted verbatim Revelation 14:20: ‘And
the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of
the winepress, even unto the horses’ bridles.’ Apart from examples
of godly mayhem, the Bible imposed a generally providential and
speciﬁcally prophetic dimension on Christian holy war that is hard
to underestimate. If wars are seen as God’s will, then they act as
part of His scheme, either in imitation of past religious wars or,
more potently, as fulﬁlment of Biblical prophecy, a ﬁxation as
appealing to crusaders as later to Oliver Cromwell.
Christian holy war, therefore, derived from the Bible its essential
elements: Divine command; identiﬁcation with the Israelites, God’s
chosen; and a sense of acting in events leading towards the
Apocalypse. The historical and emotional vision of the holy warrior
encompassed the temporal and supernatural. The ﬁghting was only
too material but the purpose was transcendent. However, it is
difﬁcult to see how even the most bellicose interpretation of
Scripture alone could have produced such an acceptance and later
promotion of warfare without the need to reconcile Christianity
with the Roman state in the 4th and 5h centuries ad. While the
Bible bore witness to the Law of God, old and new, the HellenoRoman tradition had developed laws of man on which Christian
writers drew to devise a new theoretical justiﬁcation for war.
Aristotle, in the 4th century bc, had coined the phrase ‘just war’ to
describe war conducted by the state ‘for the sake of peace’ (Politics
I:8 and VII:14). To this idea of a just end, Roman law added the just
cause consequent on one party breaking an agreement (pax, peace,
derived from the Latin pangere, meaning to enter into a contract) or
injuring the other. Just war could therefore be waged for defence,
recovery of rightful property, or punishment provided this was
68

sanctioned by legitimate authority, that is the state. Cicero argued
for right conduct – virtue or courage – in ﬁghting a just war.
Consequently, all Rome’s external wars against hostes, public
enemies, especially barbarians, were regarded as just wars.

69

Holy war

With the 4th-century recognition of Christianity as the ofﬁcial
religion of the empire, Christians shouldered duties as good
citizens, encouraged to ﬁght in just wars for the defence of the
Christian empire. For the Roman state, religious enemies joined
temporal ones as legitimate targets for war: pagan barbarians and
religious heretics within the empire who could be equated with
traitors. However, no sooner had Christian writers such as Ambrose
of Milan (d.397) integrated Christian acceptance of war based on
the model of the Israelites with the responsibilities and ideology of
Roman citizenship than the political collapse of the empire in the
west threatened to undermine the whole theoretical basis of
Christian just war. This conundrum was resolved by Augustine of
Hippo (d.430) who, in passages scattered unsystematically through
his writings, combined Classical and Biblical ideas of holy and just
war to produce general principles independent of the Christian/
Roman Empire. To the Helleno-Roman legal idea of right causes
and ends, Augustine added a Christian interpretation of moral
virtue to right intent and authority. From his diffuse comments
three familiar essentials emerged: just cause, deﬁned as defensive
or to recover rightful possession; legitimate authority; right intent
by participants. Thus war, inherently sinful, could promote
righteousness. These attributes form the basis of classic Christian
just war theory, as presented, for example, by Thomas Aquinas
(1225–74). But Augustine did not regard violence as an ideal,
preferring the world of the spirit to that of the ﬂesh. His
justiﬁcation of war looked to the wars of the Old Testament: ‘the
commandment forbidding killing was not broken by those who
have waged war on the authority of God.’ Augustine was implicitly
moving the justiﬁcation of violence from lawbooks to liturgies,
from the secular to the religious. However, his lack of deﬁnition
in merging holy and just war, extended in a number of

The Crusades

pseudo-Augustinian texts and commentaries, produced a
convenient conceptual plasticity that characterized the
development of Christian attitudes to war over the subsequent
millennium and more. The language of the bellum justum became
current, while what was often described came closer to bellum
sacrum. This fusion of ideas might conveniently be called religious
war, wars conducted for and by the Church, sharing features of
holy and just war, in a protean blend that allowed war to become
valid as an expression of Christian vocation second only to
monasticism itself.
A just war was not necessarily a holy war, although all holy wars
were, per se, just. While holy war depended on God’s will,
constituted a religious act, was directed by clergy or divinely
sanctioned rulers, and offered spiritual rewards, just war formed
a legal category justiﬁed by secular necessity, conduct and aim,
attracting temporal beneﬁts. The fusion of the two became
characteristic of later Christian formulations. Where Rome
survived, in Byzantium, the eastern empire of Constantinople, the
coterminous relation of Church and State rendered all public war in
some sense holy, in defence of religion, approved by the Church.
However, Byzantine warfare remained a secular activity, for all its
Divine sanction, not, as it became in late 11th-century western
Europe, a penitential act of religious votaries. Elsewhere in
Christendom, while the ideals of paciﬁsm remained ﬁercely
defended by the monastic movement and its ideal of the
contemplative life, Christians and their Church had to confront
new secular attitudes to warfare consequent on political
domination by a Christianized Germanic military elite and new
external threats from non-Christians.

New Defenders of the Faith in the early Middle Ages
War occupied a central place in the culture as well as politics of the
Germanic successor states to the Roman Empire from the 5th
century. The great German historian of the origins of the crusading
70

mentality, Carl Erdmann, argued that for the new rulers of the west
war provided ‘a form of moral action, a higher type of life than
peace’. Heavily engaged in converting these warlords, the Christian
Church necessarily had to recognize their values, not least because,
with the collapse of Roman civil institutions, economic and social
order revolved around the ﬁscal and human organization of
plunder, tribute, and dependent bands of warriors held together by
kinship and lordship. Their Gods were tribal deliverers of earthly
victory and reward. It has been said that the early medieval army,
the exercitus, assumed a role as the pivotal public institution in and
through which operated justice, patronage, political discipline,
diplomacy, and ceremonies of communal identity, usually with the
imprimatur of religion, pagan or Christian. The effect of the
conversion of these Germanic peoples worked in two directions:
the Christianizing of their warrior ethic and the militarizing of the
Church.

The historical as well as literary type of the early medieval warrior
was Charlemagne (d.814), king of the Franks and, from 800,
71

Holy war

Contemporary descriptions of the conversion and early Christian
kings of the new political order are peppered with martial heroes in
the style of Constantine himself, such as Clovis the Frank (d.511) or
Oswald of Northumbria (d.644). Conversely, Christian evangelists
and holy men were depicted exercising physical aggression as God’s
agents in the style of the Old Testament Moses. Unsurprisingly,
Germanic warrior values infected the language of the faith being
conveyed, even if only in the seedbed of metaphor. In the 8thcentury Anglo-Saxon Dream of the Rood, Christ is depicted as ‘the
young warrior’, ‘the Lord of Victories’; death on the cross as a battle,
with Heaven a sort of Valhalla. A 9th-century Old German poetic
version of the Gospel story shows Christ as a lord of men, ‘a
generous mead-giver’, his disciples a war band travelling in
warships, Peter ‘the mighty noble swordsman’. While ﬁercely
resisted by many academics and monks, this militarized mentality
received the powerful conﬁrmation of events.

The Crusades

emperor of the west, his wars against pagan Saxons and Avars
portrayed by eulogists, ofﬁcial propaganda, and the Church in terms
of the Faith. Given that forcible conversion acted as part of his
policy of subduing the Saxons, the image reﬂected actual war aims.
Through prayers, blessings of warriors and their arms, liturgies, and
differential scales of penance, the Frankish Church elevated these
conﬂicts into holy wars. More widely, the Church presided over a
political culture in which the ﬁgure of the armed warrior
increasingly received religious as well as social approbation, a
development sharply illustrated in contemporary saints’ lives.
Warfare came to be recognized as possessing positive moral as well
as political value. As with the Roman Empire it professed to be
reviving, in the Carolingian Empire of the 8th and 9th centuries,
public war was ipso facto just and sanctioned by God. This became
even more apparent from the mid-9th century when, with the
disintegration of Carolingian power, western Europe was beset by
new external attacks from Muslims, Vikings, and Magyars which
lent an urgent, dynamic quality to the practice as well as theory of
Christian warfare. Political and religious survival became
synonymous as a concept of a religious community, Christendom
(Christianitas), replaced the disintegrating political community of
the Frankish Empire. Confronted by Muslims threatening Rome
itself, Pope John VIII (872–82) offered penitential indulgences
remitting the penalties of sin to those who fought and died ﬁghting.
His predecessor Leo IV (847–55) had similarly promised salvation
to warriors against the inﬁdels. The identiﬁcation of religion and
war surfaced across western Europe. Monkish propagandists
invariably called the Danish enemies of Alfred, king of Wessex
(871–99), pagans; his commanders decorated their swords with
Christian motifs and their battles were accompanied by prayers and
alms. A Frankish monastic annalist similarly described Danish
attacks as an ‘affront not to us but to Him who is all powerful’.
Such explicit Christian militancy, designed to inspire resistance
and conﬁrm communal solidarity, enlisted some unlikely recruits.
Even St Benedict (d.c.550), founder of the main contemplative
monastic movement of western Europe, was depicted in the later
72

9th century as ﬁghting the Vikings ‘with his left hand directing and
shielding the cavalry and with his right killing many enemies with
his staff ’.

The origins of the crusade in the 11th century
The changing articulation of the long-held acceptance of legitimate
religious war that combined elements of the Helleno-Roman and
Biblical traditions was fashioned as much by political circumstance
as by theology. Renewed attention to Augustinian theory from the
late 11th century came in response, not as an inspiration, to
greater ecclesiastical militancy. Secular inﬂuences included the
problem of public authority and social order after the collapse of
Charlemagne’s empire in the 9th and 10th centuries; the altered
73

Holy war

This militarization of western Christian culture that long predated
the Crusades should not be exaggerated. The monastic ideal
persisted, Aelfric of Cerne, abbot of Eynsham, at the end of the
10th century insisting on the monks’ vocation as ‘God’s champions
in the spiritual battle, who ﬁght with prayers not swords; it is they
who are the soldiers of Christ’. Although examples of warrior saints,
or saints who were once warriors, proliferated in the 10th and 11th
centuries, the moral dangers of ﬁghting continued to be recognized.
However, at least from Carolingian penitential observances
onwards, churchmen drew a distinction between killing in a public
conﬂict authorized by a legitimate secular (or religious) authority,
bellum, and illicit private war, sometimes distinguished by the word
guerra, those ﬁghting in the former receiving lighter penances for
their killing than those engaged in the latter. Still, the actual act of
combat remained sinful; despite ﬁghting under a papal banner in a
cause considered by their clergy to be just, William of Normandy’s
followers in 1066 were forced to perform modest penance for
the slaughter they inﬂicted at the Battle of Hastings. The late
11th-century revolution lay particularly in the settled
transformation of the actual violence, rather than its purpose,
scale, or intent, into a penitential act.

The Crusades

terms of the frontier conﬂicts with Islam, with Christians from the
10th century increasingly on the offensive; and a greater ideological
and political stridency of the papacy. Behind all of these lay the
cultural identity between lay and clerical rulers who belonged to the
same propertied aristocracy. Bishops took the ﬁeld in battles,
sometimes in armour, often at the head of their own military
entourage, occasionally engaging in physical combat. Equally, many
of the most vicious secular lords were patrons of monasteries, went
on exhausting and dangerous pilgrimages, and died in monastic
habits as associate members of religious orders.
This cultural intimacy, a feature of the whole of the early Middle
Ages, took on greater signiﬁcance in the development of holy war as
the apparatus of civil authority devolved downwards nearer to the
human and material resources on which all power depended as
public authority was usurped by private lordships. Although less
anarchic than once imagined, new social conditions by the end of
the 10th century encouraged violence as a means of settling
disputes as well as achieving more larcenous or territorial
ambitions. This fragmentation of power in western Francia (more
or less the region from the Rhine to the Pyrenees, later the cradle of
the crusade), by negating kingship, resulted in a deﬁcit of effective
public arbitration or political discipline. In such circumstances, to
secure protection and status, many churchmen deliberately
promoted the responsibility of men of violence to protect the
church. To achieve this, the activities of the warrior had to receive
explicit praise not just on the level of public wars against pagans
and heretics. This acceptance of the need for warlike protectors can
be traced in saints’ lives and monastic chronicles that exhibit a
characteristic schizophrenia when tackling the gilded ‘faithful to
God’ who were also self-serving killers, the contrast later favoured
by crusade apologetics between militia and malitia.
The symbiotic relationship of church and local military
aristocracies found concrete expression in formal proceedings
organized by local or regional clergy to ensure the physical
74

This trend received strong impetus from the 1050s through the
concern of successive popes with the idea and practice of holy war
as a weapon to establish the independence of the Church from lay
control, contest the authority of the German emperor, ensure the
political autonomy of the Roman see, and recover the lost lands of
Christendom. The moral standing of those who fought for the papal
agenda became an important aspect of the general policy, both in
the need to attract support and to assert the uniqueness of the
cause. In 1053, Leo IX (1048–54), leading an army in person
against the Normans of southern Italy, offered German troops
remission of penance and absolution for their sins, a tradition
followed by his successors. Papal banners were awarded to the
Norman invaders of Muslim Sicily (1060) and England (1066) and
to the Milanese Patarines, street gangs contesting control of the city
against the imperialists in the 1060s and 1070s in a struggle
elevated in papal rhetoric to a bellum Dei, a war of God. To combat
the ecclesiastical power of Emperor Henry IV (1056–1106) in
75

Holy war

protection and policing of their property. From the late 10th
century, across the duchy of Aquitaine and Burgundy, later
spreading to northern France and the Rhineland, church councils
were convened that proclaimed the Peace of God with arms bearers
swearing, in public ceremonies, to protect those outside the military
classes, effectively churchmen and their property. From the 1020s
speciﬁc periods of weeks or months were designated as Truces of
God, during which all such violence should cease, again to be
policed by sworn warriors. Although some have challenged the
direct inﬂuence of the Peace and Truce of God on the origins of
crusading, the Council of Clermont in 1095 authorized a Peace of
God at the same time as initiating the Jerusalem campaign. These
local churchmen, often in concert with regional counts, were not
simply condemning illicit attacks on their interests but approving,
indeed promoting, violence to prevent them. From being called
upon to bless wars for causes sacred and profane, the Church now
assumed the roles of author and director, its warriors that of
religious votaries.

The Crusades

Germany and his political ambitions in Italy, Pope Gregory VII
(1073–85), one of whose favourite quotations was ‘Cursed be he that
keepeth back his sword from blood’ (Jeremiah 48:10), sought to
recruit his own army, the militia Sancti Petri. Papal apologists
began to write of an ordo pugnatorum, an order of warriors, who
fought ‘for their salvation and the common good’, very much the
target audience identiﬁed by Urban II in 1095. By the end of his
pontiﬁcate, Gregory’s rhetoric transformed the status of his
warriors, comparing their service in defence of the Church as an
imitation of Christ’s suffering against ‘those who are the enemies of
the cross of Christ’. War had become an act of penance. An abortive
project for an eastern expedition in 1074 proposed by Gregory VII
to aid Byzantium evinced many elements later deployed by Urban
II. Gregory referred to the mandate of God and example of Christ;
the goal of Jerusalem; help for the eastern church as an act of
charity; and the offer of ‘eternal reward’. All that was missing were
the vow, the cross, and the associated privileges.
The papacy’s advocacy of a more embracive theory and practice of
holy war mirrored a wider transformation in the religious life of
11th- and 12th-century western Europe from an essentially
local and cultish faith, with regional saints and liturgies, to one
more regulated by pastoral uniformity, canon law, and international
ecclesiastical discipline. Devotion to saints and their relics became
increasingly universal, with a concurrent emphasis on the
historicity of the gospel stories, the humanity of Christ, and the cult
of the Virgin Mary, which began to dominate church dedications
across Christendom. Coupled with the development of elaborate
Easter rituals featuring Christ’s agonies for Man’s Redemption and
an increased concentration on the Christocentric aspects of the
Mass (for example the Real Presence, the use of cruciﬁxes, and so
on), the image of the Holy Land, of Christ’s suffering, and of
Christian obligation penetrated far beyond the reach of papal
rhetoric. The increased popularity of international or Biblical saints
reﬂected anxiety over salvation that the new conception of war
addressed directly. The perceived celestial clout of saints had long
76

However, there remain problems with this interpretation of Urban’s
scheme. On the one hand, armed pilgrimages to Jerusalem predated 1095; at least one group of armed German pilgrims in 1064
also wore crosses. On the other, in his correspondence in 1095–6,
Urban avoided any explicit reference to pilgrimage, talking instead
of a military expedition (expeditio) to ‘restrain the savagery of the
Saracens by their arms’. The portrayal of the Jerusalem war as a
pilgrimage emerged during the recruitment process, possibly from
77

Holy war

been a factor in their level of popularity, leading to the strenuous
promotion of local shrines by their guardians and the reciprocal
gifts of alms and property from the faithful. Penance emerged as a
most urgent issue for laymen because the methods for laymen to
attain remission of the penalties of sin remained rudimentary. The
problem may have appeared especially acute for lay arms bearers,
paradoxically because their function had come under such close
ecclesiastical scrutiny and acceptance. If monastic charters and
chronicles can be believed, penitential war answered a genuine
craving to expiate sin. The First Crusade drew excited praise as ‘a
new way of salvation’ for the military classes. Apart from donations
to monasteries so that monks could pray for their souls, increasingly
laymen in the 11th century found pilgrimages promoted by the
clergy as a means to expiate sin, with Jerusalem prominent in
practice and imagination. Psychologically, if not legally, religious
wars, especially against distant targets such as inﬁdels, lent
themselves to identiﬁcation with pilgrimages as both were
conducted for God and involved journeys, always a powerful
spiritual metaphor. Gregory VII’s reference to going on to the Holy
Sepulchre in his 1074 plan suggested a fusion of war (to help
eastern Christians) and pilgrimage, a connection repeated by Urban
II in granting indulgences in 1089 to those colonizing Tarragona on
the Muslim frontier in Spain. The Pisans who attacked Mahdia in
Tunisia in 1087 ﬁtted in a pilgrimage to Rome. The concept of an
armed pilgrimage has frequently been identiﬁed as the key to
explain the novel appeal of the expedition preached by Urban II,
offering a familiar frame for a new secular act of penance.

The Crusades

the clergy who had to broadcast the message and articulate
crusaders’ motives when compiling records of their fundraising.
Urban’s penitential journey could best be understood canonically as
a pilgrimage, with the emphasis on its spiritual quality. The pope’s
language and many charters were less ambivalent, calling for the
violent expulsion of the inﬁdel from the holy places ‘to ﬁght for God
against pagans and Saracens’, as one Burgundian charter put it.
Images of inﬁdel atrocity, brutality, and force permeate Urban’s
letters stressing the legitimacy of the war, both in terms of right
authority (the pope’s) and right intent (‘devotion alone’) to counter
any unease at such a blatant call to arms. Early responses, such as
the Rhineland massacres, indicated the centrality of violence in the
enterprise. The current historiographical emphasis on the pious
motives of crusaders can obscure the direct relationship between
piety and violence that inﬂuential elements in the Church had
willingly encouraged, recognizing them as mutually engaged
mentalities: service to Christ as physical vengeance; the dangers of
campaigning as the imitation of Christ’s sufferings; war as an act
of charity. In addressing a violent society, Urban, a French aristocrat
as well as a former monk, did not compromise with its values: he
and his ideology were part of it. Charters provide as much evidence
for martial as for pious responses to the First Crusade. Even the
letters of crusaders on the march are sparing in their association
with pilgrimage, although by 1099 and after the link became
ubiquitous. As a holy war, transcendent, spiritual, emotive, the
Jerusalem journey was rendered special by the plenary indulgences
and the elevated goal of the Holy Sepulchre. Given its stated
objective – Jerusalem – an armed pilgrimage may have seemed an
appropriate analogy to clerical observers, as nervous of unashamed
innovation as of unfettered violence. Only by virtue of the
Jerusalem journey becoming a habit did it require ﬁtting into the
existing structure of devotional exercises. Urban seemed to have
conceived of the operation as unique and unrepeatable; he
preached it openly as holy war not armed pilgrimage, a new vision
of a very old idea.

78

By contrast, the Muslim jihad has regularly and lazily been
compared with western Christian holy war and the crusade. Unlike
the crusade, under Islamic law derived from the Koran, jihad,
struggle, is enjoined on all members of the Muslim community.
Unlike the crusade, according to classical Islamic theory
traditionally dating from the 7th and 8th centuries but possibly
later, the jihad takes two forms: the greater (al-jihad al-akbar), the
internal struggle to achieve personal purity, a concept not too far
removed from St Paul’s martial metaphors for the spiritual life; and
the lesser (al-jihad al-asghar), the military struggle against inﬁdels.
Both were obligatory on able-bodied Muslims, but while the former
existed as a permanent individual obligation, the lesser jihad could
be interpreted as a communal activity. Unlike the crusade and
Christian holy war, to which the Islamic jihad appears to have owed
nothing (and vice versa), jihad was fundamental to the Muslim
faith, a sixth pillar. The essence of jihad remained as a spiritual
exercise. Its operation depended on context. In the Muslim lands,
the Dar al-Islam (House of Islam), a grudging religious tolerance
79

Holy war

Western Christianity held no monopoly on holy war. The Byzantine
Empire retained the Roman unity of Church and State that allowed
all State conﬂicts to attract ecclesiastical blessing. Greek emperors
portrayed themselves as champions of the Church, especially when
ﬁghting pagan Slavs in Bulgaria or Muslims in the Near East. While
never interfering with practical diplomacy, Byzantine holy war
rhetoric could adopt motifs familiar in the west, as in 975 when
John I Tzimisces (969–76) invaded Syria and northern Palestine
and may have dangled the prospect, if only in his propaganda, of the
reconquest of the holy sites of Jerusalem. Byzantine holy war
asserted an integral dimension of public policy, while never
attracting the association of violence as penance. It lacked the
novelty or the political and spiritual autonomous dynamism of its
western counterpart, hence the slightly jaded, condescending
superiority expressed by Greek observers, such as Anna Comnena
(1083–1153), daughter and biographer of Emperor Alexius I, at the
enthusiasm of the early crusaders.

The Crusades

was guaranteed by early Islamic texts, at least for the People of the
Book, Jews and Christians; instead of persecution or enforced
conversion they more proﬁtably paid a special poll tax, the jizya.
Pace modern sentimentalists and apologists, there existed little
generosity in such tolerance, merely pragmatism. By contrast,
beyond Islamic rule, in the Dar al-harb (House of War), nonMuslim political structures and individuals were open to attack as,
in Koranic theory, the whole world must recognize or embrace
Islam (which means surrender, that is to God) through conversion
or subjugation. As with Christian holy war, circumstances
determined the mujahiddin nature and conduct of jihad as much
as theory. In frontier areas, such as in Spain or Anatolia, groups of
ghazi or mujahiddin holy warriors, ﬂourished as mercenaries, in
tribal groups or, as in the military ribats of Muslim Spain, in
quasi-monastic communities. With the zeal of new converts, the
Seljuk Turks gave the jihad a new impetus along the border with
Byzantium, but for generations before the spiritual revival of the
12th century there was little attention paid within the Muslim
Near East to martial as opposed to spiritual jihad. It remains a
moot point whether the advent of the crusaders or fundamentalist
revivalism originating further east excited the new military
fanaticism espoused by the 12th-century Zengids and Ayyubids. In
later periods, the dominance of the Ottomans and an uncertainty,
which persists, about the existence of a genuine Dar al-Islam,
complicated attitudes to jihad. However, the genesis, nature, and
implementation of jihad cannot be equated directly with those of
the crusade; it operated and operates in a very different ideological
and religious value system, with different inspirations and
justiﬁcations, even if its power to inspire and its physical
consequences can be equally bloody for its victims and obsessive
for its initiates.

Holy war, crusade, and Christian society after 1095
In medieval Christendom the malleable contingency of the crusade
in concept and practice ensured its popularity and longevity. The
80

81

Holy war

deﬁned uniqueness of the Jerusalem journey allowed its essentials –
the vow, the cross, plenary indulgence, and temporal privileges – to
be transferred to other theatres of religious and ecclesiastical
conﬂict on the principle of equivalence: Spain, the Baltic, internal
enemies of the papacy, and heretics. The success of 1099 silenced
most critics as well as establishing later conduct. Holy war,
commanded by God, earning spiritual reward, continued to provide
an important weapon in the papacy’s armoury. To signal especial
gravity (or papal favour), a comparison with the Jerusalem war
could be drawn. However, the Jerusalem model exerted only
limited inﬂuence on canon law and in no sense became the
universal or exclusive form of Christian holy war. Its most profound
and lasting innovation came with the 12th- and 13th-century
creations of military religious orders, embodiments of the
oxymoronic nature of Christian holy war, whose members became,
uniquely in Christian society, permanent, professional holy
warriors. As a holy war, the crusade fell outside the categories for
just war explored in detail in the Decretum (ﬁrst redaction c.1139,
enlarged edition by 1158) traditionally ascribed to Gratian of
Bologna, its legal implications deriving from its associated
privileges standing apart from both the academic attempts to deﬁne
and limit warfare and the experience of battles of the cross. Away
from the Curia, especially in frontier regions on Christendom’s
northern and southern borders, where traditions of intercommunal and inter-faith conﬂicts readily merged, holy war offered
a natural recourse, its acceptability parallel to that of crusading,
deriving from similar cultural impulses, but not necessarily
narrowly determined by the Jerusalem war. The Danish writer Saxo
Grammaticus (c.1200) carefully cast his heroes in the Danish wars
against their neighbours in terms both speciﬁcally of crusade and
more generally of holy war. For his employer Archbishop Absalom
of Lund (d.1202), it was ‘no less religious to repulse the enemies of
public faith than to uphold its ceremonies’; he was content to make
‘an offering to God not of prayers but of arms’. Similarly in Spain,
the granting of formal crusading privileges acted within a context of
growing identiﬁcation of the Reconquista with holy war; as early as

The Crusades

c.1115, the patron saint, the Apostle St James, was described in a
northern Spanish chronicle as ‘the knight of Christ’.
While the long tradition of holy war continued to supply the
emotional intensity for a range of Christian warfare, the Jerusalem
war and its derivatives did not escape the scrutiny of lawyers and
academics who increasingly sought to integrate the crusade into a
comprehensive canonical justiﬁcation for violence, rather than, as
the appeals for the First and Second Crusades implied, rely simply
on Divine mandate and the individual devotional standards of
participants. Until the 13th century, and arguably beyond, the
crusade remained an ill-deﬁned legal concept. Where Christian war
coincided with classical just war categories, as with the defence of
Outremer (‘the heritage of Christ’), national defence, or the
suppression of heretics, fusion with classical and Augustinian just
war appeared obvious. In the temporal sphere, it also became
necessary, in clerical eyes, to produce a detailed set of legal
conditions determining the validity of warfare as crusade targets
diversiﬁed around 1200, at the same time as secular attitudes to
violence coalesced into social norms manifested in the cult of
‘chivalry’. The more respectable war became, the more urgent the
need for the Church to deﬁne what was and what was not sinful
about it, especially as Innocent III and his successors transformed
crusading into a universal Christian obligation involving all society.
Thus, as an aspect of the pastoral reformation within the western
church, holy war, not speciﬁcally crusading, became tempered by
theories of the just war, so much so that the mid-13th-century
canonist Hostiensis came close to deﬁning a crusade simply as a
papally authorized just war. By the end of the 14th century, Honoré
Bonet (or Bouvet) in the Tree of Battles (1387) answered the
question ‘By what law or on what ground can war be made against
the Saracens?’ with wholly traditional arguments based solely on a
just cause – occupation of Christian land or rebellion against
Christian rule, and papal authority. In this fashion, the crusade had
become reintegrated into a characteristic western European
concept of legitimate violence, catching its inspiration from holy
82

Whatever its legal frame, crusading operated as the ultimate
manifestation of conviction politics in medieval western Europe,
entrenching a narrow cultural and religious exclusivity. When
crusaders sacked Lisbon in October 1147, they murdered the local
Mozarab Christian bishop alongside his fellow Arabic-speaking
Muslim neighbours before happily installing an Englishman,
Gilbert of Hastings, as the new bishop. The failure of the Latin
Church hierarchy easily to cooperate or combine with higher ranks
of the eastern churches in Outremer or, later, Greece was notorious.
Although inherent in all holy wars, demonization of opponents
reached extreme levels in crusading rhetoric, reﬂecting both a
literary genre and a worldview conducive to a siege mentality, a
form of cultural paranoia so often the underbelly of cultural
assertiveness. Racism and intolerance of minorities were not caused
by the Crusades. Indeed, both in the Baltic and Spain, legal,
linguistic, cultural, and blood racism deepened in the centuries
83

Holy war

war and its legality, rules, and restraints, if any, from classical just
war theory. As such the language, motifs, and institutions of
crusading penetrated into conﬂicts where no formal apparatus of
crusading existed, for example the adoption of crosses by national
armies, such as the Danes c.1200 or the English in the 14th century.
So pervasive were the symbols and habits of crusading that they
could be turned to any political conﬂict that boasted an ideological
tinge, even in the most contradictory of circumstances. Crosses
were offered enemies of papal crusaders in southern Germany in
1240. During his rising against what he saw as the misgovernment
of Henry III of England in 1263–5, Simon de Montfort’s rebels
donned the white crusader crosses of the English kings, traditional
since the Third Crusade, to ﬁght royalist crusaders. The
prominence lent holy war by the Crusades contributed to the
familiar western European habit of warring parties of more or less
whatever description invoking self-righteous religiosity in support
of their cause, a habit, exported to European settlements around
the world from the 17th century, that remains current in the 21st
century.

14. The medieval ideal of the crusader knight. An English illustration
from a mid-13th-century psalter: piety and power.
84

after the main conquest by warriors of the cross. Yet, in anti-Jewish
pogroms and wars against heretics and dissent, crusading helped
deﬁne a rancid aspect of a persecuting mentality that came as the
almost inevitable concomitant of a Church bent on supremacy and
uniformity to secure its pastoral ends and secular rulers eager for
ideological sanction for their wars.

85

Holy war

As holy war addressed fundamental issues of Christian identity and,
it was frequently proclaimed, Christian survival, its elements
remained embedded in European society as well as providing a
cutting edge in the expansion of Latin Christendom southwards,
eastwards, and northwards. The habit of crusading died hard; in
the 15th century crusading formulae were natural appendages for
the expansion of European power down the west coast of Africa and
into the eastern Atlantic, as they were in the religious wars in
Bohemia as well as in defence against the Turks. In the 16th century
and beyond, the Ottomans kept the images and occasionally the
reality of the war of the cross alive, while the internal religious
divisions in Europe ushered in a period of religious wars no less
vicious in commitment and butchery than anything witnessed in
previous centuries. Some historians would argue that the period of
the Crusades deﬁned Christianity’s affection for holy war – far from
it. The Crusades formed only one articulation of Christian holy war,
whose origins long pre-dated 1095 and whose legacy refused to
fade. Even in a supposedly more secular age, self-righteous,
ideologically justiﬁed warfare persists. The modern world has
embraced, variously with horror and energy, ideological, religious,
and pseudo-religious violence as well as racist, nationalist, and
anti-Semitic pogroms on an industrial scale, all in the context of
justifying moralities. The moral high ground of the 21st century,
whether shaded by the banners of religion, reason, capitalism, or
freedom, still lies pitted with the rank shell-holes of holy war.

Chapter 6
The business of the cross

Crusading was not a spontaneous act. An individual rush of
conviction or the sudden collective convulsion of a crowd might
provoke the initial act of commitment, the adoption of the cross.
However, the translation of that obligation into action depended on
personal, political, social, ﬁnancial, and economic preparation and
planning and generated widely diffused legal and ﬁscal institutions.
No cross, no crusade, but equally no money, no crusade; no group,
no crusade; no leadership, no crusade; no transport, no crusade. If
this sounds reductive, it is. Piety and what may pass for religious
energy contribute to an explanation of motive and campaign
morale. Armies may march on their stomachs, but it is difﬁcult to
make them ﬁght and die without a cause, without some internal
dynamic that acts beyond reason to send warriors over the top or
stand their ground. But all the passion in the universe could not,
cannot, create war, crusading or not, without the organization and
manipulation of recruitment, ﬁnance, logistics, military structure –
and ideas.

Preaching
Preaching demonstrates this, providing some of crusading’s most
familiar images. A preacher, arriving in a town or village bearing
a tale of disaster, a call to battle, a promise of salvation, and a
knapsack of crosses, converts his audience by his fervour and
86

15. Bernard of Clairvaux preaching the Second Crusade at Vézelay,
Easter 1146. This romantic vision, by E. Signol, was displayed in the
Salles des Croisades at Versailles in 1838 and owes everything to
imagination rather than fact.
87

The Crusades

eloquence alone. Urban II at Clermont provided the prototype,
Christ and John the Baptist the imagined models. Such scenes
punctuate crusade history: the inspirational Bernard of Clairvaux
on the hillside at Vézelay in 1146; the prosaic Archbishop Baldwin
of Canterbury stomping around Wales in 1188; the charismatic Fulk
of Neuilly stirring up northern France around 1200; the
sophisticated James of Vitry beguiling the rich women of Genoa in
1216. Yet preaching worked within tightly organized programmes of
information and recruitment in which the sermon provided only a
focus. Chroniclers and the preachers themselves idealized the
process into a perfect system of evangelism which engaged the
faithful directly with the orthodox teaching of the Church, as well
as supplying a useful starting point for a didactic narrative. In a
semi-literate society, ceremonial rituals, of which the crusade
sermon was one of the most conspicuous, provided a powerful
medium for conveying public messages. However, to achieve any
effect, the signiﬁcance of such rituals needed to be understood
beforehand, either by long use, as with the Latin Mass, prior
publicity, or rehearsal. The crusade preacher expected to preach, if
not to the converted, then to the prepared whose interest needed
conﬁrmation through a series of formulaic responses, most
obviously the taking of the cross. Along with their supply of cloth
crosses to be given to the crucesignati, crusade preachers armed
themselves with rolls of parchment on which to write the names of
the recruits. Without good preparation, the whole procedure could
fall ﬂat; in 1267, when Louis IX took the cross for the second time,
apparently many refused to follow his example because they had
not been warned what was afoot.
Evidence for crusade sermons before the late 12th century
remains dependent on chronicle accounts. From these it appears
such sermons were neither regular nor widespread before the Third
Crusade. With the rise in the use of crusading as a military weapon
and its integration into the wider devotional life of the Christian
west, the frequency of crusade preaching increased and its
organization by the papacy became more systematic. Innocent III
88

used Cistercians for the Fourth Crusade and a corps of Paris trained
reformers such as James of Vitry for the Albigensian and Fifth
Crusades. From the 1230s his successors employed the Friars as the
main crusade proselytizers. Paradoxically, after Innocent III’s bull
Quia Maior (1213) for the Fifth Crusade, the frequency of sermons
operated in inverse proportion to their role in recruitment as the
offer of the uniquely redemptive plenary crusade indulgence was
extended to non-combatants. Crusade preaching increasingly acted
as part of more general evangelizing. Still promoting a particular
spiritual endeavour and commitment, the function of sermons
broadened to include fundraising as well as recruitment.

89

Business of the cross

Crusade sermons followed patterns of form and presentation to
ensure the outcome peculiar to this particular ritual, the physical
commitment of taking the cross. As at modern evangelical and
revivalist meetings, the congregation could not remain passive.
They had to ‘come on down’ and, therefore, needed to be primed by
example and expectation. All rituals need careful stagemanagement if they are to convey meaning and avoid absurdity and
the disbelief of the audience – crusade sermons, with their layers of
intent and lack of regularity, more than most. At Clermont, Urban
II was careful to ensure that, once he had ﬁnished speaking,
Adhemar, bishop of Le Puy, immediately came forward to show the
rest of the congregation how to take the cross, while a cardinal in
the back row set up the chant of ‘God wills it!’ as a means of
inspiring a sense of group involvement. Neither Clermont nor any
of the other assemblies that witnessed the great arias of crusade
rhetoric over the next ﬁve centuries gathered by chance, but by
careful arrangement. In 1146, no accident had brought together the
nobility of France to hear Bernard of Clairvaux at Vézelay; he had
brought with him ‘a parcel of crosses which had been prepared
beforehand’. Louis VII, sitting on the platform beside Bernard, had
voiced his interest in the Holy Land campaign months before, and
was already wearing a cross sent him by the pope, leaving no doubt
as to the purpose of the occasion. Bernard’s task was to publicize the
papal bull, explaining the need for war and the spiritual and

The Crusades

temporal privileges, and to conﬁrm recruits. His sermons in 1146–7
merely highlighted the issues and secured previously agreed
responses. This became the usual form. When Archbishop Baldwin
toured Wales in Lent 1188, his audiences knew in advance exactly
when and where to meet him and what to do. At Basel in 1201, the
crowds ﬂocking to hear Abbot Martin of Pairis’s formulaic, if
apparently moving, address had been ‘stimulated by rumours’ of
crusade preaching and arrived ‘prepared in their hearts to enlist in
Christ’s camp . . . hungrily anticipating an exhortation of this sort’.
Yet the author of this account went out his way, despite his own
testimony, to portray Martin’s sermon as autonomously
inspirational.
A whole gallery of manipulative techniques was employed to
support the rhetoric. Props included relics of the True Cross,
cruciﬁxes, and visual aids. A Muslim contemporary described how
preachers of the Third Crusade in 1188 travelled around with a large
illustrated canvas. On it, a Muslim cavalryman was depicted
trampling the Holy Sepulchre, on which his horse had urinated.
While, by the 13th century, congregations had grown familiar
with special prayers and processions dedicated to the Holy Land as
well as ceremonies for taking the cross, there were still no liturgical
formularies for responses to sermons. In this ritual of penance and
commitment, the congregation needed direction. One aid was
provided by the seasons of the church calendar, crusade sermons
often being delivered during the penitential seasons of Lent or
Advent, or at the great Christocentric festivals of Easter and
Christmas, or on 14 September, Holy Cross Day. Another came
from a telling liturgical setting, frequently the Mass with its
concentration on the physicality of the Body and Blood of Christ.
Audiences were softened up and involved by the use of chants and
slogans – football crowds meet Billy Graham in religious circus.
When Cardinal Henry of Albano preached in Germany in 1188, the
clergy and laity sang hymns about Jerusalem to get everyone into
the mood. Once signed up, crucesignati sang songs or chants to
encourage corporate identity, or recited together the General
90

The content of sermons functioned within this highly artiﬁcial,
ritualized staging. Often using the relevant papal bull, preachers
rehearsed past events and explained the justiﬁcation for war both
on the grounds of atrocities to be avenged and of moral duty. A
common literary and possibly genuine experience described how
the emotions not the actual words preached were understood, the
message reaching the uncomprehending audience by divine rather
than oral or aural mediation. The preacher and his words, especially
if delivered in Latin to large crowds, were distant, inaudible, or
unintelligible as means of direct communication, rather like
William Gladstone at his mass meetings in the late 19th
century. The occasion was as important as any words. Medieval
sermons provided witnesses to divine mystery, settings for spiritual,
political, or social dialogue. In the 13th century, to signal this
religious ceremonial function, those attending sermons were
offered indulgences of their own whether or not they took the cross.
Such sermons ritualized enthusiasm rather than rousing rabbles.
91

Business of the cross

Confession from the Mass to underline the penitential nature of
their undertaking. Getting audiences to that point was not left to
chance or oratory alone. James of Vitry observed that to encourage
others it helped to have a member of the audience come forward
promptly to take the cross at the end of the sermon, to break the ice,
and, like Adhemar of Le Puy at Clermont, show how it was done. At
Radnor in March 1188, Gerald of Wales, having been told by
Archbishop Baldwin, the Chief Justiciar of England, and King
Henry II himself to set the requisite example (the primate not being
the world’s most inspirational evangelist), stood up ﬁrst to take the
cross: ‘In doing so I gave strong encouragement to the others and an
added incentive to what they had just been told.’ According to
admiring written accounts, crusade preaching campaigns were
accompanied by sightings of miracles, sometimes as simple as
clouds shaped in the beholders’ eye as crosses or other celestial
portents, natural accompaniment to such overt religious exercises.
The whole operation rested on calculation, planning, and
showmanship.

The Crusades

Repeated references to interpreters, the survival of morally edifying
vernacular anecdotes (exempla), and the advice contained in
increasingly popular 13th-century preaching manuals suggest
that attempts were made to communicate in audiences’ own
languages as well as Latin. While the sermons that have been
preserved tend towards the elaborate and the academic, some
preaching veterans emphasized the need for simplicity; others
indicated the importance of oratorical tricks, including repetition of
almost mantra-like phrases or the inclusion of arresting moral
stories variously to illustrate duty, adventure, or salvation.
In combining symbolic spiritual commitment with public church
evangelism, crusade sermons represented much of the new
reformist idealism associated with the pontiﬁcate of Innocent III.
Preachers began to think of taking the cross as a form of conversion,
a complete amendment of spiritual life similar, if less permanent, to
becoming a monk. The crusade sermon’s mixture of direct appeal to
the laity, penance, confession, and duty to Christ touched most of
the key elements of the reformers’ programme. Yet these
ceremonies also served as key moments in political processes such
as the paciﬁcation of kingdoms. Monarchs could ﬁnd in them
occasions to conﬁrm their status and elicit open demonstrations of
support from their nobles, as did Louis VII of France at Vézelay,
Easter 1146; Conrad III of Germany at Speyer, Christmas 1146; and
Frederick I of Germany at the so-called ‘Court of Christ’ at Mainz,
where he took the cross in March 1188. At the conference between
Philip II of France and Henry II of England at Gisors in January
1188, the need to unite to recover the Holy Land eased the
reconciliation of suspicious rivals. Diplomatic compromise could
both be sealed and disguised under the banner of the cross.
However, whether as an expression of evangelism or diplomacy, or
simply a means of raising men and money, the crusade sermon, for
all its prominence, performed a series of roles largely subsidiary to
the wider organization of crusading. Recruitment followed patterns
established beyond the preachers’ congregations; locally,
ceremonies for taking the cross existed independently. Nonetheless,
92

sermons orchestrated a measure of discipline, of people, responses,
and ideas, increasingly attractive to a Church ever more intent on
uniformity of belief and devotional practice.

Recruitment and ﬁnance

When lordship threatened to collapse or no clear order of
precedence existed, crusaders, like their contemporaries in towns
across Europe, resorted to sworn associations known as communes.
These established procedures for making decisions, settling
disputes, dividing spoils, and imposing discipline. This decidedly
93

Business of the cross

Crusading armies, like any other, were assembled through a mixture
of loyalty, incentive, and cash, and maintained and run through ties
of lordship, clientage, sworn association, or, for defaulters, legal
coercion. In the absence of kings as clear overlords, for example on
the First and Fourth Crusades, these mechanisms proved vital in
producing coherence and order. Recruitment revolved around the
households and afﬁnities of princes, lords, knights, and urban elites.
The misnamed Peasants’ Crusade of Peter the Hermit in 1096
differed from other major expeditions only in the social standing of
its leaders and the ratio of knights to infantry and, perhaps, noncombatants. In a society in which in many regions the bulk of the
population were bound to landlords by servile tenure, only freemen
could legitimately take the cross; serfs who did so were ipso facto
manumitted. On campaign, if no previous bond of allegiance
existed, crusaders made their own. Peter the Hermit’s expedition in
1096 possessed a common treasury. By the time the Christian host
reached Antioch in 1097–8, a joint command had been formed by
the leaders of the different contingents with a common fund that
channelled money through a sworn confraternity towards essential
construction work for the siege. Loyalties could be bought, knights
and lords transferring allegiance when they or their own lords died,
deserted, or went bust. Even with the involvement of kings, as in the
Second and Third Crusades, individual lords remained responsible
for their own followers, whether subsidized by monarchs or not.

The Crusades

non-feudal system of self-government became a crusade
commonplace, from the disparate North Sea ﬂeet that assembled
at Dartmouth in May 1147 and later helped capture Lisbon, to
individual ships’ companies from northern European cities in the
Third Crusade, to the leadership of the Fourth Crusade. One of
the failures of the Fifth Crusade at Damietta lay in its inability to
establish either an agreed leader or a sworn commune. Such
associations also operated, at least in some corners of France in
1147, at the level of local seigneurial bands coming together to
embark on the Lord’s business. Sometimes these arrangements
failed. The rules sworn by Louis VII and his captains before leaving
France in 1147 on the Second Crusade were ignored. Months later,
to save the French army from annihilation in Asia Minor, another
sworn commune was formed, this time to accept the leadership and
discipline of the Templars. Communal leadership did not preclude
the military requirement for a clear command structure. The
election of Simon de Montfort as commander of the Albigensian
Crusade in 1209 saved it from degenerating into a brief foray of
rampage and pillage.
The importance of access to ﬁnance cannot be overestimated. The
commonest reason given by backsliders in England around 1200 for
non-fulﬁlment of the vow was poverty. It is no accident that rules
for borrowing money ﬁgure prominently in the earliest crusade
bull, Quantum praedecessores (1145/6) and its most important
successors, Audita Tremendi (1187) and Quia Maior (1213). Much
of the evidence for the identity and circumstances of individual
crusaders derives from their land deals to raise cash from their
landed estates and property, usually from the Church. The cost of
crusading represented many times a landowner’s annual income.
The need for money determined the agreement of the First Crusade
leadership in 1097 to swear fealty to the Byzantine emperor. It
provided the impetus for the diversion of the Fourth Crusade to
Zara (1202) and Constantinople (1203–4). Money allowed Richard
I to dominate the Palestine war of 1191–2 on the Third Crusade,
and Cardinal Pelagius, through his control of the funds raised by
94

16. Preparations for the crusade. From the Statutes of the 14thcentury French chivalric Order of the Holy Spirit enjoining on members
the obligation to enlist in any crusade to the Holy Land, illustrations
emphasizing the essential material dimensions of such enterprises.
95

The Crusades

taxation of the church in the west, to inﬂuence decisions at
Damietta during the Fifth Crusade in 1219–21. Although foraging
allowed land armies to subsist, chroniclers repeatedly exclaimed
at the iniquities of local markets and exorbitant prices from the
Balkans to Syria. For sea transport, the capital outlay could be huge.
During the Third Crusade, Philip II’s promise to the Genoese of
5,850 silver marks to ship his army to the Holy Land in 1190
appears extremely modest compared with Richard I’s expenditure –
in advance – of £14,000 (c.21,000 marks) on his large ﬂeet alone.
Small wonder Richard felt the need to extort 40,000 gold ounces
from Tancred of Sicily in the winter of 1190–1. The Fourth Crusade
leadership’s massive commitment of 85,000 marks to Venice
constituted almost literally a king’s ransom (Richard I’s came to
100,000 marks in 1194) but paled before Louis IX’s estimated
expenditure on his ﬁrst crusade of 1.5 million livres tournois, six
times his annual income.
Talk of money throws up the two old chestnuts of proﬁt and
younger sons. Crusading was very expensive. Without royal or
ecclesiastical subsidies, money had to be raised through selling or
mortgaging property, often at high hidden rates of interest. One
cliché of medieval history insists that people sought to increase
their property at any opportunity, except, it seems, crusaders who
condemned their families at the very least to a short-term and
possibly permanent loss. Given that most crusaders desired, if not
expected, to return, having little interest in permanent emigration,
it is hard to identify where crude material proﬁt in the modern
sense featured in their motives, contenting themselves with the
seemingly no less real rewards of relics, salvation, and social status.
This distinction between crusaders and settlers operates even more
sharply when considering the idea that crusading appealed
especially to younger sons on the make, forced out of the west by the
spread of patrilinear inheritance rules that left only the eldest
holding the inheritance. While it is feasible that settlers, in Syria
but perhaps especially in the Baltic regions, were encouraged to
96

In any case, changes in crusade funding in the 13th century
transformed the whole basis of participation and organization.
Increasingly conﬁgured as an obligation on all Christendom, in
theory the business of the cross could demand contributions from
all the faithful. However, this principle only translated into reality
with the development of secular and ecclesiastical political control
and ﬁscal exploitation. Taxation for crusading was introduced only
97

Business of the cross

migrate by lack of prospects at home, this cannot be shown for
crusaders. The need for ﬁnance meant that armies were manned by
those in possession or expectation of patrimonies or those, such as
the large number of artisans recorded in crusade forces, who had
marketable skills. The foot soldiers were legally but not necessarily
economically free. The sources show that crusading ran in
propertied families without distinction of inheritance claims,
eldest sons, great lords as well as younger siblings and dependent
relatives. Emigration, at least amongst aristocrats, may show a
tendency to favour those lacking great expectations at home,
but this must remain no more than a plausible guess given the
inadequate statistical base available of known individual
immigrants to Syria, Iberia, or the Baltic. The idea that western
inheritance customs, either by excessive partibility of estates or
the exclusion of younger sons, explain the 12th- and 13thcentury diaspora from the central regions of early medieval
Europe – Italy, France, Germany, England – to the Celtic, Slavic,
Finno-Ugrian, Greek, or Arabic peripheries may be attractive as
a mechanistic model of causation. But evidence suggests it
cannot explain the particular phenomenon of crusading where
the crusaders were not settlers by intent or even accident. The
assumption prevalent until recently that most of the immigration
into Frankish Outremer came from the crusade armies no longer
looks either credible or accurate; it was never advanced for
settlement in Iberia or the Baltic when civilian settlement followed
military conquest. Although they individually existed, as general
deﬁning types, the mercenary crusader and the younger son must
ride into the sunset of serious historical debate together.

The Crusades

ﬁtfully. To pay for Duke Robert of Normandy’s crusade in 1096, his
brother King William II Rufus of England levied a heavy land tax
in England to pay the 10,000 marks to mortgage the duchy for
three years. In 1146–7, Louis VII of France raised money from the
church and perhaps from towns in the royal demesne. In response
to diplomatic pressure, in 1166 and 1185 the kings of England and
France imposed general but modest taxes (of between 1 and 0.4 per
cent) on revenues, property, and movables (that is, proﬁts). The
defeat at Hattin and loss of Jerusalem in 1187 prompted the radical
innovation of the Saladin tithe of 1188 in England and France, a
tenth on movables payable by non-crucesignati. Once again left to
secular rulers to collect, Henry II, always keen to try new forms of
ﬁnancial exaction, met with some success, while opposition forced
Philip II to cancel collection in 1189. In Germany, where no
tradition of direct royal taxation survived, no such levy was
instituted. Although it is unclear how much money Henry II raised
from the Saladin tithe, still less how much was actually spent on the
crusade, the form of the tax provided a model for consensual and
parliamentary grants in the following century. However, taxation
operated by secular powers was subject to the vagaries of secular
politics and custom. In France, the obligation to pay for a lord’s
crusade joined the three traditional feudal aids of ransom,
knighting of the eldest son, and marriage of the eldest daughter. In
England, government crusade taxation only surfaced when the holy
business became central royal policies, as in the years leading to the
Lord Edward’s crusade of 1271–2, which elicited a parliamentary
grant in 1270. In France in the 1240s, Louis IX similarly channelled
large sums from royal revenues towards the crusade.
However, Louis IX did not have to rely on his own resources;
two-thirds of his estimated expenses came from a grant of church
taxation. The raising of money directly from ecclesiastical revenues
by the church authorities themselves revolutionized crusade
funding. First instituted, unsuccessfully, by Innocent III in 1199,
after the decree Ad Liberandam of the Fourth Lateran Council
in 1215 approving a grant of one-twentieth of church income for
98

Sea transport and independent Church funding prompted a more
professional approach in assembling armies, with written contracts
and cash retainers playing a more evident role. Thus, in 1221,
Cardinal Ugolino of Ostia, later Pope Gregory IX (1227–41), toured
northern Italy signing onto the Church’s payroll crusade recruits
99

Business of the cross

three years for the Fifth Crusade, all subsequent major crusade
enterprises sought similar ecclesiastical taxes, often to the dismay of
local church leaders. Such institutionalized ﬁscal incorporation of
the church into crusading operations matched the newly articulated
ideology of universal involvement of Christendom in the Lord’s
War. Beside ecclesiastical taxation, mechanisms were developed
between 1187 and 1215 that allowed pious laymen to donate funds
for the crusade on a more or less permanent basis through
charitable giving (gifts and alms), legacies, and, from 1213, vow
redemptions. Far from signalling mercenary exploitation of a
corrupt ideal, as some historians have argued, the offer of cash
redemption of crusade vows in return for crusade indulgences
mirrored the Church’s attempts to evangelize the laity through a
wider range of penitential exercises, on a par with the adoption of
compulsory aural confession in 1215. Chests designated for crusade
donations appeared in parish churches across Christendom and
preachers increasingly sought to promote cash vow redemptions, a
move that aroused healthy cynicism among some observers when
the task became the preserve of the supposedly mendicant Friars.
By the 14th century, crusade indulgences were beginning to
be sold outright, without the need to take the cross. Such moves
widened the social embrace of crusading and its indulgence to
include the old, the inﬁrm, the less well-to-do, and women. The
funds from taxation, donations, legacies, and redemptions were
gathered by local collectors and administered by the Church,
creating a series of cash deposits eagerly sought by aspiring
crusaders. Much of the practical business of the cross after 1215
revolved around the management and disposal of these
ecclesiastically generated or held funds that directly affected how
crusades to the east in particular were recruited.

The Crusades

who had not taken the cross. Contracts between crusaders
specifying payment for a set number of soldiers survive from the
1240s. Richard of Cornwall hoped to pay for much of his crusade
in 1240–1 from the proceeds of vow redemptions. Edward of
England’s crusade of 1271–2, paid for from lay and clerical
subsidies, has been described as ‘perhaps the ﬁrst English military
force to be systematically organised by the use of written contracts,
with standard terms available for service’. The cohesion central
funding could provide can be illustrated by the contrasting fates of
two of the best-equipped expeditions to the east, Frederick of
Germany’s of 1189 and Louis IX’s of 1249. Frederick’s followers had
to pay for themselves; after he drowned in 1190 the force
disintegrated. Louis IX spent much time both before leaving France
in 1248 and throughout the campaign of 1249–50 trying to entice
nobles who were not his vassals, like the chronicler John of
Joinville, into his paid service. Even after the debacle in the Nile
Delta in 1250, Louis’s resources held his shattered army together.
Ironically, more efﬁcient exploitation of resources reﬂected
increased central control in many kingdoms of the west, which
ultimately impeded the crusade by elevating national or dynastic
self-interest above international stability. It also altered perceptions
of how crusading should best be conducted. The early 14thcentury Venetian Marino Sanudo, in advice never actually
implemented, argued that any initial attacks of Mamluk Egypt
should be undertaken by forces paid from central church funds
and manned by professionals, and explicitly not by crucesignati.
This, he felt, would ensure a more efﬁcient military outcome.
An alternative institutional method of funding and recruitment
reached its apogee and nadir in the century after 1215. The Military
Orders had long offered a source of permanent manpower, with a
constant pool of money from their estates in the west. From the
1130s, the Orders had received lavish donations of land and
property from pious donors, the proﬁts of which subsidized their
activities in the Holy Land and elsewhere. Increasingly, they took
over the defence of the Latin states of Outremer and acted as
100

The crusade and Christian society
Crusading was a function of western European society. Assessment
of its impact must distinguish between the distinctive and the
contingent. The wars of the cross did not create the expansion of
Latin Christendom or the internationalization of saints’ cults. Nor
did they create Christianity’s embrace of holy war, a more
sophisticated penitential system, the birth of purgatory, the
militancy of the papal monarchy, the rise in anti-Semitism, or the
exclusion or persecution of minorities and Christian dissidents.
Unlike the campaigns in the eastern Mediterranean, the conquests
and colonization in Spain or the Baltic and the papal wars against
its enemies did not owe their inception to crusading formulae. Most
people did not go on crusade. Only occasionally could crusading
enterprises be regarded as ‘popular’ in the sense of being initiated
101

Business of the cross

bankers for visiting crusaders. In Spain, strategic frontier defences
were entrusted to local as well as international orders. In the Baltic,
Military Orders offered the solution to the sporadic, transient, and
underfunded lay crusading, with the Teutonic Knights creating their
own states in Prussia and Livonia. However, the evacuation of the
Holy Land in 1291 led to a widespread soul-searching about the
Orders’ role and use of their extensive wealth. This debate
contributed directly to the persecution and suppression of the
Templars between 1307 and 1314 on trumped-up charges of heresy,
corruption, and sodomy, as well as to the relocation of the
headquarters of the Teutonic Knights at Marienberg in 1309 and
the Hospitallers’ conquest of Rhodes the same year. Yet many still
regarded a combination of general church subsidy with the model
of a Military Order, with its channels of funding and structures of
command, commitment, and discipline, as potentially the most
effective way of organizing a new eastern crusade. However, the
very techniques that made such theories possible militated against
their fulﬁlment. Church taxes or the lands of discredited Military
Orders were far too lucrative for national governments to leave for
the business of the cross that had inspired them.

The Crusades

primarily by groups below the rural and urban elites, such as the
Children’s Crusade of 1212 and the Shepherds’ Crusades of 1251 and
1320. The wider social involvement came from large-scale
recruitment by the nobility in limited areas for speciﬁc campaigns
and, increasingly, through taxation, the legal implications of the
taking of the cross and the extension of access to the indulgence via
contributions and vow redemptions after 1200. The concept of
‘Crusading Europe’ misleads. Nevertheless, these wars added a
particular quality to society in their rhetorical deﬁnition of a
pathology of respectable violence, the unique attraction of
the associated privileges, and the disruption to public and private
life.
The peculiar fashioning of a vocabulary and practice of penitential
violence that developed in the century and a half after 1095
provided the Church with a powerful weapon to aim at its
opponents and a means to cement its importance in the politics of
its allies and the lives of the faithful. As an activity that justiﬁed the
social mores of the ruling military elites of the west, crusading
became the context for a wide range of unconnected social and
political rituals. Landowners dated their charters from their
crusading deeds. Diplomatic alliances were agreed under the cloak
of aiding the Holy Land. Taking the cross acted as a symbol of
reconciliation between parties in dispute or a demonstration of
loyalty and allegiance in which no side lost face. Politicians at a low
ebb sought help in the language of the cross; King John of England
took the cross in 1215 shortly before being forced to agree to the
Magna Carta. By the mid-13th century, commitment to the business
of the cross had become a requisite in diplomatic exchanges, rulers,
such as Henry III of England, who left their vows unfulﬁlled cutting
morally ambiguous ﬁgures. Those refusing to go on crusade were
popularly known as ‘ashy’, tied to their home ﬁres. The familiar
literary stereotype of the descroisié, content to enjoy his crusade
privileges through vow redemptions, frightened of the sea, and
anxious to protect his position at home, indicated how far crusading
institutions had penetrated beyond the recruiting hall.
102

103

Business of the cross

The social and economic disruption of active crusading varied.
The expeditions east of Theobald of Champagne or Richard of
Cornwall in 1239–41 did not compare with the great efforts of
1146–8, 1189–92, or 1248–50, while crusades in Spain and the
Baltic added only marginal lustre and perhaps some recruits to the
habitual campaigning of the Iberian, Danish, or German princes.
Yet even small-scale enterprises could inﬂuence local land markets
and regional balances of wealth and power as crusaders
mortgaged or sold their property. For families, the cost of
crusading and the absence of property owners for very long
periods could be highly damaging, leading to disparagement of
estates and widows, or worse, some wives being murdered by
impatient claimants to the crusaders’ lands. Casualty rates,
especially on the land-based expeditions, could be extreme;
perhaps over 80% of those who set out in 1096–7 did not
survive. Enhanced social standing for returning crusaders may
have been little compensation. More generally, the liberation of
church-held bullion to subsidize crusaders may have encouraged
the circulation of wealth and thus stimulated local economies.
Regionally, prices of war commodities, such as horse shoes,
arrows, sides of bacon, and cheese could rise, as they did in
England in the early 1190s. Suppliers of transport, from mules and
carts to the great transmarine ﬂeets, beneﬁted. However, a fair
proportion of the wealth collected in the west was dissipated
unproductively on war materials and campaign expenses far from
home. Crusade taxation, like any other in the Middle Ages, tended
to be regressive, falling on those at the base of the economy. That
helped to ensure the popularity among aristocratic crusaders of
the new ﬁnancing arrangements in the 13th century. Vow
redemptions cost less than active crusading but acted as a hidden
tax on the faithful. Yet, without crusading, it cannot be clear that
this wealth would have been redirected to more ostensibly
productive ends or even circulated at all. International trade
between the eastern and western Mediterranean piggy-backed on
the Crusades and vice versa; they were manifestations of a single,
if diverse, process of commercial expansion of markets and trade

The Crusades

routes. An overall ﬁnancial balance sheet is impossible to
determine, but the Crusades, however wasteful of lives and effort,
of themselves neither signiﬁcantly ruined nor enriched the
economy of western Europe.
The legal privileges granted crusaders reached as far as ﬁnance into
the interstices of social life. Church protection and immunity from
interest, debts, and law suits were enforced by secular as well as
ecclesiastical courts from the Papal Curia downwards. Away from
the high-proﬁle cases of infringement of the rules, as when Richard
I’s lands were threatened in his absence, the operation of the
privileges and church protection was conducted in local courts
across Christendom, whose decisions deﬁned and determined
much of the effect of the crusade on the home front, from whether
or not a crusader could participate in a trial by battle in Normandy,
to illegal wine-sellers avoiding ﬁnes in Worcestershire by citing
their crusader status, to whether crucesignati could literally get
away with murder. The civil attractions of the crusader privileges
made abuse inevitable, a problem recognized by the decree Ad
Liberandam (1215). There were regular complaints that crusaders
were using their status as licence to commit theft, murder, and rape;
criminals or those facing awkward litigation regularly cited crusade
privileges to delay or avoid the day of reckoning. This did not mean
the system was corrupt, merely open to corruption. References to
the operation of crusading immunities in the records of secular
courts allow a glimpse of the extent of the Crusades’ reach. They
also point to a high level of cooperation between civil and
ecclesiastical jurisdictions, not least because there were so few
detailed rules, the practical implications and extent of privileges
being worked out over many generations on a national, regional,
local, or even individual basis.
With the institution of vow redemptions and spiritual rewards for
contributing as well as participating in crusading, and the
paraphernalia of alms-giving, special prayers, liturgies, processions,
and bell-ringing that developed after 1187, the spiritual privileges
104

This does not imply universal or consistent commitment. The
myriad sermons and devotional works reminding the faithful of
some basic tenets of Christianity, among other evidence, suggest
that the Middle Ages were no more or less a period of faith or
scepticism than the 21st century. Contemporaries were as
keen to delineate contrasting crusade motives as modern historians.
Much of the typology was equally crude. After the ﬁasco of the
Second Crusade, one bitter observer in Würzburg accused the
crusaders of lack of sincere love of God; most ‘lusted after novelties
and went in order to learn about new lands’ or out of a mercenary
desire to escape poverty, debts, harsh landlords, or justice. Such
brickbats are the price of failure and the small change of moral
rearmers. The idea that crusaders to the east were driven by greed is
considerably less convincing than that they were ﬁred by anger and
intolerance. Anti-Jewish attacks had been known in northern
Europe before 1096, most notably after 1009, but the repeated
ferocity of attacks by crusaders indicates that the wars of the cross
lent spurious justiﬁcation to such communal barbarism. Yet the
attacks on the Jews signal a piety of sorts, however underpinned
105

Business of the cross

entered the habitual devotional life of the west. Church reformers
saw in the dissemination of its indulgence the opportunity to use
the crusade as a model as well as a metaphor for spiritual and
penitential amendment of life. Taking the cross became depicted as
part of a regenerative cycle of confession, penance, good works, and
redemption, a sort of conversion, its votaries described by James of
Vitry as a religio, a religious order. Some argued that taking the
cross could end demonic possession, secure time off purgatory for
relatives, even dead ones, cure the sick, and console the dying.
Sermons de Cruce, on the Cross, were used almost interchangeably
for preaching the crusade or moral reform. For devout 13thcentury puritans such as Louis IX or Simon de Montfort, the
crusade formed part of their private religious life as well as their
public career. Thus as a religious habit as much as a martial
endeavour, crusading survived its defeats on the battleﬁelds of the
later Middle Ages.

The Crusades

by ignorance, larceny, and criminality. To suggest mixed motives
for many crusaders does not convict them of hypocrisy, merely
complexity.
It has become fashionable to ascribe purely mercenary inspiration
to the citizens of the Italian maritime cities, in a peculiar modern
historiographical combination of retrospective snobbery and a
belief that commerce is ‘modern’ and so immune from ‘naı̈ve’ or
‘medieval’ religious sincerity. Material advantage and genuine
religious commitment have never been mutually exclusive; nor
were they among crusaders. The Venetian crusade of 1122–5, in a
sort of foreshadowing of the Fourth Crusade, raided Byzantine
territory to force a restoration of preferential trade rules. Yet it also
fought a hard sea battle against the Egyptians and helped capture
the port of Tyre, again in return for trading privileges and property.
On return to the Adriatic further raiding carried off booty and
relics. Modern disapproval misses the essence. The Italian trading
cities’ contributions to crusading of men, blood, treasure, and
materials were second to none. Crusading enthusiasm did not stop
at the gates of commercial ports, nor did the desire for proﬁt or, at
least, an avoidance of loss contradict the spirituality as well as the
material risks inherent in taking the cross, any more than did a
knight’s desire to ﬁght to earn salvation and to survive. While
elements of duty, fear, devotion, repentance, excitement, adventure,
material proﬁt, and escapism feature in the sources as contributory
spurs to action, one overwhelming urge, with secular and spiritual
dimensions, may have been what could inadequately be described
as status – with church, peers, neighbours, relatives, God. The most
typical trophies of this status were relics which the returning
crusader bestowed on local churches, further enhancing both social
reputation and godly credit; the lure of the unique richness of
treasure houses of Christian relics at Constantinople acted as a spur
to its destruction in 1204. The discredit afforded those who failed to
fulﬁl their vows, or those who deserted or refused to enlist, alone
reﬂected the continuing social admiration that clung to veterans of
the cross.
106

107

Business of the cross

It is often argued that the crusade declined as a political, religious,
and social force from the mid-13th century. This has been
attributed to a growth in the wealth of western Europe, which is
supposed to have begun a process of ‘modernization’ in which
crusading appeared old hat as a cause inspired by God not
Mammon. The decadence of crusading has been attributed
variously to the corruption of money in the professionalization of
the business of the cross and to the rise of national self-interest over
the demands of Christendom in general. The diversion of holy war
to internal enemies of the papacy has been taken as a barometer of
this decay. Many of these arguments refer to the Holy Land crusade
and make little sense applied elsewhere. It is undeniable that papal
crusades in Italy aroused the anger of clerics who had to pay taxes
for them or political opponents; successive popes trod carefully to
avoid inciting opposition. Preaching for internal crusades tended to
be far more restricted geographically than that for eastern
expeditions, and there persisted a nervous sensitivity to local feeling
if internal crusades were to be preached in parallel or in
competition with eastern campaigns. Yet much of the hostility to
the anti-Hohenstaufen or Italian crusades in the 13th and
14th centuries, beyond the overtly partisan, revolved around
anxieties lest they diverted attention from the plight of the Holy
Land. The business of the cross retained its popularity, even if its
adherents were more discriminating than papal apologists hoped or
imagined. The rise of stronger national regimes delivered a more
damaging blow. By appropriating political energy, material
resources, and even holy war mentalities, the Hundred Years’ War
between England and France (1337–1453) sealed the loss of the
Holy Land as decisively as the military system of the Mamluk
Empire. Fighting for God remained an ideal and practice
throughout the later Middle Ages and beyond, its legal implications
absorbed into secular as well as canon law codes. Libraries were full
of crusade histories and romances; veterans’ artefacts became
cherished heirlooms; illuminated manuscripts, theatrical
re-enactments, paintings, tiles, and tapestries in palaces, houses,
and town halls kept the images fresh. However quixotic it may seem

The Crusades

to blinkered modern eyes peering at the past for the origins of our
own world, the Christian holy war we call the Crusades, partly
because of its lack of rigid deﬁnition and protean adaptability, had
seeped into the bedrock of western public consciousness through
social and religious as well as political and military channels,
embodying many of the human qualities and inspiring martial
actions that remained highly regarded for centuries after Outremer
had faded into a golden memory.

108

Chapter 7
Holy lands

Crusading sacralized the lands it attacked or conquered. These were
seen in terms of recovery of the heritage of Christ (Palestine), His
Mother (Livonia), or His disciples, such as James (Spain) and Peter
(any region placed under papal protection or lordship). Less
obviously, crusading also tended to sacralize the lands from which
the holy warriors had been drawn. The numinous distinction
bestowed by participation in crusading merged with concepts of
just wars fought for the patria, the homeland. These consecrations
provoked a series of anomalies between image and reality. Crusade
frontiers, in Spain, Syria, Prussia, or Livonia, were at once
ideologically rigid while physically, culturally, or politically porous.
Promoters and chroniclers of conquest proclaimed sharp religious
and ethnic divisions when economic contact and the mechanics of
lordship required social exchange leading to cultural transmission.
The universal homeland of these New Israelites, Christendom
(Christianitas), became fragmented into distinct patria, kingdoms
or cities, appropriating to themselves the concept of a ‘Holy Land’
where, for the political elite, involvement in the crusade stood as a
touchstone of identity, respect, and authority. Crusading stood as an
objective of national policy and an analogy for national war. No less
than the holy lands of crusader conquest, these patria were
bolstered by images derived from the Israel of the Old Testament
and egregious apocalyptic political propaganda and thought, in
which any successful crusader king could lay claim to the
109

prophecies of the Last Emperor at the End of Time. The consequent
habit of equating national aggression with transcendent universal
good and vice versa constitutes a lasting inheritance. ‘One nation
under God’ has a complex ancestry but it includes the medieval holy
wars of the cross.

The Crusades

The holy land overseas: Outremer and
colonial myths
Shortly after the First Crusade, the northern French writer and
abbot Guibert of Nogent coined the phrase ‘Holy Christendom’s
new colonies’ for the Christian conquests in Syria and Palestine.
The question of whether the Christian settlements in the east can be
described as colonies in any modern sense has exercised historians
for two centuries. If a colony can be understood as, in some fashion,
deliberately created to act as a subordinate in a larger commercial,
economic, or strategic system operated by a distant colonial power
in its own interests, then Outremer, despite its name, hardly ﬁts
the model. If, however, a colony implies a plantation of an alien
population of rulers and settlers who retain their cultural identity
and association with their regions of origin, then Outremer displays
colonial characteristics. However, Outremer formed part of no
secular or ecclesiastical western empire except as provinces of the
Latin Church. Unlike Prussia, the kingdom of Jerusalem, while
paying Peter’s Pence to the papacy, was not a papal ﬁef, and in the
13th century ﬁercely resisted attempts to incorporate it into
the Hohenstaufen empire. Despite intimate dynastic links with
western aristocracies, no trans-Mediterranean lordships were
created. Despite a constant ﬂow of pilgrims and, in the 12th
century, settlers in both directions, contacts between immigrants
and their countries of origin quickly faded, Franks tending to
adopt local places as surnames. No reigning Frankish monarch
of Jerusalem ever visited western Europe.
While the constant need for western reinforcement and an
increasing reliance on the international networks of Italian
110

Although cast in a holy land and founded by crusaders, Christian
Outremer was not a ‘crusader society’. While permanent peace with
Muslim neighbours was, for both sides, conceptually impossible,
during much of the period of Frankish occupation 1098 to 1291,
truces and alliances ﬂourished. Parts of the kingdom of Jerusalem
in the mid-12th century were more peaceful than contemporary
111

Holy lands

commercial cities and of the Military Orders never permitted
relations between Outremer and the west to lose their umbilical
quality, the polity of Outremer (12th-century Byzantine claims
to Antioch excepted) remained socially and institutionally
autonomous. Westerners and easterners increasingly traded
mocking insults about each other. Outremer’s distinctive
characteristic of a garrison society did not guard vital sea lanes,
trade routes, markets, or sources of raw materials but what many
regarded as a huge religious relic, ‘Christ’s heritage’. Direct material
proﬁt had not driven the conquest of Outremer, although this did
not impede subsequent economic exploitation. The most selfevidently colonial element in Outremer were the representatives of
the Italian commercial cities who established quarters in ports such
as Acre and Tyre to house a transient population of merchants and
sailors from their home ports. Most of these agents did not become
permanent settlers in the east. While Outremer conformed to the
medieval pattern of foreign settlements in replicating home
societies rather than to the modern colonial model of voluntary or
enforced dependency, it did not compare in emulation with the
13th-century Frankish establishment in Greece – ‘new France’
as one pope called it – in emulating the old country. In contrast
with Spain and Prussia, where land frontiers with Latin
Christendom ensured heavy potential immigration, or with Prussia,
Livonia, and Estonia, where religious conversion of the conquered
allowed a measure of acculturation of the natives with the intruders,
there was no melting pot shared by immigrant and native in
12th-century Outremer. Instead, Outremer presented a mosaic
of faith and ethnic communities, pieces of social tesserae wedged
tightly together to form a single pattern.

H. The castles of Outremer

112

England, France, or Italy. Most castles and fortiﬁed houses lay far
from the frontiers and played the same administrative rather than
military role in the organization of lordships as their counterparts
did in England. The rulers and settlers were neither technically nor
actually crusaders. Unlike 13th-century Prussia or Livonia,
Outremer was not ruled by crusading Military Orders, however
signiﬁcant their role in its defence and aggression. Although the
rulers’ rhetoric spoke differently, with popes, politicians, and
chroniclers presenting a particular frontier myth of heroic conquest
and battle to justify the Franks’ presence and excite western
support, Outremer society, while sustained by this cohesive ideology
of ‘exiles’ for the faith, reﬂected a far more humdrum diversity of
experience than such crude caricatures allow.

In Outremer, religion not race formed the technical test of civil
rights and citizenship. Intermarriage occurred between Franks and
local Christians and converted Muslims. The idea that the Franks
faced an exclusively Muslim native population seems far from the
113

Holy lands

The task of occupation fell far below the epic vision, still less did it
ﬁt either of the alternative modern interpretations of Outremer as a
conduit of inter-cultural exchange and cooperation or as a bleak,
arid, and doomed system of apartheid. Demographic imperatives
ensured diversity in Outremer, as in its Muslim-ruled neighbours,
but no deep cultural synthesis. The Franks’ clothes (such as the
fashionable turban or the prudent loose garments and surcoats),
food, domestic architecture (even the rugged Hospitallers seem to
have installed bathrooms at their castle of Belvoir), personal
hygiene, and medicine were adapted to the environment. Franks
learnt Arabic, a process accelerated by commerce, lordship, and the
unfortunately frequent habit of their leaders getting captured and
spending long years in Muslim custody. In some ways, the Frankish
ruling elite resembled in status and relationship to the indigenous
population the Turkish atabegs who ruled elsewhere in Syria,
foreigners sustained by military strength and the extraction of
revenues from an alien local labour force.

17. Crac des Chevaliers in Syria (in Arabic Hisn al-Akrad), one of the strongest and most aesthetically satisfying of the
castles built by the Christian rulers of Outremer. Given to the Hospitallers in 1144, it fell to the Mamluks in 1271. In fact
most Frankish forts were built away from exposed frontiers and acted as centres of administration and lordship.

This does not imply that Christian Outremer operated as a haven of
tolerance. Medieval racism was largely cultural, revolving around
external differences in customs, law, and language, more than the
distinctions of blood inheritance preferred by some modern racists.
In that sense, discrimination on the grounds of religion was
inherently racist. This extended to the de facto religious
discrimination against native Christian communities – Armenians,
Greeks, and Arabic- or Syriac-speaking Melkites, Nestorians,
Jacobites, and Maronites – not in terms of civil but ecclesiastical
rights. The Franks Latinized the Church in Outremer, occupying
all the top jobs and monopolizing much of the endowment and
115

Holy lands

case; in parts of Outremer, Muslims were not even a majority.
Where necessary, Frankish rulers occasionally extended patronage
to Muslim settlers, doctors, and merchants, while at the same time
showing no qualms about using Muslim slave labour. A few shared
sites of religious worship survived, such as in the suburbs of Acre in
the 12th century, the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem in the
13th century, or the remarkable Greek Orthodox shrine of Our
Lady of Saidnaya, north of Damascus. After the initial stage of
conquest, Muslim resistance to Frankish rule, in the absence of
political leadership, which had ﬂed, rarely reached beyond the level
of localized banditry. The new rulers’ and settlers’ enjoyment of
resources did not entail systematic persecution of other faith
communities. Overt aggression to non-Christians seemed the
preserve of zealous, boorish newcomers. In market courts at the
port of Acre, jurors were drawn from both Latin and Syrian
Christians and witnesses were permitted to swear oaths on their
holy books – Christians on the Gospels, Jews and Samaritans on the
Torah, and Muslims on the Koran – ‘because’, the Jerusalem law
code insisted, ‘be they Syrians or Greeks or Jews or Samaritans or
Nestorians or Saracens, they are also men like the Franks’. The
Hospitallers, who ran the great hospital in Jerusalem that could
accommodate hundreds of patients at a time, agreed. They treated
anyone regardless of race or religion. Only lepers were excluded, for
obvious reasons.

The Crusades

income. However, local Christians, at least in chroniclers’
descriptive language, charters, and the law courts, were not
confused with the Muslim settled population, the Bedouin on the
borders, or the Turci beyond the frontiers. The Jewish population
of Palestine declined sharply after 1099, although the remaining
communities avoided direct persecution, many working in the
dyeing business. Local Christians lived within the ambit of Frankish
society and law, owning property, intermarrying, and in some rural
areas actually sharing villages with immigrants, who tended to be
attracted to regions already occupied by co-religionists. Muslims
and Jews dwelt apart, except in towns and cities, where trade,
agriculture, tax collecting, or revenue gathering brought the
communities into contact. As a special distinction, all Franks
were, ipso facto, free. Political and social barriers precluded
multiculturalism just as ﬁrmly as differences of religion, race, and
ethnicity. Occasionally, more general cultural hostility erupted, as in
1152 in Tripoli after the assassination of Count Raymond II, when
‘all those who were found to differ either in language or dress from
the Latins’ were massacred. Such racial rather than religious
discrimination was grounded on certain mundane but inescapable
differences in language and manners: Syrians shaved their pubic
hair not their beards; Franks did the reverse or neither. Yet at the
non-threatening margins of civility, transmission of customs could
ﬂourish.
Although, unlike in Sicily after its 11th-century conquest by the
Normans, there were few anti-Muslim riots, Outremer presented a
picture of recognized diversity and enforced inequality. In 1120 laws
were promulgated forbidding sexual congress between Christians
and Muslims and imposing dress discrimination. The Jerusalem
law code listed severe penalties for Muslim violence on Christians,
but none vice versa. Taxation fell more heavily on the peasantry and
most severely on Muslims, who had to pay a poll tax (as Christians
had under Muslim rule). In Galilee in the 1180s, local Muslims
referred to King Baldwin IV as ‘the pig’ and his mother, Agnes of
Courtenay, as ‘the sow’. One settler, encountering black Africans for
116

the ﬁrst time, ‘despised them as if they were no more than seaweed’.
At either end of the 12th century some Muslim communities
aided invaders. In Antioch, treatment of Muslims veered from
economic encouragement to extortion, prompting sporadic
uprisings. Although in Muslim rural areas, and even in cities such
as Tyre, public Islamic worship was permitted, Muslim shrines and
cemeteries fell into disrepair and in the 1180s old men recounted
tall stories of the heroic defence of the coastal cities against the
invading inﬁdel. Muslim slaves, including women in shackles, were
a common sight. Without a Muslim social or intellectual elite, either
in exile or denied status, their popular cultures inevitably stagnated.

117

Holy lands

Always a minority, especially in the 13th century when
effectively penned in to the narrow coastal strip, the Frankish
peasantry and artisans adapted to local methods of agriculture
which would have been familiar, if tougher, to settlers from
southern France, Italy, and Spain. Perhaps the most distinctive
feature imported by westerners were pigs. The Franks lived in
villages of their own, or beside local Christians, but mixed with
all other groups in towns and cities. The experience of Nablus,
north of Jerusalem, illustrated the tensions and accommodations
of inter-communal relations. A Frankish wineshop stood opposite a
Muslim guesthouse. A local Muslim woman who had married a
Frank murdered him and took to a life of crime, ambushing and
killing passing Franks, while the Frankish wife of a local draper
became the expensive mistress of the Patriarch of Jerusalem. Not all
was conﬂict. The Frankish viscount invited an Arab emir from
northern Syria to witness a trial by battle between two Franks over
allegations that one of them had set Muslim thieves onto the other’s
property. A bullying local Frankish landlord forced a community of
devout Muslims to emigrate to Damascus while at the same time
the local Samaritan sect was allowed to continue with its annual
Passover ritual that attracted worshippers from across the Near
East. Such practical coexistence punctuated by extremes of faith or
criminality undermines neat generalizations about the colonial
experience.

The Crusades

At the top of society, the Frankish aristocracy created a world
as much like the west as possible, in law, landholding, military
organization, religion, and language. However, the setting
inevitably impinged. Slavery, dying out in western Christendom,
formed a staple of Near Eastern society which the Franks adopted.
Proximity bred contact, especially where non-Franks, even
non-Christians, possessed useful talents. King Baldwin I of
Jerusalem (1100–1118) took a Muslim convert as an intimate
servant, probably lover, giving him his name as well as religion.
The royal court of Jerusalem in the 12th century was almost as
cosmopolitan as those of Norman-Graeco-Arabic Sicily or the
Arab-Turkish-Kurdish-Armenian-Jewish courts of the Near East.
King Amalric (1163–74), who campaigned in Egypt and visited
Constantinople, was married to a Greek, employed as family
doctors and riding masters Syrian Christians who had worked for
the Fatimids of Egypt and later served Saladin, and a tutor, William
of Tyre (c.1130–86), steeped in the ﬁnest state of the art learning
from Paris and Bologna. Some Frankish knights and nobles seemed
to have forged amicable relations with Muslim counterparts across
the frontiers during times of truce; a number regularly sought
service with Turkish armies. Alliances between Franks and Muslim
powers were commonplace, even if former allies happily
slaughtered each other when the diplomatic and military wheel
turned. ‘Apartheid’ seems an inappropriately narrow and
monochrome description of such a society.
Yet Outremer did own a unique status that made integration with
native non-Christians impossible. The western settlement only
occurred because of the religious aspiration of the conquerors.
Although the motives of immigrants remain hidden, one element in
persuading non-noble settlers to try their luck in such a relatively
inhospitable and distant region was the desire to live in the land
where Christ and His saints had lived. The pious rhetoric of exile on
one level matched the reality. With a largely immigrant higher
clergy and a constant inﬂux of lords from the west, the sense of
118

18. A formalized map of Jerusalem c.1170 typical of the period. The
circular design reﬂects the image of the Holy City as the centre of the
world. The Holy Sepulchre is shown in the bottom left quarter, with the
Temple Mount occupying the top half. Note the crusaders ﬁghting the
Muslims in the bottom margin.
119

The Crusades

mission kept on being renewed. The holiness of the Holy Land
exerted an important inﬂuence in Outremer society. The conquests
of 1098–9 opened Palestine to a ﬂood of pilgrims from Christendom
with expectations fuelled by Biblical and crusading stories. At any
one time, there could be 70 pilgrim ships docked at Acre, some
capable of carrying hundreds of passengers. Travelling on one of the
two annual ‘passages’, when the currents and winds in spring and
autumn allowed for easier journeys, these tourists found eager
hosts. The Jerusalem kings exacted tolls on them (just as their
Muslim predecessors had done). The two great Military Orders of
the Temple (1120) and Hospital (1113, militarized probably by
1126) were founded to protect and heal them. The catering trade
grew rich on them. Residents in Outremer gave them places to visit,
by sprucing up old sites, excavating others, such as the relics of the
Patriarchs at Hebron in 1119, and imaginatively recreating the
Biblical landscape, ‘New Holy Places newly built’ according to John
of Würzburg in the 1160s. In re-mapping the sacred landscape, the
Latin Christians were following a process familiar from the Roman
emperors Titus and Hadrian in the 1st and 2nd centuries, the
Greek Christians in the 4th century, the Muslims after 638, 1187,
and 1291, and the Zionists and Israelis in the 20th century.
This habit of importing or annexing a new sacred landscape was
common to conversion, colonization, and crusading. As on the
Spanish and Baltic frontiers, in Outremer it served to reinforce a
particularly strong sense of exceptionalism, at least amongst the
articulate, and was of a piece with the ‘fractured colonialism’, as it
has been described, of Frankish society. How far settlers and rulers
felt the pull of divine immanence in their material surroundings can
only partly be reconstructed from the opinions of their interpreters,
such as William of Tyre, or from their behaviour. Those modern
historians such as Joshua Prawer who have accused the Franks of
cultural myopia in regard to other communities miss the point. By
deﬁnition, the Frankish settlement could not overtly compromise
with other ethnic models. Yet neither could – or did – they ignore
them. It has become modish to condemn the western settlements
120

The holy lands on the frontiers
Spain
In Spain, as in the Baltic, crusading was secondary or
complementary to secular considerations and wider association of
Christian conquest and holy war. A decade before the First Crusade,
Alphonso VI of Castile had characterized his capture of Toledo from
the Moors in 1085 ‘with Christ as my leader’ as a restoration of
Christian territory and the recreation of ‘a holy place’. It is not
entirely clear how far the explicit religiosity of 12th-century
accounts of earlier campaigns against the Moors in Spain reﬂected
the assimilation of crusading formulae, an older tradition of holy
war or a separate local development. While defence and restoration
121

Holy lands

in the east as a brutish intrusion into a more civilized and
sophisticated Islamic world. Yet the Turkish invasion of the
mid-11th century was more disruptive. The warring political
and religious factions within the Islamic polity – Arab, Turkish,
Kurdish, Mamluk, Sunni, Shia, Ishmaeli Assassins – created violent
contest and instability only resolved by greater violence practised by
unscrupulous warlords such as Zengi, Saladin, or Baibars, none of
whom ﬂinched from barbaric atrocities to further their material
ends. Like the Franks, they promoted a self-serving ideology of
legitimate force. Western Christians held no monopoly on
intolerance, any more than they did on sanctity. Islamic lawyers
warned against inter-faith fraternization; an 11th-century
Baghdad legist proposed discriminatory dress for Christians and
Jews. The fate of non-Christian communities in Outremer was little
different to that of Christian communities under Islam. It appeared
harsher because the social conﬁguration of the remaining Muslim
population, largely peasant or artisan, lacked a skilled or wealthy
elite, in contrast to Muslims in Christian Spain or Christian
communities in the Islamic world. This is not to deny the exclusive
and discriminatory nature of Frankish rule in Outremer. However,
to romanticize those whom they discriminated against is to rewrite
the past to suit present sentimentality.

The Crusades

of Christian lands matched the new rhetoric of the Jerusalem war,
indigenous writers and religious leaders transformed the Iberian
patronal saint, the Apostle James the Great, Santiago, into a ‘knight
of Christ’ and heavenly intercessor for the success of Christian
warfare. Such promotion of a distinctive pan-Iberian war cult
helped local rulers retain ownership of their campaigns even when
enjoying papal crusade privileges, while at the same time reinforcing
Christian solidarity. St James, an international saint through his
shrine at Compostella, did not become the exclusive preserve of any
one Iberian kingdom, his cult sustaining the political ideologies of
all of them. The same was generally true of the half dozen Iberian
Military Orders founded in the second half of the 12th century,
including one dedicated to St James.
Crusading in Spain adopted a local ﬂavour. The great warrior kings
of the 13th century, Ferdinand III of Castile (1217–52) and
James I of Aragon (1213–76), rolled back the Muslim frontier selfconsciously in the name of God and each ﬂirted with carrying the
ﬁght beyond Iberia, to Africa or Palestine. Yet neither found the
commitment that led their contemporary Louis IX of France to the
Nile. Although some conquests, such as the capture of Cordoba by
Ferdinand III in 1236, were accompanied by religious gestures of
restoration and puriﬁcation familiar from the eastern crusades, and
in places, as at Seville (captured 1248), foreign Christian settlers
were recruited, much of the Reconquista involved negotiation and
accommodation of the religious and civil liberties of the conquered:
James I ‘the Conqueror’ of Aragon’s annexation of Mallorca (1229)
and Valencia (1238), and Ferdinand III’s conquest of Murcia
(1243). Christian complaints about the calls of the muezzin
persisted in some areas for centuries. Although suffering from the
problems of being ruled by an elite with separate laws and religion,
Muslims under Christian rule, the mudejars, and Jews and converts
– conversos (Jewish converts to Christianity) and Moriscos (Muslim
converts) – were a feature of Spanish life until the late 15th and
16th centuries, when a recrudescence of a manufactured neocrusading religious militancy led to the imposition of intolerant
122

19. The Apostle of Christ and Holy War. A painting attributed to the
Circle of Juan de Flandes (c.1510–20) of Saint James ﬁghting the
Moors. He is shown carrying the banner of the Spanish military order
bearing his name, the Order of Santiago. The incongruity of this
transformation of one of Jesus’s disciples into a warrior saint escaped
most medieval observers.
123

The Crusades

Christian uniformity under the Catholic monarchs Ferdinand II of
Aragon (1479–1516) and Isabella of Castile (1474–1504), coinciding
with the ﬁnal expulsion of the Moorish rulers from Granada (1492).
This new identiﬁcation of a crusading mission, which persisted
under Charles V and Philip II, depended as heavily on recasting
Castile, in particular, as itself a new holy land with a providential
world mission as it did on genuine Aragonese crusading traditions.
In turn, this spawned a myth of the crusading Reconquista and the
providential identity and destiny of Catholic Spain later insidiously
expropriated by General Franco and his fascist apologists, academic
as well as political.
The fate of Peter II of Aragon (1196–1213), father of James the
Conqueror, reveals the nuances and contradictions in the Iberian
experience. The 12th-century invasion of Spain by the Almohads,
Muslim puritans from North Africa, had placed the Christian
advances of the previous century in jeopardy. In 1212, a large
international crusader host combined with Iberian kings to resist.
Before confronting the Almohad forces at Las Navas de Tolosa,
most of the French contingents abandoned Peter and the kings of
Castile and Navarre, partly over disagreements with the local rulers’
leniency towards defeated Muslim garrisons, a frontier pragmatism
that, as in Palestine, struck the French as scandalous. They also did
not care for the heat. The subsequent Christian victory became, as a
result, almost wholly a Spanish triumph, a useful detail in the later
projection of Spanish destiny. Fourteen months later Peter was
defeated and killed at the battle of Muret in Languedoc by an army
of French crusaders led by the church’s champion, Simon de
Montfort, testimony to the political cross-currents upon the surface
of which crusading bobbed, and the impossibility of divorcing
‘crusade’ history from its secular context.
After the conquests, new (or in propaganda terms restored) sacred
and secular landscapes were created, from converting mosques to
churches to changing Arabic place names. In some areas, notably in
Castile, immigrant settlement from further north was encouraged.
124

The Baltic
On the face of it, the idea that the crusades in the Baltic were
directed to conquer holy lands appears fanciful, given that the
regions attacked had no Christian pre-history. Yet perhaps precisely
because of its extreme incongruity, this concept gained credence:
alone of the regimes established in the wake of crusader conquest,
Prussia and Livonia were ecclesiastical states. The association came
early. A propagandist exhortation to attack the Wends east of the
Elbe in 1108 described the campaign as being to liberate ‘our
125

Holy lands

Elsewhere, the pre-conquest social and religious structures felt only
modest immediate impact. It may be signiﬁcant of a decline in
frontier militarism that after 1300, the cult of Santiago faded before
that of the Virgin Mary. Nonetheless, the holy war tradition, in its
crusading wrapping, persisted amongst the knightly and noble
classes, available to those engaged in wars against inﬁdels, Muslim
or heathen, a living cultural force as well as a stereotype. While his
captains were observing West Africans outside the straitjacket of
crusading aesthetics, the Portuguese prince Henry the Navigator
(1394–1460) fervently embraced crusading aspirations and
campaigned in North Africa. As late as 1578, a Portuguese king,
Sebastian, at the head of an international force armed with
indulgences and papal legates, fought and died in battle against the
Muslims of Morocco. The penetration of Latin Christendom into
the islands of the eastern Atlantic in the 14th and 15th centuries
attracted crusading grants for the dilatio, or extension, of
Christendom. The Iberian tradition ensured a sympathetic hearing
for the Genoese crusade enthusiast Christopher Columbus. It
formed one strand in the conceptual justiﬁcation for the conquest of
the Americas and, more tenuously, in the mentality of the slave
trade which some saw as a vehicle for expanding Christianity. This
was made possible by the idea, popular by c.1500, that Spain itself
(however imagined) was a holy land, its Christian inhabitants new
Israelites, tempered and proved in the ﬁre of the Reconquista,
championing God’s cause whether against inﬁdels outside
Christendom or heretics within.

The Crusades

Jerusalem’. This challenging analogy operated in ways that
remained central to the early association of crusading with German
expansion eastwards; cashing in on the new impetus to holy war
provided by the Jerusalem wars; the need to defend Christendom;
and the implication that the wars were aimed at recovering lost
Christian land. Some lands beyond the Elbe targeted by German
crusaders in the 12th century had been occupied by the Ottonian
emperors before the great Slav revolt of 983 drove them back. Other
areas had experienced more recent missionizing of ﬂuctuating
success. On the shifting German-Slav frontier, areas that had been
conquered, even as far back as the 10th century, and then lost could
attract accusations of apostasy. This confusion could work the other
way; one contingent of the 1147 crusaders found themselves
besieging recently Christianized Stettin.
The distinctive character of the Baltic crusades lay in the explicit
alliance of crusade and conversion, or, as saintly Bernard of
Clairvaux put it, conversion or extermination. Innocent III freely
employed the language of compulsion to ‘drag the barbarians into
the net of orthodoxy’. This unsound doctrine acknowledged the
religious component in ethnicity, cultural identity, and racial
awareness. In contrast with Spain or the Near East, in the Baltic,
conversion came as the inevitable corollary and recognition of
conquest. Paradoxically, this allowed for greater cultural
accommodation and transmission from Slav to German and vice
versa. Descendants of the pagan Wendish prince Niklot, victim of
the ﬁrst crusader attack in 1147 and killed by Christians in 1160,
became the Germanized princes and dukes of Mecklenberg, one of
whom joined a crusade to Livonia in 1218. However repellent to the
religiously fastidious, enforced conversion worked; by 1400 the
Baltic had become a Latin Christian lake, even if elements of pagan
culture swam freely beneath the surface. Conversion not backed by
coercion would have had a harder struggle, as the successful
resistance of pagan Lithuania showed, only accepting conversion
undefeated on its own terms in 1386. The application of crusading
incentives from the mid-12th century did not manufacture this
126

link between force and faith, it merely recognized a process of
cultural and political imperialism already well established.

127

Holy lands

Crusading in the Baltic contributed to the 12th-century German
expansion into territory between the Elbe and Oder and western
Pomerania; 13th-century German penetration into the
southern Baltic lands between the Vistula and Niemen, Prussia,
Courland, and later, in the 14th century, Pomerelia west of the
Vistula; the transmarine colonization of Livonia by a combination
of churchmen and merchants from German trading centres such
as Lübeck and Bremen; the aggressive expansionism of the Danish
crown, especially in northern Estonia; and the advance of the
Swedes into Finland. Until the 13th century crusading, as
opposed to more general associations of war with Divine favour,
played only an intermittent role. The application of crusade
privileges to the summer raids on the western Wends during the
Second Crusade in 1147 had more to do with buying Saxon support
and internal peace within the empire in Conrad III’s absence in the
Holy Land than the institution of a new sustained crusade front.
One of the protagonists in the 1147 expeditions, Albert the Bear,
did not need crusade privileges to carve out a principality of
Brandenberg beyond the Elbe; his territorial acquisitiveness was
in any case portrayed by apologists as attracting God’s approval.
Such conquests went together with the implanting of bishoprics
and monasteries and so earned clerical plaudits. The secular reality
was brutal for the conquered, harsh for the German and Flemish
settlers, and, as one pious frontier priest lamented, encouraged the
avarice rather than the piety of another 1147 crusader, Henry the
Lion, duke of Saxony. Between 1147 and 1193 only one papal
crusade grant was directed towards the Baltic, in 1171. However, the
often savage wars of conquest and conversion conducted against the
Slavs by the German princes and kings of Denmark were recognized
by the papacy as ‘inspired with the heavenly ﬂame, strengthened by
the arms of Christ, armed with the shield of faith and protected
by divine favour’, as Alexander III put it in 1169. Nonetheless, to
ascribe responsibility for medieval German imperialism on the

The Crusades

crusade would be misleading; one might as well accuse the
Christian Church. It might also be added that the Baltic pagans
were no less keen on massacring opponents and eradicating
symbols of an alien faith. Although, except in Lithuania, the pagan
holy wars ended in defeat, this does not mean they did not happen.
The real impetus towards afﬁxing technical apparatus of crusading
– vow, cross, indulgence, and so on – to Christian conquest in the
Baltic came when attention shifted from the western Slavs of the
southern Baltic to the heathen tribes further east, in Livonia,
Estonia, Finland, and Prussia, the theatres of crusading operations
that dominated the period from the 1190s. While defence of the
missionary churches established in Livonia or Estonia around 1200
were relatively easily justiﬁed, support for extensive conquests in
either region, still less in Prussia, demanded these areas acquire a
new holy status. Each answered this need in different ways. The
campaigns of the kings of Denmark along the southern Baltic coast
and the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland in northern Estonia
attracted sporadic papal grants of crusade privileges familiar
elsewhere, while the monarchs surrounded themselves with the
useful aura of Christian warriors, ‘active knights of Christ’, to justify
foreign conquest and internal authority. The pagans were to be
rooted out by force and Christendom expanded. Here the
conquerors were performing holy tasks and thus their conquests,
by incorporation into Christendom, became ipso facto holy.
Away from the muddled but powerful religiosity of Christian
monarchy, the consecration of crusade targets followed more
precise lines. From c.1202, the missionary bishop of Riga recruited
a religious order of knights, the Militia of Christ or Sword Brothers,
to defend and extend his diocese in Livonia centred on the River
Dvina. A few years later his colleague on the Polish-Prussian
frontier assembled a similar body, the Militia of Christ of Livonia
against the Prussians, also known as the Knights of Dobrin (or
Dobryzin) after their original headquarters on the Vistula. Again,
the status of the conquests was deﬁned by that of the conquerors,
128

Such literary devices could reassure participants and attract
recruits while not fully reﬂecting the nature of war in Prussia,
Livonia, and Estonia. Not all enemies were pagan. In Estonia, the
Teutonic Knights competed for power with fellow crusaders, the
Danes. In 1242 an attack on the Orthodox Christians of Russian
Pskov ended in the famous defeat on Lake Peipus/Chud by
129

Holy lands

bishops, and sworn professed, as well as professional, knights of
Christ. The dedication of the Christian settlement created at Riga
by the missionaries and merchants to the Virgin Mary allowed
Livonia to be depicted as the land of the Mother of God, her dowry,
allowing crusade apologists in the region to describe crusaders
there as pilgrims or ‘the militia of pilgrims’. This brought them
further into line with crusaders elsewhere; even crusaders against
the Albigensians were called pilgrims by some, almost as a sine qua
non of legitimacy. The ﬁrst two churches built in the new town of
Riga before 1209 were dedicated to Mary, the patroness, and Peter,
the guarantor of ecclesiastical privileges. When the Teutonic
Knights took over war and government in both Prussia and Livonia
in the 1230s, absorbing the other military orders in the process, and
from 1245 the direction of a permanent crusade in the region, the
identiﬁcation with the Virgin Mary was complete, as she was the
patroness of the German order. In Livonia the knights bore her
image as a war banner. With the papacy designating Prussia a papal
ﬁef (as part of its anti-imperial policy) in 1234, the Teutonic
Knights’ territory was doubly sanctiﬁed. In the absence of a historic
justiﬁcation for war, a late 13th-century rhyming chronicle
from Livonia, probably by a Teutonic Knight, insinuated a
transcendent context. Beginning his work with accounts of the
Creation, Pentecost, and the missions of the Early Church, the
author admitted that no apostle reached Livonia, unlike the myth
of James converting Spain. Instead, a higher mission was being
pursued in the wastes of the eastern Baltic, the holy task begun by
the Apostles of proselytizing the world now carried forward through
service and death in the armies of the Mother of God in defence of
Her land.

The Crusades

Alexander Nevsky, evocatively imagined in Eisenstein’s memorable
propagandist ﬁlm. In Prussia, especially in the west, German and
Flemish settlement appeared substantial; in Livonia and Estonia,
only accessible by a tricky and expensive sea voyage when the water
was free of ice, negligible and almost exclusively limited to the
fortiﬁed religious trading posts on the main rivers. Prussia
witnessed a slow process of acculturation similar to that between
the Elbe and the Oder. Slavs became Germans, an uncomfortable
thought for later racial nationalists on both sides of the linguistic
divide. The judicial pluralism and segregation familiar from other
crusading fronts did not prevent the Prussians adopting elements of
German inheritance laws. Over generations, the brutality of forced
conversion, occupation, alien settlement, and discrimination
against natives transformed Prussia into a distinctively German
province. By contrast, only a small military, clerical, and
commercial elite survived in Estonia and Livonia, where the
Teutonic Knights remained until 1562, 37 years after the order’s
secularization in Prussia. In the shadow of this past, Hitler, with his
obscenely warped historical squint, rejected the loss of any part of
Prussia from the Reich, demanding Memel, established by the
German invaders in 1252, from the Lithuanians in March 1939, an
act that provoked Britain’s guarantee to protect Poland. Yet a few
months later, he consigned the Baltic states to the lot of the
Russians as if they were less ‘German’.
However, the link from the Teutonic Knights to the SS and the
nationalized racism of the Third Reich, lovingly traced by Himmler
and his historically illiterate ghouls, relied on rancid imagination
not fact. The crusades did not drive the expansion of German
power, nor the expansion of Spain. Wider cultural, economic,
demographic, social, and technological forces did that. In so far as
these impulses were articulated in religious terms, crusading
offered a particular vocabulary, both practical and inspirational,
that could service self-referential ideologies and self-righteous
policies of domination. Holy symbols achieved cultural and political
signiﬁcance, the Catholic churches and churchmen transmitted a
130

distinctive western culture, yet, for all their importance, in the
expansion of Latin Christendom across its frontiers, the grammar
and syntax remained resolutely secular.

The holy lands within fortress Christendom

Away from the front line, participation in crusading also became a
central feature of emergent myths and rituals of corporate or
national identity. Pisa, Genoa, and especially Venice proudly
proclaimed their civic involvement in the eastern crusades in art,
literature, and civic ceremony. In Florence, where the cross acted as
a sign both for the crusade and the city’s popolo, or populace,
participation in crusading provided opportunities to reinforce civic
exceptionalism; the banner borne at Damietta in 1219 became a
revered relic in the Church of San Giovanni. Similar attention to
their role in crusading, especially in the east, came from the cities
of northern Europe, such as Cologne and London. The Danish
kings adopted the cross as their symbol around 1200. The
canonization of royal holy warriors and crusaders became
widespread: Charlemagne, regarded as a proto-crusader
(canonized in 1166); St Eric IX of Sweden (d.1160, canonized 1167),
scourge of the Finnish ‘enemies of the faith’; Ferdinand III of
Castile (d.1252, a recognized cult ﬁgure from the 13th
century, ofﬁcially canonized 1671); and Louis IX of France
131

Holy lands

The image of Christendom as a beleaguered fortress, with bastions
or antemurales opposing the advance of the inﬁdel, had a long
history. In 1089, Urban II so described the projected rebuilding of
Tarragona on the Spanish coast south of Barcelona. From the
14th century, the whole concept of antemurales gained wide
currency along the frontier with the Ottomans from Poland,
through Hungary to the Adriatic. As defence of these bastions
clearly formed one aspect of holy war, rulers along these frontiers
themselves adopted holy war rhetoric and promoted the
sacralization of their individual territories, thereby engendering a
strong sense of national exceptionalism.

The Crusades

(d.1270, canonized 1297). Some of the legends circulated after the
canonization of King Ladislas of Hungary (d.1095, canonized 1192)
portrayed him as the lost leader of the First Crusade, in fact evoking
the career of Bela III (d.1196) who had sponsored Ladislas’
sanctiﬁcation. Politically and diplomatically having pulled
Hungary, like Denmark and later Poland, towards Latin
Christendom, the crusades were then recruited to sanctify local
royal dynasticism.
This association was most evident in France. The French kings’
habit of crusading helped create what has been called the ‘religion
of monarchy’ with its elevation of the kingdom by royal
propagandists from c.1300 into a Holy Land, and the French as
God’s Chosen People. A striking illuminated manuscript produced
at Acre c.1280 depicted Louis IX at Damietta in 1249 emblazoned
with ﬂeurs de lis; there is not a cross in sight. The crusade and the
providential destiny of France and its ruling dynasty merged in the
later Middle Ages into a form of apocalyptic royal or national
messianism. One contemporary prophesied that Joan of Arc’s
victories over the English in 1429 would result in her leading King
Charles VII (1422–61) to conquer the Holy Land, a theme recalled
in 1494 when Charles VIII of France (1483–98) launched his
invasion of Italy by declaring his intention to recover Jerusalem.
Even after the French religious polity had been shattered by the
Reformation and the destructive Wars of Religion in the second half
of the 16th century, the image of crusading as the special
preserve and responsibility of ‘the Most Christian Kings’ of France
(a 12th-century courtesy title) survived among both Catholic and
Huguenot apologists of Henry IV (1589–1610). This French
experience found a close parallel in late medieval Spain, in
particular Castile, where a prophetic tradition nurtured by the
Reconquista inspired a sense that the Iberian holy wars required
ultimate fulﬁlment in the recovery of Jerusalem. The expulsion of
the Moors from Granada led to North African forays by Ferdinand
and his grandson Charles V (1516–55) which were cast by royal
polemicists as preludes to the recovery of the Holy Sepulchre. For
132

20. Louis IX of France attacks Damietta in Egypt, June 1249, from a
manuscript written and drawn at Acre in the Holy Land c.1280. It is
notable that there is not a cross in sight; instead the crusaders are
shown bearing the ﬂeur de lis, royal emblem of France.
133

The Crusades

Charles’s son, Philip II (1555–98), the synergy of God’s war and
Spain’s war occupied the centre of his worldview.
This transformation of lands of crusaders into crusading kingdoms
and thus into holy lands went one step further by harnessing the
model of the Old Testament Israelites and the Maccabees defending
God’s heritage, which had occupied a prominent place in traditional
crusade semiotics. If the Holy Land or Christendom were patria,
why not the crusaders’ own kingdoms or city states? Pope Clement
V’s answer in 1311 was clear: ‘Just as the Israelites are known to
have been granted the Lord’s inheritance by the election of Heaven,
to perform the hidden wishes of God, so the kingdom of France has
been chosen as the Lord’s special people.’ Others could play the
same game. Reﬂecting on English victories in the Hundred Years’
War to parliament in 1377, Chancellor Haughton, bishop of St
David’s, commented that ‘God would never have honoured this land
in the same way as he did Israel . . . if it were not that He had chosen
it as his heritage’. One popular verse of the time even suggested that
‘the pope had become French, but Jesus had become English’. God’s
career as an Englishman had many centuries to run.
These Scriptural borrowings operated within a pre-crusading
tradition of ﬁnding Old Testament precedents for the defence of
homelands, and cannot necessarily be linked directly with
crusading. However, the language employed by those attempting to
sacralize national warfare was so congruent to current crusade
rhetoric as to make neat distinctions impossible; propagandists
probably deliberately elided the two. Of course, not all national holy
wars were associated with crusading. The Hussites in 15thcentury Bohemia self-consciously created their own holy land,
renaming cult sites after places in Palestine, such as Mount Tabor or
Mount Horeb, while rejecting utterly the crusade tradition that
fuelled the campaigns launched against them. By contrast, within
Catholic Christendom, from the 14th century crusading
motifs were increasingly recruited to national causes, such as the
conﬂicts between France and Flanders, England and Scotland, and,
134

135

Holy lands

most pervasively, England and France. Occasionally, as in 1383 or
1386, actual crusade grants were applied to campaigns in the
Hundred Years’ War. More frequently, language and images of holy
war made familiar by crusading were inserted into descriptions or
justiﬁcations of events. Henry V’s chaplain presented the English at
Agincourt (1415) as ‘God’s people’, dressed ‘in the armour of
penitence’, encouraged by their king to follow the example of Judas
Maccabeus. Such transference was eased by the ubiquitous
appropriation of the cross as national uniform across Europe in the
later Middle Ages (for example, the red cross of the English), a
symbol that spoke more loudly than legal or canonical logicchopping. There were many inﬂuences on the creation of national
holy lands and the sacralizing of political rule and identity in the
later Middle Ages. In so far as self-deﬁning civic, dynastic, or
national conﬂicts adopted some ideological and rhetorical features
derived from the most charismatic expression of medieval holy war,
the crusade was one of them.

Conclusion
Crusading our contemporary

Long before the last Roman Catholic took the cross, perhaps in the
early 18th century for the Habsburgs against the Ottomans in
central Europe or the kings of Spain against Muslim pirates in the
Mediterranean, the history and legends of the Crusades had entered
the mythic memory of Christian Europe.
From the First Crusade, the wars of the cross had been sustained,
developed, and reﬁned by concurrent description and
interpretation, popular and academic. By the 15th century,
appreciation of what passed for crusade history underpinned all
serious discussion of future projects. Provoked by immediate
political concerns, such studies tended to polemic and self-interest,
blind to the distinction between legend and evidence. From
humanist scholarship and theological hostility in the 16th
century emerged a more independent historiography. The academic
study of crusading – or holy war as it was generally called – was
encouraged and distorted by the two great crises that threatened
to tear Christendom apart: the advance of the Ottomans and the
Protestant reformations.
The 16th and early 17th centuries secured the continued cultural
prominence of the Crusades. Much of the responsibility for this lay
with Protestant scholars in Germany and France. Despite Roman
Catholics seeking crusading privileges when ﬁghting Protestants,
136

admiration for the faith and heroism of the crusaders crossed
confessional divides, as did fear of the Ottoman Turks. The refusal
of certain Protestant scholars to dismiss crusading simply as a papal
corruption provided a bridge between the Roman Catholic past and
what they imagined as the Protestant future. The Crusades were
rendered as national achievements, ecumenical even, at a time
when religious passions still burned violently. Elevating the
Crusades away from partisan religious ownership allowed the past
to be reconciled with the present through inherited national
identities, a process that contributed to the creation of a secular
concept of Europe.

The prevalent 18th-century intellectual attitude, lit by
anti-clericalism, was set in a disdainful grimace at what was
caricatured as the ignorance, fanaticism, and violence of earlier
times. Yet Gibbon’s ‘World’s Debate’ appeared to have been won by
137

Conclusion

As long as the Catholic Church attached crusading apparatus to
wars against the Turks and confessional enemies, and political and
social radicalism were articulated in religious terms, some still
found it controversial. For others, crusading slipped into the quiet
reaches of history, settling into channels of moral and religious
disapproval or admiration for distant heroism, often tinged with
nationalism. With the evaporation of the Ottoman threat in the
18th century, past wars against Islam could be viewed with
detached rather than engaged prejudice. Observers of the
apparently defeated culture could indulge their tastes for the exotic
and the alien with the frisson of danger replaced by a thrill of
superiority lent intellectual respectability by emerging concepts
of change and progress. Fear of the Turks gave way to contempt,
fascination, and a sort of cultural and historical tourism. Muslims
in the Near East, increasingly accessible as the sea-lanes became
passable, were transformed from demons to curiosities. Such
concerns produced an inevitable narrowing of focus onto crusades
to the Holy Land and Christian Outremer. They also made the
emotions behind crusading seem even more remote.

The Crusades

the west, with European successes in Mogul India supplying further
consolation and conﬁrmation of superiority. External stimulus to
shifting perceptions came from the elite fashion for Oriental and
Near Eastern artefacts and the direct contact with the Levant
following Napoleon Bonaparte’s campaign in Egypt and Syria in
1798–9 and the opening up of the region to upper-class tourists,
from Châteaubriand to Benjamin Disraeli, whose romantic
instincts were stirred by what they saw or imagined. The past
required re-arrangement to suit these new enthusiasms and
assumptions. Thus discussion of the Crusades to the east had to
dwell more on the motives and behaviour of the crusaders rather
than the dismal outcome of their exertions, on cultural values and
potential rather than undoubted failure. The Crusades were
refashioned into a symbol of western valour and cultural endeavour,
a process encouraged by the growing popularity of another form of
‘otherness’ to contrast with the self-perceived modernity of
Enlightenment Europe – medievalism. The early 19th
century saw the combination of Orientalism and medievalism
revive crusading as a set of literary references. As an example of
passion over pragmatism, the Crusade became an analogy for
romantic or escapist policies of those troubled by creeping
capitalism and industrialization. The political exploitation of the
history of the Crusades possessed a sharper edge in continental
Europe, where it became a tool of reaction against the ideals and
practices both of the French Revolution and liberalism. The new
cult of neo-chivalry supplied moral, religious, and cultural as well as
actual architectural buttresses for an aristocratic ancien régime
losing much of its exclusivity if not power.
From the late 18th century, the word ‘crusade’ was applied
metaphorically or analogously to any vigorous good cause. More
precisely, in the absence of devastating general conﬂicts after 1815,
19th-century Europe spawned a cult of war which could be
projected back onto the Crusades. The association of just causes
and sanctiﬁed violence, sealed with the confused sentimentality of
Romantic neo-chivalry, found stark concrete form in war
138

President Bush II and Usama bin Laden are co-heirs to the legacy of
a 19th-century European construct. Here, one of the most
inﬂuential historians of the Crusades was Joseph François Michaud
(1767–1839). A publishing entrepreneur, Michaud combined
139

Conclusion

memorials across western Europe after the First World War, a
conﬂict regularly described by clergy as well as by politicians as ‘a
great crusade’; bishops might have been expected to know better.
More scrupulous observers cavilled at such meretricious rhetoric,
yet the imagery persisted even when the idealism had drowned in
Flanders mud; General Eisenhower’s Order for the Day of 6 June
1944 described the D-Day offensive as ‘a great crusade’. The
connection with spiritually redemptive holy warfare had become
drained of much meaning. Any conﬂict promoted as transcending
territorial or other material aims could attract the crusade epithet,
increasingly a lazy synonym for ideological conﬂict or, worse, a
sloppy but highly charged metaphor for political conﬂicts between
protagonists from contrasting cultures and faiths. In ways
unimaginable when Runciman denounced the morality of
crusading in the mid-20th century, the Crusades no longer just
haunt the memory but stalk the streets of 21st-century
international politics, in particular in the Near East. In an irony
often lost on protagonists, these public perceptions of the Crusades
that underpin confrontational rhetoric derive from a common
source. The Near Eastern radical or terrorist who rails against
‘western’ neo-crusaders is operating in exactly the same conceptual
and academic tradition as those in the west who continue to
insinuate the language of the crusade into their approach to the
problems of the region. This is by no means a universal set of
mentalities, as demonstrated from the literary and academic cliché
of a civilized medieval Islamic world brutalized by western
barbarians, to the almost studiously anti-crusading rhetoric and
policies of NATO and others in the Balkan wars of the 1990s, to
opposition to the crude caricaturing of Islam after September 2001.
The re-entry of the Crusades into the politics of the Near East is
baleful and intellectually bogus.

The Crusades

uncritical antiquarianism with a keen sense of the market and
prevailing popular sentiment. A monarchist, nationalist, and
anti-Revolutionary Christian, Michaud allied admiration for the
Crusades’ ideals with a supremacist triumphalism over Islam. He
helped provide apparent historical legitimacy for colonialism and
cultural imperialism, increasingly the litmus test of European
hegemony and national status. Thus crusading could be transmuted
into a precursor of Christian European superiority and ascendancy,
taking its place in what was proclaimed as the march of western
progress. Michaud’s convenient and seductive vision left an
indelible stain.
Yet Arab, Arabist, and Islamic outrage ignored the uncomfortable
fact that Michaud’s construct played its part in setting their own
agenda too. In rallying opinion against European intrusion, the
Ottoman Sultan Abdulhamid II (1876–1909) labelled their
imperialism as a crusade, his remark that ‘Europe is now carrying
out a Crusade against us in the form of a political campaign’. Much
subsequent Islamic discourse on western attitudes to the Crusades
and the Near East has been coloured by a negative acceptance of the
Michaud version of history as if this were the immutable western
response or historically accurate. No continuity exists in Arabic
responses to western aggression between medieval crusading and
modern political hostility, any more than there is between medieval
and modern jihad, except in rhetoric and an ahistorical appeal to
the past. Assumptions of an inherent conﬂict of power and
victimization that elevates a wholly unhistorical link between
modern colonialism and medieval crusading. It is Michaud in a
mirror. Occidentalism and Orientalism share the same western
frame. The idea that the modern political conﬂicts in the Near East
or elsewhere derive from the legacy of the Crusades or are being
conducted as neo-crusades in anything except extremist diatribe is
deceitful.
All sides seem reluctant to accept that the images of crusade and
jihad introduced into late 20th- and 21st-century conﬂicts are not
140

21. Punch lampoons Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany’s vainglorious trip
to the Holy Land in 1898 by referring to the travel company that booked
his package tour. In fact, at the time the Germans were more interested
in recruiting Turkish and Muslim support against Britain and France.
141

The Crusades

time-venerated traditions of action or abuse, but modern imports.
It has been observed that no Islamic state has formally launched a
jihad against a non-Muslim opponent since the demise of the
Ottoman Empire after the First World War. Even that Islamic holy
war had been sponsored and encouraged by the Turks’ German
allies. Most African and Near Eastern jihads proclaimed in the 19th
century and since were not against inﬁdel imperialists but Islamic
rivals, oppressors, and heretics or for religious reform. This is not to
deny the presence of jihad language and theory, as in the
propaganda of states at war with the State of Israel in 1948, 1967, or
1973. However, there is nothing old-fashioned, still less ‘medieval’,
about the techniques, recruitment, or ideology of al-Qaeda. The
devious polemical association between ‘crusaders’ and ‘Jews’ is
historical nonsense. Al-Qaeda’s international reach is a creation of
modernity and globalization as surely as the World Wide Web.
Many states most disliked by those who claim to be fearful of Islam
are explicitly secular. Yet fanciful analogies with crusading have
accompanied most major conﬂicts in the eastern Mediterranean
from the First World War onwards, including unlikely
associations such as the siege of Beirut in 1982 with the siege of
Acre in 1189–91. The Arabic propaganda transmuting Israelis into
crusaders is a direct consequence of this. Whilst on their side
some Israeli extremists hark back to an older tradition of almost
Maccabean revivalism, others are content to re-fashion their
landscape to exclude, in place names or archaeological
designation, Arabic traces, seeing the State of Israel as a liberation
not an occupation. There are obvious historic parallels with
Christian Outremer, but also with Umayyad Palestine or Roman
Syria – conquerors imposing their own space. However, Israelis
are not the new crusaders, any more than the Americans. Saddam
Hussein was not the new Saladin, even though they shared a
birthplace.
To imagine otherwise goes beyond fraudulence. It plays on a cheap
historicism that at once inﬂames, debases, and confuses current
conﬂicts, draining them of rational meaning or legitimate solution.
142

22. A propaganda poster showing Saladin and President Saddam Hussein of Iraq. Both were
born in Tikrit, northern Iraq. Ironically, Saladin was a Kurd, people Saddam Hussein persecuted
and massacred.

The Crusades

The Crusades reﬂected central human concerns of belief and
identity that can only be understood on their own terms, in their
own time; so, too, their adoption and adaptation by later
generations. While it is tempting to draw conclusions derived from
geographical congruity or superﬁcial political similarities, the land
in which Jakelin de Mailly fell over 800 years ago and the cause for
which he died held truths for his time, not ours.

144

Further reading

Historically, the study of the Crusades has usually been marked by
prejudice, bias, and judgementalism. Very little surviving primary
evidence is without inherent distortion. Later interpretations have
consistently reﬂected the concerns of the historians rather than
objective assessment of the phenomenon. Medieval observers
represented the Crusades in a scriptural context as signiﬁers of divine
providence. Since the 16th century, shifting religious, political, and
intellectual fashions have determined very different presentations:
confessional or philosophical disdain, romantic exoticism, assumptions
of cultural conﬂict, colonial apologetics, imperialism, and nationalism.
Some have always sought to frame the Crusades as a mirror of the
modern age, reassuring or troubling in similarities or contrasts. Modern
scholarship, while embracing a far wider range of sources, from canon
law to archaeology, is no less prone to factionalism, the inﬂuence of
politics, as in the Israeli school led by Joshua Prawer, or of conﬂicting
metaphysical constructs of the past. On the contentious issue of
deﬁnition, the ecclesiastical historian Giles Constable has characterized
the competing interpreters as generalists, who locate the origins and
nature of crusading in the long development of Christian holy war
before 1095; popularists, who favour the idea that crusading emerged
as an expression of popular piety; traditionalists who insist on the
centrality of Jerusalem and the Holy Land to legitimate crusading; and
pluralists, who concentrate on pious motivation, canon law, and papal
authorization to include all conﬂicts enjoying the privileges of wars of
the cross regardless of destination or purpose. Such academic disputes
145

may appear arcane. Yet they matter if understanding of the past is to be
liberated from oversimpliﬁed and misleading public history and the
maw of modern polemic. Having previously wreaked so much havoc, the
Crusades should not be recruited to the battlegrounds of the 21st
century nor yet condescendingly condemned as one of Christianity’s
legion of aberrations.

General
M. Barber, The New Knighthood (Cambridge, 1994)
C. Erdmann, The Origins of the Idea of Crusading, tr. Marshall W.
Baldwin and Walter Goffart (Princeton, 1977) (the classic generalist
text)
A. Forey, The Military Orders (London, 1992)

The Crusades

C. Hillenbrand, The Crusades: Islamic Perspectives (Edinburgh, 1999)
N. Housley, The Later Crusades (Oxford, 1992) (pluralist)
H. E. Mayer, The Crusades, 2nd edn. (Oxford, 1988) (traditionalist)
J. Riley-Smith, The Crusades: A Short History (London, 1987) (pluralist)
J. Riley-Smith (ed.), The Oxford Illustrated History of the Crusades
(Oxford, 1995)
J. Riley-Smith, What Were the Crusades?, 3rd edn. (London, 2002)
(pluralist)
S. Runciman, A History of the Crusades (Cambridge, 1951–4)
(traditionalist, once described as ‘the last great medieval chronicle’)
C. Tyerman, The Invention of the Crusades (London, 1998)
Holy war
N. Housley, Religious Warfare in Europe 1400–1536 (Oxford, 2002)
J. Muldoon, Popes, Lawyers and Inﬁdels (Liverpool, 1979)
F. H. Russell, The Just War in the Middle Ages (Cambridge, 1975)
Holy lands
R. Barlett, The Making of Europe (London, 1993)
E. Christiansen, The Northern Crusades, 2nd edn. (London, 1997)
D. Lomax, The Reconquest of Spain (London, 1978)
J. Prawer, The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem (London, 1972)
R. C. Smail, Crusading Warfare (Cambridge, 1956)
146

The business of the cross
J. Brundage, Canon Law and the Crusader (Madison, 1969)
P. Cole, The Preaching of the Cross to the Holy Land 1095–1270
(Cambridge, Mass., 1991)
S. Lloyd, English Society and the Crusade 1216–1307 (Oxford, 1988)
C. Tyerman, England and the Crusades 1095–1588 (Chicago, 1988)
Introduction and conclusion
M. Benvenisti, Sacred Landscape: The Buried History of the Holy Land
since 1948 (London, 2000)
P. Partner, God of Battles: Holy Wars of Christianity and Islam (London,
1997)
E. Said, Orientalism (London, 1979)
E. Siberry, The New Crusaders (Aldershot, 2000)

Further reading

147

Chronology

c.400

Augustine of Hippo outlines a Christian theory of just
war

638

Jerusalem is captured by the Arabs under Caliph Umar

800

Charlemagne the Frank is crowned Roman Emperor of

9th century

Holy wars proclaimed against Muslim invaders of Italy

11th century

Peace and Truce of God movements in parts of France

the West

mobilize arms bearers to protect the Church
1053

Leo IX offers remission of sins to his troops ﬁghting
the Normans of southern Italy

1050s–70s
1071

Seljuk Turks invade Near East
Seljuk Turks defeat Byzantines at Manzikert; they
overrun Asia Minor and establish a capital at Nicaea

1074

Pope Gregory VII proposes a campaign from the west
to help Byzantium and liberate the Holy Sepulchre

1095

Byzantine appeal to Pope Urban II for military aid
against the Turks; Urban II’s preaching tour of France
(ends 1096); Council of Clermont proclaims Crusade

1096–9

First Crusade

1101 onwards

Smaller crusades to Holy Land

1104

Acre captured

1107–8

Crusade of Bohemund of Taranto against Byzantium

1109

Tripoli captured
148

c.1113

Order of the Hospital of St John in Jerusalem
recognized; militarized by c.1130

1114 onwards

Crusades in Spain

1120

Order of the Temple founded in Jerusalem to protect
pilgrims

1123

First Lateran Council extends Jerusalem privileges to
Spanish Crusades

1144

Edessa captured by Zengi of Aleppo

1145–9

Second Crusade

1149 onwards

Further crusades in Spain and the Baltic; a few to the
Holy Land

1154

Nur al-Din of Aleppo captures Damascus

1163–9

Franks of Jerusalem contest control of Egypt

1169

Saladin succeeds as ruler of Egypt

1174

Death of Nur al-Din; Saladin begins to unify Syria with

1187

Battle of Hattin; Saladin destroys army of Kingdom of
Jerusalem; Jerusalem falls to Saladin

1188–92

Third Crusade

1193

Saladin dies

1193–1230

Crusades to Livonia in the Baltic

1198

Foundation of Teutonic Knights in Acre; Pope Innocent

1199

Church taxation instituted for the Crusade; Crusade

III proclaims Fourth Crusade
against Markward of Anweiler in Sicily
1201–4

Fourth Crusade

13th century

Crusades in the Baltic by Teutonic Knights (Prussia),
Sword Brothers (Livonia), Danes (Prussia, Livonia,
Estonia), and Swedes (Estonia and Finland); Crusades
against German peasants and Bosnians

1208–29

Albigensian Crusade

1212

Children’s Crusade; Almohads defeated by Spanish
Christian coalition at Las Navas de Tolosa
149

Chronology

Egypt

1213

Innocent III proclaims Fifth Crusade and extends
crusade privileges to those who contribute but do not
go on crusade

1215

Fourth Lateran Council authorizes regular crusade
taxation

1217–29
1231 onwards

Fifth Crusade
Crusades against the Byzantines to defend western
conquests in Greece

1239–68

Crusades against Hohenstaufen rulers of Germany and

1239–41

Crusades to Holy Land of Theobald, Count of

Sicily
Champagne, and Richard, Earl of Cornwall; crusaders
defeated at Gaza (1239)
1242

Teutonic Knights defeated by Alexander Nevsky at

The Crusades

Lake Chud
1244

Jerusalem lost to Muslims; Louis IX of France takes the
cross

1248–54

First Crusade of Louis IX of France

1250

Mamluks take rule in Egypt (to 1517)

1251

First Shepherds’ Crusade

1260

Mamluks repulse Mongols at Ain Jalut; Baibars

1261

Greeks recover Constantinople

1267

Louis IX takes cross again

becomes sultan of Egypt (to 1277)

1268

Fall of Antioch to Baibars of Egypt

1269

Aragonese Crusade to Holy Land

1270

Louis IX’s Crusade ends at Tunis, where he dies

1271–2

Crusade to Holy Land of Lord Edward, later Edward I of
England

1272–91

Small expeditions to Holy Land

1282–1302

Wars of the Sicilian Vespers; include French crusade to
Aragon (1285)

1289

Fall of Tripoli
150

1291

Fall of Acre to al-Ashraf Khalil of Egypt and evacuation

1306–1522

Hospitallers rule island of Rhodes

1307–14

Trial and suppression of Templars

14th century

Papal crusades in Italy; crusading continues against

of mainland Outremer

heretics in Italy; Moors in Spain; pagans in the Baltic
(to 1410)
1309

Popular Crusade; Teutonic Knights move headquarters

1320

Second Shepherds’ Crusade

1330s onwards

Naval leagues against Turks in Aegean

1350s onwards

Ottoman Turks established in Balkans; soon establish

from Venice to Prussia

overlordship over Byzantine emperors
1365–6

Crusade of Peter of Cyprus; Alexandria sacked

1366

Crusade of Count Amadeus of Savoy to Dardanelles

1383

Crusade of Bishop Despenser of Norwich against

(1365)

Christian expedition to Mahdia in Tunisia

1396

Christian expedition against the Ottomans defeated at

15th century

Numerous small crusading forays against the

Nicopolis on the Danube (September)
Ottomans in eastern Mediterranean and east/central
Europe
1420–71

Crusades against the Hussite heretics in Bohemia

1444

Crusaders defeated at Varna in Bulgaria (November)

1453

Fall of Constantinople to Ottoman Turks under
Mehmed II

1456

Belgrade successfully defended from Ottoman Turks
with help of crusaders under John of Capistrano

1460–4

Abortive crusade of Pope Pius II

1480

Turks besiege Rhodes

1492

Granada falls to Spanish monarchs
151

Chronology

supporters of Pope Clement VII in Flanders
1390

16th century

More crusades against Turks in Mediterranean and
central Europe; from 1530s crusades threatened
against heretics (Protestants)

1522

Rhodes falls to Turks

1525

Secularization of Teutonic Order in Prussia

1529

Turks besiege Vienna

1530–1798

Hospitallers rule Malta

1560s–90s

French Wars of Religion; some Catholics receive
crusade privileges

1561–2

Secularization of Teutonic Order in Livonia

1565

Turks fail to conquer Malta

1571

Holy League wins a naval battle against the Turks at
Lepanto; Cyprus falls to Turks

1578

King Sebastian of Portugal defeated and killed at

1588

Spanish Armada attracts crusade privileges for

The Crusades

Alcazar on crusade in Morocco
Spanish
1669

Crete falls to Turks

1683

Turks besiege Vienna

1684–97

Holy League begins to reconquer Balkans from Turks

1798

Hospitallers surrender Malta to Napoleon Bonaparte

1898

Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany visits Jerusalem and
Damascus

1914–18

First World War; Ottoman Turkey allies with Germany
which encourages proclamation of jihad against the
Turks’ enemies

1917

British under General Allenby take Jerusalem

1919

Versailles Peace Treaty negotiations conﬁrm mandates
for Britain and France in Syria, Palestine, Iraq, and the
Lebanon

1948

Creation of the State of Israel (defended in wars 1948,
1967, 1973)

1982

Israeli invasion of Lebanon
152

1990

Gulf War

2001

Al-Qaeda attack on United States

2003–4

Iraq War

Chronology

153

Index

Alexius I Comnenus, Emperor
21, 23, 79
Alexius III, Emperor 37
Alexius IV, co-emperor 37
Alexius V Ducan Murzuphlus,
Emperor 37
Alfonso Henriques, king of
Portugal 29
Alfred, king of Wessex 72
Almohads 45, 124
Alphonso VI of Castile 58, 121
Amalric, king of Jerusalem 30,
118
Ambrose of Milan 66, 69
Americas 125
Anatolia 32, 55, 58, 59, 80
Andrew, king of Hungary 39
Anna Comnena (daughter of
Alexius I) 79
anti-Semitism 9, 32, 51, 85,
105–6
Antioch, Syria 23, 26, 30, 61
battle of (1097–8) 23
fall of (1268) 41
Peasant’s Crusade 93
periodic uprisings 117
principality of 26
Apocalypse 68
Aquinas, Thomas 69
Aquitaine, duchy of 21, 75
Aragon 47, 122, 124
aristocracy 19, 74, 96–7, 103,
118
Aristotle 68
Armenia 23
Arnald-Amaury, abbot of
Citeaux 44
Arsuf, battle of (1191) 34
Ascalon, battle of (1099) 26

A
Abbasid dynasty 58
Abdulhamid II, Sultan 140
Absalom, Archibishop of Lund
81
Acre, Palestine 1, 115
Fifth Crusade 39
loss of (1291) 51
pilgrim ships 120
Teutonic Knights founded in
47
Third Crusade siege of 30,
32, 142
Adalia, port of 29
Adhemar, bishop of Le Puy 22,
89, 91
Advent 90
Aelfric of Cerne, abbot of
Eynsham 73
Agincourt, battle of (1415) 135
Agnes of Courtenay 116
agriculture 117
Aigues Mortes, France 7
Ain Jalut, battle of (1260) 61
al-Ashraf Khalil, sultan of
Egypt 41, 62
al-Qaeda 142
Albert the Bear 127
Albigensian Crusade
(1209–29) 18, 43–4, 89,
124
Aleppo, Syria 27, 30, 61
Alexander III 127
Alexandria, sack of (1365) 51
Alexius Angelus 37
154

B
Bacon, Francis 52
Baghdad, sack of (1258) 61
Baghdad Caliphate 58, 59, 61
Baibars, sultan of Egypt 40, 41,
62
Baldwin, Archbishop of
Canterbury 88, 90, 91
Baldwin, Count of Flanders 36,
38
Baldwin I, king of Jerusalem
118
Baldwin III, king of Jerusalem
29
Baldwin IV, king of Jerusalem
30, 116
Baldwin of Boulogne 23
Baldwin V, king of Jerusalem
30
Balearic Islands 47
Balkan Wars (1990s) 139
Balkans 51, 62
Baltic Crusades 18, 29, 47–50,
53, 125–31
Baltic states 56, 57, 83, 101
Bayeux Tapestry 8
Beatitudes 66

C
Caesarea 41
canonization 131–2
Carolingian Empire 58, 72, 73
cash redemption 99, 100, 102,
103
Castile 45, 58, 121, 124, 132
castles, Outremer 112, 113, 114
casualty rates 103
155

Index

Beirut, siege of (1982) 142
Bela III 132
Belgrade 52
Bernard, bishop of Clairvaux
29, 50, 65, 87, 88, 89–90,
126
Bethlehem 115
Béziers, sack of (1209) 44
Bible, The 56, 64–8, 69, 71, 76,
109, 120, 134
Bin Laden, Usama 7, 139
bishops 74
Bohemia 44, 85, 134
Bohumund of Taranto 23
Bonet, Honoré, Tree of Battles
82
Boniface of Montferrat 36
booty 106
Bosham, Hampshire 8
Bosnians 44
Bosphorus crossing (1096) 22
Bulgaria 79
Burgundy, duchy of 75
Bush, President George W. 139
Byzantine Empire 37, 58, 62,
70, 78–9, 94
Byzantium 21, 22, 23, 56, see
also Constantinople

Asia Minor 29
Assad, Hafez al-, President of
Syria 3
assassination 116
Audita Tremendi 94
Augustine of Hippo 66, 69–70,
73, 82
Avars 72
Avignon, France 45
Ayyubids 80

The Crusades

Clement V, Pope 134
Clermont, Council of (1095)
12–14, 21, 22, 75, 89
Clifford’s Tower, York 8, 32
Clovis the Frank 71
Cluny Abbey 13
Cologne 131
colonialism 10, 110–11, 140
Columbus, Christopher 125
communes 93–4
Conrad III, king of Germany
29, 92, 127
Constantine, Emperor 71
Constantinople 18, 94
capture by Ottoman Turks
52
Christian relics 106
Fourth Crusade 37–8, 94
Second Crusade 29, see also
Byzantium
contracts 99–100
Cordova:
capture of (1236) 47, 122
collapse of caliphate of
(1031) 58
Cornwall, Earl of 40
Crac des Chevaliers, Syria
114
Crete 52, 55
Cromwell, Oliver 68
cross 64, 81, 83
taking the 88–92, 102, 105,
see also indulgences;
privileges
crucesignati 9, 12, 44, 88, 90,
104
Cruciﬁxion 14, 50
‘crusade’, derivation of 3
crusade sermons 86–92

Catalonia 58
catering trade 120
Cathars 18, 43–4, 89
Champagne, Count of 40
charitable donations 99
Charlemagne, king of the
Franks 71–2, 131
Charles of Anjou, king of Sicily
and Naples 45
Charles V, king of Spain 124,
132
Charles VII, king of France 132
Charles VIII, king of France
132
Châteaubriand, François-René
de 138
Children’s Crusade (1212) 18,
42–3, 102
chivalric training 26
Christendom 63, 70, 72, 131–5
Christianity:
eastern 78–9
importance of Jerusalem
to 14
justiﬁcation for warfare
64–70
militarization of western
70–3
shared religious sites 115
western 64–78
Christianization 47–50, 53,
70–1, 126–8
Christmas 90, 92
Church Fathers 66
Church of the Holy Sepulchre,
Jerusalem 8, 15, 35, 77, 78
Cicero 69
Cistercians 89
classicism 68–9
156

D
D-Day landings (1944) 139
Dalmatia 37
Damascus, Syria 3, 6, 29–30,
61
Damietta, Egypt:
captured by Ayyubids 61
captured by Louis IX 41, 131,
132, 133
Fifth Crusade 39, 94, 96
Danes 72, 83
Dante Alighieri 45
debt moratorium 16, 37
Denmark 21, 47, 56, 81, 127,
128, 131, 132
diplomacy 34, 92, 98, 102
Disraeli, Benjamin 138
Doryleaum, Syria 23, 29
Dream of the Rood 71

E
Easter 90, 92
ecclesiastical taxation 38, 98–9
Edessa, Armenia 23, 26, 27
Edward I, king of England 40,
98
Egypt 18, 34, 36, 38
Ayyubids 53, 61
crusades impact on 57
destruction of Levantine
ports 41, 56, 62
Fatimids 59, 118
Fifth Crusade 39
Fourth Crusade 36, 106

F
fascism 124, 130
Fatimids of Egypt 59, 118
157

Index

Louis IX’s invasion of 18,
40–1, 43
Mamluks 40, 51, 53, 60, 61–3
Napoleonic war 138
and Syria 30, see also
Damietta
Egyptians 23, 26
Eisenhower, General Dwight
D. 139
Eisenstein, Sergei 130
Elizabeth I, queen of England
44
Emeric, king of Hungary 37
emigration 96–7
England 21, 29, 44, 45, 134,
135
anti-Semitism 8, 32, 50
Norman invasion 73, 75
taxation 98
Third Crusade 30–4
Viking raids on 72
English army 83
Enrico Dandolo, doge of
Venice 37
Erdmann, Carl 71
Eric IX, king of Sweden 131
Estonia 47, 111, 128, 130
ethnic cleansing 47
Eugenius III, Pope 27
evangelism 71, 88, 92
exceptionalism 120, 131
excommunication 21
exegesis 64–8
Exodus, Book of 67

Curia 81
Cyprus 32, 34, 51, 52

The Crusades

Fourth Crusade 36
Huguenots 44
invasion of Aragon 47
popular uprisings 42, 43
religion of monarchy 132
Second Crusade 29
taxation 98
Third Crusade 30–4
Urban II’s recruitment drive
in 21
Francia 74
Franco, General 124
Franks 21, 61, 117, 118, see also
Outremer; recruitment
Frederick I, king of Germany
32, 33, 92, 100
Frederick II, king of Germany
18, 39, 45
French Revolution 138
Frisia 29
Fulk of Neuilly 88
Fulk V of Anjou 26
fundamentalism 7

Ferdinand II of Aragon 124
Ferdinand III, king of Castile
47, 122, 131
Ferdinand V, king of Castile
132
feudalism 93, 98
Fifth Crusade (1213–29) 18,
38–40, 57, 89, 94, 96, 99
ﬁnance 93–101, 94–5
Finland 47, 53, 127, 128
First Crusade (1095–9) 16,
19–26, 58, 59, 136
Clermont decree 12–14
ﬁnance for 94
lost leader of 132
and modern imperialism 56
and pilgrimage 77–8
recruitment for 93
success of 81
First Lateran Council (1123) 45
First World War (1914–18) 139,
142
Flanders 21, 22, 29, 36, 134
Florence 131
Fourth Crusade (1198–1204)
18, 36–8, 62, 106
Cistercians 89
funding for 94, 96
impact of 54, 57
recruitment 93
Fourth Lateran Council (1215)
38, 98
France 22, 134–5
Albigensian Crusade 18,
43–4, 89, 124
crusade of Louis IX 40–1
ejection of Muslim pirates
from 58
expulsion of Jews 51

G
Galilee 1, 31, 116
Genoa 52, 88, 96, 125, 131
Gerald of Wales 91
Germany 21, 22, 58, 98, 141
Baltic crusades 47
Baltic expansionism 126–30
Christianized military elite
70–1
crusaders 29
Fifth Crusade 38
Teutonic Knights 8, 47,
49–50, 101, 129
Third Crusade 30–1, 47
158

H
Harold II (Godwineson), king
of England 8
Hastings, battle of (1066) 73
Hattin, battle of (1187) 6, 30,
31, 98
Haughton, Chancellor, bishop
of St David’s 134
Hebrew texts 13
Henry, Cardinal of Albano 90
Henry II, king of England 32,
91, 98
Henry III, king of England 44,
83, 102
Henry IV, Emperor of
Germany 75–6
Henry IV, king of France 132
Henry the Lion, duke of
Saxony 127
Henry the Navigator 125
Henry V, king of England 135
Henry VIII, king of England
44

I
Iberia see Spain
iconography 3
immigration 118, 124
imperialism 4, 9, 56, 140
India 138
indulgences 81, 91, 102, 105
after the end of crusading 51,
52
Baltic crusades 50
159

Index

heresy 43–5, 56, 69, 74, 101
Hermann von Salza 49
Higden, Ranulph,
Polychronicon 54
Himmler, Heinrich 130
Hitler, Adolf 130
Hohenstaufen dynasty 45, see
also Frederick I; Frederick
II
Hollywood ﬁlms 7
Holy Cross Day 90
Holy Lance (relic) 23
Holy Land 16, 18, 19–41, 56–7,
109, see also Palestine
Holy League 52
holy war 64–85, 70, 80–1
eastern Christianity 78–9
legal justiﬁcation for 82–3,
85
western Christianity 64–78
Hostiensis 82
Huguenots 44
Hundred Years War
(1337–1453) 51, 107, 134,
135
Hungary 37, 39, 44, 132
Hussites 44, 134

Third Reich 130
Thirty Years War 45
Gibbon, Edward 5, 137
Gilbert of Hastings 83
Granada 47, 124, 132
Gratian of Bologna 81
Great Papal Schism 45
Greek Empire 37, 38, 52, 53–4,
55, 56, 58, 62, 79, 111
Gregory I, Pope 66
Gregory IX, Pope 39, 99
Gregory VII, Pope 21, 76, 77
Guibert, abbot of Nogent 110
Guy, king of Jerusalem 30

The Crusades

eastern crusades 131
Fifth Crusade 38
French invasion of 132
popular uprisings in 42, 43
representatives in Outremer
111
Venetian Crusade 106, see
also Venice

crusades against heretics 43,
44, 45
extended to non-combatants
89
John VIII 72
Leo IX 75
sale of 99
Urban II 77, 78, see also
privileges
inheritance 96–7
Innocent III, Pope 36, 38,
88–9, 92
Albigensian Crusade 43, 44
church taxation 98
on compulsory conversion
126
Innocent IV, Pope 49–50
Inquisition 44
Internet 142
Iran 59
Iraq 21, 57, 59, 61, 142–3
Isaac II, emperor of Byzantium
37
Isabella of Castile 124
Islam:
after September 2001 139
jihad 30, 61, 140, 142
nineteenth-century
triumphalism over
139–40
religious discrimination 121
shared religious sites with
Christianity 115, see also
Muslims
Israel 142
Israelites 67, 68, 69, 109, 134
Italy 21, 22, 57, 58, 76
crusades against Christians
in 45

J
Jaffa, treaty of (1192) 34
Jakelin de Mailly 1–2, 3, 144
James I, king of Aragon 47,
122
James of Vitry 88, 89, 91, 105
Jerome 66
Jerusalem 8, 9, 12
cosmopolitan royal court 118
eyewitness account of
massacre in 68
Fifth Crusade 39
First Crusade 23, 26, 77–8
formalized map of 119
Fourth Crusade 36
Hospitallers in 115
kingdom of 26, 110, 111, 113
on medieval world maps 54
Muslim control 57
recovery from Muslim rule
14, 16
Street of Palms 17
Third Crusade 30, 34, 61, 98,
see also Palestine
Jews 3, 7, 8, 50–1
attacks on 105–6
massacre of English 8, 32
in the Old Testament 67
Outremer 116
160

K
Khwarazmian raiders 39
Knights of Dobrin 128
Kurds 30, 61, 143

L
La Monte, J. 7
Ladislas, king of Hungary 132
Lake Peipus, battle of (1242)
129
landowners 102
Languedoc, France 43–4
Latin Mass 88, 90–1
law:
and holy war 82–3, 85
infringement of privileges
104
religious discrimination 116
leadership 93–4

M
Maccabbees 67, 134, 142
Magna Carta 102
Magyars 72
161

Index

legacies 99
Lent 90
Leo IV, Pope 72
Leo IX, Pope 75
lepers 115
Lessing, Carl Friedrich 11
Lisbon 29, 83
literature 7
Lithuania 50, 52, 126, 128
Livonia 47, 50, 53, 101, 109,
111, 126, 127, 128
Military Orders ruling 113,
125, 130
Lombardy 21, 22
London 8, 131
Lorraine 22
Louis IX, king of France 88
anti-Semitism 50
attacking Damietta 132, 133
canonization 131–2
crusade to Egypt 18, 40–1,
43
embarkation site 7
funding for crusade 96, 98,
100
penance 105
Louis VII, king of France 27,
29, 89, 92, 94, 98
Louis VIII, king of France 44
Louis X, king of France 122
Low Countries 21, 44
Lower Weser 44
Lutheranism 50

Rhineland pogroms 13, 22,
29, 50, 78
jihad 30, 61, 140, 142
Joan of Arc 132
John, king of England 102
John I Tzimisces 79
John of Brienne, king of
Jerusalem 39
John of Capistrano 52
John of Joinville 100
John of Würzburg 120
John Paul II, Pope 3, 7
John VIII, Pope 72
Judas Maccabeus 135
Julius II, Pope 45
just war theory 68–70, 81, 82,
109

The Crusades

Murcia 122
Muret, battle of (1213) 44, 124
Muslims 72
in the Holy Land 19–41
impact of crusades on 53–63
jihad 30, 60, 79–80, 140,
142
in Outremer 113, 115–16
in Spain 21, 45–7, 48, 58, see
also Islam

Mahdia, Tunisia 77
Malik Shah, sultan of Baghdad
21, 59
Mallorca 122
Malta 52
Mamluks 40, 51, 53, 59, 60,
61–3
Mansourah, battle of (1250) 40
Manzikert, battle of (1071) 21,
59
Marienburg, Prussia 8
Markward of Anweiler 43
Martin, Abbot of Pairis 89
martyrdom 2, 16
Mayer, H. E. 62
Mecklenberg, dukes of 126
medievalism 138
mercenaries 21, 30, 80, see also
Mamluks
Messina, Sicily 32
Michaud, Joseph François
139–40
military aristocracy 19
Military Orders 100–1, 111,
113
Iberian 101, 122
St John (Hospitallers) 8, 52,
101, 115, 120
Sword Brothers 47, 49, 128
Templars 1, 94, 101, 120
Teutonic Knights 8, 47,
49–50, 101, 129
miracles 23, 91
Moguls 138
monasticism 70, 72–3, 74, 77,
89
Mongols 40, 61, 62, 63
Moors 29, 121–2, 124, 132
Mosul, Syria 23, 27, 61

N
Nablus, Palestine 117
Napoleon, Emperor of France
52, 138
nationalism 134
NATO 139
Las Navas de Tolosa, battle of
(1212) 45, 124
neo-chivalry 138
neo-medievalism 4
Netherlands 44
Nevsky, Alexander 130
New Testament 64, 65, 66, 68,
76
Nicaea, Anatolia:
battle of (1097) 23
Seljuk capital at 59
Nicene Creed 66
Nicholas of Cologne 42
Nicopolis, battle of (1396) 51
Normandy 21, 22
Normans 73, 75
North Africa 53, 57
Norway 26
Novgorod, Russia 47
Nur al-Din, ruler of Aleppo 30,
61
162

O
oath of fealty 23
Old Testament 66–7, 69, 71,
109, 134
Orientalism 138
Origen of Alexandria 66
Orthodox Church 19
Oswald, king of Northumbria
71
Ottoman Turks 41, 80, 136,
140
capture of Constantinople 52
defeat of Mamluk Empire 62
demise of power after Great
War 142
in eighteenth century 137
western crusade armies
crushed by 51
Outremer (Crusader states)
26, 28, 30, 53, 110–21
castles of 112, 113, 114
inter-communal relations in
117
Jews in 51
new sacred landscape 120
in thirteenth century 40–1
Turkish invasion of 121, see
also Jerusalem

P
paciﬁsm 68, 70
paganism 69, 71, 74, 126–8
Palestine 1, 3, 16, 21, 26, 56,
110, 134
Ayyubids 53
crusades impact on 57
invaded by Byzantine
Empire 79
163

Index

Mamluks 62
Seljuk Turks 59
thirteenth century 41, see
also Jerusalem
papacy 3, 7, 10, 12, 21, 74
Baltic crusades 127, 129
Italian crusades 45
Second Crusade 27
use of violence 74–6, see also
individual popes
papal bulls 27, 38, 43, 89
Paris, Matthew 31
Paris, treaty of (1229) 44
Patarines 75
patria (homeland) 109, 134
patron saints 81–2, 122, 123
patronage 115
Peasants’ Crusade (1096) 18,
22, 93
Pelagius, Cardinal Legate 39,
94
penance 14, 17, 70, 73, 76, 105
penitential seasons 90–1, 92
Peter I, king of Aragon 44
Peter I, king of Cyprus 51
Peter II, king of Aragon 124
Peter the Hermit 22, 93
Philip II, king of France 32, 92,
96, 98
Philip II, king of Spain 124,
134
pigs 117
pilgrimage 9, 15, 16, 17, 22, 74
armed 77–8
catering trade for 120
following First Crusade 26
penitential 77
Treaty of Jaffa 34
pirates 58

The Crusades

Fifth Crusade 38–9
First Crusade 21–2
Fourth Crusade 36
Military Orders 100–1
professionalisation of 34, 36
Second Crusade 27, 29, 65
Third Crusade 30
redemption 76, 99, 100, 102,
103
Reformation 44, 132, 136–7
relics 76, 120, 125, 131
from Constantinople 106
Holy Lance 23
True Cross 31, 90
religious discrimination
115–16, 117, 121
religious persecution 8, 10, 13,
22, 29, 32, 50, 78
religious revivalism 21
Resurrection 14
Revelation of St John 68
Rhineland 13, 21, 22
Children’s Crusade 42
Jewish pogroms in 13, 22,
29, 50, 78
Rhodes 52
Richard I, king of England 3,
4, 5, 32–4, 55, 94, 96, 104
Richard of Cornwall 100, 103
Riga 128–9
righteousness 69
Robert, Duke of Normandy 98
Robert of Rheims 33
Roderigo Diaz (‘El Cid’) 58
Roger II, king of Sicily 29, 43
Roman Catholicism 3, 7, 136–7
Roman Empire 57, 65, 68–9,
71, 72
Romanticism 7, 11, 138

Pisa 77, 131
place-names 8
Poland 50, 130, 132
Pomerania 47
portents 91
Portugal 29, 125
Prawer, Joshua 120
preaching 86–92, 107
price increases 103
privileges 14, 16, 27, 38, 81, 90,
102, 104, 127, 128, see also
indulgences
propaganda 2, 64, 72, 109, 125,
134, 142, 143
Protestantism 44, 132, 136–7
Provence 21, 22
Prussia 47, 49, 53, 101, 109,
111, 128, 129, 130
Military Orders ruling 113,
125

Q
Qalawun, sultan of Egypt 41
Quantum praedecessores
(papal bull) 94
Quia Maior (papal bull) 38,
43, 89, 94

R
racism 9, 10, 83, 85, 115–17
ransom 98
Raymond II, Count of
Toulouse 116
Raymond IV, Count of
Toulouse 22
recruitment 88, 93, 101–2
crusade sermons 88–9, 92
164

S
Saddam Hussein 142–3
St Benedict 72–3
St James the Great 81–2, 122,
123, 125
St John, Military Order of 8,
52, 101, 115, 120
St Matthew, Gospel According
to 64
St Nicholas Church, Travant 17
St Paul, Epistles of 65, 66
saints 73, 76–7, 81–2, 122, 123,
131–2
Saladin 118
battle of Hattin 6, 30, 31, 98
Damascus statue of 3, 6
and Saddam Hussein 142,
143
Third Crusade 61
Treaty of Jaffa 34
western image of 5
Saladin tithe 98
salvation 2, 16, 19, 72, 76
Samuel, Book of 67
Santiago, cult of 125, see also St
James the Great
Sanudo, Marino 100
Saxo Grammaticus 81
Saxons 72
schismatics 43–4
Scotland 135
Scott, Sir Walter 7
165

Index

sea transport 96, 99, 103
Sebastian, king of Portugal 125
Second Crusade (1145–9) 16,
18, 26–30, 47, 65, 93, 94,
105, 127
Second World War (1939–45)
139
Segovia church council (1166)
45
Seljuk empire 32, 59, 80
Serbs 51
serfs 93
sermons 86–92
Seville, capture of (1248) 47,
122
Shepherds’ Crusade (1251) 18,
43, 102
Shia Muslims 59
Shirkuh (Kurdish commander)
30
Sicily 21, 29, 32, 57, 75, 96
Sigurd, king of Norway 26
Simon de Montfort 44, 83,
105, 124
Sixth Crusade (1228–9) 18
slavery 115, 117, 118
Slavs 29, 79, 126, 127, 130
sociology 10
Spain 26, 29, 109, 111
Almohad invasion of 45, 124
Jews in 51
Military Orders 101, 122
mujahiddin 80
Muslims in 21, 45–7, 52
racism 83
Reconquista 45–7, 56, 81–2,
121–5, 132
taifa kings in 58
Stephen of Cloyes 42

Rome 77
Rudolph (monk) 29
Rum (Asia Minor) 23
Runciman, Steven 10, 62, 139
Russia 47, 129–30

The Crusades

Stettin 126
Sunni Muslims 58, 59
Sweden 47, 56, 127
Sword Brothers, Military
Order of 47, 49, 128
Sybill, queen of Jerusalem 30
Syria 1, 3, 6, 16, 21, 23, 36, 39,
55, 56, 59, 109, 110
Ayyubids 53
crusades impact on 57
cultural differences 116
invaded by Byzantine
Empire 58, 79
Mamluks 62
Mongol invasion of 40
Seljuk empire in 59
thirteenth century 41
uniﬁcation of 30, 61

Toledo 58, 121
Tortosa, siege of (1147) 29
tourism 138
trade 103–4, 106, 111
Tripoli (principality) 26, 31, 41,
116
Truces of God 75
True Cross (relic) 31, 90
Tunisia 18, 41, 77
Turks 2, 21, 22, 23, 27, 39, 51,
62
Anatolia 32
Asia Minor 29
invasion of Outremer 121
Ottoman 41, 51, 52, 62, 80,
136, 137, 140, 142
Seljuk 32, 59, 80
Tyre, port of 31, 106, 117

T

U

Tancred of Sicily 96
Tarragona, Spain 77, 131
taxation 30, 36, 38, 45, 51, 96,
97–8, 103, 116
television 7
Templars 1, 94, 101, 120
Temple, London 8, 35
Temple Mount (Haram alSharif ), Jerusalem 39
terrorism 8
Teutonic Knights 8, 47, 49–50,
101, 129
Theobald of Champagne 103
Third Crusade (1188–92)
30–6, 47, 56, 61, 83, 90,
93, 94, 96, 100
Third Reich 130
Thirty Years’ War (1239–68) 45

Ugolino, Cardinal of Ostia
99
Urban II, Pope 64, 76
and Christian political
history 57
First Crusade 12–14, 16, 26
preaching tour for First
Crusade 21, 50, 77–8,
89
and Raymond of Toulouse
22
rebuilding of Tarragona 131

V
Valencia, Spain 47, 58, 122
Varna, battle of (1444) 51
Venetian Crusade (1122–5) 106
166

Venice 54–5, 62, 100, 131
Fourth Crusade 36–8, 96, see
also Italy
Venice, doge of 26, 37
Vikings 72, 73
violence:
Christian distinction 73
legal justiﬁcation for 82–3,
85
and piety 78
Virgin Mary 76, 124, 129
visions 23
vow redemptions 99, 100, 102,
103
vows 16, 81
Vulgate 66

Wars of Religion 44, 132
Wars of the Sicilian Vespers
(1282–1302) 45, 47
Wends 125, 127
Wilhelm II, Kaiser of Germany
141
William II, king of Sicily 30
William II Rufus, king of
England 21, 98
William of Tyre 120
William the Conqueror 8, 73

W

Z

Walter Sans Avoir 22
war, justiﬁcation for 68–70, 81,
82, 109
war commodities 103

Zara, battle of (1202) 37, 94
Zengi, ruler of Mosul and
Aleppo 27, 30, 59
Zengids 80

Y
York, massacre of Jews (1190)
8, 32

Index

167

