Contemporary Art: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham

CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford

THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES
Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING
Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon

Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler

POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt

SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
Derrida Simon Glendinning
EXISTENTIALISM
Thomas Flynn
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HUMAN MIGRATION
Khalid Koser

INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
JAZZ Brian Morton
MANDELA Tom Lodge
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RAJ Denis Judd
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROMANTICISM Duncan Wu

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

Julian Stallabrass

CONTEMPORARY
ART
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Julian Stallabrass 2004
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published in hardback as Art Incorporated 2004
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2006
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280646–7 978–0–19–280646–8
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd., Gosport, Hampshire

Contents

Acknowledgements ix
List of illustrations x

1
2
3
4
5
6

A zone of freedom? 1
New world order

19

Consuming culture

50

Uses and prices of art
The rules of art now
Contradictions 119
References
Index

145

136

70
101

To Peter and Audrey

Acknowledgements

While this book takes a position against much of the literature
written on contemporary art, that writing has nonetheless formed
it, and I would like to express my appreciation to all those who
appear in the references section. I would urge readers to use this
account as a staging post to go on to ﬁnd more detailed analyses of
subjects that can only be dealt with summarily here.
I have beneﬁted greatly from conversations with many artists,
academics, critics, and curators, and particularly from colleagues
and students at the Courtauld Institute of Art. Many thanks also to
Sarah James and Hyla Robiscek, who helped my research. Thanks
also to all those at Oxford University Press, and particularly to
Katharine Reeve who nurtured this project.
Parts of this book have been previously published in the following
places, though all these passages have been substantially altered for
their appearance here:
‘Shop until You Stop’, in Schirn Kunstalle Frankfurt/Tate Liverpool,
Shopping: A Century of Art and Consumer Culture, ed. Christoph
Grunenberg and Max Hollein (Ostﬁldern-Ruit: Hatje Cantz
Publishers, 2002).
‘Free Trade/Free Art’, in Neil Cummings/Marysia Lewandowska,
Free Trade (Manchester: Manchester Art Gallery, 2003).
‘Literally No Place by Liam Gillick’, Bookworks website, June 2003:
http://www.bookworks.org.uk/sharptalk/04/index.htm

List of illustrations

1

Mel Chin, Night Rap

12

© the artist

2 Kara Walker, Camptown
Ladies
15
© the artist. Courtesy of Brent
Sikkema, New York

3 Vik Muniz, Aftermath
(Angélica)
22

7 José Angel Toirac,
Obsession, from the series
‘Tiempos Nuevos’
40
© the artist. Courtesy of Fran
Magee/Medaid, Austin, TX

8 Wang Guangyi, Great
Capitalism Series:
Coca Cola
42
© the artist. Courtesy of Kwai Po
Collection, Hong Kong

© the artist. Courtesy of Galeria
Fortes Vilaça, São Paulo

4 Santiago Sierra, 160 cm
line tattooed on 4
people
29
© the artist. Courtesy of Lisson
Gallery, London

9 Xu Bing, A Book from
the Sky
44
© the artist

10

5 Boris Mikhailov, At Dusk
Series
31

© the artist. Installation at the
Israel Museum, Jerusalem

© the artist

6 Sergei Bugaev Afrika,
MIR, Made in the
Twentieth Century
32
© the artist. Courtesy of 1–20
Gallery, New York

Kcho, Speaking of the
Obvious Was Never a
Pleasure for Us
46

11

Takashi Murakami,
Hiropon

50

© 1997 Takashi Murakami/
Kaikai Kiki Co. Ltd. Courtesy of
Tomio Koyama Gallery, Blum and
Poe/photo Joshua White

12

Sylvie Fleury, Serie ELA
75/K (Easy, Breezy,
Beautiful)
56
Courtesy of the artist and Galerie
Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber,
Zurich

13

Vanessa Beecroft,
VB29.243

59

21

© the artist. Courtesy of
neugerriemschneider, Berlin

22 Paul Pfeiffer, The Long
Count (Rumble in the
Jungle)
105
© the artist. Courtesy of The
Project New York and Los
Angeles

© 1997 Vanessa Beecroft

14

Andreas Gursky, Times
Square
66
© VG Bild-Kunst, Bonn and
DACS, London 2004. Courtesy
of Monka Sprüth Galerie,
Cologne/Philomene Magers

15

23 Gabriel Orozco,
La DS

Thomas Struth, Times
Square, New York
67

Thomas Ruff, h.e.k.04 67
© DACS 2004. Courtesy of the
artist

17

Jeff Koons, Loopy

24 Paola Pivi, Untitled
(Aeroplane)

Francis Alÿs, Zocalo

Zbigniew Libera, LEGO
Concentration Camp 108
© the artist. Courtesy of Galleri
Faurschou, Copenhagen

© the artist

20 Damien Hirst, Absolut
Hirst
90

121

© the artist. Courtesy of Jay
Jopling/White Cube (London)

77

Liam Gillick, Renovation
Proposal for Rooseum,
Malmo
82

© 2004 V&S Vin & Sprit AB
(publ). Courtesy of the artist

25

26 Gavin Turk, Che
Guevara

© the artist. Courtesy of Lisson
Gallery, London

19

107

© the artist/photo Attilio
Maranzano. Courtesy of Galerie
Emmanuel Perrotin, Paris

73

© the artist. Courtesy of
Sonnabend Gallery, New York

18

106

© the artist. Courtesy of Marian
Goodman Gallery, New York

© the artist. Courtesy of Marian
Goodman Gallery, New York

16

Tobias Rehberger, Seven
Ends of the World
103

27

Eduardo Kac, Alba, the
Fluorescent Rabbit
125
© the artist. Courtesy of Julia
Friedman Gallery, Chicago

28 etoy, CORPORATION,
TOYWAR site
130
etoy.com

29 Allan Sekula, Waiting for
Tear Gas
133
© the artist. Courtesy of
Christopher Grimes Gallery,
Santa Monica, CA

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Chapter 1
A zone of freedom?

Think ﬁrst of the use contemporary artists make of human bodies:
hair teased into patterns that form Chinese characters, or woven
into a rug, or plucked from the artist’s body to be inserted into a
diminutive waxwork rendition of the corpse of the artist’s father;
blood let drip from self-inﬂicted wounds onto canvas, or made into a
self-portrait bust; marks made on drawings – or over cruciﬁxes – by
ejaculating over them; cosmetic surgery undergone as performance
art; human ears grown in Petri dishes; a baby’s corpse cooked and
(apparently) eaten. Contemporary art seems to exist in a zone of
freedom, set apart from the mundane and functional character of
everyday life, and from its rules and conventions. In that zone,
alongside quieter contemplation and intellectual play, there
ﬂourishes a strange mix of carnival novelty, barbaric transgressions
of morals, and offences against systems of belief. Discussion of
contemporary art, ranging from specialist journal to tabloid
column, encompasses respectful exegesis, complex philosophical
diversions, fawning publicity, and ﬁnally denunciation, ridicule,
and dismissal. Yet this familiar scene – how old and established is
art’s rule-breaking, and how routine are the recommendations and
condemnations – masks signiﬁcant recent change.
Some of this change has been driven by art’s internal concerns,
while some is a response to broader economic and political
transformation. At ﬁrst sight there seems to be no system against
1

which art is currently more differentiated than the global neoliberal
economy, founded on the ideal if not the practice of free trade. The
economy functions strictly and instrumentally according to iron
conventions, imposed unequally on nations by the great
transnational economic bodies; it establishes hierarchies of wealth
and power; it enforces on the vast majority of the world’s
inhabitants a timetabled and regulated working life, while
consoling them with visions of cinematic lives given meaning
through adventure and coherent narrative (in which heroes make
their lives free precisely by breaking the rules), and with plaintive
songs of rebellion or love. This is the nerve pressed on by Jonathan
Richman’s deceptively saccharine song, Government Center. Here
are some of the lyrics:

Contemporary Art

We gotta rock at the Government Center
to make the secretaries feel better
when they put the stamps on the letter . . .

The song ends with the dinging of a typewriter bell. It tells its
listeners what pop songs are (mostly) for.
Art appears to stand outside this realm of rigid instrumentality,
bureaucratized life, and its complementary mass culture. That it
can do so is due to art’s peculiar economy, based on the
manufacture of unique or rare artefacts, and its spurning of
mechanical reproduction. Artists and dealers even artiﬁcially
constrain the production of works made in reproducible media,
with limited-edition books, photographs, videos, or CDs. This small
world – which when seen from the inside appears autonomous, a
micro-economy governed by the actions of a few important
collectors, dealers, critics, and curators – produces art’s freedom
from the market for mass culture. To state the obvious, Bill Viola’s
videos are not play-tested against target audiences in the Midwest,
nor are producers forced on art bands like Owada to ensure that
their sound will play inoffensively in shops or appeal to a core
market of 11-year-old girls. So this cultural enclave is protected
2

from vulgar commercial pressures, permitting free play with
materials and symbols, along with the standardized breaking of
convention and taboo.

Yet there are reasons to wonder whether free trade and free art are
as antithetical as they seem. Firstly, the economy of art closely
reﬂects the economy of ﬁnance capital. In a recent analysis of the
meaning of cultural dominance, Donald Sassoon explored patterns
of import and export of novels, opera, and ﬁlm in the nineteenth
and twentieth centuries. Culturally dominant states have abundant
local production that meets the demands of their home markets,
importing little and successfully exporting much. In the nineteenth
century, France and Britain were the dominant literary powers. The
US is now by far the most dominant cultural state, exporting its
products globally while importing very little. As Sassoon points out,
this does not mean that everyone consumes American culture, just
that most of the culture that circulates across national boundaries is
American.
Sassoon rules ﬁne art out of his account on the sensible grounds
that it has no mass market. It is hard to read trade ﬁgures for signs
3

A zone of freedom?

The freedom of art is more than an ideal. If, despite the small
chance of success, the profession of artist is so popular, it is because
it offers the prospect of a labour that is apparently free of narrow
specialization, allowing artists, like heroes in the movies, to
endow work and life with their own meanings. Equally for the
viewers of art, there is a corresponding freedom in appreciating the
purposeless play of ideas and forms, not in slavishly attempting to
divine artists’ intentions, but in allowing the work to elicit thoughts
and sensations that connect with their own experiences. The
wealthy buy themselves participation in this free zone through
ownership and patronage, and they are buying something genuinely
valuable; the state ensures that a wider public has at least the
opportunity to breathe for a while the scent of freedom that works
of art emit.

Contemporary Art

of cultural dominance in a system that is thoroughly cosmopolitan,
so that you may have a German collector buying through a British
dealer the work of a Chinese artist resident in the US. We can,
however, get an idea of the volume of trade in each nation, and,
given the high proportion of international trade in the art market,
this does give an indication of global hegemony. Here there are
striking parallels with the distribution of ﬁnancial power. It is
hardly surprising that the US is dominant, accounting for a little
less than a half of all global art sales; Europe accounts for much of
the rest, with the UK taking as its share around a half of that. Art
prices and the volume of art sales tend to match the stock markets
closely, and it is no accident that the world’s major ﬁnancial centres
are also the principal centres for the sale of art. To raise this parallel
is to see art not only as a zone of purposeless free play but as a minor
speculative market in which art works are used for a variety of
instrumental purposes, including investment, tax avoidance, and
money laundering.
Secondly, and to banish such crude economic considerations from
the minds of its viewers, contemporary art must continually display
the signs of its freedom and distinction, by marking off its
productions from those vulgarized by mass production and mass
appeal. It can make a virtue of obscurity or even boredom to the
point that these become conventions in themselves. Its lack of
sentimentality is a negative image of the sweet fantasies and happy
endings peddled in pop songs, cinema, and television. In its dark
explorations of the human psyche, of which the worst is generally
assumed, it appears to hold out no consolation. Yet, naturally, all of
this ends up being somewhat consoling, for out of the negativity
quite another message emerges: that such a zone of freedom, and
free critique, can be maintained by the instrumental system of
capitalism.
Thirdly, and most dangerously for the ideal of unpolluted cultural
freedom, it is possible to see free trade and free art not as opposing
terms but rather as forming respectively a dominant system and its
4

The bourgeoisie, by the rapid improvement of all instruments of
production, by the immensely facilitated means of communication,
draws all, even the most barbarian, nations into civilisation. The
cheap prices of its commodities are the heavy artillery with which it
batters down all Chinese walls, with which it forces the barbarians’
intensely obstinate hatred of foreigners to capitulate. It compels all
nations, on pain of extinction, to adopt the bourgeois mode of
production; it compels them to introduce what it calls civilisation
into their midst . . . In one word, it creates a world after its own
image.

It is not merely national barriers that are demolished. Continual
innovation in industry and culture dissolves old structures,
traditions, and attachments, so that in Marx’s famous phrase, ‘All
that is solid melts into air . . . ’
5

A zone of freedom?

supplement. The supplement may appear to be an inessential extra
but (in Jacques Derrida’s celebrated analysis) nevertheless, like the
afterword to a book or footnotes to an essay, has a role in its
completion and shares its fundamental character. Free art has a
disavowed afﬁnity with free trade, and the supplementary minor
practice is important to the operation of the major one. So the
tireless shufﬂing and combining of tokens in contemporary art in its
quest for novelty and provocation (to take some recent examples,
sharks and vitrines, paint and dung, boats and modernist sculpture,
oval billiard tables) closely reﬂect the arresting combinations of
elements in advertising, and the two feed off each other incessantly.
As in the parade of products in mass culture, forms and signs are
mixed and matched, as if every element of culture was an
exchangeable token, as tradable as a dollar. The daring novelty of
free art – in its continual breaking with conventions – is only a pale
rendition of the continual evaporation of certainties produced by
capital itself, which tears up all resistance to the unrestricted ﬂow
across the globe of funds, data, products, and ﬁnally the bodies of
millions of migrants. As Marx put it a century-and-a-half ago, in a
passage of striking contemporary force:

Contemporary Art

We shall see that there are many artists who in differing degrees
critically examine the afﬁnity between contemporary art and
capital. Yet in the general run of art-world statements – particularly
in those destined for the public rather than specialists – that afﬁnity
is invisible. Anyone who reads much about contemporary art will
have frequently come across some version of the following mantra:
this work of art/this artist’s work/the art scene as a whole
transcends rational understanding, pitching the viewer into a state
of trembling uncertainty in which all normal categories have
slipped away, opening a vertiginous window onto the inﬁnite, some
traumatic wound normally sutured by reason, or onto the void.
According to this standard view, art works are only incidentally
products that are made, purchased, and displayed, being centrally
the airy vehicles of ideas and emotions, the sometimes stern,
sometimes gentle taskmasters of self-realization.
In The Rules of Art, an exceptional analysis of French literature in
the second half of the nineteenth century, Pierre Bourdieu traces
the social conditions for the emergence of an autonomous art, free
of the demands of religion, private patrons, and the state. He notes
the survival of this belief – that art is inexplicable – born at that
time, into the present:
I would simply ask why so many critics, so many writers, so many
philosophers take such satisfaction in professing that the experience
of a work of art is ineffable, that it escapes by deﬁnition all rational
understanding; why are they so eager to concede without a struggle
the defeat of knowledge; and where does their irrepressible need to
belittle rational understanding come from, this rage to afﬁrm the
irreducibility of the work of art, or, to use a more suitable word, its
transcendence. (p. xiv)

Today art is supposed to have passed into a different epoch, far
removed from the ﬁrst ﬂush of avant-garde activity in the work
of Flaubert and Courbet, and its evolving devotion to art for art’s
sake. Beginning in the mid-1970s, and with increasing force,
6

postmodernism was meant to have swept such concerns aside,
challenging the category of high art itself, or at least delighting in its
pollution by myriad cultural forms. So we start with a curiosity: that
in the visual arts today those old notions of art’s ineffability, touched
more with mysticism than analysis, still thrive.
This continued insistence on the unknowability of art is all the
more strange because it has been accompanied recently by some
transparently instrumental art practices. Since we cannot know
what we cannot know, this mantra about the impenetrability of the
realm of art stands out as naked propaganda. The uses to which art
is put, and the identity of those who use it, are often far from
mysterious. Since the fall of Eastern European Communism and the
emergence of capitalism as a truly global system, these uses have
become both more advanced and more evident.

The global events of 1989 and after – the reuniﬁcation of Germany,
the fragmentation of the Soviet Union, the rise of global trade
agreements, the consolidation of trading blocs, and the
transformation of China into a partially capitalist economy –
changed the character of the art world profoundly. Ever since the
capital of the arts switched from Paris to New York following the
Second World War, the art world had, after all, been structured on
the Cold War division of East and West. The state-supported high
art of each bloc was a negative image of the other: if the art of the
East had to conform to and represent a speciﬁc ideology and have a
deﬁnite social use, then the art of the West must be apparently free
of any such direction, and attain perfect uselessness. If the art of the
East celebrated the achievements of humanity, and particularly of
socialist Man, then the art of the West must focus on humanity’s
limits, failures, and cruelties (all the while holding out the hope that
art itself, in its very excavation of these troubles, may be an
achievement in itself ). With the fading of this antagonism (slowly
under glasnost and then swiftly as the regimes of the East
7

A zone of freedom?

Beyond the Cold War

imploded), and with the much-trumpeted triumph of capitalism
(the establishment of a ‘new world order’ in which the US was the
only superpower) the art world swiftly reconﬁgured itself. As we
shall see, a rash of art events peppered the globe, while artists of
many nations, ethnicities, and cultures, long ignored in the West,
were borne to critical and commercial success.

Contemporary Art

The shift was prepared for by postmodern critique which, in a
complex series of theoretical moves, afﬁrmed what the market had
slowly sanctioned, unveiling the white male ‘genius’ skulking
behind the universalist façade of high culture. Feminists challenged
the male dominance of the art world, doing much to reformulate
the very standards of judgement that had assured women’s
exclusion. The action of ethnic others took longer, and in the US, as
we shall see, was attended by furious controversy.
The rise of the prominent multicultural exhibition exactly coincides
with the end of the Cold War, with two shows, planned in the years of
glasnost, breaking the institutional white monopoly in London and
Paris: the Pompidou’s Magiciens de la Terre, and the Hayward
Gallery’s The Other Story, both of 1989. Each was controversial and,
as ﬁrst forays into this area, necessarily partial. Magiciens de la
Terre, in particular, was criticized for exoticizing Third World
artists, an attitude expressed in its very title. Nevertheless, it was the
ﬁrst major exhibition in a metropolitan art-world centre to show
contemporary First World and Third World art together on an
equal footing. Rasheed Araeen fought against the indifference and
condescension of the British art elite to produce The Other Story,
which for the ﬁrst time showed black and Asian British artists in a
prominent public space. These exhibitions achieved a new visibility
for contemporary artists of colour. And both – despite the fears of
Araeen, who after years of marginalization rightly worried that his
show might be no more than an isolated ‘curiosity’ in the white-out
– proved to be heralds of a system under which non-white artists
would no longer need complain of invisibility, and had to start
worrying instead about the type of attention they were receiving.
8

While the art world has taken up the politically liberal aspect of this
rhetoric, in particular recommending the beneﬁts of cultural
mixing or hybridity, the overall vision behind it – the dream of
9

A zone of freedom?

Following the end of the Cold War, the global consolidation of an
unrestrained type of capitalism, dubbed ‘neoliberalism’, also
coincided with this ﬂush of colour to the art world’s cheeks. Under
neoliberalism, the language of free trade is spoken but the global
regulatory bodies (the World Bank, the IMF, and the WTO) enforce
rules that protect industries and agriculture in wealthy nations
while opening fragile economies to unregulated trade (including the
dumping of below-cost goods), privatization, and the dismantling of
welfare provision. The general results across the globe are low
wages, insecure employment, high unemployment, and the
weakening of unions. This system, and its catastrophic
consequences for the weakest nations, has recently been plotted by
ex-World Bank economist, Joseph Stiglitz, who shows, for example,
how the IMF and the World Bank produced or exacerbated crises in
Russia, East Asia, and elsewhere with grave and frequently lethal
results for their inhabitants. Yet, despite the wealth that ﬂows to
transnational corporations – and, as we shall see, thus to the art
world – the greatest effect on art has not been on its economy but its
rhetoric. A loud chorus of voices has been heard praising the
demolition of cultural barriers that accompanies the supposed
destruction of barriers to trade, and the glorious cultural mixing
that results. In this the art world is hardly alone, for a wave of
enthusiasm for globalization swept through the discourses of
economics and politics, along with the humanities, from academic
conference to liberal newspaper. The logic of such talk has been
analytically skewered by Justin Rosenberg, who has shown the
incoherence that emerges from analyses that purport to use the
abstract qualities of space and time as the prime movers in social
theory, replacing the parameters of economic, political, and military
power, with results that are often vague or merely rhetorical. In the
art world, the ferment of talk about globalization has often been
quite as slack and ubiquitous.

Contemporary Art

global capital – has been thoroughly and swiftly reﬂected there. Art
discourse, institutions, and works have changed rapidly as a result.
Throughout the 1990s biennials and other art events were founded
across the globe, while cities built new museums of contemporary
art, or expanded old ones. The activities of these museums became
steadily more commercial as they adopted corporate ideals,
establishing alliances with business, bringing their products closer
to commercial culture, and modelling themselves less on libraries
than shops and theme parks. At the same time, contemporary art
has moved into closer contact with selected elements of a mass
culture that has become so pervasive that this turn is sometimes
confused with a new engagement with the ‘real’ or ‘real life’. Art
stars have long been celebrities, but now the art scene as a whole is
treated much like fashion or pop, and even its minor players appear
in the organs devoted to tracking the orbits of the celestial bodies.
In particular, art and fashion have increasingly been seen hand-inhand, as the cult of youth that has enveloped culture as a whole also
saturated the art world.
This account will often take the period since 1989 as if it were a
unitary whole so that we may more clearly examine the structure of
the art world and its products, but we should also touch upon some
of the important changes associated with globalization that have
transformed contemporary art. These are the linked issues of
politicized art in the US, the economic cycle, and a transformation
in the standard form of contemporary art display.

Culture Wars
In the US, contemporary art, particularly photography and
performance, were at the centre of a political battle over central
government funding of the arts. It was sparked by the showing in
state-subsidized venues of works which could be read as obscene or
blasphemous. In 1989, before his fellow senators, Alphonse
d’Amato tore up a reproduction of Andres Serrano’s Piss Christ, a
photograph of a mass-produced cruciﬁx immersed in the artist’s
10

Conservative anger was directed at depictions and performances
that celebrated gay sexuality, or objected to government inaction
over AIDS, or openly displayed black bodies and sexuality. While
such works were openly reviled, with a rage that laid bare the
racism and homophobia of much of the US political landscape, the
attack was also extended to political works as such, and particularly
to the entire exploration of racism in art. In 1994, the Whitney’s
Black Male exhibition, curated by Thelma Golden, was the subject
of particular controversy, due to its many depictions of naked
bodies in an explicitly political show that took on the white
establishment’s fear and subjection of black men. One piece that
tellingly condensed the concerns of the show was Mel Chin’s Night
Rap, a police nightstick, the side-handle of which was shaped into
an erect penis.
11

A zone of freedom?

urine. In 1990, for exhibiting Robert Mapplethorpe’s exhibition,
The Perfect Moment, Dennis Barrie, director of the Cincinnati
Contemporary Arts Center, found himself in the dock on charges of
violating obscenity laws. The show had included depictions, in
Mapplethorpe’s highly aestheticized black-and-white photographs,
of gay sex, sadomasochism, and the results of the artist’s long quest
for the perfect (black) dick. Barrie was acquitted, though the
defence was reduced to arguing that the photographs were art, and
not pornography, because they could be enjoyed formally. These
works and others were used as the basis for a Republican attack on
the National Endowment for the Arts, the federal source of arts
funding in the US. The attack was partly successful, substantially
reducing the already modest sum at the NEA’s disposal and, despite
furious political controversy, eventually cowing opposition and
contributing towards producing a more quiescent scene. As
Douglas Davis has pointed out in a ﬁne and detailed account of the
Clinton administration’s record on the arts, their strategy in the face
of continued conservative attacks was defensive and limited, and
certainly did not extend to any explicit support for the visual arts.
The result was further politically motivated cutting of the NEA
budget.

Contemporary Art

1. Mel Chin, Night Rap

Black Male met with objections not only from white conservatives
uncomfortable with the political resonance of the subject but from
black activists and artists who criticised its concentration on the
nude, and thus possible conﬁrmation of the very attitudes it set out
to criticize.
More generally, there was both a great deal of explicitly political
art prominently displayed in the US in the early 1990s and a
strident reaction against it among even moderately conservative
critics, such as Peter Schjeldahl and Robert Hughes, who made a
concerted attempt to have such work ruled out of the category of
‘art’. A few years later, such critics did succeed in establishing a
vogue for ‘beauty’ in contemporary art, as we shall see. The far
right’s attacks, by contrast, ultimately failed to alter the
contemporary art scene signiﬁcantly. Few could take seriously
what was recommended in its place, namely a respectful and
patriotic art that stepped straight out of the McCarthy era. But
there was also a fundamental contradiction in their position: the
cultural manifestations they objected to so vehemently were
12

produced by the very economic forces that they were committed to
defending.

If the prominence of this political art was comparatively brief, this
was partly because it had served its purpose: art did diversify, and
once it had adapted itself to its new circumstances, could not go
back. If it failed to fulﬁl its own wider ideals, this was because of its
incomplete character, particularly its isolation from actual political
13

A zone of freedom?

Yet how did politicized art, long made by activists struggling against
the mainstream, but little seen, come to such prominence? In part it
was a reaction against the market-friendly art of the 1980s which
had been so suddenly beached and stranded by the recession. In
part, it was in anticipation of a liberal turn in politics, for many in
the art world backed Clinton in 1992, and some were even involved
in fund-raising for his campaign. If these expectations were
disappointed in the long run, at ﬁrst Clinton’s canniness in
handling cultural signs that suggested nascent change gave many
heart. More important than either was a reconﬁguration of US art
in the face of the newly globalized art world. If the establishment of
New York as the centre of the art world following the Second World
War had meant a shift in the focus of American art from local and
national concerns to supposedly universal themes, the new order
required the abandonment of universality in favour of an
exploration of diversity, difference, and hybridity. The physical
centre of the art world remained right where it was, as we shall see,
for as the world’s most multicultural nation the US has this
advantage under the new system to add to its economic and
political might. Yet it could not exercise that advantage until its own
prejudices and exclusions – barriers to trade – had been confronted.
The ‘Culture Wars’ and the battle over political art that followed
were a modernizing process. They were to be replayed in other
nations where religion held a prominent place in politics and public
life, with similar art scandals over abused religious symbols and
explicit sexual scenes causing censorship and the sacking of
curators in Poland and Greece.

Contemporary Art

processes. Benjamin Buchloh, in a mordant but compelling account
of contemporary art, argues that the long trend in the US (and one
may add elsewhere) for politics to move from the public to the
private realms was reﬂected in an art that focused on artists’
identities and the way these could be constructed through
assemblages of conventional signs. It was more comfortable to
explore these concerns than the intractable issues of social class and
indifferent political institutions.
The identities formed by money and class, and their integral links to
other identities, were forgotten in this politics. So when the US
economy revived, especially through the mid-1990s, a mutated
market-friendly work once again came to the fore, in which
identities became spectral associations, their blending and wafting
this way and that being the subject of consumerist whim. One
striking exemplar is the highly successful work of Kara Walker
whose cut-out fantasy scenes of sex and violence down on the
plantation generated much controversy.
Identity at its most traumatic – the utter humiliation of slavery – is
literally seen in silhouette as caricatured ﬁgures act out the grossest
acts of subjugation, rendered in a sweet, fairytale manner. As Coco
Fusco points out, there is no clear moral frame of reference here,
and the work does not document or preach but appeals to
suppressed fantasy and desire. The question is, whose desires?
Some black commentators, notably Betye Saar, were deeply
uncomfortable with Walker’s sudden and dramatic success in the
mainstream art institutions, seeing the work as amusing a white
audience with a dangerous conﬁrmation of their own prejudices.
Since the art world is bound to the economy as tightly as Ahab to
the white whale, another way of looking at that same relationship is
through the economic cycle. The period under discussion here –
from 1989 to the present day (I write as US troops squat in
Baghdad, conﬁrming a new and decidedly anti-globalist imperial
order) – is bounded on either side by recession. The ﬁrst was the
14

spectacular crash of 1989 that slaughtered the bloated artistic
giants of the 1980s glut, shattering art-world self-importance and
conﬁdence, and in the longer term producing ruder and more
populist work, alongside politically committed art. The bubble
that burst was pricked by the sudden withdrawal of Japanese
buying from the market, partly caused by wider economic
problems, but also by the scandalous revelation that much
art-buying in Japan had been undertaken as a way of evading tax
on real-estate proﬁts, with the side-effect of artiﬁcially inﬂating
prices.
The second global recession was a slower-burning affair in the
West, caused by the failure of the high-tech sector, and followed by
general falls in the stock market, scandals over ﬁnancial corruption,
and war. Between these two recessions, economic revival was
uncertain, except in the most outrightly neoliberal economies of the
West where it was buoyed on the high-tech and dotcom bubble. In
those nations, glut produced (as we shall see, predictably) a reaction
15

A zone of freedom?

2. Kara Walker, Camptown Ladies

Contemporary Art

against art that engaged with theory and politics, in favour of work
which set out to prettify, awe, entertain, and be sold.
The other signal change in 1990s art was the rise of ‘installation
art’. This is a complex and contested term. Some see it as an art
that ﬁrmly resists buying and selling, being by deﬁnition ephemeral
and difﬁcult or impossible to move around. So, as Julie H. Reiss has
it, installation – born in the 1960s – has revived from its long
slumber through the commercially driven years of the 1980s. In its
ﬁrst life (then known as ‘environment’ art) it had been shown in
newly founded ‘alternative’ and often artist-run spaces.
Installation’s renewed popularity coincided with the recession of
1989, but in its reawakened form it established itself at the heart of
the art world, in museums. The change in name from ‘environment’
to ‘installation’ is signiﬁcant, for exhibitions are installed.
Installation no longer necessarily resists commodiﬁcation, since it
is now often moved and paid for. Even when it is not, installation is
regularly used by artists and dealers as a loss-leader for more
marketable products.
Installation is not medium-speciﬁc or itself a medium. It
encompasses video and increasingly older media like painting,
and may be seen as a spatial art in which all media – even
elements of performance – are subsumed. Nevertheless, its rise
has been accompanied by a relative decline in the traditional
media of painting and sculpture. Yet the art world is layered
vertically and heterogeneous horizontally, comprising many
overlapping spheres of association and commerce. Painting,
whether or not it occupies the limelight of art discourse, is still
the most saleable form of art, and continues to be made and sold
to individuals and corporations more or less successfully
depending on the state of the economy. Much the same could be
said of drawing, printmaking, artists’ books and a host of other
practices. The focus here, however, is on what takes the limelight,
and what circulates internationally in the heights of the
cosmopolitan art world.
16

In this context, installation has two marked advantages. The ﬁrst is
in the continuing competition with mass culture – how to persuade
an audience to travel to a museum or other site rather than watch
television, go to the movies, a gig or a football match, or shopping.
There has been an intensiﬁcation of competition here, a vying for
spectacle, with television, to take a signal example, transforming
itself with large, wide screens, high deﬁnition, and DVD recording.
We have seen that art sets itself off from mass culture by its
handling of content. Aside from that, what the reproducible media
cannot yet simulate is the feeling of a body moving through a
particular space surrounded by huge video projections or work that
has weight, fragrance, vibration, or temperature. So installation,
which allows a space to be inhabited rather than merely presenting
a work of art to be looked at, comes to the fore.

In later chapters the links between these various elements of art
since 1989 will be explored: the US Culture Wars may be seen as a
domestic prelude to the wider issues of global hybridity, and were
constituted by the same disposition of forces: on one side, liberal
consumerism committed to the demolition of restraints on
commerce in the broadest sense; on the other the local forces of
tradition, religion, and moral deportment. Installation (again,
broadly taken) is associated with spectacle and competition with
the mass media. Contemporary installation is expensive and is
17

A zone of freedom?

The second advantage is that the exclusive commissioning of a work
for a particular site is a way of ensuring that viewers have to go
there, and collections of such works by important artists clustered
in a biennale are powerful magnets for art-world attention. In this
way, installation and site-speciﬁcity are linked to the globalization
of the art world, and an art used for regional or urban development.
Since this is now the regular strategy, being there – not only in
Venice, Basle, and Madrid but now in São Paulo, Dakar, and
Shanghai – has become another way to conﬁrm social distinction on
the viewer (as only slight exposure to art-world chatter, so often
ﬂuttering about the latest exotic jamboree, will conﬁrm).

Contemporary Art

generally reliant on private sponsorship and public funding. It is
thus tied to corporate involvement in the arts and the
commercialization of the museum, in a way that directly cuts
against its origins in do-it-yourself artists’ projects; this in turn is
linked to the connection between globalization and privatization (of
which the privatization of the art world is just a small part) which
pushes museums and galleries into ever more spectacular display.
Similarly, the symbiosis with elite elements of mass culture, and the
urge to engage with ‘real life’ (which is to say, consumer culture and
the concerns of the mass media) are part of the same impetus.
Lest this account seem too neatly parcelled up, I hope it will become
clear that there are considerable strains and contradictions between
these elements. In the chapters that follow, on globalization, the
relation with mass culture, the cost and uses of art, the
characteristics of art and of writing about it, these contradictions
will be explored. Finally, to state the obvious, a book of this length
can only be an introduction, and has to exclude vastly more than it
can include. The inclusion of artists and works should not be seen
as implying any judgement of quality but is instead an indication of
their centrality to the book’s core concerns: the regulation and
incorporation of art in the new world order.

18

Chapter 2
New world order

Doris Salcedo is a Colombian artist who makes sculptures out of
furniture that once belonged to people who have ‘disappeared’ in
her country’s long civil war. In this bitter struggle, both sides –
guerrillas and government – fund the war by drug-dealing, while
the Colombian army, despite their long record of human rights
abuses, is lavishly funded by the US. Paramilitaries closely allied
with government forces abduct and murder people with impunity.
In some of Salcedo’s works, one piece of furniture is carefully placed
inside another in a coupling. In others, what looks at ﬁrst sight like
the grain of wood turns out to be human hair. These assemblages
are blocked up with cement, which also sometimes partially
submerges a door or an upturned table. In looking at these pieces
there is a feeling of extremely slow submersion or erosion, a graph
of the action of memory, seared by violence into the mind, sealed up
by silence and censorship, returning unwanted in dreams and
involuntary thoughts; and equally painfully losing its precise
deﬁnition as time passes, and new memories, and memories of
memories, are laid over old.
Giles Gilbert Scott’s Anglican Cathedral in Liverpool is a vast, bare
Gothic building, conventional in grandeur and architectural layout
but built through the course of the last century. To walk within it is
to feel a strong sense of the uncanny. Where, visitors think, are the
trappings of historical memory, the signs of their erasure and
19

Contemporary Art

erosion, the familiar clutter of centuries? It is rather that an ancient
cathedral was newly minted, and left naked.
The ﬁrst Liverpool Biennial of Contemporary Art, held in 1999,
included an international component, Trace, curated by Anthony
Bond, which placed pieces of contemporary art in various locations
around the city. Salcedo’s work appeared in the Anglican
Cathedral. What did this combination amount to? The seventy
years of the cathedral’s construction spanned two world wars, the
rise and dissolution of political radicalism in Britain,
deindustrialization, and the sweeping secularization of that society,
so that the completed product was born outsized into a city
drained of work, population, and faith. Salcedo’s work, a
meticulous and laborious attempt to honour memory, is a visual
counterpart to Eduardo Galeano’s extraordinary works of the
recovery of collective, political memory in the face of the violent
suppression of protest in word or deed throughout much of Latin
America. More speciﬁcally, as Charles Merewether points out, they
speak against the freezing and suppression of memory that
disappearance is designed to produce, for the mourners lack a
body, a grave, and even the certainty that their loved one is dead.
Visually, Salcedo’s works sat well in the vast, bare spaces of the
cathedral, her cabinets like mutated confessionals or oversized
cofﬁns. Site and work in such juxtaposition are meant to combine
to enrich each other, productively bringing cultures together,
provoking thought, and granting insight to other histories and
cultures. Although it is ﬁtting to place gravestones in a cathedral,
here the combination seemed antithetical, since Salcedo’s ritual
forms of memory worked against the ghost of Anglicanism, in a
building that had been erected as if nothing had changed.
Trace was a typical theme for a biennale, since it could be stretched
to include just about everything and thus meant very nearly
nothing. The Liverpool Biennial is an umbrella event, which takes
in older annual shows, including the New Contemporaries
exhibition and the John Moores painting competition. Liverpool is
20

The foreword to the Trace catalogue claims that the Biennial reﬂects
the city’s ‘current urban renaissance’, though in 1999, this was more
an aspiration than a statement of fact. The scattering of art exhibits
around the city, wrote Bond, ‘ensures that visitors will discover the
rich character of Liverpool as they experience the art’. So the link to
tourism was made explicit, and indeed the experience of the
Biennial for visitors to the city was that of moving from place to
place as a tourist, constantly referring to maps. There was a
bewildering concatenation of works and places, and a lack of
contextual material for both; given that the event’s principles were
vague at best, the experience became primarily an aesthetic exercise
in seeing work against an architectural setting, except for
exceptionally well-informed art-world insiders (for whom, perhaps,
it was primarily made).
21

New world order

highly suited for such an event: a city of docks, its once great
wealth based on trade, including slavery, serving as a suitable
setting for art that reﬂected on globalization and its histories. Its
now down-at-heel urban fabric has plenty of large vacant spaces for
displaying art, and its run-down areas, snags for romantic
imaginings, are ripe for gentriﬁcation. All this set up some
productive and provocative opportunities for the display of art,
notably Ernesto Neto’s tumescent spice sacs that hung in the Tate,
ﬁlling the air with perfume in what had once been a warehouse for
those very goods. Similarly, Vik Muniz in his Aftermath series
makes poignant and complex work about the street children of
his native city, São Paulo. Giving them reproductions of paintings
by Van Dyck, El Greco, and Velázquez, and getting them to act
out the poses, he photographs them. The photos are then used
as the basis for elaborate images made up of refuse and confetti,
the kind left on the street after Carnival has passed, out of
which sketchy images of the children appear, spectrally traced
in sugar. These are then photographed and the large-scale
photos displayed in the gallery. Seen at the Tate, which bears
the name of a sugar baron, the work gained another
dimension.

3. Vik Muniz, Aftermath (Angélica)

The catalogue lists the Biennial’s sponsors and contributing
organizations, which included business, local academic institutions
and art boards, national arts councils, and state bodies promoting
culture abroad, such as the Goethe Institute. This mix was telling
of the kind of alliances that a biennale produces: businesses,
large and small, wanting to boost their brand recognition;
nations pushing their cultural products; regional bodies hoping
for regeneration; and universities wanting to raise their
research ratings.

The general art-world view of this development is sanguine: the
linear, singular, white, and masculine principles of modernism have
ﬁnally fallen, to be replaced by a multiple, diverse, rainbow-hued,
fractally complex proliferation of practices and discourses. Rosa
23

New world order

The Liverpool Biennial is merely one example of an
increasingly widespread phenomenon. While the art world has
long been cosmopolitan, the end of the Cold War, as we have
seen, brought about a considerable retooling of its practices
and habits. Just as business executives circled the earth in
search of new markets, so a breed of nomadic global curators
began to do the same, shuttling from one biennale or
transnational art event to another, from São Paulo to Venice
to Kwangju to Sydney to Kassel and Havana. Of those events
in developing and Communist states, some were
long-established (like the São Paulo Biennial, founded in 1951,
though recently revamped and funded on a larger scale), while
others were entirely new. Here are just some of the new
arrivals along with their starting dates: Havana Biennial (1984),
Sharjah Biennial, United Arab Emirates (1993), Kwangju,
South Korea (1995), Johannesburg Biennale (1995), Shanghai
Biennale (founded 1996, opened to international artists in
2000), Mercosur Biennial held at Porto Alegre, Brazil (1997),
DAK’ART, Senegal (1998), Busan Biennale, Korea (1998),
Berlin Biennale (1998), Yokohama Triennale (2001), and Prague
(2003).

Martínez, one such international curator, replies to the question
‘what makes a biennial?’ that
The ideal biennial is a profoundly political and spiritual event. It
contemplates the present with a desire to transform it. As Arthur
Danto says, in a deﬁnition I love, a biennial ‘is a glimpse of a

Contemporary Art

transnational utopia’.

In each event, ideally, the point is to bring about an exchange of the
blue-chip standards of globalized art – and to look at the biennale
rosters is to see how many of the same names insistently recur –
into productive contact with local artists and circumstances. Ideally
again, this should in time produce a hybrid diversity of art forms
produced by people of widely differing backgrounds and
attachments, that will speak both globally and locally, inhabiting
and producing in-between spaces that undermine the
homogeneous blocs – above all, the nation-state – on which
power relies.
It is an ideal that has powerful theoretical backing – in particular
from writing by Homi Bhabha and Stuart Hall, regularly aired at
the art events and in their accompanying literature, and it has
helped produce a rise to prominence of artists from nations that
had previously achieved such success only in exceptional cases.
These artists, from China, Cuba, Russia, South Africa, or Korea, for
example, bring to the global art world new voices, perspectives,
ideas, and styles. The intensity of Salcedo’s work, which comes out
of her collaboration with grieving relatives of the disappeared, is a
world away from the second-hand, media-inspired fantasies of
violence in, say, Damien Hirst or the Chapmans, and the
comparison makes them look decidedly ridiculous. Such work has
transformed the art scene and been at the forefront on the circuit of
international shows. Third Text, a journal devoted to fostering and
analysing Third World perspectives on art and culture, has had to
shift its primary purpose from making such art and opinion visible
to exploring the conditions of its remarkable success. As Jean Fisher
24

puts it, the key problem is no longer invisibility but rather an excess
visibility that comes about because cultural difference is now so
readily marketable.
We can get some idea of the terms on which this success has taken
place by looking in turn at the biennales, some contrasting cases of
art made in various regions, and then at the function and effect of
this new ferment of globalized art production and consumption.

A statement by inﬂuential curator, Hou Hanrou, who has
assembled a series of shows exploring rapidly growing and
changing Asian cities, puts the art-world interest clearly:
These new global cities represent the erection of new economic,
cultural, and even political powers which are bringing about a new
world order and new visions for the planet. What is the most
important thing is that with their own speciﬁc legacies, these cities
become new and original spaces in which new visions and
understandings of Modernity, and new possibilities of ‘Utopian/
dystopian’ imagination, can be elaborated and reinvented.

Such shows are, then, cultural elaboration of new economic and
political powers. One example would be the Istanbul Biennial,
which is part of the Turkish government’s effort to assure the
25

New world order

The extraordinary proliferation of biennales is driven by the same
forces that have caused new museums to spring up like mushrooms,
and old ones to expand and rebuild. Governments are well aware
that cities increasingly compete globally against one another for
investment, the location of company headquarters, and tourism.
The most successful cities must secure, along with economic
dynamism, a wide variety of cultural and sporting ﬁxtures. The
biennale is merely one arrow in any would-be global city’s quiver –
or, as often, in one that aspires to that status – drawing in a
particular class of tourist (some of them extremely wealthy) and
hopefully entertaining those residents who have the power to leave.

European Union that the nation conforms closely enough to secular
and neoliberal standards to warrant membership. Another, the
Havana Biennial, serves to give the Cuban government a more
lenient and culturally open-minded image by sanctioning dissent
within this narrow frame.

Contemporary Art

The biennale has two further beneﬁts that mark it out from a fair of
new technology or an important football match. First, despite all
the academic nay-saying from critics and theorists, in the public
and civic eye art retains a kudos that transcends ordinary culture
and entertainment, and gestures towards the universal. As such, it
performs the same function for a city – with all its crude jostling for
position in the global market – as a Picasso above the ﬁreplace does
for a tobacco executive. Second, it not only embodies but actively
propagandizes the virtues of globalization.
There are circumstances in which the uses of biennales come up
against the ideals they are supposed to embody. The Johannesburg
Biennale was established in 1995, not long after the ﬁrst free
elections were held in South Africa in 1994. The idea was to
reconnect South Africa with the cultural world after years of
boycott. For the ﬁrst Biennale a large and very diverse series of
exhibitions was mounted in an attempt to portray Johannesburg as
a fully formed global city. Local artists who would have presented a
troubled view of the nation were generally excluded, and many
thought that the Biennale presented a dubiously positive picture of
South African society. While the Biennale included South African
curators, it was much criticized by locals for being an alien
incursion into an otherwise deprived and divided region that was in
no way ready for it. Thomas McEvilley, among others, was
astonished to see that the event had apparently been boycotted by
much of the black community, repulsed by the sycophantic courting
of the international art world.
In 1998, the second Biennale – curated by Okwui Enwezor and an
international team on the theme Trade Routes: History and
26

What caused this failure? Jen Budney argues that the Biennale was
trying to appeal to a middle-class audience (either white or a then
small black segment) which had little interest in the cultural ideals
of the exhibition. That the Biennale found it hard to attract a local
audience is unsurprising, since many South African whites have
maintained de facto segregation and are hardly receptive to a
display of multicultural globalism, while the black elite have more
immediate concerns; as for the rest of the population, the pact with
the West which brought about the end of apartheid, purchased with
a pledge to handle the economy in conformity with the usual global
strictures and so condemn them to continued poverty, could not be
celebrated without ambivalence.
27

New world order

Geography – attempted to respond to the critique of the ﬁrst, being
a political show that dealt with issues of race, colonization, and
migration. Again, it was a thoroughly globalist endeavour,
containing shows by curators such as Hou Hanrou and Gerardo
Mosquera, though this time it stressed South-to-South links.
Despite the change in subject-matter, and the rigorously theorized
curation, in such a setting the very form of the Biennale seemed to
work against its success. The ﬁnancial crisis of Johannesburg city
council threatened and delayed the event. Again, local artists and
critics complained that African production was sidelined in favour
of a cosmopolitan concern with global hybridity, and that they were
particularly disadvantaged by the attention devoted to media art in
which few local artists had expertise, or the opportunity to acquire
it. Furthermore, the standard forms of post-conceptual art and
lens-based art were seen as foisted on the local culture in a colonial
manner, the result being inaccessible to local audiences and remote
from their concerns. This perception was reinforced by the lack of
advertising and education funds, again due to the city’s cash crisis.
Foreign visitors to the Biennale felt shut in, given the dangers of the
city outside, so in neither direction did the cultural exchange ﬂow as
was intended. The Biennale attracted far fewer visitors than
expected, and was closed down by the city council a month early.
The city then announced it had no more funds for another.

Even those events that are successful contain similar tensions. In
Havana the Biennial has drawn large audiences to its displays of
Cuban and Third World art. While the city’s general populace is far
more educated than those in the South African shanty towns, it
does not follow that they are any better served by their biennial,
which seems to have been made primarily for foreigners. Numerous
stories circulate of media works turned off after the opening, or of
venues prematurely shut. Coco Fusco writes of the restructuring of
Cuban art around foreign patronage at the Havana Biennial of 2000:
Planeloads of American and European curators arrived . . . they
were shepherded to select studios and exclusive cocktail parties, and
escorted to the main exhibition, an event that was far too expensive
for most Cubans to attend. There, for a few hours, numerous video

Contemporary Art

projections and a few live events were activated strictly for foreign
onlookers. When other visitors arrived in the days that followed they
found few if any machines in operation.

In his piece for the 2000 Havana Biennial, Santiago Sierra Invites
You for a Drink, the artist made a barbed comment about the likely
relations of power and exploitation between art-tourists and natives
by paying prostitutes to hide in boxes that had been set up as
benches for the party-goers.
Biennales tend to address the cosmopolitan art audience rather
than the local population. Their structure was inherited from the
model of the international art or trade show in which nations
compete to push their most prominent cultural wares. While many
biennales have moved away from the physical embodiment of this
competition in national pavilions, the atmosphere of national
rivalry sometimes remains. Furthermore, the curators of these
shows, nomadic specialists, are creatures of the global art system.
They do, of course, listen, consult, and induct local voices, but their
very raison d’être and the environment in which they move is global
and hybrid. In a critical analysis of the role of the globe-trotting
curator, Carol Becker writes:
28

Some who move through such an elite world of art, culture,
writing, production and exhibition now seem to answer only to the
art world. Even though the work seems to be socially motivated, the
only real consequence of such critical effort is the degree to which
the work is found acceptable, unacceptable or exceptional by the
art world, measured by the reviews it receives – the quality of the
paper trail it generates, and relatedly the sales it ultimately
accomplishes.

The ﬁltering of local material through the art system ultimately
produces homogeneity. This system – not just the curation
but the interests of all the bodies, private and public, that
make up the alliances around which biennales are formed –
tends to produce an art that speaks to international concerns.
More speciﬁcally, it reinforces neoliberal values, especially
those of the mobility of labour and the linked virtues of
multiculturalism.
29

New world order

4. Santiago Sierra, 160 cm line tattooed on 4 people

Contemporary Art

One striking example was Alfredo Jarr’s work, One Million Finnish
Passports, shown at the international art festival, ARS 95, at the
Museum of Contemporary Art in Helsinki. Jarr made slightly
altered copies of a million Finnish passports and arranged them in
an impressive block, reminiscent of minimalist constructions,
behind a security screen. The passports stood for all those that
would have been granted to migrants had the Finnish government
permitted immigration at the rate of the rest of Europe. On the
insistence of the Finnish immigration authorities, Jarr’s piece was
later destroyed.
This work was typical of globalized art production in many ways. It
both used literally local material and the cosmopolitan language of
contemporary art; it responded to and commented on local political
issues. In doing so it took the side of the interests of global capital
over that of local concerns, for the message of the work was that
people’s right to resettle must override any national determination,
even one democratically arrived at, to protect homogeneity and
social cohesion.
We will return to this issue, and to the homogenizing effect of the
global art system, but in stressing ﬁrst its variety, I want to take two
pairs of contrasting cases: the different kinds of work produced by
the shock of exposure to neoliberal economic forces, in Russia and
Scandinavia; and then work from two nations that have retained
Communist governments, China and Cuba.

Russia and Scandinavia
In the 1990s, both Russia and Scandinavia were newly exposed to
extreme market pressures. In Russia neoliberal economists from
the West advised the government that a swift, sharp exposure to the
market – ‘shock therapy’ – would prove painful in the short term but
would produce rapid enrichment. A tiny number of Russians have
become fabulously wealthy but the results for the nation as a whole
were catastrophic, with the collapse of the most basic services,
30

rampant crime, plunging life expectancy, and widespread
destitution.
Out of this disaster, art from Russia and the former Soviet republics
has come to wide attention. Fragments of social degradation are
served up for the delectation of audiences in the West. The ‘real’ is at
a premium here, through documentary ﬁlm and photography,
performance and installation. The presentation of such raw
elements of the real is related to trauma (as one would expect from
Hal Foster’s inﬂuential account of the art of the 1990s, The Return
of the Real ), particularly the collectively registered impact of
economic shock therapy.

5. Boris Mikhailov, At Dusk Series
31

New world order

Boris Mikhailov has made a series of photographs in which he pays
homeless people to pose and expose themselves for the camera,
highlighting the oppression contained in the offer of the body for
money (in this he is close to the work of Santiago Sierra, who also
pays people to undergo various humiliations and exposures). In By
the Ground (1991) and At Dusk (1993) he simulates the look of
photographs of the early twentieth century, depicting life on
Ukrainian streets; he again focuses on the many street-dwellers, but
also on those who may have homes but barely manage to subsist.

Contemporary Art

Subject-matter as well as style evoke the pre-Revolutionary era.
Here is an effective visual analogue to the feeling that many have in
post-Soviet society of history and progress being thrown into
reverse, as the capitalism that was supposed to transport them
into a privileged consumer present instead produced a layering of
time-frames, pushing the majority back to the deadly penury of
Czarist times.
Sergei Bugaev Afrika represented Russia at the 1999 Venice
Biennale with an installation called MIR: Made in the Twentieth
Century. I saw this highly ambitious multimedia piece at an
opening in New York, where the ﬂoors and walls of the gallery had
been covered in tin tiles that bore propaganda photographs of
Soviet life, which again were printed to look as if they were many
decades old. The metal buckled when walked over, and the
photographs had the air of childish illustrations found on biscuit
tins. In the centre of the room was a large metal globe encasing a
video of a man tied to an electrical device, crying out and biting on a
strap in pain. The ﬁlm appeared to be found footage, but that can be

6. Sergei Bugaev Afrika, MIR, Made in the Twentieth Century
32

faked; my immediate response to the piece, seen in a commercial
gallery, was to think that it was a performance. The video had
in fact been copied from a documentary ﬁlm of someone forced
to undergo electroshock therapy, and what we, a polite crowd,
booze in hand, were seeing was the spectacle of a mind’s
ruination. Afrika’s piece sought to align psychological and
social trauma, to reveal the painful and brutal repression
that underlay the system that represented itself with such
benevolence and heroism in its photography, and to throw
those old and potentially nostalgic depictions against the
destruction of memory.

The appeal of such work for Western audiences is clear enough: an
exotic brew of burgeoning capitalism (with its robber barons and
swashbucklers or, otherwise put, large-scale swindlers and
murderers), and of the sudden birth of a white European Third
World; of the romance of a crumbling ‘evil’ Empire and a fallen
enemy (entertaining for liberals and conservatives, alike); and of an
ideology passed into history. Russianness, which now encompasses
all this, plays best when overtly displayed.
What it is harder for Western audiences to grasp, perhaps, is how
these works do not necessarily plot the exotic otherness of the
Slavic soul, or even Soviet history, but refer instead to a capitalist
present. Mikhailov’s work is about nothing other than the effects
33

New world order

To further controversy, Afrika went on to make a work based on
documentary ﬁlm of the slaughter of a Russian patrol by Chechen
rebels. These two examples are indicative of the premium that
post-Soviet reality holds in the Western art world. It may be found
in photography and ﬁlm, with all the old postmodern lessons about
representation dimly remembered, but even so taken as real. Or it
may be acted out in expressive performance, as in Oleg Kulik’s Dog
in which the naked artist assaults his audience, trying to bite them,
a human-turned-dog, in an apparently authentic acting out of
Russian abjection and degradation.

Contemporary Art

of an unrestrained capitalism in which everything is for sale.
Kulik’s Dog is surely an update of Bulgakov’s tale, The Heart of
a Dog, in which a dog is surgically altered to take on human
form and thrives, because of his base instincts, in Soviet society
of the 1920s. Yet the society that Bulgakov dissected was in
tactical retreat from an attempt to foment fully revolutionary
communism and was using free-market measures to stimulate
the economy temporarily; in the period of the ‘New Economic
Policy’ a class of nouveaux-riches sprang up, ﬂaunting their
often dubiously acquired wealth. It was, in other words,
a milder version of Russia today.
In contrast, in the 1990s Scandinavia’s efﬁcient social-democratic
economies were suddenly forced in a neoliberal direction through
the deregulation of ﬁnancial markets and the abandonment of
foreign exchange controls. The process was made worse by the
recession of the early 1990s, which forced Scandinavian
governments partially to dismantle the social programmes for
health and welfare their citizens had long taken for granted.
Unemployment, an unwelcome novelty, rose as manufacturing
industry collapsed. Mass immigration began to transform what had
been quite enclosed and homogeneous societies.
In Scandinavia, as elsewhere, modernism and social democracy had
been strongly associated. Just as social democracy had long
survived the right-wing and neoliberal forces that affected much of
the rest of the world from the late 1970s onwards, in the
Scandinavian art world a clean, constructivist modernism also
survived. The recession and its consequences led to a shift in the
role of art from utilitarian design and the creation of utopianconstructivist projects to overt critique. Social-democratic
governments had ﬁnancially supported the arts, making artists
insiders, in a way that was hard to deny, as many did elsewhere.
This continued into neoliberal times, even as artists struck up
antisocial poses. A collection of Scandinavian artists’ writings –
tartly entitled We Are All Normal (and We Want Our Freedom) –
34

contains a passage that puts the matter well: ‘The artist seems to act
as indicator for the degree of freedom in Scandinavian society, and
as much as the artist refuses society – as the traditional role of the
artist – the more he afﬁrms it.’
That critique, which the new system requires, closely conforms to
the liberal rhetoric that accompanies neoliberalism. Local or
national resistances to neoliberal economy and society achieve little
cultural expression in the global art world, and this raises the
suspicion that art may have played an (admittedly minor) role in
propagandizing, not merely identity politics, but neoliberalism
itself.

The universal modernist ‘Man’ of basic needs has splintered into the
shards of competing interests and antagonistic identities. Miriam
Bäckström has photographed show interiors at the Ikea Corporate
35

New world order

The collision of those well-protected societies with hard
economic forces produced a bright and variegated shower of
never-before-seen cultural particles. As a result, contemporary
Scandinavian art came to global attention, along with its music
and cinema. The consequences of the new situation were plainly
seen in the exhibition Organising Freedom: Nordic Art of the ’90s
in 2000. As the exhibition’s curator, David Elliott, states in the
catalogue, these artists ‘seem seriously pissed off’ about something,
and they have issues with (among other things) rational
architecture, utopian dreams, idealism, and social engineering.
Jakob Kolding uses constructivist forms in his collages, pitching
old, radical visions of extreme disorientation (as found in the
Russian revolutionary avant-garde) against the politely regulated
architecture and social planning that were its Scandinavian
progeny. Kolding was brought up in one of Copenhagen’s model
suburbs in which everything was safely pedestrianized, and shops,
schools, nurseries, and clinics were close to hand. This, we are
meant to assume, is a terrible fate, and doubtless it must be until
these facilities are closed.

Contemporary Art

Museum, a series of cramped and sterile spaces. Ikea’s mission is
a modernist, egalitarian, and democratizing one: the rational,
economic, and gradual improvement of domestic space. Bäckström,
like many other contemporary Scandinavian artists, views the effect
of modernism as claustrophobic. It is easy to imagine the ideal
absent inhabitants of these interiors, contented, measured rational
characters at home with homogeneity. Artists, by contrast, expose
the underbelly of that rational culture with relish, highlight the
problems surrounding the ingress of immigrants from other
cultures, and celebrate the claims of the many strands of identity
politics. Bjarne Melgaard, an artist whose work deals with gay
sexuality, took a trip to Tahiti and once there masturbated over
Gauguin’s grave. The spectre of modernism haunts Scandinavia
(so little time having passed since the funeral) and requires
continual exorcism. Many artists are still busy hammering
down the lid.
Nevertheless, the route down which these social democracies are
moving is clear enough, judging by the conditions of democratic
life elsewhere. Måns Wrange’s project The Average Citizen
examines the new conditions in which power has shifted from a
politically constituted public to those who professionally
manipulate public opinion and the political process. It takes the
concept of the average citizen as modelled by the Swedish welfare
state and, having identiﬁed one such statistically average person
and questioned her about her political opinions, has used
professional tools including lobbyists to advance her interests. Her
views have reached the public in political speeches and through
the mass media. Polls are used to test the efﬁcacy of these
strategies, and one of the most effective interventions was made
by putting her opinions into the mouth of a character on a
popular TV series. This acidly amusing work places the change in
public life under examination, mocking both the old attachment
to the human mean, and the corruption of the new system.
It further suggests that the fragmentation of the social body
under the pressures of economic recession and cultural
36

divergence has played a part in opening politics to the
manipulation of competing groups, the most powerful of which
are moneyed.

The next day there was a news conference at which I was called a
fascist. No, my dear chaps, I don’t agree. At this exhibition I was the
only democrat who had openly declared his position and
demonstrated his disagreement with the organizers. Radical
democracy in action! Bang on simulation and neoliberal vulgarity!

Cuba and China
Art from Communist nations in the era of the new world order has a
different appeal than that from post-Communist states such as
Russia. Cuba and China have up to now negotiated their survival in
the new order in necessarily very different ways. In both nations,
complex and various art forms are produced, and here I can only
sketch in an account of a few examples that have been successful
globally.
37

New world order

David McNeill, in a ﬁne article about art and globalization, tells
of a notorious incident at the exhibition Interpol held in
Stockholm in 1996, which brought together young Swedish and
Russian artists who were supposed to collaborate. As the show
developed, artists of other nations were added, and Chinese artist
Gu Wenda, without reference to any other artist, produced a tunnel
laboriously woven of human hair. At the opening, Alexander Brener,
a Russian performance artist, hacked the tunnel to pieces with a
machete. Police were called who arrested Kulik, in dog-mode trying
to bite a child, though Brener escaped. While Gu Wenda saw the
destruction of his work as Dada-inspired frustration typical of a
degenerate and chaotic Russia, Brener was provoked not only by
what he saw as shabby treatment of the Eastern European
contingent by Western curators but also by the diluting of the
original concept into a typical global love-in. Here is his own
statement about his action:

Contemporary Art

Diverse work that broke with the precepts of socialist realism began
to be produced in China following the end of the Cultural
Revolution, some bearing on religious themes, some fomenting a
Marxist humanism, and some (from the late 1980s onwards)
engaging with the new and fast-growing consumer culture. Global
interest was directed at Chinese art in the short term because of
the massacre of dissidents in Tiananmen Square in June 1989,
which led to a focus on artists who could be read as oppositional.
Long-term worldwide attention was sustained by the extraordinary
emergence of regulated markets in China and the rapid generation
of great wealth and inequality; there was also (unlike in Russia) a
marked average improvement in living standards for most people,
and the creation of a vast pool of consumers.
The artistic trends that followed these dramatic changes are plotted
by Gao Minglu, who notes that by 1988, as capitalist development in
China accelerated, those artists (including Wang Guangyi) who had
been concerned with grand spiritual and humanistic themes tended
to forget them in favour of more explicit social comment. Wang
called for the enthusiasm for humanism to be liquidated, stating
that art is created only to achieve success in the media world and in
the market. One major element of this new work was a resurgence
in representations of Mao, suitably reconﬁgured to ﬁt the new
political and cultural climate. This was Mao seen through the lens
of Pop Art, in an image simultaneously kitsch and nightmarish.
The situation of Cuba is very different, of course, being a small
island nation close to the hostile US which continues and even
strengthens its trade embargo, and threatens worse. Relations with
the exiled Cuban population are fractious and even dangerous:
Gerardo Mosquera, a well-known and important curator, historian,
and critic of Latin American art, had an invitation to speak at the
Miami Center for the Fine Arts in 1996 withdrawn, because the fact
that he maintains a residence in Cuba made him unacceptable to
the likely audience; the Cuban Museum of Art and Culture in
Miami was twice bombed because it shows resident Cuban artists.
38

In another way, however, Cuba is well suited to the new globalized
situation because of its ethnic and cultural mix, and relatively
harmonious synthesis of African, European, and American
elements.
The initial reaction of the regime to the fall of Eastern European
Communism, and the sudden cessation of Soviet subsidies, was a
crackdown on artistic freedom: avant-garde shows were closed, the
government minister who had sanctioned them was sacked, and
Angel Delgado – who had publicly defecated on a copy of the ofﬁcial
Communist Party newspaper, Granma – sent to jail. In response,
most avant-garde artists who had emerged in the 1980s emigrated
in the early 1990s.

In Cuba the mass media remain under censorship, but artists are
allowed limited freedom to criticize the regime. This is a legal
formalization of the de facto structures in the West that ensure that
the mass media foster political orthodoxy (this has long been the
subject of analysis by Noam Chomsky), and as in Cuba politically
radical art is most likely to get an airing at biennales.
In both China and Cuba, capitalist-communist hybrid propaganda
art has been produced: one can compare the work of Wang Guangyi
and José Angel Toirac, who produce images of Mao and Castro
respectively, spliced with commercial advertising material.
39

New world order

Since then, as Mosquera recounts, international scrutiny over
human rights coupled with the revival of a market economy and the
search for foreign investment have acted in favour of cultural
openness. The 1990s generation of successful Cuban artists is the
ﬁrst to have remained in Cuba, being allowed to travel and,
importantly, to sell works for dollars, enabling many of them to live
very well. A muted and negotiated criticism is permitted, and work
is sometimes discussed with the censors. Mosquera writes: ‘the
danger exists that this critical element may become stereotyped as
an attractive trait for exportation. Political criticism has become a
selling point for foreign galleries and collectors’.

7. José Angel Toirac, Obsession, from the series ‘Tiempos Nuevos’

The image of Castro turned up in Pop representations, just as Mao
did in China. José Angel Toirac had Castro appear in a Calvin Klein
Obsession ad, the obsession here being the US determination to
remove him. When a cigarette-smoking Castro crops up riding a
horse in Toirac’s Marlboro ad, it becomes evident what compact is
signalled by the title of the series, Tiempos Nuevos, or New Times.
He has also reworked famous documentary photographs of the
Revolution using his friends, and playing up the rhetorical quality
of the originals.

There are other similarities. The critic Li Xianting described
the new avant-garde as ‘anti-rationalistic and anti-idealistic,
against metaphysics and heroism’, and thus as postmodern.
Likewise in Cuba, Eugenio Valdés Figueroa cites the
manifesto-like statement of an alternative Havana art-space,
Espacio Aglutinador:
The possibilities for error are inﬁnite.
If there is anything that AGLUTINADOR avoids like the plague it is
coherence, that boring and nauseating ‘goodness’ of the conscience.
41

New world order

Such parallels should not be surprising, for both the Chinese and
the Cuban governments have relaxed their hold on their economies,
permitting limited private enterprise; they have necessarily
changed their rhetoric in the process, allowing competing models
of commercial publicity to creep in. So both populations are
assailed with state and corporate propaganda, each striving to
convince them of the singularity of their products. In the West
these works play sweetly both as registers of the decline of once
fearsome enemies and ideologies to the level of mere image,
and as examples of cultural hybridization. This relaxed attitude
towards actually existing Communism allows the incorporation
of its symbols into contemporary culture with no more frisson
of danger than the appearance of Che Guevara’s head on
a T-shirt.

Contemporary Art

8. Wang Guangyi, Great Capitalism Series: Coca Cola

Works such as Tania Bruguera’s feminized Tatlin gliders – which
render Russian Constructivism in delicate, gauzy materials – are
just one example of that abjuring of coherence. They bring two sets
of opposing terms into a single sculptural form, marrying masculine
and feminine, engineering and dressmaking, utopian construction
and bricolage in a compact that reﬂects critically on each of the
terms. As is conventional in contemporary art, no synthesis or
resolution is on offer.
In both nations, the most successful work on the global scene acts
out overt Chineseness or Cubanismó for a Western audience. With
42

much prominent Cuban production, for example in the work of
Kcho and Los Carpinteros, there is a strong element of low-tech
production, of creative invention with gleaned materials, and the
use of old craft skills. This is partly no doubt out of necessity, but is
also a meeting of Western expectations about Cuba. Two of China’s
most effective exports, Gu Wenda and Xu Bing (now both living in
New York) take as their main medium of expression Chinese
calligraphy. More generally, the criteria for inclusion are quite
obvious – work should reﬂect Chinese conditions that are well
known and of concern in the West: political repression, economic
growth and consumerism, the subjection of women, and the control
of family size. These overtly ‘Chinese’ concerns should be expressed
in recognizably contemporary Western modes to produce a
manifestly hybrid object.

By contrast, we can look at two global successes, Xu Bing from
China and Kcho from Cuba, whose work is representative of what is
43

New world order

This was made very apparent to me on seeing a selection from
the Ninth Chinese National Art Exhibition shown in Hong Kong
in 2002. The painting section of this show was a large,
impressive display of socialist-realist depictions of contemporary
Chinese life, painted in a wide variety of styles, and often
technically very accomplished. Some work, such as Wang
Hongjian’s melancholy painting of migrant labourers waiting for
transport home in the moonlight, spoke directly and eloquently of
people’s experiences in a rapidly changing society. Other pieces,
such as Zheng Yi’s portrait of broadly smiling rural folk in the
sunshine, seemed (to my eyes) hopelessly kitsch – Plain Souls
Burn Bright is not a title you would get away with irony-free in
London or New York. Lacking the required Western references
(there were many, in fact, but to older styles, including
impressionism) and the appearance of uselessness, since they all
had some propaganda function, such works were genuinely
different from Western productions and therefore invisible to the
global art system.

Contemporary Art

looked for in such art. Xu Bing, a staple of the biennales, became
celebrated for a work he showed in Beijing in 1988, Book from the
Sky.

This was an extraordinarily labour-intensive fabrication of 1250
invented characters, derived from the elements of Chinese
ideograms but meaning nothing. These characters were used to
create large, impressive installations of scrolls and books,
presenting Chinese readers with the appearance of great expanses
of meaningful text, all of it obdurately unreadable. It is an ongoing
project, changing as it is installed in different venues, adopting
computer technology and spawning collectors’ books. The work
proved extremely controversial in China, where it was both attacked
and defended, and it became associated with the avant-garde
production put under pressure by the authorities following the
Tiananmen massacre. Xu Bing himself, cited by Stanley K. Abe,

9. Xu Bing, A Book from the Sky
44

said of the work’s noisy public reception, following the long period
of solitude during which he had made it:
Handing one’s work to society is just like driving living animals into
a slaughterhouse. The work no longer belongs to me: it has become
the property of all the people who have touched it. It is now concrete
and ﬁlthy.

Gao Minglu has put the matter of misreading forcefully, writing of
how critical avant-garde activity gave way to
a pragmatic neo-avant garde that strives to transcend the local in
favour of acceptance in the international arena. This shift is largely a
product of post-Cold War external pressures, but there is a
persistent tendency in the West to ignore this transition and read
contemporary Chinese art from a Cold War ideological perspective.

He goes on to argue that much of this so-called ‘avant garde’ is
complicit with the promotion of consumer culture in China (its
attraction to Pop Art, then, being no accident), and that what may
seem vanguardist when seen from outside China can look
reactionary from inside. Pitched against this globally marketable
art is what Gao calls ‘apartment art’, shown in private spaces or in
the street, and comprised of ephemeral and unsaleable works. An
45

New world order

In a remarkable article, Abe charted the various readings of Book
from the Sky. Once exported from China, the work changed
profoundly, for most of the new audience could not attempt to read
the characters or sense their strange familiarity. When it was seen in
the US, it was only through the lens of Tiananmen, as an allegory of
good (individual expression) versus evil (oriental despotism). Xu
Bing did not sanction these readings but neither did he reject them.
In any case, as the reading broadened out from the concern with
Tiananmen, it was only ever read as a critique of Chinese traditions,
institutions, and history, and never, for example, as a general
comment on meaning as such.

Contemporary Art

example was Wang Jin’s extraordinary ice wall made outside a
major new mall in Zhengzhou City in 1996. Embedded in the ice
were many luxury consumer items which the public took to digging
out however they could, ﬁnally destroying the wall.
Kcho makes sculptural pieces, mostly from wood, typically
comprising stacks of elements that are reminiscent of the frames of
small boats. He achieved very rapid success after showing at the
Havana Biennial in 1994 and the Kwangju Biennale the following
year. He acquired a contract with a prominent New York gallery,
Barbara Gladstone, and the Museum of Modern Art bought a large
sculpture, Inﬁnite Column I, in the year it was made, 1996. This
piece was one of Kcho’s makeshift boat skeletons, sculpturally
spliced with references to European modernism (in this case,
Brancusi’s Endless Column of 1938), which clearly refer to the
tragic attempts at exodus of Cubans following a US declaration

10. Kcho, Speaking of the Obvious Was Never a Pleasure for Us
46

that all who made it to their shores would be accepted as citizens.
As with Xu Bing, a manifestly national subject, rendered with
an artisan’s skill, is framed within an acceptable contemporary
art format.

In much prominent global art, identities parade for the
entertainment of cosmopolitan viewers. Features of cultural mixing,
irony, and the overt performance of identity are comforting to the
Western eye, which (as Slavoj Z̆ižek controversially argues) is only
secure with otherness as long as it is not really other. The results
have been well summarized by Fusco: that globalization has
transformed the art world, along with the management of racial
and cultural difference, to follow the model of corporate
internationalism. Visibility in the realm of culture is no guarantee of
political power, and the increasing privatization of museums and
galleries erodes the inﬂuence that once might have ﬂowed from that
visibility. Instead, diversity is normalized while its critical content is
sidestepped. The point can be made most literally by looking at the
47

New world order

Much of this art, while it draws on the resonance of political issues,
takes no stand, and is characterized by ironic or mute politics. Coco
Fusco, in an article for the archly cool art magazine Frieze (and
reprinted in her book, The Bodies That Were Not Ours), tried to
put the politics back into Kcho’s work, particularly by looking at
its use by the authorities in the Havana Biennial. For such cheek
in analysing a new darling of the market she received threats, and
the magazine had to deal with complaints from Kcho’s dealers.
It says much about the level of art writing in such magazines –
and the degree to which powerful dealers and art institutions
ensure servile ‘criticism’ – that such an article should stand out
so dramatically from the critical landscape. There is generally
little need for threats and complaints, of course, since most
writers censor themselves. As the scurrilous art magazine, Coagula,
points out, this is particularly pathetic behaviour on the part of
writers because (with very few exceptions) they make little money
out of the scene.

Contemporary Art

migrations of the artists themselves: their origins may be diverse,
but so many – and by no means just those who have ﬂed states with
legal censorship – end up living in New York, the great art vortex.
Thus multiplicity produces homogeneity, as all encounter the
sanctioning of the marketplace.
Yet much of this art, despite its dubious attractions in the West,
does say fascinating things, and does work at a level of intensity and
engagement very rarely found in comfortable and settled societies.
Writing of theory, Fredric Jameson has convincingly argued that the
most systematic works are produced in circumstances where, due to
combined and uneven development, thinkers are faced with
extreme contrasts of scene, as if they lived in an environment where
it is possible to step from one historical era to another. Peasants in
paddy ﬁelds may raise their eyes from their labour to glimpse a
new neighbour, a high-rise postmodern ofﬁce complex. This, argues
Jameson, fosters systematic and totalizing thinking about historical
change. With art, there is no expectation of such systematic
qualities, but those circumstances do have an effect, particularly in
thinking beyond the ubiquity of consumer culture. Equally, one
would expect the ﬂattest, most fragmentary, and most defeatist art
to be produced in the oldest and wealthiest neoliberal economies,
particularly the US and UK – and indeed, as we shall see in the next
chapter, it is.
What has been brieﬂy examined here is not the full panoply of
global art production, which is very various and produced for
many complex and diverse local conditions, but rather what is
ﬁltered through the art world system to international prominence.
While that may be produced for the most part with a global art
elite in mind, the art world is leaky; despite the hegemony of the
US, and lock-hold of the professionals, its products have a wider
resonance among a diverse audience, many of whom continue to
hold to the utopian belief that art carries a wider message. For
them, it may offer various, and sometimes even radicalizing,
experiences.
48

What I have sketched out here is the idea that the much-trumpeted
diversity of the globalized art world may conceal other, newer
uniformities. Just as capitalism as a world system stepped out from
behind the cloak of its defeated opponent after 1989 and, in its
rapid transformation, was revealed as the rapacious, inexorable
system that it is, so it may be with the art world. The end of its use as
a tool in the prosecution of the Cold War has made clear what had
already been in development: its core function as a propagandist of
neoliberal values.

New world order

49

Chapter 3
Consuming culture

11. Takashi Murakami, Hiropon
50

If the economic expression of neoliberalism is sharper inequality,
and its political expression deregulation and privatization, then its
cultural expression is surely unrestrained consumerism. While the
‘new world order’ caused the art world to refashion itself by
globalizing its operations, in the developed world art came under
intensifying pressure from its old rival and partner, mass culture.
Since at least the early years of the twentieth century, with the
invention of cinema, the phonograph, and radio, the two have been
entwined in an unequal dance, mass culture generally leading.

It is an old worry, found in modernism as well as in postmodernism,
though in different forms. Fernand Léger stood before the machine
exhibits of the Paris Fair in 1924, marvelling at how such
immaculate productions outshone the poor, self-conscious efforts of
artists. The argument that art is no longer possible because the
world of products is saturated with aesthetics is the postmodern
variant of the same anxiety; a modernist dream of the merging of
art and life has apparently been realized, though less in synthesis
than the surrender of the weaker party.
While the issue of art’s separation from or mergence with
commodity culture has a long history, during the 1990s there was
an intensiﬁcation of the forces involved, many of them old features
of capitalism, that contributed to the dominance of a triumphant
consumer culture not just over art but over all other cultural
production. Commodities seemed to become even less like
functional objects and more like evanescent cultural moves within a
51

Consuming culture

Contemporary artists tend to handle the issue of consumer culture
with fascination and nervousness, and there is good reason for both
reactions. Fascination, because consumerism appears to become
ever more cultural, as much concerned with selling or merely
displaying images, sounds, and words as it is with material things.
Nervousness, because the engines of this production are so vast and
lavishly funded, their output so strident and omnipresent. If
commodities become cultural, what space is left for art?

Contemporary Art

sophisticated, self-referential game. Brand names hopped between
unrelated products, while advertising churned over reference,
self-reference, and meta-reference in an accelerating devoural
of old and new cultural attachments. The greatest proﬁts
continued to be made not in industry but in services, data
processing, and ﬁnance, and the success of those sectors was most
associated with the neoliberal economies, particularly the US. In
the West this change had been felt as early as the mid-1970s but the
1990s saw the collapse of alternative models, not only in Eastern
Europe but also in the great industrial economies, Germany and
Japan, which both suffered stagnation and decline. Continental
Europe moved to embrace the neoliberal model, sugar-coated
though it was through much of the mid- and late 1990s with
nominally social-democratic governance. Like commodiﬁcation
itself, the neoliberal model widened its ambit and deepened its
hold.
We have seen that in some of these territories (including
Scandinavia), which recession had newly opened to unrestrained
and corrosive market forces, art served as an agent of neoliberalism,
trampling over the comforting if suffocating amenities of social
democracy, and giving expression to the liberated concerns of
identity politics, consumerism, vulgarity, and pleasure in the
degraded. Such works served as useful, if minor, allies of
privatization and the colonizing force of commodiﬁcation. The
parallels between the orthodoxies of postmodernism and the free
market ethos have often been drawn out. Michael Hardt and
Antonio Negri, in their inﬂuential book Empire, put the matter
well:
The ideology of the world market has always been the antifoundational

and

anti-essentialist

discourse

par

excellence.

Circulation, mobility, diversity and mixture are its very conditions of
possibility. Trade brings differences together and the more the
merrier! Differences (of commodities, populations, cultures, and so
forth) seem to multiply inﬁnitely in the world market, which attacks
52

nothing more violently than ﬁxed boundaries; it overwhelms any
binary division with its inﬁnite multiplicities.

This is no coincidental similarity, but rather (as Fredric Jameson
pointed out in his foundational essay on postmodernism) a
functional relation: an aesthetic component is integrated into the
general production of consumer goods, which are altered at the ever
greater tempo of fashion. The companies that produce such items
ﬁnancially support their research-and-recycling arm, the arts.
Martha Rosler describes the situation in writing about the current,
expensive trend in high-production video art: ‘Nothing could better
suit the consciousness industry than to have artists playing about its
edges embroidering its forms and quite literally developing new
strategies for ads and graphics.’

Corporate culture has thoroughly assimilated the discourse of a
tamed postmodernism. As in mass culture, art’s very lack of
convention has become entirely conventional. Ubiquitous and
insistent voices urge consumers to express themselves, be creative,
be different, break the rules, stand out from the crowd, even rebel,
but these are no longer the words of radical agitators but of
business. The writers of the US magazine of cultural analysis The
Bafﬂer vividly describe the extent and standardization of these
injunctions. Their wonderfully condensed example of this
imperative is William Burroughs’ appearance in an advert for Nike.
Much in the art world since 1990 has offered a self-conscious acting
out of those radical virtues purloined by corporate culture.
Postmodern theory itself, as it moved from being an account of a
53

Consuming culture

Art may be imagined as consumerism’s dreaming, playfully
recombining the elements of mass culture in promiscuous
assemblages, and along the way happening upon items of use. In
recombining and storing what has gone out of use, art may also
serve a similar purpose to ‘junk’ DNA, which is believed to hold
obsolete sequences in reserve in case they should be needed again.

Contemporary Art

potential utopia or dystopia to being a ﬂat description of an existing
reality, lost its critical and ethical force. In its reduced state,
consumerism and the supposed empowerment of the shopper were
central to postmodernism’s disquisitions. While in the 1990s
postmodern theory was buffeted by attacks on its internal
absurdities and its browbeating of readers with meaningless
scientiﬁc jargon (highlighted in the Sokal affair), in much of the
academic art world, at least, it was less replaced than lost sight of by
its acceptance as the unargued background out of which statements
about art were made.
Much postmodern theory insisted that simulation had so
thoroughly saturated world and thought that there was no telling
where representation ended and reality began. Yet the ghostly,
apparently immaterial character of the contemporary commodity
goes hand-in-hand with the rise of neoliberalism. This militant
form of capitalism was made possible by far-reaching technological
changes, particularly in computer communications, that made the
exchange of information cheap, quick, and simple. As Dan Schiller
has recounted in Digital Capitalism, the building of vast computer
networking infrastructures was driven by proﬁteering on the
privatization of publicly owned telecommunications industries. The
digitization of data could turn previously free information (for
instance, in libraries) into commodities, in an enclosure of data
commons.
Another striking development tended to make the commodity
appear less material: branding achieved greater importance
throughout the 1990s as corporations spent the money that they
had saved on outsourcing production on polishing their own
images. Naomi Klein argues in her justly renowned book No Logo
that, as production was exported to low-wage economies, so the link
between the consumers of a product and its makers was
sundered. The brand was elevated in compensation, ﬂoating free
of mere products, to become an allegorical character, a reliable
embodiment of particular combinations of virtues or admirable
54

vices. Sometimes, as with Ronald McDonald, it solidiﬁed into an
animated ﬁgure. As a result, art and business have been drawing
nearer to each other.
On going to the links page of veteran conceptual artist Claude
Closky’s website, the viewer is presented with an alphabetical
list of dotcom sites composed of familiar names, a roll call of
contemporary art stars: it begins adams, akerman, alys, amer,
andre, araki. All the links are in fact to company sites, so clicking
on www.billingham.com, for example, takes you to a site selling
camera bags. The range of products and services brought together
that share artists’ names forms a curious little database, and the
work encourages the user to think about artists’ names as brands,
and about the .com character of their work.

. . . where the material use-value of commodities declines in
importance, where consumption becomes vicarious enjoyment of
prestige . . . and where, ﬁnally, the commodity character of
consumables seems to disappear altogether – a parody of aesthetic
illusion.

The result is an attitude to art that is similar to people’s attitude to
commodities, which themselves pretend to be no less than art. Yet
this is no irreversible or inevitable historical development, born out
of the revealed essence of art and commodity, but one that is tied to
the rising and falling rhythm of the economic cycle, and enjoyed
only by those wealthy enough to consume conspicuously.
A number of artistic practices in the 1990s responded to these
55

Consuming culture

As commodities have become more cultural, art has become further
commodiﬁed, as its market has expanded and as it has become
increasingly integrated into the general run of capitalist activity.
Even in the early days of postmodernism, Adorno recognized the
parallel between art and consumer goods, especially during
economic upturns:

changes, feeding off them and pushing them further. Sylvie Fleury
took the results of her shopping trips to high-class boutiques and
laid them on the gallery ﬂoor; or she placed desirable, fashionable
items (literally) on pedestals. Fleury also examined different levels
of consumer activity, bringing the least glamorous and most
utilitarian into contact with conspicuous consumption by gilding
supermarket shopping trolleys.

Contemporary Art

Guillaume Bijl simply opened shops within the museum. For the
Shopping exhibition at Tate Liverpool, a gallery was turned over to

12. Sylvie Fleury, Serie ELA 75/K (Easy, Breezy, Beautiful)
56

Bijl’s branch of the supermarket Tesco. This was maintained by
Tesco staff who went about rearranging and repricing goods and
tidying shelves. Yet, since no one could actually buy anything, and
all the shelves were fully stocked and lit by museum spotlights, the
‘shop’ became an aesthetic display of multicoloured blocks of
repeated packages. In one sense, this was reminiscent of Fleury’s
shopping trolleys in making the least aesthetic of shopping
experiences into an isolated visual spectacle. It discomﬁted viewers,
who were little used to the implied expectation that they should
look at the commercial display of tinned goods as connoisseurs. In
another sense that discomfort served as a minor refutation of the
position (found in Baudrillard’s writings) that the aesthetic has long
completed its invasion of commerce.

Art and fashion have always gone hand in hand. Sometimes radical
and shocking, sometimes traditional and conservative, both are
judged according to subjective standards of taste. Each represents in
its own way the moods and spirit of the times. They stimulate the
senses and create objects of desire as fetishes of an afﬂuent society
and legacies of culture.

Through the 1990s, art and the fashion industry came into
increasingly close contact. Art magazines carried more adverts for
Prada, fashion magazines contained more features about
contemporary art, and genuine hybrids appeared (such as Tank or
Very) in which the two worlds acted in symbiosis. Numerous
fashion photographers such as Jürgen Teller and Corinne Day
57

Consuming culture

Reading some postmodern pronouncements one might be forgiven
for thinking that no area of culture is immune to art’s invasion. This
is in fact hardly the case, and the art world selects its alliances with
discrimination. There is no sustained interest in darts or pigeonfancying. By contrast, there has been much effort to bring art and
fashion closer together. A bland statement by Hugo Boss (the
sponsor of a Fleury show) reveals through and because of its
jumbling of terms the ideological mechanism at work:

Contemporary Art

produced art books, and their work appeared in galleries as well as
on the page. Diedrich Diedrichsen relates the vogue for spectacular
art works both to a marked improvement in magazine print quality
leading to a greater use of pictures (displacing text), and the growth
of crossover art, style, and fashion magazines. Such publications
naturally tend to reproduce art that can be grasped rapidly just by
looking at it in a photograph or two.
These developments were linked both to the pressures placed on
public galleries and museums to commercialize themselves and to
the predilections of exhibition sponsors, but they also reﬂected a
much wider trend in commodity culture to favour youth, or at least
its appearance. Youthfulness is an appealing marketing quality even
for those art events that attract older audiences, which like to think
of themselves as sprightly. Youth became an advantage that artists
could trade upon in various ways. Artists can remain young for
quite a while, or even be labelled ‘young’. They can depict the young,
and there is a rash of such portrayals, particularly in photography,
where the poignancy of ageing and death is always implied. So
Rineke Dijkstra’s adolescents pose painfully before the camera on
beaches or in clubs; or Sarah Jones’s privileged but anomic girls
array themselves across decorous rooms, melancholic with some
secret knowledge; or, in a different register, Vanessa Beecroft’s
performances, videos, and photographs use models who stand
about in various states of undress, confronting the viewer with the
guilt of their own desires and aspirations.
All of these works can be read as critical, and all equally can be
enjoyed as culturally distinguished renderings of beautiful youth.
Finally, artists can perform in their work as if they were youths:
Georgina Starr, Elizabeth Peyton, and many others act out obsessive
adolescent fan culture, while in overt opposition to the mastery of
consummately mature and accomplished artists like Bill Viola, who
continue to carry the torch for genius and aesthetic quality, is the
light relief of the self-consciously pathetic and underperforming, as
in the antics of Sean Landers.
58

Consuming culture

13. Vanessa Beecroft, VB29.243

Among those who have inhabited the world between the gallery and
the magazine, one of the most successful is Wolfgang Tillmans. He
made his name with stylish, loose, snapshot-style work for
magazines such as i-D and The Face, but has also regularly shown in
galleries and museums. He won the Turner Prize in 2000 and had a
major show at Tate Britain in 2003. Tillmans’ subject is youth, and
59

Contemporary Art

his eye (it should be inferred from the casual character of his work)
is the innocent eye of youth, which ﬁxes with wonder on each visual
fragment of the world, whether banal or provocative. The ﬁlm on a
cup of black coffee, a rat escaping down a drain, a penis beside a
bedside breakfast tray are ﬁxed with the same stare. That vision, as
you would expect, also ﬁnds beauty in unexpected places, as in a
picture of candy-coloured blocks of air-freshener reﬂected in the
slick metal surface of a urinal.
Tillmans’ world is the arena of a segment of privileged, mostly white
youth, and aside from people in fashionable clothing, he depicts
clubbers and Berlin’s Love Parade. These are set alongside various
youthful political concerns – gay pride festivals, homelessness, and
opposition to war. All this is gilded with the spirit of youth itself,
with its directness, sexiness, idealism, and melancholy awareness of
its own transience (indicated in Tillmans’ photographs, entirely
conventionally, with wilting ﬂowers and over-ripe fruit). Tillmans’
work is useful because it is so representative of a great swathe of
art-fashion production in magazines, books, and exhibitions in
which just the same attachments are aired and the same values
assumed. With the weight of the commercial culture’s obsession
with youth behind it, this vision has considerable momentum. To
take against it would automatically condemn one to seem churlish
and fogeyish.
It should be asked: do these photographs reﬂect on the tensions
inherent in the youth cult or merely exemplify them? Do the
juxtapositions between pictures build signiﬁcance or just suggest it?
Tillmans has said that in photographing gold ingots he indicates
something meaningful about money and value. An old remark by
Bertolt Brecht is useful here: a photograph of a factory tells you
nothing about the relations between the people inside it. The title of
his Tate show and book – If One Thing Matters, Everything Matters
– gives the game away, as well as reﬂecting the recent art-world
prejudice for the straightforward depiction of the ‘real’. What is
really on offer here are various naturalistic glimpses of objects and
60

people. Access to the real demands a higher price – in thought,
knowledge, and the building of structures, and in the realization
that some things do matter more than others.

Yet perhaps fusion with fashion or entertainment is less of a threat
than total identiﬁcation with the commodity itself. If that took
place, art would lose all pretensions to idealism and all justiﬁcation
for state subvention. For Marx the commodity is a strange and
complex thing, being at once a material object valued by its buyer
because it has a use and, because of the action of the market, a
bearer of monetary exchange-value. While uses are diverse and
incommensurable, exchange values are all set on a single scale. For
Benjamin Buchloh, in his pessimistic accounts of contemporary art,
use-value is increasingly surrendered, and art (like money) has
become a commodity of nearly pure exchange-value. (As long as
they remain material objects, neither money nor art can shed all
use-value; as Mayakovsky recounted, during the Russian Civil War
books were printed on money, which had gone out of use, while in
Duchamp’s infamous provocation, a Rembrandt could be used as an
ironing board.) In a further stage, even the pretence of achieving
use-value in art is dropped, as artists simply reﬂect and examine the
61

Consuming culture

All this should not lead us into thinking that art and fashion have
merged, any more than have art and mass culture as a whole, or art
and entertainment (as a recent Walker Arts Centre show
suggested). The mutual attractions would not hold if the crossing
between poles did not produce some useful spark – of cultural
distinction and seriousness for fashion, and glamour and
fashionability for art. How is this separation maintained?
Professional art discourse is one route, and linked with this the
way art works very frequently refer to other art works, requiring
of adept viewers a knowledge of history and the contemporary
ﬁeld, as well as art jargon. We shall also see in the next chapter how
art holds back from any threat of merging with the wider culture
by defending its autonomy through aspirations to professional
status.

Contemporary Art

new scene in which there is no distinction between art and money,
and they do so without critique or the desire for change.
It has become a standard tactic in Western contemporary art to
refuse to take sides in a work, or in talking about it. The model here
is Warhol, of course, who talked and wrote a lot but only in words
that issued from his branded persona, so that no one could be sure
of their status: ‘Being good in business is the most fascinating kind
of art.’ As art draws nearer the standard commodity it would be
foolish to expect critical comment on a product by its maker. So in
Bijl, Beecroft, or Fleury, it is unclear whether the fashion industry
and consumerism are celebrated or condemned. Such works simply
highlight the existence of commodities or models by making them
seem strange, above all by altering the environment in which they
are seen. Yet, despite the artists’ and critics’ statements that
surround this work, and assure the viewer of its neutrality, the
ambivalence is far from complete. Such work is modest and weak if
taken as critique, strong and strident if taken as celebration, since
after all – particularly in the work of Fleury and Beecroft – what is
glossily and cannily produced is another set of commodities, and
the publicity and sponsorship arrangements through which they are
seen and sold. To consume these goods, bearing the tinge of a
critique of themselves and their consumption, is the very deﬁnition
of ‘camp’, which Susan Sontag argued long ago is the tactic
intellectuals employ to sanction their enjoyment of mass culture.
Thus art, a material manifestation of exchange-value, approaches
the condition of that most abstract of commodities, money – it is
actually used like that by the rich, as a quasi-liquid form of
speculative capital – so that great numbers of the objects in which
that value inheres are locked away unseen in secure, purpose-built
depositories.
Yet there are disturbances to this simple scheme of art and other
commodities growing closer in character, as are galleries and shops.
The materiality of the art object persists, even for video and media
62

art, which has generally been accepted as art only by paying the
price of becoming partly material. The art market is still dependent
upon the buying and selling of rare or unique objects far removed
from the mass-produced commodities found in ordinary shops. In
most markets a few dominant companies control production, but
there are few in which consumption is regulated. The commercial
art world tries to hold both reins tight, for the buyers of these
objects are few and known to the sellers, production is often
artiﬁcially limited, and patronage often has a personal dimension.
To look at the contemporary art world is to take a glimpse into an
older, pre-industrial market system.

Separated from the full rigours of the market, art can ﬂirt with
consumer culture while remaining assured of its safe demarcation.
Indeed, those works that appear to threaten such a merging of art
and the commodity (like Bijl’s) reinforce the boundary by making it
visible. Another way of ensuring that the distinction remains clear
is to turn the gaze inwards, as within a mirrored box, so that
reﬂections assume an unwarranted signiﬁcance, and artists’ moves
tend to be seen in relation to those of other artists, and rarely within
the context of the outer world. Recursive games are played with
predecessors’ work, as well as with material drawn from mass
culture.
63

Consuming culture

Above all, while ordinary commodities live or die by millions of
individual decisions to buy or not to buy, the feedback mechanisms
which determine the trajectory of contemporary art are regulated
and exclusive, and the ordinary viewer of art is permitted no part
in them. Vitaly Komar and Alexander Melamid highlighted this
issue by applying the standard methods of the consumer
questionnaire to painting, producing results that cater to the
average taste of different national populations.The results were a
series of hilarious and surprisingly uniform paintings, in
predominantly blue tones, in which charismatic animals and
famous historical ﬁgures populated idyllic landscapes, optimal for
human survival.

This specialist insider discourse provides only the illusion of escape
from the commodity form. Marx pretends that the fetishized
commodity can speak of its own condition, and this is what it says:
our use value may interest men, but it does not belong to us as
objects. What does belong to us as objects, however, is our value.
Our own intercourse as commodities proves it. We relate to each
other merely as exchange values.

Contemporary Art

While art seeks to protect itself with internal discourse in works and
words, so that apparently the most important things to say about
art relate it to other art, it only emulates the play of free-ﬂoating
exchange-values that are most evident in times of glut.
From the moment it was established, the safety of the enclave has,
of course, been challenged by artists. This was part of the point of
sticking newspapers to canvases, trying to put signed and dated
urinals into galleries, or – more radically – making art act as the
servant of mass production. Yet while those challenges were tied to
time and context, the objects in which they were incarnated were
not, and as they persisted through history, their tinge of radicalism
reinforced their aesthetic lustre and market value as they became
increasingly conventional art commodities.
As mass culture became steadily more spectacular and immersive –
with larger high-deﬁnition TV sets and vast cinema screens, with
the enclosed and carefully calculated spectacle of the shopping
centre or theme park – art had to compete. It could do so, as we
have seen, by feeding off the allure of mass culture while adding its
own aesthetic and estranged edge. It could compete by reversing
the norms of mass culture: to take video as an example, it could
produce slow, portentous pieces without camera movement,
narrative, or obvious meaning, to set against the standard moral
tales and visual incident of TV. It could provide impressive, nonfunctional objects and environments that, unlike those of the mall
or resort, were not geared to selling (or at least not to the vast
64

majority of their viewers). Lastly, it could make representations of a
scale, richness of colour, and deﬁnition unknown in the mass
media.

There is an art-historical line that may be traced back from the
heights of the most successful German art photographers (Gursky,
Thomas Struth, Candida Höfer, Thomas Ruff ) back through their
teachers at the Düsseldorf Kunstakademie, Bernd and Hilla
Becher, and through them to that extraordinary ethnographer of
the Weimar Republic, August Sander. Read one way, it starts with
Sander’s belief in the power of photographs in long, comparative
series to convey social knowledge, through the Bechers’ strange
serial mourning of the forms of industrial modernism to, say, Ruff’s
insistence in his six-foot-tall passport-style portraits on the
medium’s inability to convey anything meaningful, no matter how
much detail it throws at the viewer. Tracing that line in the gallery
(rather than in reproductions) something else is obvious: Sander’s
black-and-white prints are ﬁnely made, and little larger generally
than a hand; the Bechers, too, worked in black and white and
printed at different sizes, often mounting their prints in grids in a
single frame to create a work that is four to ﬁve feet across; the
work of the next generation bursts into rich, saturated colour and
65

Consuming culture

This last tactic has produced some of the most commercially
successful work of the 1990s and beyond: large-scale colour
photography. Such photographs, made with large-format cameras,
printed, sometimes on aluminium panels, to the scale of grand
painting convey visions of the contemporary world which have a
startling clarity and depth of colour. These photographs tend to be
produced in small editions and at different sizes, making them as
suitable for the museum as for the collector’s living room. In the
recession of the early 1990s, museums looking for spectacular and
accessible works bought many of these pieces, and their prices
began to climb steeply as a result. Now prices rival those of the top
painters; in 2002 a large Gursky was sold for over £400,000 at
auction, a record for a contemporary photograph.

Contemporary Art

for the most part massively outgrows its predecessors. The largest
Gurskys and Struths, up to 17 feet long, allow the viewer to step
right up to them, examine their serenely grain-free surfaces and
myriad details. In their scale, production values, self-conscious
gravity, and expense they appear to be the new history painting,
and like history painting, they were made primarily for the
museum.
Much of this work has increasingly paraded its artiness: Struth’s
early street scenes turned Sander’s eye and technique on the
physiognomy of the city in modestly scaled, subtly composed
black-and-white pictures; Gursky’s took the casually framed,
washed-out look of old amateur photographs and applied them to
banal holiday scenes and bored spectators. This work reﬂected
variously on the legacy of modernism. Ruff has taken pictures of
buildings by Mies van der Rohe, draining them of bright colour to
give them an antique look, accentuating the ageing of the
buildings; or he has dully colourized old photographs to similar
effect.

14. Andreas Gursky, Times Square
66

15. Thomas Struth, Times Square, New York

16. Thomas Ruff, h.e.k.04

Contemporary Art

Struth and Gursky documented the system-built structures of
industrial estates, ofﬁce complexes, and the leisure industry. More
recently, the art-historical references have widened. Both Gursky
and Struth now leave the viewer in little doubt about what they are
seeing: their lavish productions frequently refer to painting, and
often they take the gallery itself as their subject-matter. Both have
recently had shows in New York’s most important art museums –
Gursky at the Museum of Modern Art in 2001, and Struth at the
Metropolitan in 2003. The exhibitions and their catalogues put the
seal on photography’s graduation to the pinnacle of art, and the
texts (particularly Peter Galassi’s on Gursky) made more reference
to parallels in painting than photography. Art is thus ratiﬁed by
reference to other art, and photography is remade as a spectacular
creature of the museum. Their modest early photographs
encouraged a critical reading of their subjects and matched banal
scenes to deadpan photography; their latest productions tend to
transform contemporary scenes into epic, even sublime, spectacles,
and tend to foster wonder rather than thought.
Contemporary art still deﬁnes itself against mass culture, and
necessarily so because of its shunning of mass production, which
has a further effect on its subject-matter. Marx argued that
production and consumption are bound together to the point of
unity. Not only does one depend upon and complete the other, but
production always involves consumption (for instance, of raw
materials), and consumption production (for instance, eating
sustains the labouring body). The exclusive focus on consumption
in much of the art world is an ideological matter, one that ﬂows
from the prominence of advertising and other corporate
propaganda, for which the less consumers think about production
(who labours and for what pay, in what circumstances and at what
risk, under what form of coercion, with what environmental
consequences?), the better. This blindness is reinforced by the art
world’s own archaic production practices, which separate it from
the regular business of mass production. There are huge numbers of
art works that have dealt, for instance, with the uncanny character
68

of toys in the realm of consumption (to take some varied examples,
in the work of Martin Honert, Mike Kelley, Mariko Mori, and
Georgina Starr); few touch on the equal charge of the contrast
between their intended use and the circumstances in which most of
them are made – in China, say, by the harshly disciplined labour of
young women who shuttle between unsafe factory and crowded
dormitory (a recent exception is Michael Wolf ’s The Real Toy Story,
shown in Hong Kong in 2004).

69

Consuming culture

There are a few artists who bring the ﬁelds of production and
consumption into connection and contention. Gursky’s
photographs, of shops and galleries as well as factories, examine the
cultural rather than the economic uniﬁcation between consumption
and production. His depictions of, say, a Grundig factory, the
Pompidou Centre, and a 99¢ thrift store show muted human ﬁgures
dominated by large-scale grids. These can act as textbook
illustrations to Theodor Adorno’s arguments in his essay ‘Free Time’
about the secret afﬁnity and interdependence of work and leisure,
in which leisure, only apparently partitioned from work, adopts
work’s structure and forms. That such thinking takes place in the
work of a German artist has a number of causes. One is the long
success of the German industrial economy, which has nurtured in
many of its artists a concern with production driven from the minds
of most artists in the rapidly deindustrialized US and UK. That
concern has also led Gursky and Struth to take pictures in
comparable economies, including Japan and Hong Kong. Another
(and linked) cause was the continuing liveliness of modernist
thinking (including the work of Adorno) in Germany, after the
triumph of postmodernism elsewhere. Yet generally in the 1990s
consumerist spectacle – suitably spun for art-world taste –
prevailed over critical thinking about the interrelation between
production and consumption. In the ﬁnal chapter we shall see how
this has begun to change.

Chapter 4
Uses and prices of art

Avant-garde art, lately Americanized, is for the ﬁrst time associated
with big money. And this because its occult aims and uncertain
future have been successfully translated into homely terms. For farout modernism, we can now read ‘speculative growth stock’; for
apparent quality, ‘market attractiveness’; and for an adverse change
of taste, ‘technical obsolescence’. A feat of language to absolve a
change of attitude. Art is not, after all, what we thought it was; in the
broadest sense it is hard cash. The whole of art, its growing tip
included, is assimilated to familiar values. Another decade, and we
shall have mutual funds based on securities in the form of pictures
held in bank vaults.
(Leo Steinberg, ‘Other Criteria’, lecture given at the
Museum of Modern Art, New York, in 1968)

This passage, read nearly forty years on, has the peculiar quality of
being both surprising and highly familiar. When Steinberg wrote
this, contemporary art was still settling into its accommodation
with money as the market outgrew its old condition as a tiny and
specialist area, and there was brief wonder at the resulting change
of scene. While that scene has become simply the accepted
environment within which art operates, the surprise is due to the
frankness of Steinberg’s description. For now the general
presumption is that it is either redundant or bad manners (or both)
to talk about it.
70

Both making and selling are unusually controlled in the art market.
Dealers often sign exclusive contracts with artists who are then
encouraged or instructed to produce particular kinds, sizes, and
numbers of work. How often has one seen in commercial galleries
decorative and wall-bound spin-offs of some apparently recalcitrant
anti-commercial installation? For obvious reasons, these urgings
usually remain secret. Buyers are vetted for their commitment to
collecting, since it can be dangerous to an artist’s reputation or even
to the market as a whole to have a sudden and unexpected sale of
work. There is less regulation in the so-called ‘secondary market’ of
the auction houses, but even there the market is hardly free. Aside
from scandals about systematic price-ﬁxing, reserve prices are set
below which works will not sell, and bidding is manipulated by
collectors and dealers.

This is the deﬁning characteristic of art as against other areas of
high culture: drama, the concert or opera achieve exclusivity
through requiring that an audience be present at a live performance
(and of course high art can do this, too); other forms – novels,
poetry, music, and ﬁlm – produce objects that are industrially
fabricated in large numbers and are widely owned. Only in high art
is the core business the production of rare or unique objects that
can only be owned by the very wealthy, whether they are states,
businesses, or individuals.
When art was produced using craft methods, the supply of any
artist’s work was unavoidably restricted, and if demand for that
work was high, then prices rose. There are still many artists who
71

Uses and prices of art

The situation is most starkly illustrated with art made in
reproducible media; artists can cheaply produce photographs, CDs,
or videos in large numbers, and try to achieve wide ownership of
their work. Yet the great majority of them produce tiny editions,
each piece being accompanied by a certiﬁcate of authentication, for
very high prices. Ownership of such a piece grants status to the
collector, and reciprocally the price paid grants status to the work.

Contemporary Art

create value through the expenditure of large amounts of manual
labour (their own or more often their assistants’) on unreproducible
objects. Yet through the 1990s more artists tended to use technical
and reproducible media – above all, photography and video – and
the restriction of production has come to seem increasingly
artiﬁcial. The situation gives rise to some very odd ways of making
things. In his recent work, Jeff Koons takes various commercial
images, collaging and altering them using a computer. When this
process is complete, a giant print-out is generated which is then
handed to Koons’ assistants who (as Robert Rosenblum puts it in
the Deutsche Guggenheim catalogue) ‘with the clinical accuracy of
scientiﬁc workers’ make a saleable and unique rendering in oil on
canvas. This ﬁnal and most mechanical stage assures the status of
the piece as a unique work of art.
The limit placed on supply makes the art market highly unusual, so
much so that many economists have been reluctant to explain it
using the usual terms. Normally, in shopping for (say) a tin of soup,
price is matched against the buyer’s desire for the product; similar
or identical tins can be found in different places and at different
prices, and those prices ﬂuctuate with supply and demand.
As Neil De Marchi describes the situation in a book on economists’
thinking about the arts, little of this applies in the art market.
Fashion, not use, has a large effect on demand, disrupting the
usual relation between utility and desire; many works of art are
unique, disrupting the laws of supply, which become an all-ornothing affair, so no equilibrium is established as demand and
supply respond to one another. Worse, in buying a unique object
from a monopoly supplier, since no comparison with other
objects is available, there can be no reliable market information
about the deal.
In fact, the situation is a little more mundane: many art works are
unique but this does not mean that they are not compared by
dealers and buyers with works that they deem similar – most
notably, works by the same artist, though size, expense of
72

Uses and prices of art

17. Jeff Koons, Loopy

materials, and the labour that has gone into a piece are also
factors. Auction prices may be far from pure indicators of market
judgement, but they are at least sometimes at variance with the
prices set by dealers. Nevertheless, the market does remain short
of information (much of it is kept secret), supply is regulated,
73

Contemporary Art

demand managed, and pricing is highly susceptible to fashion and
circumstance.
Contrary to widespread public perception, ﬁxed on fantastic prices
for major works achieved at auction (a perception that is, of
course, much fostered by the auction houses themselves), art is
not generally a good investment, certainly not over the long term,
performing consistently worse than stocks and shares. While
some categories of work do increase in value for a time, the real
price of art often falls. Speculating in low-priced contemporary
art is a very risky investment. Peter Watson has given a detailed
account of art’s economic performance, and argues that
investment only makes sense over the short term as a high-risk
speculation, and that large amounts of money are only made
when art is sold during one of the market’s spectacular booms.
Unsurprisingly, then, buying art which is already highly valued is
almost always a bad investment. Over the long term, various
studies have shown that investment in art performs about half as
well as other types of investment. This is the price paid for
owning art, and it explains why relatively few wealthy people
collect. Of those that do, many collect for pleasure and prestige as
much as investment.
Art, like all conspicuous consumption, blooms in glut and withers
in straitened times. The timespan we are considering here is
bounded by two recessions, both exacerbated by wars against Iraq.
The ﬁrst recession, caused by the huge shakeout from 1980s boom,
led to the slaughter of many an art-world dinosaur. The vast (and
vastly expensive) quasi-historical and neo-expressionist paintings
by Anselm Keifer or Julian Schnabel that had been the perfect
register of 1980s excess and bombast plunged in value, and swiftly
disappeared from the salerooms (along with quite a few of the
salerooms). Their reintroduction to the market some years later was
so sensitive a matter that a critic I know wrote a catalogue essay on
one of those giants for a commercial gallery with the dealer literally
standing at his shoulder.
74

These economic waves affect not merely the volume of art sold but
its character. Painting, the most easily saleable form of art,
undergoes a predictable revival with each boom, while less
straightforwardly commercial practices – including performance
and the various strands of post-conceptual art – step out into
prominence with each bust. This is played out in a continuing
struggle between the market and apparently unmarketable forms
(credibility in eschewing overtly commodiﬁable forms may
eventually lead to market advantage). It is a predictable and
mechanical process. So, to take one example, economic revival in
the US in the mid-1990s produced a concerted attack on the
political art of the previous years, and a sustained attempt to
75

Uses and prices of art

Developments in Japan were important to the speed and depth of
the recession in the art market, particularly because of the scale of
Japanese buying throughout the 1980s, itself buoyed by apparently
rampant and unstoppable growth in share and real-estate prices.
The fall in prices was exacerbated by corruption. Peter Watson
provides a detailed account of the scandal, in which works of art
were used to launder huge slush funds to beneﬁt corrupt politicians
and organized crime: government curbs on proﬁting from real
estate were stepped around by sellers ‘buying’ a painting on the
understanding that it would soon be bought back from them at
perhaps ten times the original price. The damaging thing here was
not merely that secret deals were being made or tax evaded –
standard characteristics of the Japanese art world – but that the
scam distorted the market. Suddenly it seemed that the Japanese
penchant for paying large amounts of money for undistinguished
impressionist and post-impressionist paintings was less to do with
naivety of taste than unscrupulous calculation. The breaking of the
scandal had a depressing effect on the market, which was further
shaken by prominent Japanese bankruptcies and the threat that
large numbers of works bought at the height of the boom might be
suddenly ofﬂoaded, further lowering prices. When some of the
works involved in the scam were sold off in 1993, it was at a tiny
fraction (under 1 per cent) of the prices originally paid.

Contemporary Art

rehabilitate beauty in art, and to establish the voice of the market as
the ﬁnal arbiter of taste (we will return to this in chapter 5).
Recovery from the fall of 1989 took several years, and many
wondered whether the market would ever regain the heights of the
1980s boom. While in the developed neoliberal economies,
especially the US, economic growth was quite strong, elsewhere
there was a series of catastrophes. Severe regional shocks that
threatened global economic meltdown took place in Mexico (1994),
Southeast Asia (1997), Russia (1998), and Argentina (2002).
Perceptions of this period are thus extraordinarily diverse,
depending on where you are looking from. For much of the US it
was a period of sustained growth and low unemployment. For the
areas of regional crisis it was a time of economic catastrophe,
often accompanied by social and political disturbances and
environmental disasters. This dichotomy is clearly reﬂected in the
different art produced out of each.
This is not to say that art in troubled places simply reﬂected those
troubles. To take Mexico as an example: in the years after the North
American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which created a trading
block of the US, Mexico, and Canada in 1992, the Mexican art that
had the most success on the international market was ironic and
depoliticized, despite the extraordinary depredations and
revolutionary resistance in the country itself. Coco Fusco points to
work by Gabriel Oroczco, Francis Alÿs, and Miguel Calderon as
examples, describing the attempt to insert youngish conceptually
inspired artists into the international market, in collaboration with
US institutions, and so promote an updated image of Mexican
culture. Cynthia MacMullin describes how this shift was led by
Emilio Azcárraga, founder of Televisa, one of Mexico’s most
prominent producers of soap operas, with his Cultural Center for
Contemporary Art in Mexico City. Televisa was associated with the
PRI, Mexico’s party of government for seventy years until its fall
from power in 2000, and art and business interests were closely
interconnected. So, when Mexico underwent a severe economic
76

crisis from 1994 onwards – plunging much of the population into
penury and even starvation – the market for contemporary Mexican
art, internationalized and tied to transnational corporations, sailed
on regardless. Some of this work was not merely mild and
disengaged but actively hostile to popular political engagement:
Francis Alÿs’ event and video Patriotic Stories (1997) had sheep
driven in circles around the giant ﬂagpole that stands at the centre
of the Zocalo, the traditional site for political rallies in Mexico City.

As the downturn lengthened, the apparent certainties of the past
decade receded. Even the intensiﬁcation of US economic power

18. Francis Alÿs, Zocalo
77

Uses and prices of art

As it grew, the 1990s bubble of stock market growth, associated
especially with high-tech industries, had an inﬂationary effect on
art prices. Record sums were achieved at auction throughout the
late 1990s. When the bubble burst once more – following the
dotcom share price collapse, accounting scandals (including that
involving Enron), and the events of September 11 – the art market
and museums sector also went into decline, though the slump has
so far been less sharply felt than in the previous recession.

Contemporary Art

may be an illusion. Robert Brenner, in his prescient book The Boom
and the Bubble, uses a long-term analysis of the comparative
position of the major industrial trading blocks since the Second
World War to show that the US sometimes sacriﬁced short-term
economic gain (for example, by keeping the dollar strong) to reap
the beneﬁts of long-term development of economies elsewhere,
notably in Germany and Japan. The withdrawal of this strategic
largesse in the 1990s produced a temporary boost in US fortunes
and the decline of those of its major trading partners, in a
development that led to much crowing about the superiority of the
neoliberal economic model. Now, however, faced with recession in
the US, brought about by the collapse of the dotcom bubble,
ﬁnancial scandals, and lately war, coupled with long-term
stagnation in Europe and East Asia, a highly threatening
situation has developed.
If the effects of the recession on the art market have been so far
muted, and have not reached the levels of the 1989 crash, it is
because very low interest rates make art a more attractive
investment. As we have seen, the last recession caused a wave of
extinction as the climate changed, with the death of many a US and
German neo-expressionist beast. The new one, shallower but
longer, may eventually do the same. If long-term recession is in
prospect, due in part to the vast scale and systematic character of
US borrowing (increased by the Bush regime’s tax cuts and huge
military spending), then the entire character of the art market and
its products will be once more thrown open to change.
The art market may be peculiar for buyers, but it is equally odd for
producers. According to Hans Abbing, its idiosyncrasies condemn
the great majority of artists to penury. While the status of the
profession is very high (in part because it pretends to stand apart
from the regular run of commerce) and the incomes of a few
successful artists are astronomic, the overall nature of the arts
economy is generally disavowed by its participants, particularly
artists, who overlook or deny their orientation towards ﬁnancial
78

reward. Artists are singularly ill-informed about their prospects for
success, are prone to taking risks, are poor but come from wealthy
backgrounds (an anomaly since most poor people have poor
backgrounds, but one does not have to search far for the reason for
it), and tend to subsidize their art-making out of other earnings.
These factors, claim Abbing, cause the art world to be permanently
overcrowded, making the poverty of artists a structural feature. (In
the UK, the number of ﬁne art students going to college each year
has nearly tripled since 1981, far outstripping the general rise in
student numbers.) The poverty of artists contributes to the status of
the arts, for the few successes should be seen to be picked from a
vast pool, and all artists should be seen to risk poverty in their
pursuit of free expression.

Art’s autonomy
The autonomy of art has been powerfully described by the
sociologist Niklas Luhmann, who compares it to other functional
systems in modern society (such as science, politics, and law). It has
the same tendency to ‘operative closure’, a drive to discover its own
function and to focus on it alone. For Luhmann, art’s exclusive
feature is that it uses perceptions, not language, and is thus
separated from mundane forms of communication. Its role may be
to integrate the incommunicable into the communications
networks of society. (We shall see later that as a description of
79

Uses and prices of art

Abbing says that features of this economy resemble the precapitalist era – in the importance of gifts and patronage, and the
role that personalities play in their granting. Other features,
however, are more reminiscent of early capitalism, particularly the
tiny proportion of successes to failures. As a whole, the art market is
an archaic, protected enclave, so far immune from the gales of
neoliberal modernization that have swept aside so many other less
commercial practices. Its status grants it social distinction and a
degree of autonomy, even sometimes from the odd market that is its
basis.

recent art, at least, this account has to deal with the problem that
the gap between the two seems to be lessening.)
For Luhmann, the more art tries to immerse itself in the general run
of products and discourse in society, the more it ends up reinforcing
its autonomy:
No ordinary object insists on being taken for an ordinary thing, but
a work that does so betrays itself by this very effort. The function of
art in such a case is to reproduce the difference of art. But the mere
fact that art seeks to cancel this difference and fails in the effort to

Contemporary Art

do so perhaps says more about art than could any excuse or critique.

Yet the art system does have distinctive features: participation in it
is optional (which can certainly not be said of economics or law),
and it inspires only a low level of participation (a large proportion of
the British population, for example, are not gallery-goers). Its
means of inclusion and exclusion are independent of those of other
systems, and it is a comparatively isolated ﬁeld of activity (again, for
example, the connection between politics and law is very close).
Luhmann’s account is a systematic but ideal description that
discounts the effects of class and distinction, and of market and
state pressures on art. We can be more speciﬁc, for example, about
who participates: Bourdieu and his collaborators’ extensive
sociological study The Love of Art examined the museum- and
gallery-going habits of Europeans, bringing out forcefully how
much such activity was determined by education. Simply, more
educated people are more likely to go to galleries, feel more
comfortable there, stay longer, and are more able to talk about what
they have seen.
Nevertheless, Luhmann’s book also ﬁxes upon the actual autonomy
of art, which paradoxically accounts for its connection with and use
to other systems. That autonomy, far from being illusory, is central
to art’s ideological function, and is maintained by art’s various
80

institutions, including academia (art schools, art history and visual
culture departments), museums, and professional bodies. The art
promulgated there is sometimes at odds with that which achieves
success in the market.

The ﬁrst effect is that for there to be an art department there must
be a uniﬁed and bounded thing, called ‘art’. The second is that it can
be researched, and that much of what artists do can be described as
research. The third, that the ﬁeld requires description in a
specialized language, the acquisition of which deﬁnes art
professionals. All these effects tend to produce an art that talks
most effectively to art insiders, and seals out the wider public.
81

Uses and prices of art

Howard Singerman’s ﬁne account of the development of art as a
university discipline analyses the effects of this institutionalization
on art’s products. Universities work to separate professional artists
from Sunday painters, and do not expect of art students that they be
manually skilled, take recreational pleasure in their work, or
wrench it from their tortured souls. Rather, they must produce a
distinct and certiﬁable knowledge, in a theoretical and esoteric
language, guaranteeing the exclusivity and status of the art
profession. Artists are not only trained in universities but
sometimes come to inhabit them – as part-time teachers, or as
touring performers accompanying their work. The art of the
academy which Singerman compellingly describes – comprising
video, ﬁlm, and performance – usually requires the presence of the
artist at least for exposition, appeals to academic audiences, and is
built on grants, fellowships, and residencies. This escorted art may
sell, but it achieves an independence from the commercial market,
since the artist’s time is purchased rather than the work. It, too,
achieves autonomy from the general run of mass culture, at the
price of adapting to another set of institutional concerns, those of
the increasingly audited and professionally administered university.
Its main purpose is to generate dialogue among professionals, but
the effects are far broader than that, inﬂuencing much of the
discourse around art.

Contemporary Art

This autonomy is not static, unitary, or unchallenged. The specialist
world that serves the markets is quite different from that connected
to academia. To get a rough-and-ready understanding of this,
contrast two prominent models – the magazine Flash Art (look at
the quality of its paper and colour reproduction, the number and
character of the adverts it carries, the accessible style of writing) to
the journal October, with its restrained visual style, monochrome
illustrations, complex, elevated prose and arcane theoretical canon.
Furthermore, as we shall see, the professionalization to which
academia aspires is directed against a populism encouraged by the
state and – to a limited degree – by business. Highly trained
museum professionals, who have spent years arduously acquiring
specialist art-world discourse, are enjoined to lose it when
communicating with the public. Displays in public spaces must be
understood by the uninformed.
These tensions can be clearly seen in the discourse surrounding the
highly successful work of Liam Gillick, much of it generated by the
artist himself.

19. Liam Gillick, Renovation Proposal for Rooseum, Malmo
82

The brightly coloured translucent screens and platforms of Gillick’s
Whitechapel Gallery exhibition, The Wood Way, appear to offer a
corporatized version of the modernist architectural utopia in which
the transparency of glass would bring light, health, mental clarity,
openness, and nature itself into the gloomy domestic interior. If
that vision failed, it was, as Ernst Bloch strikingly puts it, because
the plate glass window of the 1930s did not look out on anything
delightful but rather on the capitalist world and fascism:
The wide window ﬁlled with a noisy outside world needs an outside
full of attractive strangers, not full of Nazis; the glass door down to
the ﬂoor really presupposes sunshine that looks in and comes in, not
the Gestapo.

In making work that seeks less to document than to exemplify the
ideological and aesthetic action of bureaucracy on the world, the
danger is that the art becomes indistinguishable from its subject.
Gillick has to overcome not only this peril but also the trials of
making and displaying works of art in galleries. The latter problem
83

Uses and prices of art

Gillick’s work has long been concerned with the bureaucratic and
technocratic middle ground in which most decisions are made – in
the developed world, at least – by politicians, business people,
planners, and administrators. Insistently, he asks: how is the near
future controlled in a post-utopian situation? Lacking the absolute
goals of religious redemption, equality, or a cleansed and
harmonious nation, what implicit vision drives the future onwards?
In making objects, Gillick takes corporate material – colours, logos,
typefaces – and sets them into aesthetic play. On the face of it, this is
to take the apparatus of instrumental bureaucracy and throw it into
contention with its opposite, playful aesthetics. Yet that is not quite
the task undertaken, for while the bottom line of commercial and
political display is an instrumental result (the digital 0/1 of buying
or not buying, or a tick in the candidate’s box), the means to that
end – routed through human consciousness and control of the
environment – are saturated with ideology and the aesthetic.

Contemporary Art

is dealt with in part by the tactic of detachment. His works and
writings seem neither expressive nor ironic – a cause for
considerable relief in the habitual gallery-goer. They appear to
claim no special status as art objects, and Gillick has commented
that art becomes a problem when people assume that it carries
more inherent signiﬁcance than other complex structures in the
world. Yet these moves, salutary in themselves, heighten the ﬁrst
danger.
His work deals with it in a number of ways. The most salient is a
play with near-past and near-future, using a device that draws upon
the thinking of Walter Benjamin, who similarly looked to recently
outmoded and unfashionable commercial structures – the shopping
arcades of Paris – for ideal architectural visions that preﬁgured the
impending modernist and communist utopia. Gillick looks back to
the commercial and administrative structures of another as-yet
unrecuperated recent past, the 1970s, to make current ideological
and aesthetic structures visible and strange.
Another way is in an attack on humanism: Gillick’s aesthetic play,
while appearing to offer the chance for democratic participation,
engagement, and dialogue, often frustrates those expectations, with
ﬁxed arrangements of tables and chairs that are awkward and
unlikely to promote exchange, with a catalogue for an exhibition
placed out of reach of the audience, with a fake manuscript of blank
pages, and in general with arrangements that – despite their cheery
corporate colours – seem alienating and rebarbative. Thus the
function of bureaucracy, the inhuman management of human
beings, is cunningly revealed. The gallery and the museum, ever
more manifestly the servants of the corporations, are a salient place
to stage that revelation, though the status of the works themselves –
as an exempliﬁcation of that condition as much as a rejection of it –
remains deeply ambivalent.
Writing of The Wood Way, the curator Iwona Blazwick claimed that
Gillick: ‘has created opportunities for us to meet, to reclaim the idea
84

of discussion, consultation, renovation, or delay – for us to become
protagonists in modelling possible futures’. It is the undeﬁned ‘us’
in this statement that makes it contentious; Gillick’s practice does
seem to have offered just such opportunities for a small and elite
band of collaborators, curators, and even collectors – and wider
groups of gallery-goers have used his spaces for various forms of
play or discussion. Yet the barriers to such participation seem high,
and perhaps the very character of exclusiveness, distinction, and
hierarchy confers on his objects and texts the allure that brings to
them their homogeneous cultural club.

Besides these general tensions between different models of
autonomy – brought into existence by the market, the university,
and the museum – there are more speciﬁc recent forces that
threaten to dissolve the fabric of art’s autonomy: the modernization
of the art market, and the competing claims that art should be
useful, promulgated by the state and business.

Modernization?
There are some signs that the art world is having modernization
thrust upon it by economic and technological change. Technological
innovation has been a continual threat to art’s protected enclave.
Photography was only assimilated by emphasizing the manual craft
of producing the print, and through other tactics that withdrew the
sting of reproducibility, such as the use of Polaroids (which are
unique, single prints) and more recently (as we have seen) the
inﬂation of prints to a size that suits the museum. Video was
85

Uses and prices of art

What Gillick’s work makes clear is some of the tensions between
art’s professional discourse and its wider functions and ideals. If
professionalization is pushed too far, that would again undermine
art’s claims to universality (and thus the reasons for its protection).
If accessibility and instrumentality were pushed too far, art’s
distinctness from the rest of the culture would erode with similar
results.

Contemporary Art

assimilated by downplaying its utopian social criticism and
aspirations to wide participation and distribution in favour of
splicing it with installation to make comforting, museum-based
objects reminiscent of painting or sculpture.
A more recent and fundamental challenge is Internet art. From
the mid-1990s onwards, artists started to use the Web to make
works not merely reproducible but freely distributable. Such works
can be copied perfectly from one machine to the next, and much
of the code that makes them operate is open for viewing, copying,
and rewriting. If the Net culture of sharing data threatens even
those industries that have embraced industrial production
methods, how much worse it looks for art that has not. Ownership
in such circumstances means little, particularly because the ethos
of Internet art tends to be more about dialogue than the
production of ﬁnished works, let alone objects. Internet art does
not challenge the production, ownership, and sale of art objects
themselves, but it opens up a new realm in which artists produce
immaterial works that can be viewed as art, and which can be free
of dealers and the agendas of state institutions and corporations.
The effect has been extraordinary, and we will return to it in the
last chapter.
Another sign of modernization is the move of the major auction
houses, which have become publicly owned companies and so
legally committed to maximizing proﬁts, into the area of
contemporary art. They have produced exhibitions, curated by
respected ﬁgures and accompanied by weighty catalogues, as a way
to bolster contemporary work that later comes up for sale. They
have also emulated artist-run ‘alternative’ spaces by putting on
shows in disused industrial buildings, and have even purchased
dealerships. These moves have been successful, in part because
artists see an advantage in breaking the monopoly of the dealers.
Since at least the 1980s, contemporary art has sold proﬁtably at
auction, and the very existence of this ‘secondary’ market undercuts
the monopoly of the dealers.
86

Another factor which has greatly affected the market is corporate
collecting. This is a fairly recent phenomenon, the vast majority
of such collections being founded after 1945, and most since
1975. Some of the consequences for the trajectory of
contemporary art are laid out for an earlier period by Alexander
Alberro in his remarkable book about the marketing of
conceptual art at a time when corporate collecting was ﬁrst
becoming important. Corporations collected innovative art that
would favourably reﬂect their own values of creativity and
entrepreneurialism. While it had been a small-scale activity,
separate from the general running of a business and often
dependent on the interests and tastes of individual executives,
corporate collecting has lately changed. Among large corporations,
collecting is integrated into the business plan and is designed to
ﬁt the company image. It is no longer geared merely to ﬁnding
something decorative to hang on ofﬁce walls. Nevertheless,
Chin-tao Wu’s account of corporate collecting argues that there
is still a preference among businesses for ﬂat, decorative works that
do not risk controversy over social, political, or religious issues.
87

Uses and prices of art

This has been in response to, and has also helped to create, the rise
of a type of dealer-collector, who buys for speculative investment,
often outside the usual run of galleries – through auction or from
other collectors. In the UK, Charles Saatchi is the most obvious
example of this type, since he deals in art for speculative purposes
and his art collection is linked with his corporate ﬁnances. He is
well known for buying directly from artists or even degree shows.
The result of such activity, as Timothy Cone argues, is that galleries
have less control over artists’ prices, and have to respond to their
artist’s positions in the secondary market. Nevertheless, Cone goes
on to say, much price-ﬁxing and lack of transparency still exists.
Auctions ﬁx prices for artists’ work and are frequently manipulated
by collectors or dealers paying over the odds to push up the value of
their holdings. In the art world, these practices of price-ﬁxing and
insider trading, which would be illegal in any other realm of
investment, remain commonplace.

These works, after all, are intended to be seen in a setting that is
neither fully private nor public.

Contemporary Art

It is difﬁcult to assess the impact of corporate collecting on
contemporary art because most dealings remain secret. We can
guess that corporate art collecting accounts for a considerable
volume of contemporary art sales, but it is hard to know just how
much because art-buying is often included in public relations,
building, or furnishings budgets. Wu cites a 1990 study that claimed
that in the US about 20 to 30 per cent of the market in New York
was due to corporate collecting, and outside the city about half. It is
likely that the sheer volume of this instrumental, institutional
buying makes the art market behave more like a normal market.
Abbing argues that there are signs that the exceptional character
of the art economy is on the decline. One is the increasingly
ambiguous attitude of artists to art’s status, and an increase in
unveiled economic activity. According to this view, artists who
satirize the pretensions of the art world (such as the now disbanded
London-based collective Bank) and those who nakedly pursue
enrichment (like Koons, Murakami, or Hirst) may both be seen as
signs that the high status of art, and its apparent separation from
vulgar commerce, are no longer secure. It is, however, unclear
whether these features are structural or cyclical, tied to the rise and
fall of the market. It is easy, after all, to point to previous examples
of both types of artist (Art and Language and Warhol respectively
quickly come to mind).

Uses of art
There are more fundamental challenges to art’s autonomy of
apparent uselessness than these elements of modernization. The
supplementary character of art to neoliberalism is becoming more
visible as both corporations and states, aware of the lack in free
trade, attempt to augment it by making instrumental demands on
art. Corporations want to use art to assure an attachment to the
88

brand that cannot be purchased by advertising; the state wants to
heal the destructive effects of free trade on social cohesion. Both,
then, are attempting to counter the very forces that they jointly set
in train. Even rich states face the social breakdown caused by
increasing inequality, driving many into penury and insecurity, and
pressing even on the middle classes that sustain the whole system of
consumerism. We have seen that Naomi Klein has argued that the
‘outsourcing’ of production to developing countries is connected to
the ever greater emphasis on the logo and the brand. As part of this
obsession with brand image, corporate demands on art have
become more widespread and systematic.

A telling example of such an alliance has been Selfridges’
engagement with art in recent years, examined by Neil Cummings
and Marysia Lewandowska as part of their project The Value of
Things. The department store sponsored a show called The Warhol
Look at the Barbican Gallery in 1998, taking the opportunity to
dress their windows in a ‘Factory’ theme, and to stage a Warholinspired fashion shoot. The Food Hall predictably contained stacks
of Campbell’s soup cans, Brillo boxes, and Coca-Cola bottles,
alongside Warhol prints, and there were screenings of Warhol ﬁlms
along with suitable promotions in the menswear department.
Warhol, of course, begs for just this treatment, but this was only the
start of a set of strategic moves by Selfridges to exploit the
contemporary art world to gain custom.
Another is the series of Absolut adverts, paintings or objects
reproduced as magazine pages, which forge a brand alliance
between artist and vodka company. It was ﬁttingly initiated by
89

Uses and prices of art

Business has moved from occasional charitable sponsorship of the
arts to building partnerships with museums or artists in which the
brand of one is linked with the brand of the other in an attempt to
inﬂate both. They have further turned increasingly to collecting and
commissioning art, exhibiting it, and recently even into curating
exhibitions held in public venues.

20. Damien Hirst, Absolut Hirst

Until recently, corporate involvement in the arts was a murky area,
shrouded in conﬁdentiality agreements and intermittently
illuminated with the bright ﬂashes of celebrated and censored
works by Hans Haacke that examined the corrupt dealings of art
sponsors or the business activities of museum board members. We
are now fortunate to have two major, detailed accounts of corporate
engagement in the arts by Chin-tao Wu and Mark Rectanus, both of
whom have had to write their work in the face of the secrecy that
surrounds the subject. Neither the arts institutions nor the
sponsoring corporations are anxious to reveal the details of their
arrangements with one another.
Wu’s account focuses on neoliberal states, the UK, and the US.
It charts the privatization of art, particularly in the UK, where
state funds were withdrawn from museums and other arts
institutions; in both places corporations moved into sponsorship,
commissioning, collecting, and publicly displaying their collections.
In the UK it was the explicit aim of the Conservative government
led by Margaret Thatcher to transform the uncomfortably political
91

Uses and prices of art

Warhol in 1985. These pieces, which make the relation between
artist and corporation particularly transparent, have continued into
the present; many prominent artists, including Keith Haring, David
Levinthal, Ed Ruscha, and Vik Muniz, have made them. Similarly,
Takashi Murakami, an artist who openly strives for commercial
success, has allied himself with Louis Vuitton, designing bags which
have sold very well, and recently producing a promotional art video
for the fashion house. This video, Superﬂat Monogram, is an
entertaining update of Alice in Wonderland, in which a girl,
searching for her lost mobile phone, ﬂoats in a dizzying world of the
company’s logos. It is a thoroughly hybrid item, being both
elongated advertisement and an animation in Murakami’s
signature style. It was shown in the ﬁrst room of Francesco
Bonami’s painting exhibition for the Venice Biennale in 2003, and
also at Louis Vuitton’s ﬂagship stores worldwide, to further boost
the sale of Murakami handbags.

Contemporary Art

character of contemporary art by making it more reliant on market
forces. Likewise, Ronald Reagan personally supported corporate
involvement in the arts from, among others, oil and tobacco
companies.
Sponsorship and other longer term deals with art institutions have
obvious and quantiﬁable beneﬁts for corporations. There is an
appeal to potential customers who are otherwise hard to reach: art
audiences are richer and better educated on average than the
general public, and are thus highly valued by companies. There is
the further beneﬁt that comes from seeming to be charitable. Many
companies that sponsor the arts have image problems, and seek to
burnish their reputations with cultural muniﬁcence. This is the
case, for example, with BP’s long alliance with the Tate. Similarly,
the German tobacco company Reemstma sponsored Documenta IX
to promote West cigarettes through limited-edition posters and
packs; examples appear in the back of the catalogue to the event.
Large-scale arts sponsorship can also be used for political leverage.
Wu gives a striking account of the machinations of the cigarette
company, Philip Morris, a major sponsor of the arts in the US,
which opposed – unsuccessfully, as it turned out – proposed
anti-smoking legislation in New York by threatening to withdraw
all of its arts support from the city.
As both Wu and Rectanus point out, companies get a lot for their
money. Since they sponsor exhibitions – and now as much as 70 per
cent of exhibition costs in Europe come from private sources – they
get maximum publicity associated with these events. Funding of the
rest – the unglamorous matters that range from cataloguing
collections to maintaining the drains – falls to the state, which
provides a subsidized infrastructure on which the limited largesse
of the corporations depends.
All this affects the culture directly. Corporations have speciﬁc
criteria which must be met before they will sponsor. Projects that
fall outside these criteria have little chance of being seen, and
92

certainly not in the prominent institutions that rely on corporate
deals. Rectanus says that the main criteria are whether the area of
cultural activity corresponds to the company’s core markets (Nike
are unlikely to sponsor an exhibition by Rembrandt), whether the
show is likely to get good media coverage, and whether the
individuals or groups involved are suitable subjects for promotion.

Sponsorship also tends to produce spectacular, costly works, in
which expense is a manifest quality. This conspicuous consumption
simultaneously validates artist, museum, and sponsor, and is
another force driving large-scale installation, video, and other
high-tech displays. Furthermore, when large corporations sponsor
or make alliances with an art institution, they expect – given their
own global reach and expectation of economies of scale – to engage
with an transnational culture. This is another regular pressure on
art bodies to hybridize their displays.
Corporations wish to elevate themselves by association with that
which they cannot embody, including the free play of high art. As
the now notorious Philip Morris slogan says: ‘It takes art to make a
company great.’ At the same time, as we have seen, corporations
strive to be creative and cultural. Rectanus says that corporatespeak about the arts serves to legitimize the company as having
creativity, being a patron, dealer, or at least broker and collector,
93

Uses and prices of art

The results have already been examined in the previous chapter: an
emphasis on the image of youth, the prevalence of work that
reproduces well on magazine pages, and the rise of the celebrity
artist; work that cosies up to commodity culture and the fashion
industry, and serves as accessible honey pots to sponsors; and a lack
of critique, except in deﬁned and controlled circumstances. Indeed,
the recently renewed prominence of Hans Haacke is an example:
this venerable ﬁgure from conceptual art’s radical political past has
been paraded in the mid-1990s as an archaeological curiosity,
isolated, and bearing with him (undoubtedly against his intentions)
a heavy whiff of safe and powerless nostalgia.

Contemporary Art

and as an integral part of the art audience, the community to
which the arts should appeal. If art helps corporations in these
image-improving activities that increase proﬁts, the risk is that if
the process becomes too transparent, art ceases to be imbued with
the very autonomy that gives it the status to fulﬁl this function.
Recent state demands on art complement those of the corporations,
for both have similar interests in fostering social calm, cohesion,
and deference in the face of the gale of creative destruction that the
economic system they are committed to propagating continually
gives rise. In Britain the Labour government sees art as a way to
boost the economy, particularly in the so-called ‘creative industries’,
as an aid to regional development, and as a social balm to heal the
divisive social rifts opened up by the long years of Conservative rule.
Art should be of quality without being elitist, and should draw in
new, diverse audiences. There are similar moves in the US, where
National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) funding, long under
attack from conservative politicians, is newly justiﬁed on the
grounds that art has a role to play in social programmes, including
crime reduction, housing, and schooling. The danger of such moves
is that in revealing the instrumentality of art, they also unmask with
too much clarity the relationship between art and the state, which is
supposed, after all, to be founded on idealism and eternal human
values. If states fund the arts to improve the souls of their citizens,
the effect is ruined if those consumers of art wander about galleries
thinking about advertising strategies and regional development.
Increasingly, those thoughts are unavoidable. Art can only meet the
instrumental demands of business and state if its function is
concealed by the ideal of freedom, and its qualitative separation
from free trade is faithfully sustained.
The state and business are happy to leave art beyond the reach of
pure proﬁt maximization. In many nations the state plays a large
role in hoarding and displaying art objects, inﬂuencing the
determination of taste and the course of art writing. If art works
were truly commodities like any other, states should be content to
94

leave their purchase, conservation, and disposal to market forces.
While commodities are thought to divide as well as deﬁne identity,
appealing to competing impulses within the individual, there is a
doubtful assumption that the art work within the museum forges
social cohesion even as it celebrates difference, and reinforces
collective memory even as it recycles and recombines diverse and
disparate references.

95

Uses and prices of art

The growth of museums worldwide through the 1990s was without
precedent – among the many examples of new museums are Tate
Modern, the Houston Museum of Fine Arts, the Chicago Museum
of Contemporary Art, and the Guggenheim in Bilbao. Adrian Ellis
has cogently outlined some of the possible causes. Firstly, museums
have always been a way of expressing the prestige conferred by
wealth, and in the 1990s that wealth became further concentrated –
so the rich do what they have always done, but they are richer now.
Secondly, national and regional competition plays a role, which we
have already looked at. Thirdly, new education and entertainment
programmes in museums need more space. Fourthly, changing
leisure patterns mean more museum-going. Lastly, expansion
introduces competition between museums themselves, so that
staying the same while all around are growing does not seem an
attractive option. Ellis goes on to argue that, given the continually
under-capitalized state of museums which makes it hard for them
to maintain buildings and retain staff, this expansion is often
resorted to out of weakness. Museums are reliant on generally
shrinking subsidies from the state, and sponsorship or other
arrangements with patrons and business. The most popular ways to
recapitalize are putting on blockbuster shows and going for
expansion. It is far easier to get private funding for glamorous
expansion projects than for subsidizing the regular running of a
museum. The difﬁculty with expansion is that in the long term,
unless the programme has been so successful that it has generated
numerous further funding opportunities, it exacerbates the
underlying problem, leaving the museum with larger buildings to
light, heat, staff, and maintain. The 1990s economic boom fuelled

much expansion, as the rapid rise in the stock market both directly
and indirectly made museums richer. The recent recession has
brought a dramatic halt to many programmes, including those at
the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Whitney, among
others, and the closure of two branches of the Guggenheim, in the
SoHo area of New York and in Las Vegas.

Contemporary Art

An effect of this extraordinary expansion is, plainly, to stimulate the
production of art. As Howard Becker points out, we never come
across empty galleries for lack of sufﬁciently good art to display, so
both standards of judgement and quantity of output must be elastic
enough to ﬁll them. This has no doubt been another stimulus in
widening the global reach of contemporary art, a key way of
expanding the ambit of production.
In this increasingly competitive environment, museums have
branded themselves. The most signal example here is the
Guggenheim operation, a global museum franchise, and its most
evident manifestation is the Guggenheim Bilbao. Under the
directorship of Thomas Krens, the Guggenheim has expanded with
new spaces in Berlin in alliance with Deutsche Bank, and (as we
have seen) two further branches that were to become casualties of
the recession. The most daring venture was in Bilbao, a once
wealthy industrial city far from the tourist trail, divided by
separatist politics, including ETA bombings and assassinations.
In Kim Bradley’s detailed account, the museum was tied to the
development of the city’s port, new subway and airport, and
above all to retail, ofﬁce and residential developments. It has
certainly been an extraordinary success in turning Bilbao into a
tourist destination, branding the city with Frank Gehry’s bravura
sculptural building, clad in titanium. The regional government paid
a heavy price, covering all the Guggenheim’s costs to conceive,
design, build, and run the space. A $50m acquisition fund was
established, though the works purchased would remain property of
the Guggenheim. On top of this, there was a $20m tax-free fee for
loan access to the rest of Guggenheim collection and for the use of
96

the brand name. The museum has been marketed mostly at foreign
tourists, and the extent to which it would engage with Basque
interests was hotly debated in its early years. Its purchases and
shows, despite another large sum of money granted by the regional
government for the development of a Spanish and Basque
collection, have been of well-known US and European ‘masters’. We
have seen that installation art ensures attendance from a committed
art audience. Architectural extravagance can do the same, and the
two regularly come into symbiosis, as installation responds to its
setting.

The Guggenheim enterprises point to broader trends. Branding in
the art world has ﬂourished. Galleries and museums burnish their
new logos, striving to impress the character of their brand upon the
public. The branding of ‘Tate’ (marketers conduct systematic
warfare against deﬁnite and indeﬁnite articles) has produced an
entity that exceeds its various physical branches, and achieves crossbranding symbiosis through deals to endorse, for example, a range
of household paints sold at DIY giant B&Q. Many artists similarly
strive to achieve brand recognition, and a few succeed: Tracey Emin
has become a brand out of which her art is made. Such artists as
brands are allegorical ﬁgures that, like robots, deliver particular
and predictable behaviour along with other outputs. At a meeting
97

Uses and prices of art

More broadly, for an arts organization, the Guggenheim is a
particularly transparent business enterprise, its exhibitions bent to
its ﬁnancial interests. The Art of the Motorcycle was the ﬁrst of a
number of shows that seemed to be more opportunities for sponsors
than displays of culture. Giorgio Armani, held at the NY
Guggenheim in 2000, was a puff piece that, it was suspected, had
some relation to Armani’s $15m sponsorship deal with the museum.
The show was more a display of currently available merchandise
than a historical survey of the fashion house’s products, and neither
the display nor the catalogue did more than celebrate Armani’s
designs. Armani had, in effect, hired the museum to display
an advert.

Contemporary Art

on arts sponsorship held at the Royal Society for the Arts in 2001,
a representative of Selfridges put the matter with candour: the
display of Sam Taylor-Wood pictures across the façade of the shop
during its refurbishment was a bringing together of the two brands,
to the beneﬁt of both.
We have seen that corporate sponsorship of exhibitions tends to
militate against critical or radical content. The branding of
museums is a still more effective force in silencing critical thought.
If the building which houses the works has become an exceptional
logo (its shape reproduced on carrier bags and museum-shop
trinkets), and if the museum has expensively created a marketing
style for itself of speciﬁc hues, fonts, and images that make up the
brand identity, so the museum’s contents are implicitly branded too,
even by the labelling and interpretative material. The tendency is to
produce shows that parade one thing after another with equal
recommendation, as if art works never contend with or contradict
one another. A blanket of assurance is thrown over the contents,
branded by their very inclusion.
As art galleries and museums absorbed business practice and
searched for larger and more diverse audiences, their character
changed. Here is Bourdieu in The Love of Art on the still unchanged
European museum of the late 1960s, imposing on its viewers the
idea that what they experience there is utterly different from
everyday life:
. . . the untouchability of objects, the religious silence which
imposes itself on visitors, the puritan asceticism of the amenities,
always sparse and rather uncomfortable, the quasi-systematic
absence of any information, the grandiose solemnity of décor and
decorum . . .

It is enough to visit Tate Modern to realize how much has changed:
architectural drama still serves to impress on the viewer the
importance of what they are seeing, but the result is hardly solemn.
98

The galleries, which play second-ﬁddle to extensive amenities and
circulation spaces, are thronged with people, who are happy to raise
their voices, information is plentiful and there are some areas, at
least, where interaction is encouraged.
These changes were part of the opening up of the art enclave to the
processes of commodity display. Two of the trends we have looked at
in this chapter push in opposite directions: accessibility and more
standard forms of commodiﬁcation towards at least partial
mergence with commercial culture; academic professionalization of
art towards autonomy and elite discourse. The contradiction is
mitigated through the action of the state, because the very purpose
of professionalism, at least in the museum, has been effective public
communication.

99

Uses and prices of art

There are areas where state and corporate uses of art come into
greater tension. The state seeks to counter the hollowing out of
democracy and the decline of sociability caused by unrestrained
consumerism – the very result of the corporations’ actions. The
corporations’ main purpose is to sell goods to an increasingly
cynical public, suspicious of conventional marketing methods. The
direction of state policy is towards social inclusion and a
broadening of the art audience. The interest of corporations lies in
art’s very exclusivity and association with elites and celebrities, a
privileged realm that confers upon them the sanction of high
culture and access to continued media coverage and proﬁts. The
more transparent that relationship becomes, the more art is tainted
by it, appearing to be just another part of the general run of mass
culture with its wearying apparatus of publicity and celebrity. No
doubt the intention of having Madonna announce the Tate’s Turner
Prize in 2001 was to raise the proﬁle of the event even further, while
likewise elevating the pop star by association with high culture. The
effect, though, was that every viewer knew just where they were, in
the utterly familiar domain of mass culture, and the art displayed
took on the role of more or less interesting diversions to the main
spectacle of the star’s publicity-hungry misbehaviour.

Contemporary Art

The branding wars of the 1990s made art a more important element
in the management of commercial images. This demotion of art’s
status can only continue, for corporations that care about their
public image or are involved in the ‘cultural industries’ cannot leave
the advantage of participating in the arts to their competitors.
Systematically, there is nothing that corporations can do but
continue to undermine art’s autonomy, the very basis of its
attraction.
The fundamental contradiction is that ﬁne art, from its archaic and
protected enclave, propagandizes the very forces of neoliberalism
that if applied to art, would lead to its destruction. Benjamin
Buchloh notes that the model of culture to which states subscribe
has become corporatized, and that corporations want to reduce
aesthetic experience to fashion; this model, he writes, is profoundly
at odds with a democratic ideal of culture in which the public
deﬁnes and comes to see itself. The ghosts of those ideals still cling
to the arts (and are played upon by artists such as Gillick). They
remain central to many people’s views of art, no matter how
regularly their expectations are left unmet. This issue is the key to
opposing the use of art as a servant of business and the state, and we
will return to it in the ﬁnal chapter.

100

Chapter 5
The rules of art now

It is a basic art-world orthodoxy, echoed just about everywhere, that
contemporary art is ungraspably complex and diverse. The variety
of contemporary forms, techniques, and subject-matter in art is
indeed bewildering. The conventional media of painting, sculpture,
and print-making have been overlaid with installation and ‘new
media’, which can encompass anything from online art to
computer-controlled sound environments. Artists cultivate for
themselves images that range from traditional guru or shaman roles
to beady-eyed, tongue-in-cheek chancer and careerist, and personas
that include starstruck adolescent girls and engorged, axe-wielding
psychotics. Art’s concerns are also various, touching upon
feminism, identity politics, mass culture, shopping, and trauma.
Perhaps art’s fundamental condition is to be unknowable (that
concepts embodied in visual form can encompass contradiction),
or perhaps those that hold to this view are helping to conceal a
different uniformity.
There are several reasons to suspect that the conventional views
conceal something. First, most art is instantly recognizable to
both novices and the informed, and not just because it is on
display in the gallery. Secondly, total randomness is one form of
total uniformity. Each element of art’s variety is hybridized with
others in a process that leads to a wider homogeneity. Thirdly (in
tension with the second thought), as we have seen, permissiveness
101

is far from total, and much cultural production is rigidly excluded
from the contemporary art world. Finally, there is much current
work that (like advertising) uses visual signs in a highly
conventional manner. So perhaps art’s knowability is on the
increase, alongside statements boasting its essential
unknowability.

Contemporary Art

There can, of course, be no pretence to scientiﬁc objectivity in any
account of art. No analysis can be objective in the way that, say, the
examination of beetles can, since any account has some effect over
the very scene that it surveys. The wide inﬂuence of Greenberg’s
sweeping account of the development of modern art as a Hegelian
progress towards formal abstraction helped stimulate Pop Art, its
explicit refutation.
Since the rise of the avant-garde, only art viewed from a historical
distance has appeared to have direction and coherence, while the
present always seems clouded in confusion. This loss in the present
of the orientation that we appear to have when looking at the past
is a long-established feeling. In fact, those writers who, for better
or worse, grasped without ambiguity an impetus in the present
(such as Greenberg) have been the exceptions. Perhaps the
historical mode of viewing art simpliﬁes what we see, reducing it
to what is of interest to the present; but perhaps this is simply the
necessary task of intellectual work in which diverse phenomena
must be ordered, placed in hierarchies of importance, and much
ignored or forgotten, to achieve a meaningful perspective on a
scene. Such work is evident through our own period, as the art of
what was once thought of as the global periphery travelled to the
centre of art-world attention.
Art in the 1990s has sometimes been thought of as a synthesis
between grandiose and spectacular 1980s art with the techniques
and some of the concerns of conceptual art. The result was to
splice linguistic and conceptual play with visually impressive
objects. Tobias Rehberger’s Seven Ends of the World, to take a
102

single example, ﬁlls a room with clusters of glass balloons that
glow with different coloured lights in a beautiful, slowly changing
display; the lights in the balloons are renditions of local light
conditions in various places around the world, relayed over the
Internet.

The rules of art now

21. Tobias Rehberger, Seven Ends of the World

The piece is both a technically accomplished, spectacular, and
appealing object and the manifestation of an idea.
Perhaps this synthesis is the result of a negative dialectic, which has
forced on art not a realization but rather a taming of
conceptualism’s radical critique, in a false accommodation with
what it most despised. This is certainly the meaning of an
installation by veteran conceptual artists Art and Language at the
Lisson Gallery in 2002. Here they remade their famous Index
work – originally a piece meant to encourage interaction and
dialogue – as a candy-coloured functionless sculpture, juxtaposed
103

Contemporary Art

with a nonsensical pornographic text, a reference to the antics of
‘young British artists’.
A spectrum of art is composed of the varying elements of this
synthesis. One end – the most conventional and the most likely to
be associated with unreconstructed notions of male genius – mixes
the barest elements of a conceptual framework with large quantities
of emotion, spirituality, or humanism to warrant the production of
epic works. We might think here of Bill Viola, Anish Kapoor, or
Antony Gormley, and (most recently) Matthew Barney. At the other
end – and this is now a far commoner practice, as we have seen –
concepts drive the production of objects in materials or media that
are selected to suit them. Both ends react against the pervasiveness
of the mass media: the ﬁrst presents the viewer with a sublime or
imposing spectacle featuring massive amounts of material or
(latterly) data; in performance, the body and sometimes blood
of the artist form an assurance of organic and unique presence,
as against all that is copied and transmitted. At the other
end, mundane elements of the environment or the media are
pitched into non-instrumental play: this can be seen clearly in
works that take mass-media spectacle and simply remove the
spectacle, a plain example being Paul Pfeiffer’s digital alteration
of the ﬁlm of the Ali–Foreman boxing match, ‘Rumble in the
Jungle’, to delete the boxers. Indeed, a deﬁning feature of art
since the end of Cold War has been this play with borrowed
images, material, and media, which has whittled away at deep,
serious art of genius until its practitioners, now few, appear as
eccentric survivals of a previous age, while traditionalists can
only wail at the blanket dominance of ‘conceptualism’ and
‘installation’.
What characterizes this new production most is the movement of
readymade objects (or at least readily recognized objects) and signs
from one place to another, and their assemblage in novel
reconﬁgurations. Think of artists’ treatment of that most valued of
consumer objects, the car: there is Orozco’s famous La DS (1993), a
104

Citroën DS cut lengthways, a portion taken out of the middle,
then stuck back together to make a slimmed-down version; or
Gabinete Ordo Amoris’ elongated Lada taxi (three have been
welded into one) to make a Cuban taxi-limousine, commenting
prettily on the peculiarities of the rise of the nouveaux riches
on the island; or Damián Ortega’s exploded Volkswagen,
its component parts hanging like a 3-D diagram of a kit-assembly of
the car on wires. (There are plenty of other examples, from
Rehberger, Fleury, Charles Ray, and others.) These movable
elements may be qualities as well as things, as with Paola
Pivi’s inverted jet ﬁghter, Orozco’s Oval Billiard Table (1996),
or Maurizio Cattelan’s Stadium (1991), an elongated
table football game that can be played by 22 people at
once.
A vast range of art has been produced that contains such simple
combinations of elements. To survey a large number of these is to
105

The rules of art now

22. Paul Pfeiffer, The Long Count (Rumble in the Jungle)

Contemporary Art

23. Gabriel Orozco, La DS

have the (illusory) impression of an art-world machine that takes
elements out of their functional place in the world and recycles and
recombines them, so that, taken as a whole, any combination of
signs and objects will eventually be arrived at. Displacement is a key
technique of advertising, like art, which must shock and amuse or at
least intrigue the viewer; use and placement are the main elements
that separate art and advertising, which otherwise remain close and
engage in frequent theft from one another.
There is a structural reason for this systematic exploration of such
combinations as artists compete to ﬁnd a distinctive place within
the art world. As Howard Singerman puts it: ‘The [art] student’s
task, like that of his works, is to take – and to mark – his or her
place.’ As more and more positions are ﬁlled, it seems as if no
bringing together of elements is taboo. An extreme case is Zbigniev
Libera’s Lego (1996), a series of concentration camps built with the
106

24. Paola Pivi, Untitled (Aeroplane)

children’s building blocks, which along with other similarly
provocative works about the Holocaust were displayed at the
Jewish Museum in New York in a show called Mirroring Evil
in 2002.

Contemporary Art

Seen from the point of view of each artist’s individual projects such
pieces are various, distinct, and personal, and each has a particular
meaning. Seen from the point of view of the art-world as a system,
they appear as the component parts of a uniform machine, which
produces a large range of novel combinations that are tested against
various publics for marketable meaning.
Lest Hume’s point – that all human imagination is nothing more
than the combination of found elements – be thought to apply here,
it should be said that, in comparison with modern and even many
postmodern practices, these combinations have become simpler,

25. Zbigniew Libera, LEGO Concentration Camp
108

their elements more manifestly found, their recombination more
promiscuous and arbitrary, and the meanings that they generate
more ﬂeeting and cursory. Perhaps there is a relation between the
rapid play of images and the development of free trade, the erosion
of barriers, historical memory, and identities in favour of the
fungibility and mobility of objects, signs, and bodies.

This uniformity in art-making is reﬂected in prominent critical
accounts of contemporary art in the mid-1990s, which should be no
surprise, since the production of art and the writing which supports
it are hardly separable. Even so, there is a sharp contrast between
much academic writing on art and art criticism. Academic writing
has tended to be caught up in the continued dominance of
deconstruction, old Freudian and Lacanian models (widely
discredited in other ﬁelds), and identity-based accounts. In one
sense, this writing, which consists of apparently wilful readings,
abounding in poetic associations and arbitrary leaps, is a reﬂection
of the freedom ideally found in art itself. The writer’s performance
is as creative as the artist’s. Much academic art writing, too,
demonstrates a hidden uniformity, produced by institutional
pressures, beneath its apparently various surfaces. The particular
advantage of the dominant deconstructive and psychoanalytical
accounts is that they can be arbitrarily applied to the most unlikely
of works with predictably ‘critical’ results: once the method is
learned, any material can be fed into the machine. Traumatic voids
109

The rules of art now

This link with capital is generally disavowed in favour of another,
more congenial reading: while in the past stylistic contradiction or
inconsistency was seen by art historians as the unconscious
expression of social contradictions (the locus classicus here is Meyer
Schapiro’s analysis of the sculptures at Souillac), now a fully
conscious enactment of these inconsistencies is used to highlight an
awareness of contemporary cultural decadence. Naturally, that very
awareness and its parading in works of art allow viewers to enjoy
the spectacle of decadence, and assure them that mere awareness of
it is sufﬁcient to bear them to a loftier plane.

have recently been discovered even in the glib, slick surfaces of
pieces by Sam Taylor-Wood. Thus the publication quotas that are
institutionally demanded of academics with little research time are
met.

Contemporary Art

Those writers with more of a stake in the art world, and with wider
readerships, have quite different concerns. In art criticism during
the mid-1990s there has been a revival in writing about the once
neglected topic of beauty, which reﬂected the rise of decorative and
salable art as the economy revived. In part this can be seen as a way
of forgetting about issues of politics, money, difference, and elitism
that pressed hard (too hard, for some) on art in the US in the late
1980s and early 1990s.
To get a feeling for these developments, we will look at three
important US writers – and here we return to the dominant centre
for the consumption of art – who, despite their widely differing
stances, share common characteristics: Arthur Danto, Thomas
McEvilley, and Dave Hickey. All are liberal white males (so we
exclude here prominent conservative complainers against the state
of the arts, such as Robert Hughes and Hilton Kramer). All have
wide readerships. Danto and Hickey have been associated with the
renewed focus on beauty in contemporary art.
Arthur Danto writes for the left-liberal magazine The Nation and is
a very well-known philosopher and theorist of contemporary art,
particularly of what he sees as the break in art production set in
train by Andy Warhol. If Warhol’s Brillo Pad boxes cannot be
visually distinguished from actual Brillo Pad boxes, he argues, it
follows that art cannot be deﬁned in terms of its visual
distinctiveness, and must instead be characterized philosophically.
McEvilley is Distinguished Lecturer in Art History at Rice
University, and has a PhD in classical philology. He is a contributing
editor to Artforum, and has done much to promote the
understanding of non-Western contemporary art. He came to wide
attention with a systematic and stringent critique of the
110

assumptions underlying the New York Museum of Modern Art’s
1984 exhibition, ‘Primitivism’ in Twentieth Century Art, which led
to a lengthy and fractious debate with the curators. Dave Hickey,
Professor of Art Criticism and Theory at the University of Nevada,
Las Vegas, a highly popular writer with an engaging prose style, is a
recipient of the MacArthur Foundation ‘genius award’. Each of
these critics brings a set of particular and extraneous interests to art
criticism, as many of the best writers on art have done: for Danto it
is philosophy; for McEvilley anthropology and the classics; for
Hickey popular music and literature.

We have seen that, from one point of view, this is a good, plausible
description of contemporary art. It has had considerable resonance
in the art world, and ﬁgures who are much at odds with Danto in
other respects echo it. For instance in his book Design and Crime
Hal Foster, one of the most inﬂuential and powerful academic
111

The rules of art now

Danto’s After the End of Art claims that the character of art
has changed radically since the 1970s and the last gasp of the
avant-garde, and is now properly post-historical. Modernist
and avant-garde views were tied to an idea of historical progress –
towards formal abstraction, perhaps, or the merging of art and life.
For Danto, in contrast, ‘life really begins when the story comes to an
end’, and those who now expect art to progress have missed the
point, which is that the ﬁnal synthesis has been reached. While
Danto does not mention him, this stance is close to that of Francis
Fukuyama’s political views in his widely publicized book The End
of History and the Last Man, and is based on the same Hegelian
contention that, while of course events continue to occur, History
has come to a close; that we are settled for ever with a version of the
system which now sustains us. Similarly, for Danto, once art had
passed through the black night of the 1970s (which he compares,
with its dreadful politically engaged work, to the Dark Ages), it
emerged onto the sunny Elysian Fields of universal permissiveness,
never to leave. And in those ﬁelds, any mixing of styles or patching
together of narratives is as good in principle as any other.

writers about contemporary art, describes art’s current ‘symbolic
weightlessness’ and its disengagement from history:
One might go further: contemporary art no longer seems
‘contemporary’, in the sense that it no longer has a privileged
purchase on the present, or even ‘symptomatic’, at least no more so

Contemporary Art

than many other cultural phenomena.

Danto wants to say that contemporary art is contemporary but that
means more than merely art made now: ‘the contemporary is, from
one perspective, a period of information disorder, a condition of
perfect aesthetic entropy. But it is equally a period of quite perfect
freedom.’ That freedom was produced by the view of art that asked
philosophical questions about its conditions of existence, and was
no longer tied to questions of how it looked. Liberated from the
burden of that history, artists could make work ‘in whatever way
they wished, for any purposes they wished, or for no purposes at all’.
This is a fully utopian achievement, which Danto has little
hesitation in comparing to Marx and Engels’ vision of communism,
in which people freely fulﬁl themselves in the activities of their
choosing.
In Art and Otherness, McEvilley’s account of the contemporary art
world, global others coming into equal and full voice have
undermined modernist certitudes and allowed postmodern
diversity to ﬂower. Bad, old universal teleological modernism (as he
characterizes it, with unnuanced readings of Kant and Greenberg)
has been defeated by plural, forward-looking postmodernism,
through which we can glimpse possible utopian futures. The
account of modernism given here (one that has more plausibility in
the US, perhaps, where the ﬁgure of Greenberg still looms) is
smooth and unitary, innocent of the many variations,
contradictions, and disputations that modernism used to contain.
In any case, given its passing, judgements of quality – once
considered absolute – may be relativized, and in doing so we can
draw on the tools of anthropology. According to McEvilley:
112

At moments of intense social ferment, art can serve to retard,
disguise, or misrepresent a society’s potential for change. Today,
against all odds, art is performing the opposite role. Tracking the
future, it senses avenues along which a new self may emerge into the
light of a redeﬁned history.

Why not let the world breathe for a while without a meta-narrative
constricting it into a narrow space that is claimed as ultimate? Why
not let it feel its way into the future without those totalizing,
globalizing, universalizing, redemptionist myths which have so
much in common with religious prophecies?

Like Danto’s, this is a cheering view of the diversity of the
contemporary art scene, and it gains plausibility because, while
modernism was never as simple or unitary as McEvilley has it, there
has been a decided and positive increase in the diversity of voices
heard in the art world. In his writings about speciﬁc aesthetic
milieux in Africa and Asia, McEvilley has furthered that change
and proved more sensitive to the complexities and contradictions
it implies than in the broad-brush claims he makes in Art and
Otherness.
Dave Hickey, too, wants viewers to relax, enjoy art, and especially
to forget about the evils of the market. His book Air Guitar
contains a plea to allow the arts to thrive free of academic
113

The rules of art now

In such uncertain times, artists produce works that are necessarily
dark, oracular, and ambiguous, a faithful reﬂection of the epoch.
Part of this uncertainty is due to the emergence of multiple
non-Western views, and a corresponding relativization of Western
values that McEvilley sees emerging particularly from the 1980s.
For McEvilley this does not mean the end of history but the end of
one singular and particular view of it. The ideological totality of
modernism has yielded to a glorious plurality of positions, but this
is not to say that no new synthesis will emerge, only that it has not
yet been glimpsed. For the time being, that is just ﬁne:

Contemporary Art

brow-creasing at what Hickey describes as that speciﬁcally US
invention – a ‘big, beautiful art market’ that simply and
democratically reﬂects popular taste. Writing of the attitude of
Las Vegas academics to their home town, he claims ‘They think
it’s all about money, which, I always agree, is the worst way of
discriminating among individuals, except for all the others.’ For
the alternative to the market, bred in state funding of the arts
and propagated in academia, is a civil-service-run, politically
correct, theoretically defended culture, comprising ‘A ‘‘critique of
representation’’, which, at its heart, is a critique of representative
government – bald advocacy for a new civil service of cultural
police.’
Hickey’s well-honed rhetoric is used to bolster the notion that
‘democracy’ is embodied in market mechanisms, so that the laws of
supply and demand set the hierarchy of prices which really does
reﬂect what people want from art. This view is loosely associated
with the standard line of liberal thinking that says that you cannot
have democracy without the market. It is another matter, though, to
say that the market can act as a substitute for democracy. If that is a
doubtful claim even when applied to free markets, when applied to
the art market – which, as we have seen, is highly archaic,
controlled, and restricted – it is foolish.
For this view to appear remotely plausible, Hickey has to believe
that cultural distinction does not matter, that to look at art requires
no special skill or education, and that entry into the art world is a
purely voluntary matter (if you want in, you are in). It is a
touchingly idealist view for an art-world insider to hold, apparently
innocent of the workings of social distinction, money, and power.
Hickey would have us believe that
everyone in this culture understands the freedom and permission of
art’s mandate. To put it simply: Art ain’t rocket science, and beyond
a proclivity to respond and permission to do so, there are no
prerequisites for looking at it.
114

There are elements of truth in this: the arts as a profession is not
defended against outsiders in the way medicine, law, or engineering
are; appreciating art is deﬁnitely not rocket science, and people can
understand something about it just from being exposed to the
general run of commercial culture. However, the single biggest
determinant of gallery-going is education (as we have seen), and
this is partly because art at all levels (from academic to commercial)
deﬁnes itself against mass culture. In doing so, it regularly uses
complex references to art history that require specialist knowledge
of its viewers. Hickey himself, far from being an ordinary Joe, spent
years doing a PhD, thus leaping over the most forbidding barrier to
access.

Hickey has also recently curated an international exhibition in his
campaign both to reinstate beauty and popularize art by removing
what he sees as an elitist concern with political and social agendas.
The show, which opened in 2001, Site Santa Fe’s Fourth
International Biennial, was modestly entitled Beau Monde: Toward
115

The rules of art now

Hickey sees himself as a fan of art, just as he is a fan of rock and roll,
and there should be no more need for a fan of art to trouble
themselves about it being a commodity than they would worry over
the buying and selling of CDs. To counter this view, we should turn
to another well-known critic who has also written much about rock
– Diedrich Diedrichsen. In an incisive examination of the state of
contemporary art criticism, he points to the obvious difference
between fan literature and art criticism. Fan literature is written for
those who are likely to buy a product, and helps them to decide
whether or not to do so. As a result, it is highly focused and
instrumental. Nearly all the audience for art criticism, however,
have no prospect of owning the works they are reading about. The
writing, too – in its specialist academic and populist versions –
serves quite other functions, in which judgements of quality are
either not explicitly made at all, or are made only on the basis of a
subjective parading of taste. Hickey’s writing, of course, falls into
the latter category.

Contemporary Art

a Redeemed Cosmopolitanism. In the catalogue Hickey stated that,
since what audiences remember of exhibitions is an ambience (and
not ideas), he had resolved to touch everything with high spirits and
a light heart. The warehouse space at Site Santa Fe was transformed
with gardens, a picture window, and fantastical architectural
detailing, and works were disposed in appealing vistas. Orthodoxy
in biennales was the supposed target for the intended redemption.
Hickey claimed they had been ‘perversely devoted to marketing
ideas of regional identity and local exceptionality in the normative
language of post-minimalist artistic practice’. He misunderstands
what such shows are about, of course, for we have seen how they are
founded on the idea of hybridity and cultural exchange, though
Hickey is right about the uniﬁed language in which all this
difference ends. This misunderstanding allows Hickey to
recommend a cosmopolitanism in which cultural resources are
mixed and which actually plays to the main presumptions
underlying the internationalism he complains about. The actual
contrast is more straightforwardly political and becomes clear in
the following extraordinary claims made by Hickey: while
exhibitions that deal with cultural identity tend to be made up of art
that poses problems, the art in Beau Monde aspires to solve them:
‘the visible resolution of cultural dissonance has its moral and
intellectual consequences, its social allegories, its uses, and
function’. (It is curious here how Hickey’s normal facility with
plain language deserts him, perhaps under the pressure of the
absurdity of the claim). The mutation of the biennale in Beau
Monde is an instructive one. Retaining the celebration of hybridity,
it switches the standard response of the work from positive to
negative, but to similar propaganda effect; the conventional
biennale recommends multiculturalism and complains that old,
conservative barriers to trade and cultural exchange hold back its
progress; Beau Monde gloried in its current successes and the
beauty they produced.
The artist Renée Green has enumerated some current art-world
clichés exempliﬁed by Hickey’s thinking:
116

1
2
3

Art is borderless.
Thinking causes over-seriousness and the deﬂation of fun and
beauty, which are equated with aesthetic pleasure.
To think means to think too much, and is in conﬂict with
experiencing (which is thought of in binary terms and is thus
associated with feeling, i.e., feeling/experiencing vs. thinking).

Hickey strangely presumes that people – and educated art
audiences in particular – cannot take pleasure in a demanding
work, or a political work, or even a play of ideas.

We have seen that there are many reasons why that very diversity
has become a prescribed uniformity. Bourdieu points to another:
both the production and consumption of works that emerged from
a long tradition of ruptures with tradition carry with them a cargo
of historical references, becoming simultaneously thoroughly
historical and dehistoricized. They refer to a multitude of forms but
truly remember none of them, nor the conditions of their creation.
History is reduced to a pure history of forms, laid out like a table
from which any combination of options can be selected.
The remarkable feature of this scenario is the convergence between
academic interpretations of art and those more populist writings
that recommend the untroubled enjoyment of beauty. Academics
who are committed to applying Occam’s Razor in reverse to any
conceivable cultural problem, and critics who strive for a
reasonable, measured, and entertaining clarity both favour
fragmentation, the divided subject or psyche, the limits and bad
faith of socially produced knowledge, and the sublime vertigo of the
117

The rules of art now

All three critics, Danto, McEvilley, and Hickey, arrive via very
different routes at similar destinations: that the contemporary art
world is (in the infamous words of Robert Venturi and his
collaborators in a book, Learning from Las Vegas, that lies at one of
the roots of postmodernism) ‘almost all right’. Viewers of art should
be content to bask in its glorious and unencompassable diversity.

unknowable. And they do so at a time when art is increasingly
dominated by thoroughly comprehensible tactics and techniques.

Contemporary Art

In any case, the plausibility of these views has lately taken a
battering. Particularly since the events of September 11, the rise of
overt US imperialism – with its ﬂagrant and insouciant ﬂouting of
international law – strikes against the ideal multiculturalism and
globalization exempliﬁed in McEvilley’s account. The return of a
cogent opposition to capitalism, and with it of vanguard art, should
have been impossible if Fukuyama’s and Danto’s accounts were
accurate. Hickey’s boosting of beauty and the market looked good
only as long as the economy boomed, and art-consumers continued
to indulge themselves with pretty objects. We shall see in the ﬁnal
chapter how these factors and others exacerbated existing tensions
in the art-world system.

118

Chapter 6
Contradictions

Contemporary art, sure, but contemporary with what?
(Paul Virilio, Art and Fear)

In ideology, Marx and Engels claimed, things appear upside-down.
Contemporary art celebrates as the exercise of freedom all that is
forced on us. It does so plausibly because a freedom allied to
consumption is the experience of the elite, who view art – the
adopting and discarding of roles, and the multiple identities
constructed through consumer choice. Recent events – the attack of
another global recession, the rise of radical political movements,
and the many consequences of an overtly imperial project pursued
by the US – have begun to fracture the longstanding agreement
about art’s role and character. As a result, some very diverse views
about art are beginning to be aired, even from within the
intelligentsia.
Two recent French accounts of contemporary art may serve as
examples. For Nicolas Bourriaud, in his inﬂuential book Relational
Aesthetics, 1990s art has been most characterized by work that
makes social interaction an aesthetic arena, by offering services or
contracts to visitors or simply easing contact between them. One of
his examples illustrates the idea well: Jens Haaning broadcast jokes
in Turkish through a speaker in a Copenhagen square, forging a
temporary bond between those who understood and laughed. For
119

Contemporary Art

Paul Virilio, in lectures published as Art and Fear (and badly
received when they were published in France in 2000), the logic of
art continually engages in breaking taboos, in ramping up spectacle,
and in stretching the limits of what it is to be human – even to the
extent of engaging in creative genetic manipulation: such logic
ultimately points towards murder for aesthetic purposes. And as we
have seen in chapter 2, Sergei Bugaev Afrika made a snuff movie for
aesthetes. Such work sanctions Virilio’s position on the pitilessness
and noise of contemporary art. While conventionally and ideally,
truth, beauty, and ethics have been aligned, Virilio poses the
following question, as if one precluded the other: ‘Ethics or
aesthetics?’
The extraordinary divide between the two views is partly due to the
writers’ backgrounds: Bourriaud is a curator and currently a codirector of the state-run contemporary art space at the Palais de
Tokyo in Paris. His views were formed by working with and talking
to artists. His book is not merely a discussion but a promotion of the
art that he recommends by ﬁgures such as Vanessa Beecroft, Liam
Gillick, Philippe Parreno, Rirkrit Tiravanija, and others. Virilio is a
veteran philosopher, urbanist, and political activist, whose
involvement in the art world goes back to working on stained glass
with Braque and Matisse. His thinking, particularly about vision,
speed, and war, has tended towards the apocalyptic, and it is
unsurprising that he writes about current art as an outsider.
For Bourriaud, art that encourages social interaction among its
viewers reacts directly against a general trend to increasing social
fragmentation, from ever greater specialization at work to the
tendency for people to lock themselves away in their homes in the
company of media rather than other people. This condition is eased
through art: ‘Through little services rendered, artists ﬁll in the
cracks in the social bond.’ Art offers not theoretical prescriptions
but small, momentary, and subjective ‘hands-on utopias’ in which
people can learn to live better. Yet this ‘arena of exchange’ must be
judged aesthetically, through an analysis of its form. Social relations
120

are treated as another artistic medium to add to photography, video,
and installation. These works may well include things that look like
conventional art objects and which may be bought and sold, though
they too should be judged ultimately as part of the overall scene of
sociality. This art, claims Bourriaud, is human and democratic.
A telling example of the type of art that Bourriaud recommends is
Gavin Turk’s The Che Gavara Story. This event followed a series of
works made by Turk in which he had inserted his own face into
well-known images of Che in black-on-red hoardings and in a
waxwork mock-up of the famous photograph taken to prove that
the revolutionary was dead.

Contradictions

26. Gavin Turk, Che Guevara
121

Contemporary Art

In 2001, in an ambitious departure from this previous line of work,
Turk staged a series of meetings and discussion sessions about Che’s
life and legacy in a squatted room in Shoreditch. Political strategy
meetings were followed by sessions in which activists organized a
demonstration that was to be the culmination of the series. The idea
of this work, said Turk, was to use his status as a newsworthy artist
to set up a space for discussion and action that would have a chance
of breaking into the mass media.
The revived attraction of Che is that his life and image synthesizes
youthful glamour and steadfast revolutionary commitment, the
one adding a tinge of half-forgotten danger to the other. Part of
the idea of this action was to highlight the mismatch between
Latin American revolutionary politics and the glittering banalities
of ‘young British art’, thus ﬁxing, according to Turk, on what
shines out of history into the present. The Left’s old struggles have
begun to glow anew because of the rise of anti-capitalist
movements, which have worked out new ways to ally political and
cultural action. They embody just that dangerous compact of
cultural and political radicalism of which Che’s image is a
reminder.
Che had his guerrillas read Don Quixote, and Turk’s project was
indeed Quixotic. You cannot get a few diverse folk together over the
course of a fortnight and conjure a political programme out of the
air. The discussion I attended was interesting but also aimless and
unfocused, and others I spoke to who had attended the sessions felt
similarly. Bizarrely, the ﬁnal manifestation was dominated by
nudists arguing for their right to go naked in public.
The Che Gavara Story was characteristic of many socially
interactive works. There is a trade-off between the number of
participants and their diversity and likely discourse. Active
participants tend to be few, elite, and self-selecting. In these
temporary utopian bubbles, no substantial politics can be arrived
at, not least because even among those who do attend, real
122

differences and conﬂicts of interest are temporarily denied or
forgotten. A merely gestural politics is the likely result.
In a sense, the use of audience interaction reintroduces organic and
irrefutable presence to an art that threatens to become an evacuated
play of readymade signs and objects. The presence is no longer that
of the artist-genius, but of the audience, temporarily warmed by a
democratic ideal that treats their thoughts and actions as valuable,
or at least recognizes their potential for creative engagement.

This type of art is, however, congenial both to governments
(particularly those of a social-democratic inﬂection, hence its
prevalence in Europe during the 1990s) and business.
Governments, as we have seen, look to art as a social salve, and hope
that socially interactive art will act as bandaging for the grave
wounds continually prised open by capital. Corporations may also
employ it speciﬁcally to leaven workplace environments with
creative play, and free up company structures and methods with
innovative thinking. Art is refashioned as management consultancy.
By contrast, Virilio’s remarks about contemporary art were not
what states, business or the art world wanted to hear. They do have
many faults, being expressed in extreme, hectoring language,
containing bad errors, and setting out to provoke by associating
much contemporary production directly with mass murder. Even
so, they clearly express a concern that such art places itself against
human discourse, stillness, and contemplation, and at the service of
123

Contradictions

If this work is self-consciously futile and token, then the rise of this
art may be less positive than Bourriaud thinks. Coupled with
thinking about the hollowing out of democratic politics (remember
the Swedish ‘average citizen’), what Bourriaud describes is merely
another art-world assimilation of the dead or the junked, the representation as aesthetics of what was once social interaction,
political discourse, and even ordinary human relations. If
democracy is found only in art works, it is in a good deal of trouble.

Contemporary Art

instrumental powers. To bring Bourriaud’s and Virilio’s views
together, we may say that one of art’s tactics for doing this is
precisely by repackaging social interaction as aesthetic
performance.
The logic of capital churns up all material, bodies, cultures, and
associations in the mechanical search for proﬁt making. This has its
analogue in art’s weightless sign-swapping. For Virilio, art’s
creativity, allied to capital, is directed against humanity itself, most
obviously in its embrace of the genetic manipulation. There have
been numerous visions of genetically modiﬁed humans in recent
digital photography – for example, by Margi Geerlinks and Inez van
Lamsweerde – which help, with their smooth spectacle, to
glamorize the possibilities for the creative alteration of genes. Other
artists go further in claiming to have actually manipulated the genes
of living organisms for artistic effect. Whether or not Eduardo Kac
really did genetically engineer a green ﬂuorescent rabbit as an
artwork, the point is clear: the artist has the right to use genetic
manipulation for declaredly aesthetic ends.
In the face of this incessant transformation, the greatest ideological
redoubt is the subjectivity of the viewer. Long ago, Leo Steinberg
felt that an interactive piece by Robert Rauschenberg had reduced
him to the status of a switch. This was near the inception of
cybernetic work that indeed had such designs on us. Yet, despite the
most transparent manipulations of viewers, their inviolable
character and the linked mystery of art persist. Bourdieu broaches
the question (quoted on page 6) of why art must escape all
explanation. To ask for explanations, he says, ‘constitutes a mortal
threat to the pretension, so common (at least among art lovers) and
yet so ‘‘distinguished’’ of thinking of oneself as an ineffable
individual, capable of ineffable experiences’.
So, ultimately, art’s purpose is to assure its educated viewers that,
despite the corruption of democracy, the manipulations of the
media, the pollution of the mental environment by endless and
124

strident commercial propaganda, they are still themselves,
undamaged and free. When artists sanction it, they can even engage
in meaningful social discourse with like-minded strangers.
The universal viewer is set against a universalism of another kind.
Serge Guilbaut showed how the regionalism and nationalism – the
particular local concerns – of the US art world had to fall away as it
moved to establish global dominance. In a further stage, that
dominance is sublated, so that it no longer requires that art be
American, only that it be made according to the US model of global
neoliberalism.
It may be concluded that the most celebrated contemporary art is
that which serves to further the interests of the neoliberal economy,
in breaking down barriers to trade, local solidarities, and cultural
attachments in a continual process of hybridization. This should
125

Contradictions

27. Eduardo Kac, Alba, the Fluorescent Rabbit

Contemporary Art

hardly be a cause for surprise but there is a large mismatch between
the contemporary art world’s own view of itself and its actual
function.
Art overruns the borders of local particularity, aiding the
transformation and mixing of the world’s cultures and economies.
The progressive and regressive aspects of this process are
inextricably related. Local resistances are defeated and, in many
places, conditions worsen as a result. Equally, art prepares the way
for greater integration, and for the emergence of wider solidarities,
so compellingly laid out in Hardt and Negri’s book Empire. Even so,
any progressive aspect to the art world’s support of neoliberalism is
the inverse of its own view of its actions, which are ﬁxed on the
particular, the personal, and the non-instrumental, and certainly
not on the sacriﬁce of particularities on the altar of global
homogenization. It is just this mismatch that constitutes art’s main
contribution to what is, after all, far more effectively carried on by
mass culture: an appeal to sections of the elite that stand above and
aside from their local cultures, and a particularly effective
ideological cloak for the actions of that audience in their
complicity with global capital.
This situation is marked, however, by distinct tensions and
contradictions. We have seen that art’s uselessness – its main use –
is being sullied by the particular needs of government and business.
In a linked development, art’s elitism is challenged by the attempt
to widen its appeal: business values art for its exclusivity, while
states are generally interested in the opposite, and wish to widen its
ambit. Finally art’s means of production, increasingly technological,
have come into conﬂict with its archaic relations of production.
Opportunities for the exploitation of these tensions fall into four
main categories. First, there is iconoclasm. The destruction of art,
or even the attempt to do, is the most basic protest against the
notion implicit in contemporary art that all signs are equally open
to play. The relatives of Myra Hindley’s victims thought that her
126

image should not be open to such toying with, and were supported
by two people who tried to damage Marcus Harvey’s Myra during
its display at the Sensation exhibition; likewise Chris Oﬁli’s Holy
Virgin Mary, which juxtaposed the main ﬁgure with cut-outs from
pornographic magazines, was attacked when Sensation was shown
in New York. Such acts also challenge the commonly held view that
all art is a good, a product of sovereign self-expression. When public
works of art are attacked, their setting, purpose, and the politics of
their commissioning are all highlighted. The well-planned arson
attack in Birmingham on Raymond Mason’s Forward (1991), much
disliked by many locals, was an exercise of vulgar power over a piece
of municipal propaganda.

In a small, jokey book – a dialogue between Matthew Arnatt and
Matthew Collings about Documenta 11, though equally about
themselves and the rhetoric of criticism – the two writers
express unease at the parade of otherness. Collings, typically and
for the sake of making the reader feel better about their own
127

Contradictions

The second and the third are political activism in art, and the linked
exploitation of technological means to sidestep the art-world
system. There has been some explicit critique of neoliberalism
within the global biennales. The two most recent Documentas have
both made political engagement a theme: Documenta X in 1996,
curated by Catherine David, courageously took on the apolitical
character of the art world at the height of the 1990s boom, and as a
result was roundly condemned in many quarters for being
backward-looking and nostalgic. Documenta 11, curated by Okwui
Owenzor, was another clear sign that the art of the periphery had
moved centre-stage, and contained an impressive array of critical
work, buttressed by discussions taking place at many venues around
the world, and the publication of dialogues on democracy, truth and
reconciliation, creolization and the Latin American city. Yet as long
as such work remains within conventional art-world structures,
these critiques contain self-evident contradictions that weaken
their likely power.

forgetfulness and lack of expertise, has only vague and jumbled
memories of what he has seen, though he remembers objecting to
the way that ‘everyone on the platform . . . at the press conference,
was pulling faces and feeling the pain of suffering, or suffering pain,
or at least mincing and wincing a lot).’ The serious point here is that
such reactions are agreed to in advance. For those, like Collings,
who are hostile to ‘politically correct’ presumptions, such works are
powerless.
Arnatt, in combative baroque prose, puts his ﬁnger on what the
movement of these visions – from the point of their making to the
German art extravaganza – might amount to:
everyone ‘Knows’ on the basis of an inverted gnosis – something like

Contemporary Art

a principled snobbery – that employs into ‘service’ the creatures of
Africa (richly coloured and dancing given half-a-chance), and the
tortured ‘sensibilities’ of the geographically distanced victims of
political and economic ‘atrocity’ – and uniforms them. In that way –
the centre’s apology for its own centrality – draws into its own
hideous and kinky household, with the relish of a Mrs Beaton, the
exotic fruit of otherness, and pounds it into a jelly; disgusting.

He also argues that there is a contradiction between the
professional individualism of such an event (curators, just
like artists, attempt to occupy a unique space) and its radical
preoccupations (which would seem to tend towards collectivism).
The bad faith involved in the display of these problems in art,
however, is not that these subjects are reﬂex reactions of the Left,
nor that blame fails to attach to the people before whom such work
is paraded; it lies in the very slight likelihood that the art world
alone can do anything to help. If the work is shown without any
prospect that it will have an effect, its display becomes mere
performance and its viewing a form of entertainment. It will be said
that the art world is not separated by impermeable barriers from
the rest of society, so these displays may have a wider effect, and that
128

may be increasingly true if art’s autonomy continues to erode. Yet
current art’s marginality, when compared to the rest of the culture,
means that those effects are likely to be minor. Walter Benjamin’s
old point still holds: a radical art needs to do more than make
politics its subject-matter; it must change the way it is made,
distributed, and seen.

Artists made interventions in online space, alongside corporations
that made concerted efforts to change the Internet from forum to
mall. That commercial colonization has been a rich subject for
Internet artists, who have produced many sharp and sophisticated
pieces designed to draw the shopper up short. One of the most
notorious was staged by the art corporation, etoy. Their Digital
Hijack diverted surfers who had typed in keywords such as
‘Madonna’, ‘Porsche,’ and ‘Penthouse’ into a search engine, and
clicked on etoy’s top-rated site, greeting them with the response:
‘Don’t fucking move. This is a digital hijack’, followed by the
loading of an audio ﬁle about the plight of imprisoned hacker
Kevin Mitnick, and the hijacking of the Internet by Netscape.
Others – including Rachel Baker, with her examination of
customer surveys, data mining, and loyalty cards – have come
129

Contradictions

One response is to step outside the conventional arena of gallery
and museum display. From the mid-1990s, with the rise of the
web browser, the dematerialization of the art work – especially its
weightless distribution over digital networks – has threatened the
protected system of the arts. What is the market to make of a work
that is reproducible with perfect accuracy, that can simultaneously
exist on thousands of servers and millions of computers, and that
can be cannibalized or modiﬁed by users? How can one buy, sell, or
own such a portion of data? This is a situation, central to Marxist
theory, in which modernization of the means of production comes
into conﬂict with the relations of production. In digital art, the use
of new technological means to make and distribute work comes into
conﬂict with the craft-based practice, patronage, and elitism of the
art world.

Contemporary Art

28. etoy, CORPORATION, TOYWAR site

into dispute with corporations using the copyright laws to
suppress freedom of speech. Baker made a site promising Web
users who registered for a Tesco loyalty card points as they surf,
provided they ﬁlled in a registration form that asked questions such
as ‘Do you often give your personal data to marketers?’ and ‘How
130

much is your personal data worth to marketing agents?’ She rapidly
received a letter from Tesco threatening an injunction and damage
claims.

The fourth tactic for exploiting tensions within contemporary
art is to challenge the illusion of art’s uselessness by producing
work of explicit use. The synthesis of productive and
reproductive technologies in the digital realm raised two
corpses long thought to have been deﬁnitively buried: the
avant-garde and the political use of art. For Benjamin Buchloh,
a key example of art that had a use-value was Soviet
constructivism, made following the Revolution for speciﬁc
and well-deﬁned purposes. Particularly online, where the
boundaries between production and reproduction are faint,
artists have been rediscovering use-value. Paul Garrin battled the
exclusive and centrally controlled naming of sites on the Web,
which, he argues, works against its democratic potential. He has
designed a working technical solution, Name.Space and insisted
on its practical and political use, against those who think that a
work of art must be functionless. Other activist works allied to
the new political movements – such as Floodnet, designed by
131

Contradictions

This form of art is indicative of a wider, extraordinary development:
out of a renewed and virulent species of capitalism – at the point of
its apparent triumph – there condensed from fragmented singleissue politics, a coherent movement of opposition. Michael Hardt
and Antonio Negri argue that this is no accident, for cooperative
values emerge from the very change of the primary economies
towards data processing, in which cooperation between users and
producers can be a more important organizing force than
investment capital. The result is ‘the potential for a kind of
spontaneous and elementary communism’. The free software
movement – based on just this global, voluntary cooperation
protected by a hacked form of copyright law – is a challenge to the
dominance of Microsoft and provides a striking example of such
collective work in action.

Contemporary Art

Brett Stalbaum – have engaged in the direct disruption of
consumerism. A campaign against the giant online corporation,
eToys – which had used legal action to close down the site of
art collective etoy – was so effective that the campaign (along
with the recession) forced the company into receivership.
Perhaps the most radical and productive works of the last few
years have not been those that dwelt on and within the power of
consumerism but those that have explored its limits, and what lies
beyond.
Art on the Net clearly raises – more effectively than their vestigial
treatment in the gallery – issues of dialogue and democracy. Here
democracy is severed from the market, dialogue is rapid, borrowing
is frequent, openness is part of the ethos, and there is a blurred line
between makers and viewers. There are the beginnings of a sacriﬁce
of the sovereign artist and solitary viewer in favour of communal
participation and – that most necessary and elusive of qualities in
art – meaningful and effective feedback.
Such useful works are not conﬁned to the online world, though
they can ﬂourish there because corporate sponsorship and museum
curatorship do not deﬁne what is seen. Allan Sekula has produced
a substantial body of work, interweaving photographs and texts,
and tackling large subjects in ambitious, long-term projects –
maritime trade, for instance, in his self-reﬂexive and sophisticated
book, Fish Story. More recently, he made a smaller intervention of
a few dozen pictures that has appeared in galleries as a slide
sequence (it was shown tellingly in the fascist Columbus
Monument in Lisbon), and also follows the texts in a book
called Five Days that Shook the World. The ‘Five Days’ are the
anti-World Trade Organization demonstrations that took place
in Seattle towards the end of 1999. The texts that frame these
pictures – by Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair –
describe the aims, the tactics, and the factions among the
protestors, and the brutal (indeed, potentially lethal) response
of the police. Sekula himself, unusually, does not support the
132

pictures with much text, arguing that in the face of such
strangeness a ‘simple descriptive physiognomy was warranted’.
Further:
I hoped to describe the attitudes of people waiting, unarmed,
sometimes deliberately naked in the winter chill, for the gas and the
rubber bullets and the concussion grenades. There were moments of
civic solemnity, of urban anxiety, and of carnival.

29. Allan Sekula, Waiting for Tear Gas
133

Contradictions

So in waiting, frozen moments are sealed in the photographic
frame, but a wealth of time is contained in them, forward-looking
most certainly in expectation and dread; backwards, too, for there is
something archaic about both the demonstrations and these
images, a feeling of history reasserting itself. What has reactivated
time in such pictures? It is not the events of Seattle alone but the
way they seem built into a wider system of change, as formerly
fractious single-issue groups coalesce into a broad critique of the
way things are. The positive project of the new movements is
contested but its broad outlines are evident: to protect the
environment, to increase equality, and to make democracy mean

more than the periodic election of leaders and parties in otherwise
unchanging plutocracies.

Contemporary Art

Again, such a work has clear propaganda value, and does not seek to
mystify itself or ﬂatter viewers by assuring them of their own
depthless profundity. It may be, of course, that the gallery display of
this work rebounds to the honour of its hosts. Yet the work’s clear
and speciﬁc wider role works against that function, for it is unsuited
to the usual cloudy idealisms that buttress the status of art and the
gallery.
The question of art’s use takes us back, naturally, to art’s freedom.
That the very concerns of art – creativity, enlightenment, criticality,
self-criticism – are as instrumentally grounded as what they serve to
conceal – business, state triage, and war – is the consideration that
must be concealed. And it can be, because the local liberation
offered in the production of art, and its enjoyment, are genuine.
Bourdieu cites a letter by Flaubert on art’s freedom:
That is why I love Art. There, at least, everything is freedom, in this
world of ﬁctions. There one is satisﬁed, does everything, is both a
king and his subjects, active and passive, victim and priest. No
limits; humanity is for you a puppet with bells you make ring at the
end of his sentence like a buffoon with a kick.

Flaubert more than implies that the free mastery of the artist (and
reader or viewer) is a cruel power. In Bourdieu’s analysis, Flaubert’s
freedom, and that of the avant-garde in general, was purchased at
the price of actual disconnection from the world of the economy.
Other bohemian writers were the main and grossly inadequate
market for such work, and books were written in deliberate deﬁance
of bourgeois understanding. The autonomy of art was carved out of
a reaction against both elevated bourgeois writing and engaged,
realist literature; acclaim was only – if ever – achieved after the long
passage of time, as new avant-garde forms displaced and
familiarized the old. It is easy to see that the conditions for that
134

freedom no longer exist in the art world: artists are snug in the
market’s lap; works are made to court the public; sufﬁcient
autonomy is maintained to identify art as art, but otherwise most
styles and subject-matter are indulged in; success generally comes
swiftly, or not at all.

135

Contradictions

In these circumstances, the plausibility and power of art’s freedom
are on the wane. Among the opening remarks of Aesthetic Theory,
Adorno has this to say about artistic freedom: ‘absolute freedom in
art, always limited to a particular, comes into contradiction with the
perennial unfreedom of the whole’. Until that wider unfreedom is
effaced, the particular freedoms of art run through the ﬁngers like
sand. While they may open a utopian window on a less instrumental
world, they also serve as effective pretexts for oppression. By
contrast, works of evident use press on the contradictions inherent
in the system of art, and seek to liberate themselves from capital’s
servitude. To break with the autonomy of free art is to remove one of
the masks of free trade. Or to put it the other way around, if free
trade is to be abandoned as a model for global development, so
must its ally, free art.

References

Chapter 1: A zone of freedom?
Rasheed Araeen, The Other Story: Afro-Asian Artists in Post-War
Britain (London: Hayward Gallery, 1989).
The Art Sales Index: www.art-sales-index.com
Pierre Bourdieu, The Rules of Art: Genesis and Structure of the Literary
Field (Cambridge: Polity Press, 1996), p. xiv.
Benjamin Buchloh, ‘Critical Reﬂections’, Artforum, vol. 35, no. 5,
January 1997, pp. 68–9, 102.
Centre Georges Pompidou, Magiciens de la terre (Paris: Editions de
Centre Pompidou, 1989).
Douglas Davis, ‘Multicultural Wars’, Art in America, vol. 83, no. 2,
February 1995, pp. 35–9, 41, 43, 45.
Jacques Derrida, Of Grammatology, tr. Gayatri Chakravorty
Spivak (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1976),
pt. II.
Coco Fusco, The Bodies That Were Not Ours and Other Writings
(London: IVA/Routledge, 2001).
Thelma Golden, Black Male: Representations of Masculinity in
Contemporary American Art (New York: Whitney Museum of
American Art, 1994).
Karl Marx and Frederick Engels, The Communist Manifesto: A Modern
Edition (London: Verso, 1998), pp. 39–40.
Julie H. Reiss, From Margin to Center: The Spaces of Installation Art
(Cambridge, Mass.: The MIT Press, 1999).
136

Justin Rosenberg, The Follies of Globalisation Theory (London: Verso,
2000).
Donald Sassoon, ‘On Cultural Markets’, New Left Review, new series,
no. 17, September/October 2002, pp. 113–26.
Joseph Stiglitz, Globalization and Its Discontents (London: Allen Lane,
2002).

137

References

Chapter 2: New world order
Carol Becker, ‘The Romance of Nomadism: A Series of
Reﬂections’, Art Journal, vol. 58, no. 2, Summer 1999, pp. 22–9
(p. 27).
Alexander Brener, ‘Ticket that Exploded’: http://www.ljudmila.org/
interpol/intro2.htm
Jen Budney, ‘Who’s It For? The 2nd Johannesburg Biennale’, Third
Text, no. 42, Spring 1998, pp. 88–94.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Heart of a Dog, tr. Mirra Ginsburg (London:
Picador, 1990).
Eugenio Valdés Figueroa, ‘Trajectories of a Rumour: Cuban Art in the
Postwar Period’, in Block (ed.), Art Cuba: The New Generation,
tr. Cola Franzen/Marguerite Feitlowitz (New York: Harry N. Abrams
Inc., 2001), p. 20.
Jean Fisher, quoted in Kobena Mercer, ‘Ethnicity and Internationality:
New British Art and Diaspora-Based Blackness’, Third Text, no. 49,
Winter 1999–2000, pp. 51–62.
Coco Fusco, The Bodies That Were Not Ours and Other Writings,
(London: inIVA/Routledge, 2001), p. 156.
Eduardo Galeano, Memory of Fire, tr. Cedric Belfrage (London: Quartet
Books, 1995).
Hou Hanrou, interviewed in Franklin Sirmans, ‘Johannesburg
Biennale: Meet the Curators of ‘‘Trade Routes: History and
Geography’’ ’, Flash Art, vol. 30, no. 190, October 1997, pp. 78–82
(p. 78).
Fredric Jameson, ‘Marxism and Postmodernism’, in The Cultural Turn:
Selected Writings on the Postmodern, 1983–1998 (London: Verso,
1998).
1st Liverpool Biennial of International Contemporary Art: Trace

Contemporary Art

(Liverpool: Liverpool Biennial of International Contemporary Art/
Tate Liverpool, 1999).
Rosa Martínez, cited in Carlos Basualdo, ‘Launching Site’, Artforum,
vol. 37, no. 10, Summer 1999, pp. 39–40, 42 (p. 39).
Thomas McEvilley, ‘Report from Johannesburg: Towards a World-Class
City?’, Art in America, vol. 83, no. 9, September 1995, pp. 45–7, 49.
David McNeill, ‘Planet Art: Resistances and Afﬁrmation in the Wake of
‘‘9/11’’ ’, Australian and New Zealand Journal of Art, vol. 3, no. 2,
2002, pp. 11–32.
Charles Merewether, ‘Naming Violence in the Work of Doris Salcedo’,
Third Text, no. 24, Autumn 1993, pp. 31–44.
Gao Minglu, ‘Extensionality and Intentionality in a Transnational
Cultural System’, Art Journal, vol. 57, no. 4, Winter 1998, pp. 36–9.
Gerardo Mosquera, ‘New Cuban Art Y2K’, in Block (ed.), Art Cuba: The
New Generation, tr. Cola Franzen/Marguerite Feitlowitz (New York:
Harry N. Abrams Inc., 2001), p. 13.
Moderna Musset, Organising Freedom: Nordic Art of the ‘90s
(Stockholm, 2000).
Tom Patchett (ed.), Most Art Sucks: Five Years of Coagula (Santa
Monica: Smart Art Press, 1998).
Katya Sander and Simon Sheikh (eds.), We Are All Normal (and We
Want Our Freedom): A Collection of Contemporary Nordic Artists’
Writings (London: Black Dog Publishing, 2001), p. 70.
Måns Wrange, ‘To Change the World: On Statistical Averages, the Art of
Social Engineering and Political Lobbying’, in Sander and Sheikh, We
Are All Normal. See also www.averagecitizen.org
Slavoj Z̆ižek, ‘Multiculturalism, or, the Cultural Logic of Multinational
Capitalism’, New Left Review, no. 225, September–October 1997,
pp. 28–51.
Chapter 3: Consuming culture
Theodor W. Adorno, Negative Dialectics, tr. E. B. Ashton (London:
Routledge, 1973).
Theodor W. Adorno, ‘Free Time’, in The Culture Industry: Selected
Essays on Mass Culture, ed. J. M. Bernstein (London: Routledge,
1991).
138

139

References

Benjamin H. D. Buchloh, ‘Moments of History in the Work of Dan
Graham’ and ‘Parody and Appropriation in Picabia, Pop, and Polke’,
in Neo-Avantgarde and Culture Industry: Essays on European and
American Art from 1955 to 1975, October, Cambridge, Mass. 2000.
Claude Closky, www.sittes.net/links
Dallas Museum of Art and Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York,
Thomas Struth, 1977–2002, Dallas 2002.
Diedrich Diedrichsen, ‘The Boundaries of Art Criticism: Academicism,
Visualism and Fun’, in Jürgen Bock (ed.), From Work to Text:
Dialogues on Practise and Criticism in Contemporary Art (Lisbon:
Fundaçaõ Centro Cultural de Belém, 2002).
Marcel Duchamp, ‘Apropos of ‘‘Ready-mades’’ ’, in Michel Sanouillet
and Elmer Peterson (eds.), The Essential Writings of Marcel
Duchamp (London: Thames and Hudson, 1975).
Thomas Frank and Matt Weiland (eds.), Commodify Your Dissent:
Salvos from The Bafﬂer (New York: W. W. Norton, 1997).
Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri, Empire (Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard
University Press, 2000), p. 150.
Fredric Jameson, Postmodernism or, the Cultural Logic of Late
Capitalism (London: Verso, 1991), chapter 1.
Naomi Klein, No Logo: Taking Aim at the Brand Bullies (London:
Flamingo, 2000).
Fernand Léger, ‘The Machine Aesthetic: The Manufactured Object, the
Artisan, and the Artist’ (1924), in Functions of Painting, ed. Edward
F. Fry (London: Thames and Hudson, 1973).
Karl Marx, Grundrisse: Foundations of the Critique of Political
Economy (Rough Draft), tr. Martin Nicolaus (Harmondsworth,
Middlesex: Penguin Books, 1973).
Karl Marx, Capital: A Critique of Political Economy, Volume I, tr. Ben
Fowkes (Harmondsworth, Middlesex: Penguin Books, 1976),
pp. 176–7.
Vladimir Mayakovsky, ‘Broadening the Verbal Basis’, Lef, no. 10, 1927;
reprinted in Anna Lawton, (ed.), Russian Futurism through Its
Manifestoes, 1912–1928 (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1988).
Martha Rosler, ‘Video: Shedding the Utopian Moment’, in Doug Hall
and Sally Jo Fifer (eds.), Illuminating Video: An Essential Guide to

Contemporary Art

Video Art (New York: Aperture/Bay Area Video Coalition, 1990),
p. 49.
Dan Schiller, Digital Capitalism: Networking the Global Market System
(Cambridge, Mass.: The MIT Press, 1999).
Susan Sontag, ‘Notes on ‘‘Camp’’ ’, in Against Interpretation [1961]
(London: Vintage, 1994).
Tate Liverpool, Shopping: A Century of Art and Consumer Culture, ed.
Christoph Grunenberg/Max Hollein (Ostﬁldern-Ruit: Hatje Cantz
Publishers, 2002).
Walker Art Center, Let’s Entertain: Life’s Guilty Pleasures
(Minneapolis, 2000).
Andy Warhol, The Philosophy of Andy Warhol (From A to B & Back
Again) (New York: Harcourt, Brace, Jovanovich, 1975).
Renate Wiehager (ed.), Sylvie Fleury (Osﬁldern-Ruit: Cantz,
1999).
Joann Wypijewski, Painting by Numbers: Komar and Melamid’s
Scientiﬁc Guide to Art (New York: Farrar, Straus, and Giroux,
1997).
Chapter 4: Uses and prices of art
Hans Abbing, Why Are Artists Poor? The Exceptional Economy
of the Arts (Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press, 2002),
p. 286.
Alexander Alberro, Conceptual Art and the Politics of Publicity
(Cambridge, Mass.: The MIT Press, 2003).
Walter Benjamin, The Arcades Project, tr. Howard Eiland and Kevin
McLaughlin (Cambridge, Mass.: The Belknap Press of Harvard
University Press, 1999).
Ernst Bloch, The Utopian Function of Art and Literature: Selected
Essays, tr. Jack Zipes/Frank Mecklenburg (Cambridge, Mass.: The
MIT Press, 1988), p. 187.
Pierre Bourdieu and Alain Darbel, The Love of Art: European Art
Museums and Their Public, tr. Caroline Beattie/Nick Merriman
(Cambridge: Polity Press, 1991).
Kim Bradley, ‘The Deal of the Century’, Art in America, vol. 85, no. 7,
July 1997, pp. 48–55, 105–6.
140

141

References

Robert Brenner, The Boom and the Bubble: The US in the Global
Economy (London: Verso, 2001).
Benjamin Buchloh, ‘Critical Reﬂections’, Artforum, vol. 35, no. 5,
January 1997, pp. 68–9, 102.
Timothy Cone, ‘Regulating the Art Market’, Arts Magazine, vol. 64,
no. 7, March 1990, pp. 21–2.
Neil Cummings and Marysia Lewandowska, The Value of Things
(Basel: Birkhäuser, 2000).
Deutsche Guggenheim, Jeff Koons: Easyfun and Ethereal (Berlin,
2000), p. 56.
Adrian Ellis, ‘Museum Boom Will Be Followed by Bust’, The Art
Newspaper, no. 116, July–August 2001, p. 14.
Coco Fusco, The Bodies That Were Not Ours and Other Writings
(London: inIVA/Routledge, 2001).
Liam Gillick, Literally No Place: Communes, Bars and Greenrooms
(London: Book Works, 2002).
Kassel, Internationale Austellung, Documenta IX (Stuttgart: Edition
Cantz, 1992).
Naomi Klein, No Logo: Taking Aim at the Brand Bullies (London:
Flamingo, 2000).
Niklas Luhmann, Art as a Social System, tr. Eva M. Knodt
(Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2000), p. 145.
Cynthia MacMullin, ‘The Inﬂuence of Bi-Nationalism on the Art and
Economy of Contemporary Mexico’, in Deichtorhallen Hamburg, Art
and Economy, ed. Zdenek Felix/Beate Hentschel/Dirk Luckow
(Ostﬁldern-Ruit: Hatje Cantz, 2002).
Neil De Marchi and Craufurd D. W. Goodwin, Economic Engagements
with Art (Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1999).
Mark W. Rectanus, Culture Incorporated: Museums, Artists and
Corporate Sponsorships (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press,
2002).
Howard Singerman, Art Subjects: Making Artists in the American
University (Berkeley: University of California Press,
1999).
Leo Steinberg, Other Criteria: Confrontations with Twentieth-Century
Art (New York: Oxford University Press, 1972).

Contemporary Art

Peter Watson, From Manet to Manhattan: The Rise of the Modern Art
Market (London: Hutchinson, 1992).
Whitechapel Art Gallery, Liam Gillick: The Wood Way (London, 2002),
p. 5.
Chin-tao Wu, Privatising Culture: Corporate Art Intervention since the
1980s (London: Verso, 2001).
Chapter 5: The rules of art now
Pierre Bourdieu, The Rules of Art: Genesis and Structure of the Literary
Field (Cambridge: Polity Press, 1996).
Arthur C. Danto, After the End of Art: Contemporary Art and the
Pale of History (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press,
1997).
Diedrich Diedrichsen, ‘The Boundaries of Art Criticism: Academicism,
Visualism and Fun’, in Jürgen Bock (ed.), From Work to Text:
Dialogues on Practise and Criticism in Contemporary Art (Lisbon:
Fundaçaõ Centro Cultural de Belém, 2002).
Hal Foster, Design and Crime (and Other Diatribes) (London: Verso,
2002), pp. 124, 12, and 15.
Francis Fukuyama, The End of History and the Last Man (New York:
The Free Press, 1992).
Renée Green, ‘Introductory Notes of a Reader and ‘‘A Contemporary
Moment’’ ’, in Jürgen Bock (ed.), From Work to Text, p. 248.
Dave Hickey, Air Guitar: Essays on Art and Democracy (Los Angeles:
Art Issues Press, 1997), pp. 21, 71, and 107.
Dave Hickey (curator), Beau Monde: Toward a Redeemed
Cosmopolitanism (Site Santa Fe’s Fourth International Biennial,
2002), p. 79.
David Hume, ‘An Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding’, in On
Human Nature and the Understanding, ed. Antony Flew (London:
Collier, 1962).
Thomas McEvilley, Art and Otherness: Crisis in Cultural Identity
(Documentext/McPherson, 1992), pp. 12 and 145.
Museum of Modern Art, ‘Primitivism’ in Twentieth Century Art:
Afﬁnity of the Tribal and the Modern (New York, 1984).
Meyer Schapiro, ‘The Sculptures of Souillac’, in Medieval Studies in
142

Memory of A. Kingsley Porter, ed. Wilhelm R. W. Koehler
(Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 1939).
Howard Singerman, Art Subjects: Making Artists in the American
University (Berkeley: University of California Press, 1999), p. 186.
Robert Venturi, Denise Scott Brown, and Steven Izenour, Learning
from Las Vegas: The Forgotten Symbolism of Architectural Form
(Cambridge, Mass.: The MIT Press, 1977).
Paul Virilio, Art and Fear, tr. Julie Rose (London: Continuum, 2003).

143

References

Chapter 6: Contradictions
Theodor W. Adorno, Aesthetic Theory, tr. Robert Hullot-Kentor
(Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1997).
Matthew Arnatt and Matthew Collings, Documenta 11 (London:
Artswords Press, 2002), pp. 10–11 and 12.
Rachel Baker: http://www.irational.org/tm/archived/tesco/front2.html
Walter Benjamin, ‘The Author as Producer’ (1934), in Selected Writings,
Volume 2, 1927–1934, ed. Michael W. Jennings, Howard Eiland, and
Gary Smith (Cambridge, Mass.: The Belknap Press of Harvard
University Press, 1999).
Pierre Bourdieu, The Rules of Art: Genesis and Structure of the Literary
Field (Cambridge: Polity Press, 1996), p. 26.
Nicolas Bourriaud, Relational Aesthetics, tr. Simon Pleasance/Fronza
Woods (Dijon: Les Presses du réel, 2002).
Benjamin H. D. Buchloh, Neo-Avantgarde and Culture Industry:
Essays on European and American Art from 1955 to 1975, October,
Cambridge, Mass., 2000, p. 198.
Alexander Cockburn, Jeffrey St Clair, and Allan Sekula, Five Days that
Shook the World: Seattle and Beyond (London: Verso, 2000), p. 122.
Digital Hijack: http://146.228.204.72:8080/
eToys dispute: http://www.toywar.com/
Paul Garrin, Name.Space: http://name.space.xs2.net/
Serge Guilbaut, How New York Stole the Idea of Modern Art: Abstract
Expressionism, Freedom, and the Cold War, tr. Arthur Goldhammer
(Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1983).
Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri, Empire (Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard
University Press, 2000).

Contemporary Art

Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, The German Ideology (Amherst, NY:
Prometheus Books, 1998).
Leo Steinberg, Other Criteria: Confrontations with Twentieth-century
Art (New York: Oxford University Press, 1972), p. xv.
Paul Virilio, Art and Fear, tr. Julie Rose (London: Continuum,
2003).

144

Index

history 115
modernization 85–8
online 54, 55, 86, 101, 129,
131–2
politics and 10–14, 77, 111,
121–3, 127–8, 131–4
production 96
reproducibility of 71–2, 85,
86, 129
social cohesion 89, 94
students 79, 106
uniformity 101–9
as university discipline 81
viewers of 3, 42–3, 109, 117,
120–3, 124, 132
writing on 109–18
Art and Language (conceptual
artist group) 103–4
art market 63, 70–9, 81, 114
corporate collectors 87–8
international trade 3–4
US global dominance 125
Art on the Net 132
Artforum 110
artists 2–3, 24, 88, 101, 115, 128
art market and 78–9
brand recognition 97
celebrity 10, 93
in communist countries
38–47
consumerism 51–2
database 55
Internet 129–31
manual labour 71–2
Russian 37
Scandinavian 34–5
Third World 8
training 81
youth culture 58

A
Abbing, Hans 78, 79, 88
Abe, Stanley K. 44
Absolut adverts 89–90
Adorno, Theodor 55, 69, 135
advertisements 5, 42, 52, 68,
89, 97, 102
displacement 106
fashion and art 57–8
propaganda art 39–40
aesthetics 83–4, 119–24
Afrika, Sergei Bugaev 32–3,
120
Alberro, Alexander 87
Alÿs, Francis 76, 77
Amoris, Gabinete Ordo 105
Anglican Cathedral, Liverpool
19–20
anti-capitalist movement 122,
132–3
‘apartment art’ 45–6
Araeen, Rasheed 8
architecture 65, 67, 68, 83, 84,
96, 97, 98
Argentina 76
Armani, Giorgio 97
Arnatt, Matthew 127, 128
ARS 95, Helsinki 30
art 6–7, 99
advertising and 105–6
autonomy of 79–85, 134–5
commodiﬁcation of 55–65
conﬂicts within 126–35
critics 110–18
freedom of 1–7, 134–5
145

Bradley, Kim 96
Brancusi, Constantin 47
branding 54–5, 89, 96–100
Brecht, Bertolt 60
Brener, Alexander 37
Brenner, Robert 78
Buchloh, Benjamin 14, 61, 100,
131
Budney, Jen 27
Bulgakov, Mikhail 34
Burroughs, William 53
Busan Biennale, Korea 23

auction houses 71, 73–4, 77,
86–7
avant-garde 6, 35, 39, 44–5,
70, 102, 111, 131
Azcárraga, Emilio 76

Contemporary Art

B
B & Q (DIY stores) 97
Bäckström, Mariam 35–6
Bafﬂer, The (US magazine) 53
Baker, Rachel 129–31
Bank (London-based
collective) 88
Barbara Gladstone gallery,
New York 46
Barbican Gallery, London 89
Barney, Matthew 104
Baudrillard, Jean 57
beauty in contemporary art 12,
76, 110, 115–16, 118
Becher, Bernd and Hilla 65
Becker, Carol 28–9
Beecroft, Vanessa 58, 62, 120
Benjamin, Walter 84, 129
Berlin Biennale 23
Bhabha, Homi 24
biennales 10, 17, 20–4, 26–7,
32, 46, 91, 115, 127
Bijl, Guillaume, Shopping
exhibition 56–7, 62, 63
Bloch, Ernst 83
Bonami, Francesco 91
Bond, Anthony 20, 21
Bourdieu, Pierre 5, 80, 98, 117,
124, 134
Bourriaud, Nicolas 119, 120,
121, 123, 124
BP (British Petroleum) 92

C
Calderon, Miguel 76
capitalism 4–9, 30, 32, 33–4,
49, 54, 109, 118, 124, 132,
see also neoliberalism
cars 105–6
Castro, Fidel 39–41
Cattelan, Maurizio 105
censorship 39, 47, 48
Chapmans, Dinos and Jake 24
Chicago Museum of
Contemporary Art 95
Chin, Mel, Night Rap 11–12
China 7, 23, 37, 38, 41, 42,
43–5, 69
Chomsky, Noam 39
Clinton, Bill 13
Closky, Claude 55
Coagula (art magazine) 47
Cockburn, Alexander 132
collages 35
collective memory 19–20, 95,
109
collectors 87–8
Collings, Matthew 127–8
146

E
East Asia 9
economic recession 14–15, 16,
34, 52, 74–7, 96, 119
education 80–1, 115, 117
elitism 119, 126
Elliott, David 35
Ellis, Adrian 95
Emin, Tracey 97
Engels, Friedrich 112, 119
Enwezor, Okwui 26
Espacio Aglutinador, Havana
41
etoy (art collective) 129–30,
132
eToys 132
EU (European Union) 26

D
DAK’ART, Senegal 23
d’Amato, Alphonse 10
Danto, Arthur 24, 110–12, 117,
118
147

Index

David, Catherine 127
Davis, Douglas 11
Day, Corinne 57
De Marchi, Neil 72
dealers 71, 74, 86–7
deconstructionism 109
Delgado, Angel 39
democracy 114, 124, 132
Derrida, Jacques 5
Diedrichsen, Diedrich 115
digital photography 124
digital technology 54, 104, 129
Dijkstra, Rieneke 58
documentary ﬁlm 31, 33
Documentas 127–8
dot.com bubble 77, 78
drama 71
drawing 16
Duchamp, Marcel 61
dystopia 54

Colombia 19
commodiﬁcation 16, 51–2, 54,
55–65, 94–5, 99
communism 7, 34, 39, 84, 112
communist countries 37–49
conceptual art 55, 76, 87, 93,
102–4
Cone, Timothy 87
constructivism 34, 35, 42, 131
consumerism 38, 43, 45–6, 48,
51–7, 89, 99, 104–5, 132
corporations 83
collecting 87–8
copyright laws 130–1
culture 53–5
populism 82
propaganda 68
sponsorship 18, 23, 57, 89,
91–4, 97–8
transnational 9
uses of art 88–91, 100, 126
corruption 75, 77, 91, 124
Courbet, Gustave 6
Cuba 38–41, 42–3, 46–7, 105
Havana Biennial 23, 26, 28
Cummings, Neil and
Lewandowska, Marysia
89
curators 82, 85, 127, 128
international 23, 24, 26–7,
28
and obscenity laws 11

Germany 4, 7, 23, 52, 69, 78,
96, 127–8
Gillick, Liam 82–4, 120
global economy 2, 3–4, 7, 9–10
globalization 17, 18, 21, 26, 30,
37, 47, 118
Golden, Thelma 11
Gormley, Antony 104
government:
encouragement of populism
82
sponsorship 10–11, 34, 94,
114
uses of art 88, 89, 94–5,
98–9, 123, 126
Green, Renée 116–17
Greenberg, Clement 102, 112
Gu Wenda 43
Guevara, Che 121–2
Guggenheim franchise 95,
96–7
Guilbaut, Serge 125
Gursky, Andreas 65, 66, 68, 69

exchange-values 61–4

Contemporary Art

F
fan culture 58
fan literature 115
fashion industry 10, 57–61, 72,
91, 93, 97, 100
feminism 101
Figueroa, Eugenio Valdés 41
ﬁlm 2, 4, 31, 33, 120
ﬁne art 3, 7, 71, 79, 93, 100
Finland 30
Fisher, Jean 24–5
Flash Art (magazine) 82
Flaubert, Gustave 6, 134
Fleury, Sylvie 56, 57, 62, 105
Floodnet (political movement)
131–2
Foster, Hal 31, 111–12
France 3, 119–20
free trade 3, 4–5, 9, 34, 52–3,
76, 88, 109, 125
Frieze (art magazine) 47
Fukuyama, Francis 111, 118
Fusco, Coco 14, 28, 47, 76

H
Haacke, Hans 91, 93
Haaning, Jens 119
Hall, Stuart 24
Hanrou, Hou 25, 27
Hardt, Michael and Negri,
Antonio 52–3, 126, 131
Haring, Keith 91
Harvey, Marcus, Myra 127
Havana Biennial 23, 26, 28, 46
Hayward Gallery, London 8
Hegel, Georg Wilhelm
Friedrich 102, 111
Hickey, Dave 111, 113–17, 118

G
Galassi, Peter 68
Galeano, Eduardo 20
galleries 80, 87, 89, 97, 98, 99,
103, 115, 134
Gao Minglu 38, 45
Garrin, Paul 131
gay sexuality 11, 36
Geerlinks, Margi 124
Gehry, Frank 96
genetic modiﬁcation 120, 124
Georgina Starr 58
148

Istanbul Biennial 25–6

Hindley, Myra 126–7
Hirst, Damien 24, 88, 90
history 111, 113, 117
history painting 66
Höfer, Candida 65
Holocaust art 108
homophobia 11
Honert, Martin 69
Hong Kong 69
Houston Museum of Fine Arts
95
Hughes, Robert 12
Hugo Boss 57
humanism 38
Hume, David 108

J
Jameson, Fredric 48, 53
Japan 15, 23, 52, 69, 75, 78
Jarr, Alfredo 30
Jewish Museum, New York 108
Johannesburg Biennale 23,
26–7
Jones, Sarah 58

K

I
iconoclasm 126–7
identity politics 14, 35, 36, 47,
52, 101
ideology 83–4, 119
Ikea Corporate Museum 35–6
IMF (International Monetary
Fund) 9
individualism 53, 95
inﬂation 77
insider trading 87
installation art 16–17, 86, 101,
121
Chinese 44–5
Guggenheim, Bilbao 97
Russian 31, 32–3
internet art 54, 55, 86, 101,
129, 131–2
Interpol exhibition, Stockholm
(1996) 37
investment 74, 131
Iraq War 74

L
Lamsweerde, Inez van 124
Landers, Sean 58
Las Vegas 96, 114
law 79, 80
Léger, Fernand 51
Levinthal, David 91
Li Xianting 41
Libera, Zbigniev, Lego 106, 108
149

Index

Kac, Eduardo 124, 125
Kant, Immanuel 112
Kapoor, Anish 104
Kcho (Cuban artist) 43, 46
Keifer, Anselm 74
Kelley, Mike 69
Klein, Naomi 54, 89
Kolding, Jakob 35
Komar, Vitaly and Melamid,
Alexander 63
Koons, Jeff 72, 73, 88
Krens, Thomas 96
Kulik, Oleg, Dog 33, 37
Kwangju Biennial, South
Korea 23, 46

Metropolitan Museum of Art,
New York 68
Mexico 76–7
middle classes 89
migration 27, 30, 34, 36, 47
Mikhailov, Boris 31–2, 34
modernism 36, 46, 51, 66, 69,
70, 84, 111, 112
MOMA (Museum of Modern
Art), New York 11, 46, 68
Mori, Mariko 69
Mosquera, Gerardo 27, 39
multiculturalism 8, 29, 118
Muniz, Vik 21, 22, 91
Murakami, Takashi 88, 91
museums:
branding 96–100
commercialization of 17, 18,
23, 58
contemporary art 10
corporate sponsorship 89
expansion programmes
95–6
large-scale colour
photography 65
privatization of 47
visitors study 80, 115
music 2, 4, 71, 115

Lisson Gallery, London 103
literature 34, 115, 134
Liverpool 19–20, 56–7
Liverpool Biennial of
Contemporary Art 20–3
logos 89, 97, 98
Los Angeles County Museum
of Art 96
Los Carpinteros 43
Luhmann, Niklas 79–80

Contemporary Art

M
McDonald’s 55
McEvilley, Thomas 26, 110,
112–13, 117, 118
MacMullin, Cynthia 76
McNeill, David 37
Madonna 99
magazines 57–8, 59, 60, 82,
93
Mao Zedong 38, 41
Mapplethorpe, Robert,
The Perfect Moment
exhibition 11
Martinez, Rosa 23–4
Marx, Karl 5, 61, 64, 68, 112,
119
Mason, Raymond, Forward
127
mass culture 2, 4, 10, 17, 18, 53,
62, 63, 64, 99, 101, 115
mass production 68–9
Mayakovsky, Vladimir 61
media art 2, 62, 101, 104
Melgaard, Bjarne 36
memory 19–20, 33, 95, 109
Mercosur Biennial, Brazil 23
Merewether, Charles 20

N
NAFTA (North American Free
Trade Agreement) 76
Nation, The (magazine) 110
NEA (National Endowment
for the Arts) 11, 94
neoliberalism 9, 15, 26, 29, 52,
54, 76, 88, 125–7
in Russia 30
150

O
obscene artworks 10–11
Occam’s Razor 117
October (journal) 82
Oﬁli, Chris, Holy Virgin Mary
127
opera 71
Organising Freedom: Art of the
’90s exhibition (2000) 35
Orozco, Gabriel 76, 105, 106
Ortega, Damián 105
outsourcing 89
Owenzor, Okwui 127

P
paintings 16, 21, 63, 86, 91, 101
art market 75
Chinese 43
history 66
and photography 66, 68
Parreno, Philippe 120
patronage 63, 79, 95
performance art 1, 10, 16, 31,
33, 37, 58, 75
Peyton, Elizabeth 58
Pfeiffer, Paul 104, 105
Philip Morris (cigarette
company) 92, 93
photography 69, 71, 72, 120,
132–3
Aftermath series 21, 22
Cuban 41
digital 124
large-scale colour 65–8

R
race 27
racism 11–12
radicalism 64, 129
Rauschenberg, Robert 124
Ray, Charles 105
readymade objects 104–5
Reagan, Ronald 92
Rectanus, Mark 91, 92, 93
151

Index

and obscenity laws 10–12
Russian 31–2, 32–3
Scandinavian 35–6
technological innovation
85
youth 58–60
Pivi, Paola 105, 107
political art 10–14, 77, 111,
121–3, 127, 131–4
politics 36–7, 39, 43, 47, 60,
79, 80, 83, 92
Pompidou Centre, Paris 8
Pop Art 38, 41, 45, 102
populism 82
post-conceptual art 75
postmodernism 7, 8, 33, 41, 51,
52, 53–4, 55, 57, 69, 112,
117
Prada 57
Prague Biennial 23
‘Primitivism’ in Twentieth
Century Art exhibition
(1984) 111
printmaking 16, 101
privatization 9, 18, 47, 91–2
production 68–9, 96, 129, 131
propaganda 39–41, 43, 49, 125,
134

Scandinavia 34–5
Neto, Ernesto 21
Nike 93

Serrano, Andres, Piss Christ
10–11
Shanghai Biennale 23
Shapiro, Meyer 109
Sharjah Biennial 23
Sierra, Santiago 28, 29, 31
Singerman, Howard 81, 106
social democracy 34, 36, 52,
123
social inclusion 89, 94–5, 99
social interaction 120–4
Sontag, Susan 62
South Africa, Johannesburg
Biennale 23, 26–7
Southeast Asia 76
Soviet Union 7, 39, 131
Spain 95, 96
speculation 4, 74, 87
sponsorship 62
corporate 18, 23, 57, 89,
91–4, 97–8
government 10–11, 34, 94,
114
Stalbaum, Brett 131
Starr, Georgina 69
Steinberg, Leo 70, 124
Stiglitz, Joseph 9
Struth, Thomas 65, 66, 67, 68,
69
supply and demand 72–4, 114

Contemporary Art

Reemstma (tobacco company)
92
regionalism 125–6
regulation 9, 38
Rehberger, Tobias 102, 105
Reiss, Julie H. 16
religion 38
Richman, Jonathan 2
Rosenberg, Justin 9
Rosenblum, Robert 72
Rosler, Martha 53
Royal Society for the Arts 98
Ruff, Thomas 65, 67
Ruscha, Ed 91
Russia 9, 30–4, 35, 37, 61, 76
Russian Constructivism 42

S
Saar, Betye 14
Saatchi, Charles 87
St. Clair, Jeffrey 132
Salcedo, Doris 19, 20, 24
Sander, August 65
São Paulo Biennial 23
Sassoon, Donald 3
Scandinavia 34–7
Schiller, Dan 54
Schjeldahl, Peter 12
Schnabel, Julian 74
Scott, Giles Gilbert 19–20
sculpture 16, 19, 46, 86, 101,
103, 109
Sekula, Allan 132–3
Selfridges department store
89, 98
Sensation exhibition 127
September 11th terrorist
attacks (2001) 77

T
Tate:
branding 97
Britain 59, 92
Liverpool 56–7
Modern 21, 95, 98–9
Taylor-Wood, Sam 98, 110
152

technological innovation 54,
85–6, 104, 129
television 4, 36, 76
Teller, Jürgen 57
Thatcher, Margaret 91–2
Third Text (art journal) 24–5
Third World art 8
Tiananmen Square massacre
(1989) 44, 45
Tillmans, Wolfgang 59–61
Tiravanija, Rirkrit 120
Toirac, José Angel 39–41
tourism 21, 25, 28, 96, 97
Trace exhibition, Liverpool
Biennial (1999) 20
Turk, Gavin 121–2
Turkey 25–6
Turner Prize 59, 99

unilateralism 118, 119
utopianism 34, 35, 48, 54, 83,
84, 86, 112, 120, 122

U

Walker, Kara 14, 15
Wang Guangyi 38, 42
Wang Hongjian 43
Wang Jin 46
Warhol, Andy 62, 89, 91,
110–11
Watson, Peter 74, 75
Wenda, Gu 37
Whitney Museum of American
Art 11, 96
Wolf, Michael 69
World Bank 9
World Trade Organisation 9
Wrange, Måns, The Average
Citizen project 36–7
Wu, Chin-tao 87, 91, 92

V
van der Rohe, Mies 66
Venice Biennale 32, 91
Venturi, Robert 117
video art 53, 58, 62, 64–5, 71,
77, 85–6, 91, 120
installation art 16, 33
projections 28
reproducible 72
Viola, Bill 2, 58, 104
Virilio, Paul 119–20, 123–4
Vuitton, Louis 91

unemployment 34
United Arab Emirates 23
United Kingdom 3, 4
ﬁne art students 79
Labour Party’s use of art 94
privatization of art 91–2
United States
art critics 110–18
art market 3–4
corporate collecting 88
corporate sponsorship 92
economy 76, 77–8
hegemony 8, 13, 48, 125
NEA (National Endowment
for the Arts) 11, 94
political art 10–14, 75
relations with Cuba 38, 41,
47

X
Xu Bing 43, 44–5, 47
153

Index

W

Z

Yokohama Triennale 23
youth culture 10, 58–60, 93,
122

Zheng Yi 43
Z̆Ižek, Slavoj 47

Contemporary Art

Y

154

