The Roman Empire: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES
Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION
Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves

JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
Philosophy of
law Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller

POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone

SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HUMAN MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
RACISM Ali Rattansi

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

Christopher Kelly

THE ROMAN
EMPIRE
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Christopher Kelly 2006
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2006
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 0–19–280391–3 978–0–19–280391–7
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press, Gosport, Hants

Contents

Acknowledgements viii
List of illustrations ix
Introduction

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

1

Conquest 4
Imperial power
Collusion

23

42

History wars

61

Christians to the lions
Living and dying
Rome revisited

78

95
114

Map: The Roman world in the late 2nd century AD 136
Chronology 138
Further reading 141
Index

147

Acknowledgements

To George Miller whose idea this ﬁrst was; to Mary Beard and
John Henderson who gave such valuable advice at its inception; to
Marsha Filion, Justin Pollard, and Helen Morales who helped it on
its way; to Tony and Jan Leaver, Zachary Watts, Richard Flower,
and Caroline Vout who greatly improved it; to James Thompson
and Luciana O’Flaherty who saw it safely through to the end.

List of illustrations

1

Arch of Titus

13

Alinari Archives, Florence

2 Trajan’s Column

8 Theatre, Lepcis Magna,
inscription of Annobal
Tapapius Rufus
53

16

© Ancient Art & Architecture
Collection

Professor David Mattingley

9 Hunt mosiac of Magerius
from Smirat, Tunisia 56

3 Aerial view of Masada 18

Deutsches Archäologisches
Institut, Rome

www.masada2000.org

4 Claudius and
Britannia relief from
Aphrodisias

10

11

5 Apotheosis of Antoninus
Pius and Faustina
29
Deutsches Archäologisches
Institut, Rome

6 Nero and Agrippina,
relief from
Aphrodisias

58

© Roger Wood/Corbis

27

Ashmoleon Museum, Oxford

Virgil and the Muses
from Sousse, Tunisia
Olympieion and the
Acropolis

63

© Ancient Art & Architecture
Collection

12

The Parthenon and
Temple of Rome and
Augustus

68

Museum of Classical
Archaeology, Cambridge,
slide collection

40

Ashmoleon Museum, Oxford

13
7 Market place, Lepcis
Magna
© Peter M. Wilson/Corbis

52

Arch of Hadrian with
view through to
Olympieion
© Bildarchiv Foto Marburg

77

14

Cross-section of the
Colosseum, Rome

80

© Proﬁle Images

15

Grafﬁto from the
Palatine

© Vladimir Korostyshevskiy/
Stockphoto

87
21

© Time Life Pictures/Getty
Images

16

Ground-plan of the
House of Menander,
Pompeii

96

House of Menander,
view from the atrium 97
From R. Ling, The Insula of the
Menander at Pompeii, Vol. I: The
Structures, Oxford University
Press, 1997

18

House of Menander, the
Trojan Horse
99

22 Albert Speer, scale model
of Germania, the new
Berlin
127
© ullstein bild, Berlin

23 Nero (Peter Ustinov)
shows his court his plans
for a new Rome
129
© MGM/bﬁ Collections

24 Rome reconstructed
according to Ridley Scott,
Gladiator (2000)
131
© Dreamworks/Universal/The
Kobal Collection

Deutsches Archäologisches
Institut, Rome

19

William Bell Scott, The
Building of the Roman
Wall
119
© National Trust Picture Library/
Derrick E. Witty

From R. Ling, The Insula of the
Menander at Pompeii, Vol. I: The
Structures, Oxford University
Press, 1997

17

20 Thomas Thornycroft,
Boadicea, Embankment,
London
116

Model Life Table, West
level 3, Female
105
From A. J. Coale and P. Demeany,
Regional Model Life Tables and
Stable Populations, Princeton
University Press, 1983

25

Munsingwear
advertisement for
Quo Vadis boxer
shorts

134

University of Southern California
Cinema-Television Archive

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

Introduction

The Roman empire was a remarkable achievement. At its height,
in the 2nd century AD, it had a population of around 60 million
people spread across 5 million square kilometres (roughly 20 times
the area of the United Kingdom). Then the empire stretched from
Hadrian’s Wall in drizzle-soaked northern England to the sunbaked banks of the Euphrates in Syria; from the great RhineDanube river system, which snaked across the fertile, ﬂat lands of
Europe from the Low Countries to the Black Sea, to the rich plains
of the North African coast and the luxuriant gash of the Nile valley
in Egypt. The empire completely encircled the Mediterranean. This
was the Romans’ internal lake, complacently referred to by its
conquerors as mare nostrum – ‘our sea’.
This book aims (brieﬂy) to explore some signiﬁcant aspects of this
imperial super-state. Its approach is resolutely thematic; not
through any dislike of chronology (see pp. 138–140), but because
there are already a good number of useful accounts both of the
narrative history of the Roman empire and of the reigns of
individual emperors. This book takes a different path across the
same territory. Chapter 1 looks at the brutal process of conquest, at
the establishment of empire, and at the Romans’ sense of their own
imperial mission. Chapter 2 considers the presentation of imperial
power: it looks at emperors both as gods (in the promotion of the
imperial cult) and as men (in the often unﬂattering histories of
1

The Roman Empire

Suetonius and Tacitus). Chapter 3 shifts perspective in order to
understand the workings of empire from the point of view of the
privileged elites in the cities of the Mediterranean. It was these
wealthy men – rather than some vast imperial administration – who
were principally responsible for the orderly government of the
provinces.
Chapter 4 exploits some of the less well-known literature of the
2nd century AD, written by Greeks under Roman rule. These are
precious texts. They offer a sense – rarely recoverable for premodern empires – of how those who were conquered sought to
establish an identity in a new imperial world. In the Roman empire
disputes about the present were often conducted through debates
about the past. History-writing was not an isolated, academic
exercise; rather, it directly engaged with the language of politics and
power. The present may have been resolutely Roman, but the past
was still to be fought over.
Chapter 5 turns to consider the growth of the most important group
of outsiders in the Roman empire. Christians and their faith were
fundamentally shaped by their experiences on the margins of
society. By contrast, Chapter 6 offers an insider view, seeking to
establish some sense of what it might have been like to live and die
in the towns and ﬁelds of this huge pre-industrial empire. Chapter
7, the ﬁnal chapter, looks back at Rome from three modern
perspectives: from the British empire in the decade before the First
World War, from the fascist Italy of Mussolini, and from Hollywood.
These views are important. In a number of signiﬁcant (and
sometimes surprising) ways, they still determine how, at the
beginning of the 21st century, the Roman empire is both imagined
and judged. Certainly, it is one of the privileges of the present to be
able to look back selectively at the past. But equally – as with this
Very Short Introduction – it is always important to be aware of that
selectivity.
This book concentrates on the Roman empire at the peak of its
2

prosperity. For the most part, it focuses on two centuries, roughly 31
BC to AD 192: from the victory of the future emperor Augustus over
Antony and Cleopatra at the Battle of Actium to the assassination of
the emperor Commodus. (Although Chapter 1 looks back to the
Punic Wars, and Chapter 5 brieﬂy looks forward to the beginning of
the 4th century AD, in order to conclude with the conversion of
Constantine, the ﬁrst Roman emperor publicly to support
Christianity.)

3

Introduction

The principal concern of the following chapters is to understand
Rome’s achievement in establishing and maintaining one of the
largest world empires, and the only one to have embraced northern
Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa. That success in itself
demands a rich and complex explanation. Only then is it possible to
begin to understand the reasons for the subsequent weakening of
Roman power, the eventual break-up of the empire in the West into
barbarian kingdoms, and the gradual emergence of Byzantium in
the East. These themes run far beyond the compass of this book.
The best account of that ‘awful revolution’ remains the magisterial
treatment of Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of
the Roman Empire (London, 1776–1788). But the unwary
enthusiast should take note: at six substantial volumes, it was never
Gibbon’s intention to offer anything approaching a very short
introduction.

Chapter 1
Conquest

Expansion and survival
Rome was a warrior state. Its vast empire had been hard won in a
series of ﬁercely fought campaigns. In the 4th century BC Rome –
then an unremarkable city – secured its survival through a complex
network of alliances with surrounding peoples. A series of victories
allowed the Romans to establish their own territory along the Tiber
valley and to expand their sphere of inﬂuence southwards into
Campania (around the Bay of Naples). This was a slow process of
gradual advance and steady consolidation. Notable breakthroughs
came with the defeat of the Samnites in 295 BC (leading to the
extension of Roman control into central Italy) and the thwarted
invasion of Pyrrhus, the ruler of Epirus, a kingdom on the Adriatic
coast of Greece. In 280 BC Pyrrhus landed his army at Tarentum
(modern Taranto on the ‘heel’ of Italy); despite initial success, he
was unable to force a Roman surrender. After ﬁve years’
campaigning in Sicily and southern Italy, rather than stretch his
limited resources and risk defeat, Pyrrhus withdrew.
By the middle of the 3rd century BC, most of the Italian peninsula
was under Roman control. In the next hundred years the Romans
and their allies challenged the North African city of Carthage, the
dominant power in the western Mediterranean. A ﬂeet of merchant
ships guaranteed Carthage’s continued prosperity and international
4

An uneasy peace lasted little more than 20 years. In the Second
Punic War (218–201 BC), the great Carthaginian general Hannibal,
in one of the most daring and imaginative military campaigns in the
ancient world, marched his army of 50,000 men, 9,000 cavalry, and
37 elephants from Spain, across southern France, and over the Alps
into Italy. Fewer than half the men survived the journey. Seven
months later, in May 217, in the early morning mist, Hannibal
trapped the Roman general Flaminius and his troops at Lake
Trasimene in Umbria, killing 15,000 men. The following year he
nearly wiped out the Roman army at Cannae in Apulia. This was the
severest defeat ever inﬂicted on the Romans. In one battle they lost
50,000 men: the highest death-toll for an army in a single day’s
ﬁghting in the history of European warfare. And unlike the
casualties at the Somme, the Roman soldiers at Cannae fell in
hand-to-hand combat, their corpses piled high across a bloody
plain.
Hannibal occupied Italy for 15 years. Under the command of Fabius
5

Conquest

inﬂuence: sailing east to Egypt and Lebanon to trade in luxury
goods; north, perhaps as far as Britain, to purchase tin; and south
along the African coast to bring back ivory and gold. Against
this threatening rival, three long conﬂicts – known as the Punic
Wars – stretched the Romans to their limits. The immediate cause
of the First Punic War (264–241 BC) was a dispute over Sicily. The
Romans regarded the escalating Carthaginian military presence on
the island as a direct threat to their own security. Yet no serious
opposition could be offered without an effective means to counter
Carthage’s command of the seas. The Romans, whose victories in
Italy had been based on the superiority of their army, were forced to
build a permanent navy. Soldiers were hurriedly retrained as sailors.
Later tradition would claim that skilled carpenters had copied the
construction of an enemy vessel which had run aground, building
100 ships in 60 days. In the end, this risky strategy paid off. In 241
BC, after 23 years of bitter warfare, the Romans were ﬁnally able to
enforce a complete Carthaginian withdrawal.

The Roman Empire

Maximus – admiringly nicknamed Cunctator, ‘the Delayer’ – the
Romans and their allies deliberately avoided pitched battles.
Instead, they burned their own crops and retreated to fortiﬁed
towns. Slowly starved by this scorched-earth policy, and harried by
Roman raiding parties, Hannibal’s army was forced to abandon the
campaign. The Romans were victorious, but not for a long decade
after Cannae. It was not until 202 that Hannibal, recalled to defend
Carthage, was defeated at the battle of Zama (in modern Tunisia) by
Scipio Africanus. Sixty years later a revived Rome returned to
eliminate a much weakened and demoralized Carthage. The Third
Punic War (149–146 BC) ended with the complete destruction of
the city. Its buildings were systematically levelled and most of its
50,000 surviving inhabitants enslaved.
Expansion westward into Spain and North Africa was matched by
war in the East. By 146 BC – the year in which both Carthage and
Corinth were sacked – all the major cities in the Balkan peninsula
were subject to Rome. In the following century, after a series of
difﬁcult campaigns, Asia Minor was ﬁnally secured; in the 60s the
successful general Pompey ‘the Great’ annexed Syria; in the 50s
Julius Caesar conquered Gaul (from the Pyrenees in southern
France to the Rhine); in 31 BC his adopted son Octavian defeated
Cleopatra VII, the last independent ruler of Egypt. That victory in a
naval battle off Actium in north-western Greece brought the
greatest prize. Egypt, the oldest and wealthiest kingdom in the
Mediterranean, was now fully part of the Roman empire.
In the wars against Carthage and in the East Rome’s traditional,
republican system of government had worked tolerably well.
Indeed, the 2nd century BC, with its string of military conquests, is
conventionally regarded as the apogee of the Roman Republic. Yet,
in some ways, ‘Republic’ is a misleading term. It risks implying – at
least for modern readers – too great a degree of popular
participation in politics. (This is not an ancient difﬁculty; the Latin
res publica is best translated simply as ‘affairs of state’.) The Roman
Republic was an unabashed plutocracy; the citizen-body was
6

carefully graded according to stringent property qualiﬁcations. In
turn, this classiﬁcation regulated voting rights: all adult male
citizens were enfranchised, but a system of electoral colleges
guaranteed that the rich, if united, would always be able to
out-vote the poor. In addition, the heavy costs of electioneering
and ofﬁce-holding ensured that all who were most prominent in
government were themselves personally wealthy.

The republican constitution also imposed a deliberate restraint on
any ambitious individual. Above all, it prevented the long-term
concentration of political or military authority in the hands of
victorious generals. The true test of a great man – at least for
Roman moralists – was not his ability to achieve high ofﬁce, but his
open-handed willingness to relinquish it. When Rome was ﬁrst
struggling to establish itself in Italy, one of its most important
battles was won under the leadership of Quinctius Cincinnatus.
Cincinnatus (so the story goes) had been loath to leave his ﬁelds and
7

Conquest

Under this tightly oligarchic constitution two consuls – the most
powerful ofﬁcials in the state – were elected each year. Only those
who had held the praetorship (the next most senior magistracy) and
were at least 42 years old were permitted to stand. During his term
in ofﬁce a consul might expect an important military command
which could then be extended for further annual terms. At the
expiry of his stint in the ﬁeld, an ex-consul relinquished his
commission and returned to the Senate, not a directly elected body,
but rather an advisory council made up of all those who had held
senior magistracies. This pattern of annual ofﬁce-holding, agerestricted eligibility, and time-limited military commands enforced
some degree of collective power-sharing amongst the Roman ruling
elite. In the late 3rd and 2nd centuries BC about half the consuls
came from ten extended families; an indication not only of the
stable dominance of a small hereditary group, but also of a
considerable degree of ﬂuidity outside this core. Men without recent
senatorial ancestry – or none at all – regularly reached the Senate in
large numbers.

The Roman Empire

interrupt his ploughing in order to raise an army. Even more
celebrated than his lack of enthusiasm for high ofﬁce, was
Cincinnatus’ refusal to extend his command. Turning his back on
the possibility of continued power, he returned to his smallholding
and to his plough.
Despite such outstanding exemplars, some of the generals
responsible for annexing the richest parts of the Mediterranean
proved increasingly reluctant to retire. For these men the tale of
Cincinnatus held no moral force. In the end, the restrictions on the
exercise of power imposed by the constitution of a republican citystate proved too weak to withstand the extensive ambitions of
empire. In the 1st century BC a series of conquering commanders
were determined to exploit their success. They held consulships
well below the minimum age; they compelled the Senate to renew
their military commissions; they relied on the personal loyalty of
their troops and the threat of violence to enforce their continued
active involvement in politics. When Julius Caesar completed his
tour of duty in Gaul he refused to stand down, as he was
constitutionally required to do. In January 49, at the head of his
army of veterans battle-hardened after eight years of campaigning,
he crossed the River Rubicon (which marked the southern
territorial limit of his command) and marched on Rome. It was now
clear that Caesar’s authority rested on military might. Some were
prepared to oppose this coup d’état, and by equally illegal means.
Caesar’s assassination ﬁve years later, on the Ides of March 44 BC,
need not be seen as a virtuous bid for liberty on the part of Brutus
and Cassius. (Shakespeare’s version should be put ﬁrmly to one
side.) It was rather a brutal attempt by one oligarchic faction to
wrench political control away from a rival.
The result was two decades of civil war. Brutus and Cassius were
defeated by an alliance of Mark Antony (one of Caesar’s closest
associates) and Octavian (Caesar’s adopted son). In turn, this fragile
partnership collapsed. Antony sought help in Egypt and the support
of its ruler, Cleopatra. That was a shrewd move. The wealth of Egypt
8

might be used to fund a war against Octavian; its most important
city, Alexandria on the Nile delta, might become a new capital for an
eastern Roman empire. These were serious propositions. It is
Octavian’s slanderous attacks which presented Mark Antony as a
drunken, lovesick incompetent caught in the sexual snares of a
sensuous Egyptian queen. Such derogatory inventions are the
prerogative of the victorious. The destruction of the Egyptian ﬂeet
at Actium in 31 BC and Antony’s suicide the following year secured
Octavian’s position and smeared his rival’s reputation. Under the
newly fabricated title of Augustus – ‘the divinely favoured one’ –
Octavian’s command of the riches and military resources of empire
allowed him to establish his family as the unchallenged rulers of the
Mediterranean world.

From that point of view, the transﬁguration of Octavian into
Augustus – the successful conversion of a warlord into an emperor –
was less a fracturing of the fundamental nature of Roman politics
than the hard-fought reorganization of power amongst a highly
competitive oligarchy. The real Roman revolution was the founding
of an empire under the Republic. It is perhaps unsurprising too that
after Augustus the acquisition of new territories was strictly limited.
Campaigns in Britain, Dacia (roughly modern Romania), and
Mesopotamia were led by emperors themselves. Other military
commands were strictly controlled; potential competitors, even
9

Conquest

The rapid growth of the Roman empire from the mid 2nd century
BC was itself the cause of the establishment of a dynastic monarchy
just over a century later. But it would be over-hasty to see that shift
as the replacement of freedom by autocracy or of independence by
tyranny. Under the emperors, from Augustus on, Roman politics
was dominated by privileged families who competed, as they had
always done, for the spoils of empire. What had changed was
how that rivalry might be regulated and how those at court close
to an emperor might seek to embrace or exclude those in the
provinces whose wealth demanded their incorporation into a new
empire-wide aristocracy.

within the imperial household, were carefully policed. This was a
severe lesson in risk management well learned. As the vicious civil
wars of the 1st century BC had starkly demonstrated, the glittering
prizes of Mediterranean conquest might have made even a
Cincinnatus hesitate to return to his plough.

The Roman Empire

Shock and awe
The expansion of a small city-state into an imperial superpower is
by any measure an impressive transformation. Rome’s empire was
secured by an immense military effort which far surpassed any of its
opponents, particularly after the defeat of Hannibal. In the 2nd
century BC, in order to ﬁeld an army of around 130,000 men, the
Romans not only depended heavily on their Italian allies, but also
enlisted around 13% of their own adult male citizens. The call-up
fell disproportionately on the young. To sustain an army of such a
size required the regular enrolment of 60% of all 17-year-olds for
seven years. In other words, over half of all Roman male citizens
might expect to serve in the army until their mid-20s. These are
extraordinary statistics. A similar commitment of human resources
would not be seen again in pre-industrial Europe until the armies of
Frederick the Great of Prussia and Napoleon, and then only for a
fraction of the two centuries (from the Punic Wars to Actium) of
Rome’s conquest of the Mediterranean world. To give some rough
order of magnitude: to match the Roman investment in military
manpower, the modern USA would need to maintain a standing
army of just under 13 million serving soldiers, well over ten times its
current strength.
This huge military establishment created its own dynamic. In its
rigorous discipline, in the superior quality of its weapons, and in the
campaign experience of its troops, the Roman army exploited the
advantages of scale and repeated success. Victory yielded huge
quantities of booty. In turn, the riches plundered from defeated
enemies, supplemented with revenue from provincial taxation,
funded the heavy cost of continued conquest. The wealth generated
10

by Rome’s wars in the eastern Mediterranean was fabled. In 50
years (200–150 BC) the rough equivalent in value of over 30 metric
tons of gold was seized. The consolidation of Roman power in Asia
Minor and the annexation of Syria meant that even these sums
could be exceeded. In 62 BC the victorious Pompey returned from
the East with booty worth nearly 70 tons of gold. Fifteen years later,
the glut of gold extracted by Julius Caesar from Gaul caused the
price to drop sharply.

The zenith of a Roman political career was a triumphal procession
through the streets of the capital, the only time a commander could
legitimately lead men under arms into Rome. In June AD 71, the
emperor Vespasian and his son Titus celebrated their brutal
suppression of a Jewish revolt. In late summer 70, Titus had
besieged and captured Jerusalem. Herod’s great Temple was sacked
and its inner sanctum, the Holy of Holies, despoiled. Sacred vessels,
the gold offering table, the great seven-branched candlestick
(menorah), silver trumpets, and the scrolls of the law (torah) were
taken back to Rome and paraded through the streets. Ten years
later, in AD 81, that moment of exaltation over a vanquished people
11

Conquest

The acquisition of empire was nowhere more loudly acclaimed than
in Rome itself. The centre of the city was crammed with
monuments glorifying the advance of Roman rule: grand victory
arches, imposing statues, temples brilliantly emblazoned with the
spoils of war. Roman historians packed their lengthy narratives
with a seemingly endless succession of campaigns and battles. In
the 2nd century BC all those seeking public ofﬁce were required to
have served in the army for at least ten years. As consuls or exconsuls, senior military commanders were also successful
politicians. Popular folk-heroes were the great conquering generals:
Fabius Maximus Cunctator, ‘the Delayer’ who had seen off
Hannibal; Scipio Africanus, ‘the African Victor’ who had overcome
Carthage; Pompey ‘the Great’, who had extended the Roman empire
eastwards to the Euphrates; Julius Caesar, who had subjugated the
Gauls.

The Roman Empire

was permanently commemorated at the eastern approach to the
Forum by the building of an arch dedicated to Titus (who had died
earlier that year). The arch was a lasting symbol of imperial
dominance; its sculptures an indelible reminder of the fate of those
who rebelled against Roman rule. All who passed through
unavoidably replayed this triumph; for a moment they too were at
the very heart of a conquering empire: on one side ﬂanked by the
treasures from the Temple in Jerusalem, on the other by Titus
himself, riding in a chariot surrounded by soldiers and escorted by
personiﬁcations of Honour, Courage, and Victory.
The splendid pageantry of a triumph also told the story of the
campaign. On great mobile stages 15 metres high the war was
vividly represented in all its cruel detail. These painted tableaux,
framed in ivory and gold, allowed an admiring holiday crowd to
recapture something of the thrill of conquest, safe in the knowledge
that Rome would crush its enemies. One (probably eyewitness)
description is offered by the contemporary Jewish historian, Flavius
Josephus, perhaps on this occasion straining his generally clear
Roman sympathies.
Here was to be seen a once prosperous countryside devastated, there
entire enemy war-bands slaughtered; men ﬂeeing and others taken
into captivity . . . cities whose battlements were crowded with
defenders utterly overwhelmed, an army streaming in within the
walls, the whole place swimming in blood, the hands of those
incapable of resistance raised in supplication, temples set on ﬁre,
houses pulled down with their owners still inside, and after
complete desolation and misery, rivers ﬂowing, not through tilled
ﬁelds, nor supplying drinking-water to men and animals, but
through countryside still blazing on all sides.

The triumph of Vespasian and Titus, although magniﬁcent, marked
the suppression of a revolt, rather than the annexation of new
territory. Even more extravagant were the spectacles of the 1st
century BC, when the greatest Roman generals paraded their
12

1. The triumphal parade of spoils from the Temple in Jerusalem. Relief from the Arch of Titus, Rome

The Roman Empire

conquests. In September 46, over 12 days of festivities, Julius Caesar
celebrated his successes in Gaul, Africa, Egypt, and Pontus (on the
southern shore of the Black Sea). This was one of the greatest
triumphs ever staged. On each day there were new marvels: on one
an exhibition of captives (some released, some put to death); on
another a display of exotic animals (this was the ﬁrst time a giraffe
had been seen in Rome); on another a naval battle presented in a
specially excavated lake; on another, in the Circus Maximus,
captives ﬁghting in large-scale pitched battles, one involving 40
elephants. Suspended high above their heads, silken awnings (yet
another of Caesar’s lavish innovations) shaded the spectators, who
applauded as thousands of prisoners died. In these triumphs the
killing ﬁelds of empire were re-enacted in the very heart of the
capital. The cheering crowd rejoiced in the achievement of its
armies and the destruction of those who opposed Rome. In the ﬁnal
triumph the colourful procession of painted scenes depicting
Caesar’s victory in Pontus was interrupted by a placard bearing a
simple message. This slogan – often and wrongly associated with
Caesar’s brief and inconsequential campaign in Britain – was
another terse reminder of Roman military superiority: Veni, uidi,
uici, ‘I came, I saw, I conquered.’
It is easy to be carried away by such rousing gloriﬁcations of
conquest. Easy to forget that each triumph (over 70 were granted
between 252 and 53 BC) also marked the wholesale capture and
slaughter of large numbers of soldiers and civilians. It is important
to pause and reﬂect for a moment on the sheer terror and ruthless
destruction that marked the acquisition of the Roman empire.
Julius Caesar’s troops in Gaul killed one million enemy combatants
and enslaved another million. In human and economic terms,
Caesar’s conquests – even allowing for the exaggeration in his own
self-promoting accounts of his army’s cruelty – were not to be
equalled in the sheer scale of their destruction until the Spanish
invasion of the Americas.
The initial brutality of conquest was matched by the overwhelming
14

force with which any subsequent rebellions were suppressed. In AD
60 in south-eastern Britain the local population of Iceni revolted –
or, perhaps better, attempted to regain their independence.
Camulodunum, Verulamium, and Londinium (modern Colchester,
St Albans, and London) were sacked. Roman counter-attacks
swiftly re-imposed control. Thousands of Britons were killed;
Roman casualties numbered barely 400. In an early example of
ethnic cleansing, the Roman army continued to target the Iceni
until all opposition was eliminated. Boudica, one of the Iceni
leaders, took her own life. Her efforts to expel the Romans had been
a miserable and costly failure.

In the same matter-of-fact way Trajan’s Column also records the
atrocities of war. Defeated Dacians grovel, begging for clemency;
some are imprisoned, others tortured. Villages are torched, their
defenceless inhabitants butchered along with their animals.
15

Conquest

The formidable efﬁciency with which the Roman army invaded
and paciﬁed enemy territory is strikingly celebrated on the
30-metre-high column dedicated in AD 113 to commemorate the
emperor Trajan’s two campaigns in Dacia in the previous decade.
The white marble column – still standing in the centre of Rome – is
decorated with a narrow band of sculpture in low relief (like an
outsize cartoon strip) which spirals 24 times round the shaft. In all,
2,500 ﬁgures make up 154 recognizably separate scenes. Rather
than give a straightforward account of Trajan’s campaigns, these
images offer the viewer a more idealized narrative of the expansion
of empire. Here the Roman army appears in good marching order:
energetic and disciplined legionaries construct camps, forts, roads,
and bridges; they besiege and capture a hostile fortress; they are
unfailingly victorious in battle. In this picture-book world there are
never any Roman casualties, only the enemy is killed. Here too
success is always ensured by the commanding presence of the
emperor. Trajan is shown leading his troops into combat, receiving
embassies, consulting his senior ofﬁcers, addressing his men, and
sacriﬁcing to ensure the favour of the gods.

Trophy-hunting Roman soldiers display the severed heads of their
enemies to the emperor and his staff.

The Roman Empire

At the conclusion of the campaign native families and their
livestock are forcibly evicted; their land now belongs to Roman
settlers. The backdrop of these scenes of conquest is certainly Dacia,
but the themes are universal: the inevitability of Roman supremacy,
the futility of resistance, and the routine violence that accompanies
the acquisition of new territories. As Trajan’s Column publicly
and proudly proclaimed, for those reckless enough to attempt it,

2. Troops display severed enemy heads to the emperor Trajan and his
staff. Relief from Trajan’s Column, Rome
16

these were the cruel consequences of opposing the imposition of
Roman rule.

Against 967 men, women, and children trapped in Masada, the
Roman general Flavius Silva, in charge of mopping-up operations
in the subjugated province, deployed one legion and its auxiliary
troops (in all, 8,000 to 9,000 men) for nearly a year. The outlines of
the stone-built camps – some of the best preserved in the Roman
world – are still visible on the plain, as is the four-kilometre wall
that surrounded the base of the plateau. Both the camps and the
wall are dwarfed by a huge assault ramp: 205 metres long, climbing
70 metres (the height of a 20-storey building) at an incline of 1 in 3.
At its top was constructed a stone platform 23 metres across to
serve as the base for a battering ram.
These dry statistics are impressive enough, but they can only hint at
the mounting terror of the Jews who day by day watched these
siege-works being inexorably raised against the fortress. Like the
extravagant expenditure of a triumph which loudly proclaimed the
dominance of Rome, the siege of Masada was another
17

Conquest

Some rebels were prepared to risk all. For those who applaud
courageously futile attempts to halt the march of empire, there can
be no more inspiring story than the last stand of the Jewish revolt
(not ﬁnally crushed until spring AD 74, nearly four years after the
sack of Jerusalem). One of the most committed Jewish sects was
known as the sicarii, or ‘dagger-men’. Members of this urban
hit-squad, hiding knives beneath their cloaks and merging into the
throng of pilgrims crowding Jerusalem, assassinated high-ranking
Jews whom they denounced as collaborators. In summer 66, when
the revolt broke out, the sicarii seized Masada from its Roman
garrison. Masada was one of the best-defended fortresses in Judaea.
Built on a narrow, sheer-sided plateau to the west of the Dead Sea, it
commanded clear views high above a shimmering, salt-encrusted
plain. Here the sicarii held out deﬁantly as Jerusalem fell to Titus
and even after his triumph in Rome.

The Roman Empire

3. Masada, siege ramp against the western escarpment

demonstration of the might of an empire which could concentrate
extraordinary resources against even a thousand dissidents who
dared oppose it. Like the Arch of Titus in far-away Rome, the great
ramp, which still stands ﬁrm against Masada’s western escarpment,
was a permanent reminder of the impossibility of rebellion.
Faced with certain death, the sicarii preferred suicide. All but seven
killed themselves. Two women and ﬁve children hid in the water
18

conduits which supplied the fort from underground cisterns. It was
these survivors who reported on the ﬁnal hours of the last remnants
of the Jewish revolt and the rallying cry of their leader, Eleazar.
Come! While our hands are free and can hold a sword, let them
serve us nobly. Let us die unenslaved by our enemies and as free
men quit this life along with our wives and children. . . . Let us press
on and deprive the Romans of their anticipated satisfaction at our
capture, leaving them instead dumbfounded by our death and in
awe of our daring.

The imperial mission

That theme was magniﬁcently elaborated by the poet Virgil, writing
in the decade after Actium and the victory of Octavian/Augustus.
The Aeneid, one of the greatest epic poems ever conceived, follows
the fate of the Trojan prince Aeneas, ﬂeeing the destruction of his
home town at the hands of the Greeks, who on Ulysses’ shrewd
advice had cunningly concealed themselves in the belly of a wooden
horse. Virgil’s Aeneid picks up where Homer’s Iliad leaves off.
Aeneas escapes from Troy carrying his aged father Anchises on his
back, his young son Ascanius struggling to keep up. Here begins a
grand narrative which will sweep Aeneas westward across the
Mediterranean, ﬁrst to Carthage and ﬁnally to Italy. Here the
Trojans ﬁght the native Rutilians, who resist the attempts of these
19

Conquest

Powerful accounts of the destructive consequences of empire are
rare. In their own explanations of their expansion and of
subsequent measures taken to control captured provinces, the
Romans seldom recognized that they had been the aggressors.
Rather, wars had been fought to pacify enemies who were judged to
pose a threat to the integrity of Roman territory. The acquisition of
empire had been the unplanned consequence of a moderate and
reasonable policy of homeland security. Cicero, the most famous
orator of the 1st century BC, put the case simply and clearly: ‘The
only reason for waging war is so that we Romans may live in peace.’

The Roman Empire

foreign invaders to seize their land. But the Rutilians are fated to
fail. Their king, Turnus, falls in single combat to the victorious
Aeneas. It is Aeneas’ divine purpose, furthered by Jupiter, king of
the Gods, to father a people destined to rule the Mediterranean
world.
Virgil’s Aeneid offers a very short introduction to Roman history.
Aeneas’ quest to ﬁnd a new home closely preﬁgures Rome’s mission
to found an empire. At the beginning of his adventures, blown off
course by a storm, he ﬁnds safe harbour in Carthage. One of the
toughest tests Aeneas must undergo is to liberate himself from the
voluptuous delights of this city and the manifest charms of Dido, its
queen. He nearly fails. Aeneas’ private Punic War is as difﬁcult and
as hard fought as Rome’s. Dido is no less formidable in love than
Hannibal will be in war. After a night of nuptial passion, with a
thunderstorm as its suitable accompaniment, Aeneas is reminded
of his destiny by Mercury, Jupiter’s messenger. In a god-inspired
frenzy, Aeneas orders the Trojans to set sail. Deserted and
distraught, Dido commits suicide at the news, her self-destruction a
foretelling of Carthage’s own obliteration at the end of the Third
Punic War.
Fleeing Carthage, Aeneas ﬁrst makes landfall in Sicily, where he
buries his father, Anchises. Then to Cumae near Naples. Deep
within her cave he consults the Sibyl, the ancient seer of Apollo. At
the god’s command, Aeneas journeys to the Underworld to learn of
his fate and the future of his loyal followers. Here, with his father’s
ghost as guide, he sees a procession of Roman heroes yet to be born;
a triumphal parade of imperial history from Rome’s beginnings
through the conquest of Italy, the Punic Wars, the annexation of the
eastern Mediterranean, and down to Pompey, Julius Caesar, and
Augustus. In this vision Rome’s destiny is revealed. As Anchises
prophesies:
Others will cast more tenderly in bronze
Their breathing ﬁgures, I can well believe,
20

And bring more lifelike portraits out of marble;
Argue more eloquently, use the pointer
To trace the paths of heaven accurately
And accurately foretell the rising stars.
Roman, remember by your strength to rule
Earth’s peoples – for your arts are to be these:
To pacify, to impose the rule of law,
To spare the conquered, battle down the proud.

By contrast, in his account of the ﬁnal defeat of British opposition in
AD 83, the contemporary historian Cornelius Tacitus gave a
brilliant speech to its leader Calgacus, who (before his inevitable
defeat in the face of overwhelming military force) offered a bitter
21

Conquest

Other people’s national epics are often difﬁcult to read without an
ironic smile. In the 21st century many readers – reﬂecting on the
problematic legacy of European colonialism – may be unwilling to
endorse Virgil’s poetic proclamation of Rome’s imperial mission to
civilize lesser breeds without the law. That said, the Aeneid should
not be dismissed out of hand as a paciﬁc justiﬁcation for an
oppressive régime. Its commentary on war and peace is more subtle
than that. It is possible to feel deep sympathy for the dying Dido,
loved and abandoned by Aeneas. In single combat Aeneas himself
hesitates before brutally dispatching Turnus, the defeated Rutilian
king. However justiﬁed Turnus’ death is in terms of Aeneas’ divinely
sponsored quest to establish his followers and their descendants in
Italy, it is still a savage act carried out in the crazed bloodlust of rage
and revenge. Even so, like triumphal processions which noisily
celebrated the success of a general, the purpose of the Aeneid was
not to give the defeated an equal voice. While it did not openly glory
in the slaughter of Rome’s enemies (perhaps reﬂecting a society
under Augustus glutted by three centuries of conquest and a long
civil war), the Aeneid was clear in its positive portrayal of the
Roman imperial achievement. It was intended to stand ﬁrm against
much bleaker assessments.

critique of imperial rule. Such imaginings by Roman writers of the
objections to empire are rare. They are a precious indication that
not all, even amongst the victors, nodded in quiescent approval at
the destruction and slaughter that conquest inevitably entailed.
Against the pious justiﬁcations proposed by the Aeneid should be
placed Calgacus’ stark condemnation of Roman imperialism.
Pillagers of the world, now they have exhausted the land by their
indiscriminate devastation, they probe the sea. If their enemy is
wealthy, they are greedy; if poor, they are overweening; neither East
nor West has sated them . . . To plunder, slaughter, and rapine they
falsely give the name ‘empire’. They make a desolation and they call

The Roman Empire

it ‘peace’.

Like the deﬁant challenge of Eleazer atop Masada, some may have
admired these words as the stirring sentiments of a freedom-ﬁghter
prepared to die bravely rather than surrender his independence. Yet
for most, Calgacus’ speech was no more than the dangerously
misguided propaganda of a rebel terrorist ignorantly seeking to halt
the divinely sanctioned advance of Roman rule.

22

Chapter 2
Imperial power

The parade of power
Tourists in the great city of Ephesus (on the Aegean coast of Turkey)
might have found themselves rudely pushed aside by those eager to
catch sight – or get out of the way – of an impressive procession of at
least 250 priests, young men, and civic functionaries carrying 31
small statues of silver and gold. The parade was instituted in
February AD 104 following a generous gift of land, money, and
bullion from Caius Vibius Salutaris, one of the wealthiest men in
Ephesus. Such generosity was magniﬁcently commemorated in a
lengthy inscription conspicuously displayed at the southern
entrance to the city’s theatre. The inscription – one of the longest
surviving from anywhere in the Roman empire, 568 lines divided
into 6 columns covering nearly 16 square metres of marble – set out
at length Salutaris’ various benefactions and recorded their grateful
acceptance by his fellow-citizens. Even if they could not read the
extensive detail, passers-by could still appreciate the impressive
scale of this civic monument to Salutaris’ muniﬁcence.
In his careful regulation of this public parade, Salutaris offered both
participants and onlookers a brief guide to the history of Ephesus.
The procession started outside the city at the Temple of Artemis,
one of the seven wonders of the world and amongst the wealthiest
shrines in the eastern Mediterranean. Ephesus was famous for its
23

The Roman Empire

worship of Artemis. The goddess, the daughter of Zeus and Leto,
had been born in a sacred grove outside the city. Here her mother
had found sanctuary, safe from the jealousy of Hera, Zeus’ wife.
Nine statues of Artemis, eight in silver and one in gold, punctuated
the procession; reminders that even in the 2nd century AD, when
Ephesus had long been part of the Roman empire, it continued to
value its close connection with the traditional Greek gods.
The city’s ancient history was on display too. According to a longheld tradition, 1,100 years before Salutaris’ benefaction Ephesus
had been founded by the hero Androclus. In slaying a boar, ﬂushed
out by a grass ﬁre started by the upsetting of a frying pan of sizzling
ﬁsh, Androclus had fulﬁlled an oracle of Apollo that a city should be
established by settlers, ‘where a ﬁsh shall show them and a wild
boar lead the way’. In the early 3rd century BC, Ephesus was
refounded by Lysimachus, one of the close companions of
Alexander the Great. Lysimachus had moved the city to its present
site, facing a navigable harbour and well defended by an impressive
circuit wall. In Salutaris’ benefaction these signiﬁcant moments in
Ephesus’ past were commemorated by the inclusion in the parade of
silver images of the city’s two founders and of Mount Pion, which
rose protectively behind the commercial district of Lysimachus’ new
town and on whose slopes Androclus had once hunted the boar.
In all, the procession took about 90 minutes to complete its circular
route, from the Temple of Artemis through the city’s main streets
and back again. With its 250 celebrants and 31 statues, the
procession offered a working model of Ephesian society, of the city’s
divine connections, and of its foundation (and refoundation) long
before any Roman conquest. It mattered too that this carefully
choreographed tableau vivant seamlessly incorporated more recent
events. The statue of Ephesus’ town council was preceded by a
personiﬁcation of the Roman Senate and followed (after another of
Artemis) by one representing the Roman People. Most importantly,
the whole parade was headed by silver statues of the reigning
emperor Trajan and his wife Plotina. These shimmering images of
24

Roman rule were linked directly in one long processional chain with
both Ephesus’ founding fathers and Artemis, its protecting deity.

A generation earlier, two of the wealthiest families in the town of
Aphrodisias (about 130 kilometres up-country from Ephesus)
celebrated their own importance and their city’s special relationship
with Rome. Together they funded the building of two splendid
white marble porticoes dedicated to Aphrodite (in whose honour
the town was named) and ‘the divinely favoured god-emperors’. The
porticoes stood three storeys high, facing each other across a broad,
marble-paved road about 90 metres long. At one end stood a
monumental gateway; at the other, magniﬁcently framed, a temple
dedicated to the imperial cult. Columns divided the two upper
storeys of each portico into roughly square panels, 190 in all, each
decorated with ﬁgured sculpture. The middle storey of the north
portico carried personiﬁcations of the peoples conquered under
Augustus. Directly opposite on the south portico were scenes from
25

Imperial power

By celebrating a living emperor as if he were a god, the Ephesians
not only acknowledged the supremacy of imperial power, but also
sought to understand and connect it to more local concerns. As this
mobile history lesson processed in slow and stately rhythm through
a monumental cityscape, it helped to make coherent sense of
Ephesus’ place in the Roman empire. In the Upper Agora, the city’s
newest quarter, both Trajan and Artemis were carried past temples
to the deiﬁed Julius Caesar and Augustus; past a colossal statue
(four times life-size) housed in a late 1st-century shrine dedicated to
the ‘divinely favoured emperors’. Here, above all, the procession
suggested that, however far-distant Trajan might be, like other
rulers before him, and like Artemis herself, he had a special concern
for the city. As emperor, Trajan only visited Ephesus once (brieﬂy in
late autumn 113 en route to Antioch and the eastern frontier), but
its citizens conﬁdently asserted his ever-watchful care. Reafﬁrming
their own importance in the vastness of empire, they paraded
Trajan’s glittering silver statue through the city’s streets, as
Salutaris’ regulations demanded, once every two weeks.

The Roman Empire

Greek myth. Above, on the top storey, panels depicting emperors
were placed next to those representing Olympian gods. Here
historical time and eternity merged. A winged Victory separated
panels celebrating Claudius’ invasion of Britain in AD 43 and the
temporary military success in Armenia in AD 54, at the very
beginning of Nero’s reign. Like the Olympian gods, these Roman
emperors were represented as heroic male nudes. A well-built
Augustus, his cloak dramatically billowing behind him, receives
homage from ﬁgures representing the Land and the Sea. A stocky
Claudius stands triumphantly over a defeated Britannia, pulling her
head back by the hair, ready to strike a death blow.
These are remarkable scenes. At the same time as they celebrate
Roman victory, they also seek to understand it as part of a cosmic
order deﬁned by traditional myth and ancient deities. By thinking
of emperors as godlike, unconstrained by the limitations of time or
distance, those in the provinces could attempt to make sense of
their own subjugation. Their own non-Roman past could be linked,
in a seemingly unbroken progression, with a very Roman present.
In Aphrodisias, even conquest – the harshest fact of empire – was
incorporated into the long-standing religious framework of the
Greek world, its brutality dulled by a series of images that argued
for a connection between Greek myth and Roman history, between
Aphrodisias and Rome, and between Olympian gods and naked
Roman emperors. Viewers of this sculptural programme were able
to glory in the further advance of Roman rule. In this imperial
world-view, Aphrodisias – unlike Britannia – would never lie supine
at the feet of an emperor.
This basic pattern was repeated time and time again. The citizens of
Mytilene (on the island of Lesbos in the north-eastern Aegean)
passed a decree instituting four-yearly games in honour of Augustus
and sacriﬁces on his birthday. The conduct of both was to be
modelled on the existing cult of Zeus. The text was proudly
inscribed along with the instructions given to the envoys charged
with informing the emperor in person. In their speech before
26

Imperial power

4. Claudius triumphs over Britannia. Relief from the temple complex
for the imperial cult, Aphrodisias

Augustus, they were to emphasize that the Mytileneans recognized
that their proposals were of little importance to those ‘who have
attained heavenly glory and possess the pre-eminence and power of
the gods’; but they were also to make it clear that, if any additional
honours for the emperor could be devised, they would be
immediately instituted, since ‘the enthusiasm and devotion of the
27

city will not fall short in anything which can make him even more
of a god’.

The Roman Empire

Far away on the other side of the Mediterranean, leading members
of communities in Gaul set up inscriptions in honour of such
strange, hybrid deities as Nemausus Augustus, Bormana Augusta,
Mars Loucetius Augustus, Augustus Deus Anuallus, or the
Comedouae Augustae. Like the presence of Artemis and Trajan in
Salutaris’ parade in Ephesus, or the association of Zeus and
Augustus in Mytilene, this explicit joining of ancestral gods and
Roman emperors again demonstrated the dynamic capacity of
traditional systems of belief to respond creatively in ﬁnding new
ways to understand the nature of conquest. A form of ‘religious
bilingualism’ helped fuse imperial and local concerns.
In Gaul too, as throughout the empire, emperor-worship was often
a matter of hotly contested social prestige. In the late 170s, the
emperors Marcus Aurelius and Commodus intervened to prevent
the costs of the priesthood at Lugdunum (modern Lyon in southern
France), the centre of the imperial cult in Gaul, escalating further
through the rivalry of its incumbents. Each sought to outdo the last
by the provision of ever more lavish gladiatorial games. A decree
issued by the Senate in Rome set maximum prices for gladiators
and capped the charges levied by their trainers. The desire for a
glorious public display to celebrate the divinity of the emperor had
to be balanced against the need to ensure that the imperial
priesthood should not become prohibitively expensive. It was
important to all concerned that one of the most prestigious ofﬁces
in the province should remain a highly prized post for the wealthiest
members of the Gallic elite.
In the city of Rome the focus of the imperial cult was ﬁrmly on the
divinity of deceased emperors. Surrounding the Forum, their
imposing temples and monuments dominated the political and
religious centre of empire. The earliest temple, dedicated to the
deiﬁed Julius Caesar, was commissioned by his supporters in 42 BC,
28

5. Apotheosis of Antoninus Pius and Faustina. Relief from the base of
Column of Antoninus Pius, Rome, now in the Vatican Museums
29

Imperial power

two years after his assassination. Caesar’s divinity had been
conﬁrmed by the appearance of a comet which signalled the advent
of a new god in the heavens. For Octavian, Caesar’s adopted son,
this justiﬁed his own evocative self-description as diui ﬁlius – ‘son
of a god’. In the ensuing civil wars this startling epithet emphasized
his divine favour. It also offered one explanation for his victory. For
the defeated Mark Antony, Octavian was ‘the youth who owed
everything to his name’. Augustus’ own divinity was signalled by the
release from the top of his funeral pyre of an eagle, the bird sacred
to Jupiter, king of the gods. At times such wondrous moments of
apotheosis (in as much as they could ever be faithfully represented)
might require more elaborate imagining. A relief on the base of a
column erected shortly after AD 161 to honour the recently
deceased emperor Antoninus Pius showed both the emperor and
his wife Faustina (who had died 20 years earlier) carried
heavenwards on the back of a splendidly winged youth. Flanked by
eagles, they soar high above personiﬁcations of the city of Rome.

The Roman Empire

Modern viewers sometimes stare at such arresting images with
blank incredulity. For many it can be difﬁcult to comprehend a
religious system that does not recognize an impermeable barrier
between humanity and divinity. In the ancient world, these were
not clearly delimited polar opposites. What mattered was not so
much an individual’s nature (as human or divine), but rather his
or her status within a blurred spectrum of intermediate
possibilities. It can also be difﬁcult to conceive of a society with no
ﬁrm division between religion and politics. Yet in the Roman
empire, the religious rituals surrounding emperor-worship were
not somehow secondary to the ‘real business’ of rule
(administration, justice, taxation, warfare). Rather, religious
imagery and religious language were an inseparable part of
Roman political vocabulary.
For its enthusiasts, the worship of living emperors and their
posthumous deiﬁcation offered a means of understanding what it
meant to be part of the Roman empire. It could connect
individuals and communities, whether in Ephesus, Aphrodisias,
Mytilene, or Gaul, to a single imperial centre. It could integrate
traditional gods and long-standing local beliefs within a ritual
framework reduplicated across the whole Mediterranean. It could
provide a language for comprehending absolute power. For
wealthy men like Caius Vibius Salutaris, supreme in their own
communities, to be seen to bow in obeisance to another human
being would be to risk unthinkable social humiliation; but to
worship a god offered local grandees a way of recognizing their
inferiority without any loss of face. Indeed, in the competition for
civic and personal glory, the celebration of a special connection
with a superhuman emperor both reinforced the privileged
position of those who held priesthoods, funded festivals, or paid
for the construction of temples, and conﬁrmed the superior
status of their cities. Above all, it openly paraded their
membership of a world-wide imperial society. A fragmentary
list of proverbial questions and answers preserved on a scrap of
papyrus from 2nd-century Egypt succinctly sums up such an
30

attractive view of the hierarchies imposed by empire – on both
heaven and earth.
What is a god? The exercise of power.
What is a ruler? Like a god.

The problems of proximity

This dissonance between autocracy – godlike in its exercise of
absolute power – and the all too mortal failings of those who ruled
the Roman empire might at times, and understandably, provoke
some amusement. The best wisecracks were made by emperors
themselves. On his deathbed in June 79, Vespasian was reported to
have quipped sardonically, ‘Damn it, I think I’m becoming a god!’
Twenty-ﬁve years earlier, in AD 54, Lucius Annaeus Seneca (the
famous moralist, philosopher, and playwright) had written a biting
satire on the deiﬁcation of the emperor Claudius. Its title,
Apocolocyntosis – a neat word-play on the Greek ‘apotheosis’ – is
roughly translatable into English as Pumpkin-iﬁcation. Seneca
imagined the deceased Claudius standing on the celestial threshold
of Olympus loudly demanding admission. Somewhat taken aback,
Jupiter put the request to the assembled divinities. The debate
31

Imperial power

For many close to the imperial centre, and particularly those at
court, such conﬁdent proclamations of divinity did not always
adequately capture the complexities of dealing with emperors face
to face. After all, there is an obvious distance between the empress
Faustina standing demurely at her loving husband’s side as they are
both serenely transported to heaven, and the rumours of a
headstrong women whose loose living was restrained by Antoninus
Pius’ strict domestic discipline. Likewise, there is an obvious
distance between the heroically nude and strikingly wellproportioned Claudius on the south portico at Aphrodisias and the
stammering, dribbling, weak-kneed emperor who as a boy was said
to have been unfeelingly dismissed by his mother Antonia as not
fully human: ‘not so much unﬁnished by nature, as barely begun’.

The Roman Empire

concluded with a long speech from Claudius’ great-uncle, the
deiﬁed Augustus, who vigorously opposed the motion. ‘Was it for
this that I secured peace both on land and sea? Was it for this that I
curbed civil wars? . . . Who will worship this man as a god? Who will
believe in him? As long as you make gods of this sort, no one will
believe that you are gods yourselves.’ All present agreed. Claudius
was summarily ejected from heaven and dragged down by Mercury
to eternal punishment in the Underworld.
For all their biting wit, such humorous burlesques should be taken
seriously. They are not so much evidence of a kind of cynical
scepticism towards imperial divinity on the part of the Roman elite,
as a recognition (as is often the case with the best political satire in
our own society) both of the difﬁculties in comprehending power
and of the anxieties surrounding any direct criticism of its exercise.
The problem was less one of accepting the authority of a living
emperor, than of constructing a moral framework which might
enable imperial actions to be judged. In his philosophical treatise
On Mercy (written within two years of Pumpkin-iﬁcation, and
addressed to the emperor Nero), Seneca argued that the exercise of
imperial power also imposed its own constraints. Those responsible
for keeping the peace had always to be prepared to go to war. Those
responsible for justice had always to check their emotions and their
language.
You may think it hard that monarchs should be deprived of that
freedom of speech which even the humblest enjoy. ‘This is slavery,’
you may say, ‘not supreme power.’ Really? Are you not aware that
supreme power means noble slavery for you? . . . The slavery of
being supremely great lies in the impossibility of ever becoming
anything less. This restraint you have in common with the gods.
They too are held tightly bound to the heavens . . . you too are ﬁxed
to your pinnacle.

That emperors, although godlike in their possession of imperial
power, might also be bound by a moral code which could reasonably
32

The emperor is one of us, and his superiority is greater and more
conspicuous because he thinks of himself as one of us, and bears in
mind that he is a man just as much as a ruler over men. . . . For when
a man can advance no further than the highest rank, the only way he
can go even higher is by stepping down.

It is never easy to praise an autocrat to his face. Pliny’s elegant
rhetorical formulations capture – if just for a moment – something
of the difﬁculties faced by courtiers who knew Trajan personally and
depended for their success on his continuing goodwill. It was not a
simple matter to make coherent sense of the range of possible, and
at times clearly conﬂicting, ways of understanding imperial power.
For Pliny, what was at stake (as in Ephesus or Aphrodisias) was the
assertion of some connection between his audience and the
emperor. At its core, his speech was an argument for a community
of interest between Trajan and the empire’s elite. It was this group’s
privileges that a praiseworthy emperor should seek to protect,
33

Imperial power

be expected to govern their behaviour was an insistent theme in the
praises offered by the aristocratic elite. In Rome in September 100,
the distinguished senator Pliny the Younger delivered a speech
before Trajan and the Senate thanking the emperor for the award of
a consulship. In his panegyric Pliny was keen to emphasize Trajan’s
cardinal virtues: clemency, simplicity, piety, liberality, accessibility.
In his concern for justice he was like a god, ‘who sees all, hears all,
and wherever his aid is invoked is present in a moment’. Indeed,
even Jupiter had reason to be grateful: ‘he has so much time free for
the heavens now that he has given you to us to discharge his duties
towards the whole human race’. Above all, Pliny praised Trajan for
his ciuilitas: for his behaviour as a citizen amongst citizens
collectively bound by the rule of law and a mutual respect for social
status. In Pliny’s carefully constructed political economy, a good
king was also a good citizen – a paradox frequently restated with
artful rhetorical brilliance. Indeed, in the sheer epigrammatic
dazzle of Pliny’s words, it is almost possible to forget that a monarch
cannot also be a subject.

displaying, in Pliny’s view, no greater virtue than a willingness to be
seen as ‘one of us’. Indeed, it was Trajan’s very behaviour as a citizen
that (in another memorable paradox) secured his supremacy: ‘For
you are raised to the heavens by the very ground on which we all
tread and where the footprints of an emperor are mingled with our
own.’

The Roman Empire

Writing imperial power
Many of the expectations implicit in Pliny’s praises of Trajan’s
exercise of imperial power are more openly on display in a series
of imperial biographies written by his contemporary and protégé
Suetonius, a scholar and able administrator who held a series of
important court posts under Trajan and his successor Hadrian. Like
Pliny, Suetonius was explicit in his moral judgements. He offered
both praise and condemnation, the latter possible at a suitable
distance. All of his imperial subjects were safely dead: Domitian,
the last emperor in the Lives of the Caesars, died a generation
before Suetonius wrote.
As a biographer, Suetonius aimed above all to reveal the secret
springs of human action. Good emperors could be distinguished by
their virtues: liberality, ciuilitas, moderation, clemency. Their
personal merits and well-regulated private lives mirrored a political
programme which respected the position and importance of the
wealthy elite in Rome. In Suetonius’ view, Augustus, the paradigm
of excellence, had restored the prestige of the Senate and recognized
its pre-eminence. As he had brought order to the state, so Augustus’
private life was also an admirable model of self-restraint.
His lack of expense on furniture and household goods may be seen
from the couches and tables which are still in existence . . . They say
that he did not sleep on any bed unless it was low and plainly
furnished . . . He was a frugal eater (for I would not even omit this
detail) and usually ate simple fare. He was especially fond of coarse
bread, whitebait, handmade soft cheese, and green ﬁgs.
34

Bad emperors were marked out by their vices: pride, cruelty,
avarice, luxury, lust. The defects in their characters and the
disorderly excess of their private lives mirrored a culpable lack of
concern with maintaining Rome’s social hierarchy. For Suetonius,
Caligula’s shameless courting of public popularity amongst
ordinary citizens was certain evidence of the disintegration of a
proper order. His threat to award a consulship to his favourite horse
was not to be seen as a well-turned and deliberate insult to the ofﬁce
at the apex of a successful senatorial career, but rather as an
indication of an equine obsession bordering on madness. In this
topsy-turvy world, an emperor who in public was alleged to break
all the bounds of decency by ordering senators to run alongside his
chariot, could also be believed in private to indulge in extravagant
banquets and extraordinary sexual exploits with men, women, the
wives of senators, and even his own sisters.

35

Imperial power

The same morally degenerative pattern observed by Suetonius in
Caligula was repeated in his successor Nero. Nero was to be blamed
for the great ﬁre in Rome in AD 64. It was the prelude to a cynical
land grab. On a 50-hectare site in the centre of the city the emperor
constructed a new palace in beautifully landscaped pleasure
gardens. In its extent and luxury, Nero’s ‘Golden House’ far
exceeded the imperial residences built by Augustus and successors
on the Palatine Hill overlooking the Forum. In Suetonius’ view, the
creation of what amounted to a country estate in the heart of Rome
was a perversion of the natural order of things: an all too visible sign
of a régime that had no interest in the maintenance of a wellregulated society. The threat that imperial power might rest more
on mass appeal in the city than elite support in the Senate was most
wantonly on display in Nero’s enthusiasm for popular pastimes
such as chariot racing, plays, and gladiatorial games. For Suetonius,
this was certain proof of a fatally ﬂawed character. The moral lesson
was clear. An emperor who fought in the arena and appeared on
stage could more plausibly be condemned as a dangerous
egomaniac strumming a lyre and singing a Homeric ditty as the
capital of the world went up in ﬂames.

The Roman Empire

A close concern with Nero’s dramatic abilities is also the dominant
theme in the most inﬂuential account of his reign, and one which,
along with Suetonius’ biographies, has done much to shape modern
perceptions of Roman emperors. Cornelius Tacitus – a
contemporary of both Pliny and Suetonius – is one of the most
subtle historians and sophisticated political commentators whose
works survive from Antiquity. In his Annals (completed some time
around 120), Tacitus presented Nero’s willingness to act out a
variety of roles on stage as a public expression of a set of skills
continually rehearsed in the more private world of the imperial
palace. Here too the emperor performed. Here too a small audience
of courtiers and the imperial family tried to second-guess the plot in
order to know when to applaud, when to speak, and when to remain
silent.
One of the most memorable scenes in the Annals opens with the
imperial household dining together in a seemingly convincing
picture of familial conviviality. Amongst the company was
Agrippina, Nero’s mother, as well as the young Octavia and her
brother Britannicus, who as the last surviving son of the emperor
Claudius represented the most serious dynastic threat to Nero’s
imperial position. During the dinner, Britannicus collapsed.
Speechless, he fell to the ﬂoor desperately gasping for breath. This
(at least in Tacitus’ account) is a murder scene. A hot drink, already
tasted by Britannicus’ attendant, had been cooled by water
containing a fatal poison. As the young prince expired, Nero
observed that nothing unusual was happening. The boy was
epileptic and would soon recover. As it became clear that
Britannicus was not acting up – but was actually dead – those less
practised in the artiﬁces of court etiquette hurriedly left the room.
The more adept stayed in their places. Britannicus’ loving sister
Octavia did not ﬂinch (to quote Tacitus): ‘despite her youthful
inexperience, she had learned to conceal her grief, her affection, her
every feeling’. All kept their gaze ﬁxed on Nero and followed his
lead. ‘And so after this brief silence, the festive pleasures of the meal
were resumed.’
36

Nero’s court is a dangerous world in which even silent observers,
like the innocent Octavia, collude in disguising their real feelings. In
March 59, four years after Britannicus’ death, Nero invited his
mother to holiday with him at Baiae on the fashionable Campanian
coast near modern Naples. Agrippina agreed, genuinely expecting
(according to Tacitus) to enjoy herself. Moreover, Nero had ordered
a new and lavishly appointed boat to convey her across the bay
following a banquet at which he had been particularly attentive and
loving. On a bright starlit night, not far from shore, disaster struck.
All seemed to go as Nero planned: the boat collapsed – as perhaps
it had really been designed to do. This was to be another murder.
But Agrippina and her maid Acerronia, saved by the stout sides of
the couches on which they were reclining, were not crushed to
death. In the confusion that followed, they were pitched into the
water.

In Tacitus’ Annals, Nero’s exercise of imperial power fatally deforms
his world. Under Nero Rome is a dark and treacherous place where
things are never quite what they seem; a place where those involved
can only try to predict the emperor’s whims. All – some knowingly,
some accidentally, some unwillingly – are inescapably trapped in a
web of dissimulation and deceit. Tacitus’ central image of the
37

Imperial power

Acerronia, thinking that it would help her to be rescued, shouted
that she was Agrippina. But her acting was too good; the crew beat
her to death with boat hooks and oars. Agrippina herself remained
silent and, only slightly wounded, made it safely to shore. Despite
suspecting the attempt on her life, Agrippina at once sent her
trusted servant Agermus to announce to Nero that she had
narrowly survived an accident. The emperor in panic threw a sword
at Agermus’ feet and proclaimed that he had narrowly avoided
assassination. Troops were sent to kill Agrippina who had, so the
emperor alleged, clearly intended the death of her own son. Those
at court wondered how to react to the news. Some celebrated the
emperor’s good fortune. But Nero himself went tearfully into
mourning for the death of his mother.

The Roman Empire

political world as a stage, on which all perform and few (if any)
write their own script, is seductive. For conﬁrmed cynics or ardent
republicans, this is an admonitory vision of the corrosive effects of
autocracy. The Annals are an unremitting exposé of an imperial
system which not only corrupts the powerful, but poisons the very
processes of government itself. Here there can be no heroes. The
attempt of Seneca (one of Nero’s close advisers and author of
Apocolocyntosis and On Mercy) to free himself from the
unacceptable demands of the régime by committing suicide in the
privacy of his own bath house is inevitably a gesture of impotent
futility. For Tacitus, this pointless death presents a faintly farcical
scene, cruelly exposing (as the expiring érudit continues to dictate
his thoughts to his scribes) Seneca’s exaggerated view of his own
importance.
Seneca, since his body, old and emaciated by his frugal way of living,
only allowed his blood to issue slowly, severed the arteries both in
his leg and behind the knee. . . . Yet even in these ﬁnal moments he
retained his eloquence; so he summoned his secretaries and
dictated a lengthy treatise.

But for all Tacitus’ attractive moralizing on the inescapable terrors
of autocracy, we should be careful of being completely taken in.
Through his magniﬁcent prose, Tacitus (like the very best of 19thcentury novelists) can sometimes make his readers forget that he
simply could not have known many of the actions or motives which
he presents as undisputed fact. If Nero, or Octavia, or Agrippina
were indeed concealing their emotions, it is difﬁcult to see how
Tacitus or his sources could have known how they really felt. Rather,
in Tacitus’ version of imperial history, all is cunningly contrived; all
carefully pre-scripted; all skilfully acted out. There is no room for a
genuinely cheering crowd; no room for any real support –
aristocratic, popular, or provincial. No room for wondering whether
Britannicus died as the result of an epileptic ﬁt, or if Agrippina was
actually involved in a freak boating accident. Sixty years after the
event, when Tacitus was writing, how could the important details of
38

the attempted murder of Agrippina (if that’s what it really was) have
been gathered, or researched, or checked? How can we be conﬁdent
that Tacitus could securely sift ﬁction from fact, even if we assume
that this was invariably his intention?

Alongside these versions of Roman emperors we might instead seek
to set a range of other views – some conﬂicting, some
complementary, some overlapping. Next to the cool literary
histories of Tacitus and Suetonius, we should set extravagant
processions, expensive sculptured panels, grandiloquent speeches,
and impressive inscriptions. In so doing we might not get any
nearer to ‘the real Nero’ or to any other emperor. (In the end, this is
not about judging the plausibility of one account against another.)
But we might come closer to appreciating the variety of ways in
which imperial power was understood and represented in the
Roman world.
In mid 1st-century Aphrodisias, those responsible for the sculptural
programme in the two porticoes fronting the temple to the imperial
cult commissioned two marble panels in honour of Nero. Like the
39

Imperial power

Of course, other versions of Nero may be equally as convincing or as
implausible – or as ultimately unknowable – as the one offered by
Tacitus. But it may be possible to ﬁnd other ways of thinking about
the emperor’s reputation. At the very least, we should start by
questioning the suffocating self-sufﬁciency of Tacitus’ account of
Roman emperors, or the attractiveness of the moral templates
imposed by Suetonius on his imperial biographies. Both Suetonius
(always keen to assert the continued importance of the pretensions
and prejudices of the Roman elite) and Tacitus (for whom power
tends inevitably to corrupt) are themselves part of a debate about
how imperial power should be conceived. Simply because they may
seem at times to appeal more directly to modern sensibilities, this
does not of itself make their accounts more accurate or credible.
Both have their own artful agendas of which their readers should be
acutely and uncomfortably aware.

The Roman Empire

images of other Roman emperors, these were part of an extensive
scheme which included heroes from Greek mythology and the
Olympian gods. In one panel, Nero stands naked and victorious,
exalting over an exhausted woman, the personiﬁcation of a
conquered Armenia. In the second, he wears full military dress,

6. Nero and Agrippina. Relief from the temple complex for the imperial
cult, Aphrodisias
40

holds a spear and probably an orb, and is crowned with a laurel
wreath by his mother Agrippina, who holds in her left hand a
cornucopia (a horn of plenty overspilling with grapes and
pomegranates). These are arresting visions of a powerful, godlike
emperor. They are open celebrations of the continued might and
prosperity of the Roman empire. As images of imperial power these
two panels should not be too hastily dismissed – even if a historian
like Tacitus might only glance at them with a wry, ironic smile.

Imperial power

41

Chapter 3
Collusion

Ruling the Roman empire
At the beginning of the 2nd century AD, a decade after he had
offered a subtle and complex speech of thanks for his consulship,
Pliny the Younger was sent by the emperor Trajan to govern the
province of Bithynia-Pontus on the southern shore of the Black
Sea. Pliny’s surviving correspondence with the emperor offers an
unparalleled insight into the activities of one high-ranking
Roman administrator. In his letters home, Pliny advertised his
zeal in carrying out his mandate. Over a two-year period he
contacted Trajan 61 times on a wide range of issues, in 39 cases
submitting matters for decision or approval. Pliny refrained, for
example, from examining the municipal accounts of the city of
Apamea, despite the citizens’ willingness to make them available,
until he had received an imperial warrant. (Pliny’s hesitation was
justiﬁable given that previous emperors had conﬁrmed Apamea’s
exemption from an audit by the governor.) He also sought
Trajan’s approval for all new building works, since those
undertaken in the previous decade had been a prime cause of
civic over-expenditure. He reported on the failure to complete
two aqueducts at Nicomedia, on subsidence in a half-built theatre
at Nicaea, and on an over-ambitious scheme to construct new
baths at Claudiopolis. At Nicomedia he recommended a canal,
at Sinope an aqueduct, at Prusa new baths, and at Amastris
42

the covering of a foul-smelling open sewer in the town’s main
street.

Pliny was the exception, not the rule. For the most part, Roman
governors were reactive, not proactive. They did not interfere in the
internal affairs of cities in their provinces. If presented with a
petition or a judicial matter they might choose to adjudicate,
although in many cases the decision might be no more than a
referral to a local civic ofﬁcial. They responded to situations or
disputes as requested or obliged. They were authorities to whom
locals might appeal, rather than investigating magistrates acting on
their own initiative. A provincial governor’s restricted remit was
reﬂected in the small number of his subordinates. It is unlikely that
Pliny was able to rely on more than 100 trained bureaucrats to help
him carry out his duties in Bithynia-Pontus. Militarized frontier
provinces, where the possibility of revolt or attack demanded
greater vigilance, provided larger staffs. In the 2nd century, the
governor of Britain, a province garrisoned with three legions, was
assisted by up to 450 ofﬁcials, mostly seconded soldiers. Altogether
43

Collusion

From one point of view, Pliny’s administrative activity in
Bithynia-Pontus, though no doubt necessary, seems rather banal
(indeed, hardly meriting publication). That he should insist on
reviewing records of civic expenditure, or seek Trajan’s approval
for any construction projects, or attempt to reconcile ambiguities
in imperial rulings was no doubt evidence of the diligent
discharge of his commission. Equally, that a governor should be
concerned with the ﬁnancial integrity of cities in a prosperous
province might be thought uncontroversial. To modern
sensibilities 39 queries directed to an emperor over a two-year
period (even as a published selection from a larger set) hardly
makes Pliny’s governorship strikingly interventionist. But for
contemporaries these detailed investigations were noteworthy
precisely because they represented an intensiﬁcation of standard
practice. They exceeded the expected norms of Roman imperial
government.

across the empire, those like Pliny in charge of Roman provincial
administration were supported by a total of roughly 10,000
bureaucrats.

The Roman Empire

This is a tiny number, especially to those accustomed to the close
regulation imposed by modern states with their far-reaching
policies and programmes. To give some crude sense of scale: to
service a population roughly the same as that of the Roman empire,
the British government currently employs around half a million
bureaucrats. That said, Roman government never attempted
(nor thought it necessary or desirable) to provide mass education,
housing, health, or social security. Even so, from an administrative
point of view, Roman rule over the Mediterranean world represents
a magniﬁcent economy of effort. The Roman empire can hardly be
said to have been over-governed.

Small-town society
This minimalist state of affairs was one which many in the
provinces were eager to preserve. Ten years before Pliny’s
governorship, one of the leading citizens of Prusa, a middling town
in Bithynia-Pontus, appealed to his peers not to do anything which
might threaten such an advantageous arrangement. Amongst the
80 surviving speeches of the accomplished orator and philosopher
Dio Cocceianus – known to admiring posterity as Dio Chrysostom,
‘the Golden-Mouthed’ – are a number delivered before the town’s
assembly. Prusa (as Pliny’s investigations into its baths conﬁrmed)
was an unremarkable place, much like hundreds of other towns
scattered across the Mediterranean. It was attractively sited on a
broad terrace below Mount Olympus, the highest peak in Bithynia.
Prusa’s prosperity was based on exporting timber from the heavily
forested lower slopes of the mountain, on farming the wide, fertile
valley which spread out below, and on attracting tourists to its
thermal springs.
The inhabitants of Prusa and its surrounding territory were
44

From the adult males of this municipal ‘upper crust’ the town’s
ofﬁcials were elected annually (nominally by the assembly, but from
a slate pre-selected by the council). The most senior posts were
dominated by a few inﬂuential families. Both Dio Chrysostom and
his son held the ofﬁce of chief magistrate. Under the supervision of
the council a system of local rents, indirect taxes (such as customs
duties), and special levies provided funds for the running of the city:
the provision of a police force, the supervision of the grain supply to
ensure the availability of reasonably priced bread, the maintenance
of the sewage system, the upkeep of public buildings and streets, the
supply of fuel for the public baths, the regulation of private
construction, and the control of weights and measures. In addition,
the council’s wealthiest members, as part of an endless competition
for social superiority, were expected to draw on their own private
resources to cover the costs of public entertainment (religious
festivals, commemorative feasts, cultural and athletic contests,
gladiatorial games) and to ﬁnance grand projects for the
beautiﬁcation of their native city.
45

Collusion

represented by an assembly and a town council. The assembly was
open to all adult male citizens who satisﬁed a minimum property
qualiﬁcation. Membership of the council was much more
restrictive, conﬁned to perhaps 200 or 300 of the wealthiest
citizens who had held one of the city’s senior ofﬁcial posts. These
were Prusa’s landed gentry; a well-off group whose income was
mostly derived from their estates. Taken together, these prosperous
men and their families represented the town’s ‘quality’. They
expected their elevated position in society to be recognized and
valued by all. A snobbish, self-regarding, and inward-looking set,
they watched each other jealously in a continuous and hard-fought
battle for status. Time was spent in a carefully organized round of
engagements (dinner-parties, hunting, the performance of public
duties), in the studied exercise of elaborate social etiquette, and in
the slow and intricate manoeuvring which characterizes any small,
privileged group tightly bound by the twin concerns of inheritance
and marriage.

The Roman Empire

Signiﬁcantly too, the town council was collectively responsible for
the payment to Rome of an annual tribute assessed in part as a
poll-tax and in part on property, for organizing and supplying
labour where needed (for example, for road maintenance), and for
providing recruits for the army. In return for fulﬁlling these basic
demands of empire, cities such as Prusa were permitted to manage
their own internal affairs. For Dio Chrysostom, it was this freedom
from imperial interference that underpinned the continued vitality
of small-town society. Equally, it was the presence of empire (and
the threat of reprisals in case of instability) that buttressed the
superior position of the wealthy and justiﬁed their control of the
city’s administration.
These were signiﬁcant advantages which local elites were reluctant
to surrender. In the 70s AD, a crowd in Prusa, angry at the rising
price of bread, demanded that Dio should be made commissioner
for the grain supply and that he should use his own wealth to
beneﬁt all by subsidizing purchases on the open market. In the face
of Dio’s refusal, the situation turned nasty. A mob was narrowly
prevented from setting ﬁre to his house. Later, speaking before the
town’s assembly, Dio defended his position. He pointed to his
previous benefactions and those of generations of his family, citing
his grandfather who had ‘spent in muniﬁcence all the fortune he
had inherited from his father and grandfather, until he had nothing
left’. Dio claimed to have shouldered more than his fair share of
public expenditure, nor, he alleged, was he amongst the wealthiest
in Prusa. He recommended that the assembly move to elect suitable
grain commissioners from those who had not yet put their private
fortunes to public use.
This was a double rebuke: both to the citizenry to cease pressing
its claims through violence and to his fellow-councillors who,
Dio pointedly observed, were collectively responsible for ensuring
that Prusa was properly governed. Perhaps not everyone believed
Dio’s claims to modest means or the stories of his grandfather’s
bankrupting liberality. Even so, whatever the reluctance of
46

the town’s elite in this instance to seize the opportunity for
public-spirited generosity, such unwillingness was not to their
long-term advantage. To fail in this joint enterprise was to risk the
unwelcome intervention of the Roman authorities. Dio underlined
the point with an unﬂattering comparison.
Nothing which happens in the cities goes unnoticed by the
governors; on the contrary, just as the families of children who have
been naughty at home report them to their teachers, so the
misbehaviour of the assembly is reported to them.

Local elites were key to the Roman empire’s success. For those who
survived the initial trauma of conquest and had abandoned as
hopeless any organized form of resistance, the advantages of being
47

Collusion

Dio Chrysostom’s concerns and self-interests were repeatedly
echoed. In the mid 2nd century, Aelius Aristides, another famous
Greek orator, delivered a panegyric in exuberant praise of Rome.
Aristides’ approbation was ﬁrmly grounded in his experience of
local politics in Smyrna (modern Izmir on the Aegean coast of
Turkey). For Aristides, what marked out the Roman empire as
exceptional was its welcome lack of interest in regulating the
day-to-day affairs of local communities. Not only were there few
imperial ofﬁcials, but away from the frontiers there were also small
numbers of soldiers. In the most peaceful regions of the empire
such as Asia Minor, there might be no more than 500 troops
garrisoned in a whole province. Of course, large forces could quickly
be called in, but importantly in towns across the Mediterranean the
permanent presence of armed troops was not part of the machinery
of Roman rule. Aelius Aristides was unstinting in his enthusiastic
afﬁrmation of the beneﬁts of such a system. In his view, the empire
was best described as ‘a commonwealth of independent cities’. In
turn, that autonomy relieved both Roman administration and the
army of a considerable burden: ‘There is no need to have troops
stationed at strategic points in the towns, since the most eminent
and powerful people in each place guard their homeland for you.’

The Roman Empire

in a right relationship with the ruling power were all too
self-evident. Indeed, for many in the provinces Roman dominance
was most felt in its strengthening of the ability of existing oligarchic
cliques to exercise unrivalled control in their localities. In towns like
Prusa and Smyrna, the presence of empire explicitly underwrote
the suffocating monopoly over the city’s affairs of a small group of
well-off families. And as Dio Chrysostom stressed, that was not
a position which could sensibly be jeopardized by allowing civic
in-ﬁghting to disrupt public order. Similarly, in the western
provinces, effective Roman government depended on an intimate
relationship with local strongmen. In Spain, Gaul, and Britain, the
imposition of empire brought to an end a debilitating cycle of tribal
warfare and the rise and fall of leaders whose precarious position
was challenged by continual conﬂict. Those chieftains who
supported Roman rule found their status as the most prominent
people in their region (after the Roman governor) reinforced by
their close connection with the might of empire. They were now
more secure in the possession of their power and wealth than they
had ever been before the Roman conquest.
Throughout the cities of the Mediterranean world Roman rule
shored up local elites. It guaranteed their importance and their
authority. Even the most irksome of imperial demands, the annual
payment of tribute, could be turned to advantage. Those on town
councils who undertook the ﬁnancial risk involved in collection
were also best placed to shift the burden of payment. That might
most proﬁtably be achieved by a collusively low valuation on their
own property, early demands for other people’s taxes, and late
payment of their own. For these notables the pressures of imperial
government were both a potential source of gain and the basis of
their local power. The needs of empire legitimized the sometimes
violent extraction of often meagre surpluses from smallholders. On
the estates of the wealthy, peasant farmers were doubly bound, both
as tenants and taxpayers.
The superior position of those who ruled their localities and
48

ensured the maintenance of peace and the regular ﬂow of revenue
was further strengthened by a grant of Roman citizenship.
Citizenship was routinely conferred on the families and direct
descendants of those who had held high municipal ofﬁce. It was
also regularly granted to soldiers in auxiliary units in the Roman
army if on discharge they had completed twenty-ﬁve years of
service. It was one of Dio Chrysostom’s chief claims to be
recognized as an inﬂuential ﬁgure in Prusa that both his mother
and father were Roman citizens. The practical beneﬁts for men
like Dio were clear. They gained access to the protection offered
by Roman law, and, for the wealthiest and most ambitious, to
high-ranking positions in the imperial administration or army.

The possession of Roman citizenship publicly marked out a group
who together could fairly claim full membership of a coherent
Mediterranean-wide community of mutually convergent interests.
In extending its citizenship the Roman empire was strikingly more
generous than other ancient – and many modern – states. (In
democratic Athens of the 5th century BC, for example, only those
49

Collusion

The prospect of citizenship also helped ensure that the ruling elites
in the mosaic of towns which together made up the empire would
seek to reconcile local and imperial loyalties. In 168–169 the
emperors Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus conferred citizenship
on the family of Julianus, one of the leaders of the Zegrenses, an
ethnic group living high up in the Atlas Mountains in Morocco. To
advertise his status as part of an empire-wide elite who enjoyed a
privileged, special relationship with Rome, Julianus’ eldest son
(who secured citizenship for his own family nine years later) had
both imperial grants permanently displayed in Latin on a ﬁnely
engraved bronze plaque. For those who wished to emulate such
success (and the emperors were eager to encourage others) the
message was clear. Julianus, his wife, and four children had become
citizens ‘because he had been most loyal in his ready obedience to
our side’. And in this case ‘our side’ – as everyone who knew
Julianus was no doubt well aware – meant the Roman empire.

The Roman Empire

with both a citizen mother and father could themselves be classed
as citizens.) This comparatively open-handed inclusion of local
notables was a signiﬁcant aspect of Roman rule singled out by
Aelius Aristides for especial commendation: ‘There is that thing
which, much more than all other things, deserves attention and
admiration: I mean your citizenship, and its grand conception,
because there is nothing like it to be found anywhere else at all.’
Coming from a member of that tiny, wealthy minority which
enjoyed the advantages of citizenship, Aristides’ praise is easily
understandable. Most importantly, his enthusiasms capture one of
the most enduring aspects of Roman domination: that throughout
the Mediterranean world subjugated provincial elites were swiftly
and successfully transformed into the empire’s ruling class.
Conquerors and conquered could now both describe themselves as
Roman.

The monumental urge
The most visible celebration of security and prosperity in the
provinces was the extensive programme of monumental building
undertaken at private expense. There was hardly a city which did
not beneﬁt from the competitive urge amongst local notables to give
concrete expression both to their superior position in their own
municipal society and to their status as part of an imperial elite. The
porticoes, libraries, temples, arches, baths, and theatres most often
admired by modern visitors are in many cases the result of this selfserving upsurge in public generosity and the often extravagant
desire by the wealthy to mark out their city as fully part of an empire
of cities. Today, often stripped of their ﬁne marble cladding, their
brightly painted decoration forever faded, the weather-worn shells
of these buildings can only gesture at their former magniﬁcence.
In the mid 2nd century AD, Lucius Cosinius Primus, one of the
leading citizens of Cuicul (modern Djemila in Algeria), funded the
building of a splendid new market place. A rectangular portico
(24 by 22 metres) enclosed a square containing a hexagonal,
50

colonnaded pavilion 5 metres in diameter. An inscription that ran
around the top of the portico made the extent of Cosinius’
generosity absolutely clear: he had paid for, and instructed his
brother Caius to oversee, the construction of ‘the market place with
its columns and statues . . . and pavilion’.

In Rome itself the Great Market was built to surpass a much older
building (probably also burned down in AD 64) originally
commissioned in the early 2nd century BC by Marcus Fulvius
Nobilior, consul and successful general, to the ground-plan
which was to become standard: a rectangular enclosure with a
pavilion at its centre. This Roman original was copied in the town
of Lepcis Magna (on the coast of modern Libya). Here a
colonnaded piazza had at its centre two circular pavilions of ﬁne
grey limestone, each surrounded by an octagonal portico. The
dedicatory inscription marking the end of building work in 8 BC
linked the donor, Annobal Tapapius Rufus, with the ruling emperor,
Augustus.
Rufus was also responsible for funding Lepcis Magna’s magniﬁcent
new theatre. The arc of seats, 95 metres in diameter, rested in part
on a natural slope, in part on a compacted ﬁll of earth and rubble,
and in part on stone-faced concrete vaults. This was an impressive
achievement. Rufus paraded his generosity in a number of
51

Collusion

Importantly too, this design was self-consciously imitative. Lucius
Cosinius’ new market place reproduced in miniature the Great
Market in Rome, completed in AD 59 and reconstructed under the
emperor Nero after the ﬁre of 64 which had destroyed large areas of
the city. The Great Market consisted of a large, open square
enclosed by a two-storey portico; at its centre stood an equally
grand circular pavilion. This was a design repeated across the
empire. To build a market place modelled on the Great Market in
Rome was evidence of a close connection with metropolitan
fashion. In a distant provincial town it advertised a knowledge both
of the imperial capital and of an international style.

The Roman Empire

7. Market place, Lepcis Magna

prominently placed inscriptions, two cemented in above the main
doors onto the stage in full view of the audience. The text was in
both Latin and Punic (the local language), the former emphasizing
his connections with a wider Roman world, the latter ensuring that
even those without Latin could learn of his muniﬁcence and
applaud Annobal Rufus, ORNATOR PATRIAE AMATOR
CONCORDIAE – ‘embellisher of his home town, lover of
consensus’.
Here in the theatre, the local elite could put themselves on show.
Over the next century and a half, the wealthy of Lepcis Magna
competed to outdo Rufus by funding ever more splendid additions:
52

8. Inscription honouring Annobal Rufus, theatre, Lepcis Magna

This paradigm of muniﬁcence and display was repeated again and
again. Half a Mediterranean world away in Apamea (in western
Syria), Lucius Julius Agrippa proclaimed his generosity to the city
following a serious earthquake in AD 115. He had been
responsible for the construction of a magniﬁcent bath complex
and a large hall which could be used for concerts and
competitions in music or oratory. Agrippa detailed his
muniﬁcence in a long inscription listing the various ofﬁces he had
held on the town council and several other benefactions: ‘he also
founded the baths and the portico in front of them which adjoins
the main street and the adjacent hall and donated all of the land
which he purchased from his own funds’. Agrippa went on
carefully to catalogue the bronze sculptures he had commissioned
for the baths: one group of Theseus and the Minotaur, and
another of Apollo and Marsyas, a satyr who rashly challenged the
god to a musical contest and, once defeated, was ﬂayed alive. This
second group may also have been Agrippa’s gently witty
53

Collusion

improvements to the seating with a parapet screening the chairs of
the town council from the rest of the audience, a small shrine in the
middle of the uppermost tier of the auditorium, and, at the rear of
the stage, a magniﬁcent ornamental marble screen standing three
storeys high and decorated with over a hundred statues of divinities
and members of the imperial family.

The Roman Empire

commentary on the ambitions of those aspiring performers who
competed for prizes in the adjacent hall.
Agrippa’s bronzes are a reminder that civic generosity and its
display were not conﬁned to building. He himself had sponsored
distributions of grain and expensive olive oil to his fellow-citizens.
In Ephesus (as described in Chapter 2), Caius Vibius Salutaris
funded a magniﬁcent parade in honour of Artemis and the emperor
Trajan. Other benefactors aimed to advertise their home towns’
cultural credentials. In the mid-120s Caius Julius Demosthenes,
a wealthy citizen in the undistinguished city of Oenoanda in
south-western Turkey, proposed to endow a four-yearly cultural
festival which was to run for three weeks and include competitions
in poetry, comic and tragic acting, singing accompanied by the lyre,
and oratory. The inscription which records Demosthenes’
benefaction and the arrangements for the Demostheneia, as the
festival was to be known, is punctilious in pointing out that these
were approved by the emperor Hadrian himself and warmly
applauded by the town council.
The council has commended Demosthenes for his unstinting
goodwill towards his home town and for his present love of honour,
his unsurpassed magnanimity, and for his devotion to the divinelyfavoured emperors and has honoured him with every honour. The
council has also decreed that the festival should be adorned in every
way and that the devotion towards the emperor who has ratiﬁed it
should be fulﬁlled in its entirety.

Extravagant inscriptions were matched by idealized images. The
ofﬁcial portraits of municipal worthies that crowded the public
spaces of every town were designed to impress onlookers with their
solidity and easy air of social superiority. In Cuicul in Algeria, when
the town council voted statues to the brothers Cosinii, particularly
praising Lucius ‘because of his muniﬁcence’, it was Caius who paid
for their erection on either side of the main entrance to the market
place. In Apamea in Syria, a series of substantial stone brackets,
54

ﬁxed at head-height along the façade of the new baths, supported
marble statues of Lucius Julius Agrippa who had so generously
funded the whole complex. These multiple images, which looked
down on all passers-by, were dedicated by those grateful for the
inﬂuential assistance of a grandee whom they were pleased to praise
publicly as ‘founder, patron, and benefactor’.
In towns throughout the empire, the grandiloquent claims of
leading citizens to admiring accolades were permanently chiselled
in stone. What at ﬁrst could strike us as a kind of smug selfsatisfaction might better be thought of as a more pressing need by
leading families to advertise their superior standing. This was a
brittle society in which status had continually to be reafﬁrmed.
Lasting memorials to near-bankrupting gestures of generosity set a
marker against which rivals or newcomers were forced to compete.

55

Collusion

Successes were to be celebrated in both public and private. A
splendid mid 3rd-century mosaic from a substantial country house
at Smirat in modern Tunisia challenged those who saw it to think
about their position in the world. Magniﬁcently attired, Magerius,
the owner of the house, is shown presiding over a wild-beast hunt, a
moment of muniﬁcence in the amphitheatre here captured for all
his visitors to see, on prominent display like a modern photograph
of a meeting with royalty or the president. Four ﬁghters,
Mamertinus, Spittara, Bullarius, and Hilarinus, triumph over four
leopards, Crispinus, Romanus, Luxurius, and Victor (but clearly not
in this case). In the centre a young servant holds a large silver tray
with four bulging money-bags. A long text worked into the mosaic
records the acclamations of the crowd. These were proofs that such
liberality was recognized by Magerius’ fellow-citizens as justifying
both wealth and position. No doubt too they impressed his inferiors
and caused his equals to pause to calibrate their own and their
families’ claims to public honour. Certainly, all would have
appreciated the force of the rhythmic shouts of an approving crowd
repeatedly chanting the name of their benefactor: MAGERII,
MAGERII, ‘Magerius! Magerius!’ In Magerius’ grand country

9. Mosaic honouring Magerius from his country house at Smirat, now in Sousse Museum, Tunisia

house, the large mosaic commemorating his achievements carefully
preserved that precious moment of public praise for privileged
private viewing. It was an attempt to make an instant of
unchallenged social superiority last a lifetime. HOC EST HABERE,
HOC EST POSSE, ‘This is what it is to possess! This is what it is
to be powerful!’

The limits of loyalty

On the whole, most provincials would have resisted such a stark
analysis. Their experience of empire was often much more complex
than a clear-cut choice between opportunistic complicity in the
enforcement of Roman rule or inevitable oppression by a
conquering power. In the early 3rd century AD, a wealthy resident
of Hadrumetum (modern Sousse on the coast of Tunisia)
commissioned a series of ﬁne mosaics for his house. One shows the
poet Virgil seated with an open scroll in his hand. Clearly legible are
57

Collusion

Whether local elites were motivated principally by a deep-felt
loyalty to the Roman empire or by the pragmatic promotion of their
own position within an imperial system it is difﬁcult to say. In an
empire established by bloody conquest, where open dissent or
revolt brought a rapid and uncompromising response, it is
problematic to talk of ‘winning hearts and minds’ or of ‘loyalty’ or
‘enthusiasm’ without these quickly and inevitably shading into
more cynical or short-term calculations of advantage. A similar
hesitation must also mark any too sweeping claim of the beneﬁts of
Roman ‘civilization’. In his biography of Cnaeus Julius Agricola,
posted to Britain as governor in AD 77, the historian Cornelius
Tacitus offered a barbed commentary on the promotion of empire.
In this far-ﬂung province Agricola aimed to advance urbanization,
to build Roman-style houses and temples, to educate the sons of
local worthies in the classics, and to encourage the wearing of togas
rather than barbarian trousers. ‘As for the Britons’, remarked
Tacitus, ‘who had no experience of any of this, they called it
civilization, although in reality it was part of their enslavement.’

The Roman Empire

10. Mosaic of Virgil and the Muses from a house in Hadrumetum
(modern Sousse in Tunisia), now in Bardo Museum, Tunis

the opening lines of the Aeneid. Behind Virgil stand Melpomene
and Calliope, the Muses of tragedy and epic. Calliope reads from a
scroll, Melpomene, holding a tragic mask, listens intently. The poet,
reﬂective and austere, sits with his feet resting on a stool.
How are we to understand this mosaic of Rome’s greatest poet? It
might be taken as evidence of the wholesale absorption by African
elites of one of the key elements of Roman imperial ideology. But
there are other possibilities. Far away from metropolitan Rome in
North Africa – the North Africa of a defeated Carthage – the story of
Aeneas might have been thought about differently. Here not all
might have applauded Aeneas’ abandonment of Dido or accepted
58

his divine mission as sufﬁcient justiﬁcation for his actions. We
should not simply assume that the commissioner of the Virgil
mosaic in Hadrumetum was an unquestioning supporter of Roman
imperial ideology and its claims ‘to pacify, to impose the rule of law,
to spare the conquered, battle down the proud’. Perhaps, when he
recited the Aeneid to his friends after dinner, we might imagine that
this wealthy African’s sympathies lay more with the defeated
Carthaginian Dido than the victorious Roman Aeneas.

Nor should that enthusiasm for the common culture of empire be
seen as in some way diminished or faked if it also stood alongside a
recognition that much of North Africa had once been under
Carthaginian rule. After all, the government of the Roman empire
depended on a welding together of local and imperial interests to
the mutual advantage of rulers and ruled. That said, Tacitus’ jibe
about the short distance between civilization and enslavement had
a sharp point. For all its evident beneﬁts, it might reasonably be
doubted whether the establishment of a uniﬁed imperial culture
would have been so swift or so successful if it had not been backed
by force, or if its possession and advertisement had not been seen as
an effective means of dealing with that hard fact.
Though rarely deployed, the threat of Roman retaliation for
59

Collusion

For the locally powerful in the Mediterranean world, the process of
adopting distinctively Roman habits was not so much a
demonstration of supine acquiescence as a process of unavoidable –
and often proﬁtable – accommodation with a ruling power. It was
an accommodation that might also admit of the maintenance of
local traditions and sensibilities without these inevitably being seen
as indications of resistance. No doubt the commissioner of the
Virgil mosaic was a generous supporter of the public building
schemes that lent a certain grandeur to Hadrumetum’s forum. Like
Dio Chrysostom in Bithynia-Pontus, he had perhaps held high
ofﬁce on the town council. He certainly wished to present himself to
his peers as well versed in the Latin classics.

The Roman Empire

perceived provincial resistance hung like a storm cloud over the
towns of empire. No matter how skilfully elites maintained their
own inﬂuence in their localities, their privileged position rested
precisely on a continued willingness to act as mediators of Roman
rule. In the face of reprisals, local status or even Roman citizenship
counted for little. In the 60s AD, while governor in Spain, the future
emperor Galba ordered a convicted poisoner to be cruciﬁed along
with other criminals. When the condemned man appealed against
the sentence on the grounds that he was a Roman citizen, Galba
instructed that – in public recognition of his superior status – his
cross should be set up higher than the rest and painted white.
‘You need to imitate an actor’, the Greek philosopher and essayist
Plutarch (a contemporary of Dio Chrysostom) counselled a friend
and aspiring local politician. Avoid too great a conﬁdence in the
security of your own position. Stick closely to your script, ‘and do
not go beyond the degree of freedom in rhythm and metre
permitted by those in authority’. On taking up municipal ofﬁce,
Plutarch advised, it is sensible to recall the words which the great
5th-century BC Athenian statesman Pericles regularly repeated to
himself: ‘Be careful, Pericles, you are ruling free men, you are ruling
Greeks, Athenian citizens.’ In addition, you should say to yourself:
‘You who rule are also ruled, you rule a city subject to governors, the
agents of the emperor.’ Mutual advantage had its limits. When push
came to coercive shove, local elites – for all their much-prized
autonomy and hard-won possession of Roman citizenship – were
inescapably part of an empire. Successful civic leaders might well
have agreed with Plutarch’s shrewd assessment: ‘do not have too
great a pride or conﬁdence’ in your position; always bear in mind
that you conduct your affairs and those of your city with ‘the boots
of the Roman governor just above your head’.

60

Chapter 4
History wars

Foundation and empire
In the 130s AD, the Roman emperor Hadrian invaded Athens. This
was warfare without bloodshed: the emperor’s attack on the
cultural capital of the eastern Mediterranean relied not on crack
legionary troops or superior military logistics, but rather on armies
of construction workers and careful town planning. Hadrian had
long paraded his love of Greek culture. He was the ﬁrst emperor to
travel extensively through the provinces of empire, and as a tourist
and not a campaigning general; he was the ﬁrst emperor to take a
sustained and active intellectual interest in the ancient history and
monuments of the eastern Mediterranean world.
In Athens, Hadrian’s new Library dwarfed the buildings of the
ancient Agora, dominating the city’s civic centre where six centuries
earlier (when Rome had struggled to control even central Italy)
citizens had gathered to transact the judicial and administrative
business of a democratic state. The Library enclosed a quadrangle
surrounded by a vast hundred-column portico of luxurious
violet-veined Phrygian marble from quarries in Asia Minor; the
interior with its shining gilt ceilings was sumptuously decorated
with rare paintings and statues, and expensively embellished with
translucent alabaster. This was imperial architecture at its most
extravagant. Unashamedly glorying in its baroque brilliance,
61

The Roman Empire

Hadrian’s Library was an unmistakable proclamation of Roman
wealth and power at the centre of the most famous city in the
Greek world.
In Athens, Hadrian also ﬁnished one of the largest temples ever
constructed in the Roman empire. The great shrine to Olympian
Zeus – the Olympieion – had been started in the 6th century BC
(before Athens was a fully-ﬂedged democracy). Building work had
been sporadic and costly; the most recent patron, a century before
Hadrian, was the emperor Augustus. Hadrian celebrated the
temple’s completion in person during a visit to Athens in 131–132,
dedicating a colossal chryselephantine (ivory and gold) statue of
Zeus. Although the complex is now in ruins and the giant statue
disappeared long ago, the point of such gargantuan magniﬁcence is
still obvious to the modern visitor. Clearly visible on the top of the
Acropolis which rises behind the Olympieion is the Parthenon. This
exquisite temple to Athena was completed in the 430s BC under
Pericles, democratic Athens’ greatest statesman. High above the
city, the Parthenon stood as an enduring symbol of Athenian
independence and a reminder of one of the most remarkable
political experiments in Antiquity.
Hadrian’s imperial challenge to Athens’ past was more than
architectural. The dedication of the Olympieion also marked the
inauguration of a new organization of Greek cities, the
Panhellenion (literally ‘All-Greek’). The Panhellenion covered ﬁve
Roman provinces, extending far beyond mainland Greece to
include cities in Macedonia, Thrace, Asia Minor, Crete, Rhodes, and
North Africa. It was presided over by a senior executive ofﬁcer
(archon) and a council of delegates (Panhellenes) elected by
member-states from amongst their most prominent citizens.
Hadrian envisaged a permanent international federation,
embracing not only ancient foundations such as Athens, Sparta,
Corinth, and Argos, but also including those cities across the
eastern Mediterranean which could demonstrate a close connection
with ‘old Greece’.
62

Some claims to Hellenic status had echoes in the mythical past. In
an ofﬁcial communiqué issued three years after the foundation of
the Panhellenion, Hadrian himself intervened in a dispute
between the cities of Cyrene (on the fertile heights above the
coastal plain in Libya) and Ptolemais-Barca (about 90 kilometres
to the west). Cyrene’s Hellenic credentials were not in doubt. It
had been founded in the late 7th century BC by Greek colonists
from Thera (modern Santorini). Hadrian also conﬁrmed that
Ptolemais-Barca should be admitted to the Panhellenion; its
citizens, in the emperor’s resonant phrase, were ‘true-born
Greeks’, but the city was instructed to send only one delegate to
the council whereas Cyrene was permitted to send two. Hadrian’s
ruling perhaps reﬂected ancient history: in the mid 6th century
BC, Ptolemais-Barca had not been established directly by Greeks,
but by colonists from Cyrene. The emperor’s ratiﬁcation of
Cyrene’s superior Greekness was inscribed and proudly displayed.
No further proof of the authenticity of the city’s claims was
required.
63

History wars

11. Olympieion in Athens, with the Acropolis and Parthenon behind

Other cities sought to secure their place in this privileged Hellenic
past. Cibyra in south-western Turkey had been cited by the early
1st-century geographer Strabo as a non-Greek foundation. Over a
century later, in a successful bid to join the Panhellenion, the city
had fabricated a completely different account of its origins
connecting it closely with both Sparta and Athens. This was a
persuasive ﬁction. Existing members of the Panhellenion were
eager to collude with Cibyra’s inﬂated re-invention of its own
identity as:
a colony of the Spartans and related to the Athenians, friendly to
Rome and in the commonwealth of Greece [that is, the
Panhellenion] amongst the most highly reputed and greatest cities
in the province of Asia because of its Greek ancestry and its ancient

The Roman Empire

friendship and goodwill towards the Romans, and because it has
been honoured with great privileges by the god Hadrian.

Hadrian’s Panhellenion re-shaped the Greek world. It brought
together in a single institutional framework many cities that
had never before been connected and indeed in the past had
often been bitter enemies. Athens was designated the
Panhellenion’s headquarters. Here Hadrian established a
four-yearly religious festival, the Panhellenia, ﬁrst held in
137. In addition, he inaugurated the Hadrianeia (a festival
associated with emperor-worship) and the Olympieia (associated
with Olympian Zeus). These three festivals were each
designated a ‘sacred contest’; winners in the various athletic
and cultural competitions were assured signiﬁcant privileges in
their home cities, including a procession to mark their victorious
return, substantial tax breaks, and free meals at public expense.
Hadrian also conferred the same status on the Panathenaea. This
ancient festival in honour of Athena was said to have been
instituted by Theseus, the city’s legendary founder. Theseus had
ruled Athens after his return from Crete, where he had secured
lasting fame by escaping from the labyrinth and slaying the
Minotaur.
64

Other Greek cities reiterated the insistent themes of Hadrian’s
Hellenic renaissance. Twenty-one in the eastern Mediterranean are
known to have celebrated festivals with the title Hadrianeia; 15
added the epithet ‘Hadriane’ to their names; 9 more called
themselves Hadrianopolis, ‘the city of Hadrian’. In Hadrian’s
empire, local and imperial enthusiasms combined to create a unity
and cultural cohesion never before enjoyed by the Greek world. In
the 2nd century AD, a new corporate commitment to a common
heritage amongst ‘Greek’ cities helped suppress the memory of
ancient conﬂicts. The defeat of Athens and her allies by Sparta at
the end of the Peloponnesian War 600 years before was to be
erased; so too the city’s subjugation in the 4th century BC by Philip
of Macedon, the father of Alexander the Great. A fractured past was
to be forgotten. Hadrian’s benefactions ensured that Athens was
now the unchallenged capital of a brave new Panhellenic world
which stretched from Asia Minor to North Africa. A Roman
emperor could at last succeed where Greek history had so obviously
failed.
65

History wars

The concentration of four sacred festivals in one city, without
precedent in the entire history of Greece, underlined the central
importance of Athens in this reorganized and improved Hellenic
past. The extensive re-modelling of the city – now more Greek than
any other – was celebrated in the recently completed temple to
Olympian Zeus. The entrance was ﬂanked by four statues of
Hadrian, two in marble and two in porphyry (a hard, deep-purple
Egyptian stone that since pharaonic times had been associated with
rulership). Behind the temple towered a colossal statue of the
emperor erected in his honour by the Athenians. The precinct itself
was ﬁlled with bronze statues of Hadrian Olympios dedicated by
cities from all over the Greek world. The message was clear. In
almost identical inscriptions from nearly 100 altars found in
excavations in Athens, Hadrian was routinely praised as ‘Saviour,
Founder, and Olympios’. Ringed with repeated images of the
emperor, it was Hadrian’s Olympieion – and not Pericles’ Parthenon
– that now claimed the symbolic and religious heart of the city.

The Roman Empire

Dreaming of Greece
Perhaps unsurprisingly, not all welcomed these radical Roman
revisions of Greece’s past. In the late 170s, a generation after
Hadrian’s death, Pausanias, a native of Lydia in western Turkey,
ﬁnally completed his Description of Greece, the culmination of
nearly 20 years of extensive travel and research. In his Description,
Pausanias set out to lead his readers on a tour of ‘all things Greek’; a
series of meticulously plotted itineraries started in Athens and then
moved out across the Peloponnese and the southern mainland.
Pausanias’ especial interest was in sacred places, their history, and
their monuments. For the most part, his records of the several
hundred sites which he visited are detailed and accurate; their
authority has been repeatedly conﬁrmed by modern excavations. It
was Pausanias’ account of the Lion Gate at Mycenae and his
observation that the tombs of Agamemnon and other Homeric
heroes were located ‘inside the walls’ that inspired Heinrich
Schliemann to excavate the upper city in 1876. The result was one of
the most spectacular archaeological ﬁnds ever made in Greece.
What matters is not whether the beautiful gold funerary masks and
valuable grave goods which Schliemann found actually belonged to
the victors of the Trojan War, but that Pausanias reliably reported a
tradition of ancient burial already 1,700 years old when he visited
the ruins of Mycenae.
Like any good guide, Pausanias does not offer an exhaustive
catalogue of everything that can be seen. Rather, he presents a very
particular view of the territory through which he travels. His
Description provides a systematic survey of ‘the things most worthy
of mention’; ‘a selection of the most noteworthy objects’ which
ought to be of interest to those seeking to understand Greece under
Roman rule. In Athens, Pausanias notes the building programme of
Hadrian, whom he praises as ‘contributing greatly to the well-being
of his various subjects’, but his attention is ﬁrmly focused on
Antiquity. In the Agora, he lingers over those monuments that mark
the foundation of the city, celebrate the heroic deeds of Theseus, or
66

commemorate the central role of the Athenians in resisting the
Persian invasions of the 5th century BC. There is scant reference to
any building undertaken since the Roman conquest of Greece, and
only a comparatively cursory mention of Hadrian’s new Library.

Pausanias’ tour of Athens puts Hadrian in his proper place. It
measures his restoration of Greek culture against the surviving
traces which reveal the overwhelming superiority of the original.
Moving now from the Agora up to the Acropolis, Pausanias notes,
merely in passing, that a statue of Hadrian had been placed in the
Parthenon. Certainly, this deserves no more than a glance next to
the much longer treatment of the enormous 5th-century
chryselephantine statue of Athena which still dominated the
temple’s interior. ‘The statue of Athena is standing . . . she holds
an image of victory four cubits [about 2 metres] high and in the
other hand a spear. A shield is placed at her feet and just next to
the spear is a serpent.’ Nor is this contemplation of the classical
67

History wars

Pausanias gives a longer description of the Olympieion, although
less than a third is devoted to its recent completion by Hadrian.
Here there is no time to stare in admiration at the achievements of a
Roman emperor, what matters are the reminders of a mythical
Greek past. Rather than looking up at the towering columns of the
temple or gazing in awe at the crowd of bronze Hadrians that
populated its precinct, the visitor is deftly guided to the edge of a
muddy depression about 40 centimetres wide. This, in Pausanias’
view, is what anyone interested ‘in all things Greek’ should see. It
links both tourist and reader to the very beginnings of Greece. It is a
memorial of the great ﬂood which once upon a time engulfed the
world, and of its survivor Deucalion, whose son Hellen was the
ultimate progenitor of the Hellenic race. The depression near the
Olympieion is said to be the sump into which the ﬂood waters
ﬁnally receded. Here is a closer connection with ‘old Greece’ than
the magniﬁcent temple and the statues of a Roman emperor who
claimed – as ‘Saviour and Founder’ – to have established the
Panhellenic world anew.

The Roman Empire

12. Remains of the Temple to Rome and Augustus on the Acropolis in
Athens, in front of the east end of the Parthenon

past to be interrupted. For nearly two centuries before Pausanias
visited the Acropolis, a circular temple nearly 10 metres high,
dedicated to Rome and the emperor Augustus, had stood
directly in front of the Parthenon, blocking a clear view of its
eastern façade. In Pausanias’ Description, no mention at all is
made of this building. In this guide to ‘all things Greek’ these
obvious Roman blots on an ancient landscape were simply to
be effaced.
Outside Athens, Pausanias’ deliberate failure to describe recent
intrusions into a pristine Hellenic world is even more clearly
marked. Few of the monuments he points out are later than the 3rd
century BC. At Corinth, most of the city is passed over in silence;
it had been razed by a victorious Roman army in 146 BC and
refounded a century later by Julius Caesar. What matters instead
are the ancient stories of Corinthian kings, gods, and heroes. Here
68

Bellerophon is commemorated by an antique shrine dedicated to
Athena, ‘the Breaker-in’, the ﬁrst to bridle Pegasus, his mighty
winged horse. In visiting Patrae (modern Patras on the southern
shore of the Gulf of Corinth), Pausanias noted that the city had been
substantially enlarged by the emperor Augustus, who had
systematically destroyed surrounding settlements and transplanted
their populations. The disruptive consequences were still painfully
evident to the discerning observer. Fifteen kilometres inland at
Pherae (once an autonomous town, but now subject to Patrae), a
sacred grove had been despoiled: ‘here there is neither temple nor
images; the locals told me that the images had been carried off to
Rome’.

69

History wars

This was stark evidence of subjugation; evidence which it was best
to pass quickly by on a journey through a greener and more pleasant
pre-conquest land. For his fellow-travellers, Pausanias offered the
comfortable experience of a tour through an imaginary Greece. And
like Hadrian’s Panhellenion, Pausanias’ Greece was more Hellenic
than the original. His was a nostalgic yearning for something that
never was; a vision of the past as it should have been: a uniﬁed
Greece with Athens at its centre. (Those city-states allied to Sparta
who had caused Athens’ defeat at the end of the 5th century BC
were to be dismissed as nothing better than ‘murderers and
practically the wreckers of Greece’.) Above all, Pausanias’
Description presented a coherent network of ancient places whose
identity could best be revealed to a curious traveller by a
knowledgeable guide who could search out ‘all things Greek’. And
unlike Hadrian’s Panhellenion, the integrity and wholeness of this
idealized Greece was not circumscribed by Roman imperial
command; rather, it was deep-rooted in an aboriginal sense of its
own origins, religion, and mythology.

Parallel pasts

The Roman Empire

If Pausanias sought to expunge the all too visible impact of foreign
conquest on an enchanted classical landscape, the historian and
philosopher Plutarch – also responding to the intrusion of a new
imperial power in an old world – sought rather to coordinate and
compare the habits and histories of both the Greeks and the
Romans. In the ﬁrst two decades of the 2nd century (across the
reigns of Trajan and Hadrian), Plutarch completed 46 biographies
of famous Greeks and Romans. These were arranged in pairs; so,
for example, Alexander the Great partnered Julius Caesar; the
outstanding Athenian politician Pericles joined Fabius Maximus
Cunctator, ‘the Delayer’, who in the Second Punic War had forced
Hannibal to withdraw from Italy; and Theseus (the founder of
Athens) was coupled with Romulus (the founder of Rome).
The principal purpose of these Parallel Lives was to offer a series of
historical scenarios which would encourage readers to consider the
ethical issues involved. Plutarch concentrated on the lives of
statesmen and generals, ﬁrmly believing that their characters were
most clearly revealed in their actions. Taken together the paired
biographies invited the reader to think through particular
problems: how to control passions (anger, desire, and ambition);
how to judge the effects of up-bringing and education; how to
display humanity, forbearance, and compassion. Both Greeks and
Romans provided positive and negative examples. Pericles and
Fabius offered models of wise statesmen who faced with the perils
of war stand calm against a protesting mob. Alexander the Great
and Julius Caesar invited debate on the beneﬁts and dangers of
ambition. Their parallel lives exposed how a desire for power and
glory can inspire great deeds, but also provoke disaster.
Plutarch’s concern to present a range of ethical debates for the
ediﬁcation of his readers is of primary importance in the selection
and arrangement of his material. It is most clearly on display in the
formal comparisons that concluded each pair of biographies. In his
70

In making such difﬁcult judgement-calls, Plutarch adhered closely
to conventional Greek ethical ideas. One key text was Plato’s
Republic, the great Athenian philosopher’s blueprint for an ideal
society. One of Plato’s central concerns was self-restraint. In men of
action, he argued, some degree of anger was necessary to inspire
bravery in warfare; but in a virtuous man, anger must always be
tempered with calmness. In the end, Theseus – though still some
distance from realizing this ideal – was better able to curb the
consequences of his rage than Romulus. Control of the passions was
one of the chief objects of education. In praising Numa, Romulus’
successor and the second of the seven legendary kings of early
Rome, Plutarch had no doubt that his ability to frame just laws was
rooted in strict self-discipline: ‘his cultivation was a result of
education, enduring hardship, and philosophy . . . reckoning true
71

History wars

Life of Romulus, Plutarch doubted one ancient criticism of the
founder of Rome: that in a heated dispute over the site of the new
city he had killed his twin brother, Remus. But Romulus’
‘unreasonable anger, his hasty and ill-advised wrath’ could not be
ignored. In Plutarch’s view, it was Romulus’ unbridled behaviour
that had encouraged one of his companions to slay Remus on the
spot. The parallel was with a famous Greek family feud that had its
origin in the accusations of Theseus’ wife, Phaedra, against her
stepson, Hippolytus, whom she alleged had made passionate
advances to her. Trusting his wife, Theseus abused and cursed his
son, refusing to countenance his claims of innocence. (In truth, it
was Hippolytus who had been solicited by Phaedra, who, when
rejected, sought her revenge.) In Plutarch’s view, Theseus, although
equally guilty of ‘unreasonable anger’, was nevertheless ‘foiled by
love, envy, and a woman’s calumnies, whose overwhelming force
few men have escaped’. Most importantly (at least in the version of
the story Plutarch chose to tell), Theseus’ uncontrolled passion had
led only to unjust words, while Romulus’ had inspired his friend to
murder. ‘For these reasons then,’ Plutarch concluded, ‘one would
vote in favour of Theseus’, preferring the founder of Athens to the
founder of Rome.

The Roman Empire

manliness to consist in the conﬁnement of one’s passions within
one’s self through the use of reason’.
This then is the core of Plutarch’s enterprise: to offer a series of
double portraits of Greeks and Romans and to judge them both by
explicitly Greek ethical norms. On one level, the Parallel Lives
assert the comparability of Greek and Roman political and military
ﬁgures. Matching one against another, conquerors and conquered
are presented on an equal footing. That too was an exercise best and
most effectively undertaken by the writing of history. (The latest
Lives are of Julius Caesar and Mark Antony. To go further would
mean confronting Augustus, and with what Greek might he be
credibly paired?) Most importantly, Plutarch suggests that both
Greeks and Romans can be evaluated by a single set of criteria
which are unashamedly and unmistakably Greek. It is perhaps
unsurprising that in 20 (out of 23) of these paired biographies, the
opening life is Greek. In these Parallel Lives it is the Greek that sets
the terms of inquiry for the Roman; it is Greek morality and
philosophy by which the strengths and failings of individuals are to
be assessed. Taken together, these biographies make a radical and
arresting claim: that Roman history is to be understood most
perfectly from a Greek perspective. The resulting paradox is
delightful: in Plutarch’s view, outstanding Romans are in fact
inspiring examples of traditional Greek virtues in action.

The empire writes back
Of course, it would be too simple to think of Plutarch or Pausanias
as active opponents of Roman power. They would not have
supported Boudica and her British revolt nor have committed
suicide with the last of the Jewish freedom-ﬁghters at Masada.
Their works incited no riots; they did not inspire armed rebellion;
no emperors were moved to suppress them. Indeed, Plutarch (like
many of the Mediterranean’s landowning elite) was a beneﬁciary of
empire. He inherited estates in Boeotia in central Greece; he held
high municipal ofﬁce in his local town of Chaeronea; he enjoyed the
72

privileges of Roman citizenship and the friendship of a number of
wealthy and powerful Romans. Rather than as open
encouragements to resist Roman rule, what makes both Plutarch’s
and Pausanias’ works interesting is a clear recognition that the
imposition of empire not only involves substantial political,
economic, and social rupture in the present, but also has an
inseparable and signiﬁcant impact on the past. Indeed, in addition
to effective administration, tax collection, and the maintenance of
law and order, part of what marks out a ruling power (long after the
bloodshed of conquest and the parade of peace and prosperity
restored) is its ability selectively to refashion for its own ends the
history of its subject peoples.

After the Roman victory, building in Jerusalem continued. The
forum (in the area of the much later Church of the Holy Sepulchre)
was dominated by a temple to Jupiter. For the previous 60 years,
since the sack of the city by Roman legions in AD 70 (the victory
celebrated on the Arch of Titus in Rome), the Temple Mount had
been abandoned. Now it was topped by two statues: one of Jupiter
73

History wars

In the early 2nd century AD, Hadrian provoked a historical
revolution. Those pasts incompatible with the comfortable image of
a muniﬁcent emperor and a complicit civic elite were effaced.
Hadrian’s building programme in Jerusalem deﬁantly ignored the
city’s Jewish heritage. In 130, while on tour in Judaea, he founded a
veteran colony on the site, henceforth to be known as Colonia Aelia
Capitolina (Aelius was the emperor’s family name). This decision to
obliterate Jerusalem is sometimes suggested as one of the factors
that may have led to the Jewish revolt of 132–135. Little is known of
this insurrection; for a while the rebels, led by the charismatic
Shim’on ben Kosiba (or Bar Kochba), waged a successful guerrilla
war and minted their own coins proclaiming their intention to
rebuild the Temple. But it was not to last. A large Roman force
commanded by Hadrian himself crushed the revolt. Reprisals were
ruthless: in one account, 50 towns and 985 villages were destroyed
and over half a million insurgents slain.

The Roman Empire

and one of Hadrian on horseback. Strikingly, Jews were strictly
forbidden to settle in the city or its territory. Jerusalem, refounded
and renamed, was closed to those for whom it was most holy. They
were to be treated as permanent outsiders. Aelia Capitolina,
extensively re-modelled with a new set of imposing monuments,
was fully part of Hadrian’s Roman empire; its rebel history – like
the Jews themselves – completely purged.
Hadrian’s attitude to the Hellenic past was much less brutal. That
said, it would clearly be too crude to think of him as a passionate or
undiscriminating promoter of all things Greek. His spectacular
benefactions to Athens (and to over 200 other cities around the
Mediterranean) and his liking for Greek history and literature are
more than just expressions of a deeply felt phil-Hellenism. In the
cities of empire the building programmes Hadrian sponsored
systematically monumentalized a very particular version of the
past. In turn, through an explicit association with the emperor
himself, that past was incorporated within a very Roman imperial
present. On a grand scale, and nowhere more expansively than
at the Olympieion in Athens, the emperor was paired with
traditional deities whose worship he could legitimately claim to
have re-invigorated. At Smyrna, modern Izmir on the Aegean coast
of Turkey, the building of a huge temple associated Hadrian closely
with Zeus Akraios (Zeus ‘dwelling on High’). At Cyzicus, on the
southern shore of the Sea of Marmara, Hadrian’s own image looked
down from the pediment of another gigantic temple to Zeus. At
Palmyra, in eastern Syria, the emperor was linked with the ancient
gods Ba’alshamin and Dourahloun, now worshipped in an imposing
new shrine.
These projects were also the result of civic enthusiasm and private
wealth. They allowed local grandees to associate themselves with
the emperor and to proclaim their importance on an international
scale. In Smyrna, an inscription praising the beautiﬁcation of the
city listed contributions from 25 leading citizens alongside that of
Hadrian himself. Such paradoxes are unavoidable: they neatly
74

capture the everyday consequences of conquest. They are part of
what it is to be subject to an empire. In early 2nd-century Ephesus
the fortnightly procession of silver statues funded by Caius Vibius
Salutaris joined Roman emperors to a local history of heroes,
founding-fathers, and gods. As explored in Chapters 2 and 3, that
close connection between empire and city was crucially important;
but it also involved a celebration of the supremacy of Rome. At
Aphrodisias, the striking display of images of naked emperors
allowed Roman power to be presented according to long-standing
Greek conventions; but it also placed the empire’s rulers on the
same level as the Olympian gods. Membership of Hadrian’s
Panhellenion required proof of an antique Hellenic ancestry
(something that might be thought attractive to both Plutarch and
Pausanias); but it also entailed collusion with a Roman emperor’s
re-creation of the Greek world as it ought to have been.

In the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, the coercive effect of Roman power
was inescapable: in both the present and the past. For the most
part, as Plutarch and Pausanias neatly exemplify, the choice was
never a straightforward one between collusion or opposition. (In
the end, it is only those who have never been subject to conquest
75

History wars

It is against this seemingly paciﬁc Roman invasion that Plutarch
and Pausanias react. In response, they offer a different version of
the Greek past, and one no less deliberately refashioned. Inevitably
too, their counter-claims are compromised. Pausanias’ Greece (the
southern mainland, Attica, and the Peloponnese) is entirely
contained within the Roman province of Achaea. Pausanias’
itinerary follows the contours of a Roman imperial geography
(incomprehensible to any Greek living in the 5th century BC), a
tacit admission that the ‘old Greece’ which his Description seeks
to evoke was not uniﬁed until the imposition of Roman rule.
Similarly, the historical project of Plutarch’s Parallel Lives is
clearly implicated in a recognition that for the biographer or the
philosopher it is the rise of the Roman empire to its secure position
of world dominance which above all demands explanation.

The Roman Empire

who can afford to think in such clear-cut terms.) Even so, the
absence of open resistance – with the notable exception of the Jews
– should not lull us into thinking that Hadrian’s building campaign
was without any sharp edge. For Roman emperors, the past was
available for appropriation. It could be reconﬁgured to remove the
scars of conquest and to emphasize the close relationship between
rulers and ruled. For some Greek intellectuals – no doubt in danger
of seeking comfortable refuge in an ivory-tower world – the past
was the only place left in which the fantasy of liberation could still
be played out, or at least not forgotten: in Pausanias’ Greece, free of
Roman monuments; in Plutarch’s biographies, in which Greek
ethics and philosophy offered the best explanation of events and the
best models for a virtuous life.
History is an inevitable casualty of empire. In Athens, the city above
all others where Hadrian made his mark, an elegant arch was
erected near the Olympieion to commemorate the emperor’s
generosity towards the city. On its western face an inscription
proclaimed: ‘This is Athens, the former city of Theseus.’ For those
slow to comprehend, a slogan on the opposite side reiterated the
point: ‘This is the city of Hadrian, not Theseus.’ Like much of
Hadrian’s other building, the arch and its inscriptions can be
embraced as an enthusiastic endorsement of Greek history. In the
midst of the city of Pericles and the headquarters of the
Panhellenion, a Roman emperor is seen wittily to suggest his own
parallel life, here pairing himself with the city’s ﬁrst founder. Or
Hadrian’s claim to match Theseus’ ﬁrst foundation can be
understood as a strident public proclamation of imperial
dominance over Athens, past and present.
Of course, both explanations are possible, both readings correct. In
the end, it is precisely the uncertainty that matters. Such deliberate
ambiguities allowed local elites to cheer on a Roman emperor in
ways compatible with long-standing traditions and to appreciate
the sophisticated history-writing of Greek-speaking thinkers such
as Plutarch or Pausanias. That rulers like Hadrian should forcefully
76

History wars

13. Arch of Hadrian in Athens, with Olympieion behind

assert their superiority on their own monuments was unsurprising.
Equally, it was only to be expected that, in his own carefully
choreographed tour of Athens, Pausanias would remain resolutely
blind to the intrusive presence – at the very centre of the Greek
world – of an arch in honour of a Roman emperor.

77

Chapter 5
Christians to the lions

Blood on the sand
In summer AD 177 at Lugdunum (modern Lyon in southern
France), it was ﬁesta time, and in the amphitheatre Christians were
on the programme. Their fellow-believers later set down their
eyewitness accounts of what happened. First, Maturus and Sanctus
were brought in. They were subjected to every kind of torture; they
ran the gauntlet of whips; they were mauled by wild animals; they
endured all that the shouts of the excited crowd demanded. Next,
Attalus and Alexander. They too were tortured and ﬁnally strapped
to a heated iron chair which seared their ﬂesh. On the last day of the
festival, the slave woman Blandina was led into the amphitheatre.
After the whips, after the lions, after the red-hot plates, she was
ﬂung into a net and offered to a bull. ‘After being tossed for a while
by the animal, she no longer had any sense of what was happening
thanks to her hope, the ﬁrmness of her beliefs, and her communion
with Christ.’
For the inhabitants of 2nd-century Lyon, Christians were part of a
good day out; part of the entertainment; part of the show. The
crowd – like the lions – roared. But it is also important to
emphasize that in this story (and in many other tales of violence
and brutality like it) the onlookers who enthusiastically cheered
were not a disorderly rabble of local louts and layabouts. This was
78

no hysterical mob; rather, good solid citizenry for whom publicly
organized violence was a serious and absorbing pastime. Society’s
outcasts (bandits, robbers, condemned criminals, runaway slaves)
were expected to perish horribly for the enjoyment of decent,
law-abiding people. Similarly, professional ﬁghters (gladiators,
wild-beast hunters) were expected to perform. Some spectators
were experts on their favourites’ skills, training, and careers. For
others, these battle-scarred bits-of-rough were the stuff of sexual
fantasy.

Going to the games was one of the practices that went with being a
Roman. In amphitheatres access to seating was through a
complicated series of ill-lit passages, ramps, and steep staircases.
Like the best 19th-century opera houses, these ensured that as far as
possible those in the best seats had their own exclusive access to the
auditorium. Emerging from the darkness the spectator – still
blinking – beheld a striking, sunlit microcosm of his own society;
each member dressed in festival best; each seated according to
carefully calibrated gradations of age, rank, wealth, and occupation.
The emperor Augustus had ordered the seating in theatres to reﬂect
the empire’s social hierarchy. In provincial cities, members of the
town council occupied the best seats; then male citizens, with
married men separated from bachelors; professional associations in
designated rows; and citizen boys in a separate block.
No doubt in practice these seemingly rigid classiﬁcations were
79

Christians to the lions

All who went to the games were deeply involved. In Rome, the
emperor Claudius is said to have been so fascinated by the
death-agonies of the slain that he ordered their faces to be turned
toward him. Indeed, according to the imperial biographer
Suetonius, Claudius (himself a physical weakling) was such an
enthusiast for gladiatorial violence that he would arrive at the
amphitheatre before dawn and not leave during the afternoon when
most of the wealthier members of the crowd retired home for their
siesta.

The Roman Empire

14. Cross-section of the Colosseum (reconstruction)

blurred (grandees might, for example, invite their friends to sit with
them), but their general intent is clear: the potentially rowdy urban
poor was to be allowed only a very limited presence. In the
Colosseum in Rome, 60% of its 50,000 seats were reserved for welloff citizens; only 20% at the rear were given over to the urban poor,
non-citizens, and slaves. The remaining space, in cloistered rows
right at the top of the tiered seating (a climb of 220 steps from the
entrance at ground level), was allocated to women. The strict
geometric architecture of an amphitheatre neatly divided the crowd
80

into clearly recognizable social segments. It mattered where you sat;
and where you were seen to be sitting.

Such carefully staged moments of life and death were part of a set
of public extravaganzas whose sheer organization alone demands
admiration. For emperors, the ﬁnancing of these spectaculars
proclaimed to all their wealth and position at the apex of society.
Before an approving crowd it was in their interests that both
blood and money ﬂowed freely. In the funeral games that Julius
Caesar staged in honour of his father in 65 BC, the gladiators’
armour was made of silver. On other occasions it might be
studded with jewels or decorated with peacock or ostrich feathers.
In AD 80, the opening of the Colosseum was celebrated by 100
days of games, which included gladiatorial ﬁghts and the
slaughter of 9,000 wild animals. The spectators were further
entertained by the emperor Titus, who threw into the crowd small
wooden balls each marked with a sign indicating that they could
be exchanged for food or clothing or (for a lucky few) horses,
silverware, or slaves.
81

Christians to the lions

In Rome, an emperor at the games presided over a carefully ordered
empire in miniature. The acclamations he received from the crowd
were an audible register of popular support for the prevailing
régime. Seated in the imperial box, the emperor was clearly visible
to all. Both Julius Caesar and the late 2nd-century emperor Marcus
Aurelius were strongly criticized for catching up on ofﬁcial
correspondence instead of enjoying the show. Emperors were
expected to pay attention both to the ﬁghting in the arena and to the
spectators, who might at any moment demand favours or with
shouts of Habet, hoc habet – ‘He has it! He has got it!’ – applaud a
winning hit or cheer on the death of a fatally wounded gladiator.
Gladiators were trained not only to ﬁght well, but also to die
properly, chest out, leaning to the right, head drooping, half-seated
on their weapons. This was the dying swan of the Roman world, a
cool, formalized way of death, which, if not properly performed,
would be loudly booed by a disapproving crowd.

The Roman Empire

The striking investment of time, wealth, and emotion that
gladiatorial games involved underlines their importance as a
display of dominance. The cheers and rhythmic chants of the
spectators proclaimed both their communal solidarity and their
collective distance from those whom they had come to see
butchered. In deciding the fate of a defeated gladiator, the crowd
asserted its absolute control over humanity. Fatal games were an
interlude of controlled disorder sponsored by society in order to
afﬁrm its own security. In that sense, amphitheatres, and the
carefully regulated crowds and murderous games they contained,
were epitomes of both the violence and the order that helped hold
the empire together. In these bloody spectacles violence was
presented as an inescapable part of an ordered society, just as war
had once been a necessary part of the acquisition of empire.
Importantly too, however successfully violence and order may be
compressed into one site, they can never be entirely separated from
each other. The stout wooden barricades that cordoned off the
arena from the crowd marked out a division which could be crossed,
confused, broken down, blurred. In 192, the senator and historian
Cassius Dio attended games held by the emperor Commodus, who
not only presided, but also fought as a gladiator.
The games lasted fourteen days. When the emperor was ﬁghting, we
senators always attended . . . And there is a thing which the emperor
did to us senators which gave us good reason to expect that we were
done for. After he had killed an ostrich he cut off its head and came
right up to where we were seated, holding the head in his left hand
and waving his bloody sword in his right. He said nothing, but
grinning he wagged his head, indicating that he would deal with us
in the same way. Many who were laughing at him would have been
eliminated by the sword there and then (for it was laughter rather
than distress which overcame us) if I had not chewed some laurel
leaves, which I took from my garland, and persuaded the others who
were seated near me to chew theirs, so that by the steady movement
of our jaws we might hide the fact that we were laughing.
82

In Cassius Dio’s eyewitness account, the emperor Commodus,
maniacally grinning and waving a severed ostrich head, is clearly,
and dangerously, on the wrong side of the fence. What Dio later
portrayed as amusement at a farcical spectacle, was more likely at
the time the nervous, dry laughter of deep fear. To have an emperor
waving a severed head at you is not really funny until that emperor
himself is safely dead. Dio and his senatorial colleagues must have
been panic-stricken. Their terror was well founded. At the games
Roman emperors not only emphasized their importance as
upholders of social convention, they also underscored their
autocratic position by demonstrating their ability to violate society’s
rules with total immunity.

What a society does in its leisure time is an important indication of
how it seeks to organize its world. Amphitheatres, with the crowds
and spectacles they were designed to contain, were places that
celebrated both order and violence; places where Roman society
and imperial power were on public parade; places where in the
middle of its cities members of a militaristic society continued to
wage war – sometimes against each other – even in times of peace.
83

Christians to the lions

Emperors were powerful (and were seen to be so); unlike the crowd,
seated in their orderly rows, or those slaughtered in the games
precisely because they were outsiders, emperors could act however
they pleased. They could capriciously cross the boundaries that
separated violence and order. An emperor posing as a gladiator was
a frightening sight for Cassius Dio and his colleagues precisely
because it exposed the weakness of their position as senators and
the importance of convention for the maintenance of their status.
Unlike emperors, senators had no social room to move. Commodus’
potent display of autocratic power challenged everything that Dio
stood for, everything he relied upon for the security of his rank and
position. It might be possible to laugh later; but, at the time, the
only person smiling must have been the emperor: no doubt amused
at the sight of rows of bovine senators surreptitiously munching
their laurel crowns and hoping that nobody would notice.

Like the great mediaeval cathedrals of northern Europe,
amphitheatres dominated the cityscape of many Roman
towns. Alongside armies, taxes, laws, and administration, they
helped impose a deﬁnitive and recognizable order on the
conquered provinces of empire. Fenced off within the conﬁnes of
an amphitheatre, the brutal process of conquest could be
effortlessly re-enacted and (this time) loudly applauded. Bloody
spectacles allowed regimented crowds all over the empire to go
on campaign without leaving the comfort of their own home
towns. And, importantly, in their amphitheatres the spectators
always won.

The Roman Empire

The martyrs’ brigade
It was in this same threatening space where Roman society sought
to hold in play life and death, violence and order, society and its
enemies that many Christians went willingly to their deaths.
Martyrdom was not a Christian innovation, it had clear Jewish
antecedents; but Christian martyrdom was distinctive in being
deliberately sought in front of an unbelieving and hostile crowd. It
ran its grim course in one of the most important public places in any
Roman city. It intersected directly with the complex compression of
violence and order that marked out the Roman experience of games
in the amphitheatre.
That martyrdoms were bloody spectaculars should not be doubted.
In AD 177, the crowd in Lyon that cheered a group of Christians to
their deaths saw one torn on the rack, another fried in an iron chair,
a third tossed by a bull, the rest thrown to half-starved lions who
ripped their victims limb from limb. Throwing Christians to the
lions in the full, public gaze of a well-dressed crowd sitting in
orderly rows in an amphitheatre must have seemed a dramatic
assertion of Roman majority power over a minority sect. But it is
also necessary to maintain some proper sense of proportion. Amidst
shows which brought together wild beasts and miscreants from all
over the Mediterranean and slaughtered them for the enjoyment of
84

spectators, a few Christians thrown to the lions cannot have caused
that much excitement. They were just another group of
undesirables to be paraded round, jeered at, and killed.

Christians – like capricious emperors – deliberately set out to
challenge the carefully constructed balance of order and violence at
the centre of gladiatorial games. Emperors thereby demonstrated
that they stood powerfully above the concerns and conventions of
this world; Christians thereby proclaimed that they were only
concerned with the world to come. In the early 2nd century,
Ignatius, bishop of Antioch in Syria, declared uncompromisingly on
his way to martyrdom:
From Syria all the way to Rome I am ﬁghting with wild beasts
by land and sea, by night and day . . . Let there come upon me ﬁre
and the cross, and packs of wild beasts, laceration, dismemberment,
the dislocation of bones, the severing of limbs, the crushing of the
whole body . . . For I am the wheat of God and I am ground by the
teeth of wild beasts so that I may be found to be the pure bread of
Christ.

Above all, it was martyrdom’s power to subvert that mattered. The
bloody stories of martyrs’ sufferings were read out in church. These
85

Christians to the lions

But for Christians, a martyr’s torture and death was not a
demoralizing defeat at the hands of a hostile and unforgiving
community. Martyrdom was a triumph; it was a dramatic public act
of deﬁance in the very place where Roman society had chosen to put
itself on display and to demonstrate its own superiority. For
Christians in the cities of the empire, martyrdom became a signal
afﬁrmation of their faith and a potent demonstration of their open
contempt for Roman order. A public profession of Christianity and
a horriﬁcally memorable public execution were central to
martyrdom’s claim to be a successful act of protest and a rallying
point for believers. No other death sanctiﬁed an otherwise
seemingly irrational desire for self-sacriﬁce.

vivid and detailed accounts of Christian deaths allowed their
victories to be repeated at every reading. When in the mid-150s
Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna (modern Izmir), was burned at the
stake, according to the account of those Christians who claimed to
have witnessed the event:
The ﬂames formed into the shape of a vault, just like a ship’s sail
bellying out in the wind, and encircled the martyr’s body like a wall.
He was in their midst not as burning ﬂesh but rather as bread being
baked, or like gold and silver being reﬁned in a furnace. From it we
perceived such a sweet smelling fragrance as though it were

The Roman Empire

smoking incense or some other costly perfume.

Christian martyrdom turned the Roman world upside-down. In
Christian eyes, the mutilated bodies of the martyrs were beautiful to
behold. To the Christian nose, the smell of singed ﬂesh was
overpowering in its scented sweetness. Beautiﬁcation was a
necessary prelude to beatiﬁcation. And, importantly, in their martyr
acts the Christians always won.

Roman reactions
By and large, Romans regarded Christians as a laughable and easily
expendable group. At the turn of the 2nd century AD, 25 years after
the ‘Martyrs of Lyon’ went to their deaths, a grafﬁto was scratched
on the wall plaster of a building that formed part of the imperial
palace on the Palatine Hill in the centre of Rome. It shows the
cruciﬁxion of a man with the head of a donkey; beside the cross an
onlooker raises his arms in an attitude of prayer; underneath an
awkwardly executed inscription reads (in Greek), ‘Alexander
worships his God.’ This is clearly neither a sophisticated nor
penetrating critique of Christian religion. But the point (in all its
crassness) is clear: Christians are a joke; Alexander is a fool; he
worships his god – a cruciﬁed donkey.
In similar vein, Minucius Felix, a lawyer and Christian convert
86

Christians to the lions

15. Anti-Christian grafﬁto from the Paedagogium, part of the imperial
palace on the Palatine Hill, Rome

writing in the early 3rd century, ﬁlled out his imaginary dialogue
between a Christian and a pagan by including some of the abuse to
which he claimed Christians were regularly subjected.
They recognise each other by secret signs and marks. . . . I hear that
they consecrate and, following some absurdly ignorant belief,
87

worship the head of a donkey, the lowest of all beasts. . . . The stories
of the initiation of newcomers are as revolting as they are well
known. An infant covered with dough to deceive the unsuspecting is
placed next to the person to be inducted into the sacred rites. The
novice is incited to inﬂict what seem to be harmless blows on
the surface of the dough and by these unseen and secret wounds the
infant is killed. The blood – and this an unholy outrage – they lap up

The Roman Empire

greedily; the limbs they eagerly tear apart.

These insults should not be taken too seriously, either as a
description of early Christianity or of what ordinary Romans really
believed about it. (Although, one should perhaps not be too
surprised at the accusations of cannibalism. A religion whose
central rite involves the symbolic consumption of the body and
blood of its founder might perhaps expect such an attack.) In this
passage factual accuracy is unimportant; what matters above all is
that it is pure abuse. Here abuse, as it so often does, marks out
boundaries and reinforces group solidarity. That is the lesson of
every junior school playground. Listening to abuse, we often learn
more about those making the insults than about their targets. For
some Romans, accusing Christians of bizarre, inhuman, or antisocial practices was also a way of deﬁning what was acceptable in
their own society. Colourful accusations against Christians helped
establish what was properly Roman.
For many, what was most puzzling was Christian martyrs’ steadfast
refusal to participate in Roman society, to enjoy the beneﬁts of
empire, to show due and proper deference to the emperor. No doubt
too, the martyrs’ religiously inspired death frenzies were difﬁcult to
comprehend. As a way of publicly expressing belief, in contrast to
the carefully regulated parades and festivals central to well-ordered
civic society, martyrdom must have seemed both mystifying and
unappealing. Even so, on the whole, the Roman authorities were
not keen to become involved in seeking out Christians and
prosecuting them. At the beginning of the 2nd century, Pliny the
Younger, while governor of Bithynia-Pontus, faced that dilemma.
88

He suspected that the secret meetings and common meals held by
Christians had a more sinister purpose. Pliny began an
investigation and duly executed several Christians who refused to
deny their faith. Yet as so often happens in witch-hunts, accusations
multiply as each new charge is seized upon as a way of settling old
scores. Pliny was next presented with an anonymous pamphlet that
named various people who were allegedly Christian. Perhaps now
somewhat regretting that he had ever started his inquiries, he asked
the emperor’s advice. Trajan’s reply was both simple and revealing.
He instructed Pliny to back off. Christians were not to be sought
out; they were to be given every chance to renounce their faith;
those who recanted were to be pardoned; no anonymous
accusations were to be entertained under any circumstances.

Governor: You may merit the clemency of our lord, the emperor, if
you return to a right mind.
Speratus: We have never committed any wrong, we have never been
party to any wicked deed, we have never uttered a curse, but we
have given thanks when ill-treated because we honour our own
emperor.
Governor: We also are a religious people and our religion is simple:
we swear by our lord, the emperor, and pray for his safety, as you
also ought to do.
Speratus: I do not recognise the empire of this world; but rather I
serve that God whom with these eyes no man has seen, nor can see.
Governor: Cease to be of this persuasion.
Speratus: But that is evil.
Governor: Do you persist in remaining a Christian?
Speratus: I am a Christian.
89

Christians to the lions

In AD 180, three years after the martyrdoms in Lyon, another group
of Christians came before the Roman governor at Carthage. Their
leader was one Speratus. Christian eyewitnesses later recorded their
version of events in the form of a trial transcript.

Governor: Do you not wish any time for consideration?
Speratus: When right is so obvious there is nothing to consider.
Governor: Have a reprieve of thirty days and think it over.
Speratus: I am a Christian.

The Roman Empire

As Speratus became increasingly subversive in his remarks, the
governor was forced, still unwillingly, to order his execution. This is
an important text. It shows that, at least for some Romans,
Christians could be regarded as an anti-social group who tried,
often rather noisily, to attract attention to themselves. As Speratus’
trial reveals, in the face of Roman disinterest, many Christians had
to try quite hard to get themselves thrown to the lions.
For the most part, Christians remained on the edges of Roman
society and on the margins of its consciousness. In the late 180s, an
excited throng mobbed the tribunal of the governor of Asia, Caius
Arrius Antoninus. They made it clear that they were all Christians
and that they expected the governor without delay to condemn
them all to death. Antoninus obligingly had a few of them led away
to execution, but as the others ever more insistently demanded the
same fate, he turned on this pious crowd in exasperation: ‘You
wretches,’ he cried, ‘if you want to die, do you not have cliffs and
ropes?’
Importantly too, pagan Romans, in abusing, executing, or just
ignoring Christians, demonstrated that they had missed – or simply
could not be bothered to recognize – one of the crucial points about
this new religion. By lumping Christians together with criminals,
robbers, and other undesirables, Romans obscured in their own
minds what made this movement exceptional. Christianity was a
religion (obviously); but above all else it was a religion of the book.
Like Judaism, which the Romans regarded as an odd, ethnic, but
undeniably ancient, superstition, Christians relied on a set of sacred
texts which they believed to be the word of God. It is this reliance on
a set of scriptures that marked out Christianity. It made it more
90

than an anti-social organization likely to crumble in the face of
state-sponsored violence.

For Marcion, this was a distinction insufﬁciently recognized by the
evangelists. The Gospels needed radical re-editing to make the
point. In his new version, Marcion rejected outright the stories of
the birth of Christ. In his view, it was inconceivable that God could
have been born of a women – virgin or otherwise. Four Gospels too,
he contended, produced unnecessary contradictions. Marcion
eliminated Matthew, Mark, and John, and expurgated Luke, adding
a selection of St Paul’s letters. Needless to say, Marcion’s ideas did
91

Christians to the lions

The establishment of a canonical set of texts was crucial to early
Christianity. The New Testament did not appear fully formed. In
the two centuries after Christ, different versions were written;
different attempts at writing about God hotly debated. A key ﬁgure
in these disputes was Marcion. Writing in Rome in the early 2nd
century, Marcion argued that the Jewish God of the Old Testament
was not the same as the Christian God. As he set out to demonstrate
in his aptly entitled Antitheses, the inconsistencies were simply too
great. The God of Moses had created Adam and Eve and thus
allowed evil to come into the world. He was responsible for what
Marcion regarded as the humiliating process of sexual
reproduction, the discomforts of pregnancy, and the pains of
childbirth. This Old Testament god, far from being a model of
beneﬁcent mercy, had allowed his prophet Elisha to vent his rage on
children who had teased him by having them mauled by bears. He
had stopped the noonday sun to give Joshua a better opportunity
for the slaughter of the Amorites. His ignorance was clearly
manifest in his question to Adam in the Garden of Eden: ‘Adam,
where art thou?’ Marcion argued that this was not the sort of
question one should expect an omniscient deity to have to ask. Such
a god could not be the guarantor of Christian salvation. The
revealed creator-god of the Old Testament, with its harsh judicial
sanctions and demands for vengeance, was distinct from the God of
the New Testament with its promise of liberating grace.

The Roman Empire

not ﬁnd general acceptance; in 144 he was expelled from the church
in Rome. That is unsurprising: after all, Marcion’s project went to
the heart of this new religion. If Christianity was to be based on a
book, then what should that book look like?
Outside the Christian fold these arguments surrounding the
creation of a book that in some way deﬁned a divinity were mostly
ignored. When Speratus came before the governor in Carthage, he
had a satchel under his arm. The governor asked: ‘What have you
got in that case?’ Speratus replied: ‘Books and the letters of Paul, a
just man.’ But the governor showed no further interest. It was only
at the very end of the 3rd century, when the Christian church was a
widespread and well-organized institution, that the importance of
these documents was realized. In 303, another transcript of
proceedings against Christians shows Roman authorities looking
for books. In Cirta (modern Constantine in Algeria), Felix, the head
of the town council, confronted Catullinus and Marcuclius, junior
ofﬁcials from the local church.
Felix: Bring out the scriptures which you possess so that we can
obey the orders and command of the emperors.
(Catullinus produced one reasonably large volume.)

Felix: Why have you given me one volume only? Produce the
scriptures which you possess.
Catullinus and Marcuclius: We don’t have any more because we are
sub-deacons. The readers have the books.
Felix: Show me the readers!
Catullinus and Marcuclius: We don’t know where they live.
Felix: If you don’t know where they live, tell me their names.
Catullinus and Marcuclius: We are not traitors; here we are, order
us to be killed.
Felix: Arrest them.
92

But this is not a story of martyrdom. Pressure is exerted and the
sub-deacons change their mind. Eventually the chief magistrate,
having located the readers, retired satisﬁed with several volumes of
religious material.

This was a lesson not lost on the emperor Constantine. In 312, ten
years after Diocletian’s Great Persecution, Constantine became the
ﬁrst Roman emperor to embrace Christianity. A key element in
Constantine’s subsequent public support of his new religion was a
concern to establish a ﬁrm and testable basis for belief. His aim was
to end the debates on the nature and number of the scriptures and
to deﬁne the Christian God. Constantine was remarkably
successful. Faced with a bitter dispute on the divinity of Christ, he
summoned the ﬁrst Mediterranean-wide, ecumenical conference of
bishops. They met in June 325 at the lakeside town of Nicaea in
north-western Turkey. It is principally thanks to Constantine’s
coercion of those Christian leaders assembled at the Council of
Nicaea that the ‘Nicene Creed’ was ﬁrst drafted:
I believe in one God, Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth,
And of all things visible and invisible: And in one Lord Jesus Christ,
the only-begotten Son of God, Begotten of his Father before all
93

Christians to the lions

These proceedings formed part of the persecution by the emperor
Diocletian. This was the most effective attempt by the Roman
government to deal with Christianity. By seizing books rather than
people, Diocletian went to the core of this new religion. It is not
surprising that later Christian writers should have referred to these
years as ‘The Great Persecution’. In the end, the Church survived:
Christianity was low on Diocletian’s list of priorities; by the end of
the 3rd century, the Church was a strong, tightly knit body, and
many confronted by the Roman authorities were able successfully
to pass off other books as their sacred texts. But the lesson of the
Great Persecution was important. It clearly exposed to all, and
especially to those imperial ofﬁcials charged with executing
Diocletian’s orders, Christianity’s dependence on the written word.

worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Very God of very God, Begotten,
not made, Being of one substance with the Father, By whom all
things were made.

The Roman Empire

This statement remains the basic formula which modern Christians
of all major denominations continue to use in expressing and
afﬁrming their faith. The Nicene Creed is not to be found anywhere
in the New Testament. It is the product of a much later drive to
deﬁne Christianity as a system of beliefs, a means of imposing unity
on the Church as an institution.
For many who did not share the emperor’s beliefs, Constantine’s
open profession of Christianity must have come as an unpleasant
surprise. Looking back – with all the advantages of hindsight – they
might perhaps have regretted the previous nonchalant indifference
of many Romans. Some no doubt wished that more Christians had
been thrown to more lions. But treating Christians like criminals
missed the central point of Christianity. It obscured its fundamental
reliance on language, on the scriptures, on the Word. It failed to
prevent the growth of a sect of fanatics, self-righteously convinced
of their own beliefs; a sect that gained both identity and adherents
through its gloriﬁcation of the martyrs, many slaughtered in one of
the most symbolically signiﬁcant spaces in a Roman town. On
reﬂection, it would have been far better to have let the Christians go.
Throwing them to the lions certainly provided good entertainment,
but it was ultimately counter-productive. If the Roman authorities
in the ﬁrst two centuries AD had been really interested in
suppressing Christianity, a much more effective strategy would have
been to ignore individual Christians and instead to have seized and
burned their books.

94

Chapter 6
Living and dying

Through the keyhole
The House of Menander was one of the smartest residences in
Pompeii. It occupied over half a city block in the southern
part of town, roughly mid-way between the forum and the
amphitheatre. Its size (at around 1,700 square metres), its
lavish decoration, its carefully planned layout, and its expensive
furnishings, together reﬂected both the resources and the tastes
of its owner.
The houses excavated at Pompeii and Herculaneum (both near
modern Naples in southern Italy) are remarkable for their ﬁne
state of preservation; they offer a precious opportunity to
understand more closely how the well-off might have lived. Sealed
by the volcanic debris that smothered the town following the
eruption of Vesuvius in late August AD 79, the House of
Menander stands ﬁxed in time; a moment in the Roman past
forever frozen.
This house was built to impress. Entering from the street through a
grand front door (4.15 metres high, ﬂanked by pilasters), the visitor
had an immediate impression of space and grandeur. The vestibule
(atrium) was large and airy (two storeys high with a ﬂoor area of
73 square metres); an opening in the roof (compluuium) was
95

The Roman Empire

16. Ground-plan of the House of Menander, Pompeii

surrounded by terracotta gutter-spouts in the shape of dolphins.
When it rained, water spurted noisily into a white marble pool
(impluuium) below, draining into a cistern underneath. From the
front door the visitor could see 40 metres into the house: across the
atrium, past the columns that framed the entrance to an inner hall
(tablinum), and beyond to the back of a walled garden surrounded
by a colonnade.

96

17. View through the atrium to the walled garden, House of Menander,
Pompeii

The Roman Empire

This vista was carefully contrived. An optical illusion increased the
apparent depth of the house: the nearest pair of columns (at the
entrance to the tablinum) was taller than the second pair (part of
the northern colonnade); those furthest away (the colonnade on the
other side of the garden) were both more closely spaced and partly
obscured by a low parapet, thus seeming shorter and even more
distant than in fact they were. The visitor’s gaze was drawn into the
house, through zones of alternating light and shade (the atrium lit
by the compluuium above; the covered tablinum; the open
courtyard; the roofed colonnade), past the lush vegetation and wild
animals painted on the low parapets around the garden, and then
up to real scenery, topped by nearby mountain peaks.
These elaborate visual conceits were accentuated by an equally
carefully devised decorative scheme. Most of the surviving work is
associated with various repairs and alterations made in the years
following a severe earthquake in AD 62. Reconstruction progressed
slowly (perhaps through a shortage of skilled labour); certainly,
there is ample evidence that nearly 20 years later, right up until the
time of the eruption, there were still builders on site. By then the
main rooms had been refurbished in the latest style. In the atrium
the walls were plastered and painted with large red panels and
yellow surrounds; this theme was transposed in the tablinum with
its yellow panels and red surrounds. In the centre of the red panels
in the atrium theatrical masks were delicately depicted; on the
yellow ground, charming scenes of birds, fruit, and waterfowl;
above, a series of painted panels offered a portfolio of views of
fantasy landscapes and grand country houses.
To the east of the atrium, in a large alcove (3.45 metres wide and
3.75 deep), the spaces between the panels (here, like the tablinum,
yellow with a red surround) were each ﬁlled by a painted niche; in
front – continuing the artful illusion – an elaborate picture ‘hung’
in a dark-purple ‘frame’. All three of these scenes show events
connected to the sack of Troy, vividly described to Dido and her
court by the refugee Aeneas on his arrival in Carthage. On the back
98

Living and dying

18. Wall-painting of Cassandra and the Trojan Horse, alcove off the
atrium, House of Menander, Pompeii

wall, directly facing the viewer, a cheering crowd of Trojans hauls
the wooden horse towards the city. Heedless of their fate, and
ignoring the warnings of the priestess Cassandra (who is dragged
roughly away), they make ready to bring the horse into Troy
through a breach in the walls.
These paintings are beautiful in themselves; the costly decorative
scheme pleasing to the eye; but it also tested the education of any
visitor: would the general reference to Virgil’s Aeneid (speciﬁcally
Book II) be understood? Could the better educated discern where
the artist, perhaps as carefully commissioned, had deviated from
Virgil’s text? (In the Aeneid Cassandra confronts the wooden horse
inside Troy, not outside the walls.) The literary preferences of the
99

The Roman Empire

owner were also expressed in the decoration of the rear (southern)
wall of the garden colonnade. Here, in the central of three spacious
niches, idealized portraits of three great playwrights were painted.
The only one that can securely be identiﬁed is a seated ﬁgure of
Menander, the famous early 4th-century BC author of Greek
comedies, after whom the house is now named.
For those who could appreciate such things, the garden, its
paintings, and the colonnade made a clear intellectual statement.
Here was everything that might be associated with a literary salon
in the house of a much wealthier man: a secluded place for private
study (appropriately decorated with playwrights), a colonnade for
reading and discussion, a larger room for recitations (several of a
suitable size opened off the colonnade), and a library (perhaps the
room immediately to the left of the three garden niches; inside
holes in the plain, white plaster indicated that shelf-brackets had
been ﬁxed to three walls). A small, self-contained bath building next
to the garden added to a sense of civilized luxury. Here too the
owner asserted a connection between himself and an even more
privileged world. The House of Menander offered in miniature the
same facilities as might be found in any grand country house (like
those illustrated on the walls of the atrium). The literary allusions,
in both architecture and decoration, also marked out the kind of
guests – cultured, wealthy, educated, leisured – who might be
expected to be entertained in this part of the house; or whom the
owner might wish to ﬂatter by introducing to such surroundings as
if they were already familiar.
The House of Menander was elegantly designed; by turns, its subtle
use of space drew visitors in, courted their approval, and presented
a series of social and intellectual challenges. Its decorative scheme
demanded educated interpretation (some no doubt admired in
judicious silence). These tests could be carefully graded. Light,
wooden partitions might exclude visitors from certain parts of the
house or increase their pleasure and sense of privilege at being
admitted to view yet another impressive room. Fittings in the wall
100

show that the alcove (with its views of Troy) could be screened off, as
could the entrance to the tablinum. Between the tablinum and the
colonnade were found square, bronze pivot-settings and hinges
from a set of wooden folding doors. The full vista, from the atrium
to the central niche in the far wall of the garden, was not always on
display: the house might be opened up in the warm summer
months, and then only for more distinguished visitors.

While the main service areas were marginalized, this does not mean
that all domestic activity was entirely excluded from view, as it
might have been, for example, in a grand Victorian residence. In the
House of Menander the colonnade was also used for open-air
cooking (the remains of braziers were found) and for storage. The
large jars of wine and olive oil were not hastily tidied away before
101

Living and dying

In addition to the careful placing of physical barriers, the house was
policed by a retinue of slaves and servants. A visitor would ﬁrst
encounter the janitor (ostiarius or atriensis) who slept in a small,
plainly decorated room to the left of the front door. Others would
regulate progress, or block any further passage, a nomenclator
(literally, ‘name-caller’) announcing visitors as they entered the
space in which their host had chosen to receive them. No visitor
passed through any of the service areas. In the House of Menander
these were clearly set apart. Off one side of the garden colonnade, a
long corridor and steps gave access to the staff quarters (with its
own street entrance); from the other side, another long, angled
corridor led to the kitchens. The main kitchen was well equipped: a
hearth protected by a masonry hood; in the corner, a large sink
whose outﬂow ﬂushed a latrine in the adjacent room; back along
the corridor, nine steps led down to a sunken garden with herbs and
vegetables planted out in circular beds. The contrast with the
central part of the house was inescapable. The kitchens and staff
quarters were carefully hidden away (no inviting vistas here), their
decoration rarely more than a coat of coarse plaster. Compared to
the lavish brilliance of the reception rooms, they were designed to
be invisible.

The Roman Empire

visitors arrived. Rather, what mattered was the careful regulation of
access. From that point of view, the House of Menander eloquently
articulated an ascending register of social distinction. Some visitors
might never progress beyond the atrium, not even catching a
glimpse of the garden; others would be warmly welcomed and
conducted through the house to join a gathering, perhaps in the
colonnade; those particularly favoured would be entertained in
ones or twos in one of the smaller, exquisitely appointed rooms.
Regrettably, the identity of the owner of this ﬁne residence is not
known, but his self-evident wealth places him ﬁrmly amongst
Pompeii’s elite. Like his well-off friends, he owned a house which
both complemented and reinforced his social position.
The houses of the elite were not designed as secluded, private places
withdrawn from the competitive concerns of the outside world.
Rather, in towns throughout the Roman empire, they were built as
showy stage-sets on which the owner could further that competition
by putting himself on controlled public display to a select audience.
No doubt the House of Menander impressed many of its visitors, at
least in that narrow social circle which dominated a moderately
important town in southern Italy. Yet, for all its clever architectural
contrivance and literary pretensions, it would not have been much
admired by the really rich, who possessed stately country houses –
not merely wall-paintings of them. At best, they might have smiled
indulgently at the imitation of the luxuries of truly cultivated living.
At worst, they might have regarded the House of Menander as a
vulgar attempt to ape a society all too obviously far beyond its
owner’s experience and ﬁnances.

The facts of life
For many modern visitors wandering through the houses of
Pompeii or Herculaneum, or walking reﬂectively along the streets
in Ephesus, Aphrodisias, or Lepcis Magna, or any of the other wellpreserved sites across the Mediterranean, it is attractive to think
that an intimate connection might be forged with at least some of
102

the inhabitants of the Roman empire. Towns like Pompeii seem to
reveal so much about the routine of daily life and (perhaps even
more striking) something of the sheer ordinariness and apparent
familiarity of the ancient world: from designer courtyard gardens
to kitchen sinks and vegetable plots; from the time taken by
builders to complete a construction job to the anxious concern of
a host to impress his guests with the modernity and fashionable
good taste of his home. But – as thinking about the House of
Menander also makes clear – there are strict limits to such exercises
in well-meaning empathy. However similar to our own concerns
some of the very human activities of the ancient world might at
ﬁrst sight seem to be, they must be set alongside habits, attitudes,
and expectations that make Roman society fundamentally
different from the developed, industrial world of the early 21st
century.

Statistical models can act as helpful guides to understanding
populations. They have the advantage of establishing a clear
framework for thinking about probable age structures, fertility, and
mortality rates. The disadvantage of such generalized abstractions
is that they can only reﬂect probabilities. By deﬁnition, models
ﬂatten out individual experiences and the inevitable ﬂuctuations
103

Living and dying

The Roman empire was dogged by disease and death. Average life
expectancy at birth was between 20 and 30 years, roughly one-third
of the rate prevailing in modern, Westernized societies. Such a
calculation rests less on direct ancient evidence, which is patchy
and often poor, than on the assumption that it is reasonable to think
of the Roman world following trends common to underdeveloped
countries, well known from early 20th-century studies in India and
China. At the very least, these help to set parameters. An average
life expectancy at birth below 20 years would have resulted in rapid
population decline; on the other hand, one above 30 years would
make the Roman empire more demographically successful than any
known pre-modern society under comparable environmental,
social, and economic conditions.

The Roman Empire

across time, from region to region, and between various social
groups. These particularities are best exposed by speciﬁc
investigations: the examination of skeletal evidence from Roman
cemeteries (although adults are much more likely to be better
preserved than children), or the plotting of ages recorded on
epitaphs (although in some cases these records can be shown to be
distorted, more closely reﬂecting cultural preferences for selective
commemoration than patterns of actual mortality).
The ‘model life table’ most commonly applied to the Roman empire
is conventionally known as ‘Model West, level 3’. It assumes both a
stationary population (that is, with a zero growth rate and a
constant age structure) and one stable over time (that is, without
the effects of either migration or plague). The two columns on
the left in Figure 19 track a notional cohort of 100,000 females at
ﬁve-year intervals from birth to age 85. The third column gives the
average remaining life expectancy at those same ﬁve-year intervals.
The fourth column gives the percentage of the population in each
age group.
The patterns are striking. On this model, only half of all babies
survive to age 5; the mortality rate is highest in the months
immediately after birth, with about one-third of newborns dying
before their ﬁrst birthday. Those who survive to age 5 have, on
average, a good prospect of living another 40 years. Such high
mortality results in a young population. The average age in Model
West, level 3 is 27.3 years for females and 26.2 for males; or, put
another way, just over 40% of the population are less than 20, only
4% are 65 years or older. Again, these ﬁgures have no pretensions to
exactitude; rather, they should be seen as falling within a broader
band of probability. That said, within the limitations of a model life
table, they offer a valuable sense of the likely proportional
relationships between age cohorts. In crude terms, in Roman
society the young generally outnumbered the old by somewhere
around ten to one; in sharp contrast, this ratio in modern,
Westernized societies is under three to one.
104

There is a plausible match between this demographic model for the
Roman world and the best surviving evidence. These data,
spanning the 1st to the 3rd centuries AD, come from just over 300
returns ﬁled with the local authorities in Roman Egypt as part of a
periodic census of the province’s population. Preserved on these
scraps of papyrus are the details of nearly 1,100 registered persons.
The returns suggest an average life expectancy at birth of between
22 and 25 years, with roughly one-third of the population less than
15 years old. These ﬁgures, at the lower end of the 20- to 30-year
range for average life expectancy in the Roman empire, perhaps also
reﬂect the consequences of a high population density in the fertile
and disease-prone Fayum (south of the Nile delta), the region from
which two-thirds of the surviving census data come. It is reasonable
to assume that the differing ecological conditions around the
Mediterranean (arid land, marshes, mountains, plains) would have
had an impact on the life expectancy of their particular populations.
105

Living and dying

19. Model Life Table, West level 3, Female

The Roman Empire

Yet, even taking into account environmental variation, it is
unlikely that the wealthy necessarily fared signiﬁcantly better
than the rural poor. Under the empire the Senate in Rome had a
stable membership of around 600, sustained by a regular annual
entry of 20 ex-quaestors (former holders of the most junior
magistracy) aged, on average, about 25. This inter-linked pattern
of death and recruitment implies that ex-quaestors might
normally be expected to survive into their mid-50s and, more
broadly, a corresponding average life expectancy at birth in the
high 20s. It is likely that the preferential access to superior
resources enjoyed by the most privileged members of Roman
society was offset by the long periods spent in highly infectious
environments such as army camps and crowded urban centres.
An analysis of the ages of 30 emperors (from the 1st to the 7th
centuries) who died of natural causes indicates an average
life expectancy at birth of 26.3 years. For all their riches and
power, Roman emperors, even if they successfully avoided
assassination, could not hope to live signiﬁcantly longer than
their subjects.
These statistics offer a general impression of the Roman population.
Above all, they underscore the persistent incidence of death,
particularly amongst infants and the young. Disease was everpresent. The major likely causes of death are familiar from preindustrial Europe: dysentery and diarrhoea; fevers such as cholera,
typhoid, and malaria; pulmonary illnesses such as pneumonia and
tuberculosis. The high mortality rate also reﬂects generally poor
nutrition, low standards of hygiene, a cramped urban population in
which infection spread rapidly, and (in marked contrast to many
early modern nation states) the impossibility, in a large and undergoverned empire, of the central authorities being able to impose any
strict quarantine. In AD 165, a Roman army returning from
campaign in Persia introduced smallpox permanently into the
Mediterranean world. The plague lasted for 25 years, and may have
wiped out up to 6 million people, roughly 10% of the empire’s
population.
106

Harsh mortality rates placed a considerable burden on the
reproductive capabilities of Roman women. It is self-evident that in
order to maintain a stable population, on average, each woman
reaching menarche (the time at which she is physiologically able to
conceive) must bear one daughter who also reaches menarche. In a
society with high infant mortality, the number of live births needed
to satisfy this inexorable demographic demand rises sharply. On
average (again using Model West, level 3 as a useful indicator of
probabilities), 2.5 female live births are required to maintain a
stable population, or for each woman at least ﬁve children
altogether.

The Egyptian data also display a close relationship between fertility
and fecundity, that is between the birth rate and the physiological
capacity of women to bear children. The birth rate remained
roughly stable between the ages of 20 and 35, declining steeply after
45. In marked contrast to normal practice in modern, Westernized
societies, there is no evidence of the deliberate cessation of
procreation after either the birth or the survival through infancy of
a certain number of children. Married women continued to fall
pregnant for as long as they were able. Some were remarkably
successful. The Egyptian census returns attest couples with as many
107

Living and dying

The Egyptian census data reveal a number of ways in which that
population group responded to such severe reproductive pressure.
On the whole, women married early; on average at just under 20
years. This seems to have been common practice. Funerary
inscriptions from the western provinces of the empire (analysed on
the reasonable assumption that an unmarried woman is more likely
to be commemorated by her parents and a married woman by her
husband) indicate an average age at ﬁrst marriage in the late teens
or early 20s. Marriage was also a means of spreading the
reproductive burden as widely as possible. In Egypt, 60% of women
were married by the age of 20, the remainder by 30. Marriage
was near universal. There were very few spinsters in the Roman
empire.

as eight children. The overwhelming majority declare between zero
and three children, but, of course, these returns do not record the
number of infant deaths in each family. Moreover, in a stationary
population, one-ﬁfth of marriages are childless, and a further
one-ﬁfth have only one or more daughters. Behind these cold
statistics lies the palpable pain of parents desperately attempting to
secure their succession into the next generation. In the mid 2nd
century AD, the senator and distinguished orator Marcus Cornelius
Fronto lost his ﬁrst ﬁve children in early infancy. In an anguished
letter to his former pupil, the emperor Marcus Aurelius, Fronto
movingly expressed his sorrow at his failure to start a family.
I have lost ﬁve children in, for me, the most wretched of
circumstances. For I lost all ﬁve one by one, in each case losing an

The Roman Empire

only child, suffering these bereavements in succession so that I
never had a child born to me unless I had been deprived of another.
Thus I always lost children without any left behind to console me
and, with my grief still fresh, I fathered others.

The risks of high mortality vitiated any reliable, long-term family
planning. The majority of those recorded in the Egyptian census
data lived in some kind of extended household whose membership
might change signiﬁcantly and suddenly. In one household (from
the census of AD 187–188) a married couple have living with them
their own daughter, an adult son and daughter from the husband’s
two previous marriages, and the wife’s son and daughter from her
previous marriage. Families extended horizontally to embrace those
in the same generation or the offspring of previous marriages; it was
much less common for them to include a third generation, such as
grandparents, for any length of time. These aggregations reﬂected
the consequences of an overall high mortality rate, again
unpredictable and highly variable in its impact on individual
families. The averages alone make for stark reading: perhaps up to
one-third of children lost their fathers before reaching puberty;
over half became fatherless before the age of 25; the average
10-year-old had only a one in two chance of having any of his
108

grandparents alive; fewer than 1% of 20-year-olds had a surviving
paternal grandfather.

Look back at the past and at all the changes in the present; it is also
possible to foresee the future, for it will be precisely the same and
cannot escape from the rhythm of the present. Hence to study a
man’s life for forty years is the same as studying it for ten thousand
years. For what more will you see?

Far from the madding crowd
Most modern imaginings of the Roman empire understandably
concentrate on the elite. It is pleasant to picture ourselves walking
with princes, offering counsel to the powerful, luxuriating in the
grand residences of the rich, appreciating the works of Virgil,
109

Living and dying

Taken together, these patterns of mortality, marriage, child-bearing,
and extended families mark out an experience utterly alien to
industrialized societies with much higher life expectancy, much
lower birth rates, and the pressing social and ﬁnancial obligations
of supporting an ageing population. The contrasts are signiﬁcant:
surveying the Roman empire, modern eyes might be most
immediately struck by the relative absence of old people; the
pervasive presence of teenagers; the incidence of orphaned
children; and, above all, the distressingly high number of dead
babies. This was a society in which it was reasonable to think that (if
they survived childhood) most people’s lives would have run their
course by their mid-40s. Such an expectation also carries with it a
radically different sense of the passage of time, of the trajectory of
an individual’s career (after all, elite high-ﬂyers entered the Senate
at 25), and of what might reasonably be achieved or experienced in
a generation. In the 170s AD, the emperor Marcus Aurelius, writing
in his journal (known to posterity as his Meditations), reﬂected on
the dull repetitiveness of human existence. In Marcus’ melancholic
reckoning, a lifetime of 40 years was sufﬁcient to comprehend the
tedium of eternity.

The Roman Empire

Tacitus, or Plutarch alongside those cognoscenti for whom they were
ﬁrst written. In this there is nothing to be ashamed. Indeed, these
are experiences which most Romans would have envied. In a
Mediterranean-wide population of some 60 million, the wealthy
perhaps numbered no more than 200,000.
There are, of course, other enthusiasms. The extensive
archaeological remains of the Roman military – its weapons, its
armour, and, above all, the forts still standing along Hadrian’s
Wall in northern Britain and the Rhine frontier in Germany –
have inspired some to recreate the daily routine of serving
legionaries. These too are minority pursuits. The army under
Marcus Aurelius in the late 2nd century AD perhaps totalled
500,000 men, less than 1% of the empire’s population. A wider
perspective is offered by the magniﬁcent ruins of Roman towns.
Certainly, as at Pompeii, it is possible to establish some reliable
sense of what life might have been like – at least for around 15% of
the empire’s population.
The majority of the inhabitants of the Roman empire lived and
worked on the land. Land was not only the main source of
subsistence in the ancient world, it was also the principal index of
wealth. Land was concentrated in the hands of the well-off. A
register from the very beginning of the 2nd century AD, surviving
from the unremarkable town of Ligures Baebiani in southern Italy,
records contributors to a scheme promoted by the emperor Trajan
to support a select group of citizen children. The register indicates
that 3.5% of the richest landowners held 21.3% of the land (one
individual held 11.2%). At the other end of the scale, 14% of the
poorest landowners owned only 3.6% of the holdings listed. The
size of these estates is difﬁcult to determine. The register from
Ligures Baebiani gives only capital values; nor is it known what area
it covers. In addition, only properties worth enough to allow their
owners to participate in Trajan’s scheme were included. The
smallest farms, omitted from the register altogether, may have been
less than 2.5 hectares. This was the maximum size of plots allotted
110

to Roman citizens who settled conquered territory in northern Italy
in the early 2nd century BC. From the 1st century AD veterans
(discharged after 25 years’ service in the legions) were established
in purpose-built towns across the empire and assigned holdings of
up to 5 hectares. These colonial ventures left their mark on the
provincial landscape: the regular, chessboard pattern of ancient
farms is still visible in large tracts of the Tunisian countryside.

In the Mediterranean basin, the basic crops were cereals (chieﬂy
barley and wheat), dry legumes (broad beans, peas, chickpeas,
lentils), vines, and olives. Dry legumes provided vitamin B2 and
calcium, absent from cereals; the olive was a major source of fat, oil,
lighting, and soap. A smallholder might also keep pigs (for meat),
goats (for cheese), and a few sheep (particularly for manure). Cattle
were rare. In the semi-arid Mediterranean lowlands where good
111

Living and dying

Agriculture depended on the peasantry. Only on large estates in
Italy, Sicily, southern Gaul, and parts of North Africa did slave
labour make any signiﬁcant contribution. For the most part, the
ﬁelds were worked by owner-occupiers and their families, by tenant
farmers, and by wage labourers. These are overlapping categories. A
small proprietor might supplement his income by working on a
nearby estate during the harvest. Indeed, the size of the plots
allotted to veterans, too small for self-sufﬁciency, particularly in
areas of poor-quality arable land, assume their owners will be able
to ﬁnd other employment. Inevitably, the methods and style of
cultivation adopted by peasant farmers, whether as owneroccupiers or tenants, were subject to the physical constraints of
climate and terrain: from the cycle of inundation and irrigation in
the Nile valley (the most productive area in the empire) to the rainfed ﬁelds of northern Italy or southern France (fertile enough to
permit crop rotation rather than require biennial fallow); from the
‘run-off’ agriculture of the high steppe and pre-desert zones in
North Africa (where an elaborate network of canals and terraces
distributed water stored after spring rains) to the heavy, wet soils of
Britain and the Rhine-Danube provinces.

The Roman Empire

arable land was in relatively short supply, large-scale animal
husbandry was simply uneconomical. It placed too great a strain on
food and water resources. It is perhaps then unsurprising that for
many classical writers the raising of livestock was principally
associated with far-ﬂung frontier provinces such as Britain and the
nomadic peoples living beyond the Rhine-Danube. A diet rich in
beef and dairy products was a sure indication of barbarism.
Typically, peasant farming aims to trade maximum production
against minimum risk. In much of the Mediterranean, a wide variety
of crops was grown in several ﬁelds scattered across a broken, hilly
landscape. The diversiﬁcation of plant types and the fragmentation
of land acted as a buffer against the chances of crop failure. Careful
storage helped ensure adequate supplies throughout the year.
Individual farmers down on their luck might also be able to rely on
neighbours whom they had perhaps once bailed out in similar
circumstances. But for all their thrift, ingenuity, and mutual
support, hunger was never far away. In the mid 2nd-century, Galen,
one of the most famous ancient doctors whose writings survive,
vividly recalled the effects of food shortage on the rural areas around
his home town of Pergamum (in western Turkey). Those in the
countryside ﬁrst slaughtered their livestock (which they could no
longer feed), then they consumed the acorns which had been stored
in pits as winter food for their pigs. Galen noted that, even in famine
conditions, few died of starvation, but rather of secondary infections
following the consumption of unwholesome substitute foods such
as the shoots of trees and bushes, bulbs, and boiled fresh grass.
Numerous fevers occurred . . . defecation was foul smelling and
painful, and there followed constipation or dysentery; the urine was
acrid or indeed foul-smelling, as some had ulcerous bladders. . . .
Those to whom none of these things happened all died either from
what was evidently inﬂammation of one of the internal organs or
because of the severity and malignity of the fevers.

Despite often harsh environmental conditions and near endemic
112

malnutrition, those on the land were surprisingly resilient in the
face of hardship; but theirs was a fragile economy which might
suddenly be broken by unpredictable crop failure, drought, or ﬂood,
or by the unreasonable demands of landlords, creditors, or tax
collectors. Some peasants weathered these crises; some succumbed
to death, disease, or debt; others slipped from owning their own
farms to become tenants, or from tenants to landless labourers.
Their sons perhaps looked to join the army with the expectation
that, if they survived 25 years’ service in the legions, they would
receive their own plot. Many veterans were settled near the garrison
town in which they had served, often far away from where they had
grown up. And in their new home – like most other people – they
continued to work the land.

113

Living and dying

Smallholders in the Roman empire were a silent majority. They
erected few inscriptions; they were commemorated by few
epitaphs; their humble, wooden farmsteads have mostly perished
without trace; they rarely feature in surviving literary texts, except
perhaps as rustic yokels whose puzzlement in the face of cultivated
urbanity was sure to raise a laugh. Yet the wealth of the Roman
empire depended on those who laboured in the countryside. Their
meagre surpluses, extracted as rents or taxes, funded a peacetime
army stationed on the frontiers and underwrote the network of
cities which gave the empire its administrative and cultural
coherence. Roman history (for both educated contemporaries and
ourselves) understandably concentrates on emperors, wars,
conquest, the rich and powerful, and the remarkably impressive
achievements of an urban civilization. These deserve our attention,
and may merit our admiration. That said, it can sometimes too
easily be forgotten that the stability and prosperity of this vast,
Mediterranean superstate rested squarely on the reluctant backs of
sweating peasants. History is not just about what has chanced to
survive, or what catches the attention of historians. In the face of so
much glittering, imperial magniﬁcence, it is always salutary to
reﬂect that most inhabitants of the Roman empire lacked sufﬁcient
resources to leave behind any lasting memorial.

Chapter 7
Rome revisited

Pax Britannica
On 11 May 1911, Francis Haverﬁeld (Camden Professor of Ancient
History in the University of Oxford) delivered his inaugural address
as President of the newly founded Society for the Promotion of
Roman Studies. Haverﬁeld found it necessary to justify setting up a
learned society: he noted that many might ﬁnd the whole
enterprise ‘done to satisfy the grumbles of a few specialists’. He was
acutely aware that in the past, while such societies had been
responsible through their journals for publishing ‘good work’, it
was also fair to say that ‘a vast mass of rubbish has been printed
with it’; moreover, Haverﬁeld wondered whether ‘individualist
England’ was the best place to advance a programme of ‘collective
study and research’.
Against these possible objections, Haverﬁeld mounted a robust
defence. He insisted on the complexity of Roman history and the
need for teams of experts to assess and evaluate properly the
surviving evidence. It was time to limit the inﬂuence of the
enthusiastic amateur.
We in England have a poor, perhaps a disastrous, conception of
learning . . . It is not merely that people think the learned man a
social nuisance or an oddity . . . But the English have a special
114

indifference to learning as such. They ﬁnd no use for it; they believe
that any Englishman can go where he likes and achieve what he
wishes without training and without knowledge.

But Haverﬁeld had no intention of imprisoning ancient history
within an ivory tower closely guarded by specialists who might
sneer at any attempt to make their discipline accessible. The real
justiﬁcation for the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies
was its contemporary social and political relevance. For Haverﬁeld,
the need to understand Roman history as fully and as accurately as
possible, and to communicate that understanding, was never more
pressing than at the beginning of the 20th century.
Roman history seems to me at the present day the most instructive
of all histories . . . it offers stimulating contrasts and comparisons . . .
Its imperial system, alike in its differences and similarities, lights up

The degree to which a comparative study of British and Roman
imperialism might prove instructive was a matter of debate. At best,
Britain and Rome stood in an awkward relationship. Many
commentators were quick to point out that the differences between
the two empires were so great as to deny any useful parallel: the
British empire was larger and dispersed across the globe; its means of
communication were more rapid and reliable (from the mid-1860s,
the electric telegraph linked Britain and India); its armaments and
methods of warfare were technologically far superior; its industrial,
commercial, and manufacturing capabilities signiﬁcantly more
sophisticated. Most pressing of all, any comparison also needed to
confront the disquieting fact that Britain – for all her subsequent
imperial success – had been a province of the Roman empire. The
conquerors had themselves once been conquered.
Spearheading a patriotic response to the Roman invasion of Britain
was the transformation of Boudica, one of the leaders of the failed
revolt by the Iceni in AD 60, into Boadicea, the potent symbol of a
115

Rome revisited

our own Empire, for example in India, at every turn.

nationalist refusal to submit to foreign tyranny. One empire’s
defeated rebel was to be refashioned as another’s heroine. The
culmination of this metamorphosis was the imposing statue by
Thomas Thornycroft completed in 1871 and erected in bronze on
the Embankment in London in 1902. With a dramatic gesture of
deﬁance, Boadicea stands at the reins of a scythed chariot
(archaeologically unattested) leading her people against the Roman
foe.

The Roman Empire

This was a project in which Albert, the Prince Consort, expressed
a close interest. While Thornycroft was working on the sculpture,
Albert visited the studio and lent horses from his own stables to
serve as models. Both patron and artist were concerned that this

20. Thomas Thornycroft, bronze sculpture, Boadicea, Embankment,
London
116

Boadicea should appear as regal as possible, strongly suggestive
of a young Queen Victoria. As a ﬁnal ﬂourish, William Cowper’s
stirring poem, Boadicea, An Ode, ﬁrst published in 1782, near the
end of the American War of Independence, was quoted on the
statue’s pedestal.
Rome shall perish – write that word
In the blood that she has spilt;
Perish hopeless and abhorr’d,
Deep in ruin as in guilt.
Then the progeny that springs
From the forests of our land,
Arm’d with thunder, clad with wings,
Shall a wider world command.
Regions Caesar never knew,
Rome revisited

Thy posterity shall sway,
Where his eagle never ﬂew,
None invincible as they.

For a nation at the head of an expanding empire, such stirring
stories in praise of native resistance were not without their
ambiguities. In 1857, British rule in India was shaken by a series of
uprisings conventionally known as ‘The Indian Mutiny’. Any
comfortable sense of the British empire as a cooperative enterprise
was abruptly challenged by the brutal death of unarmed civilians.
At Cawnpore (now Kanpur), south of Lucknow, men, women, and
children were lined up in front of trenches and mercilessly
massacred by Indian rebels. Two years later, in 1859, the poet
laureate, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, in a strikingly revisionist image,
imagined Boadicea as a bloodthirsty barbarian driving her army on
to further atrocities. No heroine here: this was a British mutiny
against Roman rule.
Burst the gates, and burn the palaces, break the works of the statuary,
Take the hoary Roman head and shatter it, hold it abominable,
117

Cut the Roman boy to pieces in his lust and voluptuousness,
Chop the breasts from off the mother, dash the brains of the little one out,
Up my Britons, on my chariot, on my chargers, trample them under us.

As a tale either of legitimate paciﬁcation or justiﬁed resistance, the
myth of Boadicea inevitably involved images of violence, invasion,
and savagery. Against these stood a more paciﬁc account of Britain’s
incorporation into the Roman empire. On this view, it was imperial
Rome that had ﬁrst civilized Britain. In A School History of
England, published in 1911, Rudyard Kipling and C. R. L. Fletcher
made the point in uncompromising terms.
The Romans introduced into all their provinces a system of law so
fair and so strong, that almost all the best laws of modern Europe

The Roman Empire

have been founded on it. Everywhere the weak were protected
against the strong. . . . Temples were built to the Roman gods; and
country-houses of rich Roman gentlemen . . . these gentlemen at
ﬁrst talked about exile, shivered and cursed the ‘beastly British
climate’, heated their houses with hot air, and longed to get home to
Italy. But many stayed . . . and into them too the spirit of the dear
motherland entered, and became a passion.

For Kipling and Fletcher, conquest was undoubtedly a good thing.
Their only criticism of the Romans was that they had not extended
their civilizing rule over all of Scotland or Ireland.
In many ways, A School History of England epitomized a theme
that had run through much Victorian thinking about Roman
Britain. In 1861, William Bell Scott completed a series of eight
murals on subjects from local history for Wallington Hall in
Northumbria. The ﬁrst showed the building of Hadrian’s Wall
at the beginning of the 2nd century AD. Here a commanding
Roman centurion, with his military standard beside him,
directs local labourers; behind, a legionary repels the attempts
of hostile natives to halt this impressive work of imperial
construction.
118

Rome revisited

21. William Bell Scott, mural, The Building of the Roman Wall,
Wallington Hall, Northumbria

The cycle of murals made it clear that such improving endeavours
still continued: the ﬁnal scene – Iron and Coal: The Nineteenth
Century – offered an equally heroic view of the industrial
achievements of modern Tyneside. On the walls above the murals,
Scott painted roundels portraying local worthies: here George
Stephenson, the pioneer of the steam railway, and the Roman
emperor Hadrian found themselves side by side, united in their
concern to bring prosperity and civilization to northern England
(and a wider empire) through their enthusiastic promotion of
engineering.
Certainly, this was an attractive way of thinking about imperial rule.
119

The Roman Empire

In a study ﬁrst published in 1901 – The Ancient Roman Empire and
the British Empire in India – the Oxford historian, lawyer, and
distinguished Liberal politician James Bryce suggested close
parallels between the successes of both empires: both had excelled
in ‘the maintenance of a wonderfully high standard of internal
peace and order’; both in their impressive construction of roads and
railways had revealed themselves to be ‘a great engineering people’;
both had achieved successes in war and government which revealed
a similar ‘dash and energy and readiness to face any odds which
bore down all resistance’. These more certain comparisons between
the two empires had the advantage of seeming to offer a convincing
historical justiﬁcation for Britain’s presence in India, but they also
provoked yet more uncomfortable questions. In 1905, in a lecture to
the British Academy on The Romanization of Roman Britain,
Francis Haverﬁeld had argued that one of the reasons for the
success of the Roman empire was its rapid and effective
‘assimilation of the provincial populations in an orderly and
coherent civilization’.
That was the work of the Empire. . . . Above all, the deﬁnite and
coherent civilization of Italy took hold of uncivilized but intelligent
men, while the tolerance of Rome, which coerced no one into
conformity, made its culture the more attractive because it was the
less inevitable.

These issues were key to the presidential address delivered to the
Classical Association in January 1910 by Evelyn Baring, the Earl of
Cromer. The Association had been formed in 1903 expressly to
promote ‘the well-being of classical studies’ and ‘to impress upon
public opinion the claim of such studies to an eminent place in the
national scheme of education’. In his lecture on Ancient and
Modern Imperialism, Cromer, who had recently retired after a
distinguished colonial career in India and Egypt, drew explicitly on
his own experience in government: ‘Being debarred, therefore, from
speaking to scholars as a scholar, I thought that I might perhaps be
allowed to address the Association as a politician and an
120

administrator.’ For Cromer, while there were many points of
comparison between the two empires (and here he followed closely
the earlier arguments of James Bryce), it was clear that the ‘problem
of assimilation’ was one that marked out an unbridgeable difference
between the Romans in Britain and the British in India. ‘The
comparative success of the Romans is easily explained. Their task
was far more easy than that of any modern Imperial nation.’
In Cromer’s view, the sheer diversity of India, its many languages,
religions, and races, set it apart from anything the Romans had ever
encountered. In addition, strongly felt divisions in race and colour
between conquerors and conquered were a signiﬁcant bar to any
assimilation:
The foundations on which the barrier wall of separation is built . . .
are of so solid a character, they appeal so strongly to instincts and
that for generations to come they will probably defy whatever puny,
albeit well-intentioned, efforts may be made to undermine them.

Under such circumstances, the only responsible course was to
ensure ‘the steadfast maintenance of British supremacy’.
To speak of self-government for India . . . is as if we were to advocate
self-government for a united Europe. It is as if we were to assume
that there was a complete identity of sentiment and interest
between the Norwegian and the Greek, between the dwellers on the
banks of the Don and those on the banks of the Tagus. The idea is
not only absurd; it is . . . impracticable.

Such views did not go undisputed. A few months later, in May 1910,
the Oxford branch of the Classical Association invited Lord Cromer
to a special meeting to debate the issues raised by his address.
Haverﬁeld, who opened the discussion, suggested that Cromer’s
emphasis on race and colour had been misplaced. The difﬁculty was
that British rule in India confronted advanced societies ‘whose
121

Rome revisited

sentiments which lie deep down in the hearts of men and women,

The Roman Empire

thoughts and affections and traditions and civilization had
crystallized into deﬁnite form’. In Haverﬁeld’s view (perhaps here
thinking of his work on Roman Britain), the ability of an imperial
power to assimilate its subjects was limited to ‘uncivilized or
incoherent units’. Even if correct in his conclusions about the
imperial future of India, the basis on which Cromer had founded his
arguments was at least open to question.
More substantial objections were raised by another Oxford ancient
historian and archaeologist, D. G. Hogarth. If history held any
lesson, Hogarth suggested, it was in the observation that the Roman
empire had ‘begun with a period of non-assimilation’, had
conceived a ‘desire to assimilate’, and had then progressed to a third
stage of ‘active assimilation’. The issue was not principally one of
race or colour; rather, the British empire should be regarded as
being ‘still in the ﬁrst stage of Imperialism’. Only when there was
good evidence of ‘more or less complete social uniformity’ would
there be ‘a sufﬁcient basis for comparison between the two
Empires’. Regrettably, the published minutes of the Association’s
meeting offer no means of gauging either the audience’s or Lord
Cromer’s reaction to these arguments. Nor to Hogarth’s even more
provocative conclusion that, in his view, it would evidently be some
time before the British developed an advanced system of colonial
rule sufﬁciently mature to be able to match the ‘conspicuous
success’ of the Roman empire.

Romanità
For the Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini, the Roman empire
was free of any disconcerting ambiguity. In a speech delivered in
March 1922, and published by Mussolini’s own newspaper Il populo
d’Italia (‘The People of Italy’) on 21 April, he set out his vision of
Romanness – romanità.
Rome is our starting point and our point of reference; it is our
symbol or, if you will, our myth. We dream of a Roman Italy: one
122

which is wise and strong, disciplined and imperial. Much of the
immortal spirit of Rome is born again in fascism.

Seven months later, Mussolini was invited by the Italian king,
Vittorio Emanuele III, to form a new government. For a
revolutionary leader, already preparing for civil war, this was not a
particularly dramatic way to seize power. On learning of the news in
Milan, Mussolini hurriedly ordered his blackshirt militiamen to
march on Rome. Mussolini himself followed, catching the overnight
train; well rested, he arrived in Rome in his sleeper car on the
morning of 30 October.

This, this too, is an age which can call itself Caesarian, dominated as
it is by exceptional personalities who again assume for themselves
the powers of the State for the good of the people . . . just as Caesar
marched against the senatorial oligarchy of Rome.

The assassination of Caesar on the Ides of March 44 BC Mussolini
regarded as ‘a disaster for mankind’. In his revision of Roman
history (to be taught in Italian schools), Brutus and Cassius were to
be cast as agents of an oppressive, reactionary minority seeking to
suppress the true champion of popular liberty. The Caesarian cause
was only re-established with the victories of Octavian/Augustus,
Rome’s ﬁrst emperor. This, above all, was the imperial Rome that
123

Rome revisited

The myth of a liberating ‘March on Rome’ was swiftly created.
Photographers were ready to record the arrival of the blackshirts. Il
populo d’Italia colluded in the manufacture of a heroic struggle, an
armed insurrection, and the creation of 3,000 ‘fascist martyrs’ who
died in the noble cause of overthrowing a corrupt administration.
Ancient history was seen to have repeated itself. Here was a second
Julius Caesar who had wished to enter the city on horseback
surrounded by his supporters. Mussolini actively encouraged these
parallels. In interviews given to the German journalist Emil Ludwig
between 23 March and 4 April 1932, he confessed, ‘I love Caesar.
The greatest of all men who have ever lived.’ Writing in Il populo
d’Italia the following year, he declared:

The Roman Empire

Mussolini aimed to revive. The declaration of war against Ethiopia
in October 1935 was presented as a step in the recreation of a
Roman empire. This was, in Mussolini’s view, nothing less than a
‘Fourth Punic War’, an assertion of Italian control over the
Mediterranean which, in Roman imperial phrase, he insisted on
calling mare nostrum – ‘our sea’. At the beginning of May 1936, the
Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, was occupied by Italian forces. This
was regarded as a sufﬁcient reason to declare a triumph: the public
were not informed that most of Ethiopia remained unconquered, or
that poison gas had been used, or that Mussolini had authorized ‘a
systematic policy of terrorism and extermination’ to eliminate any
further resistance. At 10:30 p.m. on 9 May, from the balcony of the
Palazzo Venezia, his headquarters in the centre of Rome, Mussolini
addressed a jubilant crowd.
Italy ﬁnally has its own empire . . . An empire of civilisation and of
humanity for all the populations of Ethiopia. This is in the tradition
of Rome, which after it had conquered them, joined those people to
its own destiny. . . . In this certain hope, raise high, O legionnaires,
your standards, your swords, and your hearts to salute, after ﬁfteen
centuries, the reappearance of empire upon the fated hills of Rome.

For Mussolini, the centrepiece of the resurgence of romanità was
the city of Rome itself. In his interview with Emil Ludwig, he
declared expansively that, ‘to my mind, architecture is the greatest
of all the arts, for it is the epitome of all the others’. To Ludwig’s
suggestion that this was indeed a very Roman sentiment, he
remarked, ‘I, likewise, am Roman above all.’ Mussolini was
concerned that the ancient grandeur of Rome should be laid bare in
a kind of open-air museum to its imperial greatness. In 1931, a
commission instructed to prepare a strategic masterplan was
ordered not to shy away from proposing the large-scale demolition
of buildings and the rehousing of those living in the city’s old
quarter. The accumulation of ‘centuries of decadence’ was to be
swept away; neither medieval houses nor baroque churches were to
impede the revelation of ‘a greater Rome’.
124

The modern appearance of the city is due in great part to Mussolini.
The ancient monuments stand out so clearly – to the delight of the
tourist – precisely because the surrounding ‘sordid picturesque’ (in
Mussolini’s description) was systematically demolished.
My ideas are clear, my orders are exact . . . Rome must strike all
nations of the world as a source of wonder: huge, well organised,
powerful, as it was at the time of its ﬁrst empire under Augustus. . . .
The thousand year-old monuments of our history must stand out in
appropriate solitude like giants.

Rome was not only to be recreated on the ground; its wider imperial
glory was also celebrated in a great exhibition to commemorate the
2,000th anniversary of the birth of Augustus. The Mostra Augustea
della Romanità (Augustan Exhibition of Romanness), which
opened in Rome on 23 September 1937, contained over 3,000
plaster models of monuments and buildings scattered across the
empire. One of the most remarkable was a 1:250 scale model,
covering 80 square metres, of the city of Rome at the beginning of
the 4th century AD. Never had so much Roman imperial
architecture been concentrated in one place; the exhibition aimed
to reconstruct for its visitors a coherent vision of an empire
restored; its impressive ruins – at least in miniature – made whole
again.
Of the one million visitors to the Mostra Augustea, amongst the
most impressed was Adolf Hilter. Hitler visited Rome from 3 to 9
May 1938. Arriving at night, he was driven through the centre of the
125

Rome revisited

The Via dell’Impero (Avenue of the Empire) – now less polemically
called the Via dei Fori Imperiali (Avenue of the Imperial Forums) –
which runs in a straight line from the Palazzo Venezia is entirely a
fascist creation. It cut a path through the medieval city to create a
clear view of the Colosseum from Mussolini’s headquarters. Above
all, it provided the necessary monumental space for military
parades.

The Roman Empire

city, brilliantly illuminated for the occasion. Over the next two days
Hitler visited the Mostra twice (the second time at his speciﬁc
request) and toured extensively the recently exposed ancient
monuments of the city. Mussolini’s achievements in Rome
strengthened Hitler’s own resolve completely to rebuild Berlin.
Thirteen years earlier, in his autobiographical manifesto Mein
Kampf, he had complained that the German capital lacked
sufﬁcient grandeur, its most important buildings were ‘the
department stores of a few Jews and the headquarters of a few
corporations’. In their place, Hitler demanded public architecture
that would ‘defy the challenge of time’, just as the Colosseum in
Rome had ‘survived all passing events’. Berlin should be a city even
more ‘breathtaking’ than Rome, ‘our only rival in the world’.
The results of this vision for a new Berlin (which Hitler renamed
‘Germania’) are visible in the models designed by Albert Speer,
the Nazis’ chief architect. In its scale, monumentality, and
evident concern to create vast ceremonial spaces, Speer’s plan
seems determined to out-build Mussolini. Strikingly too in its
individual buildings, whose domes, arches, and porticoes
frequently quote Roman architectural forms, this new Berlin
aimed to surpass the imperial Rome so painstakingly
reconstructed in all its pristine glory in the white plaster
models of the Mostra Augustea.
This was didactic architecture at its most intimidating and
oppressive. For Hitler in Berlin, as for Mussolini in Rome, urban
planning was not only a concrete expression of their debt to the
Roman empire, it was, above all, a public proclamation of their
claim to be the heirs and restorers of romanità. As Mein Kampf
unequivocally advised its readers:
Particularly in the teaching of history we must not be deterred from
the study of Antiquity. Roman history, correctly understood in its
broadest outlines, is, and remains, the very best teacher, not only for
today, but probably for all times.
126

Rome revisited

22. Albert Speer, scale model of Germania, the new Berlin, northsouth axis looking towards the Volkshalle

Screening Rome
The Roman general Crassus (Laurence Olivier), unsuccessful in his
attempts to seduce his slave Antoninus (Tony Curtis), turns to
127

watch the troops leaving Rome on their way to crush a slave
rebellion led by Spartacus (Kirk Douglas).
There, boy, is Rome – there is the might, majesty, the terror of
Rome. There is the power that bestrides the known world like a
colossus. No man can withstand Rome, no nation can withstand her
. . . There’s only one way to deal with Rome, Antoninus: you must
serve her, you must abase yourself before her, you must grovel at her

The Roman Empire

feet, you must – love her.

The version of the Roman empire offered by Hollywood to its
audiences in the 1950s was clear in its essentials. For the most part,
it was unencumbered by the doubts and disputes that had
characterized British debates on the merits of empire in India.
Rather, it aimed to set its face against the fascist gloriﬁcation of
Rome promoted by (the now defeated) Hitler and Mussolini. In its
place, Hollywood offered a vision of an absolutist state, dissolved in
its own luxury, brutally committed to the suppression of liberty.
In Hollywood, Rome’s rulers were unbalanced madmen. In Quo
Vadis (ﬁrst released in 1951), the emperor Nero (Peter Ustinov) is a
pastiche of a great dictator. In part, Nero is Hitler. He relentlessly
pursues the extermination of the Christians. Nero’s holocaust will
wipe them from the face of history itself: ‘When I have ﬁnished with
these Christians . . . history will not be sure that they ever existed.’
In part, Nero is also Mussolini. In a long tradition of absolute
monarchs as megalomaniac urban planners, he is obsessed with
creating a new Rome. The magniﬁcent scale model which the
emperor unveils to his astonished court was borrowed by the ﬁlm’s
producers from the Italian government. The model had originally
been made for Mussolini’s great Mostra Augustea della Romanità.
In part too, Nero is Stalin. As the faceless narration at the opening
of Quo Vadis sonorously intones:
With this power inevitably comes corruption . . . No man is sure of
128

his life. The individual is at the mercy of the state. Murder replaces
justice . . . there is no escape from the whip and the sword.

These images provide the basic cinematic vocabulary of
Hollywood’s representations of imperial Rome. Ridley Scott, the
director of Gladiator (2000), conﬁrmed that his staging of the
emperor Commodus’ victory celebrations was deliberately intended
to recall Leni Riefenstahl’s Triumph of the Will (1935). The
parallels between Commodus’ parade of power in Rome and
Hitler’s arrival at a Nazi rally in Nuremberg are unmistakable.
Both scenes open with aerial views of monumental buildings and
cheering crowds, both offer shots from the viewpoint of the central
ﬁgure, the camera angles making Commodus and Hitler seem
larger than life. In an explicit quotation of the moment in Hitler’s
progress when he is offered ﬂowers by a little girl, Commodus on
the steps of the Senate House is presented with bouquets by
children. In Ridley Scott’s Rome, the Senate House faces the
129

Rome revisited

23. Nero (Peter Ustinov) shows his court plans for rebuilding Rome,
from Quo Vadis (1951)

The Roman Empire

Colosseum across a vast square ﬁlled with the massed ranks of
soldiers. This grandiose vision of the architecture of domination
owes most to Hitler’s plans for a new Berlin. Rome in the 2nd
century AD, with its narrow streets and densely built Forum, was
never like this. It only came close in 1932 when Mussolini drove his
processional Via dell’Impero straight through the centre of the city.
A strong sense that the enterprise of empire is fatally ﬂawed
dominates Hollywood’s Rome. Other possibilities may be
suggested, but never fulﬁlled. In The Fall of the Roman Empire
(1964), the emperor Marcus Aurelius holds out the promise of a
multi-cultural world: ‘Wherever you live, whatever the colour of
your skin, when peace is achieved it will bring to all, all, the
supreme right of Roman citizenship . . . A family of equal nations.’
However rousing the sentiment, the failure to translate this vision
into a real political programme is certain.
For Hollywood, Rome is irredeemable. In Gladiator, a dying
Marcus Aurelius again attempts to avert the inevitable. He declines
to confer the succession on his son, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix),
instead instructing the general Maximus (Russell Crowe) to restore
the Republic and rescue a ‘fragile dream which could only be
whispered’. In Rome itself the outspoken Senator Gracchus
pointedly observes that, ‘the Senate is the people . . . chosen from
among the people, to speak for the people’. (Gracchus’ claim,
directly echoing the traditional language of American
republicanism, should be appreciated for what it seeks to
convey, rather than being dismissed as an obviously gross historical
error.)
But Gladiator fails to rise to the political challenge. Maximus is
neither shrewd courtier nor committed revolutionary. Above all, he
yearns to return to his farm in Spain. Commodus, learning of
Marcus Aurelius’ plans, kills his father and proclaims himself
emperor. Maximus narrowly avoids execution, but can do nothing
to save his family, cruelly slaughtered on Commodus’ orders. Now a
130

24. Rome reconstructed, a view from the Senate House, from Gladiator (2000)

The Roman Empire

wounded fugitive, Maximus becomes a gladiator, driven by a desire
to avenge his wife and son. The unquestioned rightness of this quest
for retributive justice by a politically alienated loner is part of
Gladiator’s unambiguous celebration of the supremacy of family
values. Commodus’ unﬁtness to rule is explained by his
dysfunctional relationship with his imperial father who, he
complains, never hugged him properly as a child; Commodus’
sister, Lucilla, acts to protect her son, even if she must betray others
to do so; Maximus’ surrogate ‘family’ of fellow gladiators succeed in
the arena precisely because they form a loyal brotherhood; the
death of both Commodus and Maximus in a ﬁnal climactic duel in
the Colosseum fulﬁls the hero’s demand for vengeance and allows
him, in a ﬁnal dream-like sequence, to be reunited with his wife and
son in the afterlife.
These are well-worn themes. In The Fall of the Roman Empire, the
hero Livius Metellus (Stephen Boyd), who survives his duel with
Commodus, is offered the throne. To shouts of ‘Hail, Caesar!’, he
walks away in disgust. The future lies not in the tainted public
space of the imperial court, but with his beloved Lucilla (Sophia
Loren) in a private, introspective world of their own. In Quo Vadis,
the hero Marcus Vicinius (Robert Taylor) is responsible for
deposing Nero; he watches the legions of the next emperor, Galba,
enter the capital. Newly converted to Christianity, Marcus
recognizes the importance of a strict division between church and
state. His new religion will not be a catalyst for social reform.
Rather, it conﬁrms his retreat from politics: here Christian values
are, above all, family values. Marcus, seen at the beginning of the
ﬁlm as a young bachelor back from the wars driving his chariot
recklessly through the streets of Rome, now with wife and child
leaves the city responsibly at the reins of a sedate, family-sized
wagon.
Despite their advocacy of the virtues of the quiet life on the ranch,
far away from the tainting perversions of the capital, part of the
lasting attraction of ‘sword-and-sandal’ cinema is that it never
132

entirely escapes what it most seeks to criticize. These ﬁlms celebrate
the epic tales of their own making: for Ben-Hur (1959) a full-scale
hippodrome was built complete with 40,000 tons of imported
sand; in Quo Vadis the left-over food from Nero’s re-staged
banquets was donated to relief agencies for needy children; in
Gladiator Rome was re-built in digital splendour, only 2,000
spectators in the crowd at the Colosseum were played by extras, the
remaining 33,000 were computer-generated. What, above all,
distinguishes these ﬁlms is their lavish, wide-screen grandeur. The
huge expense and remarkable technological sophistication of these
recreated, celluloid Romes fascinates – rather than repels – the
audience.

Modern versions of the Roman empire – in all their excess – should,
of course, be enjoyed. At their best, ﬁlms such as Quo Vadis, The
Fall of the Roman Empire, or Gladiator convey something of the
sheer spectacle of a triumphal procession, the grandeur of the great
houses of the very wealthy, the bloody thrill of gladiatorial games,
the terror of battle, the frightening whimsy of autocracy, and the
metropolitan magniﬁcence of Rome. More rarely do they capture
the Roman sense of their own imperial mission (as discussed in
133

Rome revisited

It is perhaps, then, not surprising that this paradox has also been
exploited. The audience for Quo Vadis was exhorted to condemn the
emperor Nero; but the studio also recognized that in a post-war,
newly consumerist America the conspicuous consumption of
imperial Rome might also have its attractions. Quo Vadis helped
promote raincoats, real estate, ﬁre insurance, wallpaper,
tablecloths, jewellery, slippers, and pyjamas. Munsingwear, in
conjunction with the Knickerbocker Textile Corp., marketed Quo
Vadis boxer shorts: ‘Eight ﬁery patterns blazing with color . . . The
gay designs are plucked right out of the dazzling motion picture of
spectacular Roman days.’ At last, autocratic excess was made
democratically available in main street stores. Wearing his ‘full-cut
rayon’ Quo Vadis boxer shorts, every American husband now had
the inalienable right to ‘make like Nero’.

The Roman Empire

25. Poster advertising Munsingwear rayon boxer shorts

Chapter 1), or offer a sense of the difﬁculties and ambiguities
surrounding the exercise and representation of imperial power (as
in Chapter 2), or care to understand the delicate position of
provincial elites (as in Chapter 3). Conquest and resistance are
routinely conceived exclusively in terms of armed force (there is
little room for the more subtle alternatives explored in Chapter 4).
Christianity is presented as fully formed and often openly
134

Protestant in its outlook and beliefs (the doubts and disputes
canvassed in Chapter 5 are quietly swept aside). For the most part
too, the cinematic world of the Roman empire is remarkably ﬁt and
healthy. Cohorts of well-oiled, muscle-bound extras disguise a
society (explored in Chapter 6) beset by poor nutrition, high infant
mortality, infectious disease, and low life expectancy.

For the most part, contemporary recreations of Antiquity – debates
on British imperialism in India or the monumental urban fantasies
of the 1930s – are best understood as revealing commentaries on
the complexities and concerns of those societies which promote
them. Under such circumstances, the ‘accuracy’ of these portrayals
of ancient Rome (whatever their claims to authenticity) is of
secondary importance. The commercial success of Gladiator is a
timely reminder that our own visions of the ancient world are still
very modern affairs; they lavishly parade our own priorities and
problems; they project our own aspirations and anxieties. Like their
Victorian and fascist predecessors, 21st-century Romes reveal more
about the present than the past. They dress up our dreams and fears
in togas. Yet in the end, they can offer only a much less revealing –
and in some ways, a much less entertaining – very short
introduction to the Roman empire.
135

Rome revisited

At the core of Hollywood’s cinematic Rome lie intensely personal
struggles: celebrations of the supremacy of the individual in the face
of a dehumanizing totalitarian régime, tales of the triumph of love
(usually pagan stud gets Christian virgin), and the quest for
righteous revenge (usually wronged and deﬁantly heterosexual hero
defeats madly decadent and evidently deviant ruler). These
attractive combinations are no doubt largely responsible for the
continuing popularity of the Roman empire. That should be
applauded: but knowingly. It is always worth remembering that
it is very unlikely that cheering on rebels, supporting obscure
cults, subverting imperial power, or exalting personal freedom as
the touchstone of a civilized society would ever have had much
box-ofﬁce appeal for a Roman audience.

The Roman world in the late 2nd century AD

Chronology, 31 BC – AD 192

BC
31

Battle of Actium, Octavian defeats
Antony and Cleopatra

30

Suicide of Antony

20s

Virgil writes Aeneid

27

Octavian takes the name ‘Augustus’

27 BC – AD 14

Augustus

8

Completion of market place in Lepcis Magna by
Annobal Rufus

AD
1/2

Completion of theatre in Lepcis Magna by Annobal
Rufus

14–37

Tiberius

37–41

Caligula

41–54

Claudius

42

Claudius invades Britain

54–68

Nero

54

Seneca writes Apocolocyntosis

55

Death of Britannicus

c. 55

Completion of sculptures on porticoes at Aphrodisias
138

55/56

Seneca writes On Mercy

59

Death of Agrippina

60

Revolt lead by Boudica in Britain

64

Great ﬁre in Rome

64–68

Building of Golden House in Rome

65

Suicide of Seneca

68–69

Galba

69

Otho and Vitellius

66–70

Jewish revolt

70

Sack of Jerusalem

70s

Dio Chrysostom faces down bread riot at Prusa

71

Titus and Vespasian hold triumph at end of Jewish
revolt

74

Suicide of sicarii at Masada

69–79

Vespasian
Cnaeus Julius Agrippa governor of Britain

79–81

Titus

79

Vesuvius destroys Pompeii and Herculaneum

80

Completion of Colosseum in Rome

81/82

Completion of Arch of Titus in Rome

83

Defeat of Calgacus in northern Britain

81–96

Domitian

96–120

Plutarch writes Parallel Lives

96–98

Nerva

98–117

Trajan

100

Pliny the Younger delivers his Panegyric

101

Land register from Ligures Baebiani

101–102

First Dacian War

104

Caius Vibius Salutarius funds procession in Ephesus

105–106

Second Dacian War

c. 110

Martyrdom of Ignatius of Antioch in Rome

110–112

Pliny the Younger governor of Bithynia-Pontus

113

Completion of Trajan’s Column in Rome
139

Chronology

77–84

116/117

Lucius Julius Agrippa funds new bath complex in
Apamea

117–138

Hadrian

c. 120

Tacitus completes Annals

120s

Suetonius writes Lives of the Caesars

124

Hadrian’s ﬁrst visit to Athens

125

Caius Julius Demosthenes funds festival in

130

Foundation of Aelia Capitolina on site of Jerusalem

131–132

Completion of Olympieion in Athens; inauguration

131–135

Bar Kochba revolt

137

Inauguration of Panhellenia games and festival in

Oenoanda

of Panhellenion

The Roman Empire

Athens
138–161

Antoninus Pius

143/144

Aelius Aristides delivers his speech To Rome

144

Marcion expelled from Christian Church in Rome

156/157

Martyrdom of Polycarp in Smyrna

157

Galen begins medical practice in Pergamum

161

Completion of Column of Antoninus Pius in Rome

161–169

Lucius Verus

161–180

Marcus Aurelius

165

Army on return from Persia introduces smallpox

170–180

Marcus Aurelius writes Meditations

177

Martyrs of Lyon

175/180

Pausanias completes Description of Greece

177–192

Commodus

192

Cassius Dio sees Commodus ﬁght as gladiator

140

Further reading

Chapter 1: Conquest
Roman Republic
Michael Crawford, The Roman Republic, 2nd edn. (London, 1992)
Mary Beard and Michael Crawford, Rome in the Late Republic:
Problems and Interpretations, 2nd edn. (London, 1999)
Keith Hopkins, Death and Renewal (Cambridge, 1983), ch. 2
Peter Brunt, The Fall of the Roman Republic and Related Essays
(Oxford, 1988)
Augustus
Ronald Syme, The Roman Revolution (Oxford, 1939)
Paul Zanker, The Power of Images in the Age of Augustus (Michigan,
1988)
Kurt Raaﬂaub and Mark Toher (eds.), Between Republic and Empire:
Interpretations of Augustus and his Principate (Berkeley, 1990)
Conquest
William Harris, War and Imperialism in Republican Rome 327–70 BC
(Oxford, 1979)
Ramsey MacMullen, Enemies of the Roman Order: Treason, Unrest,
and Alienation in the Empire (Harvard, 1966)
Richard Hingley and Christina Unwin, Boudica: Iron Age Warrior
Queen (London, 2005)
141

Aeneid
Philip Hardie, Virgil’s Aeneid: Cosmos and Imperium (Oxford, 1986)
Stephen Harrison (ed.), Oxford Readings in Virgil’s Aeneid (Oxford,
1990)
For a good modern verse translation, Robert Fitzgerald (London, 1984)

Chapter 2: Imperial power

The Roman Empire

Imperial cult
Keith Hopkins, Conquerors and Slaves (Cambridge, 1978), ch. 5
Mary Beard, John North, and Simon Price, Religions of Rome, Vol. I: A
History (Cambridge, 1998), chs 5–7
Simon Price, Rituals and Power: The Roman Imperial Cult in Asia
Minor (Cambridge, 1984)
Ittai Gradel, Emperor Worship and Roman Religion (Oxford, 2002)
Seneca
Miriam Grifﬁn, Seneca: A Philosopher in Politics (Oxford, 1976)
Pliny
Andrew Wallace-Hadrill, ‘Civilis Princeps: Between Citizen and King’,
Journal of Roman Studies, 72 (1982): 32–48
Shadi Bartsch, Actors in the Audience: Theatricality and Doublespeak
from Nero to Hadrian (Harvard, 1994), ch. 5
Suetonius
Andrew Wallace-Hadrill, Suetonius: The Scholar and his Caesars
(London, 1983)
Nero
Jaś Elsner and Jamie Masters (eds.), Reﬂections of Nero (London,
1994)
Edward Champlin, Nero (Harvard, 2003)
Tacitus
John Henderson, Fighting for Rome: Poets and Caesars, History and
Civil War (Cambridge, 1998), ch. 4
Ronald Mellor, Tacitus (London, 1993)
142

Chapter 3: Collusion

Pliny
A. N. Sherwin-White, The Letters of Pliny: A Historical and Social
Commentary (Oxford, 1966)
Dio Chrysostom
Christopher Jones, The Roman World of Dio Chrysostom (Harvard,
1978)

Chapter 4: History wars
Hadrian
Anthony Birley, Hadrian: The Restless Emperor (London, 1997)
Mary Boatwright, Hadrian and the Cities of the Roman Empire
(Princeton, 2000)
Greeks under the Roman empire
Glen Bowersock, Greek Sophists in the Roman Empire (Oxford, 1969)
143

Further reading

Empire and Provinces
Clifford Ando, Imperial Ideology and Provincial Loyalty in the Roman
Empire (Berkeley, 2000)
J. E. Lendon, Empire of Honour: The Art of Government in the Roman
World (Oxford, 1997)
Andrew Lintott, Imperium Romanum: Politics and Administration
(London, 1993)
Stephen Mitchell, Anatolia: Land, Men, and Gods in Asia Minor, 2 vols
(Oxford, 1993)
Greg Woolf, Becoming Roman: The Origins of Provincial Civilization in
Gaul (Cambridge, 1998)
Martin Millett, The Romanization of Britain: An Essay in
Archaeological Interpretation (Cambridge, 1990)
Greg Woolf, ‘Monumental Writing and the Expansion of Roman Society
in the Early Empire’, Journal of Roman Studies, 86 (1996): 22–39
J. B. Ward-Perkins, Roman Imperial Architecture, 2nd edn.
(Harmondsworth, 1981)

Susan Alcock, Graecia Capta: The Landscapes of Roman Greece
(Cambridge, 1993)
Tim Whitmarsh, Greek Literature and the Roman Empire: The Politics
of Imitation (Oxford, 2001)
Simon Goldhill (ed.), Being Greek under Rome: Cultural Identity, the
Second Sophistic and the Development of Empire (Cambridge, 2001)
Simon Swain, Hellenism and Empire: Language, Classicism, and Power
in the Greek World, AD 50–250 (Oxford, 1996)

The Roman Empire

Pausanias
Christian Habicht, Pausanias’ Guide to Ancient Greece (Berkeley, 1985)
William Hutton, Describing Greece: Landscape and Literature in the
Periegesis of Pausanias (Cambridge, 2005)
Plutarch
Tim Duff, Plutarch’s Lives: Exploring Virtue and Vice (Oxford, 1999)
Christopher Jones, Plutarch and Rome (Oxford, 1971)
It is worth noting that the Penguin Classics translations of Plutarch’s
Lives break up the biographical pairs and omit the formal comparisons;
the translation of Pausanias can likewise be misleading, as it has been
reordered to suit the modern tourist.

Chapter 5: Christians to the lions
Gladiators
Keith Hopkins, Death and Renewal (Cambridge, 1983), ch. 1
Jeremy Toner, Leisure and Ancient Rome (Cambridge, 1995)
Thomas Wiedemann, Emperors and Gladiators (London, 1992)
Paul Plass, The Game of Death in Ancient Rome: Arena Sport and
Political Suicide (Wisconsin, 1995)
Keith Hopkins and Mary Beard, The Colosseum (London, 2005)
Martyrdom
Glen Bowersock, Martyrdom and Rome (Cambridge, 1995)
Daniel Boyarin, Dying for God: Martyrdom and the Making of
Christianity and Judaism (Stanford, 1999)
144

Early Christianity
Henry Chadwick, The Church in Ancient Society: From Galilee to
Gregory the Great (Oxford, 2001)
Robin Lane Fox, Pagans and Christians (Harmondsworth, 1986)
Philip Rousseau, The Early Christian Centuries (London, 2002)
William Frend, The Rise of Christianity (London, 1984)

Chapter 6: Living and dying

Demography
Richard Saller, Patriarchy, Property and Death in the Roman Family
(Cambridge, 1994)
Tim Parkin, Old Age in the Roman World: A Cultural and Social
History (Johns Hopkins, 2003)
Roger Bagnall and Bruce Frier, The Demography of Roman Egypt
(Cambridge, 1994)
Walter Scheidel, ‘Roman Age Structure: Evidence and Models’, Journal
of Roman Studies, 91 (2001): 1–26
Agriculture
Brent Shaw, Environment and Society in Roman North Africa
(Aldershot, 1995)
Peter Garnsey, Famine and Food Supply in the Graeco-Roman World:
Responses to Risk and Crisis (Cambridge, 1988)
Peter Garnsey, Cities, Peasants and Food in Classical Antiquity
(Cambridge, 1998)

145

Further reading

Pompeii
Andrew Wallace-Hadrill, Houses and Society in Pompeii and
Herculaneum (Princeton, 1994)
Wim Jongman, The Economy and Society of Pompeii (Amsterdam,
1988)
Paul Zanker, Pompeii: Public and Private Life (Harvard, 1998)
P. Veyne (ed.), A History of Private Life, I: From Pagan Rome to
Byzantium (Harvard, 1987), ch. 1

Chapter 7: Rome revisited
Victorian Rome
Catharine Edwards (ed.), Roman Presences: Receptions of Rome in
European Culture, 1789–1945 (Cambridge, 1999)
Richard Hingley, Roman Ofﬁcers and English Gentlemen: The Imperial
Origins of Roman Archaeology (London, 2000)
Norman Vance, The Victorians and Ancient Rome (Oxford, 1997)
Sam Smiles, The Image of Antiquity: Ancient Britain and the Romantic
Imagination (Yale, 1994)

The Roman Empire

Fascism
Alex Scobie, Hitler’s State Architecture: The Impact of Classical
Antiquity (Penn State, 1990)
Peter Bondanella, The Eternal City: Roman Images in the Modern
World (North Carolina, 1987)
Hollywood
Sandra Joshel, Margaret Malamud, and Donald McGuire (eds.),
Imperial Projections: Ancient Rome in Modern Popular Culture
(Baltimore, 2001)
Maria Wyke, Projecting the Past: Ancient Rome, Cinema and History
(London, 1997)
Martin Winkler (ed.), Gladiator: Film and History (Oxford, 2004)
Jon Solomon, The Ancient World in the Cinema, 2nd edn. (Yale, 2001)

146

Index

Apamea (Bithynia-Pontus) 42
Apamea (Syria) 53–5
Aphrodisias 25–7, 30, 31, 33,
39–41, 75, 102
Aphrodite 25
Apollo 20, 24, 53
Argos 62
Aristides, Aelius 47, 50
Armenia 26, 40
Artemis 23–5, 28, 54
Ascanius 19, 20
Asia, province 64, 90
Asia Minor 6, 11, 47, 61, 62, 65
Attalus 78
Athena 62, 64, 67, 69
Athens 49, 61–5, 66–8, 70,
71, 74, 76, 77
Acropolis 62–3, 67–8
Agora 61, 66–7
Arch of Hadrian 76–7
Hadrian’s Library 61–2, 67
Olympieion 62–3, 65, 67,
74, 76, 77
Parthenon 62–3, 65, 67–8
Temple to Rome and
Augustus 68
Atriensis 101
Atrium 95–8, 100, 101, 102
Augustus 3, 6, 8–9, 19, 20, 21,
25, 26–8, 29, 32, 34, 35,
51, 62, 68, 69, 72, 79, 123,
125
Aurelius, Marcus 28, 49, 81,
108, 110, 130, 132
Meditations 109

A
Acerronia 37
Achaea 75
Actium, battle 3, 6, 9, 10, 19
Adam 91
Addis Adaba 124
Aelia Capitolina, see Jerusalem
Aeneas 19–21, 58, 59, 98
Africa 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 11, 14, 58, 59,
62, 65, 111
Africanus, Cornelius Scipio 6,
11
Agamemnon 66
Agermus 37
Agricola, Cn. Julius 57
Agriculture 111–13
Agrippa, L. Julius 53–5
Agrippina (the Younger)
36–7, 38, 40
Albert, Prince Consort 116
Alexander, Christian 86–7
Alexander, martyr 78
Alexander the Great 24, 65, 70
Alexandria 9
Algeria 50, 54, 92
Amastris 42–3
Amphitheatres 79–81, 83–4
Anchises 19, 20
Androclus 24
Antioch 25, 85
Antoninus, C. Arrius 90
Antoninus Pius 29, 31
Antoninus, slave boy 127–8
Antony, Mark (M. Antonius) 3,
8–9, 29, 72

B
Ba’alshamin 74
147

Roman Empire

Calliope 58
Campania 4, 37
Camulodunum (Colchester)
15
Cannae, battle 5, 6
Carthage 4–6, 11, 19, 20, 58,
59, 89, 92, 98
Cassandra 99
Cassius (C. Cassius Longinus)
8, 123
Cassius Dio 82–3
Catullinus 92
Cawnpore (Kanpur) 117
Chaeronea 72
China 103
Christians 78, 84–94, 128, 132,
134–5
Cibyra 64
Cicero, M. Tullius 19
Cincinnatus, L. Quinctius 7–8,
10
Cirta (Constantine) 92
Citizenship 49–50, 60, 73,
130
Ciuilitas 33, 34
Classical Association 120–1
Claudiopolis 42
Claudius, emperor 26–7,
31–2, 36, 79
Cleopatra (VII of Egypt) 3, 6,
8–9
Commodus 3, 28, 82–3, 129,
130–2
Compluuium 96, 98
Constantine 3, 93–4
Consulship 7, 11
Corinth 6, 62, 68–9
Cornucopia 41
Cowper, William 117

Baiae 37
Baring, Evelyn (Earl of
Cromer) 120–2
Bar Kochba (Shim’on ben
Kosiba) 73
Bears 91
Bellerophon 69
Ben-Hur 133
Berlin 126–7, 130
Birth rate 107–8
Bithynia-Pontus 42, 43, 44, 59,
88
Black Sea 1, 14, 42
Blandina 78
Boeotia 72
Boudica (Boadicea) 15, 72,
115–18
Boyd, Stephen 132
Boxer shorts 133–4
Britain 5, 9, 14, 15, 21–2,
26–7, 43, 48, 57, 110, 111,
112, 115, 118, 120, 121, 122
Britannia 26–7
Britannicus 36, 37, 38
British Academy 120
British Empire 119–22
Brutus, M. Junius 8, 123
Bryce, James (Viscount Bryce
of Dechmont) 120–1
Bull 78, 84
Byzantium 3

C
Caesar, C. Julius 6, 8, 11, 14, 20,
25, 28–9, 68, 70, 72, 81,
117, 123
Calgacus 21–2
Caligula 34
148

F

Crassus, M. Licinius 127–8
Crete 62, 64
Crowe, Russell 130
Cuicul (Djemila) 50–1, 54
Cumae 20
Cunctator, Q. Fabius Maximus
5–6, 11, 70
Curtis, Tony 127
Cyrene 63
Cyzicus 74

Fall of the Roman Empire, The
130, 132, 133
Faustina (the Elder) 29, 31
Fayum 105
Felix 92
Felix, Minucius 86–8
Flamininus, T. Quinctius 5
Fletcher, C. R. L. 118
Frederick the Great (of
Prussia) 10
Fronto, M. Cornelius 108

D
Dacia 9, 15–16
Death rates 104–6,
108–9
Demosthenes, C. Julius 54
Deucalion 67
Dido 20, 21, 58, 59, 98
Dio Chrysostom 44–9, 59, 60
Diocletian 93
Disease 106, 112
Dolphin 96
Domitian 34
Donkey 86–8
Douglas, Kirk 128
Dourahloun 74

G

E
Egypt 1, 5, 6, 8–9, 14, 30, 65,
105, 107–9, 120
Eleazar 19, 22
Elisha 91
Ephesus 23–5, 28, 30, 33, 54,
75, 102
Epirus 4
Ethiopia 124
Euphrates, river 1, 11
Eve 91

H
Hadrian 34, 54, 61–5, 66, 67,
69, 70, 73–7, 119
Hadrian Olympios 65
Hadrianeia 64, 65
149

Index

Galba, emperor 60, 132
Galen 112
Gaul (France) 5, 6, 8, 11, 14, 28,
30, 48, 78, 111
Germania (new Berlin)
126–7, 130
Germany 110
Gibbon, Edward 3
Giraffe 14
Gladiator 129–32, 133, 135
Gladiators 28, 35, 79, 81–3
Goats 111
Gospels 91
Gracchus, Senator 130
Great Persecution 93
Greece 4, 6, 62, 64, 65, 66–9,
72, 75, 76

Julianus Zegrensis 49
Jupiter 20, 29, 31, 33, 73

Roman Empire

Hadrianopolis 65
Hadrian’s Wall 1, 110, 118–19
Hadrumetum (Sousse) 57–9
Hannibal 5–6, 10, 11, 20, 70
Haverﬁeld, Francis 114–15,
120, 121–2
Hellen 67
Hera 24
Herculaneum 95, 102
Hippolytus 71
Hitler, Adolf 125–6, 128,
129–30
Mein Kampf 126
Hogarth, D. G. 122
Hollywood 2, 127–35
House of Menander, Pompeii
95–102, 103

K
Kipling, Rudyard 118

L
Land ownership 110–11
Legumes 111
Leopards 55–6
Lepcis Magna 51–3, 102
Leto 24
Libya 51, 63
Life expectancy 103–9
Ligures Baebiani 110
Lions 78, 84, 94
Livestock 111–12
Londinium (London) 15, 116
Loren, Sophia 132
Lucilla 132
Lucknow 117
Ludwig, Emil 123, 124
Lugdunum (Lyon) 28, 78, 84,
86, 89
Lydia 66
Lysimachus 24

I
Iceni 15, 115
Ignatius, bishop of Antioch 85
Impluuium 96
India 103, 115, 120–2, 128,
135
Indian Mutiny 117
Italy 2, 4, 5, 7, 19, 20, 21, 61,
70, 95, 102, 110, 111, 118,
120, 122, 124

M

J

Macedonia 62
Magerius 55–7
Marcion 91–2
Marcuclius 92
Marriage 107
Marsyas 53
Martyrdom 78, 84–6, 84, 123
Masada 17–19, 22, 72
Maturus 78

Jerusalem 11, 12, 17, 73–4
Jewish Revolts 11–12, 17–19,
73–4, 76
Josephus, Flavius 12
Joshua 91
Judaea 73
Julianus, Aurelius (son of
Julianus Zegrensis) 49
150

Maximus, Roman general
130–2
Melpomene 58
Menander, playwright 100
Menorah 11
Mercury 20, 32
Mesopotamia 9
Metellus, Livius 132
Milan 123
Minotaur 53, 64
Morocco 49
Moses 91
Mostra Augustea della
Romanità 125–6, 128
Muses 58
Mussolini, Benito 2, 122–6,
128, 130
Mycenae 66
Mytilene 26–8, 30

Octavian, see Augustus
Oenoanda 54
Old Testament 91
Olivier, Laurence 127
Olympieia 64
Ostiarius 101
Ostrich 82–3

P

N
Naples 4, 20, 37, 95
Napoleon 10
Nero 26, 32, 35–41, 51, 128–9,
132, 133–4
New Testament 91–2, 94
Nicaea 42, 93
Council of 93–4
Nicene Creed 93–4
Nicomedia 42
Nile, river 1, 9, 105, 111
Nobilior, M. Fulvius 51
Nomenclator 101
Numa 71–2
Nuremberg 129

O
Octavia 36–7, 38
151

Index

Palmyra 74
Panathenaea 64
Panhellenia 64
Panhellenion 62–5, 69, 75, 76
Patrae (Patras) 69
Paul, Saint 91, 92
Pausanias 66–9, 70, 72–3,
75–7
Pegasus 69
Pergamum 112
Pericles 60, 62, 65, 70, 76
Persia 67, 106
Phaedra 71
Pherae 69
Philip of Macedon 65
Phoenix, Joaquin 130
Pigs 111, 112
Plato, Republic 71
Pliny the Younger (C. Plinius
Secundus) 36, 42–4,
88–9
Panegyric 33–4
Plotina, empress 24
Plutarch 60, 70–3, 75–6, 110
Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna 86
Pompeii 95–103, 110
Pompey (Gn. Pompeius
Magnus) 6, 11, 20
Pontus 14

Great Market 51
March on Rome 123
Palatine 35, 85–6
Palazzo Venezia 124, 125
Senate House 129–31
Temple of Julius Caesar 28
Trajan’s Column 15–16
Via dei Fori Imperiali 125
Via dell’Impero 125, 130
Romulus 70, 71–2
Rubicon, river 8
Rufus, Annobal Tapapius
51–2
Rutilians 19, 20, 21

Praetorship 7
Primus, C. Cosinius 51, 54
Primus, L. Cosinius 50–1, 54
Prusa 42, 44–7, 48, 49
Ptolemais-Barca 63
Punic Wars 3, 4–6, 10, 20, 70,
124
Pyrrhus 4

Q
Quaestorship 106
Quo Vadis 128–9, 132,
133–4

Roman Empire

R

S

Railways 119
Remus 71
Republic, Roman 6–10, 130
Rhodes 62
Riefenstahl, Leni 129
Rome 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12,
14, 15, 17, 18, 20, 21, 25,
26, 28, 29, 33, 34, 35, 37,
46, 47, 49, 51, 58, 61, 64,
68, 69, 70, 71, 73, 75, 79,
80, 81, 85, 86, 87, 91, 92,
106, 115, 117, 118, 120, 122,
123, 124–6, 128–32
Arch of Titus 11–13, 18, 73
Circus Maximus 14
Colosseum 80–1, 125, 126,
130–1, 132, 133
Column of Antoninus Pius
29, 31
Forum 11–12, 28, 35, 125,
130
Golden House 35
Great Fire 35, 51

Salutaris, C. Vibius 23–5, 28,
30, 54, 75
Samnites 4
Sanctus 78
Schliemann, Heinrich 66
Scott, Ridley 129
Scott, William Bell 118–19
Senate 7, 8, 24, 28, 33, 34, 35,
106, 109, 130
Seneca, L. Annaeus 38
Apocolocyntosis 31–2
On Mercy 32
Shakespeare, William 8
Sheep 111
Sibyl 20
Sicarii 17, 18
Sicily 4, 5, 20, 111
Silva, Flavius 17
Society for the Promotion of
Roman Studies 114–15
Smallpox 106
Smirat 55
152

Trojan Horse 19, 99
Troy 19, 66, 98–9, 101
Tunisia 6, 55, 57, 111
Turkey 23, 47, 54, 64, 66, 74,
93, 112
Turnus 20, 21

Smyrna (Izmir) 47, 48, 74, 86
Somme, battle 4
Spain 5, 6, 14, 48, 60, 130
Sparta 62, 64, 65, 69
Spartacus 127–8
Speer, Albert 126–7
Speratus 89–90, 92
Stalin, Josef 128
Strabo 64
Stephenson, George 119
Suetonius (C. Suetonius
Tranquillus) 2, 34–6, 39,
79
Syria 1, 6, 11, 53, 54, 74, 85

U
Underworld 20, 32
Ustinov, Peter 128–9

V

T
Tablinum 96–8, 101
Tacitus, P. Cornelius 2, 110
Agricola 21–2, 57, 59
Annals 36–9
Tarentum (Taranto) 4
Taylor, Robert 132
Telegraph, electric 115
Tennyson, Alfred Lord 117–18
Thera (Santorini) 63
Theseus 53, 64, 66, 70, 71, 76
Thornycroft, Thomas 116
Thrace 62
Tiber, river 4
Titus, emperor 11–12, 17, 81
Torah 11
Trajan 15–16, 24–5, 28,
33–4, 42–3, 54, 70, 89,
110
Trasimene, battle 5
Triumph of the Will 129

W
Wallington Hall, Northumbria
118–19
Waterfowl 98

Z
Zama, battle 6
Zegrenses 49
Zeus 24, 26, 28, 62, 64, 65,
74

153

Index

Verulamium (St Albans) 15
Verus, Lucius 49
Vespasian 11–12, 31
Vesuvius 95
Veterans 111, 113
Vicinius, M. 132
Victoria, Queen 117
Virgil (Publius Virgilius Maro),
Aeneid 19–21, 57–9,
98–9, 109
Vittorio Emanuele III 123

