The First World War: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics
in history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith

CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM
Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES
Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUMAN MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
HUME A. J. Ayer

IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Griffiths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks

PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith

SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE
Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN
John Morrill
TERRORISM
Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and
Richard Rathbone
CHILD DEVELOPMENT
Richard Griffin
economics Partha Dasgupta

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
RACISM Ali Rattansi

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

Michael Howard

THE FIRST
WORLD WAR
A Very Short Introduction

1

3
Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With offices in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Michael Howard 2002
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published 2002
First published as Oxford University Press Paperback in 2003
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2007
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
Typeset by RefineCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd.,
Gosport, Hampshire
ISBN 978–0–19–920559–2
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2

Contents

List of illustrations ix
Maps

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9

xi

Europe in 1914

1

The Coming of War

15

1914: The Opening Campaigns 27
1915: The War Continues 37
1916: The War of Attrition 56
The United States Enters the War 68
1917: The Year of Crisis

81

1918: The Year of Decision

95

The Settlement 113
Appendices
I. President Wilson’s Fourteen Points 120
II. Total War Casualties
Further reading 123
Index 125

122

This page intentionally left blank

List of illustrations

1

Kaiser Wilhelm II: the
incarnation of ‘Prussian
militarism’
8

7 Women workers in a
munitions factory

© Ullsteinbild

2 Belgian refugees: the first
fruits of the German
invasion
25
M. Rol

3 Germany’s self-image
during the war
38
4 The image of Germany in
Allied propaganda
39

8 Hindenburg and
Ludendorff: masters of
wartime Germany
71
© Ullsteinbild

9 President Wilson:
Prophet of Peace

Cartoon by Bernard Partridge,
26 August 1914, Punch Ltd.

5 German troops burning a
village on the Eastern
Front
50
© Robert Hunt Library

6 Marshal Joffre with his
British junior partners,
Field Marshal Sir John
French and General Sir
Douglas Haig
54
© Roger-Viollet

59

The Filling Factory, 1916, by
Charles Ginner. National Gallery
of Canada, Ottawa. Transfer from
the Canadian War Memorials,
1921

77

© Suddeutscher Verlag
Bilderdienst

10

The Western Front: the
battlefield of
Passchendaele
89
Imperial War Museum,
neg. no. Q10711

11

The pressure on the
civilian population: food
queue in Berlin, winter
1917
98
© Suddeutscher Verlag
Bilderdienst

12

Marshal Foch and
General Pershing: the
New World to the rescue
of the old
104
National Archives/King Visual
Technology, Inc.

While every effort has been made to secure permissions, we may
have failed in a few cases to trace the copyright holder. We apologize
for any apparent negligence.

Maps

1

Europe before the war xii

2

Europe after the war xiv

3

The Western Front xvi

4

The Eastern Front xvii

5

The Balkans xviii

6

Northern Italy xix

7

The Ottoman Empire xx

1. Europe before the war

2. Europe after the war

3. The Western Front

4. The Eastern Front

5. The Balkans

6. Northern Italy

7. The Ottoman Empire

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
Europe in 1914

Since the Great War of 1914–18 was fought on all the oceans of the
world and ultimately involved belligerents from every continent, it
can justifiably be termed a ‘world war’. But it was certainly not the
first. European powers had been fighting each other all over the
globe for the previous 300 years. Those who fought in it called it
simply ‘the Great War’. Like all its predecessors, it began as a
purely European conflict, arising out of the conflicting ambitions
and mutual fears of the European powers. That its course should
have been so terrible, and its consequences so catastrophic, was
the result not so much of its global scale as of a combination of
military technology and the culture of the peoples who fought it.
Karl von Clausewitz had written in the aftermath of the Napoleonic
Wars that war was a trinity composed of the policy of the
government, the activities of the military, and ‘the passions of the
peoples’. Each of these must be taken into account if we are to
understand both why the war happened and why it took the course
that it did.

The European Powers in 1914
With a few marginal changes, the ‘Great Powers’ of Europe (as they
were still called) were much the same as they had been for the
previous two centuries, but the balance between them had changed
radically. The most powerful of all was now the German Empire,
1

The First World War

created by the Kingdom of Prussia as a result of its victorious wars
of 1866 against the Austrian Empire and 1870 against France.
France had been reduced by her defeat to second-rank status and
resented it. The polyglot lands of the Austrian Empire had been
reorganized since 1867 as the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary,
and accepted subordinate status as an ally of Germany. Although
Hungary was a quasi-autonomous state, the Monarchy was often
referred to simply as ‘Austria’ and its peoples as ‘Austrians’, much as
the United Kingdom was commonly known abroad as ‘England’
and its people ‘English’. Flanking these continental powers were
two empires only partially European in their interests: the huge
semi-Asiatic Russian Empire, a major if intermittent player in
south-east Europe; and Britain, whose main concern was to
maintain a balance of power on the Continent while she expanded
and consolidated her possessions overseas. Spain, the last vestiges
of whose overseas empire (apart from a coastal fringe of North
Africa) had been lost to the United States at the beginning of the
century, had dwindled to third rank. Her place in the cast had been
taken by an Italy whose unification under the House of Savoy
between 1860 and 1871 had been more apparent than real, but
whose nuisance value alone won her the wary respect of the other
powers.
Until the end of the eighteenth century, these powers had been
socially homogeneous. All were still primarily agrarian societies
dominated by a landed aristocracy and ruled by historic dynasties
legitimized by an established Church. A hundred years later all this
had either been completely transformed or was in the course of
rapid and destabilizing transformation; but the pace of change had
been very uneven, as we shall see.

Britain
Britain had led the way. By the beginning of the twentieth century
she was already a fully urbanized and industrialized nation. The
landed aristocracy remained socially dominant, but the last vestiges
2

France
For over a century, between 1689 and 1815, Britain’s major rival for
world power had been France, and it had taken nearly another 100
years for her to realize that this was no longer the case. France had
lagged far behind in the economic development that could have
made her a serious competitor. The Revolution of 1789 had
destroyed the three pillars of the Ancien Régime – monarchy,
noblesse, and Church – and distributed their lands among peasant
smallholders who remained staunchly resistant to any
development, whether reaction or further revolution, that
threatened to expropriate them; and their pattern of life did not
encourage either the growth of population or the accumulation of
capital that made economic development possible. In 1801 the
3

Europe in 1914

of political power were being wrested from it by a House of
Commons in which the two major parties competed for the votes,
not just of the middle, but increasingly, as the franchise was
extended, of the working classes. A liberal–radical coalition came to
power in 1906 and began to lay the foundations of a welfare state,
but it could not ignore the paradoxical predicament in which
Britain found herself at the beginning of the century. She was still
the wealthiest power in the world and the proud owner of the
greatest empire that the world had ever seen; but she was more
vulnerable than ever before in her history. At the hub of that empire
was a densely populated island dependent on world trade for its
wealth and, yet more important, for imported foodstuffs to feed its
cities. The Royal Navy’s ‘command of the seas’ both held the Empire
together and ensured that the British people were fed. Loss of naval
supremacy was a nightmare that dogged successive British
governments and dominated their relations with other powers.
Ideally they would have wished to remain aloof from European
disputes, but any indication that their neighbours were showing
signs, singly or collectively, of threatening their naval dominance
had for the previous twenty years been a matter of anguished
national concern.

The First World War

population of France had totalled twenty-seven million and was the
largest in Europe. In 1910 it was still only thirty-five million,
whereas over the same period that of Britain had risen from eleven
million to forty million, while that of the newly united Germany was
over sixty-five million and still rising. After its demoralizing defeat
in 1870, the French army had found an outlet in African conquests
that created friction with Britain’s imperial interests, as did
traditional rivalries in the eastern Mediterranean, but for the
French people these were marginal issues. They remained deeply
divided between those who had profited from the Revolution; those
who, under the leadership of the Catholic Church, still refused to
come to terms with it; and an increasingly powerful socialist
movement that wanted to push it a stage further. France remained
both wealthy and culturally dominant, but her domestic politics
were highly volatile. Abroad, the German annexation of Alsace and
Lorraine in 1871 had been neither forgotten nor forgiven, and fear
of German power made France anxiously dependent upon her only
major ally – Russia.

Russia
The other continental rival feared by Britain in the nineteenth
century was the huge Russian Empire, whose expansion to the
south and east threatened both the route to India through the
Middle East (which had led Britain to prop up the moribund
Turkish Empire) and the frontiers of India itself. Certainly Russia’s
potential was (as it remains) enormous, but it was limited (as it still
is) by the backwardness of its society and the inefficiency of its
government.
Capitalism and industrialization came late to Russia, and then
largely as a result of foreign investment and expertise. At the
beginning of the twentieth century the Czars ruled over a
population of 164 million, consisting overwhelmingly of peasants
who had been emancipated from actual serfdom only a generation
earlier. They still exercised an absolutism such as Western Europe
4

At the end of the nineteenth century the attention of the Russian
government had been focused on expansion into Asia, but after
defeat by the Japanese in 1904–5 it was switched to south-east
Europe, which was still dominated by the Ottoman Empire. There
national resistance movements, originally based on the Orthodox
Christian communities in Greece, Serbia, and Bulgaria, had
traditionally looked to the Russians for sponsorship – first as fellowChristians, then as fellow-Slavs. All three had established
independent states in the course of the nineteenth century. But
there were also large numbers of Slavs, especially of Serbs and their
cousins the Croats, in Austria-Hungary; and the more successful
the new Slav nations were in establishing their identity and
5

Europe in 1914

had never known – supported by an Orthodox Church untouched
by any Reformation, and through the instrumentality of a vast and
lethargic bureaucracy. The educated elites were divided between
‘Westerners’, who, looking to Europe as a model, were attempting to
introduce economic development and responsible government, and
‘Slavophiles’, who considered such ideas degenerate and wished to
preserve historic Slav culture. But successive military defeats – at
the hands of the French and British in 1855–6 and the Japanese in
1904–5 – drove home the lesson learned by Peter the Great, that
military power abroad depended on both political and economic
development at home. Serfdom had been abolished after the
Crimean War, and representative institutions of a kind introduced
after defeat and near-revolution in 1905. Railway development had
enormously boosted industrial production in the 1890s, bringing
Russia, in the view of some economists, to the point of economic
‘take-off ’. But the regime remained terrified that industrial
development, however essential it might be for military
effectiveness, would only encourage demands for further political
reform, and it suppressed dissidents with a brutality that only drove
them to extremes of ‘terrorism’ (a term and technique invented by
Russian revolutionaries in the nineteenth century), thus justifying
further brutality. This made her an embarrassing, even if a
necessary, ally for the liberal West.

independence, the more apprehensive the Habsburgs became about
the increasing restiveness of their own minorities, and the part
played by Russia in encouraging it.

The First World War

Austria-Hungary
In Western Europe – Britain, France, Germany, Italy, even Russia –
nationalism was a cohesive force, though such ‘submerged nations’
as the Poles and the Irish were already struggling for independence.
But the Habsburg Monarchy consisted entirely of ‘submerged
nations’. In the eighteenth century there had been a dominant
German elite, but even for the Germans there was now an adjacent
homeland in the new German Empire to the north. In 1867 the
Habsburg Empire had transformed itself into the ‘Dual Monarchy’
by granting the most powerful submerged nation, the Magyars,
quasi-independence in the Kingdom of Hungary, which shared with
the dominantly German ‘Austrians’ only a monarch (the Emperor
Franz-Joseph, who had ruled since 1848), an army, a treasury, and a
foreign office. The Magyars, like the Germans (and indeed the
British, whom they greatly admired and whose parliament building
they imitated in Budapest), considered themselves a master race,
and they ruled oppressively over their own Slav minorities –
Slovaks, Rumanians, and Croats. In the western half of the
Monarchy the German ‘Austrians’ ruled not only Slavs to the north
(Czechs), north-east (Poles and Ruthenes), and south (Slovenes and
Serbs), but Italian-speaking lands on the southern slopes of the
Alps (together with the German-speaking South Tyrol) coveted by
the new Kingdom of Italy. Unlike the tough Magyar squireens of
Budapest, the rational bureaucrats of Vienna tried to treat their
subject-nationalities tolerantly and granted them equal rights with
the Germans. The result was to paralyse the machinery of
government in Vienna and force the Emperor to rule by decree. Its
rich mixture of cultures certainly made Vienna a city with a
uniquely vibrant intellectual and artistic life, but its intelligentsia
looked to the future with apprehension and occasionally despair.
6

Germany
Finally there was Imperial Germany, the most complex and
problematic power of them all.

Under these circumstances the personality of the Kaiser was of
overwhelming importance, and it was the misfortune not only of
Germany but of the entire world that at this juncture the House of
Hohenzollern should have produced, in Wilhelm II, an individual
who in his person embodied three qualities that can be said to have
7

Europe in 1914

The unification of Germany in 1871 had created a nation that
combined the most dynamic economy in Europe with a regime that
in many respects had hardly emerged from feudalism. The
Hohenzollern dynasty had ruled Prussia through a bureaucracy and
an army that were both drawn from a ‘service gentry’ (Junkers)
rooted primarily in their eastern provinces. They resented the very
existence of a Reichstag (parliament) that had been unsuccessfully
aspiring to power ever since the middle of the nineteenth century.
In the newly united empire the Reichstag represented the whole
range of the enlarged German population: agrarian conservatives
with their vast estates in the east, industrialists in the north and
west, Bavarian Roman Catholic farmers in the south, and,
increasingly as the economy developed, the industrial working
classes, with their socialist leaders, in the valleys of the Rhine and
the Ruhr. The Reichstag voted the budget, but the government
was appointed by, and was responsible to, the monarch, the
Kaiser. The chief intermediary between Reichstag and Kaiser was
the Chancellor. The first holder of that office, Otto von Bismarck,
had used the authority he derived from the Kaiser to make the
Reichstag do his own bidding. His successors were little more
than messengers informing the Reichstag of the Kaiser’s decisions
and manipulating them to ensure the passage of the budget. By
the Kaiser himself they were seen almost as household servants,
of considerably less importance than the Chief of the General
Staff.

1. Kaiser Wilhelm II: the incarnation of ‘Prussian militarism’

characterized the contemporary German ruling elite: archaic
militarism, vaulting ambition, and neurotic insecurity.

Bismarck himself, having created the German Empire, had been
content simply to preserve it, but the successor generation was not
so easily satisfied. It had every reason to be ambitious. It constituted
a nation over sixty million strong with a superb heritage of music,
poetry, and philosophy, and whose scientists, technologists, and
scholars (not to mention soldiers) were the envy of the world. Its
industrialists had already surpassed the British in the production of
coal and steel, and together with the scientists were pioneering a
new ‘industrial revolution’ based on chemicals and electricity. The
Germans prided themselves on a uniquely superior culture that
held the balance between the despotic barbarism of their eastern
neighbours and the decadent democracy of the West. But within
this proud, prosperous, and successful nation a deep cleavage was
developing, which only grew deeper as its prosperity increased. The
growth of its industries increased the size and influence of a
working class whose leaders, while no longer revolutionary, were
increasingly pressing for an extension of democracy and the
9

Europe in 1914

Militarism was institutionalized in the dominant role that the army
had played in the culture of the old Prussia it had dominated and
had to a large extent created; much as its victories over Austria and
France had created the new German Empire. In the new Germany
the army was socially dominant, as it had been in the old Prussia – a
dominance spread throughout all classes by three-year universal
military service. The bourgeoisie won the cherished right to wear
uniform by taking up commissions in the reserve, and imitated the
habits of the Junker military elite. At a lower level, retired NCOs
dominated their local communities. The Kaiser appeared always in
uniform as the All Highest War Lord, surrounded by a military
entourage. Abroad, this militarism, with its constant parades and
uniforms and celebrations of the victories of 1870, was seen as
absurd rather than sinister; and so it might have been if it had not
been linked with the second quality – ambition.

The First World War

abolition of social privilege, and whose party, the Social Democrats,
had become by 1914 the largest in the Reichstag.
The possessing classes had their own quarrels, mainly between the
landowners of the east and the industrialists of the west, but they
made common cause against what they saw as a socialist
revolutionary threat. From the beginning of the twentieth century
they began to combat it by a ‘forward policy’ based on the assertion
of ‘national greatness’. With the Kaiser at their head, German rightwing political leaders began to claim for Germany the status, not
only of a Great Power, but of a World Power, Weltmacht. The only
competitor in that class was the British Empire; but if she was to
compete with Britain Germany needed not only a great army, but a
great fleet. To raise money for such a fleet a major propaganda
exercise was necessary; and that propaganda could be effective only
if Britain was depicted as the next great adversary that the Germans
must overcome if they were to achieve the status that they believed
to be rightfully their due.

The Rival Alliances
Germany already saw herself surrounded by enemies. When
Bismarck created the German Empire in 1871, he knew very well
that the natural reaction of her neighbours would be to unite
against her, and he took care to see that this did not happen. France,
with good reason, he regarded as irreconcilable, if only because she
had been compelled to surrender her provinces of Alsace and
Lorraine. He therefore tried to neutralize her by encouraging the
colonial ambitions that would bring her into conflict with Britain,
and ensured that she could find no allies among the other powers of
Europe by binding them all into his own system of alliances. The
Dual Monarchy presented no difficulty. Beset with internal
problems, she had been happy to conclude the Dual Alliance with
Germany in 1879. Her own natural enemy was the newly unified
Italy, who coveted the Italian-speaking lands on the southern slopes
of the Alps and at the head of the Adriatic that still remained in
10

Austrian hands; but Bismarck linked both into a Triple Alliance by
supporting Italian territorial claims against France and her
Mediterranean possessions.

Bismarck’s successors, for a whole complex of reasons, failed to
renew the treaty with Russia, thus leaving her available as an ally for
France. It was a terrible mistake. For Russia, if this newly powerful
Germany was not an ally she was a threat, and one that could be
countered only by a military alliance with France. France was in any
case a plentiful source of the investment capital that Russia needed
to finance the modernization of her economy. So in 1891 the two
powers concluded a treaty, the Dual Entente, to confront the Triple
Alliance, and the rival groups began to compete in the enhancement
of their military power.
The British initially regarded this alliance between her traditional
adversaries with alarm, and the dynamics of international relations
11

Europe in 1914

There remained the two flanking powers, Russia and Britain.
Russia would be a formidable ally for the French if given the chance,
which Bismarck was determined that she should not have. He had
been careful to cultivate her friendship and had linked her into his
‘system’ by an alliance concluded in 1881 and renewed, as a
‘Reinsurance Treaty’, six years later. As for Britain, France and
Russia were her natural adversaries, so to have them held in check
by a strong central power suited British statesmen very well. The
one thing that Bismarck had good reason to fear was a war in the
Balkans between Austria and Russia that might upset the balance
that he had so precariously established. At the Congress of Berlin in
1878 he brokered an agreement that divided the Balkans into
spheres of influence between Russia and the Dual Monarchy, and
gave to the latter a ‘Protectorate’ over the most northerly and
turbulent of the Ottoman provinces, Bosnia-Herzegovina. This
settlement produced an uneasy peace that lasted until the end of the
century, but Bismarck’s ‘system’ had begun to unravel long before
then.

The First World War

would normally have dictated an alliance with Germany as a natural
consequence. That this did not happen was due partly to the
traditional British reluctance to become involved in any entangling
continental alliances, and partly to extraordinarily clumsy German
diplomacy. More important than either, however, was the German
decision that we have already noted, to build a navy that could
challenge the British command of the seas.
Given that she already had the most powerful army in the world, it
was not immediately evident – at least not to the British – why
Germany needed an ocean-going navy at all. Hitherto, in spite of
industrial competition, British relations with Germany had been
friendly rather than otherwise. But now there began a ‘naval race’,
for quantitative and qualitative superiority in ships, that was to
transform British public opinion. By 1914 Britain had pulled
decisively ahead, if only because she was prepared to devote greater
resources to shipbuilding and did not need, as did the Germans, to
sustain the burden of an arms race by land as well. But the British
remained concerned not so much with the fleet that Germany had
already built as with that which she yet might – especially if a
successful war gave her military hegemony over the Continent.
So Britain mended her fences with her traditional rivals. In 1904
she settled her differences with France in Africa, establishing a
relationship that became known as l’entente cordiale. There
remained the Russian Empire, whose southward expansion
towards the frontiers of India had given Victorian statesmen
continual nightmares, and had led the British in 1902 to conclude
their first formal alliance for a nearly a century with the emerging
power of Japan. Three years later Russia was defeated and brought
to the verge of revolution by war with Japan, so in 1907 she was
happy to conclude an agreement with Britain over the disputed
borderlands of Persia and Afghanistan, thus creating a ‘Triple
Entente’. Beyond Europe, Britain took care to remain on friendly
terms with the United States. American appetite for naval
expansion had been whetted by victory over Spain in 1899 and
12

annexation of her possessions in the Pacific, but British statesmen
realized that America’s immense resources meant that
confrontation with her should be avoided at almost any cost. So
traditional rivalries were appeased by the virtual abandonment of a
British naval presence in the western hemisphere and the careful
cultivation of a harmony between British and American elites based
on ‘Anglo-Saxon’ consanguinity and shared political values.

But, when war did break out three years later, it was at the other end
of Europe, in the Balkans, as Bismarck himself had gloomily
foreseen.

The Balkan Crises
Without Bismarck’s calming hand, relations between AustriaHungary and Russia deteriorated as badly as those between
Britain and Germany. The Balkan state that the Austrians most
feared was Serbia, especially since their protectorate over BosniaHerzegovina had placed many Serbs under Austrian control. In
1903 a coup d’état in Belgrade had overthrown the Obrenovic
dynasty that had pursued a course of conciliation towards the Dual
Monarchy, and replaced it with a regime dedicated to the expansion
of Serbia through the liberation of Serbs under foreign rule –
especially those in Bosnia. Five years later Austria formally annexed
Bosnia-Herzegovina to facilitate her control over those provinces.
The Serb government responded by creating an open ‘liberation
13

Europe in 1914

Although Britain concluded no formal alliances except that with
Japan, the Germans complained that the British were weaving a
web to encircle and imprison them, and relations grew steadily
worse. In 1911, when the Germans attempted to humiliate the
French by challenging their influence in Morocco with a naval
demonstration off Agadir, the British made their support for the
French explicit. Many people in Britain and Germany began to
regard each other as natural enemies, and war between them as
inevitable.

The First World War

movement’ for Bosnian Serbs with a covert terrorist wing, ‘the Black
Hand’, trained and supported by elements within the Serb army. At
the same time, Serbia, with Russian encouragement, took the lead
in forming a ‘Balkan League’ with Greece, Bulgaria, and
Montenegro, dedicated to the final expulsion of the Turks from the
peninsula. Their opportunity came in 1912, when the Turks were
engaged in defending their territories in Libya against an attack by
Italy, whose government had grandiose ambitions (anticipating
those of Mussolini a generation later) to restore the glories of the
Roman Empire. In the First Balkan War of that year the Balkan
allies drove the Turks from the entire peninsula except a bridgehead
round Adrianople. A second war was fought the following year
between the victorious allies over the division of the spoils.
As a result of these two wars, the territory and population of Serbia
were doubled and her ambitions hugely encouraged. But in Vienna
the reigning emotions were fear and frustration: fear at the
apparently unstoppable march of Serbia, with all the
encouragement this gave to Slav dissidents in both halves of the
Monarchy; and frustration at their inability to do anything about it.
Then on 28 July 1914 the heir to the Habsburg throne, Archduke
Franz Ferdinand, was assassinated in Sarajevo, the capital of
Bosnia-Herzegovina, by Gavril Princip, a teenage terrorist trained
and armed by the Serb-sponsored Black Hand.

14

Chapter 2
The Coming of War

The Crisis of 1914
The crisis precipitated by the Archduke’s assassination at first
seemed no worse than the half-dozen or so that had preceded it in
the Balkans since 1908 and been peacefully resolved by the
intervention of the Great Powers. But the Austrians were now
determined to crush their Serbian enemy for good. They issued an
ultimatum that would, if accepted, have turned Serbia virtually into
a client state of the Dual Monarchy. This the Russians could not
have tolerated, and the Austrians knew it; so before issuing their
ultimatum they obtained what became known as ‘a blank cheque’
from Berlin, assuring them of German support in the event of war.
In issuing that cheque the German government knew that it was
risking at least a European war, but by now such a war was
regarded in Berlin as almost inevitable. Germany’s military leaders
calculated that it would be better to have it sooner, while the
Russians had still not fully recovered from the defeat of 1905,
rather than three years later, when they would have completed a
huge French-financed railway-building and mobilization
programme that could put them in an entirely new league of
military strength. France herself had been going through a phase
of militant nationalism after the Agadir crisis, and was both
militarily and psychologically ready for war. In Russia, Pan-Slav
public opinion pressed strongly for war, even though the
government knew very well the weakness not only of the
15

army but of the entire regime, already shaken in 1905 by a
revolution whose rumblings had not yet died away. As for the
British, their interest in the affairs of the Balkans was minimal
and their own domestic problems overwhelming; but if there
was to be a European war, they were unlikely to stand by and
watch France defeated by a Germany, many of whose publicists
had for long been designating England as their principal enemy
and for whom victory in Europe would be only the preliminary
to her establishment as not just a Great, but a World
Power.

The First World War

Europe thus stood on the brink of war in July 1914. To understand
why she toppled over we must now look at the other two elements in
the Clausewitzian trinity: the activities of the military and the
passions of the peoples.

The Military Situation in 1914
The German victories of 1866–70 had opened a new chapter in the
military as well as the political history of Europe. The German
triumphs were generally seen to have been due to two factors, one
strategic and one tactical. The first had been Germany’s capacity to
deploy very much larger forces in the field than could her
adversaries, and this was itself due to two causes. One was the
development of railways and telegraphs, which made possible the
rapid deployment to the theatre of war of unprecedented numbers
of men. The other was the introduction of universal peacetime
conscription, which ensured not only that these numbers were
available but that they had been fully trained and could be rapidly
mobilized when required. Such armies – and by 1871 that of the
Germans already numbered over a million – required an
unprecedented degree of organization, which was the task of a
general staff whose head became the effective commander-in-chief
of the entire force. It also called for a devolution of command that
imposed new responsibilities on middle-ranking and junior officers.
Battles could no longer be fought and decided under the eye of a
16

single commanding general. They might extend, as they did in the
Russo-Japanese War, over many scores of miles. Once he had
deployed his forces on the battlefield, the commander-in-chief
could only sit in his headquarters many miles behind the front line
and hope for the best.

In a pioneer work of operational analysis, La guerre future,
published in 1899, the Polish writer Ivan Bloch calculated that in
wars fought with such weapons the offensive would in future be
impossible. Battles would quickly degenerate into bloody deadlock.
The cost of maintaining such huge armies in the field would be
prohibitive. The economies of the belligerent powers would be
overstrained, and the consequent hardships imposed on the civilian
population would everywhere lead to the revolutions that the
possessing classes throughout Europe were beginning to dread. So
accurately did this foretell the course and outcome of the First
World War that subsequent historians have wondered why more
account of it was not taken at the time. But within a few years of its
publication two wars were fought that showed that, although the
new weapons certainly inflicted terrible losses, decisive battles
17

The Coming of War

This extension of the front was increased by the second factor, the
development of long-range weapons. The introduction of breechloading and rifled firearms for infantry increased both range and
accuracy to an extent that would have made frontal attacks out of
the question if simultaneous developments in artillery had not
provided the firepower to support them. Even since 1870 ranges
had increased enormously. By 1900 all European armies were
equipped with infantry rifles sighted up to 1,000 yards and lethally
accurate at half that range. Field guns were now ranged up to five
miles, and capable of firing up to twenty rounds a minute. Heavy
artillery, hitherto used only for siege work, was being rendered
mobile by rail and road, and could engage targets at a range of
over twenty-five miles. Armies would thus come under fire long
before they could even see their enemy, let alone attack his
positions.

The First World War

could still be fought and won. In South Africa in 1899–1902, in spite
of the skill and courage of the Boer riflemen, the British eventually
won the war and pacified the country – very largely through the use
of cavalry whose demise military reformers had been foreseeing for
many years. More significantly, in 1904–5, in a war fought on both
sides with the latest modern weapons, the Japanese had been able,
by a combination of skilful infantry and artillery tactics and the
suicidal courage of their troops, to defeat the Russians in battle after
battle and compel them to sue for peace. The lesson learned by
European armies was that victory was still possible for armies
equipped with up-to-date weapons and whose soldiers were not
afraid to die. But a further lesson was that the victory had to be
quick. A campaign lasting little more than a year had resulted in
revolution in Russia and brought Japan to the brink of economic
collapse. Bloch’s forecast that no nation could for long sustain a war
fought, in the words of the German Chief of Staff Alfred von
Schlieffen, by ‘armies of millions of men costing milliards of marks’,
was taken to heart. The powers of Europe all prepared to fight a
short war because they could not realistically contemplate fighting a
long one; and the only way to keep the war short was by taking the
offensive.

The ‘Arms Race’
In the first decade of the twentieth century the powers of Europe
were engaged in a process of competitive modernization of their
armed forces that came to be called, rather inaccurately, an ‘arms
race’. The lessons of the Russo-Japanese War were closely studied,
especially by the Germans, who perceived long before their
competitors the importance of entrenchments to protect their
infantry from artillery fire, and the huge advantage given by mobile
heavy artillery. Machine guns had also proved their value, but their
rate of fire of 600 rounds per minute presented problems of
ammunition supply that made their employment in mobile warfare
highly problematic. All armies added them to their arsenals, but it
was only in the defensive battles on the Western Front in 1915–17
18

In armament all European armies in 1914 were at least comparable.
Only in their use of mobile heavy artillery were the Germans able to
spring unpleasant surprises. What gave military planners sleepless
nights was not the equipment of the enemy armed forces, but their
size. This was ultimately determined by the size of the population,
but it was also affected by social constraints that limited the extent
and duration of conscription, and financial pressures limiting its
cost. Of the three powers principally concerned, the population of
the newly united German Empire at sixty-seven million exceeded,
as we have seen, that of France at thirty-six million, but was far
inferior to the 164 million of the Russian Empire. In France,
democratic mistrust of militarism had confined military service to
two years, but over 80 per cent of available manpower was called
up. In Germany military service lasted for three years, but the
numbers called up were constrained by both budgetary
19

The Coming of War

that they came into their own. All armies abandoned their
colourful uniforms (the British, accustomed to fighting in the dust
and desert of colonial campaigns, had done so already) and
clothed themselves in various shades of the mud in which they
would now have to fight – except the French, who were compelled
to retain their distinctive scarlet trousers by nostalgic nationalist
politicians, and suffered terribly in consequence. All competed in
introducing the new technology of the aeroplane and the
automobile, although in 1914 the first was only just coming into
use to supplement cavalry reconnaissance, and the second was
used mainly for the transportation of staff officers and senior
commanders. Throughout the war, transportation and traction
beyond railheads were to remain overwhelmingly horse drawn.
Once they left their trains, armies could still move no faster than
those of Napoleon – indeed, of Julius Caesar. Finally, the
importance of wireless communications – and their interception –
was generally recognized, especially in naval warfare. But on land
sets were still too heavy for operational use below army
headquarters, with results for front-line fighting that we shall
consider in due course.

The First World War

considerations and resistance from an increasingly left-wing
Reichstag, as well as by reluctance within the army itself to
recruiting within the growing and (it was thought) politically
unreliable urban population. Only some 54 per cent of the
manpower available was called up before 1911, which gave the
German army a peacetime strength of 612,000 as against the
French of 593,000. The size of Russia’s population and in
consequence of her army (1,345,000) looked terrifying on
paper, but it was made less impressive by shortage of railways to
deploy it and the administrative incompetence so humiliatingly
revealed by the defeat in 1905. So negligible had the Russian
threat then appeared that Schlieffen, in the ‘plan’ he bequeathed
in that year to his successor, virtually ignored it altogether and
concentrated the entire strength of the German army against
France.
The Russian defeat in 1905 may have reassured the Germans, but
it terrified the French. After 1908 they began to pour money into
Russia to build up her economic infrastructure (in particular her
railways) and re-equip her armies in a ‘Great Programme’ of
military reform that was due for completion in 1917. It was now
the Germans’ turn to be alarmed. They could no longer underrate
the importance of Austria-Hungary as an ally, and there was much
wild talk in both countries about the Slav threat to Western
civilization. The constraints on the Germans’ own military
build-up disappeared, and in 1912 they introduced a crash
programme of expansion that increased the size of their army by
1914 to 864,000. The French responded by increasing their own
length of military service to three years, giving them a peacetime
strength of 700,000. In both countries the additional expenditure
was rushed through parliaments increasingly convinced of the
imminence of a war in which their national existence would be at
stake. When war did break out in 1914 the Germans and French
each mobilized about four million men, of which some 1.7 million
Germans and two million French confronted each other on the
Western Front.
20

The Decision for War

All this was quite clear in Berlin. By supporting the Austrians the
Germans knew that they were risking a European war, but one that
they expected to win. The only question was, would it also be a
world war? Would Britain be brought in as well?
This was a possibility whose implications had been barely
considered in Berlin, where decision-makers were in a state of what
psychologists have termed ‘cognitive dissonance’. Britain was
widely seen as Germany’s ultimate enemy, the adversary who must
be faced down if Germany were to attain her rightful status as a
World Power. Yet Britain had been virtually ignored in German
military planning. The army had left it to the navy, assuming that
any expeditionary force Britain sent to help the French would be too
small to worry about. But the German navy could do nothing – or
21

The Coming of War

Such was the situation when the Austrians delivered their
ultimatum to Serbia in July 1914. The Austrians were determined to
crush the Serbs, if necessary by using military force, and relied on
their German ally to hold the Russians in check while they did so.
The Germans were confident that they could deter Russia from
intervening, but even if they did not, they preferred to go to war
while their army was at the peak of its strength, rather than delay
while the balance of military power tipped inexorably in favour of
their adversaries. The one thing they did not contemplate was
letting the Austrians down. The Dual Monarchy was their only
remaining ally (quite rightly they discounted the Italians), and its
humiliation and likely disintegration would be catastrophic for
German prestige and power. But very similar calculations were
being made in Russia. For the Russians, to abandon Serbia would
be to betray the whole Slav cause and lose everything that had been
gained in the Balkans since the beginning of the century. Finally, for
the French, to abandon Russia to defeat would be peacefully to
acquiesce in a German hegemony of Europe and her own reduction
to the rank of a third-rate power.

The First World War

believed it could do nothing – until it built up a high seas fleet
capable of challenging the Royal Navy, which it was not yet in a
position to do. For Germany’s Minister for the Navy, Admiral Graf
von Tirpitz, the timing of the war was disastrous. Any British
expeditionary force on the Continent might be caught up in the
defeat of its allies, but that had happened before (as it was to
happen again) in European history; but the war could still have
gone on as it had in the days of Napoleon – a prolonged war of the
kind for which no one had planned and which it was generally
believed that no one could win.
The German government was thus gambling on British neutrality,
and in July 1914 this seemed a reasonable bet. Since 1906 the hands
of the British government had been full with industrial unrest at
home and an apparently imminent civil war in Ireland. Ever since
the Agadir crisis in 1911 British military leaders had been holding
informal but detailed staff discussions with their French colleagues
about the possible dispatch of an expeditionary force to the
Continent, but the government had not thought it wise to reveal
these to a largely pacifistic parliament. The Royal Navy had made
all its dispositions on the assumption of a war with Germany, but
was committed to nothing. There was widespread concern at the
thrust of German policy, but left-wing and liberal opinion remained
solidly neutralist. Dislike of German ‘militarism’ was balanced by
hostility to a despotic Russian regime whose pogroms against Jews
and brutal persecution of dissidents were equally offensive to the
liberal conscience. It was still widely believed that British imperial
interests were threatened more by France and Russia than by
Germany. Commercial and financial links with Germany remained
close. Public opinion and parliamentary support thus remained too
uncertain for the Foreign Secretary, Sir Edward Grey, to be able to
give any unequivocal assurance that, if the crisis developed into war,
Britain would take her place alongside her associates of the Triple
Entente. Had Germany not invaded Belgium, it is an open question
whether Britain would have maintained her neutrality and for how
long. But invade her she did, and we must see why.
22

Clausewitz once wrote that military plans might have their own
grammar but they had no inherent logic. There was certainly no
logic in the decision by the German General Staff that, in order to
support the Austrians in a conflict with Russia over Serbia,
Germany should attack France, who was not party to the quarrel,
and do so by invading Belgium, whose neutral status had been
guaranteed by a treaty of 1831 to which both Germany and Britain
had been signatories. It was significant of the state of affairs in
Berlin that the German Chancellor, Theodore von Bethmann
23

The Coming of War

German military planners had faced one basic strategic problem
since the days of Frederick the Great. Squeezed between a hostile
France in the west and a hostile Russia in the east (usually joined by
a hostile Austria in the south), their only hope of avoiding defeat
had always been to overwhelm one of their enemies before the other
was in a position to intervene. Prussian victories in 1866 and 1870
had been made possible by Bismarck’s success in neutralizing
Russia in both conflicts, but in 1891 the Franco-Russian Alliance
had revived the dilemma in its starkest form. Which enemy should
be destroyed first? Schlieffen had firmly settled for France. No
decisive victory was possible in the huge plains of Poland, but, if
France could be defeated, the Russians might quickly be brought to
terms. But how to gain a rapid and decisive victory over France?
Since 1871 France had built such formidable fortifications along her
German frontier that a repeat of 1870 appeared impossible. The
only answer seemed to lie in an outflanking movement through
neutral Belgium, one powerful enough to defeat the French army in
time to switch forces eastwards to ward off the expected Russian
assault. Schlieffen himself, as we have seen, did not take the Russian
threat very seriously, but by 1914 it appeared such a menace that
German planners sometimes feared that Russian armies might
enter Berlin before their own forces had reached Paris. A massive
invasion through Belgium was thus an essential part of German war
plans, and the increase in the size of the German army resulting
from the reforms of 1912–13 had been largely devised to make this
possible.

The First World War

Hollweg, saw it as his task, not to query this decision, but to justify it
as a necessary breach of international law in the prosecution of a
just and defensive war. But, in order for the war to appear just and
defensive, Russia must be made to appear the aggressor, and this
was the major concern of the German government in the last days
of the crisis.
Serbia predictably rejected the Austrian ultimatum, and Austria
declared war on 28 July. Thereafter military calculations dominated
decision-making in every European capital. On 30 July Czar
Nicholas II, with extreme hesitation, ordered the mobilization of all
Russian armed forces. It was generally assumed that mobilization
led inevitably to Aufmarsch, the deployment of armies for the
invasion of their neighbours, and that such deployment led with
equal inevitability to war. Mobilization was thus like drawing a gun;
whoever did so first enjoyed a huge strategic advantage. But, if
Russia did not do so first, her administrative backwardness and the
vast distances her reservists had to travel would put her at an
equally huge disadvantage with respect to the more compact and
better-organized Germany. In fact, neither for her nor for her
French ally did mobilization necessarily mean war, but for Germany
mobilization did lead seamlessly into Aufmarsch, and Aufmarsch
into an invasion of Belgium timetabled to the last minute. Russian
mobilization gave her the excuse. Last-minute attempts by a panicstricken Kaiser to delay matters were useless. The order to mobilize
was given in Berlin on 1 August. An ultimatum demanding free
passage through Belgium was issued the following day, and when it
was rejected German troops crossed the frontier on 3 August.
In Britain the invasion of Belgium united what had until then been
a deeply divided public opinion. Ever since the sixteenth century it
had been an article of faith in British naval policy that the Low
Countries should not be allowed to fall into hostile hands, and this
belief had become almost visceral, irrespective of party politics. The
British government at once issued an ultimatum demanding
assurances that Belgian neutrality would be respected. It remained
24

2. Belgian refugees: the first fruits of the German invasion

The First World War

unanswered, and Britain declared war on Germany on 4 August.
Liberal concerns for the rights of small nations combined with
traditional conservative concern for the maintenance of the balance
of European power to make parliamentary support almost
unanimous. A state of war was proclaimed throughout the British
Empire and the ‘First World War’ began.

26

Chapter 3
1914: The Opening
Campaigns

Popular Reactions
The outbreak of war was greeted with enthusiasm in the major
cities of all the belligerent powers, but this urban excitement was
not necessarily typical of public opinion as a whole. The mood in
France in particular was one of stoical resignation – one that
probably characterized all agrarian workers who were called up
and had to leave their land to be cultivated by women and
children. But everywhere peoples were supportive of their
governments. This was no ‘limited war’ between princely states.
War was now a national affair. For a century past, national
self-consciousness had been inculcated by state educational
programmes directed to forming loyal and obedient citizens.
Indeed, as societies became increasingly secular, the concept of
the Nation, with all its military panoply and heritage, acquired a
quasi-religious significance. Conscription assisted this
indoctrination process but was not essential to it: public opinion
in Britain, where conscription was not introduced until 1916, was
as keenly nationalistic as anywhere on the Continent. For
thinkers saturated in Darwinian theory, war was seen as a test of
‘manhood’ such as soft urban living no longer afforded. Such
‘manhood’ was believed to be essential if nations were to be ‘fit to
survive’ in a world where progress was the result, or so they
believed, of competition rather than cooperation, between nations
as between species. Liberal pacifism remained influential in
27

The First World War

Western democracies, but it was also widely seen, especially in
Germany, as a symptom of moral decadence.
Such sophisticated belligerence made the advent of war welcome to
many intellectuals, as well as to members of the old ruling classes,
who accepted with enthusiasm their traditional function of
leadership in war. Artists, musicians, academics, and writers vied
with each other in offering their services to their governments. For
artists in particular, Futurists in Italy, Cubists in France, Vorticists
in Britain, Expressionists in Germany, war was seen as an aspect of
the liberation from an outworn regime that they themselves had
been pioneering for a decade past. Workers in urban environments
looked forward to finding in it an exciting and, they hoped, a brief
respite from the tedium of their everyday lives. In the democracies
of Western Europe mass opinion, reinforced by government
propaganda, swept along the less enthusiastic. In the less literate
and developed societies further east, traditional feudal loyalty,
powerfully reinforced by religious sanctions, was equally effective in
mass mobilization.
And it must be remembered that all governments could make out
a plausible case. The Austrians were fighting for the preservation
of their historic multinational empire against disintegration
provoked by their old adversary Russia. The Russians were
fighting for the protection of their Slav kith and kin, for the
defence of their national honour, and to fulfil their obligations to
their ally France. The French were fighting in self-defence against
totally unprovoked aggression by their traditional enemy. The
British were fighting to uphold the law of nations and to preempt the greatest threat they had faced from the Continent since
the days of Napoleon. The Germans were fighting on behalf of
their one remaining ally, and to repel a Slavic threat from the east
that had joined forces with their jealous rivals in the west to stifle
their rightful emergence as a World Power. These were the
arguments that governments presented to their peoples. But the
peoples did not have to be whipped up by government
28

propaganda. It was in a spirit of simple patriotic duty that they
joined the colours and went to war.

The Invasion of Belgium
We have seen how the military plans of all the belligerents were
based on the assumption that, if the war were not to be disastrous, it
had to be kept short, and that a successful offensive was the only
way to ensure that it was. Nowhere was this believed more strongly
than in Berlin. The General Staff had calculated that the French
army had to be defeated within six weeks if sufficient forces were to
be transferred to meet and defeat the expected Russian attack in the
east. That could be done only by the great outflanking movement
through Belgium visualized by Schlieffen – a manœuvre aimed not
only at defeating the French armies but at surrounding and
29

1914: The Opening Campaigns

Writing at the end of the nineteenth century the German military
writer Colmar von der Goltz had warned that any future European
war would see ‘an exodus of nations’, and he was proved right. In
August 1914 the armies of Europe mobilized some six million men
and hurled them against their neighbours. German armies invaded
France and Belgium. Russian armies invaded Germany. Austrian
armies invaded Serbia and Russia. French armies attacked over the
frontier into German Alsace-Lorraine. The British sent an
expeditionary force to help the French, confidently expecting to
reach Berlin by Christmas. Only the Italians, whose obligations
under the Triple Alliance covered only a defensive war and ruled out
incurring British hostility, prudently waited on events. If ‘the Allies’
(as the Franco-Russo-British alliance became generally known)
won, Italy might gain the lands she claimed from Austria; if ‘the
Central Powers’ (the Austro-Germans), she might win not only the
contested borderlands with France, Nice and Savoy, but French
possessions in North Africa to add to the Mediterranean empire she
had already begun to acquire at the expense of the Turks. Italy’s
policy was guided, as their Prime Minister declared with endearing
frankness, by sacro egoismo.

The First World War

annihilating them in a Schlacht ohne Morgen – ‘a battle without a
tomorrow’. Schlieffen’s successor, Helmuth von Moltke, nephew of
the great field marshal who had led Prussian forces to victory in
1866 and 1870, modified the plan so as to provide better protection
against a possible French invasion of south Germany and to avoid
having to invade Holland as well; for, if the war did drag on, a
neutral Holland would be essential for the German economy. After
the war Moltke was accused of having ruined Schlieffen’s concept,
but later research has shown Schlieffen’s recommendations to have
been logistically impossible. A German invasion of Belgium had
been generally expected – the railheads constructed along the
Belgian frontier gave the game away – but French and British staff
calculations had concluded that constraints both of logistics and of
manpower would confine the movement to the right bank of the
Meuse. It was only the two additional army corps provided by the
German military reforms of 1911–12, and the unorthodox use of
reservist units as front-line troops, that enabled Moltke to flesh out
Schlieffen’s ideas, and mount an attack on a scale that took the
Allies completely by surprise.
The Belgians had prepared for a German invasion by constructing a
major fortification complex at Liège. To deal with this the Germans
employed their major ‘secret weapon’ – mobile siege artillery,
especially heavy howitzers from the Austrian Skoda works, whose
shells crashed through steel and concrete and battered the garrison
into surrender. By 17 August they had cleared the way, and the
German march through Belgium began. Before them the German
armies drove a flood of refugees who clogged the roads with carts
bearing all that they could rescue of their possessions – the first
trickle of that immense and miserable flood of uprooted humanity
that was to characterize warfare for the rest of the century. Those
who remained were treated by the invaders with a harshness
intended to pre-empt the kind of ‘people’s war’ of sabotage and
assassination that the French had begun to wage against their
invaders in 1870. Seeing saboteurs and francs-tireurs even when
they did not exist, German troops took and shot an estimated 5,000
30

Belgian civilians and indiscriminately set fire to buildings,
including those of the medieval university of Louvain. Wildly
exaggerated reports of their atrocities were spread in Britain,
confirming public support for a war that rapidly came to be seen as
a crusade against barbaric German militarism – a view that spread
to influential quarters in the United States. If the invasion itself had
not been enough to provoke Britain to intervene, the manner in
which the German forces enforced their occupation would have
created almost irresistible pressure to do so.

The Battle of the Marne

The story of the so-called Battle of the Marne has been retold
innumerable times, and everybody involved has claimed the lion’s
share of the credit. Perhaps the most cogent comment was that of
Joffre, who later said that he did not know who had won the battle,
31

1914: The Opening Campaigns

Meanwhile General Joseph Joffre, the French commander-in-chief,
launched his own offensive further south – initially into AlsaceLorraine, largely to satisfy public opinion, then northward into the
flank of the German attack. Everywhere French forces were
repulsed with heavy losses, largely in encounter battles with the
advancing Germans whose heavy artillery often destroyed French
units long before they could bring their own lighter guns to bear.
The French armies were thus already falling back when the German
outflanking movement began to take effect. The right wing of the
German forces, General von Kluck’s First Army, passed through
Brussels on 20 August and two days later found the Allied left flank
in the industrial town of Mons. There the two corps of the British
Expeditionary Force under Field Marshal Sir John French had been
rushed into the line and had barely taken up their positions when
they were attacked. With their French allies on their right, they
were forced into a retreat that lasted for two sweltering weeks until,
at the beginning of September, the Schlieffen plan came unstuck;
the Allies counter-attacked; and the entire German strategy
collapsed.

The First World War

but he knew who would have been blamed if it had been lost. Briefly
what happened was this. Kluck had been ordered to sweep round to
the west and south of Paris in order to encircle and complete the
annihilation of the French armies. But on 30 August he decided
that, rather than carry out this hugely ambitious operation, he
should give priority to maintaining contact with General von
Bülow’s army on his left, which had been slowed down by French
counter-attacks. With Moltke’s approval, he therefore deflected his
line of advance to the south-east of Paris. Meanwhile Joffre had
been using his railway network to switch forces from his right wing
to the region of Paris, whence they now threatened Kluck’s exposed
right flank. On 4 September Joffre halted the retreat of his main
forces and simultaneously unleashed this new army against Kluck.
When Kluck deployed to meet it, a gap opened between his left
flank and Bülow’s right, into which British and French forces began
to penetrate. Von Moltke, 150 miles behind the front at
Luxembourg and receiving only fragmentary messages from his
army commanders, became uneasy. He had already weakened his
forces by sending two army corps to the Eastern Front, where things
seemed to be going badly wrong. On 8 September he sent his Chief
of Intelligence, Colonel Hentsch, to see what was happening, with
plenipotentiary powers to sort matters out. Hentsch found both
army headquarters in a state of confusion, and confirmed their own
inclination to retreat. The whole German line fell back to the line of
the Aisne, the French and British cautiously following. There the
Germans established themselves in positions that they were
successfully to defend for the best part of four years to come.

The First Battle of Ypres
Moltke, an unstable character at the best of times, now suffered a
nervous collapse, and was replaced in command of the German
armies by the Minister for War, Erich von Falkenhayn. Falkenhayn
knew as well as anyone the importance of gaining victory before
winter set in. He rushed every unit he could lay hands on to rescue
what he could of the Schlieffen plan by outflanking the Allies to the
32

north. Joffre responded in kind, placing the northern section of the
front under the command of the most inspiring of his subordinate
commanders, General Ferdinand Foch. The coast was held by all
that was left of the Belgian army, which had made a brief stand at
Antwerp, gallantly if ineffectually assisted by a scratch relief force
from Britain, before having to fall back on 6 October. The British
Expeditionary Force, now three corps strong, just had time to take
up positions on the right of the Belgians around Ypres before, on
30 October, the German attack began.

The First Battle of Ypres, as it came to be called, saw the end of the
old British army. It also saw the end of mobile war on the Western
Front. The trenches hastily scrabbled in the boggy soil round Ypres
became part of a line stretching from the North Sea to the Swiss
frontier that was, as we have seen, to remain essentially unchanged
for four more terrible years.

The Eastern Front in 1914
On the Eastern Front the situation was a great deal more confused.
Political logic would have led the Austrians to concentrate their
attack on Serbia, the original occasion for the war, and the Russians
to advance south as quickly as possible to rescue the Serbs. It did
not work out like that. Both governments had divided purposes.
33

1914: The Opening Campaigns

Both sides knew that this might be the decisive battle of the war.
The British had put into the line virtually the whole of their old
regular army, whose quality more than compensated for its
diminutive size. Falkenhayn attacked with four newly created army
corps, some units of which consisted largely of untrained students
below military age. They attacked with desperate courage, to be
mown down in their thousands by British rifles and machine guns
outside the village of Langemarck in what became known in
Germany as the Kindermord, the ‘Massacre of the Innocents’. But
the British line just held, and on 11 November beat off the last
German attack.

The First World War

The Russian government was certainly under strong pressure to
help the Serbs, mainly from the Panslav nationalists who had for
fifty years past been the driving force behind Russian expansion in
the Balkans. But there was equally strong pressure to help the
French from the liberal bourgeoisie whose ties with the West had
been cemented by French loans and investments. There was also a
significant pro-German faction, especially among the court
aristocracy, that had been momentarily silenced but was to become
increasingly powerful as the war went on. The High Command was
riven by political and professional rivalries that the Czar tried to
resolve by creating two totally separate army groups under the
nominal command of his uncle the Grand Duke Nicholas. These
were to fight separate wars, one in the north-west in Poland and
East Prussia against Germany, the other in the south in Galicia
against Austria-Hungary.
Ever since 1911, when the great increases in the German army
began, the French High Command had been urging on the Russians
the need for a rapid attack to distract as many German forces as
possible from the offensive in the west. The Russian northern army
group did its best. On 15 August, while the German forces in the
west were still held up by the forts of Liège, the Russian First Army
under General Rennenkampf drove into East Prussia from the east,
and five days later inflicted a sharp reverse on the Germans at
Gumbinnen. On the same day the Second Army under General
Samsonov advanced from the south, threatening the German right
flank. The German concentration against France had left only one
army to defend the eastern frontier. Its commander, General von
Prittwitz, panicked and ordered a general withdrawal behind the
Vistula.
But East Prussia, the historic heartland of the Prussian monarchy,
could not be so easily abandoned. Prittwitz was dismissed, to be
replaced by the formidable combination of Paul von Hindenburg
and Erich Ludendorff. Hindenburg, a solid embodiment of the
traditional Prussian virtues, had served in the wars of both 1866
34

Further south the Austrians, like the Russians, were divided in
purpose. The distinct preference of their Chief of Staff, Conrad von
Hötzendorf, was to deal once and for all with the troublesome
Serbs, but he had four Russian armies massing against him on the
frontiers of Galicia and was receiving daily messages from Berlin
urging him to engage them and relieve pressure on the German
army. Conrad made the worst of both worlds. His attack on Serbia
went off at half-cock. The Serbs were hardened fighters who drove
the Austrians back across their frontier with the loss of 30,000
men. His attack northward into Russian Poland resulted in
confused encounter battles, until ultimately a Russian threat to his
35

1914: The Opening Campaigns

and 1870 and had been recalled from retirement at the age of 66.
Ludendorff, his Chief of Staff, was a middle-class professional
whose ferocious competence had been displayed as much in the
bureaucratic battles over the expansion of the army before the war
as by his astounding performance in its early days when he had
driven in a commandeered car between the outlying forts into Liège
and bluffed the authorities into surrendering the central citadel. On
their arrival they adopted a plan already prepared by Prittwitz’s
equally able Chief of Staff Colonel Max Hoffmann, whereby only a
thin cavalry screen was left to delay Rennenkampf’s advance from
the east while the bulk of German forces was concentrated against
Samsonov. The success of this manœuvre owed much to German
foreknowledge of Russian plans gleaned from reading their radio
signals dispatched en clair, and more to the initiative of a German
corps commander, General von François, who ignored orders to
stand fast and boldly advanced to cut off Samsonov’s retreat to the
south. The three-day battle of Tannenberg (27–30 August) resulted
in 50,000 Russians killed or wounded and 90,000 prisoners. It was
one of the greatest military victories of all time and has been studied
in staff colleges ever since, but its effect on the outcome of the war
was negligible. Its only lasting result was the elevation of
Hindenburg and Ludendorff in Germany to the status of demigods.
In the subsequent fighting among the Masurian lakes the Germans
took a further 30,000 prisoners, but lost 100,000 men of their own.

right flank forced him to fall back to the Carpathians, abandoning
the key fortress of Przemysl and losing a further 350,000 men. The
Germans responded to his increasingly desperate cries for help by
attacking over the western frontier of Poland towards Warsaw. In
November, while the British were fighting at Ypres, huge and
inconclusive battles were swirling around Lodz, in which each side
lost about 100,000 men. The irrepressible Conrad then launched a
winter offensive across the Carpathians to relieve Przemysl. This
collapsed in howling snowstorms, and Przemysl surrendered the
following March. By then the Habsburg army had lost over two
million men.

The First World War

So by the end of 1914 the short war for which Europe’s armies had
been preparing for the previous forty years was over; but nobody
had won it.

36

Chapter 4
1915: The War Continues

Had this been a ‘limited war’ in the style of the eighteenth
century, governments might at this point have declared a truce
and patched up a compromise peace. Left to themselves, the
original protagonists, Russia and Austria-Hungary, would almost
certainly have done so. But the original causes of the war were
now almost forgotten, and what those powers felt hardly
mattered. Their allies were now in the driving seat, and had no
intention of calling a halt. The German armies after a succession
of brilliant successes were deep inside the territory of their
adversaries, and were confident that they could complete their
victory during the coming year. Their government had already
drafted, in the so-called September Programme, the peace terms
they intended to impose on their defeated enemies. In the west,
Belgium would become a German protectorate. France would be
made to yield yet more land on her eastern borders and
demilitarize her northern territories as far south as the mouth of
the Somme. In the east, German frontiers would be pushed deep
into Poland and extended north along the Baltic littoral. Heavy
indemnities would be demanded from the defeated Allies,
commensurate with Germany’s own losses of ‘blood and treasure’.
For France, naturally enough, there could be no peace so long as
the German army occupied a fifth of her most productive
territory. As for opinion in Britain, peace was unthinkable so long
as Germany continued to occupy and behave so outrageously in
37

The First World War

3. Germany’s self-image during the war

Belgium, and the million or so men who had voluntarily enlisted
on the outbreak of the war had barely begun to fight.
In any case for both sides, especially for Britain and Germany, the
war was no longer just a traditional struggle for power, but
increasingly a conflict of ideologies. If conservatives in Britain saw
it as a defence of the British Empire against the challenge of a rival
Great Power, liberals saw it as a struggle for democracy and the rule
of law against the jackboot of Prussian militarism, whose treatment
of Belgium gave a foretaste of what Europe had to expect at the
hands of a victorious Germany. The demonization of Germany was,
38

of course, to be intensified by official propaganda, but that did no
more than play on emotions already being ventilated and
intensified by the press. The degree of popular hysteria was such
that even the most distinguished families with German names
found it convenient to relabel themselves: the Battenbergs as
Mountbatten, the Royal family itself (generally known as the House
of Hanover but more accurately Saxe-Coburg-Gotha) as the House
of Windsor. At the lower end of the animal scale, the popular breed
of German sheepdogs was rebranded as ‘Alsatians’, and dachshunds
disappeared from the streets. Wagner’s music was effectively
banned. In Germany reactions were no less intense. The
antagonism found expression in Ernst Lissauer’s popular
Hassgesang, a Hymn of Hate, which indicted England as Germany’s
most dangerous and treacherous foe. German academics and
39

1915: The War Continues

4. The image of Germany in Allied propaganda

intellectuals joined forces to depict Germany as fighting for a
unique Kultur against Slavic barbarism on the one hand, and,
on the other, the frivolity and decadence of French civilisation
and the brutish shopkeepers’ materialism of the Anglo-Saxons – a
Kultur that embodied and was defended by the warrior virtues
that the West condemned as militaristic. Such ‘popular passions’
were at least as important as political or military calculations in the
determination of the belligerents to press on with the war.

The First World War

War at Sea
The British government had initially shared the continental illusion
that the war would be ended in a matter of months; not through a
military decision but from a collapse of the financial system that
enabled the economy of the belligerent powers to function at all.
There was general surprise when the incoming Secretary of State
for War, Britain’s most distinguished living soldier Lord Kitchener,
warned his civilian colleagues to plan for a war lasting for at least
three years, but historical precedent gave no reason to suppose that
it would be over any more quickly. Even if Germany were as
successful by land as had been Napoleon, the war was likely to go on
as it had in the days of Napoleon; and, like Napoleon, Germany
would ultimately be defeated by British ‘command of the sea’. The
main concern of the Royal Navy was to ensure that this would be
the case.
About the importance of that ‘command’ no one was in any doubt.
Orthodox naval opinion, in Germany as well as in Britain, believed
that wars were won or lost by a clash of great battle fleets, as they
had been in the age of Nelson. The victor would then be able to
starve his opponent into surrender, or at least so disrupt his trade
that his economy would collapse and he would no longer be able to
continue the war. In spite of Tirpitz’s building programme, the
German High Seas Fleet was still in no position to challenge the
British Grand Fleet; but the British were too wary of the lethal
power of mines and torpedoes to seek out the German fleet in its
40

North Sea bases or impose a close blockade on the German coast.
Their caution appeared justified when on 22 September 1914 a
German submarine sank three British cruisers in the English
Channel, with a loss of 1,500 lives. The Grand Fleet therefore
remained in harbour at Scapa Flow, in the extreme north of
Scotland, watching in case the German fleet attempted a sortie. Its
opponents in the German High Seas Fleet did the same, while the
Royal Navy swept German shipping from the seas. The few German
commerce-raiders at sea when war broke out were quickly hunted
down, though not before a squadron under Admiral Graf von Spee
destroyed a British detachment at Coronel off the coast of Chile on
1 November 1914 – to be destroyed in its turn in the Battle of the
Falkland Islands a month later.

Colonial Warfare
‘Command of the sea’ also meant that Germany was cut off from her
colonies, but these were too few to matter. Unlike the French in the
eighteenth century, whose colonies had been a major source of
41

1915: The War Continues

German cruisers bombarded English coastal towns during the
winter of 1914–15, and there was a clash on the Dogger Bank in
January, but otherwise both fleets remained inactive. After two
years a new German commander, Admiral Scheer, lost patience. On
31 May 1916 he led the High Seas Fleet out into the North Sea to
challenge the Grand Fleet to battle. The British took up the
challenge, and the two fleets clashed off the Danish coast in what for
the British became known as the Battle of Jutland, for the Germans
as that of the Skaggerak. The unprecedented nature of the
encounter and the failure of signal communications made the battle
itself inconclusive. The Germans sank fourteen British ships
totalling 110,000 tons as against their own loss of eleven ships
totalling 62,000 tons, and so were able plausibly to claim a tactical
victory. But the strategic situation remained unchanged. British
ships continued to dominate the world’s oceans, and the German
High Seas Fleet to rot in harbour until the end of the war.

The First World War

wealth that could be transferred to their conqueror, the Germans
had acquired overseas colonies mainly for reasons of prestige, to
bolster their claim to the status of Weltmacht; but they were if
anything a drain on their economy. Their islands in the Central
Pacific – the Marshalls, the Marianas, the Carolines – were quickly
seized by Britain’s allies the Japanese, as was their base Tsingtao on
the Chinese mainland. Those in the South Pacific – Samoa, Papua,
the Solomons, the Bismarcks – were taken by the Australians and
New Zealanders. Ironically, although all were to be the scenes of
desperate fighting in the Second World War, in the First they hardly
rated as sideshows. In West Africa, French and British colonial
troops cooperated in clearing Togoland and the German
Cameroons. South African forces, largely Boers who had been
fighting the British fifteen years earlier, captured German SouthWest Africa, later Namibia, but German East Africa, later Tanzania,
proved a very much harder nut to crack. The commander of the
garrison, Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck, first repulsed a landing by
Anglo-Indian troops at Tanga, and then evaded and harassed an
expedition sent to destroy him under one of the stars of the Boer
War, Jan Christian Smuts, in a guerrilla campaign that was still
being successfully waged when the war ended in Europe in 1918.
Lettow-Vorbeck brilliantly upheld the honour of German arms, but
the effect of his campaign on the outcome of the war was negligible.
It was clear from the outset that the war would be decided on
European battlefields. Although the British had been laying plans
for ‘Imperial Defence’ for the previous thirty years, these had been
concerned not so much with the defence of imperial territory
overseas as with contributions from the Empire to the Royal Navy,
and with the homogenization of Canadian, Australian, and New
Zealand forces with those of the United Kingdom. British command
of the seas enabled those forces to be brought to Europe, some of
them escorted by Japanese warships. All were volunteers. Many
were first-generation immigrants or their children for whom
Britain was still ‘home’, and membership of the British Empire a
cause for pride. In addition, détente with Russia had freed the
42

Indian army for service overseas, although the miserable winter of
1914 that many of them spent in the waterlogged trenches of the
Western Front made it clear that this was not the best way to use
their services. Fortunately a more convenient theatre of war opened
up for them when, at the end of October, the Ottoman Empire
entered the war at the side of Germany.

The Dardanelles and Salonica Campaigns

The British took a relaxed view of all this. Once they had established
themselves in Egypt in the 1880s, they had abandoned the
43

1915: The War Continues

The Ottoman Empire (‘Turkey’ for short) was a major actor on the
European scene whose role we have not yet considered. After a
century of degeneracy, defeat, and humiliation, when she survived
mainly because the European powers saw her existence as necessary
to preserve the balance in Eastern Europe, power had been seized in
1908 by a group of young officers (the original ‘Young Turks’) set on
modernizing the archaic political and economic system and
restoring national prestige. They turned their backs on the Islamic
traditions of the Ottoman Empire with its vast sprawling frontiers
in Africa and Arabia in favour of a compact ethnically homogeneous
Turkey that would eliminate alien elements – Greek, Armenian –
within her own territory and sponsor a Pan-Turanian movement
that would liberate and unite the thirty million ethnic Turks of the
Caucasus, southern Russia, and Central Asia under a single rule.
The Russians viewed the advent of this new regime with
understandable alarm, the more so since in Germany it found
enthusiastic support. German investment poured into the country,
especially for the development of its railways. German diplomats
exercised the commanding influence in Constantinople that had
been a British prerogative in the previous century, while German
officers assisted in the training and re-equipment of the Turkish
army – though not in time to save it from humiliating defeat in the
First Balkan War of 1912. There is still a special shrine in honour of
its German mentors in the Turkish Army Museum in Istanbul.

The First World War

thankless task of propping up the Turks as a barrier to Russian
expansion. Indeed, they initially saw in the German presence there
a useful counterweight against Russia. When Russia became an ally,
the Straits linking the Mediterranean with the Black Sea, through
which passed a third of all Russian exports, acquired a new strategic
importance, but it was assumed that Anglo-French command of the
Mediterranean would be enough to ensure safe passage. Further, if
the Germans controlled the Turkish army, the British were equally
influential in the Turkish navy. Two state-of-the-art battleships had
been built for it in British yards, and in August 1914 they were ready
for delivery. But when war broke out the British government
stepped in and purchased the ships for themselves, thus alienating
their chief supporters in Constantinople. Admittedly the Turks had
just concluded a treaty with Germany directed against the Russians,
so there could be no guarantee that the vessels would not fall under
German control; and the incident might have been forgotten if two
German warships, the Goeben and the Breslau, had not successfully
evaded British pursuit in the Mediterranean on the outbreak of war
and cast anchor off Constantinople on 12 August. Their brooding
presence, combined with the stunning successes of the German
armies on all fronts, helped persuade the Turkish government to
declare war on Russia, and on 29 October the German ships, now
flying the Turkish flag, bombarded the Black Sea port of Odessa. At
the same time the Turks took the offensive against the Russians by
attacking in that historic arena of Russo-Turkish conflict, the
Caucasus – an unwise thing to do at the onset of winter, as the
80,000 Turkish losses during the next three months were to testify.
The British did not lament this diplomatic defeat, and may indeed
have deliberately courted it. The decrepit Ottoman Empire was
more useful to them as a victim than as a dependent ally. The
Colonial Office and the India Office had long seen Turkey’s Asian
possessions as a legitimate prey for the British Empire. The Royal
Navy, having recently begun to convert from coal to oil-burning
ships, had its eyes on the oil refineries at Basra at the head of the
Persian Gulf. With Turkey as an enemy, Britain could now convert
44

her anomalous occupation of Egypt into a full protectorate. London
even felt self-confident enough to promise Constantinople, seen for
100 years past as a bastion of British security, to their new allies the
Russians. It was still assumed that Turkey, with her political life
concentrated in Constantinople, would be easily vulnerable to the
pressure of British sea power. All that was needed was to force a
passage through the Dardanelles, which nobody thought would be
very difficult; and early in 1915 preparations were made to do just
that.

45

1915: The War Continues

The Dardanelles campaign was triggered in January 1915 by a
request from the hard-pressed Russians for a ‘demonstration’
against Constantinople to relieve Turkish pressure in the Caucasus.
There were influential forces in Whitehall that had always
questioned the wisdom of committing the British army to a land
campaign in Western Europe instead of using Britain’s maritime
power to blockade the enemy and her financial strength to support
continental allies – the strategy that had served them so well in the
Napoleonic Wars. Now they had their chance – especially since the
army had failed to secure the decision on the Western Front that
had been so confidently expected. The young First Lord of the
Admiralty, Winston Churchill, urged on the Dardanelles expedition
with his incomparable eloquence. His colleague at the War Office,
Lord Kitchener, an imperial soldier who had spent most of his life in
the Middle East, favoured it as well. For one thing it would reopen
communications with Russia, freeing her to export the grain that
played so vital a part in her economy. For another, a ‘back door’
could be opened through the Balkans to help the Serbs, who were
still successfully resisting Austrian attack; and Serbia’s former allies
of the Balkan Wars, Bulgaria and Greece, might be persuaded to
come to her help as well. Bulgaria, admittedly, was a very long shot.
Traditionally hostile to Serbia anyway, she had lost to her in the
Second Balkan War the lands in Macedonia that she saw as her
rightful reward for her efforts in the First, and was longing to get
them back. The Allies hoped to compensate her at the expense of
Austria-Hungary, but the Central Powers were in a far stronger

The First World War

position to woo her, both diplomatically and militarily. No one was
very surprised when Bulgaria entered the war on the side of the
Central Powers in October 1915.
But Greece was a different matter. She had been Serbia’s ally in both
Balkan Wars. Her business and trading classes were strongly
anglophile. The army and court were equally strongly proGerman – not surprisingly, given that the King was the Kaiser’s
brother-in-law (most of the new Balkan states had gone shopping
for their royal families in Germany). The Prime Minister,
Eleutherios Venizelos, a Cretan, was himself a strong supporter of
the Allies, but demanded a high price for Greek support –
Constantinople, which had unfortunately already been promised to
the Russians. Nevertheless the Serb victories over the Austrians in
the winter of 1914 and the Allied landings at the Dardanelles the
following March strengthened his hand sufficiently for him to
accept an Allied request (largely inspired by the French) that they
should land a small army at Salonica to bring direct help to the
Serbs. This force landed in October 1915.
By then a great deal had happened. The Dardanelles expedition had
failed. Its military objectives had from the beginning been confused.
The Royal Navy had been ordered simply ‘to bombard and take the
Gallipoli peninsula, with Constantinople as its objective’. But when
they attacked in March 1915, Allied (Anglo-French) naval forces had
been turned back by enemy minefields, and had called in land
forces to help. Troops were then committed piecemeal to the
Gallipoli peninsula, had suffered heavy losses in landing, and could
then only cling on to narrow beachheads overlooked by strong
Turkish defences. A major British attack in August at Suvla Bay
failed owing to the incompetence of its commanders. By October it
was clear that the operation had been a total failure, redeemed only
by the courage and endurance of the troops, especially those from
Australia and New Zealand, who had carried it out, and by the
successful evacuation of the peninsula at the end of the year. The
Allies had thus lost all credit in the eastern Mediterranean. In
46

Greece, Venizelos was disgraced; and, when the Allied expedition
eventually landed at Salonica, the new Greek government
complained bitterly of the infringement of its neutrality – which was
especially embarrassing for the British liberals who claimed to be
fighting for the rights of small nations.

Italy Enters the War
Italy, as we have seen, had declared her neutrality when war broke
out. There was no great enthusiasm for joining in the war: the
Treasury had been drained by the war against the Turks, and
industry was paralysed by strikes. The Church and much of the
aristocracy favoured the cause of the Catholic Austrians against the
liberal West. But the traditions of the Risorgimento, the prospect of
the final unification of the Italian nation, gave the Allied cause a
great popular advantage, which the Central Powers could match
only by ceding the Italian-speaking territories still in Austrian
possession. The Germans brought heavy pressure to bear on their
Austrian allies to do this, but Vienna was understandably reluctant.
After all, the war was being fought to preserve the Monarchy, not to
dismantle it. The Italians were universally unpopular, besides being
the only adversaries the Austrians were confident of being able to
defeat. Nevertheless, in May 1915 Vienna reluctantly yielded to
German pressure. It was too late: the Italians had signed the secret
47

1915: The War Continues

To make matters worse, the Central Powers had taken the military
initiative in the Balkans with far greater success. In November 1915
Austrian and German forces under German command, joined by
Bulgarians, invaded Serbia from three sides, pre-empting the Allied
advance from Salonica to help her. Serbia was crushed and
occupied, the remnants of her defeated army straggling over the
Montenegrin mountains in mid-winter to escape through the
Adriatic ports. Those who survived joined the Allied force at
Salonica, which was left in a state of almost comic impotence, while
the Austrians were now able to concentrate their strength on their
preferred adversaries; the Italians.

The First World War

Treaty of London with the Allies on 26 April. By this they were
promised all the Italian-speaking regions south of the Alps,
together with the German-speaking South Tyrol and wide areas of
Slovenia and Dalmatia where the Italians were in a definite
minority – to say nothing of a substantial share in Turkish Anatolia
where there were no Italians at all.
Italy declared war on 23 May 1915, and her commander-in-chief
General Luigi Cadorna spent the next two years launching suicidal
attacks in the mountains beyond the Isonzo, losing almost a million
men in the process. The Austrian army fought them with an
enthusiasm that it had shown on no other front. Arguably, the
Italian entry into the war did more for the morale of the Austrian
army than the victories it had won, very much as a junior partner to
the Germans, over the Serbs and Russians in the course of 1915.
Certainly it did little to compensate the Allies for the loss of the
Balkans and their defeat at the hands of the Turks.

The Eastern Front in 1915
Nor had the Allies done any better on their major fronts. The
strategic initiative still lay with Berlin – in particular with Erich von
Falkenhayn, the highly competent new Chief of the General Staff.
Falkenhayn had a clear order of priorities. He realized that
Germany’s most dangerous enemies lay in the west. Unless France
and, even more important, Britain, were defeated, the Allies could
prolong the war indefinitely – not so much through their own
military strength as through the maritime superiority that enabled
them to draw on the economic resources of the New World and
deny them to Germany. Russia no longer presented any immediate
threat, and the sheer size of the eastern theatre made it difficult to
obtain a decisive victory on that front. Left to himself, Falkenhayn
would have returned to the Schlieffen strategy of allocating minimal
forces to hold the Russians while concentrating everything on
securing a decisive victory in the west. But he was not left to
himself. For the German public the great heroes of the war were
48

now the victors of Tannenberg: Hindenburg and Ludendorff. This
formidable couple had no intention of allowing their theatre to
dwindle into a backwater, and they now commanded enough
political influence to ensure that it did not. Moreover, the Austrians
at the end of their disastrous winter campaign were on the verge of
collapse. Already by the end of 1914 they had lost a million and a
quarter men. By March they had lost a further 800,000. Those
losses included most of the professional cadres that had held the
multinational army together, and Slav units – Czech, Romanian,
and Ruthene – were beginning to desert en masse. Conrad himself
began to consider a separate peace with Russia, if only to deal with
the Italians more effectively.

Hindenburg and Ludendorff disagreed. They still visualized a farreaching strategy of encirclement that would trap the entire
Russian army, as Schlieffen had hoped to encircle the French, in ‘a
49

1915: The War Continues

Reluctantly, therefore, Falkenhayn accepted that for the time being
he would have to stand on the defensive in the west and attack
strongly enough in the east to rescue his Austrian ally and inflict
enough losses on the Russians to strengthen the hand of the
influential circles in St Petersburg who were already calling for
peace. To this end he created a new Austro-German army group
under the command of General August von Mackensen, with
Colonel Hans von Seeckt as his Chief of Staff, to attack the Russian
positions in Galicia in the region of Gorlice-Tarnow. This offensive
saw the first use of the methods that were to characterize the middle
years of the war: carefully planned infantry attacks behind a curtain
of prolonged and concentrated artillery fire. It was a total success:
100,000 prisoners were taken and the Russian lines penetrated to a
depth of eighty miles. It was not in itself ‘decisive’, but for
Falkenhayn that was not the point. He was beginning to understand
the nature of this new kind of warfare. In this, the object was not
victory in the field so much as ‘attrition’. Germany’s strategy should
now be to compel her adversaries to exhaust their resources while
committing as few as possible of her own.

5. German troops burning a village on the Eastern Front

battle without a tomorrow’. Falkenhayn would have none of this. In
August he authorized an offensive in the northern sector of the
front, but with the limited objective of driving the Russians out of
Poland and establishing a defensive line running north–south
through Brest-Litovsk. This operation was so successful that he
then allowed Ludendorff to carry out a further sweeping advance
in the north to take Vilna; but, once again, the German army
secured a spectacular operational victory that had no strategic
consequence.

Also significant, however, was the brutality with which this
campaign was conducted on both sides, of which civilians were the
chief victims. Russian troops devastated the countryside as they
withdrew, having no fellow feeling for its Polish and Lithuanian
inhabitants. The number of refugees was estimated at between
three million and ten million. The Germans were even less
concerned with civilian welfare. They advanced not only as
conquerors but as colonizers: this was territory that Ludendorff
planned to annex as part of a greater Reich, settled and dominated
by Germans. The region became known simply as OberOst, after
the military organization that ruled it. German officials treated the
inhabitants as barbarians, without rights or identity of their own. In
this, as in so many other respects, German actions in the First
World War grimly foreshadowed their behaviour in the Second.
51

1915: The War Continues

By the end of 1915 the German record on the Eastern Front had
been one of unbroken success, for which Hindenburg and
Ludendorff reaped the credit. But these brilliant victories over
greatly superior forces owed little to skilful generalship. They were
due rather to good organization, superior logistics, better training,
and better intelligence, much of it gained electronically through
listening to Russian messages transmitted en clair ; qualities
possessed in abundance by a highly educated and industrious
people whose development was still far ahead of the Russian
Empire.

The First World War

The Western Front in 1915
On the Western Front the Germans stood on the defensive
throughout 1915, and were equally successful. They attacked only
once, at Ypres in April, with little serious strategic purpose other
than to try out a new weapon, chlorine poison gas. Initially this was
highly effective: the Allied troops against whom it was deployed,
taken completely by surprise, temporarily abandoned an 8,000yard stretch of the front line. But the Allies rapidly improvised
antidotes and embodied the weapon in their own arsenals, making
the conduct of the war yet more complex and inhumane. Since this
new ‘frightfulness’ was added to the German record of barbarism
and was to be one of the most valuable items of Allied propaganda
both during and after the war, more was probably lost than gained
by this innovation. For the rest, the German armies perfected their
defensive positions, usually on ground of their own choosing –
digging systems of trenches with deep and often comfortable dugouts, protected by barbed-wire entanglements and defended not
only by pre-registered artillery but by machine guns, which now
came into their own in the kind of defensive warfare that no
European army had expected to have to fight.
These defences the Allied armies felt compelled to attack. For one
thing, they lay deep inside French territory, and for the French at
least it was unthinkable that they should remain there
unchallenged. For another, the disasters on the Eastern Front made
continuing pressure in the west appear essential if the Russians
were to be kept in the war at all. Strategic direction was still largely
in the hands of the French, with the British very much as junior
partners. There was still heavy pressure within the British Cabinet
in favour of limiting the British contribution on the Western Front
and seeking a more traditional maritime strategy – a view to which
Kitchener himself was strongly sympathetic. Even the most
enthusiastic ‘westerners’, as they came to be called, would have
preferred to delay any offensive until 1916, when they hoped that
their new armies would be properly trained and equipped. But the
52

failure of the Dardanelles campaign, the pressure of their allies, and
above all the weight of a public opinion anxious to come to grips
with the Germans, meant that by the end of 1915 the British were
irrevocably committed to a ‘western’ strategy, and looked forward to
its consummation the following year.

53

1915: The War Continues

So throughout 1915, in a succession of attacks of increasing
intensity, the French and British armies learned the techniques of
the new kind of war at very heavy cost. Their early attacks in
March were easily repulsed. It became obvious that the key to a
successful assault lay in sufficient artillery support, but the Allied
armies did not as yet have either enough guns of the right calibre
or the industry capable of manufacturing them, while the guns
they did possess did not have the right kind of ammunition.
Before 1914 artillery shells had consisted mainly of shrapnel,
whose airbursts were effective in mobile warfare. But what was
now needed was high explosive, heavy enough to flatten barbedwire defences, pulverize enemy infantry in their trenches, catch
enemy reserves as they moved up to support the defenders, and
neutralize enemy artillery by counter-battery fire. Further,
infantry attacks had to be carefully coordinated with artillery
barrages, which demanded not only first-rate staff work but
reliable communications; and the only communications available,
in the absence of mobile radio-sets, were runners, carrier pigeons,
and telephone lines that were usually the first casualties of an
enemy counter-barrage. Finally, even if an attack was initially
successful, it could seldom penetrate beyond the first line of the
German trench system, where it remained vulnerable to
bombardment and counter-attack from the flanks. Further
advance was then delayed by the need for artillery to re-register
its targets. At this stage of the war gunners had to fire ‘sighting
shots’ to ensure accuracy before opening a bombardment. This
took time and forfeited surprise. Later (as we shall see) they
developed techniques of ‘pre-registration’ that made this
unnecessary. Finally the difficulty of communication between the
attacking forces and the reserves needed to complete the

breakthrough made command and control on the battlefield
almost impossible.

The First World War

For the British the problem was complicated by the fact that their
forces consisted of almost untrained volunteers commanded by
officers often promoted far beyond their level of competence; but it
must be said that the French, trained as they were for a completely
different kind of warfare, did little better. Nevertheless by
September the desperate state of the Russians demanded a major
effort in the West. The Allies therefore launched a major joint
offensive that Joffre promised would ‘compel the Germans to retire
to the Meuse and probably end the war’. The British sector centred
on the mining region of Loos. The attack was launched with

6. Marshal Joffre with his British junior partners, Field Marshal Sir
John French and General Sir Douglas Haig
54

massive artillery support, which now included heavy as well as field
guns, and gas was for the first time turned against its inventors. The
British indeed actually breached the German front line to a width of
five miles and a depth of two. But the Germans had also learned
lessons, and constructed an entire second defensive position in rear
of the first. On the British side faulty staff work, confusion of
command, and the sheer friction of war meant that no reserves were
on hand to exploit the breach. The operation dragged on for
another month, by the end of which both sides had lost some
200,000 men.

55

1915: The War Continues

None the less the Allies reckoned that they had now found the
formula for victory: more guns, longer preliminary barrages, better
communications, and better staff work. All this they hoped to put
into effect in 1916 in a great joint offensive from east and west
planned by the Allied High Command at the French Headquarters
at Chantilly in November. Joffre remained securely in the saddle as
commander-in-chief of the most powerful allied army in the west,
but Britain was becoming an increasingly important partner, as the
size of the British Expeditionary Force swelled from its original six
to fifty-six divisions, in six armies. It was widely, and rightly,
assumed that its commander, Sir John French, was no longer up to
the job, and his performance at Loos had proved it. He was replaced
by the dour, inarticulate, and iron-willed Sir Douglas Haig; and
preparations began for the Battle of the Somme.

Chapter 5
1916: The War of Attrition

The Home Front
By the end of 1915 the war that had generally been expected to be
over within six months had lasted for nearly a year and a half, and
no one any longer expected a rapid conclusion. What had made it
possible for it to last so long?
There is one simple answer: the continuing support of all the
belligerent peoples, who not only endured the huge military
losses but accepted without complaint the increasing controls and
hardships demanded by the conduct of the war. Everywhere
governments assumed powers over the lives of their citizens to a
degree that was not only unprecedented but had previously been
unimaginable. Where governments did not take control, volunteer
organizations did. The expected financial collapse at the outbreak
of war did not occur. Insurance rates were pegged, government
loans were oversubscribed, printed currency replaced gold, labour
shortage produced soaring wages, and government contracts
created unprecedented prosperity for some sections of the
business classes. Agrarian producers suffered severely from
shortage of labour, but the demand for their produce was greater
than ever. Indeed, after a year of war many sections of the
population in all belligerent countries were better off than they
had ever been before. But by the end of 1915 the mutual blockade
was beginning to bite. Exports declined; prices rose; the inflation
56

resulting from the growing flood of paper money hit the salaried
classes; imported raw materials for industry dwindled or
disappeared. The combined pressures of the blockade and the
demands of the armed forces resulted in growing shortages of
food, fuel, and transport; and during 1916 the civilian population
began seriously to suffer.

The German, or rather the Prussian, bureaucracy had, like the
Prussian army, always been regarded as a model of its kind. It had
played little part in preparing for the war: mobilization and
everything connected with it were in the hands of the military
authorities. There was a good ‘war chest’ in the Reichsbank, but that
was as far as civilian war preparations went. In spite of German
vulnerability to blockade, nothing had been done to stockpile
imported raw materials essential to war production. It was only on
the initiative of the civilian Walther Rathenau, creator of the huge
electrical combine AEG, that the War Office set up a War Materials
Department, initially under his leadership, to control and distribute
essential stocks. At the same time the shipping magnate Albert
Ballin took the lead in creating a Central Purchasing Organization
to rationalize the acquisition of essential imports. Both these
organizations were largely run by the businessmen whose activities
they controlled. The German chemical industry, the finest in
57

1916: The War of Attrition

It was the well-organized and cohesive societies of Western
Europe – Germany, France, and Britain – that coped best. Indeed,
war only made them better organized and more cohesive. The class
struggle between capital and labour that had everywhere
dominated politics during the first decade of the century was
suspended. Labour leaders were given positions of administrative
and political responsibility. Labour shortage gave them new
bargaining power. Bureaucracies, reinforced by experts from
universities and businessmen, took control of more and more
aspects of national life, and in many cases were never to lose it. By
the end of the war every belligerent European state, even libertarian
England, had become a command economy – Germany most of all.

The First World War

Europe, again took the initiative in developing substitutes (ersatz)
for unavailable raw materials – wood pulp for textiles, synthetic
rubber and nitrates for fertilizer, and explosives synthesized from
the atmosphere. Even so, by the end of 1915 both food and clothing
were becoming scarce. Rationing and price controls were
introduced and generally accepted as fair; but in spite of the
victories of their armies, the German people were becoming shabby,
anxious, and, in the cities, increasingly hungry.
The British were no better prepared for a prolonged war, but the
government had been ready with the initial military and political
measures. A ‘War Book’ had already been prepared giving control
over ports, railways, shipping, and insurance rates, and a Defence of
the Realm Act was rushed through a unanimous parliament giving
the government virtually plenary powers. The government itself,
liberal and pacific under the relaxed leadership of Herbert Asquith,
initially left the conduct of the war in the hands of Kitchener. Like
so many of Britain’s military leaders, Kitchener had spent most of
his career overseas and was quite out of his depth in the job, but,
unlike most of his contemporaries, he realized that the war would
be a long one and would need a large army as well as a large navy to
fight it. He planned to expand the existing six divisions of the
Expeditionary Force to seventy, and appealed for volunteers to fill
the ranks. The response was immediate. By the end of 1914 a
million men had joined up, far more than could be armed and
equipped. But these were less than a quarter of what would
ultimately be needed, and by the summer of 1915 the supply of
volunteers was drying up. Conscription was anathema to the
Liberal government, and a series of half-measures was attempted,
until in May 1916 it very reluctantly introduced compulsory military
service for all men between 18 and 41.
The place in the workforce of those who joined up was partly filled
by women. Women had already been organizing themselves before
the war in the ‘Suffragette’ movement to demand the vote, and the
leaders of that movement now swung their influence behind the
58

war effort. Women rapidly became indispensable, not only in the
nursing and welfare services but in offices and factories and
agriculture, changing the whole balance of society in the process. By
1918 that change was reflected in a new Representation of the
People Act, by which the vote was extended from seven million to
twenty-one million people, including women over the age of 30.
Almost as a by-product of the war, Britain became something
approaching a full democracy.
Volunteers and reservists might fill up the ranks of the armed
forces, but providing enough weapons and ammunition to arm
them was a very different matter. By the end of 1914 practically all
the belligerent armies had exhausted their stocks of ammunition,
and it was becoming clear that not only men but industry would
have to be mobilized for the war effort. In Germany this was done
under the auspices of the military, in Britain by the civilians. There
59

1916: The War of Attrition

7. Women workers in a munitions factory

The First World War

the initiative was taken by the most dynamic member of the
government, David Lloyd George, who over Kitchener’s protests
created first a Committee and then in May 1915 a Ministry of
Munitions, which combined industry, labour, and civil servants
under government control with plenary powers over every aspect of
munitions supply. In 1917 further such ministries were created,
notably of Food and Shipping, largely staffed by experts from the
industries themselves, to handle the problems of rationing that
arose from the increasing pressure of blockade. In consequence,
although by 1918 much of the population was undernourished, the
British never approached the levels of hunger and deprivation that
their enemies were to suffer by the end of the war.
France had lost 40 per cent of her coal deposits and 90 per cent of
her iron ores to German occupation; but she was still a largely
agrarian country, and, although her political leadership was
notoriously volatile, her administration was in the hands of the
formidably efficient bureaucracy created by Napoleon. More
important, she retained access to the resources of the western
hemisphere, so her excellent armaments industry did not suffer.
Her government, like that of Britain a broad-based coalition of
centre and left, initially left the conduct of the war to General Joffre,
the hero of the Marne. By the end of 1915 the French army had
suffered such terrible losses, and produced so little in the way of
results, that doubts were growing about Joffre’s competence – doubts
that were to be confirmed by his failure to foresee the German
offensive against Verdun the following spring. But there was as yet
no inclination to make peace. Traditional patriotism of the right,
embodied in the president, Raymond Poincaré, united with the
bitter Jacobinism of his harshest critic Georges Clemenceau in
determination to win the war and destroy Germany’s power ever
to begin another.
Very different was the situation in the Russian Empire. In spite of
her huge manpower and the rapid industrialization of her economy,
Russia suffered from two major and ultimately lethal drawbacks:
60

geographical isolation and administrative inefficiency. The first
crippled her economy, the second made her incapable of mending
it. When war began, essential imports dried up and her export
trade – largely grain from southern Russia, blockaded at the
Dardanelles – declined by 70 per cent. Domestic production could
not fill the gap, although native entrepreneurs made huge profits.
The Russian armies, like all the others, rapidly ran out of
ammunition – and not only ammunition but guns and even small
arms. In the huge battles of 1914–15 Russian infantrymen had to
attack unprotected by artillery barrages and often lacking even
rifles. Unsurprisingly, by the end of 1915 the Russian army had lost
about four million men.

The result was tragic. By the beginning of 1916 the efforts of the
Zemstva were showing results. There was now an abundance of
guns and ammunition, while the High Command had been shaken
up and was reaching a new level of competence that was to be
revealed by General Brusilov’s spectacular success the following
summer. But domestically everything was collapsing. The transport
61

1916: The War of Attrition

The inability of the slothfully incompetent Russian bureaucracy to
remedy the situation led to public outcry and the creation of
unofficial councils, Zemstva, first to deal with welfare (including the
huge influx of refugees from the war zone) but then with every
aspect of war administration – food, fuel, transport, and even
military affairs. But, whereas in Western Europe such voluntary
agencies were welcomed and used by the government, in Russia
their activities were deeply resented – both by the professional
bureaucrats themselves, including those in the armed forces, and by
the aristocratic clique that dominated the court, led by the Czarina
and her sinister adviser the monk Rasputin, who opposed the war
anyway. In August 1915 this clique persuaded the Czar to dismiss
his uncle Nicolas from command of the armies and take titular
command himself. In his absence at headquarters the Czarina was
able to take charge of the government and block any further
attempts at reform.

The First World War

system was overwhelmed by the increase in traffic, which led to a
breakdown in the supply of fuel and, more important, food for the
cities. The winter of 1915–16 saw severe shortage of both in all
Russian cities, especially the capital Petrograd (as St Petersburg had
been patriotically renamed in 1914). In 1916 the situation was to
grow rapidly worse, with growing strikes in the towns and
widespread evasion of military service in the countryside. By the
end of the year Russia had become ungovernable.
The only consolation for the Allies was that the situation in AustriaHungary was little better. The Monarchy’s only advantage – and it
was not always seen as such – was that the Germans could bring
direct help. Had this not been so, the Austrians might well have
collapsed even sooner than the Russians. The national – or, rather,
multinational – solidarity with which the war was greeted did not
last. By the spring of 1915, after Conrad’s disastrous winter
campaign, the Austrian army had lost, as we have seen, over two
million men, including the bulk of the professional cadres that had
held together a force speaking a dozen native languages. Only
increasing infusions of German ‘advisers’ and staff officers kept it
going at all. In domestic affairs the Hungarians increasingly went
their own way and, being self-supporting in foodstuffs, suffered
little from the prolongation of the war. The Austrians had no such
advantage. For food they became dependent on the Hungarians,
who were reluctant to provide it. The Austrian economy suffered as
much as did the German from the effects of the Allied blockade, but
the genially incompetent bureaucracy, fearful of imposing any
strain on the doubtful loyalty of its population, barely attempted to
plan a siege economy or to administer a rationing system. Vienna
began to starve even earlier than Petrograd.

The Verdun Campaign
By the end of 1915 the German armies had been everywhere
victorious, but their victories had brought the end of the war no
nearer. The patience of the civilians supporting them was beginning
62

For the solution, Falkenhayn turned to the method that he had
already used so successfully in the east: attrition. France should be
quite literally bled to death, through the destruction of her armies.
The French should be compelled to attack in order to regain
territory that they could not afford to lose, and the territory in
question would be the fortress of Verdun. Verdun had no strategic
importance in itself, but it lay at the apex of a vulnerable salient and
was a historic site associated with all the great military glories of
France. Falkenhayn reckoned that Joffre could not afford not to
defend it, or fail to regain it if it were lost. The German armies
would inevitably suffer losses in their own attack, but these, he
believed, would be minimized by effective use of the techniques
used so successfully at Gorlice-Tarnow: surprise, good staff work,
and above all massive artillery superiority. So on 21 February 1916,
63

1916: The War of Attrition

to wear thin. A substantial fronde at home, led within the army
by Hindenburg and Ludendorff but supported also by Chancellor
Bethmann Hollweg, was calling for Falkenhayn’s removal.
Falkenhayn still retained the confidence of a Kaiser who resented
this attempt to usurp his authority, and did not waver in his
belief that victory could be won only in the west. With good
reason he calculated that his main adversary was no longer a
France now nearing exhaustion, but Britain. Britain’s armies were
still fresh and largely uncommitted, and her command of the seas
was not only maintaining the blockade on Germany but keeping
open communications with the United States, on whose supplies
the Allies were becoming increasingly dependent. To deal with
the latter Falkenhayn urged the waging of unrestrained
submarine warfare, which we shall consider in due course. On
land, however, he believed that Britain’s principal weapon was
still not her own untried armies, but those of her ally France. If
France could be struck such a shattering blow that she was
compelled to ask for terms, ‘England’s sword’, as Falkenhayn
put it, would be struck from her hand. But, given the tried and
tested power of the defensive on the Western Front, how could
this be done?

The First World War

after a nine-hour bombardment with nearly 1,000 guns, the attack
began.
Falkenhayn was right. Joffre had regarded Verdun as strategically
unimportant and done little to prepare its defence, but political
pressure made it impossible for him to abandon it. Under the
command of General Philippe Pétain, whose stubborn belief in the
power of the defensive had hitherto denied him promotion by his
offensively minded superiors, the French troops obeyed their
instructions to hang on to every yard of territory, and counterattack to regain any that was lost. Attrition cut both ways: the
French inflicted as many losses as they themselves suffered. Pétain
did his best to spare his troops by rotating them, but Falkenhayn
had to throw in his men with increasing desperation. It was guns
that dominated the battlefield: by the end of June, when the
German attacks finally ceased, the artillery of both sides had created
a nightmare landscape such as the world had never before seen. To
their horror was added that created by gas and flame-throwers in
hand-to-hand war. Between them both sides lost half a million men
and how many still lie buried in that charnel soil may never be
known. Verdun remained in French hands. For the French it was a
magnificent victory, but one that had almost shattered their army.
For the Germans it was their first undeniable setback, a heavy blow
to the morale of both army and people, and Falkenhayn paid the
price. In August he was relieved of his command, and the Kaiser
summoned Hindenburg, the faithful Ludendorff at his side, to take
his place as Chief of the General Staff.

The Battle of the Somme
By this time there had been a further development on the Western
Front. We have seen how at the Chantilly Conference the previous
November the Allied High Command had agreed that in 1916 they
would combine their forces, east and west, in a common offensive.
The western contribution would be an attack by the British and
French armies at their point of junction east of Amiens on the river
64

It did not work out like that. A large percentage of the shells fired,
hastily manufactured by unskilled labour, were duds. Those that did
explode failed to destroy defences dug deep into the chalk hillside,
from which machine-gunners emerged, when the barrage lifted, to
fire point-blank at the long lines of overloaded troops plodding
across the bare chalk slopes towards them. Once the battle had
begun, the careful co-operation between infantry and artillery on
which so much depended disintegrated in the fog of war. By the end
of the day 21,000 men were dead or missing.
Had the battle ended in spectacular success, these losses, which
were no worse than those suffered by the French and Russian
armies during the previous two years many times over, might have
been regarded as an acceptable price to pay. But there was no such
success. Instead they became, in the British group-memory, the
epitome of incompetent generalship and pointless sacrifice. The
attacks continued for a further four months. By then the Allied
armies had advanced about ten miles, the Somme battlefield had
been churned, like that of Verdun, into a featureless lunar
65

1916: The War of Attrition

Somme. Originally the forces contributed would have been about
equal, but when the attack opened in July their heavy commitment
at Verdun had reduced the French share to six first-line divisions as
against the British nineteen. The British did not complain. This was
the test for which their New Armies had been preparing for the
previous two years. Their preparations were as meticulous, farreaching, and clearly signalled as would be those for the landings in
Normandy twenty-eight years later. Their attack was preceded by a
week-long artillery bombardment in which a million and a half
shells were fired: ‘The wire has never been so well cut,’ wrote
General Haig on the eve of battle, ‘nor artillery preparations so
thorough’. So effective did he believe them to have been that many
of the 120,000 men who went ‘over the top’ on the morning of 1 July
were not equipped for an assault at all, but burdened with
equipment to fortify positions already conquered for them by the
artillery.

landscape, and the Allies had lost a total of 600,000 men. The size
of the German losses has been a matter of furious controversy, but
they were probably little less than those of the Allies, and the
sufferings of their troops under continuous artillery bombardment
had been no less terrible. Since the object of the attack had always
been unclear – Haig’s own expectations of a breakthrough had
never been shared by his subordinate commanders – the Allies
claimed a victory in terms of attrition. Indeed by the end of the year
they, like their German adversaries, could see no other way of
winning the war.

The First World War

Brusilov’s Offensive
Paradoxically it was the Russians, now almost written off by both
sides, whose contribution to the Allied offensive of 1916 was to be
one of the most successful of the entire war. In March they had
attacked in the northern part of the front towards Vilna, but, in
spite of having accumulated a superiority not only in men but in
guns and ammunition, they had been repulsed with a loss of
100,000 men. None the less they kept their promise to their allies
by launching, in June, an attack on the Galician front under General
Alexei Brusilov that tore a twenty-mile gap in the Austrian armies,
penetrated to a depth of sixty miles, and took half a million
prisoners. Brusilov’s success can be partly attributed to the low
morale of the Austrian forces and the abysmal quality of their High
Command, together with the apparently limitless courage of the
Russian troops themselves. But yet more important were the
thought and preparation that had gone into the operation: the
detailed planning, the close cooperation between infantry and
artillery, the immediate availability of reserves to exploit success,
and, above all, the measures taken to secure surprise. It was an
indication that armies were at last beginning to feel their way out of
the tactical deadlock.
For the Russians it was to be a Pyrrhic victory. Their armies suffered
nearly a million further casualties, and never recovered. Their
66

success nerved their neighbour Romania, the last of the Balkan
neutrals, to join the Allies, but the Rumanian army proved almost
laughably incompetent, and was to be rapidly defeated in an
autumn campaign by an Austro-German–Bulgarian offensive
under the command of no less a figure than Falkenhayn, who was
able to do something to retrieve his badly battered reputation.
Rumania was overrun, together with oil and grain resources that
the Central Powers were beginning so desperately to need. But it
still brought the prospect of victory no nearer. The question was
now being asked on both sides with increasing urgency: if there was
no prospect of victory, why not make peace?

1916: The War of Attrition

67

Chapter 6
The United States Enters
the War

Domestic Pressures at the Beginning of 1917
The original protagonists in the war, the Russian and Austrian
empires, were now more than ready for peace. The pressures on
their home fronts had become almost intolerable. Everywhere there
were shortages of food, fuel, and raw materials for industry – the
result not so much of Allied blockade as of the insatiable demands
on the economy of the military sector. Raging inflation drove
consumer goods onto a black market. The beneficiaries were
profiteers from war industries whose boldly-flaunted new wealth
intensified social tensions. Peasants could still hoard their stocks
and resort to a barter economy, so the worst sufferers were the
working and lower-middle classes in the cities, who had to queue
for hours, often in bitter cold, for such low-quality goods as were
available. Strikes and bread riots became endemic throughout
Central and Eastern Europe. Domestic hardships, combined with
the losses suffered by their armies, left little room for the patriotic
sentiment and dynastic loyalty that had sustained the Czarist and
Habsburg regimes over the previous two years, and by the end of
1916 it was clear that the two empires were engaged in a race for
disintegration. The death of the 86-year-old Emperor Franz-Joseph
in November was widely seen to presage the end of the Empire
itself. His successor, the young Emperor Karl, at once established
‘back channels’ with France to discuss peace terms. German
influence was still strong enough both to sustain Austria’s war
68

effort and to quash her search for peace; but Czar Nicholas II’s
western allies could do nothing to help him when, three months
later, bread riots in Petrograd spun out of control and brought
down his regime.

This was the mood also of Germany’s military leaders. Whereas in
France and Britain military setbacks had led to an assertion of
69

The United States Enters the War

Those western allies were not yet ready for peace. For one thing
efficient and largely uncorrupt bureaucracies could manage their
economies competently enough to avoid serious civilian hardship.
For another, command of the seas gave them access to the foodstuffs
and raw materials of the western hemisphere. The question of
payment for these was to store up huge problems for the future, but
for the moment credit was plentifully available. War weariness was
certainly growing in both France and Britain. In both countries
socialists whose pre-war international loyalties had been
temporarily overlaid by patriotic fervour were now beginning to
argue for a compromise peace, but they were still in a small
minority, and political discontent was directed rather at the conduct
of the war than at its continuance. In both countries, the increasing
mobilization of civilian resources was leading to growing civilian
participation in the management of the war itself. In France, the
sacrifices of Verdun were blamed on the misjudgements of Joffre,
who was replaced by a politically more acceptable general, Robert
Nivelle. In Britain Haig’s position remained unassailable in spite of
the losses of the Somme, but popular discontent found its target in
the somewhat lackadaisical administration of Herbert Asquith. In
December Asquith was replaced as Prime Minister by David Lloyd
George – a ‘man of the people’, one rightly credited with the
creation of the civil infrastructure that supported the war effort and
who had the charisma of a natural war leader. The general mood
both in France and in Britain at the end of 1916 was not so much in
favour of making peace – certainly not so long as the Germans
remained in Belgium and north-east France – as of making war
more efficiently.

The First World War

civilian leadership, in Germany military successes, especially on the
Eastern Front, had so enhanced the reputation of Hindenburg and
Ludendorff that, when they displaced Falkenhayn in command of
the army in August 1916, they virtually took control of the country
as well. But, although Falkenhayn had lost office, his ideas had
triumphed. The experience of Verdun and the Somme persuaded
his successors that the nature of the war had fundamentally
changed. It was no longer a conflict to be resolved on the battlefield
by superior military skill and morale, but one of endurance between
industrial societies in which control of armed forces melded
seamlessly into control of production and the allocation of available
resources. Civilians were as intrinsic a part of war-making as the
military, and so logically should be under military control. The High
Command therefore created a Supreme War Office, an
Oberstekriegsamt, to control both industry and labour, and passed
an Auxiliary Service Law, the Helfdienstgesetz, which made the
entire population liable for conscription. The military in fact
created a shadow bureaucracy, paralleling the civilian, and
competing with it in running the country. Soldiers became
bureaucrats. They also became politicians. Ludendorff’s staff
fomented a campaign for the triumphalist war aims first set out in
the September programme of 1914 – permanent control of Belgium
and northern France, together with widespread annexations of
territory in Poland and the OberOst.
By doing so they worsened the tensions that were now beginning to
pull German society apart. The Social Democrats, whose voting
strength lay among the urban working classes, were the strongest
party in the Reichstag, which still had the power to vote war credits.
In 1914 they had been persuaded to support what had been depicted
as a defensive war against Russian aggression. Now the Russians
had been soundly defeated. Working-class solidarity was disrupted
by the army’s intelligent policy of cooperation with the trade unions
and lavish wage increases in war-related industries, but agitation
was growing for a peace ‘without annexations or indemnities’, and
found growing support in cities where food shortages were already
70

8. Hindenburg and Ludendorff: masters of wartime Germany

producing bread riots. Failure of the potato crop in the autumn of
1916 forced the urban poor to subsist throughout the winter on a
diet largely of turnips. The terrible losses at Verdun and the
Somme – a million and a half men dead or wounded – had taken
their toll of German morale, both civil and military. However
successful the High Command might be in squeezing more
productivity out of the German economy, it was increasingly
doubtful whether the German people would support the war for
another year.

The First World War

Unrestricted Submarine Warfare
It was against this background that the German government took
its fatal decision to strike at the very root of its enemy’s industrial
strength by resorting to unrestricted submarine warfare. They
understood the risk they were running, that this would probably
bring the United States into the war, but calculated that by the time
American participation became effective the war would have been
won. It was, as a German statesman put it, Germany’s last card;
‘and if it is not trumps, we are lost for centuries’. He was not far
wrong.
In 1914 few navies had understood the potential of the submarine.
The range of the first petrol-driven models made them suitable only
for coastal defence, and even when, shortly before the war,
submarines were equipped with diesel-driven engines, they
remained basically ‘submersibles’ – highly vulnerable on the surface
and with a very limited submerged capacity. Their potential
lethality was demonstrated within weeks of the outbreak of war
when, as we have seen, a German submarine had sunk three unwary
British cruisers in the Channel. But warships were regarded as fair
game. Unarmed merchantmen were not. Over some three centuries
of trade warfare the maritime powers of Europe had evolved
elaborate rules for the treatment of merchant vessels on the high
seas in wartime. Belligerents had the right to stop and search them
for ‘contraband’, – that is, materials of war. If any was found, the
72

vessel had to be escorted to the nearest port, where a ‘prize court’
would adjudicate whether the cargo was contraband or not, and
confiscate it if it was. If for any reason this was not possible, the
vessel might be destroyed, but only after the passengers and crew
had been put in a place of safety. For a submarine, none of this was
possible. They had no space either for a spare crew to man captured
vessels or to accommodate their prisoners. If they surfaced to give
warning of attack, they were vulnerable to any armaments their
victim might be carrying, and to having their position instantly
revealed by his radio; but to sink the vessel without warning and
without saving her crew was, in the view of pre-war naval
strategists, ‘unthinkable’.

By 1916 the British blockade was achieving all that had been
expected of it. The Germans were able to make marginal evasions
through neighbouring neutral powers – Holland, Denmark, and
Scandinavia – and their scientists, as we have seen, had devised
home-produced substitutes for such essential imports as textiles,
rubber, sugar, and especially nitrates for explosives and artificial
73

The United States Enters the War

None the less, blockade had always been central to the conduct of
war between maritime powers, and the advent of industrialization
had made it more central than ever. In wars between agrarian
societies, blockade could destroy only trade and with it the wealth
that enabled states to carry on the war. Populations could still feed
themselves. But blockade of industrialized societies, especially ones
so highly urbanized as Britain and Germany, would not only
interrupt trade and so (it was believed) create financial chaos, but
destroy industries by depriving them of imported raw materials, to
say nothing of starving urban populations by depriving them of
imported foodstuffs. This was the nightmare that had haunted prewar British planners and publicists when they contemplated the
implications of losing ‘command of the sea’; and this was the
weapon by which the British Admiralty had hoped to achieve
victory over Germany without the need for any major military
commitment to the Continent.

The First World War

fertilizer. None the less, the pressure was becoming quite literally
lethal. Mortality among women and small children had increased
by 50 per cent and hunger-related diseases such as rickets, scurvy,
and tuberculosis were endemic. By the end of the war official
German estimates attributed 730,000 deaths directly to the
blockade. Probably this was an overestimate: many of the shortages
were in fact due to distortions of the economy resulting from the
enormous demands of the military. But government propaganda
could plausibly attribute all the hardships being suffered by the civil
population to British brutality. Why should the British not be made
to suffer in their turn?
To make them do so appeared not only possible but, in the eyes of
most Germans, entirely legitimate. The British had already
stretched if not broken international law when in November 1914
they had declared the whole of the North Sea a ‘war zone’ in which
neutral shipping could proceed only if licensed by the Royal Navy.
The Germans retaliated the following February by declaring all
approaches to the British Isles a war zone in which they would seek
to destroy all hostile merchant ships, ‘without being able to
guarantee the safety of the persons and goods they were carrying’.
Three months later the British further escalated the situation by
announcing their intention of seizing and confiscating any goods
they suspected of being destined for Germany, whatever their
ownership or alleged destination – thus effectively imposing a total
blockade of all trade with Germany irrespective of neutral rights
and legal definitions of contraband. This aroused huge protests in
the United States, which had gone to war with Britain 100 years
earlier over precisely this issue; but hardly had these got under way
when, on 6 May 1915, a German U-boat sank the British luxury
liner the Lusitania off the south coast of Ireland on a voyage from
New York. The vessel was certainly carrying contraband in the
shape of ammunition, and the German consulate in New York had
warned American citizens that they travelled on it at their own risk.
But nevertheless 128 of them did and most of them perished,
together with over 1,000 fellow-passengers.
74

The German Naval Staff set up an expert study group to consider
this question, which came up with some remarkable results. It
concluded that the British had available only some eight million
tons of shipping for all purposes. If the rate of sinking could be
increased to 600,000 tons a month and neutral shipping were
scared off, within six months Britain would run out of such essential
foodstuffs as grain and meat; her coal production would be hit by
lack of Scandinavian timber for pit props, which would reduce her
production of iron and steel, and that in its turn would reduce her
capacity to replace the lost shipping. British surrender within six
months was thus statistically certain, whether or not the United
States came into the war.
75

The United States Enters the War

The shock to world opinion was comparable to the sinking of the
Titanic three years earlier, and was exploited to the hilt by British
propaganda as yet another example of German ‘frightfulness’. It
was now clear that, in the battle for American public opinion,
Germany was at a major disadvantage: whereas the British
blockade cost the Americans only money, the German cost them
lives. After another passenger ship, the Arabic, was sunk the
following August, even though only two US lives were lost,
American protests became so violent that the German navy
forbade their U-boat commanders to sink at sight, and withdrew
them from the Atlantic and the Channel altogether. This meant
that German U-boat commanders now had to operate according
to the laws of ‘cruiser warfare’, which involved surfacing to
identify and halt suspected vessels (which were often armed, and
might even be British warships disguised as unarmed neutrals)
and ensuring that passengers and crew were safely in their
lifeboats before sinking their ship, thus giving time for their
victims to radio their position and that of their attackers. Even
so, the losses they inflicted were serious. By the end of 1915
they had sunk 885,471 tons of Allied shipping; by the end of
1916, a further 1.23 million tons. The Royal Navy seemed
powerless to stop them. What might they not do if their hands
were untied?

The First World War

Even for many in Germany who were not privy to these calculations
the case for unrestricted submarine warfare now seemed
overwhelming, and a public debate was waged over the question
throughout the latter half of 1916. On the one side were the navy,
the High Command, and the political forces of the right. On the
other were the Foreign Office, Chancellor von Bethmann Hollweg,
and the Social Democrats in the Reichstag. Bethmann Hollweg
did not trust the statistics. He was convinced that unrestricted
submarine warfare would bring the United States into the war,
and that this would guarantee Germany’s defeat. But he could
see no alternative except making peace; and the only peace
terms the High Command was prepared to contemplate were
ones that the Allies would certainly not accept.

The Failure of Peace Efforts
The President of the United States, Woodrow Wilson, had been
urging the belligerents to make peace since the beginning of the
war. American public opinion tended to favour the Allies on
ideological grounds, strengthened by social links between the
‘Wasp’ (White Anglo-Saxon Protestant) ascendancy of the east coast
and the British ruling classes. There was strong pressure led by exPresident Theodore Roosevelt for immediate intervention on the
side of the democracies. Sympathy for the Central Powers was
slight, and the image of Germany as a militaristic monster projected
by her behaviour in Belgium, her use of poison gas, and her ruthless
conduct of the war at sea, all powerfully magnified by Allied
propaganda, did nothing to increase it. But the British were not
generally popular either. In addition to the substantial Irish vote in
the cities of the east and the ethnic German communities further
west, there were many who regarded Britain not as a natural ally
but as the traditional enemy against whom the United States had
already fought two major wars and might have to fight another if
she were to establish her rightful place as a World Power. Still, the
overwhelming majority of Americans favoured keeping out of a war
that was none of their business. Yet as the war went on an
76

increasing amount of that business consisted in supplying war
material to the Allies – not necessarily out of ideological sympathy,
but because they could not get it to the Germans. If that trade were
interrupted, then the war would become their business, whether
they liked it or not.
Until the end of 1916 President Woodrow Wilson’s primary concern
had been to keep the United States out of the war. But the longer
the war went on, the more difficult this became. His problem was
less to persuade the hard-pressed Allies to make peace: that could
always be done by cutting off their credits and supplies, which
Wilson showed himself quite ready if necessary to do. It was how to
persuade the victorious Germans, who were not getting American
supplies anyway. Throughout 1915 and 1916 Wilson’s personal
emissary, the Anglophile Colonel House, had been exploring
possibilities of a settlement, but the German armies were still too
successful, and the Allies too hopeful of eventual military success,
for either side to consider it.
77

The United States Enters the War

9. President Wilson: Prophet of Peace

The First World War

By the end of 1916 the situation was changing. In November Wilson
was elected President for a second term, and, although both his
personal inclination and his government’s official policy were still to
keep America out of the war, his hand had been strengthened
against the isolationists. In Europe the pressure for peace was
becoming too strong for any belligerent government to ignore. Even
Ludendorff had to take account of the plight of his Austrian ally and
the growing demand within the Reichstag for a peace ‘without
annexations or indemnities’. Shortly after his re-election Wilson
invited the belligerents to state their peace terms. The Allies were
happy to do so, knowing that these would command American
sympathy. They involved, first and foremost, the restoration of
Belgian and Serb independence with full indemnity for the damage
done by their occupiers. In addition, they required ‘the restitution of
provinces or territories wrested in the past from the Allies by force’;
Alsace-Lorraine, obviously, but perhaps other territories as well.
Italians, Slavs, Rumanians, Czechs, and Slovaks were to be liberated
from foreign domination (the fact that Italy had been promised
extensive Slav territories by the Treaty of London was left unstated).
Poland was to be granted independence – a concession that the
Czar, under intense Allied pressure, had already accepted for the
Polish territories under his control. Finally, the Ottoman Empire
was to be dismembered, though on what lines was left unspecified.
The terms sought by the German High Command, on the other
hand, were so extreme that Bethmann Hollweg dared not make
them public for fear of their effect, not simply on the Americans but
on the Reichstag. He confidentially communicated to Wilson a
watered-down version, explaining that these were the best that he
could make acceptable to his colleagues. Belgium would not be
annexed outright, but her independence would depend on political,
economic, and military guarantees that would make her virtually a
German protectorate. Not only would Alsace and Lorraine remain
in German hands, but France should also surrender the
neighbouring ore-bearing land around Briey. In the east, German
protectorates would be established over Poland and the Baltic
78

provinces that would ensure their continuing Germanization.
Austrian dominance should be restored in the Balkans, and colonial
territories yielded in Africa. Had the Germans won the war, these
were probably the best terms that the Allies could have expected.
The same would have been true of the Allied terms for a defeated
Germany. But neither side was yet defeated. In spite of war
weariness, their governments were prepared to fight on rather than
make peace on the only terms available.

Wilson immediately broke off relations with Germany. He did not
yet declare war. ‘Armed neutrality’, whereby the United States
would arm and protect its own shipping, still seemed a possible
alternative. But the German government assumed that war was
now inevitable. On that assumption the German Foreign Minister,
Arthur Zimmerman, had already on 16 January cabled the Mexican
government, which was in a condition of intermittent hostilities
with the United States, proposing an alliance in which they should
‘make war together, make peace together, with generous financial
support and an understanding on our part that Mexico is to
reconquer the lost territories in Texas, New Mexico and Arizona’.
The British had intercepted and decoded this remarkable document
as soon as it was sent, but they did not reveal its contents to Wilson
until 24 February. Natural suspicions that it might be a British
forgery were laid at rest by Zimmerman himself, who frankly
acknowledged its authorship.
79

The United States Enters the War

To pacify the Reichstag, the German government issued a ‘Peace
Note’ on 12 December. While declaring a general readiness for
peace, this stated no specific war aims, and its bellicose tone
made it easy for the Allies to reject it out of hand. This rejection
gave the High Command the excuse it needed. The decision was
taken on 9 January, but it was not until 31 January that the
German Ambassador in Washington informed the American
government that unrestricted submarine warfare on all vessels
approaching the British Isles would commence the following
day.

The First World War

The reaction in the United States, especially in the hitherto
isolationist west, was cataclysmic. It took only a few more sinkings
to convince Wilson himself that he had no alternative but to invite
Congress to declare war. This he did on 5 April 1917. There was now
no talk, as Wilson had suggested a few months earlier, of ‘Peace
without Victory’. This war would be, in his words, a crusade ‘for
democracy, for the right of those who submit to authority to have a
voice in their own governments, for the rights and liberties of small
nations, for a universal dominion of right by such a concert of free
peoples as shall bring peace and safety to all nations and make the
world itself free.’ Admirable as these intentions were, they were very
different from those with which the peoples of Europe had gone to
war three years earlier.

80

Chapter 7
1917: The Year of Crisis

Tactical Developments on the Western Front
It still remained an open question whether the United States’ entry
into the war could save the Allies from defeat. As 1917 wore on, this
seemed increasingly doubtful.
Ludendorff did not intend to waste any more German lives. He now
planned to stand on the defensive in the west until the U-boat
offensive had achieved its expected results. A tour of the Somme
battlefields had appalled him. Falkenhayn’s policy had been to hold
every inch of ground regardless of cost. As a result, the sufferings of
the German troops at Verdun and on the Somme had been at least
comparable with those of their attackers. Given that the German
front lay deep inside French territory, some elasticity in defence
seemed quite justifiable. Ludendorff therefore ordered a general
withdrawal from the projecting salient between Arras and Soissons,
abandoning all the Somme battlefields that had been so bitterly
defended, to a shorter and well-fortified ‘Hindenburg line’ (the
British title) some twenty-five miles in the rear. In the course of this
withdrawal German troops trashed or burned all habitations,
slaughtered the cattle, and poisoned the wells – activities
commonplace enough on the Eastern Front, but only confirming
the barbaric image that Germany now presented to the west.
The new defences were laid out on new principles. No longer were
81

The First World War

troops crammed into front-line trenches to provide easy targets for
enemy artillery. Trench lines were replaced by defended zones,
based on widely separated machine-gun emplacements in concrete
‘pillboxes’ defended by barbed wire and covered by pre-ranged
artillery. The bulk of the infantry was kept back out of range of the
enemy guns, ready to counter-attack. Behind these forward zones
lay others in sufficient depth to make any breakthrough almost
impossible. Not only would such positions require fewer troops to
defend them, but enemy artillery fire would fall largely on open
ground and only add further obstacles to infantry attack.
The offensive riposte to such defences had already been explored on
the Eastern Front the previous year with Brusilov’s offensive: brief
but intense artillery barrages in great depth on selected targets,
followed by infantry attacks with reserves held well forward to
penetrate between enemy strong points and cause confusion in rear
areas. The French had also been thinking along similar lines. Their
new commander-in-chief, Robert Nivelle, had had some success
with them at Verdun, and was anxious to try them out on a larger
scale. But what had worked against an Austro-Hungarian army
already on the brink of dissolution would not necessarily work
against the Germans, and the British were a great deal more
cautious. They had themselves been developing caterpillar-tracked
armoured vehicles, ‘tanks’, and had experimented with a few on the
Somme; but the early models were so clumsy and mechanically
defective that only their most enthusiastic protagonists expected
that they could do more than help the infantry break into the enemy
first line of defence. British tactical doctrine had been developing
along different lines. For the British the ‘queen of the battlefield’
was now the artillery. By 1917 they possessed guns and ammunition
that were both reliable and available in sufficient quantities.
Improvements in observation, whether from aircraft or by sound
ranging or flash sightings, now made possible almost pinpoint
accuracy in counter-battery fire. Improvements in mapping, air
photography, and meteorological analysis now enabled gunners to
target objectives from map references without losing surprise by
82

firing sighting shots. Instantaneous fuses and gas or smoke shells
made possible heavy and lethal barrages that did not make ground
impassable to assaulting infantry. Finally, British gunners had
perfected the ‘creeping barrage’ – an advancing line of gunfire
behind whose cover the infantry could assault to within yards of the
enemy positions.

The Allied Offensives in Spring 1917
Using such techniques as these, the Allied High Command hoped
that their offensives of 1917 would not repeat the disasters of the
previous year. But the losses suffered at Verdun and on the Somme
had eroded the confidence that the French and British governments
had hitherto placed in their military leaders. Joffre, as we have
seen, had been replaced by Nivelle. Lloyd George did not quite dare
do the same with Haig, but in a devious intrigue he subordinated
83

1917: The Year of Crisis

The trouble was that all this demanded the most exact timing and
elaborate staff work. The infantry themselves were adjusting to
meet the requirements of trench warfare, with light machine guns,
hand grenades, and trench mortars supplementing if not replacing
rifles as their staple armaments; but their action was still confined
within a rigid framework determined by the needs and timetables
of gunners with whom communications were still primitive; and,
once the battle began, those communications still fell apart.
Further, once the initial objectives had been attained, the guns had
to be re-ranged, if not physically moved forward, to engage further
targets. As a result, the British High Command had developed a
technique that became known as ‘bite and hold’: carefully prepared
attacks against limited objectives, which were then fortified and
held while preparations were made for the next phase of attack.
Within its limits this technique was very successful; but not only
was it of little value in achieving the ‘breakthrough’ of which Haig
himself still dreamed, but it discouraged the kind of initiative at
lower levels of command that was now commonplace within the
German army.

The First World War

him to French command – a manœuvre from which relations
between British military and civilian leadership never recovered.
Nivelle’s own optimism was not shared by his fellow-generals. His
political support was undermined by the overthrow of the French
Premier Aristide Briand, whose successors had little confidence in
Nivelle’s military plans. When on 16 April Nivelle launched his
much-heralded offensive across the Aisne against the wooded
heights of the Chemin des Dames, it was under the worst possible
auspices. The Germans had received ample advance warning;
French plans had been disrupted by the German withdrawal to
the Hindenburg line; and the weather was terrible. Instead of the
promised breakthrough, there was a painful advance of a few
miles that had to be called off after ten days, by which time the
French had suffered over 130,000 casualties. Nivelle was replaced
by Pétain, the hero of Verdun, but by now the French army had
had enough. It collapsed, not so much into mutiny as into the
equivalent of a civil strike, whole units refusing to obey orders
and return to the front. Pétain gradually nursed it back to health
with a minimum of severity, largely by improving its conditions
and refraining from any major offensive actions, but the French
army on the Western Front could make little further contribution
for the remainder of the year.
The British did better – at least to begin with. A week before the
opening of the French offensive across the Aisne they had
attacked further east, at Arras. The first phase of the operation
succeeded brilliantly, with Canadian troops seizing the
dominating Vimy Ridge. Haig again hoped for a breakthrough,
but the new German defences baffled him. The British offensive
once more gradually slowed down until it was broken off at the
end of May with a loss of a further 130,000 men. But there could
be no question in Haig’s mind of suspending his attacks. By this
time not only the French, but also the Russians, were hors de
combat; no effective help would be forthcoming from the United
States for another year; and, worst of all, the German submarine
campaign seemed to be succeeding. As a wag put it at the time,
84

‘The question is, whether the British Army can win the war
before the Navy loses it.’

Sea and Air Warfare
At first unrestricted submarine warfare seemed likely to achieve
all the results the German navy had promised. Their target
had been to sink 600,000 tons of shipping a month, doubling
the previous rate. They reached it in March. In April they went
on to sink 869,000 tons. There they peaked. Sinkings hovered
around the 600,000 ton mark all summer, were down to
500,000 tons in August, and by the end of the year had fallen to
300,000 tons. Why?

None of this, however, was apparent in the summer of 1917, when
the population of London was subjected to yet another ordeal:
daylight bombing from the air.
The importance of air power had not been underestimated by any of
the belligerents before 1914. For ten years previously imaginative
85

1917: The Year of Crisis

The most obvious reason was the introduction of convoys, a system
that the Admiralty had declared impracticable since, among other
reasons, it believed that it did not have enough destroyers to escort
the amount of shipping involved. Since it included all coast-wise
shipping in its calculations, it was proved badly wrong, and when, at
the insistence of Lloyd George, convoys were introduced at the
beginning of April, their success was immediate. Once the
Americans began to make their weight felt, they were able not only
to reinforce convoy protection but to build merchant vessels faster
than submarines could sink them. The Germans had also
miscalculated the cargo space available to the Allies, the degree of
British dependence on grain imports, and above all the British
capacity for counter- measures in the form of commerce control and
commodity allocation through rationing. The British government
indeed operated a siege economy so successfully that by the end of
1917 its grain reserves had actually doubled.

The First World War

fiction had depicted the horrors of air bombardment of cities by
aircraft that had yet to be invented, but the military themselves
were more concerned with the effect of aircraft on surface warfare –
in particular their capacity to carry out the reconnaissance
operations that could no longer be undertaken by cavalry. But, since
such reconnaissance was possible only if uninterrupted by enemy
aircraft, the main function of the air arm rapidly became to
establish command of the air over the battlefield, whether by direct
air combat or by destruction of enemy airfields. In single combat
between air aces above the mud of the trenches, the traditional
romance of war enjoyed a very brief revival.
‘Strategic bombardment’, attack on the civil resources of the
enemy, was slower to develop. German dirigible balloons, named
after their chief sponsor the Graf von Zeppelin, had attacked
Antwerp in August 1914 (British aircraft responded against
Zeppelin sheds in Düsseldorf in October) and began night raids
on the United Kingdom the following January. But their
navigation was too inaccurate and their destructive power too
slight for these raids to be more than a dramatic nuisance; one,
however, that provided propagandists with further evidence of
German ‘frightfulness’. By 1917 more reliable long-range aircraft
had been developed, and that summer German Gotha bombers
carried out daylight raids on London. The physical damage and
casualties were slight but the moral effect was enormous. Against
the advice of the military, who needed all the resources they
could get for the war in France, an Independent Air Force was
formed, based in eastern France, with the task of retaliating
against German territory. Since the only targets within range
were the towns of the upper Rhine the immediate impact of
these operations was negligible, but in the long run their
implications were far-reaching. On the very inadequate evidence
of their success the newly formed Royal Air Force was to build
a doctrine of strategic bombing that would dominate British and
later American strategic thinking for the rest of the twentieth
century.
86

The Collapse of the Eastern Front

These events were at first welcomed in the West, not least in the
United States. Czarist Russia had been an embarrassing ally in a
war fought to make the world safe for democracy, and the new
government under Alexander Kerensky declared its intention of
continuing the war for the defence of the Russian homeland. In July
Brusilov attempted to repeat his triumph of the previous year with a
major offensive on the Galician front, with some initial success.
Then the Germans counter-attacked in the north. The Russian
defences crumbled. Retreat became a rout, and the speed of the
German advance was determined only by their ability to keep up
with Russian troops now ‘voting with their feet’ and going home. In
September the Baltic fortress of Riga fell after a hurricane
bombardment devised by the innovative genius of a certain Colonel
Bruchmuller. Meanwhile in Petrograd a revolutionary leader,
Vladimir Ilyich Ulianov Lenin, whose views had been regarded as
too extreme by all but his closest colleagues and whose return from
exile in Switzerland had been sagaciously facilitated by the German
87

1917: The Year of Crisis

Meanwhile the Eastern Front was disintegrating. In January there
was still hope that the Russian army, now well supplied with guns
and ammunition, might still play its part in a joint spring offensive.
But in February its commanders confessed that morale was so low,
and desertion so general, that they could no longer rely on their
troops. The morale of the army only reflected that of the country as
a whole. Revolutionary agitation, common enough before the war
but anaesthetized when hostilities began, was now almost
unchecked. In March bread riots in Petrograd turned to revolution
when the police and army made common cause with the rioters.
The Czar was persuaded to abdicate. A regime of bourgeois
moderates took over the machinery of government, but an
alternative focus of power was established in the capital by a council
(Soviet) of soldiers and workers, which established a network of
alternative authority throughout the country and called for an
immediate peace.

High Command, had been voicing the demands of the huge
majority of his countrymen in three simple words: bread, land, and
peace. In November he precipitated a second coup d’état. This
created not a vacuum of power as had that in March, but a ruthless
dictatorship whose immediate aims commanded the support of the
Russian people even if its programme and ideology did not. Lenin
immediately asked the German High Command for an armistice,
and in December both sides met to discuss peace terms at BrestLitovsk.

The First World War

Passchendaele
Although disaster on so catastrophic a scale had not been foreseen
by the Western allies in the summer of 1917, they had no illusions
about the state of the Russian army. Indeed its weakness provided
one of the strongest arguments in favour of continuing pressure on
the Western Front, and against the policy, increasingly attractive to
the French High Command, of remaining on the defensive and
awaiting the arrival of the Americans in 1918. By then the Russians
might well be out of the war and the Germans able to concentrate
all their forces on breaking the Western allies. But the French were
no longer calling the shots, and their collapse left the British High
Command, for the first time, in a position to determine its own
operational strategy.
Sir Douglas Haig, with some reason, now saw the outcome of the
war as resting on his shoulders and the armies of the British Empire
under his command. He had little expectation that the Americans
would arrive in time, and in sufficient numbers, to prevent disaster.
In his view the only hope of victory was to continue the grinding
pressure on the German people through the attrition of their army.
This should now be done in Flanders over the old battlefields round
Ypres, where the British army could fight unencumbered by its
allies and where a substantial advance might capture the Belgian
ports used by the U-boats as their forward bases – an idea endorsed,
naturally enough, by the Royal Navy. Such an advance, Haig
88

believed, could be achieved by a series of limited attacks following
so fast on each other that the Germans would have no time to
recover. Lloyd George, dreading a repeat of the Somme holocaust,
was openly sceptical about the plans, but after his misjudgement
over the Nivelle affair he felt in no position to veto them. Indeed, a
preliminary attack launched against the Messines ridge south of
Ypres at the beginning of June, with limited objectives, total
surprise and massive artillery support (3.5 million shells were fired
and the German front line destroyed by 0.5 million kilograms of
high-explosive mines) proved one of the greatest tactical successes
of the war. But when the main attack opened at the end of July, it
ran into all the problems that had beset the campaign on the
Somme. The preliminary barrage (4.3 million shells) had forfeited
all surprise; its elaborate timetables were disrupted as usual by the
friction of war; enemy resistance was in greater depth and more
determined than had been expected; and heavy rain assisted the
guns of both sides to churn the battlefield into impassable mud.
89

1917: The Year of Crisis

10. The Western Front: the battlefield of Passchendaele

The First World War

None the less, Haig battled on, achieving limited successes at huge
cost, until at the beginning of November Canadian troops captured
the ridge of Passchendaele, after which the entire battle came to be
named. By that time the British had lost a further 240,000 men,
70,000 of them dead. German losses totalled about 200,000.
Haig’s critics look at the former figures; his defenders at the latter. If
we consider the effect of this pressure on the German people
themselves, it must be said that his defenders have a stronger case
than has generally been admitted. But the price was almost
unbearably heavy.
Haig’s critics were provided with further ammunition when, on
20 November, he launched a second attack, at Cambrai. Part of his
object was to try out on a large scale the new techniques that had
been developing within the British army of close cooperation
between the three arms of infantry, tanks, and artillery. Surprise
was complete; German defences were overrun to a depth of four
miles, and in England church bells were rung to celebrate the
victory. They were premature. Ten days later the Germans counterattacked and retook all the ground they had lost. As a result, Haig
lost his last vestige of credit with his political masters, and Lloyd
George took over the strategic conduct of the war.

Caporetto
The losses on the Somme in 1916 had left Lloyd George deeply
sceptical about the wisdom of continuing to attack on the Western
Front at all, and throughout 1917 he had been urging the High
Command to look elsewhere. Two theatres appeared more
promising: Italy and the Middle East.
The Italian front had been active throughout 1916. For the
Austrians, as we have seen, Italy was always the preferred adversary.
In May, much against the advice of his German allies, who saw no
strategic advantage in doing so, Conrad launched a major offensive
through the mountains of the Trentino. After an initial success it
90

For Lloyd George the Italian collapse was providential. Haig was
summarily ordered to send five divisions from the Western Front,
which effectively closed down his own offensive which, together
with six French divisions, restored stability in the Italian theatre.
More important, Lloyd George used the opportunity of an Allied
conference at Rapallo on 5 November to collaborate with the new
French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau (a man after his own
heart, one who had even less time for generals) in setting up an
Allied Supreme War Council, consisting of the Allied political
leaders with their military advisers, to lay down military policy, to
allot forces to the various theatres, and, most important, to organize
and allocate military supplies. Both Haig and Pétain intensely
resented this usurpation of their authority, but their power had
91

1917: The Year of Crisis

had slowed to a halt. Admittedly Conrad could claim a major
victory – the Italians lost about 286,000 men, 45,000 of them
prisoners of war – but its main strategic consequence had been to
reduce the resources available to the Austrians when Brusilov
attacked the following month. Meanwhile the main Italian armies
under General Luigi Cadorna had been assaulting the strong
Austrian defences forty miles further east on the Isonzo river. They
continued to do so until November in a prolonged battle of attrition
on the stony plateau of the Carso, north of Trieste, which was
renewed the following spring. By August 1917 Cadorna had lost over
200,000 men on this bloodiest of battlefields, and both the Italian
and the Austrian armies had reached breaking point. But
Ludendorff, having disposed of the Russians, could now spare
resources to help his ally, and sent seven divisions to reinforce the
Austrians on the Isonzo. Using all the artillery and infantry
techniques they had now perfected on the Eastern Front, the
Germans smashed through the Italian defences at Caporetto on
25 October, taking 30,000 prisoners. The entire Italian front
collapsed, and only re-formed two weeks later seventy miles to the
rear along the Piave, with the loss of 275,000 prisoners, 2,500 guns,
and vast quantities of stores. In addition, about half a million
Italian deserters had melted into the landscape.

been broken. Haig’s independence was still further enfeebled by the
replacement of his senior staff officers, and by the removal of his
greatest ally in Whitehall, the Chief of the Imperial General Staff Sir
William Robertson, in favour of Lloyd George’s own protégé,
General Sir Henry Wilson. In both France and Britain civilian
control of strategy was now complete.
Within a month of the creation of the Supreme War Council, Lloyd
George received even better news. On 11 December a British army
entered Jerusalem.

The First World War

The Middle East
The Turks had proved themselves a stalwart ally for the Central
Powers. Their armies consisted of tough if largely illiterate peasants,
whose lack of modern equipment was balanced by their own dogged
courage and the leadership of young, energetic officers advised and
reinforced by German experts. Their major front was the Caucasus,
where they had suffered severely – first through the repulse of their
unwise attack in the winter of 1914–15, then from a Russian
offensive under the skilful leadership of General Nikolai Yudenich
in the summer of 1916. It was in the course of that campaign that
the Turkish government implemented a programme of mass
deportations and massacres of the indigenous Armenian
population so savage as to verge on genocide.
Simultaneously British Empire troops had invaded Turkish
territory – not only from Egypt, but from the base they had
established in November 1914 at Basra, at the head of the Persian
Gulf, to secure the oil installations and to encourage local revolt.
From there in 1915 they had advanced up the Tigris and Euphrates
valleys, initially to safeguard their base but eventually in the hope of
seizing Baghdad. Administratively the expedition was a disaster, its
largely Indian units suffering huge casualties from sickness. It
became a military catastrophe in April 1916 when, after a siege
lasting nearly five months, a British force was compelled to
92

surrender at Kut-el-Amara, some eighty miles short of Baghdad. Of
the 10,000 prisoners taken, 4,000 died in captivity – a fate not
shared by their commander, Major-General Charles Townsend, who
enjoyed a level of hospitality at the hands of his captors that awoke
very unfavourable comment. A stronger expedition was then
mounted in December, which recaptured Kut and the following
March occupied Baghdad.

The following September – 1918 – Allenby was to complete the
conquest of Palestine by the sweeping victory of Megiddo – a battle
93

1917: The Year of Crisis

Egypt was a British place d’armes second only to the United
Kingdom in importance, defending as it did the line of imperial
communications through the Suez Canal. After the repulse at the
Dardanelles the garrison successfully defended the canal against a
wildly ambitious Turkish raid across the Sinai desert in July 1916.
The British then themselves advanced through the desert to the
border of Palestine – an achievement made possible only by the
kind of meticulous logistical planning that was to become the
hallmark of British military operations in both world wars. After
several attempts to break the Turkish lines at Gaza had failed in
March 1917, a new British commander was sent out in the person of
General Sir Edmund Allenby. Allenby had commanded an army on
the Western Front without conspicuous success, but he proved
himself a master of the kind of mobile warfare that was still feasible
in Palestine, using mounted units in a way impossible on the
Western Front together with aircraft working in close cooperation
with the ground forces. Allenby’s German opponent was none other
than Erich von Falkenhayn, now exiled by his enemies far from the
centre of power; but with all his skill Falkenhayn could do little with
forces now far inferior in numbers and equipment to the British. At
the end of October Allenby took the offensive, swept the Turks out
of Gaza, and pressed forward to Jerusalem to provide the British
people, as Lloyd George had requested, with a ‘Christmas present’ –
one that was all the more welcome after the four-month horror of
the Passchendaele campaign.

The First World War

in which, for the last time in Western military history, mounted
troops played a leading role. Pressing north, his troops had overrun
Syria by the end of October, and the Turks sued for an armistice. In
his advance up the coast Allenby’s land flank was protected, and
Turkish rail communications sabotaged, by friendly Arab forces
recruited and led by the young archaeologist Colonel T. E.
Lawrence. Lawrence’s exploits were a marginal part of a marginal
campaign, but they were to gain him a reputation that shone all the
more brightly against the dismal background of the Western Front.
Allenby’s victories were to establish a brief British hegemony in the
Middle East. Among other things they made it possible to
implement the promise made in November 1917 by the British
Foreign Secretary, Arthur Balfour, to establish ‘a National Home for
the Jewish People’ in Palestine. Unfortunately the promise was
made without consulting either the indigenous population or any of
the Arab potentates who had been promised the territory in return
for their military support. Nor had they been consulted about an
understanding reached in 1916 by British Foreign Office officials
with their French opposite numbers (‘the Sykes–Picot Agreement’)
to divide the region between their two spheres of influence. The
attempt to reconcile all these irreconcilable obligations was to keep
British officials busy, and the region in turmoil, until the Second
World War, and created agonizing problems that at the beginning of
the twenty-first century still remain unsolved.

94

Chapter 8
1918: The Year of Decision

Allied Fears in January 1918
Allenby’s victories were all very well, but at the end of 1917 the
prospects for the Allies still looked grim. On the credit side, the
submarine war had been won, and American supplies could cross
the Atlantic almost uninterrupted. But the Allies needed not only
supplies but, yet more urgently, men, and these the Americans were
slow to provide. When the United States had entered the war in
April, their army consisted of 6,000 officers and 100,000 men.
General John J. Pershing received orders to take the First US
Division to France, but even that unit existed only on paper. Plans
were made to expand the army to twenty-four divisions, about a
million men, by the summer of 1918, but it seemed doubtful
whether the Allies could survive so long. If they could, their worries
would be over. By 1919 their superiority in both men and materiel
would be enormous, and Allied staff officers began to plan a great
offensive for that year. But meanwhile the nightmare that had
haunted them for the past three years had come true. Russia had
been knocked out of the war, leaving Ludendorff free to concentrate
all his resources against the Western Front.
Russia’s defeat also had alarming implications for the British
Empire. Turkey no longer had to defend her Caucasian frontiers.
She had been driven out of the Arabian peninsula, but that only
left her free to expand eastwards and establish a Pan-Turanian
95

hegemony extending to the frontiers of India – a hegemony
stiffened by German military muscle and inspired by a jihad
that could undermine Britain’s already precarious hold on the
Indian subcontinent. It is not surprising that the American
military representative on the Allied Supreme War Council
should have written home in February 1918: ‘I doubt if I could
make anyone not present at the recent meeting . . . realize the
anxiety and fear that pervade the minds of political and military
men here’.

The First World War

German Fears in January 1918
But if the Allies were apprehensive, the Germans were desperate.
The Russians were certainly out of the war. At Brest-Litovsk their
representative Leon Trotsky had at first refused to accept terms that
involved the complete abandonment of their Baltic and Polish lands
to German or Austrian control; but he also refused to make peace,
hoping that revolution would break out in Berlin and Vienna in
time to make it unnecessary. Those revolutions were indeed to
come, but not just yet. So the German armies simply advanced
unopposed, not only into Finland and western Russia, but deep into
the Ukraine as far as the Caucasus and the Crimea. When Lenin
finally yielded in March 1918, it was on terms that involved
surrendering territory containing about 90 per cent of Russia’s coal
resources, 50 per cent of her heavy industry, and 30 per cent of her
population, as well as a payment of six billion marks in ‘reparations’.
In May Germany tidied up her eastern conquests by the Treaty of
Bucharest, whereby Romania yielded up control of her oil
production and grain surpluses and accepted an indefinite military
occupation. Whatever happened in the west, the Germans had now
acquired a vast, self-sufficient, and apparently impregnable eastern
empire.
But it was not so much any threat from the west that now worried
the German High Command. Even more alarming were
developments within Germany itself.
96

This demand was fuelled not only by hardship but by political
ideology. The despotic Czarist Empire that German liberals and
socialists had always regarded as their natural enemy had been
destroyed, and the new social-democratic regime in Russia seemed
their natural allies. The advent of the United States had completed
the unity of democratic powers against a Germany whose
hegemonial ambitions as well as brutal conduct of the war German
liberals and socialists were finding it increasingly hard to defend. At
an International Socialist Conference in Stockholm in June 1917 the
German delegates were made aware of their isolation and
unpopularity. Largely in consequence of that experience, the
Reichstag passed a Peace Resolution on 19 July by 212 votes to 126,
demanding ‘a peace of understanding and the permanent
reconciliation of peoples without forcible acquisition of territory
and without political, economic or financial measures of coercion’.
Simultaneously it was voicing demands for major reforms in the
97

1918: The Year of Decision

By 1917, as we have seen, the army had taken control of the German
economy. But it still did not control the Reichstag, and the
Reichstag held the purse strings with its power to vote or withhold
war credits – the funds without which the war could not be carried
on at all. For three years patriotism had held the Reichstag, and
indeed the whole country, together, except for a small minority of
socialist dissidents. But by the winter of 1917 this unity was wearing
very thin. It had been precariously preserved during the first half of
that year by hope of success in the submarine offensive, but by late
summer it was clear that no success was to be expected. The nation
had endured four war winters, and the prospect of a fifth seemed
unendurable. Scuffles in bread queues were escalating into riots,
and riots into major strikes. In August 1917 the crews of naval
vessels at Wilhelmshaven, bored as well as hungry, broke out in
open mutiny. In January 1918 major and prolonged strikes erupted
in Kiel and Berlin, and martial law had to be declared in Hamburg
and Brandenburg. The Russian example was proving seriously
infectious, and economic hardship gave edge to the swelling
demand for peace.

The First World War

11. The pressure on the civilian population: food queue in Berlin,
winter 1917

archaic electoral system of Prussia and, worst of all, for the armed
forces themselves to be placed under its own control.
The High Command had relied on the Chancellor, Bethmann
Hollweg, to keep the Reichstag in order. Now that he had failed,
they compelled the Kaiser to demand his resignation. His successor,
a malleable bureaucrat, Georg Michaelis, agreed to accept the Peace
Resolution ‘as I understand it’, so the war credits were passed. But
clearly more would be needed to counter the peace propaganda of
the left. In September the High Command sponsored the launching
of a new ‘Fatherland Party’ to campaign against constitutional
reform and support an annexationist peace. The terms of the latter
98

were laid down in the Kreuznach Programme of 9 August. In the
east, Germany would annex outright all the lands already occupied
by her armies – Courland, Lithuania, and the eastern provinces of
Poland. In the west she would retain Belgium and Luxembourg and
gain the French regions of Longwy and Briey. The object, as
Hindenburg and Ludendorff explained to the Kaiser, was ‘such a
strengthening of the German people, and such an improvement in
our frontiers, that our enemies would not dare to let loose another
war for a long time to come’. The Fatherland Party was lavishly
financed by Rhineland industrialists, but it was no mere front for
the ruling classes. Within a year it numbered 1.25 million
members – arguably the first genuinely populist right-wing
movement of the twentieth century, and a harbinger of more
to come.

The Ludendorff Offensive, March 1918
Ludendorff had begun planning for that victory in November 1917.
On paper he now had more than enough troops to smash through
the Western Front, as the Allies knew very well. The need to
maintain order among the chaotic conditions of her vast new
conquests still pinned down the great bulk of German forces in the
99

1918: The Year of Decision

The nature of the peace would thus determine not only Germany’s
position in Europe, but what kind of country she was going to be. In
the eyes of the High Command and its civilian followers, to yield to
the demands of the Reichstag for a peace without annexations or
indemnities would be effectively to have lost the war – a war no
longer simply against Germany’s external enemies, but against all
the internal forces apparently bent on destroying traditional
German values. In Ludendorff’s view, the only way in which those
forces could be overcome before the Home Front collapsed
altogether – and the even more desperate Austrians defected – was
by victory on the Western Front, gained by a blow so overwhelming
that the Allies would lose heart and be forced to accept the German
plans for peace. This would truly be Germany’s ‘last card’.

The First World War

east, but he was able to transfer some forty-four divisions to the
west, bringing his total there by March 1918 to 199 divisions.
Against these the French could field about 100, some of very
doubtful quality, and the British fifty-eight, whose strength, as the
military authorities later complained, was still further reduced by
Lloyd George’s policy of keeping their first-line reserves in the
United Kingdom so that Haig could not use them for any further
offensives. As yet the Americans could provide none at all.
The first blow was struck against the British – first an initial thrust
against the southern part of their line east of Amiens, to draw in
their reserves from the north, where a second blow would break
through, so it was hoped, to the Channel ports. Haig, judging his
left wing to be the decisive front, had deliberately weakened his
right; so when the Germans attacked there on 21 March 1918, it was
with a crushing numerical superiority, some fifty-two divisions
against twenty-six. But it was not numbers alone that mattered. The
Germans now employed techniques that finally put an end to the
deadlock of trench warfare that had immobilized the Western Front
for the past three years.
The techniques were not new. A brief but violent artillery
bombardment in depth without previous registration, directed as
much against communications and command centres as against
front-line troops and making plentiful use of gas and smoke, had
already been used both by the British at Cambrai and by the
Germans themselves at Caporetto. But it had been perfected on the
Eastern Front, especially in the assault on Riga, by General Oskar
von Hutier and his artillery commander Colonel Georg
Bruchmuller, who now led the German attack in the west. The
weight of their bombardment was now unprecedented: 6,500 guns
fired on a forty- mile front, destroying all communications behind
the lines and drenching the front line with gas and high explosive.
Then ‘storm troops’, specialized assault-units carrying their own
firepower in the shape of sled-borne light guns, light machine guns,
grenades, mortars and flame-throwers, spearheaded the main
100

infantry attack, destroying enemy strong points wherever possible
and masking them when it was not. The infantry units that followed
poured into the gaps they had opened, reserves being fed in to
exploit success in what a British commentator, Liddell Hart, was
later to describe as an ‘expanding torrent’. The combination proved
devastating against British troops who had barely begun to prepare
the deep defences needed to counter it, or indeed to appreciate the
need for them. A thick fog on the morning of 21 March assisted the
German breakthrough. Within four days they had driven a wedge
forty miles deep into the British positions and threatened to break
the Allied lines altogether.

Meanwhile the German advance was slowing to a halt. Their
101

1918: The Year of Decision

The attack was far more successful than Ludendorff himself had
expected. It now threatened to separate the British from the French
armies. If that happened, the British would have to fall back to the
north along their lines of communication to the Channel ports,
while the French would withdraw to the south to cover Paris,
leaving the way clear for the Germans to advance to the coast – as
indeed they did twenty-two years later. All now depended on the
French and British armies maintaining contact. So far both Haig
and Pétain had resisted the attempts of the Supreme War Council to
impose an inter-allied command over their heads, and refused to
place any reserves at the council’s disposal to enable it to influence
the course of operations. Mutual cooperation, they argued, would
solve any problems that might arise. But it did not. When Haig
appealed for help, Pétain refused to provide it, for fear of
uncovering Paris. Haig swallowed his pride and appealed to his
political superiors. An inter-allied conference met at Doullens, near
Amiens, on 26 March. There the resolute stand taken by Foch, now
the French Chief of Staff, impressed Haig sufficiently for him to
accept Foch’s authority to ‘coordinate’ the Allied armies – an
authority extended a week later to ‘the direction of operations’. For
the rest of the war the Allies were to fight under a single overall
command.

The First World War

communications were overextended; artillery could not keep up
with the pace of the infantry advance, and progress was made more
difficult by the wastelands of the Somme battlefields over which the
infantry now had to advance. Captured Allied dumps certainly
provided supplies in enormous quantities, but it was only too
tempting for the exhausted and hungry German troops to pause
and enjoy them. Ludendorff broke off the operation on 5 April and
switched to the attack in the north, as Haig had been expecting.
This was launched on 9 April, after the usual Bruchmuller
bombardment, in the Lys valley south of the Ypres salient. Within a
few days the Germans had recaptured all the ground west of Ypres
that the British had taken three months and 400,000 casualties to
conquer the previous autumn. British troops were now so thinly
stretched that the usually inarticulate Haig thought it necessary to
issue a dramatic Order of the Day: ‘With our backs to the wall, and
believing in the justice of our cause, each one must fight on till the
end. The safety of our homes and the freedom of mankind alike
depend upon the conduct of each one of us at this critical moment.’
This went down well with the press, though its reception by the
troops themselves was more ribald. But fight on they did. The line
held, and on 30 April Ludendorff broke off the attack. Since
21 March he had already lost some 350,000 men, the Allies only
slightly fewer; but it was the Allies who had the longer purse, and,
with American troops pouring into France at a rate of 300,000 a
month, the purse was now virtually bottomless.
Ludendorff now turned on the French. The sector he chose for his
attack was the Aisne, where Nivelle had launched his disastrous
offensive a year earlier. On 27 May the Germans used their now
familiar techniques – Bruchmuller’s guns fired two million shells in
four and a half hours – to crush the French Sixteenth Army, whose
commanders still disdained defence in depth in favour of defending
every inch of their territory. They took 50,000 prisoners and
penetrated thirty miles to seize Soissons. Their long-range artillery
began to bombard Paris itself, where the government once more
prepared, as they had in September 1914, to move to Bordeaux. But
102

in the course of their attack the Germans themselves lost another
130,000 men; and, most important of all, some of them had been
killed by Americans.

The Americans Enter the Line

By the beginning of 1918 there were already a million American
troops in France, although they were not yet organized in fighting
formations. From the beginning Pershing insisted that they should
operate as a distinct army. He had been allotted his own front on the
far right of the Allied line, in the as yet inactive theatre of Lorraine.
But, although the United States could mobilize men with
astonishing speed – conscription was introduced in May 1917 – it
took longer to tool up her industries to provide heavy weapons.
Until the end of the war her army was dependent on her European
allies for tanks, aircraft, and – most important of all – artillery guns
and ammunition. This being so, and given the American lack of
combat experience, it seemed logical to the French and British that
these raw American units should, at least initially, be amalgamated
with their own more experienced forces to learn their trade. This
Pershing, under President Wilson’s direction, understandably
refused. He did, however, allow US divisions once they were formed
to serve under French command. The First Division was blooded at
103

1918: The Year of Decision

Ludendorff has been criticized as much by his own countrymen as
by his enemies for his failure to designate any major objective for
his offensive and stick to it. But, even if he had captured the
Channel ports, the war would still have gone on, as it did in 1940.
Even if he had taken Paris, the Americans and the British would
have continued to fight. Ludendorff’s object, not unlike that of
Falkenhayn two years earlier, was not so much to destroy the Allied
armies as to destroy the will of the Allied governments to persevere
with the war and compel them to accept a compromise peace. He
might have succeeded with the French. In another year it might
even have been possible with the British. But it was out of the
question with the United States.

The First World War

12. Marshal Foch and General Pershing: the New World to the rescue
of the old

Cantigny on 28 May – a notable date in American military history –
and two more were available to help seal the French line at
Château-Thierry when the German attack penetrated thus far at the
beginning of June. The gallantry of inexperience made their losses
heavy – over 10,000 killed or wounded – but they learned fast; and
the very presence of these tall, cheerful, well-fed boys from the
Middle West with their boundless optimism convinced their weary
allies that the war could not now be lost. More important, it
convinced their yet more weary adversaries that it could not now
be won.
Ludendorff planned a final blow against the British in the north,
but after a month of indecision he decided first to launch one more
violent and, he hoped, final blow against the French – a
Friedenssturm he termed it for the benefit of his exhausted troops, a
blow for peace. The blow was struck on 16 July at Reims, on the
104

The Allied Counter-Attack, July 1918
It was now the Allies’ turn to take the offensive, and on 26 July Foch
gave orders for a general advance on all fronts. Foch was no great
strategist, but he embodied the Napoleonic maxim that in war
moral forces are to physical as three to one. His infectious
enthusiasm had done much to check the German advance at the
Battle of the Marne in 1914. Since then his determination to attack
under all circumstances had often been disastrous, but now the
Allied armies had the numbers and, more important, the skills to
make it effective. Pershing now had forty-two US divisions at his
disposal, each twice the size of its European counterpart, and was
able to regroup them in a single army – later divided into two – on
the right of the Allied line. By attacking northwards through the
Argonne forest, he threatened the main lateral railway line, from
Metz to Antwerp, that fed the German armies. On the left of the line
the British were to launch a converging attack, while French armies,
reinvigorated by two fighting generals Mangin and Gouraud, kept
up the pressure in the centre. Since it would take some time for the
105

1918: The Year of Decision

eastern edge of the salient that the Germans had now driven as far
south as the Marne. But this time the French were ready for it.
German deserters – their very number an indicator of German
demoralization – had given warning of the attack, and the French
were able to pre-empt the German bombardment with a barrage of
their own. They had also at last learned the lesson of flexible
defence. They allowed the Germans to bombard and occupy a front
line that was empty except for barbed wire, mines, and a few
machine-gun posts, before decimating them with a counter-barrage
and fire from the flanks. Two days later the fiery General Mangin
launched a counter-attack against the western flank of the salient
with an army that now included American divisions. By 5 August a
combined French, American, and British force had reconquered the
entire salient and taken 30,000 prisoners. Ludendorff cancelled his
orders for a final attack he was planning in the north. He had finally
shot his bolt.

The First World War

Americans to redeploy and the French to recover from the great
battles of June and July, it fell to the British to launch the first blow,
to the east of Amiens, on 8 August.
Considering the half a million or so losses that it had suffered since
the beginning of the year, the British army had made a remarkable
recovery, and of no one was this more true than Haig himself. Haig’s
offensive spirit, like that of Foch, had more often than not had
disastrous consequences, but now, like that of Foch, its time had
come. His frequent prophesies of the imminence of German
collapse were at last coming true, and, unlike the majority of his
colleagues who were planning a campaign for 1919, he believed that
the war could be won by the end of the year. He cheerfully accepted
Foch’s direction from above, and, guided by his renovated staff,
listened and gave effect to the new tactical concepts being
developed from below. His Australian and Canadian units had
proved themselves the most formidable fighters on the Western
Front, and, after much trial and error, the British army had learned
how to use its tanks. A successful small-scale action at Hamel on
4 July had proved a model of infantry–tank cooperation, and the
same methods were now put to use on a very much larger scale.
Combined with the infantry–artillery liaison techniques that the
British had now mastered, and yet another innovation, the use of
low-flying attack aircraft, these provided a winning combination
unimaginable – and impracticable – two years earlier. Together with
the French army on their right flank, the British penetrated seven
miles on the first day of their attack and took 30,000 prisoners. It
was the first outright and irreversible defeat that the Germans had
suffered in four years of fighting, and Ludendorff himself was
gloomily to describe it as ‘the Black Day’ of the German army.
The Germans now began a fighting retreat to the Hindenburg line
established at the beginning of 1917. Their morale was still far from
broken: by the time they reached the Hindenburg line early in
September they had inflicted on the British a further 190,000 and
on the French 100,000 losses, and the British Cabinet was again
106

becoming anxious. None the less on 3 September Foch gave orders
for a new offensive all along the line: tout le monde à la bataille!
Pershing insisted on first blooding his new army by a limited
offensive to pinch out a salient at St Mihiel in the quiet Lorraine
sector, a two-day battle that was completed by 14 September, and
then turned north to join in the general offensive on 26 September.
The following day British and French forces assaulted the main
Hindenburg line, firing a barrage of nearly a million shells in
twenty-four hours. This finally broke Ludendorff’s spirit. On
29 September he informed the Kaiser that there was now no
prospect of winning the war. If catastrophe was to be averted, an
armistice must be concluded as quickly as possible.

The Collapse of the Central Powers

107

1918: The Year of Decision

Since the beginning of August the German army had lost a further
228,000 men, half of them through desertion. Their General Staff
considered fewer than fifty divisions fit for combat. Base troops,
infected by increasingly gloomy news from home and vulnerable to
communist propaganda, trembled on the verge of strikes, if not
mutiny. But even worse was the condition of Austria-Hungary,
whose emperor’s desperate overtures to the French for peace terms
had been cynically publicized by Clemenceau in April 1918. Their
army – hungry, ragged, increasingly disintegrating into its separate
ethnic elements – had been pushed into a final offensive on the
Italian front on 15 June, only to be repulsed with the loss of 143,000
men, 25,000 of them prisoners. After that, the troops began to
desert en masse. Those that remained were sick and starving, as
were the populations of Vienna and other cities of the Monarchy.
On 16 September the Emperor publicly appealed to President
Wilson for peace terms, and tried to pre-empt ethnic disintegration
by declaring the Habsburg Empire to be a federal state. When on
24 October the Italian army, powerfully reinforced by French and
British divisions, at last took the offensive, the Austrian forces
disintegrated after forty-eight hours, and the Allied advance could
hardly keep up with the speed of their retreat. The Italians just had

time to launch a last independent attack at Vittorio Veneto and reap
another huge harvest of prisoners before an armistice negotiated
two days earlier came into effect on 4 November.

The First World War

Meanwhile the long-dormant Macedonian Front had been
galvanized by the appearance of a dynamic new commander,
General Franchet d’Esperey. On 15 September French and Serbian
mountain troops successfully attacked hitherto impregnable
Bulgarian positions. Greek and British forces joined in, and the
Bulgarians, deprived of German and Austrian support, capitulated
on 30 September – the first of the Central Powers to do so. The
Turks followed a month later on 30 October, thus freeing
themselves to continue their campaign in the Caucasus
until 1919.
In Germany, six weeks were to pass before Ludendorff ’s decision
to ask for an armistice had any result. In his eyes an armistice
meant just that – a suspension of operations in the field to make
possible a regrouping of his forces and negotiations leading to an
agreed peace. It should be made clear, he insisted, ‘that there is an
unyielding determination to continue the war if the enemy will
grant us no peace or only a dishonourable one.’ He at last accepted
that Germany would have to surrender Belgium and even AlsaceLorraine, but he still hoped that the Allies would allow her to
retain her conquests in the east as a bulwark against ‘Bolshevism’.
Further, he recognized that the Allies had virtually pledged
themselves not to deal with the existing regime in Berlin, so a new
one had to be installed that would bear the responsibility – and
the odium – of negotiating peace terms. So on 3 October the
Kaiser appointed as Chancellor Prince Max of Baden, a sensible
moderate whom the former American Ambassador in Berlin had
described as ‘one of the few high Germans who seems to be able to
think like a human being’, and ordered him to approach President
Wilson with a request for an immediate armistice. When Max
demurred, the Kaiser brusquely informed him that ‘the High
Command thinks it necessary, and you have not been brought here
108

to create difficulties for the High Command’. Obediently the
following day Max invited President Wilson, the most
approachable – or the least unapproachable – of Germany’s
enemies, to take steps for the restoration of peace ‘on the basis of
the moderate programme he had set forth on 8 January ’ – the
Fourteen Points (see Appendix I).

109

1918: The Year of Decision

But the Wilson of October was no longer the Wilson of January.
Then he could still see himself, and be seen, as a figure above the
battle. He had consulted no one over the Fourteen Points – certainly
not the co-belligerents he still did not regard as ‘allies’. (Since there
was no formal alliance, the United States referred to its cobelligerents simply as ‘associated powers’.) But since their
promulgation the Germans had shown their own idea of peace
terms with the imposition on the Russians of the Treaty of BrestLitovsk. More important, the United States had for the previous
eight months been involved in a shooting war in France in which
a large number of American boys had been killed. Then on
12 October a U-boat sank a passenger ship, the Leinster, with a
loss of several hundred British and American lives. The American
people were now gripped by a war psychosis even more ferocious
than that of their weary European partners. In an exchange of
notes with Berlin, Wilson made it clear that he was no longer a
benevolent deus ex machina, but the leader of a victorious and
implacable alliance. He declared that ‘the only armistice he would
feel justified in submitting for consideration would be one which
should leave the United States and the powers associated with
her [sic] in a position to enforce any arrangements that may be
entered into and make a renewal of hostilities on the part of
Germany impossible’. Further, he demanded as a condition for
negotiation that Germany should transform herself into a
constitutional state, thus ensuring ‘the destruction of every
arbitrary power anywhere that can separately, secretly and of
its single choice disturb the peace of the world; or if it cannot
be presently destroyed, at least its reduction to virtual
impotency’.

The First World War

When Ludendorff learned of these conditions, he tried to break off
negotiations, but his own generals would not let him. ‘The morale of
the troops has suffered seriously,’ reported one of his army
commanders, Prince Rupprecht of Bavaria, ‘and their power of
resistance diminishes daily. They surrender in hordes whenever the
enemy attacks, and thousands of plunderers infest the districts
round the bases . . . Whatever happens we must make peace, before
the enemy break through into Germany.’ The government in Berlin
had a yet more immediate fear – that of revolution breaking out in
Germany itself. Max of Baden did his best to pre-empt this by
cramming through in three weeks all the constitutional reforms
that the Kaiser and the army had resisted for the previous half
century. By the end of October the Reichstag found itself a sovereign
body, elected on universal suffrage by secret ballot, with all
government ministers responsible to it, including the Minister
for War. Wilhelm II, the All Highest War Lord, found himself
reduced to the status of a constitutional monarch as impotent as
his cousin in England. Thus emboldened, Max now demanded
the dismissal of Ludendorff, to which the Kaiser agreed with
ill-concealed satisfaction. Hindenburg remained as an irreplaceable
figurehead, but Ludendorff’s place was taken by the equally
plebeian General Wilhelm Groener, who as head of the
Oberstekriegsamt was very familiar with the social and economic
problems of the home front.
But it was all too late. The German people had suffered increasing
and lately almost intolerable hardships in the belief that their
armies had been, and continued to be, everywhere victorious. With
the revelation that they were on the brink of collapse, all confidence
in the regime disappeared. On 29 October naval crews mutinied
rather than take out their ships in a ‘Death-Ride’ planned by their
admirals to save the honour of the navy. Within a week the mutiny
had spread to revolution in every big city in Germany. Workers and
Soldiers’ Councils seized power on the model of the Russian Soviets.
Bavaria declared herself an independent republic. The rear
echelons of the army mutinied and seized the crossings over the
110

Rhine. There was wild talk at army headquarters about marching
the army home and ‘restoring order’, but Groener knew very well
that the instrument would break in his hands. He realized that
revolution was inevitable unless three conditions were fulfilled. The
Kaiser must abdicate; the army must support the majority party in
the Reichstag, the Social Democrats, the only people capable of
riding the political storm; and peace must be made at once, at
whatever cost.

These terms, so far as land operations were concerned, were
dictated largely by the French. The British, themselves anxious to
end hostilities as quickly as possible, would have made them milder.
Pershing, with two barely blooded armies straining at the leash and
public opinion at home baying for ‘unconditional surrender’, would
have granted none at all. All Belgian and French territory was to be
evacuated within fourteen days; the Allies were to occupy all
German territory on the Left Bank of the Rhine and a ten-kilometre
belt on the Right Bank, together with bridgeheads at Mainz,
Coblenz, and Cologne. All the territory conquered in Eastern
Europe since 1914 was to be surrendered; massive quantities of
war materiel was to be handed over, including most of the fleet
and all submarines; and the Allied blockade would continue until
the final signature of peace. The German delegates protested that
the result would be anarchy and famine from which only the
Bolshevists would profit, but Foch as leader of the Allied
delegation was implacable. The Germans had no alternative but to
sign what with some reason they expected to be their own death
111

1918: The Year of Decision

So on 9 November Groener informed the Kaiser that he no longer
commanded the confidence of the army and packed him off to exile
in Holland. In Berlin the leaders of the Social Democrats, Philipp
Scheidemann and Friedrich Ebert, proclaimed the Republic and
received assurance of army support against any incipient
revolution; and a delegation was cobbled together to meet the
Allied war leaders in a railway carriage in the forest near
Compiègne to ask for their terms.

warrants. In the case of one delegate, Mathias Erzberger, it was. He
was hunted down by right-wing extremists and assassinated two
years later.

The First World War

So on 11 November at 11 a.m., the eleventh hour of the eleventh day
of the eleventh month, the guns on the Western Front at last fell
silent, leaving both sides to mourn their dead.

112

Chapter 9
The Settlement

The Allied statesmen who came together in Paris in January 1919 to
make the peace settlement were in a very different situation from
their predecessors at Vienna in 1814. They did not have a free hand
to reshape the world in conformity with the principles of order and
justice, or of national self-determination, or even of the traditional
balance of power. They were responsible to electorates still in the
grip of war fever whose passions and prejudices could not be
ignored. In any case, the mounting chaos in Central Europe in the
wake of the collapse of the Russian, Austrian, and Hohenzollern
empires made it doubtful whether any stable regime existed east of
the Rhine with which peace could be made at all.

Germany
The conference itself revolved around a tacit duel between
President Wilson, who perhaps unwisely attended in person, and
the French premier Georges Clemenceau. Each had a different
agenda. That of Wilson was to create a new world order under the
auspices of a League of Nations, to the creation of which he
devoted his best endeavours; only to see his work destroyed when
the United States Congress refused to participate in the League on
the terms he demanded. That of Clemenceau, with the wholehearted support of his countrymen and initially his British allies,
was so to reconstruct Europe that Germany could never threaten
113

The First World War

her stability again. As we have seen, France with her population of
now barely forty million faced a Germany sixty-five million-strong
with a far greater industrial power and potential than France
could ever command. The counterweight on which France had
relied before 1914, the Russian Empire, had vanished, taking
billions of francs’ worth of investment with it. In the French view,
therefore, everything possible had to be done to weaken Germany.
In the east the maximum territory should be taken from her to
build up new nations in a cordon sanitaire under French
influence, both to ward off the encroachments of Bolshevism from
the east and to take Russia’s place as an instrument for the
containment of German power. In the west, not only should Alsace
and Lorraine with their valuable ores be restored to France, but
the coal-rich Saar basin should be added to them. Further the
Rhineland, the German territories on the left bank of the river,
should if possible be detached from Germany altogether to
constitute an autonomous state or group of states under French
protection as a glacis to cover the French frontier. This the British
would not accept, arguing that such a protectorate would be
simply an Alsace-Lorraine in reverse, a cause of constant friction.
They agreed only to the demilitarization of the left bank of the
Rhine and of the right bank to a depth of forty miles, with an
Allied military presence remaining pending the full payment of
reparations. Ownership of the Saar coalfields was to pass to
France, but the territory was to be administered by the League of
Nations for fifteen years, when its destiny would be settled by
plebiscite. It was a reasonable settlement, to be confirmed by the
Locarno Agreement of 1924, and one not in itself likely to provoke
another war.
Germany’s eastern frontiers presented a far more difficult problem.
One of Wilson’s fourteen points had stipulated the restoration of
independence to Poland, which had since the end of the eighteenth
century been partitioned between Germany, Russia, and the
Austrian Empire. The core of the new Poland was the Grand Duchy
of Warsaw, ethnically predominantly Polish, but recognized as part
114

of the Russian Empire since 1814. The Russians were now in no
better position to contest its independence, or that of their former
Baltic provinces Finland, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, than were
the Austrians to retain their Polish lands in Galicia. But the Polish
regions of Germany – Upper Silesia, Posen, and West Prussia – were
another matter. They had been thickly settled by Germans for
generations. Worse, the new Poland had been promised access to
the sea, which could be provided only by making over to her the
lower Vistula valley, whose population was mixed, and the port of
Danzig, which was almost entirely German. That involved dividing
Germany from East Prussia, which was widely regarded as her
historic heartland. The settlement was probably the best that could
be achieved without the massive ‘ethnic cleansing’ that would take
place in 1945, but the Germans never concealed their intention of
reversing it at the earliest opportunity.

Germany lost her colonies as a matter of course, but, since the Allies
under Wilson’s leadership had renounced ‘annexations’, the powers
that acquired them (mainly Britain and her overseas dominions)
did so as ‘mandates’ on behalf of the League of Nations. The Allies
had likewise renounced the ‘indemnities’ that defeated powers
normally had to pay to their conquerors. Instead they demanded
‘reparation’ for the damage inflicted on their civilian populations.
115

The Settlement

In addition to accepting these losses of territory, Germany was
required to disarm, to surrender her overseas colonies, and to pay
heavy reparations to her victorious enemies. Her army was reduced
to 100,000 men and deprived of ‘offensive weapons’ such as tanks.
Her General Staff, demonized by Allied propaganda, was
disbanded; her air force was abolished; her naval building was
confined to vessels of less than 100,000 tons displacement. This,
so the victors argued, would ‘render possible the initiation of a
general limitation of the armaments of all nations’. It did not,
and its failure to do so was to be used by the Germans when they
denounced those restrictions and began rearming fifteen years
later.

The First World War

Initially this definition had been intended to apply to the
populations of the occupied and devastated areas of France
and Belgium, but the French and British rapidly extended it to
cover not only such marginal expenses as interest charges on
war loans and general costs of reconstruction, but pensions to
disabled soldiers and to the orphans and widows of the dead in
perpetuity – a sum so huge that it could not even be computed.
The peace conference referred the whole matter to a Reparations
Commission that was to report in 1921. Meanwhile the Germans
had to pledge themselves in advance to accept the Commission’s
findings, and to make a down payment of twenty million marks.
The Allies would keep their military forces on the Rhine to enforce
payment and have the right to reoccupy German territory in the
event of default.
The full implications of these demands were to be brilliantly
denounced by Maynard Keynes in his philippic The Economic
Consequences of the Peace. Eventually they were to be fudged; but
not before the Germans were able to lay on them the blame for all
the economic disasters that were to overwhelm them. But even
more unacceptable was the justification given for imposing
reparations at all – the alleged German responsibility for causing
the war in the first place. The Germans still believed almost without
exception that the war had been imposed on them by their enemies,
and that all their sacrifices over the previous five years had been in a
noble cause. Further, many felt that they had not been defeated at
all. They had, it was argued, been deprived of the victory that was
their due only because they had been cheated by the Allies over the
Armistice terms and ‘stabbed in the back’ by Reichsfeinde, socialists
and Jews, who had exploited the difficulties of the moment in order
to seize power. Even for those who did not accept this myth of a
Dolchstoss (stab in the back), the continuing legitimacy of any
German government would depend on its capacity to modify the
servitudes imposed by the treaty, if not abrogate them altogether. It
was to be Adolf Hitler’s success in doing this that was to win him
such widespread support.
116

Austria-Hungary

Turkey
As for the Turks, initially they were treated as harshly as the
Germans. Not only did they lose their possessions in the Arabian
peninsula to new states under French or British control – Syria,
Lebanon, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Palestine, Transjordan – but they were
invaded by Italian forces staking claims to Adalia under the Treaty
117

The Settlement

The dissolution of the Habsburg Monarchy left an equally bitter
legacy. The Austrian half of the Monarchy lost, in the north, to
Czechs who joined their Slovak cousins from Hungary in a
Czechoslovak Republic that contained, in the Sudetenland on its
western frontier, a worrying minority of Germans. In the south they
lost the Slovenes, who with their Croat cousins from Hungary
linked their fortunes with the Serbs in a clumsily entitled ‘Kingdom
of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes’, later to be renamed Jugoslavia
(south Slavia). They lost their Italian lands south of the Alps,
including Trieste, their main port on the Adriatic; but the territories
promised to Italy on the eastern shores of the Adriatic were now in
the possession of the ‘liberated’ Jugoslavs, who themselves had
claims on Trieste and its hinterland. The German-speaking rump
that was all that remained of Austria initially tried to join the new
German republic to the north, but this was forbidden by the Allies.
So Austria remained independent for a further twenty years until
1938, when an Anschluss was achieved, to universal popular
acclaim, by one of her former citizens, Adolf Hitler. The Hungarians
lost not only the Slovaks to the north and the Croats to the south,
but the province of Transylvania in the east to a greatly enlarged
Rumania, suffering an ugly little civil war in the process. The
right-wing dictator who emerged from the mêlée, Admiral Horthy,
refused to admit that the abdication of the Habsburgs had been
valid at all and declared that he ruled merely as regent on their
behalf. He continued to do so until he was himself overthrown at
the end of the Second World War.

The First World War

of London of 1915, and by Greeks staking claims in Thrace and
regions in Anatolia, especially Smyrna (Izmir), where there was a
substantial Greek minority. Popular resentment at this diktat
brought to power a new regime under Mustapha Kemal Ataturk,
which drove the Greeks out of Anatolia and threatened to do the
same to British forces occupying the Straits. After three confused
years a settlement was reached at Lausanne in 1923, leaving Turkey
in sole control of Anatolia and the Straits – with guarantees for their
demilitarization – together with a foothold on Europe in eastern
Thrace. The Greek population of Smyrna was brutally expelled, and
disputes between Greece and Turkey over possession of islands in
the Aegean continued until, and beyond, the end of the century.
The peace settlement at Versailles has had a bad press, but most of
its provisions have stood the test of time. The new states it created
survived, if within fluctuating frontiers, until the last decade of the
century, when the Czechs and Slovaks peacefully separated and
Jugoslavia, always volatile, disintegrated and threatened new wars
in the process. The Franco-German frontier was stabilized. ‘The
Eastern Question’ arising from Turkey’s presence in Europe was
solved for good. But ‘the German Question’ remained unsolved. In
spite of her defeat, Germany remained the most powerful nation in
Europe, and determined to reverse the settlement at least of her
eastern frontiers. France’s attempt to restore a balance was doomed
by ideological mistrust of the Soviet Union, by the weakness of her
allies in East Europe, and by the profound reluctance of her people
ever to endure a comparable ordeal again. The British were equally
reluctant: their domestic and imperial problems, combined with
the dreadful image of war that increasingly haunted the popular
imagination, led successive governments to seek a solution in
appeasing German demands rather than resisting them. As for the
United States, their intervention in Europe was widely seen as
having been a bad mistake, and one never to be repeated.
When the terms of the treaty were announced, a prescient British
cartoonist depicted Wilson, Lloyd George, and Clemenceau
118

emerging from the Paris peace conference, one saying ‘Curious: I
seem to hear a child weeping.’ And sure enough, hiding behind a
pillar, there was a little boy crying his heart out, with the words
‘1940 Class’ inscribed over his head.

The Settlement

119

Appendix I
President Wilson’s
Fourteen Points

Wilson laid down his ‘Fourteen Points’ in a message to Congress on
8 January 1918. They were as follows:

I. Open covenants of peace, openly arrived at . . .
II. Absolute freedom of navigation upon the seas, outside
territorial waters, alike in peace and in war . . .
III. The removal, so far as possible, of all economic barriers and
the establishment of an equality of trade conditions among
all the nations consenting to the peace . . .
IV. . . .[N]ational armaments to be reduced to the lowest point
consistent with public safety.
V. . . . [I]mpartial adjustment of all colonial claims.
VI. The evacuation of all Russian territory . . .
VII. Belgium . . . must be evacuated and restored, without any
attempt to delimit the sovereignty which she enjoys in
common with all free nations.
VIII. All French territory should be freed and the invaded
provinces restored, and the wrong done to France by Prussia
in 1871 in the matter of Alsace-Lorraine . . . should be
righted . . .
IX. A readjustment of the frontiers of Italy should be effected
along clearly recognizable lines of nationality.
X. The peoples of Austria-Hungary . . . should be accorded the
freest opportunity for autonomous development.
120

XI. Rumania, Serbia and Montenegro should be evacuated;
occupied territories restored; Serbia accorded free and secure
access to the sea . . .
XII. The Turkish portions of the present Ottoman Empire should
be assured a secure sovereignty, but the other nationalities
which are now under Turkish rule should be assured an
undoubted security of life and absolutely unmolested
opportunity of autonomous development . . .
XIII. An independent Polish state should be erected which should
include the territories inhabited by indisputably Polish
populations, which should be assured a free and secure
access to the sea . . .
XIV. A general association of nations must be formed under
specific covenants for the purpose of affording mutual
guarantees of political independence and territorial integrity
to great and small states alike.
Appendices

121

Appendix II
Total War Casualties

The First World War

Population

Mobilized

Dead

Central Powers
Austria-Hungary

52m.

7.8m.

1,200,000

Germany

67m.

11.0m.

1,800,000

Turkey

2.8m.

320,000

Bulgaria

1.2m.

90,000

Allies
France

36.5m.

8.4m.

1,400,000

Britain

46m.

6.2m.

740,000

British Empire

2.7m.

170,000

164m.

12.0m.

1,700,000

Italy

37m.

5.6m.

460,000

USA

93m.

4.3m.

115,000

Russia

122

Further Reading

Since the bibliography of the First World War is so immense, it is best
for the beginner to start with a few general studies and go on from there.
The best survey of the war’s origins, summarizing all the relevant
controversies, is James Joll, The Origins of the First World War (London
1984). The best general survey of the war, with ample bibliography, is
Ian Beckett, The Great War 1914–18 (Harlow 2001) but a briefer
comprehensive account is to be found in Hew Strachan (ed.), The
Oxford Illustrated History of the First World War (Oxford 1998). Of
Strachan’s own magisterial study only the first of three volumes has so
far been published, The First World War, i. To Arms (Oxford 2000).
This takes events in Europe only to the end of 1914, but deals so
effectively with broader aspects of the conflict as to be already
indispensable. Martin Gilbert, The First World War (London 1994)
provides a useful chronicle, heavily illustrated with anecdote and
pictures.
Most works by British historians, including this one, inevitably have
something of an anglocentric bias and focus perhaps unduly on the
Western Front. This needs to be corrected by reading Norman Stone,
The Eastern Front (London 1975) and Holger H. Herwig, The First
World War: Germany and Austria-Hungary (London 1997). On
specifically national contributions read J. M. Bourne, Britain and the
Great War (London 1989); J. F. Becker, The Great War and the French
123

People (Leamington Spa 1985); Roger Chickering, Imperial Germany
and the Great War (Cambridge 1998); and David Kennedy, Over Here;
the Great War and American Society (New York 1980).

Thr First World War

On economic aspects of the war Gerd Hardach, The First World War
1914–1918 (London 1977) is succinct but comprehensive. Niall
Ferguson, The Pity of War (London 1998) contains much important
information in an otherwise controversial text.

124

Index

at Passchendaele 89
pre-registration of 52, 53, 82
at the Somme 65, 66
at Verdun 63–4
at Vilna 66
artillery shells 53, 83
artistic movements 28
Asquith, Herbert 58, 69
Ataturk, Mustapha Kemal 118
atrocities:
German 30–1, 50, 51, 81
Russian 51
Turkish 92
Australian forces 42, 46, 106
Austria-Hungary 2, 10, 28, 45,
67
and Balkans 5, 11, 13–14, 15,
21, 24, 33–4, 47
defeat at Vilna 66
Eastern Front 35–6
home front 62, 68
Italian Front 47, 90–1, 107–8
prior to the Great War 6–7
settlement 117
verge of collapse 49
automobiles 19

A
Adalia 117
Afghanistan 12
Africa 4, 12, 13, 18, 29, 42
Agadir crisis (1911) 22
agriculture 27, 59, 72
air bombardment 85–6
air photography 82
aircraft 19, 82, 85–6, 93, 106,
115
Aisne 84, 102
Alexandra, Czarina of Russia
61
Allenby, General Sir Edmund
93–4
Alsace-Lorraine 4, 10, 31, 78,
108, 114
Anatolia 48, 118
Arabian peninsula 95, 117
Arabic, SS 75
aristocracy 34, 47, 61
armaments industry 59–60,
85, 103
Armenia 43, 92
armistice (1918) 111–12
arms race 18–20
Arras (1917) 84–5
artillery 17, 52, 55, 61
arms race 18
counter-barrage 105
creeping barrage 83
improvements in 82–3
Ludendorff offensive 100,
102
mobile siege 30

B
Baghdad 92–3
Balfour Declaration (1917) 94
Balkan Wars 43, 45, 46
Balkans 11, 13–15, 21, 24, 45,
47, 48, 79
map xviii, see also individual
countries
Ballin, Albert 57
Baltic provinces 78–9, 96, 115
Basra 44, 92
125

The First World War

ignored in German military
planning 21–2
Ottoman Empire 43–5
popular hysteria against
Germany 37–9
population 4
prior to the Great War 2–3
Royal Navy 3, 13, 22, 40–1,
44, 63, 88
convoy system 85
Dardanelles campaign 46
German submarines 74, 75
settlement 116
successful siege economy 85,
see also Eastern Front;
Western Front; Middle
East
British Empire 38, 42, 44, 95–
6, 122, see also individual
imperial forces
Bruchmuller, Colonel Georg
87, 100, 102
Brusilov, General Alexei 61,
66–7, 82, 87
Bucharest, treaty of (1918) 96
Bulgaria 5, 14, 45–6, 47, 67,
108, 122
Bülow, General Karl von 32

Bavaria 110
Belgium 76, 78, 99, 108, 111
invasion of 22–5, 29, 30
Berlin, Congress of (1878) 11
Bethmann Hollweg, Theodore
von 23–4, 63, 76, 78, 98
Bismarck, Otto von 7, 9, 10–11
Black Hand terrorist group 14
black market 68
Bloch, Ivan, La Guerre Future
17, 18
blockade 40–1, 56–7, 60, 61,
62, 68, 73, 74
Boer War (1899–1902) 18
Bolshevism 108, 111, 114
Bosnia-Herzegovina 11, 13
bread riots 68, 69, 72, 87, 97
Brest-Litovsky, Treaty of
(March 1918) 51, 88, 96,
109
Briand, Aristide 84
Britain 28, 63
air force 86
army 33, 45, 85, 88, 90, 92,
106
artillery developments 83
Balkans 16
Boer War 18
civilian control of strategy
91–2
colonial warfare 42
declaration of war 24, 26
foreign policy 11–13
German air bombardment of
85–6
German propaganda against
10
German Question 118
home front 56–7, 58–60, 69

C
Cadorna, General Luigi 48, 91
Cambrai, battle of (1917) 90,
100
Canadian forces 42, 84, 90,
106
Cantigny, battle of (1918) 104
Caporetto, battle of (1917)
90–1, 100
126

evasion of 62
mass German 70
United States 103
Courland 99
Crimea 96
Croats 6, 117
Czechoslovakia 117
Czechs 6, 49, 78, 117, 118

Carpathians 36
casualties:
Austria-Hungary 36, 49, 62,
107, 122
Britain 84, 102, 106, 122
British Empire 122
civilian 74, 86
France 84, 106, 122
Germany 72, 103, 107, 122
Italy 48, 91, 122
at Passchendaele 90
Russia 35, 61, 66, 122
at sea 41
at the Somme 65, 66, 69
United States 104, 122
at Verdun 64
on Western Front 55
Catholic Church 4, 7, 47
Caucasus 43, 44, 45, 92, 96,
108
cavalry 94
Château-Thierry, battle of
(1918) 104
Chemin des Dames offensive
(1917) 84
child mortality rates 74
Churchill, Winston 45
Clausewitz, Karl von 1, 23
Clemenceau, Georges 60, 91,
107, 113, 118
coal 9, 44, 60, 75, 96, 114
colonial warfare 19, 41–3
communications 16, 19, 35, 53,
55, 83, 100
communism 107
Conrad von Hötzendorf,
General Count Franz 35,
62, 90–1
conscription 16, 19–20, 27, 58

D

E
East Prussia 34, 115
Eastern Front 32
campaigns (1914) 33–6
campaigns (1915) 48–51
campaigns (1916) 66–7, 82
campaigns (1917) 100
collapse of 87–8
map xvii, see also under
battles
Ebert, Friedrich 111
economy 40, 45, 56–7, 61, 68,
69, 85, 97
Egypt 43, 45, 92, 93
Erzberger, Mathias 112
Estonia 115
127

Index

Dalmatia 48
Dardanelles 44, 45, 46, 118
Defence of the Realm Act
(1914) 58
Denmark 73
desertion 87, 91, 105, 107
d’Esperey, General Louis
Franchet 108
Doullens conference 101
Dual Monarchy see AustriaHungary

tactical changes 82, see also
Western Front
François, General von 35
Franz Ferdinand, Archduke 14,
15
Franz-Joseph, Emperor of
Austria-Hungary 68
French, Field Marshal Sir John
31, 54, 55
fuel shortages 62, 68

The First World War

F
Falkenhayn, Erich von 32, 33,
48, 51, 70
Middle East campaign 93
Somme campaign 81
Verdun campaign 63–4
Fatherland Party (Germany)
98–9
Finland 96, 115
flame-throwers 64, 100
Foch, General Ferdinad 33,
101, 105, 106, 107, 111
food shortages 68, 70, 72, 74,
97, 98
food supply 62, 63, 69, 75
Fourteen Points (January
1918) 109, 114, 120–1
France 2, 99
army uniform 19
civilian control of strategy
91–2
colonies 41–2
conscription 19, 20
Dual Entente treaty with
Russia 11, 23
home front 56–7, 60, 69
investment in Russia 20, 114
l’entente cordiale 12
militant nationalism 15
peace terms 111–12
prior to the Great War 3–4
reason for fighting 28
Reinsurance Treaty 10, 11
reparations 116
settlement 113–14
stoical resignation 27
strikes 84
Sykes-Picot Agreement 94

G
Galicia 35, 49, 66, 87, 115
Gallipoli peninsula 46
gas attacks 52, 55, 64, 76, 100
Gaza 93
Germany 1–2, 6, 7–10, 28, 67
alliances with rivals 10–11
annexation of AlsaceLorraine 4
armistice 111–12
armistice with Russians
87–8
arms race 20
army 12, 16, 23, 30, 105, 107,
110–1, 115
atrocities 30–1, 50, 51, 81
colonies 42
constitutional reform 110
empire 51, 70, 96, 99, 115
extreme peace terms 78–9
Home Front 56–8, 69–70,
72, 97–9, 110
invasion of Belgium 22–4,
29
invasion of Serbia 47
Italian Front 90–1
navy 10, 12, 21–2, 40–1, 44,
128

subordinated to French
command 83–4
usurpation of authority 91–2
Hamburg 97
Hamel 106
Hentsch, Colonel 32
Hindenburg, Paul von 34–5,
49, 51, 63, 64, 70, 71, 110
‘Hindenburg Line’ 81, 106
Hitler, Adolf 116, 117
Hoffmann, Colonel Max 35
Hohenzollern dynasty 7
Holland 30, 73, 111
Horthy, Admiral 117
House, Colonel 77
Hungary 2, 6, 62, 117
Hutier, General Oskar von 100

I
India 4, 12, 42, 44, 96
Indian forces 43, 92
industry:
blockades 73
Britain 2
Germany 7, 9
mobilization of 59–60, 60
raw materials 57–8, 60, 68,
73
Russia 4, 5
United States 103
infantry 53, 66, 82, 83, 100–1,
106
intelligence 19, 32, 51, 86
Iraq 117
Ireland 22, 74
Italian Front 90–1, 107–8
Italy 2, 6, 10–11, 14, 28, 29, 78,
90, 120

H
Habsburgs 6, 68, 107, 117
Haig, Sir Douglas 54, 55, 100
Arras 84
Ludendorff offensive 101,
102
Passchendaele 88–90
remarkable recovery of 106
Somme 65, 66, 69
129

Index

72–6, 85, 95, 97, 110, 111,
115
Ottoman Empire and 43
popular hysteria against
Britain 39–40
population 4, 19
Reichstag 7, 10, 20, 70, 76,
78, 79, 97, 98, 99, 110, 111
revolution 110
right-wing political
movement 98–9
‘September Programme’
draft 36, 70
settlement 113–16
support for Austria-Hungary
21
war aims 23, see also Eastern
Front; Western Front
Goltz, Colmar von der 29
Gorlice-Tarnow 49, 63
Gouraud, General Henri 105
Greece 5, 14, 43, 45, 46, 47,
108, 118
grenades 83, 100
Grey, Sir Edward 22
Groener, General Wilhelm 110,
111
Gumbinnen 34

Lloyd George, David 60, 69,
83–4, 85, 89
and strategic conduct of the
war 90, 91, 92, 93, 100,
118
Locarno Agreement (1924) 114
Lodz 36
London 45, 85, 86
London, Treaty of (1915) 48,
78, 118
Loos 54–5
Lorraine 103, 107
Louvain 31
Ludendorff, Erich 34–5, 49, 51,
63, 64, 70, 71, 78
Allies counter-attack against
105–7
appalled by the Somme 81
armistice negotiations 108,
110
dismissed 110
Western Front offensive
99–105
Lusitania, SS 74
Luxembourg 32, 99
Lys valley offensive 102

Adalia 117–18
casualties 122
enters war 47–8

J
Japan 5, 12, 13, 18, 20, 42
Jerusalem 92, 93
Jews 22, 94, 116
Joffre, General Joseph 31–2,
33, 54, 60, 63–4, 69
Junkers 7, 9
Jutland, battle of (1916) 41

The First World War

K
Karl, Emperor of AustriaHungary 68, 107
Kerensky, Alexander 87
Keynes, John Maynard 116
Kiel 97
Kitchener, Lord 40, 45, 52, 58
Kluck, General von 31, 32
Kreuznach Programme 99
Kut-el-Amara 93

L
Latvia 115
Lausanne, Treaty of (1923) 118
Lawrence, Colonel T. E. 94
League of Nations 113, 114, 115
Lebanon 117
Leinster, SS 109
Lenin, Vladimir 87–8, 96
Lettow-Vorbeck, Paul von 42
Libya 14
Liddell Hart, Basil Henry 101
Lissauer, Ernst 39
Lithuania 99, 115

M
Macedonia 45, 108
machine guns 52, 65, 82, 83,
100
Mackensen, General August
von 49
Magyars 6
Mangin, General Charles 105
Marne:
first battle of the (1914) 31–2,
105
130

Orthodox Church 5
Ottoman Empire 5, 14, 43–7,
78, 92–4
casualties 122
Caucasus 108
Russia’s defeat and 95–6
settlement 117–18

second battle of (1918) 105
materiel 57, 72, 77, 111
Max, Prince of Baden 108–9
Megiddo, battle of (1918) 93–4
merchant shipping 72, 74, 85
Messines ridge offensive (1917)
89
Mexico 79
Michaelis, Georg 98
Middle East xxi, 92–4, 117–18
militarism 9, 22, 31, 40, 115
mobilization 16, 20, 24, 28,
59–60
civilian resources 69, 70
United States 103
Moltke, Helmuth von 30, 32
Montenegro 14, 121
Morocco 13
mortars 83, 100
Mountbatten family 39
mutinies 84, 97, 107, 110

P

N
Napoleonic wars 1, 40, 45
nationalism 6, 15, 19, 27
neutrality 22, 24, 47, 79
New Zealand forces 42, 46
Nice 29
Nicholas, Grand Duke 34, 61
Nicholas II, Czar of Russia 24,
34, 61, 69, 87
Nivelle, General Robert 69, 82,
84

O
Oberost region 51, 70
Odessa 44
oil 44, 67, 92, 96
131

Index

pacifism 27
Palestine 93–4, 117
Paris, bombardment of 102
Paris Conference (1919) 113–18
Passchendaele, battle of (1917)
88–90
patriotism 69, 97
peace initiatives 78, 97–8, 107,
108, 111
armistice 111–12
Fourteen Points 109, 114,
120–1
Pershing, General John J. 95,
103, 105, 107, 111
Persia 12
Persian Gulf xxi, 44, 92
Pétain, General Philippe 64,
84, 91, 101
Petrograd 62, 69, 87
Poincaré, Raymond 60
poison gas, see gas attacks
Poland 6, 23, 35–6, 51, 70, 78,
96, 99, 114–15
Posen 115
Princip, Gavril 14
prisoners-of-war 35
Austrian 66, 107, 108
British 93
French 102

Rupprecht of Bavaria, Prince
110
Russia 2, 28, 48, 114
Balkans 11, 13–14, 15, 21
Brest-Litovsk treaty 51, 88,
96, 109
conscription 20
Dual Entente treaty with
France 11, 23
Eastern Front 33–4, 49, 66
home front 60–2, 68–9
mobilization 24
Ottoman Empire 44, 45
pogroms 22
prior to the Great War 4–6
revolutions and armistice
87–8
Triple Entente with Britain
12, 22
Russo-Japanese War (1904–5)
5, 12, 18, 20
Ruthenes 6, 49

The First World War

German 105, 106
Italian 91
Russian 49
Prittwitz, General von 34
profiteers 68
propaganda 10, 28–9, 39–40
Allied 52, 75
Communist 107
German 74
Prussia 2, 7, 9, 23, 30, 34, 38,
57, 96, 115, 120
Przemysl, fortress of 36
public opinion 12, 15, 22, 24,
27, 28, 31, 37, 53, 75, 76,
111

R
railways 16, 19, 20, 94, 105
Rapallo conference (1917) 91
Rasputin, Grigoriy 61
Rathenau, Walther 57
rationing 58, 60, 85
reconnaissance operations 19,
86
refugees 25, 30, 51, 61
Reims 105
Rennenkampf, General 34, 35
reparations 96, 115–16
Representation of the People
Act (1918) 59
Rhineland 114, 116
Riga offensive (1917) 100
Robertson, Sir William Robert
92
Romania 6, 49, 67, 78, 96,
117
Roosevelt, Theodore 76
Royal Air Force 86

S
Saar basin 114
sabotage 94
St Mihiel, battle of (1918) 107
Salonica 46, 47
Samsonov, General Alexander
34, 35
Saudi Arabia 117
Savoy 29
Scandinavia 73, 75
Scapa Flow 41
Scheer, Admiral Rheinhard 41
Scheidemann, Philipp 111
Schleiffen, Alfred von 18, 20,
23, 29, 49
132

U
Ukraine 96
uniforms 9, 19
United States 2, 31, 72, 74, 75,
97, 118
Allied supplies 63
armed neutrality 79
British foreign policy and
12–13
campaigns 103–4, 105, 107
enters war 80, 81, 95, 102
isolationism 76–8
mobilization 104
and Russian revolution 87
settlement 113–14

T
tactics:
attrition 49, 63, 66, 91
defensive 52–3
modern technology 106
133

Index

shock 100–1
Western Front developments
81–3
tanks 82, 106, 115
Tannenberg, battle of (1914) 35
telegraphs 16
terrorism 5, 14
Thrace 118
Tirpitz, Admiral Graf von 22,
40
Townsend, Major-General
Charles 93
trade unions 70
Transjordan 117
transportation 16, 19, 20, 61–2,
94, 105
Transylvania 117
trench warfare 33, 52, 82, 83,
100
Trieste 117
Trotsky, Leon 96
Turkey see Ottoman Empire

Seeckt, Colonel Hans von 49
Serbia 5, 13–14, 15, 21, 24, 29,
33, 35, 45, 46, 47, 78, 108,
117
Slavs 5, 6, 14, 20, 21, 28, 78
Slovaks 6, 78, 117, 118
Slovenia 48, 117
Smuts, Jan Christian 42
Smyrna 118
Social Democrats 10, 70, 76,
111
socialism 10, 69, 97, 116
Soissons 81, 102
Somme, battle of the (1916) 37,
55, 64–6, 69, 70, 72, 81,
82, 83, 89, 90, 102
South Africa 18, 42
South Tyrol 6, 48
Soviet Union 118
Spain 2, 12
Spee, Admiral Graf von 41
storm troops 100–1
strikes 68, 97, 107
submarine warfare 41, 63,
72–6, 84–5, 88, 95, 109
Sudetenland 117
Suez Canal 93
suffrage 59, 110
Suffragette movement 58–9
Sykes-Picot Agreement (1916)
94
Syria 94, 117

campaigns (1917) 81–5,
88–90
campaigns (1918) 99–105
map xvi, see also under
battles
Wilhelm II, Kaiser 7–9, 24, 63,
98, 108, 110, 111
Wilson, General Sir Henry 92
Wilson, President Woodrow
80, 103, 107, 108–9, 113,
115, 118
Fourteen Points 109, 114,
120–1
peace efforts 76, 77–8
women:
mortality rates 74
war effort 58–9
working class 28, 58–9, 70

shipbuilding 85
Spanish-American war 2, 12
Upper Silesia 115

The First World War

V
Venizelos, Eleutherios 46, 47
Verdun campaign (1916) 60,
62–5, 69, 70, 72, 81, 82,
83, 84
Versailles, Treaty of (1919)
113–19
Vienna 6, 14, 47, 62, 96, 107,
113
Vilna 51, 66
Vimy Ridge (1917) 84
Vittorio Veneto 108
volunteers 42, 54, 56, 58, 59,
61

Y

W

Ypres battles 32–3, 36, 52,
88–90, 102
Yudenich, General Nikolai 92
Yugoslavia 117, 118

Wagner, Richard 39
West Prussia 115
Western Front:
campaigns (1914) 45
campaigns (1915) 52–5
campaigns (1916) 37, 55,
60, 62–5, 64–6, 69, 70,
72, 81, 82, 83, 84, 89, 90,
102

Z
Zemstva 61
Zeppelins 86
Zimmerman, Arthur 79

134

