African History: A Very Short Introduction

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE
John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE
Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF
ASTRONOMY Michael Hoskin
Atheism Julian Baggini
Augustine Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS
Anthony Wright
Buddha Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY
Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard

THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
Continental Philosophy
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES
Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
Darwin Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
Democracy Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
Ethics Simon Blackburn
The European Union
John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard

FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
Freud Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM
Malise Ruthven
Galileo Stillman Drake
Gandhi Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES
Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION
Bernard Wood
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
Indian Philosophy
Sue Hamilton
Intelligence Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL
MIGRATION Khalid Koser
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
Jung Anthony Stevens
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY
Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn

LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
Myth Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
paul E. P. Sanders
Philosophy Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden

PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
Psychology Gillian Butler and
Freda McManus
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE
Germaine Greer

SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
Socrates C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM
Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian D. Richards
Wittgenstein A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
1066 George Garnett
ANTISEMITISM Steven Beller
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
EXPRESSIONISM
Katerina Reed-Tsocha
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE
Nicholas Boyle

HUMAN RIGHTS
Andrew Clapham
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
MEMORY Jonathan Foster
MODERN CHINA
Rana Mitter
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
TYPOGRAPHY Paul Luna

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

John Parker and Richard Rathbone

AFRICAN
HISTORY
A Very Short Introduction

1

3

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford o x 2 6 d p
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© John Parker and Richard Rathbone 2007
The moral rights of the authors have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published as a Very Short Introduction 2007
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organizations. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose this same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
Typeset by ReﬁneCatch Ltd, Bungay, Suffolk
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire
ISBN 978–0–19–280248–4
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2

Contents

List of illustrations ix
List of maps

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

xi

The idea of Africa

1

Africans: diversity and unity

25

Africa’s past: historical sources
Africa in the world

48

70

Colonialism in Africa

91

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

114

Memory and forgetting, past and present 135
References

151

Further reading 155
Index

161

This page intentionally left blank

List of illustrations

1

The
Mediterranean-centred
world
6

7 Three ofﬁcials of the
Omani government
of Zanzibar

akg-images

2 A house in Jenne

18

Casa das Áfricas, Brazil

3 Terracotta ﬁgure of
a mounted warrior

21

Werner Forman Archive.
Courtesy of Entwistle Gallery,
London

8 President E. J. Roye of
Liberia
37
The Library of Congress

9 Shaka Zulu
4 Tuareg horsemen

35

The Humphrey Winterton
Collection of East African
Photographs, Melville J.
Herskovits Library of African
Studies, Northwestern University

41

The British Library

23

Casa das Áfricas, Brazil

10
5 A signar, or ‘woman
of colour of Senegal’

Priests of the Ethiopian
Orthodox Church
52
Mary Evans Picture Library

30

The British Library

11
6 A commando of
National Party
supporters
Photograph by David
Goldblatt

Translating the Bible in
Abokobi, Gold Coast 55
Archives Mission 21: Basel
Mission ref. QD-32.032.0005

33
12

Kuba royal statue
The Trustees of the British
Museum

66

13

Capuchin missionary
in the kingdom of
Kongo

21
74

Biblioteca civica centrale di
Torino, Sezione Manoscritti
e rari

14

22 A student at Yaba
College, Lagos

A slave cofﬂe

80

Biography of
Mahommah G.
Baquaqua

23 Voting in Accra

Zanzibar’s ivory
market

89

Mahdist commander
Mahmud Ibn Ahmad 98

24 Demonstration in
Southern Rhodesia

Apolo Kaggwa and
Ham Mukasa

25

Rialto Pictures/Photofest

26 African American
politics in Harlem

27
104

Laying railway tracks
in the Belgian Congo 105
Mary Evans Picture Library

20 Saint-Louis, Senegal,
1900
108
Casa das Áfricas, Brazil

The Battle of Algiers 123

131

The Library of Congress

The National Portrait Gallery,
London

19

121

SVT Bild/Das Fotoarchiv

Mary Evans Picture Library

18

119

By permission of the Syndics
of Cambridge University
Library

84

The Humphrey Winterton
Collection of East African
Photographs, Melville J.
Herskovits Library of African
Studies, Northwestern University

17

117

By permission of the Syndics
of Cambridge University
Library

The Library of Congress

16

112

Archives Mission 21: Basel
Mission ref. E-30.29.048

The Library of Congress

15

King Njoya of
Bamum

Dancers in
Johannesburg

133

Photograph by Jürgen
Schadeberg

28 UNITA in Huambo

140

Fred Bridgland/Hulton
Archive/Getty Images

29 ‘Le chef ’, by Samuel
Fosso

144

Courtesy of J. M. Patras, Paris

The publisher and the authors apologize for any errors or omissions
in the above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at
the earliest opportunity.

List of maps

1

Africa: main physical features 13

2

The present-day nation-states of Africa 15

3

The Middle Niger region of West Africa 17

4

Colonial empires in Africa before 1914 95

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
The idea of Africa

This book is a very short introduction to a very big topic. In fact, it is
a very short introduction to two very big topics. On the one hand, it
is about a place and its people: Africa. On the other, it is about the
past of that place, as it has been envisaged by Africans and written
about by historians. The sheer scale of both place and past is
colossal. Africa: an entire continent, in terms of language and
culture the world’s most diverse, stretching from the southern
shores of the Mediterranean to the Cape of Good Hope and today
comprising over 50 separate nations. The cradle of mankind, where
humans ﬁrst evolved and from where they fanned out to settle the
earth, Africa also possesses a recoverable history stretching back
ﬁve millennia to the earliest of the world’s ancient civilizations, that
of pharaonic Egypt.
To provide even the sparest chronological outline of this history as it
unfolded across the diverse regions of the continent is way beyond
our scope here. Besides, it would be as dry as the dust that each year
the harmattan wind blows south from the Sahara desert,
discolouring skies from Senegal to Sudan. There are already many
volumes that provide overviews of African history, or of different
parts of it. We recommend a selection of these at the end of the
book. Rather, our aim is to reﬂect upon the changing ways that the
African past has been imagined and represented. That said, we have
not focused exclusively on history as the representation of the past
1

African History

to the exclusion of history as a sequence of actual events. Our
arguments are illustrated by a range of events and processes drawn
from across the continent, as well as from the African diaspora
beyond its shores. From these examples, hopefully, will emerge
some of the main issues, problems, and debates that have arisen
from the study of the African past. These issues are critical not just
for an understanding of Africa, but for an understanding of the
entire discipline of history.
Neither is it simply the physical immensity of Africa coupled with
the great depth and diversity of its past that makes our topic such a
challenging one. It is also because the notion of ‘African history’
itself has been so controversial and contested: dismissed as
unimportant by some, embraced as an ideological weapon by
others, and all the time stubbornly resistant to precise deﬁnition.
This last point may appear strange. Africa, as we have just stated, is
a continent, and its past is what constitutes African history. But
does a continent possess ‘a history’? It is almost inconceivable that a
book similar to this will be written on, say, ‘Asian history’ or
‘European history’. Underlying the idea of a singular African history
is the assumption that the continent possesses some kind of
essential unity beyond the mere geographic, a unity that not only
binds it together but that also sets it apart from other parts of the
world.
Here, from the outset, the question of race enters the picture,
because African history has often been seen as the history of black
people. This raises a number of questions. Should African history be
that of the entire continental landmass, encompassing the regions
both north and south of the Sahara desert, and thereby including
many peoples who are not demonstrably ‘black’? Or is African
history essentially that of sub-Saharan or ‘black Africa’? If the latter,
then should it encompass the tens of millions of Africans who have
lived and died outside the continent, predominantly in the black
diaspora created in the Americas and in Asia by the trade in slaves?
Beyond the issue of inclusion and exclusion, there is a further
2

question. Is African history in its essence the same as that of other
peoples or parts of the world, subject to the same ‘universal truths’
and amenable to the same methods of scholarly analysis? Or does
the particularity of Africa demand that its past be studied according
to its own logic, or even to the diverse logics of its myriad
constituent parts? How ‘African’, in other words, is African history?

These racial perceptions were part and parcel of the era of
European imperialism and were mobilized to justify the conquest
and partition of Africa at the end of the 19th century. Despite the
collapse of pseudo-scientiﬁc racial hierarchies and of colonial
empires in the aftermath of the Second World War, doubts over the
validity of an African history continued to be voiced into the second
half of the 20th century – including, notoriously, by some leading
(European) members of the history profession. The doubters were
wrong about the absence of historical consciousness. African
peoples have long had their own perceptions of the past and their
own ways of remembering it. African history is not simply
something that is ‘done’ in modern universities. But the recent
acceptance of the African past as a legitimate part of the academic
discipline – like that of other colonized peoples, of women, of the
3

The idea of Africa

Historians from both inside and outside the continent continue to
debate these issues. Again, this may seem surprising. What does it
say about the study of African history that scholars are divided over
such fundamental deﬁnitions? A partial answer to this question lies
in the fact that although African history is a huge topic, it is also a
very new one. As a recognized academic endeavour, it has emerged
only in the last four or ﬁve decades. In the 19th and the ﬁrst half of
the 20th century, as the modern discipline of history became
established in Western universities, the general European
perception was that Africa, especially sub-Saharan Africa, had no
history to speak of. Not only were its societies regarded as primitive
and unchanging, they were believed, due in large part to the
widespread absence of literacy, to possess no collective historical
consciousness.

poor, of the hitherto voiceless and the marginalized generally – has
been a crucial breakthrough in the recognition of the diversity of
human history.

African History

The invention of Africa
Before we begin to consider the contours of African history, we
must ﬁrst examine those of Africa itself. The two are not easily
separated, because to think about Africa as a place, we must think
historically. In recent decades, historians and other scholars, many
of whom are increasingly suspicious of received wisdoms, have
begun to scrutinize and to ‘un-package’ a range of political, social,
and ideological entities that for a long time have simply been taken
for granted. Some of this un-packaging has been directed towards
the ways in which societies and individuals have seen themselves in
the world, and has sought to demonstrate that such visions are
more complex and more prone to change than has been assumed. It
has also been concerned with the ways in which certain cultures
have seen others, especially with how Europe or ‘the West’ has
perceived the peoples of Asia, Africa, the Americas, and elsewhere.
In addition to complexity and change, the emphasis here has been
on how these perceptions say as much about the viewer as the
viewed. They can also be seen to have been shaped by the dynamics
of imperial power.
A groundbreaking work in this vein was Edward Said’s Orientalism
(1978), which examined the European vision of an exotic, decadent,
and corrupted ‘orient’, including North Africa. Said has been much
criticized for constructing in turn an inverted orientalism (or
‘occidentalism’) by assuming the existence of a monolithic
European worldview. Yet his thesis, if ﬂawed, has been inﬂuential,
prompting a range of works reﬂecting on visions of the world with
titles such as Imagining India, by Ronald Inden, and The Invention
of Africa, by the Congolese philosopher V. Y. Mudimbe. How was
Africa invented? And by whom? The short answer, according to
Mudimbe, is that the idea of Africa was initially fashioned not by
4

Africans but by non-Africans, as a ‘paradigm of difference’. Africa,
in other words, has served as an exotic prism through which
outsiders, mainly Europeans, refracted images of ‘the other’ and of
themselves.
There is much evidence to support this view. Before the 20th
century, very few of Africa’s inhabitants thought of themselves as
‘Africans’. The origin of the word itself can be traced back to the
nexus of classical civilizations in the ancient Mediterranean. It
was the Greeks who ﬁrst envisaged a three-way division of the
Mediterranean world, calling its southern shores Libya as
opposed to Asia to the east and Europa to the northwest.
Between Libya and Asia lay ‘Egypt’ (another Greek word), whose
great river, the Nile, was seen by ancient geographers as dividing
the two realms.

The Portuguese voyages of the ‘age of discovery’ not only served
to expand European knowledge of Africa, they also initiated a
process that would transform European thinking about Africans.
The context for this transformation was the transatlantic slave
5

The idea of Africa

For the Greeks, the term ‘Libyans’ (Libyes) seems to have had a
vague racial connotation, as it was used to distinguish the peoples of
the Mediterranean coast from darker-skinned ‘Ethiopians’ (from
Aithiops, lit. ‘burnt-faced’) to the south. Greek observers divided the
Libyans into numerous ‘tribes’, one of which, that around the
Phoenician outpost of Carthage (in modern Tunisia), later Roman
sources refer to as the Afri. Africa, ‘the land of the Afri’, was
originally applied in a strictly limited sense to the Roman province
created after the conquest of Carthage in 146 bc. Following the
demise of the Roman empire and the Arab conquest of North Africa
in the 7th century ad, the same coastal region became known, in
Arabic, as ‘Ifriqiya’. But it was only from the 15th century, when
Portuguese mariners brought the outline of Africa into the purview
of Europe, that the term was generally applied to the entire
continent.

African History

1. The tripartite vision of the Mediterranean-centred world. A so-called
medieval ‘T map’, from an 11th-century Leipzig codex, with the Nile
river indicated on the frontier of Asia; Carthage, Numidia, Libya, and
‘Mauri’ in North Africa; and, at the outer extremities of the known
world, ‘Ethiopia’, ‘Scotia’, and ‘Anglia’

trade. Slavery had been a prominent feature of the classical
Mediterranean world and had continued in various forms in
medieval Europe. It also existed in the Muslim world, including
North Africa, and in sub-Saharan Africa itself. Yet it was the
Atlantic slave trade, which between the 16th and the 19th centuries
involved the forced migration of some 12 million Africans to the
Americas, that forged an explicit link in European minds between
racial inferiority, enslavement, and Africa. We will return to slavery
and the slave trade in Chapter 4. The point to be noted here is that
6

the modern idea of Africa emerged, in many ways, from the
dehumanizing crucible of Atlantic slavery.

The idea of Europe, as recent research on the Middle Ages shows,
was as much an act of imagination as that of Africa. Neither were
Europeans the only outsiders to ‘discover’ the continent. The others
were Muslim Arabs, who in the seven decades following the death
of the Prophet Muhammad in 632 ad swept out of the Arabian
peninsula, conquering the whole of coastal North Africa, and in 711
extending their rule over Spain and Portugal. North Africa, which in
Roman times had been an early centre of Christianity, became
predominantly Muslim. The majority of its indigenous Egyptian
and Berber peoples converted to Islam, mixing with the inﬂux of
Arab migrants to create distinctively North African cultures and
political dynasties. Muslim geographers to some extent inherited
the tripartite division of the known world from Greek thought, but
this was overlaid with a more fundamental worldview based on
7

The idea of Africa

It was from that crucible, moreover, that Africans themselves ﬁrst
began to appropriate the idea of Africa. The ﬁrst to do so were
Western-educated intellectuals from the black diaspora, men like
the celebrated anti-slave trade campaigner Olaudah Equiano and
19th-century African Americans like Alexander Crummell, Martin
Delany, and Edward W. Blyden. Able to perceive Africa because of
their very removal from it, these thinkers laid the foundations of
what came to be known as ‘pan-Africanism’. They did so by
appropriating not just the idea of Africa, but also the 19th-century
European language of race. In early pan-Africanist thought, Africa
– or ‘Ethiopia’, as the continent continued sometimes to be called –
was seen as the home of a distinctive people, the ‘Negro race’. It was
only towards the end of the 19th century that these ideas began to
develop within Africa itself, emerging ﬁrst among the literate,
English-speaking communities of the trading towns of coastal West
Africa. By then, the continent stood on the cusp of European
colonial conquest, a condition that would further consolidate for
many what it meant to be African.

African History

faith. Thus, North Africa became an integral part of the Dar
al-Islam, the abode of Islam, while the region across the Sahara
desert to the south lay in the Dar al-Kufr, the abode of unbelief,
sometimes called the Dar al-Harb, the realm of war.
By the end of the ﬁrst millennium, camel-riding Berber and Arab
traders had begun to forge links across the Sahara with what they
called the bilad as-Sudan, ‘the lands of the blacks’. With trade came
Islam itself, attracting converts from amongst the commercial and
the ruling elites of West Africa’s savanna kingdoms and serving to
blur the Muslim distinction between the realms of belief and
unbelief. A similar process was underway on Africa’s eastern coast,
which became connected into Muslim networks of maritime trade
in the Indian Ocean. Like later Atlantic commerce, trans-Saharan
and Indian Ocean trade also included the export of slaves, although
for Muslims it was ‘paganism’ rather than skin colour that remained
the principal justiﬁcation for enslavement. Yet medieval Arabic
writing on the bilad as-Sudan, even that by sophisticated thinkers
such as the famous North African historian Ibn Khaldun, often
expresses a disdain for ‘primitive’ Africans that goes beyond their
status as pagans. For Muslim North Africans too, black Africa was
conceived as a ‘paradigm of difference’.
North Africa has in turn presented a problem for those who have
sought to deﬁne Africa and the ‘black race’. Europeans in the age of
imperialism may have perceived the region as part of a decaying
orient, as Said argues. But it was still seen to lie within the realm
of history – in contrast with the timeless primitiveness of ‘tribal’
Africa to the south. Amongst 19th-century pan-Africanists –
most of whom believed that Africa’s ‘redemption’ would come
through conversion to Christianity – the issue often turned on
differing attitudes towards Islam. Some, such as Blyden, had a
highly favourable view of the religion; others regarded it as part
of the problem, due to some extent to its ongoing association
with slavery. Victorian racial myths also gave rise to the ‘Hamitic
hypothesis’ (from the biblical Ham, the son of Noah): the notion
8

that fair-skinned invaders from the north were responsible for the
diffusion of whatever cultural achievement was deemed to exist
in black Africa. This theory too was assimilated by many early
pan-Africanists, anxious to draw black people into the universal
history from which they had been barred by establishing a link
between African culture and the Middle Eastern origins of
Christianity.

Other scholars argue for the inclusion of the diaspora, insisting that
African history, far from stopping neatly at the edge of the
continent, reaches out into what has been called the ‘black Atlantic’.
None of these approaches are right or wrong. We have already
noted the importance of the diaspora in the formulation of the idea
of Africa, and will return later to debates over its broader role in the
African past. With regard to North Africa, culturally, historically,
and even geographically, the region can be seen to be as much a part
9

The idea of Africa

The 19th-century notion that humankind can be divided into
discrete races has now been abandoned by geneticists and
historians alike. So too, by and large, have grand theories suggesting
the diffusion of some kind of essentialized ‘African civilization’. The
problem of deﬁning Africa, however, persists, as is suggested by a
comparison of recent textbooks by two of the continent’s leading
historians. John Iliffe’s Africans: The History of a Continent, as its
subtitle indicates, treats African history as that of the entire
continent, north and south of the Sahara. Frederick Cooper’s Africa
since 1940, in contrast, ignores North Africa, limiting its scope to
the sub-Saharan region, and by doing so implying that it is the latter
that represents what is distinctive about African history. At the
other end of the continent, South Africa, with its history of white
settlement and industrialization, also sits uncomfortably in many
textbooks: Iliffe consigns its modern history to a self-contained
chapter at the end of his work. Both books, as is conventional,
include the huge Indian Ocean island of Madagascar as part of
Africa – although both, as is also conventional, have very little to
say about it.

of the Mediterranean world, of southwest Asia, or of the Middle
East as it is a part of Africa. Yet it is, we would argue, at least that.
‘Races’, ‘tribes’, ‘kinship systems’, and a variety of other frameworks
into which outside observers have squeezed African societies have
now been abandoned or questioned. But too much progress has
been made since the 1950s in the recovery of the continent’s past to
abandon the idea of Africa itself.

African History

The lie of the land: environment and history
‘Africa’ may well be an invented idea. But it is also a physical reality:
a diverse range of environments and landscapes that have formed
the context for its human history. Environmental history has been
very much in vogue in recent years. Its prominence is due in part to
escalating concerns about global climate change, population
growth, famine, and ecological crisis. John Iliffe’s Africans,
published in 1995, takes as its organizing theme the continent’s
demographic history, placing great emphasis on the role of Africans
as the ‘frontiersmen who have colonized an especially hostile region
of the world on behalf of the entire human race’. The building of
enduring societies in a harsh environment of ‘ancient rocks, poor
soils, ﬁckle rainfall, abundant insects, and unique prevalence of
disease’, Iliffe argues, represents a triumph against adversity.
Yet that triumph has been hard-won, for it has come at a cost of
great human suffering and of Africa’s ongoing poverty. ‘It is
time for understanding’, he insists, ‘for reﬂection on the place
of contemporary problems in the continent’s long history’.
That our perceptions of the past are determined by the concerns of
the present is a common and even clichéd observation. Famously,
Edward Gibbon’s Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, one of
the foundation stones of modern history writing, has been
interpreted as reﬂecting late 18th-century anxieties about the
decline of the British empire. Perhaps. But there is no doubt that
the ﬁeld of African history has been inﬂuenced by the ﬂuctuating
fortunes of the continent over the last 50 years. Inspired by the
10

liberation struggles against colonial rule and by the building of
independent nations, the pioneering generation of historians in the
1960s tended to focus their attention on political history –
especially that of indigenous African states. In the 1970s, as
political turmoil and economic decline became the order of the
day, economic history came to the fore. This in turn was succeeded
by a growing interest in social history, that is, the lived experience
of ordinary people rather than a narrow focus on the actions of
‘great men’.

How, then, does Africa look? In terms of topography, it is less
extreme than other continents. Mountainous regions do exist:
mainly the Atlas mountains of Morocco and Algeria, and the spine
of highlands running from Eritrea south through the Rift Valley, the
Great Lakes region, and on to the Drakensberg in South Africa.
Famously, Mount Kilimanjaro’s snow-capped summit rises 5,895
metres above the equator – although in these times of global
warming its white cap is visibly retreating. But only 4% of the
continent lies above 1,500 metres, and half of that is in the
Abyssinian highlands of Ethiopia and Eritrea. The core of the
continent is a massive plateau of ancient rocks, elevated towards the
east but dominated by a series of vast alluvial ﬂatlands. Like Africa’s
11

The idea of Africa

We will return at various points to this trajectory, including the
most recent ‘turn’ towards cultural and intellectual history. The
historiography of Africa has, of course, been more complex than
that: more a set of overlapping and contested perspectives than
the linear evolution outlined here. Yet it reminds us that ways of
thinking about Africa continue to evolve. And this goes for
something as apparently solid as the physical environment
itself. As James McCann writes in a recent survey of the topic,
‘environmental and landscape history is also, to a large degree,
the history of ideas, perceptions, and prescriptions about what
historical African cultures and colonial governments felt about
how land should look’. We haven’t yet ﬁnished, in other words,
with invented or imagined ideas about Africa.

rocks, its soils are ancient – and many, for the purposes of
agriculture, are very poor.

African History

Outside its more fragmented eastern highlands, Africa’s ecology
changes dramatically in a sequence of lateral bands as rainfall levels
decline either side of the equator. Northwards, the equatorial
rainforest of the Congo basin and the West African coast gives way
to woodland and then savanna grassland, which in turn are
succeeded by the semi-arid Sahel, the vast expanse of the Sahara
desert, and ﬁnally the wetter Mediterranean littoral of North Africa.
South of the equator, the pattern is repeated, with savanna giving
way in the west to the Kalahari and Namib deserts and then the
temperate climate of South Africa’s Cape.
Many of these ecological zones have indeed proved tough-going for
human habitation. Challenging terrains, extreme climates, and high
levels of disease all contributed to Africa’s historically low
population levels. Scattered, mobile populations in turn limited the
ability of would-be state-builders to establish centralized political
power. But few historians these days would argue that the
environment actually determined the course of human events. This
was not always the case. Indeed, ‘environmental determinism’ was
central to European perceptions of Africa in the imperial age – as it
was to older Muslim perceptions of the tropics. That is, racial
characteristics were widely believed to have arisen from
environmental conditions, with the ‘enervating’ tropical climate
being a root cause of black African backwardness.
And no milieu was deemed to be more enervating than the
equatorial forest. Primeval, impenetrable, monotonous, and, above
all, dark, ‘the jungle’ was seen to have bred the most extreme
primitiveness. It was – and in many ways remains – the most
persistent popular myth about the African landscape. As a
metaphor for African ‘otherness’, it is present from Victorian travel
literature to Joseph Conrad’s famous novella Heart of Darkness
(1901), Duke Ellington’s ‘jungle music’ of the 1920s, and on to
12

Map 1. Africa: main physical features

contemporary reportage of political violence in the Democratic
Republic of Congo.

African History

Not only are Africa’s ecological zones hugely diverse, they have also
changed – and continue to change – over time, both in long-term
linear fashion and according to the rhythms of the yearly seasons.
Localized landscapes, moreover, are ‘anthropogenic’, that is, they
have been shaped by human action. The introduction of exotic food
crops has transformed farming systems: barley and wheat arrived in
the northeast from Asia thousands of years ago, bananas from
Southeast Asia in the ﬁrst millennium, and maize and cassava from
the Americas in the 1500s. Modern Africa also includes cityscapes
constructed of concrete, glass, wood, and corrugated iron, in which
nearly half of the continent’s people now reside.
Perhaps the most dramatic example of environmental change is the
drying out of the Sahara desert. About 10,000 years ago, tropical
Africa’s climate entered a period of high rainfall, which for some
ﬁve millennia created a Saharan landscape of lakes, rivers, and lush
grassland. This environment supported human habitation
throughout much of the region. Archaeological evidence has shown
that by the end of this epoch, Saharan populations had begun to
move from hunting, ﬁshing, and gathering to the domestication of
livestock and the cultivation of grain. They also began to produce
some of Africa’s earliest art, in the form of striking rock paintings
that can still be seen on the mountainous desert outcrops of the
Adrar des Iforas in Mali, and Ahaggar and Tassili in Algeria.
About 5,000 years ago, rainfall began to decline and over
succeeding millennia the Sahara became the great desert that we
know today. The process of desiccation impacted in a variety of ways
on human settlement, pushing pastoralist and agriculturalist
peoples, together with their new food-producing techniques,
southwards into East Africa and into the forest fringes of the west.
It forced others from the drying plains down into the fertile Nile
Valley, creating a concentration of population that facilitated the
14

Map 2. The present-day nation-states of Africa

emergence of Africa’s ﬁrst centralized kingdoms in upper and lower
Egypt. Most profoundly, desertiﬁcation threw up a formidable
barrier between sub-Saharan Africa and the Eurasian landmass,
whose cultures developed in relative isolation from one another
until the Sahara began again to be traversed following the
domestication of the camel by the beginning of the ﬁrst millennium.
Let’s now narrow our focus down to one location on the southern
fringes of that desert barrier, in order to think more about the idea
of Africa and the role of the environment in shaping its history.

African History

The Middle Niger: urbanism, civil society, and the
imperial tradition
In 1938, a schoolteacher and amateur archaeologist named Vieillard
had a poke around the site of an old settlement three kilometres
south of the town of Jenne, in the French West African colony of
Soudan (present-day Mali). Local Jenneké-speakers called the place
Jenne-jeno, ‘ancient Jenne’, one of numerous abandoned sites and
burial mounds dotting the ﬂoodplains of the great inland delta of the
Niger River. Vieillard’s report on the site sparked no interest, and
Jenne-jeno remained untouched by scholars and antiquity hunters
alike. It was not until 1977, 17 years after Mali’s independence, that
archaeological work there began. Three decades later, that work has
made Jenne-jeno one of the most important historical locations in
Africa. It contains no monumental ruins and, aside from a few
terracotta ﬁgurines, has yielded no spectacular artefacts. Excavations
have revealed, however, that Jenne-jeno was sub-Saharan Africa’s
oldest yet known urban centre, founded in the 3rd century bc and
occupied continuously for 1,600 years. Its discovery has rewritten
the history of the Middle Niger region and transformed our view of
Africa’s urban past. It has also challenged established thinking
about the emergence of towns and cities in a global context.
The story of Jenne-jeno serves to introduce some of the themes that
we will develop in later chapters: the question of identities, the
16

problem of sources, and the tension between internal and external
dynamics in African history. By extending the recoverable history of
the Middle Niger back over 2,000 years, it also demonstrates the
possibilities and the problems of applying to Africa the insights of
the so-called Annales school of history pioneered in France in the
ﬁrst half of the 20th century: the importance of deep-rooted
currents over the longue durée (the long term) and of mentalité, the
distinctive ‘mentality’ of a particular time and place.
The middle reaches of the Niger River have long been central to
perceptions of Africa. Lying within what Arabic-speakers called the
Sahel (literally ‘shore’), the arid southern fringe of the Sahara, it was
associated with the succession of three empires that dominated
the political landscape of the western Sudan from the 8th to the
16th century: Ghana, Mali, and Songhay. Ghana ﬁrst enters the
historical record at the end of the 8th century via the accounts of
17

The idea of Africa

Map 3. The Middle Niger region of West Africa

2. Urban architecture as art form. A house in Jenne (in present-day Mali) in 1905: a ﬁne example of
the ‘sudanic style’ of mud-based architecture that stretches across the Sahel and savanna zones of
West Africa. Photograph by Edmond Fortier (1862–1928), French West Africa’s leading photographer
and postcard publisher in the early colonial period. Based in Dakar in Senegal, Fortier produced
some 3,300 images between 1900 and 1910

Muslim traders, drawn across the desert by the lucrative trade in
gold controlled by its rulers. Six centuries later, it was this
commerce that lured Portuguese mariners down the coast of
Guinea. Trans-Saharan exchange and Islamic statecraft
underpinned the process of sudanic empire-building, giving rise to
Ghana’s successors and to the entrepôt cities that emerged along
the desert fringe: Jenne, to the south of the inland delta, and, to the
north, the legendary Timbuktu.

Recent archaeological research, combined with that by historians,
art historians, and anthropologists, has forced a rethink of this
established narrative. First, the excavation of Jenne-jeno shows that
the emergence of towns in the Middle Niger occurred far earlier
than indicated by oral traditions and Arabic chronicles. Far from
being an isolated backwater, the region can now take its place as the
last of the world’s ancient urban civilizations to be discovered.
Second, the lingering assumption that it was external forces that
provided the catalyst for the development of ‘complex societies’ in
sudanic West Africa has now conclusively been disproved. Well
before the arrival of North African traders, Jenne-jeno was part of a
19

The idea of Africa

That, at least, is the old-fashioned version of events. Even before the
emergence of African history as an academic endeavour, the GhanaMali-Songhay sequence featured prominently in interpretations of
the continent’s past. For sympathetic colonial administrators, as
well as for pioneering African American scholars, it was these great
empires that most clearly emerged from the mists of time. For the
ﬁrst, so-called ‘nationalist’ generation of professional historians,
too, it was states that were all-important. Their concern was to
‘decolonize’ the past by demonstrating that Africa, far from being
the primitive tribal realm of European imperialist mythology, had a
long and noble tradition of state-building. Nowhere was this more
apparent than in the great sudanic empires such as Mali, which at
its apogee during the reign of the famous Mansa Musa (1312–37)
encompassed a vast domain and was renowned for its wealth and
power throughout Europe and the Muslim world.

Naming nations
The appropriation of historic names by new nations can be
confusing. Ironically, while the object was often to exorcize
European colonial nomenclature and to establish a link with
an authentic African past, some of these old names were
coined by outside observers. Egypt, Libya, and Ethiopia are
all originally Greek terms, while both Morocco and Mauritania (and the term ‘Moors’) are derived from the Roman word
for one of the ‘tribes’ of North Africa. The British colony of the
Gold Coast took the name Ghana at independence, although
this was the Arabic name for a state that appears to have been
called Wagadou by its own rulers (and which was thousands
African History

of miles from the Gold Coast in present-day Mali and Mauritania). With greater historical continuity, the French Soudan
became Mali, while only the eastern part of the ‘sudanic’ zone
(from bilad as-Sudan) retained the name Sudan. Perhaps the
most striking renaming of a postcolonial African state took
place when Haute Volta (‘Upper Volta’) combined words
from two indigenous languages to become Burkina Faso,
roughly translated as ‘the land of the incorruptible man’.

ﬂourishing regional network of trade. Third, the indigenous urban
culture that did emerge took a very particular form. In short, the
region’s ancient urban landscape contains no traces of the
monumental architecture that in other parts of the world point to
the centralization of political power and of ritual authority.
According to archaeologist Roderick McIntosh, the essence of
Middle Niger civilization was not hierarchy but pluralist
‘heterarchy’. Its real genius, in other words, may have been in the
ability to organize itself without recourse to coercive state power,
rather than in the glorious history of empire-building.
20

3. Terracotta ﬁgure of a mounted warrior excavated from a tumulus
in the Jenne region, 13th–14th century: the imperial tradition
personiﬁed. Cavalry technology was often crucial in the consolidation
of centralized political power in the savannas of West Africa

African History

The history of the Middle Niger over the longue durée has turned on
the skilful management of a challenging physical environment and
of an equally challenging human landscape. The former succeeded
in sustaining what McIntosh describes as ‘a vast alluvial garden
abutting the bleak Sahara’. The latter secured social harmony
through a process of ‘ethnic accommodation’, underpinned by a
cluster of core symbolic values shared between the various peoples
of the region: Soninke, Malinke, Bambara, and others. Prominent
amongst these values were the autonomy of the local village
community, or kafu, and notions of occult power, nyama. Over time
they coalesced into what came to be known as Mande culture.
Emerging from this deep reservoir of culture was what McIntosh
calls the imperial tradition. It was a northern branch of the Mande
cultural group, the Soninke, who dominated the kingdom of Ghana.
From the Mande heartland to the south arose another branch, the
Malinke, who in the 13th century eclipsed the remnants of Ghana’s
authority to establish a new system of overrule, that of Mali.
For the reconstruction of the imperial tradition, the historian can
turn to other sources beyond the archaeological record: the
accounts of North African travellers and geographers, locally
written Arabic chronicles (ta’rikh), and the kuma koro or ‘ancient
speech’ of the Mande themselves. Towards the end of the ﬁrst
millennium ad, in other words, prehistory begins to shade into
history. Compared to the wealth of written records produced in
medieval Europe, or in India or China in the same period, however,
such sources are few and fragmented. Those that do exist, moreover,
present the historian with problems of interpretation. Over-reliance
on the views of Muslim visitors and chroniclers, for example, in part
explains the early emphasis on the role of external factors (notably,
trans-Saharan trade and Islam) in the emergence of states. The use
of indigenous oral traditions has helped to redress the balance – but
these too are problematic, most being recorded for the ﬁrst time
only in the 20th century. This is the case with the most famous
repository of Mande kuma koro, the epic of Sunjata. An elaborate,
Homeric song-cycle performed by a caste of bards called jeliw (or
22

4. Resistance to the imperial tradition. Tuareg horsemen armed with swords, lances, and shields
and wearing their famous indigo-dyed robes and turbans, photographed by Edmond Fortier at
Timbuktu in 1906. Tuareg confederations resisted the French conquest of the Sahara region for
many decades (the ﬁgure in the centre may have been the chieftain who led an attack on the French
military post at Timbuktu in 1913), and again rose in rebellion against the nation-state of Mali in
the 1980s

griots), it tells the story of how Sunjata Keita overcame the Soso
magician-king Sumanguru Kante and founded the empire of Mali.

African History

After 1100 ad, Jenne-jeno went into decline, and by 1400 the town
had been abandoned. The reasons are unclear, although the period
was one of climatic instability and environmental stress – factors
which also contributed to the unleashing of new forces and conﬂicts
culminating in the rise of Mali. By the 15th century, Mali too was in
decline, weakened by succession disputes, the inﬁltration of
pastoralist nomads, and the rising power of its rival to the east,
Songhay. As imperial overrule fragmented, local autonomies were
reasserted. Society persevered, in other words, as states came and
went.
Yet the imperial tradition was far from over. The apparent harmony
of ‘civil society’ in the ﬁrst millennium ad can be contrasted with
the region’s descent into violence and economic decline over the
course of the last four centuries, as a succession of predatory
state-builders struggled to impose their overbearing power on local
communities. First came Moroccan conquerors, who crossed the
desert to defeat Songhay in 1591, then the Bambara warrior-kings of
Segou (17th century), the puritanical Islamic theocracy of Sekou
Amadou (1818–62), the Tukulor empire of Umar Tal (1860s–90s),
the French colonial state (1893–1960), and ﬁnally its postcolonial
successor, the centralizing (and for many decades, military) regime
of the Republic of Mali. Reconstructing this political narrative has
been the easy part. Behind it lie more elusive histories of individual
struggle and of social life that emerge only ﬂeetingly onto the
historical record. It is here that the challenge of recovering and
representing African history lies.

24

Chapter 2
Africans: diversity and unity

We have emphasized the huge physical scale of the African
continent and we now turn to the even more intimidating variety of
the real focus of historical enquiry: Africa’s peoples. Just as the idea
of Africa needs to be scrutinized carefully, so too does the idea of
‘Africans’. Again, it seems obvious: Africa is a continent and the
people who live there are Africans. This simple, inclusive deﬁnition
is a good one. But again, it should not be taken for granted. As we
have seen, shifting perceptions of Africa, as well as scholarly debates
about the meanings of those perceptions, have actually been about
its people. When Muslim Arabs in the medieval period or
Europeans in the age of imperialism wrote of Africa as a ‘primitive’
place without a history, what they were saying was that Africans
were primitive. Even today, historians are constantly confronted by
sweeping assertions about what ‘Africans’ do and think – including
what they might have done and thought in the past. Who are these
Africans? And how, historically, have they constructed their own
ideas of identity and belonging?

Diversity
Skeletal remains found in eastern Africa give every indication that it
was in this part of the world that human’s hominid ancestors ﬁrst
evolved, separating from the ancestors of chimpanzees between
four and six million years ago. We begin therefore with a simple
25

African History

observation: that the history of mankind in Africa is older than that
in any other continent. Part of the evidence for that time-depth is
the sheer diversity of humanity to be found in Africa. Even the most
casual visitor to any part of the continent today will rapidly
recognize that generalizations about what Africans look like simply
do not work. Africans are – and certainly always have been –
variously tall and short, heavily built and slender, dark- and
light-skinned, and so forth. While such visual impressions are
imprecise, the scientiﬁc evidence shows that there is actually as
much genetic variation within African populations than there is
between Africans and Europeans. This immediately makes a
nonsense of pseudo-scientiﬁc theories of racial difference, as well
as challenging ideas about the distinct attributes of a singular
‘African race’.
Yet physical attributes are a very small element of a much more
interesting set of stories. To begin with, Africans speak a dizzying
variety of languages. Due to the subtle differences between
languages and dialects, the exact number is debatable, but a ﬁgure
in the region of 1,500 is generally agreed upon by linguists. These
have been divided into four broad, and sharply contrasting, families.
Over 300 languages are spoken in Nigeria alone. We also know that
many languages and dialects have been lost and are even now
continuing to disappear, replaced by regional lingua francas such
as Swahili, Hausa, and Lingala or by the continent’s great languages
of foreign import, Arabic, French, English, and Portuguese.
Beyond language, Africa’s peoples historically have forged a
multiplicity of cultures. ‘Culture’ can broadly be deﬁned as the sum
total of ideas, beliefs, values, and representations shared by the
members of a given community. For a visitor to present-day Africa,
or for a consumer of African culture outside the continent, this
diversity is most apparent in the realm of representation, especially
artistic expression: music, dance, the plastic arts, architecture,
clothing, bodily decoration, and so on. Of these art forms, it is music
that over the last century has been the most historically dynamic on
26

a continental as well as a worldwide stage. The fusion in the
Americas of African rhythm and European song transformed the
world’s popular music, giving rise to blues, jazz, samba, son, rock,
soul, reggae, and rap. This musical revolution ﬂowed from the
diaspora back into the continent, where new popular styles
emerged (and continue to emerge), ranging from rai in Algeria to
West Africa’s highlife, Congolese rumba, and South African
township jazz.

In the realm of political order, Africans have been members of a
varied set of state forms. These have ranged from the most absolute
kinds of monarchies to their polar opposites, societies whose
absence of identiﬁable aristocracies or clear hierarchies of authority
led anthropologists in the past to describe them as stateless or
‘acephalous’ (literally, headless). Travellers and other outsiders had
little difﬁculty in coming to what they believed to be an
understanding of Africa’s kingdoms, as most of them had grown up
27

Africans: diversity and unity

Africans also believe in and – as they have been as questioning and
contrary as anyone on the planet – have also harboured doubts
about, a large number of religions. These range from innumerable
examples of indigenous belief systems to those like Islam and
Christianity, so-called world religions. The latter also come in a
variety of forms, some of which constitute distinctive African
contributions to the history of those beliefs. There are numerous
examples of African innovation in the realm of world religions.
Many of them, like the Muslim Murid brotherhood, whose origins
lie in early 20th-century Senegal, or the Aladura churches of
southwestern Nigeria, have now taken root in the cities of Europe
and North America. So too have the continent’s greatest spiritual
exports, the vodun and orisha, West African deities who in Brazil
and the Caribbean animated ‘voodoo’, santería, candomblé, and
other hybrid religions. The ways in which extraordinarily large
numbers of Africans have become Christian and Muslim – and the
underlying resilience of indigenous beliefs – are increasingly
important themes in African historical studies.

African History

as subjects of emperors, kings, caliphs, or sultans. One need only
read 19th-century European accounts of meetings with the
powerful kings of Asante (in present-day Ghana) or of Buganda (in
Uganda), for example, to catch this resonance. Meeting the
Asantehene, British envoy Thomas Bowdich wrote from the Asante
capital, Kumase, in May 1817, was ‘indescribably imposing’, the
pomp and splendour serving to underline ‘our impression of the
power and inﬂuence of the monarch we are sent to conciliate’.
But when looking at societies in which rulers could not be
identiﬁed, outsiders (as well as neighbouring Africans who presided
over states) all too rapidly concluded that they were observing
primitive anarchy rather than political order. In time, a more
sustainable understanding emerged. Acephalous peoples were in
fact subjected to authority, had laws, and were far from anarchic.
While such societies differed from one another and changed over
time, authority was usually vested in the representatives of their
so-called ‘segments’ – families, clans, age groups, religious cults –
usually senior men. Some observers have described such forms of
government as comfortingly communal. But it is clear that they
were not strangers to discriminatory gender division or other forms
of social differentiation, and that order could be maintained by the
use of coercion as well as negotiation. The notion that most Africans
lived in harmonious village communities or were ruled over by
benevolent kings before the violent imposition of European colonial
rule is simply not borne out by the evidence. It does a disservice to
the complexity of the continent’s past.
Every region of Africa provides historians with examples of
linguistic, cultural, and political diversity. These kaleidoscopic
variations are both functions of, as well as actors in, historical
processes. They did not just happen, nor have they been set in stone
since time immemorial. They are the consequences of millennia of
human movement, of conquest and subordination, of cultural
exchange, of long-distance trade, of the dissemination of religious
faiths, of colonialism and its demise – and of sexual attraction,
28

which can transcend and then erode the barriers of perceived
difference. Surveying this complex human tapestry, earlier
historians of the continent were attracted by explanations that
rested upon the large-scale physical movement of human
populations, the idea of migration. Modern archaeological and
linguistic research, however, seems more often to point to the
gradual transmission of ideas, of languages, of cultures, and of
technologies over space and time.

But the history of genes tells us only so much. This diversity of
origins also suggests the long gestation of distinctive cultures
emerging from conﬂict as well as from mutual stimulation and
borrowing. In art and architecture, in musical styles, in cooking, as
well as in more heady intellectual or spiritual forms, there are clear
indications of what we would today call ‘fusion’. It requires no great
expertise to hear echoes of medieval Andalucía, of the Sahel, and of
Persia, for example, in the classical music of the Maghrib (that is,
Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia; in Arabic, ‘the west’). Similarly, an
enjoyable analysis of North African cuisine should lead to a
realization of the mixing of the tastes of the southern shores of the
Mediterranean with those to the north and the east: think of the
29

Africans: diversity and unity

It will help to ﬂesh some of this out by thinking about what being
‘North African’ might mean. Modern North Africans are
descended from a rich mélange of indigenous Berber and
Egyptian peoples, co-mingled with the inhabitants of ancient
Greek, Phoenician, and Roman settlements, with Arab invaders,
with long-resident Jewish communities, with returning ‘Moors’
from the Iberian peninsula, with sub-Saharan Africans drawn
towards the Mediterranean by both enslavement and involvement
in long-distance trade, and more recently with European settlers
drawn not only from mainland France and Italy but also from
culturally diverse islands such as Corsica, Malta, Sardinia, and
Sicily. This constitutes a pretty distinguished heritage as well
as a healthily constituted gene pool, the very converse of isolated
‘in-breeding’.

5. A signar (from the Portuguese senhora) or ‘woman of colour of
Senegal’, from René de Villeneuve, Afrique, ou histoire, moeurs, usages
et coutumes des Africains (Paris, 1814). Independent African or EuroAfrican merchants, signares exploited marital and commercial links
with Europeans to accumulate wealth and inﬂuence on the island
entrepôts of Gorée and Saint-Louis in the era of the slave trade

combination of dried fruits, olives, spices, and meat, for example, in
the Moroccan tagine.

The scattered populations of Africans living such precarious handto-mouth lives using low levels of technology are not, as the
romantics would have us believe, timeless ‘stone age survivals’.
Neither should those societies that did not develop hierarchical
state systems be seen as somehow less ‘advanced’ than those which
did. Colonial-era anthropologists often sought out isolated, stateless
peoples in the belief that they constituted ideal laboratory
specimens for understandings of how social systems evolved. But
recent research has shown that Africa’s many decentralized
societies were as much the products of historical forces as its great
kingdoms – including active resistance on the part of independent
31

Africans: diversity and unity

The North African example is admittedly an unusually rich one in
global, let alone African, terms. But the histories of most African
peoples can be interrogated in this fashion, despite the shortage of
written evidence that often denies us texture as well as time-depth
(see Chapter 3). Very few parts of Africa were untouched by the
outside world, by neighbouring societies, or by much more distant
‘others’ before the colonial period. There were of course some
exceptions: peoples whose physical remoteness made such contact
less likely. But living in the depths of the equatorial rain forest, as
did the ‘pygmies’ of the Ituri region of the present-day Democratic
Republic of Congo, or in desert areas, like the San (or ‘Bushmen’)
of the Kalahari in southern Africa, was seldom the result of
accident. Isolation was frequently either the outcome of strategies
devised by people unwilling to risk repeated predation by
better-armed, hostile outsiders, or the consequence of being
driven into marginal ecologies by more powerful peoples’ capacity
to conﬁscate richer arable land, pasture, or hunting grounds.
Despite the ‘new age’ tendency to romanticize the San way
of life, admittedly a brilliant adaptation to one of the harshest
environments on the planet, most San would almost certainly have
settled for a softer existence.

African History

frontiersmen and -women to would-be state-builders. As we have
seen with the Middle Niger, independent communities and cultures
often persevered as predatory states rose and fell.
All of this should suggest that most, if not all, generalizations about
Africans past and present are doomed to fail. Similarly, claims
about whether this or that is ‘authentic’ or ‘inauthentic’, or whether
individuals are ‘full-blooded’ or not, need to be understood for the
ideological statements that they are. It makes no sense to be picky
about those whom we should or should not consider to be the
protagonists of African history. To repeat: historical Africans were
the people who lived in Africa from the mouth of the Nile to the
Cape of Good Hope, as well as on its outlying islands in the Atlantic
and Indian Oceans. Recent historical study has also re-embraced
their descendants, who through enslavement or voluntary
migration have created communities beyond the shores of Africa, in
the Americas and elsewhere (see Chapter 4). And ﬁnally, it must be
remembered that Africans are men and women. Historical lives and
experiences were profoundly shaped by this most fundamental of
distinctions – a fact often overlooked by lazy generalizations about
the past everywhere in the world.
A historian’s deﬁnition of ‘African’ is necessarily broad and
unracialized. If it includes, as it should, diasporic communities
beyond Africa (including those that are no more, such as the
Afro-European emirates of al-Andalus), then it must also extend to
those peoples who have migrated into the continent and the hybrid
societies that have emerged as a result. Such societies have long
been characteristic of Africa’s coastal littorals: from the complex
mélange that is North Africa to the Swahili culture of East Africa,
the Euro-African communities of the trading towns of the Atlantic
coast, and on to the European, Malay, and Indian migrants drawn
since the 17th century to South Africa. To reject the descendants of
Dutch, French, English, and other ‘white’ settlers in southern
Africa, or of Indians there and in East Africa, is arbitrary unless we
are also prepared to reject those whose ancestors were part of the
32

6. White settlers. The commando of National Party supporters that escorted the late Dr Hendrik
Verwoerd to the Party’s 50th anniversary celebrations. The middle horseman in the front rank is
Leon Wessels, who later became Deputy Minister of Law and Order in the National Party
government. He was also the ﬁrst senior member of that party to apologize for apartheid. De Wildt,
Transvaal (North-Western Province), South Africa, October 1964. Photograph by David Goldblatt

extensive Omani diaspora in East Africa or of Arab expansion into
North Africa.

African History

Unity
Having said all that, it would be misleading to suggest that Africa is
little more than a discordant hotchpotch of different peoples,
cultures, and states. To emphasize difference alone runs the risk of
falling back on an outmoded European vision of the continent as a
jumble of unrelated, self-contained tribal groups – a vision that
underpinned colonial conquest (on which more below). Indeed,
historians are increasingly concerned to explore lines of
‘interconnectedness’, to move away from narrowly focused studies
of particular ethnic groups, kingdoms, or nations in order to trace
population movements, commercial linkages, and cultural ﬂows
over space and time. The search for such exchanges is now taking
historical study beyond the edges of the continent itself, into the
wider, diasporic arenas of the Atlantic, Indian Ocean, and
Mediterranean worlds.
Just as importantly, to dismantle the notion of ‘African-ness’ is not
to say that it has no intellectual purchase. Quite the opposite: the
idea of a unitary people has been a key feature of the perceptions of
outsiders and, over the last two centuries, of Africans. It has been
especially prominent amongst a group that, in a way, was both:
African Americans. As we have seen in Chapter 1, just as it was
intellectuals in the diaspora who amongst Africans ﬁrst began to
perceive the contours of the entire continent, so was it they who
appropriated from European thought the idea of a singular African
people or, in the language of the time, a ‘Negro race’. Whereas
European and Anglo-American race theorists sought to denigrate
black people, however, the pan-Africanist pioneers stressed racial
unity as a tool of redemption.
To writings about racial unity, dignity, and redemption – what has
been called ‘vindicationist’ literature – gradually were added layers
34

7. Arab settlers. Three ofﬁcials of the Omani government of Zanzibar
(part of present-day Tanzania), circa 1880s, whose status as members of
the island’s Arab aristocracy is marked by the wearing of a turban (in
Swahili, kilemba) and the carrying of an ornamental dagger (jambia)

African History

of historical speculation. By the end of the 19th century, a Hamitic
‘counter-hypothesis’ had begun to emerge, West Indian thinker
Edward W. Blyden suggesting that ancient Egypt was a Negro
civilization and the font of African culture. This found a curious,
inverted echo in the writings of the German ethnologist Leo
Frobenius, whose extensive travels through Europe’s newly
conquered African colonies led to a theory of a residual ancient
civilization, remembered in European myth as the lost ‘Atlantis’.
The ﬁrst serious attempt at a continent-wide history, however, was
by the African American scholar and pan-African leader W. E. B.
Du Bois, whose The Negro (1915) provided a sweeping account
focused on racial unity and the glories of Africa’s ancient kingdoms.
In 1922, The Negro became a key text in William Leo Hansberry’s
history classes at Howard University in Washington, DC, the ﬁrst
appearance of African history in a university curriculum.
Perhaps the most striking inversion of European conceptions of
Africa was that of négritude. A literary movement founded in Paris
in the 1930s by French-speaking African and West Indian
intellectuals, négritude sought to refute the imperialist racial divide
between civilized Europe and primitive Africa by demonstrating the
latter’s rich cultural heritage. In doing so, however, it clung to the
idea of difference, emphasizing the particular attributes of a
homogenous ‘African people’. In this respect, négritude can be
contrasted with the ﬁner-grained historical and ethnographic
writings of earlier anglophone West African scholars such as the
Rev. Samuel Johnson, who tended to focus on their own peoples.
Parochial perhaps, but Johnson for one had no truck with
essentialized racial difference, stressing instead the striking cultural
similarities between the Yoruba and the British.
The demise of pseudo-scientiﬁc race theory in the second half of the
20th century, together with the application of the evidential rules of
the discipline of history to the study of the African past, have not
ended the appeal of the idea of a singular African civilization. It has
survived to the present in the form of various diffusionist-type
36

8. Black settlers. E. J. Roye (1815–72). Born in Newark, Ohio, Roye
migrated to Liberia in 1846, made a fortune as a trader, and was elected
president in 1869, serving for two years before being deposed in 1871.
Founded in 1821 and becoming an independent republic in 1847, the
African American settler colony of Liberia was an important symbol for
‘vindicationist’ thinking about Africa and the black race. Roye’s pose
appears to echo that depicted in a famous photograph of US president
Abraham Lincoln

African History

theories, some of which pose as works of historical research but
which in fact represent little advance on the musings of Blyden and
Frobenius. This type of writing has been called ‘Afrocentrism’. A
more accurate term, however, might be Egyptocentrism, as much of
it remains transﬁxed by the notion that pharaonic Egypt was the
font of all African culture and/or a distinctively ‘black’ civilization.
Not all of this genre is devoid of scholarship: Martin Bernal’s
well known Black Athena (1987), for example, represents a serious
attempt to engage with the history of cross-cultural exchange in the
ancient eastern Mediterranean. But most of it is wild polemic, and
all of it is deeply ﬂawed on empirical grounds. It remains marginal
to the mainstream academic study of African history. ‘African unity’
remains a powerful ideological construct, the evolution of which
demands serious study. Ideology, however, can not replace history –
and the unfolding history of Africa’s peoples has been a lot more
complex than Afrocentric theory allows.

Identity
For historians of Africa, no less than for Africans past and present,
identity can be a tricky intellectual issue. Africans are, like people
everywhere, compilations of numerous identities, some of which are
personally or collectively claimed, others of which are imposed by
outsiders. If people are asked who the most famous living African is,
the usual answer is ‘Nelson Mandela’. But as we write this in the
aftermath of the 2006 World Cup, there is a good case for saying
that the most famous living African is Zinédene Zidane. Let’s
consider this one individual. Who, or what, is Zidane? He’s a
Frenchman, born and raised in Marseilles. But he’s also a North
African, whose parents emigrated from Algeria; and a Berber, with
family roots in the Kabyle mountains and reportedly ﬁercely proud
of his ancestral village. He also describes himself as a (nonpractising) Muslim. And he is, of course, a footballer. Whichever of
these labels Zidane himself chooses to use would depend both on
where he is and how he’s thinking at the time. Identity, in other
words, is as ﬂuid as it is multifaceted.
38

But that is the easy part. Identities, even family identities, are often
not as straightforward as they seem. Along with the rest of
humanity, Africans are biologically members of immediate families
and of wider networks of kin. ‘Kinship’ was a staple concern of
colonial-era anthropologists, who learned that Africans had been
unusually creative in devising ways of managing family affairs.
Indeed, almost every type of kinship system can be illustrated with
an African example. Unlike other kinds of human categorization,
these kinds of afﬁnity can ultimately be proved or disproved by
modern methods of genetic enquiry. After all, you either are your
great-grandmothers’ great-grandchild, or you are not.

Other kinds of identity – racial, political, cultural, religious – are no
more straightforward and no less political and debatable. And they
are sometimes potentially very dangerous: millions of people in the
20th century alone have been killed because of their identiﬁcation
by others. Africa has provided us with an example in the genocide in
Rwanda in 1994, when people deemed to be ‘Tutsi’ by extremists
within the ‘Hutu’ majority were systematically hunted down and
killed. In the space of a single month, an estimated 800,000
people – both Tutsis and moderate Hutus identiﬁed as sympathizers
by the killers – lost their lives. We shall return to the history of this
tragedy below.
39

Africans: diversity and unity

Yet most claims about kinship are not yet subjected to genetic
testing. In Africa, as in other parts of the world, that has created
space for imagination and invention. Historically, many
individuals or families claimed relationships with others who were
more aristocratic, wealthy, or spiritually inﬂuential. Some such
claims were based upon genuine descent, but others were ﬁctional.
The ability of groups to maintain such ﬁctions over time owed
everything to their power, to their collective capacity to silence
those who could cast doubt on such claims. Similarly, groups and
individuals with legitimate claims to birth-derived advantage had
those claims set aside if they lacked enough power to sustain
them.

African History

Historians therefore endlessly interrogate such labels and
identiﬁcations. But they are obliged to be every bit as inquiring
about Africans’ own identities, the identities they claim for
themselves, as they are about those which have been foisted
upon them by others. The scholarly consensus today regards
non-biological identities as being, in one way or another, the
product of historical processes. They are, in other words,
‘constructed’ by human agency, whether deliberately or
inadvertently. And once constructed, identities are rarely static;
they can be altered. Circumstances can force or encourage people to
change their identities. Let’s look at two examples from Africa’s
volatile 19th century, a time of tumultuous change throughout
much of the continent.
The ﬁrst is the forging of Zulu identity in southern Africa. This
involved state-building, military conquest, physical expansion, the
absorption of refugees and defeated people, and, ultimately, defeat
and colonization at the hands of the British empire. Consequently,
the meaning of being Zulu shifted over time, just as those claiming
to be or being identiﬁed as Zulu constituted a rapidly changing
population. Before about 1820, the word ‘Zulu’ connoted a clan
name, that of the rulers of a small kingdom dominated by the larger
and more powerful Mthetwa kingdom. Military innovation and the
strategic genius of the Zulu ruler, Shaka, eventually allowed the
small Zulu kingdom to overcome their Mthetwa overlords and in
time to defeat a large number of other kingdoms in the region, some
of which came to regard themselves as Zulu. This identity was
fundamentally political, as there were other kingdoms in the wider
region that were not so incorporated but which shared many
cultural attributes, including language, with the Zulu.
For our second example we turn to the Yoruba people of presentday southwestern Nigeria and the neighbouring Republic of Bénin.
Like the term ‘Zulu’, ‘Yoruba’ meant something quite different by
the early 20th century than it had done a hundred years before. In
fact, it was originally a word used by the Hausa people from the
40

Africans: diversity and unity

9. Shaka (d. 1828). A famous engraving of the Zulu state-builder, based
on a drawing by the English trader James King, from Nathaniel Isaacs,
Travels and Adventures in Eastern Africa (London, 1836)

savanna to the north to describe the inhabitants of Oyo, just one of
the many city-states into which the region was divided. Despite
underlying afﬁnities of language and culture, it was these city-based
kingdoms that provided the focus of political and ethnic identity.
When in the early 19th century the most powerful, Oyo, went into
41

African History

decline in the face of attacks from Hausa and Fulani Muslim
revolutionaries, the region descended into decades of internecine
warfare. It was a time of turmoil. Refugees were on the move, new
towns were founded, and large numbers of captives were sold down
to European slave traders on the coast. Many ended up as slaves in
Brazil and Cuba. Others, intercepted at sea by the anti-slave trade
squadron of the Royal Navy, were liberated thousands of miles away
at the coastal colony of Sierra Leone. And it was here that the idea
of being ‘Yoruba’ began to be reformulated.
The key actors in this process were Western-educated, literate
Christians, men like Samuel Ajayi Crowther (c. 1806–91), liberated
from a Portuguese slaver in 1822 and ordained as an Anglican
pastor in 1843. That year, he published his Grammar and
Vocabulary of the Yoruba Language in London, and the following
year led the ﬁrst Yoruba-language church service in Freetown,
Sierra Leone. In 1845, Crowther returned home as an agent of the
Church Missionary Society, joining other returning Sierra Leonians
as well as freed slaves from Brazil (where ideas about Yoruba-ness
had also been evolving) in an effort to create a modern,
reinvigorated Yorubaland. Although both groups included Muslims,
it was Christianity that lay at the heart of this project to forge a new,
expanded sense of community. Another Sierra Leonian pastor,
Samuel Johnson, even argued in his famous History of the Yorubas
(1921, but completed 1897) that the rulers of Oyo – his own
ancestors – were actually descended from Old Testament ﬁgures
and that their religion had once been monotheistic. Conversion to
Christianity, therefore, represented a return to ancient Yoruba
ideals, which had been corrupted by ‘heathenism’, political
fragmentation, and the slave trade. Through it lay the path to a
modern Yoruba nation.
The Zulu and Yoruba are just two examples of the many African
peoples who undertook what can be called projects of ‘ethnogenesis’
over the last few centuries. The key word here is ‘projects’: that is,
these were conscious attempts – in our examples, by a militarized
42

aristocracy and a Christianized elite – to revamp and to expand
ideas of belonging. Both, of course, were more complex than
described here. Within the evolving realms of Zulu-ness and of
Yoruba-ness, as well as beyond them, there was much debate over
the exact content and the meanings of these labels. They were
further complicated, moreover, by both putative ‘nations’ being
subsumed into broader political identities following colonial
conquest. Individually and collectively, new boundaries needed to
be worked out: between being Zulu and South African, Yoruba and
Nigerian, and between being South African or Nigerian and
‘African’. This working out continued down the generations and, for
many, continues today.

As we write, a popular documentary programme has just ended its
second series on BBC television. It follows the experiences of its
presenter, Bruce Parry, who each week immerses himself with
much gusto in the culture of a different African people living in
Ethiopia’s Omo river valley. The name of the series is Tribe. It’s
interesting and sometimes enlightening – but there is a problem.
Much misunderstanding of the question of identity in Africa is the
consequence of centuries-old perceptions of Africans by others.
European travellers, missionaries, colonial administrators, and
ethnographers in the past have tended to collapse multiple
identities into the single concept of ‘tribe’. This was an outsiders’
model of who Africans were and how they lived. It carried various
loaded meanings for those who used it, often saying as much
about them as it did about the reality of African states and
societies.
One problem with the concept is its implicit idea that there is a
close ﬁt between the multiple identities we all have and the political
states to whose rule we are subjected. This implied that people
who were the subjects of, for example, the Asante or the Ethiopian
state – political identities – were also necessarily linked to one
43

Africans: diversity and unity

‘Tribes’

African History

another by other identities derived from kinship, religion, culture,
or language. In reality, most African state-builders ruled over plural
populations that seldom displayed the neat conformities assumed
by the idea of ‘tribe’. While there were states in which a relatively
high proportion of the population were linked by blood, culture,
and religious inclination, recent historiography has emphasized the
physical mobility of Africans and the dynamism of material,
intellectual, and social experimentation.
We are also continually confronted with assertions about the
divisive, unbridgeable quality of ‘tribal’ membership. Returning to
the example of the Hutu and the Tutsi in Rwanda and neighbouring
Burundi might be instructive. There was a widespread belief in the
world’s press that the animosity that led to genocide in Rwanda in
1994 was based upon some primeval tribal distinction. The Tutsi,
we were told, were tall pastoralists who traditionally dominated the
shorter Hutu, who were arable farmers. The Tutsi were regarded by
Rwanda and Burundi’s European colonizers, ﬁrst Germans and
then, after the First World War, Belgians, as exemplifying the
Hamitic ideal. That is to say, they were believed to be aristocratic
invaders from the north who had conquered the indigenous, Bantuspeaking Hutu.
There is a lot of history to unpick here. The simplistic tribal model
simply does not work. From what we know about the region before
the advent of colonialism, political power had for centuries been
contested between a scatter of kingdoms, but the fault lines of these
conﬂicts were not related to a division between Tutsi and Hutu. The
relationship between these two groups was much more
complicated. To begin with, the Tutsi and the Hutu speak the same
language, Banyarwanda. Moreover, plenty of Hutu were cattlekeepers before and during the colonial period; there were also
dominant Hutu and subservient Tutsi in the precolonial period.
And Hutu could and did become Tutsi, just as Tutsi became Hutu.
While the meanings of ‘Hutu’ and ‘Tutsi’ have changed dramatically
over time, such meanings were almost certainly derived from
44

dynamic, shifting distinctions between groups with access to royal
power. And the volatility of those identities was one of the
consequences of change as well as being one of the authors of
change.

Matters were not to rest there. In time, colonial rule in many parts
of Africa was to co-opt the services of the precolonial polities whose
sovereignty had been usurped by conquest. It sought to use the
rulers of older African states as auxiliaries in the tasks of keeping
the peace, taxing the population, building roads, and mobilizing
labour. Such devolved systems of local government were based on
what were sanctiﬁed as tribal areas. Sometimes such areas
corresponded to the scope of precolonial jurisdictions. Often they
did not. In areas where there were no discernible kingdoms – or
45

Africans: diversity and unity

The idea of ‘tribe’ is connected with the language of empires. It was
the way in which Roman conquerors envisaged the indigenous
Berber peoples of North Africa (the word ‘Berber’ originates from
the Greek barbaroi, ‘barbarians’), as well as wild and unruly
Britons, Gauls, and Germans. Some have suggested that ‘tribe’ has
not always had such pejorative connotations. After all, this is the
way in which the King James Bible describes the divisions of the
‘Children of Israel’. Yet the modern use of the term was forged in the
crucible of European imperial expansion. By the late 19th century,
European politicians were conﬁdent that they had created the
highest form of social organization known to history, the nationstate. This, they believed, was a rational, modern construct, an
alternative to older, undemocratic empires and kingdoms. The use
of the word ‘tribe’ to describe African societies emerged from a
desire to commend the nation-state while suggesting the inherent
inferiority of others. It also served as a moral justiﬁcation for
colonial conquest. In one short, simple word, it connoted primitive
polities that were less developed than nation-states, cultures that
had yet to be illuminated by the insights of the Enlightenment,
technologies untouched by modern science, and religions that were
superstitious rather than spiritual.

African History

‘chiefdoms’ as colonial rulers preferred to call them – Africans were
encouraged to generate chiefs. In southeastern Nigeria, for
example, so-called ‘warrant chiefs’ were created in acephalous
Igbo-speaking areas whose legitimacy rested on warrants issued
by the British regime. In many areas, chiefs lacked traditional
legitimacy but had done the colonial state some service in the
army or the police.
In many cases, new identities were invented or old ones reimagined by a combination of colonial intervention and indigenous
agency. Lee Cronk’s study of the Mukogodo people of Kenya shows
how this group of hunting-gathering (and bee-keeping) people
came in the course of the ﬁrst half of the 20th century to abandon
their self-identity as Mukogodo in favour of identifying themselves
as Maasai. The catalyst in this process was the reservation by the
British colonial state of some of the most fertile lands of highland
Kenya for the use of white settlers. The Mukogodo were decreed to
be the original inhabitants of part of the land and were allocated a
reserve of their own, which they used to expand from a foraging to a
pastoral economy. The neighbouring Maasai had long regarded
cattle-keeping as a superior way of life: in Maa the foraging life was
insultingly called il-torrobo. But the British mistakenly understood
the pejorative term il-torrobo to be a tribal name, the Dorobo. ‘The
Dorobo’ themselves, however, had other ideas. Now lording it over
their neighbours by building up cattle stocks on their own reserved
land, they had gone up in the world. They were in the process of
becoming Maasai.
This shift was not a slight matter in either emotional or intellectual
terms for those making it. It involved the discarding of an older
identity, partly conﬁgured around the speaking of a distinctive
language, Yakuu, in favour of a new way of life, a new, unrelated
language, Maa, as well as other cultural adaptations. A group of
people who now identify themselves as Maasai – and would be so
identiﬁed by outsiders – are only two generations away from being
people who identiﬁed themselves very differently.
46

A similar process was underway in Rwanda and Burundi under
Belgian rule. The colonial state demanded that Africans state their
tribal afﬁliations on the documents required for the registration of
births, for the pursuit of work, and for cross-border travel. The
terms ‘Tutsi’ and ‘Hutu’, which, as we have seen, were derived from
something more like class terminology than ethnicity, became
tribes. Recording membership of one or other suddenly froze
personal identity. And the Tutsi, largely because they were felt to be
a racially superior people, became more favoured by the Belgians,
enjoying greater access to mission education and to paid
employment in the colonial bureaucracy. Colonial rule did not
invent inequality and conﬂict. But it pushed it in dangerous, and
ultimately disastrous, new directions.

47

Africans: diversity and unity

During the era of European imperialism, the idea of ‘tribe’
encapsulated the otherness of Africans. But like many changes
wrought by colonial conquest, the concept took root. Tribal
afﬁliation (or to use a more polite but barely less loaded phrase,
‘ethnicity’) has in many places been embraced by Africans
themselves, competing with kinship, with religion, and with nation
as a framework of belonging. For some, it contained moral ideas
rooted in remembered histories of the forging of communities and
of states. For others, especially for politicians seeking to mobilize
the support of regional constituencies, it became a tool used for the
accumulation of power. As we will see later, struggles for slices of
new national cakes have frequently been animated by a populism
which derives much of its force from carefully nurtured sensitivities
about supposed tribal or ethnic difference. In contemporary Africa,
in short, the tension between the ideas of unity and diversity
remains very much to the fore.

Chapter 3
Africa’s past:
historical sources

In common with historians of all places, historians of Africa have
faced signiﬁcant constraints. Before thinking about the particular
problems faced by those attempting to recover Africa’s past, it is
important to stress that many such problems are shared with
historians working on other parts of the world. The lives of ordinary
working people, of women, or of children, for example, can be
difﬁcult and often impossible to capture and to interpret. But Africa
presents its own challenges; some are formidable and not all have
proved capable of resolution. In the process of addressing these
challenges, historians have developed a range of methods which
have not only increased the sophistication of African historical
studies but have also added to the research techniques and the
analytical armoury of the whole ﬁeld of historical enquiry. While
contributing to the store of knowledge about the past of
humankind, historians of Africa have also been pioneers in the
development of a battery of techniques which make modern
historians more effective, sympathetic analysts of the lives of all our
ancestors.

Evidence
The problem of evidence lay at the heart of the struggle to
establish the ﬁeld of African history in the 1950s and 1960s.
Evidence necessarily underpins all historical research. Reliable
48

Africa posed a real challenge at a particular conjuncture in the
development of the discipline of history. By the mid-20th century,
history had serious pretensions to being a discipline with its own
(and for some, even a scientiﬁc) methodology, which sought to
distance itself from antiquarianism, from anecdote, and from the
mustering of mountains of supposed facts. At the core of that
methodology lay the discovery of, and then the critical reading of,
written documents: so-called ‘primary sources’. These were to be
found in the greatest abundance in archives and libraries. Reading
that material in the writers’ original languages, and if possible in its
original manuscript form, reading it in the light of other sources,
reading it ‘between the lines’ and ‘against the grain’, was what good
historians did.
49

Africa’s past: historical sources

sources provide knowledge of the past which then allows
historians to analyse, to interpret, to compare, and to theorize.
The absence of sources denies us that knowledge; and however
attractive it can be, the substitution of what should have
happened is supposition rather than scholarship. The postwar
pioneers of African historical studies spent their early days
ﬁghting two big battles. One was waged against an academic
establishment sceptical about the possibility of recovering
Africa’s past. Some recent observers have seen this
conservatism as innately racist, a continuation of the attitudes
faced by Du Bois and Hansberry in their efforts to claim a place
for Africa in universal history. While some of the doubters might
have been animated by racism, their objections were more
frequently grounded in their understanding of what history
was and thus what history could be. The other was a
methodological assault against the established ways of ‘doing’
history, aimed at circumventing the dearth of written records
for much of the continent. The two were closely related to one
another. But while the former has, by and large, been won,
the latter is far from over, demanding an ongoing inventiveness
in the methods by which African history is researched and
written.

African History

If written sources were the recognized raw materials of historical
research, where did that leave historians with ambitions to write
Africa’s history? Most African languages were not transcribed
languages; that is, they were spoken rather than written and
read before the late 19th or the 20th century. But it was the
earlier history of Africa that the pioneering historians wished
above all to recover. Animated by the liberation of the continent
from colonial rule, they sought to demonstrate to sceptical
colleagues and to the wider world that the continent had a history
of its own before European conquest – one that would serve as a
template for the future. For many, sources generated by and about
colonial conquest were irredeemably compromised. The authentic
African voice, it was argued, was deafened or distorted in such
material.
Much of what passed for African history before the 1950s fell
within the established tradition of ‘imperial history’, a genre
dominated by accounts of the African careers of European
explorers, missionaries, proconsuls, and businessmen. Africans
themselves tended to be regarded as objects rather than actors in
the making and unmaking of European empires. Not all of that
literature was inherently unsympathetic. In Britain and France
especially, there was a lively variety of anti-imperialist imperial
history which set out the malign impact of colonial conquest upon
Africans. But this tradition was actually closer to imperial
hagiography than it pretended to be. It too tended to objectify
Africans and failed to take their long-term history and their own
agency seriously. After all, there is not much to choose between
being habitually disregarded or being regarded as a perennial
victim. An analogy might be a situation in which we had no history
of French or British people other than that incorporated into both
favourable and hostile accounts of Roman expansion and early
Christian conversion written by Romans. It was this sort of
simpliﬁcation and distortion that Africa’s new historians set out
to rectify.

50

Written sources: part 1

The advance of Islam ensured that command of Arabic, the
language of the Qur’an, was disseminated amongst the learned
within its spreading domains. By the 8th century, precious
fragments of information on sub-Saharan Africa begin to emerge
from the accounts of Muslim travellers and geographers – sources
that have proved crucial for recovering the early history of the
sudanic kingdoms and of the Swahili city-states of the east coast.
Yet these remain the ﬂeeting impressions of outsiders (see Chapter
1). It is not until many centuries later that locally written Arabic
chronicles appear south of the Sahara: ﬁrst the ‘Kilwa chronicle’,
recounting the history of the coastal town of Kilwa in present-day
Tanzania (c. 1520), followed by Ahmad b. Furtuwa’s account of the
central sudanic state of Bornu (c. 1576), and then the two great
‘Timbuktu chronicles’, the Ta’rikh al-fattash (competed c. 1655)
and al-Sa‘di’s Ta’rikh al-sudan (also c. 1655). From the 18th century,
51

Africa’s past: historical sources

Indigenous written records were not entirely absent. One of the
world’s oldest scripts was that of ancient Egypt, the deciphering of
which in the 1820s pushed the boundary between ‘history’ and
‘prehistory’ back thousands of years. ‘It is ironic that we know
more about cultural changes in the New Kingdom of the
Pharao[h]s than we do about eighteenth-century Kuba cultural
change, three thousand years and more later’, Jan Vansina, the
leading historian of the Kuba (a Central African kingdom), has
lamented. Written language has also provided unusually rich
sources for the history of Ethiopia. From the 5th century ad, the
Ethiopian Coptic Church, one of the earliest Christian churches,
used a written language called Ge’ez (whose script originated in
ancient south Arabia) to translate the Bible and to record its
landholdings, its prayers and healing formulae, and the lives of its
saints. To these ecclesiastical documents were added royal
chronicles and medieval compilations of law and history such as
the Kebre Negast, ‘The Glory of the Kings’, the ideological charter
of Ethiopian kingship.

10. Priests of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, photographed in Eritrea
displaying religious manuscripts, 1890s. From Ferdinando Martini,
Nell’Africa Italiana (Milan, 1895)

moreover, Arabic script also became the basis for the transliteration
of three major African languages, Hausa, Fulfulde, and Swahili.

The volume of documentation about Africans and, importantly,
written by Africans themselves, expands dramatically once we
reach the era of European imperialism in the 19th and 20th
centuries. Much of this material, especially the latter, was
generated by Christian missions. Even before the conquest and
partition of Africa at the end of the 19th century, missionaries were
spreading through many regions of the continent. Early on,
converts were few, but Protestant missions in particular placed
great importance on the translation of the Bible, of hymns, and of
prayers into vernacular languages. In contrast with the Qur’an,
which must ideally be heard and read in its original Arabic,
Christianity’s holy book welcomed translation. It was therefore
often missionaries – both African and European – who took the
lead in the transformation of many languages from oral to written
forms of communication. The ultimate goal of this linguistic work
was to convert Africans to Christianity. But it also resulted in bold
new forms of written history, much of which was inspired by the
narrative drive of the Bible itself. Christianity looked to a
53

Africa’s past: historical sources

Following the planting in 1652 of a Dutch colony at the Cape of
Good Hope, in what became South Africa, we also have access to
documents written in the Dutch language and increasingly in its
developing local offspring, Afrikaans, a tongue nuanced by African
languages, Portuguese, and Malay. The time-depth and copiousness
of these sources has allowed historians of southern Africa to
reconstruct some aspects of the past with a degree of detail which
is hard to emulate in other parts of the continent south of the
Sahara. In common with the accounts of Muslim visitors to black
Africa – and also the great body of documentation generated by
European traders, missionaries, soldiers, and explorers dating back
to the 15th century – much of this material is one-sided, prejudiced,
and misguided. It requires critical reading and careful analysis –
like all historical sources, only more so.

African History

progressive future, but it also gave rise to new ways of thinking
about the past.
This process emerged ﬁrst in the Christianized, English-speaking,
and self-consciously modernizing trading diaspora of 19th-century
coastal West Africa. It took shape in two pioneering landmarks of
African historiography: Samuel Johnson’s History of the Yorubas
(1921, but completed 1897) and Carl Christian Reindorf’s History of
the Gold Coast and Asante (1895). Both authors were ordained
pastors working for Protestant missions: Johnson, the Anglican
Church Missionary Society, and Reindorf, the Basel Mission Society
of Switzerland. Johnson was ethnically Yoruba, the child of parents
liberated from slave ships and landed in Sierra Leone, where he was
born and educated. Reindorf was a Ga from the Accra region of the
Gold Coast, whose paternal grandfather was a resident Danish
trader. Both shared an enthusiasm for robust, evangelizing
Christianity, for material and moral progress, and for British
overrule, all of which they regarded as essential for the elimination
of ‘heathenism’ and violent political divisions, and for the eventual
emergence of African states as modern nations.
These extraordinary books combined dense ethnographic
observation, traditions of origin, and detailed historical narratives
constructed from a combination of personal experience, oral
research, and, in Reindorf’s case, the reading of old European
written accounts. Johnson’s work had a profound impact on notions
of Yoruba identity, serving as the template for a uniﬁed ‘national’
history while at the same time spurring into print other local
historians uncomfortable with his bias towards the city-states of
Oyo and Ibadan. Importantly, he and Reindorf wrote in English, in
part because mastery of that language was seen to be a tool of
progress and in part because their envisaged audience included
Europeans. But both books were largely ignored beyond their
respective regions of origin, unable to make a dent in the prevailing
European wisdom that tropical Africa possessed no recoverable
history. It is only in recent decades that scholars have begun fully to
54

11. Translating the Bible. A team of Basel missionaries and African pastors, including, second from
right, Rev. Carl Christian Reindorf, work on revisions to the Ga translation of the Bible at Abokobi,
Gold Coast (present-day Ghana), circa 1900–2. Photograph by Max Shultz

African History

appreciate just how important they are, both as primary sources
and as pioneering works of historical scholarship in their own
right.
The transliteration (and with it the standardization) of African
languages continued into the period of colonial rule. So too did the
writing down of local historical traditions (see Chapter 5).
European administrators in many areas emphasized the use of the
vernacular to facilitate the collection of intelligence about, and the
transmission of instructions to, their African subjects. The
languages of command in British colonial armies in West and East
Africa, for example, were Hausa and Swahili, respectively. And
many early ethnographers, some of whose work was intimately
involved in the business of assisting the colonial project, were avid
recorders of African languages. All of this was as much the work of
the ﬁrst generations of Africans schooled in the Western fashion; a
great deal of the linguistic, ethnographic, and historical
information published under the names of Europeans was the
product of the hard work of frequently anonymous ‘African
informants’.

The drunken king: oral tradition
The pioneering generation of Africanist historians did not dispute
the central signiﬁcance of written sources. But given the enormous
size of the continent and the great depth of its history, such sources
were few and far between. And what kind of African history would
emerge if it was to be based upon a documentary record laid down
for the most part by visitors from Europe and the Islamic
Mediterranean rather than by Africans themselves? Reliance upon
such evidence, it was felt, risked repeating the ignorance,
objectiﬁcation, condescension, and essentialism all too apparent in
the treatment of ‘natives’ in imperial history. Rather, they began to
dispute the conﬂation of ‘source’ with ‘document’, to suggest that
the idea of evidence need not be solely synonymous with written
texts.
56

Nevertheless, anxiety about ﬂawed documentary sources drew
more and more scholars away from metropolitan libraries and
archives and into Africa’s towns and villages in search of living
repositories of authentic historical narrative. Kings, chiefs, elders,
Muslim scholars, specialist guardians of court histories, and
professional bards such as the Mande jeliw were quizzed about
the past, and considerably detailed accounts emerged. Some of
these discoveries were of the already discovered: oral traditions
had been recorded by Johnson, Reindorf, and other pioneering
African scholars. Yet the argument was made that these traditions
could be read in the same sorts of ways as historians read written
documents, a claim elaborated by Jan Vansina in Oral Tradition
(1965, but ﬁrst published in French 1961). This was a big claim
and a brave one, subversive of conventional historical practice. It
had a signiﬁcant impact upon not only the recovery of African
history but also that of other traditionally non-literate societies
in the Paciﬁc, the Americas, and elsewhere. The new African
history was also read with interest by social historians frustrated
by the difﬁculty of recapturing ‘history from below’ in ostensibly
literate societies; its methodological inﬂuence is evident in
57

Africa’s past: historical sources

Research experience, listening to Africans speaking about the past,
led them to the notion that oral traditions might be taken seriously.
Not to be confused with ‘oral history’, that is, the recording of an
individual’s own memories, oral tradition was deﬁned as the
passing down from generation to generation of events that extended
into the deep past. This was undoubtedly radical. Historians were
no strangers to written versions of what appeared to have been
older oral accounts: Homer’s Iliad and Odyssey, the Norse Sagas,
and Beowulf were, for example, mainstays of Western culture. But
modern historians had tried to distinguish themselves from their
romantic intellectual predecessors (who had been much occupied
with substantiating such canonical texts by excavating the supposed
sites of Troy or the Cretan labyrinth) by regarding these ancient
narratives as myths and, in the new psychologically inﬂected
language, as ‘archetypal’.

African History

the pages of the radical History Workshop Journal from the late
1960s.
Yet oral traditions, as Vansina recognized from the outset, were far
from straightforward. They were generated within particular
cultures and strongly shaped by local aesthetic preferences, with
narratives often advancing by way of spiritual or magical
transformation rather than incremental chronological change.
Early attempts to date events – typically by applying average
lengths of reigns to the ‘king lists’ common to many traditions –
proved abortive and were quickly abandoned. ‘That African
dynasties might have exhibited greater order . . . than
unpredictable struggles over power elsewhere in the world proved
a vain hope’, Joseph Miller notes in a recent appraisal. It became
apparent too that those very struggles for power shaped and
continued to reshape versions of the past. Oral narratives were
certainly unwritten texts, but they were only rarely reliable vehicles
of factual information. They were instead increasingly regarded as
fascinating sources for intellectual historians keen to understand
the cultural contexts of meaning rather than the sequence and
causes of events. An analogy might be our modern opinion of
Walter Raleigh’s History of the World (1614) as an unreliable guide
to world history before 150 bc (this was as far as Raleigh got before
his execution) but as a text that provides insight into the
understandings of history by educated people in England in the
early 17th century.
These issues can be illustrated by considering one of Africa’s most
intensively scrutinized oral traditions of origin, that of the Luba
kingdom in the present-day Democratic Republic of Congo. Like
the story of Sunjata as performed by Mande jeliw, the Luba
tradition is a popular epic recited as a sequence of free-form
narrative episodes by specialists called inabanzas, ‘men of memory’.
The order of the episodes is marked on mnemonic devices called
lukasas, ‘memory boards’ studded with beads and cowrie shells that
are held by members of the bambudye secret society. The central
58

storyline, based on a version told by one famous inabanza, Kabata
(c. 1860 to c. 1950), goes something like this:
As the lands of the Luba were ﬁrst being inhabited, there emerged a
cruel, red-skinned king who took the name Nkongolo (lit. ‘the
rainbow’). Nkongolo was incestuous, sterile, loudmouthed, and
drunken. A handsome, dark-skinned, and cultured hunter from the
east, Mbidi Kiluwe crossed the Lomani river into Nkongolo’s
domains, where he married the king’s two sisters. One of them,
Bulanda, fathered a son, Kalala Ilunga (‘Ilunga the warrior’), who
grew up in his uncle’s village. Conﬂict developed between the two,
and Nkongolo decided to kill Kalala Ilunga. But the latter ﬂed back
across the river to the east, where he raised an army. Returning, he
overthrew and executed his despotic uncle, instituted sacred
Luba Shankadi.

Scholarly interpretations of this and similar traditions in the
kingdoms of the savanna woodlands of Central Africa have shifted
over time. Early historical readings tended to take them, if not quite
literally, then as preserving kernels of real events, some even
attempting to provide approximate dates for the tales of migration,
political violence, and state-building. But anthropologists argued
that such stories were not history but myth, cosmological
speculation about timeless, ‘structural’ opposites. Thus, Nkongolo
can be seen to personify the life-threatening chaos of the predynastic order only partially removed from nature, whereas Mbidi
Kiluwe and Kalala Ilunga represent fertility and ‘culture’. By the
1990s, historians had reﬁned their analysis, countering that
traditions of origin were really about the ongoing legitimization of
political power at the time they were told. They were ideological
statements made by the winners of political struggles, not the
losers.
Is there a middle ground? Possibly, suggests John Yoder, the author
of a book on the Kanyok, a people who fell under the cultural and
59

Africa’s past: historical sources

kingship, and founded the royal dynasty of the Luba heartland,

political inﬂuence of the expanding Luba kingdom. The Luba
tradition of origin, he suggests, is neither a chronicle of actual
events nor simply a reﬂection of contemporary power, but a
commentary on the meanings of historical change. It may not be
‘history’ as conventionally understood in the West, but it is about
history as perceived by those people who call themselves Luba. Two
things are sure: in the Luba-speaking region of southern Congo, the
popular epic of Nkongolo and Kalala Ilunga will continue to be told.
And amongst scholars, the debate will go on.

African History

Embracing ‘the other’: history and other disciplines
Acknowledging the paucity of written sources might have been
painful, but it was of huge importance to the ways in which the
study of African history developed. It stimulated Africa’s historians
from the outset to become adept at engaging with other disciplines.
From its foundation in 1960, the ﬁeld’s pioneer journal, the Journal
of African History, carried articles on linguistics, on physical
anthropology, and, most prominently, on archaeology. This
openness was radical, but it was also a reﬂection of the fact that very
little was known about the history of the continent. Accordingly, a
good deal of research at this stage was taken up with trying to
answer some pretty basic questions of periodization and historical
geography. This was a demanding task given the great time-depth
and diversity of Africa’s human history and the principled ambition
to chronicle the broad sweep of its past. For these reasons, the
transition from hunting and gathering to settled agriculture (the
‘food-producing revolution’) and the dissemination of ironworking, processes which historians of Europe would have
considered to fall into the realm of ‘prehistory’, were regarded as
central concerns of the new African history.
Perhaps the most important and sustained interdisciplinary
relationship, however, was that with social anthropology. Like many
intimate relationships, this grew out of an earlier mutual suspicion
that sometimes bordered on hostility. Historians were content to
60

Not all of these excursions into other disciplines proved to be quite
so rewarding. A great deal of effort was expended on the mastery of
historical linguistics. Some linguists claimed that a variety of
techniques could be used to date the dissemination of Africa’s
languages. If languages were attached to cultures, might one be able
to use historical linguistics to demonstrate the physical movement
of peoples? Efforts here focused on an attempt to understand the
extraordinary distribution of the so-called Bantu languages, some
600 related languages spread over almost the entire southern half
of the continent. Mobilizing linguistics, archaeological research
(especially on pottery styles and iron-making technology), and oral
traditions (the stories of migration embedded in epics like that of
the Luba), historians developed a model that became known as the
‘Bantu expansion’: one, continuous mass migration of iron-using
agriculturalists who ‘broke through’ the equatorial forest from the
northwest, overwhelming original populations of hunter-gatherers.
This kind of reasoning chimed in neatly with the attractions of
physical migration as an explanation of cultural change. There was
nothing particularly African about this: historians had earlier been
61

Africa’s past: historical sources

mine colonial-era ethnographies for data. But many harboured
suspicions about the implied timelessness and self-contained
quality of tribal groups moored in the ‘ethnographic present’. In
turn, some anthropologists were sceptical about the ambitions of
historians. Others were perplexed by the latter’s tendency to
emphasize state-building at the expense of kinship and culture. But
as the two disciplines evolved, they came to cross-fertilize one
another. Just as the new African history ﬁrst blossomed in the
climate of anti-colonial nationalism, so too did anthropology
change with the times, entering a period of self-reﬂection and
critiquing its own origins as a ‘colonial science’. In recent years, as
more and more anthropologists have sought a temporal dimension
for their work (many now combining ‘ﬁeldwork’ with archival
research), historians have embraced a range of issues (religion and
belief, for example) that hitherto had been left to the former.

African History

busy dragging Celts from central Europe into France and the British
Isles and ‘Aryans’ into India. Our understandings of cultural
diffusion are now more subtle. While there is abundant evidence for
the spread of languages, cultures, and technologies in Africa, as
elsewhere, the ‘Bantu expansion’ model has been revealed as too
simplistic. Rather than a sudden, massive movement of population,
it is more likely to have ebbed and ﬂowed over two millennia, with
the transfer of ideas just as important as the migration of people.
This false start in our understanding of early Africa was of no
lasting signiﬁcance. But it consumed a good deal of energy, not least
because the linguistic data and techniques were complex and
mastery of them was time-consuming.
Archaeology proved to be a more rewarding, if occasionally
troublesome, bed-fellow. On other continents, archaeology had
provided a good deal of evidence about human societies before the
emergence of written records. Much of what was known about the
history of the ancient Mediterranean, the Near East, Neolithic
Europe, and of pre-Columbian America had been documented by
archaeologists. The archaeology of the later 20th century remained
romantic, as the pages of National Geographic demonstrate; but it
was now a science-based discipline, and this was attractive to
historians of Africa whose thin documentary record provided them
with few chronological clues. The older tradition of stratigraphy
(the recording of the ‘layers of time’ revealed by the excavation
of a settlement site), plus newer techniques of radiocarbon dating
and tree-ring dating, provided exciting opportunities for the dating
of human remains, settlements, and the artefacts of material
culture – and from the resulting data the construction of narratives
of long-term change.
Much has been achieved in sketching out the contours of Africa’s
deep past. Yet the answers that archaeologists have been able to
come up with have still often disappointed historians. Huge
swathes of the continent, notably the equatorial forest zone, have
barely been surveyed, let alone subjected to extensive excavation.
62

As we have seen with regard to Jenne-jeno, archaeologists do not
necessarily need large amounts of material remains above ground
in order to make startling discoveries about the patterns of the
past. But even modern dating techniques remain blunt
instruments, and data must be contextualized carefully in order to
avoid speculative claims with potentially revolutionary
implications for established chronologies. Claims that discoveries
in the Termit region of Niger show early, indigenous innovation in
iron smelting, for example, remain ﬁercely contested decades after
radiocarbon dates were calculated. In short, archaeology in Africa
faces huge technical and logistical constraints. Some of this has
been the result of political instability, some of the cost of ﬁeldwork.
Both have had an especially damaging impact upon the few active
departments of archaeology in African universities. The priority,
according to Susan Keech McIntosh, must be ‘the urgent recovery
of some subset of information about the African archaeological
past before it all disappears in the face of development, agriculture,
or looting’.
63

Africa’s past: historical sources

Quite simply, sites of potential importance are hard to ﬁnd. The
historical sparseness of population in many regions ensured that
large concentrations of people – that is, cities – were relatively
rare. Rarer still were towns built of the kinds of materials that
endure over time. Even the ‘ancient’ mud mosques of the sahelian
cities of Jenne, Timbuktu, and Gao have been repeatedly
reconstructed over the centuries. With very few exceptions
(notably the famous remains of ‘Great Zimbabwe’ and the ‘stone
towns’ on the Swahili coast), African settlements were built of
readily available wood or mud. Using these materials was laboursaving, but they were biodegradable in the extreme; the eroding
ferocity of desert sand-storms, heavy rainfall, and the subversive
activities of termites are the natural enemies of built
environments. Tropical Africa is notable for its absence of ‘ruins’,
and the consequent lack of glamour is not conducive to the kinds
of economic support generated by the thought of lost cities and
hidden treasures.

African History

Despite its limitations, archaeology has been crucial to the study
of Africa’s art history. As a discipline, art history is distinct from
history – although the two are closely related. Whereas historians
deal mainly with texts, whether written or oral, art historians
examine forms and images. Yet forms and images have great
historical relevance. As ‘creations of minds and hands rooted in
speciﬁc historical and social contexts’, writes Henry John Drewal,
they are ‘signs of the times and shapes of thought’. But how does
form become ‘art’? As with other hold-all terms for aspects of
human culture (like ‘religion’), scholars have needed to be careful
not to impose Western concepts on African realities. Some African
languages have no speciﬁc word for ‘art’. Others do, such as Yoruba,
in which the term ona encompasses a broad range of evocative
material transformations designed to move and to enlighten the
viewer. Recently, scholars have begun to challenge the exclusive
(and sometimes Eurocentric) connotations of the term ‘art’ by
redeﬁning their ﬁeld as ‘visual culture’, thereby broadening its scope
to include popular forms such as ﬁlm and television, photography,
clothing, and body decoration.
Although sculpture from West Africa began to arrive in Europe as
early as the 1470s, it was only with colonial conquest that an
awareness of ‘African art’ developed in the West. One key moment
was the looting by a British military force of a hoard of artefacts
from Benin (in present-day Nigeria) in 1897. Many of these,
especially the famous ‘Benin bronzes’ (mostly actually made of
brass), found their way into museums and collections across
Europe. Their striking appearance sparked expeditions aimed
speciﬁcally at collecting art objects, such as that undertaken on
behalf of the British Museum by the ethnographer Emil Torday to
the Kuba kingdom of southern Congo in 1907–9. Another was the
discovery of sculpture from West and Central Africa by Pablo
Picasso and other Paris-based avant-garde artists in about 1905.
Just as African music transformed 20th-century popular music, so
too did the export of African plastic art contribute to the modern
revolution in concepts of form. As excited by the apparent disregard
64

for naturalism as they would be by the wild sonorities of Duke
Ellington, modernist artists and thinkers drew freely – and loosely –
on what they perceived as the robust and liberating ‘primitivism’ of
African culture.

History’s engagement with art history in Africa remains in its
infancy, but the potential is enormous. Many art historians are now
taking the ‘history’ part of their job description as seriously as the
‘art’, while more historians look to art as a reﬂection of – and even as
an integral component of – broader patterns of change. Art objects
are not ‘texts’. But neither, with careful contextualization, need they
be mute. Gradually, scholars are replacing Western aesthetic
appreciation with indigenous African perceptions, timeless tribal
iconography with more ﬂuid regional ‘streams of tradition’, and a
narrow focus on ‘ﬁne art’ with a broader, more inclusive embrace of
visual cultures. There is growing understanding, too, of the intimate
relationship between plastic art and performing art, most obviously
that in West and Central Africa between mask and masquerade.
These developments are becoming apparent not only in scholarly
writing but in major exhibitions of African art, such as the Africa:
The Art of a Continent retrospective staged in London in 1995, and
Africa Remix: Contemporary Art of a Continent in 2005.
65

Africa’s past: historical sources

For European devotees of ‘primitive art’, however, it was form alone
that mattered, not function or context – let alone history.
Throughout the colonial period and beyond, African artefacts
ﬂowed into Western museums and private collections, but few were
dated and fewer still were attributed to individual artists or even to
particular workshops. Instead, they were ordered according to
typical tribal styles: ‘Luba stool’, ‘Dogon mask’, ‘Kuba statue’, ‘Kota
ancestral ﬁgure’, and so forth. Such ethnic attributions were often
as simplistic and misleading as the very notion of timeless,
hermetically sealed ‘tribes’ itself. This has frustrated the emergence
of an art history of Africa, both in its own right and in ways that
might assist historians in the task of reconstructing the changing
textures of culture over space and over time.

12. Art and historical memory. An ofﬁcial at the court of the Kuba king
Kot aPe (1902–16) holds a dynastic sculpture (ndop) portraying the
18th-century king MishaaPelyeeng aNce, now in the British Museum.
Photograph taken by Emil Torday or M. W. Hilton-Simpson at the Kuba
capital Nsheng (in present-day Democratic Republic of Congo) in 1909

Written sources: part 2
All of this methodological innovation and transdisciplinary
eclecticism has enriched the ﬁeld of African history. At the end of
the day, however, written sources remain as crucial for the recovery
of the continent’s past as they do for that of any other part of the
world. The availability and nature of the evidence dictates the kinds
of history that can – and cannot – be written. So it is important to
make the point that the volume and the range of written sources
have, generally speaking, increased signiﬁcantly since the days
when the postwar pioneers of modern African history ﬁrst ventured
into the archives. And as the amount of source material has
expanded, so too have attitudes towards it shifted.

Between the state archives of the ex-imperial powers and those of
African nations, virtually the entire ofﬁcial record of the era of
colonial rule is now open for consultation. These sources have also
been revealed as being less biased and marred by racial arrogance
than once thought: more a multitude of discordant voices than the
67

Africa’s past: historical sources

The re-evaluation of records generated by outsiders has underlined
not only their ﬂaws but also their value. With regards to the travel
literature, both in European languages and in Arabic, modern
critical editions have exposed some of these texts as armchair
volumes, assemblages of the writings of others. But it has also
shown that many are unique, eye-witness accounts by people who
had spent long periods in Africa and had real insights into local
cultures, politics, and sometimes even the events of the past.
Likewise, the accounts of missionaries, once regarded by many as
cultural imperialists and the enablers of colonial conquest, are now
seen as providing vital insights into the complex processes of
religious conversion and cultural change. Then there is the
documentary residue of the slave trade. It is a painful irony that one
of the largest and potentially most valuable collections of writing
about Africans is to be found in the recently compiled database of
slave voyages across the Atlantic (see Chapter 4).

African History

monotonous drone of imperial hegemony. Many of these are
African voices, of those who accommodated themselves to colonial
rule as well as those who struggled against it, including some of
women, of the poor, and even of slaves. The much sought-after
‘African voice’ often comes through vividly in the huge bodies of
court records – long recognized as a vital resource for social
historians everywhere. These include the proceedings of so-called
‘native courts’ operated by indigenous African jurists, such as the
sequence (in Arabic) of the Zanzibar courts running from 1880 to
1960.
The critical use of imaginative literature can also alleviate the
relative lack of African biography and autobiography, helping to
ﬂesh out the otherwise two-dimensional depiction of men and
women in many sources. The Nigerian Nobel laureate Wole
Soyinka’s trilogy Ake (1981), Isara (1990), and Ibadan (1994), for
example, provides us with an unsurpassed history of a family living
through turbulent colonial and postcolonial times based upon
family papers, his and others’ personal recollections, as well as
poetic imagination and an animating sense of the dramatic. And
there is no better account of the austere lives in mid-20th-century
London of the young African nationalists who were eventually to
lead their countries to independence than South African novelist
Peter Abrahams’ Wreath for Udomo (1956). Like plastic art,
literature is both a reﬂection of and a component of historical
change.
On the negative side, many African archives are in a bad state.
While history was deemed to be an important aspect of nationbuilding in the 1960s, it is now too often regarded as an
unnecessary luxury by politicians and civil servants with other
priorities – be they laudable or self-serving. The conservation of old
documents, letters, newspapers, maps, photographs, newsreels, and
suchlike, is costly and often neglected, leaving many collections at
the mercy of the tropical climate and insect population. The
accession and cataloguing of new state papers has also stalled in
68

some countries, with the result that their archives have remained
essentially as the record of colonial rule alone. These assets might
have been more strenuously defended had they been used by
generations of local historians. But many African universities have
also suffered ﬁnancial neglect in the era of economic decline and
political turmoil from the 1970s. In the worst cases of state collapse
and infrastructural breakdown, great chunks of the record of the
past remain in danger of crumbling away.

69

Africa’s past: historical sources

But it would be overly pessimistic to end on this note. Certainly,
before the wider expansion of literacy in the 20th century, we are
often prevented from accessing the experiences of individual
women and men and how those experiences were understood. The
lack of evidence continues to tempt historians towards essentialism,
towards generalizations about the thoughts and feelings of large
numbers of people. Yet many collections of documents remain
underutilized, while others continue to be discovered. North
African and Turkish archives, for example, contain large amounts of
neglected material on sub-Saharan Africa, while the Ahmad Baba
Historical Documentation and Research Centre in Timbuktu
(established in 1973) now contains some 20,000 locally authored
Arabic texts, reafﬁrming the role of that ancient city on the edge of
the Sahara as a centre of scholarship and learning. Historical
research in Africa is a real challenge, but new generations of
students both from the continent and beyond continue to uncover
such new sources and to re-read old ones in pursuit of the past.

Chapter 4
Africa in the world

Our focus in this chapter shifts from the sources and methods used
by historians to some of the histories they have come up with. It
also shifts from the particularities of Africa’s past to its engagement
with the broader sweep of world history. How does the history of
Africa ﬁt into that of the rest of the world? Has the course of the
African past been determined mainly by forces internal to the
continent itself, or by those emanating from beyond its shores?
To what extent have African peoples been able to shape their own
destinies?
These questions remain as knotty today as when the academic study
of African history began 50 years ago. Indeed, in this era of
accelerating globalization, they may be more pressing than ever. For
Africa’s pioneer historians, the task was to explode the European
myth of the continent as a timeless, insular realm, isolated from the
main currents of human progress. There can be no denying the
advances made on this score. At the start of the 21st century,
however, Africa is once again seen by many in the West (and in
‘the East’) as marginal to world affairs – and becoming increasingly
so. As other parts of the old Third World, especially the rising
economic powers of China and India, emerge onto the global
stage, Africa seems to be being left behind. Mired in poverty,
debt, corruption, and conﬂict, the continent is still perceived as
‘particular’, as beyond the pale.
70

Even where the West does not dominate the historical narrative,
Africa’s role in world history remains tenuous at best. C. A. Bayly’s
book The Birth of the Modern World (2004) is a case in point. Bayly,
a historian of South Asia, sets out to challenge the established
Eurocentric narrative of the emergence of ‘modernity’ by relocating
the process from the West to a broader, interconnected world
(once again, we can see how contemporary issues – ‘globalization’ –
spur historians to reconsider the past). But sub-Saharan Africa is
conspicuous in his account only by its absence: consigned still, in an
otherwise groundbreaking work, to the margins of history.
The local and the global are not mutually exclusive. Much recent
writing on Africa has focused on exploring the interaction between
the two, on the ambiguous, ‘liminal’ zones where they have collided
and on the distinctive new cultural forms that have been thrown up
as a result. These forms, it can be argued, are as modern as the
modernity once associated exclusively with Western progress.
Neither is modernity necessarily to be seen as a good thing. A
71

Africa in the world

Getting the balance right between the inﬁnitely varied textures of
local history on the one hand and broader, impersonal forces of
change on the other has been an issue for historians of all regions of
the world. But the need to overcome the hoary racial myths of the
past while at the same time capturing the distinctiveness of the
African historical experience has made it a particular concern for
Africanists. By emphasizing the autonomy of African history, the
danger is to underline the old idea of the continent’s essential
difference and isolation. But by emphasizing Africa’s
interconnectedness with the world beyond, the danger is to
submerge what has been distinctive about its history in a unilinear
process dominated by ‘the rise of the West’. This problem has been
compounded by a growing anxiety about the ‘appropriation’ of
indigenous forms of knowledge and representation by the Western
discipline of history. How suited is academic history, with its rules
of evidence and its aspirations to ‘universal truths’, to represent the
African past on its own terms and according to its own logic?

African History

leading French Africanist scholar, Jean-François Bayart, has argued
that the historic difﬁculties facing would-be state-builders in
consolidating power over populations within Africa has led to their
pursuing what he calls strategies of ‘extraversion’, that is,
‘mobilizing resources from their (possibly unequal) relationship
with the external environment’. The most striking example of this
strategy is the prominent role played by some African rulers in the
overseas slave trade, although Bayart, as a political scientist, is
concerned more with the venality of much of the continent’s
contemporary political leadership.
The internal versus the external, local versus global, the particular
versus the universal: by themselves these are simply frameworks
around which to organize and to think about historical evidence.
Only occasionally does the accumulation of evidence force a
fundamental shift in thinking one way or the other. We saw one
such shift conﬁrmed by the archaeological ﬁndings at Jenne-jeno,
which played a big part in pointing historians to internal rather
than external factors in explaining the rise of urbanism and
‘complex societies’ in the sudanic zone of West Africa. In this
chapter, we further consider the interconnections between Africa
and the world by looking at four major themes in the continent’s
history: the impact of Islam and Christianity, the slave trade, the
African diaspora, and the tumultuous changes of the 19th century.

A Kongolese Saint Anthony: world religions
and Africa
On 2 July 1706, at Evululu in the kingdom of Kongo (in the north of
modern Angola), Dona Beatriz Kimpa Vita was burned at the stake.
The 22-year-old Beatriz’s crimes were heresy and witchcraft. Two
years earlier, she had declared herself to be possessed by St Anthony
and had begun a popular religious movement aimed at reunifying
the kingdom following its descent into civil war in the 1660s. In a
campaign recorded by Italian Capuchin missionaries, Beatriz
preached a radical reinterpretation of Christian history, declaring
72

that Jesus, Mary, and St Francis – the Capuchins’ patron – were all
in fact Kongolese. Turning to a catechism translated into the
Kikongo language in 1624, she took as her central text the prayer to
the Virgin Mary, the Salve Regina, changing the wording so it
became the ‘Salve Antoniana’. At its height, her movement took
control of the old Kongo capital, São Salvador, but shortly thereafter
Beatriz fell into the hands of one of the warring royal factions.
Following her execution, the cycle of political violence continued,
with many Antonians suffering the fate of countless Kongolese
peasants before them: sold by warlords into the Atlantic slave trade.

Kongo was a rare success in the history of European attempts to
plant Christianity in Atlantic Africa during the era of the slave
trade. Yet the way in which Catholicism was reinterpreted and
reimagined by Kongolese believers was quite typical of the
integration of Christianity and of Islam into local African cultures –
and, indeed, of the appropriation of indigenous spiritual resources.
For both so-called world religions, this process of appropriation, or
73

Africa in the world

The slave trade we shall return to shortly. First, let us consider the
tragedy of Beatriz Kimpa Vita as an episode in the history of
Christianity. For those who associate the coming of Christianity to
Africa with Victorian missionaries like David Livingstone, the
existence of Catholic Africans in the 17th century may seem
surprising. Yet Catholicism in Kongo dates back to 1491, when
Portuguese mariners delivered the ﬁrst priests to the kingdom and
Nzinga a Nkuwu was baptized as King João I, its ﬁrst Christian
ruler. Under João’s son, Afonso I (1509–43), Catholicism became
the ofﬁcial state cult, mobilized by the king against rivals who
wielded kindoki, indigenous ritual power. It also began to spread
from the aristocracy to ordinary people, where it fused with
elements of kindoki to create a local ‘folk Catholicism’ apparent at
the time of Beatriz and beyond. Thus, Beatriz’s possession by St
Anthony must be seen in the light of her role as a nganga, a ‘spirit
medium’, while baptism was desired by many as protection against
ndoki, ‘witches’ (which she herself was accused of being).

13. Christianity in Kongo. A Capuchin missionary celebrates Mass in the Soyo province of the
kingdom of Kongo (present-day Angola). Watercolour by Bernadino Ignazio, a missionary in Soyo in
1743–7, from the manuscript ‘Missione in prattica. Padri cappuccino ne Regni di Congo, Angola et
adiacenti’, 1747, in the Biblioteca civica in Turin

‘Africanization’, was underway almost from their very beginnings.
It continues to the present day, and constitutes one of the most
dynamic developments in Africa’s social and intellectual history.

Islam too took on localized forms during its passage to the Maghrib,
across the Sahara, and down the East African coast. This does not
mean that it became ‘watered down’ from its fundamentals by being
absorbed into existing belief systems. As David Robinson, a leading
historian of Muslim societies in Africa, points out, ‘Africanization’
(or, more correctly, Berber-ization, Swahili-ization, Mandinkaization, etc.) does not mean the creation of an essentialized ‘African
Islam’ – the inferior Islam noir of the French colonial imagination.
Like Christianity, Islam in Africa was expressed in a huge diversity
of forms, ranging from heterodox Suﬁ orders to the most orthodox
reformist movements. A striking early example of the latter
were the Almoravids, a militant Berber movement that in the
11th century swept out of the western Sahara to ‘purify’ the
faith. Forging a new dynasty in Morocco and Spain ruled from
75

Africa in the world

The historical depth and complexity of Africa’s engagement with
world religions should not be underestimated. North Africa was an
important early centre of Christianity, which spread ﬁrst to Egypt
and then on to the rest of Roman Africa. From the 4th century, the
Egyptian Coptic Church (a breakaway from the Orthodox Church at
Constantinople) also sent missionaries south to Aksum in Ethiopia
and to Nubia. It was in Ethiopia where the faith became most ﬁrmly
embedded in local society, taking on a highly distinctive form
that included elements of ancient Judaism. Political legitimacy
came to turn on descent from the biblical King Solomon, a claim
enshrined in the Kebre Negast, ‘The Glory of the Kings’. Christian
warrior-kings, in alliance with equally tough-minded monastic holy
men, pushed the frontiers of the faith throughout the highlands,
defending their new Zion against pagan and Muslim enemies alike.
While Christianity in North Africa and then in Nubia succumbed
to the expansion of Islam, the Ethiopian Church survived into
modern times.

African History

Marrakesh, they were the precursors of later West African jihad
movements that sought to create Islamic states cleansed of
lingering ‘pagan’ inﬂuences.
In contrast to North Africa, the growth of Islam in the bilad
as-Sudan did not stem primarily from political conquest or the
Arabization of local cultures. For many centuries, it remained a
minority faith in overwhelmingly ‘pagan’ lands. Even in states
where ruling elites converted to Islam, such as medieval Mali or
Songhay, local believers often sought accommodation with
established ways of life rather than seeking to overthrow them. Yet
at the same time, they became part of something bigger: Muslim
space, Muslim time, and Muslim scriptural culture, focused on the
Qur’an. Like the claim of Ethiopian kings to Solomonic descent
(and Beatriz’s claim of a Kongolese Jesus), many sought to anchor
themselves historically in the faith by inventing genealogies that
went back to the Prophet or his companions. Such attachment
brought baraka (‘blessing’). It also conferred a broader identity,
one that transcended local communities and, by the 20th century,
complicated emerging ideas of what it meant to be ‘African’.
These issues: conversion, the ‘Africanization’ of Islam and
Christianity, the creation of new forms of ritual knowledge and of
new identities, perceptions of the world embedded in ideas such as
‘witchcraft’, have emerged in recent years at the cutting-edge of
much historical research. Previously, religion in Africa was a topic
left mainly to anthropologists (in the case of indigenous belief ) or to
religious studies departments (in the case of the world religions).
Yet the enormous expansion of Christianity and Islam on the
continent throughout the 20th century, together with the diverse
localized forms that both have taken, has meant that the theme of
religious encounter is one that historians can no longer ignore. The
vast majority of Africa’s population now profess to be either Muslim
or Christian, with the overall numbers of each about equal. From a
21st-century viewpoint, religious afﬁliation represents perhaps the
most striking historical engagement between Africa and the world.
76

Others have seen things differently. One is J. D. Y. Peel, an
anthropologist whose work focuses on Yoruba Christianity. In
Religious Encounter and the Making of the Yoruba, Peel sees
Christian conversion not as a colonization of the consciousness but
as a process of active appropriation. Yoruba Christians, he
demonstrates, strove to make the faith their own, incorporating it
into local narratives of progress and in doing so reshaping the
meaning and the content of ‘Yoruba’ itself. This difference in
interpretation may be explained to some extent by the contrasting
historical experiences of the Tswana, on the one hand, and the
Yoruba, on the other. It may also be due to the nature of the sources
available. The Comaroffs relied heavily on the writings of European
missionaries, while Peel made great use of the diaries of Yoruba
evangelists. But it also reﬂects a more fundamental debate
concerning the extent of African agency in the creation of the
transnational networks that have shaped the history of the modern
world.
77

Africa in the world

That said, many of the most important questions about religious
change in Africa continue to be asked by anthropologists. Wyatt
MacGaffey, for example, has been inﬂuential in extending the
history of the encounter between Christianity and the Kongo into
the 20th century, tracing the rise of modern movements such as
that inspired by the 1920s evangelist Simon Kimbangu – the heir
to the prophetic vision of Beatriz Kimpa Vita. The dynamics of
religious belief and practice, involving questions of how people in
the past thought about the world and their place in it, are tricky to
reconstruct and often controversial. One important debate has
arisen around the response of Africans to Christian missions. In
Of Revelation and Revolution, a study of 19th-century European
missions amongst the Tswana peoples of present-day Botswana and
South Africa, anthropologists Jean Comaroff and John Comaroff
argue that evangelization represented nothing less than a
‘colonization of the consciousness’. Christianity, in short, was the
key ingredient of a hegemonic European worldview imposed upon
its converts.

African History

Way of death: the slave trade in African history
Nowhere is this debate more pronounced or more impassioned
than with regard to the Atlantic slave trade. It is not difﬁcult to
understand why. Between the 1440s, when Portuguese mariners
ﬁrst began to kidnap and to purchase Africans, and 1867, the year of
the last recorded slaving voyage to the Americas, some 12 million
men, women, and children were turned into commodities and
exported from the continent. This bare statistic only goes so far in
capturing the violence, the devastation, and the degradation
initiated by what anti-slave trade campaigners called this ‘odious
commerce’. It does not include the countless lives lost through slave
raiding, warfare, and social breakdown within Africa, nor those
captives who succumbed to disease or maltreatment before
embarkation. Neither does it include those enslaved but not
exported, as Atlantic commerce acted as a catalyst for the expansion
and intensiﬁcation of slavery in African societies. And it does not
include those Africans who were born and then died in the cauldron
of the American slave system. Joseph Miller captures in one phrase
this history of systemized suffering: the slave trade in Angola, he
writes, became a ‘way of death’.
The Atlantic trade, moreover, was not the only African slave trade.
By the end of the ﬁrst millennium ad, captives were also being
taken across the Sahara, over the Red Sea, and from the coast of
East Africa, destined for servitude in North Africa and the
Mediterranean, in the Middle East, and throughout the Indian
Ocean. Much of this commerce was in the hands of Muslims. Far
less is known about it than the Atlantic trade, and the rarity of
statistical data means that the overall numbers of enslaved can only
be guessed at. Yet historians estimate that over more than 1,000
years, these combined trades may have involved a similar number of
victims: perhaps another 12 million Africans. The ‘Muslim’ trades
differed from the Atlantic trade in one important respect: whereas
the victims of the latter were bound overwhelmingly for productive
labour in the plantations and mines of the Americas, most victims
78

of the former were destined for some form of domestic servitude,
including concubinage. Twice as many African men as women were
therefore transported across the Atlantic, whereas it is estimated
that twice as many women as men were carried to the Muslim
world.

Assessing the role of the overseas slave trade in African history has
proved hugely complex. For a start, its magnitude varied
enormously over space and time. The Atlantic trade impacted on
different regions of the West African coast – from Senegal down to
Angola – to differing degrees over the four centuries of its operation.
By the 19th century, it had also extended around the Cape of Good
Hope to Mozambique, where it overlapped with the expanding
Indian Ocean trade. What was the long-term demographic impact
of the loss of population? To what extent was it responsible for
79

Africa in the world

When concerted research on the Atlantic slave trade began in the
1960s, the ﬁrst priority was simply getting the numbers straight.
One sometimes still reads wildly inﬂated ﬁgures like 20 million, or
even 50 million, Africans having traversed the so-called Middle
Passage. These do a disservice to decades of painstaking
investigation – as well as to the memory of those who did fall victim
to the slavers. The overall magnitude of the trade was conﬁrmed in
1999 with the landmark publication of The Trans-Atlantic Slave
Trade: A Database on CD-ROM, which details more than 27,000
slaving voyages from Africa to the New World from 1527 to 1867.
Research on the Middle Passage itself continues – on the more than
55 shipboard rebellions, for example, that are recorded between
1699 and 1845, of which that on the Amistad is only the most
famous. But historians of Africa are now shifting their attention to
slaving frontiers within the continent. The ongoing Nigerian
Hinterland Project, part of a UNESCO-sponsored ‘Slave Routes’
project, seeks to trace the origins of the millions of captives who
were marched over the centuries from an enormous catchment area
reaching deep into the savanna to ports of embarkation on the
so-called ‘Slave Coast’ (modern Togo and Bénin) and Nigeria.

African History

14. A ‘cofﬂe’ of slaves (from the Arabic kaﬁla, ‘caravan’) observed on
16 March 1850 chained together outside the Portuguese fort at Ouidah
(in present-day Bénin), from F. E. Forbes, Dahomey and the
Dahomans (London, 1851)

Africa’s modern ‘underdevelopment’? Then there is the question of
the relationship between the overseas trade and the institution of
slavery within Africa. Did the demand from overseas tap into
existing systems of servitude? Or was slavery in Africa caused by –
or at least transformed and intensiﬁed by – overseas demand?
Finally, in what ways did the slave trade reshape regional political
landscapes? What was the role of Africans themselves in the
making of Atlantic commerce?
These are only some of the more important lines of inquiry. There is
no space here even to summarize the range of possible answers, so
let’s step back and think about them in the context of our theme of
Africa in world history. All of these issues to some extent turn on the
problem of ‘getting the balance right’ between the internal and the
external, between the agency of Africans and the impact of global
80

forces. The slave trade was barbaric and exploitative, a crime
against humanity. But by emphasizing these features, the tendency
has been to portray Africa and Africans simply as passive victims. In
an important work of revision, Africa and Africans in the Making of
the Atlantic World, John Thornton argues that far from simply
being victims, Africans very much held their own in the balance of
power in the Atlantic in the era of the slave trade, controlling the
terms of trade and dominating exchanges on the West African
coast.

Africa’s ‘extraversion’, moreover, can be exaggerated. Historians
have been drawn to the slave trade because of its horrors, its moral
implications, its importance in forging an interconnected modern
world – and, it must be pointed out, because of the relative
abundance of written sources documenting its operation. It has
been described with good reason as Africa’s ‘holocaust’, and like the
Nazi holocaust of the 1930s–40s, occupies a prominent place in
popular perceptions of the past. But, as in the case of the Nazis,
there is an argument that it may have been given too much
prominence. At certain times, in certain regions, slave raiding had a
81

Africa in the world

This argument has been controversial. Not because of the issue of
Africans selling other Africans: there is no doubt that with only a
few partial exceptions, notably Portuguese Angola, Europeans were
restricted to the coast throughout the history of the trade,
purchasing their slaves from powerful African middlemen. Indeed,
slave testimonies reveal that it was common for captives to pass
through the hands of multiple owners as they moved down the
elaborate commercial networks to the grim barracoons and
dungeons of the coastal ports. Here we can see the most obvious
historical example of Bayart’s concept of ‘extraversion’: of powerful
African states and individuals forging economic links with outside
forces by exploiting weaker peoples around them. Rather, the
problem is that by stressing African agency, it becomes all too easy
to lose sight of the fact that the majority of Africans involved in the
making of the Atlantic world were victims.

devastating impact on local communities. Elsewhere, it was an
important factor in the accumulation of political and economic
power by state-builders and warlords. But it is important that it
should not overshadow other historical processes – both ‘local’ and
‘global’ – that continued to shape the rhythms of life throughout the
continent.

African History

The travels of Mahommah Gardo Baquaqua: Africa
and its diaspora
In 1854, a pamphlet entitled An Interesting Narrative. Biography of
Mahommah G. Baquaqua, A Native of Zoogoo, in the Interior of
Africa was published in Detroit, Michigan. In part an abolitionist
tract, in part missionary propaganda, it was one of a number of
narratives by or about former slaves that appeared in the USA in the
years leading up to the Civil War. All of the others, however,
concerned slaves born in America. Some accounts exist of the
experiences within Africa of ‘recaptives’; that is, slaves freed from
ships intercepted by British naval patrols and resettled in Sierra
Leone, Liberia, and elsewhere. But Baquaqua’s narrative is one of
just a handful by Africans who actually endured the Middle
Passage. The most famous is that of Olaudah Equiano, published in
London in 1789 (although recent research has raised serious doubts
over the authenticity of Equiano’s African birth). Baquaqua’s
biography, moreover, is unique in being the only known narrative of
an African enslaved in Brazil, the destination for one-third of all
slaves transported across the Atlantic.
Compiled and edited by an Irish abolitionist churchman, Samuel
Moore, it tells an extraordinary story. Mahommah Gardo Baquaqua
was born, probably in the late 1820s, in Djougou, a trading town
located in the north of modern Bénin. The son of well-off Muslim
merchants, he attended Qur’anic school and as a young man
secured a position within the household of the local ruler. In about
1845, however, he was kidnapped (by jealous rivals, he claims) and
sold into slavery, passing down through the kingdom of Dahomey to
82

the slave-trading port of Ouidah. From there, he was exported to
Brazil, where he was the slave of a baker in Pernambuco and then of
a ship captain in Rio de Janeiro. On a voyage to New York City in
1847, he managed to escape, subsequently travelling to the blackruled republic of Haiti. There he became associated with the
American Baptist Free Mission, and in 1848 renounced his Muslim
upbringing and converted to Christianity. Moving back to the USA
and then on to Canada, Baquaqua appears to have produced his
biography in the hope of raising funds to enable him to return to
Africa as a Christian missionary. His pamphlet, however, made little
impact. Thwarted, he sailed for Liverpool, where, in 1857, he
disappears from the historical record.

These have long been controversial questions – although more so
in America than in Africa. As we have seen, early African
American intellectuals envisaged the cultural unity of ‘the Negro
race’. So too did 20th-century pan-Africanist leaders like W. E. B.
Du Bois and Marcus Garvey, the writers of the négritude
movement, and the anthropologist Melville Herskovits, whose
inﬂuential Myth of the Negro Past (1941) argued for the
continuity of African culture amongst the black populations of
the Americas. After the Second World War, however, the racial
categorization of the world and pan-Africanism as a political
83

Africa in the world

Aside from the fact that it has come down to us at all, Baquaqua’s
biography is unusual. Very few victims of the transatlantic slave
trade would have escaped slavery and gone on to experience that
degree of mobility. Yet as a story of bondage and redemption, of
physical and spiritual movement that spans Africa, the Americas,
and Europe, it encapsulates the essence of the African diaspora. We
have already touched on the role of people of African descent in the
Americas in shaping both the idea of Africa and of particular
identities such as Yoruba. We return to it here in the broader
context of the interconnections between African history and the
history of the African diaspora. Where does one end and the other
begin? How ‘African’ is the diaspora?

15. Title page of Biography of Mahommah G. Baquaqua (Detroit,
1854)

programme both declined. As Patrick Manning points out, it is
notable that Du Bois replaced his earlier survey of black history,
The Negro (1915), with a new version entitled The World and
Africa (1946). With the rise of African nationalism in the 1950s –
and with it the study of African history – the continent itself
came into sharper focus. In Manning’s words, ‘place superseded
race’. The history of Africa went one way, and that of the black
diaspora the other.

There is a growing awareness, too, that the notion of diaspora must
include Africa itself. As Pier Larson argues in a recent study of the
slave trade in the Merina kingdom of highland Madagascar, the
process of enslavement involved not just the removal of victims
from the shores of Africa but also widespread displacement,
trauma, and cultural change within the continent. Indeed, it is quite
likely that more Africans were enslaved and relocated within Africa
during the era of the Atlantic trade than were exported, especially
as the overseas trade was choked off in the 19th century. With this in
mind, the question posed above can be reversed: it is not just a
85

Africa in the world

In recent decades, the study of the connections between the two
have come very much to the fore. Rather than being concerned with
racial essences or with the old debate about the loss or retention of
African traits (or ‘survivals’) in the Americas, historians are now
beginning to explore cross-cultural exchanges in a wide variety of
contexts: throughout the Atlantic, in the Indian Ocean, and within
Africa itself. As research unearths more and more evidence of
movement, of cultural transformation, and of boundary crossing –
such as Baquaqua’s biography – so the possibilities increase for
thinking about Africa not as a continent in isolation, but as an
integral part of the modern world. Interest in the pan-Africanist
visions of anglophone African American elites has now expanded to
include research on topics such as the relationship between Africa
and Brazil, including the continuing presence of Islam amongst
African-Brazilians and the 19th-century movement of freed slaves
back to the west coast of Africa.

matter of thinking about how ‘African’ is the diaspora, we also need
to consider how ‘diasporic’ is Africa.

African History

Africa’s turbulent 19th century
The 19th century was a time of turbulent change in much of Africa.
With regard to the three themes we have already considered, the
interconnections between local and global forces were transformed
in a variety of ways. Across the sudanic zone from Senegal to Sudan,
Islamic reformists emerged to challenge the prevailing status quo,
seeking to purify the faith and to build new Muslim states. Christian
missionary endeavour also entered a more militant phase,
Protestant denominations joining the Catholic Church in the effort
to evangelize ‘heathens’ and to turn back the perceived Muslim tide.
Entwined with both of these religious processes was the
transformation of slavery and the slave trades. Following Britain’s
abolition of the slave trade in 1807, the Atlantic trade came to a
gradual halt – although not before another three million Africans
were transported to the Americas. Yet the century witnessed an
expansion of slave exports into the Indian Ocean, as well as of
enslavement within the continent. Meanwhile, in the Americas, and
in the ‘creole’ communities of the West African coast, literate
African elites, energized by Christianity and by abolitionism, began
to reimagine their own identities as well as that of a redeemed
Africa.
To these processes can be added a further element in Africa’s
changing engagement with the world: that of the gradual
penetration of European imperialism. In terms of direct political
control, the European presence on the continent was minimal until
the ‘Scramble’ of the 1880s–90s. Beyond a handful of coastal
enclaves that had emerged as outgrowths of the slave trade,
European-ruled territory was limited to Africa’s southern and
northern extremities: the British outpost of the Cape Colony (to
which was later added Natal and the independent Boer republics),
and, from 1830, the French colony of Algeria. As the century
86

progressed, however, the political and economic clout of
industrializing Europe – meaning by and large that of Britain and,
to a lesser extent, France – asserted itself in a variety of ways. These
added up to what has been called ‘informal imperialism’. ‘Informal’
it may have been, but it represented a fundamental shift in the
balance of power on the coasts of Africa.

The increasing intervention of Europe into African affairs is
apparent in the anti-slave trade campaign. British ships had carried
the largest proportion of Africans across the Atlantic in the 18th
century, slave-grown Caribbean sugar making a critical
contribution to the national economy. In 1807, however, the
abolitionist lobby secured the outlawing of the trade for British
subjects. Over subsequent decades, Britain cajoled other slavetrading nations to follow suit, imposing a naval blockade of the
West African coast and threatening to do the same to Brazil. By
the 1850s, the illegal trade was reduced to a trickle. British
motives were shaped by a mixture of economic self-interest and
high-minded humanitarianism. For the rulers of the coastal
87

Africa in the world

A signal of things to come was Napoleon Bonaparte’s occupation of
Egypt in 1798. French forces remained for only three years (before
being ejected by the British), but the ease with which they took
control of a core province of the Ottoman empire shook the rulers of
Muslim North Africa. In Egypt, the aftermath of the occupation saw
the rise to power of Muhammad Ali (1805–48), a soldier of
Albanian extraction who embarked on a strategy of modernization
in order to counter the growing threat of the West. The French
intervention also marked a key moment in the development of
European ideas about the ‘orient’. Napoleon took with him a large
contingent of scientists, whose research marked the beginning of
the discipline of Egyptology as well as the European scholarly
engagement with Islam. They also made off with a large number of
ancient artefacts (including the Rosetta Stone, which allowed the
translation of Egyptian hieroglyphs): an early example of
imperialism as science – or as cultural plunder.

African History

middlemen states, however, what the campaign amounted to was a
unilateral embargo on their most important export commodity:
people. The subsequent encouragement of non-slave exports
(so-called legitimate commerce) also carried the tone of a moral
crusade. By the high Victorian period, a combination of
‘Christianity, civilization, and commerce’ was seen to be the key to
the redemption of a benighted continent.
The transition from the slave trade to ‘legitimate commerce’
unfolded in a variety of ways across the continent. In the coastal
region of West Africa, agricultural commodities such as palm oil
and groundnuts gradually replaced slave exports, in some areas
diffusing wealth amongst small producers and traders. The new
commerce was often championed by the literate elites of Sierra
Leone, Liberia, the Gold Coast, and elsewhere, who emerged as a
new kind of ‘broker’ between Africa and Europe at the expense of
the old slave-trading aristocracies. Elsewhere, such as in Dahomey,
the latter adapted to changing conditions, diversifying into palm oil
but continuing to smuggle slaves (like Mahommah Baquaqua) past
Royal Navy patrols.
Yet slavery within Africa, far from ‘withering away’ with the end of
the Atlantic trade as abolitionists had hoped, expanded. Slave
labour once exported to the Americas was now exploited more
intensively in Africa – ironically, often as a result of the demand for
new commodities. The warfare that accompanied the forging of
new Islamic states such as the Sokoto Caliphate (in northern
Nigeria) generated huge numbers of ‘pagan’ captives. Many
continued to be marched to the coast for illegal export, but more
were settled as agricultural workers. After the abolition of slavery in
Brazil in 1888, the Sokoto Caliphate was the world’s largest slave
society, with perhaps one-third of its population in bondage. In
northeast Africa, too, state-building was characterized by the
enslavement of pagan peoples, as Muhammad Ali and his
successors sought to extend Egyptian rule down the Nile and into
the equatorial region of Sudan.
88

16. ‘Legitimate commerce’ in the 19th century. A diverse crowd of Indians, Arabs, local
Swahilis, and Europeans watch a labourer unload tusks in Zanzibar’s ivory market,
circa 1890–2

African History

Violence, enslavement, and political struggles were also widespread
across much of central, eastern, and southern Africa. Here, the
commercial transition was dominated not by agricultural
production but by foraged products, especially ivory. Vast elephant
herds were decimated as ivory-trading frontiers pushed inexorably
from the east and west coasts towards the Congo basin. The
possession of guns, together with new sources of mercantile wealth,
altered the balance of political power in many regions. Established
states, such as the Lunda and Luba kingdoms, were brought low by
well-armed intruders or by internal dissent. Elsewhere, new
domains arose, such as those forged in the eastern Congo by Swahili
ivory and slave traders from Zanzibar. In South Africa and in
Algeria, meanwhile, white settler frontiers advanced inland,
generating armed violence and increasing levels of dispossession.
These multiple processes would culminate in the closing decades of
the century in the European conquest and partition of the
continent. In the next chapter, we consider this new phase in
Africa’s long relationship with the world. But we can conclude from
the four themes outlined here that Africans were very much part of
world history long before the violent imposition of colonial rule.
As everywhere, sometimes this was on their own terms, at other
times not.

90

Chapter 5
Colonialism in Africa

Colonial rule came late to Africa. It was also relatively brief. Unlike
Latin America, which fell under Spanish and Portuguese rule in the
early 16th century and remained that way for 300 years, Africa was
conquered by European imperial powers only in the late 19th and
early 20th centuries. By the 1960s, the colonial period was all but
over. In many parts of the continent, it lasted barely two
generations: Morocco, for example, became a French protectorate
in 1912 and was again independent in 1956 – the era of colonial
domination now shorter than that of renewed sovereignty. While
conducting research in the north of Ghana in the late 1990s, one of
the present authors interviewed old men and women who as young
children remembered the military campaign that in 1911 brought
their communities under British overrule. Forty-six years later, in
1957, the British were gone.
In further contrast with the Americas, whose indigenous peoples
suffered catastrophic demographic collapse and in some regions
cultural annihilation, most African civilizations were robust enough
to survive the experience of colonial conquest largely intact.
European rule, underpinned throughout the continent by coercion
and racism, was often violent, exploitative, and traumatic. But its
impact varied enormously: across time, from region to region and
colony to colony, between men and women and young and old, and
according to a multitude of social, political, and economic factors
91

African History

that were often shaped as much by Africans themselves as by their
colonial masters. For some Africans, colonial rule represented a
threat; for others, an opportunity. For many, it was probably both.
Reconstructing these complex patterns is one of the greatest
challenges facing historians of Africa today.
When the systematic study of the African past began in the 1960s,
historians were not particularly interested in the period of colonial
rule that was then drawing to a close. They were concerned more to
look back to precolonial Africa, to demonstrate that the continent
had an authentic history before the imposition of European rule
(see Chapter 6). Colonial conquest was viewed as an illegitimate
rupture, a digression – too close and, for some, too painful, to yet be
‘history’. In one inﬂuential formulation, pioneering Nigerian
historian Jacob Ade Ajayi described colonialism as an ephemeral
‘episode in African history’, characterized by a fundamental
continuity of indigenous institutions. In the 1950s, after all, the
history of colonialism was just about the only African history that
there was: a story written by Europeans – often colonial ofﬁcials
themselves – of European endeavour in which Africans barely
featured. At the height of the liberation struggles, the imperative
was to get rid of colonial rule rather than to analyse it. As Frederick
Cooper writes in a recent survey of the shifting fortunes of colonial
studies: ‘Many students thought that all they needed to know about
colonialism was its horrors.’
Half a century on, things have changed. The last 20 years have
witnessed an extraordinary expansion of interest in the colonial
period. Indeed, one often hears the lament at academic conferences
and seminars that precolonial history is now sorely neglected – a
worry that appears to be borne out if one examines the contents of
the leading African history journals. Part of this shift is due simply
to the passage of time: the decline and fall of European empires is
now as long ago as the Scramble for Africa was in the 1950s.
Colonialism is now very much history, the intervening gap
providing historians with two crucial resources: written documents,
92

and time for reﬂection. It is not simply that the range of sources
available to write the history of colonial Africa is so much greater
than that for all the centuries before – although that certainly is a
factor in attracting research. It is also because an expanding range
of theoretical tools and analytical insights have enabled historians
to think about colonialism in much more sophisticated ways than
before. This is also the case with respect to the Americas, to Asia
and, indeed, to the imperial ‘metropoles’ of Europe itself.

Where Ajayi was right was in his suggestion that imperial power
was not as dominant, as coherent, or as monolithic as it tried to
pretend. As more becomes known about the myriad ways that
Africans actively participated in making the world of colonialism,
so too the notion of a distinct ‘colonial period’ itself becomes
problematic. Rather than thinking about the continent’s past as a
sequence of distinct precolonial, colonial, and postcolonial periods,
historians are increasingly concerned to trace patterns of continuity
and change between all three.

Conquest
In terms of popular perceptions of the past, both within Africa and
beyond, the European ‘Scramble’ for territory at the end of the
19th century is perhaps the best-known episode in the continent’s
93

Colonialism in Africa

This new thinking can be boiled down to one simple observation:
colonialism was not just about what European rulers did or
thought, it was also about what Africans (or Asians, or others) did
and thought. It is no longer adequate to dismiss colonial rule either
as a digression from an authentically ‘African’ history or simply as
morally reprehensible. As with the issue of the transatlantic slave
trade, historians are as inclined as anybody to hold value
judgements about the nature of European imperialism. But their
task is to move beyond such judgements in order to reconstruct the
lived experience of African peoples under colonial rule in all its
complexities and contradictions.

African History

entire history. Ironically, it also remains one of the least understood.
Part of the problem is that colonial conquest has often been seen
more as an event of European history rather than of African history:
a drama of imperial rivalries, high diplomacy, and audacious
military feats played out on a vast continental stage where Africans
have few speaking parts. Moreover, while it is useful in some
respects to see the conquest as a scramble, it was also a series
of regional scrambles, plural, unfolding for different reasons in
different parts of the continent.
Historical debates about these reasons have turned on a range of
intersecting issues: whether the roots of partition lie in Europe or
in Africa; the extent to which economic motives were the key
factor; whether the shift to territorial conquest represented a
distinctly new type of imperialism or continuity from older forms
of informal control. These questions began to emerge in Europe
while the conquest was still underway, when the British liberal
writer J. A. Hobson argued that the South African (or ‘Boer’) War
of 1899–1902 was being waged in order that British-based
capitalists could secure control over the region’s gold mines. They
have faded from view somewhat in recent years, as historians,
suspicious of monocausal explanations and grand ‘metanarratives’,
have turned to exploring the multitude of discordant voices, both
European and African, that arose from the experience of colonial
conquest.
Amidst all this debate, let’s start with some key facts. In the ﬁnal
quarter of the 19th century, the gradual European penetration of
Africa suddenly accelerated into a head-long rush for territorial
conquest. The imperial powers involved were those with established
commercial interests and coastal enclaves, Britain, France, and
Portugal (the latter dating back to the 16th century), and a group
who hitherto had had little or nothing to do with the continent,
Germany, Italy, and, as a private colonial entrepreneur, King
Leopold of Belgium. A seventh European state, the waning imperial
power of Spain, also secured a few small territories.
94

Map 4. Colonial empires in Africa before 1914

African History

The entrance into African affairs of these newcomers – in particular
the newly uniﬁed Germany under Bismarck – threatened the
established position of Britain, the dominant world power in the
19th century whose merchants controlled the bulk of Africa’s
external trade. So too did the new ‘forward policy’ of France, which
in the early 1880s gave its military commanders in Senegal free
rein to extend territorial control inland while encouraging its
agents elsewhere to secure treaties with local rulers. For the
European powers, the value of African trade was small,
representing, for example, less than 5% of Britain’s overseas trade
(the bulk of which was with Egypt and South Africa). But at a time
of economic downturn, rising tensions in established commercial
relations on the coast, and growing knowledge of the interior, the
allure of potential wealth to be secured by the forceful ‘opening up’
of the continent played a crucial role in convincing European
statesmen to acquiesce to the increasingly shrill demands of small
groups of imperial enthusiasts and opportunists.
The speculative nature of conquest is clear, with the desire to
exclude rivals from potentially lucrative regions often being more
important than the protection of established interests. But there
was also a strong collaborative strain in the European carve-up of
Africa. The opening up of the continent was regarded as an
ennobling ‘mission’, not just to trade with, but through doing so to
civilize a backward, benighted people. Imperialist rhetoric was a
heady mix of self-interest, racial arrogance, and missionary zeal –
similar in many ways to that of the earlier anti-slave trade
campaign. Imperial collaboration was also apparent in the famous
Berlin West Africa Conference of 1884–5, which served to sort out
existing territorial contests and to lay down ground rules for
subsequent annexations. The rules of the game worked, by and
large. The demarcation of coastal spheres of inﬂuence was followed
in the 1890s by the headlong race to establish the ‘effective
occupation’ of interior hinterlands. For all the popular jingoism
and sabre rattling, no two European powers ever came to blows in
Africa – until, that is, the First World War.
96

That, in a nutshell, is the European side of the story. The reality of
conquest as it unfolded on the ground was, of course, a lot more
complex. For a start, the avoidance of violence between imperial
rivals did not extend to their African opponents. Occupation was
often secured by negotiation and treaty, with dubious offers of
‘protection’ (and it was very much in the maﬁa sense of the term)
being extended to local rulers. But in many regions European forces
faced stiff resistance – often after intense debates within African
states and communities on how best to defend local sovereignty.
Armed resistance tended to come either from militarized states,
many of which had built up their own coercive capabilities earlier in
the turbulent 19th century, or from stubbornly independent
stateless peoples for whom any sort of overrule was anathema.

Conquest was further facilitated – and, importantly, cheapened –
by the widespread use of locally recruited African soldiers. Many
were ex-slaves who had much to gain from the overthrow of the
established order. An early model for such mercenary forces were
the tirailleurs sénégalais, the ‘Senegalese Riﬂemen’, who fought
their way across the sudanic zone of West Africa in the service of
France. Only two sets of African state-builders came close to
97

Colonialism in Africa

In the face of the overwhelming superiority of European industrial
technology, however, resistance proved to be futile. It is notable that
when France invaded Algiers in 1830, it enjoyed little or no
advantage in weapons technology and became embroiled in a costly
17-year war of attrition against local forces that tied down large
numbers of metropolitan troops. By the end of the century, in
contrast, the ‘tools of empire’ brutally swept aside Africa’s warrior
elites. These tools were not just guns, but medicines, steamships,
railways, telegraphs, and the organizational capabilities of the
industrial state. Yet it was the technology gap in weaponry that was
crucial – horriﬁcally illustrated at the battle of Omdurman in 1898,
when the Sudanese Mahdist soldiers repeatedly charged
Kitchener’s machine guns, leaving some 11,000 dead for the loss of
49 soldiers on the British side.

17. Conquest. The Mahdist commander Mahmud Ibn Ahmad (whose signature appears in Arabic) held
by soldiers of the 10th Sudanese Battalion following his capture at the Battle of Atbara during the
Anglo-Egyptian conquest of the Sudan in 1898. Mahmud wears the jibba, the appliquéd smock of the
Ansar, the warriors of the Mahdist movement

matching the political and military resources of their European
rivals: the white Boer republics of South Africa and the rulers of
the ancient highland kingdom of Ethiopia. The former held out
against the might of the British empire for three years, ﬁnally
surrendering after a bitter and costly war in 1902. Ethiopia alone
won the race for power, routing an invading Italian army in 1896,
securing its sovereignty by treaty, and going on to extend its own
imperial rule over surrounding peoples. It would remain
independent until 1936, when it fell to Mussolini’s invading fascist
army. By then, the arms gap had increased further, Emperor Haile
Sellassie’s cavalry succumbing to Italian armour, aeroplanes, and
poison gas.

Other peoples rose in rebellion against the oppressive demands of
the early colonial state, notably the Ndebele of Southern Rhodesia
in 1896, the Asante of the Gold Coast in 1900, and the Herero of
German South West Africa in 1904 (now Zimbabwe, Ghana, and
Namibia, respectively). Perhaps the best-known uprising against
colonial rule was the Maji Maji rebellion in German East Africa
(now Tanzania) in 1905–7, which united diverse peoples under the
banner of a religious movement that distributed sacred water, or
maji, as protection from German bullets. As amongst the Herero,
the loss of life in the resulting suppression and subsequent famine
was enormous. The devastated region had barely begun to recover
99

Colonialism in Africa

Despite the speed of partition, the process of colonial conquest
continued in some regions for many decades. Once Morocco had
fallen under French rule and Libya under Italian rule in 1912, the
entire continent with the exception of Ethiopia and the African
American settler state of Liberia had, on paper, been incorporated
into European empires. Yet colonial armies and bureaucracies were
tiny, and huge swathes of territory remained outside any effective
control. The conquest of stateless peoples in the forests of West
Africa and across the sudanic zone, for example, was prolonged,
characterized by brutal punitive expeditions that targeted entire
communities.

when it was engulfed by the allied campaign against German forces
in the First World War.

African History

The most devastating social disruption and loss of life in early
colonial Africa, however, took place in King Leopold’s so-called
Congo Independent State. Here violence was associated not with
the suppression of rebellion but with a desperate attempt to extract
wealth in the form of ivory and rubber from the scattered
populations of the equatorial forest. This was the setting of Joseph
Conrad’s Heart of Darkness (1901) and his scathing short story, An
Outpost of Progress (1897). The effort by missionaries and
journalists to alert the world to the atrocities in the Congo can
be seen as the ﬁrst successful human rights campaign of the
20th century. In 1908, Leopold was forced by international pressure
to hand his vast private ﬁefdom over to the Belgian government.
The First World War was, with the exception of the Italian invasion
of Ethiopia, the ﬁnal act in the partition of Africa. Following its
defeat in 1918, Germany lost its colonial possessions, which were
divided amongst the victorious allies, technically as ‘mandates’
under the oversight of the new League of Nations. The victors
included the Union of South Africa, from 1910 a self-governing
Dominion of the British empire that emerged as a sub-imperial
power in its own right when it was granted the mandate over
neighbouring South West Africa. The multilayered nature of
‘sub-imperialism’ was also evident in the Sudan, which after its
reconquest from the Mahdist regime was governed jointly by
Britain and its protectorate, Egypt. The aftermath of war witnessed
a further reorganization of empire, when a resurgence of Egyptian
nationalism forced Britain to grant the country semi-independence
in 1922. Egypt and South Africa were exceptional cases. After the
violence of the era of conquest, by the interwar period European
rule seemed secure throughout tropical Africa. But the overlapping
chronology is telling: no sooner had the ﬁnal imperial map of Africa
taken shape than the ﬁrst signs of an unravelling of colonialism
began to appear.
100

Colonial states

Early on at least, there were some differences in national ‘styles’ of
rule. The ofﬁcials of republican France were often quick to
dismantle uncooperative African ruling structures, in line with a
vague ideology that sought ultimately to transform indigenous
society by ‘assimilating’ it to metropolitan culture. At the heart of
the notion of assimilation was the distinction between citizen and
subject, the latter being subject to the harsh terms of the ‘native’
legal code, the indigénat (versions of which were also operated by
the Portuguese and Belgians). British ofﬁcials, in contrast, were
more inclined to make use of existing rulers – especially if, as in the
case of the emirs of the Sokoto Caliphate of northern Nigeria, the
latter were aristocratic authoritarians with whom business could be
done.
It was this more conservative model, as pioneered in northern
101

Colonialism in Africa

How did the European powers rule their new African empires?
What exactly is meant by ‘colonialism’ in the African context? In
considering these questions, it is important to stress that little
systematic thought was given to how African possessions should be
run. What thought there was, moreover, rarely made it off the
drawing board – and that which did tended to dissipate when rulers
were confronted with the stark realities of administering vast tracts
of territory and diverse, often recalcitrant peoples on shoestring
budgets. The speed of partition meant that colonial states were
improvised affairs from the outset, based on a variety of ad hoc
arrangements determined largely by local conditions. Ideas about
how best to manage ‘natives’ were often transferred from previous
colonial encounters: in the case of Britain, from its Indian empire,
and France, from its North African bridgehead in Algeria. But such
ideas were often contested and contradictory. French ofﬁcialdom,
for example, displayed an ambivalent attitude towards Islam:
Muslims were generally regarded as superior in terms of civilization
to ‘pagan’ peoples, but were also seen to be inherently disloyal.

African History

Nigeria by Lord Lugard, that came to be known as ‘indirect rule’. By
the time of the Depression of the 1930s, when cost-efﬁciency was
the order of the day, it had been adopted in one shape or another
throughout the continent by all the colonial powers. European
imperialists invaded Africa on the pretext that Africans were
incapable of properly governing themselves; once established there,
however, they found they were unable to govern without the
participation of African allies and intermediaries.
As has been the case in empires throughout history, many Africans
chose to embrace the new colonial order and worked to turn it to
their own advantage. Such individuals ranged from humble exslaves who enrolled in colonial armies, clerks and interpreters who
used literacy as an avenue of social and economic advance, on to
kings and chiefs who consolidated their political positions in
alliance with European power. Of the latter, one of the most famous
was Sir Apolo Kaggwa (1869–1927), who played a key role in
negotiating British overrule in the Buganda kingdom in modern
Uganda. Christian missionaries had a signiﬁcant impact in
Buganda in the 1880s, attracting ambitious young men whose
newly found literacy earned them the status of ‘reader’. By the end
of the decade, as rival Muslim, Protestant, and Catholic factions
vied for power at the royal court, the young Kaggwa became leader
of the Protestants, forging an alliance with incoming British forces
and, with their backing, becoming katikiro or ‘prime minister’.
With the encouragement of missionary-ethnographer John Roscoe,
Kaggwa began collecting oral traditions. In 1901, he published
Basekabaka be Buganda (‘The Kings of Buganda’), the ﬁrst of three
works in Luganda on the history and customs of his people. Kaggwa
emerges as the archetypal modernizer and ‘cultural broker’, skilfully
mediating between colonial power and indigenous culture. His
books – which he published himself on his own printing press –
represent the earliest recension of the royal history of Buganda.
Like Johnson’s History of the Yorubas, Kaggwa’s work was, of
course, a particular version of history. It too prompted a succession
102

of responses, written by the literate representatives of neighbouring
kingdoms such as Buganda’s long-standing rival, Bunyoro. Modern
historians regard such early written histories as complex primary
sources, needing careful contextualization in the power structures
from which they emerged. For many Ugandans, however, Kaggwa’s
books have come to represent the ‘ofﬁcial’ version of the Bugandan
past. His inﬂuence as a cultural broker very much continues today.

Coercion also characterized much of French- and Belgian-ruled
equatorial Africa and Portuguese-ruled Angola and Mozambique.
In the equatorial forest region in particular, the early colonial state
was so under-resourced that it farmed out control over vast tracts of
territory to so-called concessionary companies, smash-and-grab
outﬁts whose main concern was to pillage as much wealth as
quickly as possible. Just as West Africa’s peasant farming systems
were founded on precolonial initiatives, so too can the
concessionary regimes be seen as a continuation of the crude
violence of the slave and ivory raiding frontiers that swept into the
103

Colonialism in Africa

Such African allies were critical for a simple reason: colonial rule in
Africa was done on the cheap. This was as true for imperial Britain
as it was for impoverished and backward Portugal. The grand
visions and wildly inﬂated hopes of untapped wealth quickly faded,
replaced by an ongoing struggle on the part of thinly stretched
bureaucracies to impose law and order, to raise taxes, and to
mobilize labour. The resulting economic systems were as diverse as
those of the precolonial past – and in many regions were based on
the commercial transformations of the 19th century. Where African
farmers had already forged viable export economies, notably in
Egypt and in the coastal and forest zones of West Africa, colonial
states were eager for them to continue to expand commodity
production. Remote, less fertile hinterland regions such as the
sudanic zone of French West Africa, in contrast, were often
subjected to more coercive revenue-extraction measures: punishing
levels of head-tax, forced labour (extracted under the terms of the
indigénat), and compulsory cultivation.

African History

18. Cultural brokers. Apolo Kaggwa, katikiro of Buganda (right), poses
with his friend and fellow Christian modernizer Ham Mukasa in 1902.
Photograph by Sir Benjamin Stone

Congo basin in the 19th century. This was the state as predator,
personiﬁed by the peoples of the lower Congo River as bula matari,
the ‘breaker of rocks’. The destruction was such that Jan Vansina
has argued, in sharp contrast to Jacob Ajayi’s view of the colonial
period, that conquest spelt the ‘death of the old tradition’
throughout equatorial Central Africa. These two contrasting
104

historical perspectives speak volumes about the huge regional
diversity of the colonial experience.
Elsewhere, notably in French North Africa and in British-ruled
Kenya, Southern Rhodesia and, until 1910, South Africa, ofﬁcials
believed that the chief agents of economic advance should be white
settlers rather than African producers. In these regions,
‘colonialism’ meant something quite different again. European
communities remained small minorities everywhere, including in
the two great outposts of white settlement at either end of the
continent, Algeria and South Africa. But settlers had a
disproportionate, albeit contested, inﬂuence on the trajectory of

Colonialism in Africa

19. Work and mobility. Laying railway tracks in the Belgian Congo in
1914
105

African History

economic and social change in their respective colonies. For
indigenous African populations, this inﬂuence tended to be
detrimental: settlers were usually allocated the best agricultural
land, whose previous guardians were reduced to being landless
labourers or were forced into overcrowded ‘native reserves’. In
British East Africa and in South Africa, the situation was further
complicated by sizable populations of Indian migrants, who
occupied an ambiguous middle tier in the colonial racial hierarchy.
In South Africa, Southern Rhodesia and Northern Rhodesia (now
Zambia), and in the southern part of the Belgian Congo, moreover,
European mining companies competed with white farmers for
access to African labour. Early on, many Africans workers and
farmers – especially young men seeking to escape paternal authority
– took advantage of the new-found availability of wage labour and
the expansion of markets for foodstuffs. By the interwar period,
however, the so-called ‘settler-mining’ economies were becoming
increasingly coercive, as land alienation and the demands of
migrant labour systems were placing huge strains on many African
communities.
All these demands being placed on Africans throughout the
continent: to pay taxes, to grow new crops, to move aside for white
settlers, to travel to new areas to work, created another
contradiction at the heart of colonialism. The overriding European
vision of Africa was that it was static, primitive, ‘traditional’ – a
condition that colonial rulers, by and large, believed it was in their
own interest and in that of their African subjects to preserve. Yet the
exploitation of the continent’s natural resources and manpower was
creating widespread social change. From north to south, people
were being drawn into cash economies, reformulating family
relationships, moving to towns and cities, breaking old bonds of
allegiance and creating new ones.
Some of these bonds were contained within individual territories,
giving rise by the 1930s to an inchoate sense of being, say,
106

Colonial knowledge
To rule Africa, colonial ofﬁcials needed knowledge about
African languages, cultures, and laws, which in many regions
began to be compiled with the assistance of local intermediaries within a few years of occupation. In some cases, this
process extended to knowledge of the past, notably with the
work of a number of administrator-scholars in French North
and West Africa. Historical material on Algeria appeared
from as early as 1856 in the Revue Africaine, and by 1900, O.
Houdas’s translation of the Ta’rikh al-sudan had been published in Paris. The most prominent ﬁgure in this respect
was Maurice Delafosse, who in 1909 introduced the teaching
Houdas, he translated the other great Timbuktu chronicle,
the Ta’rikh al-fattash, and in 1912 produced a massive,
three-volume survey of the Mande world, Haut-SénégalNiger, including much historical material derived from the
chronicles and from oral sources. A comparable British ﬁgure was H. R. Palmer, who immersed himself in indigenous
accounts of the history of northern Nigeria. Such works were
products of their times – Palmer, for example, was a ﬁrm
believer in the Hamitic hypothesis – but remind us that the
colonial vision of Africa as a continent without history was
far from monolithic.

Senegalese, or Nigerian, or Kenyan. Others crossed colonial
frontiers, creating linkages and circulating ideas across regions and,
for a tiny number of Africans, beyond the shores of the continent
itself. Widening networks of belonging ranged from working class
afﬁliation to an identity as African or as a member of the black race.
Far more Africans were embracing Islam and Christianity. Many
107

Colonialism in Africa

of African languages at the École Coloniale in Paris. With

20. Town life. Passing hawkers or shoppers pose beneath a statue of Louis Faidherbe, the French governor
who in the 1850s initiated the conquest of Senegal, in Saint-Louis, Senegal’s colonial capital. Photograph by
Edmond Fortier, circa 1900

also sought social advance through Western education, often
provided at mission schools and therefore associated with the
personal liberation of Christian conversion. Educational provision
varied hugely – from the non-existent to the barely adequate – and
only a few had the opportunity to advance beyond primary level.
But widening literacy was a revolutionary change in Africa. To say
that African societies survived colonialism, therefore, is not to say
that they survived unchanged.

Despotism versus ornamentalism: debates about
indirect rule

Like new ways of thinking about the impact of the slave trade, the
danger here is that of throwing out the baby with the bathwater: of
losing sight of fundamentals in order to embrace new paradigms –
or, in some cases, to return to even older ones. Just because
colonialism was feeble does not necessarily mean that it was any
less coercive. Indeed, the weaker the state, as we have seen in
109

Colonialism in Africa

It is only recently that historians have begun to examine in detail
the social and the cultural changes of the colonial era in Africa. The
result has been a growing awareness of the ability of Africans to
continue to shape their own lives, as well as to shape the nature of
colonialism itself. The more we discover about colonial rule, the
more fragmented, contradictory, and malleable it appears to be,
dependent on the active participation of some Africans and full of
autonomous spaces within which others pursued their own
agendas. No longer are Africans seen as simply ‘responding’ to the
imposition of alien rule by either outright ‘resistance’ or selfinterested ‘collaboration’. To borrow the title of David Robinson’s
study of the relationship between French colonial authorities and
Muslim society in Senegal and Mauritania, both rulers and ruled
can be seen to have experimented with a variety of ‘paths of
accommodation’ with each other. Coercion and domination, in
short, are out; ‘accommodation’, ‘encounter’, ‘appropriation’, and
‘African agency’ are in.

African History

equatorial Africa, the more violent and crudely exploitative it could
be. The sheer diversity of the colonial experience across space and
time – even within one territory, let alone an entire empire-state –
makes historical iconoclasm a risky business.
This is apparent in two recent books by prominent (non-Africanist)
historians about the British empire: David Cannadine’s
Ornamentalism, and Niall Ferguson’s Empire. In Ornamentalism
(a clever play on words of Edward Said’s Orientalism), Cannadine
argues that the key to understanding imperial rule was not the
perceived racial difference between the British ruler and the native
‘other’, but the mutual class afﬁnity between the British and
indigenous hierarchies. Ferguson’s Empire, while acknowledging
the brutality of imperial conquest, argues that the British empire
was a positive force in spreading free market capitalism, the rule of
law, and democracy – values that many colonial subjects eagerly
grasped. Both works make serious points; certainly, neither
historian can be accused of being an apologist for imperialism
(although some have argued that Ferguson comes close). It is likely,
however, that both are at best only partially right. As with older
debates on the ‘Scramble’, great care is needed in order to avoid
generic pronouncements on what ‘colonial rule’ in Africa and
elsewhere was really all about.
Far from being settled one way or another, the issues raised by
Cannadine and Ferguson with regard to the British empire – the
nature of colonial rule; the question of what colonized peoples
themselves sought to appropriate from the imperial encounter –
continue to be reconstructed and reﬁned by historians of Africa.
One set of questions is that regarding the role of Africans in the
creation of ‘tradition’, of ‘custom’, and of new identities – all within
the broad context of the formulation of indirect rule. These issues
are of particular relevance to us here because they involved the local
production of ethnographic and historical knowledge, such as
Johnson’s History of the Yorubas and Apolo Kaggwa’s Basekabaka
be Buganda. By the interwar period, similar writings were
110

appearing in many parts of the continent, often arising from
debates and struggles within African societies over control of the
past and claims on the present. One famous example is Jomo
Kenyatta’s Facing Mount Kenya (1938), a historical ethnography of
the Kikuyu people of Kenya that sought to reconcile conﬂicting
Kikuyu responses to the loss of land and sovereignty to white
settlers and the colonial state.

These insights have been important in exploring the impact of
colonial rule on Africa. But they have in turn been criticized for
being overly ‘constructivist’; that is, for placing too much emphasis
on the ability of colonial power to manipulate local knowledge and
on the gullibility of Africans in accepting invented traditions.
‘Traditions’, it has been argued, are more complex than that: they
needed at least some historical basis and legitimacy, or they simply
would not have worked as instruments of rule. Mamdani’s thesis of
111

Colonialism in Africa

At the heart of the debate is the idea of the ‘invention of tradition’, a
term coined in 1983 by Eric Hobsbawm and Terence Ranger; that
is, that supposedly ancient, timeless traditions (not just in Africa,
but in Europe and elsewhere) are often nothing of the sort, but are
recent creations designed to legitimate the exercise of political
power. Armed with this insight, many historians detected the
inﬂuence of missionaries, ofﬁcials, and ethnographers, in collusion
with local intermediaries, in imposing a new, distinctly ‘colonial’
vision on Africa. As we have seen in Chapter 2, this vision saw
African society as comprising a series of distinct tribes. It was these
tribes, each with its own set of traditions, customs, and laws, and
each with its own ‘chiefs’ whose authority was backed by colonial
ofﬁcials, that formed the building blocks of indirect rule. According
to one scholar, Mahmood Mamdani, indirect rule created a series of
‘decentralized despotisms’, illegitimate power structures that
survived the end of colonial rule and that in part explain the
political authoritarianism of contemporary Africa. Colonial rulers,
in short, set out to preserve African society, but it was an African
society of its own making.

21. Indirect rulers. King Njoya of Bamum (in present-day Cameroon), sitting on his beaded
throne at his capital Foumban with members of his court and the Austrian trader Rudolf
Oldenburg. A tireless innovator and modernizer, Njoya (reigned 1885–1933) oversaw the
invention of a new religion combining Islam, Christianity, and indigenous practices, a new
language developed from German, French, and the vernacular, and an ideographic script in which
to record his kingdom’s history, law, and customs. Photograph by Helene Oldenburg, c. 1912

‘decentralized despotism’, for example, can be criticized for its
underestimation of the multiplying social links noted above, links
that cut across indirect rule chieftaincies. As we have seen with the
19th-century emergence of Yoruba and Zulu identity, these
processes were often underway well before the imposition of
colonial rule. And by the 1930s, even the best-off colonial states had
become holding operations, singularly ill-equipped to contain or to
understand the changes they had unleashed.
The debate goes on, and the idea of the ‘invention’ will be further
reﬁned as more becomes known about the agency of Africans
themselves in imagining and re-imagining notions of tradition,
identity, and power.

Colonialism in Africa

113

Chapter 6
Imagining the future,
rebuilding the past

The two decades following the Second World War were a time of
dramatic change for Africa. The tensions and contradictions of
colonial empire that had become apparent by the 1930s came to a
head after 1945, as European rulers struggled to contain the
aspirations of their African subjects. Having barely managed to
consolidate itself in the interwar period, the colonial state buckled
and then collapsed under the combined weight of the cost of
economic development and the escalating demand for political
freedoms. The two most important powers, Britain and France,
attempted to control change by creating reformed, more inclusive
colonial systems. But local politicians and their followers began to
imagine a future free of the injustices and frustrations of colonial
rule, a future of self-governed nations that could guarantee
economic and social advance into the modern world.
Reformist plans were swept aside by the rising tide of African
expectations. In 1945, only four African countries, Ethiopia
(liberated from Italian rule in 1941), Liberia, Egypt, and South
Africa, were independent – although Egypt remained a British
protectorate in all but name and South Africa was governed by a
white minority regime. By the mid-1950s, all of North Africa except
Algeria was independent and by the mid-1960s most of tropical
Africa had followed. With the exception of the intransigent
Portuguese empire and the white supremacist states of the south,
114

where wars of liberation dragged on into the last quarter of the
century, Africa’s ‘postcolonial’ period had begun.

Like colonial rule itself, there has been much debate over the
dynamics of decolonization in Africa. Did the transfer of power to
nationalist leaders represent a real watershed, the winning back of
indigenous sovereignty and the start of a new era of political
freedom? Or was the process characterized more by continuity, by
the replacement of one set of autocratic rulers by another in a
seamless transition from colony to ‘postcolony’? These debates
continue – and as the archival records of the postwar period become
available, involve increasing numbers of historians. There can be no
doubt, however, about the fundamental transformation in
perceptions of the continent’s past. Whereas European knowledge
had long denied Africans a history, the second half of the
20th century has seen that history break down the doors of the
Western academy. And from the very outset, the project of
rebuilding the African past was linked to imagining a new
African future.

Africa’s postwar moment
From our vantage point at the beginning of the 21st century, it is
tempting to see the collapse of European-ruled colonial empires as
115

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

It is no coincidence that the era of anti-colonial nationalism and
liberation was also that of the emergence of African history as an
academic discipline. If the rapidly changing postwar landscape
demanded new ways of envisaging contemporary African society
and of imagining its future, it also entailed a revolution in ways of
looking at the past. Western education and literacy had
transformed African society and politics, and it was in the
universities established in the terminal phase of colonial rule as well
as in those of Europe and North America that a new generation of
professionally trained historians began the task of reconstructing
the continent’s history.

African History

inevitable. But this was not how things necessarily looked to
Africans in the 1940s and 1950s. For many, the bonds of empire
appeared to be tightening rather than loosening. In a continuation
of wartime central planning and efforts to raise commodity
production and to mobilize labour, colonial states became
increasingly ambitious, ‘developmentalist’, and intrusive into
everyday life. The impact of what has been called the ‘second
colonial occupation’ was complex: widening opportunity and the
expansion of health, educational, and welfare provision for many
Africans – admittedly, often from a very low base – but also growing
unrest on the part of both peasant farmers and urban workers.
Labour militancy had begun to emerge in some regions during the
Depression, resulting in a major strike in the Northern Rhodesian
copper mines in 1935. Unrest continued in many colonies through
the war, culminating in a series of stoppages in the mid-1940s:
notably on the South African gold mines in 1946; general strikes in
the cities of Dakar in 1946, and Mombasa and Dar es Salaam in
1947; in Southern Rhodesia in 1948; and, most dramatically, the
ﬁve-month strike on the railways of French West Africa in 1947–8.
As improving healthcare and fertility levels led to accelerating
population growth, migrants from the countryside ﬂooded into
cities all over the continent. Despite attempts in ‘settler Africa’ to
control the migrant labour system and the ideology of indirect
rule that perceived African society essentially as rural, tribal, and
traditional, it was the rapidly growing cities that emerged as the key
crucibles of change and where colonial rulers began to lose their
tenuous grip on power.
The Second World War was a turning point, but as Frederick
Cooper shows in his recent book on Africa since 1940, the political
direction the continent would take was far from clear. France, keen
to reassert control over its empire following the trauma of wartime
defeat, from 1944 fashioned a new constitutional relationship with
its colonies, one that for the ﬁrst time emphasized economic and
social progress but that afﬁrmed the unity of the ‘French Union’.
116

Elections based on a gradually widening franchise carried African
representatives to parliament in Paris, including Léopold Senghor,
the Senegalese poet and co-founder of the négritude movement,
and Félix Houphouët-Boigny, a doctor and champion of African
cocoa farmers in Côte d’Ivoire. In 1946, Houphouët-Boigny
introduced the legislation that ﬁnally ended forced labour in the
French empire, while the Senegalese lawyer Lamine Guèye initiated
that which ended the legal distinction between citizen and subject.
Free ﬁnally from the hated indigénat, the inhabitants of France’s
vast domains in North, West, and Equatorial Africa and on the
island of Madagascar were all now ‘citizens’. But they were
citizens of a centralized and reinvigorated Greater France. When
a peasant rebellion in Madagascar in 1947 threatened French rule,
the response was brutal. Perhaps 100,000 Malagasy died in the
counter-insurgency campaign – a bloody reminder of the era of
colonial conquest and a presage of the wars of liberation to come.
117

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

22. Higher education. A student working in the library of Yaba College
in Lagos, Nigeria, in 1947

African History

Despite the loss of its Indian empire in 1947, Britain too was eager
to reclaim great power status and to mobilize colonial production
in order to rebuild its shattered economy. It took a different and
initially more hesitant route to constitutional reform than France,
laying plans to expand African representation in local legislatures
and to turn the imploding system of indirect rule into more
democratic ‘local government’. Yet it was events in Africa that
would force the pace of change. In February 1948, the Gold Coast,
long recognized as Britain’s ‘model’ African colony, was shaken by
an outbreak of urban rioting that derailed plans for strictly limited
reform. Following the recommendations of a commission of
inquiry – that very British response to a political crisis – the
Colonial Ofﬁce in London committed itself to a path that would
result in self-government for the Gold Coast. The political initiative
was quickly seized by the radical anti-colonial ﬁrebrand Kwame
Nkrumah, who broke from the more established and elitist African
politicians to found his own mass nationalist party. By 1951, the
charismatic Nkrumah had been elected ‘Leader of Government
Business’ (effectively prime minister), his clarion call for full
independence an inspiration for emerging nationalists across
Africa.
In a pattern that would recur throughout the continent in
subsequent years, the rulers of the Gold Coast had in a moment of
crisis surrendered control over the process of political reform.
Concessions were met with more demands. In the context of the
emerging Cold War, the imperative for the colonial powers was to
identify and to cultivate ‘moderate’ African partners in order to
head off more radical alternatives. Where the latter posed a direct
challenge to colonial control, as in Madagascar in 1947 and in
subsequent armed uprisings in Kenya in 1952–6 (the ‘Mau Mau
rebellion’), Cameroon in 1956–8, and Algeria in 1954–62, the result
was ﬁerce repression. Regarded by European rulers and settlers as
an outburst of irrational violence on the part of confused,
‘detribalized’ Africans, the Mau Mau uprising has been analysed
with great sophistication by historians of Kenya. A conﬂict once
118

23. Negotiated decolonization. Casting a ballot in Accra in the Gold
Coast elections of 1951 (present-day Ghana), which resulted in a
landslide victory for Kwame Nkrumah’s Convention People’s Party. A
British colonial public relations photograph labelled ‘Miss Mensah goes
to vote’

African History

seen as inexplicable now occupies a prominent place in the
historiography of decolonization.
African politicians of all hues, meanwhile, needed to establish their
own popular legitimacy. In common with an earlier generation of
Asian nationalists, most were urban-based, Western-educated,
‘middle-class’ ﬁgures, from social groups who had beneﬁted from
the opportunities of the colonial period. Their task was to ‘capture
the countryside’, that is, to convince the mass of newly enfranchised
rural voters that the future lay with them rather than with the
established indirect rule ‘chiefs’. A few, like Léopold Senghor in
Senegal and Milton Margai in Sierra Leone, were representatives at
the outset of rural interests and whose political goal was therefore
to oust established urban elites. Far from being a simple two-way
contest between European proconsuls on the one hand and
nationalist liberators on the other, the decolonization process was
also a mosaic of political struggles within African society.
If the Gold Coast riots in 1948 represented a symbolic turning point
in West Africa, then the victory of the National Party in whites-only
elections in South Africa the same year indicated a different
trajectory for much of southern and central Africa. The National
Party, the vehicle of a renewed Afrikaner nationalism, set about
entrenching racial segregation and white economic power in South
Africa under the slogan of ‘apartheid’, literally ‘separateness’.
Determined to turn the tide on black urbanization, the increasingly
oppressive apartheid state can be seen as representing the ﬁnal,
monstrous manifestation of a colonial migrant labour system that
sought to exploit ‘traditional’ rural Africa. The South African model
appealed to the smaller settler communities of the Rhodesias and
Kenya, which also emerged from the war strengthened and ready to
press their claims for white-dominated self-government.
In the Portuguese colonies of Angola and Mozambique and in the
mining region of southern Belgian Congo, settler populations and
expatriate mining concerns were also expanding rapidly. As late as
120

24. Anti-colonial protest and white power. Demonstrators in Salisbury (now Harare)
confront armed police following the outlawing of the Zimbabwe African People’s Union
(ZAPU) in Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) on 20 September 1962

1957, the paternalistic rulers of the Congo believed self-government
to be generations away, while the rightist dictatorship in Portugal
had no intention to extend democratic rights to its own people let
alone those of its African empire. As much of North and West Africa
embarked on the path to constitutional reform, white settler power
to the south appeared to be entering a new period of ascendancy.
Here, decolonization was often protracted and violent,
characterized by rural insurgency rather than urban negotiation.
Algeria, too, with its one million European settlers, experienced a
bitter liberation war between 1954 and 1962, a conﬂict that
traumatized both colonized and colonizer and which in its latter
stages threatened to spill over into metropolitan France itself.

African History

The decolonization of African history
It was this heady climate of social change, soaring expectation, and
political struggle that fertilized the seeds of scholarly research into
Africa’s history. The crucial breeding grounds for this intellectual
endeavour were the institutions of higher learning established as
part of the expansion of education in British West Africa, together
with a handful of pioneering university departments in Britain and
the United States. Again, 1948 was a key year, with the foundation
of the university colleges of Ibadan in Nigeria and the Gold Coast
(at Legon, on the outskirts of Accra), the creation at Northwestern
University (at Evanston, near Chicago) of the ﬁrst interdisciplinary
African studies programme in North America, and the appointment
of Roland Oliver as the ﬁrst lecturer in the history of Africa at the
School of Oriental and African Studies in London (Oliver and his
colleague John Fage subsequently founded the Journal of African
History and co-wrote the ﬁrst modern textbook on the history of
the continent). By 1951, Uganda and Sudan also had new
universities, as did independent Ethiopia.
The process of shaking off the legacy of colonial historiography,
however, would be long, arduous, and much contested. ‘History’ at
the new African universities still meant essentially European
122

25. Anti-colonial war memorialized in cinema. A still from Gillo
Pontecorvo’s 1965 ﬁlm The Battle of Algiers, which reconstructed the
bitter struggle in 1957 between FLN nationalist ﬁghters and French
paratroopers to control the casbah in the heart of the Algerian capital.
The ﬁlm, shot on location, was written and co-produced by ex-FLN
commander Saadi Yacef, who also played himself on screen

African History

history, as Nigerian historian Jacob Ajayi remembered of the degree
offered from 1949 at University College, Ibadan. The closest
students got to studying their own past was a course titled ‘The
History of European Activities in Africa’, the main text for which
was The Colonization of Africa by Alien Races by the pioneering
linguist and colonial ofﬁcial Harry Johnson, published in 1899!
This book, Ajayi recalled, ‘was regarded as the most scholarly single
volume available on African history’, and although it was gradually
supplemented with new material, the course itself remained on the
books until Ibadan ended its afﬁliation with the University of
London in 1962.
Just as the Gold Coast, and in its wake, Nigeria, were at the
forefront of the negotiated path to independence, so too did their
ﬂagship universities lead the way in the project of decolonizing the
African past. The University of Ibadan in particular became
emblematic of the ﬁrst, so-called ‘nationalist’ wave of African
historiography, that developed in tandem with the anti-colonial
struggle in the 1950s and the ﬁrst euphoric years of independence
in the 1960s. The ‘Ibadan School’, led from 1956 by Nigerian
historian K. Onwuka Dike, came to be associated with a particular
research agenda: a concern with the precolonial period, especially
precolonial state formation; with the equation of ‘trade and politics’
in particular localities; with resistance to colonial conquest; and
with the emergence in the 19th century of a literate African elite.
Dike’s Trade and Politics in the Niger Delta (1956) was the
foundational text, a study of African-European interaction using
European written sources but from a distinctly African perspective.
A determination to shatter the colonialist world view by linking the
glories of the past to the dynamism of the present was shared by two
scholars from outside the emerging system of university-trained
professional historians, Basil Davidson and Thomas Hodgkin.
Davidson, a campaigning journalist whose ﬁrst of many books on
African history and politics appeared in 1956, remains perhaps the
single-most effective disseminator of the new ﬁeld to a popular
124

international audience. Hodgkin, who in the 1950s was an extramural teacher in the Gold Coast, captured the mood of the times in
his inﬂuential Nationalism in Colonial Africa (1956), a work that
set out to locate the emerging anti-colonial struggles in historical
context. There has been much subsequent reﬂection on the part of
historians on the ways that these agendas were shaped by the
contemporary nation-building project. The search was on, in one
evocative phrase, for a ‘usable past’ – a past where Africans had
constructed viable states and which would be mobilized to show
that they had survived the rupture of colonial conquest and were
ready again to take control of their own destinies.

More importantly, the past rarely presented political leaders with a
readily usable model for the future. Whereas historians strove to
bring to life in their writings powerful precolonial states, such as
Asante, Buganda, and the Sokoto Caliphate, nationalist politicians
sought not to resuscitate the political structures of the past but to
inherit the territorial entities forged by European conquest.
Nkrumah’s struggle to integrate the Asante kingdom into the new
nation state of Ghana and the equally uncomfortable incorporation
of the Sokoto Caliphate into Nigeria and of Buganda into Uganda
125

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

There is no doubt that the pioneering practitioners of African
history, both African and European, professional and self-taught,
felt a real sense of mission as the racial hierarchies of the imperial
age crumbled about them. The notion of a ‘usable’ or ‘legitimate’
past, however, should not be exaggerated. Attention to the
precolonial period on the part of early nationalist historians was
determined as much by practical as by ideological reasons: in the
1950s and 1960s, the 50-year rule governing the release of ofﬁcial
British documents (later reduced to 30 years) meant that the bulk
of the colonial archive remained shut to researchers. With so much
of the past a blank slate, moreover, it made sense to focus on what
was most visible in the written and oral sources that were available
– that is, kingdoms and empires. These foundations were essential,
it can be argued, for the later move to a broader social history.

African History

suggest the very real limits to the political function of historical
knowledge. In short, African history as a political project was
probably less important than the desire to establish its credentials
as a legitimate part of the broader academic discipline.
Yet the epistemology of history as applied to Africa – that is, the
theory of its grounds of knowledge – was contested from the outset.
To continue with the example of Nigeria and the legacy of the
Sokoto Caliphate, a rival school of historians based at Amadu Bello
University in the northern city of Zaria emerged in the 1960s to
challenge the intellectual hegemony of Ibadan. This group, who
have been described as ‘Islamic legitimists’ and were led by a British
convert to Islam, Abdullahi Smith, sought to ﬁnd common ground
between the methods of the new ‘Western-style’ African history and
those of the older tradition of Muslim scholarship in the sudanic
zone. By 1975, Smith was calling for a reorientation of Nigerian
universities and of the discipline of history so that they might
‘embody in their traditions something of the academic ideals of the
Sokoto jihad’. As an early – albeit polite – challenge to the emerging
dominance of ‘Western’ historical paradigms, his Northern History
Research Scheme at Zaria was an indication of the ideological
battles to come.
Abdullahi Smith’s leading role in northern Nigeria exempliﬁes what
would today be called the ‘multicultural’ nature of the anglophone
historical project from the outset. This was the era when pioneering
scholars such as Dike and Ajayi from Nigeria, A. Adu Boahen from
Ghana, and Bethwell A. Ogot from Kenya, after completing their
ﬁrst degrees in the new African universities, continued their
professional training by studying for PhDs in Britain before
returning to build up history programmes in their home nations.
This movement would come to include leading historians from
Ethiopia and from South Africa – some of the latter, however,
choosing not to return to the repressive environment of the
apartheid state. It was also a time when European and North
American scholars commonly spent extended periods teaching in
126

Africa. Many were attracted to the University of Dar es Salaam in
Tanzania, which in the 1960s emerged as a centre of historical
research to rival that at Ibadan. One was the radical Guyanese
historian Walter Rodney, whose How Europe Underdeveloped
Africa (1972) signalled a shift away from the ‘nationalist’ approach
to more Marxist-inﬂuenced economic history.

The decolonization of history was slower to get going in Frenchruled Africa. As in British colonies, the sheer pace of urbanization
and social change forced French social scientists to re-evaluate
received perceptions of static African ‘tribes’. The most important
work here was by Georges Balandier, who in 1951 published a
perceptive essay on the changing ‘colonial situation’ and four years
later a landmark study of African life in Brazzaville, the capital of
French Equatorial Africa. Balandier would go on to play a leading
role in the creation of new French Africanist institutions.
Unlike the anglophone world, however, history would remain a
poor relation to anthropology in French scholarship for some time
to come. A partial exception was the Maghrib, which beneﬁted from
a wealth of precolonial written sources in Arabic, an established
tradition of Islamic scholarship, and, in Algeria, the existence of the
colonial-era University of Algiers. In line with France’s centralizing
127

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

Underpinning this intellectual exchange was the relative economic
buoyancy of the developmental state, particularly during the
commodity boom of the 1950s. In this respect, historians can be
seen as part of the ranks of technical ‘experts’ who fanned out across
the continent from the time of the postwar ‘second colonial
occupation’ – this latter-day scramble being one for knowledge
rather than territory. With the severe economic downturn of the
1970s, the brief expansionist phase in the continent’s universities
also came to an end. Budding African scholars continued to travel
overseas to conduct doctoral training – increasingly to the United
States – but more and more chose to remain abroad rather than
return and face hardships at home.

African History

tradition, the only university in its tropical African empire at
independence was at Dakar, in Senegal. But this was established in
1957 speciﬁcally as a French university on African soil, which, like
the Sorbonne in Paris, continued to teach the history of colonization
rather than that of African peoples. Even after independence in
1960, the University of Dakar remained fully integrated into the
French system and the ‘Africanization’ of its teaching staff and its
intellectual orientation was slow. As late as 1963, when there were
still no Africans teaching history at Dakar, one of the ﬁrst
Senegalese students to have attained a doctorate in history,
Abdoulaye Ly, commented that he would not apply to Paris for a job
in his own country.
The importance of the professionalization of African history
according to the recognized ground rules of the discipline
should not obscure the fact that older ‘vindicationist’ traditions
continued to evolve alongside – and in an uneasy dialogue with –
university-based research. Partly because of the intellectual heritage
of the négritude movement, but perhaps also because of the
lingering colonialist outlook of the Sorbonne and the University of
Dakar, these alternative, more speculative approaches to the
African past were especially prominent in the francophone world.
An important vehicle for the négritude tradition in its broadest
sense was the journal Présence Africaine, founded in Paris in 1947
by the Senegalese intellectual Alioune Diop as a reaction against the
ongoing assimilationist ideals of reformed French colonialism. It
was Présence Africaine that in 1949 published Father Placide
Tempels’s La philosophie bantou (‘Bantu Philosophy’), a
universalist view of ‘African thought’ and the black creative spirit
based on his missionary work in the Luba region of the Belgian
Congo.
The towering ﬁgure in this milieu, however, was the Senegalese
historical theorist Cheikh Anta Diop. Starting with his ﬁrst book
Nations nègres et culture (1955) – also published by Présence
Africaine – Diop’s work was ﬁxated on the supposed cultural unity
128

of pharaonic Egypt and sub-Saharan Africa. As noted in Chapter 2,
this polemical theory has been convincingly rejected by
archaeologists and historians on empirical grounds. Nonetheless,
the dubious historical basis of Diop’s speculations did not prevent
his work from having a widespread impact – like the more sober
contributions of Basil Davidson – far beyond the halls of academia.
Importantly, Diop’s outlook was also shaped by the anti-colonial
struggle, and by the early 1960s he had entered Senegalese politics
as a radical opposition voice to the government of poet-president
Léopold Senghor. The continuing popular appeal of his Egyptcentric theories was underlined when a year after his death in 1986,
the University of Dakar was renamed Cheikh Anta Diop University.

Unity versus diversity was not simply a scholarly debate about the
nature of the African past. It was also a political issue that shaped
the contours of the decolonization process and the ongoing conﬂicts
of the postcolonial period. Elections in French and British Africa
had served to focus political action on individual territories, where
the real gains on offer diluted the old, vague ideals of pan-Africanist
unity. In 1957, the Gold Coast became the ﬁrst sub-Saharan African
country to obtain full independence, the new nation adopting the
name of the earliest of the great sudanic empires, Ghana. Guinea
followed in 1958, its vote for full sovereignty rather than ongoing
association with France precipitating the break-up and
independence of the remainder of French Africa two years later.
The year 1960 also saw the independence of Nigeria, Africa’s most
populous nation, Somalia, and the Belgian Congo.
This was a time of euphoria and huge optimism – indeed, a real
moment of vindication. But despite the lofty rhetoric of Ghana’s
Kwame Nkrumah, the torch-bearer of pan-Africanism and advocate
of ‘continental government’, it was becoming apparent that
independence would be secured through the entrenchment of
power in individual nation-states. With the sudden removal of the
129

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

Postcolonial states

African History

coercive underpinnings of European rule, moreover, the internal
unity of a number of these new states was also thrown into doubt.
Popular perceptions both inside and outside Africa often hold
internal conﬂicts to be the result of reversion to some kind of
primordial tribalism. As we have seen, however, recent research has
demonstrated how ethnic identities and inter-regional rivalries
were as often as not a product of colonial rule. Historians are only
now becoming aware of just how complex the roots of social conﬂict
and political violence in postcolonial Africa really are.
Nowhere was this tension between national unity and ethnic
diversity more apparent than in the ex-Belgian Congo (now the
Democratic Republic of Congo). Having tried and failed to insulate
its huge central African domain against the winds of nationalism
blowing through the rest of the continent, the highly authoritarian
Belgian regime made a last-minute decision in the late 1950s to
jump on the bandwagon of decolonization. The result was disaster.
Within days of the hand-over of power in June 1960 to a
government led by the charismatic nationalist Patrice Lumumba,
the Congolese army had mutinied against the continuing control of
its white ofﬁcers. A week later, the mineral-rich southern region of
Katanga seceded, plunging the Congo into years of recurring armed
conﬂict that witnessed the murder of Lumumba by his enemies, the
disintegration of the country into rival governments and ethnic
ﬁefdoms, and foreign intervention.
Amidst fears of ‘Soviet inﬂuence’, on the one hand, and Western
‘neocolonialism’, on the other, the Congo became Africa’s ﬁrst Cold
War battleﬁeld. The so-called Congo Crisis (Congolese themselves
referred to the period as the pagaille, ‘the mess’) was ended in 1965
with the recentralization of autocratic power following a military
coup by ex-journalist turned general, Joseph Mobutu. Drawing on
his own, warped vision of cultural and historical ‘authenticity’,
Mobutu Sese Seko (as he became known after leading by example in
the banning of ‘colonialist’ European names) became the ultimate
in venal, corrupt African dictators, a new Leopold presiding over
130

the latest incarnation of bula matari, the state as the ‘breaker of
rocks’.

Despite continuing poverty and the general lack of democratic
accountability, popular optimism generally remained high

26. African politics tangled with African American politics. Members
of the Nation of Islam, holding placards with a portrait of murdered
Congolese Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba, stage a counterdemonstration during a rally by the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People in Harlem, New York City, in 1961
131

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

The calamity of the Congo represents an extreme example of the
failure of decolonization and of the postcolonial African state. The
majority of the continent’s new nations, in contrast, negotiated the
transition to independence without experiencing such disastrous
breakdown. Indeed, many enjoyed steady if unspectacular progress
through the 1960s in the stated aim of their leaders: economic
‘modernization’ and ‘national integration’. The momentum of anticolonial nationalism was now unstoppable, carrying British East
and Central Africa to independence in 1961–4, and igniting wars of
liberation in the Portuguese colonies and, ultimately, against the
breakaway white settler regime in Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe).

African History

throughout that decade. This was, to some extent, reﬂected in the
ﬁrst wave of African historiography. Even in the Congo, in the
impoverished states of the sahelian zone, and in sprawling urban
shanty towns stretching from the black ‘townships’ of apartheid
South Africa north to Casablanca and Cairo, the resilience,
innovation, and cultural vitality of the past continued. The quest
for political freedom did not replace that for personal spiritual
liberation, as the shift towards Islam and Christianity continued to
accelerate in the second half of the 20th century. Most
emblematically, new forms of popular music provided an infectious
soundtrack to the struggles of day-to-day life and gave voice to
aspirations for a better future. By the late 1960s, the most
renowned citoyen of the Congo was not the political sorcerer
Mobutu but guitar wizard Franco Luambo Makiadi, the leader of
T.P.O.K. Jazz and Africa’s ﬁrst musical superstar. Franco’s rumba
sound swept the continent, transforming Mobutu’s Congo (or
Zaire, as the nation was renamed in 1971) from the heart of
darkness of colonial and postcolonial mythmaking to the ‘heart of
danceness’. The recent expansion of historical research away from
the political and economic and towards the social and cultural is
beginning to reveal the dynamics of these underlying rhythms of
everyday life.
By the late 1960s, however, the mood of optimism had turned
distinctly sour. The widespread popular support in Ghana for the
military coup d’état that in 1966 removed Kwame Nkrumah from
power was an early indication that the promises of nationalist
leaders were beginning to have a hollow ring. Yet one-party states
gave way only to the ‘no party states’ of military dictatorships. A
sequence of coups in the same year provided the catalyst for
Nigeria’s descent into civil war from 1967 to 1970. Nigeria emerged
from the attempted Biafran secession intact, but under military rule
and with the high hopes of independence all but extinguished.
Then, in the 1970s, came severe continent-wide economic
downturn. The failure to diversify fragile economies away from a
132

dependence on the export of primary commodities meant that
when the world economy went into recession following the oil
crisis of 1973, the impact on Africa was devastating. In short, the
end of the postwar boom spelt the end of the developmental state.
Unable to provide the services now demanded by rapidly growing
populations, the state itself began to contract, leaving increasing
numbers of its citizens to fend for themselves as best they could.
In the worst cases, it began to resemble its colonial predecessor:
illegitimate, alien, and predatory. The deepening crisis also
marked the end of the ﬁrst phase of the new African history. As
the high hopes of independence evaporated, a second generation
133

Imagining the future, rebuilding the past

27. Popular culture. Dancers in Johannesburg in 1952, four years into
the apartheid era. Photograph by Jürgen Schadeberg, one of the leading
photographers on South Africa’s famous Drum magazine

African History

of historians turned away from the achievements of indigenous
state-builders and towards underlying economic and social
struggles, struggles that often bridged the divide between
precolonial and colonial (and by implication, at least, postcolonial)
Africa.

134

Chapter 7
Memory and forgetting,
past and present

Fifty years ago, in the mid-1950s, the notion of ‘African history’
barely existed. Beyond the speculative writings of a few African
American intellectuals, the collections of oral traditions published
by mission-educated Africans, and a handful of equally obscure
translations of old Arabic chronicles, there was little or no scholarly
engagement with the history of the continent. The study of Africa
was dominated by the discipline of social anthropology, whose
practitioners, if often highly sympathetic to African cultures,
tended to portray them as timeless and unchanging. That part of
the continent that did possess an established literate culture and
therefore a recoverable past, the area to the north of the Sahara
desert, was generally considered to belong more to the
Mediterranean or the Arab world than to ‘black Africa’ to the south.
Africa, in short, was deemed to be a realm apart, a continent
without a history and whose future progress rested upon the
continuation of European trusteeship.
Then came a revolution in thinking. As European colonialism
crumbled, the recovery of the African past emerged as an integral
part of the recovery of African sovereignty. From a tiny group of
pioneers in the 1950s, the corps of Africanist historians expanded
dramatically in subsequent decades, successfully forcing African
history onto university curricula in Europe, in North America, and
in Africa itself. In the face of a sceptical scholarly establishment and
135

African History

lacking much of the documentary evidence available to historians of
other parts of the world, Africanists utilized a range of innovative
sources and methods in order to give voice to peoples condemned
by colonialism and by Eurocentrism to silence. In doing so, they
achieved much: ‘humanizing’ Africa by reintegrating the continent
into the broad sweep of history, while simultaneously enriching the
academic discipline itself.
That, at least, is the received narrative. Like those African traditions
of origin that memorialize founding fathers – the ‘culture heroes’
like Kalala Ilunga of the Luba who forged civilization on wild
frontiers – it contains more than a kernel of truth. But like those
traditions, too, the story is more complex and more contested. One
thing, however, is clear: the optimistic, expansive phase of African
history writing is now long gone. As early as the 1970s, a sense of
uncertainty about the relevance and the direction of the academic
enterprise was apparent. As Africa entered a period of prolonged
economic downturn and political turmoil, the young ﬁeld began to
lurch from one dominant ‘paradigm’ to another. The postcolonial
crisis also did lasting damage to the continent’s universities:
funding dried up, institutional and physical infrastructure
crumbled, library collections deteriorated, and many historians
opted to practise their craft overseas. Judging from the sense of
anxiety that pervades recent historiographical surveys, African
history seems to be in a state of ongoing crisis, divided over how
best to maintain a dialogue between the past and the present,
between the academic discipline and indigenous perceptions of the
past, and, in the ‘West’, how best to engage with Africa-based
scholars.
In this ﬁnal chapter, we consider current developments in the study
of African history. Where is the ﬁeld heading? The changing ways of
approaching the African past have, to some extent, continued to be
fashioned by the shifting fortunes of the continent itself. At the start
of the 21st century, only the most optimistic observer would suggest
that either is in a state of rude health. Africa, especially sub-Saharan
136

Africa, is generally seen to be locked in permanent crisis.
Widespread poverty, corruption, a lack of political accountability,
ecological crises, famines, the HIV/AIDS pandemic, state collapse
and civil war in places like Somalia, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Côte
d’Ivoire, Darfur (in western Sudan), and the Democratic Republic
of Congo: it appears sometimes that the pagaille, ‘the mess’ of the
early years of Congolese independence, has engulfed the entire
continent. This bleak landscape might suggest that Africa is still
viewed by jaundiced outsiders as somehow ‘pathological’, as
disordered and abnormal. But this is also a view widely held by a
great many ordinary Africans themselves. How should the study of
the past speak to this troubled present?

First, two stories about memory, forgetting, and history in modern
Africa. For the ﬁrst, we return to the Republic of Mali, where we
began the book with an account of Jenne-jeno. Its central character
is Waa Kamisòkò (c. 1919–1976), a famous jeli (oral traditionist or
‘griot’) of the Manden, the Mande heartland of the old Mali empire
on the upper reaches of the Niger River. Waa Kamisòkò’s career, as
examined by P. F. de Moraes Farias, tells us much about the tension
between the past and the present in the preservation of memory
and the reproduction of history. Like other jeliw, he specialized
in performing the cycle of songs and narratives comprising the
epic of Sunjata, the 13th-century founder of Mali, as well as
those concerning its greatest ruler, Mansa Musa, who famously
performed the pilgrimage to Mecca in 1324–5. More unusually, he
also developed a close relationship with academic scholarship,
participating in international historical seminars and collaborating
with the Malian anthropologist Y. T. Cissé in the translation (into
French) and publication of his version of the Sunjata epic.
Perhaps because of these links with academics, but perhaps too
because of his broader personal experience of modern Mali,
Waa Kamisòkò moved beyond the conventional role of jeli and
137

Memory and forgetting, past and present

Memory and forgetting

African History

of historical ‘informant’. He did so by insinuating his own critical
commentary into established narratives. As we noted in Chapter 3,
oral traditions are often reshaped by the political milieu in which
they are recounted. They tend to legitimate the status quo – to the
extent that in modern Mali, jeliw have been recruited by the ruling
elite in order to justify political authoritarianism. Waa Kamisòkò,
however, was often critical of revered historical ﬁgures and of Mali’s
nationalist leadership in the 1960s–70s. In his interpretation of the
Sunjata epic and his narratives of the history of enslavement, for
example, he made a case for the greater acknowledgement of the
contribution of marginalized caste groups (nyamankala) and of
people of slave ancestry to past as well as present Mandenka society.
It was Waa Kamisòkò’s views on Islam that proved most
controversial. Like many Malians, his personal religious identity
was complex, encompassing both Islam and indigenous religion. A
member of the cult association of Kirina Kònò, the ‘Bird of Krina’,
centred on his native village of Krina, he was often critical of what
he saw as the destructive impact of Islam on older Mandenka
culture. At a time of rising debate between ‘neo-traditionalists’, who
viewed Islam as essentially alien to African culture, and purist
Muslim reformists, who regarded pagan cults such as Kirina Kònò
with disdain, Waa Kamisòkò used his oral performances to
emphasize the history of co-existence between the two belief
systems. He drew parallels between Mansa Musa’s ‘excessive’
devotion to Islam and the militancy of contemporary reformists,
while reﬂecting upon the ways in which Islamic motifs had overlaid
older accounts of Mandenka history. His interpretation of the past,
like that of the archaeologists working at Jenne-jeno, represented a
critique of the established narrative of the ‘imperial tradition’.
For our second story, we move to Zimbabwe, to the Nkayi and
Lupane districts of northern Matabeleland. In contrast to the
Manden, a long-settled heartland with a high degree of cultural
continuity, this is a frontier region with a tumultuous recent past. It
is also characterized by the absence of local historical texts or of
138

This does not mean that the diverse peoples of the Shangani have
no sense of the past. ‘History’, however, is recent history. Ranger
and his research collaborators have identiﬁed two grand narratives,
both of which deal with the period after the Second World War. One
is that of the Ndebele evictees, a saga of an uprooted people
bringing civilized values to a frontier wilderness. The other is that of
nationalism, which came to a climax in the guerrilla war against the
white minority regime in the 1970s and the post-independence
struggles against Robert Mugabe’s ZANU (Zimbabawe African
National Union) government in the 1980s. As in many other parts
of Africa, the narrative of nationalist struggle overlays older, local
mosaics of memory, sometimes silencing and at other times
amplifying them.
This process of engagement between different layers of the past
emerges in Ranger’s account of a ceremony of remembrance
planned in 1992 for those ZAPU (Zimbabwe African People’s
Union) ﬁghters killed in the guerrilla war. The site chosen was
Pupu, in the Lupane district, the location of the Ndebele king
Lobengula’s last battle as well as that of the ‘last stand’ of a British
139

Memory and forgetting, past and present

‘organic intellectuals’ such as Waa Kamisòkò. Much of the past
appears to be forgotten. Nkayi and Lupane were encompassed in
the colonial period by the Shangani Reserve, one of two ‘native
reserves’ set aside for the settlement of the Ndebele people during
the British occupation of what was then Southern Rhodesia in the
1890s. Displaced Ndebele chiefs and their followers began to move
into the Shangani forests in the 1910s, settling amongst scattered
populations speaking Tonga, Shangwe, and other languages and, to
some extent, adapting to local cultures. The inﬂux increased after
the Second World War. By then, according to Terence Ranger, many
Ndebele were self-consciously modern, progressive Christians.
They retained their Ndebele identity, often lumping the original
peoples of the Shangani together as ‘Zambezis’. The latter in turn
referred to them as daluka, ‘the dumped ones’. ‘It was difﬁcult, if
not impossible’, Ranger argues, ‘to evolve a common local history’.

African History

South Africa Company patrol in 1893. During the bush war in the
1960s–70s, ZAPU guerrillas had visited the old battleﬁeld in order
to draw strength from the Ndebele military tradition. The projected
ceremony, however, was controversial. The Mugabe government
was suspicious, fearing a revival of Ndebele kingship or of local
loyalty to ZAPU. The population of Pupu, moreover, was diverse,
and many non-Ndebele were unhappy about linking the nationalist
struggle so explicitly to Lobengula and his famous father, Mzilikazi.
Indeed, as the different participants gathered on the night before
‘Heroes Day’, a medium was possessed by the spirit of a Rozwi
mambo, one of the local rulers who had been superseded by the
Ndebele. ‘The medium demanded recognition for this older past
and the healing of its violences’, Ranger writes. ‘A history rarely
articulated was breaking through in ritual.’

28. Postcolonial violence. A soldier of the National Union for the Total
Independence of Angola (UNITA) poses next to an upturned colonial
statue in Nova Lisboa (now Huambo) on 12 November 1975, following
the collapse of Portuguese rule. Nearly two decades of civil war between
UNITA and the rival MPLA government was to follow
140

Remembering the present

The inﬂuence of the present over perceptions of the past has been
evident throughout the evolution of the new African history. The
ﬁrst major reorientation in the ﬁeld was a shift in the 1970s beyond
the initial focus on state-building towards what can be described as
political economy. This involved, in some cases, a more ideologically
radical agenda, notably the ‘dependency theory’ approach
exempliﬁed by Walter Rodney’s How Europe Underdeveloped Africa
(1972) and research by French Marxist anthropologists into the
conﬁguration of economic systems (labelled ‘modes of production’).
As these varieties of Marxist analysis represented an attempt to
apply more universal categories to Africa, it is interesting to note
just how limited their inﬂuence was. By the mid-1980s, they were
already fading from view, suggesting that Western social science
theory did indeed sit uncomfortably with African realities. But
Marxist anthropology did have a lasting legacy. By emphasizing the
differentials in economic and social power between rich and poor,
141

Memory and forgetting, past and present

These two cases illustrate a number of themes that in recent years
have begun to emerge in the study of African history. One is a
concern with intellectual history; that is, the ways and means by
which people have thought about things and have represented
them. As we saw in Chapter 1 with the rise of environmental history,
new research agendas are often part of broader shifts in the
discipline or in academic fashion more generally. But they are also
shaped by the particularities of the African past – and the African
present. Both studies are histories about history. As such, they are
reﬂective of wider concerns about intellectual production and
contested representations: the so-called ‘cultural-linguistic turn’ in
the humanities loosely associated with the idea of postmodernism.
Yet they also have a speciﬁcally African context: the imperative
amongst historians of the continent to interrogate the relationship
between past and present, as well as that between indigenous
perceptions of history, on the one hand, and their own craft, on
the other.

African History

young and old, men and women, free and unfree, it made a crucial
contribution to the breaking down of lingering perceptions of
homogenous states, tribes, and kinship groups. This invigorated
research into several key areas: slavery, gender, and, because of its
concern with the workings of capitalism, the one region where
Marxist analysis had particular purchase: modern South Africa.
In a continent with very limited industrialization or class formation,
Marxist economic analysis could only go so far. But its emphasis on
social struggles opened the way for the development of a broaderbased social history, a history not of high politics and ‘great men’,
but of ordinary men and women. As Africa’s political leadership
revealed itself to be anything but great, more historians concerned
themselves with exploring the underlying rhythms of everyday life.
For this, of course, they needed evidence: the written records and
oral testimonies that reveal the actions, motivations, beliefs, and
aspirations of common people. Here, in part, lies the reason for the
growing volume of research on the 20th century. It is not that a
deeper, more ‘authentic’ African past has been abandoned by
historians now only interested in colonialism. It is more that the
desire to reconstruct an Africa populated by individual actors in all
their complexity and idiosyncrasy rather than by faceless
collectivities (‘tribes’) has drawn historians inexorably towards
recent times.
That said, historians of Africa, like all historians, must be careful
not to impose their own ways of seeing the world on different
cultures and on past times. This is as true for those who are African
themselves as for non-Africans; as Paulo Farias has noted with
regard to medieval inscriptions in eastern Mali, they were produced
in an intellectual universe far removed even from those who now
live in the same place. It also holds for the more recent past. Many
African societies did have a powerful collective ethos into which
individual aspiration and autonomous action were submerged –
even if this ethos was not quite as communal as once thought. ‘The
anonymity of individuals in much of the evidence’, Joseph Miller
142

writes, ‘thus becomes less a deﬁciency of the sources than a window
opening onto Africans’ collective ways of thinking’.

Witchcraft narratives, then, like those of early modern Europe, are
not simply stories of the freakish or the occult. They are key
components of a broader intellectual and cultural history of Africa.
Arising from this intellectual history is a more speciﬁc concern with
the idea of memory. From the very outset, historians sought to tap
into the stores of indigenous memory passed orally from generation
to generation. As the analytical challenges of oral tradition became
apparent, so too did the sheer diversity of genres representing
‘history’ in African societies. Historical memory, rather than simply
being recounted as a set of codiﬁed events, is often ‘performed’ – as
epic narrative, as ritual, as praise poetry, as visual art, or even
during a tape-recorded interview with a researcher. Far from
transferring immutable, collective traditions, such genres allow for
personalized reﬂection and reinterpretation. They are also in many
cases entangled with written history, both that produced by
academics and by local intellectuals. This is evident in the case of
Waa Kamisòkò, whose dialogue with academics inﬂuenced his
interpretations of tradition. It emerges too in the evocative
historical paintings produced since the 1970s by Congolese artists
143

Memory and forgetting, past and present

Such collective thought emerges in the notion of ‘witchcraft’, a
concept that in many African societies explains both misfortune
and excessive individual fortune. That witchcraft is now attracting
the interest of historians is due in part to its continuing
prominence, including in the political realm. The language of
witchcraft, in short, has been used to explain the ‘vampiric’ power of
the colonial and postcolonial state, just as in earlier times it seems
to have been used to comprehend the malevolence of the slave
trade. All these alien forces consume wealth or consume people, just
as witches were seen to ‘eat’ the souls of their victims. It is this
perception of consumption – sometimes played upon to full effect
by ﬁgures such as Mobutu Sese Seko – that political scientist
Jean-François Bayart has called ‘the politics of the belly’.

such as Tshibumba Kanda-Matulu, some of which were
commissioned by Western scholars. In the words of one of those
scholars, the anthropologist Johannes Fabian, Kanda-Matulu and
other painters were engaged in the task of ‘remembering the
present’.

African History

Yet memory, like all visions of the past, is selective. Some things are
recalled, but many others are forgotten. And while popular memory

29. Samuel Fosso, Le chef: celui qui a vendu l’Afrique aux colons, from
the series Série Tati, autoportraits I–V, 1997. ‘The chief who sold Africa
to the colonists.’ One of contemporary Africa’s most famous artists,
Fosso, based in Bangui in the Central African Republic, masquerades in
this ‘autoportrait’ as the self-styled omnipotent ruler, a subversive
portrayal of the image of Congolese dictator Mobutu Sese Seko and the
regalia of indigenous kingship
144

may hold one version of events to be true, ‘ofﬁcial memory’ may be
something quite different. This is as true for Africa today as it was in
the past, when those who came out on top in political struggles got
to tell the stories sanctiﬁed as tradition. In forging their own
historical vision, Waa Kamisòkò in Mali and Tshibumba KandaMatulu in Congo/Zaire both tapped into streams of popular
memory often running counter to received versions of the past.
They can be seen, to some extent, to be ‘counter-hegemonic’.
Elsewhere, such as in the northern Matabeleland region of
Zimbabwe, alternative historical memories are more deeply
submerged by dominant narratives. And, as the case of
Matabeleland indicates, the one narrative that has most often been
laid across older, deeper currents is that of nationalism.

145

Memory and forgetting, past and present

This brings us to a ﬁnal development in African history writing: a
growing interest in the continent’s ‘contemporary’ history. What
exactly constitutes the contemporary is unclear, but in the African
context the term seems to be broadly synonymous with the
postcolonial era. Just as historians came gradually to engage with
the complexities of colonialism, so the research frontier is now
moving into the second half of the 20th century. We touched on
some emerging themes in the last chapter, especially the patterns
of continuity and change that characterized the shift from colonial
empires to nation-states. What is starting to become clear is that
this political transition is just one of many histories, which have
often been drowned out by the narrative of anti-colonial liberation
and the forging of new states. Many who fought for freedom from
colonial oppression found their stories silenced by political rivals,
who once in power strove to forget the struggles of past in the
pursuit of ‘national unity’. The ZAPU militants in Matabeleland
are just one example. Another is that of the forest ﬁghters of the
Mau Mau rebellion in 1950s Kenya, a conﬂict that was at once an
anti-colonial uprising and a civil war within Kikuyu society. As
Ranger suggests, the recognition of all these stories will be
necessary to heal the violence of the past and the tensions of the
present.

African History

African history, African heritage
The year 2007 marks the 200th anniversary of the Abolition of the
Slave Trade Act. After a long campaign by abolitionists, the British
parliament ﬁnally voted to outlaw the transportation of slaves in
British ships, effective from 1 May 1807. It was not the ﬁrst such
legislation: some individual states of the United States had already
prohibited the trade, as had Denmark. Revolutionary France,
meanwhile, in the aftermath of the huge slave uprising in its
Caribbean colony of Saint Domingue (Haiti) in 1791, had declared
an end to the slave trade and to the institution of slavery, only for
both to be reinstated by Napoleon in 1802. Nor was abolition
immediately effective. Africans continued to be exported across the
Atlantic in large numbers until mid-century, while slavery itself
continued in Brazil and Cuba until the 1880s and in many parts of
Africa well into the 20th century. Yet for all its ambiguity, 1807
represents a key moment in the making of the modern world. Its
bicentenary should stimulate reﬂection on the relationship between
African history and the broader human history of which it is part.
Slavery also brings us back to where we began: to the invention of
Africa. The idea of Africa, it will be remembered, emerged in part
from the experience of the transatlantic slave trade. Is there, then,
such a thing as African history, or is there just history, as it
happened to unfold on the continent called Africa? In the end, any
answer to this question will be subjective. All assertions about the
past of anywhere are at once assertions about the particular and
assertions about the universality of knowledge and historical ‘truth’.
Yet many would argue that if there is a distinctively African past,
then it is one forged, at least over the past few centuries, by a
sequence of traumatic historical experiences: the slave trades; the
tumult of the 19th century; colonial conquest; and the ongoing
poverty, violence, and political authoritarianism of the era of
independence. None of these episodes can be characterized simply
as unmitigated disasters for all Africans; as we have seen, their
effects have been far more complex and differentiated than often
146

recognized. African societies survived the challenges of the past,
and will survive those of the present. Yet the impact of this
succession of traumas on the lived experience of Africans and on the
formulation of the idea of Africa itself must not be underestimated.
The question is how best to recover and to represent this history of
suffering, of struggle, and of resilience.

Such ‘heritage wars’ are not peculiar to the African past. They have
been especially prominent in India in recent years, fuelled by the
rise of militant Hindu nationalism. They also characterize recent
debates over how British history should be taught in schools: a
147

Memory and forgetting, past and present

Emerging in the heady years of anti-colonial struggle and national
liberation, African history as an academic endeavour from the
outset had a mission. It set out to rectify past wrongs; to change the
world – or at least how its past was envisaged. For some historians,
this has been its strength; for others, its weakness. All would
probably agree that the responsibility to transform the established
idea of history as well as to help transform Africa itself was a heavy
burden to carry. Divisions were bound to arise; and they soon did:
over questions of race and power within universities and
professional associations, over the relevance of Western historical
epistemologies to the African past, over the degree to which history
writing should be an academic exercise or a political project. These
debates played out mainly in the United States – not just because of
the intensity of its own racial politics, but because it soon surpassed
the old colonial powers and independent Africa itself as the
principal centre of African historical research. As early as 1969,
some black members of the US African Studies Association split
from the main body to pursue a more pan-Africanist agenda in the
rival African Heritage Studies Association. The racial divide was
never absolute, and these days ASA meetings are attended by black
and white scholars from the US, Africa, and beyond. But debates
over the relationship between history and heritage – the latter
implying something that is inherited, and therefore ‘owned’ –
continue to arise.

African History

grand narrative of national glories, or a grittier, more inclusive
‘history from below’ that for some makes unpleasant reading. The
memorialization of the slave trade is one area where this question
looms large. And it cuts both ways: a version of the slave trade that
fails to come to grips with the active participation of African ruling
elites is as partial and as sanitized as a version of British history in
which its own participation in the trade is downplayed.
Another is the history of South Africa. The ﬁnal collapse of the
apartheid regime and the coming to power of Nelson Mandela and
the African National Congress is a key event in recent world history.
The ANC’s 1994 election victory, just weeks after the horrors of the
Rwandan genocide, represented a beacon of hope for the future. It
can be seen as the ﬁnal act in the long process of African
decolonization (leaving aside, that is, the ongoing Moroccan
occupation of the Western Sahara), and came at a time of mounting
popular pressure across much of the continent for an end to
autocratic rule and for free, multi-party elections. The political
struggle for the present is, for the moment, resolved; what remains
is representing and reconciling the struggles of the past.
One of the many tasks that now faces a democratic South Africa is
how to rethink and to rewrite its history. How should history be
taught in schools and universities? Should the process inaugurated
by the county’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission be about
forgiving and forgetting, or about righting past wrongs? In the dark
years of the apartheid regime, the past had been hijacked by those
with power. History was dominated by the grand narrative of white
settlement; by the battles fought by the emerging Afrikaner nation
against the ‘Bantu’ and the British empire to hold and to civilize the
land. But the counter-narrative, that of a triumphant black African
nationalism, is equally simplistic. It too silences as much as it
reveals: a glossed-over heritage rather than history. In the words of
Shula Marks, one of the leading historians of South Africa, the
challenge lies in transforming the nation’s past from a simple
‘morality play’ to a history in all its complexity and ambiguity.
148

Is African history still relevant, as it so clearly was in the era of
national liberation? The answer must be a resounding ‘yes’. Africa’s
contemporary crisis often makes the task of researching, writing,
and teaching its history a huge challenge – especially for those
scholars who labour under difﬁcult circumstances in the continent’s
struggling universities. Yet we would argue that just as the
triumphant claims of the ‘nationalist’ phase of history writing were
somewhat exaggerated, so too are current anxieties about the state
of the ﬁeld. This is not to downplay the difﬁculties ahead. It is to
suggest, however, that the severity of Africa’s crisis makes an
understanding of how it got to be where it is today as important as it
ever was.
Memory and forgetting, past and present

149

This page intentionally left blank

References

Chapter 1
Edward Said, Orientalism: Western Conceptions of the Orient (New
York, 1978).
John Iliffe, Africans: The History of a Continent (Cambridge, 1995),
p. 1.
Frederick Cooper, Africa since 1940: The Past of the Present
(Cambridge, 2002).
James C. McCann, Green Land, Brown Land, Black Land: An
Environmental History of Africa, 1800–1990 (Portsmouth, NH,
1999), p. 3.
Roderick J. McIntosh, The Peoples of the Middle Niger: The Island of
Gold (Oxford, 1998), p. xv.

Chapter 2
T. E. Bowdich, Mission from Cape Coast Castle to Ashantee (London,
1967 [1819]), p. 43.
W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, The Negro (New York, 1915).
Martin Bernal, Black Athena: The Afroasiatic Roots of Classical
Civilization (London, 1987).
Samuel Johnson, The History of the Yorubas (Lagos, 1921).
Lee Cronk, From Mokogodo to Maasai: Ethnicity and Cultural Change
in Kenya (Boulder, 2004).

151

African History

Chapter 3
Jan Vansina, Art History in Africa: An Introduction to Method
(London, 1984), p. 135.
Paul Jenkins (ed.), The Recovery of the West African Past: African
Pastors and African History in the Nineteenth Century (Basel,
1998).
Jan Vansina, Oral History: A Study in Historical Methodology (Chicago,
1965).
Joseph C. Miller, ‘History and Africa/Africa and History’, American
Historical Review, 104 (1999), p. 11.
Thomas Q. Reefe, The Rainbow and the Kings: A History of the Luba
Empire to 1891 (Berkeley, 1981).
John Yoder, The Kanyok of Zaire: An Institutional and Ideological
History to 1895 (Cambridge, 1992).
Susan Keech McIntosh, ‘Archaeology and the Reconstruction of the
African Past’, in John Edward Philips (ed.), Writing African History
(Rochester, 2005), p. 57.
Henry John Drewal, ‘Signs of Time, Shapes of Thought: The
Contribution of Art History and Visual Culture to Historical Methods
in Africa’, in Philips, Writing African History, pp. 330 and 332.

Chapter 4
Jean-François Bayart, ‘Africa in the World: A History of Extraversion’,
African Affairs, 99 (2000), p. 218.
C. A. Bayly, The Birth of the Modern World 1780–1914: Global
Connections and Comparisons (Oxford, 2004).
John Thornton, The Kongolese Saint Anthony: Dona Beatriz Kimpa
Vita and the Antonian Movement, 1684–1706 (Cambridge, 1998).
J. D. Y. Peel, Religious Encounter and the Making of the Yoruba
(Bloomington, 2000).
Jean Comaroff and John Comaroff, Of Revelation and Revolution:
Christianity, Colonialism and Consciousness in South Africa
(Chicago, 1991).
John Thornton, Africa and Africans in the Making of the Atlantic
World, 1400–1800 (Cambridge, 1998).
152

Robin Law and Paul E. Lovejoy (eds), The Biography of Mahommah
Gardo Baquaqua: His Passage From Slavery to Freedom in Africa
and America (Princeton, 2001).
Patrick Manning, ‘Africa and the African Diaspora: New Directions of
Study’, Journal of African History, 44 (2003), p. 490.

Chapter 5

Chapter 6
Jacob F. Ade Ajayi, ‘African History at Ibadan’, in A. H. M. Kirk-Greene
(ed.), The Emergence of African History at British Universities
(Oxford, 1995), p. 93.
K. O. Dike, Trade and Politics in the Niger Delta, 1830–1885 (London,
1956).
153

References

Jacob F. Ade Ajayi, ‘Colonialism: An Episode in African History’, in
L. Gann and P. Duignan (eds), Colonialism in Africa Vol. 1
(Cambridge, 1969).
Frederick Cooper, Colonialism in Question: Theory, Knowledge, History
(Berkeley, 2005), p. 34.
Jan Vansina, Paths in the Rainforest: Towards a History of Political
Tradition in Equatorial Africa (Madison, 1990).
David Robinson, Paths of Accommodation: Muslim Societies and
French Colonial Authorities in Senegal and Mauritania, 1880–1920
(Athens, Ohio, 2000).
Sir Apolo Kaggwa, Kings of Buganda, tr. M. Kiwanuka (Nairobi, 1971).
David Cannadine, Ornamentalism: How the British Saw Their Empire
(London, 2001).
Niall Ferguson, Empire: The Rise and Demise of the British World Order
and the Lessons for Global Power (London, 2002).
Jomo Kenyatta, Facing Mount Kenya: The Tribal Life of the Gikuyu
(London, 1938).
Terence Ranger, ‘The Invention of Tradition in Colonial Africa’, in
E. J. Hobsbawm and T. O. Ranger (eds), The Invention of Tradition
(Cambridge, 1983).
Mahmood Mamdani, Citizen and Subject: Contemporary Africa and the
Legacy of Late Colonialism (Princeton, 1996).

Thomas Hodgkin, Nationalism in Colonial Africa (London, 1956).
Paul E. Lovejoy, ‘Nigeria: The Ibadan School and its Critics’, in Bogumil
Jewsiewicki and David Newbury (eds), African Historiographies:
What History for Which Africa? (Beverly Hills, 1986), p. 202.
Walter Rodney, How Europe Underdeveloped Africa (London, 1972).
Martin A. Klein, ‘The Development of Senegalese Historiography’, in
Jewsiewicki and Newbury, African Historiographies, p. 217.

African History

Chapter 7
P. F. de Moraes Farias, ‘The Oral Traditionist as Critic and Intellectual
Producer: An Example from Contemporary Mali’, in Toyin Falola
(ed.), African Historiography: Essays in Honour of Jacob Ade Ajayi
(Harlow, 1993).
Terence Ranger, ‘African Local Historiographies: A Negative Case’, in
Axel Harneit-Sievers (ed.), A Place in the World: New Local
Historiographies from Africa and South Asia (Leiden, 2002),
pp. 293 and 302.
Joseph C. Miller, ‘History and Africa/Africa and History’, American
Historical Review, 104 (1999), p. 21.
Jean-François Bayart, The State in Africa: The Politics of the Belly
(Harlow, 1993).
Johannes Fabian, Remembering the Present: Painting and Popular
History in Zaire (Berkeley, 1996).
Shula Marks, ‘Rewriting South African History’, in Simon McGrath
et al. (eds), Rethinking African History (Edinburgh, 1997).

154

Further reading

Chapter 1
Philosophers rather than historians have pioneered scholarship on the
idea of Africa: see V. Y. Mudimbe, The Invention of Africa: Gnosis,
Philosophy, and the Order of Knowledge (Bloomington, 1988), and The
Idea of Africa (Bloomington, 1994), and Kwame Anthony Appiah, In
My Father’s House: Africa and the Philosophy of Culture (New York,
1992). For comparative insights, see Ronald B. Inden, Imagining India
(Oxford, 1990), and Chris Wickham, Framing the Early Middle Ages:
Europe and the Mediterranean, 400–800 (Oxford, 2005). From a
geographical perspective, Martin W. Lewis and Kären E. Wigen, The
Myth of Continents: A Critique of Metageography (Berkeley, 1997) is
thought-provoking. The best one-volume survey of African history is
John Iliffe, Africans: The History of a Continent (Cambridge, 1995).
James C. McCann, Green Land, Brown Land, Black Land: An
Environmental History of Africa, 1800–1990 (Portsmouth, NH, 1999)
is an excellent introduction. Roderick J. McIntosh, The Peoples of the
Middle Niger: The Island of Gold (Oxford, 1998) is a superb work of
historical archaeology. For the broader context, see Graham Connah,
African Civilizations. Precolonial Cities and States: An Archaeological
Perspective (2nd edn, Cambridge, 2001), David W. Phillipson, African
Archaeology (3rd edn, Cambridge, 2005), and David M. Anderson and
Richard Rathbone (eds), Africa’s Urban Past (Oxford, 2000). On
Sunjata, see Ralph Austen (ed.), In Search of Sunjata: The Mande Epic
as History, Literature, and Performance (Bloomington, 1999).
155

African History

Chapter 2
For an introduction to the history of Africa’s populations, see James L.
Newman, The Peopling of Africa: A Geographic Interpretation (New
Haven, 1995), and for its languages, B. Heine and D. Nurse (eds),
African Languages: An Introduction (Cambridge, 2000). On North
Africa, Michael Brett and Elizabeth Fentress, The Berbers (Oxford,
1996) is excellent. For hybrid coastal communities, try John Middleton,
The World of the Swahili: An African Mercantile Civilization (New
Haven, 1992), and George Brooks, Eurafricans in Western Africa
(Athens, Ohio, 2003). For a robust critique of Afrocentrism, see
Stephen Howe, Afrocentrism: Mythical Pasts and Imagined Homes
(London, 1998). On identity and historical imagination in South Africa,
see Carolyn Hamilton, Terriﬁc Majesty: The Powers of Shaka Zulu and
the Limits of Historical Invention (Cambridge, Mass., 1998), and
T. Dunbar Moodie, The Rise of Afrikanerdom: Power, Apartheid and
Afrikaner Civil Religion (Berkeley, 1975), and on the Yoruba, Toyin
Falola (ed.), Yoruba Historiography (Madison, 1991), and L. J. Matory,
‘The English Professors of Brazil: On the Diasporic Roots of the Yoruba
Nation’, Comparative Studies in Society and History, 41 (1999). For
precolonial Rwanda, see Jan Vansina, Antecedents to Modern Rwanda:
The Nyiginya Kingdom (Oxford, 2004), and for the 20th century,
Mahmood Mamdani, When Victims Become Killers: Colonialism,
Nativism, and the Genocide in Rwanda (Princeton, 2001). A history of
popular music in Africa remains to be written, but for a regional study,
try G. Stewart, Rumba on the River: A History of the Popular Music of
the Two Congos (London, 2000).
Chapter 3
For useful introductions to the issues of evidence and method in African
history, see the essays in John Edward Philips (ed.), Writing African
History (Rochester, 2005); ongoing developments are examined in the
journal History in Africa. Tadesse Tamrat, Church and State in
Ethiopia, 1270–1527 (Oxford, 1972) is a classic account of medieval
Ethiopia using the region’s rich documentary sources. Amongst critical
editions of Arabic sources for sub-Saharan history, N. Levtzion and
J. F. P. Hopkins (eds), Corpus of Early Arabic Sources for West African
156

Chapter 4
On locating Africa in world history, see Steven Feierman, ‘African
Histories and the Dissolution of World History’, in Robert H. Bates,
V. Y. Mudimbe, and Jean O’Barr (eds), Africa and the Disciplines
(Chicago, 1993). On Kongo religious history, see Wyatt MacGaffey,
Modern Kongo Prophets (Bloomington, 1983), and for the broader
context, Adrian Hastings, The Church in Africa, 1450–1950 (Oxford,
1994). The best introduction to Islam is David Robinson’s Muslim
Societies in African History (Cambridge, 2004); see too Nehemia
Levtzion and Randal Pouwels (eds), The History of Islam in Africa
(Athens, Ohio, 2000). From a huge literature on slavery and the slave
trade, see Joseph C. Miller, Way of Death: Merchant Capitalism and the
Angolan Slave Trade, 1730–1830 (Madison, 1988), Paul E. Lovejoy,
Transformations in Slavery: A History of Slavery in Africa (2nd edn,
Cambridge, 2000), and Boubacar Barry, Senegambia and the Atlantic
Slave Trade (Cambridge, 1998). David Eltis, Stephen D. Behrendt,
David Richardson, and Herbert S. Klein, The Trans-Atlantic Slave
157

Further reading

History (Cambridge, 1981), and John O. Hunwick, Timbuktu and the
Songhay Empire: Al-Sa‘dî’s Ta’rîkh al-Sûdân down to 1613 (Leiden,
1999) are outstanding; so too is Paulo F. de Moraes Farias, Arabic
Medieval Inscriptions from the Republic of Mali: Epigraphy,
Chronicles, and Songhay-Tuâreg History (Oxford, 2003). On oral
narratives, try Isabel Hofmeyr, ‘We Spend Our Years as a Tale That is
Told’: Oral Historical Narrative in a South African Chiefdom
(Portsmouth, NH, 1994). Sally Falk Moore, Anthropology and Africa:
Changing Perspectives on a Changing Scene (Charlottesville, 1994) is a
useful guide. For two examples of the possibilities of art history, see
Paula Girshick Ben-Amos, Art, Innovation, and Politics in
Eighteenth-Century Benin (Bloomington, 1999), and Mary Nooter
Roberts and Allen F. Roberts (eds), Memory: Luba Art and the Making
of History (New York, 1996). On photographs as historical sources,
including commentary on some of the images used in this book, see
African Arts, Special Issue: Historical Photographs of Africa, 24, 4
(1991), and on literature, Margaret Jean Hay (ed.), African Novels in the
Classroom (Boulder, 2000).

African History

Trade: A Database on CD-ROM (Cambridge, 1999) is an extraordinary
achievement. For the Nigerian Hinterland Project, go to www.yorku.ca/
nhp. Michael A. Gomez, Reversing Sail: A History of the African
Diaspora (Cambridge, 2005) is a good introduction. Much recent
research can be found in the journal Slavery and Abolition: see
especially Vol. 22, 1 (2001), special issue on ‘Rethinking the African
Diaspora’ edited by Kristin Mann and Edna G. Bay. On Madagascar, see
Pier M. Larson, History and Memory in the Age of Enslavement:
Becoming Merina in Highland Madagascar 1770–1822 (Portsmouth,
NH, 2000).
Chapter 5
The best account of conquest from the African perspective is John
Lonsdale, ‘The European Scramble and Conquest in African History’, in
Cambridge History of Africa Vol. 6 (Cambridge, 1985); for a more
conventional narrative, see Thomas Pakenham, The Scramble for Africa
(London, 1991). Jonathan Glassman, Feasts and Riot: Revelry,
Rebellion and Popular Consciousness on the Swahili Coast, 1856–1888
(Portsmouth, NH, 1995) examines the local underbelly of the German
conquest of the coast of Tanzania. On the impact of colonial rule, John
Iliffe, A Modern History of Tanganyika (Cambridge, 1979) is a classic;
for women’s experiences, begin with Jean Allman, Susan Geiger, and
Nakanyike Musisi (eds), Women in Colonial African Histories
(Bloomington, 2002). For a lively account of how one village
community negotiated the 20th century, see Landeg White, Magomero:
Portrait of an African Village (Cambridge, 1987); and for another,
which straddles the coming of colonial rule, T. C. McCaskie, Asante
Identities: History and Modernity in an African Village, 1850–1950
(Edinburgh, 2000). On the circulation of ideas, see Andrew Roberts
(ed.), The Colonial Moment in Africa: Essays on the Movement of Minds
and Materials, 1900–1940 (Cambridge, 1990). On the invention of
tradition and indirect rule, see T. O. Ranger, ‘The Invention of Tradition
Revisited’, in T.O. Ranger and Olafemi Vaughan (eds), Legitimacy
and the State in Twentieth-Century Africa (London, 1993), and Thomas
Spear, ‘Neo-Traditionalism and the Limits of Invention in British
Colonial Africa’, Journal of African History, 44 (2003).
158

Chapter 7
Stephen Ellis, ‘Writing Histories of Contemporary Africa’, Journal of
African History, 43 (2002), surveys the challenges of recent history. On
memory, see Jocelyn Alexander, JoAnn McGregor, and Terence Ranger,
Violence and Memory: One Hundred Years in the Dark Forests of
Matabeleland (Oxford, 2000), Rosalind Shaw, Memories of the Slave
Trade: Ritual and the Historical Imagination in Sierra Leone (Chicago,
2002), Anne C. Bailey, African Voices of the Atlantic Slave Trade:
Beyond the Silence and the Shame (Boston, 2005), and Sarah Nuttall
159

Further reading

Chapter 6
On the impact of the war on Africa, see David Killingray and Richard
Rathbone (eds), Africa and the Second World War (London, 1986). The
postwar moment has been analysed with insight by Frederick Cooper
in his Africa since 1940: The Past of the Present (Cambridge, 2002).
J. D. Hargreaves, Decolonization in Africa (2nd edn, London, 1996)
is a useful survey. The literature on the decolonization of Ghana is
particularly well developed: see Jean Allman, The Quills of the
Porcupine: Asante Nationalism in an Emergent Ghana (Madison,
1993), and Richard Rathbone, Nkrumah and the Chiefs: The Politics of
Chieftaincy in Ghana, 1951–1960 (Oxford, 1999); so too is that on the
Mau Mau rebellion: John Lonsdale, ‘The Moral Economy of Mau Mau’,
in Bruce Berman and John Lonsdale, Unhappy Valley: Conﬂict in
Kenya and Africa Vol. 2 (London, 1992), and David Anderson, Histories
of the Hanged: Britain’s Dirty War in Kenya and the End of Empire
(London, 2005). Alistair Horne, A Savage War of Peace: Algeria,
1954–1962 (London, 1977) is a classic. The British Documents on
the End of Empire project is a key resource: the latest in the series is
Philip Murphy, Central Africa, two volumes (London, 2005). On the
emergence of African history, a good place to start is the lively memoir
of one of the pioneers, Jan Vansina, Living with Africa (Madison, 1994),
and for the pan-Africanist tradition, V. Y. Mudimbe (ed.), The
Surreptitious Speech: Présence Africaine and the Politics of Otherness,
1947–1987 (Chicago, 1992). For a typically trenchant commentary on
négritude and on Africa’s postcolonial predicament, see Wole Soyinka,
The Burden of Memory, the Muse of Forgiveness (New York, 1999).

African History

and Carli Coetzee (eds), Negotiating the Past: The Making of Memory
in South Africa (Cape Town, 1998). On past and present violence in
southern Sudan, see Sharon E. Hutchinson, Nuer Dilemmas: Coping
with Money, War, and the State (Berkeley, 1996), which is an
outstanding example of historical anthropology. Another, on how the
past is performed, is Karin Barber, I Could Speak Until Tomorrow:
Oriki, Women, and the Past in a Yoruba Town (London, 1991). From a
growing literature on witchcraft, broadly deﬁned, try Luise White,
Speaking with Vampires: Rumor and History in Colonial Africa
(Berkeley, 2000), and Jean Allman and John Parker, Tongnaab: The
History of a West African God (Bloomington, 2005). For a wide-ranging
discussion of many of the issues raised here, see Paul Tiyambe Zeleza,
Manufacturing African Studies and Crises (Dakar, 1997). Finally, two
books on Africans in the world, past and present: Laurent Dubois,
Avengers of the New World: The Story of the Haitian Revolution
(Cambridge, Mass., 2004), and James Ferguson, Global Shadows:
Africa in the Neoliberal World Order (Durham, NC, 2006).

160

Index

art history 64–5
Asante kingdom 28, 43, 99,
125

A

B

acephalous societies 27–8
Abrahams, Peter 68
African art 14, 26–7, 63–5,
143–4
African diaspora 2, 7, 9, 27, 32,
34, 36–7, 82–6; see also
pan-Africanism
African Heritage Studies
Association 147
African literature 68
African music 26–7, 29, 64–5,
132
African Studies Association
147
Afrocentrism 38; see also Diop,
Cheikh Anta
Ajayi, Jacob Ade 92–3, 104,
124
Aladura Church 27
Algeria 11, 27, 29, 86, 97, 107,
118, 123, 127
Andalucía 29, 32
Angola 72–3, 78, 81, 103, 120,
140
Annales school 17
anthropology 31, 39, 60–1, 64,
77, 135–6
apartheid 33, 120, 148
Arab people 5, 7–8
Arabic chronicles 19, 22, 51, 75,
107
archaeology 16, 19–21, 25–6,
62–3
archives 67–9, 125

Balandier, Georges 127
Bambara people 22, 24
Bantu expansion 61–2
Baquaqua, Mahommah G.
82–4, 88
Bayart, Jean-François 72, 143
Bayly, C. A. 71
Bénin (Republic of ) 40, 79, 82
Berber people 7, 8, 29, 38, 45,
75
Bernal, Martin 38
bilad as-Sudan 8, 20, 76
Blyden, Edward W. 7, 8, 36
Boahen, A. Adu 126
Bowdich, Thomas 28
Brazil 27, 42, 82–3, 85, 87, 88,
146
Buganda kingdom 28, 125
Burkina Faso 20
Burundi 47

C
Cameroon 112
Cannadine, David 110
Christianity 8, 27, 51, 53–4,
72–7, 83, 86, 102
Christian missions 53–4, 72–7,
86
Cissé, Y.T. 137
colonial conquest 86, 90,
91–100
Comaroff, Jean and John 77
Congo (Belgian/Democratic
161

F

Republic of ) 14, 27, 31,
58–60, 64, 66, 106, 120,
132, 143–4
independence of 129, 130–1
Congo Free State 100
Conrad, Joseph 12, 100
Cooper, Frederick 9, 92, 116
Coptic Church 51, 75
Côte d’Ivoire 117, 137
Cronk, Lee 46
Crowther, Rev. Samuel Ajayi
42
Crummell, Alexander 7

Fabian, Johannes 144
Fage, John 122
Farias, P. F. de Moraes 137, 142
Ferguson, Niall 110
Fortier, Edmond 18, 108
Fosso, Samuel 144

G
Garvey, Marcus 83
Ghana (ancient) 17, 19, 22,
54–5
Ghana (modern) 20, 28, 91,
99, 118, 122, 129, 132
Goldblatt, David 33
griots see jeliw
Guèye, Lamine 117

African History

D
Davidson, Basil 124, 129
decolonization 114–22, 130–1;
see too independence
movements
Delafosse, Maurice 107
Delaney, Martin 7
demography 10, 79, 91
Dike, K. Onwuka 124
Diop, Alioune 128
Diop, Cheikh Anta 128–9
Du Bois, W. E. B. 36, 49, 83,
85

H
Haiti 83, 146
Hamitic hypothesis 8, 107
Hansberry, William Leo 36, 49
Hausa people and language
40, 42, 53, 56
Herskovits, Melville 83
historic texts 51, 75, 107
historiography 10–11, 92,
122–9, 132, 133–4, 141
Hobsbawm, Eric 111
Hobson, J. A. 94
Hodgkin, Thomas 124–5
Houphouët-Boigny, Félix 117
human origins 25–6
Hutu people 39, 44–7

E
Egypt 5, 7, 11, 14, 20, 38, 51,
87–8, 103
independence of 100, 114
Ellington, Duke 12, 65
environmental history 10–16
Equiano, Olaudah 7, 82
Eritrea 11, 52
Ethiopia 20, 51, 75, 99, 114, 122
‘ethnogenesis’ 42–3

I
Ibadan school 124
162

L

Ibn Khaldun 8
Iliffe, John 9, 10
imperial history 50
Inden, Ronald 4
independence movements 100,
114–23, 131, 145, 148
Indian Ocean 8, 79, 86
indigénat 100–3, 117
indirect rule 100, 109–13
‘invention of tradition’ 109–13
Islam 7–8, 19, 22, 27, 38, 51,
53, 72, 82, 107, 126–7,
138
‘Africanization’ of 75–7

language 22, 26, 42, 44, 46, 50,
53–6; see also linguistics
Larson, Pier 85
Leopold, King of Belgium 94,
100
Liberia 37, 82, 88, 114, 137
linguistics 61–2
Lobengula 139
Luba kingdom and people
58–60, 90, 128
Lugard, F. D. 102
Lumumba, Patrice 130–1
Ly, Abdoulaye 128

J

M
Maasai people 46
McCann, James 11
MacGaffey, Wyatt 77
McIntosh, Roderick 20
Madagascar 9, 85, 117
Mahdism 97, 100
Maji Maji rebellion 99
Makiadi, Franco Luambo
132
Mali (ancient) 17, 19, 22, 24
Mali (modern) 16, 20, 24,
137–8, 142
Mamdani, Mahmood 111–13
Mande people 22, 137
Mandela, Nelson 38, 148
Manning, Patrick 85
Mansa Musa 19, 137
Marks, Shula 148
Marxism 141–2
Mau Mau rebellion 118, 145
Mauritania 20, 29, 109
Miller, Joseph 78, 142–3

K
Kaggwa, Sir Apolo 102–4, 110
Kalahari Desert 12, 31
Kamisòkò, Waa 137–9, 145
Kanda-Matulu, Tshibumba
144–5
Kebre Negast 51, 75, 107
Keech McIntosh, Susan 63
Kenya 46, 105, 111, 118–9, 145
Kenyatta, Jomo 111
Kimpa Vita, Dona Beatriz 72–7
kinship 39–40, 44, 61
Kongo kingdom and people
72–3, 77
Kuba people 51, 64, 66
163

Index

jeliw 22, 57, 58, 137–8
Jenne-jeno 16–19, 24, 137
Johnson, Rev. Samuel 36, 42,
54–7, 102, 110
Journal of African History 60,
122

Peel, J. D. Y. 77
Portugal 5, 7, 19, 78, 94, 114,
122
Présence africaine 128
‘Pygmies’ 31

Mobutu Sese Seko 130, 132,
143–4
Morocco 11, 20, 24, 29, 75, 91,
99
Mozambique 79, 103, 120
Mudimbe, V. Y. 4–5
Mugabe, Robert 139–40
Muhammad Ali 87, 88
Mukogodo people 46
Murid brotherhood 27
Mzilikazi 140

R
race and racialism 2–3, 4–9,
12, 26, 34–8, 67, 107, 110,
147
Ranger, T. O. 111, 139–40
Reindorf, Rev. Carl Christian
54–6, 57
religion 27, 72–7, 132, 138; see
also Christianity, Islam
Revue africaine 107
Robinson, David 75, 109
Rodney, Walter 127, 140
Roman Africa 5, 7, 20, 29, 45,
75
Rwanda 39, 44, 47, 148

African History

N
Namibia 99
Ndebele people 99, 138–40
négritude 36, 83, 128
Niger River, Middle 16–20, 32,
63
Niger (Republic of ) 63
Nigeria 27, 40–3, 64, 79, 107,
122, 124, 126, 132
Njoya, King of Bamum 112
Nkrumah, Kwame 118, 129,
132
North African identities 5, 8,
29–31, 38

S
Sahara Desert 2, 8, 12, 14, 16,
75
Said, Edward 4, 8
San people (‘Bushmen’) 31
Sekou Amadou 24
Senegal 27, 30, 108, 109, 120,
128
Senghor, Léopold 117, 120, 129
settlers 32, 37, 103–6, 114–15,
148
Shaka 40–1
Sierra Leone 42, 54, 82, 88,
120, 137
slave trades 5–6, 30, 67, 78–83
abolition of 86, 87–8, 146–7

O
Ogot, Bethwell A. 126
Oliver, Roland 122
Omani diaspora 34–5
oral traditions 22, 54, 56–60,
138–9

P
Palmer, H. R. 107
pan-Africanism 7, 8–9, 34, 36,
83–4
164

Tukulor empire 24
Tunisia 5, 29
Tutsi people 39, 44–7

slavery 6, 78, 87–8, 146–7
and ‘legitimate commerce’
88–90
Smith, Abdullahi 126
Sokoto Caliphate 88, 101–2,
125–6
Somalia 129, 137
Songhay 17, 24
South Africa 11, 27, 32, 33, 40,
43, 53, 94, 99; see also
apartheid
Soyinka, Wole 68
Sudan 20, 88, 97, 98, 100, 122,
137
Sumanguru Kante 24
Sunjata Keita 22, 24, 58, 137
Swahili language and people
26, 32, 53, 56, 90

U
Uganda 28, 102–3, 122, 125
Umar Tal 24
universities 3, 122–9

V
Vansina, Jan 51, 57, 104
vodun 27

W
witchcraft 73, 143
written records (indigenous)
22–3, 51–4

Y

Tanzania 99, 127
Tempels, Fr. Placide 128
Thornton, John 81
Timbuktu 19, 51, 63, 69
Togo 79
Torday, Emil 64, 66
towns and cities 14, 16–20, 41,
51, 52–3
‘tribes’ 8, 43–7, 142
Tswana people 77
Tuareg people 23

Yoder, John 59
Yoruba people 36, 40–3, 54,
64, 77, 113

Z
Zambia 106
Zanzibar 35, 68, 89, 90
Zidane, Zinédene 38
Zimbabwe 99, 121, 131, 138–40
Zulu people 40, 42–3, 113

165

Index

T

