American Political Parties and Elections:
A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and
have been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next few
years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes — a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson

CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS
Mary Beard and John Henderson
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND
SURREALISM David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver

ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION John Pinder
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALILEO Stillman Drake
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION
AND THE NEW DEAL
Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews

LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Christopher Harvie
and H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POST STRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton

RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman

SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
Antisemitism
Steven Beller
Bestsellers
John Sutherland
Classical Mythology
Helen Morales
Documentary Film
Patricia Aufderheide
The European Union
(new edition)
John Pinder & Simon
Usherwood
Expressionism
Katerina Reed-Tsocha
Game Theory
Ken Binmore

Geography
John Matthews & David Herbert
Geopolitics
Klaus Dodds
German Literature
Nicholas Boyle
Memory
Jonathan Foster
Modern China
Rana Mitter
Quakerism
Pink Dandelion
Science and Religion
Thomas Dixon
Sexuality
Veronique Mottier

For more information visit our website
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

L. Sandy Maisel

American
Political
Parties and
Elections
A Very Short Introduction

1

3
Oxford University Press, Inc., publishes works that further
Oxford University’s objective of excellence
in research, scholarship, and education.
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Copyright ß 2007 by L. Sandy Maisel
Published by Oxford University Press, Inc.
198 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10016
www.oup.com
Oxford is a registered trademark of Oxford University Press
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without the prior permission of Oxford University Press.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Maisel, Louis Sandy, 1945American political parties and elections
/ by L. Sandy Maisel.
p. cm. — (A very short introduction)
Includes bibliographical references and index.
978–0–19–530122–9
1. Political parties—United States.
2. Elections—United States.
I. Title.
JK1965.M34 2007
324.973—dc22
2007001843

1 3 5 7 9 8 6 4 2
Printed in the United States of America
on acid-free paper

This book is dedicated with respect, admiration, and profound
gratitude to Joe Boulos, Bob Diamond, Bob Gelbard, Bill Goldfarb,
and Larry Pugh.

This page intentionally left blank

Contents

List of illustrations x
Foreword xi
Acknowledgments xv

1

The context of American elections and political
parties 1

2
3

A brief history of American political parties 28

4

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats?
Who are the ‘‘others’’? 77

5

Presidential elections: Nominating campaigns
and general elections 91

6
7

Subnational nominations and elections 117

Party organizations: What do they look like?
What do they do? 56

Far from the perfect democracy 135
Notes 148
For further reading 159
Index 163

List of illustrations

1

Harry S Truman takes the oath
of ofﬁce as president of the
United States. 9

6

Washington, DC, National Archives

2

President Lyndon B. Johnson
signs the Voting Rights Act
of 1965 into law. 19

Austin, TX, LBJ Library (photo by
Yoichi R. Okamoto)

7

8
John Adams, Gouverneur
Morris, Alexander Hamilton
and Thomas Jefferson. 29
Washington, DC, Library of Congress

4

Aaron Burr and Alexander
Hamilton duel. 32

A woman suffrage procession in
Washington, DC. 48
Washington, DC, Library of Congress

Austin, TX, LBJ Library (photo by
Robert Knudsen)

3

President Lyndon Johnson
and Chicago Mayor Richard
Daley. 44

Ofﬁcials tally votes in Dixville
Notch, New Hampshire. 99
AP/ Wide World Photos

9

President George H. W. Bush
on a whistle-stop campaign
through Ohio. 103
Washington, DC, National Archives

Washington, DC, Library of Congress

5

Ronald Reagan accepting
presidential nomination. 39
Washington, DC, National Archives

10 George W. Bush and Al Gore
debate. 116
Wait Chapel, NC, Wake Forest
University

Foreword

The concept of the Very Short Introduction series has intrigued me
for some time. You can go to your local bookstore, pick up a volume,
and quickly relearn what you once knew but had forgotten about
important subjects. Or you can ﬁnd a volume on something you
should know about but never found time to study. I must admit that
I have long thought of these books as sophisticated crib notes,
written by scholars who understand what is important about a
subject and can distill complex information in an accessible format.
Then I was approached to write this book. My admiration for those
who have written VSIs on Democracy or Fascism, on Islam or
Judaism, on Kant or Socrates, on Choice Theory or Literary Theory
has increased immensely. Like John Pinder, one of the authors in this
series, I have thought often of the claim—attributed at various times
to Dr. Johnson, Twain, Shaw and various other sages—that they wrote
a long letter because they did not have time to write a short one.
The difﬁculty in writing a short work about a subject on which one
has written at length is to decide what is essential and what merely
interesting, to determine which familiar but complex concepts are
intuitively known accurately by your audience and which are often
misunderstood, to choose when familiar examples are needed to
illustrate a process and when a generalized description will sufﬁce,
and, particularly when one is writing on a subject of contemporary
saliency, to concentrate on themes that the reader can apply in the

immediate context and into the future. In my case, the difﬁculty
was exacerbated because American political parties and elections
are of interest to an American audience familiar in a general way
with much of the process, and to a non-American audience to
whom the electoral process in the United States is not only
unfamiliar but also signiﬁcantly different from their own.

American Political Parties and Elections

The importance of understanding how
elections work
In my view, the subject matter of this book merits the attention
needed to approach these tasks carefully. The electoral process
serves as the link between the people and their government. When
a government is as powerful as that of the United States, the
consequences for all citizens of the world are so high that at least a
basic understanding of how they are chosen is essential. Do the
decisions of the government in fact represent the will of the
people? Do the opinions expressed by elected leaders reﬂect the
views of Americans more generally? If not, why does the system not
link the representatives and the represented more closely?
The reader will judge how well I have distilled the complex
American electoral process to its core elements and have discussed
the implications of these elements for governing. My goal was to
accomplish these tasks so that the reader can follow an election
and critique the system knowledgeably. More than that, I sought to
evaluate the process against rigorous democratic criteria, the
principles to which Americans hold dear. I am a passionate
believer in American democracy, but I am also an ardent critic.
And I do not believe that those two positions are inconsistent. The
American electoral process works very well for the United States—
but not perfectly. As a nation based on an ideal democratic creed,
as eloquently laid out in the Declaration of Independence, the
United States should have a constant goal of improving the ways in
which citizens express their consent to those who govern them.
xii

In the pages that follow, I hope to inform the reader about the
American system and to stimulate thought and discussion about
ways to improve it. Reform is not easy; were it easy to right the
problems with the American system, someone would have done so
long ago. Consequences of reform efforts are notoriously difﬁcult
to predict; passage of reform proposals are always difﬁcult because
of those with vested interests in the status quo. But anticipated
difﬁculty does not mean that effort is not worthwhile; that is what
striving for an ideal is all about. As Woodrow Wilson, a noted
reformer himself, said, ‘‘Some people call me an idealist. Well, that
is the only way I know to be an American. America is the only
idealistic nation in the world.’’

Foreword

xiii

This page intentionally left blank

Acknowledgments

In working on this book, I have accumulated many debts. I want to
thank Tim Bartlett and Kate Hamill, the editors at Oxford who
brought this idea to me, and especially Dedi Felman and her
assistant, Michele Bove, who have seen it through to completion.
My thanks go to Helen Mules, Mary Sutherland, and Jane Slusser
for their ﬁne editorial work. A sabbatical leave from Colby College
afforded me the time necessary to work on this project; I have
always considered myself extremely lucky to work at an institution
that values the two aspects of my professional work from which
I derive most enjoyment—undergraduate teaching and productive
scholarship.
Andrea Berchowitz served as my research assistant on this project;
her dedication and skills are evident throughout, and her humor
always made working with her a pleasure. I would also like to
thank Rhodes Cook, Brooke McNally, Pippa Norris, Dan Shea,
Harold Stanley, Amy Walter, and Sarah Whitﬁeld for pointing me
in directions I otherwise might not have found. Bob Atkins, Lynn
Bindeman, and especially Helen Irving commented on the
manuscript from the perspective of informed non-American
readers; I hope that the changes I made as a result of their
comments have made this book more useful for non-American
readers. If not, as in all else, the fault is mine alone.

American Political Parties and Elections

As has been true for more than a dozen years, my most signiﬁcant
debt is to my wife, Patrice Franko. We have both been on
sabbatical leave this year. Some might think that two professors
spending a year together—each working on a book project and,
even more amazingly, working on another one together—would be
a recipe for disaster. Not so for us, and my only hope is that Patrice
feels that my support for her has been as helpful as I know hers has
been for me.
Finally, this book is dedicated to ﬁve wonderful friends. Joe
Boulos, Bob Diamond, Bob Gelbard, Bill Goldfarb, and Larry Pugh
are all trustees of Colby College, generous benefactors, and
incredibly loyal alumni. But this book is not dedicated to them for
that reason. I have done so because to me they are role models,
individuals who combine excellence and success in their
professions with an understanding that one only lives a full life if
that commitment to the workplace is combined with devotion to
and love of family, enjoyment of leisure time spent with good
friends, and commitment to community. Patrice and I feel
privileged indeed to count them and their wives among our friends.
Sandy Maisel
Rome, Maine
November 2006

xvi

Chapter 1
The context of American
elections and political
parties

Americans are proud—justiﬁably proud, given its longevity—of
their democratic electoral system. Yet, truth be told, few Americans
and even fewer observers from other nations understand the
American electoral process. Most citizens of democratic regimes
evaluate other democracies according to the standard set by their
own. But representative democracies come in many varieties. What
is common across democratic systems is that citizens vote to choose
those who are to govern them. In some cases they choose
executives, legislators, and judges; in others, only some of these. In
some nations, voters choose national, regional, and local
ofﬁceholders; in others, only some of those. What is critical is that
citizens can evaluate the performance of those who make decisions
that most directly affect their lives.
The world’s democracies are judged to be more or less effective
based on a number of factors. Is the process open? Do those
out of power have a chance to contest for ofﬁce successfully?
In Canada, party control of government has switched with some
frequency. In the old Soviet Union, such power-shifting was
unimaginable.
Do citizens participate easily and freely in the political process? In
Denmark and Germany, turnout in typical elections for the
legislature averages nearly 90 percent; in Poland and Switzerland,
1

American political parties and elections

closer to 50 percent; and in recent U.S. elections, around
33 percent have voted in midterm elections and about 50 percent
in presidential.
To how much information do citizens have access before they
reach their decisions of voting? How free are candidates and
parties to express their views on the issues of the day? Democratic
regimes span a wide spectrum in terms of how freely those in
power can be criticized, by the press or by the opposition, on
such issues as the openness of the process, the ability of those
out of power to contest for ofﬁce successfully, the level of
participation among the citizenry, the amount of information to
which citizens have access in reaching their judgments, and the
freedom that candidates have to express their views and that
citizens have to vote.
By all of those standards, the democracy in the United States scores
quite high. In terms of citizen rights and procedures American
democracy is exemplary, but a higher standard is needed. Voters
and candidates must be able to take advantage of these procedures
and thus exercise their rights in a way that impacts governmental
policy to conform with citizens’ expressed preferences.
In this book we examine the ways in which the electoral
institutions in the United States facilitate, often through voting,
the granting of the consent of the governed to those who govern.
We also look at when this process of generating citizens’ support
(and thus that consent) for government policy breaks down. Many
citizens who care passionately about policy—about the issues of
war and peace; economic prosperity; care for the poor, the ill, and
the elderly; equal treatment without regard to religion, race,
gender, sexual orientation, physical handicap; protection of the
environment; and so many others—are bored by the mechanics of
the electoral process. But those are the questions that enthrall me.
The rules by which elections are run often determine who will win
and, therefore, whose policy preferences will be heard. Thus,
2

understanding what may seem like procedural nuances is
necessary to understanding both electoral and policy outcomes.

A federal republic with separation of powers
The two deﬁning characteristics of American democracy are the
separation of powers (with constitutionally guaranteed checks and
balances) and federalism. While other nations share one or both of
these traits, the ways in which they function under the U.S.
Constitution are unique. One cannot understand the American
system without exploring their signiﬁcance for politics and
governance.
Separation of powers means that the executive, legislative, and
judicial powers are housed in separate institutions. If an individual
serves in the executive branch, he or she cannot serve in the
legislature or on a court. At the level of the national government,
two minor exceptions exist. The vice president of the United States
(an executive branch elected ofﬁcial) serves as president of the U.S.
Senate. His only functions are to preside over the Senate and to
cast votes in case of a tie. The chief justice of the United States
presides over the Senate in the rare circumstance when the Senate
is sitting as a court of impeachment for the president; this has
happened only twice in the nation’s history.
3

The context of American elections and political parties

As a starting point in our examination of American democracy, we
begin by discussing the aspects of the constitutional framework in
the United States that have relevance not only to the electoral
process but also key aspects of the electoral process itself. We will
look at how each of these basic aspects of American governing
contributes to or detracts from the ability of citizens to give consent
to the policies imposed by their government. Familiar concepts
such as separation of powers and a federal system help explain how
America uniquely solves the problem of democratic consent and
thus have important consequences that bear a revisiting.

American political parties and elections

In governments characterized by separation of powers, the chief
executive is elected separately from legislators. In the United States,
not only are these ofﬁcials chosen in separate elections but also their
terms of ofﬁce, as speciﬁed in the Constitution—a four-year term for
the president, two-year terms for members of the House of
Representatives, six-year terms of U.S. senators—also guarantee that
they are elected by different electorates. A system with separation of
powers is distinguished from a parliamentary system, such as
that of Great Britain, in which the prime minister is an elected
member of Parliament chosen as leader by his fellow legislators.
The United States is a federal republic in that the nation is made
up of distinct geographic subunits that have residual powers. The
powers of the government of the United States are speciﬁed and
limited in the Constitution; the Tenth Amendment to the
Constitution speciﬁes that ‘‘the powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are
reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.’’ These states
have their own elected governments, also characterized by
separation of powers. They differ from each other in ways that are
speciﬁed in their own state constitutions.
A federated system with separated governing powers means that
the ability of citizens to express their views through elections and
the interpretation of elections are both difﬁcult. Should citizens
vote to reelect a representative in Congress, of whose job they
approve, if they feel that the entire Congress is not performing
adequately? If a citizen feels that governmental policies are
leading the country in a wrong direction, but the president
and the Congress have been at loggerheads over policy direction,
how can citizens vote effectively to withhold their consent from
future policies? Against whom are they dissenting? The
president? The Congress? Or the failure of the two to agree?
In most elections in the American federal system, citizens vote for
state ofﬁcials and federal ofﬁcials at the same time. If citizens feel
4

that state government is not meeting their expectations because of
actions at the federal level, how do they express those views?
Because power is shared between the federal and the state
governments, and because no one branch of either government can
impose its will on the others, it is difﬁcult to translate even clearly
understood citizen preferences into subsequent policy. It is also
difﬁcult for citizens to cast blame when no one set of ofﬁcials is
fully responsible for policy outcomes.

The long ballot

Because the presidency is the largest prize in the system, the
quadrennial election of the president of the United States dominates
all other elections. As a result, citizens concentrate on the
presidential election and pay less attention to other elections ‘‘down
the ballot.’’ Some citizens vote only for those elections at the top and
leave other choices blank. This phenomenon is called falloff and
can amount to more than 25 percent on extremely long ballots.
Those running for less salient ofﬁces struggle to gain attention. One
campaign technique is to bask in the glory of those above you on the
ballot and hope that you can ride to ofﬁce on their coattails; in 2004
5

The context of American elections and political parties

First, Americans elect more than 500,000 public ofﬁcials, more
than is the case in any other democracy. We separately elect
executives, legislators, and in some cases judges (that varies from
state to state), at the federal, state, and local levels. We elect many
of them at the same time. For instance, on November 7, 2004,
citizens of Charlotte, North Carolina, cast their votes for president
and vice president, for U.S. senator, for representative in the U.S.
House of Representatives, for governor and lieutenant governor
and seven other statewide executive branch ofﬁcials, ﬁve state
judges and a number of local judges, for state senator, for state
representative, and for candidates for a variety of county or local
ofﬁces. The so-called long ballot evolved in the nineteenth century
as a way to extend democracy, but some claim that our system
might have produced too much of a good thing.

many Republican candidates, sensing that President Bush was
popular among their constituents, urged the president to visit their
districts so that they could be seen as part of his entourage. As a
consequence of the long ballot, it is difﬁcult to forge the connection
between votes cast for lower ofﬁces and citizens consenting to the
governing policies of those ofﬁcials. Rarely are the outcomes of
elections near the bottom of long ballots determined by candidates’
views and records; factors that should be less signiﬁcant according
to democratic theory—name recognition, ethnicity, geographic
proximity of the candidate’s home to the voter’s, and perhaps party
afﬁliation—are often critical.

American political parties and elections

. . . or not so long
The second consequence of a federal system with separation of
powers is that all ballots are not equally long; in fact, some might
be quite short. Because federal legislators’ terms differ in length
from that of the president, some legislators are elected at the same
time as the president, others are not. Because the ﬁfty states have
different governing structures and set their own rules, some state
governors and legislatures are elected at the same time as the
president, some are not; some are elected at the same time as the
Congress in nonpresidential years, others are elected separately.
Which ofﬁces are contested at the same time as other ofﬁces have
important consequences. Many states have changed their laws in
recent years, so that their statewide ofﬁces are not on the ballot in
presidential election years. One would hope that actions such as
those would make it easier for citizens to express their views of the
actions of those for whom they are voting. State issues, not national
issues, should dominate political discussion. But, except for in the
ﬁve states that hold elections in odd-numbered years, citizens elect
federal legislators in the same election as state ofﬁcials, even in
these elections.
Table 1.1 shows the possible electoral scenarios that might face the
electorate, with examples cited for each. Turnout in elections held
6

Table 1.1

Ofﬁce Contests at the Top of the Ballot
2004

2005

2006

2007

President/governor/
8
senator/representative New Hampshire

x

x

x

President/governor/
representative

3
West Virginia

x

x

x

26
Alabama

x

x

x

13
Maine

x

x

x

Governor/senator/
representative

x

x

22
New York

x

Governor/representative

x

x

16
Massachusetts

x

Governor/state ofﬁces

x

2
New Jersey

x

3
Kentucky

Senator/representative

x

x

9
Utah

x

Representative

x

x

3
Louisiana

x

President/senator/
representative
President/representative

* These numbers assume no additional vacancies in the Senate due to death or resignation.

in the off year, that is, the year in which a president is not being
chosen, is typically 75 percent of that in presidential election years.
Most attention is paid to the gubernatorial race when it is atop the
ballot. United States Senate and congressional races get most
7

American political parties and elections

attention only when no more visible ofﬁces are contested at the
same time. All state issues gain primacy when no federal elections
appear on the same ballot.
Table 1.1 could have been extended to include elections for local
ofﬁce, which in some communities are held separately from all
federal and state elections, so that the electorate pays attention to
the local issues. However, in those cases, while citizens face
shorter ballots, they are asked to go to the polls much more often,
with a consequent drop-off in turnout. Citizens in Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, where state elections are held separately from federal
elections, and local elections are held separately from state
elections, were asked to go to the polls eleven times in the 2003–4
biennium.
Citizens have the right to express their views, but because they are
asked to so often, many choose not to exercise the franchise. Thus,
frequent elections do not necessarily translate into citizens
expressing their consent effectively.
In addition, calculating politicians think carefully about the
implications of what ofﬁces are to be contested in a particular
election before deciding whether to run. For instance, it is easier
to raise money if running for U.S. senator if a gubernatorial
election is not held in your state in the same year, because
candidates for governor would siphon off some of the money
otherwise available. Such decisions have little relationship to
effective democracy.

Fixed terms with regular elections
An additional consequence of the constitutional provisions that
govern American elections, and which distinguish our system from
many others, is that the terms of all ofﬁces in the United States are
set and ﬁxed. Thus, no American government can fall because of
failure to respond to a crisis. The electorate does not have the
opportunity to express opinions until the expiration of a set term.
8

To use federal ofﬁces as an example, elections are held the ﬁrst
Tuesday after the ﬁrst Monday in November in even-numbered
years, no matter what else is happening in the world. The term of
the president is four years; if a president dies in ofﬁce (or resigns,
as was the case with President Nixon), a successor replaces him for
the remainder of his term, but no new election is held until the next
regularly scheduled date.

1. Harry S Truman takes the oath of ofﬁce as president of the United
States in the Cabinet Room of the White House, following the death of
President Roosevelt in April 1945.
9

The context of American elections and political parties

President Franklin D. Roosevelt was reelected in 1944; a campaign
was run despite the fact that we were engaged in World War II.
When he died in April, 1945, his little-known vice president, Harry
S Truman, succeeded him, leading the nation in the war effort and
postwar period without facing the electorate until November
1948. Congressmen serve ﬁxed two-year terms and U.S. senators,

American political parties and elections

six-year terms; if they die or resign, a successor ﬁlls the remaining
part of that term, but the regular cycle continues. American
governments cannot fall through votes of no conﬁdence; elections
cannot be timed to coincide with public opinion or world events.
The electoral system in the United States has a number of other
facets that are taken for granted by American citizens but also have
important implications for translating popular will into
governmental policy. Among these are electing the president
through the Electoral College, choosing representatives in
single-member districts that are deﬁned geographically, and
declaring those with a plurality of the votes cast as the election
winner, rather than requiring the support of a majority. Changing
any of these might seem undemocratic to many citizens, but in fact
each is but one means to the end of effective representation, each a
means with implications for democracy that few consider.

The Electoral College system
Americans—and the world—became acutely aware of the Electoral
College system for electing the president and vice president of the
United States in November 2000. For months following the
voting, in an election that seemingly would not end, courts debated
whether George W. Bush or Albert Gore would win Florida’s
twenty-ﬁve electoral votes. Despite the fact that Vice President
Gore won more popular votes than had then Governor Bush,
neither candidate had won enough electoral votes to garner the
needed majority without Florida’s twenty-ﬁve. The election was
not decided until the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that recounts
should cease and the Florida votes be awarded to George Bush,
thus determining that he would be the forty-third president.
If political observers became aware of the Electoral College, they
are certainly less knowledgeable about why it exists, how it works,
and most importantly what political implications follow from this
system. That is what is really important. Yet American democracy
10

is often deﬁned by and either defended or criticized for the way in
which the president is elected. It is essential to understand the
Electoral College in order to evaluate American democracy because
that feature of the election context determines how candidates
campaign, to which voters they appeal, and ultimately how
accurately citizen views are reﬂected in the result of the election.

Why an Electoral College?

But how was the president to be chosen? By the states? Not if the
views of the states with large populations were to be heard. By
popular vote? The ‘‘democrats’’ who wrote the Constitution were
not that democratic; few were willing to entrust such an important
decision to the masses. And even if one were to do so, what about
the slaves? The slaveholding states wanted their slaves to count for
population purposes—and the nefarious three-ﬁfths compromise,
counting each slave as three-ﬁfths of a person for the purpose of
representation—solved that problem. But although the slaves
counted to increase the slaveholding states’ representation in the
House, they were not to be allowed to vote. That was the farthest
thing from the minds of the founders from those states.
The Electoral College was the resultant compromise. The system
was a ﬁlter from pure democracy. Each state was to select a number
of electors equal to the number of congressmen plus the number of
11

The context of American elections and political parties

Put simply, the Electoral College was invented by the founders of
the nation in order to solve political problems that they faced.
Constitution writing is complicated business. The most important
compromise in drafting the Constitution of 1787 was the
so-called Connecticut Compromise that called for a House of
Representatives, apportioned by population, and a Senate, with
each state sending two senators. This compromise resolved the
conﬂict between those states with large populations and those with
small. Congressional representatives were to be popularly elected;
the states were to determine how their senators were chosen with
the norm at the time of adoption election by the state legislature.

American political parties and elections

senators (always two); this formula was a compromise between
large and small states. Each state was to determine for itself how
those electors were to be chosen, a concession to states’ rights and a
clear means of avoiding the necessity to answer the question
regarding the slaves. No elector could hold any other ofﬁce of trust
within the federal government; thus, worthy men without a
conﬂict of interest would be chosen. Each elector was to cast two
votes, one for an individual not from his state, an effort to avoid
state parochialism as the assumption was that only favorite sons
would receive votes without this provision. A majority would be
needed to elect a president, preventing domination by one or two
states. If no majority occurred, the House of Representatives would
choose from among the top three ﬁnishers, but each state would
have only one vote in this election, again compromising the
interest of small and large states. The runner-up would become
vice president, assuring that a respected man would be in line for
the presidency should anything happen to the president.
When looked at from the perspective of the founding generation
and the political problems they faced, the Electoral College can be
seen as an amazingly successful invention, one which guaranteed
the election of a respected leader without violating any of the
hard-fought compromises battled over as the Constitution was
drawn. That everyone involved in the process knew that George
Washington would be selected under this procedure—and that was
the desired result—clearly contributed to the adoption of the
procedure that in large part is still in place today. It is difﬁcult to
argue, however, that the Electoral College fostered democracy. It
was a compromise crafted by a political elite to guarantee a desired
result.

The Electoral College in the Contemporary Context
I am not aware of anyone who today would argue in favor of the
Electoral College as the ideal way to select the president.
Arguments are often raised against speciﬁc changes—in fact, these
arguments have prevailed in all recent attempts to scrap the
12

system—but no one is heard to proclaim, ‘‘Thank goodness the
founders gave us the Electoral College. It is the best system we
could have!’’ Merely saying that out loud demonstrates how
ludicrous it is.

The second major change has been the adoption by states of a
winner-take-all method of allocating the electors chosen within
that state. The Constitution leaves the method of choosing electors
to the states. By 1836, reﬂecting democratizing reforms, all states
held popular elections of electors in statewide, not district, voting.
Because of the power of political parties, this system led quite
naturally to winner-take-all elections for pragmatic reasons. If a
state were assured to be in one party’s column, then
winner-take-all made sense to the party in power; the candidate
that controlled the state would gain more by winning. Once
supporters of one party adopted this system in their states,
supporters of the other party had to follow suit in the states they
controlled or lose votes in the process. State parties ran slates of
candidates, with the number of potential electors on a slate equal
to the number that the state was allowed; supporters routinely
voted for all of the slate, guaranteeing the desired winner-take-all
result.
13

The context of American elections and political parties

But also few are aware of how the Electoral College actually
works—and therefore, of what changes could be made. The
functioning of the Electoral College has evolved since the
ratiﬁcation of the Constitution. The most fundamental change
followed the development of political parties as campaign
organizations (see chapter 2). As a result, the earliest candidates
ran as tickets with the understanding that one candidate was the
presidential candidate and the other, the vice presidential.
However, the Electoral College system did not allow for such
pairings and resulted in no candidate receiving a majority in 1800.
To rectify this problem, the Twelfth Amendment to the
Constitution, ratiﬁed in 1804, provided that electors vote
separately for president and vice president.

American political parties and elections

In a parallel manner, state legislators in closely divided states
realized that if the size of the prize were enhanced—all of the state’s
electoral votes as opposed to just the margin between those allotted
to the winner and those allotted to the loser under another
system—candidates would concentrate more on that state. Again,
when one such state went to a winner-take-all system, other states
were pressured to do the same.
Today, the winner-take-all aspect of the Electoral College system, the
most controversial part of the system, is used in forty-eight of the ﬁfty
states and in the District of Columbia. Each still is allotted a number
of electors equal to the number of representatives plus senators. The
citizens of the District of Columbia were given the right to vote for
president by the Twenty-third Amendment to the Constitution,
ratiﬁed in 1961, with the speciﬁcation that the District of Columbia
shall have the same number of electors as the least populous state
i.e., three. This allocation of electors means that citizens in the states
with smaller populations are slightly overrepresented, even though
the absolute number of electors in these states is low.
In all states except for Maine and Nebraska, the plurality winner of
the popular vote among the slates of electors pledged to the various
candidates receives all of the electoral votes for that state. In these
two states, the plurality winner in each congressional district
receives one vote, and the winner for the entire state receives the
other two. Since these systems were adopted by these two states’
legislatures, the same candidate has always won each district. As a
consequence, this variation from the normal voting procedure has
had no practical impact.
A majority of the Electoral College vote is needed to elect a
president and vice president. If no majority exists, the president is
elected by the House of Representatives from among the top three
ﬁnishers, with each state casting one vote and a majority of the
states’ votes needed to win. In that circumstance the vice president
is elected by the Senate.
14

The Signiﬁcance of the Electoral College System
That the Electoral College system for choosing the chief executive
is unique among democracies does not make it signiﬁcant. In
evaluating American democracy, however, the system by which the
president is chosen is noteworthy for a number of reasons.
.

Because of the two electoral votes given to each state beyond those
reﬂecting the state’s population, each citizen’s vote does not count
equally in presidential voting.

voters; Mainers had one vote for each 329,300 voters. California’s
total was 54 electoral votes, and Maine’s, 4.

.

Because of the winner-take-all nature of electoral voting,
candidates do not campaign frequently in states in which they are
assured either victory or defeat; as a consequence, some states and
their citizens see active campaigns for the presidency, while others
(including some of the largest) see virtually none.

In Iowa, in 2004 the Bush campaign advertising ran 50% above the
national average on a per capita basis; the Kerry campaign, 35%.
In Wisconsin the comparable numbers were 39% above average
for the Bush campaign, 46% for Kerry’s. By contrast, advertising in
California, Texas, and New York were all well below the national
average.

.

Because electoral votes are cast on a state-by-state basis and not
nationally, two candidates with virtually the same vote total might
receive signiﬁcantly different electoral vote counts; the system
beneﬁts candidates who are strong in one state or region and weak
nationally as opposed to those whose strength nationally is the
same but spread evenly among the states.
15

The context of American elections and political parties

Californians in 2004 had one electoral vote for each 664,700

In 1948 two minor party candidates, Strom Thurmond of the
States Rights Party and Henry Wallace of the Progressive Party,
each received approximately 2.4% of the vote. Thurmond
received 39 electoral votes because his votes were concentrated
in southern states. Wallace, whose votes were spread throughout
the nation, received none.

.

Because the margin of victory in a state does not alter that state’s
prize, that is, all of its electoral votes, it is possible that the

American political parties and elections

candidate who receives the most votes for president does not win
the election, as was the case with Al Gore in 2000.
In addition to President Bush, Rutherford B. Hayes (1876) and
Benjamin Harrison (1888) were elected to the presidency despite
receiving fewer votes than their opponents.

The system came under a great deal of criticism in 2000,
because of the closeness of the result and the fact that Bush was
a minority winner. Despite that criticism, however, momentum
was not found for a shift to any other system—the district plan
as used in Maine and Nebraska, a system of awarding the
electors within a state proportionately to the votes received, or,
most radically, direct election of the president. As a result, the
Electoral College system continues to have strategic implications
for running presidential campaigns (see chapter 5). Certainly,
if one believes that the person who receives the most votes
should win, the implications for democracy are evident.

Single-member, geographically deﬁned districts
with plurality-winner elections
When Hillary Rodham Clinton moved to New York to run for the
U.S. Senate in 2000, she was accused of being a carpetbagger, a
16

colorful term from the Reconstruction era, referring to Yankees
who moved to the South (rolling their belongings into a carpet) for
exploitative reasons, with no intention of staying. If Clinton
wanted to serve in the Senate, she had to reside in the state from
which she ran.

Single-member, geographically deﬁned districts
Americans assume that they will have ‘‘their’’ representative in the
legislature; that is, one member will be elected from their district to
represent them. While such a system is mandated by federal law
for the House of Representatives, multimember districts exist in
some states and in many local communities. Why is one system seen
as superior to the other? Does one lead to better representation?
The history of single-member districts in the United States is
instructive. Single-member districts were discussed at the 1787
Constitutional Convention. In one of his articles presenting the
case for ratiﬁcation of the new Constitution, published as
Federalist 56, James Madison argued that single-member districts
would ‘‘divide the largest state into ten or twelve districts and it will
be found that there will be no peculiar interests . . . which will not
be within the knowledge of the Representative of the district.’’
Essentially, local representatives would understand and therefore
could defend local interests.
17

The context of American elections and political parties

Representatives and U.S. senators must reside within the state
that sends them to the House or the Senate. But that is the only
constitutional requirement regarding residency. Nothing requires
that legislators live within the districts they represent, that only
one representative represent each district, nor that gaining a plurality
of the votes, that is, one more than the next highest vote getter, is
sufﬁcient for victory. Yet these norms have important consequences
for American politics—determining, in essence, who may run for a
seat in a legislature and who wins. Without these restrictions, it can be
argued, the electoral process could produce more accurate reﬂections
of citizen preferences, at least on a national level.

American political parties and elections

By the time the party system came into play, it became apparent
that single-member districts would allow for better representation
of partisan interests; while one party might dominate a state’s
politics, the other party might have strength in certain geographic
regions. Despite these arguments, six of the twenty-eight states
with more than one representative in the House were still using
at-large elections when Congress passed the Reapportionment Act
of 1842, mandating single-member districts. Four of those states
ignored the law, which some felt an unconstitutional infringement
on states’ rights, in the next election, with total impunity.
The Congress continued to pass reapportionment acts every
decade; most included requirements for single-member districts.
In 1929 the Congress passed a law that set up permanent means for
reapportionment; but three years later the Supreme Court, in
Wood v. Broom, 287 U.S. 1 (1932), ruled that any reapportionment
act could have effect only for the decennial reapportionment for
which it was enacted. Most states continued to use single-member
districts, but as late as the Kennedy years, more than twenty
members of Congress were elected from multimember districts.
In 1967 Congress passed, and President Lyndon Johnson signed,
a new law prohibiting states from electing representatives in
multimember districts, a practice that had been prevalent in the
past but was being used only by Hawaii and New Mexico at the
time of that legislation.
The impetus for the new law was the passage of the Voting Rights
Act of 1965, extending the franchise to more black citizens,
particularly in the South, and the fear that southern state
legislatures would revert to multimember districts as a means of
diluting black voting power. In addition, some members feared
that the courts would order at-large elections when state
legislatures had difﬁculty redistricting—and that such elections
might jeopardize their seats in Congress. The 1967 law remains in
effect today.
18

Redistricting laws were thus implemented as a means to improve
representation—to allow for representatives to know their
constituents in the early days, to permit party members who were
in a minority statewide but dominant in some regions to elect
representatives, to assure the inﬂuence of newly enfranchised black
voters. Do any of these reasons pertain today?
Twenty-ﬁrst-century congressional districts average nearly
700,000 residents. Whereas the founders’ vision was of
homogeneous populations in relatively small districts represented by
one of their own who knew their interests, many of today’s districts
have extremely diverse populations—in racial, ethnic,
socioeconomic, and religious terms—with heterogeneous views on
the issues of the day. In the early days of the Republic, geographic
districts were necessitated by the difﬁculty of traversing long
distances; today with air travel and electronic communication,
contact with constituents does not require close physical proximity.
19

The context of American elections and political parties

2. President Lyndon B. Johnson signs the Voting Rights Act of 1965
into law.

American political parties and elections

While single-member districts were designed to enhance effective
and fair representation of partisan interests, today those who draw
district lines often do so with the express purpose of restricting
competition and guaranteeing the desired partisan result. Partisan
gerrymandering, drawing lines for the express purpose of gaining
partisan advantage, has been challenged in lawsuits before the
Supreme Court, with petitioners claiming their rights of equal
representation have been violated. But the Court has not
prohibited such gerrymandering, thought by many to be
responsible for the lack of competition in congressional races, at
least in some of the more populous states.
The use of single-member districts to increase the inﬂuence of
black voters, deemed an important goal after the passage of the
Voting Rights Act four decades ago, is also called into question
today. Increased racial diversity in most districts, and the mobility
of our population that makes predicting district demographics
problematic, both raise the possibility that the means is no longer
an effective route to the end.
Yet the norm continues. Even citizens whose state representatives
or city councilors are elected in multimember districts cling to the
notion that their U.S. congressman should represent their local
geographic unit and protect their interests. Should the concept of
single-member, geographically deﬁned districts be reexamined?
Claims and evidence that this ‘‘pillar’’ of American democracy
might in fact be counterproductive toward achieving fair
representation, competitive elections, and ultimately improved
democracy, meet stiff resistance from a citizenry that sees this
relatively recently mandated provision of election law as somehow
fundamental to what American democracy entails.

Plurality election winners
Americans believe in majority rule. Except that for the most part
election winners are determined by a plurality of those voting, not
a majority. If true majority rule were the norm, the results of many
20

elections might be changed. It is worth questioning whether a
more effective representation would be the result.

Think about Dino Rossi. As the Republican candidate, he lost the
2004 gubernatorial election in Washington State to Democrat
Christine Gregoire by just over 100 votes out of 2.8 million votes
cast. Neither candidate had a majority. Libertarian candidate Ruth
Bennett, whose supporters might be presumed to have favored
Rossi over Gregoire, polled over 63,000 votes, only 2.3% but
enough to inﬂuence the result. If a majority had been required, a
runoff election might well have favored Rossi.

Again, changing from the current system of ‘‘ﬁrst-past-the-post’’
winners, that is, the person with the most votes (a plurality) wins,
whether that is a majority or not, strikes many Americans as
strange, despite its obvious undemocratic implications. Two
alternative systems (with variations) are often examined as ways
to alter the current practice.
In many southern states and in scattered locales throughout the rest
of the nation, runoff elections are held if a majority winner does not
emerge. (In a few areas of the nation runoffs are called for if a
21

The context of American elections and political parties

We have already noted that George W. Bush was elected with fewer
votes than his opponent Al Gore, despite the majority provision of
the Electoral College system. Nonmajority winners are common in
American elections, though losers among those who have won a
plurality and did not face a runoff are more rare. Despite the fact
that the American system is dominated by two parties, in every
election year a number of winners poll fewer than half of the
votes—and minor party or independent candidates receive enough
votes to hold the balance of power. This result is particularly true in
primary elections, elections held to determine a party’s nominees,
in which more than two candidates often vie for a party
nomination.

American political parties and elections

‘‘super-plurality’’ is not obtained, e.g., if the winner does not achieve
at least 40 percent of the vote in the ﬁrst election.) This practice is
more common for primary elections than for general elections; it
was put in place in part because the primary was the functional
equivalent of the general election in the South for many years when
the Democrats dominated southern politics. However, runoffs are
not without problems. Turnout is normally much lower in runoff
elections than in the ﬁrst-round election; intense ideological groups
tend to dominate, because they are better able to mobilize their
share of the electorate. Experience has also shown that minorities
fare poorly in runoff elections. And, of course, runoffs are expensive
for candidates to contest and for jurisdictions to administer.
More recently reformers have pushed for Instant Runoff Voting
(IRV). A variety of alternative means have been proposed to
implement a system such as this, but the basic concept is that, in
races with more than one candidate, citizens cast votes in which
they express their preferences for a ﬁrst choice, a second choice,
and so on. After the voting, if no majority is achieved, the candidate
with the least support is eliminated, his or her votes are reallocated
to the second-choice preference, and totals are recalculated. In
multicandidate ﬁelds, this procedure is repeated until a majority
winner is declared.
IRV has certain obvious democratic advantages. Spoiler candidates
no longer impact the result as they do in plurality elections; at the
same time, voters can show their preferences for minor party or
independent candidates without fear that such votes will aid the
candidate they favor least. Candidates do not have to raise vast sums
of money in short periods of time to contest runoffs. And most
importantly, majority will prevails. But others point to
disadvantages, notably that the procedure seems complicated,
especially to an electorate that is not terribly well informed as it is.
IRV is used in Ireland and a number of democracies. Recently IRV
was used in the city of San Francisco, with good results. A number
22

of states have given municipalities the power to implement such
a system should they so desire. To the general public, however, IRV
still seems strange. It will be a long time before this ‘‘fundamental
tenet’’ of American democracy, plurality winners, is replaced with a
system that more closely meets the democratic goal of majority rule
to which most Americans profess.

The two-party system

The American electoral system is frequently described as a
two-party system. But political parties are not mentioned at all in
the Constitution. No laws mandate that elections be contested by
the Democrats and the Republicans. Minor party candidates or
independent candidates run for many ofﬁces in each election cycle;
some of them even win, and many more have an impact on the
election’s outcome. But two parties do dominate American politics.
Of the 535 legislators in Congress in 2006, only Congressman
Bernie Sanders and Senator Jim Jeffords, both from Vermont,
were not either a Democrat or a Republican; all ﬁfty state
governors ran with either a ‘‘D’’ or an ‘‘R’’ next to their name; more
than 7,350 of the approximately 7,400 state legislators in the
forty-nine states that hold partisan elections for that ofﬁce are
either Democrats or Republicans. (Nebraska’s legislature is unique
in two ways. First, it has only one house, while all of the others have
two. Second, state legislators run without partisan afﬁliation on
the ballot. Nonpartisan elections are much more common at the
23

The context of American elections and political parties

After the 2000 elections, some Americans began to question the
efﬁcacy of the Electoral College system. Some questioned the
choice they were presented in that election. But few questioned the
aspects of the electoral process described above, and even fewer
called in question the system that has allowed the Democrats and
the Republicans to dominate politics for nearly 150 years. Yet the
fact that two—and only two—parties can compete effectively for
power in the United States has clear implications for the linkage
between citizens and their government.

municipal level, following the old adage that ‘‘there is neither a
Republican nor a Democratic way to clean the streets.’’)

American political parties and elections

The discussion of the electoral context above says a good deal about
why a two-party system has evolved in the United States. First, the
presidency is the big prize in the United States. It is either won or
lost. The winner-take-all nature of voting for the Electoral College
exacerbates this effect. A system characterized by separation of
powers, in which the chief executive is chosen by a series of
plurality-winner elections, does not allow for coalition governments
or electoral deal-making; therefore coalitions are formed before votes
are cast in order to achieve majority status and win the presidency.
Second, single-member districts with plurality winners for
legislative seats have much the same effect. Again, only one winner
emerges; votes for minor party candidates are viewed as wasted
votes or even counterproductive vote, if the least favored candidate
wins because of votes cast for someone with no chance of electoral
success. A system of multimember districts with proportional
representation would encourage additional parties, because they
could achieve some level of electoral success and might be able to
form coalitions with like-minded parties in the legislature, but
such a system has never existed in this country.
The two parties, while in ofﬁce, have passed additional measures
that go far toward ensuring their continued dominance. Most
prominent among these is the system of campaign ﬁnancing that
puts minor parties and their candidates at a signiﬁcant
disadvantage (see chapter 7). In a similar vein, the debates during
recent presidential campaigns have been administered by a
bipartisan, not a nonpartisan, commission. The commission,
co-chaired by former heads of the two major parties, has
adopted a series of rules regarding participation by minor party
candidates that candidates such as Green Party standard-bearer
Ralph Nader thought decidedly unfair. The situation has been
compared to the proverbial ‘‘fox guarding the chicken coop,’’
24

especially by those anxious for minor parties to have more of a
say in American politics.

At the same time, however, the continued existence of a two-party
system does not imply that the electoral system—particularly at the
state level—remains stagnant. The American party system is a
competitive two-party system nationally; that is, the Republicans
and the Democrats are the only competing parties that have a
chance to win elections, and the outcome of the election between
these two parties is in doubt.
But the nature of their competition has changed. For much
of the twentieth century, for example, the South was solidly
Democratic, a holdover from the Republicans being viewed as
the party of Lincoln that promulgated the Civil War and freed
the slaves. The Republican Party did not even exist in much of
the South until after the elections of 1964. Today, the
Republican Party dominates the South; the Democrats ﬁnd
their strengths in urban centers, particularly on the two
coasts and in the industrial Midwest.
25

The context of American elections and political parties

That the system favors two parties does not mean that all
Americans are satisﬁed with the result. In a number of recent
presidential elections (particularly those of 1992 and 2000) and
in some statewide elections (e.g., the Maine gubernatorial election
of 1994, in which Independent Angus King actually beat
a prominent Democrat and an up-and-coming Republican)
many citizens have expressed dissatisfaction with the choices
offered by the two major parties. But to say that there is
dissatisfaction is not the same as to say that the system is likely
to change. Whether one favors a two-party system or a
multiparty system, it is difﬁcult to argue against the proposition
that the current institutional context leads almost inevitably to
dominance by two parties. And that is different from at least
discussing the implications of a two-party system for
representation.

After the 1960 elections all 22 U.S. senators from these states and
99 of the 106 U.S. representatives were Democrats; after 2000,
13 of the 22 senators and 71 of the 125 representatives (the
number had increased as a result of population shifting to the

American political parties and elections

region) were Republicans.

While the two major parties contest for ofﬁces in all states,
tremendous variation exists, both between states and by region
within states. Illinois, for example, is competitive statewide, but
Chicago is dominated by the Democrats, and downstate by the
Republicans. New York is generally quite safe for the Democrats,
in normal circumstances, but competitive elections abound in
many of the rural areas. And these patterns clearly changed over
time and are responsive to the political issues of the day and to the
mobility of the population. Nuance is often lost in overgeneralizing
about any aspect of American politics.

Summary
Understanding the implications of the framework and rules under
which elections are run is critical to appreciating how well the
electoral system achieves the ultimate democratic goal—allowing
the citizens to express their consent to the ofﬁcials who govern them
and, by implication, to the policies implemented by those ofﬁcials.
The American creed is laid out in the Declaration of Independence,
which outlines the basic tenets of democracy, the ‘‘self evident
truths’’ upon which democracy in the United States is based and
which have been continuously professed since the founding. The
most basic truth is that ‘‘all men are created equal’’ and that they are
‘‘endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights.’’ The
purpose of the government is to secure those rights; and the power
of the government depends on the consent of the people.
How the people give that consent is determined by the electoral
process. And how the electoral process functions, how effectively it
26

27

The context of American elections and political parties

facilitates the people granting their consent to those who govern, is
determined by the institutional framework laid out in the
Constitution. The most important aspects of that framework are
the separation of powers, with a single executive separate from and
elected separately from the legislature, and the federal system with
residual powers left to the states. The initial means of choosing
leaders followed from these elements that were central to the
Constitution. The current political system—and the role played by
political parties in that system—evolved from those original
decisions. To understand the current system and to evaluate
American democracy in today’s world, it is necessary ﬁrst to look at
that evolution.

Chapter 2
A brief history of American
political parties

In Federalist 10, written in 1787 to convince the citizens of New York
to ratify the new federal Constitution, James Madison, credited
most often with proposing the principal outline of the Constitution,
warned his readers of the evils of factions, ‘‘adverse to the rights of
other citizens and to the permanent and aggregate interests of the
community.’’ In his Farewell Address to the nation, delivered on
leaving the presidency, George Washington, warned ‘‘in the most
solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party.’’
Yet it was Madison who urged Thomas Jefferson to join in
organizing against the policies of Alexander Hamilton,
Washington’s secretary of the treasury, the reputed author of
the Farewell Address. How ironic that these founders of the
nation who feared factions, who argued against political parties,
became the leaders of the ﬁrst parties. The Jeffersonian DemocraticRepublicans were really the ﬁrst modern political party.
The institution that the founders feared had not really been
developed at the time of their warnings. But parties—and a
two-party system—did develop early in American history and
have persisted since. In the ﬁrst chapter we explored some of the
institutional reasons why the United States has a two-party system;
in this chapter we will look at historical reasons and the development
of the institution of party.
28

The ﬁrst American political parties
Madison and Jefferson joined together to organize a political party
not because they sought power for themselves but because they
believed that Hamilton was leading the country in the wrong
direction. Hamilton’s economic policies favored the mercantile
interests of New England; Madison and Jefferson viewed the
nation as rural, exempliﬁed by those on Virginia plantations and
the farmers on the western frontier. Each camp felt that it deﬁned
the public good.
And therein was the debate.1 The parties that they formed were
the parties of eighteenth-century Anglo-Irish philosopher-politician
Edmund Burke (‘‘a body of men united, for promoting by their
joint endeavors the national interest’’). The founding generation,
29

A brief history of American political parties

3. John Adams, Gouverneur Morris, Alexander Hamilton,
and Thomas Jefferson, political leaders of the early American
republic, were among the founders of the nation’s ﬁrst political
parties.

American political parties and elections

as theorists, feared factions and the division in the nation
that factions implied. The founding generation, later as those
attempting to govern, found that parties were necessary to
form the coalitions required to further their views of the
common good.
Alexander Hamilton believed that a strong central government
was necessary for the new nation to survive, both economically and
geopolitically. As treasury secretary in the nation’s ﬁrst years, he
had the ear of President Washington, particularly on the critical
issues of fully funding the debt incurred during the Revolutionary
War and the federal government’s assuming the debts that the
various states incurred. John Adams, Washington’s vice president
and eventual successor, agreed with many of Hamilton’s views,
even though he despised him personally. Thomas Jefferson,
Washington’s secretary of state, strongly opposed Hamilton’s
program but remained in the cabinet out of loyalty to Washington.
In Congress, however, the division between followers of Hamilton’s
ideas and those of Jefferson’s concept of a more rural, statecentered nation became apparent. The partisan divide grew out of
philosophical differences concerning the direction the nation
should take.
The dichotomy between the party of Washington, Adams, and
Hamilton, known as the Federalists, and the party of Jefferson
and Madison, the Democratic-Republicans, became permanent
during the debate over adoption of the pro-British Jay Treaty.
Jefferson, a Francophile, opposed it. He resigned his cabinet
post and returned to Monticello, his Virginia home.
But not for long.
Washington announced that he would not seek a third term in
1796. John Adams, as vice president, sought to succeed him, intent
on following through with Hamilton’s program, without the
presence of Hamilton himself. Congressional opponents of
Hamilton’s views organized a campaign for Jefferson by writing to
30

the constituents for support. Adams narrowly beat Jefferson in
the election, by three electoral votes; Jefferson conceded to
Adams and agreed to serve as his vice president, as speciﬁed by
the electoral process at that point, an important step in nation
building as he acknowledged the legitimacy of the electoral
system. This party system was policy-center and formed at the
seat of the national government, spreading to the far reaches
of the nation.2

The contributions of these early years to nation building are truly
astounding, and the parties, reviled by the founders before they
came to power, played a major role. First, a popular president, who
could easily have been reelected as long as he wanted, voluntarily
relinquished power in 1796. Then, after the election to succeed
him, a candidate who opposed the policies of the president and was
narrowly defeated agreed to serve as vice president, because that
was the constitutional stipulation in place at the time. Third, a
party system formed through which national leaders were able to
take their policy differences to the electorate, for the voters to
decide. Of course, the electorate was miniscule in those days—and
restricted to white males and in many states property owners.
31

A brief history of American political parties

Adams proved to be an unpopular leader, and Jefferson opposed
him again in 1800. The party system was mature enough by that
time that all of the electors favoring Jefferson also cast their
second vote for his choice of running mate, Aaron Burr—and they
tied for the presidency, each polling eight more electoral votes
than Adams. Under the constitutional provisions in place then,
because no candidate had received a majority of the electoral votes
the election was thrown into the Federalist-controlled House of
Representatives to decide among the top three ﬁnishers, and the
country was in a crisis, rife with rumors of clandestine deals to keep
the presidency from Jefferson. Jefferson was eventually elected,
after thirty-ﬁve inconclusive ballots in the House. Because the
winner of the election was not denied his prize, the legitimacy of
the electoral process was established.3

American political parties and elections

4. The heated political rivalry between Aaron Burr and Alexander
Hamilton ended in a duel at Weehawken, New Jersey, on July 11, 1804.

Fourth, in 1800 the incumbent president lost the election and
eventually conceded, though it would have been possible for him to
stay in power through manipulating the House of Representatives.
When Adams voluntarily turned over the power of the presidency to
Jefferson, the legitimacy of the new nation’s political system was
assured; and the role that parties were to play in that system
demonstrated a primacy without precedent.
Soon after the election of 1800, the Federalists became little more
than a New England sectional party. Their policies were too
conservative to appeal to the nation, and their leaders made little
effort to compromise in order to gain popularity. Anglophiles to
the end, they opposed Congress’s declaration of war against Britain
32

in 1812. By 1820 the Democratic-Republicans were without major
challengers.4

The development of modern parties
The development of modern political parties over the last 200
years can be viewed from different analytical frameworks. Each
adds to our understanding of the role that party plays in American
politics today.

Parties as a reﬂection of policy divisions among
the electorate
The ideological and policy split between the Federalists and the
Democratic-Republicans deﬁned partisanship during the early
years of the American republic. When the Federalists disappeared
as a threat to win a national election, that division also
disappeared. During the ‘‘era of good feelings’’ following the
demise of the Federalists, electoral competition was found within
the Democratic-Republicans.
33

A brief history of American political parties

The ﬁrst party period in American history ended with the
disappearance of the Federalists. Today Americans would be
amazed if a major party were to vanish, but remember, these
were fragile and immature parties. Citizens had not had time to
develop loyalty to a party as an institution—their loyalty was to
the leaders. The political elite were not divided on every issue. It
was Jefferson, in his ﬁrst inaugural address, who said, ‘‘Every
difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. . . . We are
all Republicans, we are all Federalists.’’ Legislators’ loyalties were
more to region than to party. Jefferson as president used to hold
carefully orchestrated dinner parties in order to cajole
congressmen to support his views. When Federalist leaders failed
to respond to popular dissatisfaction with their views, there was
no ingrained party organization to uphold the party. The leaders
retired back to their homes, and the party disappeared.

American political parties and elections

All four candidates who ran in the election of 1824—John Quincy
Adams, Henry Clay, William J. Crawford, and Andrew Jackson—
were Democratic-Republicans; the party did not choose one
nominee. The story of that election is a fascinating one, too
complex to relate here. Sufﬁce it to say that Andrew Jackson won
the most popular votes and the most electoral votes in the election,
but he did not receive a majority of the electoral votes, so the
election was thrown to the House of Representatives.5 There,
Speaker of the House Henry Clay, who had ﬁnished fourth in the
Electoral College voting and thus had been eliminated, threw his
support to John Quincy Adams, who was elected as the sixth
president. Adams then named Clay as his secretary of state, raising
claims from the Jackson camp of a corrupt bargain.
Party labels and loyalties remained volatile during this period. In
1828, Jackson, running as a Democratic-Republican, challenged
President Adams, the candidate of the National Republicans, and
easily defeated him. The election was based on personality more
than issues. And with victory, the Jackson party, soon to be known
simply as the Democrats, garnered the spoils of victory, claiming
all government patronage jobs for their own, throwing out
supporters of Adams.
However, the burning issue of slavery, as exempliﬁed by the
Missouri Compromise, was emerging beneath this politics of
personality and patronage. Party politics in this era can be
understood by how the political elite responded to the slavery
question. The Whig party replaced the National Republicans as the
main opposition to the Democrats from 1836 through 1852, but
both parties equivocated on the issue of slavery. Third parties, ﬁrst
the Liberty party and then the Free-Soil party, emerged as
alternatives to the major parties, facing up to the most important
issue of the day. In 1854 the Republican party was formed as a
major alternative to the Democrats, confronting them on the issue
of slavery. By 1856 the Whigs had all but disappeared, with former
president Millard Fillmore receiving only eight electoral votes as
34

their standard-bearer, losing to Democrat James Buchanan and
the ﬁrst Republican candidate for president, James C. Fremont. In
1860 Abraham Lincoln won the presidency as a Republican,
defeating a Democratic party that was split between its northern
and southern camps.

Missouri Compromise
The nation—and thus the Senate—was divided equally between
free states and slave states, with the abolition movement starting
to gain momentum in the North. When the Missouri Territory
applied for statehood, northerners ﬁrst insisted on a clause barring
in the Senate in a debate that foreshadowed the bitterness that
was to characterize the debate on slavery for decades to come.
The Missouri Compromise of 1820 ended the nation’s ﬁrst crisis
on the slavery issue, admitting Maine as a free state at the same
time that Missouri was admitted with slaves, but the issue of
slavery dominated politics for the next four decades.

The Democrats and the Republicans have dominated American
electoral politics as the two major parties since that time. No other
party’s candidate has won the presidency; no other party’s
followers have gained majority status in Congress. But that is not to
say that party politics has remained dormant for 150 years. The
issues that have divided the parties and the compositions of their
electoral coalitions have changed again and again.
For decades after the Civil War, and particularly after the end of
Reconstruction in 1876, when the Democrats made serious inroads
into the South because of lingering resentment toward the party of
Lincoln, national partisan battles were closely fought. In a time of
rapid industrialization in the nation, the leaders of industry
dominated both parties. They backed candidates, many of them
generals from the Civil War, who would support their programs of
economic advancement. Immigrants ﬂooded the nation’s shores and
35

A brief history of American political parties

the importation of slaves to the new state. This clause was rejected

American political parties and elections

supported the party that was in power in the urban centers to which
they moved, because that party, tied to the area’s industrialists,
would guarantee jobs and security. As the nation grew into an
industrial power, policy debates took a backseat to power politics.
A series of seemingly unrelated events prevented the Republicans
from total domination during this period. First, scandals and an
economic depression rocked the administration of Ulysses S. Grant
(1869–77), held down Republican support, and helped Democratic
candidates in 1876 and 1880. A decline in agricultural production in
1884 and a depression in the early 1890s contributed to Democrat
Grover Cleveland’s two nonsuccessive elections in 1884 and 1892.
And dissatisfaction by Midwest farmers, evident throughout the
1880s, and later by farmers in the South and the West, gave the
Democrats an issue on which to stand. The Populists, carrying
the banner of agricultural America as a third party, played much
the same role as had the abolitionists half a century earlier.
The election of 1896 stands as a clear dividing point. The
Democrats had suffered huge losses in the midterm election of
1894, as a reaction to the depression of 1893 during Cleveland’s
second term. The standard-bearer for the Democrats, the
charismatic William Jennings Bryan, attacked big business and
took up the cause of rural America, calling for easier credit
and adoption of a silver standard. No one would deny the power
of Bryan’s rhetoric, but he deﬁned for his party a losing
coalition.
The great cities rest upon our broad and fertile prairies. Burn
down your cities and leave our farms, and your cities will spring
up again as if by magic; but destroy our farms and the grass will
grow in the streets of every city in the country. . . . You shall not
crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.
William Jennings Bryan’s ‘‘Cross of Gold’’ speech
Democratic National Convention, July 1896

36

The 1896 election realigned the electorate.6 The Republicans
became the party of the cities, of workers and industrialists; the
Democrats remained dominant in the South and border states,
but still a minority party. The only two presidential elections that
the Republicans lost over the next nine were those won by
Woodrow Wilson, in 1912 because the Republican party was split
by the third party candidacy of former president, Theodore
Roosevelt, and in 1916 when Wilson barely won reelection.
Republican control of Congress followed the pattern of
presidential voting, as few in the electorate split their tickets at
this time.

Roosevelt’s advisors followed Keynesian economic doctrine and
advocated policies that emphasized government intervention in
the economy and deﬁcit spending to stimulate economic growth—
a New Deal for America. The government became the employer of
last resort, the provider for those who were without the necessities
of life, the benevolent force in the lives of those in need.
Economists can debate whether Roosevelt’s policies pulled the
nation out of the Depression—or whether the economic stimulus
necessitated by the lead up to World War II had that effect—but
none can deny that the public perception of his policies changed
electoral politics for decades to come.
37

A brief history of American political parties

The electoral coalitions that remained stable through the ﬁrst
quarter of the twentieth century were shattered by the Great
Depression of 1929 and the two parties’ responses to that crisis.
Once again, the party labels remained the same, the Democrats
and the Republicans, but former Republicans became ardent
Democrats and those who had felt equally strongly about the
Democratic party switched to become Republicans. Republican
Herbert Hoover, president during the onset of the Depression,
argued for staying the course. His Democratic challenger in
1932, New York governor Franklin Delano Roosevelt, argued for
change during the campaign and chose a different course once
in ofﬁce.

American political parties and elections

The Democrats maintained their dominance in the South largely
for cultural reasons from the Civil War. But Roosevelt’s New
Deal coalition added the support of labor union members and
of small farmers, of minorities and of ethnic Americans, of the
poor and of those ﬁghting for equal rights. The Republicans
became the party of big business and of the afﬂuent. Roosevelt
led the nation into World War II, and he gained popularity as
the wartime leader. He broke the precedent set by George
Washington that presidents should serve only two terms, winning
a third term in 1940 and a fourth in 1944, before dying in ofﬁce
in April 1945.7 The Democrats controlled the Congress during
his tenure in ofﬁce and, with one minor exception, maintained
that control into the last decade of the century.
The New Deal coalition dominated American politics into the 1960s;
one cataclysmic event did not shatter it, but rather it was broken
gradually as different issues confronted the electorate and citizens’
memories of the events that led to their party loyalties or to their
parents’ loyalties dimmed. In the 1960s Republican presidential
candidate Barry Goldwater made the ﬁrst inroads into Democratic
dominance in the South. Richard Nixon followed a southern strategy
of appealing to voters whose loyalty to the Democratic party was
based more on tradition than on policy preferences. Since that time,
the South has moved more and more toward the Republicans, not
only for presidential elections but also for state and local ofﬁces.
The Vietnam War also brought traditional party loyalties into
question. Much of the opposition to that war came from
Democrats; many traditional blue-collar Democrats felt that
opposing a war while troops were in harm’s way was unpatriotic;
they moved to the Republican party in protest. Others left the
Democrats because they felt the party had become isolationist, not
willing to stand up to the rest of the world.
On domestic issues the Democrats came to be associated with what
some viewed as extreme social positions. During the 1972
38

presidential campaign, the Democrats were dubbed the
party of ‘‘amnesty [for draft evaders], acid, and abortion.’’
The allegiance of more socially conservative Democrats was
tested. The presidency of Ronald Reagan stretched
traditional loyalties further. Reagan was a charismatic leader
with a clearly stated philosophy. He favored a strong defense and
lower taxes, cutting welfare programs and supporting traditional
social values. Leaders of more conservative, but traditionally
Democratic unions joined his supporters. Reagan Democrats,
traditional Democrats who voted for President Reagan and
the Republicans in the 1980s, were an important part of his
winning coalition.
A brief history of American political parties

5. Ronald Reagan accepts the presidential nomination at the
Republican National Convention in Dallas, Texas, on August
23, 1984. Describing a partisan view of the differences between
the Republicans and Democrats, he said, ‘‘The choices this
year are . . . between two fundamentally different ways of
governing—their government of pessimism, fear, and limits, or
ours of hope, conﬁdence, and growth.’’
39

American political parties and elections

As the twentieth century drew to a close, the rise of conservative
Christians as a political force further complicated analysis of
political coalitions. Many conservative Christians who should have
favored the Democrats for economic reasons voted Republican.
Partisan politics became increasingly bitter, with compromise
positions to solve pressing national problems difﬁcult to forge.
The partisan balance, as exempliﬁed by the closeness of the
Bush-Gore presidential election in 2000 and the party divisions
in each house of Congress, is precarious. It is clear where the two
parties stand on some of the issues. However, more policy issues
seem to overlap. Social issues divide the electorate in one way;
economic issues, in another; international issues, in perhaps a
third. Which party citizens decide to support depends on which
issue is most important to them, or which issue is articulated in a
way that appeals to more voters. Politicians, seeing this, emphasize
extreme positions on wedge issues that further divide the country.
From this review it is clear that at various times in American history
the division between the parties has directly reﬂected a policy divide
in the nation; at other times this correlation has been less clear. As
the national government has become involved in more areas of
citizens’ lives, and as those lives themselves have become increasingly
complex and more involved in a global community, the extent to
which partisan differences can reﬂect the often subtle and internally
conﬂicted citizens’ views on the issues becomes more difﬁcult.
In the early years, the parties were instruments of political leaders
seeking a following in the country. But they evolved into
institutions that play a major role in the electoral process, without
which American politics is unimaginable. Another important part
of party history, then, is a story of institutional development.

American political parties as institutions
The development of parties as institutions begins in earnest with
the democratizing reforms of the Jacksonian period (1829–37).
Popular participation in the electoral process was the centerpiece
40

As a result political parties began to organize at the local level
in order to ﬁll ballot slots, to support candidates, and to get out
the vote. By the 1840s both parties had complex, decentralized
organizations. In 1848 the Democrats formed a national
committee (and the Republicans followed suit less than a decade
later); the national committees, however, were clearly less
powerful than their state and local counterparts. Nonetheless, by
mid-century formal organizations from the local to the national
level were in place in both major political parties, and they have
remained so since.
As the franchise spread to a larger portion of the citizenry,
the parties adopted campaign techniques to reach the voters.
Candidates were often old generals who recalled their military
exploits with catchy slogans—Jackson himself, the hero of the
Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812, was ‘‘Old Hickory’’;
‘‘Tippecanoe and Tyler Too’’ were William Henry Harrison, the
victor of the Battle of Tippecanoe against a group of American
Indians, and his running mate John Tyler; ‘‘Old Rough
and Ready’’ was war hero Zachary Taylor, elected president
in 1848.
41

A brief history of American political parties

of Jacksonian democracy, drawing the lesson from John Quincy
Adams’s winning the White House after losing the popular vote.
Rejecting the old method of nomination by congressional caucus,
caricatured as King Caucus, prior to the 1832 election, parties
began to hold conventions, with delegates coming from around the
nation to select presidential candidates. By the 1830s the norm was
for states to choose presidential electors by popular elections, not
by balloting within the state legislature. In order to connect
representatives in Washington to their constituents, states moved
to district, rather than at-large, elections of U.S. representatives,
a practice written into law in the Census Act of 1840. Governors,
who had often been selected by state legislatures in the early days,
came to be popularly elected, and citizens were asked to vote on
many state and local ofﬁcials.

American political parties and elections

Politicians learned to use inﬂammatory rhetoric to excite the
voters; parties ran torchlight parades to stoke the competitive ﬁres
of their followers. Getting out the vote meant getting the common
man to the polls, and then, as now, the average voter was not
stirred by philosophical debates; the spoils system, with the spoils
in terms of postelection employment going to supporters of the
winning candidate, and the excitement of campaign events were
the stuff of politics at mid-century.
The latter half of the nineteenth century is known as the ‘‘gilded
age of parties.’’ Party competition was incredibly intense. As a
result parties put a premium on organizing to get their supporters
to the polls, particularly in marginal districts; they had to be
disciplined, organized, and energetic.
Party machines, structured hierarchies, dominated by political
bosses, with workers organized down to the most local level, the
voting precinct, came into existence during this period. Party
workers and voters loyalty to the machine was cemented by
material incentives, tangible rewards that were given when
elections were won and, by implication, would be removed if
the elections were lost. Party workers often held lucrative
patronage jobs—and they worked hard for the machine to keep
those jobs. An important part of their task was to recruit new
loyalists, and new immigrants were tempting targets. The party
in power provided new citizens with all forms of aid—jobs, lodging,
the extra treats at Thanksgiving and Christmas, and, perhaps most
important to new arrivals, socialization into their new community.
In return, the machine received votes—and loyalty.
The party machines that dominated urban areas at the end of
the nineteenth century were parties of patronage, not principle.
Their job was to win elections; they recruited candidates for local
ofﬁce, but they cared more about the jobs those ofﬁcials could
hand out than the policies they passed. Most patronage jobs were
controlled by local or county government.
42

At the state level, party machines, particularly Republican party
machines, were run differently. In those cases the fuel was money,
provided by business interests, more than jobs and aid for new
voters. State machines were often run by U.S. senators, because
at this time U.S. senators were chosen by state legislatures. The
business interest supported the boss, who was elected by the
state legislature and went to Washington to protect the interests
of those who supported his organization. The fuel that ran the
machine was different, but the material nature of the incentives
for loyalty was the same.

Party machines reached their peak at the turn of the century. Their
decline began with reforms of the early twentieth century and
proceeded, at different paces in different areas but inevitably,
from then on. The invention and then spread of the direct
primary election took control of nominations out of the hands of
party leaders. The civil service system removed many patronage
jobs from party control. The Seventeenth Amendment to
the U.S. Constitution, passed in 1913, required direct election
of U.S. senators, taking one of the last powers away from state
party machines. Welfare reforms passed as part of the New
Deal in response to the Great Depression meant that the
federal government, not the parties, were the source of aid for
needy citizens—and loyalty was transferred accordingly. While
vestiges of party machines could be found in certain urban
centers well past mid-century, Mayor Richard J. Daley’s Cook
County machine in Chicago standing as a prime example, those
last dominating party organizations were the exception, not
the rule.
43

A brief history of American political parties

One important mechanism of party control was control over the
nominating process. Party bosses decided who the nominees
would be. They then printed and distributed the ballots, so that
they controlled the fate of those nominees. The workings of the
parties were out of sight and well beyond the control of the average
citizen.

American political parties and elections

6. President Lyndon Johnson pays homage to Chicago’s longtime
political boss, Mayor Richard Daley.

Parties, however, did not disappear. If parties as campaign
organizations were on the wane, parties as a means to organize the
government and as a symbol to which citizens showed loyalty
remained strong.8 In the early twentieth century both parties,
in both houses of Congress, began to elect formal leaders, whether
the party held majority or minority status. Party members in
legislatures were expected to follow their leaders. The party of the
president was expected to support that president’s legislative
program. Newly elected presidents routinely chose members of
their own party to ﬁll cabinet and subcabinet jobs.
Voters might have lost material incentives to support one party
or the other, but their loyalty remained. The partisan division
during the New Deal was extremely deep. President Roosevelt
was viewed as a savior by Democrats; he was viewed as a demon
by Republicans. Voter loyalty to party transcended issue
and, except for in the case of charismatic leaders like General
Dwight D. Eisenhower, when he ran for president in 1952,
44

personality. Party organizations remained in existence, but their
power was gone.9
However, to paraphrase Mark Twain, rumors of the death of
political parties have been greatly exaggerated. Not only has the
two-party system not died, but the Democratic and Republican
parties persist and continue to dominate. Unlike in the early
eighteenth century, when the Federalists disappeared and
two-party competition ended for a while, that did not happen in
the mid-twentieth century because each party now exists as an
organization, and organizations adapt to maintain their existence;
they do not fold up their tents and sulk away.

45

A brief history of American political parties

The adaptation by political parties involved responding to a
situation in which the campaign tools they used were no longer
as relevant, in which loyalty was not to the organization per se,
in which ticket-splitting, voting for Democrats for some ofﬁces
and Republicans for others, became routine, and in which
candidates ran campaigns on their own, not in lockstep alliance
with other members of their parties. Put simply, parties adapted
to a new situation by taking on a role that candidates needed
to have ﬁlled. For new campaign technologies—ﬁrst radio, then
television, then ever more sophisticated use of computers for
polling and direct voter contact—money was needed. Parties
took on the role of raising money for candidates. They did
this at the national level, through the national committees and
the four separate committees charged with overseeing
congressional and senatorial campaigns, to so-called Hill
committees (the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee,
the National Republican Congressional Committee, and the
National Republican Senatorial Committee); they passed
money from the national level down to the state levels; they
provided services, such as polling and opposition research,
for candidates who could not afford to do so. They served as
a go-between, easing contact for candidates in their party with

American political parties and elections

representatives of interest groups likely to support them. The
parties have essentially become service organizations for their
candidates for ofﬁce; but in that role they play a very important
part of national campaigns.
The political historian Joel Silbey divides the history of American
parties into four eras, according to how central the role of
parties has been to American life. The early period, up to the
Jackson presidency, is described as a preparty period. The
period from then through the gilded age of parties is called
the party period. The period in which party’s role is seen to be
declining is a postparty period; the current era he characterizes
as a nonparty period. Perhaps that is so, in terms of the centrality
of party to American life, but parties—particularly as campaign
organizations and as means to organize the government—remain
vibrant and active today. They do not play the role they once did,
but they have adapted and found a new role. If one does not
understand that role, one cannot understand modern American
elections.

The system in which American political
parties function
To this point we have discussed how the American parties
have reﬂected policy divisions within the electorate, and the
development and adaptation of parties as political institutions.
But institutions exist—and policy is developed—within a
broader political system. Changes in that system lead inevitably
to changes in the functioning of institutions and just as
inevitably to alterations in the policy arena. We will brieﬂy
consider three areas in which important changes have taken
place—the electorate, what ofﬁces are contested under what
rules, and what techniques are used to contest elections—looking
in each case at the implications for political parties and the
electoral process.
46

Expansion of the electorate
At the time of the founding, in most states voting was the exclusive
prerogative of white, male property owners. Today, universal
suffrage is the rule, with debate over how to raise turnout, to
convince those eligible to vote to exercise the franchise. The history
of expansion of the electorate has progressed in four phases.

Next came the extension of suffrage to blacks, a process that took
more than a century to complete. After the Civil War, the Fifteenth
Amendment, ratiﬁed in 1870, stated that no citizen could be
denied the right to vote based on ‘‘race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.’’ However, legislatures in former slaveholding states
adopted ingenious means of keeping the newly enfranchised
former slaves from voting. The so-called Jim Crow laws included
literacy tests, tests on interpreting the Constitution, ‘‘whites only’’
primaries (that deﬁned the parties as private associations open
only to whites), residency requirements, and poll taxes. Southern
communities often placed voting booths far from areas in which
former slaves resided and opened them only for limited hours.
These legal restrictions were supplemented with illegal means—
intimidation and physical abuse. The result was that in 1960, fewer
than 15 percent of the African American citizens living in Alabama,
Mississippi, and South Carolina were registered to vote; only about
30 percent of the African Americans living throughout the South
were registered in that year. The Voting Rights Act of 1965
addressed the inequality of political rights that resulted from these
47

A brief history of American political parties

The ﬁrst step was removal of the property-owning requirement, which
was eliminated on a state-by-state basis, usually to be replaced with
a requirement that voters be taxpayers. The taxpayer requirement
persisted, in the form of a poll tax, a tax levied as a citizen exercised
the right to vote, until it too was eliminated—for federal ofﬁces by
the Twenty-fourth Amendment to the Constitution (ratiﬁed in 1964)
and for all elections by the Supreme Court in the case of Harper
v. Virginia State Board of Elections 383 U.S. 663 (1966).

American political parties and elections

practices. That act speciﬁed that the determination that less than
50 percent of a racial minority was registered to vote in any county
constituted prima facie evidence of discrimination, and federal
registrars would replace local ofﬁcials the guarantee that racial
minorities were given equal treatment with regard to voting.
The Voting Rights Act was one of the most important products
of the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s. By the decade’s end,
the percentage of African Americans registered to vote had more
than doubled throughout the region and had grown more than
fourfold in the states with the lowest percentage registered
earlier. While African American voting turnout still trails
the national average, the most signiﬁcant legal barriers to voting
have been removed.
The third stage in the expansion of the franchise was extending
the vote to women. The epic battles waged by women suffragists, from
the Seneca Falls convention issuing its Declaration of Sentiments
regarding woman rights in 1848 through ratiﬁcation of the

7. A woman suffrage procession makes its way through the streets
of Washington, DC, on March 3, 1913. The expansion of the franchise
had the potential to double the size of the electorate.
48

Woman Suffrage Amendment to the Constitution, the Nineteenth
Amendment ratiﬁed in 1920, rightly deserve the volumes dedicated
to them. Fighting simultaneously on a state-by-state basis and on
the national stage, the suffragists sought to gain an equal share of
power, not just from those holding it but from those with whom
they shared a home and bed. That they succeed is testament to the
strength and skill of their leaders, to their perseverance, and to the
triumph of people of principle over people of power.

Extension of the vote to African Americans was a statement of
principle in the ﬁrst place, but, the theoretical right to vote was
converted into actual voting power in the 1960s. Especially in the

Strom Thurmond
Nowhere was the need for new political strategies clearer than in
the career of Strom Thurmond of South Carolina. Thurmond made
his career in South Carolina as a race-baiter, as a segregationist
politician who stood up for the way of life that some southerners
yearned for. In 1948 he ran for president as a States’ Rights
candidate, opposing the liberal views of his Democratic party’s
incumbent, Harry S Truman. By the 1980s, however, Thurmond,
who had converted to the Republican party in the 1960s, because
Lyndon Johnson was too strong on civil rights, had an African
American receptionist in his Senate ofﬁce. No longer could those in
power in the South ignore their African American constituents.10

49

A brief history of American political parties

These three stages of expansion of the electorate all made
signiﬁcant difference in the electoral process in the United States.
In the early days of the republic, only about one in thirty could
vote; politics was an avocation of the elite. There was little need to
consider the views of the average man. But extending the franchise
to all taxpayers fundamentally changed the game; as the players
changed, those seeking election had to adopt new strategies or, as
in the case of the Federalists, disappear.

American political parties and elections

South, large segments of the population whose views and desires
had been safely ignored by elected politicians, because the
politicians knew that African Americans did not vote, now became
relevant.
When women received the right to vote, on a state-by-state basis
near the end of the nineteenth century and nationally in 1920, the
eligible electorate doubled. Those in power—party leaders, union
leaders, the liquor industry, the Catholic Church, business
leaders—all opposed women voting, because they feared that
policies on which their power depended would be reversed
overnight. That did not happen, but the nature of politics did
change, with parties adopting platform planks appealing to women
and adapting campaign techniques and strategies accordingly.
At various times in the twentieth century women came together on
issues of special concern to them; at times they voted signiﬁcantly
differently from their male counterparts. But, by and large, women’s
voting behavior did not differ signiﬁcantly from that of men.
The fourth and last stage in the expansion of the franchise occurred
when the voting age was lowered from twenty-one in most states to
eighteen. President Eisenhower, who as supreme commander of the
Allied Expeditionary Force in Europe during World War II, had sent
hundreds of thousands of young men into harm’s way, understood
the contradiction inherent in a law that kept those between eighteen
and twenty-one from voting, while they could be drafted. He asked
Congress to lower the voting age to eighteen in his 1955 State of the
Union Address and insisted on Alaska and Hawaii having lower
voting ages in order to join the Union.
But it was not until 1971, during the Vietnam War, that the issue
reached a national crescendo, leading to the passage of the
Twenty-sixth Amendment to the Constitution, lowering the
minimum voting age to eighteen. While some feared and others
hoped that the newly enfranchised youth would vote as a liberal
bloc, this prediction has never been realized. Young voters
50

participate at much lower rates than their older peers; they do
not differ signiﬁcantly in how they vote from older voters with
similar racial, social, and economic backgrounds.

Ofﬁces contested in American elections
If expansion of the franchise altered participation, changes in
the contested ofﬁces altered the objective of the electoral process
itself. Again, a progression can be noted, and the result has clear
implications for the electoral process itself.

All of that has changed. While the Electoral College still elects the
president, electors are now popularly chosen in every state, and
there is considerable agitation toward eliminating the Electoral
College altogether. All state governors are popularly elected. Since
the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment in 1913, U.S. senators
have been popularly elected. And now judges are elected in many
states. Local ofﬁcials continue to be elected in numbers beyond
those in any other democracy. While the number of elected ofﬁcials
has increased, the number of political appointees these ofﬁcials
can name to ofﬁce has decreased radically.
As a result, electoral politics is much less about the spoils of ofﬁce
and more about appealing to the electorate in other ways.
Presidents and statewide ofﬁceholders portray a public image that
appeals to the electorate. That trend can be seen as far back as
the mid-nineteenth century, when parties nominated war heroes
51

A brief history of American political parties

The progression is seen in an increase in the number of elections
for ofﬁce put before citizens. One can see the pattern without
describing the steps in great detail. At the time of the founding,
the president, U.S. senators, and most governors were elected
with little or no popular participation. The president was elected
indirectly, by the Electoral College, and few of the electors were
chosen in popular elections; governors were often elected by state
legislatures; U.S. senators were selected by state legislatures;
and many local ofﬁcials were appointed.

to whom the electorate could relate. The trend is more obvious in
the age of television and mass communications. Could someone
who looked like Lincoln be elected in the modern era? Other ofﬁceholders, those in less visible ofﬁces, have developed other techniques
to reach the voters. Congressmen and state legislators spend a
good deal of their own and their staff’s time on constituent service,
looking out for the needs of individuals and of communities as
they relate to their government. All of these changes have clear
and quite obvious effects on the electoral process.

American political parties and elections

Campaign techniques
Howard Dean’s unsuccessful campaign for the Democratic
nomination in 2004 demonstrates the third systemic change,
change in campaign techniques. He relied on the Internet to reach
voters, to organize his campaign and to raise money, using
technology in ways never tried before, but in a sense his campaign
was only the latest in a long series using technological innovations
in a political context.
One hundred years ago politicians reached citizens on a
one-on-one basis. Personal contact was the only possible means
of contact, whether by mail or face-to-face. Politicians did not
use radio as a means to communicate or as a campaign
technique until the presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Since that time we have seen three separate technological
revolutions in campaigning. First, candidates now communicate
differently with the electorate. Radio has been replaced by
television as the principal means of communication with
potential voters. Broadcasting over television has been
supplemented by ‘‘narrowcasting,’’ buying advertisements on
cable outlets that appeal to particular subsets of the population
and designing messages accordingly. Internet appeals—
via websites and e-mail—further reﬁne the ways in which
candidates communicate their messages to prospective voters
and raise funds.
52

Third, campaigns gather and analyze data with increased
sophistication. Faster and cheaper computer technology now
allows campaigns to gather, store, and analyze data—on
supporters, on volunteers, on donors, on issues, on opponents—in
much more sophisticated ways. Fund-raising has changed
dramatically, because campaigns can target appeals with precision.
Campaign organizing can be done with increased sophistication,
with much of the communication handled instantly over the
Internet. Candidate speeches and debate preparation can be more
clearly tailored to audiences, can reference government programs
more precisely, and can counter opponents’ claims more swiftly,
all because of computerized data analysis.
Even with these changes, politics remains as much art as science.
Recall again the presidential primary campaign of Howard Dean
in 2004. Dean, former governor of the small state of Vermont,
harnessed the Internet as no candidate had before. He took a
technique pioneered four years earlier by Republican John McCain
53

A brief history of American political parties

Second, candidates ﬁnd out information about the electorate
in increasingly sophisticated ways. Computer technology
revolutionized the polling industry. Whereas once only national
campaigns or the most expensive statewide campaigns could afford
public opinion polling, and a benchmark poll at the beginning of
a campaign and one or two subsequent polls was considered
state-of-the-art research, now national and even statewide
campaigns poll continuously. They use rolling samples to gauge
changing public views on a day-to-day or event-to-event basis.
Polling is commonplace in many local elections. Whereas once
pollsters were told to work their craft, provide their information
to campaign strategists, and stand aside, now they are campaign
strategists, working closely (often in the same ﬁrm) with media
consultants, direct mail consultants, fund-raisers, and the inner
circle of a candidate’s campaign. Information that is gathered is
more sophisticated, more timely, and clearly more central to
deﬁning campaign messages.

American political parties and elections

and used the Internet to raise vast sums of money; none of the other
candidates understood the power of this tool until the Dean
campaign demonstrated it. He used Internet communications to
build a vast army of volunteers, all connected instantaneously with
the campaign messages. He targeted the voters to whom he
appealed in a precise and sophisticated way. Yet, he lost. He lost,
in part to be sure, because he lost his cool one night in Iowa—and
the very same people who were listening so intently to his
message saw a different side of the man they had supported.
He lost more fundamentally because others in the contest
understood the game as well—and they applied their art. They
took lessons from the Dean campaign—John Kerry raised more
money on the Internet than did Dean—but they also drew a picture
of the electorate that ﬁt their image, and they worked on reﬁning
that. In essence, Dean showed how the new techniques could be
applied. The others learned and quickly caught up; their
campaigns better understood the art of reaching a broad base of
the electorate.

Summary
This brief history of American political parties is instructive for
understanding the electoral process today. Parties have changed
throughout this nation’s history. The parties have changed as
institutions; the issues of the day have deﬁned the appeals that they
have made to the electorate; the electorate itself has changed, as
have the ofﬁces that are contested; and the ways in which appeals
are made have changed as the technology important to
campaigning has advanced.
But at the same time, the electoral process has not changed. It is
still about contesting for public support of candidates based on
what the voters think those candidates have done and are likely
to do in the future. It is still about winners and losers—for in
54

the American system, close does not count. And it is still about
organizing, understanding the rules and the voters and how one
can appeal to the voters most efﬁciently under the rules in play.
With the context of the electoral process and this brief history in
mind, we turn to those questions in the next chapter.

A brief history of American political parties

55

Chapter 3
Party organizations:
What do they look like?
What do they do?

According to his eulogist, longtime New York state senator
George Washington Plunkitt, one of the leaders of New York’s
Tammany Hall political machine at the turn of the twentieth
century, ‘‘understood that in politics honesty doesn’t matter,
efﬁciency doesn’t matter, progressive vision doesn’t matter.
What does matter is the chance for a better job, a better price of
wheat, better business conditions.’’ At its height the machine
controlled more than 12,000 jobs, with an annual payroll of over
$12 million, more than leading iron and steel corporations of
the time.
During the ‘‘gilded age of parties,’’ a century ago, party
organizations, often well-oiled political party machines, did the
business of governing. They recruited the candidates and set the
governing agendas; they socialized the citizens and brought them
to the polls; they populated the civil service and provided the link
between citizens and their government. Party bosses were
legendary for their power and their inﬂuence—and often for
their corruption. As Plunkitt said, defending his personal gains,
‘‘I seen my chances and I took ’em.’’ That was how the business
of politics was run.
Even in the ﬁrst half of the twentieth century, in city after city
urban bosses controlled access to politics. James Michael Curley
56

was the boss of Boston, Massachusetts, for most of the ﬁrst half
of the century. The Pendergast machine in Kansas City, Missouri,
came to power in the second decade of the twentieth century and
remained powerful enough to claim credit for placing Harry
Truman in the Senate and eventually in the White House. The
Crump machine in Memphis, Tennessee, dominated that city’s
politics until after World War II. The same can be said of Frank
Hague’s machine in Jersey City, New Jersey. William J. Green’s
machine in Philadelphia, David Lawrence’s in Pittsburgh, and
Richard J. Daley’s in Chicago all were still important enough in
1960 to contribute importantly to John F. Kennedy’s nomination
for the presidency.

These organizations were dominated by powerful leaders who
understood that their power was a direct function of those
beholden to them remaining in ofﬁce. To say that rules were bent
to achieve this end is an understatement. And the bosses were
not shy about their goals and their motives. Tom Pendergast put
it simply, in his one rule of politics: ‘‘The important thing is to
get the votes—no matter what.’’ Frank Hague expressed his view
on politics somewhat differently: ‘‘I am the law. . . . I decide; I do;
ME!’’ The bosses got the job done; they were loyally followed by
the voters who beneﬁted from their largesse; their means were
often ignored.
57

Party organizations

Party organizations were clearly structured at that time. They
were hierarchical organizations with material incentives linking
the populace to precinct captains and district leaders and even
greater material incentives linking those leaders to the
hierarchy in city halls and county court houses. The material
incentives of jobs and additional assistance of food and
clothing for the immigrants ﬂooding American cities were
supplemented with solidary incentives, a feeling of kinship,
help for the newly arrived as they made their way in a strange
land, a place to gather and to mix and mingle with like-minded
people.

American political parties and elections

The story of the demise of the machines is a complex
one—involving democratic reformers, the government
assuming many of the responsibilities for social welfare that
parties once performed, exposure of corruption, and other
factors that varied by locale. By the last quarter of the twentieth
century only the palest shadows of these once powerful
organizations remained.
In the twenty-ﬁrst century, these machines seem a relic from
a bygone era, but party organization persists. Whereas once
party organization built from the most local level, through
counties and states to the national level, today the power in the
organization ﬂows largely from the national level down. Whereas
once parties controlled the nominating process and candidates
were creatures of the parties, today candidates establish their
own organizations to run in primaries and the political party
organizations exist largely to serve the needs of those candidates
who are nominated or who, once elected, are seeking reelection.
Whereas once the work of parties depended on personal
connections and personal contact with the voters, today the
work of political parties focuses on providing money and the
means for electronic communications.
American political parties do not resemble the programmatic
parties typically found in Western democracies. The party
organizations and their leaders play virtually no role in shaping
policy agendas. In fact, one could argue that American parties,
for at least the last half century, have been in search of a role.
However, organizations continue to exist at the local, county,
state, and national level; in recent election cycles party
organizations, all but unknown to the voting public, have
played critical roles in various aspects of the electoral process.
In this chapter we will outline the structure of the party
organizations as they exist today, discuss their roles in electoral
politics, and speculate on how that role might evolve in the
decades ahead.
58

The national political party organizations
Perhaps the best way to begin a discussion of party organizations in
the United States is to ask a simple question: Can you name the chair
of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) or of the Republican
National Committee (RNC)? Non-American readers might claim
that the question is unfair, that only Americans would know such
information. American readers are scratching their heads, unsure
exactly who holds these positions, much less what they do.

The national party chairs

Mehlman’s path to the chairmanship of the Republican National
Committee is quite typical. First, he was the choice of the successful
Republican candidate for president, George W. Bush. Incumbent
presidents dominate their party’s national committee and typically
are very inﬂuential in choosing its head. Second, Mehlman came to
his post through a series of political jobs. In 2000 he was the ﬁeld
director for Bush’s presidential campaign; when Bush was
successful, Mehlman, who had begun his political career working
for a series of Texas Republicans in the House of Representatives,
went to the White House as Director of Political Affairs. He left
that job to assume the position as campaign manager for the BushCheney reelection campaign. Mehlman is a political operative,
closely tied to the incumbent president, expert in running
campaigns, not in setting policy. Although he was ofﬁcially elected
by the members of the Republican National Committee, he was in
fact chosen by his boss, George W. Bush.
59

Party organizations

Table 3.1 lists the holders of the top positions in the national party
organizations since 2000. Not exactly a list of household names.
In fact, only the name of Howard Dean, who ran a very visible,
though unsuccessful campaign for the 2004 Democratic
presidential nomination, is familiar to most citizens, even those
who follow politics closely. The contrast between Dean and his
Republican counterpart, Ken Mehlman, is instructive.

Table 3.1 Democratic and Republican National
Committee Chairs
Democratic National Committee chairs
Joe Andrew, 1999–2001
Former chair of the Indiana Democratic Party
Terry McAuliffe, 2001–2005
Prominent fundraiser for the party and President Clinton;
businessman

American political parties and elections

Howard Dean, 2005–present
Former governor of Vermont; unsuccessful candidate for
party’s presidential nomination
Republican National Committee chairs
Jim Nicholson, 1997–2001
Vice chair of the RNC; RNC member from Colorado
James S. Gilmore III, 2001–2002
Former governor of Virginia
Marc Racicot, 2002–2003
Governor of Montana
Ed Gillespie, 2003–2005
Political consultant
Ken Mehlman, 2005–2007
Campaign manager for Bush–Cheney ’04

By way of contrast, political observers were shocked when Howard
Dean announced his interest in running the Democratic National
Committee. Dean made his reputation as a political iconoclast.
When he began his campaign for the Democratic presidential
nomination, few observers gave him any chance. He was an
unknown governor of a small state, an outsider intent on
challenging the status quo and the party establishment. He took
what some deemed to be extreme positions on the issues of the day;
he did not seek endorsements from the party leaders; he developed
60

an innovative but untried campaign strategy based largely on the
Internet. Dean succeeded beyond anyone’s expectations. Even
though he did not win the nomination, he changed the ways funds
were raised and campaigns were run, energized the left wing of his
party that had grown disenchanted with mainstream party
candidates, and altered the issue agenda.

But they also realized that the Democrats had lost two straight
presidential elections with mainstream, establishment candidates
running campaigns that paled in comparison to the Republican’s
platform, that their party had not controlled the Congress in a
decade, that the party was losing strength at the state and local
levels, and that Dean had demonstrated real strengths in
technological innovation, in fund-raising, and in organizing. In the
end, many swallowed their fears, and Dean was elected by the
Democratic National Committee over a strong ﬁeld of traditional
political operatives.
And how have these two leaders differed in their styles? Mehlman
performed as a fairly typical party chair. As President Bush’s
popularity plummeted in the winter of 2005–6—in the wake of
difﬁcult times in Iraq, the perceived failure of the federal
government response to Hurricane Katrina, scandals involving
members of the administration, presidentially authorized wiretaps
of questionable legality by the National Security Administration,
61

Party organizations

Then he decided to take over the party organization. His candidacy
caused concern among party centrists who feared that his
approach would alienate the political center, necessary for national
victories. Dean did little to allay these fears. In an e-mail to his
supporters announcing his candidacy, he said simply, ‘‘Our party
must speak plainly and our agenda must clearly reﬂect the socially
progressive, ﬁscally responsible values that bring our party—and
the vast majority of Americans—together.’’ Party leaders worried
about the ‘‘speak plainly’’ aspect of that statement and that he
would be too progressive on social issues for a national audience.

American political parties and elections

and perceived cronyism in some appointments, Mehlman was the
president’s staunchest defender. He was at the front line of taking
media questions about each situation—and responded with the
most positive spin possible.
Dean has played a different role. He traveled into strongly
Republican areas and carried his message of a Democratic party
standing ﬁrmly on issues of principle. While he did not back
away from his mission, he was not always welcomed by local
Democrats; in the South in particular, local Democrats
appreciated that Dean as the DNC chair cared about their state,
but many believed that his message was wrong for their
constituents. A number of elected ofﬁcials were notably absent
from his appearances.
Dean’s plain speaking has not abated. At one point Dean
characterized the Republican Party as ‘‘pretty much a white,
Christian Party.’’ His comment was met with disdain by elected
party leaders. Connecticut senator Joe Lieberman said, ‘‘It was
divisive and wrong and I hope he apologizes for it.’’ Delaware
senator Joseph Biden’s reaction to Dean’s language was similar:
‘‘He doesn’t speak for me with that kind of rhetoric. And I don’t
think he speaks for the majority of Democrats.’’

National party organization staffs
To this point, we have pointed to the role of DNC and RNC chairs,
but we have talked little about the committees they head. Each
party’s national committee is comprised of members chosen by
party organizations in each state and territory of the nation. While
the committees hold the formal power in the parties, chairs play a
much more visible role and much of the work is done by the staffs.
The committee staffs, working out of large, permanent party
headquarters in the shadow of the U.S. Capitol, raise money, plan
strategy, devise tactics, do research, provide resources, and ready
the party and its candidates for each campaign cycle. One of the
most important functions of the national committee staffs is to
62

monitor how campaigns are running throughout the nation, which
campaigns are clearly won and which lost, which are hotly
contested, which candidates need ﬁnancial help, and the like. Then
they funnel resources accordingly.
Table 3.2 presents some interesting comparisons. The states with
approximately the same populations are paired. In each case, the
two national committees have transferred signiﬁcantly more to the
competitive state than to the noncompetitive state. To put the
party efforts in starkest terms, the two national parties transferred
nearly identical sums of money to the Oregon state committees as
they did to those in California. Oregon, which was a competitive
state in 2004, has a population approximately one-tenth that of
California, which saw little competition in that election.

The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is comprised of 440
members; there are nine ofﬁcers (the chair, ﬁve vice chairs,
secretary, treasurer, national ﬁnance chair); each geographic
jurisdiction is represented by its chair and the highest ranking
ofﬁcer of the opposite sex; 200 additional members are
apportioned among the states according to population; elected
Democratic ofﬁcials from the national to the local level and party
constituencies (e.g., college Democrats) are represented by a
total of 27 members; the chair can appoint up to 50 at-large
members to represent groups thought to be important to the
party but underrepresented on the DNC (e.g., ethnic or racial
minorities or unions).
The Republican National Committee (RNC) is a much simpler
body. It consists of the chair and one committeeman and one
committeewoman from each state and territory. Ofﬁcers are the
chair, a co-chair of the opposite sex, and four male and four
female vice chairs, chosen on a regional basis.
63

Party organizations

The Democratic and Republican National Committees

American political parties and elections

Table 3.2 Transfers from national committees to
state committees
State

RNC

DNC

Arkansas
Kansas

$589,017
$0

$552,975
$45,090

Colorado
Maryland

$944,281
$200,000

$2,198,434
$176,309

Florida
Texas

$11,276,106
$615,000

$6,438,728
$220,213

Illinois
Ohio

$400,000
$3,928,102

$93,301
$5,648,745

Iowa
Kansas

$1,551,985
$0

$2,715,054
$45,090

Maine
Rhode Island

$525,646
$15,000

$1,068,946
$27,750

Massachusetts
Washington

$25,000
$879,181

$81,174
$1,031,543

The chairs and the staffs of the national committees work closely
with their counterparts at the four so-called Hill committees, each
housed in national party headquarters. The National Republican
Congressional Committee (NRCC), the National Republican
Senatorial Committee (NRSC), the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee (DCCC), and the Democratic Senatorial
Campaign Committee (DSCC) have become central players in the
biennial campaigns for control of the houses of Congress. Each of
the Hill committees is chaired by an incumbent member of
Congress, who, by virtue of this position, is a member of his or her
64

party’s leadership in the chamber. Their job is simple: to protect
seats held by incumbents and to win open seats and those of
vulnerable members of the other party.
The Hill committees have been in existence for a long
time—the House committees since just after the Civil War and
the Senate committees shortly after the Seventeenth Amendment,
calling for popular election of U.S. senators, was ratiﬁed in 1913.
But they have played minor roles for much of their history,
merely helping incumbents to raise money. In the last two
decades, however, their role has increased dramatically. Not only
do they raise money for candidates, but they play critical roles
in setting national campaign priorities.

Early in the 2006 electoral cycle, both parties and the nonpartisan
analysts were looking at approximately the same number of seats.
Since the Democrats need to pick up ﬁfteen seats to regain control
of the House of Representatives, most thought their chances slim.
But, the political winds shifted in the Democrats’ direction. By the
65

Party organizations

The prominence of the Hill committees was abundantly clear in
the 2006 congressional election cycles. In 2004 fewer than twenty
congressional districts were thought to be in play. The concept of
a district ‘‘in play’’ is a relatively new one. While incumbents have
been seen to have an electoral advantage for some time, only
recently have political operatives conceded large numbers of
districts well in advance of the election (often more than a year in
advance) and concentrated their efforts on relatively few. The
NRCC and the DCCC, each using their own criteria, seek to limit
the number of districts in which they are active to those in which
the outcome is seriously in doubt; then they concentrate their
efforts in those districts. The two political organizations—and the
political analysts who monitor congressional races, such as the
Cook Political Report and the Rothenberg Political Report—have
been remarkably consistent and accurate in predicting which races
will be close.

American political parties and elections

fall of 2005, DCCC chair Rahm Emanuel (D-IL) was successfully
recruiting strong Democratic challengers for approximately ﬁfty
seats, in all of the open seats and some held by Republicans
suddenly thought to be vulnerable. NRCC chair Tom Reynolds
(R-NY), while claiming that the political map still favored his
party, understood that his task was to defend vulnerable
incumbents in what was an expanding number of seats. As the
number of seats in play expanded, the accuracy of the party
perceptions of the political lay of the land became more critical. In
all campaigns resources are scarce; how they are allocated often
marks the difference between victory and defeat.
The 2006 cycle also led to the ﬁrst public rift between a national
chair and the chairs of the Hill committees. DNC chair Dean
continued to explore means to show the Democratic ﬂag in heavily
Republican areas, spending time and money in so doing. DCCC chair
Emanuel and his Senate counterparty, New York senator Charles
Schumer, argued that money should be concentrated in winnable
seats. In the year before the election, the difference on strategy led to
a rift that became heated and public, with Dean and Emanuel not
even speaking to each other. The 2006 scenario provides a clear
indication how the roles and responsibilities of different party actors
lead to different responses to political situations.

Electoral roles of the national committees’ staff
What role do the parties play in the election campaigns they
target? When party organizations dominated the American
political scene, the key to their power was to have ofﬁceholders
loyal to the organization in place; and the key to that was control of
the nominating process. In part the decline of parties can be traced
to losing control of the nominating process as a result of direct
primary elections.
In twenty-ﬁrst century politics, however, the key to winning
elections is often in ﬁnding a strong candidate to run. Many
incumbents win reelection because their opponents are either
66

weak or nonexistent (i.e., incumbents run without any major party
opposition).1 A key role for parties today is to recruit strong
candidates to run in open seats and to oppose incumbents in the
other party. Party leaders such as Emanuel can do this only if they
can convince the potential candidate that the seat is winnable, and
they can promise campaign assistance if the potential candidate
decides to take on the challenge. NRCC and DCCC leaders are
evaluated according to their ability to convince strong candidates
to run under their party label; candidate recruitment has become
the most important job for party leaders.

Perhaps the most important contribution that the party
committees make is to tap a district as one that is in play. A party’s
decision to concentrate resources on a particular race is a signal to
interest groups that share the party’s views that they too should
concentrate their efforts on that race. Party committees and
leaders might be restricted in how much they can contribute to any
one race, but they are not restricted in the ways in which they can
assist candidates in networking—and that may well be their most
valuable contribution. But even this is a resource that must not be
squandered. The leaders of the Hill committees want to be certain
that their allies allot their ﬁnancial contributions strategically, so
that money is concentrated on close races and not spent
67

Party organizations

Once the candidates are recruited, the job of the party organization
shifts to providing campaign resources. Some of these resources
are in the form of direct contributions, but the party is limited
in how much it can assist candidates for federal ofﬁce, to $5,000
for House candidates and $35,000 for Senate candidates.2
Equally important is the assistance they give to candidates in
services. The parties do research and polling for candidates; they
help them to hone their messages to voters, often producing
generic ads that are used in districts around the country. The
party committees also send surrogates into congressional districts
to attract attention to candidates and to help them in their own
fund-raising.

American political parties and elections

unnecessarily either on those that are lost or those that will be
easily won.3
To a large extent, national party organization has become a core of
an ongoing campaign staff poised to recruit and assist party
candidates. The DNC and RNC exist as ongoing entities; they are
the elected structure that is paraded out for show every few
months. They do have the formal authority for the two parties; but
only the two chairs have any national visibility and the staffs do the
real politicking. Congressmen and Senators do hold seats on the
DCCC and the NRCC, but only the chairs and the staffs perform
identiﬁable roles. Those roles have virtually nothing to do with
policy or governing and everything to do with fund-raising and
politics. The national party organization exists in large part to
serve the needs of its candidates.

State party organizations
David Ward is chair of the Arizona Democratic Party. Former
congressman Matt Salmon is his Republican counterpart. Few
people in Arizona know that. In fact many state party websites do
not even list the state chair. Who cares? Even the most active
citizens have little contact with state committees; even the
most active state chairs in the largest states have low political
proﬁles.
This was not always the case. Some state party organizations had
bosses as strong or stronger than those of local organizations, but
with signiﬁcant differences. Many state party bosses were U.S.
senators. These state party machines were built in the days when
U.S. senators were elected by state legislatures. Senators built
organizations to secure their elections. One of the mechanisms
they used to maintain their organizations was appointing followers
to federal positions, and they were able to do this because of a
long-standing tradition of senatorial courtesy. Senatorial
courtesy meant that any U.S. senator could veto any federal
68

appointment in his state requiring conﬁrmation by the Senate.
Senators selected federal ofﬁceholders who worked to assure
election of state legislators who would reelect the senator, quite
a cozy arrangement.
The power of most of these senators and their organizations waned
after the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment, but residual state
machines persisted in one-party southern states for many decades.
Typically, these organizations were led by demagogues whose initial
appeal to the people gave way to autocratic rule. Some of the most
colorful stories in American political history deal with
the organization of Huey Long and his successors in Louisiana,
Theodore Bilbo in Mississippi, and Gene Talmadge in Georgia.

Rejuvenation of state party organizations

Today virtually every Democratic and Republican state party
organization has a full-time paid staff; many have full-time paid
chairs as well. State headquarters, which once moved around the
state to the home city of the chair, are now typically permanent
ofﬁces in the state capital. Budgets for the state organizations vary
with the size of the state, as one would expect. But in every case
the budget is enough to sustain ongoing political organizing, to
prepare for election years, and to coordinate statewide
campaigns.
69

Party organizations

Little of that color and little of the power remain in state party
organizations of the twenty-ﬁrst century. State party organizations
parallel the national organization. Each has a state committee;
the committee is comprised of representatives from local
constituencies. The committees meet infrequently. The real
work is done by the staff. Like the national parties, state parties
have undergone a renaissance in the last half century. Fifty
years ago many state party organizations were empty shells.
Many states did not have permanent staff; few had permanent
headquarters; budgets were meager and activities limited to the
election season.

American political parties and elections

Coordination of campaigns has been a key factor in the rejuvenation
of state organizations. Federal election campaign ﬁnance laws
restrict the amount of money that can be given to candidates for
federal ofﬁce. But these same laws permit expenditures for
campaign activities that favor all of a party’s candidates for ofﬁces.
Thus, statewide political parties can maintain websites and
coordinate statewide fund-raising and volunteer efforts; they can
collect, process, and analyze voter information for all of their
candidates; they can conduct polling for the party; they can run
voter registration drives; they can do generic advertising; and they
can run get-out-the-vote efforts. In an era of candidate-centered
campaigning, fostered by candidates’ necessary reliance on their
own organizations to gain nomination through primaries, many
high-budget campaigns carry out all of these activities; low-budget
campaigns have to do without. But if the party can coordinate
activities for their candidates, economies of scale are realized and
donors who would be prohibited from giving additional money to a
candidate can assist that candidate in other ways.
One mechanism through which this coordination works is the passthrough of money from one level of party organization to another.
Table 3.2 (p. 64) shows the amount of money passed through by
the Democratic and Republican National Committees to various
state parties in 2004 in selected states. It is not surprising that the
national parties invested more funds in states with competitive
elections, allowing for more sophisticated campaigns in those
areas.

Variations in state laws
In 2006 veteran U.S. senator Joseph Lieberman was challenged
for his party’s nomination for reelection by a Greenwich
businessman, Ned Lamont. Party ofﬁcials openly backed
Lieberman in the primary. In a number of other states, either by
party rule or custom, party leaders must stay neutral in all
primaries. In still other states, the party ofﬁcials may play a role in
primaries, but the staff of the organization must stay neutral.
70

State party organizations differ from each other in a number of
ways; most reﬂect the size and the partisan leanings of the state. But
they also differ in terms of rules in a way that reﬂects on their roles.
The roles in the primary process noted above fall into that category,
with the party organization role going from neutrality, to informal
endorsement, to formal endorsement at times by special placement
or with a special designation on the ballot, to playing a formal role in
the nominating process. In Connecticut as an example, the winner
of the party endorsement is the nominee unless the party candidate
is challenged in a primary by one of those who failed to get the party
nod, as was the case with Lamont challenging Lieberman.

Local party organizations
The strong local party organizations discussed at the beginning of
this chapter provide material for legends, but the characters on
which those legends are based have long since disappeared. Yet,
local party organizations continue to exist and to play an important
role in electoral politics.
American political parties have always been decentralized
organizations; they begin at the grassroots and build to the
71

Party organizations

Party organization thus is one of the areas of American politics in
which the nature of the federal system remains important. States
differ from each other in important ways. Because of their differing
histories and political cultures, their party systems differ
signiﬁcantly. And as a result of that, the role of party organization
at the state level varies signiﬁcantly. While it is true that the state
party leaders are not well known to the public, the organizations
that they head play important roles in campaign activities—more
or less vital depending on the level of competition in the state. In
all states party leaders recruit candidates for ofﬁce, but in some
states the role of the organization is far more important, actually
selecting who will represent the party on the general election
ballot.

American political parties and elections

national level. Party committees are chosen at the precinct or town
level; these committee members choose committee members for
the next larger unit of governing, the ward in urban areas, often the
county in rural areas. Party ofﬁcials at these levels choose
committee members for the state committees; state party leaders
choose national committee members. The formal structure now
differs little from that established more than 150 years ago.4
The key question has always revolved around the locus of power.
In the days of the powerful boss, the power rested with the
public ofﬁcial who controlled jobs—often the mayor or county
executive, always someone whose tenure in ofﬁce depended on
the party boss. In some states, U.S. senators held the power, but
more often a series of local leaders were clearly the most powerful.
National party leaders were always seen as weak, with few
resources and little inﬂuence. Their job was often to broker
agreements among the powerful, and autonomous, local and
state leaders.
Today power, to the extent that party power exists, stems from
control over money. Most of the money to run party organizations
is raised at the national level. State leaders and to an even greater
extent local leaders are dependent on the expertise and often
largesse of national leaders.
But that is not to say that the roles played by local leaders are
unimportant. The roles that they play are the traditional roles of
political parties. They recruit candidates and ﬁll slots on the
ticket. They coordinate volunteers and energize the party faithful.
They advertise for their candidates and do the one-on-one
campaigning that is often still critical in local elections. They
work hard to get their loyal supporters, the party base, out to
vote. A generation ago this work was incredibly labor intensive.
Local parties needed armies of volunteers to maintain voter
lists, to address envelopes, to make telephone calls, to drop
literature.
72

If any electioneering today is done personally, it is still done at the
local level. But it has certainly been eased by the age of Internet
communication. Even at the most local level, party organizations
maintain websites; volunteers receive frequent electronic updates
on campaign progress; volunteers are coordinated and their
activities tracked electronically. Campaigns still leaﬂet
neighborhoods and accompany candidates on door-to-door visits
to voters, but the armies of volunteers are coordinated through
careful tracking of a database of those committed to a party or a
candidate. Howard Dean’s primary campaign in 2004
demonstrated the effectiveness of electronic means for
fund-raising and volunteer communication and coordination.
These lessons have not been lost on local party organizations, even
the least sophisticated of which have copied many of Dean’s
techniques.

One could argue that the high point of John Kerry’s campaign
for the presidency came when he strode to the stage of the
Democratic National Convention in Boston, gave a crisp salute,
and pronounced himself ‘‘reporting for duty.’’ The convention
allowed the Kerry campaign to orchestrate its message, to bring
the party together, to showcase their candidate to the nation. But,
it should also be remembered that no major party decisions were
made at that convention. The nominee was known in advance,
chosen as delegates pledged to Kerry were selected earlier in the
year. Kerry chose his running mate, North Carolina senator John
Edwards. The Kerry campaign monitored the platform-writing
process to assure that the party’s ofﬁcial views and the candidate’s
were in line.
In both major political parties, the national conventions stand at
the pinnacle of party’s formal decision making, but in practice few
decisions are made there. Conventions do retain very real functions
however. In part, those are solidary functions. The conventions are
73

Party organizations

Party conventions

American political parties and elections

a time when the party faithful can come together, enjoy an
atmosphere of unity, rejoice in the party’s past, and plan together
for the glorious future, which is about to unfold. But more
substantively, the conventions of the two national parties set the
rules under which the parties function, including the rules that will
govern subsequent nominating processes.5
In addition, the party conventions do pass platforms that lay out
the party’s positions on the issues of the day. At times the debates
before the party platform committee reﬂect broader philosophical
debates within the party. At other times, the platform writing is
tightly controlled by the nominee’s followers. While American
political leaders are not committed to follow the mandates of the
party platform as are leaders of parliamentary democracies, party
platforms go a good way toward deﬁning the parties in the eyes of
the electorate. Thus, presumptive presidential candidates have
worked hard to dominate the platform-writing process. They do
not want to be saddled with a platform that takes controversial
positions to which they are not wed.

The 1992 national party platforms
By the time the two national parties named their Platform
Committees in 1992, it was clear that President George H. W.
Bush would be renominated by the Republicans and that Bill
Clinton would be the Democratic nominee.
The Republicans allowed the social conservative wing of the party
to dominate the platform-writing process. Bush’s campaign aides
determined that the platform’s content was not as important as
keeping the conservatives solidly behind their candidate. As a
result, the 1992 GOP platform took extreme positions on many of
the controversial social issues of the day.
By contrast, Bill Clinton’s advisors wanted to be certain that the
Democrat’s platform represented his centrist views, the views
74

promulgated by the Democratic Leadership Council. They
lobbied hard to name the chairs of the Platform Committee and
the leader of the drafting subcommittee, and for Clinton
supporters to dominate the committee membership. The
Clinton leadership team (Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California and
Gov. Roy Roemer of Colorado for the full committee; Rep. Bill
Richardson of New Mexico for the Drafting Committee)
negotiated with the Democratic contenders who had lost to
Clinton to assure that the platform would represent the
nominee’s views and that the losing candidates would not
challenge any planks on the ﬂoor.
The result was telling. The Republican convention divided over
platform issues; the party looked to be in the hands of social
extremists, and moderates were disheartened. The Democrats
These images carried over into the general election.

State party conventions vary according to the role that the party plays
in the nominating process. If the party role is pivotal, then campaigns
vie to have delegates pledged to them seated and voting. These
conventions are often contentious. Candidate differences are
reﬂected in rules ﬁghts, in platform ﬁghts, in shows of support. When
the convention eventually endorses a nominee, the party either
demonstrates unity or remains divided, depending on whether the
convention’s endorsement is likely to be challenged in a primary.
In other states, party conventions are simply displays of party
unity. Party regulars come together to be energized by
ofﬁceholders seeking to stir the faithful to participate in their
campaigns. Platforms are adopted but are often meaningless.
The main purpose of these conventions is as a kickoff to the
fall campaign, a pep rally to prepare the troops for the effort
ahead.6
75

Party organizations

united behind their nominee with a unifying moderate platform.

American political parties and elections

Summary
Political party organizations in the United States reﬂect the
nation’s federal system. The party is organized at each electoral
level. What is constant is that the real work of the party is done by
staff, and the principle role of the party is to assist their candidates
for ofﬁce. Formal party organization does not deﬁne party
positions. The leaders of the party organization are not able to
discipline public ofﬁcials elected under the party label. Rather, the
strength of the party is directly related to its ability to assist in
campaign functions. The current situation is a far cry from the role
played by party organization a century ago, reﬂecting important
changes in the critical aspects of the electoral process—the stakes
of the game, the incentives for participation, and the means used to
reach voters.

76

Chapter 4
Who are Republicans?
Who are Democrats?
Who are the ‘‘others’’?

If you look at prominent ﬁgures, these questions are easy to
answer. President George Bush is a Republican; Senator Edward
Kennedy, a Democrat. Public ofﬁcials run as nominees of one party
or the other. But what about the school teacher in Vermont, the
textile worker in North Carolina, the farmer in Nebraska, the
computer engineer in California? Are they Democrats or
Republicans? Who are the independents, and who represents them
in government?
For generations, political scientists have found it useful to
distinguish among the party in the electorate, the party
organization, and the party in government. The party in the
electorate is the voters; the party organization is comprised of
those individuals who run for and serve on, or who are employed
by, party committees at the local, state, and national levels. The
party in government is comprised of public ofﬁcials, elected or
appointed, who are identiﬁed with one major party or the other as
they serve.
In this chapter, we will explore party afﬁliation in each of those
three contexts. We will show how party in the electorate is a
moving target. However deﬁned, voters who identify with the
major parties are easily distinguishable from those who work for
the parties or run or are appointed as representatives of the parties.
77

Party in the electorate

American political parties and elections

How do you know if someone is a Democrat or a Republican?
What does it mean to be a Democrat or a Republican? We know
that party membership in the United States does not mean what
it does in Europe. That is, Americans do not join a political party
in any real sense; parties do not maintain membership rolls. We
also know that party allegiance is the single best predictor of a
citizen’s vote. Democrats, ceteris paribus—other things being
equal—vote for Democrats; Republicans, for Republicans.
The party in the electorate is normally analyzed in one of three
ways. The ﬁrst is to examine those who are enrolled in one major
party or the other. This means is limited, however, because many
states do not maintain ofﬁcial lists of party enrollees. If one says
one is a Democrat in Maine, for example, it signiﬁes that a citizen is
enrolled in the Democratic party and that that voter is eligible to
vote in the Democratic primary. However, if that voter’s sister says
she is a Republican in Wisconsin, the meaning is different. The
state of Wisconsin does not enroll voters in one party or another;
she can vote in either party’s primary. Because of state-by-state
variation in the election law, party enrollment is not a very useful
analytical concept.
The second method is to analyze those people who vote for the
Republican or the Democratic candidate. This deﬁnition of
party identiﬁcation is in some ways the most meaningful; after
all, we are concerned with election outcomes. Thus it makes
sense to analyze how those who supported President Bush differed
from those who supported Senator Kerry. If our goal is to
understand the result of a speciﬁc election, then examining the
supporters of the candidates in that election makes a good deal
of sense. But those who vote for the Democratic candidate for one
ofﬁce often vote for the Republican candidate for another ofﬁce.
On a long ballot, voters might well switch back and forth between
78

the parties. Furthermore, those who support the Republican
candidate for a particular ofﬁce in one year often support the
Democratic candidate in the next election. If our concern is to
understand which voters are Republicans and which are
Democrats, voting behavior is a limited tool. We hear often that
more and more citizens are independents. On election day these
voters are often faced with only two choices—a Democrat or a
Republican. How can we understand their behavior if we eliminate
them by deﬁnition?

Various polling organizations have measured party identiﬁcation
over the years. Commercial pollsters, such as Gallup, generally
report how the electorate divides itself among Democrats,
independents, and Republicans. The question asked is quite
simple: ‘‘In politics, as of today, do you consider yourself a
Republican, a Democrat, or an independent?’’ (Asked of
independents: ‘‘As of today, do you lean more to the Democratic
Party or the Republican Party?’’)2
For many years the Democrats had a signiﬁcant advantage, with
few voters declaring their independence from the major parties. In
the last decade, the Republicans have closed the gap between them
and the Democrats, and many more voters list themselves as
independent. As a result, nearly equal numbers of voters place
themselves in each category, with small numbers switching from
month to month. In a Gallup Poll conducted in February and
March 2006, 35 percent identiﬁed themselves as Democrats, 32
percent as Republicans, and 31 percent as independents. When
79

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

As a result of these limitations, political scientists most often use a
third mode of analysis, the concept of party identiﬁcation, to
examine which voters are Democrats and which, Republicans.
Party identiﬁcation is a concept that measures a voter’s self
assessment of their allegiance to one party or another. As such it
is different from either party membership or voting for candidates
of a party.1

American political parties and elections

‘‘leaners’’ were taken into account, that is assigning those who
say they lean toward one party or the other to that party,
Democratic identiﬁers outnumbered Republicans 50 percent to
41 percent.
Political scientists tend to rely more heavily on the National
Election Studies (NES) that have asked similar questions of voters
in surveys conducted surrounding every presidential election since
that of 1952. The NES question regarding party afﬁliation is
‘‘Generally speaking, do you usually think of yourself as a
Republican, a Democrat, an independent, or what?’’3 Because the
NES surveys probed far more deeply into respondent
characteristics than do commercial surveys, they are far more
useful in coming to an understanding of the electorate.
Party identiﬁcation is useful in answering the question about
who are the Republicans, who are the Democrats, and who are
the ‘‘others’’ in at least two ways. The ﬁrst is to look at various
groups in society in order to determine whether members of
particular groups tend to see themselves in one party or the
other.4 The other means is to look at the party coalitions, to
determine to what degree speciﬁc groups contribute to each
party’s followers.

Analyzing the afﬁliations of political groups
Political parties often appeal to voters based on their group
membership. The New Deal coalition, the combination of groups
that supported the Democratic party after the election of Franklin
Delano Roosevelt, was comprised of white southerners, urban
working-class Americans, especially union members, African
Americans, Jews, and Catholics. The Republicans’ coalition was
more difﬁcult to deﬁne, but surely non-poor whites and citizens of
small towns and rural areas made important contributions. That
picture held for more than thirty years, but changes were clearly
seen in the last decades of the twentieth century that have persisted
into the twenty-ﬁrst.
80

Catholics were an important part of the New Deal coalition. Their
allegiance to the Democrats was strengthened by the candidacy
and election of John F. Kennedy, the ﬁrst Roman Catholic elected
to the White House. Today Catholics are only slightly more likely to
identify themselves as Democrats than as Republicans; President
Bush received a higher percentage of the Catholic vote than did
Senator John Kerry. Union members are just as likely to be
Democrats as they have traditionally been, but many fewer workers
are members of unions. The allegiance of blacks and Jews to the
Democratic Party has remained virtually constant over the last half
century.
Some groups have emerged to be important in American politics
in the late twentieth and early twenty-ﬁrst centuries that were
not deemed signiﬁcant a generation or two ago. Hispanics stand
out because they will soon comprise the largest minority group
in the nation. The two parties are competing vigorously for the
Hispanic vote. While non-Cuban Hispanics favor the Democrats
over the Republicans by almost three to one, this percentage was
seen as declining after 2004. In part the decline is a reﬂection
of competing group allegiance.5 Many Hispanics are also religious
fundamentalists and regular churchgoers—two other groups
not isolated for their political relevance in the past. Each of
these groups heavily favors the Republican party. Hispanics who
81

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

Some groups’ support for the Democrats clearly declined. The
extreme example of such a group is native white southerners.
Native white southerners identiﬁed with the Democratic Party in
very large numbers until the 1960s. While they might have
opposed liberal Democratic policies, particularly on the question
of civil rights, the Republican party did not compete for major
ofﬁces in the South until after the 1964 election, so white
southerners had nowhere to go but to the Democrats. By the 1980s
the allegiance of this group had changed dramatically; today native
white southerners are much more likely to identify with the
Republicans than with the Democrats.

fall into these categories, those who might favor the Democrats
for other reasons, are torn. However, the Republican party stance
on immigration policy, opposed by most Hispanics, has
hindered their efforts to make inroads into this group most
recently.

American political parties and elections

The important questions about group allegiance deal ﬁrst with why
members of a particular group were attracted to a party as
members of that group in the ﬁrst place, and then with why they
continue to identify with that party, lose their allegiance but stay
neutral, or switch to the other party.
Group allegiance forms because of polities put forth by political
leaders of a speciﬁc political party. The New York Times columnist
David Brooks made this point cogently in a column titled ‘‘Losing
Alito,’’ published at the time of the Supreme Court justice’s
conﬁrmation hearing. Had Alito been born a decade earlier,
Brooks asserts, he, like other urban ethnic Americans, would
have been a Democrat. But the Democrats lost the Alitos of this
world.
Democrats did their best to repel Northern white ethnic voters.
Big-city liberals launched crusades against police brutality,
portraying working-class cops as thuggish storm troopers for the
establishment. In the media, educated liberals portrayed urban
ethnics as uncultured, uneducated Archie Bunkers. The liberals
were doves; the ethnics were hawks. The liberals had ‘‘Question
Authority’’ bumper stickers; the ethnics had been taught in school
to respect authority. The liberals thought an unjust society caused
poverty; the ethnics believed in working their way out of poverty.

A parallel argument could be made concerning some groups that
support Republicans. Establishment nonfundamentalist
Protestants ﬁnd the domination of their party by the religious right
to be troubling; they think they have less and less in common with
those running their party.
82

The logical next question is why the parties act in these ways, a
question we will return to in the discussion of party organization
and party in government.

Party coalitions

What distinguishes the Republican coalition from the Democrats?
Clearly, race is one factor. Democratic party identiﬁers are much
more likely to be of a minority race (ca. 40 percent) than are
Republican identiﬁers (ca. 8 percent). Gender is another factor,
with about a gap of more than 10 percent among female party
identiﬁers. The party coalitions are also distinguished by income.
Nearly 40 percent of those who report themselves to be Republican
are in the top one-third of the income distribution in the nation;
fewer than 30 percent of the Democrats achieve that level.
Southern whites now comprise one-third of all Republicans, but
only about one-sixth of the Democrats. Finally, religious beliefs
distinguish the two groups. A higher percentage of Republicans
attend church regularly than is true of Democrats (42 percent
34 percent); more strikingly, nearly one in six Republicans assert
that they are fundamentalist Christians; only 7 percent of the
Democrats claim those beliefs. The contrast between these views of
the two parties and the New Deal Coalition could hardly be more
stark.
83

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

Group contribution to a party coalition is a function of the
percentage of those in a certain group who afﬁliate with a political
party and of the overall size of the group. Thus, Jews are
overwhelmingly Democrats but make up a very small percentage of
the voting public and thus a small percentage of the Democratic
coalition, approximately 5 percent. Nearly two-thirds of all
Democrats are women; here we see the much-discussed gender
gap as less than half of the Republicans are female. Catholics
make up about a quarter of the Democratic coalition and about the
same percentage of the GOP coalition. By contrast blacks account
for about 30 percent of all Democrats, but only 1 percent of
Republicans.6

The party organization

American political parties and elections

The Republicans and Democrats who populate their respective
party organizations are self-selected activists. They are all but
unknown to the general public. They attend committee meetings
and plan campaigns. They draft platforms and do the nitty-gritty
work of campaigning. Generally they are more concerned with
local politics than with state or national politics. Partisan victory is
important to them.
They are also the true believers in the party. Systematic studies of
these party activists have reached similar conclusions. Whereas
once party organization was synonymous with material incentives,
in the contemporary context, those who run for positions in the
party organization or who work for the party are more concerned
with policy than patronage.
What policy? For the Democrats, party activists and staff tend to
be more liberal than the average Democrat, more committed to
traditional liberal Democratic policies. For the Republicans, core
activists tend to be more conservative. In recent years, this
conservatism has been social conservatism more than economic
conservatism. The Religious Right has made a concerted and a
successful effort to capture party machinery in a number of states
and has made inroads in others.
If one assumes that it is possible to view public opinion on political
issues along a spectrum from conservative on the right to liberal
on the left,7 and if one further assumes that a normal curve deﬁnes
the spread of public opinion on that spectrum, party activists tend
to ﬁnd themselves at the extremes, and rank-and-ﬁle party
identiﬁers tend to occupy positions closer to the center. The more
active one is in the party, the more likely one is to hold extreme
positions, particularly on the most salient issues of the day. Thus,
Democratic party ofﬁcers are likely to be more liberal than those
84

who merely vote in primaries; primary voters are likely to be more
liberal than Democratic identiﬁers who do not bother to turn out
for primary elections.

Certain consequences for the electoral system follow. First, the more
inﬂuential party organization is in the process, the less likely it is
that compromise positions will be taken. Second, the more one party
dominates a geographic area, the more valuable the nomination is
and the more potential candidates will appeal to the party base, not
to the center. As a result, ofﬁceholders from one-party areas tend to
be more partisan and extreme on controversial issues than are those
from more competitive areas. Third, ofﬁcial party positions, for
example, those taken in party platforms that are written largely by
party activists, tend to emphasize salient issues on which the parties
differ, not those on which compromise positions are possible. Taken
together then, one sees that the activists in party organizations
contribute to increasingly divided and bitter partisanship.
Party organization in the golden era of parties, a century ago, was
concerned with gaining power and the spoils that went with that
power. Party leaders were often towering political ﬁgures. Those
who worked under them were bound to them and to the
organization because of the patronage they controlled. Local
politics was more important than state or national politics, because
more patronage was controlled at the local level. Party positions
were decidedly secondary.
85

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

One could certainly claim an inconsistency here. If a primary goal
is partisan victory, then party activists should want their party to
assume centrist positions, for these would appeal to more voters
and lead to victory. However, if one is a committed believer to more
extreme policy positions, another logic holds: it is necessary to
convince others that your position is correct, to control the party
machinery, to nominate candidates who share your view, and to
mobilize others with similar opinions to support those candidates
in order to have those views prevail.

In the twenty-ﬁrst century, party leaders are largely unknown
except for by other activists in their local area, they still perform the
traditional party functions, but their motivation for supporting the
party is because of policy preferences, not because of potential
patronage. Party positions are not valued for personal gain. As a
result, those who care most about policy are able to capture party
posts and dominate the organizations.

American political parties and elections

The party in government
This chapter began by citing President Bush and Senator Kennedy
as obvious examples of politicians associated with their political
party. When one refers to well-known politicians, those who follow
politics even remotely can conjure up certain images. President
Bush stands for the war on terrorism, for lowering taxes, for less
government. Senator Kennedy is associated with the rights of
minorities, with government assistance for those in economic
need, with human rights policies. The images may not be precise,
but they are clear nonetheless.
How clear are the distinctions between Democrats and
Republicans in ofﬁce? To a large extent that depends on what level
of precision you seek. A generation ago, even the most astute
observers would have difﬁculty deﬁning what it meant to be a
Democratic ofﬁceholder. Senator Kennedy was in ofﬁce then,
perhaps even more liberal than he is now. George C. Wallace of
Alabama ran for president as a Democrat; he symbolized southern
conservative Democrats, of whom there were many. Washington
State was represented in the Senate by Henry M. Jackson, a liberal
on domestic policies but a staunch conservative on defense
matters. During the Vietnam War, Democrat Lyndon Johnson led
the war effort, with many allies in the Congress, including most
Republicans; other Democrats led opposition to the war, along
with a few Republicans. It was difﬁcult to deﬁne where the
party in government stood.
86

In the ﬁrst decade of the twenty-ﬁrst century, deﬁning the party in
government seems to be somewhat easier, at least at the national
level. For each session of Congress, the Congressional Quarterly
Service computes a Party Unity Score for each Representative and
Senator.8 In the most recent congresses, each party’s average unity
score has been over 85 percent; the percentage of votes on which a
majority of one party opposed a majority of the other has also
increased. In Congress one ﬁnds the Republicans supporting
President Bush, and the Democrats opposing a large portion of his
initiatives.9

This change can be seen around the issue of abortion. In 1992
Pennsylvania governor Robert P. Casey was not permitted to
air his pro-life views at the Democratic National Convention. In
2006, his pro-life son, Robert P. Casey, Jr., was sought out by party
leaders to be their candidate for the U.S. Senate. At the same time,
the Republican party is deﬁned more as a pro-life party, with little
divergence tolerated. Former Massachusetts governor Mitt
Romney, who equivocated on his stand on abortion rights when
running for ofﬁce in a liberal state, made determined efforts to
stake out ﬁrmly pro-life positions when he decided to explore the
Republican presidential nomination.
Even with these variations noted, however, Democrats in
government and Republicans in government are easily
identiﬁable—and in fact go to great efforts to separate themselves.
87

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

Some variation does exist if one looks at the state or regional level.
In the Republican party, as a clear example, party ofﬁceholders
from New England tend to be moderate on social issues; those
from states in the Bible Belt, the religiously conservative area in the
heartland of the country, tend to be much more conservative. For
much of the twentieth century the Republicans were a more
homogeneous party than the Democrats; in recent years, however,
Republicans have become more split, with the division occurring
around social issues on the agenda of the Religious Right.

On issue after issue, when one party’s leaders take a stand, those of
the other party take the opposite stand. At the national level at
least, the issues on which ofﬁceholders from the two parties work
together to ﬁnd common solutions are few and far between.
Partisan conﬂict is much more prevalent than partisan
cooperation; divisiveness is much more common that a search
for mutually acceptable solutions to pressing problems.

American political parties and elections

The independents
In looking at who are Democrats and who are Republicans, we
have not dealt with the residual group—who are the
independents. For the party in government, that is easiest to
answer: there are very few of them. In the 109th Congress, as an
example, there was one independent senator, James Jeffords of
Vermont, a former Republican who shifted from his party and
retired without ever having run as an independent; in the House,
Bernie Sanders, also of Vermont, was the only independent; all of
the governors in the ﬁfty states sitting in 2006 were either
Democrats or Republicans as were approximately 99 percent of
the state legislators.
Party organization for independents is oxymoronic. How can there
be a party organization if there is no party? However, when
independent candidates run, they do form organizations. Most of
those are episodic, coming together for one campaign and then
disbanding. They are the followers of the candidate, often
following him or her for the same reason the candidate is
running—concern for one issue or a set of issues, dissatisfaction
with the established candidates. Occasionally such an organization
persists, as did H. Ross Perot’s organization after his 1992 bid for
the presidency. These followers might try to form a new party or
to continue following the leader who drew them to politics.
They—like those who labor for minor parties that have persisted
over time—are dedicated to a cause but rarely inﬂuential in the
process.
88

Summary
Political parties are central to American elections, but party
membership in any formal sense is alien to most citizens. Indeed,
many have no formal afﬁliation; many do not even identify with
one party or the other. Nonetheless, the concept of party remains
important. Most citizens have an impression of the two major
parties, of what they stand for, of what kinds of citizens think of
themselves as part of each party. Even those who consider
themselves to be independents most often vote for candidates who
are either Democrats or Republicans—and they often do so
because they have a sense of what it means to be a candidate of one
party or the other. Candidates run with the support of party
organizations. While they may seek independence from
those organizations, none deny their importance, particularly in
recruiting candidates and in raising money in close races. In close
races, party organizations also play crucial roles in assuring that
89

Who are Republicans? Who are Democrats? Who are the ‘‘others’’?

Independents in the electorate often determine the outcome of an
election. They are not a uniﬁed group. Some are very involved in
politics but choose not to afﬁliate with one party or the other,
because their views are not in line with either party’s views. Others,
once afﬁliated with one party, have become disenchanted but are
not willing to move to the other side. Still others are interested in
politics but disapprove of politicians who are too partisan to
maintain their independence. Finally, a large group are
uninterested in politics or government policy and do not identify
with either party because they are not concerned enough to follow
the discussions. Thus, some of the independents are among the
most informed and most concerned of citizens; others are among
the least informed and least concerned. Candidates must be
aware of both groups and determine how to make appropriate,
effective appeals. Making this judgment is often more art than
science and based more on emotion than substance. Often, in the
relatively few competitive races that do exist, those judgments
separate winners from losers.

American political parties and elections

supporters turn out to vote. Finally, once politicians are elected,
they organize themselves in governing by political party. Elected
ofﬁcials are identiﬁed by their party label and are thought to act in
certain ways, because they are Democrats or Republicans. An
increasingly large number of citizens claim allegiance to neither
party and take pride in their independence. What this frequently
means is that they switch from supporting candidates of one party
to those of another, not that they have discovered a third path into
American politics.

90

Chapter 5
Presidential elections:
Nominating campaigns
and general elections

In November and December 2000, when citizens of the world
waited for weeks to ﬁnd out whether George W. Bush or Al
Gore had won the American presidential election, analysts and
citizens agreed on two observations. First, the system was terribly
ﬂawed. A country that views itself as a beacon of democracy, a
model for nations emerging as democracies, could not be proud
of an electoral system that left the result in doubt for weeks, with
the clear implication that the winner would be determined
based on judicial interpretations of questionable ballots.
Second, few people truly understood the system. Not only
Americans but also those throughout the world who point to the
democratic principles of the United States as ideals to be
emulated were amazed to learn that George W. Bush might be
elected even though Albert Gore received more votes.
Throughout the United States civics teachers were talking to
their students about the Electoral College, and those students
were going home explaining it to their parents. Television
journalists who did understand the system stumbled often as
they tried to explain it to their audiences.
If the means by which citizens of the United States elect their
president is complex, ﬂawed, and misunderstood, the means
through which the two major parties choose their nominees is even
91

American political parties and elections

more so. Citizens know that the nominees are chosen at
party conventions, but they also know that the identity of the
nominee is known well in advance of those gatherings. How? Which
states have primaries and which caucuses—and what difference
does it make? How do they work? Who are the delegates to the
conventions? How are they chosen? What do they do?
The nominating process is not some abstraction, of interest only to
political junkies. The way in which the nominating process works
determines which candidates will be viable and which have no
chance. This process winnows the ﬁeld of potential presidents
from a large number down to two—the two major party nominees.
One cannot understand the results of American elections if one
does not understand how the candidates are chosen.
Similarly, the rules of the general election are not neutral. The
Electoral College system favors some candidates and disadvantages
others. George Bush was elected because of how this system
works. He might not have been elected had an alternative system
been in place. Candidate strategies would have changed had the
rules been different. Financial backing plays a huge role in
presidential nominations and elections; campaign contributions
are regulated—and the strength or weakness of these regulations
also contributes to determining who will win and who will lose.
One can only critique the system in terms of democratic values if
one understands the ways in which it functions and the likely
consequences of alternatives.

The nominating process
George W. Bush was twice nominated by the Republican party
as their candidate for the presidency, in 2000, when President
Bill Clinton was leaving the White House, and in 2004, when
seeking reelection. Those two nominations stand as examples of
two of the possible varieties in a typology of party nominations
for president. John F. Kerry’s nomination in 2004, the Democratic
92

nomination to oppose an incumbent Republican, stands as a
third type.
Table 5.1 presents a number of variables that one must consider in
analyzing presidential nominations.1 The key contextual variable is
the presence or absence of an incumbent president seeking
reelection. Related to that is the second factor, whether the
nomination under examination is for the nod of the party of the
incumbent or for the ‘‘out’’ party nomination.2 The process clearly
runs differently if one candidate is the presumptive nominee early
in the nominating season from those instances in which no such
favorite emerges.

But the nomination of George W. Bush in 2000 is quite different.
Bush was all but anointed by party leaders—not the formal party
organization but elected leaders within the party, including
Republican governors, and major contributors to the party,
including many in his native Texas. He became the presumptive
nominee because he had such a huge advantage going into the
actual primary season, a ﬁnancial advantage that caused many
other potentially serious contenders to drop out.3
93

Presidential elections

A number of conclusions about intraparty competition can be
drawn from this ﬁgure. First, few nominations other than those for
reelection have gone to candidates who were presumptive
nominees early in the campaign season. And those four are of
interest. Two were to run against incumbent presidents thought
to be invulnerable; that is, the nominations were not seen as
very valuable. Walter Mondale in 1984 and Bob Dole in 1996
were each respected party leaders who, in a sense, were due the
nomination; however, it is likely that they would have been
more strongly challenged within their own parties if other
potential candidates thought that the sitting president seeking
reelection might lose. Al Gore in 2000 was a sitting vice
president and heir apparent; he was to carry on the legacy of the
Clinton-Gore team.

Table 5.1 Typology of competition for presidential nominations (with number of serious contenders for
the nomination in parentheses)
Party of nominee
Incumbent’s Party

Other party

Presidential
context

Presumptive
nominee

No presumptive
nominee

Presumptive
nominee

No presumptive
nominee

Seeking
Reelection

Nixon, 1972
Reagan, 1984
Clinton, 1996
Bush, 2004

Ford, 1976 (2)
Carter, 1980 (2)
Bush, 1992 (2)

Mondale, 1984 (6)
Dole, 1996 (5)

McGovern, 1972 (8)
Carter, 1976 (10)
Reagan, 1980 (7)
Clinton, 1992 (7)
Kerry, 2004 (6)

Not Seeking Reelection

Gore, 2000 (2)

Bush, 1988 (6)

Bush, 2000 (6)

Dukakis, 1988 (7)

It is important to look at the strategies of candidates who run in
different contexts. Before one can understand the strategies,
however, it is necessary to have a sense of the rules under which
these campaigns are run.

The rules of the game
The bottom line is simple: The presidential nominee of a party is
that candidate who receives a majority of the votes cast on one
ballot at his or her party’s nominating convention. The vice
presidential nominee is that candidate who receives a majority of
the votes for vice president at the nominating convention. What
could be simpler?

Who then are these delegates and how are they chosen? The two
major parties differ in a number of important details as to
how they apportion delegates among the states and as to how
the actual delegates are chosen. Each party has a formula that
determines how many delegates each state should send to its
national convention; the formulas, which can change from
convention to convention, are generally based on two
factors—voting population of the state, and the party’s success
in recent elections within the state. The Democrats also assure
that certain groups of elected ofﬁcials are represented as
delegates on the convention ﬂoor—members of Congress,
governors, state ofﬁcials, party leaders, and the like.
Democratic National Conventions are generally larger than
Republican National Conventions.5
95

Presidential elections

For more than half a century, the nominating conventions have
been the frosting on the cake. Delegates chosen well in advance of
the convention are pledged to one candidate or another. The
nominee becomes clear once one candidate has accumulated
enough pledged delegates to guarantee that majority vote. And,
to complete the ticket, the delegates routinely vote for the
candidate for vice president suggested to them by the presidential
candidate.4

Means of selecting delegates also vary between the parties and,
within the parties, among the states. Generally, the Republicans
give state party organizations more leeway in selecting the means
through which delegates are chosen; the Democrats impose certain
guidelines on state leaders.6

American political parties and elections

Two principle means are used to select delegates, presidential
preference primaries and caucuses. In a presidential preference
primary, the names of the candidates for a party’s nomination
appear on the ballot, and citizens cast a vote for one of the
candidates. The results of this vote are used to select the actual
delegates who attend the convention. Again, it seems simple, but
the variations in systems reveal how complex it is.
First, who are the citizens who vote? Is every registered voter
eligible or just those who are members of the party? What is meant
by ‘‘member of the party,’’ in an organization that has no formal
membership? Some states, Wisconsin as an example, have
so-called open primaries, primaries in which any registered
voter may participate. Other states like New Hampshire permit
independents who have not enrolled in either party to vote in
either party’s primary, but Democrats cannot vote in the
Republican primary, and Republicans cannot vote in the
Democrats’. Still other states, like Maryland or New York, have
closed primaries, primaries in which only those who have
enrolled in one of the major parties or the other may vote,
effectively excluding independents from participation. States
vary in enough ways that a continuum exists between open and
closed systems, with few states running pure primaries of
either type.
Those who believe in democracy, the rule of the people, in its
purest form should favor more open systems, right? Not so fast. In
an open system Democrats might determine who the Republicans’
nominee should be. Isn’t that a decision that Republicans should
make? If party means anything, does it not seem right that those
96

who adhere to the party’s principles should choose its candidates?
That logic argues for a more closed system.
The same logic also argues that a more open system, with citizens
crossing party lines to vote in a primary election, should lead to more
centrist candidates. Candidates in primary elections would have
to appeal across party lines. A more closed system would lead to
candidates whose views were more divergent, easier for the voters
to distinguish in the general election, but some might also claim,
more extreme. Choices in rules lead to differences in outcomes.

Again, which system is to be preferred? Which is ‘‘fairer’’ or ‘‘better’’
is not clear. A system of proportional representation allows the
district or state delegation to the national convention to reﬂect
the voting preferences of those who cast primary votes more
precisely. That certainly is a valid goal for a voting system. But a
winner-take-all system allows a front-running candidate to cement
a lead more quickly, to unify the party behind his or her candidacy,
and perhaps to have an advantage going into the general election.
That too is a valid goal for a primary voting system. The trade-off
between a system more likely to produce a winner in the general
election and one that is more democratic is one that has separated
party professionals from party reformers for decades. That battle
has been fought openly in the Democratic Party in a series of
97

Presidential elections

A second variation deals with who wins the primary. A prior
question to that concerns the geographic size of the voting area.
Delegates may be elected to the national convention from
districts or they may be elected statewide—or, a state may opt
for a combination of the two. Within whatever unit is chosen, in
the Democratic party, delegates to the national convention are
divided among the candidates proportionately according to the
percentage of votes received in the primary.7 In the Republican
party, the Democrats’ system of proportional representation is
used in some states, but in other states the winner of the
primary wins all of the delegates.8

reform commissions that have struggled with party governance,
rules, and procedures. The Republicans have been very willing to
let Democrats battle internally over this while they use a system
that has more often than not produced candidates leading a
uniﬁed party.9

American political parties and elections

In 2004, thirty-ﬁve of the ﬁfty states chose national
convention delegates by primary election in the Democratic
Party; thirty-two of the ﬁfty did so in the Republican Party.
Of the 4,322 delegates to the Democratic convention, over
60 percent were chosen in primaries; about 55 percent of the
Republican delegates were chosen in primaries. The rest
were chosen in caucuses.10
Caucuses are essentially meetings of party members,
people who are enrolled in one party or the other.
In caucus states, party members throughout the state gather
in their home locales on the same day. At these local
caucuses, representatives of the various contending
candidates make the best case they can, and then those
assembled discuss the campaign and the strengths and
weaknesses of the contenders and vote openly for their choice.
The outcome of a local caucus is the election of delegates to a
county or state convention, pledged to the various candidates
in proportion to their support at the caucus. Caucus attendance
is generally much lower than primary turnout. However,
caucus supporters argue that the level of commitment to
the process demonstrated by attending a meeting that might
last a number of hours and discussing the campaign
argues for the merits of this system of choosing among
candidates.
The most contentious issue debated by those who analyze the
presidential nominating process relates to the calendar of events.
For more than half a century, the New Hampshire primary has
been held before any others; for nearly as long, the Iowa
98

caucuses have opened the ofﬁcial nominating season. Leading
candidates tend to concentrate on these contests, giving those
states signiﬁcant inﬂuence, many argue too much inﬂuence for
states that are unrepresentative of the nation as a whole or of
the supporters of either party.11 States, either acting on their own
or in consort with other states from their same region, have
moved their primary or caucus dates to early in the process in
order to increase the attention paid to their contests. As a result,
the entire nominating process is ‘‘front-loaded.’’ In 2004 more
than three-quarters of the delegates were chosen by April 1, four
months before the convention. As a result, Senator John Kerry
had amassed enough pledged delegates to assure himself the
nomination by March 13.12 Therefore, citizens in states holding
primaries after that date had absolutely no inﬂuence on whom
their party would nominate.13
99

Presidential elections

8. Ofﬁcials tally votes at the presidential primary in Dixville Notch,
New Hampshire, traditionally the ﬁrst town in the state to report
its results.

Strategic considerations

American political parties and elections

Individual states deciding on their own primary dates is
a well-established practice, but the results have serious
implications for candidates. In early 2004, as Howard Dean’s
candidacy surged, other contenders had to make decisions. Did
they confront him in the Iowa caucuses? In the New Hampshire
primary? In both? Or did they wait until others took him on
and hope to win primaries later on? Candidates face strategic
decisions like this throughout nominating campaigns.
First, candidates must decide on the minimal viability of
their candidacies? Are they well-enough known? Can they build
a strong enough organization? Will it be possible for them to
raise enough money to campaign throughout the primary
season? The ability to raise money—and to raise it early in
the process—has become increasingly important, though the
ﬁnancial target and the means to reach it have been changing.
Primary campaigns are funded in one of two ways. The
Federal Election Campaign Act (FECA) calls for matching public
funds to pay for the presidential primaries.14 Nearly all
candidates opted for this means of funding their nominations
from the time that the act took effect in 1976 until the 2000
nomination of George W. Bush.15 The system was viewed as
successful in keeping the escalating cost of nominating contests
in check and in leveling the playing ﬁelds among the contenders.
Strategies changed in 2000, however. Then Texas governor George
W. Bush adopted a preemptive approach, using the other means of
funding primary campaigns—by raising money privately, without
restrictions on subsequent spending. Building a coalition of party
leaders that included elected ofﬁcials (especially his fellow
Republican governors), supporters from his father’s campaigns,
and wealthy Texans, Bush raised more money than had been
thought possible before that time, $70 million before the ﬁrst
100

primary vote had been cast. A number of prominent
Republicans who had considered running for the nomination,
such as former Tennessee governor Lamar Alexander and
former cabinet secretary Elizabeth Dole, dropped out before
Iowa and New Hampshire, recognizing that they did not have
the ability to compete for resources with the Texas governor.
Observers worried that the effectiveness of the FECA was
destroyed and that big money would once more dominate
presidential politics.

However, those who worried about the move to private funding
necessarily meaning that campaigns would be dominated by those
who could raise money from donors with huge bankrolls were
wrong. Reliance on private wealth, as Forbes did in 1996 and
2000, or reliance on contributions from wealthy individuals, as
Bush did in 2000, were the known means to raise huge sums of
money. Countering that, ﬁrst John McCain, in the 2000 GOP
101

Presidential elections

In part they were right, but in part the ingenuity of fund-raisers for
candidates for presidential nominations adjusted. They are also
right in that money as a resource has become a key element in
presidential nominating contests, in a very different way from what
it was between 1976 and 2000. In the early period, candidates used
qualiﬁcation for federal matching funds as a means of
demonstrating viability of their candidacies. Today, candidates
must make a decision whether they will use the matching fund
route or raise more money on their own, knowing full well that at
least some candidates will raise private money and thus be
permitted to spend more than those running federally funded
campaigns. The decision is both practical and strategic. In a
practical sense, can they raise signiﬁcantly more than the federal
matching sum would give them? In a strategic sense, do they want
to be viewed as someone raising and spending huge sums of
money? To succeed does their campaign need to spend money in
ways prohibited to federally funded candidates, for example,
exceeding the limit imposed in some states?

American political parties and elections

primaries, and then Howard Dean and later John Kerry, in the
run-up to the 2004 Democratic nomination, demonstrated that
the Internet could be used to generate large sums of money in
relatively small donations from hundreds of thousands of
citizens. Candidates must now make decisions regarding
whether their candidacy is the type that would appeal to an
electorate likely to support them in this way.
Beyond the decisions regarding how to fund their campaigns, the
most important strategic decisions by candidates for presidential
nominations and their staffs involve where to campaign and how
much of their effort should be devoted to which states. These
decisions are governed by the resources available, the rules in effect
in each state, the ideology of the candidate and the electorate in
each state, and the calendar.
Candidates with more money can campaign effectively in more
states; candidates with more limited resources—either ﬁnancial or
in terms of staff and organization (which are often functions of
money)—must decide to concentrate their efforts on some states
and to forgo others. Candidates with a wider appeal, especially an
appeal to independents, concentrate their efforts in states with
open primaries; that was John McCain’s strategy in the 2000
Republican race. Those with a more traditional party appeal focus
on caucus states and those with closed primaries; that was the
strategy followed by Al Gore in beating Bill Bradley in the
Democratic party the same year. Candidates who are identiﬁed
with a clear ideology often focus on states in which they feel their
views will be welcomed and sidestep other states; centrist
candidates can appeal more broadly but run the risk of losing to
conservative candidates in some states and to liberals in others.
Finally, because momentum is so important, because the political
calendar is concentrated in the early months of the process, and for
those accepting public money, continued funding is dependent on
results in each set of primaries, candidates must ﬁnd places in
which they can succeed among the early primary and caucus states.
102

Critiquing the nominating process
In looking at these strategic notions, one is struck by a lack of
connection between the variables at play here and those that
make either a good president or, with the possible exception of
appeal to independents, a good general election candidate. And
therein lies the problem in the nominating process and the cause
for criticism.
If one were to design a nominating process from scratch, one
would seek a system that resulted in the choice of two candidates
who had demonstrated the ability to lead the nation and who
showed broad appeal both within the party and to a wider
audience. The current system does little to test the ability or even
the experience of the nominees; it is skewed in favor of those who
do well in Iowa and New Hampshire, two states that are not
103

Presidential elections

9. President George H. W. Bush waves from the back of the train
outside Bowling Green on a whistle-stop campaign trip through Ohio
in September 1992.

American political parties and elections

representative of the nation in demographic terms or in terms of
the issues that are most important, and that are not representative
of either party, in terms of ideology or their party constituents.
Nominees are chosen by relatively few voters (the turnouts in the
presidential primaries, even most of the early ones, are quite low
and in caucuses even lower), with voters in many states—those
selecting convention delegates late in the process—having no
inﬂuence at all. Finally, because the process is so condensed,
because candidates are not tested over an extended period of time
on a range of issues, and because most of this occurs well in
advance of the time when the average citizen is thinking about
presidential politics, citizens are often dissatisﬁed with one or both
of the major party nominees by the time the fall general election
campaign begins.
The parties and the media have noted this problem. But solutions
are difﬁcult to ﬁnd. The Democrats, in the prelude to the 2008
nominating process, have altered the calendar somewhat, adding
more early caucus states to dilute the inﬂuence of Iowa and New
Hampshire, but no one thinks this change is anything but a weak
compromise between those favoring the status quo and those
seeking a fundamental change in the process. With more of the
large states moving their primaries to early February, it is unclear
whether the changes mandated by the national party will have any
positive effect at all.

The 2008 presidential nominations
Recall ﬁgure 5.1. The 2008 presidential nominating contest
most clearly reﬂects that of 1988, when the incumbent was
leaving ofﬁce and when neither party had a presumptive
nominee. For the Republicans, Vice President George H. W. Bush
was the front-runner, but no one predicted an easy path to
nomination, as he had not cemented support among party
conservatives. Among his well-known challengers were Kansas
senator Bob Dole, Delaware governor Pete duPont, former
secretary of state Alexander M. Haig, former congressman
104

and cabinet secretary Jack Kemp, and evangelical leader Pat
Robertson.
For the Democrats, the ﬁeld was even more scattered. Candidates
thought to be front-runners, like New York governor Mario
Cuomo, decided not to run at all. Those who entered primaries
included Arizona governor Bruce Babbitt, Massachusetts governor
Mike Dukakis, House majority leader Dick Gephardt from
Missouri, Tennessee senator Al Gore, former Colorado senator and
1984 candidate for the nomination Gary W. Hart, civil rights
leader Jesse Jackson, and Ohio congressman Jim Traﬁcant, a
group derided in the press as the Seven Dwarfs.

In the Democratic party, for instance, will any contender be able to
match the organization (much of it inherited from her husband’s
campaign) or the money that New York senator Hillary Clinton can
raise? Will Senator Barack Obama’s celebrity status sustain his
candidacy through the period before the ﬁrst votes are cast? Will one
of the other candidates be able to distinguish himself from the ﬁeld
seeking to derail the momentum that Clinton and Obama mounted a
full year before the ﬁrst caucuses and primaries? In the Republican
party, will ideological splits serve to separate serious contenders from
also-rans? Will John McCain and former New York mayor Rudolph
Giuliani be able to shed their party maverick images and appeal to
party stalwarts, or will one of the more traditional Republican
contenders emerge as an alternative to their candidacies?
105

Presidential elections

The two nominations were not decided until the ﬁeld was
winnowed down to a smaller number of true contenders. And in
all likelihood, the situation in 2008 will be similar, with large
ﬁelds of candidates at the start and a winnowing process before
the nominations are determined. What is far from clear,
however, is how the winnowing process will occur and what the
key factors will be—money, organizational support, polling data,
or primary and caucus results, especially in a context in which
the early contests happen so closely one upon another.

The general election campaign

American political parties and elections

The concern expressed in the late fall of 2000, when the result of the
presidential election was still in limbo, was multifaceted. Surely,
American citizens—and those viewing the process throughout the
world—were concerned because the outcome was in doubt;
Americans did not know who the leader of the most powerful nation
in the world would be. In part, perhaps this was exacerbated because
neither of the two contenders had generated much enthusiasm
among the electorate; the world was waiting anxiously to see which
of two candidates would become president.
In part, concern was expressed because of the process of the
recount. Should the American presidency really be decided by
how some unelected judges interpret voter intentions on ﬂawed
ballots? No one had heard of a ‘‘hanging chad’’ before November
2000. No one knew who the election ofﬁcials who were making
these decisions were. In the past, no one cared, but given the
tightness of the race, the results were crucial.16

The Electoral College
But mostly the concern centered on the process itself, the unique
but rarely understood institution of the Electoral College. The
average American knows that the Electoral College system exists
but not how it works. Americans hold that majority rule is a good
thing; few understand that a majority (or even a plurality) of the
voters might not elect a president.
The technical workings of the Electoral College are quite simple.
Each state is allotted a number of electoral votes equal to the number
of representatives it has in the House of Representatives plus the
number of senators (two in each case) (see chapter 1). Each state
determines how its electors will be chosen, with the stipulation that
no elector may hold any other ofﬁce of trust under the Constitution.17
In forty-eight of the ﬁfty states and in the District of Columbia, the
106

electors pledged to the candidates for president and vice president
who receive a plurality of the popular votes in the general election are
elected and cast their votes accordingly.18 Presidents like George W.
Bush can be elected even though another candidate wins a plurality
of the nationwide popular vote if one candidate (e.g., Bush in 2000)
wins some of his states by narrow margins (e.g., Florida by 537 votes,
New Hampshire by 7,211 votes) while the opponent wins his states
roughly comparable in terms of electoral votes by wide margins
(Gore, in Rhode Island by 118,953, in Illinois by 569,605 votes).

Alternatives to the Electoral College system

Faithless electors
Nine electors have cast votes for presidential candidates other than
the person to whom they were pledged since 1948. Some of these
have apparently voted in error, as in the unnamed Kerry elector
from Minnesota, who voted for Kerry’s running mate, John
Edwards, instead, apparently mixing up his ‘‘Johns.’’ Others, like
D.C.’s Gore delegate, Barbara Lett-Simmons, who left her ballot
blank in 2000, and thus broke faith with the electorate, as a protest
of D.C.’s ‘‘colonial’’ status—without representation in Congress.
107

Presidential elections

A number of alternatives have been proposed to the Electoral
College system. The most obvious alternative would be to switch to
a system of direct election of the president, simply counting the
votes cast nationwide. Others claim that the best system would be a
system in which the slight advantage to the small states given by
awarding them electors for their two senators was maintained, but
the electoral votes should be awarded proportionally, reﬂecting the
popular vote in the state. Still others feel that the system in place in
Maine and Nebraska, the district plan, should be implemented
nationally. Some claim that the system should stay in place, but
that the elector votes should be cast automatically, ridding the
system of the problem of the faithless elector.

American political parties and elections

Numerous variations of each of these alternatives have been
proposed. They all reﬂect dissatisfaction with the system that
currently exists and often an estimate of the most radical reform
that could be adopted. The direct election of the president most
closely resembles the democratic ideal. Whoever receives the most
votes wins the election. Just like in most other elections in this
country. That sounds simple enough.
But what if three or four major candidates were running for
president? Some claim that the Electoral College system, with its
winner-take-all feature, especially when combined with singlemember district, plurality winners in almost all legislative seats in
the country, discourages serious third parties from forming. If the
Electoral College system were eliminated, these analysts reason,
additional parties might form, and votes might be spread more or
less evenly among a number of candidates. Should someone be
elected president with only 30 or 35 percent of the vote? Would it
be wise to have a system in which a president is elected with far
more than a majority voting against him or her? It is one thing to
have legislators, one member in a body of 100 or 435, be elected
with only a plurality; it is quite another to choose the leader of the
most powerful nation in the world that way.
Some claim that the system should be a direct popular vote, with a
runoff if no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast.19 Others
say that there should be a runoff if no candidate receives more than
a super plurality, say 45 percent. Those systems would still meet the
democratic value of each vote counting, but they would also deal
with the problem of minority rulers. Each of these systems might
well lead to frequent runoffs in a reconstituted party system.20
Would that kind of uncertainty be an improvement over the current
system, which has had the advantage in nearly all cases of reaching a
decisive result in a relatively short time?21
These philosophical questions are not easy to resolve, but
even if consensus could be reached, political realities argue
108

against a shift to direct election. First, on a very practical level,
the kinds of ballot counting issues that appeared in 2000
frighten many politicians. Put simply, they do not trust those in the
other party in areas in which their opponents dominate. Stories
abound of attempts to steal elections. Many still claim that the
only reason Richard Nixon did not challenge the results in
Illinois in the very close election of 1960 is that the Republicans
stole as many votes in downstate Illinois as the Democrats stole
in the Chicago area. These tales may be apocryphal, but they are
believed by enough politicians to give pause about going to
direct election. Each state’s ofﬁcials feel they can keep tabs on
what happens in their area, but they worry about the
opportunity for fraud as the electorate expands.

Finally, some small states would resist change. On the one
hand, one could argue that small states have so few electoral
votes that no one cares about them. After all, Wyoming and
the other of the smallest states have only three electors; even
midsized states like Connecticut, Iowa, Oklahoma, or Oregon have
only seven; their numerical inﬂuence pales compared to the
ﬁfty-ﬁve for California, thirty-four for New York, or thirty-one for
Texas. What difference do the two extra electoral votes that each
state automatically receives make when the gap is so large?
But, on the other hand, closely contested small states in close
elections receive much more attention than they otherwise
would. Their representatives want to keep the small advantage
that they have.
109

Presidential elections

Minority voters are adamantly opposed to reform of the Electoral
College system. African Americans and Hispanics each make up
approximately 10 percent of the American electorate, but those
citizens are not spread evenly throughout the nation. While a 10
percent voting bloc might not get much attention in a national
election, if it is concentrated in certain important areas, where it
can make the difference between winning a state’s electoral votes
or losing them, that inﬂuence is enhanced.

American political parties and elections

Strategic Considerations because of the Electoral
College system
If the average citizen is not aware of the implications of the
Electoral College system, every campaign strategist certainly is.
Presidential campaigns do not look for every last popular vote;
they look for the magic number of electoral votes—270. On
election night 2000, as the Florida electoral votes were ﬁrst
thought to be in the Gore column, then the Bush column, then in
limbo, television viewers saw how campaign strategists think.
Analysts like NBC News Washington bureau chief Tim Russert
plotted the course of the election: ‘‘If Vice President Gore does not
win Florida, then he has to pick up [a variety of combinations of
states still too close to call] to reach the magic 270.’’ Those are the
calculations campaign managers make.
They start with their base, the states they know they will win or at
least that they cannot afford to lose if they are going to win
the election. For the Democrats those are the New England
states, New York, and California; for the Republicans, the
heartland, Bible Belt states, and much of the South. They know
that it will take only a minimal effort to secure their base and
that no effort, no matter how valiant, will dent the base of the
other party. The strategy follows naturally; do not invest many
resources in either of these sets of states; the result is essentially
predetermined.
Then the real fun begins. Which states are truly ‘‘in play’’? Which
states might you win with a maximum effort? How many electoral
votes do they hold? How many of those states must be won to reach
the magic 270, a majority of the Electoral College? Of course, the
two campaigns are running on parallel tracks. If the Democrats go
after New Hampshire, then the Republicans must make a
decision—how much is it worth to them to defend that state? If the
Republicans make a pitch for West Virginia, how will the
Democrats respond? Judgments are checked and rechecked
110

throughout the campaign. Both camps poll in the pivotal states. If
the polls are tightening, they invest more resources. If they are
pulling away or falling behind, they adjust accordingly.

What are the strategic implications of concentrating on such few
states? Americans who lived in the battleground states in 2000 and
2004 were overwhelmed by visits to their states by the presidential
candidates, their running mates, their wives, and other
surrogates. Americans living in the other thirty-ﬁve states rarely
had campaign visits.22 Television viewers in the battleground
states could hardly turn on their sets without seeing campaign ads
sponsored by the two candidates, their parties, or other
organizations supporting them. Viewers in other states rarely saw a
presidential campaign commercial. Polling data revealed that
interest was higher in the battleground states and that voter
knowledge of and opinion about the issues and candidates was
higher; and on election day, turnout was higher as well.
Were the Electoral College system not in place, candidate
strategies would be different. Candidates would concentrate on
major media markets, because they could reach most voters in
that way. They would concentrate on areas of their strength,
111

Presidential elections

In the two most recent elections, by early fall the two parties had
reached the same conclusions about which states were seen as true
contests: the battleground states. In each election, the battle was
fought in approximately ﬁfteen states. Closely divided states in one
election tend to be closely divided in the next. Florida, Iowa,
Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin were among the battleground states
in both 2000 and 2004; these states have 123 electoral votes
among them. If one looks at the states in the two parties’ bases, the
Democrats are about 80 electoral votes short of 270; the
Republicans, 50. Each side understands that it needs to
concentrate its effort in these pivotal states and in the few others
that become competitive in any particular election.

American political parties and elections

because turnout of supporters would be important. Intriguingly,
they would not concentrate on states or on areas in which the
vote was likely to be close; they would be afraid of drawing their
opponent’s supporters to the polls. If one won a state by 5,000
votes or lost it by the same margin, it would mean less than
attracting an additional 15,000 voters in a state you were
already going to win in a landslide.
Is one system better than the other in terms of optimizing the linkage
between voters and the government? In a macro sense, no answer
is apparent. It is clear that the current system favors those states
in which the election is likely to be close; candidates spend time
and resources there and, one could argue, incumbent candidates
seek support in those states by directing favorable actions their
way while in ofﬁce. It is equally clear that a system with direct
election of the president would favor citizens in larger cities—and
such a system would also favor citizens in a state that leaned in
the direction of an incumbent’s party, because he would curry
favor in order to improve turnout. In politics, where one stands on
a policy controversy is often determined by where one sits. Reformers
will continue to agitate over the Electoral College system, but
major reforms in American politics only come on the heels of
demonstrated problems that strike the public consciousness. If the
2000 result did not lead to Electoral College reform, it is unlikely
that any change is on the horizon.

Funding presidential campaigns
During the 2000 and 2004 presidential campaigns, political
journalists and reformers were more concerned about how
these races were funded than about how the votes were counted
or tabulated. The Federal Election Campaign Act established a
system of full public funding for presidential campaigns; the two
major parties receive the same amount of money ($74.6 million
in 2004); minor parties receive funds in proportion to the vote
they received in the previous election, once a minimum
threshold of 5 percent of the vote was reached.
112

Right from the start, however, the national parties found
ways around the law. A reform effort, spearheaded by Senators
McCain (R-AZ) and Feingold (D-WI) began in 1995. Their principle
goal was to eliminate so-called soft money—money spent on politics
but not regulated and largely not reported. Soft money and money
spent by so-called issue advocacy groups, groups that avoided
campaign restrictions by saying they were supporting a particular
policy position, while in essence they were supporting or opposing
speciﬁc candidates, dominated the political landscape. The goals of
FECA were laudable, but gaping loopholes led to a system of politics
dominated by big-money donors.23

The 2004 elections were the ﬁrst run under the limits imposed by
BCRA. A number of lessons were quickly learned—or perhaps
relearned for those who have followed campaign ﬁnance reform
for some time. First, those seeking to inﬂuence the political
process through spending money will ﬁnd a way to do so.
Political activists found a loophole in the Internal Revenue
Service code that allowed them to establish groups, so-called 527
113

Presidential elections

The 2000 campaigns highlighted the problems with the functioning
of FECA. Because Senator McCain was a lead character in the
nominating process in that year, and because he stressed campaign
ﬁnance reform as one of his key issues, he was in a prime position to
push through a reform package that had ﬂoundered for ﬁve years.
The McCain-Feingold bill, passed as the Bipartisan Campaign
Reform Act of 2002 (BCRA), addressed many of his concerns.
National parties were restricted from accepting soft money; to offset
this restriction somewhat, hard-money limits were raised. Limits
were placed on organizations that mentioned federal candidates in
their advertisements. Opponents’ arguments that the law
unconstitutionally limited free speech rights of those seeking
involvement in the process were rejected by the Supreme Court
in McConnell v. Federal Election Commission, 540 U.S. 93 (2003).
Arguments that the reforms would sound the death knell for parties
fell on deaf ears.

American political parties and elections

groups, named for the section of the code that described them,
that could spend huge sums of money to inﬂuence the election.24
Groups such as the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, which
supported President Bush, and America Coming Together
(ACT), which supported Senator Kerry, spent more money in
battleground states than either of the two candidates’
campaign committees.
The second lesson learned is that parties are, in fact, resilient
institutions. The two national parties did have less soft money
to spend on campaigning. They responded by raising more hard
money, reaching the level in hard money that they had spent in
the total of hard and soft money in 1996. And they spent that money
more strategically than they had in the past, concentrating their
efforts heavily in the battleground states and thus remaining
extremely important in the overall campaign strategy.
Senators McCain and Feingold and their allies renewed their
reform efforts after the election, demonstrating the positive impact
of BCRA and seeking to close the loophole exposed by the 527s.
Reform legislation may well pass, but those seeking to inﬂuence
politics through spending money on campaigns will be poised to
ﬁnd new ways to work their will.

Summary: A view toward the 2008
presidential election
What can we know about the 2008 presidential election, some
time before the details of the contest have been revealed? What
can we know about the process through which George W. Bush’s
successor will be chosen?
Perhaps the most obvious point is that little in the process has
changed since that much criticized election of 2000. The election
will be dominated by the two major national political parties;
minor parties or independent candidates will play little or no role.
114

Once the nominees are chosen and the fall campaign begins in
earnest, another set of factors come into play. The contest will be
fought in a relatively small number of states. While the campaigns
will each discuss a wide variety of issues, the most important
appeals will be on a small number of concerns that divide the
candidates—and the voters in battleground states. Debates will be
held between the candidates, but we have no guarantee of whether
substantive differences between the candidates will be revealed in
these debates. However, whether based on substance or style, on
overall impression or one reached because of a momentary lapse,
the public will form opinions based on these debates.
115

Presidential elections

The nominees of the parties will be chosen through a process that
confuses most of the electorate at a time when few citizens are
focusing on presidential politics. The timing of the process will be
such to guarantee that some states, notably Iowa and New
Hampshire, will have inﬂuence far disproportional to either the
size of their populations or the extent to which those populations are
representative of the nation as a whole. The vagaries of the primary
and caucus calendar will create a situation in which some additional
states have a good deal of inﬂuence and others, none at all. Very few
citizens will participate in the nominating process, but those who
do—not formal leaders of party organizations—will be most
inﬂuential in choosing the nominees. The ability to raise money will
be a critical factor in narrowing each party’s ﬁeld to a small number
who will eventually have real shots at the nomination. And ﬁnally, if
history is any guide at all, the ability to govern will be much less
important than will be other factors such as the ability to appeal to
the electorate on television or the extent to which the candidate
ﬁnds the correct nuance in expressing his or her position on
controversial and salient issues, a subset often different from issues
vital to the national interest. We can also be quite certain that the
nominees will be exposed to relentless attacks based on their records
in ofﬁce, their public statements, and perhaps their personal lives
and those of their families—and that in at least some cases, these
attacks will be unfair, irrelevant, and still decisive.

American political parties and elections

10. Moderator Jim Lehrer and George W. Bush listen to Democratic
candidate Al Gore as he answers a question during the presidential
debate in Wait Chapel at Wake Forest University in October 2000.

A great deal of money will be spent in the general election. We know
that the two parties will receive tens of millions from public funding.
What we do not know is if the candidates will accept money or run
using private funds, thus avoiding any limitation on spending. We
know that the national political parties and others will contribute as
well; but we do not know how they will do so, how much they will
spend, and what effect that spending will have.
Finally, we know with some certainty that, at most, slightly over half
of the eligible voters will cast a ballot, hardly an overwhelming
endorsement considering that on average around 75 percent of the
eligible voters cast exercise the franchise in most modernized
democracies, even excluding those with compulsory voting. While
citizens in the United States point to their democracy with pride,
while the president assiduously works to export American
democracy, clearly some aspects of the system fail to reach the ideal
to which a truly effective democracy should strive.
116

Chapter 6
Subnational nominations
and elections

In April 2004, more than six months before the national elections,
Amy Walter, senior editor of the Cook Political Report, projected
sure winners in 368 of the 435 races for the House of
Representatives; she was right on all of them. She felt that ‘‘likely’’
winners were apparent in an additional thirty seats and that
twenty-three other seats ‘‘leaned’’ one way or the other; her early
judgment was altered by campaigns or events in only two of those
ﬁfty-three seats. Months before the average citizen began to focus
on upcoming elections, Walter correctly identiﬁed winners in
419 of the 435 House races. Only sixteen districts featured races
that Walter felt were too competitive to identify a favorite—again,
six months before the votes were cast.
Few Americans know how little electoral competition exists in
their vaunted democracy. Elections to the House of
Representatives stand as a stark example. By almost any
measure—incumbents defeated, margins of victory, number of
uncontested elections—the 2002 and 2004 congressional elections
were among the least competitive in history. One has to go back
more than a decade to ﬁnd an election in which fewer than
98 percent of the House incumbents seeking reelection have
done so successfully. Even in the Democratic sweep in 2006,
approximately 95 percent of the incumbents seeking reelection
were successful in their campaigns. More than 90 percent of
117

American political parties and elections

the races in that period have been won by margins of more than
10 percent; in 2004, only 5 of the 435 House races were decided
by less than 5 percent of the vote, only 13 more by less than
10 percent. Nearly 15 percent of the 435 ‘‘races’’ in 2004
and 10 percent in 2006 were uncontested. One might think that
primary elections provided competition in districts with a strong
partisan bias, but over 70 percent of the incumbents seeking
reelection faced no primary opposition.
In this chapter we examine how candidates are selected to run for
ofﬁce below the level of the presidency, and then in general election
campaigns. We will explore the implications of the system of
single-member districts with plurality winners outlined in chapter
1, of the ways in which electoral districts are drawn, of the way in
which elections are ﬁnanced, and of the ways in which campaigns
are contested.
Most examples will be drawn from elections to the U.S. House of
Representatives. As a general rule, nominations and elections for
state governor and U.S. senator are more competitive than those
for the House; contests for state legislature and local ofﬁce, less
competitive. The general principles are that the more the
nomination is worth (in terms of likelihood of subsequent
election), the more it is likely to be contested or even hotly
contested, and the more inﬂuence that an ofﬁce has, and the
less dominated by one party a district is, the more likely one is
to ﬁnd competition in the general election.

The nominating process
When Connecticut senator Joseph Lieberman lost the Democratic
nomination to seek reelection in August 2006, casual observers
were surprised and confused. How could he have won the
convention nomination but then lost a primary? However, as should
surprise no reader of this book by this time, the variations within
that norm provide for signiﬁcant differences among the states.
118

The formal nominating process for the Democratic and
Republican parties is quite simple to understand. The norm is
for there to be a primary election in which the party selects its
nominee.1 But state nominating processes vary in:
.

Who may vote

.
.

Who may run
What role the party organizations play in the process

.

How much competition is likely

.

What it takes to win the nomination.

Who may vote

Some states (e.g., Connecticut, Oklahoma, and Nevada) have
formal processes for enrollment in a party, party lists
maintained by public ofﬁcials, public access to party
membership, and restrictions prohibiting changing party
afﬁliation after the ﬁling date for candidates for ofﬁce. Another
group of states (e.g., Massachusetts, South Dakota, and
Arizona) have formal enrollment processes but are more
ﬂexible regarding when a voter can change party registration,
with some (such as Ohio) allowing switches on primary voting
day. These states also vary in terms of whether and when they
allow those not enrolled in a party to enroll in one of the
parties for the purpose of voting in primary elections.2 Finally,
another group of states (e.g., Tennessee, Illinois, and Missouri)
require voters to declare party afﬁliation on primary day, but
119

Subnational nominations and elections

As with presidential nominations, the question revolves around
the role of party membership and whether elections are open to
all voters or closed, meaning that only party members may vote.
The deﬁnitions of party members are crucial here. Nowhere in
the United States does the term ‘‘party member,’’ as used for the
purposes of determining who may vote, refer to formal,
dues-paying members. That concept of choosing to be a member
of a party is alien to most Americans. Even within this looser
conception of party, important variations remain.

American political parties and elections

no public record is kept of these choices. In all, thirty-nine
states have some form of closed primary, although the
variations noted above show how misleading this classiﬁcation
can be.
A very thin line separates the last group of closed primary
states from the open primary states (e.g., Vermont, Wisconsin,
and Hawaii), meaning those states that permit voters to choose
among party ballots within the secrecy of the voting booth. In
recent years three states have tried to take party afﬁliation out of
the primary process, oxymoronic as that seems. Alaska, California,
and Washington State instituted what is known as a ‘‘blanket
primary’’; voters, in the privacy of the voting booth, cast one vote
for each ofﬁce, but they may vote for a Democrat for some ofﬁces
and a Republican for others. The Democrat and the Republican
receiving the highest totals then compete in the general election.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled this practice unconstitutional in
the case of California Democratic Party v. Jones, 530 U.S. 567
(2000), but Washington and Alaska are still exploring ways
around this ruling for state ofﬁces.
The importance of who may vote is strategic. Party leaders
feel that a closed system is more likely to lead to more loyal
followers of the party platform as the nominee than is an open
system. The two major parties in California came together to
oppose the blanket primary, demonstrating how this ultimate
step toward opening the system undermined efforts at party
unity.

Who may run
States vary on two questions with regard to who may run in a
party’s primary. The more basic question involves party
membership: states differ in how they deﬁne the allegiance a
perspective candidate must have demonstrated to a party. The
principle is clear—Republicans run for the Republican
nomination, and Democrats for the Democratic nomination.3
120

A quick reaction is that easier requirements are more democratic;
after all, no one is kept off of the ballot by bureaucratic
restrictions. And many support that view. However, if anyone
can run for ofﬁce, many people often do just that. If many
names appear on the ballot for the same ofﬁce, the electorate can
have a difﬁcult time distinguishing among them—and
separating those who have a serious chance from more frivolous
candidates. Because elections are often determined by plurality
vote, a crowded ﬁeld often means a winner with relatively little
support. Relatively unsuccessful candidates might draw votes
disproportionately from a losing serious candidate, thus affecting
the primary outcome. Is that indeed more democratic?

The role of party organization in the nominating process
As noted earlier, one of the basic roles of a political party is to
guarantee that electoral contests exist. Political parties recruit
candidates for ofﬁce. But should they be able to determine which
candidate runs under their label if more than one candidate
chooses to do so? If party leaders recruit a candidate, should they
have the power (or the authority) to ‘‘de-recruit’’ others seeking
121

Subnational nominations and elections

The second issue concerns how one qualiﬁes for the ballot. In a few
states political party committees control or at least can grant access
to the ballot. In most states, however, candidates get on the ballot
through obtaining signatures on a nominating petition. The
important questions relate to who may sign the petitions and how
many signatures are required. More difﬁcult requirements—large
numbers of signatures, only from party members, dispersed
geographically throughout the constituency—mean that only
candidates with their own well-developed political organization or
candidates backed by an existing organization, like the political
party, can get on the ballot. Easier requirements—relatively few
signatures, from anyone, living anywhere—make it easier for
amateur candidates to run in a primary. More difﬁcult petition
requirements or an increased role for the party organization means
that more traditional candidates are likely to run.

American political parties and elections

the nomination? If party leaders think one candidate has a
much better chance of winning the general election than another,
should they be able to campaign actively—either personally or
as an organization—for their preferred candidate?
Those who favor strong political parties and see them as central to
an effectively functioning democracy would answer those
questions afﬁrmatively. Those who think that political parties
corrupt the democratic process would answer them in the negative.
Party history in the various states has varied tremendously; that
is why some states have closed party systems and some are more
open. Similarly, the historical strength of party organizations in
various states has determined the modern role that they play in
the nominating process.
At one extreme are the states in which parties play an important or
even a determining role in nominations. In Utah, if a candidate
receives 70 percent of the vote at a state party’s convention, that
candidate is nominated; if no one receives the 70 percent, the
primary is held between the top two ﬁnishers at the convention.
In Connecticut, for many ofﬁces, the party choice is the nominee
unless she or he is challenged by someone else, either a candidate
receiving 20 percent of the convention or caucus vote, or a
candidate ﬁling a petition with a signiﬁcant number of signatures.
That is how Ned Lamont, who beat Joe Lieberman, got on the
ballot; Lieberman won the convention endorsement but lost the
primary election. Such successful challenges are rare. Indeed, since
1996, in Connecticut, fewer than 10 percent of the party-endorsed
candidates for Congress have faced any primary at all. In other
states, the candidate winning the party convention is guaranteed a
spot on the primary ballot (and in some cases the top spot), while
other candidates must ﬁle petitions.
An intermediate position in terms of the role of party is found
in states in which party does not play a formal role in the process
but rather plays an informal yet still inﬂuential role. The
122

quintessential example of this would be inﬂuence of the Cook
County Democratic Party in Chicago, Illinois. The endorsement
of the Daley organization, run by two generations of mayors of
Chicago, has been tantamount to nomination for nearly half a
century, except for brief ﬂurries of activity by reform elements.
Recently the Arizona Democratic Party has experimented with
a new type of inﬂuence, certifying candidates, at times more than
one in the same race, whom they perceive to be credible in the
general election—and by implication de-certifying those who do
not receive their approval.

The amount of competition
Not surprisingly, competition for party nominations varies
tremendously around the country. The variables that determine
whether or not there will be primary competition are easily
identiﬁed: partisanship of the district; importance of the ofﬁce;
presence or absence of a strong incumbent; and strength of the
party organization.
In heavily Republican areas, the GOP (Grand Old Party) nomination
is more valued (because it is more likely to lead to victory in the
general election) and more competition ensues. But the Democratic
nominations in those areas are less frequently contested. The
opposite, of course, is true in heavily Democratic areas.
Nominations for local ofﬁce and state legislature are more likely
123

Subnational nominations and elections

At the other extreme in terms of party inﬂuence are those states
that are prohibited from choosing among primary candidates. In
some states, party rules prohibit the organization from choosing
among candidates; in others, party ofﬁcers as well as the
organization must stay neutral. Party ofﬁcials in these states can
ﬁnd themselves in a difﬁcult position. If they recruit a candidate
and that candidate then draws an opponent, they cannot assist
the candidate they encouraged to run. However, if they do not
recruit a candidate, and no one chooses to run for a particular
ofﬁce, they have failed to do their job appropriately.

American political parties and elections

to be awarded without contest than those for governor or U.S.
senator. In fact, for the more local ofﬁces, the role of party is often to
ﬁnd someone who will run and serve if elected. If a powerful
incumbent is seeking reelection, competition in his or her party
is extremely unlikely, and competition in the other party is quite
unlikely. Finally, strong party organizations normally ﬁll the ballot
and discourage challenges to their candidates; weaker party
organizations are more likely to have ballot positions unﬁlled
and competition for the more valued positions.
As noted above, 70 percent of all incumbents running for
reelection to the House of Representatives have been renominated
without opposition in recent years. Very few of the others have
faced serious challenges. And, except in the years following
redistricting (when two incumbents might be placed in the same
district), very few lose nomination challenges—fewer than ﬁve
in every cycle except those immediately after redistricting for the
last three decades. Competition for nominations to oppose
incumbents is more common; the most likely context in which
primaries will be contested is for open seats, particularly in a
party that dominates a district. In those cases winning the
nomination is more likely to lead to success in the general election.

Who wins the nomination
In the vast majority of states, primary winners are determined
by plurality rule, the candidate with the most votes wins. Clearly,
this rule is nonproblematic in uncontested primaries or in those
with only two candidates running. However, in states with low
ballot-access thresholds, valuable nominations are often
contested by more than two candidates. In those cases, nomination
by plurality can result in the general election candidacy of
a candidate who would not have been the choice of the majority.
Nine states require a majority of the vote for nomination,
with runoffs between the top two ﬁnishers if no one achieves a
majority on the ﬁrst vote. Runoff primaries were instituted in the
124

South during the period when only the Democratic candidates
had any chance in the general election. Essentially the primaries
determined the winner. In the modern era, with Republicans
dominant in many regions in the South, some African American
politicians claim that runoff primaries work against their interest;
the argument was put forth with great rhetorical ﬂourish by
Jesse Jackson two decades ago, citing one notable example.
However, the historical experience has shown that the runoff
assures a candidate with widespread support and has not had a
deleterious effect on the candidacy of African Americans over time.

A pragmatic view of the nominating process

In all too many cases, if one espouses basic democratic values, no
one comes forth to run, and party leaders are generally unsuccessful
at recruiting candidates. In those cases, if an incumbent is
seeking reelection, he or she serves another term without the
electorate making any evaluation of previous service. If no
incumbent is running, the electorate is faced with no choice as to
who will govern. While it is rare for a governor or a U.S. senator
to be elected or reelected without any opposition, it happens with
alarming regularity for other ofﬁces—about 15 percent of the
time for U.S. House races in recent years; an average of more
than 30 percent of the time for state legislative races.
Nominations go begging for a variety of reasons. First and
foremost is that potential candidates do not think that they can
125

Subnational nominations and elections

While it is important to understand the nominating process
and how variations in the process lead to different results, it is
also important not to lose the forest for the trees. Except for
nominations for open seats—for important ofﬁces in a party
whose candidates have a legitimate chance of winning—very few
primaries in the United States are hotly contested. In most cases
only one candidate seeks a party’s nomination for an ofﬁce.
Some of those candidates are self-starters; others are recruited
by party leaders.

American political parties and elections

win because of such factors as the power of incumbency, partisan
redistricting, and the cost of elections. We will address these
factors in the following section on general elections. Beyond
that, potential candidates do not emerge because parties are
often too weak to provide enough encouragement. When party
organizations identify strong potential candidates and encourage
them to run, they often do so. Strong potential candidates who
do not run have said that lack of an effective party support network
is one deterrent. In addition, strong potential candidates do
not run because they simply are not interested in campaigning
or serving—because they prefer the position they currently hold,
because they do not like the process of running, because they
feel that the personal and professional costs of service would
exceed the personal and professional gains, or for a combination
of these reasons.

General elections
The reason to study how elections function is to determine if
they contribute to effective democracy. Studies of voting behavior
in the United States focus on presidential voting; while analysts
differ in their interpretations, a consensus has emerged that
party afﬁliation and an evaluation of the performance of the
president are important factors in determining how citizens vote.
One could argue that reliance on evaluations of factors such as
those is consistent with democratic values. Does the same hold
true for elections below the level of the presidency?

Gubernatorial and senatorial elections
Dividing subnational elections between those for more and less
salient ofﬁces is useful. The news media—and thus the
public—concentrate on a few, highly visible elections. Campaigns
in many of these races are ﬁercely fought and tightly contested.
Most other races, however, feature little campaigning and much
less electoral competition.
126

At the state level, gubernatorial elections, held in nonpresidential
election years in forty-one states, gain the most attention. In 2006
thirty-six governorships were on the ballot.4 In twenty-seven of
those cases, incumbents sought reelection; all of them faced
challengers. Most of the challengers were serious candidates, able
to raise money and take their campaign message to the public.
Eight of the incumbents were involved in hard-fought campaigns,
against opponents with impressive political credentials and
campaign war chests that guaranteed extensive media
campaigns—U.S. representatives, former governors who had given
up ofﬁce earlier because of term limits, statewide elected ofﬁcials.

Gubernatorial races tend to be decided on state issues; citizens
evaluate their governors as executives and judge how well they
have run the state since the last election. Elections to the
U.S. senate tend to focus on national issues. In 2006 thirty-three
states held elections for one of their seats in the U.S. senate.
Because Republican political fortunes were waning nationally
as the election year approached, Democrats hoped to recapture
partisan control of the body. Before the beginning of the election
year, four senators (two Democrats, one Republican, and the
independent Jeffords) announced their retirements. Of the
twenty-nine incumbents seeking reelection, months before
the election nineteen appeared to be totally secure (though
the seemingly secure race in Virginia turned competitive
127

Subnational nominations and elections

Nine other gubernatorial races were in open seats, two vacated by
incumbents not choosing to seek reelection and seven by
incumbents prohibited from doing so because of term limits.5
Eight of those nine races were competitive, with strong candidates
running for each party. Throughout the fall, each campaign
worked to get its message to the electorate, messages based on
evaluations of the previous incumbent and promises for the
years ahead. Open seat races tend to be competitive, with the
electorate presented with a meaningful choice. Six governorships
changed party hands in 2006.

American political parties and elections

and then into a loss because of a series of campaign gaffes by
the incumbent George Allen). Intense competition was found in the
four open seats and in ten of the seats held by incumbents (ﬁve by
Democrats and ﬁve by Republicans). Literally millions of dollars
were poured into these races. The candidates for both parties in the
open seats and challenging the incumbents in the others were
experienced politicians, with many surrendering other important
positions to run for the Senate. In November six seats changed party
hands as the Democrats reclaimed the majority.
What can one conclude about these elections for important public
ofﬁce? First, in many cases, strong candidates were nominated
in both parties, they received substantial ﬁnancial backing, and
they ran aggressive campaigns. Citizens casting votes in those
races had the opportunity to be informed and to choose who
should represent them on a rational basis. This kind of effective
campaigning was evident in the 2006 elections in about thirty
states, in races either for governor or for U.S. senator or for both.
However, in the other twenty states, including four that had
contests for both ofﬁces, incumbents were reelected without
serious competition. One might think that this lack of competition
was caused by a strong partisan bias in the state; that in fact was
the case in heavily Republican Texas, where Governor Rick
Perry and Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison were each reelected
easily. But it was not the case in other states, as in Wyoming
with a Democratic governor and Republican senators. In these
cases the power of incumbency and personal organization, not
partisanship, deterred potentially strong candidates. And, in
these cases, citizens dissatisﬁed with performance had little
opportunity for effective opposition.

Congressional and state legislative elections
Fair Vote—the Center for Voting and Democracy is a
reform-minded nongovernmental organization (NGO) with the
goal of improving voter turnout and fair elections. Active since
128

1992, the group has focused a good deal of attention on races for
the House of Representatives, the branch of American government
designed by the founding generation to be closest to the people.
Fair Vote’s report on House elections is aptly named ‘‘Dubious
Democracy.’’

Why are incumbents seemingly invulnerable? Many factors
contribute to incumbent safety: their ability to ingratiate themselves
to their constituents, largely through perquisites available to all
House members; their ability to raise money, particularly from
interest groups whose positions they favor; the skill of those who
draw district lines to favor one party or the other; and personal
organizations and campaign skills, honed in the ﬁrst successful race
for the House and reﬁned in each subsequent election.
Are high incumbent reelection rates a problem—recognizing that
state legislators are reelected at rates as high as congressmen, with
many fewer facing any opposition at all? Some argue that if citizens
cared enough about replacing an incumbent, they would do so.
After all, in 1994 the Republicans gained control of the House after
decades of Democratic rule, beating thirty-four Democratic
incumbents and picking up ﬁfty-four seats; and many additional
Democrats retired rather than face difﬁcult campaigns. In 2006
Democratic challengers beat more than twenty incumbent
Republicans as party control switched again.
129

Subnational nominations and elections

Little competition exists for House seats. In election after election
over the past three decades, including the 2006 election, over 90
percent of the incumbents seeking reelection have done
so successfully. Few of those face serious opposition; many face
no opponent at all—in the primary or in the general election.
Potentially strong candidates who might be interested in running
for the House typically wait for a seat to become open before
they enter a race. As a result, incumbents face weaker candidates
who do not have the ability to raise money and thus cannot
carry their message to the electorate.

Those counterexamples are important but must be examined with
perspective. American democracy is based on the premise
that citizens should have the ability to express their support for
or opposition to the policies of the government at frequent
intervals. While the appearance of democracy remains intact,
exercising that right is difﬁcult. That conclusion holds whether
one looks at the district level or at the national level.

American political parties and elections

In 2006 Republicans in Congress were reeling under a series
of scandals; majority leader Tom DeLay resigned his post while
under indictment in his home state of Texas, and he and many
of his GOP colleagues were caught in the web of super-lobbyist
Jack Abramoff’s illegal schemes and payoffs.
The Democrats clamored for lobbying reform and wholesale
repudiation of their partisan opponents, seeking to do to the
Republicans what the Republicans had done to them a dozen
years earlier. But the problem for the Democrats was to isolate
which seats they could pick off. Nationally, the country preferred
the Democrats over the Republicans, but the Democrats had to
scramble to ﬁnd enough districts that were competitive. The
key question in analyzing an election in which one party has a
distinct advantage nationally is whether that party has enough
strong candidates to convert some seats (seemingly safe for their
opponents) to competitive status. In 2006 the Democrats
managed to do this, but just barely. Their sweep involved
turning over only slightly more than half as many seats as the
Republicans switched in 1994. In the ﬁnal chapter we will return
to examine the aspects of the system that restrict the ability of
the electorate to voice its opinion.

The quality of campaigns
Democratic theorists agree on basic tenets of fair and effective
elections—that opposition parties can challenge those in power,
that candidates have the right freely to express their views, that
130

a free press can report on the electoral process, that citizens
have the right to vote in secret and without fear, and that voters
have access to information needed to cast their votes in an
informed manner.

The question then becomes whether, in the few elections that are
competitive today, an adequate amount of pertinent information
reaches the average citizen through political campaigns and media
outlets. Critics claim that it does not. Candidates avoid substance
at any cost, because every stand that one takes on a controversial
issue makes as many enemies as it does friends. The most effective
techniques developed by political consultants involve negative
campaigning: control of the agenda by focusing on issues or
personal matters that are difﬁcult for your opponent.
Most citizens receive their political information from television;
television journalists rarely focus on substantive policies in the
small amount of coverage that they give any nonpresidential
campaign. The coverage of local campaigns, even the most
competitive ones, is often so slight as to be meaningless.
Newspapers do a somewhat better job, but they too rarely
131

Subnational nominations and elections

Less agreement exists on how much information is necessary for
the electoral process to serve a democracy adequately. Must
the electorate be truly informed, know the details of policy
alternatives and the candidates’ views on those alternatives, in
order to vote rationally? Or is it adequate for voters simply to
know if they feel comfortable with those in power, in the terms of
the question posed so cogently by then-candidate Ronald
Reagan in his debate with President Jimmy Carter, ‘‘Are you better
off now than you were four years ago?’’ Citizens come by the
second kind of knowledge intuitively; they do not need to gather
new information in order to vote. Further, given the spread of
the Internet, no one doubts that enterprising, concerned citizens
can ﬁnd the kind of information required to meet the ﬁrst test.
But few citizens are that enterprising or that concerned.

American political parties and elections

concentrate on state and local campaigning. When the media do
cover campaigns, they tend to focus on who is ahead and what
strategy is being followed, not on policy differences between
the candidates or differences in candidate qualiﬁcations.
The candidate campaigns and the media do not deserve all of the
blame for this circumstance. Nor do the citizens, although clearly
citizen involvement could be much higher. Citizens are asked to
focus on a large number of campaigns at one time (see table 1.1,
p. 7). They are busy with their everyday lives; politics, in general,
is not central to their existence. And perhaps most important, they
do not often see how their lives will be impacted by the election of
one person or another, certainly not a congressman or a state
legislator. So they pay scant attention to campaigns, focus on them
only at the last minute, vote for party or for a candidate with whom
they are familiar, or for those who seem to have or seem not to have
improved their sense of well-being.
The media are asked to cover the same number of campaigns. How
can they adequately do so? And who will watch? Their resources
are limited, and viewer interest is low. Certainly campaign
coverage as a public service is part of the responsibility of massmedia outlets, but few go beyond the minimum that is required,
especially at calculable economic costs.
And candidates seek to win. Candidates and their consultants do
not run negative campaigns because they are inherently bad people.
They do so because experience has proven such campaigns to be
successful. Clever commercials capture public attention more than
do talking heads. A ﬁne line separates comparative advertisements
that contrast a candidate’s record or policy preference with that
of his or her opponent from negative advertisements that attack an
opponent unfairly. Often the location of that line is in the eye of
the beholder. What one campaign sees as a humorous comparative
ad, critical to be sure but within bounds, the other sees as over
the line. In the ﬁnal analysis, citizens judge—and campaign
132

consultants are clear that the citizen test, not that of campaign
critics, is the only one they monitor.

Summary
Two factors are at work in determining the results of elections
below the level of the presidency. On the one hand, analysts
look at national trends. How is the party in power viewed by
the electorate? Which party does the electorate feel is better
able to handle the most salient issues? Is the president
popular? Do citizens feel that the country is headed in the right
direction? If the electorate is satisﬁed with the country’s
direction, supportive of the president, and comfortable with the
party in power, little will change as the result of an election.
The status quo will be maintained, and that will be an accurate
reﬂection of popular will. If voters are not satisﬁed with the
direction the country is heading, unhappy with presidential
performance, and restless about the party in power, democratic
theory holds that they should be able to replace those in
power with others, who presumably will respond to their
desires. That essentially is what happened in the election of
1994, when the Republicans replaced the Democrats as the
majority party in the Congress, and in 2006, when the
Democrats regained control.
133

Subnational nominations and elections

If none of the participants is to blame for the lack of substance in
American campaigns, where does the blame lie? In part, it
is inherent in the system. The American system, with
single-member districts, weak parties, separated governmental
institutions, and a strong federal system, leads almost inevitably
to campaigns based on image and not substance. Citizens can
know their representatives, but they cannot hold them
accountable, because power is dispersed. Parties can take stands
on issues, but individual candidates can ignore those positions
at their will, because it is their constituents, not national or
even state party leaders, who control their destinies.

American political parties and elections

On the other hand, analysts are aware of an old adage, often
attributed to former Speaker of the House Thomas P. ‘‘Tip’’
O’Neill from Massachusetts: ‘‘All politics is local.’’ Those in
ofﬁce serve the day-to-day needs of their constituents, often in
ways quite detached from national politics. As a result, incumbent
ofﬁceholders are most often viewed favorably by those they
represent. Those favorable impressions, combined with the
considerable electoral assets that an incumbent can amass,
make it very difﬁcult to unseat incumbents, even incumbents
of an unpopular party. Potential challengers recognize that they
start at a distinct disadvantage. Thus, political parties struggle
to ﬁnd quality challengers.
Any evaluation of the American electoral process must
deal with the paradox that local representatives of the party in
power are viewed favorably by the same voters who view that
party unfavorably at the national (or state) level. Popular will
at the macro level cannot be expressed if citizens’ votes in
local elections do not reﬂect their views on national or state
issues at the polls. In American democracy, the role of political
parties is to assure that they recruit challengers to incumbents and
candidates in open seats who can run campaigns that allow
strong national trends to be expressed in local elections. Most
state and local elections in the United States are not competitive.
For American democracy to function effectively, the parties’ task
is to assure that enough elections are competitive so that the
national or state result can reﬂect popular will.

134

Chapter 7
Far from the perfect
democracy

Americans, even those familiar with the details of the electoral
process, remain convinced that American democracy represents
the ideal toward which others should strive. They point to the ﬂaws
in other systems—to the split between the president and the prime
minister in a country like France, with a mixed system; to the
messiness in forming a working majority in a country with a
parliamentary system like Israel; to the instability of governments
in a country like Italy; to the lack of a free press and an open
process in polities once totalitarian but now self-proclaimed
democracies like Russia; to racial, gender, or class domination in
a host of other countries. But Americans rarely turn the spotlight of
criticism on their own regime. In this chapter we will return brieﬂy
to ﬁve concerns that have been raised earlier. Until public ofﬁcials
in the United States can address these issues, American democracy
will continue to fall far short of the ultimate model.

Level of participation
In the Israeli election of March 2006, approximately 60 percent
of the voting-age population cast their ballots; Israeli ofﬁcials
were distressed that the turnout was so low in such a consequential
election. In November 2004, when just over 60 percent of the
eligible citizens of voting age cast their votes for president of
the United States, the turnout was the highest in thirty-six
135

American political parties and elections

years and only the fourth time three-ﬁfths of those eligible
had voted for president since women were enfranchised in
1920. In off-year congressional elections, the elections in which
state governors are elected in thirty-six states, turnout has
never reached 50 percent nationally and usually hovers between
35 and 40 percent. In a listing of democracies sorted by
turnout in national elections, the United States falls in the bottom
quintile.1
The concern is not just that Americans vote in lower numbers
than do citizens of other democracies. The more serious problem is
that those who do vote differ from those who do not in systematic
ways. African Americans and Hispanics vote in lower numbers
than do Caucasians. Poor people vote in lower numbers than do
rich people. Less educated people vote in lower numbers than do
those with more education. The chorus of the electorate, in short,
sings with a distinctively privileged voice. In a representative
democracy, one must worry if policies reﬂect the desires of the
electorate more than those who do not vote. The privileged vote
more, and therein lies the problem.
Why is turnout low in the United States compared to other
democracies? Both the American system of government and
speciﬁc election laws depress turnout. Scholars have known for
some time that electoral systems with proportional representation
(PR) have higher turnouts than those with ﬁrst-past-the-post,
plurality winners. On average democracies with PR systems have
voter turnout 15 percent higher than those with plurality winners.
Mixed systems fall somewhere in between.
Even within the electoral system established by the founders,
election laws discourage participation in elections. The following
merit consideration:
.

Registration laws. Only 72 percent of those eligible to vote were
registered for the 2004 election; only 58 percent of those between
136

eighteen and twenty-four years old. Should registration laws be
eased to increase participation?2
.

Frequency of elections. Americans are asked to go to the polls more
often than citizens of other nations, because each geographic area sets
its own rules and seeks to keep its elections out from under the inﬂuence
of national trends. As a result, Americans suffer from voting fatigue.
Should all elections within the country be held at one time, once a year?

.

Election Day. All of that voting occurs during the workweek;
citizens must ﬁt voting into their already busy schedules. Should
Election Day be a holiday as it is in many other nations?

.

Voting as an obligation, not a right. Voting is not compulsory in
the United States, unlike in thirty-two other democracies in which

.

How to count votes. Related to these questions is the theoretical
question of whether the ﬁrst-past-the-post system is the most
democratic, if it most accurately reﬂects the views of the voters.
Does an Instant Runoff System guarantee that the results of an
election more accurately reﬂect the desires of those voting than any
other system? If so, would the citizens accept such a change?

Similar arguments are made when any of these changes in the
American system are discussed. Some claim that those interested
enough in voting have ample opportunity to do so; others assert
that the low turnout rate in the United States is a sign of
democratic malady. Behind each argument is a political one: who
would gain and who would lose if more citizens voted? The
question of whether reforms such as these would improve
American democracy is clearly secondary to judgments over its
political consequences in the minds of those making the decisions.

The presidential nominating and election process
In the 2000 presidential election, the citizens of the United States
were faced with a choice between two candidates they did not
137

Far from the perfect democracy

voting is mandatory.3 Would a change in this factor increase
turnout? Would its beneﬁts outweigh the costs?

American political parties and elections

much like. Some claim that the low voter turnout in that election
was a reﬂection of the citizens’ responses to the choices offered.
The Democratic candidate was seen as incredibly smart,
uncomfortably stiff, uninspiringly boring, and insecurely willing to
transform himself into anything just so voters liked him. The
Republican candidate was viewed as the opposite—not too smart,
unaware of the nuances of the monumental issues facing the
nation, but likable, friendly, and very sure of who he was. Faced
with those choices, many voters stayed home.
Certainly that explanation is an oversimpliﬁcation of the dynamics
of the 2000 election, but just as surely observers were left
questioning how a great nation with 280 million people could end
up with Albert Gore and George W. Bush as the two contenders for
president. The choice was the result of a ﬂawed nominating
process that no one defends. The general election, particularly the
way in which the result was decided, was equally unsatisfactory.
Again, obvious issues for students of democracy are in evidence.
.

The inﬂuence of Iowa and New Hampshire on presidential
nominations. Iowa and New Hampshire, two states not even
remotely representative of followers of either party or of the nation
as a whole, dominate the process. Can the inﬂuence of these states
be reduced while preserving some room for the person-to-person
politics they permit?4

.

Front-loading of the process. Similarly most agree that the process
is too front-loaded, in that citizens are asked to select a candidate
for president before the issues are clear, before they are focusing on
the upcoming election.5 The current process beneﬁts a candidate
who has established name recognition, can raise money before the
ﬁrst votes are cast, appeals to the base of his or her party, campaigns
well in a one-on-one setting, and has the ability to establish a
nationwide organization. Those are not necessarily the qualities
that make the best candidate for a general election in which a
candidate must appeal to independents and weak supporters of the
other party, have detailed knowledge of the issues of the day and
138

skill in debating those issues in various formats, and a bearing that
says to the voters ‘‘I am ready to be the leader of the free world.’’ Is
there a more rational way to structure the nominating process, a
means that will lead to more acceptable candidates?
.

The relationship between candidacy and governing. The skill sets
needed to be a successful president—the ability to work with leaders
of both parties, familiarity with world events and the capacity to
negotiate with world leaders, a vision of the country’s future and of a
path to reach that vision, the experience to administer a huge
bureaucracy effectively without becoming bogged down in details,
the gift to speak to the nation and for the nation with equal
effectiveness—are qualities that are best judged by peers, not by
mass audiences in an election. But in the American political system,
about who is elected. Is there a way to alter the system so that
democratic choices are tempered by peer review?

.

Counting the votes. The process of election itself has come under
severe criticism. The reasons the Electoral College was adopted in
1789 hardly pertain today, but the system has resisted change.
Should the Electoral College system be scrapped in favor of one
more transparently democratic?6

The cost of democracy
What should it cost to run an election? Who should bear that cost?
Should the ability to raise money be a factor—or even a
determining factor—in who wins an election?
As recently as 1976, the ﬁrst election after the major reform of the
system through which federal campaigns are ﬁnanced in the
United States, the best estimate held that the total amount spent
on all elections—federal, state, and local—was $500,000,000. In
2006 political consultants have estimated that the ‘‘cost of entry’’
into the two parties’ presidential nomination races will be
$100,000,000 per candidate.7 Many potential candidates will
139

Far from the perfect democracy

professional peers have little to say about who is nominated and less

drop out before the race begins because they cannot meet that
‘‘entry fee,’’ the amount needed to be competitive.

American political parties and elections

In the 2004 elections for the U.S. House of Representatives,
incumbents seeking reelection outspent their challengers, on the
average, by 16 to 1, on average outspending challengers $800,000
to $50,000. Incumbents facing serious challengers spent much
more than that; fewer than 40 percent of challengers spent even
$100,000. Only ﬁve incumbents lost in those elections. In each of
those cases the challenger was able to spend nearly as much or
more than the incumbent.
Campaign ﬁnance has long been a concern of political reformers.
The ﬁrst campaign ﬁnance legislation was passed nearly a century
ago, when the Tillman Act regulated the contributions of
corporations and banks to election campaigns. The most recent
reform legislation—the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act (BCRA)
of 2002, popularly known as the McCain-Feingold Act—took years
to pass, as vested interests fought it tooth and nail.
A consensus holds that the campaign ﬁnance system is broken. But
no consensus exists as to how to ﬁx it, a problem familiar to
political reformers. The reason is simple. A reform that helps one
group hurts another. Those who are advantaged under one set of
rules are disadvantaged under another.
We can brieﬂy explore the basic issues:
.

The cost of campaigns. Some hold that campaigns cost too much.
Others note that Americans spend less on campaign advertising
than they do on automobile advertising. Which is more important
for the American way of life?

.

Who gives money to campaigns? Some hold that giving large
amounts of money to campaigns is merely another way to inﬂuence
outcomes and eventually legislation. Others contend that donating
money is not evil, but rather a way to express one’s political
140

preferences that should be protected, so long as it is not done in
secret. Still others feel that the cost of campaigns should be borne
by all citizens equally. Is there a more democratic way to fund
electioneering, and, if so, at what level?
.

Disclosure of campaign contributions. Everyone seems to agree
that contributions to campaigns should be made openly and
publicly. Some believe that the current system of ﬁling federal or
state ofﬁcials is sufﬁcient. Others maintain that more disclosure
and more prompt disclosure are necessary. Is there an appropriate
balance between shining a light on those ﬁnancing campaigns and
violating individuals’ rights to participate in the process without
public disclosure?

.

Who should be regulated? All involved agree that candidates for
regulated soft-money expenditures, restricting the amount of money
that could be given to the parties for more general activities, not
related to a speciﬁc campaign. However, groups like the Swift Boat
Veterans for Truth and America Coming Together found ways to
spend money on campaigns despite these limitations. Some believe
that the kinds of activities in which they engaged are protected by
free speech. Others are of the opinion that they found a way around
the law—through a gaping loophole—and that their activities should
be regulated as well. How should political speech be regulated
without stiﬂing free expression of political beliefs?8

The political parties spend an enormous amount of time and effort
raising money for their candidates and assisting candidates in
raising money for their own campaigns. The key question in the
area of campaign ﬁnance reform remains unanswered. Can a
system be devised that allows enough money to be raised and spent
so that campaigns can reach the voters without, at the same time,
unfairly advantaging some candidates over others and therefore
stiﬂing competition? Can it be done while remaining cognizant of
the political freedoms ensured in the First Amendment to the
Constitution?
141

Far from the perfect democracy

ofﬁce and their campaigns should be regulated. The BCRA also

Lack of competition

American political parties and elections

The basic premise of a democracy is that those in power can be
turned out if the citizenry disapproves of their actions.
Competition is necessary. How one deﬁnes competition is less
than clear, however.
In one sense the electoral system in the United States is extremely
competitive. It is hard to imagine an election closer than the
presidential election of 2000. Even in 2004, if a few votes in Ohio
had switched from President Bush to Senator Kerry, Kerry would
have been elected. Partisan control of the U.S. House and Senate
has been determined by the swing of a few key races in recent
elections. Much the same can be said for many state legislatures.
Looked at from the perspective of overall partisan control, the
electoral system is extremely competitive.
However, if one looks at the state and district levels, much
less competition exists. Only about ﬁfteen states have really been
in play in the last two presidential elections. In the other thirty-ﬁve
states, the result was all but known well in advance. Citizens in
those states had virtually no opportunity to weigh the candidates
or to express their views.
The 2002 and 2004 elections to the House of Representatives were
by most accounts the least competitive in modern history. Whether
one looks at the reelection rates of incumbents (more than 98
percent in each case), contests in which the loser seriously
threatened the winner (about 10 percent in each of those
elections), seats in which one party or the other did not even ﬁeld a
candidate or ﬁelded a candidate who polled less than 20 percent of
the vote (about three in ten), or the average margin of victory
(about 40 percent), true competition was all but absent. Even in
the more competitive election of 2006, the vast majority of districts
saw little real competition. Results in most state legislative races
were similar. Statewide elections—for governor or U.S.
142

senator—were competitive in some states but in others lacked
close races as well.

.

Incumbent advantage. Certainly incumbents have enormous
advantages in terms of name recognition, the ability to serve their
constituents and to reinforce positive images, experience in
campaigning, and ease of fund-raising. But perhaps incumbents
have earned those advantages. They have won ofﬁce initially, after
all, and that is no easy task. One could argue that they stay in ofﬁce
and win easily because they are good at what they do. Should the
system be altered to reduce the advantages incumbents have or to
increase campaign resources for challengers?

.

Redistricting. For legislative districts, the ways in which district
drawing district lines for political purposes, is as old as the nation
and done with increased sophistication and effectiveness today.
Creative mapping, however, does not explain one-party states or
one-party dominance in some regions. Some scholars claim that
those who draw the lines are blamed unfairly for the lack of
competition, that citizens tend to congregate into geographic areas
with those who share similar views, or that views change to
conform with one’s neighbors’ views, thus creating communities of
political homogeneity. Should district lines by drawn in a way that
ignores incumbents’ residences or the partisanship of the voters?

.

Campaign ﬁnance revisited. Certainly campaign ﬁnances play
a role. Most challengers are underfunded. Interest groups tend to
support incumbents of both parties, because they know
incumbents are likely to win. Their contributions, rightly or
wrongly, are assumed to guarantee access to decision makers.
Can a system be devised that assures challengers a fair chance to
raise enough money to compete?

.

Quality of candidates. The disparity in campaign resources might
in fact be a function of the poor quality of those seeking to oppose
incumbents. If better candidates were to seek ofﬁce, they would be
able to raise more money and run more competitive races. How
143

Far from the perfect democracy

lines are drawn often favors incumbents. Gerrymandering,

one deﬁnes ‘‘better’’ candidates is subjective, but by any deﬁnition
the vast majority of those who do seek to run fall short. Parties
spend a good deal of time recruiting candidates who they feel can
run competitive races, often only to be turned down. Can means be
devised to encourage more qualiﬁed candidates to seek ofﬁce?
What incentives would lead those who currently decided not to run
to make the opposite decision?

American political parties and elections

Campaign discourse
We turn ﬁnally to the quality of what is said in a campaign. For
campaigns to approach the democratic ideal, candidates must
voice positions on the most salient issues of the day. The voters
must hear these positions and decide among them.
Scholars differ as to how precise the discussion of issues must be.
Some claim that candidates must be explicit about their views and
that voters must understand these differences, have a preference,
and vote on that preference in order for democratic tenets to be
met. Others feel that less is needed, that citizens need only have a
general impression of whether they feel the country is moving in
the right direction and a sense of whom they credit or blame for the
direction the country is heading. In either case, voters must get
enough information about an incumbent’s record and the
challenger as an alternative so that they can have an impression
and vote on that impression.
.

Negative campaigning. Too often these differences are expressed
through campaigning perceived by voters to be negative. How one
deﬁnes the term is critical. If one criticizes a series of votes that a
legislator has cast on social welfare spending, is that negative? Or is
it appropriate criticism? If one criticizes an incumbent for failing
to attend committee sessions, implying that he or she is not doing
the job effectively, is that negative or merely relevant criticism?
What if one voices this criticism in a belittling manner, pretending
to send a search party to look for the absent legislator? Is that too
144

negative or merely using humor to make a point? What if the
legislator missed one committee meeting because he or she was in
fact attending another, scheduled at the same time? Is it necessary
for the critic to point this out, or is it the duty of the person whose
attendance has been questioned to correct the record? Is it
legitimate to raise a ﬁve-year-old DUI conviction during a
campaign, if the drunk driving occurred before the candidate was
a public servant? What if it was while he or she was in ofﬁce?
What if it was thirty years ago? Are these matters merely personal,
or do they reﬂect on the kind of person we want representing us
in ofﬁce? If potential candidates and citizens are deterred from
participating in the process because of negative campaigning,
can effective limits be devised without abridging legitimate free
political speech?
Media coverage of campaigns. Citizens receive information about
political campaigns from two sources, paid media from the
candidates and their surrogates, a source directly related to the
ﬁnancial resources of a campaign, and free, supposedly unbiased
media, from mass communication outlets. Critics claim that the
mass-media campaign coverage fails to provide citizens with
adequate information for two reasons—it is does not cover
campaigns extensively nor does it cover substantive issues in
sufﬁcient depth.

Citizens who are determined to know the details of a candidate’s
record and platform can ﬁnd that information. However, it
requires signiﬁcant effort, going to a website and searching for the
information, steps not likely to be taken by the average voter. The
mass media provide very little of this information because they
have neither the resources nor the ﬁnancial incentives to do so.
Even if they did, the networks, the local stations, and local
newspapers cannot cover all of the campaigns. The networks give
a great deal of attention to presidential campaigns and spotlight
key senatorial, gubernatorial, and congressional races. Local
145

Far from the perfect democracy

.

stations and newspapers face an even more difﬁcult problem. They
are understaffed and faced with more races to cover. Do they focus
on national or statewide races, on local congressional races that
might or might not be competitive, on races for state legislature,
or on local races? Frequently they are all happening at the same
time. If they cover them all, none will get much coverage. Are there
innovative ways in which the mass media can be used to better
inform the citizenry? Is it the obligation of the media or of the
polity to ﬁnd and to ﬁnance such innovations?

American political parties and elections

Conclusions
The goal of this chapter has not been to depress or infuriate the
reader who believes passionately in American democracy. Rather it
is to assure that the many virtues of American democracy are not
seen without due attention to its ﬂaws.
The United States receives perfect scores on Freedom House’s
indicators of political rights. Freedom House is an independent
NGO that supports democracy and freedom through the world.9
Americans take pride in a system that encourages political
competition, equal participation by all citizens, and citizen control
over the government. Opponents can and do openly criticize those
in power. When incumbents lose, they leave ofﬁce and peacefully
turn over power to those who have beaten them. And this
representative process has ﬂourished for more than two centuries,
a period of citizen rule unequaled in human history.
However, although citizens have the right—and some would say
the obligation—to participate, many do not. And even though the
political process is open for any eligible citizen to run, few in fact
have the opportunity to do so. The nominating process is often
difﬁcult to understand and results in less than ideal candidates.
Although parties have the right to contest for all ofﬁces, often they
do not, or they run shadow campaigns with no real opportunity to
win. Although citizens are equal in their access to government,
146

money is a huge factor in determining who will be in government
and who will have inﬂuence on those elected. Although we claim to
favor majority rule, our system rarely produces majority
winners—and we know little about the second choices of those
who support losers. And ﬁnally, even though we have free and
unfettered political speech, citizens rarely hear candidates discuss
the issues of the day in sufﬁcient enough detail to allow for truly
informed judgment.

The American electoral process—a two-party system, with
separation of powers in a federal system of government—is not a
system for all nations. One cannot export culture and traditions.
One should not claim perfection for a system that even in the
present context has apparent ﬂaws. In extolling the virtues of the
electoral system in the United States, one should be as cognizant of
its shortcomings as Winston Churchill was of those of British
democracy, ‘‘It has been said that democracy is the worst form of
government except all the others that have been tried.’’ And
those who are the strongest advocates for American democracy
should be at the forefront of efforts to improve it. In effort after
effort to move American democracy toward the ideal, however, few
political leaders have put aside their own political interests and
focused on the process that would serve the nation best. In fact,
that is the test of true leadership.

147

Far from the perfect democracy

All of these ﬂaws with the system have been noted and addressed
by reformers. But solutions are not easy to come by, even if one has
the will to do so. It is much easier to point to ﬂaws in a system
than to propose solutions that will address those ﬂaws without
creating new ones. And in this system, changing the rules of the
game requires the consent of those who have attained ofﬁce under
the rules currently in place. In a sense, the foxes are guarding the
chicken coop. When citizen dissatisfaction with the system reaches
a sufﬁcient level, change occurs. And these changes lead to another
cycle of assessment, adjustment, and perhaps further change.

Notes

Chapter 2
1. The parties or factions that were feared were the divisions
condemned by eighteenth-century British theorists like Lord
Bolingbroke (‘‘Governing by party . . . must always end in government
by faction.’’) or David Hume (‘‘Factions subvert government . . . and
beget the ﬁercest animosities among men of the same nation.’’).
2. A party system is the name given to an ongoing electoral situation in
which two or more parties compete for power against each other and
take each other into account as they govern and set electoral
strategies.
3. Because of the crisis brought on by the election of 1800, the
Constitution was amended to have presidential and vice presidential
candidates run as a ticket. It should be noted that the Federalists
were well enough organized in 1800 that one of their electors did not
vote for Adams’s designated running mate, Charles C. Pinckney, but
rather for John Jay, precisely to avoid the possibility of a tie vote
should Adams have prevailed.
4. Such was the dominance of the Democratic-Republicans that one of
their electors voted against James Monroe for reelection as
president in 1820, because he wanted Washington to remain the
only president to have been chosen unanimously.
5. States retained the right to determine how electors were chosen.
More and more states were moving away from a choice by state
legislators to popular vote. The election of 1824 is the ﬁrst for which
popular vote totals are available, with approximately 350,000 white
males voting.
148

Chapter 3
1. In 2002, eighty incumbents won reelection to the U.S. House
of Representatives without opposition; in 2004, sixty-ﬁve. The
recent high was in 1996, when ninety-four incumbents were
unopposed.
149

Notes

6. Political scientists, following V. O. Key, look at particular elections
as critical elections, because the electorate is energized and
concerned about its results. Some elections have been labeled as
realigning elections, because the ways in which the party coalitions
are aligned change signiﬁcantly. The elections of 1828 (with the
emergence of the popular Jackson Democrats and the Whigs as the
main rivals), 1860 (with the Republicans and Democrats clashing
over the issue of slavery), 1896 (with the parties staying the same
but the key issue becoming an economic issue that led to a change
in electoral coalitions), and 1932 (with the parties’ responses to the
Great Depression causing another electoral coalition shift, while
the two parties remained the same) are normally listed as the
important realigning elections in American history. Others claim
that this history is better understood as realigning eras, with these
elections merely as convenient points to view ways in which the
electorate is shifting.
7. The ‘‘Washington precedent’’ was formalized in the Twenty-second
Amendment to the Constitution, ratiﬁed in 1951. A reaction to
Roosevelt’s four terms, the amendment limited future presidents to
two full terms.
8. V. O. Key also is credited with drawing attention to the tripartite
nature of party—as organization, in government, and in the electorate.
The connectionsamong the three aspects of partywere strongestin the
gilded age, but they remain important to analyze even today.
9. In fact, in 1964, Neil Cotter and Bernard Hennessy wrote a book
about the two national party committees titled Politics Without
Power, and in 1971 David Broder, Pulitzer Prize–winning reporter
and columnist for the Washington Post, published a widely
acclaimed analysis of party politics titled The Party’s Over.
10. And, of course, the irony of Thurmond’s life was complete, when it
was revealed that he had an illegitimate daughter by an African
American woman, a daughter he had been supporting while
touting racist views in public life.

American political parties and elections

2. State parties can also give up to $5,000 to each candidate for federal
ofﬁce, in effect raising the contribution limit from national parties
that simply transfer the money to the states.
3. This section has concentrated on House races rather than Senate
races. Much the same process goes on in Senate races. However,
because all 435 seats in the House of Representatives are up for
election every two years, but only one-third of the Senate seats are
being contested, the resource allocation problem is more acute and
more signiﬁcant for the House Hill committees.
4. It should come as no surprise that there is considerable variation
from state to state in terms of formal structure.
5. The two major parties differ somewhat on this point. For the
Republicans, rules set at one quadrennial convention remain in
effect and cannot be altered until the next convention. For the
Democrats, since 1970, party commissions and at times the national
committee have been able to modify the rules between conventions.
Republican party rules tend to leave more leeway for states to differ
in their procedures than do the Democrats’ rules, which often
restrain state autonomy. These differences reﬂect philosophical
differences between the parties regarding the primacy of state or
national governance.
6. One variant on this theme deals with those states in which delegates
to the national convention are chosen by state conventions, even
though no statewide nominations are determined. In these cases,
the extent of party unity will vary according to the acrimony among
the presidential contenders—and that will often be a function of the
timing of the convention within the presidential nominating
calendar.

Chapter 4
1. Scholars now agree that party identiﬁcation is not totally
independent of short-term events of the day, for example, popular
candidates or political scandals. However, party ID is generally
conceived to be a long-term predilection toward one party or the
other that persists despite election speciﬁc events. In other words,
self-reported partisan attachment is a more accurate measure than
voting behavior at any one point in time.
2. For purposes of predicting who will win an election, pollsters must
distinguish between those respondents likely to vote and those less
likely to do so. To understand the partisan leanings of the electorate,
150

3.

4.

6.
7.

8.

9.

151

Notes

5.

however, such a distinction is not necessary. In fact, one important
research question that focuses on the quality of representation in the
United States deals with whether more Republican or Democratic
partisans in the total electorate actually turn out to vote.
The NES question goes on to ask respondents who reply that they
consider themselves in one party or the other if they are a strong or a
weak supporter of that party, and to ask those who say they consider
themselves independent if they lean one way or the other. This
analysis, following that of Harold Stanley and Richard Niemi,
‘‘Partisanship, Party Coalitions, and Group Support,’’ relies on only
the ﬁrst question.
Analyzing the party identiﬁcation of members of particular
demographic or socioeconomic groups is complex. Most of us are
‘‘members’’ of more than one group. One might be a white
southerner, a Catholic, and a union member. These group
afﬁliations pull in different directions. In this analysis, group
membership refers to the mean probability that some in a particular
group will identify with a political party. Through multiple regression
techniques, it is also possible to state how much more likely an
individual is to identify with a party because of some particular trait
than the same individual would be with all of his or her relevant
characteristics except that trait. Where appropriate, we will mention
Stanley and Niemi’s analysis of these contributions as well.
Hispanics in the United States come from a number of different
backgrounds—Puerto Rico, Mexico, Cuba, and other countries in
Latin America. Cuban Americans, heavily concentrated in Florida,
have had a historical allegiance to the Republican Party, based on
the party’s policy stands toward Castro.
Of course, black Catholics would count in each of these percentages;
the categories are not mutually exclusive.
This assumption is certainly an oversimpliﬁcation of the actual
spectrum of public opinion at a time when many complex issues are
on the political agenda, and when a conservative stance on one does
not necessarily imply a conservative stance on another. With this
caveat, the assumption is still useful in understanding how political
activists can be distinguished from rank-and-ﬁle party identiﬁers.
Party Unity Scores are the percentage of time that a representative
votes with his or her party on those votes on which a majority of one
party votes together against a majority of the other party.
CQ also computes a Presidential Support and a Presidential
Opposition Score. In 2005 these were 81 percent and 17 percent for

the Republicans in the House; 24 percent and 74 percent for the
Democrats. Senate scores were comparable.

American political parties and elections

Chapter 5
1. The nominating rules changed signiﬁcantly after the 1968
presidential election. The thrust of the reforms was to make the
process more democratic and less in control of party leaders. This
analysis examines only the postreform era.
2. Throughout this section I discuss only major party nominations.
Third or minor party candidacies are at times important in
American presidential elections and will be discussed below.
Internal politics within the non-major parties, however, will not be
discussed, as they are often sui generis, without lessons that can
carry to the future.
3. The deﬁnitions of ‘‘presumptive nominee’’ and ‘‘serious contenders’’
in table 5.1 are clearly subjective. ‘‘Presumptive nominees’’ were
distinguished from mere front-runners if the media analysis
generally concluded that the nomination was assumed for that
candidate . . . unless someone else could upend him. ‘‘Serious
contenders’’ was deﬁned broadly as well-known party leaders or
ofﬁceholders who received votes in some primary contests. Those
who entered primaries but did not fare well are included, but those
who were often mentioned or even declared but never entered a
primary are not.
4. The most recent exception to that rule was in 1956 when Democratic
nominee Adlai Stevenson allowed the convention to choose his
running mate. Other nominee choices have been challenged on the
ﬂoor, but none of their nominations has ever been in serious doubt.
5. Rules for selection of delegates to the national conventions can be
found on the parties’ websites, www.democrats.org for the
Democrats and www.rnc.org for the Republicans.
6. Philosophical differences among the parties are seen in the party
rules. The Republicans believe more in states’ rights and give near
total discretion to their state units. The Democrats believe more in
central control. In addition, as noted in chapter 3, the Republicans
believe that the convention is the only sovereign body for the party,
thus the only party empowered to impose rules on the party. The
Democrats cede some of that power to party commissions and/or to
the national committee.
152

153

Notes

7. The Democrats have a minimal percentage or threshold that a
candidate must receive in order to win any delegates; that number
has varied over the years and is currently set at 15 percent. Frontrunners want a higher threshold, and upstart candidates want a
lower threshold in order to win some delegates even while trailing
badly in the voting.
8. To confuse the matter further, in some states the rules for
primaries are set in state law; in other states they are left for the
parties to determine themselves. Thus, in Michigan in 2004, for
example, the Democrats used one system and the Republicans
another.
9. A third variation among primary systems deals with who selects the
actual delegates to the convention and with the extent to which
these delegates remain pledged to the primary winner. Generally
the presidential candidate either selects the candidates for delegate
who will run on his or her slate, or the presidential candidate names
the actual delegates after the votes have been cast and the number
of delegates to be selected has been determined. Delegates from
most states are pledged to the candidate for whom they have been
chosen for one or two ballots at the convention or until that
candidate is no longer running. That last provision is particularly
important in the preconvention stage of the nominating process, as
delegates pledged to a candidate who drops out (because of lack of
overall support) become free agents, ripe for the plucking by the
remaining candidates. How delegates for candidates who have
dropped out would vote at a convention that went more than one
ballot is an unanswered question over which political scientists and
political journalists swoon.
10. In the Democratic party, some of the delegates, the so-called
Superdelegates, are chosen because of formal positions they hold
and are selected by their peers, for example, members of Congress.
11. In an effort to alleviate this concern, at least partially, the
Democrats have changed their rules for the 2008 nomination to
allow a limited number of caucus states, with populations more
representative of the nation and of the party, to move up their
delegate selection dates.
12. For the 2008 nominating process, legislators in a number of
larger states, including California, Florida, New Jersey,
New York, and Texas, have moved their primaries to the ﬁrst
Tuesday in February, accelerating the process even more than in
the past.

American political parties and elections

13. It is true that, if no candidate secured enough delegate pledges to
assure his or her nomination early, the states selecting delegates
late in the process would have increased inﬂuence.
14. Candidates must reach a threshold of donations received, in
relatively small individual contributions from a signiﬁcant of
individuals spread throughout a number of states, in order to
qualify for matching funds. Once the level has been achieved, the
government matches contributions of under $250. If a candidate
accepts public money, however, he or she must agree to restrictions
on how much money will be spent in campaigning both in
individual states and overall.
15. The one early exception was former Texas governor and secretary
of the treasury, John Connally, who thought that he could not win
the Republican nomination in 1980 unless he signiﬁcantly outspent
his rivals. He raised over $12 million, largely from his Texas oil
friends, but still fared extremely poorly, eventually winning only
one delegate to the convention. In 1996 millionaire publisher
Malcolm ‘‘Steve’’ Forbes also funded his own campaign, making
what was seen as a quixotic candidacy more realistic; that
experience alerted campaign operatives to a possibility that was
exploited in 2000 by George W. Bush.
16. Immediately after the election, the United States Congress and
many state legislatures began to look at the ballot and the physical
means through which Americans vote. While these changes are
important, they are largely technical in nature. There is no
philosophical argument holding that ﬂawed ballots are good.
17. Many do not realize that, even today, electors are actual people
who physically go to their state capitols to cast their votes for
president.
18. In Maine and Nebraska, state law stipulates that the elector
pledged to the popular winner of the vote in each congressional
district will win that election and cast one vote for president, and
the two electors pledged to the winner of the statewide popular vote
win that election and cast the other two votes.
19. Most Americans are surprised to learn that only ﬁve of the last ten
presidential elections have resulted in the winning candidates
receiving a majority of the votes cast, though all except for George
W. Bush in 2000 won a plurality. Even with minor party
candidates playing a relatively lesser role in American elections,
they have denied a presidential candidate a majority by splintering
the vote far more often than not.
154

Chapter 6
1. Minor parties, which often have few enrolled members, are given
the option of choosing nominees by party caucuses or conventions
in most states. In addition, in a few states, the major parties
nominate by caucus or convention for at least some ofﬁces, though
there is often a provision for challenging the nominee chosen in a
party meeting through a primary election. Connecticut is an
example of a state with such a system.
2. One often sees reference to the ‘‘independent party.’’ Independents
are called that because they are independent of party afﬁliation.
Some candidates have formed an ‘‘independent party’’ to capture
those dissatisﬁed with the major parties, but normally the term
refers to those who are not enrolled in any political party.
3. Exceptions do exist to this rule. In New York State, for example,
state law permits a political party’s relevant committee to permit
someone registered in another party to seek the ﬁrst party’s
nomination. This strategy is often used by minor parties that seek
commitments from candidates on speciﬁc issues in exchange for
155

Notes

20. One group of reformers, spearheaded by FairVote, a project of the
Center for Voting and Democracy, calls for Instant RunOff Voting,
a system through which voters rank candidates and their votes are
automatically cast for their highest remaining candidate if their
ﬁrst choice is not among the top two ﬁnishers. Such a system,
which has been adopted in some communities, would solve the
runoff problem, but, while this reform idea is gaining adherents, it
is far from widely accepted.
21. The election of 2000 and the election of 1876, which also had to be
resolved many weeks after the votes were counted, are the two
principal exceptions.
22. The notable exceptions were California and New York, where
candidates often stopped for fund-raising events.
23. Many of the worst abuses in campaign ﬁnancing concerned
congressional campaigns. These will be discussed further in
chapter 6.
24. One of the results of the original FECA was that interest groups,
which had been inﬂuencing presidential campaigns, changed the
locus of their effort to congressional campaigns, leading to an outof-control escalation in the costs of those campaigns.

American political parties and elections

their nomination or under threat of withholding that nomination.
Often Republicans run not only on their party’s line but also as
Conservatives or as candidates of the Right-to-Life Party.
Democrats seek the Working Families party nod. The candidate’s
vote in the elections in New York is the total number of votes
received on all lines on the ballot.
4. Five states—Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey, and
Virginia—hold their statewide elections in odd-numbered years;
thus the elections correspond with neither presidential nor off-year
congressional elections. Two states—New Hampshire and
Vermont—elect governors to two-year terms; the other states’
governors serve four-year terms.
5. Thirty-six states limit their governors’ tenure in ofﬁce, all to two terms
except for Virginia, in which the limit is one term. Some states allow
governors to serve again after having left ofﬁce for at least one term.

Chapter 7
1. Data were collected by the International Institute for Democracy
and Electoral Assistance and ranks countries that have had two or
more elections since 1945 according to the average turnout (based
on voting age population) of all elections. The United States places
114th out of 140 democracies; for the complete data set go to
www.idea.int/vt/survey/voter_turnout_pop2–2.cfm.
2. Various reform efforts have sought to address the problem of low
voter turnout in the United States. The most successful of those
efforts has been the Voting Rights Act of 1965, most recently
renewed for another twenty-ﬁve years, which imposed federal
standards on states and regions within states that had been shown
to discriminate on the basis of race. Ample evidence points to the
success of this legislation in raising registration, voting, and ofﬁceholding among African Americans. In 1993, after an extended
debate, the Congress passed and President Clinton signed the Motor
Voter Bill, an act to ease voter registration. While the process has
been eased, the result has not been the dramatic increases in
registration and voting that were anticipated.
3. These countries range from Australia, with very strict enforcement,
to Bolivia and the Netherlands, with virtually no enforcement.
However, those countries in which voting is compulsory by statute,
regardless of the sanctions or enforcement mechanisms, vote in
higher percentages than do those without such a requirement.
156

157

Notes

4. The Democratic party has attempted to reform the process
frequently, most recently in 2006, when Nevada was permitted to
hold its caucuses between the date of the Iowa caucus and the New
Hampshire primary, and South Carolina was allowed to move its
primary date to one week after New Hampshire’s. That change was a
compromise that satisﬁed no one and was not viewed as addressing
the fundamental process.
5. To be fair, there is little agreement about how it should be changed.
If one party’s nominee is known in advance, as when a sitting
president seeks reelection, the other party beneﬁts if its candidate
can secure the nomination early as well. Then the out-party
candidate can concentrate on the general election campaign, rather
than defending itself against charges from people within his or her
own party.
6. In addition to moving to direct election of the president, others have
suggested allocating electoral votes proportionately or by districts,
as is done in Maine and Nebraska. In 2006 reformers, led by the
Center for Voting and Democracy and former third-party
presidential candidate John Anderson, proposed changing the
system without a constitutional amendment. Their proposal called
for states to enter into a compact so that all of the signatory states
would agree to cast their electoral votes for the winner of the
national vote; the compact would go into effect once enough states
had agreed to the compact so that they controlled a majority of the
Electoral College. This reform was taken seriously enough that it
was endorsed by the New York Times, in a lead editorial on March
14, 2006. That the proposal was seriously put forth and that an
institution as serious as the New York Times would endorse it are
clear signs of systemic problems. A fundamental aspect of the
constitutional process for selecting the president should not be
altered by a means that is, by design, going around the Constitution.
On what basis does a constitutional democracy ﬂourish if ﬁnding a
loophole is considered the legitimate means to effect fundamental
change? At the same time, however, that serious people are
frustrated enough to consider such an effort signiﬁes that the system
itself is in need of reform. And the politicians in charge are not
likely to take a reform effort seriously unless the people force them
to do so.
7. Enough early readers of this book have asked whether an extra zero
was added to that number in error that I feel compelled to repeat
here—$100,000,000.

American political parties and elections

8. A closely related question is whether such regulation is possible. In
2006, as the House of Representatives debated an effort to plug the
loophole through which 527 groups entered the process, Rep. Mike
Pence (R-IN) compared the effort to the ‘‘whack-a-mole’’ carnival
game, in which a new mole appears every time the player knocks one
down.
9. Freedom House’s deﬁnition of democratic and free governments
and ratings of various governments can be found at
www.freedomhouse.org.

158

For further reading

Chapter 1
Bibby, John F., and L. Sandy Maisel. Two Parties or More? The
American Party System. Boulder, CO: Westview Press, 1998.
Black, Earl, and Merle Black. The Rise of Southern Republicans.
Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2002.
Hacker, Andrew. Congressional Redistricting: The Issue of Equal
Representation. Washington, DC: Brookings Institution, 1964.
Maisel, L. Sandy, and Kara Z. Buckley. Parties and Elections in
America: The Electoral Process, 5th ed. Lanham, MD: Rowman
& Littleﬁeld, 2007.
Wolﬁnger, Raymond E., and Steven J. Rosenstone. Who Votes?
New Haven: Yale, 1980.

Chapter 2
Aldrich, John H. Why Parties? The Origin and Transformation of Political
Parties in America. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1995.
Chambers, William Nesbit, and Walter Dean Burnham, eds. The
American Party Systems: Stages of Political Development.
New York: Oxford University Press, 1975.
Gienapp, William E. The Origins of the Republican Party, 1852–1856.
New York: Oxford University Press, 1987.
Hofstadter, Richard. The Age of Reform; from Bryan to F.D.R.
New York: Knopf, 1955.
Key, V. O. Jr. Politics, Parties, and Pressure Groups, 5th ed. New York:
Crowell, 1964.
159

Sartori, Giovanni. Parties and Party Systems: A Framework for
Analysis. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1976.
Silbey, Joel H. The American Political Nation, 1838–1893. Stanford,
CA: Stanford University Press, 1991.
Sundquist, James. Dynamics of the Party System: Alignment and
Realignment of Political Parties in the United States. Washington,
DC: Brookings Institution, 1983.
Young, James S. The Washington Community, 1800–1828. New York:
Harcourt, Brace and World, 1966.

American political parties and elections

Chapter 3
Appleton, Andrew M., and Daniel S. Ward. State Party Proﬁles: A
Fifty-State Guide to Development, Organization, and Resources.
Washington, DC: Congressional Quarterly, 1997.
Cotter, Cornelius P. et al. Party Organization in American Politics.
Westport, CT: Praeger, 1984.
Mayhew, David R. Placing Parties in American Politics: Organization,
Electoral Settings, and Government Activity in the Twentieth
Century. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1986.
Reichley, James. The Life of the Parties: A History of American Political
Parties. Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 2000.
Riordan, William L. Plunkitt of Tammany Hall : A Series of Very Plain
Talks on Very Practical Politics. Edited with an introduction by
Terrence J. McDonald. New York: Bedford/St. Martin’s Press, 1993.

Chapter 4
Campbell, Angus, Philip E. Converse, Warren E. Miller, and Donald
A. Stokes. The American Voter. New York: Wiley, 1960.
Key, V. O. Jr. Politics, Parties, and Pressure Groups, 5th ed. New York:
Crowell, 1964.
Miller, Warren E., and J. Merrill Shanks., The New American Voter
Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1996.
Rapoport, Ronald B., and Walter J. Stone. Three’s a Crowd: The
Dynamic of Third Parties, Ross Perot, and Republican Resurgence.
Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 2005.
Stanley, Harold W., and Richard G. Niemi. ‘‘Partisanship, Party
Coalitions, and Group Support, 1952–2004.’’ Presidential Studies
Quarterly 36, no. 2 (June 2006), 172–88.
160

Chapter 5
Cook, Rhodes. The Presidential Nominating Process. Lanham, MD:
Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 2004.
Malbin, Michael J., ed. The Election After Reform: Money, Politics, and
the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act. Lanham, MD: Rowman &
Littleﬁeld, 2006.
Mayer, William G., ed. The Making of the Presidential Candidates
2004. Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 2004.
Polsby, Nelson W., and Aaron Wildavsky. Presidential Elections:
Strategies and Structures of American Politics. Lanham, MD:
Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 2004.
Wayne, Stephen. The Road to the White House, 2004: The Politics of
Presidential Elections. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2004.

Chapter 6

Chapter 7
Fiorina, Morris. Culture War? The Myth of a Polarized America. White
Plains, NY: Longman, 2005.
Maisel, L. Sandy, Darrell M. West, and Brett Clifton. Evaluating
Campaign Quality: Can the Electoral Process Be Improved?
New York: Cambridge University Press, 2007.
Wattenberg, Martin. Is Voting for Young People? New York: Longman,
2006.

161

For further reading

Herrnson, Paul S. Congressional Elections: Campaigning at Home and
in Washington. Washington, DC: Congressional Quarterly Press,
2004.
Jacobson, Gary C. The Politics of Congressional Elections. New York:
Longman, 2004.
Malbin, Michael J., ed. The Election after Reform: Money, Politics, and
the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act Meets Politics. Lanham, MD:
Rowman & Littleﬁeld, 2006.
Watson, Robert P., and Colton C. Campbell, eds. Campaigns and
Elections: Issues, Concepts, Cases. Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner, 2003.

This page intentionally left blank

Index
A

Western programmatic parties
v., 58
Anglophiles, 32–33

Abolition movement, 35
Abortion, 87
Abramoff, Jack, 130
Activists
concerned with policy, 84
party, 84
Adams, John Quincy, 29, 30–32,
34, 41
African American voters, 47–48,
48, 50, 81, 109
Agricultural production, decline
in, 36
Alexander, Lamar, 101
Alito, Samuel, 82
America, rural, 36
American creed, 26
American democracy, xiv, 135
deﬁned by presidential
elections, 11
deﬁning characteristics of, 3
examining/evaluating, 3, 15
as exemplary model, 2
fundamental tenets of, 23
higher standards
needed for, 2
pillar of, 20
American electoral system, 1,
142, 147
evaluating, 134
ﬂawed, 91
as two-party system, 23, 147
American political parties, 29–33
as decentralized organizations,
71–72
as institutions, 40–46
reﬂecting policy divisions within
electorate, 46

B
Ballot(s), 5–8
access thresholds, 124
candidate names on, 96, 121
counting issues, 109
falloff on, 5
length, 5–8
placement on, 7
qualifying for, 121
slots, ﬁlling, 41
Biden, Joe, 62
Big business, 36
Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act
(2002), 113, 140
Bradley, Bill, 102
Brooks, David, 82
Bryan, William Jennings, 36
Buchanan, James, 35
Burke, Edmund, 29
Burr, Aaron, 31, 32
Bush, George H.W.,
74, 103, 104
Bush, George W., 6, 59, 81, 86, 92,
100–101, 107, 114, 116
Gore v., 10, 91, 110, 138
as minority winner, 16, 21
preemptive approach of, 100

C
Campaign(s). See also Bipartisan
Campaign Finance Reform
Act; Fundraising; Money;
163

American Political Parties and Elections

differences, 75
early, 13
eligible, 120–21
employing catchy slogans, 41
Federalist-controlled, 31
fundraising, 100, 101
House, 67
independent, 23, 88–89
lesser-known, 5–6
minimal viability of, 100
minor party, 23, 24
parties as service organizations
for, 45
presidential, 13
primary, 97
quality of, 143–44
recruiting/de-recruiting, 42, 67,
121–23, 125
Republican, 120, 125
residency rules for, 17
Senate, 67
speeches, 53
spoiler, 22
strategies, 95, 111–12
vice presidential, 13
Carpetbagger, 16
Carter, Jimmy, 131
Casey, Robert P., 87
Casey, Robert P., Jr., 87
Caucus(es), 96, 99
Congressional, 41
dates, 99
Iowa, 98–99, 103–4, 138
Chief justice of United States, 3
Christians, conservative
rise of, 40
voting Republican, 40
Churchill, Winston, 147
Citizens
accessing information, 2
bored by electoral process, 2
of democracy, 1
dissatisﬁed with two-party
system, 25, 147
expressed preferences of, 2

Presidential campaign(s);
Primary campaigns
analysts, 133–34
Bush, George W., 15
candidate-centered, 70
committees overseeing, 45
contributions, 140–41
coordinating, 70
cost of, 140
discourse, 144–46
ﬁnance, 45, 70, 102, 143
ﬁnance reform, 113, 139–40
information gathered for, 53
Kerry, 15, 73
lack of substance in, 133
management system, 24–25
media coverage of, 131–32, 145
monitoring, 62–63
negative, 132–33, 144–45
organization, 13, 53
platforms, 74
polling, 53
quality of, 130–33
resources, 66–67
strategists, 53
technologies, 45, 52–53
use of Internet in, 52, 61, 73
volunteers, 72–73
Campaign technique(s), 52–54, 73.
See also Dean
changes in, 52
parties adopting, 41
of personal contact, 52
radio as, 52
rethinking, 45
Candidate(s), 2, 35, 89–90, 126.
See also Incumbents
of 1824, 34
amateur, 121
appeal of, 102
avoiding substance, 131
centered campaigns, 70
centrist, 102
choosing, 96–97
Democratic, 36, 120, 125
164

Constitutional Convention of 1787,
single-member districts
discussed at, 17
Cook County machine, 43
Cook Political Report, 117
Crawford, William J., 34
Credit, 36
Creed
American, 26
democratic, xiv
Crump machine, 57
Curley, James Michael, 56–57

generating support of, 2
government and, 23
identifying voting, 96
in parliamentary system, 4
receiving political information,
131, 132
rights of, 2
voting to withhold consent from
policy, 4–5
Civil rights, 81
movement, 48
Civil service system, 43
Civil War, 25, 35, 38, 47
Clay, Henry, 34
Cleveland, Grover, 36
Clinton, Bill, 74, 92, 156n2
Clinton, Hillary Rodham, 16, 105
Committee(s). See also National
committees
Hill, 64–67
overseeing campaigns, 45
party, 72
Competition
among Democratic-Republicans,
33
deﬁning, 142
district lines restricting, 20
electoral, 126
for House seats, 129
intraparty, 93
lack of, 117–18, 128, 142–44
for nominations, 123–24
party, 42
in two-party system, 25–26
variables determining
primary, 123
Conﬂict of interest, 12
Congress, 4. See also Caucus(es);
District(s)
Democrat-controlled, 38
elections in, 128–30
mandating single-member
districts, 18
Republican-controlled, 37
Constituents, 41

D

165

Index

Daley, Richard J., 43, 44, 57, 123
Dean, Howard, 52–54, 59–62, 66,
73, 100, 102
Debate(s)
preparation, 53
presidential, 115–16
Declaration of Independence, 26
Deﬁcit spending, 37
DeLay, Tom, 130
Delegates, 150n6
apportioning, 95
national convention, 97–98
selecting, 96–97
state party organization selecting,
96
Democracy(ies), 2, 96. See also
American democracy; Creed
citizens of, 1
factors determining effectiveness
of, 1–2
Jacksonian, 41
representative, 1
world’s, 1
Democratic National Committee,
59, 63t, 68
Chairs, 60t, 62
Democratic-Republicans, 148n4
deﬁning partisanship, 33
electoral competition among, 33
splitting with Federalists, 33–34

American Political Parties and Elections

Democrats/Democratic party, 22,
23, 25, 34–35, 61–62, 65–66,
77, 130, 150n5
2006 sweep, 130
activists, 84–85
beginnings of, 37
candidates, 36, 120, 125
controlling Congress, 38
on domestic issues, 38
extreme social positions of, 38–39
identifying, 78–83, 86–88
as isolationists, 38
nominating process, 119
as party of amnesty, 39
Reagan, 39
socially conservative, 39
in South, 38
support for, 81
system of proportional
representation, 97
voters, 38
Depression
of 1893, 36
Great, 37, 43
Discrimination, 48
District(s). See also Single-member
districts
21st century congressional, 18–20
diverse populations of, 19
geographic, 19
increased racial diversity in, 20
lines restricting competition, 20
multimember, 17, 18, 20, 24
plan, 107
Dole, Bob, 93, 104
Dole, Elizabeth, 101

set terms for, 8–10
Election(s), xiv. See also Fundraising;
Instant-Runoff Voting;
Plurality election winners
1824, 34
1896, 36, 37
2004, 113
2006, 129, 142
Congressional, 128–30
Day, 137
direct, 108–9
fair/effective, 130–31
framework rules underlying, 26
frequency of, 8, 137
general, rules of, 92
gubernatorial, 126–28
increasing number of, 51
key to winning, 66–67
laws, 6
linking people and government, xiv
media and, 126, 131–32
nonmajority winners in, 21–22
nonpartisan, 23–24
open/closed, 119
rules governing, 2
runoff, 21, 108
Senatorial, 126–28
state, federal v., 6–8
state legislative, 128–30
states using at-large, 18
timing of, 6–8, 10
turnout in, 7t
understanding, xiv–xv
Election laws, state government
changing, 6
Electoral College system, 91,
106–7
alternatives to, 107–9
in contemporary context, 12–14
discouraging third parties, 108
functioning of, 13
legitimacy of, 31
questioned efﬁcacy of, 23
reasons for, 11–12
as result of compromise, 12

E
Economic advancement, programs
of, 35
Economy, 37
Eisenhower, Dwight D., 44–45, 50
Elected ofﬁcials, 4, 5
increasing number of, 51
166

signiﬁcance of, 15–16
strategic implications
of, 110–12
technical workings of, 106–7
understanding, 11
winner-take-all aspect of, 13–15,
24, 108
Electoral competition, 33, 126
Electoral institutions, 2
Electoral outcomes, 3
Electoral politics, 51
Electoral process, xiv, 54–55
changes in, 76
citizens bored by, 2
establishing legitimacy of, 31
information needed for, 131
objective of, 51
popular participation in, 40–41
Electoral scenarios, 7t
Electoral votes
cast on state-by-state basis, 15
popular v., 15
Electorate. See also Political
parties
appealing to, 51–52
expansion of, 47–51
independents in, 89
informed, 131
issues dividing, 40
party in, 78–80
Electors, 148n5
allocation of, 14
choosing, 12–13
faithless, 107
popularly chosen, 51
winner-take-all method for
selecting, 13
Executive branch, 3

as source of aid, 43
state government v., 5
Federalism, 3
Federalist 10 (Madison), 28
Federalist 56 (Madison), 17
Federalists, 30, 32–33, 45, 148n3
disappearance of, 33, 49
split with DemocraticRepublicans, 33–34
Feingold, Russ, 113, 140
Fillmore, Millard, 34–35
Florida, 10, 110
Founders, 28, 30
Free-Soil party, 34
Fremont, James C., 35
Fundraisers, ingenuity of, 101
Fundraising, 8, 53, 61, 72, 101–2,
154n14. See also Money;
Presidential campaign(s)
candidates, 100, 101

Gender, 83
Giuliani, Rudolph, 105
Goldwater, Barry, 38
Gore, Al, 16, 21, 93, 102, 105
Bush, George W., v., 10, 91, 110, 138
Government(s). See also Federal
government; State government
characterized by separation of
powers, 3
citizens and, 23
coalition, 24
decisions reﬂecting people’s
will, xiv
dependent on people’s consent,
26–27
elections linking people to, xiv
as employer of last resort, 37
parties as means to organize, 43
party in, 86–88
powers of, 4
purpose of, 26
voters inﬂuencing, 2

F
Fair Vote, 128
Federal Election Campaign Act,
100–101, 112–13
Federal government
167

Index

G

Governors, 51
popularly elected, 51
Grant, Ulysses S., 36
Green, William J., 57

American political parties as,
40–46
changes in functioning of, 46
electoral, 2
Issue(s)
advocacy groups, 113
ballot-counting, 109
Democrats on domestic, 38
dividing electorate, 40
policy, overlapping, 40
state, 8
wedge, 40

American Political Parties and Elections

H
Hague, Frank, 57
Hamilton, Alexander, 28, 29, 29,
30, 32
Hanging chad, 106
Harper v. Virginia State Board of
Elections, 47
Harrison, William Henry, 41
Hayes, Rutherford B., 16
Hill committees, 64–67
Hoover, Herbert, 37
House of Representatives, 4, 11, 12,
17, 32, 34, 124
seats, competition for, 129
Hurricane Katrina, 61

J
Jackson, Andrew, 34, 40–41
Jackson, Jesse, 125
Jacksonian period, 40–41
Jefferson, Thomas, 28, 29, 29, 31–33
Jeffords, Jim, 23, 88
Jim Crow laws, 47
Johnson, Lyndon B., 18, 19, 44,
49, 86
Judicial branch, 3

I
Immigrants, 35–36
Impeachment, 3
Incumbents, 66–67, 117–18, 124,
125
advantage, 143
House, 129
reelection of, 128–29
Independent(s), 79, 88–89, 155n2
candidates, 23, 88–89
in electorate, 89
excluded from primaries, 96
identifying, 88–89
party organization, 88
Industrialists, 36, 37
Industrialization, 35
Industry, leaders of, 35
Instant-Runoff Voting, 22–23,
155n20
democratic advantage of, 22–23
disadvantage of, 22
Institutions. See also Party(ies)

K
Kennedy, John F., 57, 81, 86
Kerry, John, 15, 73, 81, 92, 99, 102
Keynesian economic doctrine, 37
King, Angus, 25
King Caucus, 41

L
Labor, 38
Lamont, Ned, 70, 122
Law(s)
election, 6
Jim Crow, 47
multimember district, 18
redistricting, 19, 143
registration, 136–37
variations in state, 70–71
Lawrence, David, 57
168

N

Leaders
industry, 35
local v. national, 72
party, 71, 85–86, 100
Legislative branch, 3
Lehrer, Jim, 116
Liberty party, 34
Lieberman, Joe, 62, 71, 118, 122
Lincoln, Abraham, 35, 52
Local party organizations,
71–73

M
Machine(s). See also Party
machines
Cook County, 43
Crump, 57
Pendergast, 57
Republicans/Republican party,
43
state party, 68–69
Madison, James, 17, 28, 29
Majority rule, 12, 14, 20–21
democratic goal of, 23
McCain, John, 101–2, 105, 113, 140
Media
coverage of campaigns, 131–32,
145–46
elections and, 126, 131–32
Mehlman, Ken, 59–62
Midwest farmers, 36
Minor parties, 22–25, 155n1
Missouri Compromise, 34, 35
Modern political parties,
development of, 33–45
Mondale, Walter, 93
Money, 147. See also Campaign(s)
hard, 113–14
soft, 113–14
spent by issue advocacy groups, 113
strategically spending, 114
Morris, Gouverneur, 29
Multimember districts, 17, 18,
20, 24

169

Index

Narrowcasting, 52
Nation building, 31–32
National committees, 41
staff, electoral roles of,
66–68
transfers from, to state
committees, 64t
National conventions, 73–74
delegates, 97, 98
National party(ies)
1992 platforms, 74–75
chairs, 59, 60t, 64
leaders v. local
leaders, 72
National party organization(s), 68
staff, 62–66
state party organization
paralleling, 69
National Republicans, 34
New Deal, 37, 38, 43
coalition, 80, 83
Nixon, Richard, 9, 38, 109
Nominating process, 92, 113,
118–19
controlling, 43
critiquing, 103–4
Democratic, 119, 123–24
front-loaded, 99, 138–39
pragmatic view of, 125–26
problem of, 103
Republican, 119, 123
role of party organization in,
121–23
solving problems of, 104
state, 119
understanding, 125
Nomination(s)
analyzing presidential, 94t
competition for, 123–24
contested, 124
conventions, 95
funding, 100
old method of, 41

adopting campaign techniques, 41
afﬁliation, 77, 83
allegiance, 78, 81–82
alternatives to major, 34
base, appealing to, 85
bosses, 56, 57
coalitions, 83
committees, 72
concept of, 89
control, 43
decline of, 66
divisions between, 35, 40,
152n6
in electorate, 78–80
Free-Soil, 34
gilded age of, 42, 46, 56, 85
governance, 98
in government, 86–88
history, 46, 122
identiﬁcation, 78–80, 150n1,
151n4
inﬂuence, extremes of, 122–23
as institutions, 40
key role for today’s, 67
labels, 34
leaders, 71, 85–86, 100
Liberty, 34
loyalties, 34, 38
as means to organize
government, 43
membership, 78, 119
minor, 22–25, 155n1
ofﬁceholders, 87
of patronage, 42, 84
period, 46
platforms/positions, 74, 85
as political institutions, 46
politicians associated with, 86
politics, 34, 35
Progressive, 16
recruiting loyalists, 42
recruiting/de-recruiting
candidates, 42, 121–23, 125
as resilient institutions, 114
role of, 46

Nomination(s) (cont.)
by plurality, 124
of war heroes, 52
winning, 124–25
Nominees, 92
presidential, 93–95, 115
presumptive, 93
Nonmajority winners, 21–22
Nonparty period, 46

American Political Parties and Elections

O
Obama, Barack, 105
Organization(s). See also National
party organization(s); Party
organization(s); State party
organization(s)
American political parties as
decentralized, 71–72
campaign, 13, 53
Independent party, 88
local party, 71–73
parties as candidate service, 45

P
Parliamentary system
citizens in, 4
system of separation of powers v., 4
Partisan balance, 40
Partisan conﬂict, 88
Partisan differences, 40
Partisan gerrymandering, 20
Partisan politics, 40
Partisanship, DemocraticRepublicans deﬁning, 33
Party(ies). See also American
political parties; Competition;
Democrats/Democratic party;
Fundraising; National
party(ies); Organization(s);
Political parties; Republicans/
Republican party; State
party(ies); Two-party system
activists, 84
170

171

Index

reﬂecting policy divisions among
electorate, 33–40
Political scientists, 77, 149n6
Politicians
adopting inﬂammatory
rhetoric, 42
African American, 125
associated with parties, 86
Politics
as art, 53
electoral, 51
as elite avocation, 49
local, 85
party, 34, 35
of patronage, 34
of personality, 34
power, 36
presidential, 101
slavery dominating, 34–35
Poll(s)
campaigns using, 53
tax, 47
Popular vote
electoral v., 10, 108
plurality winner of, 14
Populists, 36
Postparty period, 46
Power(s), 5. See also Separation of
powers
of government, 4
locus of, 72
money controlling, 72
politics, 36
Senators holding, 72
United States becoming
industrial, 36
Preparty period, 46
President, 3, 51. See also American
democracy
choosing/electing, 10–12, 14–16,
51, 91–92
House of Representatives
electing, 14
nominees for, 93–95
term limits for, 38

as service organizations for
candidates, 46
States Rights, 16
system, 18, 31
third, 34, 108
unifying, 97–98
Unity Score, 87, 151n8
Whig, 34
Party machines, 42, 56
decline of, 43, 58
dominating urban areas, 42
fuel running, 43
Republican, 43
state level, 43
turn-of-century peak, 43
Party organization(s), 57–58, 66,
68, 71, 76, 84–86, 89–90
for independents, 88
in nominating process, 121–23
Pendergast machine, 57
Pendergast, Tom, 57
People, government and, xiv,
26–27
Perot, H. Ross, 88
Plunkitt, George Washington, 56
Plurality election winners, 14, 20,
24, 124
Policy(ies). See also American
political parties; Political
parties
activists concerned with, 84
debates, 36
issues overlapping, 40
of Roosevelt, Franklin Delano, 37
views, 85
voters impacting, 2, 3
Political groups, analyzing
afﬁliations of, 80–83
Political parties, 28. See also
American political parties;
Modern political parties
adaptation by, 45
development as campaign
organization, 13
loyalty to, 33

American Political Parties and Elections

Presidential campaign(s)
2008, 115–16
full public funding for, 112–13
funding, 112–14
Presidential election(s), 154n19
2000, 137–38
2008, 114–16
deﬁning American democracy,
11
process of, 137–39
Presidential nomination(s)
2008, 104–6
process of, 137–39
Presidential politics, big money
dominating, 101
Primary(ies), 153n9
blanket, 120
candidates, 97
closed, 120
competition, 123
dates, 99
independents excluded from, 96
New Hampshire, 98, 103–4, 138
noncontested, 124
open, 96, 120
presidential preference, 96
runoff, 124–25
states deciding dates of, 99–100
whites only, 47
winners, 124
Primary campaigns
funding, 100–101
strategies, 100–102
Proportional representation, 97
Protestants, establishment
nonfundamentalist, 82

democratizing, 13
efforts, consequences of, xv
welfare, 43
Religious right, 82–84, 87
Representative democracies, 1
Representatives
connecting constituents to, 41
local, defending local
interests, 15
Republican National Committee,
59, 63t, 68
Chairs, 60t
Republicans/Republican party, 23,
25, 34–35, 130. See also
Democratic-Republicans;
National Republicans
activists, 84–85
beginnings of, 37
candidates, 120, 125
conservative Christians voting
for, 40
controlling Congress, 37
identifying, 77–83, 86–88
machines, 43
as party of big business/afﬂuent, 38
prevented from domination, 36
as pro-life party, 87
reeling from scandals, 130
in South, 38
Revolutionary War, 30
Reynolds, Tom, 66
Rights. See also Suffrage; Voting
Rights Act of 1965; Woman’s
suffrage
citizens’, 2
Civil, 81
Civil, movement, 48
inequality of political, 47
women’s, 48–49
Romney, Mitt, 87
Roosevelt, Franklin Delano, 9, 37,
44, 52, 80. See also New Deal
policies of, 37
Roosevelt, Theodore, 37
Russert, Tim, 110

R
Race, 83
Reagan, Ronald, 39, 39, 131
Reconstruction in 1876, 35
Redistricting laws, 19, 143
Reform, 112, 157n6
campaign ﬁnance, 113
172

S
Sanders, Bernie, 23, 88
Scandals, 36, 130
Schumer, Charles, 66
Senate, 3, 11
electing vice president, 14
residency rules for, 17
Senators, 4, 51, 65, 68–69
chosen by state legislators, 43
holding power, 72
Seneca Falls convention,
Declaration of Sentiments, 48
Separation of powers, system of, 4,
24, 27, 147
consequences of, 4
governments characterized by, 3
Parliament v., 4
Silbey, Joel, 46
Silver standard, 36
Single-member districts,
17–20, 24
Congress mandating, 18
discussed at 1787 Constitutional
Convention, 17
enhancing representation of
partisan interests, 20
history of, 17
reapportionment acts for, 18
representing partisan interests, 18
use of, 20
Slavery, 11–12, 34
dominating politics, 34–35
Soft money. See money
South, 125
Democratic, 38
Republican, 38
Soviet Union, 1
State(s)
closed-primary v. open-primary,
120
constitutions, 4
deciding primary dates, 99–100
elections, federal v., 8
free, 35
173

Index

issues, 8
laws, variations in, 70–71
legislative elections, 128–30
methods for choosing
electorates, 13
nominating process, 119
slave-holding, 11–12, 35, 47
small/large compromising, 12
using at-large elections, 18
State committees. See National
committees
State government
changing election laws, 6
federal government v., 5
State party(ies)
bosses, 68–69
conventions, 75–76
machines, 68, 69
State party organization(s),
68–71
budget for, 69
paralleling national party
organizations, 69
rejuvenation of, 69–70
selecting delegates, 96
staff, 69
States Rights Party, 16
Suffrage
extended to blacks, 47
universal, 47
woman’s, 48–50
Supreme Court, 10, 18, 20, 47, 113
System(s). See also American
electoral system; Electoral
College system; Separation of
powers; Two-party system
campaign management,
24–25
civil service, 43
party, 18, 31
of proportional representation,
97
voting, 97
winner-take-all, 13–15, 24,
97, 108

American Political Parties and Elections

T

V

Tax, poll, 47
Taylor, Zachary, 41
Third parties, 34
electoral college system
discouraging, 108
Three-ﬁfths compromise, 11
Thurmond, Strom, 16, 49
Truman, Harry S., 9, 9, 49, 57
Truth of self-evidence, 26
Twain, Mark, 45
Two-party system, 23–26, 28
American electoral system as,
23, 147
citizens dissatisﬁed with, 25, 147
competition in, 25–26, 45
continued dominance of, 25
Tyler, John, 41

Vice president, 3
Senate electing, 14
Vietnam War, 50
challenging traditional party
loyalties, 38
opposition to, 38
Vote(s). See also Popular vote
counting, 137, 139
getting out the, 41, 42
magic number of electoral, 110–11
no-conﬁdence, 10
right to, 47
Voter(s). See also Electorate
accessing information, 2
African American, 47–48, 50, 81,
109
average, 42
Catholic, 81
Democratic, 38
eligible, 119–20
Hispanic, 81–82, 109
identifying citizen, 96
impacting policy, 2
inﬂuencing government policy, 2
Jewish, 81, 83
loyalty, 44
minority, 109
native white southerner, 81
northern white ethnic, 82
racial minority, 48
switching between parties, 78–79
taxpaying requirement for, 47
techniques for reaching, 52
union member, 81
use of inﬂammatory rhetoric to
excite, 42
white male property owning, 47
women, appealing to, 50
young, 50–51
Voter turnout, 1–2, 7, 8, 22, 47, 116,
135–37, 146–47, 156n2
African American, 48

U
Union(s), 38
labor, 38
members, 81
United States. See also American
democracy
becoming industrial power, 36
chief justice of, 3
constitutional framework for, 3
voter turnout in, 136
U.S. Constitution, 3–4, 28
10th Amendment to, 4
12th Amendment to, 13
15th Amendment to, 47
17th Amendment to, 51,
65, 69
19th Amendment to, 49
23rd Amendment to, 14
24th Amendment to, 47
26th Amendment to, 50
Connecticut Compromise of, 11
institutional framework in, 27
ratiﬁed, 13

174

in United States v. other
countries, 136
Voting
age, lowering, 50
behavior, 126
extended to all taxpayers, 49
legal restrictions on, 47
as obligation v. right, 137
removing property-owning
requirement for, 47
Voting Rights Act of 1965, 18, 20,
47, 48, 156n2

Welfare reforms, 43
Whig party, 34
Wilson, Woodrow, xv, 37
Winner(s)
ﬁrst-past-the-past, 21
majority, 21–22
minority, 16, 21
nonmajority, 21–22
plurality election, 14, 20,
24, 124
primary, 124
super-plurality, 22
take-all system, 13–15, 24,
97, 108
Woman’s suffrage, 48–49
opposition to, 50
Wood v. Broom, 18
World War II, 9, 37, 38

W
Walters, Amy, 117
Washington, George, 12, 30, 38
farewell address of, 28

Index

175

