Antisemitism: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:

AFRICAN HISTORY

THE HISTORY OF

AMERICAN POLITICAL

ASTRONOMY MichaelHoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini

PARTIES AND
ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN

AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland

PRESIDENCY Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw

THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS

John Parker and Richard Rathbone

ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY
Julia Annas

ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom

ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE

Anthony Wright

BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS
Damien Keown

CAPITALISM James Fulcher

ANIMAL RIGHTS DavidDeGrazia
Antisemitism Steven Beller

THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY

ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE

CHRISTIAN ART

John Blair

Andrew Ballantyne

ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland

Michael Allingham
Beth Williamson

CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson

CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales

CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR
Robert McMahon

CONSCIOUSNESS
Susan Blackmore

CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass

CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY

THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION
John Pinder

EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth

COSMOLOGY Peter Coles

EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters

THE CRUSADES

THE FIRST WORLD WAR

Simon Critchley

Christopher Tyerman

CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy

DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins

DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim

Michael Howard

FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle

FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM

DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell

GALILEO Stillman Drake

DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM

Game Theory Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds

Patricia Aufderheide

Malise Ruthven

GLOBAL CATASTROPHES

DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen

GLOBALIZATION

THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta

GLOBAL WARMING

EGYPTIAN MYTH
Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Paul Langford

Bill McGuire
Manfred Steger
Mark Maslin

THE GREAT DEPRESSION
AND THE NEW DEAL
Eric Rauchway

HABERMAS
James Gordon Finlayson

HEGEL Peter Singer

MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE
John Phillips

HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott

MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS

HISTORY John H. Arnold
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION

MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN

Bernard Wood

HUMAN RIGHTS
Andrew Clapham

HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INDIAN PHILOSOPHY

Timothy Gowers

John Gillingham and
Ralph A. Grifﬁths

MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN IRELAND
Senia Pašeta

MOLECULES Philip Ball

INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary

MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby

INTERNATIONAL
MIGRATION Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL

THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe

RELATIONS Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves

NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie

JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan

NORTHERN IRELAND

KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner

PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig

THE KORAN Michael Cook
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews

PHILOSOPHY OF LAW

LITERARY THEORY

PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE

Sue Hamilton

Jonathan Culler

and H. C. G. Matthew
Marc Mulholland

Raymond Wacks
Samir Okasha

LOCKE John Dunn

PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards

LOGIC Graham Priest

PLATO Julia Annas

POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL
PHILOSOPHY David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM
Robert Young

POSTMODERNISM
Christopher Butler

POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey

PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne

PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus

PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne

RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RENAISSANCE
Jerry Brotton

RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson

ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly

ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE
Catriona Kelly

THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith

SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone

SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway

SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just

SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham

SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford–Strevens

TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC
Philip Bohlman

THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:

Expressionism
Katerina Reed–Tsocha

Galaxies John Gribbin
Geography John Matthews and
David Herbert

Rana Mitter

Nuclear Weapons
Joseph M. Siracusa

German Literature
Nicholas Boyle

HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
The Meaning of Life
Terry Eagleton

Memory Jonathan Foster
Modern China

Quakerism Pink Dandelion
Science and Religion
Thomas Dixon

Sexuality
Véronique Mottier

For more information visit our web site
www.oup.co.uk/general/vsi/

Steven Beller

Antisemitism
A Very Short Introduction

1

1
Great Clarendon Street, Oxford ox2 6dp
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
c Steven Beller 2007

The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First Published as a Very Short Introduction 2007
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 978–0–19–289277–5
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain
on acid-free paper by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

Contents

Acknowledgements xi
List of illustrations xiii

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

What is antisemitism? 1
The burden of the past 11
The Chosen People 23
The culture of irrationalism 40
The perils of modernity 55
Concatenations 72
Consequences 86
After Auschwitz 98
References and further reading 120
Index 126

This page intentionally left blank

Acknowledgements

Writing a Very Short Introduction to any subject has its problems
and challenges, but I suspect writing one on such a sensitive and
unfortunately all too relevant topic as antisemitism is just asking
for trouble. To what extent I have avoided this, while still adding
some light to an emotion-laden and indeed horror-ﬁlled subject, I
leave to the reader’s judgement. That I attempted it at all is partly
due to a suggestion by Christopher Clark, whom I nevertheless
thank. An anonymous reader and David Sorkin offered me
generous and invaluable advice on avoiding some major pitfalls,
and I am most grateful to both. Whether I succeeded in avoiding
those pitfalls is, however, something I alone can answer for.
Over the course of writing this book, I also learned a great deal
from the many related discussions on the Humanities Net’s
h-antisemitism, and am thankful for the opportunity to hone
some of my ideas in that forum. The University of Cambridge;
University College, London; American University; Georgetown
University; the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton; George
Washington University; the Institute for the Human Sciences and
the International Research Centre for Cultural Studies, both in
Vienna, also provided the opportunity to learn with students and
exchange views with colleagues, from all of which I very much
beneﬁted. To the many colleagues and friends in other academic
and non-academic settings in Britain, America, Europe, Israel,

and elsewhere who have helped and stimulated me to think on
this topic, I also give thanks. I trust they will understand if here I
thank just two representative of all: Ivar Oxaal and Peter Pulzer.
I would further like to thank Oxford University Press for allowing
me to write this book in the VSI series, and for their great patience
in seeing the project through, especially George Miller, Marsha
Filion, and, in the end, Luciana O’Flaherty and James Thompson.
I would also like to thank Zoë Spilberg for her diligence and
persistence in arranging for the illustrations for the book; and
Alyson Silverwood for copy-editing.
To my parents, Milton and Hermi Beller, I owe the opportunity to
be able to write this book in the ﬁrst place, and not a little, I
suspect, of the motivation to do so. To my most generous
parents-in-law, Andrew and Doris Brimmer, I also wish to express
my deepest gratitude for their multi-faceted support. To their
daughter, my wife, Esther Diane Brimmer, I owe as much as a
man is able. To her, above all, I owe the existence of my son,
Nathaniel Alexander Brimmer-Beller. It is to him and the memory
of his grandfather, Milton Beller, that this book is dedicated – in
the hope that the world my son inherits is one in which the subject
of this book, so much a part of my father’s world, is but a distant
and painful lesson of a former time. We can but hope: there is
always next year.
Steven Beller, Washington DC, at Passover, 2007

List of illustrations

1 ‘Synagogue’, Strasbourg
Cathedral (c. 1230) 10

7

‘Inexplicable, what one
experiences’, cartoon
(1883) 50

8

Adolf Stöcker
(1835–1909) 62

c akg-images


2 William of Norwich, print
(15th century) 12

c Art Directors/Trip


c The Jewish Museum, London


3 ‘Jewish Pig’, Wittenberg 22
c Art Directors/Trip


9

‘Do I look like I would eat
Jews?’, caricature (1892) 67
c Hulton Archive/Getty Images


4

‘A Propos de Judas Dreyfus’,
caricature (1894) 26
c Leonard de Selva/Corbis


5 Victims from Kishinev
(1903) 29
c The Jewish Museum, London


6 Arthur Rackham, ‘The
Rhinemaidens Teasing
Alberich’ (1911) 45
c Private collection/The Bridgeman

Art Library

10 Henry Ford (1863–1947) 80
c Hulton Archive/Getty Images


11 ‘The Eternal Jew’, Nazi poster
(1937) 85
c akg-images


12 Jews scrubbing the street in
Vienna, March 1938 89
c Bettmann/Corbis


13 Auschwitz: toothbrushes 97
c Pieter Boersma Photography


14 The Jewish Danger: The
Protocols of the Elders of
Zion (c. 1940) 112
c Private collection/Archives

Charmet/The Bridgeman Art Library

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Chapter 1
What is antisemitism?

Antisemitism is a hatred of Jews that has stretched across
millennia and across continents; or it is a relatively modern
political movement and ideology that arose in Central Europe in
the late 19th century and achieved its evil apogee in the Holocaust;
or it is the irrational, psychologically pathological version of an
ethnocentric and religiocentric anti-Judaism that originated in
Christianity’s conﬂict with its Jewish roots – and achieved its evil
apogee in the Holocaust; or it is a combination of all of these. It all
depends on how one deﬁnes the term. This book will focus on the
political movement and ideology: how it came about, how its
ideological claims became integrated into European and Western
political, but also social, intellectual, and cultural, life, and how
the particular Central European context enabled it to lead into the
Holocaust.
Some concepts, such as communism, while complicated to
explain, are fairly simple to deﬁne and identify as an ideology and
political movement, and just that. Antisemitism, in contrast, is a
highly ambivalent, even multivalent term, which can cause great
confusion. As with communism, it is deﬁnable as a self-styled
ideology and political movement, set up in 1879 by Wilhelm Marr,
as the ‘Antisemites League’, to combat ‘Semitism’ (hence the often
used, but ill-advised, orthography of ‘anti-Semitism’). Yet it is also
1

Antisemitism

often understood as a psychological category, ranging from mild
pejorative prejudice against Jews as different to the full-blown
pathology of an exterminationist, paranoid hatred of Jews as a
race out to destroy Western (Aryan) civilization; and this
psychological understanding of antisemitism has led to the latter
being seen as a deep-seated pathology not only within the psyches
of individual inhabitants of the West, but of the collective
‘discourse’ of Western civilization, and even ‘modernity’,
generally.
The study of antisemitism has also, of necessity, been dominated
by the role it played in causing the worst case of genocide in
modern history: the extermination of European Jewry that has
come to be known as the Holocaust or the Shoah. So powerful has
the Holocaust been in shaping our understanding of antisemitism
that many people deﬁne antisemitism in terms of its causation of
that genocide – in a form of ‘Whig history’ in reverse. Partly as a
result, leading authorities in the ﬁeld such as Bernard Lewis have
come to deﬁne antisemitism as only the irrational thinking that
derives from the Christian relationship to Judaism; Gavin
Langmuir has gone further, coining the term ‘chimeric’ to describe
the completely irrational, delusional thinking that could make
people believe that Jews, as a race, were so evil that they had to be
exterminated, regardless of the empirical evidence to the contrary.
The problem with this deﬁnition is that there were many
individual, self-styled ‘antisemites’ who were shocked and
horriﬁed at the murderous excess of the ‘Final Solution’, just as in
the period before the First World War there were many politicians
who campaigned as ‘antisemites’ but whose demands regarding
Jews extended to not much more than mundane discrimination,
and who rejected the extremism of others. Similarly, as I shall
argue, the developments that led to the Holocaust involved a large
degree of instrumental rationality that only remotely relied on
‘irrational’ illusions about Jews. Antisemitism and the Holocaust,
though obviously closely connected, are not identical.
Furthermore, antisemitism, if we are to make any sense of the
2

term to describe the political movement of the late 19th and 20th
centuries, cannot be conﬁned to the psychologically pathological
realm of the irrational.

It might seem redundant to claim that actual Jews have a place in
a study of antisemitism, were it not for the fact that recent
developments in the historiography of antisemitism have tended
to minimize and marginalize, even dispute any signiﬁcance at all
for, the part played by Jews as the target and foil for antisemitism.
The better histories of modern antisemitism, such as Jakob Katz’s
From Prejudice to Destruction and Peter Pulzer’s The Rise of
Political Antisemitism in Germany and Austria, usually do
acknowledge the signiﬁcance of the actual Jewish population in
the complex dialectic of the development of antisemitism. Yet
much of recent academic discussion of antisemitism has virtually
excluded the Jewish aspect from consideration.
One very understandable reason for this has been the wish to
avoid even the appearance of making Jews in any way responsible,
let alone ‘guilty’, for an enmity which led to genocide against them.
Even a very mild (if poorly articulated) form of such an assertion
in Albert Lindemann’s history of antisemitism, Esau’s Tears, was
met with outrage by prominent scholars in the ﬁeld such as Robert
3

What is antisemitism?

I intend to make clear that this political and ideological movement
could not have arisen without the context of the psychological
form of antisemitism which, for the sake of clarity, I shall call
‘Jew-hatred’. Yet the latter will not be the main focus of my
discussion of ‘antisemitism’, nor will this ideational, psychological
context be the sole context in which I discuss the political
movement. Equally signiﬁcant for the development and ‘success’
of antisemitism was the concrete historical context in which it
existed, and the speciﬁc historical events and sets of circumstances
which ‘antisemites’ experienced. A most signiﬁcant factor in this
historical context was the presence and behaviour of European
(and later American) Jews.

Antisemitism

Wistrich. Misplaced as I think it was in that instance, the outrage
nevertheless has a point. As Jean-Paul Sartre famously pointed
out many decades ago, antisemitism is not a Jewish problem, it is a
problem for non-Jews, and must primarily be viewed and
understood as such, as ‘our (non-Jews’) fault’. Hence the causes of
it, and the responsibility for it, must be sought among non-Jews,
not blamed on Jews. This is all well and good, but when taken too
literally it results in a strange self-contained world in which Jews
become a caricature of passive victimhood that quite belies their
extraordinary participation in modern world culture, thought and
history. Protected in the schema of studies of antisemitism from
having any responsible role in antisemitism’s causation, Jews are
as a result also denied any positive responsibility in Western
history, thus ironically perpetuating one of the original sources of
antisemitic prejudice, the idea that Jews are ‘outside of history’.
The main problem with much of contemporary discussion of
antisemitism, following the lead of postmodernist literary
criticism, is that it occurs on a merely discursive level, as though it
bore no relation at all to the realities of Jewish existence in the late
19th and early 20th centuries. This effectively prohibits looking at
how Jews actually interacted with non-Jewish society, because the
development of antisemitism as a ‘discourse’ is held to be
independent of the social, economic, and political reality. This
claim of autonomy is inherent to the strategy of the proponents of
the discursive methodology, such as Sander Gilman, but in the
study of antisemitism it has oddly solipsistic results.
If antisemitic discourse can be studied independently of the target
of its allegations, and if it was deeply lodged in the dominant
discourse of Western civilization, then, it follows, it is the
antisemites’ view of Jews that is signiﬁcant, not how actual Jews
were. Moreover, following this logic, because the antisemitic
discourse was dominant, empirical Jews were not only irrelevant
to the antisemitic discourse, but were effectively inﬂuenced,
shaped, and hence ‘created’, by it. Individuals of Jewish descent
4

growing up in this antisemitically informed discourse supposedly
internalized the antisemitic image of the Jew, becoming to some
degree ‘Jewish self-haters’, whose damaged, distorted psyches then
afﬁrmed the antisemitic Jewish stereotype. Just as the
‘anti-Judaism’ of the medieval Church became a self-fulﬁlling
prophecy in denigrating and oppressing Jews to such an extent
that they came to appear worthy of denigration and oppression,
so, according to students of modern antisemitism, antisemites, in
their discrimination against and rejection of modern Jews, created
a self-fulﬁlling prophecy, driving Jews to an ‘inauthenticity’ and
self-denial that conﬁrmed antisemitic preconceptions. Modern
Jewish history from this perspective, Holocaust or not, is largely
the product of antisemitism.

This nosological approach to antisemitism is problematic for at
least two reasons. First, it eerily repeats the same use of metaphors
of disease by antisemites to describe the Jewish menace, whether
5

What is antisemitism?

The ill effects of this concentration at the discursive level
concerning antisemitism have been compounded by a tendency,
ironically perhaps, to discuss antisemitism with a discourse laden
with metaphors of disease. This partially stems, no doubt, from
the sense of antisemitism’s irrationality. Hence antisemitic
ideology and discourse are seen as inherently and pathologically
irrational, a mental ‘disease’ that had infected the core of Western
civilization, and that, while endemic for centuries, reached
epidemic proportions and then pandemic proportions in the
1930s and 1940s, as the ‘madness’ of genocidal antisemitism
spread like a ‘virus’ over so much of Europe. Some such metaphors
might originally have had a valid purpose, especially for describing
the more irrational aspects of antisemitic ideology, yet, as the
previous sentence illustrates, metaphors of mental disease all too
easily become conﬂated in current descriptions of antisemitism
with metaphors of disease generally, reifying its subject as
something with a will of its own, a contagious ‘virus’, beyond the
capacity of any individual to control or combat.

Antisemitism

it be the Jew as parasite, the Jew as genetic degenerate, or the
‘virus’ of Judaeo-Bolshevism, or the need to exterminate Jews as
vermin, or bacilli. Second, by suggesting that antisemitism is a
disease, and as such an irrational force of nature, it suggests that
the individual antisemites who discriminated against, persecuted,
and murdered Jews were themselves ‘infected’ by something, an
ideology or a delusion, beyond their power, and hence not really
morally responsible for their actions. If antisemitism is a ‘disease’,
the product of the ‘diseased’ discourse of Western civilization, then
antisemitic perpetrators were not responsible for their actions, the
discourse that led them to do it is to blame. Antisemites become
victims rather than perpetrators. This obscures the instrumental
rationality often implicated in antisemitism and the moral
culpability of those involved.
A related, partly countervailing development in the study of
antisemitism has been to regard it and its genocidal result in the
Holocaust as a product of ‘modernity’. This critique, following
another postmodernist approach pioneered by Zygmunt Bauman,
neatly reverses the usual assumption that antisemitism and the
Holocaust were an atavistic, ‘irrational’ rejection of modernity, the
result of a horriﬁc survival of medieval superstition and prejudice
in an era of progress and spreading enlightenment and
modernization. Instead, it is seen as a product of social and
economic modernization, and the rationalization of complex
ethnic and social contexts. This insight of antisemitism as a
modern phenomenon has quite a long pedigree, going back at least
to the Zionist ideology of Theodor Herzl, and, as we shall see, it
contains more truth than might at ﬁrst be evident. It at least raises
the consideration that there were many rationalistic aspects to
antisemitic thought, that antisemites often regarded themselves as
participating in a ‘scientiﬁc discourse’, and that there were
‘modern’ instrumental rationalities to antisemitic practice and
policy, including the industrialization of mass murder in the
Holocaust.

6

The problem with this linkage of antisemitism and the Holocaust
with modernity is that in most instances it conﬂates too easily the
various forms of modernity and hence draws over-generalized
conclusions about a ‘modernity’ based on only one speciﬁc
German/Central European form. Responsibility for antisemitism
and the Holocaust is attributed too generously and hence
inaccurately. While emphasizing the ‘rational’ over the ‘irrational’
in the career of antisemitism, this assigning of the blame for
antisemitism on ‘modernity’ ends up coming to a similar
conclusion as the ‘diseased’ discourse of Western civilization
approach: not the antisemites themselves, but modernity and
Western civilization, are to blame for antisemitism’s monstrous
result; not the perpetrators, but all of us, are guilty.

7

What is antisemitism?

As will have become evident, I do not think that looking at
antisemitism only on the discursive level works; I think using the
metaphor of disease to describe antisemitism’s career is
perniciously deceptive; and linking antisemitism with modernity,
while leading to important insights, needs to be treated carefully
and narrowly if it is to yield accurate conclusions. I do not accept
the claim that European Jews were the creatures of Christian
Europe; despite their oppression over centuries, European Jewry,
both Sephardic and Ashkenazi, retained their own culture and
intellectual heritage, and remained an independent factor in
European society and hence history, and this became even more so
in the modern era. Conversely, the individuals who joined the
antisemitic movement, took part in the discrimination against and
persecution of Jews, and beneﬁted from this, were not only victims
of their cultural heritage, but rather made conscious, rational, if
highly immoral, choices from within that heritage, which were
inﬂuenced by the actual condition and behaviour of actual Jews.
That this heritage differed from that of other parts of the Western,
‘modern’ world nevertheless played a crucial role in enabling
antisemites to succeed within societies that were not themselves
inherently, or inevitably, antisemitic.

Antisemitism

In a Very Short Introduction only the outlines of this complex
phenomenon can be traced. Although a narrative approach is a
necessary part of explaining the dynamic of the movement of
antisemitism, such narratives are provided in several reliable
standard works on the subject. What this book attempts is to
outline the components of the phenomenon of antisemitism, and
the key, tragic interactions between these components that led to
the Holocaust. One of these interactions was between the cultural
and intellectual assumptions of European society and the social
and economic realities of modernization; another, closely related
interaction was between what Europeans believed about Jews and
the reality of Jewish existence in Europe. That these interactions
came to a head in German Central Europe was not accidental.
Understanding the reasons why this was, and why the Holocaust
did not take place elsewhere, will help us to understand
antisemitism, and also suggest some lessons for us about
combating antisemitism and other forms of prejudice in the
present and the future.

8

This page intentionally left blank

1. ‘Synagogue’, Strasbourg Cathedral (c. 1230). A common part of
medieval Christian iconography, the depiction of Judaism as a blind
woman was intended to symbolize the benighted nature of the Jewish
refusal to recognize the truth of Christianity.

Chapter 2
The burden of the past

The emergence and success of antisemitism in the late 19th and
20th centuries cannot be understood without recognition of the
large part played by a centuries-long heritage of Christian
doctrinal hostility to Jews. This ‘anti-Judaism’ was an inherent
part of Christianity after Paul, and was virtually inevitable once
Jews had rejected the essential Christian claim that Jesus of
Nazareth was the Christ. This conﬂict over beliefs led to the
institutionalization within medieval European Christendom of the
Jews as a protected, but oppressed minority. Doctrinally, Jews,
cast in Christian theology as ‘Christ’s killers’, were to be held in a
subordinate and wretched state in order to act as evidence of the
consequences of their blindness toward the truth of Christ’s
divinity, but this also meant that they were to be preserved, so that
they could eventually act as witnesses, at the Second Coming, to
that truth. As such, Jews were the sole minority faith tolerated
within the conﬁnes of Western Christendom; and Jews also clearly
played a central role, as the original Chosen People of the one God,
to Christian understanding of the world.
This peculiar, negative eminence within the medieval Christian
world view had perverse consequences for Jews and the image of
Jews. The sophistication of the Church’s doctrinal argument for
protecting Jews was often cast to one side by radical popular
movements and secular princes within Christendom. While there
11

2. ‘William of Norwich’, print from the Nuremberg Chronicle
(15th century). Found dead in 1144, ‘Saint William’, a tanner’s
apprentice, was the subject of the ﬁrst allegation of Jewish ritual
murder of a Christian child.

were episodes of persecution of Jews before the 11th century, and a
severe limitation of their economic opportunities, the ﬁrst major
outburst of popular Jew-hatred came in northwestern Europe in
the wake of the First Crusade in 1096, as mobs murdered Jews as
‘Christ’s killers’.

At the same time, the increasing restrictions on occupations open
to Jews led to a concentration of Jews on the one occupation of
moneylending (the taking of usury being theoretically proscribed
for Christians). Their exposed social position, coupled with their
expertise, also made them attractive to feudal rulers as a
controllable source of royal ﬁnancing and, with special taxes,
revenue. Viewed functionally in terms of money, Jews became
identiﬁed with money, even though most credit in the medieval
economy was still provided by Christians, whether by individuals
or institutions such as monasteries.
The situation, and the negative stereotype, of Jews worsened in
the course of the Middle Ages. Forced to wear distinctive clothing
by the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215, Jews were accused of
desecrating the Host and poisoning wells, and were denigrated in
such hideous iconography as the Judensau (Jewish pig) as no
better than animals. They were also frequently the scapegoats
when the Black Death decimated Europe in the mid-14th century.
Their continued role as creditors, especially of rulers, merely made
13

The burden of the past

This hatred then took ever more irrational, delusionary forms, so
that by the mid-12th century Jews came to be accused of the ritual
murder of Christian children, the ﬁrst such accusation coming
over the death of William of Norwich in 1144. By the mid-13th
century this had developed into the ‘blood libel’ whereby Jews
were accused of draining Christian children of their blood in order
to use it to bake matzos for Passover. Clerical and secular
authorities occasionally pointed out the fabricated nature of such
accusations, but at other times tacitly accepted them, the ‘victims’
of ritual murder becoming saints in the Catholic Church.

Antisemitism

them more the target of popular resentment, and Jews were
usually defenceless if their princely clients should decide that their
persecution, banishment, or even execution were preferable to
paying back debts. The result of this combination of popular
prejudice and ﬁnancial and political expediency was that Jews,
despite ofﬁcial Church doctrine protecting their status, were
expelled from England in 1290, France in 1394, much of Germany
by 1350, from Spain in 1492, and Portugal in 1497. Orthodox
Russia, before its imperial expansion in the 18th century, also
prided itself on being free of Jews.
The 16th and 17th centuries saw renewed persecution and an
elaboration of the Jewish negative stereotype. Martin Luther, after
an initially positive attitude to Jews, turned against them when
they rejected his demands to convert to the (his) true faith, and
bequeathed a Jew-hating heritage to Lutheranism.
Counter-Reformation Catholicism’s general intolerance also
extended to Jews, leading to the expulsion of Jews from Vienna in
1670. The re-emergence of the court Jew as ﬁnancier to emperors,
kings, and princes added to the stereotype of the Jew as the
moneyman. The archetypal Jewish ﬁgure in early modern
European popular culture was Shylock, a Jewish moneylender
who demands his Christian ‘pound of ﬂesh’. The European
conquest and colonizing of much of the rest of the world in the
early modern era spread with it this negative Jewish stereotype,
which therefore became virtually ubiquitous.
Anti-Jewish prejudice continued to receive institutional
reinforcement into the 18th century. Andreas of Rinn, a Tyrolean
ritual murder ‘victim’, was beatiﬁed in 1755; Maria Theresa
attempted to expel the Jews from Prague in 1744. Outbursts of
popular Jew-hatred continued in various parts of Europe into the
19th century, as evidenced by the Hep-Hep riots of 1819 in
Germany. The negative Jewish stereotype, developed over
centuries, clearly also survived in 19th-century European culture,
in ﬁgures such as that other archetype of English literature, Fagin.
14

Even cases of ritual murder accusations persisted, for instance in
Damascus in 1840, and Tiszaeszlar in 1882. The latter case was the
occasion for one of the ﬁrst campaigns of modern antisemitism.
Modern antisemitism could not have occurred without this
Christian-based heritage of Jew-hatred.
If anti-Jewish prejudice was a necessary condition of
antisemitism’s success, it was not, however, a sufﬁcient one. It was
not by any means constant: what Salo Baron called the
‘lachrymose version of Jewish history’ outlined above, of constant
oppression and persecution, is deceptive in as much as it omits
counter-developments and attitudes that by the 19th century had
given many European Jews a much more positive and optimistic
outlook on their future within European societies.

Moreover, European history appeared to show that attitudes to
Jews were quite capable of benevolent change. Perhaps the most
spectacular transformation occurred in England, where Jews ﬁrst
returned in 1656; by the 18th century, the English political
establishment, inﬂuenced partly by a theological philosemitism,
was quite tolerant of Jews, even pro-Jewish. While there was some
popular anti-Jewish sentiment, as evidenced by the protests
against the Jew Bill of 1753, Jews were increasingly accepted as a
part of English society. Benjamin Disraeli’s achievement in
becoming prime minister in 1874 was seen by many as a sign of
British enlightenment concerning Jews. Disraeli was admittedly
15

The burden of the past

While Jews had been expelled from most of Western Europe by
1500, they had found refuge, and a degree of prosperity, in lands
such as the Netherlands, northern Italy, and the Ottoman Empire.
They had been welcomed en masse in Poland from the 13th
century onwards, speciﬁcally to act as a commercial middle class
between the landed nobility and the peasantry. For several
centuries, Jews in Poland enjoyed relative tolerance and
prosperity, and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was home
to most of Ashkenazi Jewry into the 18th century.

Antisemitism

baptized as a child, and could not have reached his position had he
not been, but the election of the ﬁrst Jewish Lord Mayor of
London in 1855, and the admittance of the ﬁrst Jewish Member of
Parliament in 1858 and ﬁrst Member of the House of Lords in
1884 (both Rothschilds), allowed British public opinion by the late
19th century to pride itself on its positive attitude to Jews. Adolf
Stöcker’s attempts in the 1880s to spread the antisemitic message
to England’s shores were hence met with outraged
incomprehension.
By the late 19th century, most of continental Europe had enacted
full Jewish emancipation, and Western and Central European
public opinion regarded the failure of those countries that had not
done so, such as Tsarist Russia, as evidence of backwardness.
Romanian resistance to granting its Jewish population equal
rights made that country contemptible in Western opinion.
Anti-Jewish sentiment clearly survived in much of Western and
Central European society, but it was countered by a sense, derived
from the Enlightenment and subsequent liberalism, that a modern
society should tolerate people of other faiths. Even the continued
anti-Judaism of the Roman Catholic Church could work in favour
of Jews with public opinion, where a liberal, secular, anti-clerical
culture had come to predominate in much of Western and Central
Europe. In countries such as the Netherlands and Italy, Jews were
accepted unproblematically as full members of society, nation, and
state. In France, still torn between traditional Catholic-monarchist
and revolutionary republican self-deﬁnitions, the situation was
more complex, but the republican deﬁnition of national identity
through citizenship, regardless of faith or ethnic background,
allowed Jews to identity completely with the nation state.
In Central Europe, the birthplace of modern antisemitism, the
situation was obviously less favourable to pro-Jewish attitudes.
Parts of Germany so embraced the antisemitic message that they
returned antisemitic deputies to the German parliament, and
19th-century German high culture was deeply inﬂuenced by the
16

tradition of Jew-hatred, especially its high priest, Richard Wagner,
who was truly antisemitic avant la lettre. The prevalence of
ethnonationalist thinking among Germans, but also among Czech
and Polish nationalists, also allowed Jew-hatred to facilitate the
growth of antisemitism. The two ‘capitals’ of central Europe,
Berlin and Vienna, had central roles in the career of political
antisemitism, Berlin being the forcing ground of Stöcker’s
antisemitic Christian Socialism, and Vienna becoming the site of
the greatest achievement of political antisemitism before 1914,
Christian Social domination of the city’s municipal government
from 1895 on.

It can well be argued that in the circumstances the Germans had
little choice: Prague, which had at one point been regarded as a
17

The burden of the past

Even in Central Europe, however, there were crucial instances
which show that anti-Jewish prejudice did not inevitably succeed
in producing antisemitic political and sociocultural hegemony.
In many parts of Germany, for instance, Jews continued
to be prominent in local politics even when they were no longer
so prominent on the national stage. In cities such as Breslau,
and above all in Berlin, the particular array of political and social
forces and the resulting continuing success of liberal political
parties meant that Jews could feel almost as integrated into their
social settings as their counterparts to the west. The record in
the Habsburg Monarchy was similar. In Prague, Czech nationalist
politicians were, it is true, not shy in exploiting anti-Jewish
superstition and sentiment to further their cause. The Czech
radical, Karel Baxa, who later became Prague’s mayor, was a leading
instigator of the Polna Affair of 1899–1900. In this miscarriage
of justice, Leopold Hilsner was accused in collaboration
with others of murder of a Christian girl, in other words
ritual murder, and found guilty by a Czech jury. Yet, as Gary Cohen
has well illustrated, the Czechs’ German opponents in the national
battle over Prague adopted the reverse tactic, of cooperating with
and welcoming the support of Prague’s German-speaking Jews.

Antisemitism

‘German’ city, was by the late 19th century becoming ever more a
Czech-speaking metropolis, as waves of Czechs came to the city
from the surrounding, Czech-dominated countryside, and ethnic
Czechs (and some Germans) opted for a Czech national identity
over a German one, given increasing Czech predominance. The
only group that remained as an ally to the German political
establishment in the city in the struggle for German ‘ethnic
survival’ was the relatively large Jewish community. The
composition of that community was also becoming more Czech, as
Czech-speaking Jews from the provincial towns and villages
immigrated, and as formerly ‘German’ Jews became Czech due to
political and economic pressure exerted by Czech nationalists. Yet
a large number of Prague Jews retained a German national
identity, and even more retained an allegiance to German culture,
sending their children to German-speaking schools. This was the
case with the ‘Czech’ parents of Franz Kafka, who nevertheless
sent their son to a German school.
Faced with an anti-German and antisemitic Czech nationalist
movement, German politicians and German-speaking Jews in
Prague found themselves in alliance, even as German nationalists
in the rest of German Bohemia became increasingly, stridently
antisemitic in their politics. The German-Jewish alliance in
Prague looks very much like a political marriage of convenience,
yet it occurred and led to relatively good relations between
Germans and Jews in the city. Moreover, even if it was based only
on rational calculation, it is evidence that rational calculation is
quite capable of overcoming the power of traditional prejudice.
A similar example is afforded by the case of late 19th-century
Hungary. Hungary was one of the ﬁrst countries in which
antisemitism appeared as a modern political movement, as
exempliﬁed in the Tiszaeszlar Affair of 1882. Yet Hungary was also
one of the ﬁrst countries in which antisemitism was effectively
suppressed in the pre-1914 era, and Hungary’s capital, Budapest,
was one of the most welcoming to Jews in Europe. This did not
18

occur by accident. In the Austrian half of the Habsburg Monarchy
and in Germany, the governments of Eduard Taaffe and Otto von
Bismarck respectively tried to use the incipient antisemitic
movement to apply pressure on the Austrian and German Jewish
communities and their liberal allies, and hence allowed political
antisemitism to develop and gain some respectability. In contrast,
the Magyar gentry leadership that ruled Hungary quickly moved
to counteract the antisemitic antics of the leading antisemitic
politicians, Gyözö Istoczy and Ivan von Simonyi, so effectively that
antisemitism was not a major concern for Hungarian Jews until
shortly before 1914, and then in a much less threatening way than
in Vienna and Austria.

19

The burden of the past

The reasons for this relative failure of antisemitism in Hungary
before 1914 are fairly clear: the Magyar political leadership
calculated that the Magyar national cause would be much better
served by coopting Hungarian Jewry, both as enthusiastic new
members of the Magyar nation and as the group with the most
capability for modernizing the Hungarian economy and hence
giving the Magyar nation the economic power that was necessary
to be taken seriously politically. Hence during the struggle for
Hungarian autonomy from the 1840s into the 1860s, the Magyar
leadership welcomed the largely voluntary Magyarization of
Hungarian Jewry, especially in the western part of the kingdom
and in Budapest, and it allowed and encouraged a Jewish
bourgeoisie to develop in Pest that became the economic and
ﬁnancial powerhouse of the Hungarian nation state that was
emerging in nuce in the Hungarian ‘half ’ of Austria-Hungary from
1867 onwards. An attack on Hungarian Jewry thus was seen by the
Magyar establishment, grouped in the Liberal Party, as an attack
on one of the central pillars of the Magyar national cause. For
reasons of national interest, therefore, the Tiszaeszlar case was
dismissed and the antisemitic movement effectively silenced.
Some authors have maintained that the Hungarian antisemitism
of the early 1880s was the beginning of the road to the antisemitic
measures of post-1918 Hungary, but this teleological viewpoint

Antisemitism

tends to ignore the fact that the era that followed was, as William
McCagg pointed out, in many ways a Golden Age for Jews in
Hungary, with remarkable social and economic advancement for
many.
These examples show that, however deeply ingrained the
prejudice against Jews might have been in the European, and
especially Central European, mentality, this did not mean that this
mindset could not change, or at least lead to other outcomes than
full-blown antisemitism. The discourse originating in Christian
anti-Judaism was only one of many competing ways Central
Europeans had of interpreting the world in the late 19th century,
and not necessarily the dominant one, even when it came to how
to understand and behave towards Jews. The legacy of the
Enlightenment (for all its ambivalences regarding Jews), the
scientiﬁc revolution, and political change, together with the
educative effect of empirical evidence, could, and in many
instances did, dramatically alter attitudes to Jews in Europe by the
late 19th century.
The prejudgement with which non-Jewish Europeans had
inevitably made their ‘ﬁrst impression’ about Jews was in most
cases radically modiﬁed over time, over centuries indeed, and
largely for the better. European Christians (and Christians
elsewhere for that matter) might harbour suspicions and
prejudices against Jews, as deniers of the Christian faith, or
secular non-Jews might look askance at Jews as foreign and
different, but these considerations had for the most part lost their
cogency and been subordinated to others such as the need for
tolerance, the uniting identity of a national political community,
economic beneﬁt, or simply the experience of personal interaction.
In some lands, however, and among certain groups, this
anti-Jewish prejudice remained particularly strong, so strong that
it could be turned by particular circumstances at a particular time
into a political movement and ideology of its own: antisemitism.
20

The ‘discourse’ of prejudice was a necessary condition for
antisemitism, but only part of the answer to its emergence. The
other part to the answer lies in those particular circumstances in
which an atavistic prejudice became the basis for a modern
political movement. This involves looking at the historical context
in which antisemitism arose in Central Europe, and it also
involves looking at a particularly salient aspect of that context: the
situation of European Jewry.

The burden of the past

21

3. ‘Jewish Pig’, Wittenberg. The association of Jews with pigs became a
staple of Central European anti-Jewish symbolism.

Chapter 3
The Chosen People

When antisemitism emerged as a political movement in the early
1880s, its ostensible adversary, European Jewry, had seen a radical
transformation in its situation over the previous century or so.
Knowledge of the nature and career of this transformation, and its
varied geographic success, is crucial for understanding the career
of antisemitism.
In the mid-18th century Jews in Europe had still lived largely
apart from non-Jewish society in their own communities,
corporate bodies in the corporately organized societies of the
European ancien régime. The communal autonomy that this
allowed was balanced by the consideration that Jews were
regarded as inferior to their Christian counterparts in the social
hierarchy, and often treated as such. Even at the end of the 18th
century, Jews were still subject in much of Europe, especially in
Central and Eastern Europe, to special taxes and prohibitions that
were speciﬁcally designed to prostrate and humiliate, according to
traditional Christian anti-Jewish doctrine.
The wave of modernization of the European economy, society, and
political systems that spread from the western edge (Britain and
Holland) from the mid-17th century, together with radical changes
in thought encapsulated in the word ‘Enlightenment’, also
radically altered attitudes to Jews. The switch from a corporate
23

Antisemitism

society to a modern ‘Westphalian state’ model, in which the
sovereign ruled his subjects equally, according to rules of reason
and without corporate, hierarchical structures, of necessity also
required a profound change in the Jews’ situation, and a need to
integrate them into society in a much more direct way than
previously, as individuals rather than as members of a
quasi-separate community. The debate about how to effect this
transformation of Jews to the beneﬁt of the modernizing
European states (and also the Jews themselves) came to be known
as the ‘Jewish Question’.
This ‘Jewish Question’ varied in intensity and character according
to the nature and size of the Jewish communities in the various
states, and to the way the integration of Jews into the larger
society was initially handled. Integration of Jews into the original
‘modern’ societies of Western Europe went relatively smoothly. In
Britain, where sovereign power (parliament) had long dominated
over corporatist entities, the emphasis on individual rights under
the rule of law, and a certain tolerance of difference, as well as a
very small, mainly Sephardic, Jewish community, led to a
relatively problem-free acceptance of Jews. This is not to say that
there was complete silence on the issue, and there were at times
vigorous debates on the need for Jews to reform and ‘regenerate’
themselves in order to ﬁt in to British society, but the legal
situation granting British-born Jews almost complete legal
equality kept this discussion within bounds.
One ironic sign of the relative ease of Jewish integration in
England was that there was not the same heroic tale to tell of
Jewish emancipation as there was in France or especially Central
Europe, and no deﬁnitive transformation of the Jews’ legal status.
Instead, change came, after the difﬁculties of 1753, incrementally,
and in some aspects more slowly than on the Continent. Whereas
Jews were given the right to attend and graduate from university
in Austria in the late 18th century, it was only in 1870, with the
University Test Act, that Jews were able to obtain degrees from
24

Oxford and Cambridge. Informal Jewish emancipation in England
and broad social acceptance, had, however, been achieved decades
before that, and was accompanied by many cases of religiously
based philosemitism, even if some was based on evangelical hopes
of a Second Coming. The ‘Jewish Question’ was rarely, if ever, of
central import to British political culture, broad stereotypes of
Disraeli in newspaper cartoons and a ‘genteel’ anti-Jewish
snobbery in certain circles notwithstanding. In Italy, similarly,
where there were ancient but relatively small Jewish communities,
the ‘Jewish Question’ never became a central point of contention,
and Jews participated fully in Italian society, culture, and politics
with little comment or criticism.

25

The Chosen People

France provides a somewhat different case, where the Bourbon
ancien régime of the 18th century was not so amenable to the
integration of Jews, although the Sephardic community centred in
Bordeaux was much better viewed and treated than the Ashkenazi
community centred in Alsace. A leading ﬁgure of the French
Enlightenment, Voltaire, notoriously expressed a hostility to Jews
and the Jewish religion. He was admittedly against all organized
religion, but commentators such as Arthur Hertzberg have seen in
Voltaire’s hostility signs of a darker side of the Enlightenment that
fed into later modern antisemitism. Nevertheless, Enlightened
circles, led by Count Mirabeau, were also pressing for Jewish
emancipation by the 1780s, and full Jewish emancipation was
achieved as part of the Revolution in 1791. There was some
back-sliding under Napoleon, whose ‘Infamous Decrees’ of 1808
attempted a forced integration of Alsatian Jews into French
society and also attacked Jewish ﬁnancial power by cancelling
debts owed to Jews, but these decrees were allowed to lapse after
the Bourbon restoration in 1815. Jews became full French citizens,
and from 1831 the Jewish religion was put on an equal footing
with the main Christian faiths. As in England, there might be
considerable debate in the public sphere about whether Jews
merited being regarded as Frenchmen, and many on the Catholic
conservative Right denied this, but because the French state in the

4. ‘A Propos de Judas Dreyfus’, La Libre Parole, 10 November 1894.
Edouard Drumont catches Captain Alfred Dreyfus by his trousers.
Dreyfus’s conviction of treason referred to here was not very
controversial; the Dreyfus Affair only gathered strength in 1898, when
Dreyfus’s innocence became evident.

19th century held to the civic deﬁnition of membership of the
French nation state, and Jews were accorded full rights as
citizens, the ‘Jewish Question’ in France also remained relatively
tame.

At the other end of Europe, in the Tsarist Russian Empire, the
‘Jewish Question’ was drastically different than in the rest of
Europe, in as much as there was only ever partial emancipation of
Jews under Tsarism. (Full emancipation came only with the
February Revolution of 1917.) Unlike to the west, there was no
extended period in 19th-century Russian history when an
27

The Chosen People

This might seem a strange assertion, given the prominence in the
history of antisemitism (and Zionism) of the Dreyfus Affair, which
concerned the false accusation of treason against the Jewish
Captain Alfred Dreyfus, his conviction in 1894, and from 1898 the
battle for his exoneration. The shock value of that Affair, however,
came from precisely its unexpectedness, given the relatively
uncontested nature of French Jewry’s integration into general
French society. The reactionary Catholic-monarchist,
‘anti-Dreyfusard’ sympathies revealed in large parts of the military
establishment and many regions of France after the scandal really
broke in 1898 were indeed a shocking challenge to the republican
establishment, of which French Jews were mostly ardent
supporters. The anti-Jewish riots that occurred during this period
were evidence of the continuing strength of traditional (Catholic)
anti-Jewish prejudice and the effect of the antisemitic
campaigning of ﬁgures such as Edouard Drumont. Yet it was the
Dreyfusards who won out, with Captain Alfred Dreyfus fully
exonerated in 1906, and the Affair was always more a battle
between traditional, Catholic-monarchist and
revolutionary-republican versions of France than it was over
France’s ‘Jewish Question’. In any case, once ‘Progress’ had won
out, any question about French Jewry’s status in France once again
retreated to the far background, only to become a truly signiﬁcant
issue again after the Third Republic’s collapse in 1940.

Antisemitism

integration of the general Jewish population, on an individual
basis as equal citizens, was undertaken by the state. There was no
signiﬁcant break between the traditional anti-Judaism of medieval
Muscovy and the ofﬁcial hostility to Jews that continued to 1917.
In that sense, Russian antisemitism was much more directly
linked to traditional Christian anti-Judaism than was
antisemitism to the west. Russian Muscovy, self-styled as the
‘Third Rome’, had prided itself on being free of Jews into the 18th
century. It was only the annexation in the 18th century of vast
tracts of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, where Jews had
been allowed to settle for centuries, and which contained the vast
bulk of Ashkenazi Jewry, that presented Tsarist authorities with a
‘Jewish Problem’.
Traditional historiography has seen Russian policy towards its
Jewish population in the ‘Pale of Settlement’ (former
Poland-Lithuania) throughout the 19th century in terms of
oppression, persecution, and discrimination. More recent studies,
such as that of Heinz-Dietrich Löwe, have revised this somewhat,
and pointed out the ways in which some ‘enlightened absolutist’,
and even occasionally liberal, policies were attempted to integrate
Jews into the Russian Empire’s economy and society. The overall
impression given by Tsarist Jewish policy, however, remains one
based on ignorance, prejudice, and incompetence, ranging from
general puzzlement about what to do with Jews to deep paranoia
about what the Jews could do to Russian society. While the Tsarist
authorities might not have been as malevolent as previously
portrayed, the policies they ended up following were repressive,
discriminatory, and often brutal.
Some attempts at coercive integration were made, as with the
institution of compulsory military service, and some concessions
made in various parts of the empire, such as in the post-1815
Kingdom of Poland and in the ‘free city’ of Odessa. Some
privileged Jews, deemed ‘useful’ by the authorities, were allowed
to reside outside the Pale, and even in St Petersburg and Moscow.
28

Some, such as the Poliakovs, became pioneers of Russian
industrialization, and amongst this privileged group some
selective integration did occur. Yet Jews generally remained a
shunned and despised minority, by state and populace alike. Even
the rule of Alexander II, the ‘Tsar-Liberator’, saw only modest
reforms in Jewish policy, and his assassination in 1881 led to the
wave of pogroms in the Pale that shocked Western opinion and
accelerated the mass emigration of Russian Jews westward, most
eventually to North America. After these pogroms, ofﬁcial policy
towards Jews became more oppressive and restrictive, with, after a
lull, more violence against Jews, such as the infamous Kishinev
pogrom of 1903. The revolution of 1905 was followed by more
anti-Jewish pogroms. The Russian right-wing movement of the
Black Hundreds was very anti-Jewish, and the Tsarist government
and its conservative supporters remained hostile to Jews until
Tsarism’s end in 1917.
29

The Chosen People

5. Victims from Kishinev (1903). The Kishinev pogrom, in which 49
Jews died, was regarded by international public opinion, and the
international Jewish community, as a sign of Tsarist barbarism.
Subsequent research has shown that Tsarist authorities were not
directly implicated.

Antisemitism

Despite this hostile environment, the Russian Jewish community
developed a modern political, social, and cultural life, and a
considerable Jewish Russian-speaking intelligentsia also arose,
especially among the privileged Jews allowed to reside outside the
Pale and in exceptional communities such as Odessa. Yet even this
acculturated Russian-speaking Jewish intelligentsia was set apart
from Russian society proper, and generally modern Jewish life,
especially within the Pale, remained within a Jewish context
rather than a Russian one. It was in Russia that cultural Zionism
developed, and among Russian Jews that the Zionist movement
ﬁrst arose, often as the result of the complete disillusionment,
after 1881, of educated Jews who had still held out hope for
Jewish emancipation in a modernizing Russia. Even the most
successful brand of socialism within Russian Jewry, the Bund,
was one which attempted to achieve internationalist integration
of Russian Jewish workers through a Yiddish socialist
sub-culture.
This lack of integration of Jews with the wider society was
reﬂective of the form of Russian imperial, and national, identity.
Within the Tsarist imperial thought structure, Jews remained both
a despised religious minority and a separate ethnic group, along
with all the other subject ethnicities of the empire. Sometimes
classed as ‘indigenous’ alongside groups such as the Kalmuks;
sometimes seen in terms of ‘Semitic’ religious groups, alongside
Muslims and Tatars, they were not seen as an integral part of
Russian society. The only way in which a Jew could ‘become’
Russian was the traditional, religiously sanctioned manner, by
conversion to Russian Orthodox Christianity, and very few
individuals took this path. Hence the classic ‘Jewish Question’, as
understood in Western and Central Europe, of how and whether
Jewish individuals could become fully integrated as members of
the nation in which they lived, was never properly broached under
Tsarism – because Jews, even fully ‘Russiﬁed’ Jews, were not seen
as nationally Russian.

30

In other parts of Eastern Europe, there was a similar absence
of accepting the emancipationist claim that Jews should be
accepted primarily as individual citizens of the nation state. In
Romania, the achievement of national independence after 1878
was, at the behest of the state’s Western guarantors, premised on
the granting of equal rights to minorities, meaning primarily
Jews. Yet subsequent Romanian governments neatly sidestepped
this condition by declaring that most of the Jews in Romania
were ‘foreign’ and hence not Romanian citizens. In the Polish
kingdom (ruled by Russia), Jews ofﬁcially had ‘equal rights’,
but the dominant Polish political party there, the National
Democrats (Endeks), led by Roman Dmowski, similarly saw
Jews as a foreign, economically parasitical presence among
the Polish nation, and instigated an economic boycott against
them.

31

The Chosen People

In Austrian Galicia, Polish nationalism took a similar approach to
Jews in the 1890s, with pogroms and attempts at economic
boycott, led by Father Stanislaw Stojalowski. Although Galician
Jews were ofﬁcially, as citizens of the Austrian half of the
Habsburg Dual Monarchy, fully emancipated, equal citizens, the
backward social and economic structures in most of Galicia had
perpetuated the more corporatist model of separate Jewish
communities among a largely peasant Polish and Ukrainian
populace. Jews had preserved their own social and religious
organization and along with this went a distinct ethnic and
cultural identity; they were therefore far from integrated, and
were quite easily seen by the rest of society as a foreign entity in
the ‘organic’ nation. The ‘Jewish Question’ in Galicia therefore
showed more similarities with the Russian model in social and
cultural terms than with the Western or Central European version,
even though Galicia was part of politically ‘Western’
Austria-Hungary. Polish ‘antisemitism’ similarly had far more
direct links with traditional Catholic anti-Judaism than the
‘modern’ antisemitism to the West.

Antisemitism

For those who view antisemitism as the direct product of
traditional anti-Jewish hostility, stemming from the Catholic
Christian and, for Russia, Orthodox Christian pre-modern
traditions, Eastern Europe would seem to prove the direct
connection. Yet it was not in Russia that modern antisemitism was
founded. Russians did make some decisive contributions to the
success of antisemitism, such as the ﬁnal version of the Protocols
of the Elders of Zion, but even this document, in its conspiratorial
view of the world, was informed with a pre-modern mentality. The
anti-Jewish mindset of the Tsarist authorities was very well known
throughout the 19th century and was regarded, smugly perhaps, as
merely a sign of backwardness. Even when a form of ideological
Russian antisemitism did develop, it was, as Löwe has described
it, a ‘reactionary Utopia’, the ‘pre-modern’ ideology of a
backward-looking ‘old elite’. It is ironic, given the vehemence of
Tsarist hostility to Jews before the regime’s fall in 1917, that
Russian antisemitism’s ties with Russian traditionalist agrarian
values, traditional Jew-hatred, and the Tsarist establishment,
might also explain why it did not contribute directly to the
Holocaust.
The region where modern antisemitism arose, and where the
plans for the Holocaust were hatched, was also the region where
the ‘Jewish Question’ was both asked and yet also waited
interminably for an answer: Central Europe. The ‘Jewish Question’
remained potent in German-dominated Central Europe due to the
way in which the initial argument for the integration of Jews, and
their emancipation from pre-modern discriminations, was framed.
Whereas in Western Europe, emancipation was based mainly on
the principle of individual human rights, which were deemed to be
inherently due to Jews as citizens and human beings, in Central
Europe Jewish emancipation came early on to be seen in terms of
what David Sorkin has described as a grand quid pro quo: Jews
would be given their rights once they had proven they could earn
them. That is to say, Jews would have to deserve their claim to
equal treatment by giving up their ‘Jewish’ ways which Christian
32

Germans found so repellent. Indeed, the implicit bargain of
Jewish emancipation, from the viewpoint of the non-Jewish, still
Christian state at the turn of the 19th century, was that full Jewish
integration into society would involve total assimilation. Jews
would, in leaving behind their negative ‘Jewish’ particularities,
leave behind all markers of Jewish difference, and become
indistinguishable from their Christian German counterparts.
C. W. Dohm was actually an advocate for emancipating the Jews
as their right, but in describing the beneﬁcial consequences of that
action he summed up the implicit promise that was to dominate
the rationale for Jewish emancipation when he declared: ‘Let
them cease to be Jews!’

33

The Chosen People

From the state’s viewpoint, the integration of Jews into society and
the economy was justiﬁed because of the needs of the state: for
administrative uniformity and to encourage economic growth.
Individual Jews were to be freed from some of the most oppressive
restrictions against them, but in return were expected to
contribute directly to the state, in the form of military service,
surrender their right to communal autonomy, and give up their
separate cultural identity. Hence the most famous advance in
Jewish policy in Central Europe before 1789, the set of Toleration
Edicts of Emperor Joseph II for the Habsburg lands from 1781
onwards, was as much an attack on Jewish communal rights as it
was an alleviation of restrictions on Jews. It was, moreover,
explicitly intended ‘to make the totality of Jewry harmless, but the
individual useful’. In this regard, it is important to note that many
very inhumane restrictions on Jews, such as the Familiant Laws
that limited marriage to the eldest sons of Jewish families in
Bohemia, were not abolished by Joseph II and remained on the
books until the mid-19th century. Meanwhile, the tutelary state
was to remake the Jews in its own image. The new
German-language schools for Jews that Joseph II’s policies
instituted in Bohemia were intended to make the Jews more
useful, because more easy to integrate into non-Jewish society and
the economy, but they were also intended to make Jews less

Antisemitism

‘Jewish’ and more like model, ethnically neutral, ‘Austrian’
citizens – theoretically like everyone else.
Policy in Prussia and most other German states was similar. The
French revolutionary conquest and reorganization of Germany in
the 1800s provided a temporary anticipation of a full, French-style
emancipation of Jews on the basis of individual rights, but the
expulsion of the French invader meant in the case of most German
states a rescinding of newly gained Jewish rights (and an
identiﬁcation of the Jewish beneﬁciaries of French policy with the
French national enemy). Prussia conferred citizenship on Prussian
Jews in 1812, but this did not mean full civic equality, and the
promise of full emancipation was repeatedly deferred after 1815,
as the authorities remained unconvinced that Jews deserved what
appeared to them the privilege of equality. Civic equality was
eventually granted in Prussia in April 1848 (after the 1848
revolution) and other German states followed suit, some faster
than others. It was only with the formation of the North German
Confederation in 1869 and the German Empire in 1871 that
German Jews gained full legal emancipation. Meanwhile, in the
Habsburg Monarchy, Jews similarly gained their emancipation in
the wake of the 1848 revolution, only to have it snatched away
again when Emperor Francis Joseph decided not to conﬁrm it as
part of the absolutist Sylvester Patent of 1851–2. Jews had to wait
until 1860 to gain such rights as the right to real property
ownership, and full legal emancipation of Jews in Cisleithania (the
Austrian half of the Dual Austro-Hungarian Monarchy) had to
wait until 1867.
Moses Mendelssohn, the leader in Berlin of the Haskalah, the
Jewish Enlightenment, had initially argued for Jewish equality as
a matter of right and, while advocating acculturation and
integration into German culture and society, was wary of more
comprehensive assimilation. His successors in the leadership of
the emancipation movement in German Central Europe, however,
appeared, on one level, to accept the states’ quid pro quo of
34

emancipation in return for total assimilation and the
disappearance of Jewish difference. David Friedländer explicitly
argued that emancipation would lead to the regeneration of
German Jewry, and their speedy integration into German society.
Disappointed at the failure of Prussia to grant immediate
emancipation, Friedländer even proposed in 1799 that the family
heads of Berlin Jewry give up their separate Jewish faith and
convert to Protestantism, albeit with the proviso that the
Protestants not insist on the irrational belief in the Trinity.

35

The Chosen People

This radical measure was rejected out of hand, by Jew and
Christian alike, and would be a mere historical oddity if it did not
reveal the gulf that remained between the Jewish and Christian
perspectives of what emancipation and integration, even
assimilation, entailed. Both Mendelssohn and Friedländer
continued to insist on Jews having a prior right to emancipation,
and saw integration as a two-way process, in which Jews and
Christians could share values common to both religions. Later
ideologues of emancipation, ever more desperate to achieve equal
civil rights for Jews, did come to accept the quid pro quo set by the
German states. Campaigners such as Gabriel Riesser, intent on
disarming non-Jews’ suspicions that Jews still constituted a ‘state
within a state’, proclaimed any separate Jewish national identity
long deceased, and argued for rights for Jews as patriotic Germans
who differed from their co-nationals only in the private matter of
religious confession. The leadership of German Central Europe’s
Jewish communities established many organizations to achieve
the cultural and moral regeneration of Jews through the tenets of
German humanist Bildung (roughly translatable as ‘educative
development of the self ’). Societies were established to persuade
Jews to follow ‘respectable’ trades, and even engage in agriculture.
The clear assumption was that by Jews fulﬁlling their side of the
bargain by acculturating and assimilating into German society,
they would eventually be rewarded by being ofﬁcially accepted as
full citizens, because they had in reality become fully German,
indistinguishable in manner, culture, and appearance from other

Antisemitism

Germans. Yet Jews remained different, they remained an
identiﬁable group within German society, and this was partly
because of the very effort, sustained for almost a century, to
overcome their difference.
In many respects, the drive for emancipation and the ideology of
self-improvement that informed it were remarkably successful.
Jews in Germany in 1780, apart from the group of wealthy
ﬁnanciers and war contractors, went from being a mainly
economically deprived and culturally isolated set of outcasts, to by
1880, apart from the group of very wealthy ﬁnanciers and
industrialists, consisting mainly of a respectable and prosperous
bourgeoisie, with a far higher degree of education than the general
German populace. In Austria-Hungary it is arguable that the
social transformation was not quite so radical, given the Galician
circumstances, and there appears to have been many poor, even
destitute Jews in Vienna around 1900, for instance. At the same
time, a large sector of Austrian Jewry had also made remarkable
social and economic strides, which the family history of Sigmund
Freud exempliﬁes. German Central European Jewry espoused the
apparent social values of the rest of the German propertied and
educated middle classes (Bildungs- und Besitzbürgertum) and
were ardent patriots of their respective states (the German Empire
and Austria-Hungary), albeit under a liberal, constitutional
interpretation. In other words, the social and economic identity of
German Central European Jewry changed radically, and in many
ways there was a large degree of successful integration. Yet Jews
did not cease to be different as the advocates of emancipation had
predicted.
If Jews went from being beggars and pedlars to being merchants
and businessmen, itinerant Talmudic scholars to journalists and
writers, this represented an increase in respectability and
integration, perhaps, but it still left the Jewish occupational
structure, and hence its socio-economic ‘identity’, looking quite
different from that of society at large. Partly this was because of
36

continuing de facto limits on Jewish career options, most
notoriously an informal bar on the higher posts within the various
state bureaucracies without the ‘necessary’ baptismal certiﬁcate.
Efforts to create a large cadre of Jewish artisans also petered out
due to resistance from the Christian artisans and their guild
organizations, and efforts to attract Jews to agrarian pursuits were
also largely fruitless. Jewish traditions and attitudes, however, also
played a large role, especially the traditional stress among Jewish
families on the importance of education. The new modern Jewish
dispensation simply transferred this high valuation from the
religious to the secular sphere. The result was that there was a
large ‘over-representation’ of Jews in ﬁnance, commerce, many
export-oriented and innovation-based branches of industry, the
professions, modern literature, and modern culture generally.

37

The Chosen People

Moreover, Jews continued to maintain their own religious identity,
and the newly prosperous, integrated, and acculturated modern
Jewish communities, in Berlin, Vienna, Budapest, Breslau, and
elsewhere reconﬁrmed this religious identity in dramatic, concrete
terms, in majestic ‘temples’, often in ‘Orientalist’ Moorish style
that looked back to the idyllic age of medieval Sephardic Jewry,
that dominated their immediate urban landscape. Religious
identity was thus not merely a ‘private’ matter, and even if Jews
were attending services reformed along Protestant lines, as good
German bourgeois, they were attending their own separate and
different ‘church’. This was a quite dramatically different outcome
from that envisaged by many non-Jewish advocates of
emancipation, at its inception and also much later in the century,
who had assumed that Jewish acculturation and integration would
inevitably lead also to a giving up of the ‘atavistic’ Jewish religion
in favour of modern Christianity, in Germany especially the
‘cultural Protestantism’ of the academic elite. There were many
conversions away from Judaism, and especially in the elite
economic and cultural circles, with ﬁgures such as Felix
Mendelssohn-Bartholdy and Heinrich Heine leading a stellar cast
of such Jewish converts in German and Austrian culture, yet the

Antisemitism

vast bulk of Central European Jewry did not convert and
remained Jews in whatever form, even if it was, as in Sigmund
Freud’s case, as a ‘godless Jew’.
To some extent a distinct politico-cultural Jewish identity also
persisted. The very struggle for emancipation, over almost a
century, had created a large panoply of organizations to ‘reform’
Jewish society, and these social bodies and networks continued to
exist after emancipation was achieved, producing a Jewish form of
civil society and hence a Jewish social identity. The long ﬁght for
emancipation had also produced its own ideology, centred on the
concept of Bildung, both as a form of intellectual and moral
development. It also, logically, held a faith in the universal beneﬁt
of emancipation, of liberation of the individual human being from
the constraints of irrational past oppression and superstition. Jews
in Germany and Austria therefore tended very much to vote for
the upholders of ‘emancipation’, whether Jewish or otherwise,
which usually meant the progressive Left, in other words usually
the Liberals or their equivalent, and later the Social Democrats.
Culturally and politically, this emancipatory tradition provided
Jews with an overall proﬁle that differed quite markedly from the
non-Jewish part of German and Austrian society, and produced an
identiﬁable Jewish ‘sub-culture’ in German Central European
society. Jews did not ‘disappear’ into German and Austrian society
as had been predicted.
In retrospect, this Jewish ‘difference’, socially, culturally, and
economically, might have been expected, and somewhat similar
social and economic patterns were evident in Western European
countries as well. Yet in Central Europe the emancipation of Jews
had come to be predicated on the promise of total absorption of
those Jews into the larger society. When the persistence of Jewish
difference showed that the promise had not been met, this allowed
the liberal project of Jewish emancipation to be labelled a failure
by conservatives. The perpetuation of this mindset of having total
assimilation of Jews, their effective disappearance, as the ultimate
38

goal of their emancipation, also led to a continued insistence by
emancipation’s defenders, whether liberals, progressives, or
socialists, Jews or non-Jews, on the idea that Jews were no
different from other Germans and Austrians. Jews were not
defended for what they were, but for what they were not. This
defence on the basis of denial drastically hobbled attempts to
combat antisemitism, for conservatives, and antisemites could
point very persuasively to evidence that Jews were in fact different
in many ways, despite what Jews and their emancipationist allies
might claim. The irony was that the very ideology of
emancipation, with its claims to a universal humanity, was a major
reason why emancipatory Jews, seeing themselves in those
universalist terms, could not see, or admit, their own difference.

39

The Chosen People

The framing of emancipation as a quid pro quo with total
assimilation, and the persistence of the ‘Jewish Question’ for
almost a century, clearly paved the way for the effectiveness of
antisemitic counter-arguments against Jewish emancipation. In
effect, the framing of the ‘Question’ meant that even one of the
most successful and productive integrations of an ethno-religious
minority in all of history could nevertheless be labelled a dismal
failure, and believed to have been as such. In itself, however, the
persistence of Jewish difference, and the recognition of this, even
in the form of ethnic hostility, does not necessarily explain the
ﬂourishing of antisemitism as a political force. It helps to explain,
but it is not sufﬁcient. It also does not explain why Jewish
difference was still seen as quite so deleterious and even
threatening by so many Germans and Central Europeans. Perhaps
if we look at what the protagonists of emancipation were up
against in terms of Central European society and culture, we will
get a stage further.

Chapter 4
The culture of irrationalism

Antisemitism has been deﬁned by many scholars as irrational
hostility to Jews. This deﬁnition’s adequacy is debatable, but it is
quite clear that antisemitism has usually been seen as linked to the
irrational, non-rational, or anti-rational in some way. The
emergence of political and ideological antisemitism in German
Central Europe in the late 19th century has often been linked by
historians to the culture of ‘irrationalism’. This cultural approach
was not in itself irrational, rather it was a reaction against the
rationalist claim that all of human experience and endeavour
could be reduced to rational, calculable objects and relations, and
should be. Irrationalists, in contrast, asserted that there was a
place for ‘irrational’ emotions and imagination in art and life, that
these indeed were part of a realm superior to mere reason.
Starting with Romanticism, the ‘irrationalist’ revolt against
rationalist modernity was inﬂuential throughout European
culture and thought from the late 18th century onwards. In
Britain, William Blake, in his hatred of unfeeling ‘Urizen’, the god
of abstract reason, was clearly part of this cultural movement, and
even an august liberal such as John Stuart Mill rebelled against
the equating of poetry and pushpin, as rationalist utilitarianism
prescribed; but irrationalism was particularly inﬂuential in
German culture.

40

There was a quite strong link between German cultural
‘irrationalism’ and antisemitism. Many of the representative
ﬁgures of cultural ‘irrationalism’ in Germany, such as Arthur
Schopenhauer and Richard Wagner, disliked Jews, and many
antisemites were followers of ‘irrationalist’ culture. In retrospect,
it is quite easy to see how this linkage developed, and how it
became so effective: it originated from the view that Jews were
connected to detested rationalist modernity, and there was plenty
of evidence for this idea. As we have seen, the movement for
Jewish emancipation, in itself a response to the rationalization
and modernization of European states, meant that Jews in
German Central Europe did indeed become closely allied to the
goals of rationalist modernity; but not in the way in which
antisemites claimed.

41

The culture of irrationalism

Jews had accepted the quid pro quo of integration into the rational
modern state in return for emancipation, and had therefore
striven to become rationally ‘useful’ members of society. Their
support for rationalist modernity was thus based on the
acceptance of their side of the bargain with the non-Jewish state
and, they thought, society. Once the new, modernized Jewish
identity had been formed, however, German society had moved on
from the Enlightened model of the rational state, and many
Germans had indeed revolted against this ‘soulless’ version of
social organization. Antisemites and ‘irrationalists’ thus came to
assert, with some foundation, that there was still a Jewish
‘difference’, and they characterized this by emphasizing the Jews’
continued allegiance to rationalist modernity. Some saw the irony
of this as a result of the Jews’ very attempt to integrate into
German society; however, many antisemites attributed rationalist
modernity itself to the Jews, seeing it as the product of an
essentially rational and abstract ‘Jewishness’ (Judentum) that was,
in its analytically critical approach, undermining and destroying
traditional, ‘organic’ native (i.e. national) society. From being
prompted, even coerced, into becoming part of rational, modern

Antisemitism

society and state in Central Europe, Jews came, partly as a result
of their very success in this effort at modernizing, to be regarded
as in the ‘vanguard’ of rationalist modernity; and then, when this
ceased to be a popular cause, as the instigators of that rationalist
modernity.
Romanticism in Germany was a revolt against what was seen as
the immorality, superﬁciality, and lack of profundity of the
(French) Enlightenment, and a protest against the soulless and
Nature-destroying character of (English) industrialization. From
early on it was also closely linked with German nationalism, and
this relationship became even closer in the wake of the French
Revolution and the French invasion and conquest of the German
states in the early 19th century. The traumatic collapse of the
German states system of the Holy Roman Empire and radical
French-induced reform did not last long. Napoleon’s defeat meant
that by 1815 a quasi-traditional states system, the German
Confederation, had substituted for the pre-revolutionary German
polity. Yet the intervening years had a substantial effect on the
character of Romantic German nationalism, making it both much
more radically anti-French, and, because Jews had been one of the
most prominent beneﬁciaries of French liberalization, more
anti-Jewish. Moses Mendelssohn and the Berlin Jewish elite had
initially succeeded at being accepted by the Prussian cultural elite,
on rationalist lines, as civilized human beings and German civic
‘patriots’. This was undermined by the Romantic notion that Jews,
not being part of the German national body, could never become
fully German, and would always, therefore, be a foreign entity
within the nation. A notorious instance of this kind of thought was
that of the idealist philosopher, and German nationalist, Johann
Gottlieb Fichte, and his hostility to Jews as an alien entity was
shared by the father of multiculturalism, Johann Gottlieb von
Herder, although in a milder form.
The main German advance in thought, the idealism founded by
Immanuel Kant, also developed in ways deleterious to full
42

acceptance of Jews. Kant himself had displayed his own
prejudiced understanding of the Jewish religion by classifying it as
a heteronomous religion, which consisted of the individual only
obeying laws imposed on him, not those he recognized by the light
of his own reason through the categorical imperative. Yet many
Jewish thinkers dismissed this as a travesty of Jewish religion and
ethics, based on Kant’s ignorance of Judaism. They concentrated
instead on the great similarities between Kantian and Jewish
thought, and the possibilities that the idea of an ethics of the
autonomous will opened up for a rational organization of society,
in which Jewish individuals would be equal with all other
autonomous individual citizens. Kant became a guiding light for
many of the greatest German Jewish thinkers, including Hermann
Cohen.

43

The culture of irrationalism

Yet philosophical idealism after Kant left its Enlightened,
rationalist moorings and developed in parallel to Romanticism’s
emphasis on the irrational and the emotional, on the concept of
the will, ﬁrst in ﬁgures such as Fichte and later in the work of
Arthur Schopenhauer. Schopenhauer’s pessimism set the world of
cause and effect, and of the purposive pursuit of self-interest, the
world of mere empirical ‘representation’, against the noumenal
world of pure will. He identiﬁed the latter with the purely
spiritual, the real natural world beyond the perverse perspective of
rationalism. The noumenal world could only be realized by
self-abnegation in the sordid world of empirical reality and an
ethics of compassion. As with Kant, Schopenhauer saw Judaism as
an example of the heteronomous obedience to external entities,
the reverse of his ideal of compassion, and as indeed the prime
cause for the artiﬁcial division between Man and Nature that he
saw as the fundamental, tragic dichotomy in the Western view of
reality. Apart from holding a host of traditional prejudices against
Jews, Schopenhauer thus held to a strong theoretical
anti-Judaism, as he understood Jewish religion. In many ways, as
with Kant and Fichte, Schopenhauer’s hostility to Jews derived
from the Christian doctrine of Jewish blindness in the face of

Antisemitism

Christ’s divinity and the traditional theological concept of Judaism
being a religion of mere obedience to law, lacking Christian ‘love’,
but it was also a protest against both the results of economic and
social modernization and a rejection of traditional Christianity.
The ultimate ﬁgure of mid-to-late 19th-century German culture,
of a nationalist, irrationalist, neo-Romantic kind, but also
simultaneously ‘modern’ and antisemitic, was Richard Wagner. It
is clear that Wagner was antisemitic in his thought. As early as
1850 he anonymously published a long pamphlet, Das Judentum
in der Musik, in which he attacked the artiﬁciality of the music of
successful Jewish composers of the time such as Giacomo
Meyerbeer. Wagner claimed that Jews, born outside the German
nation, could never learn to express themselves authentically,
either linguistically or musically, because art was not something
that could be learned mechanically, but came from the national
spirit. He also bewailed the commercialization of the modern
German music world, and attributed this to both the sickness of
modern German culture and society, and the materialistic nature
of Jews, who were simply interested in selling their ‘artistic wares’
rather than expressing true art.
Wagner was, in other words, expressing Schopenhauerian,
anti-Jewish thought in a social theory about music. Wagner’s
antisemitism, expressed anonymously, was not immediately
known to the public, and it was only when he published his
antisemitic pamphlet in 1869 under his own name that his views
became known as his to that public. Wagner published several
subsequent articles with an antisemitic component. Today, as in
his own day, many admirers of Wagner’s music insist that his great
musical works, such as the Ring cycle and Parsifal, are not in
themselves antisemitic. Yet ﬁgures such as Alberich, the dwarf
who steals the Ring of the Nibelungs, appear to ﬁt all too easily in
the context of Wagner’s Romantic, Schopenhauerian mindset as
‘Jewish’ stereotypes. In this world view, greed and selﬁshness, the
drive of the sub-human to dominion over the world, and a lack of
44

6. Arthur Rackham, ‘The Rhinemaidens Teasing Alberich’ (1911). The
character Alberich in Richard Wagner’s The Ring of the Nibelungen
has been seen as a cipher of the composer’s antisemitic ideology.

Antisemitism

understanding of higher spirituality, are all attributed to the
distorted world of Western ‘representation’ that has its origins in
the Old Testament and ﬁnds its modern embodiment in the
proﬁt-obsessed world of ‘Jewish’ modern capitalism. Wagner did
not detest Jewish commercialization only: after a trip along the
Thames between London and Greenwich, Wagner remarked that
what he had seen was ‘Alberich’s dream’. The English obsession
with material gain, however, was for Wagner yet another instance
of the ‘Judaization’ (Verjudung) of the world.
The association of Jews with money was also of centuries-old
vintage, and ﬁtted neatly into German irrationalism’s contempt for
the self-interested, materialistic values of the modern capitalist
economy. Jews were thus seen as being a demoralizing, amoral
group, only interested in their own advancement, regardless of the
problems this might cause for the upstanding native German
population, whose nation was ‘too young’ to resist this perverting,
despiritualizing inﬂuence of alien Jews, ‘multitudes of assiduous
pant-selling youths’ from Poland, and literary ‘Semitic hustlers’, as
Heinrich Treitschke put it in 1879. A few years earlier, in 1875,
another august professor, Theodor Billroth, had made a very
similar argument in Vienna about the bad inﬂuence of too many
alien and poor Jews ﬂooding in from Galicia with the aim to earn
money from medicine, rather than adopting medicine as a
vocation. In both instances, a prime audience was the very
nationalistic student body, who put the nation above the sordid
reality of industrializing society and political deal-making, as
something spiritually pure and beyond mere rationalist, empirical
modernity, and hence as something from which Jews, as the
embodiment of such things in the irrationalist canon, should be
excluded.
Even irrationalist thinkers who opposed antisemitism, and
nationalism, such as Friedrich Nietzsche, also contributed, almost
against their will, to the antisemitic thrust of German irrationalist
culture. While his real target of opprobrium was organized
46

The problem for Jews with this broad irrationalist critique,
supported by some of the central ﬁgures of 19th-century German
national culture, was twofold. First, it struck at the heart of the
rationale of their emancipation. This had depended on the idea of
Man as a rational, moral, and educable agent, who would act in his
own self-interest and by the light of reason, hence recognizing the
inherent humanity of other peoples, such as Jews. At least this
viewpoint allowed those others (Jews) to improve themselves to
the level of rationality and culture sufﬁcient to merit being full
members of society. Religious and ethnic differences would
ultimately be ironed out by rational debate and empirical
evidence, as the Ring Fable in Gotthold Ephraim Lessing’s Nathan
the Wise suggested. In the German case, this was assumed to mean
that Jews would acculturate as Germans and as such be
indistinguishable from other rational, German-speaking citizens
of the rational state. The irrationalist critique completely
undermined this rationale, because it denied that Man was
primarily a rational being, and it made full membership of society
47

The culture of irrationalism

Christianity for perpetuating a ‘slave morality’ against the ‘natural’
value system of ancient Greece that valued strength, youth, beauty,
and ‘power’, Nietzsche inevitably followed his irrationalist
predecessors in seeing the origins of this ‘slave morality’ in the
‘heteronomous’ religion of Old Testament Judaism. Nietzsche
often praised modern emancipated Jews as a beneﬁcial inﬂuence
on European civilization. Yet his fulminations against the
originally Jewish ‘slave morality’ that was resisting his proposed
transvaluation of values could easily be abused to target modern
Jews as the obstacle to human liberation, a liberation that could
also be seen as one from the oppressive morality of the
heteronomous, rationalist modernity of capitalism’s deferred
gratiﬁcation and its reining in of humanity’s more ‘animal’ feelings
and instincts. Whether as amoral, immoral, or too moral, Jews
were despised by German irrationalist culture, because their
‘rationalism’ made them blind to the truly spiritual nature of the
German essence, or so it seemed.

Antisemitism

dependent on things beyond mere rational, empirical actions,
such as adherence to the laws and education in the mores,
language, and culture. Rather, membership now required
belonging in a national community that at times took on mystical
overtones, and often was deﬁned in terms of shared ‘blood and
soil’. Following Romanticism, German nationality was something
inherited rather than learned, given not acquirable, a matter of
feeling rather than rationality. Although the terminology came
later, irrationalist culture from the early 19th century deﬁned
German nationality in terms of a ‘community’ (Gemeinschaft)
rather than a ‘society’ (Gesellschaft); Jews, having been the
traditional outsiders of German society for centuries, found it nigh
impossible to enter the former, whereas as rational individuals
their way into the latter had seemed wide open.
Second, the irrationalist critique was difﬁcult for Jews to refute
because it mirrored, albeit distortedly, enough of social and
cultural reality to be at least partly credible, especially in German
Central Europe. Emancipated Jews not only were identiﬁed with
Enlightenment, liberalism, and the modern, rational capitalist
economy by non-Jewish society; they themselves identiﬁed with
these ideals. The very ideology of emancipation made such an
identiﬁcation virtually inevitable, given its goal of making Jews
suitable for integration into modern society. Adolf Jellinek,
Vienna’s leading rabbi in the Liberal Era and a prominent
spokesman for emancipation, stressed in 1861 the compatibility of
Jews and the Jewish religion with the ‘new time’ of modernity. He
compared the Jewish character to that of the English, with a ﬁrm
foundation of tradition allowing greater opportunity to change
and evolve. Jellinek particularly emphasized the Jews’
combination of an analytic mind and a very purposive
individualism, and asserted that modern society ought to be just
to Jews because it was taking on Jewish ‘qualities’. This sort of
ethnic triumphalism was perhaps understandable as an exercise in
emancipationist apologetics, but it all too easily fed into
anti-Jewish paranoia. One of Wagner’s most vitriolic anti-Jewish
48

tracts, ‘Modern’, appears to have been a direct response to an
article by a Jewish apologist making the same kind of positive
connection between Jews and modernity. An ironic echo of this
identiﬁcation can be seen in Theodor Herzl’s Zionist diary, when
he says that his aim is to make a ‘modern people’, the Jews, into
the most modern in the world.

49

The culture of irrationalism

There was, moreover, circumstantial economic and cultural
evidence that by the second half of the 19th century bolstered this
claim to a special relationship of Jews to modernity. Jews were
indeed very prominent in the German Central European modern
economy and modern culture. The claim by many antisemites that
Jews had invented this economy and culture was false. Although
court Jews had played their part as ﬁnanciers and war contractors
in Central Europe’s early modern economy, the origins of the
modern, capitalist economy lay primarily elsewhere. That Jews
were so well placed and so ready to take advantage of the
opportunities afforded by the new economy was ironically at least
partly due to their marginalization by anti-Jewish discrimination
in the traditional, agrarian economy. The fact remains that for
such a small minority (less than 1% of Germany’s population, and
less than 5% of Austria-Hungary’s), Jews had a remarkably large
role in many leading ﬁelds of the 19th century’s modern industrial
economy. These included ﬁnance (a traditional area, admittedly),
development of the railway system, textile manufacturing, and
later electrical machinery, transatlantic shipping, and large-scale
clothing retail, especially that symbol of modern commercialism,
the department store. Similarly, a pantheon of cultural and
intellectual ﬁgures – from Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy, Heinrich
Heine, and Ludwig Börne at one end, to Arnold Schoenberg,
Franz Kafka, Sigmund Freud, and Albert Einstein at the
other – provided an immense Jewish participation in modern
culture in German Central Europe. A cultural irrationalist or
conservative nationalist in late 19th-century Central Europe,
opposed to and threatened by rationalist modernity, would easily
have associated Jews with what he feared and detested, because

Antisemitism

7. ‘Inexplicable what one experiences’, Kikeriki, 9 September 1883.
Kikeriki cartoon: ‘Thus and not other wise did their fathers appear!
And today the sons of such Polish Jews want to teach us Viennese
about Germanness!’

most Jews in German Central Europe, the products of the
movement for emancipation, were in reality upholders of the
ideals of the Enlightenment, liberalism, and progress, in other
words of rationalist modernity.
When, therefore, the protest against rationalist modernity gained
momentum in the later 19th century, Jews were an obvious
candidate for scapegoating. The protest had been fuelled both by
disappointment with the negative consequences of
‘Manchester-style’ unrestrained economic growth in
environmental degradation and threatening, unhealthy urban
centres, and by the increase in prestige of nationalism as the
organicist, ‘irrationalist’ answer to the alienation and anomie of
the emerging industrial society. Jews had not been the cause of
rationalist modernity, or of modernity’s failings, but they had come
to be among modernity’s closest allies and they suffered when it
came under attack.
In France, antisemites such as Edouard Drumont attacked Jews
initially for their role in ﬁnance and, supposedly, the ﬁnancial
corruption of the Third Republic. Drumont’s ﬁrst major success
50

In the Russian Empire, in contrast, rationalist modernity never
stood much of a chance in the social and political, or even cultural,
sphere. Economic modernization in the form of industrialization
did become a top Tsarist priority in order to maintain Russia’s
position in the international system, and this priority was one of
the main reasons for the emancipation of the serfs in 1861. Yet it
always ran up against the deeply conservative (and contradictory)
desire of the Tsarist regime and much of Russian public opinion to
protect Russia’s largely agrarian society and traditional cultural
values from the consequences of capitalism. And early on Russian
conservatives identiﬁed ‘capitalism’ with ‘the Jews’. That this
identiﬁcation percolated down to the popular level is one
explanation for why the social unrest that occurred in the wake of
the emancipation eventually came to express itself after Alexander
II’s assassination in 1881 in pogroms against Jews. Similarly in
1905, when revolution threatened to undermine Tsarist power,
nationalists and reactionaries rallied around authority and one
51

The culture of irrationalism

came in the Panama Scandal of 1892–3, when outrage at a
national humiliation was diverted, by Drumont’s agitation, onto
two Jewish speculators, and hence onto all of ‘Jewish France’.
French antisemitism reached its height during the Dreyfus Affair.
This was an argument less about French Jews than about the
French Revolution, and whether the republican, anti-clerical Left,
or the conservative, Catholic Right ruled France. Yet Dreyfus’s
Jewishness, and the fact that he was on the General Staff at all,
was deeply symbolic of the Revolution’s meritocratic and
egalitarian ideals. It was at the same time what had made Dreyfus
appear an easy victim to frame, and it was also the apparent weak
point through which French conservative and reactionary forces
had thought to undermine the progressive Left. Dreyfus and his
cause came not only to represent French Jewry but also rational,
modern France. In this French case the Dreyfusards, French
Jewry, and rationalist, progressive modernity won out over
traditional conservatism and Catholicism, and irrationalists such
as Drumont or Maurice Barrès.

Antisemitism

result was a new round of pogroms against Jews. The fact that
increasing numbers of Jews, especially in the Bund, were
supporters of radical social and economic change, and that Jews
were heavily represented in the ranks of the Marxist socialist
leadership (Bolshevik and Menshevik) only served to heighten the
sense that Jews were the enemies of Tsarist authority and
traditional Russian values, as both capitalists and socialists.
In many areas of the late 19th-century Habsburg Monarchy as
well, nationalist remedies for the consequences of economic
modernization and national competition, whether in Polish
Western Galicia or amongst Czechs and Germans in Bohemia,
could often result in Jews being attacked instead. In Vienna, Jews
were attacked for the distress caused by the modern economy on
traditional trades and handicrafts, and in Germany political
antisemitism scored some of its greatest victories in depressed
rural areas, where Jewish cattle traders became the focus of blame
for larger economic trends for which those traders were not
directly responsible. On the more general level, Jews were not
responsible for the problems created by the modern economy, and
many Jews also suffered from those problems. Yet, overall Jews
were obvious beneﬁciaries of economic change, and as such they
were seen, almost inevitably, as part of the mysterious, new
capitalist system that was threatening the livelihood of so many
non-Jews.
Jews, as allies of modernity, thus became the targets of many of
those in Central and Eastern Europe who suffered from the
dislocations of economic modernization and the loss of moral and
spiritual certitude that came with what Max Weber called the
‘dis-enchantment of the world’, modernity’s undermining and
dismantling of the traditional authority embodied in the
hierarchical social order, the Church and the Monarchy.
Antisemites who came to their hostility to Jews from the
‘irrationalist’, conservative, and traditionalist viewpoint often
52

This radical version of the argument of emancipation as equal to
the disappearance of all Jewish difference was taken up in an even
more notorious essay, by the young Karl Marx in On the Jewish
Problem of 1844, in which Marx faulted Bauer not for wanting
Jews to give up their separate identity, but rather for seeing the
problem as one of religion rather than of the material
money-economy, which Marx, at this point, equates with ‘Judaism’
(Judentum). For Marx, true emancipation, for Jews and all others,
will come when the tyranny of the money-economy, Judaism, is
cast off by Mankind.
The anti-Jewish character of even the young Marx’s early socialism
would seem to make the later antisemitic attack on socialism as
‘Jewish’ truly irrational. Yet Marxist socialism, as it developed in
the second half of the 19th century, became a quite different
53

The culture of irrationalism

regarded both capitalism and socialism as ‘Jewish’. This tendency
has often been cited as proof of the complete irrationality of
irrationalist antisemitism. Yet blaming both sides of the central
econo-political conﬂict of modern history on Jews was not as
irrational as it might appear. The relationship between the
socialist opponents of the modern, capitalist economy and Jews
was a complex and ambivalent one. There was indeed a tradition
of anti-Jewish hostility on the radical French Left in the early 19th
century, among such ﬁgures as Charles Fourier, Pierre-Joseph
Proudhon, and especially Fourier’s disciple Alphonse Toussenel,
who attacked the Jews as the spirit behind the ‘ﬁnancial feudality’
exploiting the French people. In Germany as well, radical
left-wing thought was often bracketed with anti-Jewish hostility,
even when it was not ostensibly anti-Jewish. Bruno Bauer in 1843
used the debate over the ‘Jewish Question’ to launch a radically
anti-clerical critique of all religion. In the course of this attack on
religion, Bauer made the claim that Jews would only be
successfully emancipated when they, along with all Christians,
gave up their religion, because all religion was a ‘chimera’ standing
in the way of human progress, fraternity, and enlightenment.

Antisemitism

ideology. Even in 1848, Marx’s theory was of communism as the
inevitable, modern outcome of the dialectics within capitalism.
Sitting in exile in London, Marx melded his Hegelianism with very
empiricist Ricardian economic theory, conducting an internal
critique of British capitalism, and thus produced a mature theory
that depended on rational self-interest as its engine. Marx thus
combined an ethical critique of modern capitalism with the
outlook of rationalist modernity, seeing his communism not as a
reaction but a development of the modern economy. Just like
advocates of ‘Manchesterist’ capitalism, Marxism had no interest
in preserving useless traditional vestiges of authority – in that
sense, the irrationalist antisemites were quite correct in seeing
both capitalism and Marxist socialism as threatening ‘traditional’
forms of society, because they were two sides of the same coin. As
such, they were both on a different, modern plane from the
pre-modern forms of artisanry and agriculture which still typiﬁed
large swathes of the European economy in the late 19th century.
It was therefore not irrational to see capitalism and socialism as
linked in the way that irrationalist, conservative antisemites
imagined. Nor was it entirely illusory to see both as ‘Jewish’ in the
German Central European context, for individuals of Jewish
descent did play a remarkably large role in both the German and
Austrian Marxist Social Democratic movements. Marx was the
most obvious case, and it is clear, even from his troubling 1844
essay, that the ideology of Jewish emancipation, in an odd
dialectic, played a large role in his turning to dialectical
materialism and the theory of rational, interest-based, class
struggle. Yet Marx was only the most prominent in a whole cast of
Jewish socialist intellectuals and leaders. Many of these, most
notably the two leaders of Austrian Social Democracy, Victor Adler
and then Otto Bauer, were the sons of successful capitalists. That
the battle between capitalism and socialism in German Central
Europe was so often fought out between Jewish capitalist fathers
and Jewish socialist sons only served to encourage and conﬁrm
antisemitic suspicions of conspiracy, even when there was none.
54

Chapter 5
The perils of modernity

The ‘irrationalist’ critique of ‘Jewish’ modernity that informed so
much of antisemitism was, as we have just seen, not quite as
completely irrational as has often been claimed, and the
circumstances of late 19th-century German Central Europe, the
actual role played by Jews in the region’s economy, politics,
thought, and culture, made it all too credible. Yet there was also
another, ‘rational’, even ‘rationalist’, side to antisemitism. The irony
of the Jewish identiﬁcation with rationalist modernity was that in
Central and Eastern Europe there was ultimately nothing more
threatening to Jews than the modernization of society – given the
form of modernity in which that modernization took place.
Not all antisemitic ideologues of the late 19th century were
irrationalist, objecting to the Jews because of their rationalism.
One of the most inﬂuential antisemitic writers of the time, the
economist, philosopher, and (anti-Marxist) socialist Eugen
Dühring argued the reverse, that Jews were not rationalist
enough, but rather were mystics, still blinded by atavistic
superstition. It was because of their lack of rationality that Jews
were unworthy of participating in progressive, scientiﬁc German
society. Dühring’s book from 1881, The Jewish Question as a
Racial, Moral and Cultural Problem, was a key text in the
development of a ‘scientiﬁc’ form of racial antisemitism. This used
the prestige of Darwinian evolutionary biology to invert the debate
55

Antisemitism

about Jews and rationality. Many of the same arguments about
Jewish blindness and superstition that went back to early
Christianity were revisited and refashioned into ‘scientiﬁc’ theories
about the inadequacy of the Jewish form of reasoning, as opposed
to the higher, Christian or Aryan mode of truly rational
thought.
Many of the stereotypes of the ‘irrationalist’ critique of Jews
could be incorporated into this ‘rationalist’ assertion of the
inadequate nature of the Jewish mind. Houston Stewart
Chamberlain, the originally English son-in-law of Richard
Wagner, combined ‘irrationalist’ Wagnerian cultural antisemitism
with this new ‘scientiﬁc’ negative stereotype of Jews in his
immensely successful Foundations of the Nineteenth Century
from 1899. In this book, replete with the fashionable racial
theorizing of the era, Chamberlain characterized Central
European Jewry as spiritually backward and racial mongrels, who
were not truly autonomous, rational beings. He made a Kantian
distinction between Judaism as a heteronomous religion and
Christianity as a religion of the internalized God, the true source
of moral freedom. Jews used a lesser form of instrumental
rationality and a materialist world view, as opposed to the
Christian and Aryan reliance on belief and on authentic reason.
While Jews followed a slave religion, Christian Aryans followed a
religion of modern, free beings. Jewish rationality was, in this
view, nothing but a lower, superﬁcial form of reason, which
informed such regressive and morally pernicious modes of
thought as utilitarianism, ‘destructive’ capitalism, and Marxist
(Jewish) socialism. It was up to Germans, and Aryans generally, to
overcome this degenerate inﬂuence on Western civilization and
return to the higher plane of thinking and scientiﬁc endeavour, as
represented in nuce by the remarkable achievements of German
culture, science, the German economy, and, above all, the German
nation in the last decades of the 19th century. Aryan Germans
represented the promise of a truly rational modernity, not
materialistic Jews.
56

Darwin’s elegant proof of the (already posited) theory of evolution
in 1859 simply conﬁrmed and encouraged racial theories about
human behaviour and character. It also greatly boosted the
prestige attached to the biological model of enquiry, and
undermined both the religious and the idealist interpretations of
what human beings were. The idea of a Kantian uniform, equal
‘kingdom of ends’ all too easily made way for a view of humanity
akin to the prevailing view of the animal kingdom, full of
hierarchies of higher and lesser evolved species, in which only the
ﬁttest survived. The invidious consequences can be seen in the
thinking of Herbert Spencer’s Social Darwinism, on the one hand,
but even worse in the racial thinking of the greatest avowed
57

The perils of modernity

Chamberlain backed up his argument for a German modernity
free of Jews, moreover, by using the most modern kind of scientiﬁc
language: the language of Darwinian biology and its
anthropological counterpart: race. Racial theory, and the
distinction between ‘Aryans’ and ‘Semites’, pre-dated Darwin’s On
the Origin of Species, published in 1859. Benjamin Disraeli had
written of Jews as a distinct and powerful race in his novel,
Coningsby, of 1844. The French historian Ernest Renan had
written of the distinction between the Aryan and Semitic races in
1848, and another Frenchman, secretary to Alexis de Tocqueville,
Joseph Arthur de Gobineau, published the canonical text of racial
theory, Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races between 1853
and 1855. Gobineau was not himself anti-Jewish. In his book he
praised the Jews for their racial purity, although he thought the
‘Aryan’ race superior and disapproved of the mixing of races, and
so was against the ‘Semitization’ of ‘Aryan’ Europeans.
Nevertheless, Gobineau’s work set the framework within which
racial theory became a serious ﬁeld of study. Moses Hess, famed as
the precursor of Zionism for his Rome and Jerusalem of 1862, was
an avid student of racial theory in the 1850s. The idea that
behaviour and mentality were derived from natural, material
transmission did, after all, ﬁt very well into the materialism which
was regarded at the time as the most modern philosophy.

Antisemitism

follower of Darwin in the world of German science, Ernst Haeckel,
the founder of the monist movement. Haeckel, as with Gobineau,
was not particularly anti-Jewish, but he clearly saw humanity in
terms of a hierarchy of superior and inferior races, and the white
Aryan race, particularly the Germans, was at the top, the ‘Semitic’
Jews inferior. His claim that ‘politics is applied biology’ summed
up the racialist approach and completely undermined the
rationalist framework on which Jewish emancipation and
integration into Central European society had been based.
At the time, however, it was not at all clear that racialism was
irrational or even anti-rationalist; indeed, it appeared to a great
many to be solidly ‘scientiﬁc’ in its approach, and an enlightening,
because materialist, replacement for the superstitions of religion
and even that ‘slave morality’ so criticized by Nietzsche. The
dubious nature of its claims to scientiﬁc status was evident to
some at the time. The nomenclature of Aryan and Semite derived
not from biology but from linguistics and its relevance to race
relied on a shaky theory of ethnolinguistics. Chamberlain, one of
the great champions of racial theory, could nevertheless see that
there was little empirical proof for the ‘science’ of race and came to
rely instead on proof of racial character by subjective feeling. Yet
there were many academics, including many Jews, who took the
categories of race seriously, and endeavoured to perform proper,
scientiﬁc research on racial characteristics, involving such
notorious techniques as cranial measurement, to investigate
whether behaviour and mentality were indeed linked to
genetically determined physiology.
The attempt to discover correlations between material biological,
empirically veriﬁable qualities such as skin colour and head shape
was, in its own way, an extension of the scientiﬁc, empirical
method, no matter how bizarre and prejudiced its results appear
to us today. One of the great founders of scientiﬁc criminology,
Cesare Lombroso, was, as a materialist and hence biological
determinist, convinced that criminals were born not made, and
58

could be detected by their physical appearance. Lombroso, a Jew,
was viewed as very progressive in his time for rejecting an
‘unscientiﬁc’, moralistic view of crime. Eugenics, the movement
that sought to combat human ‘degeneration’ and racially improve
humanity by proper breeding policies, was also seen at the turn of
the 20th century as rational, progressive, scientiﬁc, and modern.
George Bernard Shaw, the modern man of his age, was one of its
greatest supporters.

It is, moreover, a comfortable illusion of our time to think that
‘rationalist modernity’ was only ﬁtted to individualistic capitalism
on the Western, liberal democratic model. Jeffrey Herf has pointed
out that it was quite possible to have a ‘reactionary modernism’ in
early 20th-century Germany, which attempted to use
technological and scientiﬁc progress for illiberal and authoritarian
ends. At the turn of the century, there was indeed a move away in
the Western societies, including Britain, from the old ‘Manchester’
model of modernity, based on individual self-interest in the laissez
faire free market, towards a much more collectivist model, in
which the nation state, bureaucrats, and ‘experts’ played a far
larger role in directing society and thus avoided the ‘irrationalities’
produced by individuals left to themselves. This could lead to a
59

The perils of modernity

It is also true that not all racial theories were innately antisemitic;
indeed, some race scientists, many of them Jewish, saw ‘Semites’
as superior. Antisemitic racial theories were no more irrational
than these philosemitic racial theories, or indeed any other racial
theory, because the whole approach has been shown by modern
science to be either completely chimeric, or, even in its
postmodern guise of DNA decoding, quite marginal to other far
more potent distinguishers in human behaviour and achievement,
such as culture, environment, education, geography, and good
fortune (and perhaps free will). Racially based theories such as
eugenics have come to be discredited and viewed as either evil or
totally misguided. Yet their ‘unscientiﬁc’ nature was not evident to
a great many at the time.

Antisemitism

form of liberal reformism, as in Edwardian Britain, or in
American Progressivism, but it could just as well lead to a form of
modern authoritarian nationalism, and the country which
exempliﬁed this new, more corporatist form of modernity was
Germany. The contrast between liberal Britain and authoritarian,
machine-like Germany was a cliché of travel literature of the time,
and Germany was seen as the more modern.
Within this framework, racial theory, and racial antisemitism,
could appear as forms of what might be termed ‘reactionary
rationalism’, for if it was scientiﬁcally shown that there were
superior and inferior races, rationally, they should be treated
accordingly, and if eugenics was proposing selective breeding to
improve the national stock, then was not this logic also applicable
to selectivity and discrimination between races? Such thinking,
when applied to Jews, meant that antisemitism was not only the
politics of cultural despair, or of the uneducated rabble, but also
highly inﬂuential within (the non-Jewish part of ) Germany and
Austria’s intellectual and academic elite.
Indeed, medical professors and students, with their bias in favour
of the physiological, were particularly prominent among racial
antisemitism’s supporters. The supposed differences between the
Aryan masculine ideal body type and its weaker, more effeminate
Semitic counterpart – with its hooked nose, ﬂat feet, round skull,
and so forth – were seen to reﬂect spiritual, psychological
difference. Jewish physicians, such as Sigmund Freud and Max
Nordau, have been seen to be heavily affected by such thinking.
Freud’s tracing of the cause of antisemitism to the circumcision of
Jewish men is probably linked to this sort of ‘scientiﬁc’ discourse
about Jewish physiology. The supposed feminine nature of Jewish
men was an especially prevalent theme, reﬂecting as it did the
projected fears of non-Jewish men about the emancipation of
their supposed gender and ethnic inferiors. Ironically, one of the
canonical texts of this antisemitic literature, Otto Weininger’s Sex
and Character, while accepting the difference between ‘Aryan’ and
60

‘Jewish’ mentalities, and seeing this difference as similar to the
polarity between ‘Man’ and ‘Woman’, did not equate ‘Woman’ with
‘Jew’. Moreover, by making ‘Jewishness’ a spiritual and not a
racial quality, Weininger (himself Jewish by descent) challenged
the racially antisemitic assumptions of his day. By seeing ‘Jewish’
thought as collectivist and materialist as opposed to the ‘Aryan’s’
individualism and idealism, Weininger asserted that antisemitism
must therefore be ‘Jewish’. Few beyond his Jewish readers noticed
this dialectical counter-attack, however, and Weininger’s
supposed identiﬁcation of Jews as immoral and feminine, and
hence inferior, became part of racial antisemitism’s ideological
armoury.

In Germany, the formation of a stronger national identity after
1871 was engineered by Bismarck through a process of ‘negative
integration’ which identiﬁed Germans by deﬁning who they were
not. Hence Catholic Germans were initially identiﬁed in the
Kulturkampf of the 1870s as questionable patriots, because of
their allegiance to a foreign power (the Pope). Socialists were also
identiﬁed as un-German and persecuted as such, as were the
many Slavs within German territory, especially in the eastern,
Polish sections of Prussia. Then, as Bismarck decided to switch
from relying on liberal to conservative support around 1880, the
61

The perils of modernity

The inﬂuence of racial theory was also closely bound up with the
much increased prestige of nationalism in early 20th-century
Europe. Even in multinational states, such as the Habsburg
Monarchy, liberal parties either switched over to the more
nationalist, often racially based form of self-identiﬁcation, or were
replaced by more radical nationalist parties. Among Austrian
German Liberals, the criterion for inclusion in respectable society
changed from being educated and ‘rational’ to being German, and
while the latter could still be interpreted culturally, racial
deﬁnitions became ever more popular, and antisemitic nationalist
parties were eventually accepted as part of what had been the
liberal, progressive Left in Austrian politics.

8. Adolf Stöcker (1835–1909). As founder of the Christian Social Party
(1878) and the Berlin Movement (1881), Stöcker was the ﬁrst major
leader of political antisemitism in Germany.

antisemitic preaching of the court preacher, Adolf Stöcker, was
allowed to proceed, and Bismarck gave his tacit backing to the
idea that Jews also were not quite German. The exclusion of these
groups from being part of the nation had the general effect of
making them want even more to become a part of that nation, and
it also cemented a sense of at least negative identity among those
lucky enough not to be excluded.

As far as Central European Jews were concerned, this modern,
rational demand for uniformity and univalence had always been
the pressure behind the drive to integrate inherent in the
emancipation movement, and the ‘failure’ of Jews to lose their
difference had been a major reason for the survival of the ‘Jewish
Question’. This had, however, looked manageable and temporary,
as Jews appeared well on the way to ever greater integration
(assimilation) into German and Central European society. Once
the deﬁnition of modernity had shifted to the more ‘organic’ and
collectivist model, in which the ‘reactionary rationalism’ of
biological thinking – and race – played such a large role, then
Jewish difference became racially deﬁned, and hence impossible
63

The perils of modernity

Moreover, being a modern development, the new German
nationalism demanded a uniformity of German identity and an
exclusivity of national loyalty that differed markedly from
traditional corporatist systems, which had allowed for diversity of
identity and multiplicity of loyalties. It was an adaptation of a
cornerstone of modern rationality, the logical rule of the excluded
middle: one was either German, or one was of another national
(racial) group. One could not be both; one could not, by this logic,
owe allegiance to the Pope and be a real German; and one could
not be loyal to a different ethnicity or religious group, such as the
Jews, and still be a real German. This nationalist ‘either/or’ logic
was quite ‘rational’, quintessentially ‘rational’, and an abhorrence
for divided loyalties could be seen in the citizenship laws of many
countries, including in American law, where loyalty to the United
States alone was required.

Antisemitism

to overcome. This tendency towards a racially based
ethno-nationalism did not only affect Jewish status among
Germans. It also compromised their integration in the eyes of
many Czech, Polish, and Romanian nationalists, who had, being
modern nationalists, adopted both the idea of individuals needing
to have undivided loyalty to the national cause, and a ‘scientiﬁc’
quasi-racial deﬁnition of who was an ‘authentic’ member of the
national family. The most signiﬁcant case remained the German
nationalist one, however, and it did not augur well for Jews that
the most radical nationalist parties and organizations in both
Germany and Austria before 1914, such as the Pan-German
League, led by Heinrich Class, and the Austrian Pan-German
Party, led by Georg von Schönerer, were racially antisemitic, the
latter vehemently so.
Most Germans and Austrians, indeed even most German and
Austrian-German nationalists, thought the extreme lengths to
which ﬁgures such as Schönerer took their antisemitism to be
unreasonable. Even if the prevalence of racial thinking and the
logic of the nation state and nationalism pointed towards a racial
antisemitic conclusion, there remained many other considerations
and factors which prevented such a conclusion being either
reached or acted upon by most people before 1914, indeed before
1933. Political antisemitism, it is worth pointing out, was only
ever a small success in Imperial Germany and was by 1914
regarded as a failure. Even in Austria, where it was much
more successful, antisemitism was kept in bounds by the
(non-national) state. Antisemitic attitudes and practices had
inﬁltrated German society, as they had Austria’s various national
societies even more successfully, but the radical, ‘rational’
consequences of racial antisemitism were not drawn, partly
because older, non-rational political and moral values intervened
to deem the ‘rational’ conclusions of racial theory as applied
to Jews impractical, immoral, immoderate, and hence
unreasonable.

64

In Eastern Europe, especially in Russia, complex considerations of
minority nationalisms also played a role. Roman Dmowski, leader
of the Polish National Democrats, launched an economic boycott
of Jews partially to shore up Polish national identity in Russia. The

65

The perils of modernity

Yet all too many Central and Eastern Europeans adopting
antisemitic attitudes, or at least playing to them, did appear
‘sensible’, understood in terms of an instrumental rationality.
The anti-Jewish hostility of Czech and Polish (and Ruthenian)
nationalists within the Habsburg Monarchy was explicable in
terms of the intricate ethnic and national balance within the
Bohemian Crownlands and Galicia. In the Bohemian case, Jews
had provided crucial votes to tip the balance in favour of German
liberals against their Czech opponents, and they were often
linguistically ‘ambidextrous’. Not only did this go against the
nationalist model of uniformity and univalence, but in more
practical terms it meant that Jewish preference for the German
cause had cost the Czech nationalists electoral success and hence
power. Attacking Jews, and pressuring them to become ‘Czech’,
at least in their political, national persona, thus had a real
rationale, and the success of this pressure in the ‘Czechization’
of many Bohemian Jews after 1890 did enhance Czech power.
Similarly, the hostility and pressure of the Polish-led authorities
in Galicia against Galician Jewry succeeded in coercing a
formal ‘Polonization’ of Jews, which had the effect of turning
Galicia’s population majority ‘Polish’ for the ﬁrst time. The fact
that Jews, perforce, now shored up Polish hegemony was in turn
deeply resented by nationalist leaders of the Ruthenian
‘minority’. Minority nationalist resentment against Jews in
Hungary, from Romanians, Slovaks, and others, also had a
real basis in the support of most Hungarian Jews for the
Hungarian – Magyar – national cause. Jews in these cases were,
for whatever reason, supporting the national enemy, or at least
not supporting ‘us’, and in the ‘us versus them’ world of modern
nationalism that was all that mattered.

Antisemitism

Kishinev pogrom of 1903, against the myth, was not instigated by
the Tsarist authorities; rather, it was provoked by a Russian
nationalist and extremely antisemitic newspaper editor, A. P.
Krushevan, in a city where ethnic Russians were a small minority
and Jews and Romanian-speaking Moldavians were the major
groups. The Tsarist Interior Minister at the time, however,
Viacheslav Plehve, was, as with most Tsarist ofﬁcials, hostile to
Jews and had fostered the sort of political climate where extremist
reactionaries such as Krushevan were allowed to function, because
it kept Jews and their liberal and progressive allies off-balance,
and divided and distracted the opposition.
In Central Europe, scapegoating of Jews was also used as a
favourite political device by many politicians, most famously Karl
Lueger, founder of the Christian Social Party in Austria, and
mayor of Vienna 1897–1910. Much of Lueger’s success was due to
his mastery of the new, mass ‘modern’ politics that emerged as a
consequence of modernization and the expansion of the franchise
in most Western countries in the late 19th century. The new
politics followed the change in the character of ‘modernity’
discussed above, in that it was much more corporatist and
collectivist in its approach than the preceding, liberal era of
‘honorary’ politics. Instead of politics being a process decided
between individual politicians, it became far more a matter of
party machines, with divisions more explicitly along class and
ethnic lines. Lueger’s genius was to realize that in Vienna the most
effective means to assemble a political coalition to challenge and
defeat the Liberal hegemony over Vienna’s municipal politics was
to identify ‘them’, the image of the political enemy, not as ‘liberal’
but as ‘Jewish’, in a classic, if hypertrophic, example of the sort of
ethnic tactics often used in modern Western urban politics.
Yet Lueger would not have been successful in this tactic were
antisemitic hostility not widespread in Vienna, cutting across lines
of ideology and interest, and if this had not been combined with
the real social and economic situation of Central European Jewry,
66

9. ‘Do I look like I would eat Jews?’, Glühlichter, December 1892. Karl
Lueger (1844–1910), Austrian Christian Social leader and mayor of
Vienna, was notorious for his cynical opportunism and hypocrisy
regarding antisemitism; he was one of Hitler’s role models, together
with Georg von Schönerer, in Mein Kampf.

Antisemitism

especially in Vienna. The fact is that Central European Jews had
indeed done remarkably well in the modern, capitalist economy,
and many of the more successful, and most successful, had settled
in Vienna. There were many poor Jews in Vienna, but there was
also a coterie of extremely wealthy Jewish banking, commercial,
and industrial ‘dynasties’ and alongside this a substantial
prosperous business and professional middle class. By the turn of
the century, Jews really did control many, if not most, of Austria’s
major banks, much of the textile industry and the coal and steel
industry was run by Jews or individuals of Jewish descent, such as
Karl Wittgenstein, Ludwig’s father, and many of Vienna’s most
prominent retail stores were also ‘in Jewish hands’. Roughly half of
all lawyers and physicians in Vienna were Jewish, and a large
majority of the editorial staff of the city’s most prestigious
newspaper, the Neue Freie Presse, was Jewish. The culture of
Vienna 1900 was not entirely a creation of Jews, but Jews were
predominant, especially in such ﬁelds as literature, psychoanalysis,
philosophy, and progressive economic, legal, and political thought.
When Jewish material success had ﬁrst become particularly
evident, in the 1860s, it was generally accepted by the authorities
and populace, because these were the prosperous ‘founders’ years’
of rapid economic growth. Behind Jewish acceptance was an
implicit bargain: the assumption was that liberal economic
policies, which enabled Jews to achieve their new status of
prosperity, would also provide for the prosperity of non-Jews. Any
latent resentment at a formerly oppressed, pariah group suddenly
leapfrogging most of the populace to be both materially more
successful and socially superior was kept in check by the rational
calculation that everyone could gain from the new dispensation.
This began to change radically in 1873. The economic good times
came to an end with the Crash of 9 May, when a run on the
Viennese Stock Exchange spread to the ﬁnancial centres of the
rest of Europe and ushered in the long era of the (19th-century)
Depression. The damage done by the Crash was more
68

psychological than material. The economy recovered relatively
quickly and the late 19th century was an era of remarkable
technological progress. The Crash had, however, destroyed the
populace’s faith in laissez faire economics, and the political
liberalism that went with it, and the compromising of liberalism
also had a negative inﬂuence on the standing in public opinion of
its allies in Central European Jewry. There was a time lag between
the Crash and political liberalism’s decline in both Germany and
Austria, but it is striking that the end of liberal hegemony in
Central Europe around 1879 was followed almost immediately by
the emergence of political antisemitism.

Much of German Central European antisemitism can thus be seen
as an extreme attempt at wealth redistribution, on ethnic rather
than class lines. Those on the democratic and socialist Left have
concurred with the Viennese Democrat Ferdinand Kronawetter
that antisemitism in this economic sense was an irrational
‘socialism of fools’. Yet in some circumstances, especially in
Vienna, the rationale does not look that insane – evil, cynical, and
selﬁsh, but instrumentally rational. If Jewish pedlars were
providing goods at lower prices than their non-Jewish shopkeeper
69

The perils of modernity

There was a certain rational calculus that could explain this: Jews,
viewed as a separate group, had been acceptable and welcome as
entrepreneurs and ‘money-people’ who knew how to create
prosperity. That is how they continued to be welcomed in Hungary
as allies of the Magyar national cause. In Vienna, however, once
the economic circumstances had tightened, and Jews, unlike those
in the non-Jewish middle and lower middle classes, still appeared
to have kept most of their gains, and even be increasing them,
attitudes darkened. As long as Jews were still viewed as not ‘one of
us’, as a competing ethnic group, who had been allowed to rise
from their divinely ordained state of wretchedness to become full
members of society precisely in order to help make the pie bigger
for all, then it seemed reasonable to see their economic gains as a
slice of the pie which should, by rights, be ‘ours’.

Antisemitism

equivalents, then banning the Jewish competition made
(short-term) sense. If graduating Jewish medical students were
competing in very large numbers for academic and professional
appointments, then it made sense, for non-Jewish counterparts, to
seek a numerus clausus to reduce Jewish competition. If Jewish
student activists had been so central to the birth of radical, socially
oriented German nationalist student politics that they occupied
many leadership positions in the movement (as they did in the late
1870s), then it was ‘rational’ for non-Jewish rivals to insist that the
movement be true to its national purity and dismiss those Jews on
the grounds of racial antisemitism.
Once Jews were seen as ‘them’, then the dynamics of ethnic
politics often meant that the ‘rational’, even ‘modern’ answer was
to target the Jewish ‘out group’ as the source of compensation for
the ‘compact majority’. The fact that such a large proportion of
Vienna’s populace was not Austrian German but rather Czech,
Slovak, or some other ethnicity only reinforced the attraction of
this manoeuvre, because by identifying Jews as the ‘foreigner’, all
the other groups could become ‘Viennese’ in a massive exercise in
‘negative integration’. In the long term this antisemitic form of
resource redistribution was indeed a ‘socialism of fools’, if only
because Jewish individuals were very productive members of the
economy and society. But then many would argue that socialism is
a ‘socialism of fools’ for the same reason – that it sacriﬁces
long-term growth for short-term gains. In the Viennese example,
there were actually quite a few short- and medium-term gains for
non-Jews who had either adopted Lueger’s antisemitic message or
voted for it. Christian Socials, after all, became the party in power,
and indeed became the main conservative, bourgeois party in
Austria; and Lueger’s municipalization of utilities in Vienna,
which he sold in antisemitic terms as rescuing the people’s
resources from the ‘Jewish’ capitalists – and ﬁnanced with credit
from banks run by Jews – is to this day regarded as a triumph of
municipal governance.

70

71

The perils of modernity

This corporatist version of modernity, which saw society in terms
of ‘natural’ wholes and groups rather than as individual rational
actors, when interlaced with the division between a Jewish ‘them’
and a non-Jewish ‘us’ was ultimately extremely dangerous. Yet this
result of ‘modernity’ was far from an inevitable aspect of all
modernity. Its corporatist, holistic character was not shared by the
predominant form of modernity in the English-speaking world
and Western Europe. Countries such as Britain, the United States,
and France, as mentioned above, were also inﬂuenced in a more
collectivist, corporatist direction, but nowhere near to the same
extent, and there was a strong, liberal democratic, individualist
and pluralist counter-current. It was not ‘modernity’ as such, but a
particular, Central European kind that was most liable to this
antisemitic temptation. Even then, it only succumbed to that
temptation in particular circumstances, when combined with the
factors outlined in previous chapters. When this combination did
occur, however, it did so with horrendous consequences.

Chapter 6
Concatenations

The building blocks of antisemitism outlined in previous chapters
had all been assembled by 1914. Racial antisemitism and
ethno-nationalism had blocked the prospect of a full integration of
Jews into Central and Eastern European society, asserting Jewish
racial inferiority and excluding them from the national
community. Religious antisemitism, recapitulating Christian
anti-Judaism, eyed Jews as following a superﬁcial and
materialistic religion for blind unbelievers. Economic
antisemitism, based on fear and envy at the supposed stranglehold
of ‘the Jews’ over ﬁnance, accused Jews of being behind the
depredations of capitalism on the traditional economy. Cultural
antisemitism saw materialistic, abstract Jewish rationalism as
responsible for the disenchantment of the world through the ‘rule
of Mammon’ (the money-based economy) and Marxist socialism,
to say nothing of Freudian psychoanalysis’s reduction of the
irrational world of the unconscious to a series of sordid sexual
problems. Even the over-arching principle of the international
Jewish world conspiracy was available. The Protocols of the Elders
of Zion, a fairly obvious forgery, probably cooked up around 1902
by members of the Russian secret service and based on various
19th-century works of ﬁction, set out the elements of a Jewish plan
to use capitalism and socialism to set the non-Jews against each
other and hence conquer the world. The Protocols were not
72

actually available to anything but a Russian audience until after
the First World War, but in any case Western and Central
European antisemites, going back at least to Wilhelm Marr’s
Victory of Jewry over Germandom from 1879, had already made
more or less the same claim about Jews internationally conspiring
to wreak their revenge on Gentile society.

The emergence of antisemitism in all its various forms had,
admittedly, profoundly affected the Jewish situation within
European society. Even in Britain and the United States, the large
ﬂow of Jewish immigrants around the turn of the century ﬂeeing
persecution and penury in Russia was met by a social and cultural
animosity in some circles in which the usual nativist reaction to
immigrants was tinged, or worse, with antisemitism. The British
‘Aliens Act’ of 1905 restricting immigration was aimed mainly at

73

Concatenations

Yet, for all of this, Western and Central European Jewry still
enjoyed equal rights with their non-Jewish fellow citizens, most
enjoyed increasing prosperity, and the integration of Jews into
society and culture proceeded, with Jewish individuals having an
ever larger role in European modern culture. The various forms of
antisemitism might have established themselves by 1914, but only
in particular contexts, such as Vienna and German Austria, the
Bohemia Crownlands, Galicia, and a few more rural parts of
Germany, in Hesse and Saxony, had political antisemitism
achieved success – and even that was on the wane. Even in Russia,
the Jewish community had become much more assertive against
the oppressive Tsarist state, and Jews could look forward with
some conﬁdence to a brighter future, either as a result of
progressive reform, or socialist revolution, with both Russian
progressive liberals and socialists supporting full Jewish
emancipation. The ritual murder trial of Menahem Beilis in 1913,
although a reminder of Russian atavism, resulted in Beilis’s
acquittal, and saw many Russian intellectuals criticize the
antisemitic machinations of the Tsarist authorities.

Antisemitism

Eastern European Jews. France and French Jewry were still
recovering from the trauma of the Dreyfus Affair. In Austria, the
antisemitic Christian Socials, combining religious and economic
antisemitism, dominated the municipal government of Vienna
and were the major clerical-conservative force in German Austria;
and racial antisemitism, especially among the formerly liberal
non-Jewish part of the intelligentsia, had added to Jews, especially
in Vienna, being both politically alienated and socially isolated.
Similarly in Germany, antisemitic attitudes had spread into many
political and social organizations, especially on the more
right-wing, conservative side, leaving the more astute or sensitive
among German Jews concerned at the implications for the project
of full integration. Informal bans on Jews in various parts of both
the German and Austrian state and even academia persisted. In
the Prussian ofﬁcer corps, a ban on individuals of Jewish descent
was upheld. Antisemitism put paid to the idea of the
‘disappearance’ of Jews into German and Austrian society. One of
the consequences of this adoption by mainstream politics of
antisemitic attitudes and behaviours, however, was that the
movement of political antisemitism, threatening around 1880, and
again around 1893, had petered out in Germany by 1914. Even in
Austria, the Christian Socials had only implemented minor,
harassing measures against Jews, and in any case were prevented
from serious persecution by the state authorities’ upholding of the
equal rights of Jewish citizens, as was the case also in the German
Empire and its various states. The highpoint of political
antisemitism appeared to have passed by 1914.
Central European Jews, similar to their Eastern European
counterparts, had, moreover, adjusted to this new situation. One
response to the rise of racism and ethno-nationalism had been to
adopt the same approach to their own identity: the Zionism of
Theodor Herzl both accepted the assertion that Jews were indeed
a foreign ‘people’ and criticisms that Jews were suffering from a
moral crisis. Hence his ‘modern solution’ to the Jewish Question
was that the Jews should go off and found a separate, modern
74

How did this apparently manageable situation result in the
Holocaust?
The short answer is that 1914 saw the beginning of what has been
called the ‘general crisis and Thirty Years War of the 20th century’,
which culminated in the genocidal crimes and ultimate defeat of
Hitler’s Third Reich. It is only in the light of the collapse and
traumatization of European civilization in the First World War,
the emergence of Bolshevik Russia, and the subsequent failure to
restore ‘normalcy’ in Europe and the global economy, that Hitler’s
ability to become Führer (which just means leader) of Germany
75

Concatenations

state of their own, to improve themselves, cure European society
of antisemitism, and complete the emancipation by integration
into humankind, but as a nation rather than as individuals. By
1914, this effort had not achieved much concretely, but had
received the moral support of the German, British, and even
Russian governments. Other Zionists, such as Richard
Beer-Hofmann, were less enthusiastic about a political solution,
but saw the assertion of an ethnocultural Jewish identity as a
moral act. Even many of those Jews still committed to full
integration into German and Austrian society at large took a more
assertive approach, resulting in the formation of self-defence
organizations such as the Centralverein (Central Association of
Germans of the Jewish Faith) in Germany and the
Österreichisch-israelitische Union (Austrian-Israelitic Union).
Other Central European Jews, disillusioned by political
liberalism’s weakness and readiness to compromise with
antisemitic nationalists, transferred their support to socialism,
seeing this as the last major political movement to preserve the
Enlightenment’s ideal of an equal humanity. Yet others, probably
the majority, simply continued to go about their business,
convinced that progress would eventually overcome the irritant of
antisemitism, which appeared quite a reasonable view in 1914,
despite everything. For all of antisemitism’s prevalence, it had not
by any means coalesced into the horriﬁc juggernaut it became.

Antisemitism

and bring about the realization of his dreams of exterminating the
Jews can be explained. Recognizing this, however, is only a
beginning, for the ways in which antisemitism did and did not
contribute to this tragic course of events necessitates a much
longer, more complex answer.
To start with, the First World War initially brought an
improvement of the Jewish situation in Central Europe. The need
for national solidarity of all the main combatant states produced
in Germany a ‘civic peace’, in which Emperor William II claimed
to ‘know no parties any more, I know only Germans’, and Jews
were included within this broad deﬁnition of German identity.
Many Russian Jews viewed the German troops who conquered
their area of Russia as liberators. In Austria-Hungary a similar
rallying to the supranational Monarchy occurred, in which ethnic
hostilities, including antisemitism, were, momentarily, suspended.
Jews in both Germany and the Monarchy made crucial
contributions to the war effort, most famously Walther Rathenau’s
organization of Germany’s war economy.
Soon enough, however, as the hopes of quick victory faded, the
war dragged on, and became ever more destructive of resources
and manpower, the initial sentiment of patriotic solidarity gave
way to a more suspicious, divisive, and authoritarian nationalism,
in which old prejudices about Jews as parasitic aliens, a state
within a state, ﬂourished once more. In 1916, the Prussian war
minister instituted a ‘Jew census’ to ascertain whether accusations
by antisemitic politicians of Jewish shirking from war sacriﬁce
were merited, signalling to German Jewry that the hopes for full
acceptance by the Prussian establishment were dashed.
The early territorial losses of the Central Powers on the Eastern
Front also created large migration streams of East European Jews
(Ostjuden) to Germany, Prague, and particularly Galicians to
Vienna. These more traditionalist Jews, less acculturated to
German Central European culture, represented a direct challenge,
76

The leadership in Berlin also attempted to make Jews the direct
scapegoats for defeat. When all was lost in November 1918, Erich
Ludendorff tried to get Albert Ballin, the Jewish shipping magnate
and ardent German patriot, to head the government and thus
make a Jew responsible for accepting defeat. Ballin only avoided
this fate by committing suicide. With no factual basis, the Jews
nevertheless became heavily implicated in the ‘stab in the back
myth’ by which the German Right explained their military failure
after the war. This was partly because inﬂuential Jewish bankers
and industrialists had indeed been pressing for a more moderate,
pragmatic war policy since near the war’s beginning, and hence
were regarded as ‘defeatist’ by the hard Right. Partly too, Jews
77

Concatenations

in their evident difference, to German Jewish claims to complete
assimilation. Antisemites could now point to ‘real’ Jews, and assert
that their Western counterparts were, for all their apparently
civilized manner, just the same under the sophisticated veneer.
Moreover, assimilated Jews were torn between distaste for what
they viewed as their poor, scruffy, uneducated, and unenlightened
co-religionists, and feelings of pity for their plight and solidarity
for their fellow Jews. The presence of the Jewish refugees in the
Central European capitals had the net effect of reminding Jews of
their Jewish roots, but also of encouraging and conﬁrming racial
and cultural antisemitic stereotypes. In April 1918, Prussia banned
Jewish migration, arguing explicitly that the Jewish migrants were
‘work-shy, unclean, morally unreliable . . . to a great extent infested
with lice . . . especially apt carriers and spreaders of typhus and
other infectious diseases.’ Galician refugees in Vienna produced
the same sort of reaction by the Christian Social municipal
administration, which was only prevented from seriously
antisemitic measures, such as a threatened expulsion, by the
Habsburg authorities. The waning days of the Central Powers, as
they faced economic crisis, social catastrophe, military defeat, and
political destruction, saw a return to antisemitic policies and
attitudes that pointed both backwards to pre-emancipation ‘Jew
laws’ and forwards to the Nazis.

Antisemitism

became very prominent on the Left in both German and Austrian
politics. When the Central Powers’ war effort collapsed in late
1918, and revolutions broke out in Germany and in the Habsburg
Monarchy, individuals of Jewish descent (Jews as far as most
Europeans were concerned) were to be found in many leading
positions in those revolutions, as they had been in the Bolshevik
Revolution in November 1917 in Russia. The wave of socialist
or communist revolutions after 1918 subsided after a few
years, except in the Soviet Union, but the list of Jewish
revolutionaries – Eisner, Landauer, Luxemburg, Kun, Lukacs,
Trotsky, and many others – served to conﬁrm antisemitic assertions
about what now became the threat of ‘Judaeo-Bolshevism’.
Moreover, the immediate postwar governments that succeeded the
imperial regimes in Germany and Austria, and of necessity had to
accept the Versailles Peace settlement, had large contingents of the
liberal and moderate socialist Left, and hence many of the leading
political ﬁgures in both Germany and Austria were Jewish. Hugo
Preuss was instrumental in setting up the Weimar Republic, and
Carl Melchior was heavily involved in negotiating the ﬁnancial
terms of the Peace. Rathenau was a central ﬁgure of the
immediate postwar government and in 1922 became Foreign
Minister, with a policy of fulﬁlment (and renegotiation) of
Versailles’ terms. His assassination in 1922 was one of the leading
early ‘triumphs’ of interwar antisemitism. In Austria, the Foreign
Minister at the end of the war was Victor Adler, and his successor
(also as leader of the Austrian Social Democratic Party) Otto
Bauer. It was thus easy, if quite unjustiﬁed, for antisemites to
blame Jews for the surrender to the Western Allies.
The First World War might have ofﬁcially ended on 11 November
1918, but in Central and Eastern Europe war just gave way to a
general, most traumatic political, economic, and social crisis.
Revolution and civil war seemed for a few years ubiquitous and
never-ending, with the Bolshevik leadership of the new Soviet
Union still hoping to spread the ‘permanent revolution’ to the
78

states to its west, and the Western allies trying to destroy the ‘Red
menace’. Hence war between the new Poland and the Soviet Union
went on into 1921, and fear at the spread of Bolshevism added
severity to the suppression of the Spartakist revolution in Berlin,
the Bavarian Soviet Republic in Munich, and the Hungarian
Soviet Republic in Budapest in 1919. At the same time, the severe
economic dislocation caused by the war was only made worse by
the redrawing of borders in the peace settlement. Exacerbated by
the political inﬁghting over the peace, hyperinﬂation seized most
of the Central European economies into the early 1920s, most
famously and surreally in Weimar Germany, destroying much of
the economic base of the bourgeoisie. The combination of radical
insecurity and national humiliation for the losers, and national
jubilation for the small-nation winners, created a most unstable
and potent brew in which antisemitism often accompanied
authoritarian reaction and the assertion of national power.

79

Concatenations

In the Soviet Union itself, Jews initially beneﬁted from the
recognition of the equality of all citizens, but then again Jews as
members of a religious community also became the targets of
Bolshevist atheism. In Poland and Czechoslovakia, Jews were
accused of being allies of the national enemy, and hence became
the targets of pogroms and riots. In Hungary, the ‘White Terror’ of
the forces of Admiral Horthy ushered in a much more hostile
attitude to Jews. In Romania, despite the ofﬁcial emancipation of
1919, the government remained hostile and discriminatory
towards Jews. In Western Europe as well, the apparent link
between Jews and Bolshevism caused otherwise sane politicians,
such as Winston Churchill in 1920, to see Bolshevism as the
product of internationalist Jewish atheists; the cogency of the
antisemitic picture of the Jewish threat behind the wrenching
upheaval was increased when Russian reactionaries, ﬂeeing the
Bolsheviks, brought editions of the Protocols to the West. These
were then translated and published, most notoriously by Henry
Ford’s Dearborn Independent in instalments between 1920 and
1922. In Germany, antisemitic demagogues railed against the

Antisemitism

peace settlement, the economic disaster of inﬂation and the
speculation that accompanied it, as well as the ‘degenerate’
modern culture that had developed as a response to and reﬂection
of the chaotic times, and denounced it all as ‘Jewish’. One such
demagogue, Adolf Hitler, organized a revolt in Munich, the Beer

10. Henry Ford (1863–1947). The great American industrialist was
also one of the most prominent American antisemites. In instalments
in his The Dearborn Independent between 1920 and 1922, Ford
introduced The Protocols of the Elders of Zion to the American public.
80

Hall Putsch of November 1923, to end this ‘Jewish’ oppression of
the Germans, and Winifred Wagner, daughter-in-law of Richard,
marched in his crowd of supporters.

In Czechoslovakia as well, the situation markedly improved after
1920, with the Czech political leadership under Thomas Masaryk
making an effort to rein in the antisemitic tendencies of Czech
nationalism. For the rest of the interwar period, Czechoslovakia
was a model of tolerance and acceptance concerning Jews. In stark
contrast, Hungary, previously the most hospitable land in Central
Europe for Jews, became in 1920 the ﬁrst to impose antisemitic
discriminatory legislation, in the form of a numerus clausus law
restricting the numbers of Jewish students at university. This
abrupt change in approach was partly because of the fact that the
‘liberal’ pre-war political leadership had been replaced by the
reactionary, authoritarian regime of Admiral Horthy, who saw
Jews as untrustworthy and the allies of ‘Jewish’ communism, as
demonstrated by the number of Jews in the communist
81

Concatenations

Yet the 1923 Putsch was a ﬁasco that was quickly put down, and
once economic and political order was restored in Germany and
Austria, the second half of the 1920s was one of the best periods
for German Central European Jews. Both Berlin and Vienna, the
two cities with by far the largest Jewish populations in the region,
were ruled by socialist administrations which ensured Jews equal
rights and opportunities. Jews gained academic positions at a rate
much higher than before the war, and their civic equality appeared
assured by the German and Austrian constitutions. Even if
antisemitic attitudes on the Right and in the bastions of the old
establishment and non-Jewish intelligentsia festered, and
antisemitic incidents in daily life continued, it looked as though
the worst was over, and a tolerable normalcy established. Weimar
Berlin and Red Vienna were highpoints in the Jewish participation
in modern thought and culture, and this was also an era in which
many Jews reasserted a more overt Jewish identity, often in
association with the Jewish nationalist movement of Zionism.

Antisemitism

revolutionary government of 1919. There were also more rational
considerations, however: as Hungary had lost its nationality battle
in 1918–19, losing two-thirds of its territory and almost all its
minority population, there was no longer any need for Jews as
allies in that conﬂict, and educated Jews now stood in the way, or
were ‘unfair’ competition, for the scions of the Magyar gentry who
now required clerical or salaried jobs in the dislocated economy.
The fact that discrimination took place speciﬁcally on entry to the
university speaks to the ‘rational’ aspect of ethnic interest in
Hungarian antisemitism.
In Poland as well, where Jews had never been as integrated as they
had been in Hungary or German Central Europe, the government
continued through the 1920s to discriminate against Jews in state
employment and economic policies, and the Polish universities
instituted an informal numerus clausus when an ofﬁcial one failed
to pass in 1923. Romania was similarly hostile to Jews, especially
those acquired from Hungary in 1918–19. In the new ‘nation
states’ of East Central Europe, with the Czech exception, the logic
of ethno-nationalism meant that Jews, despite being ‘citizens’ on
paper, were regarded as not of the national group, as aliens, and
hence not deserving of beneﬁting from the nation’s common
wealth. At the beginning of 1930, the situation of Jews in
Germany and Austria, by comparison, looked relatively good.
A bare three years later, Hitler’s coming to power dramatically
changed this, as did the Austro-fascist takeover in Austria in the
same year, if to a lesser extent. The reason for this was that the
hoped-for ‘normalcy’ of the mid-1920s proved all too brief,
destroyed by the economic recession that started in Germany in
1927, and then became a slump after the Wall Street Crash in
1929, and a catastrophe after the Central European ﬁnancial
collapse of 1931. The main beneﬁciary of the economic and
political crisis that was unleashed was Hitler and his National
Socialist Party. The party’s radical antisemitism had very little to
do with its devastating electoral and political success in Germany
82

after 1928. Instead, the major cause of Nazi success was the abject
failure of the established political parties in Germany to ﬁnd a
solution to Germany’s economic woes, the impatience of what
remained of the old Prussian military establishment with
constitutional procedures, and the succumbing of the conservative
elite around President Hindenburg to the tempting illusion that
they could exploit Hitler’s popularity to restore a more
authoritarian, conservative, but not radically fascist, settlement on
Weimar Germany.

83

Concatenations

It seems clear that the portion of the German electorate that
voted for the Nazis did so mostly as a desperate reaction to
economic disaster and political inertia, which was in effect a
collapse of modernity itself. In 1928, the Nazis had only 2% of
the national vote; in 1930, 17%; 1932, 37%; reaching a high
point in the election of March 1933 with 44%. (Even with his
hands on the reins of power, Hitler never gained an absolute
majority for his party alone.) It was Hitler’s charismatic promise
that he could, by his will, provide salvation for the country by a
nationalist form of collectivist, ‘socialist’ policies, where
republican, democratic Weimar had failed, that won him and his
party votes. This was combined with an effective party
organization, a sophisticated political aesthetic based on
Wagnerian principles, and a ruthless employment of the culture of
violence learned in the trenches, to produce the strongest
nationalist political organization yet seen in Germany. Even so, it
took the calculating acquiescence of the governing circles to allow
Hitler into power, and, after the seizure of power, the continuing
readiness of the state’s servants to obey the Nazi regime’s ‘legal’
orders destroying the constitution and many measures protective
of basic civic rights, for Hitler to parlay his electoral effectiveness
into actual power. Throughout this period in which Hitler came to
power, when Hitler was attempting to prove his respectability, the
party’s antisemitism was de-emphasized, because it was seen as a
political liability in public opinion. Only after the passage of the
Enabling Act of 23 March 1933, when the Nazis gained total

Antisemitism

power, did they reveal the full scope of their political extremism,
and of their antisemitism.
The roots of that extreme antisemitism, and of the party’s national
socialist ideology, have been traced back to the old Austria, to
Vienna, where Hitler spent a miserable few years as a teenager,
and to German Bohemia, where German nationalist ideologues
attempted to attract the lower classes with a concept of nationally
based social welfare and policy. Hitler moved to Munich in 1913
and joined the German Army during the war, in which he was
severely wounded and traumatized. Back in Munich after the war,
he became a street orator, spewing the sort of extreme nationalist
and racial antisemitic rhetoric that had already interested him in
Vienna. By 1923, he was leader of the German National Socialists
in Munich and staged the abortive Beer Hall Putsch. Given a
lenient sentence typical for right-wing radicals under the
conservative court system, Hitler wrote Mein Kampf in
Landsberg prison, making clear his extreme antisemitism, and
became the darling of the radical Right. Once out of prison, he
resumed leadership of the party and led its reorganization. Yet it
was only with the crisis of the late 1920s that he became a serious
ﬁgure in German politics, and only in 1933, with the seizure of
power, that the full implications of his National Socialist agenda
became evident.

84

11. ‘The Eternal Jew’, Nazi poster (1937). Jewish world conspiracy:
‘The Jew’ has money in one hand, a whip (power) in the other, and the
Soviet Union in his pocket.

Chapter 7
Consequences

Once in power, Hitler and the Nazi leadership quickly dismantled
all political institutions in Germany apart from their own, and
clamped down hard on any opposition. They also tried to
implement their antisemitic policies, instituting an economic
boycott on 1 April 1933, but this initial foray was a failure and was
called off after a day. Indeed, in the initial phase of Nazi rule,
Jewish life in Germany was not impossible, because of Nazi
wariness about international and domestic public opinion, and the
piecemeal nature of their anti-Jewish policy. Even when racism
was institutionalized with the Nuremberg laws of 1935, there was
little physical violence against Jews and many German Jews
assumed that the regime would become more moderate with time,
an assumption which the easing of persecution during the Berlin
Olympics encouraged. Hitler was also careful to rein in his worst
antisemitic rhetoric in public speeches. Meanwhile, discriminatory
legislation and policy against Jews, including the ‘Aryanization’
(legalized theft) of Jewish property, gradually increased, leading to
ever greater segregation of Jews from other Germans.
The ﬁrst major mass violence aimed at Jews in German Central
Europe only occurred in March 1938, not in Germany but in newly
‘annexed’ Austria, and it was not orchestrated by the German Nazi
regime but rather was spontaneous. Austria, especially Vienna,
86

home of Lueger’s Christian Socials, had a tradition of being an
especially strong centre of antisemitism. During the era of socialist
control of Vienna, the capital city was seen as a haven for Jews, but
the rise of the ‘Austro-fascist’ regime of Engelbert Dollfuss and
Kurt Schuschnigg in the 1930s saw a return of antisemitic
discrimination by the state, at least informally. At the same time,
Austro-fascism was aimed at preserving a conservative Catholic
hegemony in Austria against both socialists and Nazis. When
Hitler called the international community’s bluff in March 1938
and invaded Austria, the resulting Anschluss (union) was greeted
with much joy by a large proportion of the Austrian populace, and
many seized the opportunity of attacking and humiliating, and
also robbing, Jews as part of the celebration of ‘national unity’.

Many Germans might not have approved of the severe antisemitic
policies pursued by the Nazis, but their disquiet never rose to the

87

Consequences

The violence against Jews in Vienna in March was a precedent
for the more widespread violence against Jews throughout
the Third Reich (and also in Vienna) of 9–10 November
1938, Reichskristallnacht, which saw many shops and synagogues
burned and many Jews attacked and even killed. In Germany,
it appears that Nazi antisemitic policies were not particularly
popular, and had to be carefully calibrated in the early years to
match public acceptance. The Nazi authorities were quite sensitive
to public opinion, and responded to public disquiet over Nazi policy
towards the Catholic Church, for instance, by moderating policy.
Similarly, after the initial failure of the economic boycott in April
1933, Nazi policy on Jews was ratcheted up gradually with one
eye to public reactions. The fact that the authorities nevertheless
continued increasing the level of persecution of Jews indicates
both the centrality of antisemitism to Nazi ideology, but also
the relative apathy with which non-Jewish Germans regarded the
fate of their Jewish fellow citizens. There was simply not the same
degree of outrage and resistance that there was on other issues.

Antisemitism

level that would overcome their fear of Nazi retaliation and
obedience to the dictates of the state-sanctioned regime, even if it
was in the hands of radical, racist extremists. Jews, after all, were
still seen as different, not ‘one of us’, and associated with the failed
modernity of Weimar. If many of Germany’s foremost intellectuals
and artists were prepared to tolerate Nazi policy, also towards the
Jews, and if eminent philosophers such as Martin Heidegger could
see in Nazism a new, vital combination of thought and action that
superseded the old, mechanistic ideas of democracy and
individual civic rights, then why should ordinary Germans
question the new regime, when it did not immediately affect them
or their dearest values? For most of Germany, it was not active
antisemitism on the part of the populace that was behind Nazi
persecution of Jews, but rather a lack of sufﬁcient resistance to
that persecution: Nazi antisemitic policies proceeded by default.
What Arendt called the ‘banality of evil’ of the death camps was
preceded and enabled by the ‘evil of banality’ of most Germans’
apathy towards the fate of German Jews.
The experience in Vienna appears to have been different. Here, in
1938, the city with by far the largest Jewish population in the
Third Reich, there was a strong antisemitic undercurrent among a
large part of the populace. Even in 1938, despite the
discriminatory policies of Austro-fascism, Jews still owned many
properties, ran many businesses, and were in many academic and
professional positions. All of this, from a perspective of
instrumentally rational antisemitism, might be transferred to
deserving (covetous) non-Jews. Local Nazis took the initiative on
Jewish policy, presaging and inﬂuencing, it has been argued, the
policies at the centre that would lead to the Final Solution. The
central issue, after the spate of ‘wild Aryanization’ that
accompanied the events of March 1938, was Vienna’s chronic
housing crisis. In Germany proper, Jews up until 1938 had largely
been left their housing; in Vienna, Jews occupied 60,000 housing
units, and soon after March local pressure built to solve the
housing shortage by evicting Jews from their apartments,
88

concentrating them in fewer and less desirable units. Then a
further step was proposed to free up more space: building a
concentration camp for Jews outside the city. Before this could be
built, circumstances changed and another solution was proposed
and implemented: shipping Jews to occupied Poland. In its own
terms, this ethnic form of social policy was quite sensible, even if it
was morally heinous.

12. Jews scrubbing the street in Vienna, March 1938
89

Consequences

Nazi policy towards the Jewish Problem had a very pragmatic side.
Given their antisemitic contention that Jews were not German
and therefore should not be part of German society, but
recognizing the limits on their actions set by domestic and
international standards, the initial Nazi policy was to encourage
Jews to leave Germany, and to facilitate this both by rank
intimidation and persecution at home, and improving emigrants’
prospects abroad. Hence the Nazi regime made a ‘devil’s pact’ with
Zionists in the Ha’avara Agreement which allowed German Jews

Antisemitism

to realize at least part of their assets when emigrating in return for
the purchase of German export goods in Palestine. Adolf
Eichmann’s job in Vienna after March 1938 was devoted to forcing
Jews to emigrate, while ﬂeecing them of as much of their property
as possible. Had the Evian Conference of July 1938 been more
successful in opening up Western immigration quotas for German
Jews, the likelihood is that the Nazis would have happily
permitted Jews to leave. One of the reasons, however, why Evian
failed was that Western governments were concerned that the
antisemitic governments that ruled in much of Eastern Europe,
including Poland, Hungary, and Romania, would want to take this
opportunity to force their (much larger) Jewish populations out as
well. Part of the Jewish tragedy in the 1930s was that almost all
countries, even those in the West, were so pressed by social and
economic distress that principles of equality and human rights
were sidelined when it came to Central and Eastern European
Jews – for they were regarded as ‘foreign’ not only in the lands of
their potential emigration, but also in their own countries.
When war was declared in 1939, and Germany conquered Poland
in short order, Nazi policy changed again. Germany now had a
hugely greater number of Jews to deal with, and much more space,
away from domestic and international attention, in which to
operate. Much of the Polish populace was positively antisemitic,
and much of the rest was largely indifferent to the fate of the Jews,
whom they did not regard, generally, as part of the Polish nation.
Nazi authorities, perhaps inspired by Viennese precedent, could
therefore start realizing a much more brutally antisemitic policy of
ghettoization of Polish Jews, and transport of Jews from Germany
and other occupied countries to the Polish ghettoes. By the
summer of 1941, with the heady success of the Third Reich’s
armies on all sides (except for Britain), it appeared that Hitler
could realize his dearest dream and conquer Soviet Russia. As part
of that campaign, he would also want to eradicate not only
communists, but what he viewed as the allies of Bolshevism,
Russian Jewry. SS ‘task force’ units (Einsatzgruppen), which
90

accompanied the German forces in the invasion of Russia in 1941,
soon set about the mass killing of Jewish communities. Hence,
long before the Wannsee Conference of 20 January 1942, the
eradication of the Jewish ‘enemy’ was a prime aim of Hitler’s
policy. Wannsee merely reiterated this for the rest of the Nazi
bureaucracy, and sought more effective means, using industrial
methods and new technologies, to realize the ‘Final Solution’ to
the ‘Jewish Problem’, in other words the extermination of
European Jewry.

Central to any explanation for the Holocaust should, on the
intentionalist side, be the ideological motivation of the extreme
racial antisemitism that Hitler and the Nazi leadership shared.
They appear to have believed that they were at war with ‘the Jews’,
who – as a race of parasitical sub-humans – were behind the
communist threat as well as the resistance by the Western
democracies, and therefore had to be eradicated entirely to protect
the Aryan race, especially the Teutonic Germans. They also had a
Utopian vision, tinged with a perverted form of modern
progressivism, that eliminating the Jews would eugenically allow
for a racially healthy European populace, better suited to the
technologically advanced society and economy of the ‘New Order’.
Given the hierarchical power structures by which the Nazis, with
their Führerprinzip, operated, it needed only relatively few at the
91

Consequences

The shift from persecution and expulsion to industrially organized
genocide marked a dramatic escalation of policy, but not a change
in the direction in which policy had been heading. The
historiography of the Holocaust has been marked for many years
by a dispute between ‘intentionalists’, who emphasize the role of
conscious decisions by individuals, above all Hitler, in the
genocide, and ‘functionalists’, who stress the role of accident,
instrumental rationality, and bureaucratic decision making in
bringing it about. This controversy has produced good points on
both sides. The best option appears to me a combination of both
views, but with an intentionalist bias.

Antisemitism

top, above all Hitler, to believe in this paranoid vision, and to be
willing to act on it, for it to result in mass genocide.
Another vital enabling factor, however, was the more functionalist
role of self-interested instrumental rationality, or opportunism.
The Holocaust and antisemitism’s success cannot be understood
without a grasp of what Alexander Herzen once called ‘rational
evil’. Many might not have been convinced by the ideology, but
enough were quite prepared to go along with the plan, because this
offered them good jobs, rapid promotion, excellent business
opportunities, the chance to acquire (Jewish) property cheaply,
and, in the case of right-wing politicians in other countries, the
chance to vanquish domestic rivals by riding German coat-tails.
The cumulative effect of this was so powerful as to appear
inexorable. For many individuals faced with an order linked to
genocide, the choice was between compliance and death; and even
if non-compliance only meant an end to one’s career or livelihood,
self-interest could overcome moral doubts by the argument that
the order would be carried out in any case by the next man, so why
suffer personally for no effect?
It is quite difﬁcult to distinguish between the ideological and the
practical motivation for participating in the Holocaust. A striking
statistic about the Nazi genocide has been that produced by Simon
Wiesenthal, who claimed that (former) Austrians in positions in
the death machine were responsible for roughly half of the
approximately six million Jews murdered between 1939 and 1945.
This is extraordinary given that Austrians were only a tenth of the
population of the Third Reich in 1939. Yet the ﬁgure becomes
explicable when two factors are combined: ﬁrst, the relative
strength of antisemitism, also extreme racial antisemitism, in
Vienna and Austria between the wars created a larger pool of
those willing to contemplate such action; second, the fact that
local Nazis were displaced by Germans from leading positions in
the local hierarchy after 1938, and hence were forced to accept
more marginal and less comfortable positions within the party
92

structure: in order to succeed, they therefore opted for the
undesirable but potentially career-enhancing postings in the
concentration camps and associated institutions.

The Holocaust also beneﬁted from the use of many modern
elements: bureaucratic efﬁciency, rational organization,
anonymity, economic incentivization, and the employment of
various technological innovations. Zygmunt Bauman and others
are quite right to stress the way in which the Nazis used modernity
to effect their ends, and even used such modern concepts as public
hygiene, uniformity, and utility to justify their actions. They clearly
relied on the power of social conformism, and a transfer of loyalty
to the national collective (a modern concept), to overcome
traditional limits on human action, such as the prohibition against
93

Consequences

Similar ambivalence marks the question of how the Holocaust was
allowed to occur, when a decade before it would have struck most
Germans as unimaginable. A partial explanation, championed by
Daniel Jonah Goldhagen, would be that the sophisticated
propaganda efforts of the Nazis, led by Joseph Goebbels, had
succeeded in indoctrinating the German populace in the idea of a
Jewish world conspiracy, which threatened the very existence of
the Teutonic race, and which, in a time of war, justiﬁed taking
extreme measures, such as ‘transporting’ Jews to the East.
Evidence suggesting most Germans knew, or strongly suspected,
that this meant sending Jews to their deaths strengthens the case
of successful indoctrination, and makes highly problematic
postwar claims by Germans that ‘we did not know’. On the other
hand, the explanation from apathy, posited by Ian Kershaw and
outlined above, also could explain such lack of resistance:
indoctrination could well have failed, and yet any moral doubts
about Nazi policy towards the Jews might simply not have been
strong enough to counter the power, as described by Christopher
Browning, of social conformism, deference to authority, and the
instinct of self-preservation, brought on by fear of the
consequences of resistance, when a war was on.

Antisemitism

murdering unarmed civilians in cold blood. Moreover, the
German, Nietzschean critique of modernity that had preceded the
Nazi takeover had already put into question such quaint concepts
as individual human rights, and the sanctity of human life, as
outmoded relics of an age when a ‘slave-religion’ – Christianity,
heir of Judaism – had perverted modern ethics. The murder of
Jews in an industrial process thus could be seen as part of a
breaking of false, traditional taboos in the pursuit of a higher form
of Germanic modernity that dispensed with the superﬁcial
restrictions of mere Western civilization in search of what Thomas
Mann had once called true ‘culture’. The fact that Jews had come
to represent in the ideology of the radical Right precisely this
superﬁcial, rationalistic, democratic, cosmopolitan civilization,
and were seen as foreign to the national community, only aided
this sense that their destruction was warranted by this new,
National Socialist version of modernity.
The responses of other European countries to Nazi pressure to
hand over their Jews for extermination puts this complex causal
relationship between ideological conviction and pragmatic
opportunism, traditional authority and modernity, into some
perspective. Some societies, such as the Danes, on the border of
the Nazi empire, were willing and able, as a nation, to rescue their
Jewish citizens from the Nazis. Other states, even though under
fascist or authoritarian regimes, also resisted surrendering their
Jews to the Nazis. In the case of the Italian army, there was a
secret agreement not to hand over any Jews to the Nazis, a policy
of procrastinating non-compliance that succeeded until the
Germans’ takeover in 1943. In France, the Vichy government was
quite prepared to hand over ‘foreign’ Jews, in other words émigrés,
but resisted handing over Jewish French citizens. Franco’s Spain
also resisted collaborating with Hitler on this issue. In Hungary,
the reactionary Horthy government resisted handing over any
Hungarian Jews, and even when it was replaced by a fascist
regime more in line with Nazi thinking, the Jews who were sent to
the Nazi death camps were ﬁrst of all the more traditionalist Jews
94

of eastern Hungary and the countryside, and only then the Jews
from Budapest, who had been the 19th-century allies of the
Magyars. And even then, a very large number of Budapestian Jews
survived the war, hidden by friends and sympathizers, who viewed
these individuals as ‘one of us’ and not ‘them’. In Poland, on the
other hand, where the national intelligentsia was in any case
destroyed by both Germans and Soviets, Jews had never been fully
integrated into the nation and had always been regarded as
separate, apart, and so the Polish populace saw little reason to
identify with their fellow Jewish Polish citizens, let alone the
masses of actually foreign Jews whom the Germans brought in to
exploit and then murder.

The Holocaust, in this perspective, was the result of a particular
German type of modernity, which had its echoes in other
European countries, but which was also partially resisted by the
regimes in those other countries, because they had different views
on the relationship of Jews to their state or nation. These other
states as well regarded Jews ambivalently, and were quite
prepared to sacriﬁce the human rights of foreign Jews for the sake
of better relations with the German overlord, but they viewed Jews
whom they regarded as citizens of their state, or allies of their
nation, differently – because they did not share that Nazi version
of modernity, in which all Jews were enemies, not just the ‘foreign’
ones. Partly they did this, as reactionary authoritarian regimes,
out of regard to traditional values, but also because their version of
modernity did not embrace this drastic rejection of what might be
termed the ‘pathos of humanity’, but preserved it, often within a
Christian form.
95

Consequences

None of this excuses those who committed this evil, enabled it, or
did nothing to stop it; understanding the rational aspects of the
choices made only makes the immorality of those choices clearer,
especially in the light of those communities and those individuals
who did stand up for the values of compassion and human
decency.

Antisemitism

If this was so for the countries allied with Nazi Germany, it was
much more the case with the Western Allies. The policies of the
Western Allies have been rightly criticized for not doing enough to
rescue more Jews and for not doing enough to stop the death
machine by, for instance, bombing rail lines to Auschwitz. It is
further the case that the potential for mass discrimination, mass
imprisonment and persecution, and unjustiﬁed mass killing of
civilians is also latent within the American and British versions of
modernity, as episodes during the Second World War with
Japanese Americans and many subsequent episodes such as My
Lai attest. Yet the version of modernity that resulted in the
Holocaust came out of a culture and a society in which a version of
modernity that offered an alternative to Western liberal
democratic, capitalist modernity had long been championed, and
in which antisemitism, an ideological perversion that requires
holistic, collectivist, and corporatist thought to be cogent, could
ﬂourish. It is that holistic, German Central European modernity,
and not the liberal modernity of the West, that gave rise to the
Holocaust.

96

13. Auschwitz: toothbrushes

Chapter 8
After Auschwitz

More than 60 years have passed since the cataclysmic
consequence of antisemitism in the Holocaust. The time span
between the beginnings of political antisemitism around 1880 and
the Wannsee Conference of 1942 is now almost exactly the same as
that between the Holocaust’s end in 1945 and today. Over this long
period, the relative strength and signiﬁcance of antisemitism, and
its place in the world, have radically changed. In the
pre-Holocaust world, antisemitism might have been rejected by
most in the liberal West as an irrational ideology, but in much of
Europe it had informed government policy, and it appeared to be
supported both by the modern, rational drive to create functioning
national societies based on ethnicity, and on ‘scientiﬁc’ racial
theories that were seen as harnessing the achievements of medical
and biological science for the betterment and health of the human
race, an attitude summed up in the phrase ‘racial hygiene’. In the
post-Holocaust world, antisemitism has come to be completely
discredited, a ‘chimeric’ system of beliefs based on paranoia and
illusion, and its ‘scientiﬁc’ support in racial theory has similarly
been exposed as a fraud. Yet this transformation took time, and is
not yet complete.
The change in attitudes did not happen overnight.
Retrospectively, we might think that the horror of the Holocaust
caused such revulsion at the consequences of the prejudice and
98

racism that had brought it about, that it completely bankrupted
the cause of antisemitism, ushering in an era of pluralism and
tolerance that is still with us. Yet the historical record tells
another story. In the immediate aftermath of the war, the major
theme was confusion, and even when the concentration camps
and death camps were captured and the scenes of horror
broadcast to the world, the extent of the mass murder was not
immediately evident, or for many even comprehensible, nor was it
to be clear for quite some time that this was primarily a Jewish
disaster, with its roots in antisemitism, rather than a general
human tragedy based on man’s inhumanity to man. The Holocaust
was in actuality both, but for a long time the overwhelming part of
it comprised by the attempted Nazi eradication of European Jewry
was downplayed in many circles in favour of its more universalist
aspect.

99

After Auschwitz

In some respects, the war’s aftermath initially saw little change in
previous attitudes. In Poland, Jewish survivors and returning
refugees were often given a hostile reception by non-Jewish Poles
concerned at Jews being given ‘favoured treatment’ by the Soviet
‘liberators’, and there was a series of pogroms, the most infamous
being that in Kielce in 1946. In Britain, there was also a level of
anti-Jewish sentiment that is difﬁcult to imagine in hindsight. The
problems being caused for Britain by the Jews in Palestine led to
hostility towards Jews from many in the ofﬁcialdom, and on a
popular level there were also anti-Jewish riots in several British
towns in the autumn of 1947. The Foreign Secretary, Ernest Bevin,
displayed the uncomprehending mixture of national particularism
and liberal universalism common in Britain at the time. He
thought it preferable that surviving Polish Jews be reintegrated at
‘home’ in Poland rather than be allowed to immigrate to Britain.
In his opinion, they would not be good material for assimilation to
the norm of British society, which was his ‘liberal universalist’ goal
for foreigners and minorities. Whereas many Holocaust survivors
were allowed to immigrate to the United States, very few settled in
Britain.

Antisemitism

The major powers which responded most positively to the Jewish
predicament after the Holocaust were the United States and the
Soviet Union. American pluralist politics meant that, even though
there was also a large degree of xenophobic and antisemitic
sentiment in many quarters in American society, there was also a
very inﬂuential body of support for policies to help Holocaust
survivors and to respond to the Holocaust as a Jewish disaster.
The policies of the Soviet Union were also, from 1945 to 1948,
before the Cold War truly set in, relatively responsive to Jewish
concerns, especially as regards Jewish attempts to establish a
Jewish state in Palestine, which it saw as a future bulwark against
Western imperialism. It was largely from this combination of
American and Soviet policies and interests that 1948 saw three
major international achievements that were, at least in part,
answers to the Holocaust and the Jewish crisis it had so hideously
underlined: the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of
the Crime of Genocide; the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights; and the recognition of the newly established state of Israel
(with Soviet de jure recognition long before American, and
admission to the United Nations on 11 May 1949).
These agreements, in the long term, set the stage for a radical
change in the relationship between Jews and antisemitism, yet it
still took many decades for that change to develop. Indeed, the
comity of superpower interests that enabled the 1948 agreements
soon dissolved in the onset of the Cold War. In the Soviet Bloc, the
relatively pro-Jewish stance taken until then experienced drastic
transformation into its virtual opposite: an anti-Zionism that
served as a thin disguise for renewed antisemitism based on a
form of ideologically transmuted nationalism. Partly this was due
to Stalin’s disappointment that socialist-dominated Israel did not
take the Soviet side in the Cold War but remained neutral; partly
as well, it arose from alarm at the re-emergence of a strong sense
of Jewish identity among Soviet Jews, as a reaction to the
Holocaust and as a response to the triumphant establishment of
the state of Israel. Then again, it is also partly explained by the
100

self-interest of communist apparatchiks in the Soviet Union
and its various satellites. They could use the Jewish origins of
many of their better-positioned comrades to exploit nationalist
xenophobic and antisemitic prejudice to accuse these ‘bourgeois
cosmopolitans’ and ‘Zionist agents’ of treason, leading to their
removal by execution, and the freeing up of plum positions in the
communist apparatus for the supposedly more loyal and patriotic,
non-Jewish party members. In the case of the show trial in 1951–2
of Rudolf Slánský and his supposed co-conspirators, ten out of
thirteen being of Jewish origin, Klement Gottwald could also
prove his loyalty to Stalin by sacriﬁcing Slánský. The ‘discovery’ of
the Doctors’ Plot in January 1953 in the Soviet Union, supposedly
hatched by ‘corrupt Jewish bourgeois nationalists’, almost led to
major persecution of Jews, only precluded by Stalin’s death.

In the non-communist West as well, the general mindset that had
tolerated and often encouraged antisemitic attitudes, and also
policies, was not so easily shifted. The Second World War was not,
for the most part, seen as a triumph of universal human rights
over racism, let alone antisemitism, but rather in nationalist
101

After Auschwitz

The post-Stalin years saw better conditions for Jews in the Soviet
Bloc and improved relations with Israel, but after the events of
1967 the Soviet Union increasingly followed an anti-Zionist line
abroad and an anti-Jewish policy at home, persecuting and
discriminating against those Jewish citizens who insisted on
retaining their Jewish identity and religion, and hence their
difference. Then again, it was virtually impossible for Soviet Jews
to cease being ‘Jewish’. What had originally appeared as a
progressive measure of revolutionary Bolshevism after 1917, the
recognition of (equal) nationalities under the Soviet umbrella, had
included Jews as one of the nationalities. This meant that,
believing or not, committed to a Jewish identity or not, an
individual of Jewish ‘nationality’ was a Jew as far as the Soviet
state was concerned, and could do nothing to change it, or escape
the discrimination that came with this status.

Antisemitism

terms, as the victory of the Allied nations against the Axis Powers,
primarily the Germans and Japanese. Each country saw the war in
its own terms, of humiliating defeat in many cases, heroic national
resistance in some, and liberation in most. The British saw the war
as their ‘ﬁnest hour’ in which they had ‘stood alone’ against Nazi
tyranny, and 1945 was viewed as a national vindication. The other
European ‘victors’, especially the Soviet Union, also saw the war in
this nationalist perspective. The idea that the greatest war crime
committed in the war had been against an international ethnic
group, the Jews, did not ﬁt into this schema. Even when the war
was seen in ideological terms, it was either seen as the triumph of
‘freedom’ against Nazi totalitarianism, or of ‘socialism’ against
capitalistic fascism, and, again, the particularist, ethnic dimension
of the Jewish disaster was secondary to this at best.
Part of the reason for the initial Western inability fully to recognize
the racist aspect to the Holocaust was that racial thinking was still
an integral and accepted part of the Western political universe.
The US Army that had contributed so centrally to defeating
Nazism was itself still segregated along racial lines in 1945, and it
was only in 1948 that Harry S. Truman, against stiff resistance,
ordered desegregation in the American armed forces. Britain,
France, and other European powers such as the Netherlands and
Portugal still held in 1945 extensive overseas empires whose
underlying justiﬁcation was the supposed superiority of the white
race over the ‘lesser’ races, and the right and duty (‘white man’s
burden’) that followed to civilize the natives – the ‘mission
civilisatrice’. Although the American administrations of Roosevelt
and Truman both contributed greatly to speeding the dissolution
of these colonial empires, other branches of American thinking
were shot through with racist assumptions about white, ‘Aryan’
superiority – at home and abroad. This racial thinking did not
always work to the detriment of Jews; in an ironic repetition of the
dynamic of ‘negative integration’, in South Africa and the United
States Jews ‘made the cut’ as ‘whites’, hence they probably
beneﬁted as being members of ‘us’ rather than ‘them’.
102

Nevertheless, the persistence of this racial mindset still allowed
antisemitic theories to appear rational, and the idea of
determining policy by biology legitimate, to the long-term
endangerment of the Jews’ position within Western society.

Yet West Germany, under the leadership of Konrad Adenauer, did
accept responsibility for what the Nazi state had perpetrated, and
set out to compensate Nazism’s Jewish victims accordingly. It also,
under the guidance of the Western occupation forces, especially
the Americans, instituted programmes to re-educate the German
populace about antisemitism and its horriﬁc consequences.
Germans therefore had a head start on the major change in
attitudes towards Jews and antisemitism that occurred after 1948.
In Germany, this was largely due to direct re-education, but
in other countries the improvement of the Jewish position within
Western society was as much caused by more general factors
that had only an indirect relation to the ‘lessons’ of the Holocaust.
103

After Auschwitz

The onset of the Cold War also had negative consequences for
Jews in the West. McCarthyism in America led to a resurgence of
the charge against Jews of political radicalism, which was a
skewed reﬂection of the reality that American Jews were generally
to be found on the political Left, and that many Jewish
individuals, especially many émigrés, were prominent in the
liberal and left-wing intelligentsia. The Cold War also diverted the
attention of the Western powers from the prosecution of Nazi war
criminals, and hence relieved pressure on such countries as
Austria, where antisemitism had been especially strong, and
remained so well into the 1950s, from dealing fully with their
citizens’ responsibility for the Holocaust. As a counterpart, the
creation of East Germany led to a situation where only one
western ‘half ’ of Germany acknowledged responsibility for the
genocide committed against the Jews, while the communist ‘half ’
cast itself in the role of the heir to the ﬁghters against fascism, and
hence as a victim not a perpetrator.

Antisemitism

One such factor was the collapse of European imperialism in
the postwar era, which burst the balloon of theories of white, and
hence ‘Aryan’, supremacy. An even more signiﬁcant factor must
be the discrediting of racial thinking generally. Although at ﬁrst
sight there appears to be no direct link to Jews and antisemitism,
the struggle for civil rights by African-Americans in the postwar
era, into the 1960s, gave a strong impulse to changing American
society’s approach to racial and ethnic divisions generally, and both
fed into and beneﬁted from the development of the pluralist model
that came to dominate not only the American political scene,
but also that of Western Europe. It is no coincidence that many
of the most prominent ‘white’ ﬁgures in the American civil rights
movement were Jewish, nor was it mere coincidence that many
of the most prominent intellectual progenitors and champions
of the prevailing ideology of liberal pluralism were also Jewish,
many of them émigrés, for there was an obvious community of
interest for blacks and Jews to discredit racism and antisemitism.
By so doing, they mutually provided themselves an accepted
place within the American political universe. Tearing down
barriers for one also meant tearing down barriers for the other.
Liberalization and openness to a more pluralist approach also
worked against antisemitism, and for Jewish interests, in the
world of religion. The Second Vatican Council of 1962–5 was
primarily about modernization of the Catholic Church, but it also
produced a major re-evaluation of Christian-Jewish relations,
chapter four of the conciliar declaration Nostra aetate. Crucially,
as it were, this chapter relieved Jewry of the traditional Christian
accusation of being ‘Christ killers’, and sought to see the Jewish
religion positively, rejecting old Catholic theology about the New
Covenant displacing the Old, and instead seeing the covenant
between God and the Jews as still valid, and the Jewish tradition a
vital element of Christianity. This, and subsequent, close
negotiation and discussion between the Catholic Church
hierarchy and Jewish leaders, as well as with other Christian
denominations, has produced a revolutionary change in
104

Christian-Jewish relations, at least on a theological and
denominational level.
The political and economic recasting of Western Europe after 1945
also, eventually, had a profound impact on the place of Jews in
society, and has resulted in the almost complete marginalization of
antisemitism. The process of Europeanization that has resulted in
today’s European Union began with the explicit mission to make
Europe’s nation states, particularly France and Germany, so
inter-dependent economically that nationalist wars, such as had
plagued the continent for a century or more, would no longer be
possible. This process both ushered in a period of remarkable
economic growth and complicated European national identities
and loyalties in a way that has redounded very much to the favour
of European Jews, and made antisemitism an insigniﬁcant,
discredited force in European political and social life.

105

After Auschwitz

Prosperity has made the politics of envy that lay behind much of
the popularity of antisemitism in the late 19th century and again
in the interwar years largely redundant, much as it has also
undercut the vehemence behind the class conﬂicts between
‘capitalist’ and ‘worker’. The diversiﬁcation of loyalty and identity
that has resulted from the opening up of the nation state’s
monopoly both at the top – with multilateralist decision making
on a European level – and at the bottom – with decentralization
and devolution of power to localities, regions, and autonomous
provinces – has also encouraged a more open, inclusive approach
to minorities and ‘others’ generally, Jews very much included. The
situation in Europe regarding Jews and antisemitism is far from
being perfect, especially in the former ‘Eastern European’
countries freed from Soviet hegemony in 1989, and the point
should be made that one reason for the relative acceptance of Jews
in Europe today is that there are so few of them, due to the
Holocaust. Yet it is also true that the Jewish situation in Europe
represents a vast improvement, generally speaking, on the
situation in the 1950s, let alone that of the 1930s. The success of

Antisemitism

pluralism, and in recent years of postmodern multicultural
approaches, means that Jews in Europe, as in North America, can
increasingly claim a deﬁnite, ‘different’ Jewish identity and yet still
be viewed as full members of whichever political community they
live in. Even in historically ‘liberal’ countries such as the United
States, Britain, and France, such an assertion of Jewish identity
within the national community would have been far less socially
acceptable, or approved, or even possible, 50 years ago. The
postmodern, pluralist notion of ‘diversity within unity’ that
dominates Western political thinking has been an especial boon
for Diaspora Jewry.
Antisemitism, as antisemitism, has, in contrast, been completely
discredited in respectable Western public opinion. Partly this is
due to the radical change in attitudes towards racism and
ethno-nationalism generally, but the memory of the Holocaust
has, over the long term, come to be a very effective inhibitor of
antisemitic demagoguery. Since the 1970s, the Jewish dimension
of the Holocaust was made more evident to the Western public in
a wave of ﬁlms and television programmes, and remembrance of
the Holocaust became not only a German and Israeli
phenomenon, but also a part of American culture, as embodied in
the Holocaust Museum (funded 1980, opened 1993). This
memorialization and integration into national memory has spread
around the (Western) world. The Holocaust and the horriﬁc
consequences of antisemitism are, ironically, more central to
Western consciousness today than they were in 1960, or even
1945. In this way, accusing ‘the Jews’ has come to be immediately
associated in the public’s mind with images of mass murder and
human depravity, so as to make such attacks far more dangerous
to the accuser than the accused.
One sign of the effectiveness of the Holocaust as an obstacle to
antisemitism is that one of the main forms of ‘antisemitic’
expression still available in the public sphere, but strongly
contested by Jewish defence organizations such as the
106

Anti-Defamation League, is Holocaust-denial. The idea that
antisemitism, if left unchecked, leads to the horrors of genocide as
evidenced in the Holocaust has become so established in Western
opinion that only by denying that the Holocaust ever took place
can antisemites even begin to lay out their accusations against
Jews. This is second- or even third-stage antisemitism, for it refers
to claims about past actions against Jews, rather than making any
direct accusations against current Jews (except in as much as
there is the suspicion among many deniers that Jews have
invented the historical record to subjugate guilty non-Jews to their
will). Even this rather remote form of antisemitism has been set
very much on the defensive, and in David Irving’s case, routed in
court, as the historical evidence of the crimes of the Nazis and
their collaborators against the Jews has been proved beyond a
reasonable doubt.

Eastern Europe, or rather the parts of Central and Eastern Europe
formerly on the other side of the Iron Curtain, has since the
liberation of 1989 seen a re-emergence of forms of political
antisemitism that hearken back to the interwar era, promoting a
poisonous mix of integral nationalism laced with conservative
authoritarianism and religious bigotry. The probability that such
107

After Auschwitz

Politicians on the radical Right, such as Jean-Marie le Pen, who
has minimized the importance of the Holocaust, and Jorg Haider,
who has talked of members of the Waffen-SS as ‘decent people’,
have more recently been at pains to assure the public that they are
not antisemitic. This is probably because even on the far right end
of the political spectrum, it has become clear that antisemitic
posturing brings little or no political gain, and is more trouble
than it is worth. In any case, talking up the threat of Muslim
immigrants is far more effective, and just as easy to integrate into
nationalist, radical right-wing ideology. Right-wing politicians can
even pretend to be supporters and defenders of Europe’s Jewish
communities against attacks by Islamist terrorists and their
alleged supporters among Islamic immigrants and asylum seekers.

Antisemitism

attitudes – amounting to an antisemitism without Jews in much of
the region (if not in Hungary) – might emerge from the political
deep freeze of the communist era was already made starkly clear
by Claude Lanzmann’s epic ﬁlm Shoah from 1985, and indeed they
have. The initial success of democratization and liberalization in
the former Soviet Bloc countries raised hopes that such views
would fade away with more prosperous times and the process of
joining the European Union, and for a long while they did appear
to wane. In Poland, in particular, there was substantial progress in
facing up to the horrors of the past, and even the development of a
slightly strange philosemitism, seen for instance in the revival of
klezmer music. Pope John Paul II, for all his doctrinal
conservatism, did much to improve Catholic-Jewish relations, and
some of this was felt back in his homeland.
Hopes for such a positive transformation have recently received
setbacks, given events in Poland and Hungary especially. The
readiness of apparently respectable politicians to play the card of
xenophobia and lightly disguised Jew-hatred is deeply
unfortunate. Yet these developments need to be kept in
perspective: blatant political antisemitism remains a fringe
phenomenon, and the anti-Jewish attitudes on display are largely
a recrudescence of interwar attitudes, modiﬁed by experiences of
the communist era. There are strong trends going the other way as
well. The membership of many of these countries in the European
Union sets distinct limits, formal and informal, to such
reactionary politics, and the ongoing ‘Europeanization’ of the
region will, in all likelihood, quiet these old ghosts.
New forms of antisemitism have emerged since 1945, but they
differ in major respects from the forms of antisemitism that led to
the Holocaust. One particularly tragic form of antisemitism has
been the African-American antisemitism that emerged in the
wake of the civil rights movement. Having made impressive,
mutually beneﬁcial gains in achieving racial equality and a more
inclusive, pluralistic understanding of American identity, the
108

One of the stranger forms of antisemitism that has emerged in
recent years has been that in East Asia, most notably in Japan,
where there are very few Jews. On closer inspection, however, this
antisemitism without Jews shows just how far the status of Jews
and thus antisemitism has changed. The main thrust of Japanese
claims against Jews reﬂects the inﬂuence of antisemitic
accusations of Jewish world conspiracy, much on the lines of the
Protocols of the Elders of Zion, that ‘the Jews’ are a strong
economic force in the world that needs to be countered. What is
somewhat different about much of this Japanese approach,
109

After Auschwitz

Jewish–African-American alliance splintered on the rocks of
ethnic division, as African-American radical groups, such as
Malcolm X’s Nation of Islam and Black Nationalists, identiﬁed
Jews with the oppressive white majority, and as many Jews,
especially in the nascent neo-conservative movement, decided that
accommodating black demands for afﬁrmative action and other
‘privileges’ was antithetical to the conservative small government,
market-based liberalism that they now espoused. Jewish racial
fear of ‘ghetto blacks’ also led to Jews joining the ‘white ﬂight’
from the inner cities, exacerbating black economic and social
resentment that Jews had betrayed them and the cause for racial
equality. What has resulted has been an at times threatening
combination of economic and ethnic hostility against Jews, similar
to that of the minority nationalities in the Habsburg Monarchy.
There the Jews were seen as allies of the dominant, oppressing
‘state-peoples’, just as American Jews, in Hollywood for instance,
are seen as part of the white, excluding establishment, rather than
as allies in the ﬁght for equality. On the other hand, while the
rhetoric of black leaders such as Louis Farrakhan has been at
times distasteful and worse, and while more respectable leaders
such as Jesse Jackson and Andrew Young have also made
statements suggesting underlying anti-Jewish resentments, there
remains a large comity of interests and also values between the
Jewish and African-American communities and their leaderships,
especially in the political realm.

Antisemitism

however, is that there is more than a touch of admiration of Jews
in this attitude, in that Japanese marvel at how such a small group
could have such a large amount of power and inﬂuence over world
affairs. Japanese ‘antisemitic’ commentators do not so much want
to destroy the Jewish ‘conspiracy’ as emulate the Jews’ supposed
techniques and strategies of control.
While the Japanese are not ‘from Mars’, it is worth stepping back
and looking through their eyes at the Jewish position in Western
society, at the role that Jewish individuals play in the ﬁnancial,
commercial, political, entertainment, intellectual, cultural,
scientiﬁc, and media world today, to see how cogent such a
‘conspiratorial’ view can be. For it remains a truly remarkable
phenomenon as to just how successful and inﬂuential individual
Jews, and individuals of Jewish descent, are in today’s world,
despite being members of a tiny ethnic minority, of around 0.2%
of the world’s population (roughly 13,000,000 in a world
population of over 6,400,000,000). Even in the United States,
with a Jewish population of over 5 million, Jews account for less
than 2% of the total population. No matter how you look at it, the
role of Jews in Western society is completely disproportionate to
their numbers, and almost invites ideas of conspiracy by members
of other less successful ethnic groups. Given the human
inclination to explain one’s own problems by the unfair advantages
taken by others, what is remarkable about Jews and antisemitism
in the world today is not how much antisemitic sentiment and
prejudice remains in Western societies, but how little.
The one area where anti-Jewish hostility has apparently continued
to ﬂourish and be respectable, to the disgust and trepidation of
many Jews, has been in attitudes to Zionism, Israel, and the
Israeli/Palestinian conﬂict. This too is a post-Auschwitz
phenomenon. Zionism, and its claim to Jewish national rights to a
Judenstaat (properly translated as a ‘state for the Jews’ but usually
translated as a ‘Jewish state’), had been working to change the
Jewish position in the world and Jewish identity since the late
110

19th century, and had already made a major impact in recasting
Jewish and non-Jewish understandings of Jewishness before the
Holocaust. Yet it was the establishment of the state of Israel in
1948 that really began the major change in how Jewish affairs are
seen, by Jews and non-Jews (and antisemites) alike, today. Today
attitudes towards Israel are seen by many as a more accurate
gauge of ‘antisemitic’ or ‘philosemitic’ sentiment than attitudes or
behaviour towards Jews in one’s own society. The claim has been
made by many commentators that there is a ‘new antisemitism’
that, instead of attacking Jews on an economic, political, cultural,
or racial basis within the various national societies, now has
transferred its hostility to the plane of international society, so that
the enemy has become one big ‘Jew’, the state of Israel, and its
Zionist supporters. Anti-Zionism, it is claimed, is the new
antisemitism.

111

After Auschwitz

There is an undoubted overlap between hostility to the Zionist
movement and the state of Israel, and the tradition of
antisemitism outlined in the pages above. To equate anti-Zionism
and antisemitism is, however, far too simplistic, theoretically
crass, and demeans the memory of those who suffered the
horrendous consequences of real antisemitism. It is true that,
since Zionism’s founding and the establishment of a large and
ever-growing Jewish community in Palestine, there has also been
a burgeoning of an Arab and Muslim antisemitism that had not
previously existed. It is further true that Arab nationalists from
the 1930s onwards adopted Nazi antisemitic tropes to bolster their
case against the Jewish settlement in Palestine; and that the Arab
and Soviet opposition to Israel after 1948, and especially after
Israel’s victory in 1967, a hostility that led to the passing of the UN
resolution in 1975 citing Zionism as ‘a form of racism and racial
discrimination’, was informed by various antisemitic ideas, such as
that of the Jewish world conspiracy popularized by the Protocols of
the Elders of Zion. The adaptation of this notorious forgery into a
serialization on Arab television is ample evidence of the ways in
which antisemitic tropes have been introduced into the Arab and

14. The Jewish Danger: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, French
edition (c. 1940). First published in Russian in 1903, the forged
account of an alleged Jewish world conspiracy has appeared in many
languages, including Arabic, and recently appeared as a dramatic
serialization on Arabian television.

Muslim world, and severely affected the image of Jews in that
world, and in much of the developing world as well. Moreover, this
hostility to Zionism and the Jewish state has been transferred to
Jews generally, as part of the supposedly conspiratorial ‘Jewish
nation’, and has come back to Europe and North America in the
form of hostility by many Muslims and their supporters to Jews.
In the United States, this has sometimes taken the form of
African-American hostility to Jews as the counterpart to support
for the Palestinian cause, as in the case of the Nation of Islam; in
Europe, many if not most attacks against Jewish targets in such
countries as France are no longer perpetrated by disaffected,
right-wing radical, native youths, but by young North African
immigrants or ‘ﬁrst-generation’ French Muslims.

113

After Auschwitz

This is all fairly obviously true, and the resurgence of attacks on
Jews in Europe that it has occasioned very distressing, but it is
also fairly obviously due not to antisemitism as such, but rather
Arab and Muslim resistance, revenge, and general hostility to the
Zionist achievement of a Jewish state in Israel. It cannot be said,
as it has so often about racial antisemitism in Europe, that Arab
‘antisemitism’ has no rational cause. Had Israel not existed as a
Jewish nation state, it is difﬁcult to see why this Arab and Muslim
antisemitism would have emerged the way it has. The irony is that
the movement of political Zionism that Theodor Herzl created had
as its leading principle the idea that the creation of the Jews’ own
nation state, and the removal of most of European Jewry to that
state, would ‘solve’ the problem of antisemitism by removing its
main cause. If anti-Zionism has now given birth to an even more
threatening form of ‘new antisemitism’, then this suggests that the
whole theoretical basis of Zionism, at least as Herzl understood it,
was mistaken, and Zionism as an ideology bankrupt. Fortunately
for Zionists, for the future of the state of Israel, and for all
opponents of antisemitism and other forms of racial and ethnic
prejudice, the equation between anti-Zionism and antisemitism is
deeply ﬂawed.

Antisemitism

Anti-Zionism is not necessarily equatable with antisemitism.
Antisemites can oppose the idea of the Jewish ‘nation’
having its own state, as they oppose Jews having any power or
freedom. Yet it is also the case that many moderate or even radical
‘antisemites’ before 1945 supported Zionism’s recognition of the
Jews as a separate nation, and also encouraged Jewish migration
to Palestine, which they saw as, following Herzl’s argument,
relieving the European nations of the ‘Jewish Problem’. Obversely,
many opponents of antisemitic discrimination, holding true to the
liberal ideology of emancipation, and seeing Jews as a primarily
religious group, rejected Zionism as a false analysis of the Jewish
Question, forcing Jewish individuals into a national Jewish
identiﬁcation that they did not have, and that compromised their
membership in the various European nation states or nationalities.
Many principled defenders of the rights of Jews on the political
Left, whether liberal or socialist, did so on the basis of Jews’ rights
as full, equal citizens of the civic nation or of a universal humanity,
and therefore rejected Zionism as creating an unnecessary and
false barrier to Jewish integration. Many Jewish leaders before the
Holocaust also criticized Zionism on these grounds, and also on
religious grounds, from both reformed and traditionalist
perspectives. The left-wing anti-Zionism so prevalent in Western
Europe today is partly based on the same rejection of the idea of
Jewish national identity, and this does not necessarily at all
impinge on the defence by the same left-wing ﬁgures of the rights
of individual Jews, or even Jewish communities, within the
domestic polity. In such cases, anti-Zionism cannot in any proper
sense be equated with antisemitism. Moreover, this left-wing
perspective compounds its anti-Zionism by reiterating the support
for equal rights it shows domestically for Jews by transposing this
same support onto equal rights for Palestinians within the context
of the Middle East conﬂict.
The degree to which European public opinion is ‘anti-Zionist’ has,
in any case, been distorted and exaggerated in the American
114

media. Most Europeans, also those on the Left, accept and
support Israel’s existence as a state. What they object to is what
they see as unnecessarily harsh policies of Israeli governments
against the Palestinian populace. There is also a clear disquiet
about the infringement of principles of fairness with regard to
how much Israel and its Western supporters, primarily in the
United States, are prepared to give to the Palestinians in any
long-term settlement of the conﬂict. If there is more emphasis put
on Israeli responsibility to reach a just solution, and more
emphasis put on this ethnic conﬂict over territory and resources
than on the many others in the world, then this is not due so
much to antisemitism as to, ironically, European acceptance of
Israel, the Jewish state, as a civilized and hence more responsible
member of the international community, and the centrality, also
today, of Jews within the Western Judaeo-Christian tradition and
world view.

115

After Auschwitz

There is also a deeper irony in some of the contemporary
European criticism of Israel, from an anti-nationalistic
standpoint. Herzlian Zionism thought that the way to prevent
antisemitism was to accept the ‘either/or’ logic of nationalism by
setting up a separate ethno-national state for Jews outside of
Europe, thus removing conﬂict by removing difference. Yet the
ultimate lesson learned by Western Europeans (and indeed by
Americans) about antisemitism’s causes and its consequence in
genocide was that monolithic, conformist nationalism, apparently
the most advanced form of modernity in mid-20th-century
Europe, was the root cause of this political and moral human
disaster. Continental Europeans responded to this by setting in
train the process that has led to a dissolving of the boundaries and
prerogatives of the nation state, and allowing, potentially, a far
more open and inclusive approach to self-deﬁnition and
self-identiﬁcation by Europeans, in which Jews – and
Muslims – should be able to be full participants, as themselves
rather than having to assimilate to some prescribed, overly
uniform norm.

Antisemitism

In such countries as Britain and the United States, in which more
liberal and pluralistic traditions persisted from another (perhaps
more old-fashioned) form of modernity, the modus vivendi of the
‘heterogeneous nation state’ and ‘political pluralism’ had stood up
much more effectively (though not perfectly) to the same
temptations of mass discrimination, persecution, and
extermination. They were the systems that won, and preserved
human dignity and freedom. Yet even they, over the succeeding
years, have seen the injustices and dangers in the remaining
elements of repressive conformity and uniformity within them,
whether of a racist or ‘liberal universalist’ nature. Many
commentators, especially on the progressive Left, have also
recognized the dangers inherent in even the ‘liberal’ nationalism
that these states represent, let alone their ethno-nationalist
alternatives. It is therefore nationalism, with its ‘for us or against
us’ exclusion of difference, that is seen as the greatest threat,
historically as well as presently, to that acceptance of other
interests, other points of view, and ‘others’, that provides the basis
of pluralist liberal democracy. Hence nationalism is seen as the
most potent source of the prejudice, intolerance, and hatred of ‘the
other’ that is the basis of antisemitism and other racial and group
hatreds.
This rejection of nationalism as the dominant form of modern
social and political organization does not leave any clear
successors. The sometimes heated argument between ‘liberal
pluralists’ and ‘multiculturalists’ over who is the more authentic
heir to emancipation’s mantle is a sign of this. The degree to which
the individual or his/her group should be seen as the source of
value and meaning is a postmodern argument that is far from
over. It can be seen also in continuing debate about the spiritual
heritage of Jews to the West, and their place in that world. Hence
on one side of the postmodern debate Jewish ﬁgures such as
Jacques Derrida are seen as having opened a space for ‘difference’
within Western philosophy precisely out of the Jewish experience
of the consequences of insisting on a lack of difference. On the
116

other, postmodernists such as Jan Assmann point to the fact, often
commented on by anti-Jewish thinkers going back to Antiquity,
that the monotheism that Egyptians created and Jews adopted
and proliferated is antithetical to the multicultural embrace of
pantheistic difference of the postmodern world of diversity. Such
debates show that the ancient dialectic that has governed Jewish
history, between particularism and universalism, inclusion and
exclusion, both on the Jewish and non-Jewish side, will ever
continue.

If there is a conclusion to be drawn about the history of
antisemitism as it applies to the situation of Jews around the
world today, and particularly to the Israeli/Palestinian conﬂict, it
is that difference should not be denied, obliterated, or persecuted,
but should be accepted, respected, and an honest and diligent
117

After Auschwitz

Yet the idea that the nation state should be absolutely sovereign
over individual and group interests is an idea that, despite what
right-wing American ideologues might believe, is rapidly losing
cogency in our diversiﬁed and globalized world. Moreover, in a
world determined ever more by relations, by connections and
links, rather than by territorial control and borders, relying on
ethno-national states makes ever less sense, politically or morally.
This is very beneﬁcial to the Jewish Diaspora, indeed it is a sort of
ideal situation, whereby Jews can be Jews in their religious and
ethnic community, around the world, and still be embraced as full
citizens and members of their respective political and cultural,
‘national’ communities, whether as Americans, Germans, or even
Europeans. Yet such developments are not so easy for the ‘Jewish
state’ of Israel to embrace, for it was founded as a classic
ethno-national state, and, with all its forms of liberal democracy,
remains so at base. This is not to say that it should not continue in
this form, or that this is unacceptable as such; but what it does
show is that European disquiet over Israel and what it stands for
does make some sense from the postmodern European
perspective.

Antisemitism

attempt made to understand it. Antisemites in the late 19th
century and after were intent on not allowing Jewish difference,
and on seeing that difference as an undivided and threatening,
destructive mass. They refused to recognize that Jewish views
should be respected and had their own validity; they denied that
Jews differed among themselves, and saw a ‘Jewish mind’ that all
Jews supposedly shared and a ‘Jewish conspiracy’ that all Jews
were in on, so that capitalism and socialism were just part of the
same phenomenon. Antisemites were also incapable of
differentiating in their own minds between a particular ethnic
group, the Jews, and the much larger historical events of
modernization and modernity with which Jews were indeed
associated, but for which they alone were far from wholly
responsible. This refusal to accept difference led to moral disaster.
In return, in viewing current debates about antisemitism,
especially ‘new antisemitism’, it seems pertinent to point out that
not all antisemites, those harbouring or expressing some hostility
to Jews in some form or another, are the same or suffering from
the same psychic or moral disorders. Some critics of Jews today
view them as persisting in a particularistic tradition that prevents
a truly universal humanity, while others see the Jewish tradition as
imposing a deadening, uniform universalism that denies
pantheistic, multicultural diversity; some see, as they ever did,
Jews as a threat to their own cultural and social superiority, while
others see those same Jews as the allies of the oppressive ruling
race or class. All of these sources can lead to anti-Jewish
resentment and anti-Jewish behaviour, and some of them have
irrational sources, but others have sources that, at some level, are
quite rational. For those who wish to ensure that Jews never again
are faced with the disaster of the Holocaust, the best strategy
against such multifarious hostilities would appear to be not to opt
for one, particular solution that applies exclusively to Jews.
Rather, the best way to navigate these shoals of enmity is to engage
the support of all other forms of difference, and, united against
false unities, build a society, and a global community, in which a
118

small minority such as the Jews will be protected by a consensus
that ensuring and respecting the rights and interests of the few are
also in the interests and tradition of the many.
Antisemitism, in the form of a political movement aimed at
persecuting, discriminating against, removing, or even
exterminating Jews is no longer a major threat in our globalized
world. Yet antisemitism in the form of resentment at Jewish
success and Jewish power, whether illusory or not, and in the form
of social and cultural dislike or prejudice, will persist as long as
there are Jews, just as would be the case for any other identiﬁable
ethnic or religious group. The question is how can this ‘eternal’
form of antisemitism be kept within minimal and ‘harmless’
dimensions. In those terms, the answer to antisemitism is
ultimately not a Jewish state, but the establishment of a truly
global system of liberal pluralism.
After Auschwitz

119

References and further reading

Author’s note: The following books are sorted only roughly
according to relevance to the speciﬁc chapters. Many, if not most,
touch on subjects in several chapters.

1. What is antisemitism?
Hannah Arendt, Antisemitism (San Diego: Harvest/HBJ, 1985)
Sander L. Gilman, Jewish Self-Hatred: Anti-Semitism and the Hidden
Language of the Jews (Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University
Press, 1986)
Sander L. Gilman and Steven T. Katz (eds), Anti-Semitism in Times of
Crisis (New York: New York University Press, 1991)
Jacob Katz, From Prejudice to Destruction: Anti-Semitism, 1700–1933
(Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1980)
Gavin I. Langmuir, Toward a Deﬁnition of Antisemitism (Berkeley and
Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1990)
Richard S. Levy (ed.), Antisemitism: A Historical Encyclopedia of
Prejudice and Persecution, 2 vols (Santa Barbara: ABC Clio, 2005)
Albert S. Lindemann, Esau’s Tears: Modern Anti-Semitism and the
Rise of the Jews (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1997)
Peter Pulzer, The Rise of Political Anti-Semitism in Germany and
Austria, revised edn. (London: Peter Halban, 1988)
Jehuda Reinharz and Paul Mendes-Flohr (eds), The Jew in the Modern
World (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1980)
Jean-Paul Sartre, Anti-Semite and Jew (New York: Schocken, 1948)
Robert S. Wistrich, Antisemitism: The Longest Hatred (New York:
Pantheon, 1991)
120

2. The burden of the past

3. The Chosen People
Steven Beller, Vienna and the Jews, 1867–1938: A Cultural History
(Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1989)
Jonathan Frankel, Prophecy and Politics: Socialism, Nationalism and
the Russian Jews, 1862–1917 (Cambridge: Cambridge University
Press, 1981)
Arthur Hertzberg, The French Enlightenment and the Jews (New York:
Columbia University Press, 1968)
Jacob Katz, Out of the Ghetto: The Social Background of Jewish
Emancipation, 1770–1870 (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University
Press, 1973)
John Doyle Klier, Imperial Russia’s Jewish Question, 1855–1881
(Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1995)
Heinz-Dietrich Löwe, The Tsars and the Jews: Reform, Reaction and
Anti-Semitism in Imperial Russia, 1772–1917 (Chur: Harwood,
1993)
Michael A. Meyer (ed.), German-Jewish History in Modern Times,
vols 2 and 3 (New York: Columbia University Press, 1997)
Peter Pulzer, Jews and the German State: The Political History of a
Minority, 1848–1933 (Oxford: Blackwell, 1992)
121

References and further reading

David Biale, Power and Powerlessness in Jewish History (New York:
Schocken, 1986)
Daniel Chirot and Anthony Reid (eds), Essential Outsiders: Chinese
and Jews in the Modern Transformation of Southeast Asia and
Central Europe (Seattle: University of Washington Press, 1997)
Gary B. Cohen, The Politics of Ethnic Survival: Germans in Prague,
1861–1914 (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1981)
David Feldman, Englishmen and Jews: Social Relations and Political
Culture, 1840–1914 (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1994)
Gavin I. Langmuir, History, Religion and Antisemitism (Berkeley and
Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1990)
Albert S. Lindemann, Anti-Semitism before the Holocaust (Harlow:
Longman, 2000)
William O. McCagg Jr, A History of Habsburg Jews, 1670–1918
(Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1989)
Michael A. Meyer (ed.), German-Jewish History in Modern Times,
vol. 1 (New York: Columbia University Press, 1996)

David Sorkin, The Transformation of German Jewry, 1780–1840
(Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1987)
Michael Stanislawski, Zionism and the Fin de Siècle: Cosmopolitanism
and Nationalism from Nordau to Jabotinsky (Berkeley and Los
Angeles: University of California Press, 2001)

Antisemitism

4. The culture of irrationalism
Peter Gay, Freud, Jews and Other Germans: Masters and Victims in
Modernist Culture (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1978)
Nancy A. Harrowitz (ed.), Tainted Greatness: Antisemitism and
Cultural Heroes (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1994)
Jack Jacobs, On ‘The Jewish Question’ after Marx (New York: New
York University Press, 1992)
Jacob Katz, The Darker Side of Genius: Richard Wagner’s
Antisemitism (Hanover, NH: University Press of New England,
1986)
Michael R. Marrus, The Politics of Assimilation: The French Jewish
Community at the Time of the Dreyfus Affair (Oxford: Clarendon
Press, 1971)
William J. McGrath, Dionysian Art and Populist Politics in Austria
(New Haven: Yale University Press, 1974)
George L. Mosse, The Crisis of German Ideology: Intellectual Origins
of the Third Reich (New York: Schocken, 1981)
Werner E. Mosse, Jews in the German Economy: The German-Jewish
Economic Elite, 1820–1935 (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1987)
Michael K. Silber (ed.), Jews in the Hungarian Economy, 1760–1945
(Jerusalem: The Magnes Press, 1992)
Fritz Stern, The Politics of Cultural Despair: A Study in the Rise of
German Ideology (Berkeley: University of California Press,
1961)
Robert S. Wistrich, Socialism and the Jews: Dilemmas of Assimilation
in Germany and Austria-Hungary (London: Associated University
Presses, 1982)

5. The perils of modernity
John W. Boyer, Political Radicalism in Late Imperial Vienna: Origins
of the Christian Social Movement, 1848–1897 (Chicago: University
of Chicago Press, 1981)
122

6. Concatenations
Steven Beller, Herzl (London: Peter Halban, 1991)
Norman Cohn, Warrant for Genocide: T he Myth of the Jewish
World-Conspiracy and the Protocols of the Elders of Zion (London:
Serif, 2005)
Harold James, The German Slump: Politics and Economics,
1924–1936 (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1986)
Ian Kershaw, Hitler, 1889–1936: Hubris (London: Allen Lane, 1998)
Ezra Mendelsohn, The Jews of East Central Europe Between the World
Wars (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1983)
Michael A. Meyer (ed.), German-Jewish History in Modern Times,
vol. 4 (New York: Columbia University Press, 1998)
Bruce F. Pauley, From Prejudice to Persecution: A History of Austrian
Anti-Semitism (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press,
1992)
123

References and further reading

John M. Efron, Defenders of the Race: Jewish Doctors and Race Science
in Fin-de-Siècle Europe (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1994)
Brigitte Hamann, Hitler’s Vienna: A Dictator’s Apprenticeship, tr.
T. Thornton (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2001)
Nancy A. Harrowitz and Barbara Hyams (eds), Jews and Gender:
Responses to Otto Weininger (Philadelphia: Temple University
Press, 1995)
Jeffrey Herf, Reactionary Modernism: Technology, Culture and
Politics in Weimar and the Third Reich (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1984)
Pieter M. Judson, Exclusive Revolutionaries: Liberal Politics, Social
Experience and National Identity in the Austrian Empire,
1848–1914 (Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 1996)
Hillel J. Kieval, The Making of Czech Jewry: National Conﬂict and
Jewish Society in Bohemia, 1870–1918 (Oxford: Oxford University
Press, 1988)
Albert S. Lindemann, The Jew Accused: Three Anti-Semitic Affairs:
Dreyfus, Beilis, Frank, 1894–1915 (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1991)
George L. Mosse, Towards the Final Solution: A History of European
Racism (London: Dent, 1978)
Andrew G. Whiteside, The Socialism of Fools: Georg Ritter von
Schönerer and Austrian Pan-Germanism (Berkeley: University of
California Press, 1975)

Yuri Slezkine, The Jewish Century (Princeton: Princeton University
Press, 2004)

Antisemitism

7. Consequences
Zygmunt Bauman, Modernity and the Holocaust (Ithaca: Cornell
University Press, 1989)
Christopher R. Browning, Ordinary Men: Reserve Battalion 101 and
the Final Solution in Poland (New York: Harper Collins, 1992)
Christopher R. Browning, The Path to Genocide: Essays on Launching
the Final Solution (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1992)
David Cesarani (ed.), The Final Solution: Origins and Implementation
(London: Routledge, 1994)
Daniel Jonah Goldhagen, Hitler’s Willing Executioners: Ordinary
Germans and the Holocaust (London: Little, Brown and Co., 1996)
Jan T. Gross, Neighbors: The Destruction of the Jewish Community in
Jedwabne, Poland (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2001)
Raul Hilberg, The Destruction of the European Jews, 3rd edn, 3 vols
(New Haven: Yale University Press, 2003)
Ian Kershaw, The ‘Hitler Myth’: Image and Reality in the Third Reich
(Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1987)
Ian Kershaw, Hitler, 1936–1945: Nemesis (London: Allen Lane, 2000)
Michael R. Marrus, The Holocaust in History (New York: Meridian,
1989)
Ivar Oxaal, Michael Pollak, and Gerhard Botz (eds), Jews,
Antisemitism and Culture in Vienna (London: Routledge and
Kegan Paul, 1987)
Jonathan Steinberg, All or Nothing: The Axis and the Holocaust,
1941–1943 (London: Routledge, 1990)

8. After Auschwitz
Matti Bunzl, Symptoms of Modernity: Jews and Queers in Late
Twentieth Century Vienna (Berkeley and Los Angeles: University
of California Press, 2004)
David G. Goodman and Masanori Miyazawa, Jews in the Japanese
Mind: The History and Uses of a Cultural Stereotype (New York:
The Free Press, 1995)
Jan T. Gross, Fear: Anti-Semitism in Poland after Auschwitz: An Essay
in Historical Interpretation (Princeton: Princeton University
Press, 2006)
124

Friedrich Heer, God’s First Love: Christians and Jews over Two
Thousand Years (London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1970)
Tony Judt, Postwar: A History of Europe since 1945 (London: Penguin
Press, 2005)
Tony Kushner, The Holocaust and the Liberal Imagination: A Social
and Cultural History (Oxford: Blackwell, 1994)
Walter Laqueur, The Changing Face of Anti-Semitism: From Ancient
Times to the Present Day (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2006)
Bernard Lewis, Semites and Anti-Semites: An Inquiry into Conﬂict
and Prejudice, with a new afterword (New York: Norton, 1999)
Deborah E. Lipstadt, Denying the Holocaust: The Growing Assault on
Truth and Memory (London: Penguin, 1994)
Douglas Villiers (ed.), Next Year in Jerusalem: Jews in the Twentieth
Century (London: Harrap, 1976)

References and further reading

125

Index

Bauer, Otto 54, 78
Bauman, Zygmunt 6, 93
Bavarian Soviet Republic 79
Baxa, Karel 17
Beer Hall Putsch (1923) 84
Beer-Hofmann, Richard 75
Beilis, Menahem 73
Berlin 17, 34–7, 42, 62, 77–9, 81,
86
Berlin Olympics (1936) 86
Bevin, Ernest 99
Bildung 35–8
Bildungs- und Besitzbürgertum
36
Billroth, Theodor 46
Bismarck, Otto von 19, 61–3
Black Death 13
Black Hundreds 29
Black Nationalists 109
Blake, William 40
Blood libel 13
Bohemia 18, 33, 52, 65, 73, 84
Bolshevism 6, 52, 75–9, 90,
101
Bordeaux 25
Börne, Ludwig 49
Bourbon dynasty 25
Breslau 17, 37
Britain 14–16, 23–5, 40, 54,
59–60, 71–5, 90, 96, 99,
102, 106, 116
Browning, Christopher 93
Budapest 18–19, 37, 79, 95
Bund, The 30, 52

A
Adenauer, Konrad 103
Adler, Victor 54, 78
African-Americans 104, 108–9,
113
Alberich 44–6
Alexander II (Russia) 29, 51
‘Aliens Act’ (1905) 73
Alsace 25
Andreas of Rinn 14
Anschluss 87
Anti-Defamation League (ADL)
107
Antisemites League 1
Anti-Zionism 100–1, 111–14
Arabs 111–13
Arendt, Hannah 88
‘Aryanization’ 86–8
‘Aryans’ 2, 56–61, 91, 102–4
Ashkenazi Jews 7, 15, 25, 28
Assmann, Jan 117
Auschwitz 96–8, 110
Austria 19, 24, 31, 34–9, 49, 54,
60–70, 73–8, 81–7, 92,
103
Austria-Hungary, see Habsburg
Monarchy
Austrian Pan-German Party 64,
84
Austro-fascism 82, 87–8

C
Cambridge 25
Centralverein (Central
Association of Germans
of the Jewish Faith)
75
Chamberlain, Houston Stewart
56–8

B
Ballin, Albert 77
Baron, Salo 15
Barrès, Maurice 51
Bauer, Bruno 53
126

Dreyfus, Captain Alfred 26–7, 51,
74
Drumont, Edouard 26–7, 50–1
Dühring, Eugen 55

Christian Socialism 17, 62
Christian Social Party (Austria)
66–77, 87
Churchill, Winston 79
Civil rights movement, American
104, 108
Class, Heinrich 64
Cohen, Gary 17
Cohen, Hermann 43
Cold War 100, 103
Communism, see Marxism
Concentration camps 88, 93–4,
99
Coningsby 57
Convention on the Prevention
and Punishment of the
Crime of Genocide
(1948) 100
Counter-Reformation 14
Court Jews 14, 49
Crash of 9 May, 1873 68–9
Criminology 58–9
Crusade, First 13
Czechoslovakia 79, 81
Czechs 17–18, 52, 64–5, 70, 79,
81–2

E

D
Damascus 15
Darwin, Charles 55–8
Dearborn Independent 79–80
‘Degeneration’ 6, 56, 59, 80
Denmark 94
Derrida, Jacques 116
Desecration of the Host
accusation 13
disease, metaphors of 5–7,
77
Disraeli, Benjamin 15, 25, 57
Dmowski, Roman 31, 65
Doctors’ Plot (1953) 101
Dohm, C. W. 33
Dollfuss, Engelbert 87

F
Fagin 14
Familiant Laws (Austria) 33
Farrakhan, Louis 109
Fascism 82–8, 94, 102–3
Fichte, Johann Gottlieb 42–3
Final Solution, The 2, 88, 91
Ford, Henry 79–80
Foundations of the Nineteenth
Century 56
Fourier, Charles 53
127

Index

Egyptians 117
Eichmann, Adolf 90
Einsatzgruppen, SS 90
Einstein, Albert 49
Eisner, Kurt 78
Emancipation 16, 24–7, 30–41,
47–54, 58–60, 63, 73–9,
114–16
Emigration 29, 89–90, 94, 99,
103–4, 114
Enabling Act (1933) 83
England, see Britain
Enlightenment 6, 15–16, 20–8,
34, 41–3, 48–50, 53, 58,
75
Essay on the Inequality of the
Human Races 57
Ethnolinguistics 58
Ethnonationalism 17, 64, 72–4,
82, 106, 115–17
Eugenics 59–60, 91
European Union 105, 108
Evian Conference (1938) 90
Expulsions 14, 77, 91

Haider, Jörg 107
Haskalah 34
Hegel, Georg W. F. 54
Heidegger, Martin 88
Heine, Heinrich 37, 49
Hep-hep riots 14
Herder, Johann Gottlieb von 42
Herf, Jeffrey 59
Hertzberg, Arthur 25
Herzen, Alexander 92
Herzl, Theodor 6, 49, 74, 113–15
Hess, Moses 57
Hesse 73
Heteronomous religion 43, 47,
56
Hilsner, Leopold 17
Hindenburg, Paul von 83
Hitler, Adolf 67, 75, 80–94
Hollywood 109
Holocaust 1–2, 5–8, 32, 75, 91–6,
98–108, 111, 114, 118

France 14–16, 24–7, 34, 42, 50–3,
57, 71, 74, 94, 102, 106,
113
French Revolution 25, 27, 34, 42,
51, 53
Third Republic 27, 50
Vichy 94

Francis Joseph 34
Franco, Francisco 94
Freud, Sigmund 36, 38, 49, 60,
72
Friedländer, David 35
Führerprinzip 91

G

Antisemitism

Galicia 31, 36, 46, 52, 65, 73, 76–7
Germany 14–19, 34–42, 49, 52–3,
59–64, 69, 73–83,
86–90, 96, 103, 105
East Germany 103
German Confederation 34, 42
German Empire 34, 36, 74
Spartakist revolution 79
Third Reich 75, 87–92
Weimar Republic 78–83, 88
West Germany 103

‘intentionalists’ v.‘functionalists’ 91

Holocaust-denial 107
Holocaust Museum 106
Holy Roman Empire 42
Horthy, Admiral Miklós 79, 81,
94
Hungary 18–20, 65, 69, 79–82,
90, 94–5, 108

Ghettoization 90
Gilman, Sander 4
Gobineau, Joseph Arthur de
57–8
Goebbels, Joseph 93
Goldhagen, Daniel Jonah 93
Gottwald, Klement 101
Greece 47
Greenwich 46

Hungarian Soviet Republic 79
‘White Terror’ 79

I
Idealism 42–3, 57, 61
Imperialism 100, 104
Infamous Decrees 25
Irrationalism 40–56
Irving, David 107
Islamism 107
Israel 100–1, 106, 110–17
Israeli/Palestinian conﬂict
110–17
Istoczy, Gyözö 19
Italy 15–16, 25, 94

H
Ha’avara Agreement 89
Habsburg Monarchy 17, 19, 31,
34, 36, 49, 52, 61, 65,
76–8, 109
Cisleithania 34

Haeckel, Ernst 58
128

J

Landsberg prison 84
Langmuir, Gavin 2
Lanzmann, Claude 108
Lateran Council, Fourth 13
Le Pen, Jean-Marie 107
Lessing, Gotthold Ephraim 47
Lewis, Bernard 2
Liberalism 16–19, 28, 36–42,
48–50, 59–81, 96–99,
103–9, 114–19
Lindemann, Albert S. 3
Lithuania 15, 28
Lombroso, Cesare 58–9
London 16, 46, 54
Lords, House of 16
Löwe, Heinz-Dietrich 28
Ludendorff, Erich 77
Lueger, Karl 66–70, 87
Luther, Martin 14, 22
Luxemburg, Rosa 78

M
McCarthyism 103
Magyars 19, 65, 69, 82, 95

K

Magyarization 19

Kafka, Franz 18, 49
Kalmuks 30
Kant, Immanuel 42–3, 56–7
Katz, Jakob 3
Kershaw, Ian 93
Kielce 99
Kishinev 29, 66
Klezmer music 108
Kronawetter, Ferdinand 69
Krushevan, A. P. 66
Kulturkampf 61
Kun, Béla 78

Malcolm X 109
Manchester 50, 54, 59
Mann, Thomas 94
Maria Theresa 14
Marr, Wilhelm 1, 73
Marx, Karl 52–6
Marxism 52–6, 72
Masaryk, Thomas 81
Materialism 44–6, 54–61, 72
McCagg, William O., Jr. 20
Mein Kampf 67, 84
Melchior, Carl 78
Mendelssohn, Moses 34, 42
Mendelssohn-Bartholdy, Felix 37,
49
Mensheviks 52
Meyerbeer, Giacomo 44
Mill, John Stuart 40

L
‘Lachrymose version of Jewish
history’ 15
Landauer, Gustav 78
129

Index

Jackson, Jesse 109
Japan 102, 109–10
Japanese Americans 96
Jellinek, Adolf 48
Jesus 11
Jew Bill (1753) 15, 24
‘Jew census’ (1916) 76
‘Jewishness’ (Judentum) 41, 61,
111
‘Jewish Question’ 24–32, 39, 53,
63, 74, 114
Jewish Question as a Racial,
Moral and Cultural
Problem, The 55
Jewish ‘sub-culture’ 30, 38
John Paul II, Pope 108
Joseph II 33
Judaeo-Bolshevism 6, 78
‘Judaization’ (Verjudung) 46
Judensau (Jewish Pig) 13
Judentum in der Musik, Das 44

‘over-representation’ of Jews 37
Oxford 25

Mirabeau, Count 25
Moldavians 66
Moneylending 13–14
Moscow 28
Multiculturalism 42, 106, 116–18
Munich 79–80, 84
Municipalization 70
Muslims 30, 107, 111–15
My Lai 96

P
Palestine 90, 99–100, 110–17
Panama Scandal (1892–3) 51
Pan-German League 64
Parsifal 44
Passover 13
Paul, Saint 11
Philosemitism 15, 25, 59, 108, 111
Plehve, Viacheslav 66
Pluralism 71, 99–100, 104–8, 116,
119
Pogroms 29, 31, 51–2, 66, 79, 99
Poland 15, 28, 31, 46, 50, 52, 61,
64–5, 79, 82, 89–90, 95,
99, 108

Antisemitism

N
Napoleon Bonaparte 25, 42
Nathan the Wise 47
National Democrats (Endeks) 31,
65
National Socialism 77, 82–96, 99,
102–3, 107, 111
Nation of Islam 109, 113
‘negative integration’ 61, 70, 102
Netherlands 15–16, 23, 102
Neue Freie Presse, Die 68
‘new antisemitism’ 111, 113, 118
Nietzsche, Friedrich 46–7, 58,
94
Nordau, Max 60
North German Confederation 34
Nostra aetate 104
numerus clausus 70, 81–2
Nuremberg laws (1935) 86

Kingdom of Poland (1815–) 28, 31
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
15, 28
‘Polonization’ 65

Poliakov family 29
Polna Affair 17
Portugal 14, 102
Prague 14, 17–18, 76
Preuss, Hugo 78
Progressivism, American 60
Protestantism 14, 35, 37
‘cultural Protestantism’ 37

Protocols of the Elders of Zion 32,
72, 79–80, 109, 111–12
Proudhon, Pierre-Joseph 53
Prussia 34–5, 42, 61, 74–7, 83
Psychoanalysis 68, 72
Pulzer, Peter 3

O
Odessa 28, 30
On the Jewish Problem 53
On the Origin of Species 57
‘Orientalism’ 37
Orthodox Church 14, 30, 32
Österreichisch-israelitische
Union
(Austrian-Israelitic
Union) 75
‘Ostjuden’ 76
Ottoman Empire 15

R
Racialism 55–64, 70–7, 84, 91–2,
98, 102–4, 108–16
Rathenau, Walther 76, 78
‘rational evil’ 92
130

‘slave morality’ 47, 58
Slovaks 65, 70
Social Darwinism 57
Socialism 30, 39, 52–6, 61,
69–75, 78, 81, 87, 100,
102, 114, 118

Rationalism 6, 40–63, 72, 94
‘Reactionary modernism’ 59
Reichskristallnacht 87
Renan, Ernest 57
Ricardo, David 54
Riesser, Gabriel 35
Ring of the Nibelungs 44–5
Ritual murder accusation 12–17,
73
Roman Catholicism 13–16,
25–7, 31–2, 51, 61, 87,
104, 108
Romania 16, 31, 64–6, 79, 82,
90
Romanticism 40–4, 48
Rome and Jerusalem 57
Roosevelt, Franklin D. 102
Rothschild family 16
Russia 14, 16, 27–32, 51–2, 65–6,
72–9, 90–1, 112

Social Democrats 38, 54, 78

‘socialism of fools’ 69–70
Sorkin, David 32
South Africa 102
Soviet Union 78–9, 85, 100–2
Spain 14, 94
Spencer, Herbert 57
Stalin 100–1
‘state within a state’ accusation
35, 76
‘stab in the back myth’ 77
Stöcker, Adolf 16–17, 62–3
Stojalowski, Father Stanislaw 31
student politics 46, 60, 70
Sylvester Patent 34

T
Taaffe, Eduard 19
Talmud 36
Tatars 30
Taxes, Special 13, 23
Thames, River 46
Tiszaeszlar 15, 18–19
Tocqueville, Alexis de 57
Toleration Edicts (1781–; Austria)
33
Toussenel, Alphonse 53
Treitschke, Heinrich 46
Trotsky, Leon 78
Truman, Harry S. 102

Ruthenians 65

S
St. Petersburg 28
Sartre, Jean-Paul 4
Saxony 73
Schoenberg, Arnold 49
Schönerer, Georg von 64, 67
Schopenhauer, Arthur 41–4
Schuschnigg, Kurt 87
Second Coming 11, 25
‘Semites’ 57, 59
Sephardic Jews 7, 24–5, 37
Sex and Character 60
Shaw, George Bernard 59
Shoah 108
Shylock 14
Simonyi, Ivan von 19
Slánský, Rudolf 101

U
Ukrainians 31
Universal Declaration of Human
Rights (1948) 100–1
University Test Act 24
131

Index

1905 Revolution 29, 51
February Revolution (1917) 27
Muscovy 28
November Revolution (1917) 78
‘Pale of Settlement’ 28–30

Wannsee Conference 91, 98
Weber, Max 52
Weininger, Otto 60–1
Well-poisoning accusation 13
‘Westphalian state’ 24
Whig history 2
Wiesenthal, Simon 92
William II (Germany) 76
William of Norwich 12–13
Wistrich, Robert S. 4
Wittgenstein, Karl 68
Wittgenstein, Ludwig 68
World War, First 2, 73–8
World War, Second 90–6, 101

United Nations 100
United States of America 60, 63,
71, 73, 80, 96, 99–110,
113–17
U.S. Army 102

Antisemitism

V
Vatican Council, Second 104
Versailles, Peace of 78
Victory of Jewry over
Germandom 73
Vienna 14, 17, 19, 36–7, 46–52,
66–77, 81, 84–92
Viennese Stock Exchange 68
Voltaire 25

Y

W

Yiddish 30
Young, Andrew 109

Waffen-SS 107
Wagner, Richard 17, 41, 44–8, 56,
81, 83
Wagner, Winifred 81
Wall Street Crash (1929) 82

Z
Zionism 6, 27, 30, 49, 57, 74–5,
81, 89, 100–15

132

