Law: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ANTISEMITISM Steven Beller
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS
Mary Beard and John Henderson
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM
Patricia Aufderheide
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION
John Pinder and Simon Usherwood
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALAXIES John Gribbin
GALILEO Stillman Drake
GAME THEORY Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE Nicholas Boyle
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION AND
THE NEW DEAL Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser

INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LAW Raymond Wacks
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Griffiths
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN CHINA Rana Mitter
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Christopher Harvie
and H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
NUCLEAR WEAPONS
Joseph M. Siracusa
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas

POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
THE QUAKERS Pink Dandelion
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith

SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER Christopher Janaway
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY
BRITAIN Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
1066 George Garnett
EXPRESSIONISM
Katerina Reed-Tsocha
GEOGRAPHY John A. Matthews and
David T. Herbert
HISTORY OF MEDICINE
William Bynum

MEMORY Jonathan Foster
NELSON MANDELA Elleke Boehmer
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
SEXUALITY Véronique Mottier
THE MEANING OF LIFE
Terry Eagleton

For more information visit our website
www.oup.com/uk/vsi
www.oup.com/us

Raymond Wacks

Law
A Very Short Introduction

1

1

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford OX2 6DP
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
© Raymond Wacks 2008
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published 2008
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 978–0–19–921496–9
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

Contents

Preface ix
List of illustrations xiii

1
2
3
4
5
6

Law’s roots 1
Law’s branches 36
Law and morality 67
Courts 85
Lawyers 108
The future of the law 121
References 154
Cases discussed 156
Legal sources: a very short explanation 158
Further reading 160
Index 169

This page intentionally left blank

Preface

Seldom do the words ‘law’ and ‘brevity’ occur in the same
sentence. The notorious prolixity and obscurity of the law may
suggest that any attempt to condense even its rudiments is
an undertaking of Utopian, if not quixotic, proportions. But
this is the improbable task I have undertaken in these pages:
to distil the essentials of the complex phenomenon of law: its
roots, its branches, its purpose, practice, institutions, and its
future. My objective is to introduce the lay reader – including
the prospective or novice student of law, politics, or other social
sciences – to the fundamentals of law and legal systems, avoiding
as much technical jargon as possible. I hope that this little
volume will encourage curiosity about the intriguing nature of
law, and promote further reﬂection upon and exploration into
the central role it plays in our lives. Those in search of a deeper
understanding of the numerous facets of the law will want to turn
to some of the works listed in the ‘further reading’ section. There
is also, of course, an abundance of excellent online legal resources;
some of the leading websites are provided in Chapter 6.
It is important to stress that, though the emphasis of the book is
on the Western secular legal tradition (the common law and the
civil law), I include brief discussions of other legal systems, such
as Islamic law, customary law, and certain mixed systems, since
my principal purpose is to offer an introduction to ‘law’ in its most

general sense. I confess, however, my predisposition towards the
common law. This prejudice, if it is to be so described, might be
defended by pointing to what I see as a perceptible shift towards
the globalization of various features of the common law. But
that is too glib a rationalization. The explanation is less oblique.
English is the language in which this book is written by one who
has spent most of his working life in common law jurisdictions.
My limited proﬁciency in foreign languages dictated that all the
sources, including those related to non-common law systems,
were in English. Despite this encumbrance, I have attempted
to curtail any gratuitous assumptions about the law that may
spring from my own experience which, as it happens, is unusually
diverse. I studied and taught law in a mixed legal system (South
Africa) as well as in two common law jurisdictions (England and
Hong Kong), and I now live in a civil law country (Italy). My
nomadic existence could I suppose be tendered as evidence in
mitigation of any partiality I may be guilty of exhibiting in these
pages.
Fortuitously, two of these jurisdictions are especially instructive;
both underwent seismic transformations during the 1990s,
entailing fundamental legal change. In 1992 the legal ediﬁce of
apartheid was demolished; two years later Nelson Mandela was
elected President of the ‘new’ South Africa – with its democratic
constitution, bill of rights, and constitutional court. And in
1997 Hong Kong was ‘returned’ to China; its metamorphosis
from British colony to Chinese Special Administrative Region
was, above all, a matter of law. The form and structure of this
improbable creature – a capitalist enclave within a socialist
state – is preserved by Hong Kong’s new constitution, the
Basic Law, which guarantees the continuation of the existing
common law.
If there is a lesson to be learned from these two dramatic episodes,
it is the perhaps rather prosaic truth that the law is an imperfect

yet indispensable vehicle by which both to conserve and transform
society. It would be rash to undervalue the certainty, generality,
and predictability that an effective legal system can provide. Few
societies achieve genuine harmony and accord; yet in the absence
of law a descent into chaos and conﬂict would surely be an
inevitable consequence for our increasingly polarized planet.
To abridge – without oversimpliﬁcation – the central
characteristics of the law entailed countless cold-blooded
judgments. Numerous chunks were reluctantly dispatched to my
swelling recycle bin. I can only hope that in charting the central
terrain of contemporary law, the frontiers I have drawn are neither
excessively narrow nor unreasonably wide. I have endeavoured
to plot the most prominent features of the topography of the
ever-shifting landscape of the law, acknowledging, of course, that
much lies on its periphery.
It is important also to emphasize that law cannot properly be
understood without an awareness of its social, political, moral,
and economic dimensions. Legal theory or jurisprudence seeks
to uncover many of these deeper philosophical elements that
explain the complex phenomenon of law and its operation in legal
systems. Chapter 3 attempts to illustrate the controversial tension
between law and the moral practices adopted by society. I have
resisted further excursions through the frequently impenetrable
thicket of legal philosophy, both because it lies beyond the modest
objectives of this work, and in the hope that readers in pursuit of
an introduction to this stimulating discipline may wish to turn
to my Philosophy of Law: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford
University Press, 2006), which might be regarded as a companion
volume to the one in your hands.
In hatching and executing this plot, those at Oxford University
Press have, as before, been agreeable co-conspirators. Special
thanks to Andrea Keegan, James Thompson, Alice Jacobs,

Helen Oaks, Deborah Protheroe, Zoe Spilberg, Winnie Tam, and
the anonymous reader of my manuscript.
Without the enduring love, encouragement, and support of my
wife, Penelope (felicitously, a barrister), little would be possible.
Over this loyal subject, her sovereignty is unbounded; her word
law.
Raymond Wacks

List of illustrations

1 Code of Hammurabi,
c. 1760 BC 4
© The Print Collector/Alamy

8 Pro-life demonstration in the
United States 75
© Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

2 Byzantine Roman Emperor,
Justinian 6

9 The trial of Saddam
Hussein 83

© Christel Gerstenberg/Corbis

© Pool/Getty Images

3 University of Bologna 7
© Stephanie Maze/Corbis

10 Medieval court of law,
c. 1450 88
© Hulton Archive/Getty Images

4 Legal systems of the world
map 12
5 Advertisement for the
celebrated carbolic smoke
ball 40
© Lordprice Collection/Alamy

6 Portia in The Merchant of
Venice 62
© The Print Collector/Alamy

7 John Stuart Mill 71
© London Stereoscopic Company/
Hulton Archive/Getty Images

11 Senior French judge and legal
ofﬁcial in their ﬁnery 92
© Jean-Bernard Vernier/Corbis
Sygma

12 O. J. Simpson, acquitted of
murder 93
© Sam Mircovich/AFP/Getty Images

13 Members of the Supreme
Court of Canada 99
© AP Photo/CP, Fred Chatrand

14 Cartoon: juries may be
inﬂuenced by factors other
than the evidence 104
www.cartoonStock.com/© Mike
Baldwin

18 CCTV cameras 127
© Scott Barbour/Getty Images

19 Protest against animal
cruelty 131
© Wally McNamee/Corbis

15 Lawyer Atticus Finch, played
by Gregory Peck in the ﬁlm of
To Kill a Mockingbird 109
© Universal International/Ronald
Grant Archive

16 Hong Kong senior counsel
dons ceremonial wig and
silk gown 112

20 Gerry Adams displays listening
equipment and tracking device
used to spy on Sinn Fein 135
© Reuters

21 Obtaining DNA evidence 138
© Nucleus Medical Art, Inc./Alamy

22 A sophisticated ID card 139
17 Cartoon: lawyers can
only do so much for their
clients 119

© Varie/Alt/Corbis

© Used with the permission of Mike
Twohyand the Cartoonist Group

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Chapter 1
Law’s roots

Step on a bus. The law is there. You have almost certainly entered
into a contract to pay the fare to your destination. Alight before
you have paid and the long arm of the criminal law may be
expected to pursue you. The bus is involved in an accident. The
law is ready to determine who is responsible for the injury you
sustained. Your job, your home, your relationships, your very
life – and your death, all – and more – are managed, controlled,
and directed by the law. The legal system lies at the heart of any
society, protecting rights, imposing duties, and establishing a
framework for the conduct of almost every social, political, and
economic activity. Punishing offenders, compensating the injured,
and enforcing agreements are merely some of the tasks of a
modern legal system. In addition, it endeavours to achieve
justice, promote freedom, uphold the rule of law, and protect
security.
To the layman, however, the law often seems a highly technical,
bewildering mystery, with its antiquated and sometimes
impenetrable jargon, obsolete procedures, and interminable
stream of Byzantine statutes, subordinate legislation, and
judgments of the courts. Lawyers tend to look backwards. The
doctrine of precedent, hallmark of the common law, dictates that
what has gone before is what now should be, thereby affording
a measure of certainty and predictability in a precarious world.
1

Law

But the law does not stand still. Globalization, rapid advances
in technology, and the growth of administrative regulation place
increasing strain on the law. Domestic legal systems are expected
to respond to, and even anticipate, these changes, while many
look to international law to settle disputes between states, punish
malevolent dictators, and create a better world. These are among
the numerous challenges to which contemporary legal systems are
meant to rise.
The law is rarely uncontroversial. While lawyers and politicians
habitually venerate its merits, reformers bewail its inadequacies,
and sceptics refute the law’s often self-righteous espousal of
justice, liberty, and the rule of law. Few, however, would deny
that, in most societies, law has become a signiﬁcant instrument
for progress and improvement in our social, political, moral,
and economic life. Think of the transformation that legal rules
have wrought in respect of numerous aspects of our lives that
were once considered personal: the promotion of sexual and
racial equality, safety at work and play, healthier food, candour
in commerce, and a host of other admirable aspirations. Laws to
protect human rights, the environment, and our personal security
have mushroomed. Nothing seems beyond the reach of the long
arm of the law. This boom in the law-making business renders it
impractical both for citizens to become acquainted with its myriad
rules, and for the authorities to enforce them.
The law is news. Murders, mergers, marriages, misfortunes,
and mendacity are daily media fodder, especially when the
misbehaviour is played out in court. Sensationalist trials
concerning celebrities are, alas, only the small tip of a large
iceberg. Lawsuits are a negligible part of the law, as will become
evident in the following chapters.
But what is law? In very broad terms, two principal answers have
been given to this deceptively simple question. On the one hand is
the view that law consists of a set of universal moral principles in
2

The genesis of law
Despite the importance of law in society, its manifestation in the
form of general codes ﬁrst appears only around 3000 BC. Prior to
the advent of writing, laws exist only in the form of custom. And
the absence of written law retards the capacity of these rules to
provide lasting or extensive application.
Among the ﬁrst written codes is that of Hammurabi, king and
creator of the Babylonian empire. It appeared in about 1760 BC,
and is one of the earliest instances of a ruler proclaiming a
systematic corpus of law to his people so that they are able to
know their rights and duties. Engraved on a black stone slab (that
may be seen in the Louvre in Paris), the code contains some 300
sections with rules relating to a broad array of activities ranging
from the punishment that is to be inﬂicted on a false witness
(death) to that to be meted out to a builder whose house collapses
3

Law’s roots

accordance with nature. This view (adopted by so-called natural
lawyers) has a long history dating back to ancient Greece. For
so-called legal positivists, on the other hand, law is nothing more
than a collection of valid rules, commands, or norms that may
lack any moral content. Others perceive the law as fundamentally
a vehicle for the protection of individual rights, the attainment
of justice, or economic, political, and sexual equality. Few believe
that the law can be divorced from its social context. The social,
political, moral, and economic dimensions of the law are essential
to a proper understanding of its workaday operation. This is
especially true in times of change. It is important to recognize the
fragility of formalism; we skate on dangerously thin ice when we
neglect the contingent nature of the law and its values. Reﬂection
upon the nature of law may sometimes seem disconcertingly
abstruse. More than occasionally, however, it reveals important
insights into who we are and what we do. The nature and
consequences of these different positions should become apparent
before long.

1. The Code of Hammurabi, created by the King of Babylon in
about 1760 BC, is among the earliest extant collection of laws. It
is a well-preserved diorite stele setting out 282 laws, providing a
fascinating insight into social life under his rule

killing the owner (death). The code is almost entirely devoid of
defences or excuses, a very early example of strict liability!
The king was, in fact, acknowledging the existence of even earlier
laws (of which we have only the barest of evidence), which his
code implies. In truth, therefore, the code echoes customs that
preceded the reign of this ancient monarch.

To resolve disputes between higher- and lower-ranked citizens,
the Romans, in about 450 BC, issued, in tablet form, a compilation
of laws known as the Twelve Tables. A commission of ten men
(Decemviri) was appointed in about 455 BC to draft a code of law
binding on all Romans (the privileged class – the patricians – and
the common people – the plebeians) which the magistrates (two
consuls) were required to enforce. The result was a compilation
of numerous statutes, most derived from prevailing custom, that
ﬁlled ten bronze tablets. The plebeians were unimpressed with the
result, and a second commission of ten was appointed in 450 BC. It
added another two tablets.
During the period of the so-called classical jurists, between the
1st century BC and the middle of the 3rd century AD, Roman law
achieved a condition of considerable sophistication. Indeed, so
proliﬁc were these jurists (Gauis, Ulpian, Papinian, Paul, and
5

Law’s roots

A more striking example of early law-making may be found in
the laws of the Athenian statesman Solon in the 6th century BC.
Regarded by the ancient Greeks as one of the Seven Wise Men,
he was granted the authority to legislate to assist Athens in
overcoming its social and economic crisis. His laws were extensive,
including signiﬁcant reforms to the economy, politics, marriage,
and crime and punishment. He divided Athenian society into ﬁve
classes based on ﬁnancial standing. One’s obligations (including
tax liability) depended on one’s class. He cancelled debts for
which the peasants had pledged their land or their bodies, thereby
terminating the institution of serfdom.

2. The Byzantine Roman Emperor Justinian, depicted here in one of
the striking mosaics in the Basilica of San Vitale in Ravenna, oversaw
the revision and codiﬁcation of Roman law into the Corpus Juris
Civilis, consisting of the Digest (or Pandects), the Institutes, the
Codex, and the Novellae

several others) that their enormous output became hopelessly
unwieldy. Between 529 and 534 AD, therefore, the Eastern
emperor, Justinian, ordered that these manifold texts be reduced
to a systematic, comprehensive codiﬁcation. The three resulting
books, the Corpus Juris Civilis (comprising the Digest, Codex,
and Institutes), were to be treated as deﬁnitive: a conclusive
statement of the law that required no interpretation. But this
illusion of unconditional certainty soon became evident: the
codiﬁcation was both excessively lengthy (close to a million words)
and too detailed to admit of easy application.

3. The University of Bologna is arguably the ﬁrst in the Western
world. It was established around 1088, at which time masters of
grammar, rhetoric, and logic began to turn their attention to the law.
The University continues to boast a distinguished faculty of law
7

Law’s roots

Its meticulous detail proved, however, to be its huge strength.
More than 600 years after the fall of the Western Roman Empire,
Europe witnessed a revival in the study of Roman law. And
Justinian’s codiﬁcation, which had remained in force in parts of
Western Europe, was the perfect specimen upon which European
lawyers could conduct their experiments. With the establishment

Law

in about AD 1088 in Bologna of the ﬁrst university in Western
Europe, and the burgeoning of universities throughout Europe
in the succeeding four centuries, students of law were taught
Justinian’s law alongside canon law. Moreover, the contradictions
and complexity of the codes turned out to be an advantage, since
the rules were, despite the emperor’s fantasy of ﬁnality, susceptible
to interpretation and adaptation in order to suit the requirements
of the time. In this way, Roman civil law spread throughout most
of Europe – in the face of its detractors during the Renaissance
and the Reformation.
By the 18th century, however, it was recognized that more
concise codes were called for. Justinian’s codiﬁcation was
replaced by several codes that sought brevity, accessibility, and
comprehensiveness. The Napoleonic code of 1804 came close to
fulﬁlling these lofty aspirations. It was exported by colonization
to large tracts of Western and Southern Europe and thence to
Latin America, and it exerted an enormous inﬂuence throughout
Europe. A more technical, abstract code was enacted in Germany
in 1900. What it lacks in user-friendliness, it makes up for in its
astonishing comprehensiveness. Known as the BGB, its inﬂuence

The appeal of codiﬁcation
[A] man need but open the book in order to inform himself
what the aspect borne by the law bears to every imaginable
act that can come within the possible sphere of human
agency: what acts it is his duty to perform for the sake of
himself, his neighbour or the public: what acts he has a right
to do, what other acts he has a right to have others perform
for his advantage. … In this one repository the whole system
of the obligations which either he or any one else is subject to
are recorded and displayed to view.
Jeremy Bentham, Of Laws in General, chapter 19, para 10; quoted in
Gerald J. Postema, Bentham and the Common Law Tradition (OUP, 1986), p. 148

8

has also been considerable: it afforded a model for the civil codes
of China, Japan, Taiwan, Greece, and the Baltic states.

The Western legal tradition
The Western legal tradition has a number of distinctive features,
in particular:
A fairly clear demarcation between legal institutions
(including adjudication, legislation, and the rules they spawn),
on the one hand, and other types of institutions, on the other;
legal authority in the former exerting supremacy over political
institutions.

•

The nature of legal doctrine which comprises the principal
source of the law and the basis of legal training, knowledge,
and institutional practice.

•

The concept of law as a coherent, organic body of rules and
principles with its own internal logic.

•

The existence and specialized training of lawyers and other
legal personnel.

While some of these characteristics may occur in other legal
traditions, they differ in respect of both the importance they
accord to, and their attitude towards, the precise role of law in
society. Law, especially the rule of law, in Western Europe is a
fundamental element in the formation and signiﬁcance of society
itself. This veneration of law and the legal process shapes also
the exercise of government, domestically and internationally, by
contemporary Western democracies.
The ideal of the rule of law is most closely associated with the
English constitutional scholar Albert Venn Dicey, who in his
celebrated work An Introduction to the Study of the Law of the
Constitution, published in 1885, expounded the fundamental
precepts of the (unwritten) British constitution, and especially
9

Law’s roots

•

the concept of the rule of law which, in his view, consisted of the
following three principles:
•

The absolute supremacy or predominance of regular law as
opposed to the inﬂuence of arbitrary power.

•

Equality before the law or the equal subjection of all classes
to the ordinary law of the land administered by the ordinary
courts.

•

The law of the constitution is a consequence of the rights of
individuals as deﬁned and enforced by the courts.

Law

The antique charm of the common law
[W]hat the Continental lawyer sees as being a single problem
and solves with a single institution is seen by the common
lawyer as being a bundle of more speciﬁc problems which
he solves with a plurality of legal institutions, most of them
of ancient pedigree … One should be frank enough to say,
however, that though the English system has a certain
antiquarian charm about it, it is so extremely complex and
difﬁcult to understand that no one else would dream of
adopting it.
K. Zweigert and H. Kötz,
An Introduction to Comparative Law, 3rd edn (OUP, 1998), p. 37

Civil law and common law
The system of codiﬁed law that obtains in most of Europe, South
America, and elsewhere (see Figure 4) is known as civil law, in
contrast to the common law system that applies in England,
former British colonies, the United States, and most of Canada.
Civil law is frequently divided into four groups. First, is French
civil law, which obtains also in Belgium and Luxembourg, the
Canadian province of Quebec, Italy, Spain, and their former
10

colonies, including those in Africa and South America. Second,
German civil law, which is, in large part, applied in Austria,
Switzerland, Portugal, Greece, Turkey, Japan, South Korea, and
Taiwan. Third, Scandinavian civil law exists in Sweden, Denmark,
Norway, and Iceland. Finally, Chinese (or China) law combines
elements of civil law and socialist law. This is by no means an
airtight classiﬁcation. For example, Italian, Portuguese, and
Brazilian law have, over the last century, moved closer to German
law as their civil codes increasingly adopted key elements of the
German civil code. The Russian civil code is partly a translation of
the Dutch code.

Codiﬁcation has been resisted by generations of common lawyers,
though this hostility has been weaker in the United States, where
since its establishment in 1923, the American Law Institute (a
group of lawyers, judges, and legal scholars) has published a
number of ‘restatements of the law’ (including those on contract,
property, agency, torts, and trusts) to ‘address uncertainty in the
law through a restatement of basic legal subjects that would tell
judges and lawyers what the law was’. They seek to clarify rather
than codify the law. Their standing as secondary authority is
demonstrated by their widespread (though not always consistent)
acceptance by American courts. More signiﬁcant is the Uniform
Commercial Code (UCC) which establishes consistent rules in
respect of a number of key commercial transactions that apply
11

Law’s roots

Though the two traditions – common law and civil law – have,
over the last century, grown closer, there are at least ﬁve
signiﬁcant differences between the two systems. First, the
common law is essentially unwritten, non-textual law that was
fashioned by medieval lawyers and the judges of the royal courts
before whom they submitted their arguments. Indeed, it may
be that this entrenched oral tradition, supported by a strong
monarchy, developed by experts before the revival in the study
of Roman law, explains why that system was never ‘received’ in
England.

Civil Law
Common Law
Customary Law
Religious Law
Common and Civil Law

4. While civil law is the world’s most ubiquitous system, the common law and, to a lesser extent,
religious and customary law, are applied in a number of countries

across the country. With 50 states with different laws, uniformity
in respect of commercial transactions is obviously vital. Imagine
the confusion in the absence of such standardization: you live in
New York and buy a car in New Jersey that is made in Michigan,
warehoused in Maine, and delivered to your home.
Second, the common law is casuistic: the building blocks are cases
rather than, as in the civil law system, texts. Ask any American,
Australian, or Antiguan law student how most of his or her
study-time is spent. The answer will almost certainly be ‘reading
cases’. Question their counterparts from Argentina, Austria, or
Algeria, and they will allude to the civil and penal codes they
persistently peruse. The consequence of the common lawyer’s
preoccupation with what the judges say – rather than what the
codes declare – is a more pragmatic, less theoretical approach to
legal problem-solving.

A fourth generalization is that while the common law proceeds
from the premise ‘where there is a remedy, there is a right’, the
civil law tradition generally adopts the opposite position: ‘where
there is a right, there is a remedy’. If the common law is essentially
remedial, rather than rights-based, in its outlook, this is plainly
a result of the so-called writ system under which, from the 12th
century in England, litigation could not commence without a
writ issued on the authority of the king. Every claim had its own
13

Law’s roots

Third, in view of the centrality of court decisions, the common
law elevates the doctrine of precedent to a supreme position in the
legal system. This doctrine means both that previous decisions
of courts that involve substantially similar facts ought to govern
present cases and that the judgments of higher courts are binding
on those lower in the judicial hierarchy. The justiﬁcation for the
idea is that it engenders constancy, predictability, and objectivity,
while allowing for judges to ‘distinguish’ apparently binding
precedents on the ground that the case before them differs from
them in some material respect.

Law

formal writ. So, for example, the writ of debt was a prerequisite
to any action to recover money owing, and the writ of right
existed to recover land. In the 17th century, the writ of habeas
corpus (literally ‘you must produce the body’) was a vital check
on arbitrary power, for it required the production of a person
detained without trial to be brought before a court. In the absence
of a legal justiﬁcation for his imprisonment, the judge could
order the individual to be liberated. It took a century for civil law
jurisdictions to accept this fundamental attribute of a free society.
Finally, in the 13th century, the common law introduced trial
by jury for both criminal and civil cases. The jury decides on
the facts of the case; the judge determines the law. Trial by jury
has remained a fundamental feature of the common law. This
separation between facts and law was never adopted by civil law
systems. It illustrates also the importance of the oral tradition
of common law as against the essential role of written argument
employed by the civil law.

The common law, chaos, and codiﬁcation
[L]ife might be much simpler if the common law consisted
of a code of rules, identiﬁable by reference to source rules,
but the reality of the matter is that it is all much more chaotic
than that, and the only way to make the common law conform
to the ideal would be to codify the system, which would then
cease to be common law at all. The myth, for that is what it is,
owes its attractiveness to another ideal, that of the rule of law,
not men. … It consequently distorts the nature of the system
to conceive of the common law as a set of rules, an essentially
precise notion, as if one could in principle both state the rules
of the common law and count them like so many sheep, or
engrave them on tablets of stone.
A. W. B. Simpson, ‘The Common Law and Legal Theory’, in William
Twining (ed.), Legal Theory and Common Law (Blackwell, 1986), pp. 15–16

14

There are also certain jurisdictions, such as Scotland, that, though
their legal systems are not codiﬁed, preserve varying degrees of
Roman inﬂuence. On the other hand, some jurisdictions have
avoided the impact of Roman law, but because of the prominence
of legislation, these systems resemble the civil law tradition. They
include Scandinavian countries, which inhabit an unusual place in
the ‘Romano-Germanic’ family.

Other legal traditions
Religious law

[B]asic institutions, concepts, and values … have their sources in
religious rituals, liturgies, and doctrines of the eleventh and twelfth
centuries, reﬂecting new attitudes toward death, sin, punishment,
forgiveness, and salvation, as well as new assumptions concerning
the relationship of the divine to the human and of faith to reason.

In Europe in the 12th century, ecclesiastical law played an
important role in a number of ﬁelds. Ecclesiastical courts claimed
jurisdiction over a wide range of matters, including heresy,
fornication, homosexuality, adultery, defamation, and perjury.
Canon law still governs several churches, especially the Roman
Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, and the Anglican
Communion of Churches.
The rise of secularism has not completely extinguished the impact
of religious law. The jurisdiction of Western legislatures and
courts over exclusively religious matters is frequently curtailed,
and many legal systems incorporate religious law or delegate to
15

Law’s roots

No legal system can be properly understood without investigating
its religious roots. These roots are often both deep and durable.
Indeed, the Roman Catholic Church has the longest, continuously
operating legal system in the Western world. The inﬂuence of
religion is palpable in the case of Western legal systems:

Talmudic law
[The Talmud] represents a brilliant intellectual concept, a
book of law which contains endless differences of opinion
from all ages and dealing with all that had gone on before,
while seen as never deﬁnitely ﬁnished and thus leaving room
for still more opinion, as each age engages with it. There is no
equivalent to it in any legal tradition.
H. Patrick Glenn, On Common Laws (OUP, 2005), p. 131

Law

religious institutions matters of a domestic nature. Nevertheless,
one of the hallmarks of Western legality is the separation between
church and state.
While a number of prominent religious legal traditions co-exist
with state systems of law, some have actually been adopted as
state law. The most signiﬁcant are Talmudic, Islamic, and Hindu
law. All three derive their authority from a divine source: the
exposition of religious doctrine as revealed in the Talmud, Koran,
and Vedas respectively.

Hindu law
Hindu law recognizes the possibility of change, both of law
and the world, but … [i]t just tolerates it, without in any way
encouraging it, as something that’s going to happen, but
which shouldn’t disturb the basic harmony of the world. If
it does, it’s bad karma, and this too will be dealt with. Thus,
for a written tradition, Hindu tradition is incredibly roomy.
Toleration is not at the perimeter of it, but at the centre. And
toleration turns out to have its own kind of discipline.
H. Patrick Glenn, Legal Traditions of the World, 2nd edn (OUP, 2004), p. 287

16

All have inﬂuenced secular law in a variety of ways. For example,
Talmudic law had a signiﬁcant impact on Western commercial,
civil, and criminal law. In addition to common and civil law
systems, it is possible to identify four other signiﬁcant legal
traditions.
Islamic law (or the Sharia) is based largely on the teachings
of the Koran. It extends to all aspects of life, not merely those
that pertain to the state or society. It is observed by more than
one-ﬁfth of the population of the world, some 1.3 billion
people.

Islamic law
Islamic law … seeks constancy with common-sense
assumptions about humanity, not through the reﬁnement of
categories of its own creation. [It] is a system of adjudication,
of ethics and of logic that ﬁnds its touchstone not in the
perfecting of doctrine, but in the standards of everyday
life, and measured in this way it is enormously developed,
integrated, logical and successful. Man’s duty is to conform
to God’s moral limits, not to try to invent them. But within
these limits established by God one can create relationships
and trafﬁc in the knowledge of their existence, intricacies and
repercussions.
Lawrence Rosen, The Anthropology of Justice:
Law as Culture in Islamic Society (CUP, 1989), p. 56; quoted in
Malise Ruthven, Islam: A Very Short Introduction (OUP, 1997), p. 89

17

Law’s roots

At its core, Hinduism postulates the notion of Kharma: goodness
and evil on earth determine the nature of one’s next existence.
Hindu law, especially in relation to family law and succession,
applies to around 900 million individuals, mostly in living in
India.

Customary law
To constitute custom, the practices involved require something
beyond mere usage or habit. They need to have a degree of
legality. This is not always easy to discern, though customary law
continues to play an important role, especially in jurisdictions
with mixed legal systems such as occur in several African
countries. The tenacity of custom is evident also in India and
China. Indeed, in respect of the latter, the Basic Law of the Special
Administrative Region of Hong Kong provides that customary
law, as part of the laws previously in force in Hong Kong (prior to
1 July 1997), shall be maintained.

Law

Mixed legal systems
In some jurisdictions two or more systems interact. In South
Africa, for example, the existence of Roman-Dutch law is a
consequence of the inﬂuence of Dutch jurists who drew on Roman
law in their writing. This tradition was exported to the Cape
Colony in the 17th and 18th centuries. The hybrid nature of South
Africa’s legal system is especially vivid, since, following the arrival
of English common law in the 19th century, the two systems
co-existed in a remarkable exercise of legal harmony. And they
continue to do so:
Like a jewel in a brooch, the Roman-Dutch law in South Africa
today glitters in a setting that was made in England. Even if it were
true (which it is not) that the whole of South African private law
and criminal law had remained pure Roman-Dutch law, the South
African legal system as a whole would still be a hybrid one, in which
civil- and common-law elements jostle with each other.

The mixture is no longer nearly as effective in Sri Lanka or
Guyana, to where Roman-Dutch law was exported in 1799
and 1803 respectively, but where the common law now
predominates.
18

Chinese law
Traditional Chinese society, in common with other Confucian
civilizations, did not develop a system of law founded by the ideas
that underlie Western legal systems. Confucianism adopted the
concept of ‘li’: an intense opposition to any system of ﬁxed rules
that applied universally and equally. Though Chinese ‘legalists’
sought to undermine the political authority of this Confucian
philosophy of persuasion by championing ‘rule by law’ (‘fa’) in
place of the organic order of the Confucian ‘li’, the latter continues
to dominate China.
The spectacular modernization of China has generated a need for
laws that facilitate its economic and ﬁnancial development. But
this new legalism has not been accompanied by an ideological
partiality for law along Western lines. The role of law in modern

I would venture to suggest that as economic and social
changes sweep through China as a result of the current
economic reforms, the social context for the closed elements
of traditional legal culture will, in the course of time, be
replaced by a context more favourable to elements more
consistent with liberalism, democracy, human rights, and the
rule of law. They will thus ﬁnd their place in a rejuvenated
Chinese culture, which can and will continue to be informed
and inspired by the open elements of the Chinese tradition,
such as Confucian benevolence, moral self-cultivation,
and the quiet but unending spiritual quest for harmony of
‘heaven, earth, humanity and the myriad things’.
Albert H. Y. Chen, ‘Confucian Legal Culture
and its Modern Fate’, in Raymond Wacks (ed.), The New Legal
Order in Hong Kong (Hong Kong University Press, 1999), pp. 532–3

19

Law’s roots

The future of the law in China

China remains decidedly instrumental and pragmatic. Its system
is essentially civilian and hence largely codiﬁed, but this has not
yet engendered either greater esteem for the law or a diminution
in the control of the Communist Party.

The allure of the law

Law

Individuals aggrieved by iniquity often complain, ‘There ought
to be a law against that!’ There is an understandable tendency to
look to the law to resolve our problems. And the law’s failure to
provide a remedy may provoke a sense of frustration and anger.
Yet legal regulation of antisocial behaviour is not as simple as it
may appear, as should become clear when the challenges to the
law of technology are considered in Chapter 6. Before we reach for
the law – or a lawyer – it is worth recalling the words of the great
American judge Learned Hand, who prescribed this antidote to an
excessive faith in the law:
I often wonder whether we do not rest our hopes too much upon
constitutions, upon laws and upon courts. These are false hopes;
believe me, these are false hopes. Liberty lies in the hearts of
men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no
court can even do much to help it. While it lies there it needs no
constitution, no law, no court to save it.

The validity or otherwise of this assertion should become evident
in the course of these pages.

The functions of law
Order
Football, chess, bridge are unthinkable without rules. A casual
poker club could not function without an agreed set of rules
by which its members are expected abide. It is not surprising
therefore that when they are formed into larger social groups,
humans have always required laws. Without law, society is
20

barely conceivable. We tend, unfortunately, towards egoism. The
restraint that law imposes on our liberty is the price we pay for
living in a community. ‘We are slaves of the law’ wrote the great
Roman lawyer Cicero, ‘so that we may be free’. And the law has
provided the security and self-determination that has, in large
part, facilitated social and political advancement.
The cliché ‘law and order’ is perhaps more accurately rendered
‘law for order’. Without law, it is widely assumed, order would
be unattainable. And order – or what is now popularly called
‘security’ – is the central aim of most governments. It is an
essential prerequisite of a society that aspires to safeguard the
well-being of its members.

He recognizes that we are fundamentally equal, mentally
and physically: even the weakest has the strength to kill the
strongest. This equality, he suggests, engenders discord. We tend
to quarrel, he argues, for three main reasons: competition (for
limited supplies of material possessions), distrust, and glory (we
remain hostile in order to preserve our powerful reputations).
As a consequence of our inclination towards conﬂict, Hobbes
concludes that we are in a natural state of continuous war of
all against all, where no morals exist, and all live in perpetual
fear. Until this state of war ceases, all have a right to everything,
21

Law’s roots

Thomas Hobbes famously declared that in his natural state – prior
to the social contract – the condition of man was ‘solitary, poor,
nasty, brutish and short’, though more than one student has
rendered this maxim as ‘… nasty, British and short’. Law and
government are required, Hobbes argues, if we are to preserve
order and security. We therefore need, by the social contract,
to surrender our natural freedom in order to create an orderly
society. His philosophy is nowadays regarded as somewhat
authoritarian, placing order above justice. In particular, his
theory – indeed, his self-confessed purpose – is to undermine the
legitimacy of revolutions against even malevolent governments.

including another person’s life. Order is, of course, only one part
of the functions of law story.

Justice
Though the law unquestionably protects order, it has another vital
purpose. In the words of the 20th-century English judge Lord
Denning:
The law as I see it has two great objects: to preserve order and to do
justice; and the two do not always coincide. Those whose training
lies towards order, put certainty before justice; whereas those whose
training lies toward the redress of grievances, put justice before
certainty. The right solution lies in keeping the proper balance

Law

between the two.

The pursuit of justice must lie at the heart of any legal system.
The virtual equation of law with justice has a long history. It
is to be found in the writing of the Greek philosophers, in the
Bible, and in the Roman Emperor Justinian’s codiﬁcation of the
law. The quest for clarity in the analysis of the concept of justice
has, however, not been unproblematic. Both Plato and Aristotle
sought to illuminate its principal features. Indeed, Aristotle’s
approach remains the launching pad for most discussions of
justice. He argues that justice consists in treating equals equally
and ‘unequals’ unequally, in proportion to their inequality.
Acknowledging that the equality implied in justice could be either
arithmetical (based on the identity of the persons concerned)
or geometrical (based on maintaining the same proportion),
Aristotle distinguishes between corrective or commutative justice,
on the one hand, and distributive justice, on the other. The former
is the justice of the courts which is applied in the redress of
crimes or civil wrongs. It requires that all men are to be treated
equally. The latter (distributive justice), he argues, concerns giving
each according to his desert or merit. This, in Aristotle’s view, is
principally the concern of the legislator.
22

In his celebrated book, The Concept of Law, H. L. A. Hart
maintains that the idea of justice:
… consists of two parts: a uniform or constant feature, summarised
in the precept ‘Treat like cases alike’ and a shifting or varying
criterion used in determining when, for any given purpose, cases
are alike or different.

He contends that in the modern world the principle that human
beings are entitled to be treated alike has become so well
established that racial discrimination is usually defended on the
ground that those discriminated against are not ‘fully human’.

Nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign
masters, pain and pleasure. It is for them alone to point out what
we ought to do, as well as to determine what we shall do. On the
one hand the standard of right and wrong, on the other the chain of
causes and effects, are fastened to their throne. … The principle of
utility recognizes this subjection, and assumes it for the foundation
of that system, the object of which is to rear the fabric of felicity by
the hands of reason and of law. Systems which attempt to question
it, deal in sounds instead of sense, in caprice instead of reason, in
darkness instead of light.

To this end, Bentham formulated a ‘feliciﬁc calculus’ by which to
assess the ‘happiness factor’ of any action.
There are numerous competing approaches to the meaning of
justice, including those that echo Hobbes’ social contract. A
modern version is to be found in the important writings of John
Rawls who, in rejecting utilitarianism, advances the idea of justice
23

Law’s roots

An especially inﬂuential theory of justice is utilitarianism, which
is always associated with the famous English philosopher and
law reformer Jeremy Bentham. In his characteristically animated
language:

as fairness which seeks to arrive at objective principles of justice
that would hypothetically be agreed upon by individuals who,
under a veil of ignorance, do not know to which sex, class, religion,
or social position they belong. Each person represents a social
class, but they have no idea whether they are clever or dim, strong
or weak. Nor do they know in which country or in what period
they are living. They possess only certain elementary knowledge
about the laws of science and psychology. In this state of blissful
ignorance, they must unanimously decide upon a contract the
general principles of which will deﬁne the terms under which they
will live as a society. And, in doing so, they are moved by rational
self-interest: each individual seeks those principles which will give
him or her the best chance of attaining his chosen conception of
the good life, whatever that happens to be.

Law

Realism about law
The life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience.
The felt necessities of the time, the prevalent moral and
political theories, intuitions of public policy, avowed or
unconscious, even the prejudices which judges share with
their fellow-men, have a good deal more to do than the
syllogism in determining the rules by which men should
be governed. The law embodies the story of a nation’s
development through many centuries, and it cannot be dealt
with as if it contained only the axioms and corollaries of a
book of mathematics.
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, The Common Law, 1

Justice is unlikely to be attained by a legal system unless its rules
are, as far as possible, reasonable, general, equal, predictable,
and certain. None of these objectives can be achieved in absolute
terms; they are ideals. So, for example, the law can never be
utterly certain. Occasionally the facts of a case are obscure and
24

difﬁcult to discover. Similarly, the law itself may not be easy to
establish – especially for the non-lawyer faced with a profusion of
statutes, decisions of the courts, by-laws, and so on. The Internet
has rendered the task of ﬁnding the law slightly easier, but, in the
face of an escalating spate of legal sources, it remains a formidable
challenge. The maxim ‘hard cases make bad law’ expresses the
important principle that is better that the law be certain than that
it be bent to accommodate an unusual case.

In a just or nearly just society, few obstacles beset the path of
the judge who, in a general sense, seeks to advance the cause of
justice. Heroism is rarely required. Where injustice pervades the
legal system, however, the role of judge assumes a considerably
more intractable form. How could a decent, moral, fair-minded
person in a society such as Nazi Germany or apartheid South
Africa square his conscience with his calling? This moral
quandary is perhaps encountered also by ordinary individuals
who inhabit an unjust society. Should the fact that the judge is a
public ofﬁcial distinguish him from others who participate in the
legal system or who simply derive beneﬁt from its injustice? Are
there compelling reasons for morally differentiating judges from
others, particularly lawyers? The honourable judge attempts to do
justice when he can, admitting that his autonomy is curtailed in
several major areas of the law. But is a conscientious lawyer not in
the same boat? He strives to do good, often at great personal cost,
within the strictures of the legal system. He too lends legitimacy
to the system. Is the moral dilemma not the same?
25

Law’s roots

Justice requires more than just laws; the process whereby justice
is attained must be a fair one. This entails, ﬁrst, an impartial,
independent judicial system (discussed in Chapter 5). Second,
there must be a competent and independent legal profession
(also discussed in Chapter 5). Third, procedural justice is a vital
ingredient of a just legal system. This necessitates, amongst other
things, access to legal advice, assistance, and representation, and
the guarantee of a fair trial (discussed in Chapter 4).

Law

There are no simple answers to this sort of predicament.
Institutionally, judges differ from lawyers: they are ofﬁcers
appointed or elected to implement the law. Their legal duty is
plain. Lawyers, on the other hand, are not state ofﬁcials. They
owe a strong duty to their clients. They must, of course, work
within the system, but their responsibility is to utilize the law, not
to dispense justice. They may ﬁnd the law morally repugnant,
but their role within an unjust legal system is easier to justify
than that of the judge. So, for example, lawyers in apartheid
South Africa themselves recognized this distinction, and several
prominent senior lawyers declared that on grounds of conscience
they would decline appointment to the bench. Yet they continued
as lawyers. And, though the temptation to withdraw from the
system was often powerful, many lawyers played a courageous,
sometimes heroic, part in the struggle for justice.
A lawyer may, however, decide that his or her participation in the
legal system serves to legitimate it. This is a perfectly proper moral
response. But it does not follow that the dilemma is therefore
the same as for the state ofﬁcial. This is because of the important
functional differences between the two. In particular, lawyers,
unlike judges, are not concerned exclusively with the forensic
process. Indeed, lawyers do some of their most worthwhile work
when they advise clients of their rights, whether or not litigation
is intended or anticipated (see Chapter 5). Thus, while appearance
before the court may be regarded as a more palpable acceptance of
its legitimacy, advising clients may not.
The law lays down certain ground rules. Murder is wrong. So
is theft. Legal rules against these and other forms of antisocial
behaviour are the most obvious, and the most conspicuous,
instances of legal regulation. Modern governments seek to
persuade us to behave well by means other than compulsion.
Often the carrot replaces the stick. Advertising campaigns,
ofﬁcial websites, and other forms of public relations exercises
exhort us to do X or avoid Y. But by setting standards of conduct,
26

the law remains the most powerful tool in the hands of
the state.
Further, the law establishes a framework within which
unavoidable disputes may be resolved. Courts are the principal
forum for the resolution of conﬂict. Almost every legal system
includes courts or court-like bodies with the power to adjudicate
impartially upon a dispute and, following a recognized procedure,
to issue an authoritative judgment based on the law.
The law facilitates, often even encourages, certain social and
economic arrangements. It provides the rules to enable parties to
enter into the contract of marriage or employment or purchase
and sale. Company law, inheritance law, property law all furnish
the means by which we are able to pursue the countless activities
that constitute social life.

The law seeks also to protect the general well-being of the
community. Instead of individuals being compelled to fend for
themselves, the law oversees or coordinates public services that
would be beyond the capacity of citizens or the private sector to
achieve, such as defence or national security.
Another dimension of the law that has assumed enormous
proportions in recent years is the protection of individual rights.
For example, the law of many countries includes a bill of rights as
a means of seeking to protect individuals against the violation of
an inventory of rights that are considered fundamental. In some
27

Law’s roots

Another major function of the law is the protection of property.
Rules identify who owns what, and this, in turn, determines who
has the strongest right or claim to things. Not only does the law
thereby secure the independence of individuals, it also encourages
them to be more productive and creative (generating new ideas
that may be transformed into intellectual property, protected by
patents and copyright).

cases a bill of rights is constitutionally entrenched. Entrenchment
is a device which protects the bill of rights, placing it beyond the
reach of simple legislative amendment. In other jurisdictions,
rights are less secure when they are safeguarded by ordinary
statutes that may be repealed like any other law. Almost every
Western country (with the conspicuous exception of Australia)
boasts a constitutional or legislative bill of rights.

Law

The sources of law
Unlike manna, the law does not fall from the sky. It springs from
recognized ‘sources’. This reﬂects the idea that in the absence of
some authoritative source, a rule that purports to be a law will not
be accepted as a law. Lawyers therefore speak of ‘authority’. ‘What’,
a judge may ask a lawyer, ‘is your authority for that proposition?’
In reply, the common lawyer is likely to cite either a previous
decision of a court or a statute. A civil lawyer will refer the court to
an article of, say, the civil code. In either case, the existence of an
acknowledged source will be decisive in the formulation of a legal
argument.
In addition to these two conventional sources of law, it is not
uncommon for the writings of legal academics to be recognized
as authoritative sources of law. There are also certain sources that
are, strictly speaking, non-legal, including (though it may be hard
to believe) common sense and moral values.

Legislation
The stereotypical source of law in contemporary legal systems is
the statute enacted by a legislative body that seeks to introduce
new rules, or to amend old ones – generally in the name of reform,
progress, or the alleged improvement of our lives. Legislation
is, however, of quite recent origin. The 20th century witnessed
an eruption of legislative energy by law-makers who frequently
owe their election to a manifesto of promises that presumes the
existence of an unrelenting statutory assembly line. In most
28

advanced societies, it is not easy to think of any sphere of life
untouched by the dedication of legislators to manage what we may
or may not do.
Statutes are rarely a panacea; indeed, they not infrequently
achieve the precise opposite of what their draftsmen
intended. Moreover, language is seldom adequately lucid
or precise not to require interpretation. The words of a
statute are rarely conclusive; they are susceptible of different
construction – especially where lawyers are concerned.
Inevitably, therefore, it falls to judges to construe the meaning of
statutes. And when they do so, they normally create precedents
that provide guidance for courts that may be faced with the
interpretation of the legislation in the future.

A second approach seeks to discover the purpose of the legislation.
In our example, we may conclude that the purpose of the
provision is to secure the peace and quiet of the park. If so, we are
likely to ﬁnd it easier to decide what is the real intention of the
legislation, and hence to distinguish between a car (noisy) and
a bicycle (quiet). This approach also permits judges to consider
29

Law’s roots

A number of technical ‘rules’ have developed to assist judges
to decode the intention of law-makers. A classic example
that demonstrates the various approaches to the legislative
interpretation is a hypothetical statute that prohibits ‘vehicles’
from entering the park. This plainly includes a motor car, but
what about a bicycle? Or a skateboard? One solution is to adopt
the so-called ‘literal’ or ‘textual’ approach which accords the text
in question its ordinary everyday meaning. Thus the deﬁnition
of a ‘vehicle’ would not extend beyond an automobile, a truck, or
a bus; bicycles and skateboards are not, in any ordinary sense,
vehicles. Where, however, the plain meaning gives rise to an
absurd result, its proponents concede that the approach runs
into trouble, and the words or phrases in issue will need to be
interpreted in a manner that avoids obvious illogicality.

Law

the wider purposes of the legal system. Where either the narrow
or broader purpose suggests an interpretation different from the
literal meaning of the language, the purposive approach would
prefer a liberal to a literal interpretation.
It is an approach that holds sway in several jurisdictions. Courts
in the United States routinely scrutinize the legislative history
of statutes in order to resolve ambiguity or conﬁrm their plain
meaning. A similar approach is evident in Canada and Australia.
And under the European Communities Act of 1972, a court is
required to adopt a purposive approach in construing legislation
that implements European Community (EC) law. Indeed, since
EC legislation tends to be drafted along civil law lines – expressed
in fewer words than common law statutes, but with a high degree
of abstraction – a purposive approach is unavoidable, and broad
social and economic objectives are frequently considered by the
courts. The European Court of Justice also tends to favour a
purposive approach.
It is, I think, fair to say, that there is no single ideal approach
to unlock the door to an ideal construction of a statute. Indeed,
there is considerable doubt as to whether the ‘rules’ are, or can
be, uniformly applied. No less a distinguished author on statutory
interpretation than Professor Sir Rupert Cross shared the doubts
expressed by his Oxford pupils:
Each and every pupil told me there were three rules – the
literal rule, the golden rule and the mischief rule, and that the
courts invoke whichever of them is believed to do justice in the
particular case. I had, and still have, my doubts, but what was most
disconcerting was the fact that whatever question I put to pupils or
examinees elicited the same reply. Even if the question was What is
meant by ‘the intention of Parliament?’ or What are the principal
extrinsic aids to interpretation? Back came the answer as of yore:
‘There are three rules of interpretation – the literal rule …’

30

Common law rules of statutory interpretation
The literal rule
If the language of a statute be plain, admitting of only one
meaning, the Legislature must be taken to have meant and
intended what it has plainly expressed, and whatever it has in
clear terms enacted must be enforced though it should lead to
absurd or mischievous results.
Lord Atkinson in Vacher v London Society of Compositors [1913] A.C. 107, 1211

The golden (or purposive) rule

Lord Blackburn in River Wear
Commissioners v Adamson (1877) 2 App Cas 743, 764–5

The mischief rule (or the rule in Heydon’s Case)
In applying the mischief rule, the court is required to ask four
questions: (1) What was the common law before the statute
was passed? (2) What was the defect or mischief for which
the common law did not provide? (3) What remedy did the
legislature intend to provide? (4) What was the true reason
for that remedy?
Heydon’s Case (1584) 3 Co Rep 7a, 7b

31

Law’s roots

[The] golden rule … is that we are to take the whole statute
together, and construe it all together, giving the words their
ordinary signiﬁcation, unless when so applied they produce
an inconsistency, or an absurdity or inconvenience so great
as to convince the Court that the intention could not have
been to use them in their ordinary signiﬁcation, and to justify
the Court in putting on them some other signiﬁcation, which
though less proper, is one which the Court thinks the words
will bear.

Moreover, there are those who cynically contend that the rules
simply justify solutions reached on wholly different grounds.
Another difﬁculty intrinsic to the legislative process is that
law-makers cannot be expected to predict the future. Legislation
designed to achieve a speciﬁc objective may fail when a new
situation arises. This is especially true when innovative technology
materializes to confound the law. Some of the awkward challenges
to the legislation on copyright or pornography posed by the rise of
digital technology and the Internet are discussed in Chapter 6.

Law

Common law
One normally associates the phrase ‘common law’ with English
common law. But common laws, in the sense of laws other than
those particular to a speciﬁc jurisdiction, largely in the form of
legislation, are not peculiar to England and English-speaking
former colonies. Numerous forms of common law have existed,
and endure, in several European legal systems, including France,
Italy, Germany, and Spain. They developed from Roman roots
and achieved their commonality by indigenous reception instead
of imposition. In England, however, the judge-driven common
law tended to be deﬁned in jurisdictional and remedial terms.
But though the common laws of Europe (Germany, France) seem
to have transmogriﬁed into national laws, they are not dead.
Despite the advent of codiﬁcation and the doctrine of precedent
these – non-English – common laws, though battered and bruised,
still survive. And they circulate tirelessly through the veins of
various legal systems.
In respect of the common law of England – and those many
countries to which it has been exported – previous decisions of
courts (judicial precedents) are a fundamental source of law.
The doctrine of precedent stipulates that the reasoning deployed
by courts in earlier cases is normally binding on courts who
subsequently hear similar cases. The idea is based on the principle
32

‘stare decisis’ (‘let the decision stand’). It is, of course, designed
to promote the stability and predictability of the law, as well as
ensuring that like cases are, as far as possible, treated alike.
Every common law jurisdiction has its distinctive hierarchy of
courts, and the doctrine of precedent requires courts to follow
the decisions of courts higher up the totem pole. In doing so,
however, the lower court need follow only the reasoning
employed by the higher tribunal in reaching its decision – the
so-called ratio decidendi. Any other statements made by the
judges are not binding: they are ‘things said by the way’ (obiter
dicta). For example, a judge may give his opinion on the case,
which is not relevant to the material facts. Or she may pontiﬁcate
on the social context in which the case arose. In neither case need
a subsequent judge regard these utterances as anything more than
persuasive.

The notion that previous decisions (often ancient) should
determine the outcome of contemporary cases is occasionally
ridiculed. Most famously, Jeremy Bentham stigmatized the
doctrine of precedent as ‘dog law’:
Whenever your dog does anything you want to break him of, you
wait till he does it, and then beat him for it. This is the way you
make laws for your dog: and this is the way the judges make law for
you and me. … [T]he more antique the precedent – that is to say, the
more barbarous, inexperienced, and prejudice-led the race of men,
33

Law’s roots

Discerning the ratio decidendi of a case is not infrequently an
arduous journey through an impenetrable thicket. Judgments
may be long and convoluted. Where the court consists of several
judges, each may adduce different reasons to arrive at the same
conclusion. Though judges and academics have supplied various
road maps, there is no easy route. No simple formula is available
to uncover the binding chunk of the judgment. As with much in
life, it requires practice and experience.

by and among whom the precedent was set – the more unlike that
the same past state of things … is the present state of things.

It is frequently assumed that continental systems of law do not
employ an equivalent doctrine of precedent under which judges
are bound to follow decisions of a higher court. This is mistaken.
In practice, a judgment of the French Cour de Cassation or the
German Bundesgerichtshof will be followed by lower courts no less
than the judgment of a common law court of appeal.

Law

Other sources
In a perfect world the law would be clear, certain, and
comprehensible. The reality is some way from this Utopian vision.
Law in all jurisdictions is a dynamic organism subject to the
vicissitudes of social, political, and moral values. One inﬂuential
foundation of moral ideas has already been mentioned: natural
law, the ancient philosophy that continues to shape the teachings
of the Roman Catholic Church. As we saw, it proceeds from the
assumption that there are principles that exist in the natural
world that we, as rational beings, are capable of discovering by the
exercise of reason. For instance, abortion is regarded as immoral
on the ground that it offends natural law’s respect for life.
In spite of the caricature of law, lawyers, and courts existing in
an artiﬁcial, hermetically sealed bubble, judges do reach out into
the real world and take account of public opinion. Indeed, on
occasion courts respond with unseemly alacrity, such as when the
media laments the alleged leniency of judges in a certain case or in
respect of a particularly egregious offence. Judges may react rashly
(dare one say injudiciously?) by ﬂexing their sentencing muscles
apparently to placate perceived public opinion.
More prudently, perhaps, courts, much to the gratiﬁcation of
academic lawyers, increasingly cite their scholarly colleagues’
views as expressed in textbooks and learned journals. To be
34

quoted in a judgment is recognition, not only that one’s works are
actually read, but also that they carry some weight.
In the absence of direct authority on a point of law, courts may
even permit lawyers to refer to ‘common sense’ to support an
argument. This might include widely accepted notions of right
and wrong, generalizations about social practices, fairness,
perceptions of the law, and other common conceptions that cynics
occasionally represent as foreign to the legal process.

Law’s roots

35

Chapter 2
Law’s branches

The abundant branches of the law perpetually proliferate. As
social life is transformed, the law is rarely far behind – to invent
and deﬁne new concepts and rules, and to resolve the disputes
that inevitably arise. Thus our brave new legal world continues
to usher in novel subjects: space law, sports law, sex law. At
the core of most legal systems, however, are the fundamental
disciplines that hark back to the roots of law: the law of contract,
tort, criminal law, and the law of property. To that nucleus must
be added a horde of disciplines, including constitutional and
administrative law, family law, public and private international
law, environmental law, company law, commercial law, the law
of evidence, succession, insurance law, labour law, intellectual
property law, tax law, securities law, banking law, maritime law,
welfare law, human rights law. To facilitate criminal and civil trials
and other practical matters (such as the conveyance of land, the
drafting of wills), complex rules of procedure have developed,
spawning their own subcategories.

Public and private law
The distinction between public and private law is fundamental,
especially to the civil law systems of Continental Europe and
its former colonies. Though there is no general agreement as to
precisely how or where the line should be drawn, it is fair to say
36

that public law governs the relationship between citizen and state,
while private law concerns that between individuals or groups
in society. Thus, constitutional and administrative law is the
archetypal example of public law, while the law of contract is one
of many limbs of private law. Criminal law, since it largely involves
prosecutions by the state against offenders, belongs also under the
umbrella of public law. (All three branches are described below.)
As the state intrudes more and more into our lives, however, the
boundary between public and private law grows ever fuzzier.

Contract

One of the hallmarks of a free society is the autonomy it affords
its members to strike the bargains of their choice, provided they
do not harm others. Freedom of contract may be defended also
on utilitarian grounds: by enforcing contracts in accordance
with the value placed on things by the market, resources – goods
and services – may be bought by those who place the highest
value upon them. It is sometimes claimed that this yields a just
distribution of scarce resources.
Those who champion the free market consider individuals to be
the best judges of their welfare. In the 19th century – especially in
England – the law of contract, as the facilitator of the optimum
relations of exchange, was developed to a high degree of
sophistication (some would say mystiﬁcation) in pursuit of this
cardinal value of commercial and industrial life. It is certainly
true that business is unimaginable without rules of contract,
37

Law’s branches

Agreements are an indispensable element of social life. When you
agree to meet me for a drink, borrow a book, or give me a lift to
work, we have entered into an agreement. But the law will not
compel you to turn up at the bar, return my book, or pick me up in
your car. These social arrangements, while their breach may cause
considerable inconvenience, distress, and even expense, fall short
of a contract as understood by most legal systems.

Law

but there is an inevitable inequality of bargaining power in any
society. In theory, my contract with the electricity company that
supplies power to my home regards both parties as being on
an equal footing. But this is simply not the case. I am hardly in
a position to haggle over the terms of the agreement which is
inexorably a standard form contract. A featherweight is engaged
in a contest with a squad of heavyweights. The law therefore
tempers the hardship of so-called ‘unfair’ terms by consumer
legislation and other institutional means that attempt to redress
the balance by, for instance, empowering courts to disallow
unconscionable clauses and permitting them to enforce only
‘reasonable’ terms.
In order to constitute a binding contract, the law normally
requires that the parties to the agreement actually intend to create
legal relations. Breaking a promise is almost always regarded as
immoral, yet it results in legal consequences only where certain
requirements are satisﬁed, though in certain civil law countries
(such as France, Germany, and Holland) a person may be held
liable – even before his offer is accepted – for failing to negotiate
in good faith.
The common law notionally dissects agreement into an offer by
one party and an acceptance of that offer by the other. By making
an offer the ‘offeror’ expresses – by word, speech, fax, email, or
even by conduct – his readiness to be bound in contract when
it is accepted by the person to whom the offer is addressed, the
‘offeree’. Thus Adam advertises his car for sale for $1,000. Eve
offers him $600. Adam replies that he will accept $700. This is
a counter-offer, which Eve is obviously free to accept or reject.
Should she accept, there is agreement and, provided the other
legal requirements are satisﬁed, a binding contract. This analysis
is a helpful method by which to determine whether agreement has
actually taken place, but it is rather artiﬁcial; it is often difﬁcult
to say who the offeror is and who the offeree is. For example, ﬁnal
agreement may be preceded by protracted negotiations involving
38

numerous proposals and counter-proposals by the parties. To
describe the process as constituting offer and acceptance is
something of a ﬁction.

The common law requires evidence not only of a serious intention
to be legally bound, but also what is known as ‘consideration’,
a concept absent from civil law systems. Consideration is the
bargain element of the agreement: each party stands to gain
something from the agreement – otherwise they would not have
entered into it. These elements are illustrated by the classic case
of Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Company in 1892. The Carbolic
Smoke Ball Company advertised its product – a smoke ball that
it claimed would protect the user from contracting inﬂuenza. It
undertook to pay £100 to anyone who, after using the apparatus,
caught the ’ﬂu. The advertisement included the following
statement:
£100 reward will be paid by the Carbolic Smoke Ball Company to
any person who contracts the increasing epidemic inﬂuenza, colds
or any disease caused by taking cold, after having used the ball
three times daily for two weeks according to the printed directions
39

Law’s branches

Hundreds of cases have grappled with factual situations that do
not ﬁt neatly into an offer-and-acceptance paradigm. There is also
the recurring difﬁculty of the extent to which, if at all, an offeror
should be bound by his offer. The common law stipulates that
until you accept my offer I am at liberty to withdraw it. German,
Swiss, Greek, Austrian, and Portuguese law, on the other hand,
provide that I am bound by my offer; I cannot simply revoke it
with impunity. A purported withdrawal has no legal effect. French
and Italian law adopts an intermediate position. The Italian Civil
Code provides that an offer may not be revoked before the expiry
of a speciﬁed period. If no period is speciﬁed in the offer, it may
be withdrawn until acceptance. But if the offeree has relied on the
offer in good faith, he may claim damages for his loss in preparing
to perform his side of the bargain.

Law

5. Despite the promises made by the company, Mrs Carlill, having
bought and used the company’s smoke ball according to the
instructions, nevertheless contracted inﬂuenza. This legendary
19th-century English case established some of the fundamental
conditions for the formation of a valid contract

supplied with each ball. £1000 is deposited with the Alliance Bank,
Regent Street, shewing our sincerity in the matter.

Mrs Carlill, relying on this promise, purchased a ball and used
it according to the instructions. She nevertheless contracted
inﬂuenza. The company claimed that there was no enforceable
contract between it and Mrs Carlill since their offer had not
been accepted – she had not informed the company that
she had accepted its offer. Nor, they argued, was there any
consideration because the company had not received any
beneﬁt from a purchaser’s use of the smoke ball once it had
been sold. Both arguments were rejected by the court. It held
that the advertisement constituted an offer of a unilateral
contract between the company and anyone who, having seen the
40

advertisement, acted on it. (Normally, contracts are bilateral:
they involve an exchange of promises between two parties.) In
this case, however, since Mrs Carlill had satisﬁed the conditions,
she was entitled to enforcement of the contract. Informing the
company that she had used the ball formed part of the acceptance.
Moreover, by depositing £1000 in the bank to ‘show their
sincerity in the matter’ the company was plainly making a serious
offer. In respect of consideration, the court ruled that Mrs Carlill’s
conduct constituted consideration for the promise to pay her the
£100 reward.

In their general approach to contracts, there is unquestionably a
divergence between the major systems of law. The common law is
normally regarded as pragmatic and business-oriented, while the
civil law tends to be more moralistic. It is nevertheless possible to
postulate a number of general principles that are accepted, to a
greater or lesser extent, by both legal systems.
It is usually the case that social agreements are not binding. As
described above, our agreement to meet for a drink lacks the
necessary intention to be bound in law. Nor will a court allow
me to recover the expenses I incurred travelling to the bar
where you promised you would be waiting for me. The common
law, as we saw, requires also that, in return for a promise, the
promisee must give ‘consideration’. This may lead to absurd or
unjust consequences. For example, in a famous English case, two
sailors jumped ship. The captain was unable to replace them so
he promised the rest of the crew more money, but reneged on
his undertaking. The sailors lost their claim for the extra wages
41

Law’s branches

Thus I agree to sell you my car; I stand to gain the purchase price
and you, the ownership of the vehicle. If I ignore my agreement
with you and sell my car to someone else, you may invoke the
law to obtain a remedy – because you relied on my keeping my
promise. This is known as breach of contract, which is discussed
below.

because they were already bound by their contract to assume extra
duties on board. They had given no new consideration in return
for the captain’s promise to increase their pay. Various technical
means have been devised by courts, especially in the United
States, to avoid this sort of injustice.

Law

The parties must have the capacity to enter into a contract.
Though they differ in detail, all legal systems control the extent
to which their members have the competence to enter into
contractual relations. In particular, the young (minors) or those
afﬂicted by mental or other impairments of their rational faculties
are generally regarded as incapable of binding themselves
contractually.
Contrary to the popular myth, a contract does not generally need
to be in writing. Apart from certain contracts (the sale of land
is the most conspicuous example), no formality is required to
bind the parties. An oral agreement is generally no less binding
than a written one, though, as we have seen, the common law
requires evidence of consideration in return for a promise.
Increasing government paternalism – in the name of consumer
protection – has, however, generated a rise in the number of
formalities, including written, or more usually, printed contracts
required by legislation.
Certain ‘contracts’ are void because they offend ‘public policy’.
The concept of freedom of contract notwithstanding, the law will
not countenance agreements that seek to use the law to achieve
immoral or unlawful objectives. They are likely to be struck
down by courts as void. But social mores rarely stand still; what
was considered immoral a century ago appears tame in today’s
permissive circumstances. For example, German courts would
once routinely negate a lease of premises for use as a brothel.
Mistake, misrepresentation, or duress may render a contract
voidable. This is because there is, in effect, no genuine agreement.
42

Under certain circumstances, therefore, the law may allow
me to void the contract where there has been a mistake,
misrepresentation, duress, or undue inﬂuence. For example,
if I am mistaken as to the subject of the contract (I thought
I was buying a Ferrari, you were, in fact, selling a Ford), or
you have misrepresented the Ford as a Ferrari, or you forced
me into the sale, I have defences to your claim that I should
perform my side of the agreement, and if I can show that there
has been, say, fraudulent misrepresentation, the contract may be
vitiated.

These thorny questions have spawned a plethora of intricate
judicial analysis in all the major legal systems. The solutions
differ, occasionally signiﬁcantly, but typically where a party’s
breach is completely outside of his control – natural disasters
offer the best example – he may be released from his contractual
obligations.
43

Law’s branches

A court may award damages for breach of contract. Should I fail
to perform my obligations under a contract, you may sue me to
recover compensation or, in a limited number of cases, compel me
to carry out my side of the bargain. If, however, I can show that
circumstances have rendered performance impossible or that the
purpose of the contract has been frustrated, I may escape liability
for breach of contract. Suppose I agree to rent you my villa for
a week. You arrive at the door and I refuse to allow you to enter.
I appear to have breached our contract and you may want to
obtain compensation. But how much? Should the law attempt to
place you in the position you were in before you entered into the
contract with me? Or should it seek to restore you to the position
you would have been in if the contract had been carried out? Or
should I simply be required to return the deposit I took from you
in order to secure your booking? What if I refused you access
to the villa because a storm had rendered the electricity supply
unsafe? Would it make a difference if the storm occurred a month
ago or only yesterday?

Law

Tort
Torts (or delicts, as they are called in Continental legal systems)
are civil wrongs; they include injuries to my person, property,
reputation, privacy, even my peace of mind. Like the law of
contract, the law of tort provides victims (or ‘plaintiffs’) with
the right to obtain compensation for their loss. Unlike contract,
however, which has as its principal goal the keeping of promises,
tort law protects a wide range of interests. The law provides
remedies, pre-emptive and compensatory, for conduct that causes
harm either intentionally or negligently. The latter have become
the principal focus of modern tort law. Accidents will happen,
but where they are the consequence of your negligence, I may be
able to recover damages to recompense my loss. So, for example,
should you run me over in your car, and I can prove that you were
driving negligently, I may be awarded damages to cover the cost of
my hospital treatment, the money I lost through being away from
work, and my pain and suffering.
To succeed, the plaintiff normally has to prove that the wrong was
done intentionally or negligently. Most torts are actionable only
when they have caused actual injury or damage, though certain
torts whose principal purpose is to protect rights rather than to
compensate for damage (such as trespass) are actionable without
proof of damage. The defendant (known also as the tortfeasor in
common law systems) is normally the person who is primarily
liable, though according to the rules of vicarious liability, one
person (e.g., an employer) may be held liable for a tort committed
by another person (e.g., an employee).
Torts are sometimes also breaches of contract. For example, the
negligent driver of a bus who causes injury to his passengers has
committed both the tort of negligence and a breach of the contract
to carry the passengers safely to their destinations. They may
recover damages either in tort or for breach of contract, or both.

44

The bus driver may also have committed a crime (e.g., dangerous
driving).

Comparable judicial trepidation attends the question of emotional
distress. Where the injury consists of psychiatric illness as a result
of physical harm, the courts look for some degree of ‘proximity’
between the plaintiff and the victim. The complexity of this
calculation is tragically illustrated by a House of Lords decision
in 1992. A crush in a sports stadium resulted in the death of
95 football fans, and more than 400 were injured. The police
acknowledged their negligence in allowing too many spectators
into an already overcrowded ground. The match was to have
been televised live. In the event, vivid images of the disaster were
broadcast. The disturbing pictures were seen by some of the
plaintiffs who knew that their friends or family were present in the
stadium. Two of the plaintiffs were spectators in the ground, but
not in the stands where the disaster occurred; the other plaintiffs

45

Law’s branches

While the protection of the interests in property and bodily
security are reasonably straightforward, the courts of many
jurisdictions have encountered difﬁculties when it comes to
compensating victims whose loss is not physical, but either
purely economic or emotional. Suppose, as occurred in an
English case, the defendants negligently damage an electrical
cable while carrying out construction work near the plaintiff ’s
factory. As a result, the production is severely harmed and the
plaintiff suffers ﬁnancial loss. The physical loss (the damage to
the materials) was clearly recoverable, but since the cable was
not the plaintiff ’s property the loss was ‘purely economic’. Can
he recoup it? The common law, after some twists and turns by
English courts, answers in the negative. The fear seems to be that
allowing recovery will open the ﬂoodgates of litigation, a frequent
concern expressed by judges, especially in England. In France,
on the other hand, no distinction is drawn between physical and
economic loss.

learned of the disaster through radio or television broadcasts.
All the plaintiffs lost, or feared they might have lost, a relative or
friend in the calamity. They failed in their claim for compensation
for emotional distress because they did not satisfy one or other
of the control mechanisms used by the law when damages for
psychiatric injury are claimed by plaintiffs who were not directly
threatened by the accident but learned of it through sight or
hearing. These limiting factors are:
1. There must be a close tie of love and affection between the plaintiff
and the victim. 2. The plaintiff must have been present at the accident
or its immediate aftermath. 3. The psychiatric injury must have
been caused by direct perception of the accident or its immediate

Law

aftermath and not by hearing about it from somebody else.

This requirement of ‘proximity’, as well as the other tests, have
attracted considerable criticism, and calls for reform of the law in
some jurisdictions. Problems also arise in circumstances where
the injury falls short of a recognized mental afﬂiction, and consists
of the grief and distress that normally attends the loss of or injury
to a loved one.
The law of tort not only attempts to recompense victims, it seeks
also to deter persons from engaging in conduct that may injure
others. Furthermore, it is said to ‘shift’ or ‘distribute’ the losses
incurred in the case of negligent injury. To put the matter simply,
where you are at fault in causing my injury, the law shifts the
loss to you. Why should I have to bear the loss that you have
negligently caused? You will see at once that this apparently facile
question conceals a host of difﬁcult issues about the nature of
negligence: what is ‘fault’, what constitutes a ‘cause’, and so on.
In the modern world dominated by insurance, the issue tends to
alter from blame to burden: instead of asking ‘who is at fault?’ the
question becomes ‘who can best bear the cost?’ And the answer
is often the insurance company, with whom there is normally a
compulsory liability insurance policy.
46

The common law of torts is a veritable cornucopia of wrongs,
including trespass to land, trespass to person (which includes
assault and battery), nuisance, defamation, breach of statutory
duty, and strict liability. But, as mentioned, in practice they are
eclipsed by the tort of negligence, which is based on the fault
principle. The plaintiff must prove that the defendant owed him
a duty of care which was breached by his failure to live up to the
standard of ‘the reasonable man’, thereby causing the plaintiff
injury or damage.

The rule that you are to love your neighbour becomes in law you
must not injure your neighbour; and the lawyer’s question: Who is
my neighbour? receives a restricted reply. You must take reasonable
47

Law’s branches

Each of these three elements requires brief elaboration. The
duty of care was vividly encapsulated in one of the most
celebrated judicial pronouncements in all of the common law.
In the landmark case of Donoghue v Stevenson, Mrs Donoghue
complained of ﬁnding a snail in a ginger beer bottle, but the
judgment was considerably more portentous. The precise facts of
the case have never been clearly established, but it appears that
Mrs Donoghue accompanied her friend to a café in the Scottish
town of Paisley. Her friend ordered drinks. The café owner
poured some of the contents of a bottle of ginger beer into a glass
containing ice cream. Mrs Donoghue drank some of the contents
and her friend lifted the bottle to pour the remainder of the ginger
beer into the glass. Allegedly, a decomposed snail ﬂoated out of
the bottle into the glass. Mrs Donoghue subsequently complained
of stomach pain, and her doctor diagnosed her as having
gastro-enteritis. She also claimed to have suffered emotional
distress as a result of the incident. The law of tort did not then
permit her to sue the café owner. Nevertheless, the House of Lords
held that a plaintiff in the position of Mrs Donoghue was owed a
duty of care by a manufacturer like Stevenson who had made the
ginger beer. Drawing on the biblical injunction that one has a duty
to love one’s neighbour, Lord Atkin famously declared:

care to avoid acts or omissions which you can reasonably foresee
would be likely to injure your neighbour. Who, then, in law, is my
neighbour? The answer seems to be – persons who are so closely
and directly affected by my act that I ought reasonably to have them
in contemplation as being so affected when I am directing my mind
to the acts or omissions that are called in question.

Law

In other words, you owe a duty to persons whom it is foreseeable
are likely to be harmed by your conduct.
The standard of care is therefore an objective one: you are judged
by reference to the reasonable man. Thus, for example, an English
court held that the standard of care expected of a learner driver
was the same as any other driver of a motor vehicle. Finally, as
a matter of fact the defendant must cause the plaintiff ’s loss.
The question of causation has exercised the mind of many a
common law judge; concepts such as ‘remoteness of damage’ and
‘proximate cause’ seem frequently to obscure what is ultimately a
policy decision by the court as to what it considers to be fair or in
the best interests of society.
The reasonable man – the hypothetical person against whom a
defendant’s conduct is measured – is often described as ‘the man

The reasonable man
[He is] devoid of any human weakness, with not one single
saving vice, sans prejudice, procrastination, ill-nature,
avarice, and absence of mind, as careful for his own safety
as he is for that of others, this excellent but odious character
stands like a monument in our courts of justice, vainly
appealing to his fellow citizens to order their lives after his
own example.
A. P. Herbert, Uncommon Law (Methuen, 1969), p. 4

48

on the Clapham omnibus’, though in an examination, one of my
students preferred ‘the man on the clapped-out omnibus’.
A similar approach is evident in the equally legendary American
case of MacPherson v Buick Motor Co. in which Justice Cardozo
held that where a manufacturer negligently produces a defective
car that injures the person who purchased it from the dealer, the
manufacturer is liable to that person despite the absence of a
contract between them and the person injured.
The plaintiff in a negligence action is required to prove that the
defendant’s conduct actually caused his injury or damage. It
is often the case, however, that the relationship between cause
and effect is too remote. This question has proved remarkably
complex and has generated a vast body of case law, especially in
England. It is not always clear whether in order to be held liable

In 1947, Judge Learned Hand of the US Court of Appeals
expounded the following algebraic solution to the question of
how far a defendant needs to go to avoid an accident:
B<p×L
B = the burden of precautions required to avoid the accident.
p = the probability that the accident will occur unless the
precautions are taken.
L = the magnitude of the loss that will result if the accident
occurs.
There is negligence when the actor’s burden (B) is less than
the probability (p) of harm, multiplied by the degree of loss
(L). In other words, if the cost of the precautions is lower
than the cost of the accident, the defendant is negligent.

49

Law’s branches

The Learned Hand negligence formula

the defendant must reasonably foresee the precise type of damage
that results from his negligence. Nor is it certain that he will be
held responsible for damage that is more extensive or that occurs
in an atypical manner. The courts tend, on the whole, to decide
these intractable cases on policy grounds.

Law

To the plaintiff ’s claim that the defendant negligently caused his
loss, the defendant may raise a number of defences, including
that the plaintiff voluntarily accepted the risk by, say, accepting a
lift from a seriously drunk driver. Or the defendant might argue
that the plaintiff was himself negligent and therefore contributed
to his injury by failing to notice that the driver was dangerously
inebriated.
Certain special circumstances may, however, dictate that a
defendant be held responsible regardless of whether he or she is
at fault. This is known as ‘strict liability’. The protection of public
health or safety militates against the fault principle, especially
where the defendant is engaged in an inherently dangerous
activity such as the use of explosives. Liability is often perceived
as the price to be paid in return for the proﬁts made by large
corporations that indulge in potentially harmful activities.
The French Civil Code is fairly sweeping in this respect. It imposes
strict liability for the things ‘which one has under one’s control’. A
‘thing’ includes any corporeal object whether it consists of a gas,
a ﬂuid, electric cables, or radioactive materials. Motor vehicles
are things. Italian law renders the driver of a vehicle strictly
liable, unless he did everything possible to avoid the accident. The
German law imposes strict liability on the driver of a vehicle who
causes bodily injury or property damage, as well as on railway,
gas, and electricity companies. The Anglo-American law ﬁnds
the concept of strict liability less congenial, though under the
so-called ‘rule in Rylands v Fletcher’ a defendant who brings onto
his land a source of danger is strictly liable should it ‘escape’ and
cause damage. The rule has been applied, amongst other hazards,
50

to ﬁre, gas, water, chemicals, fumes, electricity, and explosions.
Strict liability may also arise under statute for harm caused by
animals. An employer may also be held strictly liable for the
acts of an employee in the course of his employment (‘vicarious
liability’).
The difﬁculty of proving negligence by manufacturers has led to
the considerable growth, especially in the United States, of a form
of strict liability known as ‘products liability’. The consumer is
rarely able to check whether the car he buys is free of defects. The
law therefore provides that if a product is defective at the time
the defendant put it into circulation, the plaintiff need not prove
negligence.

Product liabilty: the ‘McDonald’s Coffee Case’

A 79-year-old woman, Stella Liebeck, ordered a cup of coffee
from a ‘drive-through’ McDonald’s restaurant. She was in the
passenger’s seat. Her grandson parked the car in order that
she could add cream and sugar to her coffee. She placed the
coffee cup between her knees and pulled the far side of the lid
towards her to remove it. In the process, she spilled the entire
cup of coffee on her lap, causing her third-degree burns that
required a skin graft and two years of follow-up treatment.
She sued McDonald’s for gross negligence, claiming that
they had sold coffee that was ‘unreasonably dangerous’
and ‘defectively manufactured’. She adduced evidence
that McDonald’s required its restaurants to serve coffee at
82–88 degrees Celsius (which would cause a third-degree
burn in 2 to 7 seconds), and argued that that the maximum
temperature at which coffee should be served is 60 degrees

51

Law’s branches

This decision is frequently derided as an example of frivolous
litigation that demeans the law of negligence. The facts may
suggest otherwise.

Celsius. McDonald’s very hot coffee, it was claimed, could
cause third-degree burns requiring a skin graft, in 12 to 15
seconds. McDonald’s argued that it dispensed very hot coffee
from its drive-through windows, because customers normally
wanted to drive away with the coffee; the high temperature
would ensure it stayed hot.

Law

The evidence demonstrated that between 1982 and 1992
the company had received more than 700 complaints of
customers being burned by hot coffee. It had settled claims
arising from scalding injuries for more than $500,000, or
one complaint per 24 million cups of coffee bought.
The jury found McDonald’s 80% liable for the incident and
Mrs Liebeck, 20% liable. The coffee cup contained a warning,
but the jury decided that it was inadequate. It awarded her
damages of US$200,000, which was subsequently reduced
by 20% to $160,000. In addition, the jury awarded her $2.7
million in punitive damages (to punish McDonald’s). This
latter sum was reduced by the judge to $480,000. She thus
received a total of $640,000. The decision was appealed by
both parties, but the case was eventually settled out of court
for an undisclosed amount under $600,000.

Another recent, predominantly American, development is the
emergence of so-called ‘mass torts’. These are lawsuits launched
by a large number of plaintiffs (‘class actions’) associated with a
single product. They include product liability claims against, for
example, tobacco companies, for lung cancer caused by smoking,
injuries caused by breast implants, and large-scale, ‘man-made’
disasters, such as aeroplane crashes and explosions at chemical
plants.
The cost, delays, and injustices of the fault principle have
generated deep dissatisfaction with the tort system of
52

compensating accident victims. This has become so widespread
and pervasive that cynicism greets the attempts by the rapidly
declining number of fault-based stalwarts who attempt to
defend its continuation. The only members of society who
proﬁt from the system, it is charged, are the lawyers. Some
jurisdictions (notably New Zealand and Quebec) have
introduced comprehensive systems of no-fault insurance under
which the law of tort is abolished for personal injury caused by
accident. Victims of accidents are compensated from special funds
created for this purpose. Detractors question the consequence of
this muniﬁcence on the deterrent effect of a fault-based system,
though it is widely acknowledged that, especially in the case of
trafﬁc accidents, compulsory insurance policies are the death knell
of tort law.

The test is an objective one; the fact that the defendant did not
intend to defame the plaintiff is not a relevant consideration. Nor
does it matter that he was unaware of the circumstances which
rendered an apparently innocuous statement defamatory, or that
the statement is not believed to be true by anyone who reads it.
The defendant may be held liable for the repetition of defamatory
statements where he authorizes or intends such repetition, but, as
a general rule, he is not liable for unauthorized repetition unless
the person to whom it was published was under a duty to repeat
it. Therefore in the case of a book, several publications normally
53

Law’s branches

In addition to wrongs committed negligently, the law recognizes
a number of intentional torts or delicts. Among them is the civil
wrong of defamation. The classic (rather technical) deﬁnition of
the common law tort of defamation is that the wrong consists in
publishing a false statement about the plaintiff which tends to
lower him or her in the estimation of right-thinking members of
the community generally, or which tends to cause him or her to
be shunned or avoided, or which bring him or her into hatred,
ridicule, or contempt, or which tend to discredit him or her in his
or her trade or profession.

Law

occur: the author to the publisher; the author and publisher
jointly to the printer; by the author, publisher, and printer jointly
to the distributor; and so on. Each repetition is a new publication
which gives rise to a new course of action. The law does, however,
distinguish between those who are mere distributors, on the one
hand, and those who take an active part in the production of the
work, on the other. Similar questions may arise in respect of the
publishing of a libel on the Internet.
There are four main defences to an action for defamation.
First is the defence of justiﬁcation (or ‘truth’). Acknowledging
the signiﬁcance of free speech, the law provides that it is a
complete answer to an action for defamation for the defendant
to prove that the statement he published is substantially true.
Second, the defence of absolute privilege protects defamatory
statements when made in the course of legislative, judicial,
and other ofﬁcial proceedings. Third, the defence of qualiﬁed
privilege obtains in circumstances where the defendant has a
duty (legal, social, or moral) to make a statement to a person
who has a corresponding interest or duty to receive it, i.e., where
the publisher and those to whom the publication is made have a
common interest in the data concerned. The defence extends to
fair and accurate reports of legislative and judicial proceedings.
Fourth, there is the defence of fair comment which, in practice,
tends to be the most important. This defence protects honest
expressions of opinion on matters of public interest and is
particularly relevant to the protection of free speech – a fact
recognized by the courts. The comment must be on a matter
of public interest. Matters of public interest have been held to
include the public conduct of persons who hold or seek a public
ofﬁce or position of public trust, the administration of justice,
political and state matters, the management of public institutions,
works of art, public performances, and anything that invites
comment or challenges public attention. But the statement must
be one of opinion not fact. This is a distinction that is easier to
draw in theory than in practice. It must be ‘fair’, that is, it must be
54

based on facts, and supported by those facts; there must be a basis
of fact sufﬁcient to warrant the comment made. The facts upon
which the comment is based must be true. If they are true and the
defendant is honestly expressing his genuine opinion on a subject
of public interest, then it does not matter whether a reasonable
person would hold such an opinion.
The plaintiff may defeat the defence by proving that the defendant
was actuated by malice. It is for the plaintiff to prove malice.
Malice defeats also the defence of qualiﬁed privilege. In respect
of fair comment, malice denotes any improper motive which may
have caused the defendant to make his comment. In this sense,
then, his comment is not an honest expression of his view. As a
general rule, the test is ‘Did the defendant believe the statement to
be true?’

Criminal law
Crime is irresistible – and not only to criminals. It is the
stuff of popular culture. Think of the numerous – mostly
American – movies such as The Godfather, Taxi Driver, Pulp
Fiction, Scarface, Reservoir Dogs, and countless others, or the
55

Law’s branches

Rather than recognizing a separate tort of defamation, civil law
systems protect reputation under the wing of personality rights.
In several respects, the approach in Germany, France, and other
European countries is more stringent than the common law. For
example, the defences such as fair comment and justiﬁcation are
often not available. The free speech provisions of the European
Convention on Human Rights, however, have tempered the
harshness of the law. Most European countries protect the
plaintiff also against ‘insults’, a potentially unlimited area of
liability that has been criticized by the European Court of Human
Rights. On the other hand, while awards of damages tend in
common law courts to be high (sometimes exceptionally so), the
ﬁnes imposed by European courts are relatively triﬂing.

many popular television series portraying various aspects of crime
and its detection, including Law and Order, NYPD Blue, Hill
Street Blues, The Sopranos, to name only a few. We seem to revel
in observing the criminal process unfold.

Law

Typically the criminal law punishes serious forms of antisocial
behaviour: murder, theft, rape, blackmail, robbery, assault, and
battery. Yet governments deploy the law to criminalize a host of
minor forms of misbehaviour relating, in particular, to health and
safety. These ‘regulatory offences’ occupy a sizeable proportion of
modern criminal law. As with the law of tort, the concept of fault
is central to the criminal law. Broadly speaking, most countries
proscribe conduct that generates insecurity, causes offence, and
harms the efﬁcient operation of the government, the economy, or
society in general.
Virtually every system of criminal law requires evidence of
fault – intention or negligence – to convict a person of an offence.
So, for example, the American Model Penal Code deﬁnes a crime
as ‘conduct that unjustiﬁably and inexcusably inﬂicts or threatens
substantial harm to individual or public interests’. Criminal
liability thus has three basic components: conduct, without
justiﬁcation and without excuse. To amount to a crime, ‘conduct’
must inﬂict or threaten substantial harm to individual or public
interests. In sum, therefore, criminal liability requires a person
to engage in conduct that inﬂicts or threatens substantial harm
to individual or public interests without justiﬁcation and without
excuse.
The criterion of ‘harm’ will differ according to the social and
political values of each society, but all agree that conduct that
impairs the security of the community or hurts the physical
well-being or welfare of its members constitutes ‘harm’.
Criminal responsibility normally entails the presence of a guilty
act (the ‘actus reus’) as well as a guilty mind (‘mens rea’). But
56

these prerequisites will not ineluctably condemn the accused,
for he may have one of several defences to excuse his otherwise
criminal behaviour. Suppose I am attacked by a knife-wielding
robber, and in the affray that ensues I slay my assailant. Provided
I use ‘reasonable force’ to defend myself, I am entitled to a
complete acquittal. The defence is, however, unlikely to excuse
me killing to defend my property. Other defences include duress
(where, for example, I am forced at the point of a gun to commit
a crime), mistake (I genuinely believed the umbrella I took was
mine), incapacity (the defendant is a child, too young to form the
requisite mens rea), provocation, and insanity.

The common law requires that in order to convict the defendant
his guilt must be proved ‘beyond reasonable doubt’. Civil cases
(such as an action for breach of contract or a tortious action for
damages) relax the burden to one of ‘a balance of probabilities’.
The situation in respect of criminal trials in civilian legal systems
is broadly the same, though the so-called ‘inquisitorial’ system
obtaining in Continental Europe and other civil jurisdictions is
often misunderstood, and the differences exaggerated.
57

Law’s branches

The traditional offences mentioned above are everywhere crimes,
albeit they are met with varying degrees of severity or form of
punishment. In addition, society cannot tolerate attacks upon its
own survival; treason, terrorism, and public disorder are therefore
generally criminalized. Nor is the criminal law conﬁned to these
extreme assaults on the community; conduct that offends may
attract the attention of the law where the affront or nuisance
is sufﬁcient: public nudity, excessive noise or odours, and
prostitution are examples of conduct that may cross the threshold.
And there is a tendency for criminal law to be utilized in pursuit
of paternalistic ends. Think, for example, of laws requiring the
wearing of seat belts or crash helmets, or the legislation of most
countries prohibiting the possession of drugs. The ostensible
purpose of these laws is to protect individuals against their own
folly or fragility.

As in tort, liability in the criminal law is occasionally strict, i.e.,
there are offences that can be committed without mens rea.
Similarly, the rationale for this abandonment of fault is the
protection of public welfare, for example, where a factory is
held responsible for industrial pollution – despite the absence of
negligence.

Law

The prosecution must, of course, prove that the defendant did
actually commit the offence with which he has been charged.
Suppose we have a ﬁght and I hit you on the head with a
blunt instrument. You are rushed to hospital, where you are
administered a drug that kills you. Am I guilty of your murder?
Did I cause your death? Were it not for the wound I inﬂicted, you
would not have been in the hospital that negligently administered
the incorrect medication. But it is doubtful that any legal system
would hold me responsible for your death.
Murder in most countries requires proof of the intention to
kill (‘malice aforethought’ in the common law). Legal systems
attempt, in a variety of ways, to classify homicide on the basis of
the mental element involved. So, for example, the United States
and Canada tend to distinguish between different types of killing
that constitute murder. Thus, according to the Canadian Criminal
Code, ﬁrst-degree murder is the intentional, premeditated
killing of another person or in the furtherance of another serious
criminal offence such as robbery. Second-degree murder is the
intentional killing of another person without premeditation (i.e.
killing in the heat of the moment). Thirdly, there is manslaughter,
which is the killing of another person when there is no intent
to kill. Fourth is infanticide – the killing of an infant while the
mother is still recovering from the birth.
While liability for intentional killing is relatively uncontroversial,
death caused by negligence is less straightforward, and the laws of
various jurisdictions adopt different solutions to what is generally

58

regarded as something of a quandary. Some require that the
defendant must have known – subjectively – that his act may kill
someone and that he nevertheless proceeds recklessly despite
the risk. For example, I have been admonished never to point a
loaded weapon at anyone. I ignore the warning, and the riﬂe I
point towards you ﬁres and you are killed. Other jurisdictions lack
this prerequisite of knowledge and impose liability for negligent
killing where the defendant acts with gross negligence. Still others
require only ordinary negligence.

The state, by assuming responsibility for chastising the criminal,
reduces the risk of victims of crime ‘taking the law into their own
hands’. Fourth, by locking up an offender, he is removed from
society, thereby protecting the rest of us. Finally, especially in
the case of minor offences, the criminal may be required to make
amends through ‘community service’. This form of punishment is
then justiﬁed as a form of ‘restorative justice’.

59

Law’s branches

One of the primary functions of the criminal law is to
authorize the punishment of convicted offenders. This may
be justiﬁed on any of a number of (often competing) grounds.
First, punishment is thought, sometimes correctly, to act as
a deterrent both to the convict and to others. Few criminals,
however, imagine they will be apprehended; the effectiveness
of deterrence is thus questionable. Second, there are those who
believe that through punishment, especially imprisonment,
the offender will come to see the error of his ways and emerge
a reformed individual. Unhappily, the evidence in support of
this benevolent attitude is meagre. It is argued, third, that the
real purpose of punishment is retribution or desert: making
the wrongdoer suffer for his crime: ‘an eye for an eye …’. An
extreme example is Islamic Sharia law, under which, according
to most interpretations, the punishment for serious theft is the
amputation of hands or feet (though for ﬁrst offenders only one
hand is cut off ).

Property

Law

Ownership is at the epicentre of social organization. The manner
in which the law deﬁnes and protects this exclusive right is an
important marker of the nature of society. And the law always has
something to say on this subject, whether it is to confer absolute
rights of private property, recognize collective rights, or adopt a
position in between. Speciﬁcally, the law of property determines,
ﬁrst, what counts as ‘property’; second, when a person acquires
an exclusive right to a thing; and, third, the manner in which it
protects this right.
To the ﬁrst question there is general agreement that property
includes land, buildings, and goods. The common law
distinguishes between real property (land as distinct from
personal or movable possessions) and personal property. Civil law
systems distinguish between movable and immovable property.
The former corresponds roughly to personal property, while
immovable property corresponds to real property. But property is
what the law declares it to be: a ten dollar bill is a piece of paper
with no intrinsic value; the law imparts value to it. In a similar
fashion, the law may create property, as it does in the case of
intellectual property (which includes copyright). As the owner
of the copyright in this book, I have a monopoly of various rights
over its copying and reproduction.
The second issue, who is the owner, is generally determined by
discovering who has the strongest long-term right to control the
thing in question. And this right will normally include the right to
transfer ownership to another. In the case of land, however, I may
not know whether the seller is the legal owner. Most legal systems
therefore have some form of public land registration which
enables prospective buyers to establish who the genuine owner is.
Third, the law may be called upon to settle a contest between the
owner and the possessor of a thing. The former is, as we have seen,
60

the person with the strongest long-term claim to the possession of
a thing. But suppose I rent my villa to you for a year. You currently
possess the property, and while I have an ultimate right to possess
it, some legal systems favour the right of the tenant (at least for
the duration of the lease) over the owner; others prefer the owner.

The quality of mercy is not strained
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven
Upon the place beneath. It is twice blest;
It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.
‘Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The thronèd monarch better than his crown.

Among the concepts to emerge from this equitable jurisdiction
was the convenient institution of the trust, which is an
arrangement by which a ‘settlor’ transfers property to one or more
trustees who hold it for the beneﬁt of one or more beneﬁciaries
who have the right to enforce the trust in court.
Equity, rooted in conscience, spawned also a number of important
remedies, including the injunction. This enables a person to
prevent in advance the commission of a legal wrong. For example,
if I learn that you are about to publish an article defamatory of
61

Law’s branches

A signiﬁcant branch of property law is the law of trusts, which
developed out of the division in England between common
law and equity. In the 14th century, dissatisfaction with the
rigidity, corruption, and formalism of the common law led losing
parties to petition the king to compel the other party to observe
moral – rather than strictly legal – principles. The king conveyed
these petitions to the chancellor, the chief administrative ofﬁcial,
who, in time, came to adopt judicial powers, and the idea of equity
was born. The inexorable conﬂict between the strict application
of the law, on the one hand, and the principles of justice and
morality, was well understood by Shakespeare who, in Act IV
Scene 1 of The Merchant of Venice, has Portia declare:

6. Disguised as a young doctor of law, Shakespeare’s Portia in The
Merchant of Venice successfully persuaded the court that, while
Shylock was indeed entitled to his pound of Antonio’s ﬂesh, he was
legally required to remove it without shedding any blood! This nice
legal technicality saved Antonio’s life

The Dickensian Court of Chancery
This is the Court of Chancery, which has its decaying houses
and its blighted lands in every shire, which has its worn-out
lunatic in every madhouse and its dead in every churchyard,
which has its ruined suitor with his slipshod heels and
threadbare dress borrowing and begging through the round
of every man’s acquaintance, which gives to monied might
the means abundantly of wearying out the right, which so
exhausts ﬁnances, patience, courage, hope, so overthrows the
brain and breaks the heart, that there is not an honourable
man among its practitioners who would not give – who does
not often give – the warning, ‘Suffer any wrong that can be
done you rather than come here!’
Charles Dickens, Bleak House, Chapter I

Constitutional and administrative law
Whether or not it is in written form, every country has a
constitution that speciﬁes the composition and functions of the
organs of government, and regulates the relationship between
individuals and the state. Constitutional law analyses the extent
to which the functions of government are distributed between the
legislative, executive, and judicial branches of government: the
63

Law’s branches

me, I may, in several jurisdictions, obtain an urgent injunction
to stop you from doing so. Another equitable remedy is ‘speciﬁc
performance’. The common law allowed only the award of
damages for breach of contract, but often the plaintiff seeks the
performance of the contract rather than compensation. Since the
19th century, equity is applied in the same courts as the common
law, and though the division between the two bodies of law
lingers, equity has lost its mission as the ‘compassionate female’ in
contrast to the common law’s position as the ‘inﬂexible male’.

Law

‘separation of powers’. Many constitutions incorporate a bill of
rights that constrains the exercise of the power of government by
conferring individual rights and freedoms on citizens. Such rights
typically include freedom of speech, conscience, religion, the right
of peaceful assembly, freedom of association, the right of privacy,
equality before and equal protection of law, the right to life, the
right to marry and found a family, freedom of movement, and the
rights of persons charged with or convicted of a criminal offence.
Administrative law governs the exercise of the powers and duties
by public ofﬁcials. In particular, it concerns the control of such
powers by the courts who, in many jurisdictions, increasingly
engage in reviewing the exercise of legislation and administrative
action. This has occurred largely as a consequence of the dramatic
expansion over the last 50 years in the number of government
agencies that regulate vast tracts of our social and economic
lives. It concerns also the review of decisions made by so-called
‘quasi-judicial’ bodies, like professional disciplinary committees
that affect the legal rights of their members. Their rulings are
susceptible to ‘judicial review’ to determine whether they have
acted reasonably.
The precise standard of reasonableness to be applied by the court
differs in various common law jurisdictions. In the United States,
for example, the court asks whether the body’s decision was
‘arbitrary or capricious’ before deciding whether to strike it down.
The Canadian test is one of ‘patent unreasonableness’, while the
Supreme Court of India deploys criteria of proportionality and
legitimate expectation. English law adopts the standard known
as ‘Wednesbury unreasonableness’ (after a case of this name, in
which it was held that a decision would be set aside if it ‘is so
unreasonable that no reasonable authority could ever have come
to it’).
In France, the Conseil Constitutionel exercises exclusive
judicial oversight, including in respect of legislation that
64

fails to attract sufﬁcient parliamentary support. It has
the – unappealable – power to nullify the contested bill. The
supreme courts (Conseil d’état and Cour de Cassation) seek to
interpret the law in a manner consistent with the Constitution.
French administrative law recognizes certain ‘principes à valeur
constitutionnelle’ (principles of constitutional value), including
human dignity, with which the executive must comply, even in
the absence of speciﬁc legislative provisions to that effect. The
German constitution (the Basic Law) guarantees judicial review as
a check on the tyranny of the majority.

Other branches
Family law relates to marriage (and its contemporary equivalents),
divorce, children, child support, adoption, custody, guardianship,
surrogacy, and domestic violence.
Public international law seeks to regulate the relations between
sovereign states. These norms are generated by treaties and
international agreements (such as the Geneva Conventions),
the United Nations, and other international organizations,
including the International Labour Organization, UNESCO,
the World Trade Organization, and the International Monetary
Fund. The International Court of Justice (sometimes called
the World Court), based in The Hague, was established in 1945
under the UN Charter in order to settle legal disputes between
65

Law’s branches

Several civil law countries have special administrative courts.
Difﬁculties tend to arise in respect of determining whether a
matter is one for these courts or belongs more properly in the
ordinary courts. In France, for example, a special Tribunal of
Conﬂicts decides where the matter should be heard, while in
Germany the court in which the case is ﬁrst pleaded determines
whether it has jurisdiction and may transfer cases over which it
denies jurisdiction. In Italy, the Court of Cassation is the ultimate
authority when such conﬂicts arise.

Law

states and to issue advisory opinions on legal matters. The
International Criminal Court was established in 2002 and also
sits at The Hague. It hears prosecutions of alleged perpetrators of
genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of
aggression. More than 100 states are members of the court, but
neither China nor the United States are among them; the latter
expressing reservations about the ability of the court to respect the
constitutional rights of American defendants (including trial by
jury) and the prospect of the politicization of the court – fears that
seem tenuous, and have not troubled the numerous nations that
have recognized the court’s jurisdiction.
Environmental law is a patchwork of common law rules,
legislation, and international agreements and conventions whose
chief concern is to protect the natural environment against the
depredations of humans, such as carbon emissions that cause
pollution and probably global warming. It seeks also to promote
‘sustainable development’.
Company law deals with the ‘ﬂoating’ of corporations and other
business organizations. The concept of ‘corporate personality’
(under which a company has a distinct identity independent of its
members) is of vital importance in the business world. It means
that a company is a legal person with the capacity to enter into
contracts, sue and be sued. Company law stipulates also the rights
and duties of directors and shareholders, and is increasingly
concerned with rules of corporate governance, mergers, and
acquisitions.

66

Chapter 3
Law and morality

Is homosexuality sinful? What’s wrong with abortion? Why is
racism bad? Moral questions of this kind arise inexorably in
almost any legal system. And confronting them is among the
fundamental characteristics of a free society. Moreover, the
language of morals is increasingly employed on the international
stage. When an American president described an ‘axis of evil’
existing between certain nations, he was (probably unconsciously)
presuming a normative yardstick by which to measure the conduct
of states, that, since the formation of the United Nations, is partly
embodied in an expanding anthology of international declarations
and conventions.
Although we cannot easily evade moral question marks, the
identiﬁcation, or even the acknowledgement, of moral values by
which to live, is always contentious. Being or doing good is not
necessarily synonymous with obeying the law, even though the
law, its ideas and its institutions, are often informed by moral
values. It would be strange if it were otherwise.
The relationship between the law and the moral practices (or
‘positive morality’) adopted by society may be represented by
two partially intersecting circles. Where they overlap we ﬁnd a
correspondence between the law and moral values (for example,
murder is both morally and legally prohibited in all societies).
67

Outside the overlapping zone, reside, on the one hand, acts which
are legally wrong, but not necessarily immoral (for example,
exceeding your time on a parking meter) and, on the other,
conduct which is immoral, but not necessarily unlawful (such as
adultery). The greater the intersection, the more likely the law is
to be accepted and respected by members of that society.

Law

In some cases, of course, there will be a conﬂict between the
law and the moral code of certain individuals or groups. So,
for example, a paciﬁst who is required to serve in the military
may be compelled to become a conscientious objector and face
imprisonment as a consequence of his violation of the law.
Similarly, journalists in many countries claim a right not to
disclose their sources. This will not, however, assist them when
they are required to reveal this information as a witness in
a trial.
More extreme is the situation in which the law actually conﬂicts
with the majority’s moral values. In apartheid South Africa,
for instance, the law was used to pursue immoral aims. As the
creation of a white minority, the political system disenfranchised
every black person, and the law discriminated against them in
several important aspects of social and economic life. In such
cases, we may beg to ask whether unjust legislation of this kind
qualiﬁes as ‘law’. Must law be moral? Can anything count
as law?
A celebrated, if somewhat inconclusive, debate between two
leading legal philosophers sought to establish the grounds, if any,
upon which immoral laws may nevertheless be regarded as ‘law’.
At its heart was a decision of a post-war West German court. In
1944, during Nazi rule, a woman who wished to dispose of her
husband denounced him to the Gestapo for insulting remarks
he had made about Hitler’s conduct of the war. The husband
was tried and sentenced to death, though his sentence was
converted to service as a soldier on the Russian front. After the
68

war the wife was prosecuted for procuring her husband’s loss of
liberty. Her defence was that he had committed an offence under
a Nazi statute of 1934. The court nevertheless convicted her on
the ground that the statute under which the husband had been
punished offended the ‘sound conscience and sense of justice of all
decent human beings’.
Professor H. L. A. Hart, Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford,
contended that the decision of the court, and similar cases
pursuant to it, was wrong, because the Nazi law of 1934 was a
formally valid law. Professor Lon Fuller of Harvard Law School,
on the other hand, argued that, since Nazi ‘law’ deviated so
signiﬁcantly from morality, it failed to qualify as law. He therefore
defended the court’s decision, though both jurists express their
preference for the enactment of retroactive legislation under
which the woman could have been prosecuted.

These failures are, Fuller explains, mirrored by eight forms
of ‘legal excellence’ towards which a system of rules may
69

Law and morality

For Fuller, law has an ‘internal morality’. In his view, a legal system
is the purposive human ‘enterprise of subjecting human conduct
to the guidance and control of general rules’. A legal system must
conform to certain procedural standards, or what may appear to
be a legal system is simply the bare exercise of state coercion. This
‘inner morality of law’ consists of eight essential principles, failure
to comply with any one of them, or substantial failure in respect
of several, suggests that ‘law’ does not exist in that society. He
relates the sad tale of a king, Rex, who, to his cost, neglects these
eight principles. He fails to make rules at all, deciding questions
ad hoc. He fails also to publicize the rules. He enacts rules
which are retroactive, difﬁcult to understand, contradictory, and
which require conduct beyond the powers of the affected party.
Moreover, his rules change so frequently that the subject cannot
adjust his action by them. Finally, there is no correspondence
between the rules as announced and their actual administration.

aspire, and which are embodied in the ‘inner morality of law’.
They are generality, promulgation, non-retroactivity, clarity,
non-contradiction, possibility of compliance, constancy,
congruence between declared rule and ofﬁcial action.
Where a system does not conform to any one of these principles,
or fails substantially in respect of several, it could not be said
that ‘law’ existed in that community. Thus, instead of adopting a
substantive natural law approach, Fuller espouses a procedural
natural law approach. The ‘internal morality of law’ is essentially
a ‘morality of aspiration’. Nor does it claim to accomplish any
substantive ends, apart from the excellence of the law itself.

Law

Not the law’s business?
Professor Hart engaged in another important debate on the
relationship between law and morality. This time his adversary
was the English judge Lord Devlin. The so-called Hart/Devlin
debate illuminates certain fundamental aspects of the role of the
law in seeking to enforce morality. It is a classic confrontation
that remains the starting point for any serious discussion of this
subject, not only in Britain but throughout the world.
The catalyst for the debate was a report in 1957 by a British
committee, under the chairmanship of Sir John Wolfenden,
appointed to examine the question of homosexual offences and
prostitution. It concluded that the function of the criminal law
was to preserve public order and decency, to protect citizens
from what is offensive and injurious, and from exploitation
and corruption of others, especially those who are especially
vulnerable: the young, the inexperienced, and the frail. But:
Unless a deliberate attempt is to be made by society, acting through
the agency of the law, to equate the sphere of crime with that of
sin, there must remain a realm of private morality and immorality
which is, in brief and crude terms, not the law’s business.
70

7. A child prodigy (he read Latin and Greek at the age of 8), John
Stuart Mill’s On Liberty is a classic exposition of the concept of
freedom, especially in regard to the limits of state power over the
individual. His ‘harm principle’ continues to animate debates on the
proper reaches of the criminal law in a free society

In arriving at this conclusion (and recommending that both
consensual homosexual acts between adults in private, and
prostitution, should be decriminalized), the Wolfenden
Committee was strongly inﬂuenced by the views of the
19th-century liberal utilitarian John Stuart Mill, who, in 1859,
argued that:
[T]he sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or
collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their
number, is self-protection. The only purpose for which power can
be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community,
against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either

Law

physical or moral, is not a sufﬁcient warrant.

At ﬁrst blush, this ‘harm principle’ as the touchstone by which
to ﬁx the boundaries of the criminal law seems uncomplicated
and attractive. But two immediate difﬁculties arise. First, is the
criminal law not justiﬁed in punishing what another Victorian
utilitarian, Sir James Fitzjames Stephen (uncle of the novelist
Virginia Woolf ), called ‘the grosser forms of vice’? And, second,
who is to say what constitutes ‘harm’?
This pair of problems is the nucleus of the disagreement between
Hart and Devlin. In a series of lectures in 1959, Lord Devlin
took issue with the Wolfenden Committee’s position, arguing
that society has every right to punish conduct that, in the view
of the ordinary member of society (‘the man in the jury box’), is
grossly immoral. Harm, he contended, is irrelevant; the fabric of
society is maintained by a shared morality. This social cohesion is
undermined when immoral acts are committed – even in private,
and even if they harm no one. Societies disintegrate from within,
he contended, more often than they are destroyed by external
forces:
There is disintegration when no common morality is observed
and history shows that the loosening of moral bonds is often the
72

ﬁrst stage of disintegration, so that society is justiﬁed in taking
the same steps to preserve its moral code as it does to preserve
its government … [T]he suppression of vice is as much the law’s
business as the suppression of subversive activities.

Hart does not, however, shrink from supporting a paternalistic
role for the law. Differing with Mill, he acknowledges that
there may be circumstances in which the law ought to protect
individuals from physically harming themselves. The criminal
law may therefore justiﬁably withhold the defence of consent to
homicide and assault. Requiring seat belts in vehicles or crash
helmets to be used by motorcyclists is a legitimate exercise of legal
control.
A key distinction is also drawn by Hart between harm that is
caused by public spectacle, on the one hand, and offence caused
merely through knowledge, on the other. Hence bigamy may
justiﬁably be punished since, as a public act, it may cause offence
to religious sensitivities, whereas private consensual sexual acts
by adults may cause offence – but only through knowledge, and
thus do not justify punishment. Such acts are best dealt with by
73

Law and morality

But, though Lord Devlin concedes that only those acts that cause
‘intolerance, indignation and disgust’ warrant punishment,
Professor Hart challenges the very foundation of his ‘social
cohesion’ argument. Surely, Hart insists, a society does not require
a shared morality; pluralistic, multicultural societies may contain
a variety of moral views. Nor, even if there is a shared morality, is
it obvious that its protection is essential to the survival of society.
In respect of the ﬁrst assertion, it does seem far-fetched to claim
that a society’s foundation is unable to withstand the challenge
of a competing ideology or morality. Is a Western society gravely
wounded by the Islamic prohibition of alcohol espoused by a
signiﬁcant proportion of its inhabitants? Equally, is an Islamic
society unable to withstand the morality of a minority in its
midst?

legislation. In the words of the distinguished English judge Lord
Atkin:
Notoriously there are wide differences of opinion today as to how
far the law ought to punish immoral acts which are not done in
the face of the public. Some think that the law already goes too far,
some that it does not go far enough. Parliament is the proper place,
and I am ﬁrmly of opinion the only proper place, to settle that.
When there is sufﬁcient support from public opinion, Parliament
does not hesitate to intervene. Where Parliament fears to tread it is
not for the courts to rush in.

A similar approach may be required in respect of the following
matter.

Law

A right to life?
Moral questions rarely admit of simple solutions. They frequently
polarize society. The abortion debate in the United States is a
compelling example. Christian groups condemn (occasionally
violently) the practice of abortion, regarding it as murder of
a foetus. Feminists, on the other hand, consider the matter as
fundamental to a woman’s right to control her own body. There is
no apparent middle ground. Ronald Dworkin vividly portrays the
ferocity of the struggle:
The war between anti-abortion groups and their opponents is
America’s new version of the terrible seventeenth-century European
civil wars of religion. Opposing armies march down streets or
pack themselves into protests at abortion clinics, courthouses, and
the White House, screaming at and spitting on and loathing one
another. Abortion is tearing America apart.

At the core of the divisive subject of abortion is the decision of
the United States Supreme Court in 1973 of Roe v Wade in which
the court held, by a majority, that the abortion law of Texas was
74

unconstitutional as a violation of the right to privacy. Under
that law abortion was criminalized, except when performed to
save the pregnant woman’s life. The court held that states may
prohibit abortion to protect the life of the foetus only in the third
trimester. The decision, which has been described as ‘undoubtedly
the best-known case the United States Supreme Court has ever
decided’ is simultaneously embraced by feminists, and denounced
by many Christians. It is the – always vulnerable – slender thread
by which the right of American women to a lawful abortion hangs.
In the abortion debate the sanctity of human life has somehow to
be morally weighed against the right of a woman over her body.
Most European countries have sought to strike this balance by
legislation that permits abortion within speciﬁed periods under
certain prescribed conditions. In Britain, for example, abortion
is lawful if it is certiﬁed by two medical practitioners that to
75

Law and morality

8. The United States Supreme Court 1973 landmark decision in Roe
v Wade continues to excite divisive, often acrimonious, debate. The
court’s ruling that laws against abortion violated the constitutional
right to privacy is generally defended by feminist groups, and
contested by pro-life advocates

Law

continue the pregnancy would involve risk to the life of, or injury
to, the pregnant woman or her existing children, and that the risk
is greater than if the pregnancy were terminated. It is lawful also
if there is a substantial risk that if the child were born it would
suffer serious physical or mental handicap. It is a criminal offence
to terminate a pregnancy when the child is capable of being born
alive. This is normally after 28 weeks. More recent legislation
provides that a pregnancy that has not exceeded 24 weeks may
be terminated where its continuation would involve risk, greater
than if the pregnancy were terminated, of injury to the physical
or mental health of the pregnant woman or any existing children
of her family, but no time limit is imposed where termination
may be necessary to prevent grave permanent injury to the
physical or mental health of the pregnant woman, or risk to her
life, or if there is a substantial risk that if the child were born it
would suffer from such physical or mental abnormalities as to be
seriously handicapped.
In its quest for a conscientious resolution to this complex issue,
each society must appraise its own moral currency. If, as most
humans tend to believe, life is sacred, does a foetus count as a
person capable of suffering harm? If it does, how is ending its life
to be distinguished from the humane killing of a living human?
Should the welfare of the as yet unborn prevail over the distress
suffered by a woman compelled to bear an unwanted pregnancy
or endure the anxiety, cost, and difﬁculty of bringing up a
handicapped child?
Comparable deliberation inevitably attends the equally
daunting issue of euthanasia. Doctors, lawyers, and ultimately
courts perennially wrestle with the contentious question of an
individual’s ‘right to die’. A distinction is usually drawn (not always
convincingly) between active and passive euthanasia. The former
entails the acceleration of a person’s life by a positive act, such as
an injection of potassium chloride. Most legal systems treat this as
murder. The latter involves the shortening of life by an omission
76

Moral inconsistencies?

Richard Dawkins, The Selﬁsh Gene,
30th anniversary edition (OUP, 2006), p. 10

to act: a withdrawal of treatment, which is increasingly accepted
by both the law and the medical profession in many jurisdictions
as humane. But courts have not always found it easy to determine
the lawfulness of withdrawing life support from an incurably or
terminally ill patient who is in a persistent vegetative state (PVS),
unable to make an autonomous decision.
Nor are generalizations easy in respect of either the morality or
lawfulness of ending the life of a patient. There is, for instance,
an important distinction between a patient who is incurable,
and one who is terminally ill. The latter spectrum may range
between incapacity (a fully conscious patient who can breathe
unaided), artiﬁcial support (a fully conscious patient attached
to a ventilator), unconsciousness, to intensive care (where the
77

Law and morality

Killing people outside war is the most seriously-regarded
crime ordinarily committed. The only thing more strongly
forbidden by our culture is eating people (even if they are
already dead). We enjoy eating members of other species,
however. Many of us shrink from judicial execution of even
the most horrible human criminals, while we cheerfully
countenance the shooting without trial of fairly mild animal
pests. Indeed we kill members of other harmless species as a
means of recreation and amusement. A human foetus, with
no more human feeling than an amoeba, enjoys a reverence
and legal protection far in excess of those granted to an adult
chimpanzee. Yet the chimp feels and thinks … and may even
be capable of learning a form of human language. The foetus
belongs to our own species, and is instantly accorded special
privileges and rights because of it.

patient is comatose and is attached to a ventilator). Different
considerations arise in each of these situations.

Law

The complexities provoked when the law encounters thorny
moral questions of this kind suggest that they are not susceptible
to resolution by slogans. ‘The right to die’, ‘autonomy’,
‘self-determination’, or ‘the sanctity of life’ are generously deployed
in these debates, but the law must develop careful, reﬂective
answers that best serve the public interest. Judges may not be
the most appropriate arbiters, but is there an alternative? Two
decisions of the courts (one English, one American) illustrate the
perplexity involved.
The English case arose out of a crush that occurred at a football
stadium in 1989 (see page 45). Anthony Bland sustained hypoxic
brain damage which left him in a persistent vegetative state.
Though his brain stem continued to function, his cerebral cortex
(the seat of consciousness, communicative activity, and voluntary
movement) was destroyed through lack of oxygen, but he was not
‘legally dead’. The judge, Lord Justice Hoffmann (as he then was),
described his wretched state as follows:
He lies in … hospital … fed liquid food by a pump through a tube
passing through his nose and down the back of his throat into
his stomach. His bladder is emptied through a catheter inserted
through his penis, which from time to time has caused infections
requiring dressing and antibiotic treatment. His stiffened joints
have caused his limbs to be rigidly contracted so that his arms are
tightly ﬂexed across his chest and his legs unnaturally contorted.
Reﬂex movements in his throat cause him to vomit and dribble.
Of all of this, and the presence of members of his family who take
turns to visit him, Anthony Bland has no consciousness at all … The
darkness and oblivion … will never depart.

There was no prospect of any improvement in Bland’s condition
that could endure for a substantial period. His doctors applied to
78

the court for permission to withdraw his ventilation, antibiotics,
and artiﬁcial feeding and hydration regime, while continuing
otherwise to treat him so as to allow him to die with dignity and
minimal pain and suffering. The Ofﬁcial Solicitor (who acts for
those under a disability) argued that this would constitute a
breach of the doctor’s duty to his patient, and a criminal offence.

[I]t seems to me to be stretching the concept of personal rights
beyond breaking point to say that Anthony Bland has an interest
in ending these sources of others’ distress. Unlike the conscious
patient he does not know what is happening to his body … The
distressing truth which must not be shirked is that the proposed
conduct is not in the best interests of Anthony Bland, for he has no
best interests of any kind.

This approach seems to echo the stance adopted by several courts
in the United States and Canada. In the celebrated decision of the
United States Supreme Court of Cruzan, for instance (involving a
79

Law and morality

The House of Lords (the United Kingdom’s court of ﬁnal appeal)
regarded the right of self-determination as more important than
the right to life. The doctor should respect his patient’s rights in
that order. This is especially compelling where the patient has,
in anticipation of his succumbing to a condition such as PVS,
expressed his clear wish not to be given medical care, including
artiﬁcial feeding, calculated to keep him alive. But, though all
ﬁve Law Lords agreed that Bland’s life should be allowed to end,
there is no clear consensus in respect of precisely what the law
was or should be. All recognized both the sanctity of life and
the autonomy of the patient, but how were these values to be
reconciled in the absence of an explicit expression of instructions
by Bland? For Lord Goff, the answer lay in protecting the best
interests of the patient. But what interests can an insensate
patient have? Lord Goff thought they consisted partly in the
anguish and stress to others. Lords Keith and Mustill were
doubtful, the latter declaring:

The law in the Netherlands sets out in fairly lucid
terms the conditions that must be satisﬁed before a
doctor is permitted to end a patient’s life.
Doctors involved in voluntary euthanasia or suicide must:
a.

be convinced that the patient’s request was voluntary,
well-considered and lasting
b. be convinced that the patient’s suffering was unremitting
and unbearable
c. have informed the patient of the situation and prospects
d. have reached the conclusion with the patient that there
was no reasonable alternative
e. have consulted at least one other physician
f. have carried out the procedure in a medically appropriate
fashion.

Law

Section 293(2) of the Dutch Criminal Code

patient in a PVS whose parents sought to persuade the court that,
though she had not expressed this in a ‘living will’, their daughter
would not have wanted to continue living), it was held that the
state had an interest in the sanctity, and hence the preservation, of
life. Similarly the state’s interest in preserving life looms large in
the judgments.
In the event, the House of Lords ruled that the withdrawal of
Bland’s nutrition and hydration did not constitute a criminal
offence because any hope of Bland recovering had been
abandoned, and, though the termination of his life was not in
his best interests, his best interests in being kept alive had also
evaporated along with the justiﬁcation for the non-consensual
regime and the duty to maintain it. In the absence of this duty,
the withdrawal of nutrition and hydration was not a criminal
offence.
80

Courts around the world cannot circumvent these distressing
dilemmas. Their burden would be considerably eased by the
existence of a ‘living will’ in which an individual stipulates
something along the lines of the following: ‘If, as a result of
physical or mental incapacity, I become unable to participate
in decisions concerning my medical care and treatment, and
subsequently develop any of the medical conditions described
below (from which two independent physicians certify I have no
reasonable prospect of recovering), I declare that my life should
not be sustained by artiﬁcial means.’

Doing what comes naturally

True law is right reason in agreement with Nature; it is of universal
application, unchanging and everlasting. … It is a sin to try to alter
this law, nor is it allowable to attempt to repeal any part of it, and it
is impossible to abolish it entirely. … [God] is the author of this law,
its promulgator, and its enforcing judge.

Contemporary accounts of natural law owe much to the Catholic
Church, especially the careful works of the Dominican, St Thomas
Aquinas (1225–74), whose principal work Summa Theologiae
contains the most comprehensive statement of Christian doctrine
on the subject. In the 17th century in Europe, the exposition of
complete divisions of the law purported to be based on natural
law. Hugo de Groot (1583–1645), or Grotius as he is commonly
called, is associated with the secularization of natural law. In his
inﬂuential work De Jure Belli ac Pacis, he asserts that even if God
81

Law and morality

Moral questions have, of course, absorbed philosophers since
Aristotle. Theories of natural law have sought to resolve the
conﬂict between what ‘is’ and what ‘ought’ to be. Its fundamental
contention, in simple terms, is that what naturally is, ought to
be. What occurs in nature is good; we should seek to pursue it.
Reproduction is natural; therefore we ought to create offspring.
As Cicero, the Roman lawyer, put it:

did not exist, natural law would have the same content. This was
a signiﬁcant foundation for the emergent discipline of public
international law.

Law

The 18th century saw Sir William Blackstone in England
proclaiming the signiﬁcance of natural law in his Commentaries
on the Laws of England. Blackstone (1723–80) begins his great
work by espousing classical natural law doctrine – as if to
consecrate English law by this appeal to God-given principles, an
attitude that drew the ﬁre of the Utilitarian philosopher and legal
and social reformer Jeremy Bentham (1748–1832), who derided
natural law as ‘a mere work of the fancy’.
Despite his scorn, natural law has been exploited to justify
revolutions – especially the American and the French – on the
ground that the law infringed individuals’ natural rights. The
American Revolution against British colonial rule was founded
on an appeal to the natural rights of all Americans, in the lofty
words of the Declaration of Independence of 1776, to ‘life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness’. As the Declaration puts it, ‘We hold
these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,
that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
rights.’ Equally rousing sentiments were included in the French
Declaration des droits de l’homme et du citoyen of 26 August 1789,
which refers to the ‘natural rights’ of mankind.
And natural law implicitly underpinned the Nuremberg war trials
of Nazi ofﬁcials which established the principle that certain acts
constituted ‘crimes against humanity’ even if they did not violate
particular provisions of the positive law. The judges in these trials
did not appeal explicitly to natural law theory, but their judgments
exemplify an essential acknowledgement of the idea that the law is
not automatically the exclusive criterion of right and wrong.
Our epoch is one of growing public accountability. Or, more
precisely, we now seek to prosecute the perpetrators of genocide
82

and other crimes against humanity, and the impunity enjoyed
by malevolent government ofﬁcials, their collaborators, and
military commanders is gradually being eroded. The recent
establishment of the International Criminal Court (ICC) at The
Hague is a remarkable recognition that evil dictators and their
henchmen should not be allowed go scot-free. Although the
current United States administration has set its face against
the court (principally because of fears both that it would
undermine US sovereignty over judicial matters relating to
American subjects and because its troops might face prosecution),
this may well change under a future president. The court’s
jurisdiction is conﬁned to ‘the most serious crimes of concern
to the international community as a whole’. This includes
crimes against humanity, genocide, war crimes, and crimes of
aggression.
Law and morality

9. The trial and execution of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, while
it established the accountability of rulers who commit atrocities,
attracted criticism on a number of grounds, including the excessive
inﬂuence of the United States, the frequent replacement of judges, and
the attacks on defence lawyers
83

Law

The prosecution of Slobadon Miloševic, the former president of
Yugoslavia, before the International War Crimes Tribunal ended
abruptly in 2006 when the defendant died. He was charged with
genocide in Bosnia-Herzogovina, crimes against humanity in
Croatia, and offences relating to atrocities in Kosovo. The former
prime minister of Rwanda was sentenced to life imprisonment
for genocide and crimes against humanity. The trial in Iraq of
Saddam Hussein resulted in his execution as well as the execution
or imprisonment of several of his cronies.
No serious analysis of law and morals can be conducted without
reference to the concept of individual rights. Moral claims are
regularly transformed into moral rights: individuals assert
their rights to a whole range of goods, including life, work,
health, education, and housing. Peoples assert their right to
self-determination, sovereignty, free trade. In the legal context,
rights have acquired signiﬁcance so profound that they are
sometimes regarded as synonymous with law itself. Declarations
of political rights are often perceived as the trademark of
contemporary democratic statehood. And the inevitable clash
between rival rights is among the distinctive features of a liberal
society.
On the international front, a panoply of human rights conventions
and declarations attest to the strength of rights talk. The United
Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948, and
the International Covenants on Civil and Political Rights, and
on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in 1976, reveal, at
least in theory, a dedication by the international community
to the universal conception and protection of human rights. It
demonstrates a remarkable degree of cross-cultural accord among
nations.

84

Chapter 4
Courts

Judges are the very personiﬁcation of the law. The judicial
function embodies the dispassionate application of
evenhandedness, integrity, and the rule of law. Judges resolve
disputes, punish offenders, and, where there is no jury, determine
guilt. In the more grandiloquent accounts of law and the legal
system, judges are its custodians, guardians of its values: sentinels
of justice and fair play.
But it is especially the judges’ role in criminal trials that excites
public interest. The drama of the law court is irresistible to
novelists, playwrights, as well as ﬁlm and television scriptwriters.
In the English-speaking world, several come instantly to mind.
Dickens’ Bleak House is a splendid example. Albert Camus’ The
Fall, Kafka’s The Trial, and the popular portrayal of the judicial
process in Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird, Scott Turow’s
Presumed Innocent, John Mortimer’s Rumpole of the Bailey
series, and bestseller John Grisham’s novels are other striking
examples. Shakespeare provides an unforgettable representation
of the idea of justice and the forensic process in The Merchant
of Venice. Courtroom dramas on ﬁlm abound. Matinée idols are
often cast as plucky advocates: Gregory Peck in the ﬁlm version of
To Kill a Mockingbird, Paul Newman in The Verdict. And courts
and lawyers are the stuff of many a successful television series, of

85

which Ally McBeal, The Practice, and LA Law are merely recent
instances.

Law

It is easy to see why court proceedings fascinate and entertain.
The theatre of a criminal trial is frequently absorbing. The clash of
lawyers, the uncertain fate of the accused, the lurid evidence – all
excite a voyeuristic curiosity in the presentation. And occasionally
the ﬁctional representation of the judicial process is no less
spectacular than authentic trials which, particularly in the
United States, are often televised live. Where a celebrity is on
trial, cameras in court guarantee an enormous audience of
viewers – the more gruesome the alleged crime, the better. Few
trials, however, achieve this level of vivacity or glamour; they tend
to be dreary and tedious.
While a criminal trial may be enlivened by engaging evidence,
civil trials normally lack this spice. The court is engaged in the
resolution of a dispute. The lawyers who represent the parties seek
to persuade the court of the merits of their case. In a common
law trial one side cites a previous judgment, arguing that the
present case is sufﬁciently similar to the earlier one that it ought
to be followed. The other side seeks to distinguish this precedent
by identifying its subtle differences. This is the essence of legal
reasoning. Should the losing party appeal, the arguments will be
rehearsed before more senior judges.
Judges unquestionably exercise onerous responsibilities:
It is an awesome thing to go forward before the judge and await the
utterances of his decision … He symbolizes the merger of conceptual
justice with organized coercion, the rational human with the mass
brute. In him have been remitted the ideals of his culture and the
power to compel submission. When a citizen stands in court he
feels the immediate impact of that power; it is all assembled and
concentrated there on him.

86

A leading contemporary legal philosopher, Ronald Dworkin,
has memorably remarked that ‘courts are the capitals of law’s
empire, and judges are its princes’. Courts do play a central role
in every legal system. But what precisely is that role? What of
the political function of judges? What of their appointment,
election, and accountability? Is the jury system a valuable element
in the administration of criminal justice, especially in complex
commercial criminal trials? Is the adversarial system of common
law countries superior to the inquisitorial system of civil law
jurisdictions?
The role of judges is fundamental to the common law; the
centrifugal force of the judicial function drives the legal system
both in theory and in practice. And though it may be less
signiﬁcant in the codiﬁed systems of Continental Europe, the
inﬂuence of judges cannot be overstated.

Although this attractive and enduring perception of the judicial
function is regarded by cynics as a myth, no amount of scepticism
can easily dislodge the image of the judge as keeper of the law,
protector and repository of justice. Nor is this to deny that judges
are, like all of us, tainted by personal predilections and political
prejudices. Yet occasionally it is contended that to acknowledge
judicial frailty is, in some sense, subversive, ‘as if judges’, as the

87

Courts

The judge is the archetypal legal institution. In his robed and
exalted independence, he represents the very apotheosis of justice.
The ‘social service’ that he renders to the community is, in the
words of the English judge Lord Devlin, ‘the removal of a sense
of injustice’. The neutrality that informs his judgments in the
settlement of disputes is nothing short of an article of faith in a
free and just society. The dispassionate judge is the quintessence
of a democratic system of government. And the ostensible
delineation between legislation and adjudication is among its
most celebrated hallmarks.

10. A medieval court of law (c. 1450)

illustrious American judge Benjamin Cardozo put it, ‘must lose
respect and conﬁdence by the reminder that they are subject to
human limitations’.

What is the judicial function?
The judicial enterprise lies at the heart of the legal process. In
seeking to unravel the mysteries of how judges decide cases, we
are engaged in a quest for the meaning of law itself: a theory
of what constitutes law is, of necessity, presupposed in the act
of judging, as well as any account of it. The orthodox, so-called
‘positivist’ model perceives law as a system of rules; where there is
no applicable rule or there is a degree of ambiguity or uncertainty,
the judge has a discretion to ﬁll in the gaps in the law.

89

Courts

This view has been persuasively challenged by Ronald Dworkin,
who denies that law consists exclusively of rules. In addition to
rules (which ‘are applicable in an all-or-nothing fashion’), there
are non-rule standards: ‘principles’ and ‘policies’, which, unlike
rules, have ‘the dimension of weight or importance’. A ‘principle’
is ‘a standard that is to be observed, not because it will advance or
secure an economic, political, or social situation …, but because
it is a requirement of justice or fairness or some other dimension
of morality’. A ‘policy’, on the other hand, is ‘that kind of standard
that sets out a goal to be reached, generally an improvement in
some economic, political, or social feature of the community’.
When the judge can ﬁnd no immediately applicable rule, or
where no settled rule dictates a decision, the judge is called upon
to weigh competing principles, which are no less part of the law
for their not being rules. In such ‘hard cases’, since a judge is
not expected to resort to his personal preference in arriving at a
decision, he has, contrary to the positivist view, no real discretion.
There is always one right answer, and it is the judge’s task to
ﬁnd it (in ‘hard cases’) by weighing competing principles and
determining the rights of the parties in the case before him.

This model of adjudication has an obvious appeal to democratic
theory: judges do not legislate; they merely enforce those rights
that have in the main already been enacted by a representative
legislature. Indeed, Dworkin’s thesis springs from a concern to
‘deﬁne and defend a liberal theory of law’ and, in contradistinction
to the positivists, to ‘take rights seriously’. It is principally an
argument from democracy; Dworkin’s concern to eliminate strong
judicial discretion is premised on the offensiveness of judges, who
are generally unelected ofﬁcials unanswerable to the electorate,
wielding legislative or quasi-legislative power.

Law

Are courts the best forum for resolving disputes? Can judges
be genuinely impartial or objective? What is the purpose of a
criminal trial? Are certain courts – such as the United States
Supreme Court – too political? Should judges be elected? Is the
jury system effective and fair? This chapter will attempt to answer
some of these questions.

What is a court?
The ubiquity of conﬂict among humans necessitates some
forum in which they might be amicably resolved. Courts are a
prerequisite of all legal systems. They have power, authority – or
what lawyers called ‘jurisdiction’ – over speciﬁed criminal, civil,
and other matters. This entails that their decisions (which are
ultimately supported by force) are accepted as authoritative by the
parties, who would be unlikely to do so if they did not trust in the
independence and impartiality of the professional judges on the
bench.
Courts err. Judges are not exempt from human frailty, and there
is thus a need for their mistakes to be rectiﬁed. The obvious
injustice of a wrongly convicted defendant is assuaged by granting
him the right of appeal. Equally, the losing party in a civil case
may have legitimate legal grounds upon which to argue that the
trial court was mistaken in its interpretation of the law. Appealing
90

to a higher court requires a hierarchy that distinguishes between
courts ‘of ﬁrst instance’ and appellate courts. Some trial courts
operate with a judge and a jury: juries are responsible for
making ﬁndings of fact under the direction of the judge, who
decides the law. This combination constitutes the judgment of the
court. In other trial courts, both fact and law are decided by the
judge.
Appellate courts in common law jurisdictions review the decisions
of trial courts or of lower appellate courts. Their task is generally
restricted to considering questions of law: did the trial court, for
example, apply and interpret the law correctly? Normally they do
not hear evidence of factual issues, though should new evidence
have emerged, an appeal court may evaluate it in order to
determine whether the case should be remitted to a court of ﬁrst
instance to be retried.

The Continental juge d’instruction is directly involved in the
decision whether to prosecute. The ofﬁce originated in France,
and exists in a number of other European countries, including
Spain, Greece, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, and
Portugal. He is often portrayed as a cross between a prosecutor
and a judge, but this is not strictly accurate, for he does not decide
whether to lay a charge; that is a matter for the public prosecutor,
from whose ofﬁce he is completely independent. His principal
91

Courts

Courts everywhere naturally follow procedures which, in some
countries, have grown bulky and Byzantine. In criminal trials,
these procedures are broadly differentiated on the basis of the
role of the judge. The common law adopts an ‘adversarial’ system,
while civil law countries adopt an ‘inquisitorial’ (or ‘accusatorial’)
system. While this distinction is frequently exaggerated, the two
approaches do differ in a fairly fundamental way. The common
law judge acts as a disinterested umpire who rarely descends into
the dust of the fray. Civil law judges, on the other hand, play a
more active role in the trial.

Law

11. A senior French judge and legal ofﬁcial in their ﬁnery

duty is, as the title implies, to investigate the evidence both for
and against the suspect, whom he has the power to interrogate.
He will also question victims and witnesses. He may visit the
crime scene and attend any post-mortem. In the course of his
investigation, he may authorize detention, grant bail, and order
searches and seizures of evidence.
It is important to note that his job is not to determine the
merits of the case, but to examine the evidence in order to
decide whether the suspect should be charged. If he rules in
the afﬁrmative, the case is transmitted to a trial court with which
he has no connection, and which is not bound to follow his
decision. His function is thus not wholly unlike common
law committal proceedings or the American grand jury, both of
which are designed to screen the evidence to establish whether
it crosses the threshold of chargeability. Though supervised by
a judge, a grand jury is presided over by a prosecutor. It has the
power to subpoena witnesses in pursuit of evidence against the
suspect.
92

Both major systems have their virtues and shortcomings. It is
generally asserted – especially by common lawyers – that the
common law attaches greater signiﬁcance and value to the
presumption of innocence by placing a heavier burden on the
prosecution to prove its case ‘beyond reasonable doubt’. This is
doubtful. A defendant in a French court is afforded essentially
the same rights and protections as one in Florida. All democratic
states recognize the presumption of innocence; indeed, it is a
requirement of Article 6 of the European Convention on Human
Rights which applies to the 46 Council of Europe member states.
Criticism of the adversarial system is not conﬁned to civil lawyers.
The occasionally grotesque conduct of criminal trials, especially
in America, is an embarrassment to common lawyers. The process
sometimes descends into burlesque in which lawyers abuse the
adversarial process and appear to lose sight of the purpose of the
institution. This is particularly evident in high-proﬁle, televised
Courts

12. The acquittal on murder charges of former American football
star O. J. Simpson prompted misgivings about the reliability of the
jury system, especially when, in the view of many, DNA evidence
established unequivocally the defendant’s guilt
93

Right to a fair hearing
All persons shall be equal before the courts and tribunals.
In the determination of any criminal charge against him,
or of his rights and obligations in a suit at law, everyone
shall be entitled to a fair and public hearing by a competent,
independent and impartial tribunal established by law.
Article 14(1) International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

Law

celebrity trials with overpaid lawyers histrionically playing to the
cameras and the jury. Many civil lawyers are also astonished by
the way in which the common law criminal justice system appears
to beneﬁt afﬂuent defendants who are able to afford large legal
teams. The trials of O. J. Simpson and Michael Jackson are only
the most conspicuous recent examples.
Common law prosecutions are generally pursued by way of a
charge or indictment against the defendant in the name of the
government, the state, or, in Britain, the Crown. This normally
follows a preliminary hearing of some kind to determine whether
the prosecution evidence is adequate. To discharge its burden
of proof, the prosecution will call witnesses and present its
evidence against the defendant. The defence may then argue
that there is ‘no case to answer’. If this fails (as it usually does),
witnesses and evidence are presented by the defence. Witnesses
are cross-examined by the opposing counsel, but the defendant
himself has the ‘right of silence’: he need say nothing in his
defence, but should he decide to give evidence, he is required
to submit to cross-examination. In the United States this right
is protected by the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution. Both
sides then present their closing arguments. Where there is a
jury, the judge gives them their instructions. Its members then
deliberate in private. Some jurisdictions require the jury to return
a unanimous verdict, in others a majority sufﬁces.
94

Sentence
If convicted, the defendant is sentenced. This normally occurs
after the court is apprized of his previous criminal record, if
he has one, as well as other information about his character.
Where he faces the prospect of a custodial sentence, reports
may be submitted to the court concerning the defendant’s
background: his education, family, employment history, and so
on. Psychological or medical reports may also be presented, along
with evidence, including witnesses to testify to his unimpeachable
integrity. This may be followed by a moving plea in mitigation of
sentence in which his lawyer attempts to convince the court that
the accused is a victim of the cruel vicissitudes and privations of
life: poverty, manipulation by others, poor parenting, and other
equally powerful forces that were beyond his control and are
where the true responsibility for his crime lies.

It is always open to the convicted defendant to appeal to a higher
court, which does not hear the case again, but peruses the record
of the proceedings in search of any mistakes that could justify a
retrial. In certain circumstances, the prosecution may appeal a
sentence that it considers too lenient.

Civil trials
The disparity between the common and civil law approaches is
less marked in civil trials. French law, however, has come close
to eliminating civil trials: the extensive pre-trial preparation
undertaken by the juge de la mise en état results in the pleadings
95

Courts

Every jurisdiction will, of course, have a different range
of sentences available to a trial court. These may include
imprisonment, a ﬁne, a probation order, a community service
order, or a suspended sentence of imprisonment (the term of
imprisonment is suspended for, say, two years; if he commits an
offence during this period, it may trigger the original sentence).

Law

and evidence being reduced to writing. The lawyers merely
present brief summaries of what the court already has before it.
Moreover, the standard of proof in French civil trials is no lower in
civil cases than it is in criminal trials.
In civil law countries ‘ordinary’ judges preside over ‘ordinary’
courts. Their jurisdiction, broadly speaking, involves the
application of the civil, commercial, and penal codes, and the
legislation that complements the codes. In France, the highest
court in the ordinary court structure is the Cour de Cassation
(Supreme Court of Cassation) which comprises some 100 judges
who sit in six rotating specialized panels (ﬁve civil and one
criminal) and, in certain circumstances, in combined panels
or plenary session. It has discretion to review only questions of
statutory interpretation. Germany has a number of independent
judicial systems, each with its own supreme court. Most civilian
systems also incorporate a group of administrative courts with
separate jurisdiction.
The adversarial system is adopted also in common law civil
trials. Instead of the government or Crown proceeding against
the defendant, an aggrieved plaintiff sues the defendant, usually
for damages, i.e. monetary compensation (for a tort, breach
of contract, or other civil wrong). Both sides are free to call
witnesses, and the rules of evidence are broadly the same as in
criminal trials. An important difference, however, is that whereas,
as we saw, the burden of proof in a criminal trial is ‘beyond
reasonable doubt’, the plaintiff in a civil case need only prove his
case ‘on a balance of probabilities’.

Who are the judges?
Common law judges are, with the conspicuous exception of the
United States, appointed from the ranks of senior barristers, while
European Continental judges are recruited in the style of the
civil service. They are generally recruited directly from university
96

through some form of public examination with no requirement
of previous professional experience. Successful candidates are
appointed at the bottom of the career ladder; professional training
occurs within the judiciary, with promotions depending on merit.
Public competition is considered the most effective method of
maintaining the professional standing and the independence
of the judiciary. It checks political partiality and nepotism,
but the fear of prejudicing promotion may inhibit a true spirit
of independence from the executive branch. There is also the
likelihood that since private practice is normally signiﬁcantly
more lucrative than a career on the bench, the more gifted law
graduate may be discouraged from entering the service.

The White House Counsel’s Ofﬁce also plays a role; it works
together with the Department of Justice and members of the
Senate, and considers recommendations by members of the
House of Representatives, state governors, bar associations, and
other bodies. The Senate Judiciary Committee scrutinizes the
credentials of candidates. Should it reject a nomination, it is
returned to the president to produce another name. Nominations
by the Senate Judiciary Committee are considered by the Senate
in executive sessions. Non-controversial candidates tend to
be unanimously conﬁrmed. Of the 154 nominations to the
US Supreme Court between 1789 and 2004, only 34 were not
97

Courts

The position in the United States is complex. The federal
courts are divided into three tiers: the Supreme Court, the
Circuit Court of Appeals, and the District Court. Under the US
Constitution, the president has the power to nominate and,
in conjunction with the Senate, appoint judges of all three
courts. He nominates candidates to the Senate after receiving
recommendations from the Department of Justice and White
House staff. The Department of Justice screens prospective
nominees, followed by an investigation of the candidate by the
FBI. Views are sought on the nominee’s suitability from the
American Bar Association.

Law

conﬁrmed by the Senate. When a contentious nomination is
made, however, a debate ensues. An adverse recommendation by
the Senate Judiciary Committee inexorably results in rejection
of the candidate by the Senate. A successful nominee is formally
appointed by the president.
The protracted nature of the process, including ﬁlibustering
by senators, as well as the predictable ideological dimension of
the system, has attracted considerable criticism. Its detractors
contend that it undermines the independence of the judiciary.
Defenders of the method claim that the president and Senate
exercise a vital and legitimate check on the composition and
standing of the federal judiciary. At the non-federal level, judges
are elected in 21 American states; this is a rarity, not encountered
in any other common or civil law jurisdiction. Although it may
appeal to the democrat, it inevitably transforms judges into
politicians who, to keep their jobs, must appeal to popular
sentiments and prejudices. While it may be true that an elective
system is preferable to one of nomination under a corrupt
government which appoints compliant judges regardless of their
ability, few lawyers support what John Stuart Mill called ‘one of
the most dangerous errors ever yet committed by democracy’.
Dissatisfaction with the method of judicial appointment, based
largely on the unrepresentative nature of appointees (few women
or members of racial minorities), has led to the adoption of
judicial appointments commissions which seek to bring to the
process greater transparency and fairness. The commission is
charged with responsibility for selection. They exist in some states
of the United States, as well as in Canada, Scotland, South Africa,
Israel, Ireland, and in a number of other European countries,
including England and Wales, where since 2006 it functions as
an independent non-departmental public body. Applicants for
judicial ofﬁce are required to submit a nine-page application
form; short-listed candidates are interviewed. They are evaluated
according to ﬁve criteria: intellectual capacity; personal qualities
98

(integrity, independence, judgement, decisiveness, objectivity,
ability, willingness to learn); ability to understand and deal fairly;
authority and communication skills; and efﬁciency.

The politics of the judiciary
Though the US Constitution nowhere explicitly confers on
the Supreme Court the power of judicial review, it has, since
the seminal case of Marbury v Madison in 1803, asserted the
right to strike down laws that it regards as in conﬂict with the
provisions of the Constitution. This, the most muscular form
of judicial review, entails a court of appointed judges (albeit
with Senate approval) exercising control over democratically
99

Courts

13. In most common law jurisdictions, female judges are a rarity. In
Britain, for example, the ﬁrst woman was appointed to the House of
Lords, the country’s highest court, only in 2005. Women judges sit
on the highest courts of South Africa, Canada, the United States, and
New Zealand. The Supreme Court of Canada (pictured here) had its
ﬁrst female judge in 1982, and three of its nine judges are now women,
including the Chief Justice

Law

enacted laws. In doing so, the Court has effected major social and
political transformations by declaring as unconstitutional a wide
range of legislation by states on matters as diverse as abortion,
contraception, racial and sexual discrimination, freedom of
religion, speech, and assembly.
The Supreme Court of India has, with broad public support,
exhibited a high degree of judicial activism in a number of
areas of social, political, and economic life, including marriage,
the environment, human rights, agrarian reforms, and the law
governing elections. The judges have frequently described the
constitution as more than a political document; it is considered
an abiding declaration of ‘social philosophy’. And this philosophy
is steeped in egalitarian values that represent a commitment to
reform a society to correspond to the principles of social justice
that inspired the framers of the constitution. One striking feature
of the court’s jurisprudence is the concept of public interest
litigation whereby the poor obtain access to the courts. The
Court has held that legal redress for the deprived should not
be encumbered by the restrictions of the adversarial system.
Similarly, it has accorded a liberal interpretation of Article 21 of
the Constitution which provides that ‘No person shall be deprived
of his life or personal liberty except according to procedure
established by law.’ This has engendered a substantial expansion
in substantive individual rights.
Under its post-apartheid constitution, the South African
Constitutional Court has the power to interpret the constitution
and has handed down far-reaching decisions, including declaring
capital punishment to be unlawful and upholding the right
to housing, the state’s constitutional duty to provide effective
remedies against domestic violence, and the right to equality.
Strong judicial review is exempliﬁed by the power of the
United States Supreme Court, which may impose its judicial
interpretations of the Constitution on other branches of
100

government. Weaker forms of judicial review, on the other
hand, permit the legislature and executive to reject such rulings,
provided they do so publicly. They are increasingly incorporated in
constitutions and legislation (such as Britain’s Human Rights Act
of 1998, the New Zealand Bill of Rights of 1990, and the Canadian
Charter of Rights and Freedoms of 1992).

Unhappily, one’s trust in law-makers is rarely vindicated. Though
sometimes contentious, certain fundamental rights are best kept
off-limits to legislators, or, at least, beyond the reach of normal
party political machinations. Would the civil liberties of African
Americans have been recognized sooner without the Supreme
Court’s historic Brown judgment, which held that separate
educational facilities for black and white pupils was ‘inherently
unequal’? Is the South African Constitutional Court more likely
to defend human rights than its new, democratic parliament?
Have the judgments of the European Court of Human Rights
(which, sitting in Strasbourg, considers complaints concerning
alleged violations of the European Convention for the Protection
101

Courts

Critics of judicial review consider objectionable the power of
judges over democratically elected legislators. But even if our
legislative bodies were genuinely representative, the arguments
in support of their being in a stronger position than courts to
protect and preserve our rights are, at best, doubtful. Not only
are the vicissitudes of government and party politics notoriously
susceptible to sectional interest and compromise, to say nothing of
corruption, but it is precisely because judges are not ‘accountable’
in this manner that they are often superior guardians of liberty.
Moreover, the judicial temperament, training, experience, and
the forensic forum in which rights-based arguments are tested
and contested tend, I think, to tip the scales towards their
adjudicative, rather than legislative, resolution. Indeed, it is hard
to see how the latter would operate in practice. Since the rights
in question are, by deﬁnition, in dispute, what role could elected
parliamentarians play?

of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms committed by
States Parties) not enhanced civil liberties in, say, Britain? The
Court has ruled against the British government on frequent
occasions, requiring it to amend its domestic law on a variety of
Convention-protected rights, including the right of privacy, the
right against the use of corporal punishment, and the rights of
mental health patients.

Law

Prejudiced judges?
In recent years, there has been a rising crescendo of
complaint over the legitimacy – sometimes even the
honesty – of particular judicial conduct. From political
conservatives have come charges that judges are overriding
the will of the people as expressed in statutes and referenda
relating to abortions, gay rights, afﬁrmative action, religion,
and other subjects. From political liberals come charges of
bias against women, sexual misconduct, harshness toward
the interests of minorities, and forced imposition of deeply
conservative political views. From both sides … come
charges of overriding the people’s views and protecting the
professional politicians by striking down term limits. From
all venues – even from high-priced corporate lawyers – come
charges of frequent tyrannical and arbitrary conduct by
trial court judges. Misuse of position and even bribery are
known to have sometimes existed. Beyond these matters,
my thirty-four years as a law professor or a litigator have
persuaded me that there is yet another problem, one that is
widespread. It is that judges too often are unwilling to listen
to facts or reasons. Rather, they start with predilections
heavily favoring one side – predilections which they, of
course, deny – and then prove impervious to facts and
resulting reasons contrary to their bias ... When judges act
on the basis of their prior predilections, ignore facts, and

102

even make up supposed counter facts, they destroy a central
tenet of the judicial system: decisions of cases based on
facts rather than prejudice. They also … destroy faith in the
judicial system … Prior judicial predilection and associated
imperviousness to facts, judicial invention of purported
counter facts and concomitant problems are among the most
important problems of the judicial system today. It would be
beneﬁcial to the system, would prevent the law from being a
hollow mockery of its promises, and would help maintain the
faith of citizens, if judges were to stop ignoring facts in order
to enforce their own predilections.
Professor Lawrence R. Valvel, ‘A Rebuke of Modern
Judicial Practices’ (2005) Judicial Accountability Initiative Law News Journal

In criminal proceedings, the notion of being tried by a jury of
‘one’s peers’ is frequently regarded as an article of faith in the
common law system. And certain civil law jurisdictions also
employ juries to determine the guilt or innocence of the accused.
In France, for example, the judges sit together with the jury, who
are also involved in determining the sentence to be imposed.
Jurisdictions differ in respect of the availability of juries. Some
restrict them to criminal, and not civil, trials (e.g., France);
others prescribe juries for trials of serious crimes (e.g., Canada);
while in some countries (e.g., England and Wales) they are used
in criminal cases and limited to a few speciﬁc civil cases (e.g.,
defamation).
Most conspicuous are the jury trials in the United States, where
juries are available for both civil and criminal proceedings. More
than 60% of jury trials are criminal trials, the rest are civil and
other trials such as family court proceedings.
103

Courts

Trial by jury

Law

14. Juries may be inﬂuenced by factors other than the evidence

Among the much-vaunted virtues of the jury trial is the extent
to which it operates as a curb on the power and inﬂuence of
the judge. By involving (usually 12) ordinary citizens in the
administration of justice, it is argued, the values of the
community may be expressed. A group of randomly selected lay
persons, it is claimed, is a more democratic arbiter of guilt than
a judge, who is perceived, rightly or wrongly, as an agent of the
government.
Critics of the jury, on the other hand, normally express unease
about the fact that juries, unlike judges, are not required to give
104

reasons for their decision, thereby opening the door to emotion
and prejudice, especially when the race of the defendant may be
a factor (as, for example, in the infamous Rodney King trial,
which had disastrous consequences, see the box below). Doubt
is also voiced in respect of the ability of the average juror to
comprehend complex scientiﬁc or other technical evidence.
Complex commercial trials, for example, generate an enormous
quantity of highly specialized information. This has led to
controversial proposals in Britain and elsewhere to abolish juries
in these trials.

Alternative dispute resolution
Dissatisfaction with court-centred resolution of disputes has
long been sounded by critics who regard it as, amongst other
things, unfair, unduly formal, and exclusive. In the United
Courts

Race, Rodney King – and a prejudiced jury?
In 1991, in Los Angeles, several police cars chased Rodney G.
King, a robbery parolee who was allegedly speeding. After
a police chase during which he jumped a number of red
lights, King was eventually forced to stop. Though the two
passengers in the car complied with police requests to step
out of the car and were subdued with negligible resistance,
King apparently refused to comply with police instructions,
and was physically assisted in doing so. He was struck up to
56 times by ofﬁcers wielding metal batons, kicked at least six
times, and shot with a Taser electronic stun gun. The beating
was administered by three Los Angeles police ofﬁcers,
allegedly on the orders of a police sergeant. Twenty-three
other law enforcement ofﬁcers were also present and
observed the assault, but apparently made no effort to stop

105

it. A number of bystanders also witnessed the beating, one
of whom videotaped the incident. King suffered extensive
injuries, including skull fractures and nerve damage to part
of his face.

Law

The jury (consisting of ten whites, a Hispanic, and an Asian)
acquitted the defendants. Within hours of the jury’s verdict,
Los Angeles erupted in riots. When it was over, 54 people
were dead, over 7,000 individuals had been arrested, and
hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of property had been
destroyed.
Though some of the ofﬁcers were subsequently convicted by
a federal court on charges of violating King’s constitutional
rights, and imprisoned, none of the prosecutions speciﬁcally
alleged racial motivation. In fact, only at the federal trial
did King, giving evidence for the ﬁrst time, testify that he
had been racially abused by the police ofﬁcers, though he
subsequently conceded that he was uncertain whether this
was in fact the case.

States, a movement championed alternative dispute resolution
(ADR) ‘under an umbrella of humanism, communitarianism,
and social welfare concerns … objected to the depersonalization,
objectiﬁcation, and distance they associated with courtroom
formality and its dependency on legal professionals’. They
advocated more user-friendly, less adversarial procedures. This
resulted in legislation facilitating greater use of non-judicial
arbitration, especially for the resolution of commercial disputes
with an international dimension.
The parties submit their dispute to one or more arbitrators
by whose decision (called an ‘award’) they agree to be bound.
Among the perceived advantages of ADR are its speed, lower cost,
106

Litigation: feisty Americans v sociable English

Richard A. Posner, Law and Legal Theory in
England and America (Clarendon Press, 1996), pp. 109–10

ﬂexibility, and the provision of specialist arbitrators in disputes
of a highly technical nature. But delays are not infrequent, and
the cost may be enhanced by the requirement that the parties pay
for the arbitrators. In some jurisdictions enforcement of arbitral
awards is problematic.

107

Courts

Although the United States seems more like England than
like any other European country, the American national
character is virtually the opposite of the English. Deference,
fatalism, self-restraint, and non-aggressiveness are just about
the last characteristics that one would ascribe to Americans.
Litigation is a kind of ﬁghting, and Americans are ﬁghters;
the modern English, outside of the soccer stadium, are
not … National character may be effect rather than cause,
and the character of the legal system may be merely another
effect of the same cause, or, more realistically, the same
complex of causes. The high degree of physical and social
mobility in the United States, the immigrant origins of its
population, its racial and ethnic heterogeneity, and the
wealth and leisure of its population may be responsible for
the feisty and individualistic character of the people and
independently for a heavy demand for judicial processes of
dispute resolution. A more static, uniform, close-knit society
may simply have fewer disputes – because people understand
each other better, or because the greater likelihood of
continued relations or future encounters with each other puts
a premium on avoiding conﬂict – or better informal methods
of resolving disputes …

Chapter 5
Lawyers

Lawyers are an indispensable – if unloved – feature of every
developed legal system. They are viliﬁed, mocked, and disparaged.
The humour of a multitude of lawyer jokes springs from their
assault on lawyers’ venality, dishonesty, and insensitivity. One jibe
asks, ‘How can you tell when a lawyer is lying?’ The answer: ‘His
lips are moving’. Another sardonically laments, ‘Isn’t it a shame
how 99 per cent of lawyers give the whole profession a bad name?’
Mark Twain is reputed to have quipped, ‘It is interesting to note
that criminals have multiplied of late, and lawyers have also; but I
repeat myself.’
It seems futile to attempt to explain this antipathy which
rests on a combination of legitimate discontent with and
misunderstanding of the legal profession in most countries. It is
certainly true that, along with estate agents, lawyers attract little
affection. An independent bar is, however, a vital component of
the rule of law; without accessible lawyers to provide citizens
with competent representation, the ideals of the legal system
ring hollow. And this is acknowledged in most jurisdictions by
the provision of legal aid in criminal cases. So, for example, legal
aid is a right recognized by Article 6 of the European Convention
on Human Rights. It requires that defendants be provided with
counsel and, if they are unable to afford their own lawyer, one is
made available without charge.
108

Hollywood’s heroic depiction of the lawyer – replicated in endless
television series – vigorously, eloquently pursuing the cause of
justice for their client, is a far cry from the reality of real lawyers’
lives. Advocacy in court represents a small, though important, part
of the profession’s work. Most lawyers, however, are preoccupied
daily with drafting (contracts, trusts, wills, and other documents),
advising clients, conducting negotiations, conveying property,
and other rather less glamorous tasks. Yet even if the majority of
lawyers never set foot in a court, the essence of lawyering is the
battle waged on behalf of the client. In this campaign the skills of
advocacy – whether in oral or written form – are paramount. Law
is often war, and the lawyer is the warrior.

Common lawyers
To many, the English legal profession, adaptations of which
exist in common law jurisdictions of the former British
109

Lawyers

15. Atticus Finch: the lawyer-as-hero as depicted by Gregory Peck
in the ﬁlm of the novel To Kill a Mockingbird. Finch unsuccessfully
defends a black defendant charged with raping a white woman.
A number of American attorneys have claimed that the character
inspired them to enter the profession

Commonwealth, appears bizarre – grotesquely anachronistic
with its wigs, gowns, and stilted forms of address. Though some
of these quaint, archaic features have been eradicated in a few
common law countries, they have shown a remarkable tenacity,
especially in England. Polls of practitioners and public have
proved inconclusive. Wigs on the heads of many barristers and
judges seem ﬁrmly ﬁxed for some time yet.

Law

Big wigs
Sir: Of course the legal wig is an anachronism. But then
so is the yarmulke, the mitre, the biretta, the bearskin, the
mortarboard and all other forms of ceremonial headdress.
I have already been published in the press on the merit of
the wig in promoting anonymity and obscuring decrepitude.
Its real importance is, however, a heritage issue. For a
family lawyer such as myself, it evidences a golden thread
of continuity that stretches back beyond the great statute of
1857, beyond Dr Lushington, and into the wonderful realm of
18th-century family law. It is a heritage recognised whether
I appear before the Court of Appeal in London, or before the
Court of Appeal of the Cayman Islands, or before the Court
of Appeal of Hong Kong (which sits, bewigged, under its vivid
red symbol containing ﬁve stars signifying the sovereignty
of communist China). So far as I am aware, no decision has
been made to abolish wigs in civil appeals here and I protest
against any proposal to do so.
Nicholas Mostyn QC,
Temple, London EC4. Letters, The Spectator, 23 June 2007

The origins of the common law profession are, of course, steeped
in English history – and logic is thus not necessarily among
its justiﬁcations. It is divided between two principal species
of lawyer: barristers and solicitors. Barristers (often called
‘counsel’) constitute a small minority of the legal profession
110

(roughly 10% in most jurisdictions) and, rightly or wrongly, are
regarded – especially by themselves – as the superior branch of
the profession. Recent years have witnessed a number of fairly
sweeping changes, many of which have diminished the privileges
of barristers (or ‘the Bar’). These reforms have largely been
animated by political unease concerning the soaring costs of legal
services as a result of the restrictive practices of the Bar.
Barristers have minimal direct contact with their ‘lay clients’.
They are ‘briefed’ by solicitors, and it is normally a requirement
that during meetings (or ‘conferences’) with clients the solicitor
must be present. An exception is, however, made for certain
professions, including accountants and surveyors, who may confer
with a barrister without the presence of a solicitor. In most cases,
however, dealings must be carried out through the solicitor who is
responsible for paying the barrister’s fees.

111

Lawyers

English barristers are ‘called’ to the Bar by one of the four
Inns of Court, ancient institutions that since the 16th century
have governed entry to this branch of the profession. Unlike
the overwhelming majority of solicitors, barristers have full
rights of audience, allowing them to appear before any court.
Generally, solicitors have rights of audience only before the lower
courts, though in recent years the position has changed and
some solicitors, certiﬁed as ‘solicitor advocates’, may represent
their clients as advocates in the higher courts. The traditional
separation is gradually breaking down. Nevertheless, two major
distinctions between the two categories of lawyer remain. First,
barristers are invariably instructed by solicitors, rather than
directly by the client, whereas clients go directly to solicitors.
Second, unlike solicitors, barristers operate as sole practitioners,
and are prohibited from forming partnerships. Instead, barristers
generally form sets of chambers in which resources and expenses
are shared. But it is now possible for barristers to be employed by
ﬁrms of solicitors, companies, or other institutions as in-house
lawyers.

16. Though their attire is often derided as eccentric and anachronistic,
barristers in several common law jurisdictions adhere to the wigs and
gowns that they have worn for centuries. The tenacity of this tradition
is illustrated here by a Hong Kong senior counsel who has ‘taken silk’
and dons the ceremonial long-bottomed wig and silk gown

Other transformations have occurred. For example, barristers
are now permitted to advertise their services and their fees – a
hitherto unthinkable commercial contamination. Nor are they
limited to practising from a set of chambers; after three years’ call,
they may work from home.

A fused profession operates in a number of common law
jurisdictions. The United States draws no distinction; all are
attorneys. Anyone who passes the state bar examination may
appear in the courts of that state. Some state appeal courts require
attorneys to have a certiﬁcate of admission to plead and practise in
that court. To appear before a federal court, an attorney requires
speciﬁc admission to that court’s bar. Fusion exists also in the
states of South Australia and Western Australia, as well as in
New Zealand.
A fundamental tenet of counsel’s duty in some common law
countries (but not, surprisingly, in the United States) is the
so-called ‘cab-rank rule’ under which ‘no counsel is entitled to
refuse to act in a sphere in which he practises, and on being
tendered a proper fee, for any person however unpopular or
offensive he or his opinions may be’. Like a taxi driver who is

113

Lawyers

The split profession has been attacked from a number of quarters.
Why, it is not unreasonably asked, should a client effectively pay
for two lawyers when, as in the United States, for instance, one
will do? The case for fusing the two branches (as has occurred,
for instance, in Canada, with the exception of Quebec) has been
met by a number of responses. In particular, it is argued by
defenders of the status quo that an independent barrister offers
a detached, expert evaluation of the client’s case. Also, solicitors,
especially those from small ﬁrms, who often lack a high degree
of specialization, may draw on the expertise of a wide range of
barristerial skills. This enables them to compete with larger ﬁrms
who boast numerous specialists.

Rich pickings
We have in the legal profession a prestigious and inﬂuential
group of practitioners, supposedly there to ensure that
the law’s promises of justice for everyone are satisﬁed, but
whose most lucrative work continues to be the handling of
the problems of the rich rather than the trials of the poor …
But in the ﬁnal analysis, the attraction of the legal profession
of business and ‘property’ types of work is understandable,
given the concentration by the legal profession in general on
the management and protection of property. It is primarily
the law, therefore, not the lawyers themselves, which
highlights the problems of the middle- and upper-middle
classes at the expense of the poor …

Law

Phil Harris, Introduction to Law,
7th edn (Cambridge University Press, 2007), p. 444

generally obliged to accept any passenger, a barrister is bound
to accept any brief unless there are circumstances to justify a
refusal, such as that the area of law lies outside of his expertise
or experience, or where his professional commitments prevent
him from devoting sufﬁcient time to the case. In the absence of
such a rule, advocates would be reluctant to appear on behalf of
abhorrent, immoral, or malevolent clients charged, for example,
with heinous crimes such as child molestation. Nevertheless,
in practice, it is not difﬁcult for a barrister to ﬁnd a reason why
the brief should not be accepted. Apart from the case involving
an area of law beyond his or her capability, the human element
is always present: time is more easily found for a lucrative brief
than one which concerns an intractable or hopeless case. But it
represents a sound statement of professional duty, emphasizing
the role of lawyer as ‘hired gun’ who acts fearlessly for any client
regardless of the merits of their case.

114

A striking feature of the training of common lawyers has been the
role of some form of apprenticeship (see below). Indeed, it was
only towards the end of the 19th century that English universities
taught any law at all. And large-scale university legal education
in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand had to
await the 20th century, though some universities had established
law schools earlier (notably Harvard in 1817).

Civil lawyers

Students in civil law countries typically decide on their future
after graduation. And, as mobility within the profession is limited,
in many jurisdictions this choice is likely to be conclusive. They
may choose to pursue the career of a judge, a public prosecutor,
a government lawyer, an advocate, or notary. Private practice is
therefore generally divided between advocates and notaries. The
former has direct contact with clients, and represents them in
court. After graduating from law school, advocates normally serve
an apprenticeship with experienced lawyers for a number of years,
and then tend to practise as sole practitioners or in small ﬁrms.

115

Lawyers

Lawyers in the civil law world differ fundamentally from their
common law colleagues. Indeed, the very concept of a legal
profession in the major civil law jurisdictions of Europe, Latin
America, Japan, and Scandinavia is problematic. In the words
of a leading authority on the subject, ‘The common law folk
concept of “lawyer” has no counterpart in European languages …’
Civil law jurisdictions recognize two categories of legal
professionals: the jurist and the private practitioner. The former
comprises law graduates, while the latter, unlike the position in
common law countries, does not represent the nucleus of the
legal profession. Instead, ‘other subsets of law graduates take
precedence – historically, numerically, and ideologically. These
include the magistracy (judges and prosecutors) … civil servants,
law professors, and lawyers employed in commerce and industry.’

To become a notary usually requires passing a state examination.
Notaries draft legal documents such as wills and contracts,
authenticate such documents in legal proceedings, and maintain
records on, or provide copies of, authenticated documents.
Government lawyers serve either as public prosecutors or
as lawyers for government agencies. The public prosecutor
performs a twin function. In criminal cases, he prepares the
government’s case; while in certain civil cases he represents the
public interest.

Law

In most civil law jurisdictions, the state plays a considerably more
signiﬁcant role in the training, entry, and employment of lawyers
than is the case in the common law world. Unlike the traditional
position in common law countries where lawyers qualify by
serving an apprenticeship, the state controls the number of jurists
it will employ, and the universities mediate entry into private
practice.
There are important differences between the two systems in
respect of the organization of legal education. Broadly speaking, in
most common law jurisdictions (with the conspicuous exception
of England – and Hong Kong), law is a postgraduate degree or, as
in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, may be combined with
an undergraduate degree in another discipline. In the civil law
world, on the other hand, law is an undergraduate course. While
the common law curriculum is strongly inﬂuenced by the legal
profession, the state in civil law jurisdictions exercises a dominant
function in this respect. The legal profession in most common law
countries administers entry examinations, whereas, given the role
of universities as gatekeepers, further examinations are generally
redundant, and a law degree sufﬁces.
The function of gatekeeping in common law countries tends to be
discharged by apprenticeship with a private practitioner. So, for
example, an aspiring barrister must pass the Bar examinations in

116

order to be called to the Bar. In order to practise at the Bar, he is
required to serve two six-month pupillages in chambers, attending
conferences with solicitors conducted by his pupil master (a more
senior barrister), and sitting in court, assisting in preparing cases,
drafting opinions, and so on. Pupillage is usually unpaid, although
they may now be funded so as to guarantee the pupil’s earnings
up to a ﬁxed level. During the second six months of pupillage,
the barrister may engage in limited practice and be instructed in
his own right. With the exception of barristers, lawyers in private
practice operate as members of a ﬁrm whose size may vary from a
single lawyer to mega-ﬁrms of hundreds of lawyers.

Regulation of the profession

In certain jurisdictions (particularly small ones like Belgium and
New Zealand), lawyers are admitted and regulated at the national
level. Federal states (such as the United States, Canada, Australia,
and Germany) inevitably exercise provincial or state regulation.
Italian lawyers are admitted at the regional level.
While regulation in some countries is undertaken by the judiciary
and, under its aegis, an independent legal profession, lawyers in
other jurisdictions, especially in the civil law world, are subject to
government control in the shape of the Ministry of Justice.

117

Lawyers

Bar Associations, Bar Councils, and Law Societies are among the
numerous organizations that supervise the admission, licensing,
education, and regulation of common lawyers. The civil law
prefers the term ‘advocates’ (which more accurately describes
their principal function, and their counterpart organizations are
dubbed Chambers, Orders, Faculties, or Colleges of Advocates).
Though their designations differ, they generally share a concern
to limit the number of lawyers in practice, and defend their
monopoly.

Lawyers in court
The lawyers have twisted it into such a state of bedevilment
that the original merits of the case have long disappeared
from the face of the earth. It’s about a Will, and the trusts
under a Will – or it was, once. It’s about nothing but Costs,
now. We are always appearing, and disappearing, and
swearing, and interrogating, and ﬁling, and cross-ﬁling,
and arguing, and sealing, and motioning, and referring, and
reporting, and revolving about the Lord Chancellor and all
his satellites, and equitably waltzing ourselves off to dusty
death, about Costs. That’s the great question. All the rest, by
some extraordinary means, has melted away.

Law

Charles Dickens, Bleak House, Chapter VIII

Legal aid
Many societies grant legal aid to persons incapable of paying for
a lawyer. The right of access to justice rings hollow without the
provision of free legal advice and assistance to the poor, especially
in criminal cases. Even in respect of civil litigation, however,
elementary norms of fairness would be undermined where an
impecunious defendant is sued by an afﬂuent plaintiff or the state.
Any semblance of equality before the law is thereby shattered.
The cost involved (to both the state and the individual seeking
legal aid) generally results in preference being given to assisting
those charged with criminal offences, though some jurisdictions
supply free legal aid in civil cases. Certain systems of legal aid
provide lawyers who are employed exclusively to act for eligible,
impoverished clients. Others appoint private practitioners to
represent such individuals.

118

17. Lawyers can only do so much for their clients

Gideon’s right to representation
Gideon was charged in a Florida state court with having
broken and entered a poolroom with intent to commit
a misdemeanour. Appearing in court without funds and
without a lawyer, he asked the court to appoint counsel for
him. The following dialogue took place:
The Court: Mr Gideon, I am sorry, but I cannot appoint
Counsel to represent you in this case. Under the laws of the
State of Florida, the only time the Court can appoint Counsel
to represent a Defendant is when that person is charged
with a capital offense. I am sorry, but I will have to deny your
request to appoint Counsel to defend you in this case.

Law

Gideon: The United States Supreme Court says I am entitled
to be represented by Counsel.
Gideon conducted his own defence, was convicted, and
sentenced to ﬁve years’ imprisonment. He then appealed on
the ground that the trial court’s refusal to appoint counsel for
him denied him rights ‘guaranteed by the Constitution and
the Bill of Rights by the United States Government’. The State
Supreme Court rejected his appeal. From his prison cell,
Gideon appealed to the US Supreme Court on the ground
that he had been denied counsel and therefore that his rights
under the Fourteenth Amendment had been violated without
due process of law. He was assigned a prominent lawyer, Abe
Fortas (later appointed a Justice of the Supreme Court). The
court held that the right to the assistance of counsel was a
fundamental right, essential for a fair trial, thus emphasizing
the procedural safeguards required for due process of law.
The defendant’s wealth or educational standing should be
irrelevant to the question of legal representation. The case
was remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for ‘further
action not inconsistent with this decision’. Gideon was retried,
this time with legal representation, and was acquitted.

120

Chapter 6
The future of the law

Law, like war, appears to be an inescapable fact of the human
condition. But what is its future? The law is, of course, in a
constant state of ﬂux. This is nicely expressed by the illustrious
American Supreme Court Justice Benjamin Cardozo:
Existing rules and principles can give us our present location, our
bearings, our latitude and longitude. The inn that shelters us for the
night is not the journey’s end. The law, like the traveller, must be
ready for the morrow. It must have a principle of growth.

In a rapidly changing world, growth and adaptation are more
pressing than ever if the law is to respond adequately to the new
threats as well as novel challenges it faces. The character of law
has unquestionably undergone profound transformations in the
last 50 years, yet its future is contentious. Some argue that the law
is in its death throes, while others postulate a contrary prognosis
that discerns numerous signs of law’s enduring strength. Which is
it? Curiously, there is some truth in both standpoints.
On the one hand, though reports of the death of law have been
exaggerated, there is ample evidence of the inﬁrmity of many
advanced legal systems. Symptoms include the privatization of
law (settlement of cases, plea-bargaining, ADR, the spectacular
rise of regulatory agencies with wide discretionary powers, and
121

the decline of the rule of law in several countries). On the other
hand, there has been a revolution in the role of law that suggests
it is both resilient and robust. This transformation includes
the extension of the law’s tentacles into the private domain in
pursuit of efﬁciency, social justice, or other political goals; the
globalization of law and its internationalization through the
United Nations, regional organizations, and the European Union;
and the massive impact of technology on the law.
This chapter attempts to uncover some of the major shifts in
contemporary society and the formidable challenges they pose to
the law.

Law

Law and change
Various attempts have been made to chart the course of legal
development. Legal historians have sought to identify the central
features in the evolution of law, and, hence, to situate different
societies along this continuum. In the late 19th century, the
eminent scholar Sir Henry Maine contended that law and society
had previously progressed ‘from status to contract’. In other words,
in the ancient world individuals were closely bound by status
to traditional groups, whereas in modern societies individuals
are regarded as autonomous beings, they are free to enter into
contracts and form associations with whomever they choose.
But some detect a reversal in this movement, and that in many
instances freedom of contract is more apparent than real. For
example, what choice does the consumer have when faced
with a standard-form contract (or contract of adhesion) for
telecommunications, electricity, or other utilities? And where
is the employee who, when offered a job and presented with a
standard-form contract by his multinational employee, would
attempt to renegotiate the terms? It is true that many advanced
legal systems seek to improve the bargaining position of the
individual through various forms of consumer protection
122

legislation. Yet when a lightweight steps into the ring with a
heavyweight, the outcome is rarely in doubt. Has ‘status’ returned
in the shape of consumer or employee?

Weber gives as an example of a formally legal irrational system
the phenomenon of trial by ordeal where guilt is determined by
an appeal to some supernatural force. An example of substantive
legal irrationality is where a judge decides a case on the basis of
his personal opinion without any reference to rules. A decision
of a judge is substantively rational, according to Weber, when
he refers not to rules but moral principles or concepts of justice.
Finally, where a judge defers to a body of doctrine consisting of
legal rules and principles, the system constitutes one of formal
logical legal rationality. It is towards this ideal type that Weber’s
theory of legal evolution progresses.
In many societies, however, Weber’s model of a rational,
comprehensive, and coherent legal system is undermined by the
rapid rise in administrative control. There has been a colossal
expansion in the jurisdiction of administrative agencies. These
123

The future of the law

The growth of legal systems also exercised the minds of social
theorists. The ideas of Max Weber have exerted a powerful
inﬂuence on thinking about law and its development. He
developed a ‘typology’ of law based on the different categories
of legal thought. At its heart is the idea of ‘rationality’. He
distinguishes between ‘formal’ systems and ‘substantive’ systems.
The core of this distinction is the extent to which a system is
‘internally self-sufﬁcient’, i.e., the rules and procedures required
for decision-making are available within the system. Second, he
draws a distinction between ‘rational’ and ‘irrational’ systems.
This describes the manner in which the legal rules and procedures
are applied. The highest stage of rationality is reached when all
legal propositions constitute a logically clear, internally consistent
system of rules under which every conceivable fact or situation is
included.

bodies, normally creatures of statute, are vested with extensive
discretionary powers. In some cases, their decisions are explicitly
exempted from judicial oversight.

Law

In several European countries, for example, the privatization
of formerly nationalized industries (such as utilities and
telecommunications) has spawned a host of regulatory agencies
with powers to investigate, make rules, and impose penalties. The
ordinary courts may be marginalized, and hence the role of law
itself becomes distorted. This development represents a threat to
the authority and openness of courts. Moreover, the enlargement
of discretionary powers emasculates the rule of law’s insistence
on the observance of clear rules that specify individual rights
and duties. Discretionary regulation resembles Weber’s notion of
substantive legal rationality, while the ideology of the rule of law
represents formal legal rationality.
Among the more radical theories of legal development is
the Marxist idea that law is ultimately doomed to disappear
entirely. This prediction is grounded in the idea of historicism:
social evolution is explained in terms of inexorable historical
forces. Marx and Engels propounded the theory of ‘dialectical
materialism’ which explains the unfolding of history in terms of
the development of a thesis, its opposite (or antithesis) and, out of
the ensuing conﬂict, its resolution in a synthesis. Marx argued that
each period of economic development has a corresponding class
system. During the period of hand-mill production, for instance,
the feudal system of classes existed. When steam-mill production
developed, capitalism replaced feudalism. Classes are determined
by the means of production, and therefore an individual’s class
is dependent on his relation to the means of production. Marx’s
‘historical materialism’ is based on the fact that the means
of production are materially determined; it is dialectical, in
part, because he sees an inevitable conﬂict between those two
hostile classes. A revolution would eventually occur because the
bourgeois mode of production based on individual ownership and
124

unplanned competition, stands in opposition to the increasingly
non-individualistic, social character of labour production in the
factory. The proletariat would, he predicted, seize the means of
production and establish a ‘dictatorship of the proletariat’ which
would, in time, be replaced by a classless, communist society
in which law would eventually ‘wither away’. Since the law is a
vehicle of class oppression, it is superﬂuous in a classless society.
This is the spirit of the argument ﬁrst implied by Marx in his
early writings and restated by Lenin. In its more sophisticated
version the thesis claims that, following the proletarian revolution,
the bourgeois state would be swept aside and replaced by the
dictatorship of the proletariat. Society, after reactionary resistance
has been defeated, would have no further need for law or state:
they would ‘wither away’.

Whatever theory is adopted to explain the manner and form of
legal change, it is impossible to deny that the future of law is
beset with a host of thorny challenges. Where might the greatest
difﬁculties lie?

Internal challenges
In addition to the problem of bureaucratic regulation and the
often unbridled discretion it generates (discussed above), there
are a number of intractable questions that need to be confronted
by legal systems everywhere. Some are mentioned in Chapter 2.
Among the most conspicuous is the so-called ‘war on terror’. It
requires little perception to realize that in the space of less than
a decade many legal systems are faced with a variety of problems
125

The future of the law

But this cheerful prognosis is based on a rather crude equation of
law with the coercive suppression of the proletariat. It disregards
the fact not only that a considerable body of law serves other
functions, but that, even, or especially, a communist society
requires laws to plan and regulate the economy. To claim that
these measures are not ‘law’ is to elicit incredulity.

Law

that test the values that lie at their heart. How can free societies
reconcile a commitment to liberty with the necessity to confront
threats to undermine that very foundation? Absolute security is
plainly unattainable, but even moderate protection against terror
comes at a price. And no airline passenger can be unaware of
the cost in respect of the delays and inconvenience that today’s
security checks inevitably entail. But though crime can never be
entirely prevented, modern technology does offer extraordinarily
successful tools to deter and apprehend offenders. Closed circuit
television (CCTV) cameras, for instance, are able to monitor
unlawful activities, such recordings supplying prosecutors with
powerful evidence in court against the ﬁlmed villain. To what
extent should the law tolerate this kind of surveillance? Consider
the following example, which may help to demonstrate the
difﬁculty, and the unavoidable ‘balancing’ between competing
rights that is a conspicuous characteristic of modern law.
I like my car. It’s nothing special: but its silver body induces in
me a pleasing sensation. Or did. A few days ago, as I was about to
unlock the door, I noticed a deep scratch that stretched along the
side of the car. A key or perhaps a screwdriver had been dragged
over its metallic surface. A similar wound had been inﬂicted on the
bonnet. I was furious. Not unlike a character in a movie, I scoured
the vicinity in the vain hope of some sign of the vandal, my face
suitably arranged in an expression of ferocious indignation. But
the miscreant was long gone. The offence had been committed, I
presumed, during the night. I was left to my curses. The car was
parked in a well-lit area, but this was plainly no deterrent. Why, I
instantly lamented, was there no CCTV camera nearby to record the
villain’s identity? I wanted him caught and punished.

A trivial instance of criminal damage, perhaps, but it would be
ingenuous not to think that most people would support measures
that might successfully prevent crime and, especially since 11
September 2001, acts of terrorism. Surely, a terrorist, no less than
the delinquent who damaged my car, would be thwarted were a
126

18. CCTV cameras police the streets of many cities

Law

CCTV to record his (or, less likely, her) every move? Law-abiding
citizens must feel safer in the knowledge that this surveillance is
taking place. And why not? Polls conﬁrm their wide support. Who
but the robber, abductor, or bomber has anything to fear from the
monitoring of his or her activities in public places? Nor should
it stop there. Advances in technology render the tracking of an
individual’s ﬁnancial transactions and email communications
simple. The introduction of ‘smart’ ID cards, the use of biometrics,
and electronic road pricing represent major developments in
methods of surveillance. Only the malevolent could legitimately
object to these effective methods of crime control. Would that this
comforting view were true.
We cannot afford to pussyfoot with terrorists, but how far
should we be willing to trade our freedom for security? In
the immediate aftermath of the events of 11 September 2001,
politicians, especially in the United States, have understandably
sought to enhance the powers of the state to detain suspects
for interrogation, intercept communications, and monitor the
activities of those who might be engaged in terrorism. The law
faces formidable difﬁculties here. Draconian powers are probably
unavoidable during times of war: arbitrary powers of arrest and
detention, imprisonment without trial, secret trials, and the
like. How long can a free society tolerate these infringements of
liberty? What lasting damage may be inﬂicted on the rule of law
and individual rights? Can the law continue to protect citizens or
will citizens need protection from the law? Are the courts able to
act as a bulwark against these attacks on freedom?
A vivid example of a society that attempted a comprehensive
assault on ‘terrorism’ is apartheid South Africa. Heavy-handed
laws made substantial legislative inroads into the jurisdiction
of the courts in the realm of civil liberties. The removal of the
authority of the judiciary to question the exercise of executive
power under a wide range of circumstances considerably
attenuated the authority of judges. The ever-increasing sphere
128

of unchecked executive discretion in matters of fundamental
liberty such as detention, deportation, banning, and censorship
reduced the members of the judiciary to impotent spectators of
administrative action. This was a grotesque distortion of their
calling. Moreover, even where a courageous judge was able to
interpret the law in favour of liberty, he was, in practice, likely to
have his efforts frustrated by legislation to nullify its effect.

Furthermore, most legal systems face unresolved dilemmas in
several of the disciplines discussed in Chapter 2. Some of these
problems were touched upon there. They are both substantive
and procedural, and include several quandaries concerning the
criminal justice system. What is the future of the criminal trial
in the face of complex commercial offences, often involving
sophisticated know-how? Is the jury trial appropriate in these
circumstances, or at all? Is the civil law inquisitorial system
preferable to the common law adversarial approach? In many
jurisdictions, access to the law is patchy. The poor are not always
provided with adequate access to the courts and other institutions
of dispute resolution. No less prickly issues beleaguer private
law. For example, many legal systems wrestle with the difﬁcult
question of compensation for personal injuries, and the effect of
insurance on the award of damages.
While the law on its own can never transform, or indeed conserve,
the social order and its values, it has the capacity to inﬂuence
and shape attitudes. Efforts to achieve social justice through law
129

The future of the law

A less egregious engine of change is the internationalization or
globalization of law. The world has witnessed an escalation in the
inﬂuence and importance of international (the United Nations)
or regional organizations (such as the European Union). These
sources of law diminish the authority of domestic law. Nor has the
law been spared the McDonald’s effect of powerful multinational
corporations inﬂuencing the character of banking, investments,
consumer markets, and so on. All have a direct impact on the law.

Law

have not been an unqualiﬁed success. Statutes outlawing racial
discrimination, for example, represent only a modest advance in
the cause of equality. While little can be accomplished without
legal intervention, the limits of law need to be acknowledged.
There is a growing tendency to legalize moral and social
problems, and even to assume that the values underpinning
democratic Western legal systems, and their institutions, can be
fruitfully exported or transplanted to less developed countries.
This may be a Utopian view. Equally sanguine may be the
proposition that economic development necessarily presages
respect for human rights, as is frequently contended in the case
of China.
Modern governments espouse highly ambitious legislative
programmes that frequently verge upon social engineering.
To what extent can legislation genuinely improve society,
combat discrimination and injustice? Or are courts more
appropriate vehicles for social change? Where, as in the United
States, a vigorous Supreme Court has the clout to declare laws
unconstitutional, the legislature has no choice but to fall in line,
as it did following the seminal case of Brown v Board of Education
of Topeka in 1954. A unanimous court declared the establishment
of separate public schools for black and white students ‘inherently
unequal’. This landmark decision opened the doors (literally) to
integration and the birth of the Civil Rights Movement. Though
discrimination will always exist, few would deny that the case
changed the law – and society – for the better.

Da Vinci’s code
The time will come when people such as I will look upon the
murder of (other) animals as they now look upon the murder
of human beings.
Leonardo da Vinci

130

Without effective enforcement, laws cannot fulﬁl their noble
aspirations. Legislation prohibiting animal cruelty is a case
in point. Vivisection, battery farming, the fur trade, hunting,
trapping, circuses, zoos, and rodeos are merely some of the
practices, apart from the direct intentional inﬂiction of pain
on an animal, that cause misery and suffering to millions of
creatures around the world every day. Anti-cruelty statutes have
been enacted in many jurisdictions, yet in the absence of rigorous
enforcement, these laws constitute mostly empty promises. And
enforcement is a major hurdle: detection is largely dependent
on inspectors who lack the power of arrest, prosecutors who
rarely regard animal cruelty cases as a high priority, and judges
who seldom impose adequate punishment, not that the statutory
penalty is itself sufﬁciently stringent.
In an increasingly anxious world, there is an understandable
tendency to look to the law to resolve the manifold threats to our
future. In recent years, the dangers of pollution, depletion of the
131

The future of the law

19. Whatever legal status we accord animals, a major obstacle in
the path of genuine protection of their welfare is the inadequate
enforcement of the law

The law and the suffering of animals

Law

The day may come, when the rest of the animal creation may
acquire those rights which never could have been withholden
from them but by the hand of tyranny. The French have
already discovered that the blackness of skin is no reason why
a human being should be abandoned without redress to the
caprice of a tormentor. It may come one day to be recognized,
that the number of legs, the villosity of the skin, or the
termination of the os sacrum, are reasons equally insufﬁcient
for abandoning a sensitive being to the same fate. What else
is it that should trace the insuperable line? Is it the faculty
of reason, or perhaps, the faculty for discourse? … [T]he
question is not, Can they reason? nor, Can they talk? but, Can
they suffer? Why should the law refuse its protection to any
sensitive being? … The time will come when humanity will
extend its mantle over everything which breathes ...
Jeremy Bentham,
Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation

ozone layer, global warming, and other threats to the survival of
many species of animal, marine, bird, and plant life have assumed
a higher proﬁle. A growing number of states have introduced
legislation to attempt to limit or control the destruction of the
planet. The law, however, often proves to be a rather blunt
instrument. For example, in the case of the criminal liability
of a company for pollution, a conviction depends on proof that
those who control the company had the requisite knowledge or
intention. This is notoriously difﬁcult to prove. And even where
these acts are strict liability offences, the ﬁnes imposed by courts
have a limited deterrent effect. It may be that the numerous
international treaties, conventions, and declarations on almost
every aspect of environmental protection are likely to be more
effective, though, as with the law, the predictable stumbling block
is effective enforcement.
132

Technological challenges

Information is no longer merely power. It is big business. In
recent years, the fastest growing component of international trade
is the service sector. It accounts for more than one-third of world
trade – and continues to expand. It is a commonplace to identify,
as a central feature of modern industrialized societies, their
dependence on the storage of information. The use of computers
facilitates, of course, considerably greater efﬁciency and velocity
in the collection, storage, retrieval, and transfer of information.
The everyday functions of the state as well as private bodies
require a continual supply of data about individuals in order to
administer effectively the numerous services that are integral
133

The future of the law

There is nothing new about the law’s struggle to keep abreast with
technology. Yet the last 20 years have witnessed an unprecedented
transformation of the contest. Digital disquiet easily spawns
alarm and anxiety. The emergence of information technology,
to select only one obvious instance, poses enormous challenges
to the law. Attempts legally to control the Internet, its operation
or content, have been notoriously unsuccessful. Indeed, its very
anarchy and resistance to regulation is, in the minds of many, its
strength and attraction. But is cyberspace beyond regulation? The
distinguished legal academic Lawrence Lessig has persuasively
argued that it is susceptible to control, not necessarily by law, but
through its essential make-up, its ‘code’: software and hardware
that constitute cyberspace. That code, he suggests, can either
produce a place where freedom prevails or one of oppressive
control. Indeed, commercial considerations increasingly render
cyberspace decidedly amenable to regulation; it has become a
place in which conduct is more strongly controlled than in real
space. In the end, he maintains, it is a matter for us to determine;
the choice is one of architecture: what sort of code should govern
cyberspace, and who will control it? And in this respect, the
central legal issue is code. We need to choose the values and
principles which should animate that code.

to contemporary life and the expectations of citizens. Thus, to
mention only the most conspicuous examples, the provision of
health care, social security, and the prevention and detection of
crime by the law enforcement authorities assume the accessibility
of a vast quantity of such data, and, hence, a willingness of the
public to furnish them. Equally in the private sector, the provision
of credit, insurance, and employment generate an almost
insatiable hunger for information.

Law

Big Brother?
The future is unlikely to witness an escalation of our privacy.
Can the law curb the apparently relentless slide towards an
Orwellian nightmare? ‘Low-tech’ collection of transactional data
in both the public and private sector has become commonplace.
In addition to the routine surveillance by CCTV in public places,
the monitoring of mobile telephones, the workplace, vehicles,
electronic communications, and online activity are increasingly
taken for granted in most advanced societies. The escalating use
of surveillance in the workplace, for example, is changing not
only the character of that environment, but also the very nature of
what we do and how we do it. The knowledge that our activities
are, or even may be, monitored, undermines our psychological
and emotional autonomy. Indeed, the slide towards electronic
supervision may fundamentally alter our relationships and our
identity. In such a world, employees are arguably less likely
to execute their duties effectively. If that occurs, the snooping
employer will, in the end, secure the precise opposite of what he
hopes to achieve.
The privacy prognosis is not encouraging; the future promises
more sophisticated and alarming intrusions into our private lives,
including the greater use of biometrics, and sense-enhanced
searches such as satellite monitoring, penetrating walls
and clothing, and ‘smart dust’ devices (minuscule wireless
micro-electromechanical sensors (MEMS) that can detect
134

20. Sinn Fein President, Gerry Adams, displays the sophisticated
listening equipment and digital tracking device discovered in a car
used by the party

Law

everything from light to vibrations). These so-called ‘motes’ – as
tiny as a grain of sand – would collect data that could be sent via
two-way band radio between motes up to 1,000 feet away.
As cyberspace becomes an increasingly perilous domain, we
learn daily of new, alarming assaults on its citizens. This slide
towards pervasive surveillance coincides with the mounting
fears, expressed well before 11 September, about the disturbing
capacity of the new technology to undermine our liberty. Reports
of the fragility of privacy have, of course, been sounded for at least
a century. But in the last decade they have assumed a more
urgent form. And here lies a paradox. On the one hand, recent
advances in the power of computers have been decried as the
nemesis of whatever vestiges of our privacy still survive. On
the other, the Internet is acclaimed as a Utopia. When clichés
contend, it is imprudent to expect sensible resolutions of the
problems they embody, but between these two exaggerated
claims, something resembling the truth probably resides. In
respect of the future of privacy, at least, there can be little doubt
that the legal questions are changing before our eyes. And if, in
the ﬂat-footed domain of atoms, we have achieved only limited
success in protecting individuals against the depredations of
surveillance, how much better the prospects in our brave new
binary world?
When our security is under siege, so – inevitably – is our liberty.
A world in which our every movement is observed erodes the very
freedom this snooping is often calculated to protect. Naturally,
we need to ensure that the social costs of the means employed
to enhance security do not outweigh the beneﬁts. Thus, one
unsurprising consequence of the installation of CCTV in car
parks, shopping malls, airports, and other public places is the
displacement of crime; offenders simply go somewhere else. And,
apart from the doors this intrusion opens to totalitarianism,
a surveillance society can easily generate a climate of mistrust
and suspicion, a reduction in the respect for law and those who
136

enforce it, and an intensiﬁcation of prosecution of offences that
are susceptible to easy detection and proof.

At the heart of these laws are two central canons of fair
information practice that speak for themselves: the ‘use limitation’
and ‘purpose speciﬁcation’ principles. They require rejuvenation
where they already exist, and urgent adoption where they do not
(most conspicuously, and indefensibly, in the United States). They
may, moreover, be able to provide complementary safeguards for
individual privacy in cyberspace.
The future of the right to privacy depends in large part on the
ability of the law to formulate an adequately clear deﬁnition of
the concept itself. This is not only a consequence of the inherent
vagueness of the notion of privacy, but also because the ‘right of
137

The future of the law

Though data protection legislation has been enacted in more
than 30 jurisdictions, its scope is limited. At its core is the simple
proposition that data relating to an identiﬁable individual
should not be collected in the absence of a genuine purpose
and the consent of the individual concerned. At a slightly
higher level of abstraction, it encapsulates the principle of what
the German Constitutional Court has called ‘informational
self-determination’ – a postulate that expresses a fundamental
democratic ideal. But the enactment of data protection legislation
is driven only partly by altruism. The new information technology
disintegrates national borders; international trafﬁc in personal
data is a routine feature of commercial life. The protection
afforded to personal data in Country A is, in a digital world,
rendered nugatory when it is retrieved on a computer in Country
B in which there are no controls over its use. Hence, states with
data protection laws frequently proscribe the transfer of data to
countries that lack them. Indeed, the European Union has in one
of its several directives explicitly sought to annihilate these ‘data
havens’. Without data protection legislation, countries risk being
shut out of the rapidly expanding information business.

Law

21. The use of DNA evidence has become a routine feature of criminal
investigation in many countries

privacy’ has conspicuously failed to provide adequate support to
the private realm when it is intruded upon by competing rights
and interests, especially freedom of expression. In our burgeoning
information age, the vulnerability of privacy is likely to intensify
unless this central democratic value is translated into simple
language that is capable of effective regulation.
Other developments have comprehensively altered fundamental
features of the legal landscape. The law has been profoundly
affected and challenged by numerous other advances in
technology. Computer fraud, identity theft, and other
‘cybercrimes’, and the pirating of digital music, are touched on
below. Developments in biotechnology such as cloning, stem
cell research, and genetic engineering provoke thorny ethical
questions and confront traditional legal concepts. Proposals to
introduce identity cards and biometrics have attracted strong
objections in several jurisdictions. The nature of criminal trials
has been transformed by the use of both DNA and CCTV evidence.

138

Big Brother already appears to be alive and well in several
countries. Britain, for example, boasts more than 4 million
CCTV cameras in public places: roughly one for every 14
inhabitants. It also possesses the world’s largest DNA
database, comprising some 3.6 million DNA samples. The
temptation to install CCTV cameras by both the public and
private sector is not easy to resist. Data protection law ostensibly
controls its use, but such regulation has not proved especially
effective. A radical solution, adopted in Denmark, is to prohibit
their use, subject to certain exceptions such as petrol stations.
The law in Sweden, France, and Holland is more stringent than in
the United Kingdom. They adopt a licensing system, and the law
requires that warning signs be placed on the periphery of the zone
monitored. German law has a similar requirement.

139

The future of the law

22. ID cards of various kinds are widespread throughout the
world, though fairly rare in common law jurisdictions. The rise
in international terrorism has fuelled the demand for their
introduction in several countries. But their capacity to merge
personal information from numerous sources poses threats to
individual privacy

The dark side of biometrics

Law

Biometrics is one of the most serious among the many
technologies of surveillance that are threatening the freedom
of individuals and of societies.
In one possible future, biometrics will fall into ill-repute
in relatively free countries. But in authoritarian countries,
biometrics will be successfully imposed on the population,
resulting in freedoms being reduced even further. Biometrics
providers will ﬂourish by selling their technology to
repressive governments, and achieve footholds in relatively
free countries by looking for soft targets, starting in some
cases with animals, and in others with captive populations
like the frail aged, prisoners, employees, insurance
consumers, and welfare recipients. All relatively free
countries will become more repressive. Public conﬁdence
in corporations and government agencies will spiral much
lower. This scenario leads away from freedoms, and towards
subjugation of the individual to powerful organizations.
The other alternative is that societies appreciate the
seriousness of the threats, and impose substantial constraints
on technologies and their use. This demands commitment
by the public, and courage by elected representatives, who
must withstand pressure from large corporations, and from
the national security and law enforcement apparatus that
invokes such bogeymen as terrorism, illegal immigration,
and domestic law and order as justiﬁcations for the
implementation of repressive technologies. This scenario
embodies scope for achieving balance among the needs of
individuals and society as a whole.
Roger Clarke, ‘Biometrics and Privacy’
http://www.anu.edu.au/people/Roger.Clarke/DV/Biometrics.html

140

New wrongs and rights
Advances in technology are predictably accompanied by new
forms of mischief. Today it is ‘podslurping’ (see below); tomorrow
it is another evil facilitated by the digital world we now inhabit.
The law is not always the most effective or appropriate instrument
to deploy against these novel depredations. Technology itself
frequently offers superior solutions. In the case of the Internet,
for example, a variety of measures exist to protect personal data
online. These include the encryption, economization, and erasure
of personal data.
While new-fangled wrongs will continue to emerge, some
transgressions are simply digital versions of old ones. Among the
141

The future of the law

In order to counter the threat of terrorism, the future will
unquestionably witness an increased use of biometrics. Biometrics
includes, in particular, a number of measures of human
physiography such as ﬁngerprints, aspects of the iris and ear lobes,
and DNA. The Australian privacy advocate Roger Clarke provides
the following examples of characteristics on which biometric
technologies can be based: one’s appearance (supported by still
images), e.g., descriptions used in passports, such as height,
weight, colour of skin, hair, and eyes, visible physical markings,
gender, race, facial hair, wearing of glasses; natural physiography,
e.g., skull measurements, teeth and skeletal injuries, thumbprint,
ﬁngerprint sets, handprints, retinal scans, ear lobe capillary
patterns, hand geometry, DNA patterns; bio-dynamics, e.g., the
manner in which one’s signature is written, statistically analysed
voice characteristics, keystroke dynamics, particularly login-ID
and password; social behaviour (supported by video-ﬁlm), e.g.,
habituated body signals, general voice characteristics, style of
speech, visible handicaps; imposed physical characteristics, e.g.,
dog tags, collars, bracelets and anklets, bar codes and other kinds
of brands, embedded micro-chips and transponders. The law will
need to respond to this dangerous trend.

Law

more obvious novel threats, there are a number which tease the
law’s capacity to respond to new offences. These include complex
problems arising largely from the ease with which data, software,
or music may be copied. The pillars upon which intellectual
property law was constructed have been shaken. This incorporates
the law of patents (see below) and trademarks, especially in
respect of domain names. Defective software gives rise to potential
contractual and tortious claims for compensation. The storage
of data on mobile telephones and other devices relentlessly tests
the law’s ability to protect the innocent against the ‘theft’ of
information. New threats emerge almost daily. Employers have
been warned of the relative ease with which their workers may
appropriate data by ‘podslurping’, a simple operation that consists
in the unauthorized downloading of data from a computer to a
small device such as an iPod, MP3 player, or ﬂash drive.

Internet iniquity
Malevolent websites are multiplying by the day. A study by
Google in May found 450,000 booby-trapped pages out of a
sample of 4.5 million pages. A further 700,000 looked likely
to be dangerous. Most of the websites exploit weaknesses
in Microsoft’s Internet Explorer browser … increasingly
common are sites that steal private details or turn your
computer into a ‘bot’ – one which is remotely controlled by
someone else. Bots can be used to harvest email addresses,
send spam and conduct attacks on corporate websites. Then
there are the ‘Denial of Service’ (DoS) attacks, which use
armies of ‘bots’ – or ‘zombies’ – to ﬂood company websites
with fake data requests. The words conjure up images
from Night of the Living Dead and the reality is the online
equivalent of consuming a living person’s ﬂesh, as hundreds
of thousands of ‘zombies’ attack a website until they’ve
taken it ofﬂine – which can disable it for days and lose the

142

Edie G. Lush, ‘How Cyber-Crime Became
a Multi-Billion-Pound Industry’, The Spectator, 16 June 2007

Criminals have not been slow to exploit the law’s frailties.
Cybercrime poses new challenges for criminal justice, criminal
law, and law enforcement both nationally and internationally.
Innovative online criminals generate major headaches for
police, prosecutors, and courts. This new terrain incorporates
cybercrimes against the person (such as cyber-stalking and
cyber-pornography), and cybercrimes against property (such as
hacking, viruses, causing damage to data), cyber-fraud, identity
theft, and cyber-terrorism. Cyberspace provides organized crime
with more sophisticated and potentially more secure methods
for supporting and developing networks for a range of criminal
activities, including drug and arms trafﬁcking, money laundering,
and smuggling.
143

The future of the law

company a fortune. Usually the attacks are accompanied by
demands for money. Gambling and porn sites were among
the ﬁrst to get hit: reluctant to seek police help, they paid the
ransom – often to accounts in Russia or Eastern Europe … Of
course there are defences against hackers, and you’d be
mad not to install anti-virus, anti-spyware and anti-spam
software on your personal computer … [T]he future looks
even more terrifying. Simon Church of VeriSign says the
online auction sites that criminals use to sell user details
are just the beginning. He foresees one of the web’s current
favourites – ‘mashup’ sites that put together different
databases – being turned to illicit use. ‘Imagine if a hacker
put together information he’d harvested from a travel
company’s database with Google Maps. He could provide a
tech-savvy burglar with the driving directions of how to get to
your empty house the minute you go on holiday.’ I don’t know
about you, but that’s enough to make me resort to carrier
pigeons and cash.

Protecting software

Law

Complex legal (and, in the United States, constitutional) issues
surround the question of patenting software. A patent is the
grant of an exclusive right to exploit or develop an invention.
With the introduction of various forms of computer programs
and other types of software, the law will continue to grapple
with challenging, and often perplexing, problems as to whether
there is sufﬁcient novelty in the software to justify patentability.
In general, the law takes the view that computer programs are
not patentable unless they constitute a genuine invention with
industrial application.
There is, on the other hand, a greater readiness to provide
copyright protection to software, web pages, and even email
messages since their owners have, as the name implies, the right
to copy the material and, by extension, the right to prevent others
from doing so. Software piracy has grown into a signiﬁcant
menace to major software producers such as Microsoft, but the
issue is extremely controversial since, though it is clear that
certain countries (China, Vietnam) engage in the wholesale
copying of software, it is argued that the huge losses (up to 12
billion US dollars) that companies such as Microsoft claim they
suffer is illusory because many of those who purchase pirated
software are unable to afford legitimate versions. Moreover, it is
contended by opponents of copyright for computer programs such
as the Free Software Foundation that ‘ ‘‘free software” is a matter
of liberty, not price. To understand the concept, you should think
of “free” as in “free speech,” not as in “free beer.” Free software is a
matter of the users’ freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change
and improve the software.’
But, as mentioned above, some wrongs have simply undergone a
digital rebirth. For example, the tort of defamation has found a
congenial new habitat in cyberspace. The law in most jurisdictions

144

protects the reputation of persons through the tort of defamation
or its equivalent. It will be recalled that while there are variations
within common law jurisdictions, the law generally imposes
liability where the defendant intentionally or negligently publishes
a false, unprivileged statement of fact that harms the plaintiff ’s
reputation. Civil law systems, instead of recognizing a separate
head tort of defamation protect reputation under the wing of
rights of the personality. In cyberspace, however, national borders
tend to disintegrate, and such distinctions lose much of their
importance.

In an important, if somewhat unclear, decision, a New York
court held an Internet service provider, Prodigy, responsible
for defamatory statements that appeared on its bulletin
boards. The basis of the judgment was that Prodigy was a
‘publisher’ – principally because it had exercised editorial control
over the content of its bulletin boards. In pursuit of this objective,
it had posted ‘content guidelines’ to its users, and it employed
a software screening program to screen postings for offensive
language. An earlier New York decision had decided that another
service provider, CompuServe, was not liable for defamatory
statements that appeared on one of its online forums. The
judgment was based on the fact that the defendants were merely
distributors rather than actual publishers. It was the functional
equivalent of a lending library. Under these circumstances, free
speech should prevail. An English decision that settled before a
full trial was held rejected the ISP’s argument that it was merely
an innocent purveyor of information.

145

The future of the law

The advent of email, chat rooms, bulletin boards, newsgroups,
and blogs provide fertile ground for defamatory statements
online. Since the law normally requires publication to only one
person other than the victim, an email message or posting on a
newsgroup will sufﬁce to found liability. But it is not merely the
author of the libel who may be liable.

Law

Tomorrow’s courts and lawyers
It is not merely the law but its institutions and practitioners
whose future will be profoundly affected by the developments
in information technology. It is improbable that judges will be
replaced by computers (though this prospect is not without its
supporters), but the administration of justice in many advanced
societies has already undergone signiﬁcant changes and will
continue to do so. The courts of several jurisdictions already
beneﬁt from access to legal materials that previously would
have consumed long hours of research. Virtual law libraries
with sophisticated search facilities enable judges, lawyers, legal
academics, and ordinary members of society to obtain rapid access
to statutes, cases, and other sources of law. This will be especially
helpful to less afﬂuent countries with limited legal resources.
Increasingly, judgments of the courts are posted on the Internet
almost immediately after they have been handed down. There
are already several excellent online legal databases such as
ﬁndlaw.com and austlii.com.
The electronic transcription of court proceedings, the
management of cases, and standardization of electronic
documents will continue to enhance the judicial process,
streamlining and reducing notorious delays. The sight of a judge
laboriously taking written notes is already disappearing, but
voice-recognition technology will obviate the need for note-taking
of any kind. Both evidence and legal sources can effortlessly be
retrieved electronically. A more radical development might be
the establishment of virtual courts in which the parties conduct
proceedings without the need for corporeal proximity, thereby
decreasing cost and delay.
Many of these advances (and there will be others) are likely to
generate signiﬁcant advantages for the ordinary individual seeking
access to justice. Once legal information and services become
more widely available, it ought to follow that the grandiose
146

ambitions of the law and legal system will be more effectively
accomplished. The role of lawyers and the administration of
justice will, in the words of Richard Susskind:
no longer be dominated by print and paper in tomorrow’s legal
paradigm. Instead, legal systems of the information society will
evolve rapidly under the considerable inﬂuence of ever more
powerful information technologies. We will no longer suffer
from the excessive quantity and complexity of legal material.
There will be mechanisms in place to give everyone fair warning
of the existence of new law and changes in old. Legal risks will
be managed in advance of problems occurring and so dispute
pre-emption rather than dispute resolution will be the order of the
day. Our law will thus become far more fully integrated with our
domestic, social and business lives.

The death of copyright?
The anarchist revolution in music is different from the one
in software tout court, but here too – as any teenager with an
MP3 collection of self-released music from unsigned artists
can tell you – theory has been killed off by the facts. Whether
you are Mick Jagger, or a great national artist from the third
world looking for a global audience, or a garret-dweller
reinventing music, the recording industry will soon have
nothing to offer you that you can’t get better for free. And
music doesn’t sound worse when distributed for free, pay
what you want directly to the artist, and don’t pay anything if
you don’t want to. Give it to your friends; they might like it.
Eben Moglen, ‘Anarchism Triumphant: Free Software and
the Death of Copyright’, in Eli Lederman and Ron Shapira (eds),
Law, Information and Information Technology (The Hague: Kluwer Law
International, Law and Electronic Commerce Series, 2001), pp. 145, 170–1

147

The future of the law

Who would not welcome this sanguine prophecy?

Law

Today’s Legal Paradigm

Tomorrow’s Legal Paradigm

Legal service

Legal service

One-to-one

One-to-many

Reactive service

Proactive service

Time-based billing

Commodity pricing

Restrictive

Empowering

Defensive

Pragmatic

Legal focus

Business focus

Legal process

Legal process

Legal problem-solving

Legal risk management

Dispute resolution

Dispute pre-emption

Publication of law

Promulgation of law

Dedicated legal profession

Legal specialists and information
engineers

Print-based

IT-based legal systems

The role of law in a precarious world
As it unfolds, the 21st century yields few reasons to be cheerful.
Our world continues to be blighted by war, genocide, poverty,
disease, corruption, bigotry, and greed. More than one-sixth of
148

its inhabitants – over a billion people – live on less than $1 a day.
Over 800 million go to bed hungry every night, representing
14% of the world’s population. The United Nations estimates
that hunger claims the lives of about 25,000 people every day.
The relationship between poverty and disease is unambiguous.
In respect of HIV/AIDS, for example, 95% of cases occur in
developing countries. Two-thirds of the 40 million people infected
with HIV live in sub-Saharan Africa.

The adoption by the United Nations, in the grim shadow of the
Holocaust, of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948,
and the International Covenants on Civil and Political Rights, and
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in 1976, demonstrates, even
to the most sceptical observer, a commitment by the international
community to the universal conception and protection of human
rights. As mentioned above, this so-called International Bill of
Rights, with its inevitably protean and slightly kaleidoscopic
ideological character, reﬂects an extraordinary measure of
cross-cultural consensus among nations.
The idea of human rights has passed through three generations.
The ﬁrst generation consisted of mostly ‘negative’ civil and
political rights. A right is negative in the sense that it entails a
right not to be interfered with in certain prohibited ways, for
example my right to speak freely. A right is positive, on the other
149

The future of the law

Amid these gloomy statistics, occasional shafts of light appear to
justify optimism. There has been some progress in diminishing at
least some of the inequality and injustice that afﬂict individuals
and groups in many parts of the world. And this has been, in no
small measure, an important achievement of the law. It is easy,
and always fashionable, to disparage the law, and especially
lawyers, for neglecting – or even aggravating – the world’s misery.
Yet such cynicism is increasingly unfounded in the light of the
progress, albeit lumbering, in the legal recognition and protection
of human rights.

Law

hand, when it expresses a claim to something such as education
or health or legal representation. These second-generation rights
crowd under the umbrella of economic, social, and cultural rights.
The third generation of rights comprises primarily collective
rights which are foreshadowed in Article 28 of the Universal
Declaration which declares that ‘everyone is entitled to a social
and international order in which the rights set forth in this
Declaration can be fully realized’. These ‘solidarity’ rights include
the right to social and economic development and to participate
in and beneﬁt from the resources of the earth and space, scientiﬁc
and technical information (which are especially important to
the Third World), the right to a healthy environment, peace, and
humanitarian disaster relief.
It is sometimes contended that unwarranted primacy is given to
positive rights at the expense of negative rights. The latter, it is
argued, are the ‘genuine’ human rights, since without food, water,
and shelter, the former are a luxury. The reality, however, is that
both sets of rights are equally important. Democratic governments
that respect free speech are more likely to address the needs of the
poor. And, on the other hand, in societies where economic and
social rights are protected, democracy has an enhanced prospect
of success since people are not preoccupied with concerns about
their next meal.
Misgivings surrounding the concept of human rights are not new.
Marxists, for example, have long rejected the very idea that the
law can be a neutral body of rules which guarantees liberty and
legality. They spurn, in short, the ideal of the rule of law. Others
of a communitarian disposition dislike the individualism implicit
in human rights. Qualms are expressed by those who perceive
the expanding recognition of human rights as undermining the
‘war on terror’. Still others ﬁnd many of the rights expressed in
declarations to be incoherent or cast in such vague and general
terms, and weakened by inevitable exclusions and exemptions,
that often they appear to take away with one hand what they give
150

with the other. In impoverished countries, modern conceptions
of human rights are at times regarded with suspicion as Western
or Eurocentric, failing to address the problems of starvation,
poverty, and suffering that afﬂict many of their people. Indeed, it
is asserted that they merely shore up the prevailing distribution of
wealth and power.

Law and the state
Modern law’s strength is as a technical instrument of
government, and as a medium of power. Legal ideas, as
a framework of understanding of the character of social
life, are moulded in numerous situations and processes of
social interaction – in confrontations in the courtroom,
negotiations in lawyers’ ofﬁces, the regulation or
containment of disputes in neighbourhood settings, the
bargaining practices of regulatory agencies, the elaboration
of police culture, and so on. Nevertheless, the character of
law as institutionalized doctrine is most strongly shaped
by coercive state power which stands in the shadows or
sometimes clearly in view in all those settings where state law
is invoked or impossible to avoid.
Roger Cotterrell, The Sociology of Law:
An Introduction, 2nd edn (OUP, 1992), p. 312

151

The future of the law

These, and many other, doubts about the development of human
rights are not to be lightly dismissed. Nor should we be under any
illusion that international, or indeed domestic, declarations or the
agencies that exist to implement them are adequate. They provide
the contours of a strategy for improved protection. The role of the
numerous non-governmental organizations (NGOs), independent
human rights commissions, pressure groups, and courageous
individuals are of paramount importance. The growing body of
law on the subject does promote a degree of optimism about the
future well-being of humanity. In view of our planet’s ecological

despoliation and even potential nuclear immolation, it is
necessary, if not essential, to conceive of rights as a weapon by
which to safeguard the interests of all living things against harm,
and to promote the circumstances under which they are able to
ﬂourish.
A fundamental shift in our social and economic systems and
structures may be the only way in which to secure a sustainable
future for our world and its inhabitants. The universal recognition
of human rights seems to be an indispensable element in this
process. The compelling rhetoric of the Marxist historian E. P.
Thompson in defence of the rule of law rings equally true in
respect of the universality of human rights:
To deny or belittle this good is, in this dangerous century when the
resources and pretensions of power continue to enlarge, a desperate

Law

error of intellectual abstraction. More than this, it is a self-fulﬁlling
error, which encourages us to give up the struggle against bad laws
and class bound procedures, and to disarm ourselves before power.
It is to throw away a whole inheritance of struggle about law, and
within the forms of law, whose continuity can never be fractured
without bringing men and women into immediate danger.

This was written of the last century. These dangers have
unquestionably intensiﬁed in this troubled century.
The future will doubtless challenge the capacity of the law not
only to control domestic threats to security, but also to negotiate
a rational approach to the menace of international terror.
Public international law and the United Nations Charter will
continue to offer the optimal touchstone by which to determine
what constitutes tolerable conduct in respect of both war and
peace. ‘Humanitarian intervention’ has in recent years become
a signiﬁcant feature of the international scene. Whether it
be ethnic cleansing (Bosnia, Rwanda, Kosovo) or collapse of
governments (Somalia and several sub-Saharan states), there is
152

increasing support for action to prevent or avoid the horrors of
such gruesome ﬂashpoints. Moreover, in a world in which the law
must confront an insidious enemy within, the very foundations
of international law are severely tested. This war is waged not
between states, but by a clandestine international terrorist
network with pernicious ambitions.
It is easy, especially for lawyers, to exaggerate the signiﬁcance
of the law. Yet history teaches that the law is an essential force
in facilitating human progress. This is no small achievement.
Without law, as Thomas Hobbes famously declared,
there is no place for Industry, because the fruit thereof is uncertain;
and consequently no Culture of the Earth, no Navigation, nor use
of the commodities that may be imported by sea; no commodious
as require much force; no Knowledge of the face of the Earth, no
account of Time, no Arts, no Letters, no Society; and which is worst
of all, continual fear and danger of violent death; and the life of
people, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.

If we are to survive the calamities that await us, if civilized values
and justice are to prevail and endure, law is surely indispensable.

153

The future of the law

Building, no instruments of moving and removing such things

References

Chapter 1
‘[B]asic institutions, concepts, and values … ’: Harold J. Berman,
Law and Revolution: The Formation of the Western Legal
Tradition (Harvard University Press, 1995), p. 165.
‘Like a jewel in a brooch … ’: H. R. Hahlo and Ellison Kahn,
The South African Legal System and Its Background
(Juta, 1968), p. 218.
Learned Hand, ‘I often wonder … ’: The Spirit of Liberty: Papers
and Addresses of Learned Hand, collected, and with an
introduction and notes, by Irving Dilliard (Alfred A. Knopf,
1954), p. 190.
Alfred Denning, ‘The Need for a New Equity’, Current Legal Problems
1 (1952), 9.
H. L. A. Hart, The idea of ‘justice consists of two parts’: The Concept
of Law, 2nd edn, ed. P. A. Bulloch and J. Raz (Clarendon Press,
1994), p. 156.
Jeremy Bentham, An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and
Legislation, ed. J. H. Burns and H. L. A. Hart (Athlone Press,
1970) (The Collected Works of Jeremy Bentham, ed. J. H. Burns),
Chapter 1, para 1.
Rupert Cross, ‘Each and every pupil told me …’: Statutory
Interpretation (Butterworth, 1976), preface.
Bentham on ‘dog law’ and ‘the more antique … ’: Quoted in Gerald J.
Postema, Bentham and the Common Law Tradition (Clarendon
Press, 1989), pp. 278–9.

154

Chapter 3
H. L. A. Hart, ‘Positivism and the Separation of Law and Morals’,
Harvard Law Review 71 (1958), 593.
Lon L. Fuller, ‘Positivism and Fidelity to Law – A Reply to Professor
Hart’, Harvard Law Review 71 (1958), 530.
Report of the Committee on Homosexual Offences and Prostitution,
Chairman Sir John Wolfenden (Cmnd 247), Para 61.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty, ed. Gertrude Himmelfarb (Penguin
Books, 1974), pp. 72–3.
Patrick Devlin, The Enforcement of Morals (Oxford University Press,
1965), p. 14.
Ronald Dworkin, Life’s Dominion: An Argument about Abortion and
Euthanasia (HarperCollins, 1993), pp. 4 and 103.
United Kingdom, Abortion Act 1967, and Section 37 of the Human
Fertilization and Embryology Act 1990.

Chapter 4

Chapter 5
‘Civil law jurisdictions recognize two categories of legal
professionals ...’: Richard L. Abel and Philip S. C. Lewis, ‘Lawyers
in the Civil Law World’, in Richard L. Abel and Philip S. C. Lewis
(eds), Lawyers in Society: The Civil Law World (Beard Books,
2005), p. 4.

Chapter 6
Lawrence Lessig, Code: Version 2.0 (Basic Books, 2006).
Free Software Foundation website: http://www.fsf.or
http://www.fsf.org
g
Table on page 148 adapted from Richard E. Susskind, The Future of
Law: Facing the Challenges of Information Technology, revised edn
(Clarendon Press, 1998).
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan, ed. M. Oakeshott (Blackwell, 1960),
chapter XIII.
155

References

Edmond N. Cahn, The Sense of Injustice (Oxford University Press,
1949), p. 133.
Ronald Dworkin, Taking Rights Seriously (Duckworth, 1978).
Judith Resnick, ‘Civil Processes’, in Peter Cane and Mark Tushnet
(eds), The Oxford Handbook of Legal Studies (Oxford University
Press, 2005), p. 761.

Cases discussed

Chapter 2
Alcock v Chief Constable of South Yorkshire Police [1992] 1 A.C. 310.
(Football stadium case discussed on pages 45–6). The quote is
from Lord Hoffmann’s speech at page 914.
Associated Provincial Picture Houses Limited v Wednesbury
Corporation [1948] 1 K.B. 223.
Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Co. [1893] 1 Q.B. 256.
Donoghue v Stevenson [1932] A.C. 562 (H.L.) at 580 per Lord Atkin.
(The ‘neighbour principle’ quoted on pages 47–8.)
Hall v Brooklands Auto-Racing Club (1933) 1 K.B. 205. The ‘man on
the Clapham omnibus’ is ﬁrst mentioned by Greer L.J.
MacPherson v Buick Motor Co. 111 N.E. 1050 (N.Y. 1916).
Rylands v Fletcher (188) L.R. 3 H.L. 330.
Stilk v Myrick (1809) 2 Camp. 317, 170 Eng. Rep. 1168 (Sailor case on
pages 41–2).

Chapter 3
Shaw v Director of Public Prosecutions [1962] A.C. 220 (H.L.) at 267,
per Lord Atkin.
Roe v Wade 410 U.S. 113 (1973).
Airedale NHS Trust v Bland [1993] A.C. 789 at 824–5 per Hoffmann
L.J. and at 859 per Mustill L.J.

Chapter 4
Marbury v Madison (1803) 5 US (1 Cranch) 137.

156

Chapter 5
Gideon v Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335 (1963).
Rondel v Worsley [1969] 1 A.C. 191 at 227 (per Lord Reid). The source
of the quotation on the ‘cab-rank’ rule on pages 114–15.

Chapter 6
Brown v Board of Education of Topeka, 347 U.S. 483 (1954).
Cubby, Inc. v CompuServe Inc. 776 F. Supp. 135 (S.D.N.Y. 1991).
Stratton Oakmount v Prodigy 23 Med. L.R. 1794 (S.C., Nassau County
1995).
Godfrey v Demon [1999] EMLR 542 (English decision mentioned on
page 146).

Cases discussed

157

Legal sources: a very
short explanation

When referring to an article in a legal journal or a decision of a court,
I have included its recognized citation. This is standard practice, and,
though I have kept such references to an absolute minimum, they are
there in the hope that you might wish to peruse some of these sources
in their complete and original form.
The method of citing legal journals or law reviews is fairly
straightforward and requires no exposition here. The subject of case
citations, on the other hand, is one of huge and complex proportions
that would require a chapter-length elucidation. In any event, unlike
lawyers and law students of my generation (who were obliged to
search the shelves of dusty tomes in pursuit of an elusive law report),
today’s search engines provide instant Internet access to cases merely
by keying in the names of the parties. There are, in addition, an
assortment of databases which provide full text retrieval of cases,
legislation, and law review articles. The best known (and probably the
most comprehensive) are LexisNexis and Westlaw. Both contain an
extensive selection of legal documents. A number of websites, many of
them free, include www.bailii.or
www.bailii.org
g, www.lawreports.co.u
www.lawreports.co.uk
k, www.europa.
eu, www.echr.coe.in
www.echr.coe.intt, www.worldlii.or
www.worldlii.org
g, www.ﬁndlaw.com
ndlaw.com.
An excellent account of how to unearth the law is to be found in James
A. Holland and Julian S. Webb, Learning Legal Rules: A Student’s

158

Guide to Legal Method and Reasoning, 6th edn (Oxford University
Press, 2006), Chapter 2.

The approach is slightly different in the United States. For example,
in the case of Brown v Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954)
discussed on page 131, Brown is the plaintiff, the Board of Education,
the defendant. The number 347 is the volume number of the reports
in which the case appears. ‘U.S.’ is the abbreviation of United States
Reports. The number 483 refers to the page on which the report
begins, and 1954 is the year in which the judgment was delivered.
The system adopted in Europe and several other countries, as well as
a detailed account of the major common law citation conventions, and
those of other courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights,
are admirably described in the following Wikipedia article:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Case_citation.

159

Legal sources: a very short explanation

In order to make sense of the references in this book, however,
the following should sufﬁce. Take the English case of Donoghue v
Stevenson [1932] A.C. 562 (H.L.) mentioned on pages 47–8. In a
civil decision such as this, the name of the case is normally dictated
by those of the parties: Mrs Donoghue sued Mr Stevenson. The
date in square brackets signiﬁes that the year is an essential part of
the reference. Round brackets indicate that the year is not of major
importance, though it is included as a matter of course. ‘A.C.’ is an
abbreviation of Appeal Cases, the name of the ofﬁcial report in which
the decision appears. The number that follows is the page on which
the case appears. ‘(H.L.)’ is an abbreviation for the Judicial Committee
of the House of Lords, which decided the case.

Further reading

Chapter 1
John N. Adams and Roger Brownsword, Understanding Law, 4th edn
(Sweet and Maxwell, 2006).
P. S. Atiyah, Law and Modern Society, 2nd edn (Oxford Paperbacks,
1995).
John Austin, The Province of Jurisprudence Determined and the Uses
of the Study of Jurisprudence (Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1954).
J. H. Baker, An Introduction to English Legal History, 4th edn
(LexisNexis, 2002).
Manlio Bellomo, The Common Legal Past of Europe, 1000–1800:
4 (Studies in Medieval and Early Modern Canon Law),
tr. Lydia G. Cochrane (Catholic University of America Press, 1995).
Jeremy Bentham, A Fragment on Government; or, A Comment on the
Commentaries, 2nd edn (W. Pickering, 1823).
Jeremy Bentham, An Introduction to the Principles of Morals
and Legislation, ed. J. H. Burns and H. L. A. Hart (Athlone
Press, 1970) (The Collected Works of Jeremy Bentham, ed.
J. H. Burns).
Jeremy Bentham, Of Laws in General, ed. H. L. A. Hart (Athlone
Press, 1970) (The Collected Works of Jeremy Bentham, ed. J. H.
Burns).
Harold J. Berman, Law and Revolution: The Formation of the Western
Legal Tradition (Harvard University Press, 1995).
G. L. Certoma, The Italian Legal System (Butterworth, 1985).
Albert H. Y. Chen, An Introduction to the Legal System of the People’s
Republic of China (Butterworths Law, Asia, 1992).
160

161

Further reading

Guang Chen, Zhang Wang, Wang Chen Guang, and Zhang Xian Chu
(eds), Introduction to Chinese Law (Sweet and Maxwell, Asia,
2001).
Richard Chisholm and Garth Nettheim, Understanding Law: An
Introduction to Australia’s Legal System (Lexis Law Publishing,
1992).
J. M. J. Chorus, Introduction to Dutch Law, 3rd edn (Kluwer Law
International, 1998).
Andrew Clapham, Human Rights: A Very Short Introduction
(Oxford University Press, 2007).
Council of Europe, The Rebirth of Democracy: 12 Constitutions of
Central and Eastern Europe (Council of Europe, 1996).
François Dessemontet and Tugrul Ansay (eds), Introduction to
Swiss Law, 3rd edn (Kluwer Law International, 2004).
Albert Venn Dicey, Introduction to the Study of the Law of the
Constitution, ed. Roger E. Michener, 8th rev. edn (Liberty
Fund, 1982).
Ronald Dworkin, Taking Rights Seriously, new impression with a
reply to critics (Duckworth, 1978).
Ronald Dworkin, A Matter of Principle (Harvard University Press,
1985).
Ronald Dworkin, Law’s Empire (Belknap Press, 1986).
Catherine Elliott, Carole Geirnaert, and Florence Houssais, French
Legal System and Legal Language (Longman, 1998).
Catherine Elliott, Eric Jeanpierre, and Catherine Vernon, French Legal
System, 2nd edn (Longman, 2006).
Emily Finch and Stefan Faﬁnski, Legal Skills (Oxford University
Press, 2007).
George P. Fletcher and Steve Sheppard, American Law in a Global
Context: The Basics (Oxford University Press, 2005).
Nigel Foster and Satish Sule, The German Legal System and Laws, 3rd
edn (Oxford University Press, 2002).
Michael Freeman, Human Rights: An Interdisciplinary Approach
(Polity Press, 2002).
Lawrence M. Friedman, American Law in the Twentieth Century (Yale
University Press, 2002).
Lawrence M. Friedman, American Law: An Introduction, 2nd edn
(W. W. Norton, 1999).
Lawrence M. Friedman and Rogelio Perez-Perdomo (eds), Legal
Culture in the Age of Globalization: Latin America and Latin
Europe (Stanford University Press, 2003).

Law

Yash Ghai, Hong Kong’s New Constitutional Order: The Resumption
of Chinese Sovereignty and the Basic Law, 2nd edn (Hong Kong
University Press, 1999).
Robert Gleave and Eugenia Kermeli (eds), Islamic Law: Theory and
Practice (B. Tauris, 2001).
H. Patrick Glenn, Legal Traditions of the World: Sustainable Diversity
in Law (Oxford University Press, 2007).
H. Patrick Glenn, On Common Laws (Oxford University Press, 2007).
Stephen Guest, Ronald Dworkin, 2nd edn (Edinburgh University
Press, 1997).
H. R. Hahlo and Ellison Kahn, The South African Legal System and
Its Background (Juta, 1968).
John Owen Haley, The Spirit of Japanese Law (University of Georgia
Press, 2006).
Phil Harris, Introduction to Law, 7th edn (Cambridge University
Press, 2007).
H. L. A. Hart, The Concept of Law, ed. P. A. Bulloch and J. Raz, 2nd
edn (Clarendon Press, 1994).
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan, ed. M. Oakeshott (Blackwell, 1960).
Tony Honoré, About Law: An Introduction (Oxford University Press,
1996).
K. D. Kerameus and P. J. Kozyris, Introduction to Greek Law, 2nd edn
(Kluwer Law International, 1988).
Michael Lobban, White Man’s Justice: South African Political Trials
in the Black Consciousness Era (Clarendon Press, 1996).
Michael Loewe and Edward L. Shaughnessy (eds), The Cambridge
History of Ancient China: From the Origins of Civilization to
221 BC (Cambridge University Press, 1999).
Stanley B. Lubman, Bird in a Cage: Legal Reform in China after Mao
(Stanford University Press, 2002).
Chibli Mallat, Introduction to Middle Eastern Law (Oxford University
Press, 2007).
Elizabeth Martin and Jonathan Law (eds), A Dictionary of Law
(Oxford Paperback Reference, Oxford University Press, 2006).
Elena Merino-Blanco, Spanish Law and Legal System, 2nd edn
(Sweet and Maxwell, 2005).
John Henry Merryman, The Civil Law Tradition: Introduction to
the Legal Systems of Western Europe and Latin America, 2nd edn
(Stanford University Press, 1969).
S. F. C. Milsom, Historical Foundations of the Common Law, 2nd edn
(LexisNexis, 1981).
162

163

Further reading

R. D. Mulholland, Introduction to the New Zealand Legal System
(Butterworths Law, New Zealand, 1990).
Barry Nicholas, An Introduction to Roman Law (Clarendon Press,
1975).
Manfred Nowak, Introduction to the International Human
Rights Regime: No. 14 (Raoul Wallenberg Institute Series of
Intergovernmental Human Rights Documentation, 2005).
Lester Bernhardt Orﬁeld, The Growth of Scandinavian Law (Lawbook
Exchange Ltd, 2002).
Vernon V. Palmer, Mixed Jurisdictions Worldwide: The Third Legal
Family (Cambridge University Press, 2007).
Martin Partington, Introduction to the English Legal System, 3rd edn
(Oxford University Press, 2006).
Amanda Perreau-Saussine and James B. Murphy (eds), The Nature of
Customary Law: Legal, Historical and Philosophical Perspectives
(Cambridge University Press, 2007).
Richard A. Posner, Law and Legal Theory in England and America
(Clarendon Press, 1996).
Gerald J. Postema, Bentham and the Common Law Tradition
(Clarendon Press, 1989).
Ravi Prakesh, The Constitution, Fundamental Rights and Judicial
Activism in India (Mangal Deep, India, 1998).
John Rawls, A Theory of Justice (Oxford University Press, 1973).
John Rawls, Political Liberalism (Columbia University Press,
1993).
Geoffrey Robertson, Crimes Against Humanity: The Struggle for
Global Justice (Penguin Books, 2006).
Lawrence Rosen, The Anthropology of Justice: Law as Culture in
Islamic Society (Cambridge University Press, 1989).
Malise Ruthven, Islam: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford University
Press, 1997).
William A. Schabas, An Introduction to the International Criminal
Court, 2nd edn (Cambridge University Press, 2004).
Brij Kishore Sharma, Introduction to the Constitution of India
(Prentice-Hall, India, 2005).
Robert J. Sharpe and Kent Roach, The Charter of Rights and
Freedoms, 3rd edn (Essentials of Canadian Law, Irwin Law, 2005).
A. W. B. Simpson, Invitation to Law (Blackwell, 1988).
Gary Slapper, How the Law Works (Collins, 2007).
Peter Stein, Roman Law in European History (Cambridge University
Press, 1999).

Law

Alexander Vereshchagin, Judicial Law-Making in Post-Soviet Russia
(UCL Press, 2007).
Raymond Wacks (ed.), The Future of the Law in Hong Kong (Oxford
University Press, China, 1991).
Raymond Wacks (ed.), The New Legal Order in Hong Kong (Hong
Kong University Press, 1999).
Raymond Wacks, Philosophy of Law: A Very Short Introduction
(Oxford University Press, 2006).
Raymond Wacks, Understanding Jurisprudence: An Introduction to
Legal Theory (Oxford University Press, 2005).
Ian Ward, A Critical Introduction to European Law, 2nd edn
(LexisNexis, 2003).
Thomas Wegerich and Anke Freckmann, The German Legal System
(Sweet and Maxwell, 1999).
Peter Wesley-Smith, An Introduction to the Hong Kong Legal System,
3rd edn (Oxford University Press, China, 1999).
Glanville Williams and A. T. H. Smith, Learning the Law, 13th edn
(Sweet and Maxwell, 2006).
Konrad Zweigert and Hein Kötz, An Introduction to Comparative
Law, tr. Tony Weir (Clarendon Press, 1998).

Chapter 2
P. P. Craig and Grainne de Burca, EU Law, 3rd edn (Oxford University
Press, 2002).
Helen Fenwick and Gavin Phillipson, Text, Cases and Materials:
Public Law and Human Rights, 2nd edn (Routledge Cavendish,
2003).
George P. Fletcher and Steve Sheppard, American Law in a Global
Context: The Basics (Oxford University Press, 2005).
James A. Holland and Julian S. Webb, Learning Legal Rules: A
Student’s Guide to Legal Method and Reasoning, 6th edn (Oxford
University Press, 2006).
Ian Loveland, Constitutional Law, Administrative Law, and Human
Rights: A Critical Introduction, 4th edn (Oxford University Press,
2006).
Alastair Mowbray, Cases and Materials on the European Convention
on Human Rights, 2nd edn (Oxford University Press, 2007).
Clare Ovey and Robin White, Jacobs and White: European Convention
on Human Rights, 4th edn (Oxford University Press, 2006).

164

Ian Ward, A Critical Introduction to European Law, 2nd edn
(LexisNexis, 2003).

Chapter 3

Chapter 4
Aharon Barak, The Judge in a Democracy (Princeton University Press,
2006).
Marcel Berlins and Clare Dyer, The Law Machine, 5th edn (Penguin
Books, 2000).
Ronald Dworkin, Justice in Robes (Belknap Press, 2006).
Jeffrey Goldsworthy (ed.), Interpreting Constitutions: A Comparative
Study (Oxford University Press, 2007).

165

Further reading

Thomas Aquinas, Summa Theologiae, in Selected Political Writings, tr.
J. G. Dawson, ed. P. D’Entrèves (Blackwell, 1970; reprint of 1959
edn).
Aristotle, Nichomachean Ethics, tr. H. Rackham (Loeb Classical
Library, Heineman, 1938).
Ronald Dworkin, Life’s Dominion: An Argument about Abortion and
Euthanasia (London: Harper Collins, 1993).
John Finnis, Natural Law and Natural Rights (Clarendon Press,
1980).
John Finnis, Fundamentals of Ethics (Georgetown University Press,
1983).
John Finnis (ed.), Natural Law (Dartmouth, 1991).
Lon Luvois Fuller, The Morality of Law, rev. edn (Yale University
Press, 1969).
Robert P. George, In Defense of Natural Law (Oxford University Press,
1999).
Joseph Raz, The Authority of Law: Essays on Law and Morality
(Clarendon Press, 1979).
Joseph Raz, The Morality of Freedom (Oxford University Press, 1986).
Joseph Raz, Ethics in the Public Domain: Essays in the Morality of
Law and Politics (Clarendon Press, 1994).
Wojciech Sadurski (ed.), Ethical Dimensions of Legal Theory (Poznan
Studies in the Philosophy of the Sciences and the Humanities,
Rodopi, 1991).
Raymond Wacks, Law, Morality, and the Private Domain (Hong
Kong University Press, 2001).

J. A. G. Grifﬁth, The Politics of the Judiciary, 5th edn (Fontana Press,
1997).
Carlo Guarnieri, Patrizia Pederzoli, and Cheryl Thomas, The Power of
Judges: A Comparative Study of Courts and Democracy (Oxford
University Press, 2002).
John Morison, Kieran McEvoy, and Gordon Anthony (eds), Judges,
Transition, and Human Rights (Oxford University Press, 2007).
David Pannick, Judges (Oxford University Press, 1987).
William H. Rehnquist, The Supreme Court (Vintage Books USA,
2002).
Robert Stevens, The English Judges: Their Role in the Changing
Constitution (Hart Publishing, 2005).

Law

Chapter 5
Richard L. Abel, American Lawyers (Oxford University Press,
1991).
Richard L. Abel and Philip S. C. Lewis, ‘Lawyers in the Civil Law
World’, in Richard L. Abel and Philip S. C. Lewis (eds), Lawyers in
Society: The Civil Law World (Beard Books, 2005).
Richard L. Abel and Philip S. C.Lewis (eds), Lawyers in Society: The
Common Law World (University of California Press, 1988).
Mary Jane Mossman, The First Women Lawyers: A Comparative
Study of Gender, Law and the Legal Professions (Hart Publishing,
2006).
Stephen Nathanson, What Lawyers Do: A Problem Solving Approach
to Legal Practice (Sweet and Maxwell, 1997).
David Pannick, Advocates (Oxford University Press, 1992).
Wilfrid R. Prest, The Rise of the Barristers: A Social History of the
English Bar, 1590–1640 (Clarendon Press, 1991).

Chapter 6
David Bainbridge, Introduction to Computer Law, 5th edn (Longman,
2004).
Colin J. Bennett, Regulating Privacy: Data Protection and Public
Policy in Europe and the United States (Cornell University Press,
1992).
James Boyle, Shamans, Software and Spleens: Law and the
Construction of the Information Society (Harvard University Press,
1997).

166

167

Further reading

Roger Cotterrell, The Sociology of Law: An Introduction
(Butterworths, 1984).
David DeGrazia, Animal Rights: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford
University Press, 2002).
Lilian Edwards and Charlotte Waelde (eds), Law and the Internet: A
Framework for Electronic Commerce, 2nd edn (Hart Publishing,
2004).
Andrew T. Kenyon and Megan Richardson (eds), New Dimensions
in Privacy Law: International and Comparative Perspectives
(Cambridge University Press, 2006).
Graeme Laurie, Genetic Privacy: A Challenge to Medico-Legal Norms
(Cambridge University Press, 2002).
Lawrence Lessig, Code: Version 2.0 (Basic Books, 2006).
Ian Lloyd, Legal Aspects of the Information Society (LexisNexis,
2000).
Ian Lloyd, Information Technology Law, 4th edn (LexisNexis, 2004).
Paul Przemyslaw Polanski (ed.), Customary Law of the Internet:
In the Search for a Supranational Cyberspace Law (Asser Press,
2007).
Chris Reed, Internet Law: Text and Materials, 2nd edn (Cambridge
University Press, 2004).
Chris Reed and John Angel (eds), Computer Law: The Law and
Regulation of Information Technology, 6th edn (Oxford University
Press, 2007).
Tom Regan, The Case for Animal Rights (University of California
Press, 2004).
Jeffrey Rosen, The Unwanted Gaze: The Destruction of Privacy in
America (Vintage Books, 2001).
Roger Scruton, Animal Rights and Wrongs (Continuum, 2006).
Peter Singer (ed.), In Defense of Animals: The Second Wave, 2nd edn
(Blackwell, 2005).
Daniel J. Solove, The Digital Person: Technology and Privacy in the
Information Age (New York University Press, 2006).
Cass R. Sunstein and Martha C. Nussbaum (eds), Animal Rights:
Current Debates and New Directions (Oxford University Press,
2006).
Richard E. Susskind, The Future of Law: Facing the Challenges of
Information Technology (Oxford University Press, 1998).
Richard E. Susskind, Transforming the Law: Essays on Technology,
Justice and the Legal Marketplace (Oxford University Press, 2003).

Law

Douglas Thomas and Brian Loader (eds), Cybercrime: Law
Enforcement, Security and Surveillance in the Information Age
(Routledge, 2000).
Raymond Wacks, The Protection of Privacy (Sweet and Maxwell,
1980).
Raymond Wacks, Personal Information: Privacy and the Law
(Clarendon Press, 1989).
Raymond Wacks (ed.), Privacy (Dartmouth, 1993).
Raymond Wacks, Privacy and Press Freedom (Blackstone Press, 1995).
Raymond Wacks, Law, Morality, and the Private Domain (Hong
Kong University Press, 2001).

168

juries 14–15
lawyers 109–13, 116
precedent 1, 13, 28, 32–4
property law 60
prosecutions 94
sources of law 32–4

Index
A
abortion 34, 74–6
adversarial system 86, 87, 91,
93–4, 100, 129
alternative dispute resolution
105–7
animal cruelty 77, 131–2

company law 66
constitutional and administrative
law 63–5
contract law 37–43
breach of contract 41, 43–5, 63
capacity 42
civil and common law 41
consideration 39–42
damages for breach 39, 43, 63
formalities 42
freedom of contract 37–8, 42, 122
intention to create legal relations
38–9
mistake, misrepresentation, undue
inﬂuence or duress 42–3
offer and acceptance 38–41
social agreements 37, 41–2
standard form 38, 122
unfair contract terms 38

B
barristers 110–14, 116
Bentham, Jeremy 8, 23, 33–4,
82, 132
bills of rights 27–8, 101, 149
biometrics 128, 138, 139, 140–1,
144
burden of proof 57, 96

C

courts 33, 63, 85–107, 130,
146–8
criminal law 55–9, 75–7, 132
actus reus and mens rea 56–8
burden of proof 57, 96
cybercrime 138, 141–4
defences 57
humanity, crimes against 82–4
International Criminal Court 66,
83
judges 85–6
prosecutions 94
punishment and sentencing 59, 95
restorative justice 59
strict liability 58
United States 56, 93–4, 105–6
unlawful killing 58–9

change, law and 2, 122–5
Chinese law 11, 18, 19–20
civil law 10–15, 28, 41, 60
common law 10–15
inquisitorial law 57, 87, 91–2
judges 91–2, 95–7
lawyers 114–17
presumption of innocence 93

civil trials 86–7, 95–6, 103–5
codiﬁcation 3–9, 11–14, 22, 28
common law 31, 41, 60
adversarial system 87, 91, 93–4,
86, 129
civil law 10–15
codiﬁcation 14
judges 91, 93–4, 96–7

CCTV 134–9
customary law 5, 18

169

D

H

damages 39, 43–4, 52–3, 55, 63,
129
data protection 137
defamation 53–5, 144–5
Devlin, Lord 70, 72–3, 87
disappearance of law, Marx and
124–5
Dicey, Albert Venn 9–10
DNA 138–9, 141
duty of care 47–8
Dworkin, Ronald 74, 87,
89–90

Hammurabi Code 3–5
Hart, HLA 23, 69, 70, 72–4
Hindu law 16
Hobbes, Thomas 21–2, 23, 153
homosexual acts 70, 72–3
human rights 27–8, 55, 64, 84,
101, 149–52
humanitarian intervention 152–3

I
India, judicial review in 100–1
inquisitorial system 57, 87, 91–2
intellectual property 60, 144,
147
International Criminal Court
66, 83
internationalization or
globalization of law 129
Internet 25, 133, 136, 141–6
Islamic or Sharia law 17, 59

Law

E
EC law 30
economic loss 45
environment 66, 131–2
equitable remedies 61, 63
European Court of Human
Rights 55, 101
euthanasia 76–7, 80

J

F

judges
adversarial system 87, 91, 93–4,
96
appointment 96–9
civil law and common law 91–7
criminal law 85–6
decision-making 34, 89–90
France 103
inquisitorial role 87, 91–2
justice 25–6, 87
politics of the judiciary 99–103
prejudice 87, 90, 102–3
role of judges 85–90
women 98

fair hearings, right to 25, 94
family law 65
France 10–11, 34, 50, 64–5, 91–3,
95–6, 103
Fuller, Lon 69–70
functions of law 20–8
future of the law 121–53

G
genocide and crimes against
humanity 82–4
Germany 8–9, 11, 25, 34, 50,
65, 68–9, 92, 96,
137
Grotius, Hugo de 81–2

judicial review 64–5, 101–2
juries 14–15, 87, 92, 94, 103–5
justice 3, 22–8, 59, 87, 129–32
Justinian’s codiﬁcation 6–8, 22
170

presumption of innocence 93
privacy 134–41
product liability 51–2
property 27, 60–3
prosecutions 94
public and private law 36–7
public international law 65–6
punishment 59

L
lawyers 108–20
barristers and solicitors 110–14, 116
cab rank rule 113–14
civil law and common law 109–17
justice 25–6
regulation 116–17
technology 147
training and education 8, 13, 114,
115–16
United States 113
wigs 110

R

legal aid 25, 108, 117–20
legislation 28–32, 64, 130–1
legislatures, judicial review and
101–2
life, right to 34, 74–82

M
Marx, Karl and Marxism 124–5,
150, 152
medical treatment, withdrawal
of 77–81
Mill, John Stuart 71, 72, 73
mixed legal systems 15, 18
morality, law and 67–84

S

obiter dicta 33
order, law and 20–2

sentencing 34, 95
separation of powers 63–4
social justice 3, 129–32
software, protection of 144–5
solicitors 110–13, 116
sources of law 28–35
South Africa 18, 25–6, 68, 101–2,
128–9
state, law and the 151
statutory interpretation 29–32
strict liability 48, 50–1, 58, 132
surveillance 134–9

P

T

piracy 145–6
precedent 1, 13, 28–9, 32–4

Talmudic law 16, 17
technology 133–46

N
natural law 2–3, 70, 81–2
negligence 44–52, 58–9
Netherlands, euthanasia in 80

o

171

Index

racial discrimination 11, 102,
128–30
ratio decidendi 33
rational and irrational systems
123–4
Rawls, John 23–4
realism 24
reasonableness standard 64–5
regulation 26–7, 123–5, 133
religious law 15–17
restorative justice 59
Roman law 5, 7–8, 11, 15, 18, 22
rule of law 9–10, 124, 152
Rylands v Fletcher 50

terrorism 125–9, 139–41
textbooks and journals 34–5
tort 44–55

Counsel’s Ofﬁce, role of 97–8
courts 97, 130
crime 56, 93–4, 105–6
defamation on the Internet 145
grand juries 92
judges, appointment 97–8
judicial review 100, 101
juries 103–5
lawyers 113
legal aid 120
legislation 30
litigation, national character and
107
mass torts 52
medical treatment, withdrawal of
79–80
product liability 51–2
racial discrimination 102, 130
Uniform Commercial Code 11, 13

breach of contract 44–5
causation 49–50
damages 44, 52–3, 55
defences 50, 54–5
duty of care 47–8
economic loss 45
emotional distress 45–7
fault 52–4
mass torts 52
negligence 44–52
no-fault systems 53
product liability 51–2
proximity 45–6
reasonable man 47–9
Rylands v Fletcher rule in 50
standard of care 47–8
strict liability 50–1

utilitarianism 23, 37, 72, 82

trusts 61
Twelve Tables 5
Law

W

U

Weber, Max 123–4
Wednesbury unreasonableness
64
Western legal tradition 9–10,
15–16

United States 82–3, 92–4
abortion 74–5
civil trials, juries for 103–4

172

Expand your collection of

Very short introductions
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
42.
43.
44.

Classics
Music
Buddhism
Literary Theory
Hinduism
Psychology
Islam
Politics
Theology
Archaeology
Judaism
Sociology
The Koran
The Bible
Social and Cultural Anthropology
History
Roman Britain
The Anglo-Saxon Age
Medieval Britain
The Tudors
Stuart Britain
Eighteenth-Century Britain
Nineteenth-Century Britain
Twentieth-Century Britain
Heidegger
Ancient Philosophy
Socrates
Marx
Logic
Descartes
Machiavelli
Aristotle
Hume
Nietzsche
Darwin
The European Union
Gandhi
Augustine
Intelligence
Jung
Buddha
Paul
Continental Philosophy
Galileo

45.
46.
47.
48.
49.
50.
51.
52.
53.
54.
55.
56.
57.
58.
59.
60.
61.
62.
63.
64.
65.
66.
67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
73.
74.
75.
76.
77.
78.
79.
80.
81.
82.
83.
84.
85.
86.
87.
88.

Freud
Wittgenstein
Indian Philosophy
Rousseau
Hegel
Kant
Cosmology
Drugs
Russian Literature
The French Revolution
Philosophy
Barthes
Animal Rights
Kierkegaard
Russell
Shakespeare
Clausewitz
Schopenhauer
The Russian Revolution
Hobbes
World Music
Mathematics
Philosophy of Science
Cryptography
Quantum Theory
Spinoza
Choice Theory
Architecture
Poststructuralism
Postmodernism
Democracy
Empire
Fascism
Terrorism
Plato
Ethics
Emotion
Northern Ireland
Art Theory
Locke
Modern Ireland
Globalization
Cold War
The History of Astronomy

89.
90.
91.
92.
93.
94.
95.
96.
97.
98.
99.
100.
101.
102.
103.
104.
105.
106.
107.
108.
109.
110.
111.
112.
113.
114.
115.
116.
117.
118.
119.
120.
121.
122.
123.
124.
125.
126.
127.
128.
129.
130.
131.
132.
133.
134.
135.
136.
137.
138.

Schizophrenia
The Earth
Engels
British Politics
Linguistics
The Celts
Ideology
Prehistory
Political Philosophy
Postcolonialism
Atheism
Evolution
Molecules
Art History
Presocratic Philosophy
The Elements
Dada and Surrealism
Egyptian Myth
Christian Art
Capitalism
Particle Physics
Free Will
Myth
Ancient Egypt
Hieroglyphs
Medical Ethics
Kafka
Anarchism
Ancient Warfare
Global Warming
Christianity
Modern Art
Consciousness
Foucault
Spanish Civil War
The Marquis de Sade
Habermas
Socialism
Dreaming
Dinosaurs
Renaissance Art
Buddhist Ethics
Tragedy
Sikhism
The History of Time
Nationalism
The World Trade
Organization
Design
The Vikings
Fossils

139.
140.
141.
142.
143.
144.
145.
146.
147.
148.
149.
150.
151.
152.
153.
154.
155.
156.
157.
158.
159.
160.
161.
162.
163.
164.
165.
166.
167.
168.
169.
170.
171.
172.
173.
174.
175.
176.
177.
178.
179.
180.
181.
182.
183.
184.
185.

Journalism
The Crusades
Feminism
Human Evolution
The Dead Sea Scrolls
The Brain
Global Catastrophes
Contemporary Art
Philosophy of Law
The Renaissance
Anglicanism
The Roman Empire
Photography
Psychiatry
Existentialism
The First World War
Fundamentalism
Economics
International Migration
Newton
Chaos
African History
Racism
Kabbalah
Human Rights
International Relations
The American
Presidency
The Great Depression and
the New Deal
Classical Mythology
The New Testament as
Literature
American Political Parties
and Elections
Bestsellers
Geopolitics
Antisemitism
Game Theory
HIV/AIDS
Documentary Film
Modern China
The Quakers
German Literature
Nuclear Weapons
Law
The Old Testament
Galaxies
Mormonism
Religion in America
Geography

