Science and Religion: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating
and accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have
been published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
ANTISEMITISM Steven Beller
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CLASSICS
Mary Beard and John Henderson
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM
Patricia Aufderheide
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION
John Pinder and Simon Usherwood
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALAXIES John Gribbin
GALILEO Stillman Drake
GAME THEORY Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOGRAPHY John A. Matthews and
David T. Herbert
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE Nicholas Boyle
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION AND
THE NEW DEAL Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HISTORY OF LIFE Michael Benton
HISTORY OF MEDICINE
William Bynum
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer

IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LAW Raymond Wacks
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
THE MEANING OF LIFE
Terry Eagleton
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN John Gillingham
and Ralph A. Griffiths
MEMORY Jonathan Foster
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN CHINA Rana Mitter
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MORMONISM
Richard Lyman Bushman
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NELSON MANDELA Elleke Boehmer
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland

NUCLEAR WEAPONS
Joseph M. Siracusa
THE OLD TESTAMENT
Michael D. Coogan
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY David Miller
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
THE QUAKERS Pink Dandelion
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler

RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER Christopher Janaway
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
SEXUALITY Véronique Mottier
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Kenneth O. Morgan
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION
Amrita Narlikar

Available soon:
1066 George Garnett
AUTISM Uta Frith
EXPRESSIONISM Katerina Reed-Tsocha
RELIGION IN AMERICA Timothy Beal
SCOTLAND Rab Houston

STATISTICS David J. Hand
THE UNITED NATIONS
Jussi M. Hanhimäki
THE VIETNAM WAR
Mark Atwood Lawrence

For more information visit our websites
www.oup.com/uk/vsi
www.oup.com/us

Thomas Dixon

Science and
religion
A Very Short Introduction

1

1

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford OX2 6DP
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
 Thomas Dixon 2008
The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First published 2008
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 978-0-19-929551-7
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

For Emma Dixon

This page intentionally left blank

Contents

Preface xi
Acknowledgements xiii
List of illustrations xv

1
2
3
4
5
6

What are science–religion debates really about? 1
Galileo and the philosophy of science 18
Does God act in nature? 37
Darwin and evolution 58
Creationism and Intelligent Design 81
Mind and morality 104
References and further reading 127
Index 145

This page intentionally left blank

Preface

Books about science and religion generally fall into one of two
categories: those that want to persuade you of the plausibility of
religion and those that want to do the opposite. This Very Short
Introduction falls into neither category. It aims instead to offer an
informative and even-handed account of what is really at stake.
The polemical passion the subject often generates is an indication
of the intensity with which people identify themselves with their
beliefs about nature and God, whether they are religious or not.
The origins and functions of those beliefs form the subject of
this book.
In recent years the topic of ‘science and religion’ has become
almost synonymous, especially in the United States, with debates
about evolution. For this reason, two of the six chapters of this
book are devoted to evolutionary subjects. The modern American
debate about evolution and ‘Intelligent Design’ illustrates
particularly clearly how stories about conﬂict or harmony between
science and religion can be used in political campaigns – in this
case relating to the control of education and the interpretation of
the First Amendment to the US Constitution.
Historical notions about famous individuals, especially Galileo
Galilei and Charles Darwin; philosophical assumptions about

miracles, laws of nature, and scientiﬁc knowledge; and discussions
of the religious and moral implications of modern science, from
quantum mechanics to neuroscience, are regular features of
science–religion debates today. All of these are scrutinized here.
It is no part of my aim in this book to persuade people to stop
disagreeing with each other about science and religion – far from
it. My hope is only that it might help people to disagree with each
other in a well-informed way.

Acknowledgements

I was ﬁrst introduced to this fascinating topic, as an
undergraduate student, by Fraser Watts’s lectures on theology and
science at Cambridge University, and by John Hedley Brooke’s
classic Science and Religion: Some Historical Perspectives
(Cambridge, 1991). Subsequently, as a postgraduate, I was taught
at the Universities of London and Cambridge by distinguished
historians and philosophers of science, including Janet Browne,
Hasok Chang, Rob Iliffe, Peter Lipton, Jim Moore, and Jim
Secord. I am indebted to all of them and to the supportive and
stimulating research environment I encountered in Cambridge
both at the Department for the History and Philosophy of Science
and in the Faculty of Divinity. I am also grateful for the support
of colleagues, in more recent years, in Lancaster and London. I
would particularly like to mention Stephen Pumfrey and Angus
Winchester at Lancaster University, and Geoffrey Cantor for his
help with the organization of a conference there on ‘Science and
Religion: Historical and Contemporary Perspectives’ in July 2007
to mark John Hedley Brooke’s retirement. I learned a great deal
from all the contributors to that conference. Most recently I have
beneﬁted from the guidance and encouragement of my colleagues
at Queen Mary, University of London, especially Virginia Davis,
Colin Jones, Miri Rubin, Yossef Rapoport, Rhodri Hayward,
Joel Isaac, and Tristram Hunt. Emilie Savage-Smith and Salman
Hameed have given me much-appreciated guidance on the subject

of Islam and science. At Oxford University Press, Marsha Filion,
Andrea Keegan, and James Thompson helped me through the
production process with patience, skill, and enthusiasm. Fiona
Orbell acquired the images and necessary permissions with great
speed and efﬁciency, and Alyson Silverwood ensured that the text
was copyedited to the highest standard. Special thanks are due
to those friends who took the time and trouble to read drafts of
the text and offer me advice on how to improve it, namely Emily
Butterworth, Noam Friedlander, James Humphreys, Finola Lang,
Dan Neidle, Trevor Sather, Léon Turner, and especially Giles
Shilson. My greatest debt is to my family. The book is dedicated to
my sister Emma, who advised me to become an academic and not
a lawyer.

List of illustrations

1

Claude Mellan’s moon
engraving 6
Otto van de Vijver, Lunar Maps of the
XVIIth Century, Vatican Observatory
Publications, vol. 1, no. 2 (Vatican
City, 1971)

7

The Incredulity of St Thomas,
by Caravaggio 55
Schloss Sanssouci, Potsdam,
Brandenburg, Germany/Alinari/The
Bridgeman Art Library

8 Charles Darwin 60
2 Geocentric view of the
universe 24
Oxford Science Archive/HIP/TopFoto

Print Collector/HIP/TopFoto

9 Parasitic wasp laying eggs 63
Albert Mans/Foto Natura/FLPA

3 Maffeo Barberini, Pope
Urban VIII, by Gian Lorenzo
Bernini 29
Palazzo Barberini Rome/Alfredo Dagli
Orti/The Art Archive

4 Francesco Stelluti’s
Melissographia (1625) 33
National Library of Scotland

5

St Agatha, by Francisco de
Zurbaran 39
Musée Fabre, Montpellier, France/
Lauros-Giraudon/The Bridgeman
Art Library

6 Lourdes 43
Wellcome Library, London

10 Giant Galapagos tortoise 67
TopFoto

11 Darwin’s ﬁnches 68
World History Archive/TopFoto

12 Darwin’s tree of life sketch 70
Cambridge University Library

13 Thomas Henry Huxley and
Bishop Samuel Wilberforce 75
World History Archive/TopFoto and
the British Library Board

14 Charles Darwin cartoon 78
TopFoto

15 Scopes trial 85
TopFoto

18 Phineas Gage 108
Courtesy of the National Library of
Medicine

16 Pied Piper cartoon 87
Billy Graham Centre Archives and
Museum

19 Onania pamphlet 120
Wellcome Library, London

17 Evolution tree 91
R. G. Elmendorf/Pittsburgh Creation
Society

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Chapter 1
What are science–religion
debates really about?

In Rome on 22 June 1633 an elderly man was found guilty by the
Catholic Inquisition of rendering himself ‘vehemently suspected
of heresy, namely, of having held and believed a doctrine which is
false and contrary to the divine and Holy Scripture’. The doctrine
in question was that ‘the sun is the centre of the world and does
not move from east to west, that the earth moves and is not the
centre of the world, and that one may hold and defend as probable
an opinion after it has been declared and deﬁned as contrary to
Holy Scripture’. The guilty man was the 70-year-old Florentine
philosopher Galileo Galilei, who was sentenced to imprisonment
(a punishment that was later commuted to house arrest) and
instructed to recite the seven penitential Psalms once a week for
the next three years as a ‘salutary penance’. That included a weekly
recitation of the particularly apt line addressed to God in Psalm
102: ‘In the beginning you laid the foundations of the earth, and
the heavens are the work of your hands.’ Kneeling before the
‘Reverend Lord Cardinals, Inquisitors-General’, Galileo accepted
his sentence, swore complete obedience to the ‘Holy Catholic and
Apostolic Church’, and declared that he cursed and detested the
‘errors and heresies’ of which he had been suspected – namely
belief in a sun-centred cosmos and in the movement of the earth.
It is hardly surprising that this humiliation of the most celebrated
scientiﬁc thinker of his day by the Catholic Inquisition on the
1

Science and Religion

grounds of his beliefs about astronomy and their contradiction
of the Bible should have been interpreted by some as evidence
of an inevitable conﬂict between science and religion. The
modern encounter between evolutionists and creationists has
also seemed to reveal an ongoing antagonism, although this time
with science, rather than the church, in the ascendancy. The
Victorian agnostic Thomas Huxley expressed this idea vividly in
his review of Charles Darwin’s On the Origin of Species (1859).
‘Extinguished theologians,’ Huxley wrote, ‘lie about the cradle of
every science as the strangled snakes beside that of Hercules; and
history records that whenever science and orthodoxy have been
fairly opposed, the latter has been forced to retire from the lists,
bleeding and crushed if not annihilated; scotched, if not slain.’
The image of conﬂict has also been attractive to some religious
believers, who use it to portray themselves as members of an
embattled but righteous minority struggling heroically to protect
their faith against the oppressive and intolerant forces of science
and materialism.
Although the idea of warfare between science and religion
remains widespread and popular, recent academic writing on the
subject has been devoted primarily to undermining the notion of
an inevitable conﬂict. As we shall see, there are good historical
reasons for rejecting simple conﬂict stories. From Galileo’s trial
in 17th-century Rome to modern American struggles over the
latest form of anti-evolutionism, known as ‘Intelligent Design’,
there has been more to the relationship between science and
religion than meets the eye, and certainly more than just conﬂict.
Pioneers of early modern science such as Isaac Newton and
Robert Boyle saw their work as part of a religious enterprise
devoted to understanding God’s creation. Galileo too thought
that science and religion could exist in mutual harmony. The
goal of a constructive and collaborative dialogue between science
and religion has been endorsed by many Jews, Christians, and
Muslims in the modern world. The idea that scientiﬁc and
religious views are inevitably in tension is also contradicted by
2

the large numbers of religious scientists who continue to see their
research as a complement rather than a challenge to their faith,
including the theoretical physicist John Polkinghorne, the former
director of the Human Genome Project Francis S. Collins, and the
astronomer Owen Gingerich, to name just a few.

The leading historian of science and religion John Hedley
Brooke writes that serious historical study has ‘revealed so
extraordinarily rich and complex a relationship between science
and religion in the past that general theses are difﬁcult to
sustain. The real lesson turns out to be the complexity.’ Some
of that historical complexity will be explored in subsequent
chapters. There has certainly not been a single and unchanging
relationship between two entities called ‘science’ and ‘religion’.
There are, nonetheless, some central philosophical and political
questions that have frequently recurred in this context: What are
the most authoritative sources of knowledge? What is the most
fundamental reality? What kind of creatures are human beings?
What is the proper relationship between church and state? Who
should control education? Can either scripture or nature serve as
a reliable ethical guide?
Debates about science and religion are, on the face of it, about
the intellectual compatibility or incompatibility of some
3

What are science–religion debates about?

Does that mean that conﬂict needs to be written out of our story
altogether? Certainly not. The only thing to avoid is too narrow
an idea of the kinds of conﬂicts one might expect to ﬁnd between
science and religion. The story is not always one of a heroic and
open-minded scientist clashing with a reactionary and bigoted
church. The bigotry, like the open-mindedness, is shared around
on all sides – as are the quest for understanding, the love of truth,
the use of rhetoric, and the compromising entanglements with
the power of the state. Individuals, ideas, and institutions can
and have come into conﬂict, or been resolved into harmony, in an
endless array of different combinations.

Science and Religion

particular religious belief with some particular aspect of scientiﬁc
knowledge. Does belief in life after death conﬂict with the ﬁndings
of modern brain science? Is belief in the Bible incompatible
with believing that humans and chimpanzees evolved from a
common ancestor? Does belief in miracles conﬂict with the
strictly law-governed world revealed by the physical sciences? Or
can belief in free will and divine action, conversely, be supported
and substantiated by the theories of quantum mechanics? One of
the answers to the question that is the title of this chapter – What
are science–religion debates really about? – is that they are about
these issues of intellectual compatibility.
What I especially want to emphasize in this Very Short
Introduction to the subject, however, is that these contemporary
contests of ideas are the visible tips of much larger and
deeper-lying structures. My aim throughout this book will be to
look historically at how we came to think as we do about science
and religion, to explore philosophically what preconceptions
about knowledge are involved, and to reﬂect on the political and
ethical questions that often set the unspoken agenda for these
intellectual debates. In the rest of this introductory chapter, I
indicate the kinds of questions I think we should be asking about
science and religion, both as sources of individuals’ beliefs and as
social and political entities, before also brieﬂy introducing ‘science
and religion’ as an academic ﬁeld.

Encountering nature
Scientiﬁc knowledge is based on observations of the natural world.
But observing the natural world is neither as simple nor as solitary
an activity as it might sound. Take the moon, for instance. When
you look up at the sky on a clear night, what do you see? You see
the moon and the stars. But what do you actually observe? There
are a lot of small bright lights and then a larger whitish circular
object. If you had never learned any science, what would you think

4

this white object was? Is it a ﬂat disc, like a kind of giant aspirin?
Or is it a sphere? If the latter, then why do we always see the same
side of it? And why does its shape change from a thin crescent
to a full disc and back again? Is it an object like the earth? If so,
how big is it? And how close? And do people live there? Or is it a
smaller night-time equivalent of the sun? Finally, perhaps it is like
one of the little bright lights but larger or closer? In any case, how
and why does it move across the sky like that? Is something else
pushing it? Is it attached to an invisible mechanism of some kind?
Is it a supernatural being?

5

What are science–religion debates about?

Now, if you are well informed about modern science, you will
know that the moon is a large spherical rocky satellite which
orbits the earth completely about once a month and which rotates
once on its own axis in the same time (which explains why we
always see the same side of it). The changing relative positions
of the sun, earth, and moon also explain why the moon displays
‘phases’ – with either the entirety or only a small crescent of the
illuminated half of the moon visible at a particular time. You may
also know that all physical bodies are attracted to each other by
a gravitational force in proportion to the product of their masses
and in inverse proportion to the square of the distance between
them, and that this helps to explain the regular motions of the
moon around the earth and of the earth around the sun. You will
probably also know that the bright little lights in the night sky
are stars, similar to our sun; that the ones visible to the naked eye
are thousands of light years away and those observable through
telescopes are millions or even billions of light years away; so
that to look up at the night sky is to look into the distant past
of our universe. But however much of all this you know, you
did not ﬁnd it out by observation. You were told it. You possibly
learned it from your parents or a science teacher or a television
programme or an online encyclopaedia. Even professional
astronomers will not generally have checked the truth of any of
the statements made in this paragraph by their own empirical

Science and Religion

1. The moon as engraved by the artist Claude Mellan from early
17th-century telescopic observations

observations. The reason for this is not that astronomers are lazy
or incompetent, but simply that they can rely on the amassed
authoritative observations and theoretical reasonings of the
scientiﬁc community which, over a period of many centuries, have
established these facts as fundamental physical truths.
6

We should also notice, by the way, that what science often aims
to show is that things in themselves are not as they initially seem
to us – that appearances can be deceptive. The earth beneath
our feet certainly seems to be solid and stable, and the sun and
the other stars appear to move around us. But science eventually
showed that, despite all the sensory evidence to the contrary,
the earth is not only spinning on its own axis but is also hurtling
around the sun at great speed. Indeed, one of the characters
in Galileo’s Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems
(1632) expresses his admiration on just these grounds for those
who, like Aristarchus and Copernicus, had been able to believe
in the sun-centred system before the advent of the telescope:
‘I cannot sufﬁciently admire the intellectual eminence of those
7

What are science–religion debates about?

The point is that while it is certainly true that scientiﬁc knowledge
is based on and tested against observations of the natural
world, there is an awful lot more to it than just pointing your
sense organs in the right direction. As an individual, even an
individual scientist, only the tiniest fraction of what you know is
based directly on your own observations. And even then, those
observations only make sense within a complex framework of
existing facts and theories which have been accumulated and
developed through many centuries. You only know what you do
about the moon and the stars because of a long and complex
cultural history (a small part of which is told in Chapter 2),
which mediates between the light from the night sky and your
thoughts about astronomy and cosmology. That history includes
the successful challenging of the old earth-centred world view by
Galileo Galilei, with the help of Copernicus’s astronomy and the
newly invented telescope in the early 17th century, as well as the
establishment of Newton’s laws of motion and gravitation later
in that century, and more recent developments in physics and
cosmology too. It also includes, crucially, the histories of those
social and political mechanisms that allow for, and control, the
dissemination of scientiﬁc knowledge among the people through
books and in classrooms.

Science and Religion

who received it and held it to be true. They have by sheer force of
intellect done such violence to their own senses as to prefer what
reason told them over that which sense experience plainly showed
them to be the case.’ In more recent times, both evolutionary
biology and quantum mechanics have similarly required people
to believe the most implausible things – that we share an ancestor
not only with rabbits but also with carrots, for example, or that
the smallest components of matter are simultaneously both
waves and particles. People sometimes say that science is just a
systematization of empirical observations, or nothing more than
the careful application of common sense. However, it also has the
ambition and the potential to show that our senses deceive us and
that our basic intuitions may lead us astray.
But when you look up at the night sky, you may not be thinking
about astronomy and cosmology at all. You may instead be
gripped by a sense of the power of nature, the beauty and
grandeur of the heavens, the vastness of space and time, and your
own smallness and insigniﬁcance. This might even be a religious
experience for you, reinforcing your feeling of awe at the power
of God and the immensity and complexity of his creation, putting
you in mind of the words of Psalm 19: ‘The heavens declare the
glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of his hands.’
Such an emotional and religious response to the night sky would,
of course, be every bit as historically and culturally mediated as
the experience of perceiving the moon and the stars in terms of
modern cosmology. Without some kind of religious education
you certainly would not be able to quote from the Bible, and you
would perhaps not even be able to formulate a developed concept
of God. Individual religious experiences, like modern scientiﬁc
observations, are made possible by long processes of human
collaboration in a shared quest for understanding. In the religious
case, what intervenes between the light hitting your retina and
your thoughts about the glory of God is the lengthy history of a
particular sacred text, and its reading and interpretation within a
8

succession of human communities. And, as in the scientiﬁc case,
one of the lessons learned through that communal endeavour is
that things are not as they seem. Religious teachers, as much as
scientiﬁc ones, try to show their pupils that there is an unseen
world behind the observed one – and one which might overturn
their most settled intuitions and beliefs.

The political dimension

If this ﬁrst approach to the conﬂict narrative is to change the
plot, the second involves recasting the leading characters. This
approach says: yes, there have been conﬂicts that seem to be
between science and religion, and they are real conﬂicts, but they
9

What are science–religion debates about?

Among historians of science and religion there have been two
interestingly different kinds of attack on the ‘conﬂict narrative’
favoured by Enlightenment rationalists, Victorian freethinkers,
and modern-day scientiﬁc atheists. The ﬁrst strategy is to replace
the overarching image of conﬂict with that of complexity, and
to put emphasis on the very different ways that science–religion
interactions have developed at different times, in different places,
and in different local circumstances. Some scientists have been
religious, others atheists. Some religious denominations welcome
modern science, others are suspicious of it. Recognizing that
neither ‘science’ nor ‘religion’ refers to a simple singular entity
is an important part of this approach too, as is acknowledging
the existence of considerable national differences. To take just
the most obvious example, debates about evolution and religion
have, from the beginning of the 20th century and right up to the
present day, developed quite differently in the United States than
they have in Europe and elsewhere. As I will explain in Chapter
5, the debates about the teaching of evolution in schools that go
on in America today emerged through circumstances very speciﬁc
to that country, most importantly the interpretation of the First
Amendment to its Constitution, which prohibits the government
from passing any law ‘respecting an establishment of religion’.

Science and Religion

are not between science and religion. The question then is: who or
what are the real antagonists in this story? In a way, we are then
just straight back into the messy details of historical complexity.
There is certainly not a simple recasting that works for all cases,
but the general idea is that the real conﬂict is a political one about
the production and dissemination of knowledge. The opposition
of science versus religion is then seen to be standing proxy for
some classic modern political conﬂicts: the individual versus the
state, or secular liberalism versus conservative traditionalism.
It is interesting to note that in modern America, for example,
campaigners both for and against the teaching of evolution in
schools have portrayed themselves as representing the rights and
freedoms of the people against an intolerant and authoritarian
establishment which is controlling the educational agenda. In
the 1920s that establishment was portrayed by defenders of
evolution as Christian and conservative, but to some religious
groups today it seems that a secular liberal elite have taken control
of the education system. Debates about science and religion give
certain groups an opportunity to argue their case for greater
social inﬂuence, and greater control over the mechanisms of
state education, a case that rests on quite independent political
grounds.
These questions about the politics of knowledge will arise
repeatedly in subsequent chapters. For the moment, let
us consider just one other example – the philosopher and
ﬁrebrand Thomas Paine. An unsuccessful corset-maker, sacked
tax-collector, and occasional political writer, Paine left his native
England to start a new life in America in 1774. On his arrival in
Philadelphia, he found work as the editor of the Pennsylvania
Magazine. A couple of years later, his polemical pamphlet
Common Sense (1776) was a key factor in persuading the
American colonists to go to war against the British government,
and established Paine as the bestselling author of the age. An
associate of Benjamin Rush, Thomas Jefferson, and others of
the founding fathers of the United States of America, Paine’s
10

Paine’s version of the conﬂict narrative makes most sense when
seen in its political context. Paine was, indeed, a scientiﬁc thinker
who was opposed to Christianity. He denounced the Bible,
especially the Old Testament, with its stories of ‘voluptuous
debaucheries’ among the Israelites and the ‘unrelenting
vindictiveness’ of their God. To the shock of his friends, Paine
wrote of the Bible: ‘I sincerely detest it, as I detest everything
that is cruel.’ Paine also lambasted the ‘priestcraft’ at work in the
‘adulterous’ relationship between the Church of England and
the British state. What he hoped for, though, was not an end to
religion but the replacement of Christian religion by a rational
religion based on the study of nature – one which recognized the
existence of God, the importance of morality, and the hope for a
future life, but did away with scriptures, priests, and the authority
of the state. His reasons for this were democratic ones. National
churches lorded illegitimate power over the people by claiming
special access to divine truths and revelations. But everyone can
11

What are science–religion debates about?

democratic and anti-monarchical political philosophy shaped the
Declaration of Independence. After politics, Paine’s other great
passions were science and engineering. He had attended popular
lectures on Newton and astronomy back in England, and he spent
many years of his life working on a design for a single-span iron
bridge, inspired by the delicacy and strength of one of the great
works of nature – the spider’s web. His whole philosophy was
a scientiﬁc one. He saw revolutions in governments paralleling
the revolutions of celestial bodies in the heavens. Each was an
inevitable, natural, and law-governed process. Later in his life,
having had a hand in both the American and French revolutions,
he turned his sights from monarchy to Christianity. The
institutions of Christianity were as offensive to his enlightened
and Newtonian sensibilities as were those of monarchical
government. In his Age of Reason (1794), Paine complained of
‘the continual persecution carried on by the Church, for several
hundred years, against the sciences and against the professors
of science’.

Science and Religion

read the book of nature and understand the goodness, power, and
generosity of its author. In the religion of Deism recommended
by Paine, there was no need for the people to be in thrall either to
priests or to the state. Science could help to replace Christianity
by showing that every individual could ﬁnd God by looking
at the night sky rather than by reading the Bible or going to
church. ‘That which is now called natural philosophy’, Paine
wrote, ‘embracing the whole circle of science of which astronomy
occupies the chief place, is the study of the works of God, and
of the power and wisdom of God and his works, and is the true
theology.’
Paine’s democratic ideals, including the separation of church and
state, are enshrined in the founding documents of the United
States. And in modern America too, it is competing political
visions that come into conﬂict in debates about science and
religion. American politicians who deny the truth of the theory
of evolution and advocate the teaching of a religiously motivated
concept of ‘Intelligent Design’ in schools do not do so for scientiﬁc
reasons. They do so, rather, to send a signal – to indicate their
general support for Christianity, their opposition to excessively
secularist interpretations of the Constitution, and their hostility
to naturalistic and materialistic world views.
A ﬁnal interesting piece of support for the suggestion that what
is really at stake in science–religion encounters is politics, is to
be found in two mid-20th-century stage plays. Each dramatizes
a famous clash between a heroic scientiﬁc individual and a
reactionary and authoritarian religious establishment, and does so
to make primarily political points. Bertolt Brecht’s Life of Galileo
was composed during the 1930s and early 1940s. Brecht was a
German communist, opposed to fascism, and living in exile in
Denmark and subsequently the United States. The play uses the
story of Galileo to investigate the dilemmas faced by a dissident
intellectual living under a repressive regime, and also to suggest

12

the importance of pursuing scientiﬁc knowledge for moral and
social ends rather than purely for its own sake. Brecht saw in the
well-known Galileo affair political lessons which could be applied
to a world struggling against authoritarian fascism and, in the
later version of the play, living in the shadow of the dropping of
atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

‘Science and religion’ as an academic ﬁeld
So far we have looked at science and religion in general terms as
two cultural enterprises which encounter each other both in the
mind of the individual and in the political domain. There is an
important further dimension to add to this preliminary picture,
which is the recent development of ‘science and religion’ as an
academic ﬁeld in its own right.

13

What are science–religion debates about?

Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee’s play Inherit the Wind,
ﬁrst performed in 1955, and made into a famous ﬁlm in 1960,
was a dramatization of the Scopes ‘monkey trial’ of 1925. The
historical events on which the play was based are discussed in
Chapter 5; they centre on the prosecution of a Tennessee school
teacher, John Scopes, for teaching evolution in contravention
of state law. Inherit the Wind used the Scopes case to attack
the anti-communist purges of the McCarthy era. Scopes, the
heroic evolutionist standing up against a repressive Christian
establishment in 1920s Tennessee, stood for the struggle for
freedom of opinion, association, and expression by communist
sympathizers in the face of a repressive American government
machine. Among those sympathizers, incidentally, was Bertolt
Brecht, who had been called to testify before the House
Committee on Un-American Activities in 1947. In the case both
of Brecht’s Galileo and Lawrence and Lee’s Inherit the Wind, it
was questions of intellectual freedom, political power, and human
morality that gave the conﬂict between science and religion its
drama and its interest. The same is true in real life.

Science and Religion

Of course theologians, philosophers, and scientists have been
writing treatises about the relationship between natural
knowledge and revelation for centuries. Many of these works were
very popular, especially in the 18th and 19th centuries. The most
famous was Natural Theology (1802) by the Anglican clergyman
William Paley, which argued from the complex adaptations of
plants and animals to the existence of an intelligent designer.
However, from the 1960s onwards ‘science and religion’ took on a
more distinct existence as an academic discipline. In 1966 the ﬁrst
specialist journal in the ﬁeld was founded in Chicago – Zygon:
Journal of Religion and Science. The same year saw the
publication of a very widely used textbook, Issues in Science and
Religion by the British physicist and theologian Ian Barbour.
Since that time, various organizations have been set up to foster
this kind of work, including a European Society for the Study of
Science and Theology, and an International Society for Science
and Religion. There are established academic posts devoted
speciﬁcally to the study of science and religion at several major
institutions, including the universities of Oxford and Cambridge
in the UK, and Princeton Theological Seminary in the US.
Academic work by scientists and theologians seeking to develop
a harmonious interdisciplinary dialogue has been supported by
a range of institutions, including the Roman Catholic Church,
through the work of the Vatican Observatory, and also the John
Templeton Foundation in America – a philanthropic organization
particularly committed to supporting research that harmonizes
science with religion. A recent large Templeton-funded project
has been devoted to research on altruism and ‘unlimited love’,
for example. One outcome of this has been a book explaining the
improved physical health and mental well-being enjoyed by those
who live an altruistic and compassionate life.
The John Templeton Foundation spends millions of dollars on
research grants each year, including an annual Templeton Prize,
currently valued at about $1.5 million, given to an individual
14

I have already mentioned that much academic work in this area
has been concerned with the plausibility (or lack of it) of the
idea of an inevitable conﬂict between science and religion. This
concern is partly driven by apologetic motives. Many of those
involved in the ﬁeld are religious believers committed to showing
that science need not undermine faith. But the denial of conﬂict
(or of any other one-dimensional relationship) is also motivated
by more purely academic considerations, several of which will
emerge in subsequent chapters.
Whether arguing for conﬂict or for harmony, it could be objected
that any talk about ‘the relationship between science and religion’
obscures the true plurality and complexity of the terms. ‘Science’
and ‘religion’ are both hazy categories with blurry boundaries, and
different sciences and different religions have clearly related to
each other in different ways. Mathematics and astronomy were
both particularly nurtured in Islamic cultures in the Middle Ages,
for example, where they were used to calculate the correct times
of prayer and the direction of Mecca, as well as for many more
secular purposes. Islamic scholars working in academies such as
15

What are science–religion debates about?

for ‘Progress Toward Research or Discoveries about Spiritual
Realities’. Former winners have included Christian evangelists,
leading ﬁgures from non-Christian faiths, and also many
individuals who have been prominent in the academic dialogue
between science and religion, such as Ian Barbour, Arthur
Peacocke, John Polkinghorne, Paul Davies, and George Ellis. Like
many of those who have contributed to the creation of ‘science
and religion’ as an academic subject, all of the ﬁgures just named
fall into the category of religiously committed professional
scientists (and in some cases ordained ministers). There are
also many historians, philosophers, and theologians who have
contributed signiﬁcantly to the ﬁeld. It is a topic that even attracts
impassioned contributions from scientiﬁc atheists, such as Oxford
University’s Professor for the Public Understanding of Science,
Richard Dawkins.

Science and Religion

the House of Wisdom in Baghdad preserved, tested, and improved
upon ancient Greek medicine and optics, as well as astronomy
and astrology, between the 9th and the 15th centuries. The motto
of these scholars was: ‘Whoever does not know astronomy and
anatomy is deﬁcient in the knowledge of God.’ Their works were
to be crucial sources for the revival of European learning from the
later Middle Ages onwards.
Excluded from more mainstream European academic institutions,
Jewish communities formed a particularly strong connection with
the science and practice of medicine in early modern Europe.
The Roman Catholic Church, despite the high-proﬁle difﬁculties
caused by Galileo’s ideas, was one of the most generous sponsors
of scientiﬁc research during the Renaissance, especially through
the investment of the Jesuit order in astronomical observatories
and experimental equipment. The relationship between modern
scientiﬁc knowledge – a characteristically Western system of
thought – and the religious traditions of the East, is different
again. Here we might think of the interest shown by Buddhists in
neuroscientiﬁc studies of the state of the brain during meditation,
or of Fritjof Capra’s 1975 bestseller, The Tao of Physics: An
Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern
Mysticism. There is, ﬁnally, a very particular story to be told
about the relationship between evolutionary biology and modern
Protestant Christianity – one which we will return to below. The
point is that none of these particular relationships can serve as
a universal template for understanding engagements between
science and religion.
Some think that the extent of oversimpliﬁcation, generalization,
and reiﬁcation involved in even using the phrase ‘science and
religion’ makes it a non-starter as a sensible topic for academic
study. I have some sympathy with this view. It is certainly true that
in this book, as in most contributions to the ﬁeld, the ‘religion’
under discussion is most often speciﬁcally Christianity. However,
at least within the Abrahamic, monotheistic traditions of Judaism,
16

The fact that the phrase ‘science and religion’ names an academic
ﬁeld, as well as conjuring up vivid if historically debatable cultural
stereotypes, is enough, I think, to justify its continued use as
a category of thought (and in the title of this and many other
books). Academics and journalists alike continue to write as if
there were some ongoing general relationship between science
and religion, in terms of which particular contemporary episodes
might be understood. Even if that relationship really exists only in
our imaginations, it is still important to try to understand how it
got there. Since Galileo Galilei and his encounter with the Roman
Inquisition takes centre stage in many popular accounts of that
relationship, his story is an appropriate place to start our inquiry.

17

What are science–religion debates about?

Christianity, and Islam, there is enough common ground,
historically, philosophically, and theologically, for a more general
discussion to take place. Whether it is possible or desirable to
extend that discussion still further to include non-theistic or
non-scriptural traditions is another question, and one which I will
not explore further here. The monotheistic faiths, however, are
all united by the idea that God is the author of two books – the
book of nature and the book of scripture – and that the individual
believer will ﬁnd their understanding and their faith strengthened
through the careful reading of both books. The intellectual,
political, and ethical implications of that shared commitment to
reading God’s words and his works have developed in comparable,
although far from identical, ways in the three major monotheistic
traditions.

Chapter 2
Galileo and the philosophy
of science

When Galileo recanted his Copernicanism in 1633, what did
that signify? Was it a victory for religious obscurantism and a
defeat for free scientiﬁc inquiry? Was it evidence that science
and religion are inevitably locked in ideological and institutional
combat? Unsurprisingly, there was more to it than that. On all
sides of the Galileo case there was agreement that it was proper
and rational both to seek accurate knowledge of the world through
observation of nature and also to base one’s beliefs on the Bible.
The conﬂict was not between empirical science and authoritarian
religion but rather between differing views within the Catholic
Church about how to interpret nature and scripture, especially
when they seemed to disagree. An appreciation of the exact
context of Galileo’s trial, the shadow cast over it by the Protestant
Reformation of the previous century, and the politics of the Papal
court at the time all help to explain how these issues took on the
dramatic character that they did in 1633, almost a century after
Nicolaus Copernicus had argued for a sun-centred astronomy in
his book On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres in 1543.
Before coming back to this retelling of the Galileo story as a
disagreement among 17th-century Catholics about how to read
the Bible, it will be useful to look at some general questions about
the sources of knowledge. These will help to make sense both
of what was at stake in Rome in June 1633 and also of general
18

questions about the philosophy of science that frequently recur in
contemporary debates about science and religion.

How do we know anything?

19

Galileo and the philosophy of science

We generally derive our knowledge of the world from four
sources: our senses, our powers of rational thought, the testimony
of others, and our memory. The ﬁrst obvious thing to note about
all these sources is that they are fallible. Our senses can deceive
us, our reasoning can be faulty, other people can knowingly or
accidentally mislead us, and most of us know only too well (and
increasingly with age) how partial and distorted our memories
can be. The whole project of modern science could be summarized
as the attempt to weave these individually relatively feeble threads
into a more resilient web of knowledge. So the sense experience
of one person must be witnessed, corroborated, and repeated
by many others before it is accepted. Simple observations of the
properties of things must be supplemented by carefully designed
experiments which test more precisely how they behave in
different circumstances. Human powers of perception on their
own may be limited, but the invention of the telescope and the
microscope in the early 17th century, and of many other even
more sophisticated devices since then, has enormously increased
the scope and accuracy of the observations and measurements
that can be made. But experiments could not be designed, and
observations would not make any sense, without the use of
reason. Theoretical hypotheses about the nature of reality, and
reasoning about what experimental evidence is needed to support
or refute them, are prerequisites of scientiﬁc knowledge. Finally,
scientiﬁc experts must cite the sources of their knowledge and
explain the chain of their reasoning if their testimony is to be
accepted. And the publication of scientiﬁc results in treatises,
books, specialist journals, and, now, electronic databases provides
us with a collective and well-documented memory greater than
anything that would be possible by relying on one person’s
memory alone.

Science and Religion

The knowledge thus produced is a highly prized possession
in human societies. It bestows on us the ability to manipulate
not only the natural world but also each other. One of the most
important advocates of science in 17th-century England, Francis
Bacon, wrote that ‘human knowledge and human power meet
in one; for where the cause is not known the effect cannot
be produced’. In other words, an understanding of the secret
workings of nature would allow people to produce machines and
medicines to improve the human condition. Bacon also wrote,
to justify the new knowledge of the period, that ‘all knowledge
appeareth to be a plant of God’s own planting’, whose spread and
ﬂourishing at that time had been divinely ordained.
Natural philosophers in 17th-century England such as Robert
Boyle and Robert Hooke – the new ‘virtuosi’ of the experimental
method, the founders of the Royal Society – were perceived by
some as a threat to orthodoxy. Their claims to be able both to
discover and to manipulate hidden forces in nature seemed to
verge on usurping the role of God. That was why it was important
to reassure their readers that in reaping this knowledge they were
collecting a harvest which was, in Bacon’s words, ‘of God’s own
planting’. In this image, God planted the seed of knowledge and
natural philosophers harvested its fruit. According to another
popular metaphor, God was imagined not as a kind of cosmic
farmer but, as we have noted, as an author of two books – the
book of nature and the book of scripture. This metaphor was
based on the same idea – that the ultimate source of knowledge
was God and that humans had to adopt certain techniques to
acquire that knowledge.
One of the useful things about these metaphors of agriculture
and of reading is that they draw attention to the fact that human
knowledge (at least of the natural kind) is made rather than
simply found. Seeds do not become plants and bear fruit unless
they are sown in the right conditions, are watered and fed,
and are harvested in the right way. Texts do not generally have
20

obvious meanings, but rather these must be teased out through
the collective efforts of many readers using different historical
and literary techniques. Even if one decides to approach a text
in search of its ‘literal’ meaning, that is by no means a simple
matter. It is also well known among literary scholars that the
project of discerning an author’s intentions in a text is a difﬁcult
and controversial one. The histories of science and religion reveal
that these difﬁculties have been experienced in full measure in
relation to both of God’s books. Neither nature nor scripture
offers a transparent account of its author’s intentions. Some
have gone further, of course, and denied that either is a work
of divine authorship at all. Some read the book of nature as an
autobiography and the scriptures as purely human works.

21

Galileo and the philosophy of science

This brings us to the question of whether, in addition to the
four sources of knowledge already mentioned – sense, reason,
testimony, and memory – a ﬁfth needs to be added, namely
revelation. It is a belief shared by Jews, Christians, and Muslims
that God’s authorship can be detected both in nature and in
scripture (the Torah, the Bible, or the Quran, respectively). While
the natural world reveals the power, intelligence, and goodness of
its Creator, the scriptures reveal God’s plans for his chosen people
and the legal and moral basis according to which they should
live. Corresponding to this idea is the subtly different distinction
between natural and revealed forms of knowledge. Natural
knowledge is produced by the exercise of the natural human
faculties of sense and reason (these faculties can be engaged in
reasoning about scripture as well as about the natural world).
Revealed knowledge is produced by a supernatural uncovering of
the truth – either through the medium of scripture or by a direct
revelation of God to the individual believer. Natural theology,
then, as opposed to revealed theology, is a form of discourse about
God based on human reason rather than on revelation. This
includes theological works making inferences about God from
the design apparent in the natural world – as in William Paley’s
famous Natural Theology (1802) – but it also includes more

Science and Religion

purely philosophical works about God’s existence and attributes.
Modern books arguing for belief in ‘Intelligent Design’ on the
basis of the ‘irreducible complexity’ of nature are within this same
tradition, as we will see in Chapter 5.
Debates about science and religion virtually always involve
disagreements about the relative authority of different sources
of knowledge. This is true of debates about the relative weight to
be given to testimony and to experience when considering claims
about miracles, as we will see in Chapter 3. It is also true of the
18th-century clash between Deism and Christianity. Thomas
Paine’s objection to Christian philosophers was not that they
found God in nature – he did too – but that they thought they
could also ﬁnd God through his self-revelation in the Bible. For
Paine, the only possible kind of revelation was from God directly
to an individual. If God ever did act in this way, it was revelation
‘to the ﬁrst person only, and hearsay to every other’. The scriptures
were therefore no more than mere human testimony and the
rational reader was not obliged to believe them. Advocates of
creationism in the 20th century took the opposite approach to
Paine’s. For them, the word of God as revealed in the Bible was
the most reliable form of knowledge and anything that seemed
to contradict their interpretation of scripture had to be rejected.
This included mainstream scientiﬁc theories of evolution. Some
creationists were even moved to re-read the book of nature
and produce their own ‘Creation Science’ which harmonized
geology with Genesis. While rationalists have rejected revelation
altogether, and fundamentalists have insisted that all forms of
knowledge be tested against the Bible, many more have looked for
ways to reconcile their readings of God’s two books without doing
violence to either.

The rise and fall of Galileo
Galileo belonged to this last category of believers seeking harmony
between the Bible and knowledge of nature. He endorsed the view
22

At the beginning of the 17th century, Galileo was one of only a
tiny handful of natural philosophers who thought it likely that
the Copernican astronomy was an accurate description of the
universe. The majority of those who took an interest in such
questions, including the mathematicians and astronomers
working within the Roman Catholic Church, held to the system
of physics and cosmology associated with the ancient Greek
philosopher Aristotle. There were two elements in this existing
Aristotelian science which would be challenged by Galileo. First,
there was the earth-centred model of the cosmos produced
by the 2nd-century Greek astronomer Ptolemy. This was the
standard astronomical model and, despite certain complexities
and technical problems, it worked as well as the Copernican
model as a device for calculating the positions of the stars and
planets, and had the considerable advantage of according with the
common-sense intuition that the earth was not in motion. The
second Aristotelian principle that would come under attack was
the division of the cosmos into two regions – the sublunary and
the superlunary. The sublunary region consisted of everything
within the orbit of the moon. This was the region of corruption
23

Galileo and the philosophy of science

that the Bible is about how to go to heaven and not about how the
heavens go. In other words, if you wanted to know about matters
pertaining to salvation you should consult scripture, but if you
were interested in the detailed workings of the natural world, then
there were better starting points – namely empirical observations
and reasoned demonstrations. This was not a particularly
unorthodox view in itself, but Galileo failed to persuade the
authorities that it was a principle that could be applied to his case.
Although the church was certainly not opposed in general to the
study of mathematics, astronomy, and the other sciences, there
were limits to how far the authority of the Bible and of the church
could be challenged by an individual layman like Galileo. He went
beyond those limits. There were three central characters in the
story of how he did so – the telescope, the Bible, and Pope
Urban VIII.

Science and Religion

2. A 16th-century illustration of Ptolemy’s earth-centred astronomical
system. At the centre is the world, composed of the four elements of
earth, water, air, and ﬁre, surrounded by the spheres of the moon,
Mercury, Venus, the sun, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, and ﬁnally the
sphere of the ﬁxed stars. This Ptolemaic system had been endorsed by
Aristotle and was still accepted by almost all natural philosophers at
the start of the 17th century.

and imperfection and of the four elements of earth, water, air,
and ﬁre. In the superlunary region, the domain of all the celestial
bodies, everything was composed of a ﬁfth element, ether, and was
characterized by perfect circular motion.
Galileo’s great contribution to astronomy was to use a newly
invented optical instrument – named the ‘telescope’ in 1611 – to
provide observations with which to challenge this Aristotelian and
24

Ptolemaic theory. Galileo did not invent the telescope himself, but
as soon as he heard of its invention he set about making his own
superior version. The earliest telescopes, made in the Netherlands,
magniﬁed only by a factor of three. Galileo developed an
instrument with magnifying power of about twenty times, which
he turned towards the heavens with spectacular results. These
results were published in two books, The Starry Messenger in
1610 and his Letters on Sunspots in 1613, which established his
reputation as a brilliant observational astronomer and as one of
the leading natural philosophers in Europe. These works also
made it clear that Galileo favoured the Copernican astronomy.

25

Galileo and the philosophy of science

Just a couple of examples will give a sense of how Galileo wielded
his telescope against Aristotelian science. Perhaps the most
telling single discovery made by Galileo was that Venus, when
viewed through the telescope, could be seen to display phases. In
other words, like the moon, its apparent shape varied between
a small crescent and a full disc. This strongly suggested that
Venus orbited the sun. If the Ptolemaic system had been true and
Venus, which was known always to be close to the sun in the sky,
described an orbit closer to the earth than the sun’s, then it should
have appeared always as a thin crescent. Secondly, Galileo was
able to deploy a number of key observations against the strong
commitment of the Aristotelians to the division of the cosmos
into distinct sublunary and superlunary regions. His telescope
revealed that the moon was a rocky satellite with craters and
mountains – more like the earth than like an ethereal and perfect
heavenly body. He also showed that Jupiter had four satellites or
moons. This helped defeat a common objection to the Copernican
theory. On the Ptolemaic theory, the earth’s moon was treated
as the closest of several planets, all of whose orbits centred on
the earth. If Copernicus were right, then the moon would have
to orbit the earth, while the earth in turn went around the sun.
Was it possible that a celestial body could move in an orbit with
a centre other than the centre of the cosmos? The discovery that
Jupiter was accompanied in its orbit (whether that was around

Science and Religion

the earth or around the sun) by four satellites established that
such motion was indeed possible. Finally, Galileo’s discovery of
sunspots further undermined the Aristotelian distinction between
perfect heavenly bodies and a changeable and imperfect earth.
It was largely thanks to Galileo’s publications that Copernicanism
became such a live issue in the 1610s. Galileo was aware that his
advocacy of the new astronomy was arousing both theological
and scientiﬁc objections. One of the reasons for the former was
the apparent inconsistency between Copernican astronomy
and the Bible. Several Old Testament passages referred to the
movement of the sun through the heavens and the immobility of
the earth. An often-quoted passage was from the Book of Joshua,
which referred to God stopping the sun and the moon in the
sky to light the earth while the Israelites took vengeance on the
Amorites. Seeking to forestall biblical objections to the view that
the earth moves, Galileo wrote his Letter to the Grand Duchess
Christina in 1615 in which he articulated his views about how
to deal with apparent conﬂicts between natural and revealed
knowledge. He relied heavily on the views of the Fathers of the
Catholic Church, especially St Augustine. The central idea was
the principle of accommodation. This stated that the Bible was
written in language accommodated to the limited knowledge of
the relatively uneducated people to whom it was initially revealed.
Since the readers of the Book of Joshua believed that the earth
was stationary and the sun moved around it, God’s word was
couched in terms that they would understand. All agreed that
biblical references to God’s ‘right hand’ or to God’s experience
of human passions such as anger should not be taken literally
but were accommodations to common understanding. Galileo
argued that the same attitude should be taken to biblical passages
referring to the movement of the sun. The other general principle
Galileo adopted, mentioned above, was that the Bible should
only be given priority in matters relating to salvation. In matters
of natural knowledge, if the text seemed to contradict the best
available science, then it would need to be reinterpreted.
26

no one, relying on his own judgement and distorting the Sacred
Scriptures according to his own conceptions, shall dare to interpret
them contrary to that sense which Holy Mother Church, to whom
it belongs to judge their true sense and meaning, has held and does
hold, or even contrary to the unanimous agreement of the Fathers.

In the context of these Counter-Reformation teachings, Galileo’s
suggestion in his Letter to the Grand Duchess Christina that he,
an individual layman, had the authority to tell the ‘Holy Mother
Church’ which parts of scripture needed to be reinterpreted, and
how, smacked both of arrogance and of dangerous Protestant
leanings. The fact that in 1632 he would publish his Dialogue in
vernacular Italian rather than scholarly Latin would add further
to that impression.
When a committee was asked to report on the question of
Copernicanism to the Inquisition in 1616, it declared it to be both
false and absurd as scientiﬁc doctrine, and additionally to be
contrary to the teachings of scripture and thus formally heretical.
Galileo was personally summoned into the presence of Cardinal
27

Galileo and the philosophy of science

All of this was indeed in tune with St Augustine’s 4th-century
approach to scripture. However, Galileo was writing at a time
when more conservative views were in the ascendancy thanks
to the crisis of the Protestant Reformation, which had started in
the early decades of the 16th century in Germany and England,
and continued to divide Europe both politically and religiously in
the 17th century. One of the central tenets of Protestant forms of
Christianity was the importance of scripture and the right of each
individual to read the Bible in their own language, rather than
encountering Christian teaching only through the mediation of
priests and the doctrinal pronouncements of Church Councils.
The Catholic Church’s principal response to the Reformation came
in the form of a series of meetings which comprised the Council of
Trent (1545–63). One of the declarations of that Council was that,
in matters of faith and morals,

Science and Religion

Robert Bellarmine, who instructed him that he must not hold or
defend the Copernican astronomy. At the same time, Copernicus’s
On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres, which had been
largely ignored since its appearance in print, was now suspended
from publication, pending ‘correction’. By drawing new attention
to Copernicanism and to the Church’s attitude to scripture, Galileo
had succeeded in having the former declared heretical and in
seeing the latter hardened and entrenched in a more conservative
position.
The election in 1623 of Cardinal Maffeo Barberini as Pope
Urban VIII must have seemed to Galileo like the answer to his
prayers. Barberini was an educated and cultured Florentine. Even
better, since 1611 he had been an admirer and active supporter
of Galileo’s work, even composing a poem, Adulatio Perniciosa
(‘In Dangerous Adulation’) in 1620, expressing his admiration
for Galileo’s telescopic discoveries. In 1624, Galileo had several
meetings with Urban VIII, during which he was assured that
he could discuss the Copernican theory in his work but only as
one hypothesis among others. Urban argued that God, in his
omnipotence, could make the heavens move in any way he wished,
and so it would be presumptuous to claim to have discovered the
precise manner in which this end was achieved by the divine will.
Galileo nevertheless left Rome reassured and was soon at work
on the book that would be published in 1632 as his Dialogue
Concerning the Two Chief World Systems.
This was when the real trouble started. Although the Dialogue
was presented as an even-handed discussion among
three characters – an Aristotelian, a Copernican, and a
common-sensical everyman – it was perfectly clear to most
readers that the arguments given in favour of the Copernican
system were very much stronger than those made in defence of
the old earth-centred astronomy, and that Galileo had in effect
produced a pro-Copernican piece of propaganda, thus breaching
the conditions of the 1616 injunction and the instructions given by
28

3. Maffeo Barberini, Pope Urban VIII, painted by Gian Lorenzo
Bernini in 1632, the year that Galileo’s Dialogue was published, in
which the Pope’s views were put in the mouth of the Aristotelian
philosopher Simplicio

Science and Religion

Urban in 1624. That was not all. The Aristotelian character was
named ‘Simplicio’. This was the name of a 6th-century Aristotelian
philosopher but also one that hinted at simple-mindedness. Even
more provocatively, one of the arguments put forward by simple
Simplicio was the one that had been put to Galileo by Urban
himself in 1624 – namely that God could have produced natural
effects in any way he chose, and so it was wrong to claim necessary
truth for any given physical hypothesis about their causation. This
apparent mockery of the Pope added personal insult to the already
grave injury delivered by Galileo’s disobedience. And the timing
could not have been worse. The Dialogue arrived in Rome in 1632
at a moment of great political crisis. Urban was in the midst of
switching his allegiance from the French to the Spanish during
the Thirty Years War and was in no mood for leniency. He needed
to show his new conservative allies that he was a decisive and
authoritative defender of the faith. So Galileo was summoned to
Rome to be tried before the Inquisition.
As with the Scopes trial in America three centuries later, the
trial of Galileo in 1633 was one in which the outcome was never
in doubt. Galileo was found guilty of promoting the heretical
Copernican view in contravention of the express injunction not
to do so that he had received in 1616. It was for disobeying the
Church, rather than for seeking to understand the natural world
through observation and reasoning, that Galileo was condemned.
Galileo’s political misjudgement of his relationship with Pope
Urban VIII played as much of a role in his downfall as did his
over-reaching of himself in the ﬁeld of biblical interpretation.
Galileo’s work was to be one key contribution to the eventual
success of the Copernican theory, which, when modiﬁed by further
scientiﬁc insights such as Kepler’s replacement of circular by
elliptical orbits, and Newton’s discovery of the law of gravitation,
was virtually universally accepted. However, in 1632 there was
sufﬁcient doubt about the relative merits of the Copernican
system and the alternatives (including Tycho Brahe’s compromise
according to which the sun orbited the earth but all the other
30

planets orbited the sun) that an objective observer would have
pronounced the scientiﬁc question an open one, making it even
harder to decide how to judge between the teachings that the
Church declared to be contained in the book of scripture and
those which Galileo had read through his telescope in the book of
nature.

Appearance and reality

The case can also be used to illustrate one further philosophical
question that has been central to modern debates about science
and religion, namely the issue of realism. Arguments about
realism particularly arise in connection with what scientiﬁc
theories have to say about unobservable entities such as magnetic
ﬁelds, black holes, electrons, quarks, superstrings, and the
like. To be a realist is to suppose that science is in the business
of providing accurate descriptions of such entities. To be an
anti-realist is to remain agnostic about the accuracy of such
descriptions and to hold that science is in the business only
of providing accurate predictions of observable phenomena.
Urban VIII was not alone among theologians and philosophers
in the 16th and 17th centuries in taking an anti-realist or
‘instrumentalist’ approach to astronomy. On that view, the
Ptolemaic and Copernican systems could be used to calculate and
predict the apparent motions of the stars and planets, but there
31

Galileo and the philosophy of science

Historians have shown that the Galileo affair, remembered by
some as a clash between science and religion, was primarily
a dispute about the enduring political question of who was
authorized to produce and disseminate knowledge. In the world
of Counter-Reformation Rome, in the midst of the Thirty Years
War, which continued to pit the Protestant and Catholic powers
of Europe against each other, Galileo’s claim to be able to settle
questions about competing sources of knowledge through his
own individual reading and reasoning seemed the height of
presumption and a direct threat to the authority of the Church.

Science and Religion

was no way to know which system, if either, represented the way
that God had in fact chosen to structure the heavens. Indeed,
when Copernicus’s On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres
was ﬁrst published, it had attached to it a preface written by the
Lutheran Andreas Osiander stating that the theory was intended
purely as a calculating device rather than as a physical description.
Galileo, on the other hand, took a realist attitude – indeed, it
was his insistence on arguing the case for the physical reality
of the sun-centred system which resulted in his trial before
the Inquisition. Galileo was a member of one of the earliest
scientiﬁc societies, the Academy of Lynxes, founded in 1603
by Prince Cesi. The lynx was thought to be able to see in the
dark and so to perceive things invisible to others. Using new
scientiﬁc instruments such as the telescope and the microscope
in conjunction with the power of reason and the language of
mathematics, Galileo and his fellow ‘lynxes’ aimed not just to
ﬁnd useful models for predicting observable phenomena but
explanations of those phenomena in terms of the invisible
structures and forces of the universe. They seemed to be
succeeding. In addition to Galileo’s telescopic and astronomical
discoveries, the microscope was opening up a different kind
of previously unseen world. Using an instrument sent to him
by Galileo, Prince Cesi made the ﬁrst known microscopic
observations in the 1620s. Cesi’s observations of bees were
recorded in engravings by Francesco Stelluti and used as a device
to seek approval for the Academy of Lynxes from Urban VIII,
whose family coat of arms featured three large bees.
Debates between realists and anti-realists continue to form a
lively and fascinating part of the philosophy of science. Each
side rests on a very plausible intuition. The realist intuition is
that our sense impressions are caused by an external world that
exists and has properties independently of human observers, so
that it is reasonable to try to discover what those properties are,
whether the entities in question are directly observable by us or
32

4. Francesco Stelluti’s Melissographia (1625), produced using a
microscope provided by Galileo, and dedicated to Pope Urban VIII

Science and Religion

not. The anti-realist intuition is that all we ever discover, either
individually or collectively, is how the world appears to us. We live
in an endless series of mental impressions, which we can never
compare with the nature of things in themselves. We cannot, even
for an instant, draw back the veil of phenomena to check whether
our descriptions of reality are right. We can have no knowledge of
the world beyond the impression it makes on us, and so, the antirealist concludes, we should remain agnostic about the hidden
forces and structures which scientists hypothesize about in their
attempts to explain those impressions.
Modern debates about scientiﬁc realism have centred on the
question of the success of science. Realists argue that the success
of scientiﬁc theories – quantum physics, for instance – that posit
unobservable entities in explaining physical phenomena, in
intervening in nature to produce new effects, and in providing
ever more detailed and accurate predictions, would be a miracle
unless those entities, such as electrons, actually existed and had
the properties scientists ascribed to them. Anti-realists have a
couple of good responses to this. First, they can point out that
the history of science is a graveyard of now-abandoned theories
which were once the most successful available but which posited
entities we now do not believe existed. This would apply to
the 18th-century theory of combustion, according to which
a substance known as ‘phlogiston’ was given off when things
burned. Another example is the ‘ether’ of 19th-century physics – a
physical medium that was supposed to be necessary for the
propagation of electromagnetic waves. Since theories we now
take to be untrue have made successful predictions in the past
(including also Ptolemaic astronomy, which was hugely successful
for many centuries), there is no reason to suppose that today’s
successful theories are true. Both true and untrue theories can
produce accurate empirical predictions.
A second anti-realist argument was put forward by two inﬂuential
philosophers of science in the 20th century – Thomas Kuhn
34

Science and religion have a shared concern with the relationship
between the observable and the unobservable. The Nicene Creed
includes the statement that God made ‘all that is, seen and
unseen’. St Paul wrote in his letter to the Romans that ‘since the
creation of the world God’s invisible qualities – his eternal power
and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood
from what has been made’. However, there are anti-realists
among theologians too. The intuition here is similar to that of the
scientiﬁc anti-realist. We have no way (at least not yet) to check
our ideas about God against divine reality, and so propositions
about God derived from scripture, tradition, or reason should
not be treated as literally true but only as attempts to make sense
35

Galileo and the philosophy of science

and Bas van Fraassen. Kuhn’s book, The Structure of Scientiﬁc
Revolutions, ﬁrst published in 1962, has become a classic in
the ﬁeld and one of the most widely read books about scientiﬁc
knowledge. The book focused on what Kuhn called ‘paradigm
shifts’ in the history of science, when one dominant world view
was replaced by another, as in the case of Copernican astronomy
replacing the Ptolemaic theory, or Einsteinian physics replacing
pure Newtonianism. Kuhn portrayed scientiﬁc progress as
a Darwinian process of variation and selection. He did not
think that the improved accuracy and predictive power of later
theories showed that they had progressed further towards true
descriptions of reality, but rather that they had been chosen by the
scientiﬁc community from among the various proposed theories
because of their improved instrumental power and puzzle-solving
ability. Bas van Fraassen, in his 1980 book The Scientiﬁc Image,
also made use of this ‘Darwinian’ explanation of the success of
science. Since scientists will discard theories that make false
predictions (as nature discards non-adaptive variations) and keep
hold of those that make successful predictions, he argued, the
fact that as time goes on their predictions get better is no surprise
at all, let alone a miracle. They were selected for precisely that
instrumental success, and there is no need for a further appeal to
unobservable realities to explain that success.

Science and Religion

of human experiences and ideas. At one extreme, theological
anti-realism can seem akin to atheism. There is also a more
orthodox tradition of mystical and ‘negative’ theology which
emphasizes the gulf between the transcendence of God and
the limited cognitive powers of mere humans, and draws the
conclusion that it would be presumptuous to suppose any human
formulation could grasp divine reality. One problem with this is
that if human reason is too weak to make any true statements
at all about the attributes of God, then it would seem that the
statement that God exists does not amount to much. For that
reason, many have continued to try to look beyond the seen to
the unseen, hoping to succeed in the apparently impossible task
of drawing back the veil of phenomena to discover how things
really are.
Among those who believe they have succeeded in seeing behind
the veil, there are conﬂicting accounts of what is to be found
there – an impersonal cosmic machine, a chaos of matter
in motion, a system governed by strict natural laws, or an
omnipotent God acting in and through his creation. Which should
we believe?

36

Chapter 3
Does God act in nature?

Supernatural signs and wonders have historically performed an
important social function, marking out individuals, movements,
or institutions as endowed with special God-given authority. The
ability to perform miracles has been ascribed to revolutionaries,
teachers, prophets, saints, and even to particular places and
physical objects. The apparent power to resist the most irresistible
of all forces – the forces of nature – has provided inspiration and
hope to many communities facing persecution, poverty, or natural
disasters.
Take, for example, the story of an early Christian martyr called
Agatha. This beautiful and chaste young woman was a member
of a group of persecuted Christians in 3rd-century Sicily. She
rejected the amorous advances of a local Roman ofﬁcial, who
punished her by banishing her to the local brothel. The legend
has it that when Agatha refused to give up either her purity or
her faith she was subjected to further tortures and punishments,
which included having her breasts cut off with pincers. In Roman
Catholic iconography, Agatha is sometimes depicted carrying
her amputated breasts on a plate. Although her wounds were
said to have been healed miraculously by a vision of St Peter,
Agatha was condemned to further punishments, including being
dragged across burning coals and broken glass. During this ﬁnal
punishment, the story goes, an earthquake was sent by God,
37

Science and Religion

which killed several Roman ofﬁcials. Shortly afterwards Agatha
herself died in prison.
The story of St Agatha, virgin and martyr, does not end there,
however. After her death, Agatha was adopted by the people of
Catania in Sicily as their protector and patron saint. According
to local folklore, in the year after Agatha’s death Mount Etna
erupted, and when the martyr’s veil was held up towards it,
the volcanic lava was seen to change direction, leaving the city
unharmed. The veil is reported to have protected the inhabitants
of Catania from volcanic eruptions in the same miraculous way
on several subsequent occasions. St Agatha’s intercession is also
credited by some believers with having prevented the plague from
spreading to Catania in 1743. In these cases, the supernatural
intervention of a particular saint was sought as protection against
natural disasters which were themselves interpreted as acts of
God. The supposed interactions between natural and supernatural
agencies are not straightforward, but the message is clear: God
cares for the people of Catania and, because of their association
with St Agatha, will protect them.
The ability of God, either directly or through the intercession
of specially chosen saints and prophets, to contravene the laws
of nature in order to achieve his will is asserted by all the major
religious traditions. God’s various revelations of himself to Moses,
to St Paul and the apostles, and through the angel Gabriel to
Muhammad are themselves believed to be miraculous. The Bible
records that Moses divided the Red Sea, that God sent plagues
upon the Egyptians to punish them, and provided manna from
heaven to feed his chosen people. The gospels assert that Jesus
walked on water, healed the sick, brought the dead back to life,
and was himself miraculously resurrected after dying on the
cross. The Quran includes reports of miracles performed by
Moses and Jesus, including an episode, not included in the Bible,
when Jesus is said to have fashioned clay into the shape of a
bird and miraculously breathed life into it to create a real bird.
38

5. St Agatha carrying her breasts on a plate, as depicted by the
17th-century painter Francisco de Zurbaran

Science and Religion

Although there has been debate among Muslims about whether
Muhammad himself performed any miracles, there is a reference
in the Quran to the splitting of the moon, which was interpreted
as miraculous conﬁrmation of Muhammad’s prophetic status.
Reports of miracles persist to this day. They frequently come in
the form of miraculous cures of the kind sought by pilgrims to
the shrine of the Blessed Virgin Mary at Lourdes in France, or
by those who attend revivalist religious meetings presided over
by charismatic preachers offering divine healing. From time to
time there are reports of religious statues weeping blood or, as
occurred in New Delhi in September 1995, drinking milk. When
the story spread that statues of the Hindu deities Ganesh and
Shiva had seemed to drink spoonfuls of milk, the phenomenon
was soon being replicated in temples not only in India but all
around the world, including in Britain, where some supermarkets
experienced a sudden increase in demand for milk. In this case,
as in most others, a rational and scientiﬁc explanation was soon
offered – namely that the liquid was being drawn out of the spoon
by capillary action (the same process that allows sponges and
paper towels to absorb liquid), and was then simply running down
the front of the statue. There was also a political explanation
readily to hand. The ruling Congress Party in India claimed
that the news of the alleged miracle was being spread by their
Hindu nationalist opponents for electoral gain. The leader of one
right-wing Hindu party, speaking in defence of the miracle, said:
‘Scientists who dismiss it are talking nonsense. Most of them are
atheists and communists.’
Signs, wonders, and miracles have a central place in religious
traditions, whether as evidence of the special status of particular
individuals, as proofs of the truth of particular doctrines, or
as support for the broader secular and political aspirations of
a movement. Although some believers welcome such things
as apparent proofs of the reality and power of God, others are
embarrassed by them. Reports of miracles seem, all too often,
40

to be the results of such human weaknesses as wishful thinking,
credulity, or even fraud, rather than anything supernatural. They
can make religion seem superstitious and primitive. Believers as
well as sceptics ask themselves whether stories of the miraculous
and the supernatural are really credible in a scientiﬁc age. And,
as we shall see in this chapter, the theological, philosophical, and
moral questions raised about miracles are every bit as difﬁcult to
answer as the scientiﬁc ones.

The theologians’ dilemma

The job of the theologian is to try to articulate how God can
act in and through nature while avoiding the two unattractive
caricatures indicated above. Various distinctions have been
employed to try to achieve this. One of these differentiates
between the basic primary cause of all reality, which is God,
and the secondary, natural causes employed to achieve divine
purposes. Another distinguishes between God’s ‘general
providence’ – the way that nature and history have been set up
41

Does God act in nature?

Pity the poor theologians! They are faced with a seemingly
impossible dilemma when it comes to making sense of divine
action in the world. If they afﬁrm that God does act through
miraculous interventions in nature, then they must explain why
God acts on these occasions but not on numerous others; why
miracles are so poorly attested; and how they are supposed to
be compatible with our scientiﬁc understanding of the universe.
On the other hand, if they deny that God acts through special
miraculous interventions, then they are left with a faith which
seems to be little more than Deism – the belief that God created
the universe but is no longer active within it. If God is real,
should we not expect to be able to discern at least some special
divine acts? The theologian seems to have to choose between
a capricious, wonder-working, tinkering God and an absent,
uninterested, undetectable one. Neither sounds like a suitable
object for love and worship.

Science and Religion

to unfold according to the divine will – and rare acts of ‘special
providence’, or miracles, in which God’s power is more directly
manifest. If those acts of special providence are restricted to a very
small number – perhaps only those attested in scripture – or those
associated with the lives of a very small number of important
prophetic individuals – then God’s interventions in the world
might seem less capricious. Among both Christians and Muslims
there are those who believe that the age in which God revealed
himself in miracles and revelations has now passed.
As an example of the theologians’ dilemma, consider the case of
Lourdes. Millions of pilgrims ﬂock to this town in the foothills
of the Pyrenees each year – to the place where Bernadette, an
illiterate and asthmatic peasant girl, saw an apparition of the
Virgin Mary in 1858. Thousands claim to have been miraculously
cured of physical ailments after drinking or bathing in the water
of the spring uncovered by Bernadette. The Church is well aware
of the potential natural explanations for such cures. Diagnoses
can be mistaken. Diseases can go into remission unexpectedly.
Psychosomatic cures are not uncommon. For these reasons there
is an elaborate series of investigations that must be carried out
before an alleged cure is declared miraculous. A panel of doctors
appointed by the Lourdes International Medical Committee is
required to study and conﬁrm the reliability both of the original
diagnosis and of the evidence that the cure at Lourdes was
sudden, complete, and lasting. Those very few cases of cure
for which the doctors are absolutely convinced that there is no
possible natural or medical explanation are then put forward to
the Church authorities, who have the power to declare the cure a
miraculous ‘sign of God’. Since 1858, the Church has declared only
67 miracles at Lourdes, out of the thousands of claimed cures. The
most recent case added to the list was that of Anna Santaniello,
who recovered suddenly from symptoms including severe
asthma and acute arthritis during a visit to Lourdes in 1952. The
Church had considered her case for 50 years before declaring it a
miraculous cure.
42

The implementation of this cautious and highly selective process
by which only a small proportion of claimed cures at Lourdes are
declared miraculous is indicative of the need for the Church to
retain credibility while also maintaining their traditional belief
in special providence. Hasty claims of numerous spectacular
miracles might give the impression of undue credulity or of an
unacceptably meddlesome God. On the other hand, the hope
that the supernatural can somehow break into the everyday lives
of the faithful is a cornerstone of the Catholic faith, and the claim
that it has done so lends support both to the doctrinal claims and
to the worldly authority of the Catholic Church. The growth of
Lourdes as a pilgrimage site in the 19th century was itself partly
an expression of popular support for the Catholic Church in
43

Does God act in nature?

6. A 19th-century image showing pilgrims to Lourdes praying at the
place where Bernadette had her vision of the Virgin Mary. The grotto
houses a statue of Mary; the crutches of those who have been cured
hang in front of it.

France at a time when it was confronted by many secularist and
rationalist detractors.

Science and Religion

‘As if God lived in the gaps?’
Protestant theologians have traditionally been somewhat more
suspicious than Catholics about miracles (other than those
recorded in the Bible). At the time of the Reformation, Protestants
used the Catholic cult of the saints, especially of the Blessed Virgin
Mary, and belief in the miraculous powers of holy relics, to portray
the Church of Rome as superstitious and idolatrous. In more
recent times, evangelical and Pentecostal forms of Protestant
worship have involved wonders and miracles such as healings
and speaking in tongues. However, there has been a continuous
tradition of Protestant thought asserting that the age of miracles
has passed and that divine activity is to be perceived in nature and
history as a whole rather than in special interventions.
Two Protestant theologians illustrate this reinterpretation of
the miraculous. The German thinker Friedrich Schleiermacher
went so far as to redeﬁne ‘miracle’ as ‘merely the religious name
for event’, rather than as a happening which violated the laws of
nature. In other words, a miracle was in the eye of the believer. In
a series of lectures delivered in Boston in 1893, almost a century
later, the Scottish evangelical theologian Henry Drummond,
engaging the question of the proper Christian attitude to the
theory of evolution, told his audience that a miracle was ‘not
something quick’. Rather, the whole, slow process of evolution was
miraculous. Through that process God had produced not only
the mountains and valleys, the sky and the sea, the ﬂowers and
the stars, but also ‘that which of all other things in the universe
commends itself, with increasing sureness as time goes on, to
the reason and to the heart of Humanity – Love. Love is the
ﬁnal result of Evolution.’ Drummond’s point was that it was this
product – love – rather than the particular process, natural or
supernatural, which was the real miracle.
44

It was in this same lecture that Drummond introduced the idea
of the ‘God of the gaps’. He spoke of those ‘reverent minds who
ceaselessly scan the ﬁelds of Nature and the books of Science
in search of gaps – gaps which they will ﬁll up with God. As if
God lived in the gaps?’ God, he said, should be sought in human
knowledge, not in human ignorance. He pointed out that if
God is only to be found in special and occasional acts, then he
must be supposed to be absent from the world the majority of
the time. He asked whether the nobler conception was of a God
present in everything or one present in occasional miracles.
Drummond concluded that ‘the idea of an immanent God, which
is the God of Evolution, is inﬁnitely grander than the occasional
wonder-worker, who is the God of an old theology’.

The whole history of modern science could be read as a parable
designed to reinforce Drummond’s warning against placing God
in the gaps in current knowledge of the natural world. Isaac
Newton, to take one very famous example, when confronted with
questions such as why the planets in our solar system remained in
their orbits rather than gradually slowing down and being drawn
towards the sun, or why the distant stars were not all drawn
45

Does God act in nature?

The Medical Committee at Lourdes which ﬁnds signs of God
only in those cases where a natural and scientiﬁc explanation is
lacking, and proponents of ‘Intelligent Design’ who base their
arguments for a designer on alleged inadequacies in evolutionary
science, all seem guilty of advocating a God who resides only in
gaps in current knowledge. As Drummond asked his audience,
‘Where shall we be when these gaps are ﬁlled up?’ On the other
hand, what are we to make of Drummond’s immanent God, and
of the God of those contemporary theologians who see divine
activity in the emergent complexity of the natural world? If God
is in all natural processes equally, and even in all human actions
and historical events equally too, then how can it be claimed that
God is good, rather than bad or indifferent, or that God takes any
special interest in human lives?

Science and Religion

towards each other by gravity, was prepared to hypothesize that
God must intervene from time to time in order to keep the stars
and planets in their proper positions. Newton’s German rival
and critic G. W. Leibniz attacked this hypothesis on theological
grounds. Newton’s God, Leibniz wrote in a letter of 1715, lacking
sufﬁcient foresight to make a properly functioning universe at
the ﬁrst attempt, apparently needed ‘to wind up his watch from
time to time’ and ‘to clean it now and then’ and ‘even to mend
it, as a clockmaker mends his work; who must consequently be
so much the more unskilful a workman, as he is oftener obliged
to mend his work and to set it right’. Leibniz preferred to see
God’s involvement in the universe as one of perfect and complete
foresight. As the theoretical and mathematical models of the
solar system became even more accurate during the 18th and 19th
centuries, there were increasing numbers who went even further.
When asked by Napoleon about the place of God in his system,
the French physicist Pierre Simon de Laplace allegedly replied
that he ‘had no need for that hypothesis’.
The histories of geology, natural history, and biology reveal a
similar pattern of special divine actions (ﬂoods, volcanoes, and
earthquakes; separate creations of the different species; intelligent
design of each individual adaptation of creatures to their
environments) gradually being pushed out of the scientiﬁc picture
to be replaced by more gradual, uniform, and law-like natural
processes. As we shall see in the next chapter, Charles Darwin’s On
the Origin of Species, published the year after Bernadette had her
vision at Lourdes, made references to God, but only as the author
of the laws of nature – those ‘secondary causes’ which seemed to
be able to achieve the most wondrous results when impressed on
matter, without any need for further interventions by the Creator.

The laws of nature
It was never the intention of the pioneers of modern science –
men such as Isaac Newton, Robert Boyle, or René Descartes – to
46

Not necessarily. There are different ways of thinking about laws
of nature. They need not be seen as entities or forces that
somehow constrain all of reality. Instead, they can be interpreted
in a more modest way as the best empirical generalizations we
have so far arrived at to describe the behaviour of particular
systems in particular contexts (often highly restricted
experimental conditions that can be created only in laboratories).
Nor are we obliged to believe that the laws of, say, physics are
more ‘fundamental’ than the knowledge acquired through biology,
sociology, or everyday experience. Although quantum theory
provides exceedingly accurate empirical predictions when dealing
with atomic and subatomic entities, it is not applicable to larger
and more complex systems such as volcanoes, veils, or virgins, the
behaviour of which can be more successfully explained by geology,
47

Does God act in nature?

undermine religious belief. Far from it. They envisaged nature
as an orderly system of mechanical interactions governed by
mathematical laws. And they hoped that people would see in this
new vision the strongest possible evidence of divine power and
intelligence. In 1630 Descartes wrote to the Catholic theologian
Marin Mersenne: ‘God sets up mathematical laws in nature as a
king sets up laws in his kingdom.’ Most early modern scientists
also took it for granted that God, who was responsible for
determining the regular way in which nature would normally
operate, was also quite capable of suspending or altering that
normal course of nature whenever he so chose. Nonetheless,
the method they adopted was one that has favoured a view of
God as designer and lawgiver rather than as interventionist
wonder-worker. The collaborative enterprise inaugurated by
these scientiﬁc pioneers has proceeded on the assumption that
natural phenomena are indeed governed by strict laws, which can
be given precise mathematical expression. A further assumption
made by many is that these laws will ultimately be reduced to a
single uniﬁed theory. Does the success of science in explaining
nature in terms of such laws amount to proof that God cannot act
in nature?

Science and Religion

materials science, and psychology, respectively. Furthermore, two
of the most successful physical theories – general relativity and
quantum mechanics – are both supposed to apply universally
and yet are not compatible with each other. As the philosopher
of science Nancy Cartwright has put it, what modern science
seems to show is not that we live in a world governed by a single
systematic set of natural laws that apply at all times and in all
places, but rather that we live in a ‘dappled world’ in which
pockets of order emerge, or can be made to emerge, using a
patchwork of different scientiﬁc theories (from physics, to
biology, to economics), none of which is applicable across all
domains.
Another assumption behind the claim, made by some polemical
atheists, that modern science has shown that miracles are
impossible is the belief that the natural world is deterministic – in
other words, that if we had perfect knowledge of the current state
of the material world and of the laws that governed it, then in
effect we would also have perfect knowledge of the future of the
world (and that future would be as ﬁxed and unalterable as the
past). Again, these are not things that can be proved by experience
or by science (not least because there is no prospect of our ever
reaching the position of omniscience required in order to test
the hypothesis). Belief in determinism rests on a range of related
assumptions about such basic concepts as matter, causation, and
laws of nature. It is, however, as professional philosophers have
repeatedly and frequently proved, in the nature of such basic
concepts that they rapidly start to crumble when subjected to
attempts at clear and uncontroversial deﬁnition.

Quantum mechanics
In addition to the considerable philosophical perplexities involved
in articulating, let alone defending, any kind of determinism,
an important scientiﬁc challenge to the doctrine arose in the
early 20th century in the form of quantum mechanics. Quantum
48

theory resulted from physicists’ attempts to understand the
world of the very small – the behaviour of atomic and subatomic
particles. Max Planck and Albert Einstein showed that light,
then understood as an electromagnetic wave, also behaved as if
it were made up of discrete particles, which came to be known
as ‘photons’. The implications of the theories later developed in
the 1920s by quantum pioneers such as Erwin Schrödinger and
Werner Heisenberg were wide-ranging, and their interpretation
is still the subject of controversy. Einstein himself was unhappy
with the probabilistic and indeterministic interpretations of
quantum theory that came to predominate, saying that ‘God does
not play dice with the universe’. Some philosophers and physicists
still share Einstein’s unease. Having an instinctive preference
for deterministic explanations, they hope to ﬁnd a different
interpretation of the laws of quantum physics.

49

Does God act in nature?

The main reason, then, that quantum theory is controversial
is that it seems to overturn many of the basic assumptions of
classical Newtonian mechanics. It suggests that physics can
no longer be reduced to a series of deterministic interactions
between solid particles of matter. According to quantum theory,
entities such as photons and electrons are simultaneously both
particles and waves. Whether they seem to behave like one or the
other depends on how the experimental apparatus interacts with
them. Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle further dictates that the
momentum or the position of a quantum entity can be known,
but never both. Finally, the observer has a key role in quantum
theory, not just as a passive recipient of data, but as an active
contributor to it. Quantum systems are governed by probabilistic
‘wave functions’ which do not take on a determinate value until
they are observed. The act of observation is said to lead to the
‘collapse of the wave function’ and to resolve the system into
one determinate state or position rather than another. Prior to
observation, the system is held to be a ‘cloud’ consisting of all
the possible observable states, each with a different probability
assigned to it.

Science and Religion

Even this brief and inexpert summary of some of the ﬁndings of
quantum physics is hopefully enough to give a sense of how far we
have come from the world of classical materialistic determinism.
Quantum mechanics suggests that at the most basic level
material reality is not deterministic (nor does it even seem to
be ‘material’). We are in a world of clouds, of wave functions, of
probabilities – not the reassuringly picturable clockwork universe
of the Enlightenment. Quantum theory also undermines the
idea that the physical world exists objectively and independently
of human observers, since it is the act of observation, or
measurement, that collapses the wave function. The solid physical
world of our everyday experience and of Newtonian physics in
some sense comes into existence only by being measured.
Quantum physics is an absolutely central part of modern
science, and the fact that the picture of physical reality that it
offers is so strange and indeterministic has unsurprisingly proved
of great interest to philosophical and religious thinkers. The
prospect of a new and more holistic philosophy of nature in
which the observer is integrally involved and in which
determinism is denied is one that appeals to proponents of
many different world views, from traditional religions to more
modern ‘New Age’ ideologies. Attempts by theologians to make
use of quantum physics as a more permanent source of ‘gaps’ in
which God might be able to act have had a mixed reception. Such
attempts do not help to answer the sceptic’s question of why God
would act on some occasions rather than others; nor do they
satisfy those religious believers who hold that, as the author rather
than the slave of the laws of nature, God can override or suspend
them at will without needing to tinker with the states of quantum
systems.

The ﬁrst cause
But perhaps the fundamental laws of the physical universe
themselves – rather than isolated suspensions, violations, or
50

manipulations of those laws – provide the strongest evidence of
divine purpose. This is to return to the simple idea suggested by
many philosophers, theologians, and scientists through the ages
that, although we might generally explain natural phenomena
in terms of other secondary natural causes, we must, to avoid an
endless regress, at some point posit a ﬁrst cause, a ‘prime mover’,
and that what we know of the world suggests that this prime
mover is that same God whom many have encountered through
sacred texts and religious experiences.

Atheists respond that even if we suppose the universe to have a
creator or a designer, that does not answer the question of who
created the creator or who designed the designer. This is true, but
not very surprising. Every explanatory journey has a terminus.
That terminus might be matter, or mystery, or metaphysical
necessity. It might be a featureless ﬁrst cause or it might be God.
Wherever one decides to end the explanatory journey, there will
always still be the possibility of asking ‘Why?’ or ‘But what caused
that?’ The answer in all cases – whether religious or secular – is
that something or other just is. A much more serious problem for
the theist is how to close the large gap between positing a ﬁrst
cause for the universe and identifying that unknown cause with
51

Does God act in nature?

We cannot expect the natural sciences to help us with the
question of a ﬁrst cause. Science is unable to tell us why there is
something rather than nothing. Cosmological theories can try to
explain how the something that does exist works and how it is
related to other cosmic somethings that have existed in the past,
present, or future, or even in numerous parallel universes or extra
dimensions. That is what is attempted by theories about big bangs
and big crunches, about superstrings and membranes, and about
quantum ﬂuctuations and multiple universes. But physical science
cannot go beyond that to explain why the things that we call
matter-energy and laws of nature ever came to be. Here we have
an unclosable gap in our scientiﬁc knowledge, and one which all
theists agree is ﬁlled by God.

the personal God of Judaism, Christianity, Islam, or any other
religious tradition.

Science and Religion

Fine tuning
For those who see God in the arrangement of the laws of nature
rather than in their occasional violation, it is notable that the
universe seems to be ‘ﬁne tuned’ for carbon-based life. If the
physical constants of the universe had been very slightly different,
then such life (including human life) would not have been
possible. If the Big Bang had banged only slightly more vigorously,
for example, matter would have been blown apart too fast for stars
and planets to be formed. If the force of gravity had been even
inﬁnitesimally larger or smaller, then life-sustaining stars such as
our sun could not have come into existence. Does this show that,
to quote the physicist Fred Hoyle, ‘a superintellect has monkeyed
with physics’ and that ‘there are no blind forces worth speaking
about in nature’? Some think that this ﬁne tuning is indeed
best explained by supposing that a creator with an interest in
producing intelligent life designed our universe. Others are more
persuaded by the idea that our universe is just one of countless
universes in a ‘multiverse’ or a ‘megaverse’. If that were the case,
then at least a small proportion of those multiple universes would
have the right conditions for producing life and, inevitably, we
would ﬁnd ourselves in one such universe.
What people on both sides of this argument agree about, but
which should not be taken for granted, is that there is something
here to be explained – whether by God or by multiverses.
Both sides start with the premise that the values taken by the
fundamental constants in our universe are surprising, improbable,
and in need of explanation. But how do we know the probability
of any given conﬁguration of physical constants? Surely any
speciﬁed combination of inﬁnitely variable constants is equally,
inﬁnitely improbable? How, in any case, can we be conﬁdent
that these constants are free to vary in the way these arguments
52

assume they are, and are not simply ﬁxed by nature or linked to
each other in a way we do not understand? And should the actual
existence of trillions of other universes, as opposed to their merely
possible existence, really make us any less surprised about the
existence and physical make-up of our own? As the character
Philo put it in David Hume’s Dialogues Concerning Natural
Religion (1779),
having found, in so many other subjects much more familiar, the
imperfections and even contradictions of human reason, I never
should expect any success from its feeble conjectures, in a subject so
sublime, and so remote from the sphere of our observation.

Not seeing and yet believing

53

Does God act in nature?

Hume was also the author of the most famous expression
of rationalist scepticism about miracles. In a 1748 essay ‘Of
Miracles’, Hume argued against miracles on the basis of the
relative weakness of the evidence in favour of them. Since the
laws of nature are, by deﬁnition, generalizations that conform
as closely as possible to the universal experience of humanity,
Hume said, then they are as empirically well grounded as any
statement can be. However generous we wish to be about the
strength of the evidence in favour of miracles – that is, the reports
of supposed eye-witnesses to the events, such as those recorded
in the scriptures and in lives of saints – that testimony will never
be as strong as the evidence that supports the laws of nature.
Which, Hume asked, would be the greater miracle – that the laws
of nature had actually been overturned or that those attesting to
the miracle (possibly even including yourself ) were mistaken?
A rational person, Hume concluded, would have to answer that
the falsity of the testimony was the more likely option. In short, a
rational person could not believe in miracles. To put this in terms
of the different sources of knowledge discussed in Chapter 2,
Hume’s argument was that collective sense experience trumps
testimony.

Science and Religion

For those accepting the empiricist spirit of Hume’s approach,
even if not his conclusions, the evidence of one’s own senses must
indeed be the ﬁnal court of appeal. No matter what your beliefs
about physical science, the laws of nature, or the strength of the
testimony of others to miracles, your own experience will override
all of these. If you have never witnessed a miracle, that will
probably be the most signiﬁcant obstacle to your believing that
such a thing can occur. If, on the other hand, you had witnessed
with your own eyes St Agatha’s wounds being instantaneously
healed, or a ﬂow of lava suddenly and inexplicably changing
direction when a veil was held up to it, you would have to admit
that you had seen something truly extraordinary, which, in spite of
Hume, you might well consider a miracle.
Even then, however, there would be a gap between the observation
that something had happened which was contrary to the
normal course of nature, and the belief that you had witnessed a
supernatural or divine event. A more scientiﬁc attitude would be
to treat the event as an unexplained anomaly – like an experiment
in the laboratory that does not produce the result predicted by
your theory. Such anomalies might lead to new discoveries about
how the natural world works, or they might remain recalcitrant
and unexplained. They need not take on religious signiﬁcance,
however. It is the experience of remarkable and unexplained
phenomena in a speciﬁcally religious context that turns an
anomaly into a miracle.
One religious response to the rationalist’s demand for better
evidence for miracles is to suggest that religious truths are to
be accepted not on the basis of empirical evidence but through
faith. The importance of faith is strongly emphasized in the New
Testament – most famously in the story of the apostle Thomas,
who says that he will not believe Jesus has risen from the dead
until he sees him in the ﬂesh with the marks of the nails in his
hands and the wound in his side. Thomas then encounters the

54

risen Jesus, and believes. Jesus says to Thomas: ‘Because you
have seen me, you have believed; blessed are those who have not
seen and yet have believed.’ In his anti-Christian polemic The
Age of Reason (1794), Thomas Paine remarked that if Thomas
could refuse to believe in the resurrection until he had ‘ocular
and manual demonstration’, then so could he, ‘and the reason is
equally as good for me, and for every other person, as for Thomas’.
More recently, Richard Dawkins has described Thomas as the
‘only really admirable member of the twelve apostles’, because of
his scientiﬁc demand for empirical evidence.

Divine inaction
The rebellious and sceptical Ivan, one of the brothers in
Dostoyevsky’s novel The Brothers Karamazov (1880), like
doubting Thomas, demands evidence. He is disgusted by the
human cruelty and suffering that he sees all around, and does
55

Does God act in nature?

7. Caravaggio’s The Incredulity of St Thomas (1602–3)

Science and Religion

not accept that the promise of a future life in which all will be
well is a satisfactory recompense. ‘I want to see with my own
eyes the lion lie down with the lamb and the murdered man rise
up and embrace his murderer’, Ivan tells his brother. ‘I want to be
there when everyone suddenly ﬁnds out what it has all been for.’
But until that happens, Ivan cannot believe that the suffering of
innocent children at the hands of torturers and abusers can ever
be made up for by any future heavenly rewards. If that is the
price of eternal truth and of admission to heaven, Ivan says,
then the price is too high, and ‘I hasten to return my ticket of
admission.’
Ivan’s rejection of Christianity is one that has been echoed by
countless other critics of religion. If God exists and has the
power to intervene in nature, and on occasion apparently uses
that power, they ask, why does God fail to intervene in so many
other cases of horriﬁc injustice, cruelty, and suffering? Why,
for example, did God allow Agatha to be tortured, abused, and
mutilated before miraculously healing her through a vision of
St Peter? Why would God allow some to be killed by volcanic
eruptions and plagues, while bestowing special protection on the
inhabitants of Catania? Why, in any case, does God need to use
the powers of an object such as St Agatha’s veil to achieve this
protection, rather than acting directly to prevent the eruption or
the disease in the ﬁrst place? More generally, why is one person
miraculously cured while another of equal faith and virtue
suffers and dies? We might say that God moves in a mysterious
way – which certainly seems to have been the case if we are to
believe the many religious tales of wonders and miracles through
the ages – but is that a good enough response? If God created us
and our moral sense, then why do God’s own ways of acting in the
world seem to us not to meet our own standards of what is just
and good?
These are among the most difﬁcult questions with which religious
believers have to grapple. As Henry Drummond put it, ‘If God
56

appears periodically, He disappears periodically. If He comes
upon the scene at special crises, He is absent from the scene in
the intervals.’ Science and philosophy certainly do not require us
to believe in determinism or to deny the possibility of miracles.
However, the theologians’ dilemma will not go away: divine
inaction is just as hard to explain as divine action.

Does God act in nature?

57

Chapter 4
Darwin and evolution

When the English naturalist Charles Darwin died at his Kent
home in April 1882 at the age of 73, he was already a celebrity.
Not only in Britain but around the world he was famed as the
author of the theory of evolution that had transformed science
and become the deﬁning philosophy of the age. The news of his
death was greeted by a campaign in the press for a funeral at
Westminster Abbey. Despite lingering doubts about Darwin’s
religious beliefs, it was soon agreed that no other tribute would
be adequate. The great and the good would gather to mark the
astonishing theoretical achievements, the patience and industry
of decades of research, and the dignity and modesty of this
unassuming English gentleman. At the funeral, the Reverend
Frederic Farrar’s sermon compared Darwin’s scientiﬁc genius with
that of his countryman, Isaac Newton, next to whose memorial in
the abbey Darwin’s own ﬁnal resting place would be. Farrar also
explained that Darwin’s theory of evolution was quite consistent
with an elevated sense of the actions of the Creator in the natural
world. The funeral symbolized the acceptance by the Anglican
establishment of Darwin and of evolution, just over 20 years after
the publication of On the Origin of Species in 1859.
It was a somewhat suspicious and hesitant kind of acceptance,
though. Not everyone in the Church of England, nor in society at

58

In this chapter and the next, we will explore these and other
reasons why the theory of evolution has been considered so
dangerous, starting in this chapter with Darwin’s religious views,
the reception of his theory, and its theological implications, before
moving on in Chapter 5 to the modern American controversy
about teaching evolution in schools. The ﬁgure of Charles Darwin
himself continues to haunt these discussions. His image adorns
not only the covers of countless books on the subject of evolution
but also even the British ten pound note. The most frequently
used pictures of Darwin are those from his old age in which his
white beard and portentous expression conjure up images of
biblical prophets, perhaps even of God. The theory of evolution
by natural selection has become identiﬁed with this single iconic
historical individual. Darwin’s own scientiﬁc and religious views
are often discussed and sometimes misrepresented in polemical
works about evolution and religion. It is important therefore to
have a grasp of what this revolutionary scientiﬁc thinker really
thought and why.

59

Darwin and evolution

large, was happy to ‘go the whole orang’ – the geologist Charles
Lyell’s phrase for accepting that evolution applied to humans
too. Indeed, it has always been human evolution in particular,
rather than the evolution of bacteria, beetles, barnacles, or
bats, that has really captured the imagination and unsettled the
beliefs of the wider public. Religious ideas about the elevated
place of humanity in the creation, and especially about the soul
and morality, were the ones most directly challenged by the
evolutionary science that Darwin’s career helped to establish as
a new orthodoxy. Among those who have resisted Darwinism for
religious reasons over the last century and a half, some have done
so on the grounds of its conﬂict with a literal interpretation of
scripture. For many others, however, their resistance has been
to the theory of evolution’s apparent incompatibility with belief
in free will, moral responsibility, and a rational and immortal
human soul.

Science and Religion

8. A photographic portrait of Charles Darwin made by Lock and
Whitﬁeld in 1878

Darwin’s religious odyssey
In his early 20s, Darwin was looking forward to a career in the
Church of England. He had embarked on medical training in
Edinburgh a few years earlier but had found the lectures boring
and the demonstrations of surgery disgusting. Now his father
sent him off to Christ’s College, Cambridge, where young Charles
60

signed up to the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England
and set about studying mathematics and theology with a view
to entering holy orders after graduation. But Darwin found that
theology appealed about as much as surgery. His real passion
at this time was for beetle-hunting rather than Bible-reading,
and he had an early triumph when one of the specimens he had
identiﬁed appeared in print in an instalment of Illustrations of
British Entomology. In 1831 this enthusiastic young amateur
naturalist was invited to join the HMS Beagle as a companion to
the ship’s captain, Robert Fitzroy, and to undertake collections
and observations on matters of natural-historical interest. Perhaps
he was not, after all, destined to become the Reverend Charles
Darwin.

Back in England, however, after the voyage, Darwin would
start to have doubts. His grandfather, father, and elder brother
61

Darwin and evolution

The voyage of the Beagle lasted from 1831 to 1836. The primary
purpose of the expedition was to complete the British Admiralty’s
survey of the coast of South America, but its ﬁve-year itinerary
also took in Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Darwin’s
observations of rock formations, plants, animals, and indigenous
peoples were incidental to the purpose of the expedition but
absolutely central to his own intellectual development. On board
the Beagle, Darwin’s religious views started to evolve too. He
had no doubt that the natural world was the work of God. In his
notebook he recorded his impressions of the South American
jungle: ‘Twiners entwining twiners – tresses like hair – beautiful
lepidoptera – Silence – hosannah.’ To Darwin, these jungles were
‘temples ﬁlled with the varied productions of the God of Nature’,
in which no-one could stand without ‘feeling that there is more
in man than the mere breath of his body’. He even admired
the civilizing effects of the work of Christian missionaries too,
observing that ‘so excellent is the Christian faith, that the outward
conduct of the believers is said most decidedly to have been
improved by its doctrines’.

Science and Religion

had all rejected Christianity, adopting either Deism or outright
freethinking unbelief. He seemed to be heading in a similar
direction. His reasons were many. His travels had revealed to him
at ﬁrst hand the great variety of religious beliefs and practices
around the world. All these different religions claimed to have a
special revelation from God, but they could not all be right. Then
there was his moral revulsion at the Christian doctrine that while
the faithful would be saved, unbelievers and heathens, along
with unrepentant sinners, would be consigned to an eternity of
damnation. Darwin thought this was a ‘damnable doctrine’ and
could not see how anyone could wish it to be true. This objection
hit him with particular force after the death of his unbelieving
father in 1848.
There were two ways in which Darwin’s re-reading of the book
of nature also gave him reasons to re-think his religion. He
and others before him had seen in the adaptation of plants and
animals to their environments evidence of the power and wisdom
of God. But Darwin now thought he saw something else. Hard
though it was for him to believe it himself – the human eye could
still give him a shudder of incredulity – he came to think that all
these adaptations came about by natural processes. Variation and
natural selection could counterfeit intelligent design. Secondly,
along with the silent beauty of the jungle he had also observed
all sorts of cruelty and violence in nature, which he could not
believe a benevolent and omnipotent God could have willed. Why,
for example, would God have created the ichneumon wasp? The
ichneumon lays its eggs inside a caterpillar, with the effect that
when the larvae hatch they eat their host alive. Why would God
create cuckoos which eject their foster siblings from the nest?
Why make ants that enslave other species of ant? Why give queen
bees the instinct of murderous hatred towards their daughters?
‘What a book a Devil’s chaplain might write’, Darwin exclaimed,
‘on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering low & horridly cruel works
of nature!’

62

Darwin never became an atheist. At the time he wrote On the
Origin of Species he was still a theist, although not a Christian.
By the end of his life he preferred to adopt the label ‘agnostic’,
which had been coined by his friend Thomas Huxley in 1869.
Darwin, for the most part, kept his religious doubts to himself.
He had many reasons to do so, not least his desire for a quiet life
and social respectability. The most important reason, though,
was his wife Emma. In the early years of their marriage, Emma, a
pious evangelical Christian, wrote a letter to Charles of her fears
about his loss of faith in Christianity and the consequences for his
salvation. She could not bear the thought that his doubts would
mean they were not reunited after death in heaven. The death of
their beloved young daughter Annie in 1851 brought home again
the need for the consolation of an afterlife. The difference between
Charles and Emma on this question was a painful one. Among
Darwin’s papers after his death, Emma found the letter she had
written to him on the subject 40 years earlier. On it her husband

63

Darwin and evolution

9. An ichneumon wasp injecting its eggs into the caterpillar that will
play host to the wasp larvae and, in due course, provide their ﬁrst meal

had added a short note of his own: ‘When I am dead, know that
many times, I have kissed and cryed over this.’

The theory of evolution by natural selection

Science and Religion

The observations made by Darwin during his Beagle voyage
proved crucial to his later theoretical speculations. As with all
scientiﬁc observations, these only made sense with reference to
existing theoretical frameworks, in this case to William Paley’s
natural theology and Charles Lyell’s geology. On his return to
England, reading a work of political economy by the Reverend
Thomas Malthus would provide Darwin with a further and
critically important idea, which would become the linchpin of
his theory.
Like all Cambridge students at the time, Darwin was well
versed in the works of William Paley. An Anglican clergyman,
philosopher, and theologian, Paley was one of the most popular
religious writers of the 18th and 19th centuries. His 1802 book
Natural Theology, or Evidence of the Existence and Attributes of
the Deity, Collected from the Appearances of Nature compared
plants and animals to a pocket watch. Any structure with many
intricately crafted parts working together to achieve a speciﬁed
end – telling the time in the one case, gathering pollen, ﬂying, or
seeing, in the other – must have had a designer. Just as a watch
has a human watchmaker, Paley reasoned, to the satisfaction of
the young Darwin and tens of thousands of other readers, so the
works of nature – its ﬂowers and its bees, its birds’ wings and its
human eyes – must have had a supremely powerful and intelligent
designer, namely God. Unlike Thomas Paine and the Deists, who
took this argument as the main basis for their religion, Paley
thought that this kind of natural theology was of use largely as a
supplementary argument conﬁrming what was already known
from the Bible, and from the inner voice of one’s conscience.
What Darwin speciﬁcally took from Paley was the tendency to
64

ﬁnd everywhere in nature extraordinary evidence of design, of
contrivance, of adaptation.

When Darwin got back to England and started to try to make
sense of the numerous specimens of plants and animals he had
collected during the voyage, he began to focus on the ‘species
question’. This was the ‘mystery of mysteries’ for those seeking a
naturalistic explanation of the origins of the different forms of
life. In the 1830s, Darwin was confronted with two alternative
explanations which were both equally unpalatable to him. Either
each species had been created at a particular time and place by
God, as most other naturalists believed, or else all life had started,
perhaps spontaneously, in a simple form and had gradually
climbed the ladder of life in the direction of greater complexity
and perfection. The ﬁrst option was unattractive because it
posited a whole series of miraculous interventions by God in the
history of life. What Darwin wanted to ﬁnd was an explanation in
terms of natural laws. The second option, the French naturalist
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck’s theory of ‘transmutation’, developed
in his Philosophie Zoologique (1809), involved too many
65

Darwin and evolution

A second key component of Darwin’s world view was provided
by a book he read during the Beagle voyage, Sir Charles Lyell’s
Principles of Geology, published in three volumes between 1830
and 1833. Lyell’s book argued that the history of the earth was one
of gradual changes operating over long periods of time rather than
one of regular violent catastrophes. His was a reformist rather
than a revolutionary view of geology – time was to replace violence
as the principal agent of change. Darwin came to see geological
phenomena through Lyell’s eyes. He witnessed an earthquake,
for example, in Chile in 1835. After the quake he noticed that the
shoreline had risen slightly. He also observed similar elevated
beaches at much higher levels up in the Andes. If geological
change could be explained by such gradual modiﬁcations over
time, perhaps biological change could too. Darwin later confessed,
‘I always feel as if my books came half out of Lyell’s brains.’

Science and Religion

unacceptable theoretical assumptions for Darwin, such as the
idea that life was continuously being spontaneously generated and
starting its ascent up the ladder of life, that all life was climbing
in the same direction up this single ladder, and that a creature’s
own voluntary efforts could alter its physical structure. Lamarck’s
theory was also widely believed to be connected to religiously
unacceptable ideas of materialism and determinism – in other
words, to the view that all phenomena, both mental and physical,
could ultimately be explained in terms of causal interactions
between particles of matter.
The animal life of the Galapagos islands – its ﬁnches and giant
tortoises, its iguanas and mocking birds – was later to provide
one of the keys to unlocking the ‘mystery of mysteries’. During
his ﬁve weeks on the island in 1835, Darwin became aware that
these creatures differed in form from one island to the next, and
also between the islands and the South American mainland.
Subsequently, back in England, Darwin started to see these
differences as useful evidence for evolution. At the time, he did
not take great care to mark which ﬁnches had been collected from
which island. And in the case of the giant tortoises, he even ate
some of the evidence, recording in his diary: ‘Eating tortoise meat.
By the way delicious in soup.’
The Galapagos ﬁnches have become a popular example with
which to explain Darwin’s theory since they nicely illustrate the
dilemma he faced as he thought about the history of life in the
1830s. Each island had its own species of ﬁnch, with differences
in the sizes and shapes of their beaks. Did this require Darwin
to believe that there had been a separate act of creation by God
on each island, and another one on the mainland too? This
seemed scientiﬁcally and theologically inelegant, to say the
least. A unidirectional transmutationist model would not work
either, since there was no obvious way to arrange these different
species in a single line with one developing into the other. From
the late 1830s, Darwin ﬁlled his notebooks with arguments and
66

Darwin and evolution

10. A giant Galapagos tortoise of the kind Darwin enjoyed eating
during his visit to the islands in 1835

counter-arguments trying to solve these sorts of problems. He
thought about the way that breeders of pigeons selected particular
individuals among each generation when trying to produce
unusual new varieties. The analogy with artiﬁcial selection would
be central to his argument. Even more central, though, was an
idea he took from An Essay on the Principle of Population (1798)
by Thomas Malthus.
Darwin read Malthus’s Essay in 1838 and saw how it could be
applied to the species question. Malthus’s concern was with
human populations. He believed that these had a natural tendency
67

Science and Religion

11. An illustration from Darwin’s Journal of Researches into the
Natural History and Geology of the Countries Visited During the
Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle (1845), showing a selection of the different
species of ﬁnch collected during the voyage

to increase at an exponential rate from one generation to the
next (1, 2, 4, 8 …), while the amount of food that a society could
produce increased only arithmetically (1, 2, 3, 4 …). This led, in
each generation, to a struggle for resources. The strong would
survive but the weak would perish. Looking at the entangled
creepers of the South American jungle, the parasitic and
murderous instincts of insects, and even at the plants and weeds
in his own back garden, Darwin could see something similar going
on – a competition for resources which those creatures with even
a slight advantage over their competitors would win. This struggle
for existence and the resulting ‘survival of the ﬁttest’, as the
evolutionary philosopher Herbert Spencer would call it, became
the central idea of Darwin’s theory. Alfred Russel Wallace, who
came up with the idea of natural selection in the 1850s, 20 years
68

later than Darwin but before Darwin had published his theory,
also gave credit to Malthus as a source of inspiration.

So, according to this theory, the species of Galapagos ﬁnches were
not separately created, nor were they on the successive rungs of
a single ladder of life; instead, they were at the ends of different
branches of a huge family tree – the tree of life. The differences
in the kinds of food that had been available on the different
islands – seeds, insects, or cactuses – meant that different sizes
and shapes of beak would have bestowed a greater advantage in
the struggle for existence depending on geographical location.
These species had diverged from a common ancestor species,
originally blown across from the mainland. Nature had then
acted like the pigeon-fancier, selecting those individuals with the
desired characteristics, and allowing them to breed.
When, in 1858, Darwin received a letter from Wallace outlining
a theory virtually identical to his, he was spurred into a more
rapid publication of his ideas than he had planned. At a hurriedly
arranged meeting of the Linnaean Society, an announcement was
made of Darwin’s and Wallace’s theories. The following year saw
69

Darwin and evolution

Darwin now had his solution. The adaptation of organisms to
their environment, and the origins of separate species, should
be explained not in terms of the creative acts of Paley’s designer,
but by geographical distribution, random heritable variation,
competition for resources, and the survival of the ﬁttest over vast
aeons of time. Natural selection could come in many different
guises – as a disease, a predator, a drought, a shortage of your
favourite food, a sudden change in the weather – but those
individuals in each generation who happened by good luck to
be the best equipped to cope with these natural assaults would
ﬂourish and leave offspring, while the less well adapted would
perish without issue. Repeat that process for hundreds of millions
of years and the whole panoply of species now observed could
evolve from the simplest forms of life.

12. One of Darwin’s ﬁrst sketches, in his notebooks of the late 1830s,
of his idea of a branching tree of life connecting all organisms through
a shared ancestry

the publication by John Murray of Albemarle Street, London,
of On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or
The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life. The
author’s credentials were prominently displayed on the title page:
‘Charles Darwin, M.A., Fellow of the Royal, Geological, Linnaean,
etc., Societies; Author of Journal of Researches During H.M.S.
Beagle’s Voyage Round the World’. Hopefully this impressive
potted curriculum vitae would make the book’s revolutionary
contents more palatable to its Victorian readers.

‘Our unsuspected cousinship with
the mushrooms’

When it came to the concluding section of the book, Darwin
reiterated Whewell’s view that God acted in a law-like rather than
a miraculous fashion. ‘To my mind,’ Darwin wrote,

71

Darwin and evolution

Those ﬁrst readers of On the Origin of Species were presented
with a view of nature in which God had been pushed to the
margins rather than banished completely. God was no longer
needed to create each individual species but Darwin, whether
for the sake of convention or out of his own remaining religious
convictions, presented his argument as favouring a kind of theistic
evolution. On opening their copy of the book in 1859, the ﬁrst
words that a reader would have come across were two theological
epigraphs – one a quotation from the Anglican divine and
polymath, William Whewell, the other from Francis Bacon, one of
the leading lights of the scientiﬁc revolution of the 17th century.
Whewell stated that in the material world ‘events are brought
about not by insulated interpositions of Divine power, exerted in
each particular case, but by the establishment of general laws’.
According to Bacon, one could never have too much knowledge of
either the book of God’s word or the book of God’s works, divinity
or philosophy, ‘rather let men endeavour an endless progress or
proﬁcience in both’.

it accords better with what we know of the laws impressed on
matter by the Creator, that the production and extinction of the
past and present inhabitants of the world should have been due to
secondary causes … When I view all beings not as special creations,
but as the lineal descendants of some few beings which lived long
before the ﬁrst bed of the Silurian system was deposited, they seem
to me to become ennobled.

In the famous closing sentences of the book, Darwin marvelled
that from ‘the war of nature, from famine and death’, the highest
forms of life had been produced. He concluded:
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having
been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,

Science and Religion

whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the ﬁxed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful
and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.

From the second edition onwards, in case there was any doubt
about his meaning, he changed the phrase ‘breathed into a few
forms or into one’ to ‘breathed by the Creator into a few forms or
into one’.
There were some within the Christian churches who were
persuaded by Darwin’s new natural theology. There was indeed
greater grandeur and nobility, they agreed, as well as more
simplicity and order, in a world where God had created through
a law-like process of evolution, rather than one in which God
periodically intervened to top up the planet’s ﬂora and fauna after
particularly destructive catastrophes. We have already seen in
Chapter 3 that Henry Drummond was one such individual. The
historian, Christian socialist, and novelist Charles Kingsley was
another. His famous children’s story The Water Babies, published
in 1863, included an allusion to his approval for Darwin’s
new theory. The little boy Tom approaches ‘Mother Carey’, a
personiﬁcation of nature, and says ‘I heard, ma’am, that you
72

were always making new beasts out of old.’ Mother Carey replies
‘So people fancy. But I am not going to trouble myself to make
things, my little dear. I sit here and make them make themselves.’
A future Archbishop of Canterbury, Frederick Temple, was
another Anglican who supported the idea that God might have
created through variation and natural selection rather than by a
succession of miracles. On the other side of the Atlantic also there
were individuals, such as the Harvard botanist and Presbyterian
Asa Gray, who were persuaded to adopt a theistic version of
Darwinian evolution.

73

Darwin and evolution

But there were instances of conﬂict too, most famously in the
form of a dramatic confrontation at the British Association for
the Advancement of Science in Oxford in 1860. Darwin himself
was not present at the occasion, but his theory was discussed in a
paper applying Darwinian ideas to the question of intellectual and
social progress. The general issue of Darwinism was then opened
up to the ﬂoor for further debate. The ﬁrst speaker was the Bishop
of Oxford, Samuel Wilberforce. He spoke at some length about
Darwin’s theory. We do not have a record of exactly what he said,
but we can make an educated guess based on his review of On the
Origin of Species which appeared in the conservative Quarterly
Review. In that review, Wilberforce noted that the conclusion
implied by Darwin’s book, namely that ‘mosses, grasses, turnips,
oaks, worms, and ﬂies, mites and elephants, infusoria and
whales, tadpoles of today and venerable saurians, trufﬂes and
men, are all equally the lineal descendants of the same aboriginal
common ancestor’ was certainly a surprising one, but one which
he would have to admit if the scientiﬁc reasoning were sound. He
was not going to object, he wrote, to Darwin’s inference of ‘our
unsuspected cousinship with the mushrooms’ on biblical grounds,
since it was most unwise to try to judge the truth of scientiﬁc
theories with reference to revelation. However, drawing heavily
on the work of the country’s leading anatomist, Richard Owen,
Wilberforce found plenty of scientiﬁc objections to the theory,
focusing especially on the lack of fossil evidence of transitional

Science and Religion

forms, and on the fact that however many varieties of pigeons and
dogs may have been produced under domestication, pigeons had
always remained pigeons and dogs always dogs. There had been
no hint of a new species.
Although he did not base his objections on a literal reading of
the Bible, Wilberforce’s resistance to evolution, like that of many
religious believers since his day, did derive from a commitment
to a biblically inspired world view in which human beings were
separate from and superior to the rest of the animal world.
The Christian teaching that God took on human form in the
person of Jesus Christ also gave that human form a particularly
special signiﬁcance. To claim that man was nothing more than
an ‘improved ape’ rather than ‘Creation’s crown and perfection’
was, Wilberforce pointed out, therefore demeaning to God as
well as to humanity. At the Oxford meeting, at the end of his
remarks, Wilberforce is reported to have turned to one of Darwin’s
staunchest advocates, Thomas Huxley, who was present among
the throng of almost a thousand people, and asked him whether
he was descended from an ape on the side of his grandmother
or his grandfather. It was intended as a joke, but Huxley was
apparently white with anger as he whispered to his neighbour,
‘The Lord hath delivered him into mine hands.’ Huxley rose and
replied severely that he would rather be descended from an ape
than from a man who used his intellect and inﬂuence to introduce
ridicule into a grave scientiﬁc discussion. As the temperature
in the packed auditorium rose, and at least one woman fainted
in the excitement, Darwin’s old companion from HMS Beagle,
Captain Fitzroy, stood up holding a Bible aloft with both hands
and denounced Darwin’s theory. Another of Darwin’s inner circle,
the botanist Joseph Hooker, then weighed in with what was,
on Hooker’s own account, a decisive intervention on the side of
Darwinism.
It is a colourful story, and one that has become part of Darwinian
folklore. In 1860, Wilberforce, Huxley, and Hooker all thought
74

that they had won the day. But by the time the tale came into
wider circulation a couple of decades later, Huxley and Hooker,
who had long been pressing for the autonomy of science from
the Church, had risen to positions of much greater inﬂuence.
The ascendancy of the professionalizing agnostics within the
British scientiﬁc establishment was witnessed by the fact that
both Hooker and Huxley were chosen to serve as Presidents of
the Royal Society. The Huxley-Wilberforce story was then used
retrospectively, as a piece of victors’ history, to suggest a clearer
triumph for scientiﬁc naturalism over Anglican conservatism than
had really been achieved in Oxford in 1860. It suited the new elite
to be able to tell the story in a way that seemed to foreshadow
and legitimize their own rise to power, while simultaneously
depoliticizing the issue. The 1860 confrontation between Samuel
Wilberforce and Richard Owen, on the one hand, and the
75

Darwin and evolution

13. Cartoons from Vanity Fair depicting Professor Thomas Huxley
and Bishop Samuel Wilberforce, whose encounter in Oxford in 1860
became legendary

young Darwinians, on the other, had resulted from a struggle
for dominance within the institutions of British science and
education – a conﬂict between competing social interests as well
as between competing interpretations of the scientiﬁc evidence for
evolution. The later recasting of the Huxley-Wilberforce debate
as one more instance of a simple and timeless conﬂict between
‘science’ and ‘religion’ helped to suggest that the agnostics’ rise
to power was the result of an inexorable historical process rather
than a deliberate political campaign.

Science and Religion

Evolution and theology
Wilberforce’s review of On the Origin of Species identiﬁed the
theological issues which would play out repeatedly among
Christians, Jews, Muslims, and others as they considered the
implications of evolution for their religious beliefs in the 19th
century and afterwards. Some of these were not new. Discoveries
in astronomy and geology had already given theologians plenty
of opportunity to discuss the relative authority of science and
scripture in determining natural knowledge. Darwin’s view of
nature drew particular attention to suffering, violence, and death.
But people hardly needed Darwin to tell them that these were
features of the natural world in general and of human life in
particular. Again, theologians were already aware of the problem
of evil, and had various responses to it. One common response to
human evil was to explain that God must allow his creatures free
will, which could be turned to either good or evil ends. Bishop
Wilberforce’s response to Darwin’s remarks on imperfections
in nature, and on the apparent cruelty of such creatures as the
ichneumon wasp, was to refer to the Christian idea of the Fall. On
this view, when Adam and Eve, the crowns and rulers of creation,
were expelled from the Garden of Eden for their disobedience,
it was not just they and their human descendants who fell
from grace into a disordered state; it was the whole of nature.
As Wilberforce put it, the ‘strange forms of imperfection and
suffering amongst the works of God’ were the ongoing expression
76

of ‘the strong shudder which ran through all this world when its
head and ruler fell’.

By the end of the 19th century, there was no serious scientiﬁc
opposition to the basic evolutionary tenets of descent with
modiﬁcation and the common ancestry of all forms of life. There
was considerable dispute about the explanatory sufﬁciency of
the mechanism identiﬁed by Darwin and Wallace as the main
driving force of evolution, namely natural selection acting on
random variations. Lamarckian mechanisms of various forms
were still discussed, and the process of heredity was a matter of
dispute. From 1900 onwards, there were debates between those
who used the work of Gregor Mendel to argue that characteristics
were inherited in all-or-nothing units of the kind that came to be
known as ‘genes’, and those who believed that inheritance was a
question of an inﬁnitely gradated ‘blending’ of traits. Only during
the 1930s and 1940s did the modern evolutionary framework
of neo-Darwinism, with which we are now familiar, take shape.
That framework combined Mendelian genetics with the theory of
natural selection, and ﬁnally rejected evolutionary theories that
77

Darwin and evolution

What was theologically new and troubling was the destruction
of the boundary securely separating humanity from the ‘brute
creation’ (and, to a lesser but signiﬁcant extent, the destruction
of the boundaries separating kinds of plants and animals from
each other). The publication of Darwin’s theories about human
evolution in The Descent of Man (1871) and The Expression
of the Emotions in Man and Animals (1872) provided further
material for discussions about the relationship between humanity
and the other animals. In these works Darwin speculated, as
he had not dared to in 1859, on how even the most elevated of
human faculties – the emotions, the moral sense, and religious
feelings – might have evolved by natural means (including the
‘Lamarckian’ process of the inheritance of acquired characteristics,
which Darwin always maintained operated alongside his own
favoured mechanism of natural selection).

14. One of many 19th-century images which satirized Darwin’s theory
of human evolution by depicting him as an ape

appealed either to the inheritance of acquired characteristics or to
some innate life-force driving evolution from within.
Throughout these developments, theologians continued to make
various uses of evolutionary ideas. The early 20th century saw a
ﬂourishing of ideas about creative evolution and guided evolution
that appealed to religious thinkers. Since then, the triumph of
neo-Darwinism has posed different theological problems. Within
each faith tradition, there have been those who embrace evolution
but also those who reject it – each has its own evolutionists, its
own creationists, and many others in between.

Since the 19th century, the Roman Catholic Church has gradually
developed an ofﬁcial line accepting that the human species
79

Darwin and evolution

For Jews, the theory of evolution not only raises questions about
biblical interpretation and about human nature but also has
connotations of Nazism and the Holocaust. Ideas about the
‘survival of the ﬁttest’ were used by Nazis to try to justify their
racist and eugenic ideology. Their regime was responsible for the
murder of millions of Jews and others of supposedly ‘inferior’
races during the Second World War. The theory of evolution by
natural selection has been used to bolster all sorts of different
ideologies, including socialism, liberalism, and anarchism. Recent
historical research has even shown how evolutionary ideas were
used in the construction and defence of Zionism. While the
idea of evolution has proved to be politically very malleable, it is
generally accepted that in itself the scientiﬁc theory does not lead
to any of these positions. Ideas of evolution will surely nonetheless
continue to carry a menacing undertone given the anti-Semitic
uses to which they have been put in the past. It has been pointed
out that two biologists who were prominent in resisting more
deterministic evolutionary theories of mind and society in the
later 20th century, namely Stephen Jay Gould and Richard
Lewontin, were both Jewish (although they both had scientiﬁc
and political reasons for resisting such theories too).

Science and Religion

has physically evolved in the way described by science, but
which states that each individual human soul is created in the
image of God and cannot be explained merely as the product of
materialistic evolution. There have been Roman Catholics on
and slightly beyond the fringes of orthodoxy who have spoken in
favour of evolution, such as the 19th-century anatomist St George
Mivart, who tried to persuade the Church of the plausibility of
theistic evolution, and the Jesuit palaeontologist Pierre Teilhard
de Chardin, whose popular mid-20th-century books interpreted
evolution as a divinely guided cosmic process with human moral
and spiritual awareness as its goal. Pope Benedict XVI, speaking
at his inaugural mass in 2005, struck a cautionary note on the
subject. ‘We are not,’ he said, ‘some casual and meaningless
product of evolution. Each of us is the result of a thought of
God. Each of us is willed, each of us is loved, each of us is
necessary.’ The Roman Catholic Church has not generally been
supportive of the anti-Darwinian ‘Intelligent Design’ movement,
however. The Pope’s warnings are not against evolution as science
but against adopting the idea of evolution as an overarching view
that deprives the world of meaning and purpose. It seems that the
Catholic Church remains ambivalent towards evolution. One of
the leading advocates of ‘Intelligent Design’, Michael Behe, and
one of its most accomplished scientiﬁc critics, Kenneth Miller, are
both Roman Catholics.
In recent decades, the most prominent religious opponents
of evolution have come from within two particular
traditions – Protestantism and Islam. The varieties of
creationism that have emerged in these traditions in the 20th
and 21st centuries are remote from the theological and scientiﬁc
discussions about Darwinism that took place in the late 19th
century. In order to understand the 20th-century rise of scientiﬁc
creationism, we need now to turn our attention to the history and
politics of the United States of America.

80

Chapter 5
Creationism and
Intelligent Design

E. coli is the poster-bug for ‘Intelligent Design’. It propels itself
with an ingenious rotating tail or ‘ﬂagellum’ – a sort of bacterial
outboard motor. With its many connected parts working together
towards the speciﬁed end of locomotion, this ﬂagellum fulﬁls the
criteria for design set out by William Paley in 1802. But surely the
triumph of the modern theory of evolution has made it impossible
to prefer Paley’s theological explanation of such adaptations to
Darwin’s naturalistic one? Apparently not for everyone.
Since the early 1990s, supporters of the movement promoting
‘Intelligent Design’ or ‘ID’ in the United States have been
mounting a challenge to the neo-Darwinian theory that all forms
of life have evolved through the processes of genetic variation,
heredity, and natural selection. Devotees of ID, including the
lawyer Philip Johnson, the mathematician, philosopher, and
theologian William Dembski, and the biochemist Michael Behe,
say that it represents a serious scientiﬁc challenge to evolution.
They think that certain aspects of the natural world, such as the
bacterial ﬂagellum, are too complex and too unlikely to have
been produced by processes of genetic mutation and natural
selection. And they use detailed calculations, based on debatable
mathematical assumptions about information and probability,
to quantify that unlikeliness and to justify their incredulity.
Michael Behe focuses especially on complex chains of chemical
81

Science and Religion

processes within cells such as the series of reactions involved in
the clotting of blood in mammals, known as the ‘blood clotting
cascade’. He is, if you like, Paley with a doctorate in biochemistry.
The most plausible explanation of the ‘irreducible complexity’
of the ﬂagellum, the blood clotting cascade, and many other
phenomena which rely on complicated interactions between
multiple components, Behe believes, is that they were produced by
an intelligent designer (whom he and most of his readers suppose
to be God).
The American Association for the Advancement of Science
has stated that ID is characterized by ‘signiﬁcant conceptual
ﬂaws in its formulation, a lack of credible scientiﬁc evidence,
and misrepresentations of scientiﬁc facts’ and that its central
concept is ‘in fact religious, not scientiﬁc’. In a landmark case
in Pennsylvania in 2005, Judge John E. Jones ruled against the
Dover Area School Board’s policy of requiring biology teachers
to read out a statement about ID. Judge Jones stated that ID
was religious, not scientiﬁc; and that the decision of the Board
to adopt this policy, breaching the First Amendment prohibition
on state sponsorship of religion, showed ‘breathtaking inanity’.
Religious leaders have come out against ID too. An open letter
afﬁrming the compatibility of Christian faith and the teaching of
evolution, ﬁrst produced in response to controversies in Wisconsin
in 2004, has now been signed by over ten thousand clergy from
different Christian denominations across America. In 2006, the
director of the Vatican Observatory, the Jesuit astronomer George
Coyne, condemned ID as a kind of ‘crude creationism’ which
reduced God to a mere engineer.
Given the impressive array of scientiﬁc, legal, and theological
opinion ranged against it, you might wonder how the ID
movement ever became as popular as it undoubtedly has within
certain sectors of American society. To answer that question it
is necessary to understand the history both of anti-evolution
campaigns in the United States since the 1920s and of state and
82

federal courts’ use of the First Amendment to keep religion out
of public schools from the 1960s onwards. What these histories
reveal is that the ID movement is the latest in a series of attempts
by a broadly conservative and Christian constituency in the
United States to have religiously motivated anti-evolutionary
ideas taught in the public schools. The debate about evolution
and ID is a conﬂict not primarily between science and religion but
between different views about who should control education.

The Scopes trial
On 21 March 1925, Austin Peay, the Governor of Tennessee, put
his signature to an Act making it unlawful for a teacher employed
by the State of Tennessee to ‘teach any theory that denies the story
of the Divine Creation of man as taught in the Bible, and to teach
instead that man has descended from a lower order of animals’.
Other states, including Mississippi and Arkansas, adopted similar
anti-evolution measures in the 1920s, but it was in the small town
of Dayton, Tennessee, that the issue came to a head.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) saw the passing
of the Tennessee law as an opportunity to take a stand in
defence of intellectual freedom. They placed an advertisement
seeking a volunteer to bring a test case. Some of the lawyers and
businessmen of Dayton, grasping the opportunity to put their
83

Creationism and Intelligent Design

Opponents of the various forms of scientiﬁc creationism and
ID have sometimes portrayed them as a ‘return to the Middle
Ages’. This reveals a common historical misunderstanding.
These movements are the products of 20th- and 21st-century
America. They simultaneously mimic and reject modern science
and have become quite widespread in modern America through
the convergent inﬂuence of a number of factors, including an
advanced state of scientiﬁc development, a high level of religious
observance, and a strictly enforced separation between church
and state.

Science and Religion

town on the map, persuaded a local science teacher, John Scopes,
to put himself forward. What followed generated more publicity
than the townsfolk of Dayton can possibly have envisaged. The
Dayton ‘Monkey Trial’ became international news and was the
ﬁrst to be broadcast on national radio. It also attracted two of
the most famous lawyers of the age, William Jennings Bryan
acting for the prosecution, and Clarence Darrow for the defence.
Bryan had stood three times for President, as the candidate of
the Democratic Party, and three times had been defeated. Known
as ‘The Great Commoner’ because of his belief in the absolute
sovereignty of the people, an opponent of imperialistic foreign
policy and supporter of votes for women, in later life Bryan
became increasingly taken up with moral and religious crusades,
including his support for Prohibition and his biblically based
opposition to the teaching of evolution in schools. Darrow was a
famous agnostic and a leading member of the ACLU.
The clash between Bryan and Darrow, and the associated carnival
of religious and evolutionary activism which descended upon
Dayton in July 1925, has been memorably, if not altogether
accurately, depicted in the 1960 ﬁlm Inherit the Wind. The story
has been brilliantly and more reliably retold by Edward J. Larson
in his Summer for the Gods: The Scopes Trial and America’s
Continuing Debate over Science and Religion, which won the
Pulitzer Prize for History in 1998. Although the courtroom
confrontation between Bryan and Darrow became legendary, as a
legal drama it was of limited interest. No-one denied that Scopes
had broken the law. Both sides accepted that Scopes had taught
evolution, and when the trial came to its conclusion, he was duly
convicted and ordered by the judge to pay a ﬁne of 100 dollars.
The main purpose of the case, as far as Darrow and the ACLU
were concerned, was to obtain a conviction at Dayton which could
then be appealed to higher state and federal courts, in order to
test the constitutionality of the anti-evolution law. For Bryan, the
purpose of convicting Scopes was to strike a political blow for

84

15. The stall of the Anti-Evolution League in Dayton, Tennessee, during the Scopes trial

Science and Religion

honest Christian folk who wanted to shield their children from the
anti-religious ideas of an arrogant intellectual elite.
Although some saw the Scopes trial as a simple confrontation
between science and religion, the political speeches made
by William Jennings Bryan at the time reveal that the more
powerful dynamic was a generally conceived conﬂict between
the fundamentals of Christianity and the evils of the modern
world. Bryan was a defender of the newly formed movement for
Christian ‘fundamentalism’. For the fundamentalists, the spread of
Darwinism was both a cause and a symptom of the degeneration
of human civilization which they witnessed all around them,
from the barbaric violence of the First World War in Europe to
the sensual decadence of the Jazz Age in America. Christianity
and a literal reading of the Bible were bulwarks against these
developments. Bryan and others feared that teaching children
they were animals would brutalize and degrade them. Bryan
noted that in a diagram in Hunter’s Civic Biology, the textbook
from which Scopes had taught evolution, humanity was ‘shut up
in the little circle entitled “Mammals”, with thirty-four hundred
and ninety-nine other species’:
Does it not seem a little unfair not to distinguish between man
and lower forms of life? What shall we say of the intelligence, not to
say religion, of those who are so particular to distinguish between
ﬁshes and reptiles and birds, but put a man with an immortal soul
in the same circle with the wolf, the hyena and the skunk? What
must be the impression made upon children by such a degradation
of man?

Bryan and the fundamentalists got what they wanted. In the
decades after Scopes was convicted, evolution rarely featured
on school science syllabuses, even in states where it was not
illegal. On appeal, the Tennessee Supreme Court overturned the
conviction not on the constitutional grounds sought by the ACLU
but on a technicality. It should have been the jury and not the
86

Creationism and Intelligent Design

16. A fundamentalist cartoon from the 1920s depicting the theory
of evolution as the tune played by a new ‘Pied Piper’ – ‘Science
falsely so-called’ – leading the children of America down the ‘path of
education’ towards the dark cavern of ‘disbelief in the God of the Bible’

judge who had set the amount of the ﬁne. It would be another
40 years before an anti-evolution law would ﬁnally be challenged
in front of the United States Supreme Court.

Varieties of creationism
‘Creationism’ is a term that can loosely be used to refer to any
religious opposition to evolution. Such opposition has taken and
continues to take many different forms. What all creationists
87

share is a belief that the universe and life on earth were created
immediately and supernaturally by God, and that human beings
and all other species were each created separately and in their
current form. In other words, creationists deny the common
ancestry of all plants and animals. Creationists base their
resistance to evolution at least partly on the authority of their
sacred text, whether the Hebrew Scriptures, the Christian Bible,
or the Quran. The Book of Genesis, for instance, relates that God,
over a period of six days, created each kind of living creature
separately, made man and woman in his own image, and set them
above the rest of creation, before resting on the seventh day. As
the King James translation put it:
And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:

Science and Religion

and let them have dominion over the ﬁsh of the sea, and over the
fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

The Quran teaches that Allah is the Creator of everything,
bringing the heavens, the earth, and everything in it immediately
into existence, and making human beings out of clay and each
species separately.
Many creationists have based their stance on a literal
interpretation of scripture. Those religious traditions that place
a strong emphasis on textual authority, notably some varieties of
Protestantism and Islam, are therefore more inclined towards
strict creationism. As we have already seen in the case of
arguments about Copernican astronomy, however, it is not easy
to specify which parts of the scriptures are to be taken absolutely
literally. As William Jennings Bryan pointed out during his crossexamination by Clarence Darrow at the Scopes trial, when the
Bible said ‘Ye are the salt of the earth’, the text did not mean that
‘man was actually salt or that he had ﬂesh of salt, but it is used
in the sense of salt as saving God’s people’. That text, Bryan said,
was to be ‘accepted as it is given’, namely ‘illustratively’ rather
88

than literally. Darrow pressed Bryan further. He wanted to know
whether Jonah really had been swallowed by a whale. Bryan
corrected him – it was actually a ‘big ﬁsh’. But, yes, he believed in
a God who could make a whale, or a big ﬁsh, and a man, and who
could ‘make both what He pleases’. Darrow moved on to Adam,
Eve, and their family. Did Bryan believe that Eve was ‘literally
made out of Adam’s rib’? Bryan said he did. Adam and Eve had
two sons, Cain and Abel. But, Darrow wondered, ‘Did you ever
discover where Cain got his wife?’ Bryan was unperturbed: ‘No,
sir; I leave the agnostics to hunt for her.’

This famous moment during the Scopes trial reveals two
important things about creationism generally. First, even among
Christian creationists there has been disagreement about how to
interpret Genesis. In the early 20th century, many adopted the
89

Creationism and Intelligent Design

Then Darrow came to questions with obvious scientiﬁc relevance.
When the Bible said that the sun had been stopped in the sky,
did that mean that in those days the sun went round the earth?
No, Bryan said, he believed that the earth went round the sun
and what the passage meant was that the earth was stopped in
its rotation. Then what about the age of the earth? Many bibles
had the date 4004 BC printed in the margin to indicate the date of
creation, as calculated from the text itself. Did Bryan believe the
earth was about six thousand years old? ‘Oh, no; I think it is much
older than that.’ ‘How much?’ He could not say. What about the
six days of creation in Genesis? Were they twenty-four-hour days?
Bryan was clear on that one: ‘I do not think they were twentyfour-hour days.’ Rather, they were ‘periods’. God could have taken
six days, six years, six million years, or six hundred million years
to create the earth. ‘I do not think it is important whether we
believe one or the other’, Bryan said. Soon afterwards, this famous
exchange descended into acrimony. Bryan claimed that Darrow
was trying to use the courtroom to attack the Bible. Darrow told
Bryan he was merely examining ‘your fool ideas that no intelligent
Christian on earth believes’.

Science and Religion

‘day-age’ interpretation favoured by Bryan according to which
each biblical ‘day’ was in fact a geological ‘age’ during which many
different species were created. Others maintained belief in a very
ancient earth by inferring a long ‘gap’ between the ﬁrst moment
of creation and the six-day creation. Within that gap there might
have been multiple cataclysms and new creations, responsible for
producing the fossil record. ‘Young Earth Creationism’ or ‘Creation
Science’ is a more extreme version of creationism, according to
which the biblical chronology is to be accepted and fossil evidence
is to be explained not by successive creations and cataclysms but
entirely as the result of Noah’s ﬂood, approximately ﬁve thousand
years ago. The Creation Science movement’s key texts, second
only to the Bible in importance, were works by the Seventh-Day
Adventist geologist George McCready Price. His Illogical Geology:
The Weakest Point in the Evolution Theory (1906) and New
Geology (1923) both explained geological evidence by a recent
universal deluge.
Price’s books were the inspiration for the Creation Science revival
of the 1960s and 1970s, led by a Texan Baptist teacher of civil
engineering, Henry M. Morris. The Creation Research Society
was founded by Morris in 1963, and the Institute for Creation
Research in 1970. Both were designed to promote a more extreme
and allegedly more scientiﬁc form of fundamentalist creationism
than had ever existed before. As with Bryan’s anti-evolution
campaign, the core motivation for the Creation Science movement
was a desire to protect Christian communities from the corrosive
and degenerate inﬂuences of the modern world. The range of
evils thought to grow out of a belief in evolution in the 1970s
were graphically illustrated in R. G. Elmendorf ’s ‘Evolution Tree’,
which bore fruit ranging widely from secularism, socialism, and
relativism to alcohol, ‘dirty books’, ‘homosex’, and even terrorism.
This brand of anti-evolutionary thought has spread from America
around the world. In recent years an Islamic author from Turkey
writing under the pen-name of Harun Yayha has produced many
widely read books denouncing Darwinism as a ‘deceit’ and a
90

17. A creationist image of the 1970s: the ‘Evolution Tree’ is nourished
by sin and unbelief, and its fruits include a range of secular ideologies,
immoral activities, and economic and social evils.

Science and Religion

‘lie’ and drawing on the techniques and arguments of American
proponents of Creation Science.
The second general feature of creationism illustrated by Bryan’s
testimony is its ambivalent relationship with science. The reason
Bryan accepted that the earth orbited the sun and that it was
much more than six thousand years old was because of the
scientiﬁc evidence to that effect. Why, then, was he committed
to the belief that Eve had literally been made from Adam’s rib,
and that the Genesis account of creation was to be preferred
to evolutionary science? At what point does the creationist
stop believing the scientiﬁc evidence and start taking the Bible
literally? And why? The answer in practice is, as we have already
seen, that it has been the question of human evolution that has
caused greatest unease, and it is at the suggestion of animal
ancestry for humans that most creationists have felt they must
draw the line.
Creationist ambivalence towards science is evident in other
ways too. Many creationists, while resisting certain scientiﬁc
results, speciﬁcally relating to evolution, still admire the success
of science and seek to emulate or even appropriate that success.
The recasting of fundamentalist anti-evolution as an alternative
kind of science by Morris and the Creation Scientists was partly
motivated by the desire to have creationism taught in the public
schools as an alternative to evolutionary science. However, Price,
whose geological works provided the scientiﬁc basis of their
movement, wrote at a time before that had become the real issue.
He genuinely wished to produce an understanding of nature that
was both biblical and scientiﬁc.
One of the most popular books about Islam and science in the
20th century was The Bible, The Quran and Science by the Muslim
physician Maurice Bucaille. Published in 1976, the book claimed
that the word of God as revealed in the Quran (but not the Bible)

92

contained many statements that could only be understood in the
light of modern science. Bucaille started a craze among Islamic
commentators for ﬁnding verses in the Quran that seemed to
foreshadow scientiﬁc discoveries as diverse as the expansion of
the universe and the mechanisms of sexual reproduction. Other
Islamic scholars, while rejecting both Bucaille’s anachronistic hunt
for modern science in the Quran and also Yayha’s second-hand
creationism, still seek a way to produce an ‘Islamic science’
which is truly scientiﬁc and yet which is divorced from purely
materialistic interpretations incompatible with the Quran.

The First Amendment

93

Creationism and Intelligent Design

Intelligent Design is not strictly speaking a form of creationism.
Proponents of ID do not mention the Bible, let alone try to
interpret it literally, and do not explain geological and fossil
evidence in terms of a biblical ﬂood. They accept the antiquity
of the earth and of humanity, and in the case of some really
liberal ID theorists, such as Michael Behe, do not even deny the
common ancestry of humans and all other forms of life. Behe
accepts more or less all of the standard evolutionary picture but
identiﬁes certain key phenomena, such as the biochemistry of
the ﬁrst cells, which he insists cannot be explained without the
intervention of an intelligent designer. Other proponents of ID
claim that the ‘Cambrian explosion’ of new complex forms of life
about ﬁve hundred and thirty million years ago is inexplicable
without intelligent intervention. The defenders of ID, to an even
greater extent than the ‘Creation Scientists’ of previous decades,
try to stay scrupulously within the bounds of scientiﬁc discourse
and mention a ‘designer’ and ‘intelligence’, but never God, and
certainly not the Bible. Some suspect that this reﬂects not the
scientiﬁc nature of their enterprise but simply a canny awareness
of the fact that they will need to look and sound as much like
scientists as possible if their views are ever going to make it into
the classrooms of America’s public schools.

Science and Religion

The Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the US
Constitution forbids the government from passing any law
‘respecting an establishment of religion’. The original intention
was not to exclude religion from public life altogether but
to ensure that no particular form of Christianity become an
established religion akin to the Church of England. There was also
from the outset a broader hope that this Amendment would help
to build, in the words of Thomas Jefferson, ‘a wall of separation
between Church and state’. The enactment of statutes forbidding
state employees from contradicting the ‘story of the Divine
Creation of man as taught in the Bible’ would seem on the face of
it to put something of a hole in that wall.
From the middle of the 20th century onwards, the US Supreme
Court became increasingly active in policing the observation
of the Establishment Clause in publicly funded schools. State
laws allowing time for silent prayer in schools, or for the reading
of denominationally neutral prayers, or requiring the Ten
Commandments to be posted on classroom walls were all
declared unconstitutional. In the 1960s, an anti-evolution
law from the Scopes era was ﬁnally challenged on similar
constitutional grounds. A young biology teacher from Arkansas,
Susan Epperson, supported by the ACLU, challenged a 1928 state
law making it unlawful to teach ‘the theory or doctrine
that mankind ascended or descended from a lower order of
animals’. The case went all the way to the US Supreme Court,
which ruled that the law was in violation of the First Amendment.
The Court declared, in November 1968, that ‘fundamentalist
sectarian conviction was and is the law’s reason for existence’. The
Epperson case marked the beginning of the legal process which
would give rise to the Intelligent Design movement about 20 years
later.
In the 1970s, the creationist camp adopted a new strategy,
campaigning for legislation mandating ‘balanced treatment’
or ‘equal time’ in the classroom for two alternative scientiﬁc
94

So, at the beginning of the 1990s, biblical anti-evolution laws
had been declared unconstitutional; laws requiring ‘balanced
treatment’ for evolution and ‘Creation Science’ had gone the same
way; but opinion polls continued to ﬁnd that between 45 and 50%
of the population of the USA believed that human beings were
created by God in their present form at some time in the last ten
thousand years. (This ﬁgure remains the same today, with most of
the rest of the population believing that humanity evolved through
an evolutionary process somehow guided by God.) Legislators
and members of school boards seeking to tap into the support of
these voters now needed to develop a new strategy for getting God
back into the classroom in scientiﬁc clothing. And that explains
the birth of the ‘Intelligent Design’ movement. School boards
and state legislatures across the US have considered measures
introducing ID into science education. Judge Jones’s ruling in
2005, which struck down the Dover School Board’s policy on First
Amendment grounds, because of the clear religious intention
behind it, strongly suggests that ID will have no more legal success
than previous kinds of religiously motivated anti-Darwinism. The
First Amendment will continue to do its job.
95

Creationism and Intelligent Design

theories – ‘evolution science’ and versions of Morris’s ‘Creation
Science’, which did not mention the Bible but asserted a separate
ancestry for man and apes, a ‘relatively recent inception of
the earth and living kinds’, and an explanation of geology by
‘catastrophism, including a worldwide ﬂood’. These measures
did not stay long on the statute books. The Arkansas balanced
treatment law was struck down at state level in 1982, on First
Amendment grounds. In 1987, a similar law passed by the State
of Louisiana came before the US Supreme Court. The Court
ruled that the statute’s purported secular aim of promoting
academic freedom was a sham and that its real purpose was to
‘advance the religious viewpoint that a supernatural being created
humankind’. Because the primary aim of the Louisiana Act was to
‘endorse a particular religious doctrine’, it was in violation of the
Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.

Science and Religion

In 1925, William Jennings Bryan saw that the central political
question to be decided was ‘Who shall control our public schools?’
Debates about ID continue to bring out the social conﬂicts
that arise in trying to answer that question. Bryan said that an
evolutionist school teacher should not be allowed ‘to accept
employment in a Christian community and teach that the Bible
is untrue’ and to ‘force his opinion upon students against the
wishes of the taxpayers and the parents’. Bryan predicted that
‘school board elections may become the most important elections
held, for parents are much more interested in their children and
in their children’s religion than they are in any political policies’.
In many parts of the USA Bryan’s prediction came true. In some
cases, the decisions of the courts to strike down creationist laws
did indeed go against the wishes of parents and taxpayers. But,
as Judge William Overton stated in ruling against the Arkansas
‘balanced treatment’ Act in 1982, ‘The application and content of
First Amendment principles are not determined by public opinion
polls or by a majority vote.’ No group, no matter how large or
small, was allowed to ‘use the organs of government, of which the
public schools are the most conspicuous and inﬂuential, to foist its
religious beliefs on others’.
Things have changed since Bryan’s day, however. In recent
years, it has been the democratic process itself rather than the
courts which has done most to keep ID off science syllabuses.
In Dover and elsewhere, members of school boards who have
changed science standards to de-emphasize evolution or to
include references to ID have generally been voted out at the next
election. Was Bryan right after all, that it is best to let parents and
taxpayers have the ﬁnal say through the ballot box?

Explaining complexity
But suppose that the courts and the people were not opposed to
the teaching of ID, or that the question of whether ID might be
taught in science classes were to arise in a country lacking the
96

strict separation between state and religion enforced in the United
States. What then? It would still be very unlikely that many
people would consider ID a sensible subject for a science lesson.
Good scientiﬁc, theological, and educational objections to such a
proposal would be plentiful.
Starting with the scientiﬁc case against ID, there are two related
points to make. First, evolutionary theory can in fact explain the
biological complexity which ID claims defeats it; second, ID is
excessively negative, looking for gaps in evolutionary science but
without providing a coherent alternative theory in its place.

97

Creationism and Intelligent Design

Arguments about ‘irreducible complexity’ are a new form of
a very old anti-Darwinian argument, namely that complex
structures could not have evolved by natural selection because
the intermediate forms containing only some of the parts would
not have been adaptive. What use is a part of an eye, half a wing,
or three-quarters of a ﬂagellum? In general terms, evolutionists
have been able to answer this objection by ﬁnding, either in fossils
or in living species, evidence of intermediate structures that did
exist and were in fact adaptive. In the case of the eye, Darwin
himself listed various forms of eyes, from a small patch of lightsensitive cells to the complex ‘camera’ eyes of humans and other
animals, showing how each was adaptive and could have evolved
into the next in the series. Scientists now estimate that this entire
evolutionary process could even have been achieved within a
mere half a million years. Advantages were also conferred by the
precursors to fully ﬂedged wings. Feathers, for instance, seem
ﬁrst to have evolved as a form of insulation before being co-opted
by natural selection to aid a quite different function – ﬂight. It
is harder to produce these scenarios in the case of biochemistry
because, obviously, chemical reactions, unlike feathers, do not
fossilize. However, using evidence from currently living species
it is possible to reconstruct evolutionary scenarios. This has been
done, for instance, in the case of the famous bacterial ﬂagellum,
which, it has been suggested, evolved through the co-option of a

Science and Religion

very similar existing structure (known as the type three secretory
system) used by bacteria for injecting toxic proteins into the
cells of their hosts. So the answer to the question ‘What use is a
part of an eye, half a wing, or three-quarters of a ﬂagellum?’, is
‘Light-detection, warmth, and toxin-injection, respectively’.
A second objection to ID concerns its negative character.
This is another respect in which ID differs from Scientiﬁc
Creationism. Creationists of earlier decades proposed an
alternative theory which boldly, biblically, and patently wrongly
asserted that the earth was only a few thousand years old, that
geology could be explained by a recent worldwide ﬂood, and
that humans did not share ancestors with other animals. The
defenders of ID, on the other hand, simply draw attention to
what they claim are phenomena (such as the Cambrian explosion
or the blood clotting cascade) that display too much ‘speciﬁed
complexity’ to have evolved by mutation and natural selection,
and at that point invoke their unelaborated concept of an
intelligent designer, barring the way to further investigation.
The ID theory makes no novel predictions beyond the failure of
evolutionary science to explain these phenomena. It is not clear
where ID theorists would draw the line between that which can
be explained by evolution and that which needs an intelligent
designer. And it seems likely that, in future, as good evolutionary
explanations are suggested for their favoured examples, as has
already happened in the case of the ﬂagellum, the number of
cases for which ‘design’ can be claimed will slowly but surely
dwindle.
One of the main theological objections to ID follows directly
from this last point. In claiming that supernatural intervention
is required to explain a certain subset of natural phenomena for
which a full evolutionary explanation may currently be lacking,
ID theorists seem to be positing a ‘God of the gaps’ of the kind
discussed in Chapter 3. As gaps in evolutionary science are ﬁlled
with naturalistic explanations, God will gradually be edged further
98

out. This tinkering God of ID, this God who seems to be an
occasionally observable object in the natural world, found in our
current ignorance rather than in our understanding, is no more
attractive to theologians than to scientists – hence the thousands
of clergy who have been moved to sign the open letter against ID
mentioned above.

But is it science?

Philosophers of science are much less optimistic than they were
a few decades ago about the possibility of ﬁnding any really
coherent demarcation criteria. It is accepted that many scientiﬁc
claims – including many of the most interesting ones – are
not directly empirically testable but only become so as part of
a complex network of auxiliary theoretical assumptions and
scientiﬁc instruments. For instance, a mathematical model of
the Big Bang cannot be tested by direct observation, but only
indirectly through predictions about the behaviour of measuring
apparatus when a particular reaction is set off in a massive
particle accelerator. Creation Scientists made very clearly testable
claims about the age of the earth and the separate ancestry of all
species. Although it is an unusually minimal and largely negative
kind of theory, ID certainly can generate empirically testable
claims too, such as the assertion that adaptive precursors will
never be found for various speciﬁed processes and structures
99

Creationism and Intelligent Design

Judge Overton in the 1982 Arkansas case and Judge Jones in the
2005 case in Pennsylvania both declared that Creation Science and
ID, respectively, not only contravened the First Amendment but
were, in any case, not proper science. This is a common claim –
that creationism and ID are not scientiﬁc because they fail to fulﬁl
one or more criteria which characterize all genuine science. There
are various candidates for such ‘demarcation criteria’. Some say
that true science must be empirically testable, others that it must
make ‘falsiﬁable’ claims, others that it must offer explanations only
in terms of natural laws and natural processes.

Science and Religion

such as the blood clotting cascade or the bacterial ﬂagellum.
Creationists and ID proponents have regularly made testable
claims. These claims have been tested and repeatedly found
wanting.
It is also accepted that good scientists will often hold on to
their theories in the face of inconsistent empirical evidence
and seek to reinterpret that evidence rather than declare their
theory ‘falsiﬁed’. There is not yet an evolutionary account which
successfully identiﬁes every single stage in the evolution of the
ﬂagellum (or in the evolutionary history of many other organs
or biochemical processes), but that does not mean that scientists
should declare neo-Darwinism to have been ‘falsiﬁed’. The
modern framework of evolutionary theory successfully explains
and uniﬁes a huge body of evidence accumulated and interpreted
over many generations. It makes sense of the fossil record, the
geographical distribution of species, the physical similarities
between related plants and animals, and the vestigial organs
that testify to earlier evolutionary forms. Recent advances in
genetic sequencing have provided a huge new mass of evidence
which conﬁrms evolutionary theory while identifying a whole
new range of puzzles and anomalies. In the face of puzzles and
anomalies a good scientist, especially when working with such a
well-conﬁrmed theory, does not declare their theory falsiﬁed, but
designs new experiments and develops new theoretical models
to solve those puzzles and resolve those anomalies. The central
claims of ID theorists all seem to have been falsiﬁed. But in
holding on to their theories and trying to provide an alternative
interpretation of the evidence, they are only doing what all good
scientists would do. A very signiﬁcant difference, however, is
that ID supporters lack any good reason for conﬁdence in their
original theory.
Testability and falsiﬁability are not satisfactory demarcation
criteria. What about the insistence that proper scientiﬁc theories
should be entirely naturalistic? This is a relatively new doctrine.
100

Neither Isaac Newton nor Charles Darwin, to take just two
examples, felt that God had to be excluded entirely from their
scientiﬁc accounts of the natural world. In scientiﬁc theories
between the 17th and 19th centuries, God featured generally as
a lawgiver rather than as a tinkerer, but God was not absolutely
barred from professional scientiﬁc discourse until the later
19th century. In appealing to a supernatural cause as part of
their science in the 21st century, ID theorists are certainly
unconventional, eccentric, and out of step with recent practice,
but that need not mean they are to be excluded from the realm of
science altogether. There is no need for defenders of mainstream
science to risk seeming ideological and doctrinaire by prejudging
the kinds of entities that will feature in successful scientiﬁc
theories in the future.

Back to the classroom
The most recent slogan of the ID movement, echoing the calls for
‘balanced treatment’ of earlier decades, is ‘Teach the Controversy’.
The publisher’s description of the ID textbook Of Pandas and
People states that it ‘promotes a widely recognized goal of science
education by fostering a questioning, skeptical and scrutinizing
mindset’. Other ID proponents claim they are seeking to improve
public discussions of science and promote a more inclusive and
‘controversy-based biology curriculum’. This is disingenuous. Of
course science thrives on constant criticism, questioning, and
controversy. Such controversies can be a very useful way to teach
101

Creationism and Intelligent Design

In short, opponents of ID who use the weapon of philosophical
demarcation may be shooting themselves quite unnecessarily in
the foot. In the United States, the pro-religious intent and effect
of any policy mandating the teaching of creationism or ID will
be enough to keep it off the statute book. There and elsewhere,
scientists and theologians, as well as voters and judges, also have
many good reasons to resist ID without straying into the fraught
philosophical realm of demarcation.

Science and Religion

science. To the extent that ID theorists have served as gadﬂies or
catalysts to evolutionary science, they have performed a valuable
scientiﬁc function. However, ID is not really a movement for
educational reform. The ‘controversy’ in question has not arisen
from any substantial scientiﬁc disagreement but is the product
of a concerted public relations exercise aimed at the Christian
parents of America.
Even if we are charitable and allow that ID might be a kind
of science, it is a dreadfully obscure and unsuccessful kind of
science. If, in the future, ID became the basis of a serious and
fruitful scientiﬁc research programme and thus converted a
substantial proportion of the scientiﬁc community to its views,
then it might be reasonable to discuss the inclusion of ID on
a science curriculum (if First Amendment objections could
somehow be overcome). At the moment, ID is supported by a
tiny handful of very marginal scientiﬁc ﬁgures, is rejected by
the rest of the scientiﬁc world, and appeals to a wider public
for patently religious reasons. There is an almost endless list of
interesting scientiﬁc and philosophical controversies that would
be candidates for inclusion on a ‘controversy-based biology
curriculum’. But many would be excluded because they were
too technically demanding, too far removed from mainstream
science, or too clearly manufactured by a special-interest group
for political and ideological reasons. The debate about ID would
fail on all three counts. In addition to the political, legal, scientiﬁc,
and theological reasons for excluding ID from science classes,
then, there are perfectly good educational ones too.
There is no genuine scientiﬁc controversy about the relative
merits of evolution and ID. But creationism and ID do draw
attention to genuinely controversial questions about the nature of
science and its place in society: Should voters, elected politicians,
judges, or scientiﬁc experts have the ﬁnal say about what is
taught in the science classes of publicly funded schools? Why
has modern America proved such fertile ground for the growth
102

of anti-evolutionary movements? Can God ever be discovered
through scientiﬁc methods? Can testability, falsiﬁability,
naturalism, or any combination of these, be invoked as viable
demarcation criteria? Wherever comparative religion and the
history and philosophy of science are taught, creationism and ID
can proﬁtably be studied. Indeed, if the effect of the continued
exclusion of ID from the science syllabus is that its advocates
start a campaign for the inclusion of these other subjects on the
curricula of publicly funded schools, then some educational good
may still come out of this peculiarly American controversy.

Creationism and Intelligent Design

103

Chapter 6
Mind and morality

We have seen that religious responses to evolution in all traditions
continue to centre on questions about human nature. How can
human beings be created in God’s image, believers ask, but also be
nothing more than improved apes with mushrooms for cousins?
If human beings have physically evolved from lower forms of
life, then at what point, if any, did the rational soul develop?
Since the 19th century, scientiﬁc studies of the brain and mind
have been providing further challenges to religious beliefs. If
the soul is nothing but a product of brain activity, as science
seems to suggest, does that not imply materialism, determinism,
blank atheism? What place does such a view leave for belief in
moral responsibility in this life or the prospect of rewards or
punishments in the next?
For many people, it is these questions about mind and morality
that drive the whole debate about science and religion. Believers
resist the idea that human consciousness, morality, and even
religion itself can be explained scientiﬁcally. If religious experience
and human morality can be explained as natural phenomena,
there seems to be no further need for supernatural accounts of
such things. And those who promote such explanations often
do so as part of an explicit campaign to show both that religious
beliefs are mistaken and that science can explain their real
origins.
104

This chapter asks what the implications really are of the scientiﬁc
study of mind and morality. It also asks what ethical signiﬁcance,
if any, can be attached to scientiﬁc claims that human behaviours
including altruism and homosexuality are natural. It ends by
suggesting that science and medicine seem to have stepped into
roles that were previously the preserve of religion, by deﬁning and
enforcing divisions between the normal and the deviant, and by
using visions of the future to alter our behaviour in the present.

The soul and immortality

Different words are used to refer to those sensations, thoughts,
and emotions that are so central to the religious life. Historically
the terms ‘mind’ and ‘soul’ have been the most generally adopted,
sometimes used synonymously and sometimes with one being a
subset of the other. ‘Self ’, ‘spirit’, and ‘consciousness’ can similarly
denote either a general or a more speciﬁc aspect of mental life. In
the specialist literature there is little consensus about the exact
meaning of these terms. However, it is certainly the case that the
realities to which they refer are of particular religious concern.
Religions teach individuals how to use spiritual exercises such as
meditation and prayer, as well as ritual and liturgy, to achieve a
state of greater enlightenment, spiritual awareness, and moral and
religious strength. They also teach that each individual has a soul,
the state and eternal destiny of which will be determined by their
actions in this life.
There is a great variety of teachings about immortality,
resurrection, rebirth, transmigration, or reincarnation that
105

Mind and morality

When scientists started to turn their attention to the human mind
they were approaching a domain that had for many centuries been
at the centre of religious life and thought. Not all religions include
reverence for sacred scriptures, nor even belief in a creator God,
but all religious traditions, East and West, teach that wisdom and
salvation are to be found in the life of the mind.

Science and Religion

feature in various traditions. There are many disagreements
and differences of emphasis even within and between the three
monotheistic traditions, but there are some common elements
that we can pick out. Judaism, Christianity, and Islam all teach
that there will be some kind of life after death, and that it will
take the form of either a bodily resurrection, the survival of a
disembodied soul, or both. They also all teach that the nature of
the afterlife will depend on one’s spiritual state. There will be a
moment of judgement in which God will divide humanity into two
categories, which are variously conceived of as the elect and the
damned, the faithful and the faithless, or the righteous and the
wicked. The chosen ones will spend an eternity of peace and joy
with God, the unfortunate remainder will be punished. According
to traditional interpretations of Christian and Muslim teachings,
those who are not among God’s chosen will be consigned eternally
to a hellish ﬁery pit. Ideas about hell have been less prominent in
Judaism. According to some Jewish teachers, punishments in hell
are only a temporary prelude to eternal bliss. In those traditions
in which God does make a ﬁnal and irreversible judgement
between the elect and the damned, the exact basis of the division
depends on whether it is God’s will, religious faith, or good works
that is supposed to be the decisive criterion. Even those who
emphasize the inscrutability of the divine will for each soul, or the
importance of faith over works, would generally hold that God’s
chosen ones will be righteous in this life, even if that righteousness
is not itself the reason for their salvation. The important point
is that religious belief in a future life has always been intimately
connected with the ethical and social question of how to live in
this one.

Brain and mind
That the brain is the organ of the mind has become increasingly
apparent through modern scientiﬁc research. This discovery has
led some to question traditional beliefs about the existence of an
immortal soul and the possibility of an afterlife.
106

Although the details of phrenology were all wrong, the basic idea
that different mental functions were correlated with particular
parts of the brain turned out to be a scientiﬁcally fruitful one.
Studying patients who had suffered brain damage, through
disease or injury, allowed scientists to start to make more accurate
statements about localization. In the 1860s, the French physician
Paul Broca discovered the area – still known as ‘Broca’s area’ – in
the frontal lobes of the brain that was responsible for speech
production. The extraordinary case of Phineas Gage provided
further insights. Gage was a railroad construction worker in the
state of Vermont in the USA. In an accident in September 1848,
Gage was injured by a metre-long iron tamping rod, which was
driven by a dynamite blast through his cheek and out of the
top of his head. Astonishingly, Gage survived with his faculties
apparently intact. But it soon became clear that the damage to his
frontal lobes had produced a powerful change in his personality.
He had lost the ability to empathize with others, and his social
behaviour became unpredictable and erratic. Gage’s story is just
one very memorable example among the thousands of cases
107

Mind and morality

Nineteenth-century attempts to specify the exact nature of the
connection between brain and mind included the science of
‘craniology’ or ‘phrenology’, according to which the extent of the
development of different sections of the brain could be discerned
from the shape of someone’s skull. The different parts of the brain
under the ‘bumps’ on the skull were correlated with different
mental traits, such as love of children, secretiveness, self-esteem,
and so on. Phrenologists could thus tell people what the shape
of their head revealed about their mental capacities. It became a
popular craze for a while in Victorian Britain and functioned as
a sort of neurological version of reading one’s horoscope. People
were fascinated to be told about what their bumps revealed about
their character traits and their future destinies, by those with a
special understanding of the secret workings of nature. Queen
Victoria even arranged for her children to be given phrenological
readings.

18. Illustration showing the tamping iron that went through Phineas Gage’s head in 1848, and the route that it
took through his skull

through which an ever more detailed understanding of the
functions of different brain areas has emerged.

Some of these studies have suggested that there are particular
parts of the brain that are especially involved in religious
experiences. One candidate has been the temporal lobes, partly on
the basis of the apparent susceptibility to religious experiences of
sufferers of temporal lobe epilepsy. The American neuroscientist
Michael Persinger has taken this idea a step further by creating a
device to stimulate that part of the brain in an attempt to induce
religious experiences in experimental subjects. His ‘Transcranial
Magnetic Stimulator’, or ‘God helmet’ as others have called it,
was applied with disputed results. But many who participated
in the experiment reported feelings of a numinous presence or
transcendent oneness. Other studies have identiﬁed different
brain areas as being especially involved in meditative states. And
some recent work suggests there is no single ‘God spot’. A study
of Carmelite nuns carried out in 2006 by Mario Beauregard and
Vincent Paquette, for example, found that several different brain
areas were simultaneously involved in their spiritual experiences.

109

Mind and morality

The invention in more recent times of brain scanning technologies
has allowed this project to be pursued with greater precision,
revealing the dynamic interactions of different parts of the brain,
and offering insights into the working of intact brains as well as
damaged ones. Neuroscientists can even use magnetic ﬁelds to
stimulate parts of the brain experimentally and study the mental
effects on their intrepid subjects. These techniques have all been
applied speciﬁcally to religious experiences as well as to many
other mental capacities. Buddhist monks and Roman Catholic
nuns these days seem to be in constant danger of being asked
by neuroscientists to insert themselves into an fMRI (functional
Magnetic Resonance Imaging) scanner or to don a special
rubber cap wired up with electrodes, all in the service of the
neuroscientiﬁc study of spiritual experiences.

Dualism and physicalism

Science and Religion

What are the implications of this scientiﬁc research for religion?
One newspaper report of Beauregard and Paquette’s study ran
under the headline: ‘Nuns Prove God Is Not Figment of the
Mind’. The somewhat tortuous idea behind the headline seemed
to be that if the whole brain is involved in religious experiences
then that contradicts the theory that there is one special ‘God
spot’, perhaps in the temporal lobes, and with it the associated
belief that religious experiences are ‘nothing but’ the activation
of that one brain area. Why it would be any less religiously
or theologically troubling to ﬁnd that spiritual feelings were
produced by the activation of many parts of the brain, rather than
just one, is not clear. This is a good example of the theological and
philosophical ambiguity of empirical neuroscientiﬁc studies.
The success of neuroscience in showing that there are correlations
between certain states of the brain and certain associated mental
experiences, including religious ones, has been interpreted by
some as a direct refutation of traditional beliefs about mystical
experiences and the immortality of the soul. According to this
sceptical stance, an experience can be caused by the brain or by an
immaterial being (God or the soul) but not both: a neurological
explanation of an experience rules out a supernatural or religious
one. Science has explained away the supernatural.
That might seem a reasonable and simple enough assumption.
However, there are plenty of philosophers, scientists, and
theologians who would deny it. To offer neurological or, for that
matter, evolutionary explanations of where our religious and
moral beliefs come from is an interesting scientiﬁc enterprise.
It ﬂourishes today as one part of the ambitious programme of
research known as ‘Cognitive Science’. But since absolutely all our
beliefs – religious, scientiﬁc, or otherwise – are, on this hypothesis,
the products of the same evolved neurological apparatus, drawing
attention to that fact does not get us any further forward in the
110

philosophical endeavour of distinguishing between the true ones
and the false ones.

Even if all mental experience is, in some sense, physical, it is
still not straightforward to articulate what that sense is. Why is
it that particular bits of matter (exclusively, as far as we know,
complex networks of nerve cells within the brains of living
animals) exhibit the properties of consciousness and others (such
as rocks, vegetables, or even computers) do not? Philosophers
and theologians interested in this question have, in recent years,
discussed concepts such as ‘emergence’, ‘supervenience’, and ‘nonreductive physicalism’, all of which try to articulate how mental
realities can be both dependent on and yet autonomous from
the physical. To say that the mind is ‘emergent’ or ‘supervenient’
is to suggest it is autonomous, not in the sense of being able to
exist independently of the brain, but in the sense that it exhibits
properties and regularities that are not susceptible to systematic
reduction to the neurological level.
111

Mind and morality

Another response to the perceived challenge of neuroscience to
religious belief has been to adopt a form of ‘dualism’ – in other
words, to assert that there exist two distinct kinds of substance,
or properties, the mental and the physical, which interact with
each other, especially in human beings. The dualist would
interpret the close correlations discovered by neuroscientists
as evidence not that the mind is nothing but brain activity, but
rather that the mind interacts with the brain, or uses the brain
as its instrument. René Descartes’s 17th-century version of this
philosophy is the one that has received most scholarly attention,
but there are plenty of modern successors to his view, both among
philosophers and more widely. Key problems in making sense of
dualism include the question of how the physical and the nonphysical can causally interact with each other, and explaining why
dualism is to be preferred to the apparently simpler alternative of
physicalism, according to which mental properties are properties
of the brain.

Science and Religion

Bodily resurrection and subjective immortality
For most believers, I imagine, it would be a step too far beyond
the teachings of their tradition to accept an entirely physicalist
reinterpretation of ‘mind’ and ‘soul’. There are, however, resources
in those traditions that might support such an approach. The
Hebrew Bible offers a much more embodied idea of human
personhood than that developed later under the inﬂuence of
Greek philosophies, which tended to emphasize the duality of
body and mind. In the Book of Genesis, in punishing Adam and
Eve for their disobedience in the Garden of Eden, God says to
Adam, ‘By the sweat of your brow you will eat your food until you
return to the ground, since from it you were taken; for dust you
are and to dust you will return.’ This same language is echoed
by the preacher in the Book of Ecclesiastes: ‘For the fate of the
sons of men and the fate of the beasts is the same; as one dies,
so dies the other. They all have the same breath, and man has no
advantage over the beasts; for all is vanity. All go to one place; all
are from the dust, and all turn to dust again.’ St Paul’s writings
in the New Testament also emphasize bodily resurrection more
than the immortality of the soul, and the Apostles’, Nicene, and
Athanasian Creeds afﬁrm belief, respectively, in ‘the resurrection
of the body and the life everlasting’, ‘the resurrection of the dead
and the life everlasting’, and the view that at Christ’s second
coming ‘all men shall rise again with their bodies and shall give
account of their own works’.
To return to a more traditional belief in bodily resurrection
rather than spiritual immortality is, in one way, an elegant
religious solution to the problem of how to respond to advances
in neuroscience. However, the effect really is to go from a dualistic
frying pan into an apocalyptic ﬁre. If modern science suggests
that belief in an immortal soul is problematic, it might equally,
to say the least, question the evidential basis for the notion that
at some point in the future God will bring history to an end in a

112

ﬁnal eschatological act in which the universe will be destroyed and
recreated and the dead will be brought back in bodily form to be
judged by their maker. For those who prefer this one huge miracle
to the problems raised by trying to ﬁnd a place for an immaterial
soul in the history of human evolution and in the activities of
the brain, belief in physicalism and a bodily resurrection might
continue to seem the most acceptable option nonetheless.

the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably
diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent
on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me
as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived
faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.

But not everyone likes the idea. When asked if he hoped to achieve
immortality through the impact of his ﬁlms, Woody Allen replied:
‘I don’t want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to
achieve it through not dying.’

Selﬁshness and altruism
As we have already seen, beliefs about the soul and the afterlife
have always been closely connected with concerns about
morality and social life in the here and now. That connection
has sometimes been made very crudely and explicitly. A popular

113

Mind and morality

And for those who cannot believe in either a spiritual rebirth or a
physical resurrection, there is perhaps some comfort in the idea
of subjective immortality – the humanist notion that the selﬁsh
desire for heavenly rewards in a future life should be replaced by
a more humble hope that one might live on after death through
one’s friends, one’s children, or one’s work. This ancient idea was
popular among secularists in the 19th century, and was expressed
in the closing lines of George Eliot’s novel Middlemarch (1871–2).
The narrator, speaking of the book’s heroine Dorothea, says:

book of Divine and Moral Songs for Children composed in the
18th century by the Congregationalist clergyman Isaac Watts
contained the following poem about the link between holy living
and heavenly rewards, which would have been recited by many
generations of British children:
There is beyond the sky
A heaven of joy and love;
And holy children, when they die,
Go to that world above.
There is a dreadful hell,
And everlasting pains:
There sinners must with devils dwell

Science and Religion

In darkness, ﬁre, and chains.
Can such a wretch as I
Escape this cursed end?
And may I hope, whene’er I die,
I shall to heaven ascend?
Then will I read and pray,
While I have life and breath,
Lest I should be cut off today,
And sent t’ eternal death.

When freethinking and anti-Christian works such as Thomas
Paine’s Age of Reason (1794) started to become more widely
available, one of the leading concerns of the faithful was that if
people ceased to believe in heaven and hell, then they would feel
free to indulge their most sensual passions and selﬁsh appetites.
Without religion, it was feared, human society would descend
into animalistic anarchy. As one judge said when sentencing a
London bookseller to imprisonment for selling Paine’s works, if
these books were widely read and believed then the law would be
deprived of ‘one of its principal sanctions – the dread of future
punishments’.
114

The alleged connection between unbelief and selﬁshness has
been strengthened by a particular interpretation of evolution
as a process driven by self-assertion and competition. Standard
modern explanations of evolution have emphasized the fact that
a trait or behaviour cannot evolve unless it is for the good of the
individual organism. This would seem to rule out the possibility
of altruism (except as a sort of enlightened self-interest). If
evolution cannot produce genuine altruism, then perhaps the only
explanation for the self-sacriﬁce displayed by saintly individuals
is that they are inspired or empowered by God. Even the former
director of the Human Genome Project, Francis Collins, in his
book The Language of God (2006), suggests that the existence
of the ‘moral law’ of love and altruism within every human heart
cannot be explained by science alone.
This might be another occasion, however, where it would be wise
for religious apologists to heed Henry Drummond’s warning about
not placing God in supposed gaps in existing knowledge. For
many, this particular alleged gap was ﬁlled some time ago. Darwin
115

Mind and morality

Many today still echo the sentiments of this 18th-century judge
and argue that religious beliefs are necessary to provide moral
guidance and standards of virtuous conduct in an otherwise
corrupt, materialistic, and degenerate world. Religions certainly
do provide a framework within which people can learn the
difference between right and wrong. An individual might consult
the scriptures to discover that God has told his people to be
truthful, faithful, and respectful towards their parents; and not
to steal, nor commit adultery, nor worship false gods. Believers
can also hope to receive moral guidance from the voice of God
within, in the form of their conscience. If they follow the divine
path faithfully, they will be deemed to be among the righteous
rather than the wicked at the day of judgement. The unbeliever,
in contrast, is supposed to be a sensuous, self-indulgent, selﬁsh
creature whose motto is ‘Let us eat and drink; for tomorrow
we die.’

Science and Religion

himself suggested that cooperative behaviour could arise through
natural selection operating at the level of tribes or groups. A
community made up of cooperative and self-sacriﬁcing individuals
would be expected to ﬂourish at the expense of one made up
of uncooperative and selﬁsh ones. In his 1976 book The Selﬁsh
Gene, Richard Dawkins popularized an alternative evolutionary
explanation of altruism – the theory of ‘kin selection’, which
asserts that altruism could arise only when individuals were acting
in the interests of family members. Since, according to this version
of neo-Darwinism, natural selection operates at the level of the
gene, we could only come to behave in an altruistic way when it
was in the interest of our ‘selﬁsh genes’. And that was only the case
when we were helping to spread more copies of those genes by
aiding close relatives (who share many of the same genes). A gene
that inclined us to help non-relatives, on the other hand, would
have no such evolutionary advantage since it would succeed only
in spreading copies of unrelated, competing genes.
Of course, Dawkins did not intend to attribute any kind of actual
intention – selﬁsh or otherwise – to the genes themselves. His
imaginative and metaphorical application of the term ‘selﬁsh’ to
strings of DNA molecules was, rather, designed to communicate
a complex scientiﬁc theory to a wide readership. In that aim,
Dawkins succeeded brilliantly. One unfortunate side-effect was
the degree of confusion he thus introduced into debates about
altruism. In a rhetorical ﬂourish in The Selﬁsh Gene, Dawkins
wrote, ‘Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we
are born selﬁsh.’ However, the whole point of the theory of kin
selection is that individuals can behave entirely altruistically
(in the normal non-molecular sense of the word), but the reason
they do so is because it helps to spread their genes. The real point
of the book is that ‘selﬁsh’ genes can make altruistic people. But
Dawkins’s reference to the need for us to ‘rebel against the tyranny
of the selﬁsh replicators’ and to teach our children altruism rather
obscured this point. In his recent book, The God Delusion (2006),
Dawkins has adopted a more coherent position, arguing that
116

the tendency of humans to behave in a universally cooperative
and altruistic way is indeed quite natural, and should be seen as
a ‘blessed misﬁring’ of a mechanism which evolved initially to
beneﬁt only close relatives.

So, the secular humanist can argue, we do not need to be religious,
nor to believe in an afterlife, in order to be good; we simply need
to follow nature. Believers may warn us that accepting a scientiﬁc
view of human nature will mean that we behave like animals. But
since behaving like animals, in certain cases, means sacriﬁcing
yourself for the good of others or collaborating in pursuit of a
shared communal goal, then perhaps we should all behave like
animals more often.

Dealing with deviance
The moral and legal codes of the monotheistic traditions reveal
preoccupations with all sorts of different social problems,
including how to get on with neighbouring tribes, how to deal
117

Mind and morality

The ﬂurry of discussion precipitated by The Selﬁsh Gene
partially obscured the fact that there has been a long, alternative
Darwinian tradition of writers appealing to nature as teacher
of sympathy, altruism, and mutual aid, rather than of struggle
and self-assertion. Although Darwin’s own work is more often
remembered for the vivid picture it painted of struggle and
conﬂict in nature, The Descent of Man (1871) also emphasized
the more collaborative aspects of animal life, documenting
self-sacriﬁcing and cooperative behaviour among insects, birds,
and apes, culminating in that pinnacle of evolved morality – the
human conscience. Since Darwin’s day, many more examples have
been added, including detailed studies of the complex systems of
altruism and cooperation that operate among social insects, as
well as the posting of altruistic sentinels by some species of bird
and mammal, who risk their own lives to warn the rest of the
group of imminent danger.

Science and Religion

with religious dissent, how to enforce regulations relating to
many details of everyday life including diet, dress, and domestic
arrangements, and how to punish those who break the rules. A
theme that recurs frequently among these other subjects is sex.
Sexual desire has produced as much conﬂict and anxiety as it
has pleasure for as long as human civilizations have existed. And
religions have tried to provide rules and regulations to cope with
this very powerful human drive. Generally speaking, sex between
men and women, within marriage, to produce children, has been
approved of (although St Paul thought it was better to remain
celibate), while virtually any other kind of sex, most notably sex
with oneself, or with someone of the same sex, or with someone in
one’s own family, has normally been condemned (and sometimes
considered punishable by death).
In modern societies where science and medicine have gradually
taken over from traditional religious beliefs as the most acceptable
sources of publicly agreed divisions between the normal and the
deviant, two parallel trends can be discerned: a de-moralization
of previously moral issues, but also a concomitant medical and
scientiﬁc reinforcement and naturalization of existing social
divisions and inequalities. Modern science has proved just as
ideologically malleable as the Bible when it comes to arguing
either for or against such divisions. Two examples relating to
sexual ethics will offer a brief illustration of these trends.
The late 19th century saw the emergence of new ideas about
homosexuality (and the very coining of the term ‘homosexual’).
One prevailing view until that time had been that sex between
two men was an unnatural and sinful act which revealed a moral
failing or a perversion of character – and one which could be
identiﬁed with the suitably biblical name of ‘sodomy’, named after
the sinful people of the towns of Sodom and Gomorrah described
in the Book of Genesis. Sex between two men was not only a sin
but also a crime (one that was punishable by death in Britain
until 1861). The sensational conviction of Oscar Wilde for acts
118

of gross indecency in 1895, and his sentencing to two years in
prison with hard labour, drew a great deal of public attention to
the question, and gradually what we might consider a more liberal
and scientiﬁc approach to the question started to gain a hearing.
A key ﬁgure in this movement was the sexologist Havelock Ellis,
who used psychological studies of homosexual men to argue that
homosexuality was natural. We should not, he argued, imprison
people for acting on a natural instinct. Many decades later,
in 1967, this view ﬁnally came to prevail and sex between two
consenting adult men was decriminalized in Britain.

119

Mind and morality

A very similar pattern can be discerned in the case of
masturbation. Again, this was a practice known by a biblically
inspired name – onanism. The name in this case was an allusion
to the sin of Onan, who, according to the Book of Genesis,
‘spilled his semen on the ground’ rather than impregnating his
brother’s wife, as he had been told to do by his father. Genesis
records that what Onan did was ‘wicked in the Lord’s sight; so he
put him to death’. In the 18th and 19th centuries, this religious
condemnation transmuted into a medical diagnosis. A widely
distributed treatise entitled Onania denounced the ‘heinous sin
of self-pollution’ (also known as ‘self-abuse’) and ‘all its frightful
consequences (in both sexes)’. This work combined sexual
titillation with moralism and medical advice. More respectable
versions of this kind of writing were produced throughout the
19th century, when it became an article of medical orthodoxy that
masturbation was both a symptom and a cause of insanity and of
physical debility. Unpleasant medical remedies and ingeniously
punitive mechanical devices were devised to counteract this
physical and moral evil. As with homosexuality, medical ideas
and practices seemed to have taken over from religious and moral
ones as ways of dealing with sexual deviance. The same pattern
was also repeated in the context of debates about the differences
between men and women, and the relationship between white
colonizers and the indigenous peoples they displaced. Scientiﬁc
theories about sex and race were on hand to provide new

19. A mid-18th-century edition of the anonymous pamphlet Onania,
ﬁrst distributed in London in 1716

rationalizations of inequalities previously justiﬁed in religious and
political terms.

The naturalistic fallacy

Some philosophers, driven by the desire to develop a more
scientiﬁc approach to morality, have constructed whole systems
of ‘evolutionary ethics’. For such thinkers, the fact that humanity’s
conscience and moral feelings are the product of evolution
requires that ethics should be pursued from an evolutionary
rather than a religious or even a philosophical point of view. The
problem that all such schemes encounter is that there is more to
ethics than following nature. Even if it can be shown that we are
endowed with a particular ‘natural’ instinct by our evolutionary
history, that observation does not get us any closer to answering
the ethical question of whether it is right to follow that instinct.
Presumably the instincts that incline people towards violence,
theft, and adultery have evolutionary origins too. Whichever
interpretation of evolutionary biology we care to endorse, it is
perfectly clear (as it has been to moral philosophers through the
ages) that human beings are born with the propensity both to
seek their own good and also the good of (at least some) others.
121

Mind and morality

Science and religion have both been used in pursuit of all sorts
of different political goals. Neither is inherently liberal or
conservative, racist or egalitarian, repressive or permissive. Each
provides a way of understanding the world which might be made
consilient with almost any ideological vision. But while we are
used to the idea that religious believers will look at ethical and
political questions through the lenses of their particular faith
commitments, we have not yet learned to be quite so attentive in
the case of those who claim to speak for science. On the face of
it, a scientiﬁc approach to ethics promises to be a balanced and
objective one – and one which takes its lead from nature rather
than from human prejudices. Does nature not speak with a clear
and impartial voice?

Science and Religion

The question of whether the altruistic instinct, for instance, is a
natural one is completely separate from the question of whether
it is one that we should follow, and to what extent. That question
will be answered only by thinking about the rules and goals
according to which we, individually and communally, wish to live
our lives.
The mistake of supposing that something is ethically desirable just
because it can be shown to be natural, or evolved, is sometimes
referred to as the ‘naturalistic fallacy’. This strange phrase is taken
from the English philosopher G. E. Moore’s 1903 book Principia
Ethica. Here Moore stated that any system of ethics which tried,
misguidedly he thought, to deﬁne the ethical predicate ‘good’ in
terms of a naturalistic predicate such as ‘pleasurable’ or ‘useful’
or ‘for the good of the species’ was guilty of committing the
‘naturalistic fallacy’.
Some religious thinkers have invoked the ‘naturalistic fallacy’ as
a reason to resist all secular and scientiﬁc approaches to ethics.
However, it should be pointed out that Moore’s ban on translating
the word ‘good’ into any non-ethical term was applied by him
to metaphysical and philosophical systems of ethics too. In fact,
Moore’s view really amounted to complete moral mysticism. A
system of ethics which identiﬁes ‘good’ with ‘in accordance with
God’s will’ or ‘for the greatest good of the greatest number’, or
anything else at all (apart from Moore’s own favoured sense of
goodness as an intuited quality of beauty) is equally guilty of
committing the ‘naturalistic fallacy’. From this point of view,
religious and scientiﬁc approaches to ethics are each in an equally
bad position.

Beyond nature
The cases of altruism and sexuality considered in this chapter both
give us some sense of why we should be suspicious of any ethical

122

Think again about the case of homosexuality. We might take
the change of the law in Britain in the 1960s as evidence of how
a scientiﬁc approach to a question could replace old-fashioned
religious bigotry with a more enlightened and rational policy.
However, that would be to overlook several other aspects of what
we might call the modern medicalization of morals. To take
homosexuality out of the moral and criminal realms and place it in
the realm of medicine was in several ways a repressive as much as
a liberating transition. Homosexual sex was now to be considered
an activity that was the preserve of a particular aberrant type of
person rather than simply as something that might be indulged
in by anyone. In this sense, the medical view strengthened the
division between normality and deviance. Secondly, the medical
model was a more strictly deterministic one. Sexuality was to
be considered something unalterably given by one’s biological
nature rather than as an expression of individuality. Finally,

123

Mind and morality

or political argument that is based on what is natural. We can be
drawn into these kinds of arguments from all sorts of laudable
motives. For instance, campaigners against anti-homosexual
laws will often cite evidence of homosexual behaviour among
various species of birds and mammals in support of the view
that homosexuality is natural. Modern medical orthodoxy
now holds that masturbation should be not only allowed, but
positively encouraged, because it is natural. Religious critics of
interpretations of evolutionary biology that suggest we must
resign ourselves to a society ruled by selﬁshness have been led to
insist that, on the contrary, human altruism is not only desirable
but natural. But ‘natural’ in these contexts really means ﬁxed,
given, determined. It denotes not the act of a free individual, but
the playing out of an unalterable physical law. Political questions
about what sexual behaviour should be allowed, or how the
interests of different groups within society are to be balanced
and regulated, are decided by human laws, not by laws of
nature.

Science and Religion

this new conceptualization of homosexuality categorized it as a
medical disorder. It was a natural condition towards which people
should show sympathy rather than condemnation, but a disorder
nonetheless. This idea was still prevalent in Britain in the 1960s
when the law was changed. The continuity between religious
and medical attempts to deﬁne and enforce distinctions between
normality and deviance is also indicated by the fact that the few
organizations today that still support the idea that homosexuality
is a disease from which people need to be cured are religious
groups.
In the case of altruism, religious responses to evolutionary ideas
about competition and ‘selﬁsh genes’ have given an exaggerated
sense of the value of self-sacriﬁce. Recent debates about science
and ethics have often proceeded as if moral goodness and
altruism were synonymous. Some claim that altruism is natural
and so we should follow nature. Others insist that we have
evolved to be essentially selﬁsh and so we need to struggle against
nature. But both views are based on a very limited understanding
of what it is to live a good life. Individualism and self-development
have traditionally been valued by both secular and religious
moralists. As several commentators have pointed out, when Jesus
told the rich young man to sell all his possessions and give the
proceeds to the poor so that he might have ‘treasure in heaven’,
that advice was given for the good of the young man, not for
the good of the poor. There are political connotations too. The
ideology of altruism is one that is open to manipulation by ruling
elites. The idea of living for others sounds like a noble one. But it
can be used both by totalitarian governments seeking to persuade
their subjects that the interests of the whole must come before
their own individual rights, and also by those politicians whose
objectives can only be achieved through thousands of military
personnel being prepared to give up their lives in pursuit of
them. I suppose that suicide bombers too might see their acts as
heroically altruistic. Again, the value of altruism is something to

124

be decided by political and moral discussion, not by an appeal
to nature.

In the modern world, it seems as though science, technology, and
medicine are increasingly dominating the attempts to make such
moral meanings. Instead of being warned by the great religious
prophets of the past that we must mend our wicked ways or face
the wrath of God and cosmic cataclysms, we are now warned that
our sexual immorality, gluttony, and greed will lead to venereal
disease, obesity, and the ﬂooding, burning, and destruction of
our planet as a result of catastrophic levels of global warming.
The details have changed, but the essential structure is the same.
Science and medicine provide us with frightening new visions of
the future which policy-makers and political leaders use to try to
persuade us, as did the prophets of old, to repent and change our
ways before it is too late.
Looking to that future, there is every reason to believe that
science and religion will both continue to ﬂourish, to enlighten,
to inspire; as well as to frustrate, to obfuscate, and to oppress.

125

Mind and morality

As I have already pointed out, religious ethics is in just as bad
(and therefore just as good) a position as scientiﬁc ethics when
it comes to justifying its attempts to derive moral guidance from
facts about nature, society, humanity, or authoritative texts.
Religion and science both provide resources with which people
can try to make sense of the situation they ﬁnd themselves in.
From within a particular world view or ideology, certain maxims
will seem fundamental and unalterable: for a Muslim, the truth
of the Quran; for a Christian, the fact of the resurrection; for
an atheist, the purely human nature of all moral codes. Neither
science nor religion can determine, for some mythical neutral
observer, which foundational maxims we should adopt. But they
can provide concepts, beliefs, practices, rituals, and stories that
can be used to piece together moral meanings.

Science and Religion

Some people may wish that one half of this essentially modern
pairing could be disposed of, or could be persuaded to relinquish
its troublesome claims to authority in some or other sphere of
knowledge, morality, or politics. But such people should be careful
what they wish for. Would they really prefer to live in a society
where everyone agreed about the questions that this book has
been about? What sort of place would that be?

126

References and
further reading

Abbreviations for websites cited more than once:
CCEL

Christian Classics Ethereal Library: http://www.ccel.org/

CWCD

The Complete Works of Charles Darwin Online:
http://darwin-online.org.uk/

DCP

The Darwin Correspondence Project:
http://www.darwinproject.ac.uk/

FT

Douglas O. Linder’s Famous Trials site at the University of
Missouri-Kansas City School of Law:
http://www.umkc.edu/famoustrials/

HF

The Huxley File at Clark University:
http://aleph0.clarku.edu/huxley/

NP

The Newton Project at Sussex University:
http://www.newtonproject.sussex.ac.uk/

PG

Project Gutenberg: http://www.gutenberg.org/

RJLR

Rutgers Journal of Law and Religion:
http://org.law.rutgers.edu/publications/law-religion/

TP

Thomas Paine National Historical Association:
http://www.thomaspaine.org/

127

References
This section gives references for material directly quoted in the text
above. The further reading section below gives suggested background
reading and additional sources.
Where reputable online editions of works are available, these have
been cited in addition to the original published source. Different
English translations of biblical passages can be compared online at
The Bible Gateway: http://www.biblegateway.com/

Science and Religion

Chapter 1
Galileo’s condemnation: Mario Biagioli, Galileo, Courtier: The Practice
of Science in the Culture of Absolutism (Chicago, 1994), quotation at
pp. 330–1. Documents relating to Galileo’s trial and condemnation
can be found online at FT. ♦ Psalm 102:25. ♦ Thomas Huxley’s review
of On the Origin of Species was originally published in 1860 in the
Westminster Review and was reprinted in Volume 2 of his Collected
Essays (9 volumes, London, 1893–4), pp. 22–79, quotation at p. 52;
available online at HF. ♦ John Hedley Brooke, Science and Religion:
Some Historical Perspectives (Cambridge, 1991), quotation at p. 5.
♦ Quotation from Galileo Galilei, Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief
World Systems (1632), in William Shea, ‘Galileo’s Copernicanism: The
Science and the Rhetoric’, in The Cambridge Companion to Galileo,
ed. Peter Machamer (Cambridge, 1998), pp. 211–43, quotation at
p. 238. ♦ Psalm 19:1. ♦ Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason, Part
I (1794), in Thomas Paine: Political Writings, ed. Bruce Kuklick
(Cambridge, 1989), quotations from Chapters 7, 11, and 16; available
online at TP. ♦ Altruism research: Stephen Post and Jill Neimark,
Why Good Things Happen to Good People: The Exciting New Research
that Proves the Link between Doing Good and Living a Longer,
Healthier, Happier Life (New York, 2007). ♦ The medieval Islamic
motto is quoted in Emilie Savage-Smith, ‘The Universality and
Neutrality of Science’, in Universality in Islamic Thought, ed. Leonard
Binder (forthcoming).
128

Chapter 2
Documents relating to Galileo’s trial and condemnation can be
found at FT. ♦Francis Bacon, The New Organon, or True Directions
Concerning the Interpretation of Nature (1620), Aphorism III;
Valerius Terminus: Of the Interpretation of Nature (1603), Chapter 1.
Both these works are available in modern editions, and also online
at the University of Adelaide: http://etext.library.adelaide.edu.au/
♦ Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason, Part I (1794), in Thomas Paine:
Political Writings, ed. Bruce Kuklick (Cambridge, 1989), Chapter 2;
available online at TP. ♦ Joshua 10:12–14. ♦ Council of Trent
declaration: Richard Blackwell, ‘Could There Be Another Galileo
Case?’, in The Cambridge Companion to Galileo, ed. Peter Machamer
(Cambridge, 1998), pp. 348–66, quotation at p. 353. ♦ Romans 1:20.

Milk miracle: ‘Right-Wing Hindus Milk India’s “Miracle”’, The
Independent (London), 25 September 1995, p. 11. ♦ Friedrich
Schleiermacher, On Religion: Speeches to its Cultured Despisers, ed.
Richard Crouter (Cambridge, 1996), Second Speech, quotation at
p. 49; ﬁrst published in German in 1799; available online at CCEL. ♦
Henry Drummond, The Lowell Lectures on the Ascent of Man (1894),
Chapter 10; available online at CCEL. ♦ G. W. Leibniz, ‘Mr Leibnitz’s
First Paper’ in Samuel Clarke, A Collection of Papers, Which passed
between the late Learned Mr. Leibnitz, and Dr. Clarke, In the Years
1715 and 1716 (1717); available online at NP. ♦ Laplace and Napoleon:
Roger Hahn, ‘Laplace and the Mechanistic Universe’, in God and
Nature: Historical Essays on the Encounter between Christianity and
Science, ed. David C. Lindberg and Ronald L. Numbers (Berkeley,
1986), pp. 256–76, quotation at p. 256. ♦ Descartes to Mersenne:
quoted in Carolyn Merchant, The Death of Nature: Women, Ecology,
and the Scientiﬁc Revolution (San Francisco, 1983), p. 205. ♦ Nancy
Cartwright uses the phrase ‘dappled world’ to echo Gerard Manley
Hopkins’ poem ‘Pied Beauty’, which starts with the line, ‘Glory be
to God for dappled things’; Nancy Cartwright, The Dappled World:
129

References and further reading

Chapter 3

Science and Religion

A Study of the Boundaries of Science (Cambridge, 1999), Part I,
quotation from Hopkins at p. 19. ♦ Einstein made comments about
God not playing dice on several occasions, including in a letter to
the physicist Max Born in 1926; Abraham Pais, Subtle is the Lord:
The Science and the Life of Albert Einstein, new edition (Oxford,
2005), Chapter 25. ♦ Fred Hoyle, ‘The Universe: Past and Present
Reﬂections’, Engineering and Science (November 1981), pp. 8–12;
quoted in Rodney D. Holder, God, the Multiverse, and Everything:
Modern Cosmology and the Argument from Design (Aldershot,
2004), p. 34. ♦ David Hume, Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion
(1779), Part II; available in several modern editions, and online at
PG. ♦ John 20:24–30. ♦ Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason, Part I
(1794), in Thomas Paine: Political Writings, ed. Bruce Kuklick
(Cambridge, 1989), Chapter 3; available online at TP. ♦ Richard
Dawkins, The Selﬁsh Gene, new edition (Oxford, 1989), p. 330.
♦ Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov, translated with
an introduction by David Magarshack (London, 1982), Book 5,
Chapter 4, ‘Rebellion’, pp. 276–88; ﬁrst published in Russian in 1880;
available online at CCEL.

Chapter 4
Charles Lyell used the phrase ‘go the whole orang’ in a letter to Darwin
in March 1863. Frederick Burkhardt and Sydney Smith (eds), The
Correspondence of Charles Darwin, Volume 11: 1863 (Cambridge,
1985), pp. 230–3; this letter is available online at DCP. ♦ Quotations
from Darwin’s Beagle notebooks: Adrian Desmond and James Moore,
Darwin (London, 1991), pp. 122, 176. ♦ Darwin’s comments on
the ‘damnable doctrine’ of damnation, and on preferring the label
‘Agnostic’, are made in the section of his autobiography concerning
religious belief, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, ed. Nora
Barlow (London, 1958), pp. 85–96, quotations at pp. 87, 94; available
online at CWCD. ♦ Darwin’s exclamation ‘What a book a Devil’s
chaplain might write’ was in a letter to Joseph Hooker in July 1856,
Frederick Burkhardt and Sydney Smith (eds), The Correspondence
of Charles Darwin, Volume 6: 1856–1857 (Cambridge, 1985),
130

Chapter 5
The American Association for the Advancement of Science statement
on ‘Intelligent Design’ was approved by its Board of Directors in
October 2002. The text is available online through their website via an
131

References and further reading

pp. 178–80; this letter is available online at DCP. ♦ The letter about
the afterlife from Emma to Charles, and his additional note on it,
are quoted in Adrian Desmond and James Moore, Darwin (London,
1991), pp. 280–1, 651. ♦ Darwin’s comments about Lyell’s impact on
his view of the natural world were made in a letter to Leonard Horner
in August 1844, Frederick Burkhardt and Sydney Smith (eds), The
Correspondence of Charles Darwin, Volume 3: 1844–1846 (Cambridge,
1985), pp. 54–5; this letter is available online at DCP. ♦ Tortoise soup:
Charles Darwin, ‘Galapagos. Otaheite Lima’, Beagle ﬁeld notebook
EH1.17, 12 October 1835, p. 36b; available online at CWCD. ♦ On the
Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection (1859) is available
in many modern editions, and online at CWCD, where changes
between editions can also be compared, such as the insertion of ‘by
the Creator’ at the end of the 1860 second edition, at p. 490. ♦ Charles
Kingsley, The Water Babies (1863), Chapter 7, p. 315; available online
at PG. ♦ Samuel Wilberforce’s review of On the Origin of Species ﬁrst
appeared in the Quarterly Review 108 (1860), pp. 225–64, quotations
at pp. 231, 259–60; available online at CWCD. ♦ Huxley’s and others’
recollections of the 1860 Oxford debate are discussed in Frank James,
‘An “Open Clash between Science and the Church”? Wilberforce,
Huxley and Hooker on Darwin at the British Association, Oxford,
1860’, in Science and Beliefs: From Natural Philosophy to Natural
Science, 1700–1900, ed. D. Knight and M. Eddy (Aldershot, 2005),
pp. 171–93, quotation from Huxley at p. 185. See also Leonard Huxley,
The Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley, 2 vols (London, 1900);
selections available online through the ‘20th Century Commentary’
section of HF. ♦ The text of Pope Benedict XVI’s homily on the
occasion of his inaugural Mass on Sunday, 24 April 2005 is available
in the online ‘Papal Archive’ at ‘Vatican: The Holy See’:
http://www.vatican.va/

Science and Religion

archived news release dated 6 November 2002; a related AAAS news
release and statement on ‘Anti-Evolution Laws’ is dated 19 February
2006: http://www.aaas.org/news/ ♦ The full text of Judge John E.
Jones III’s ruling in the Dover case in 2005 is available on the website
of the US District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania:
http://www.pamd.uscourts.gov/kitzmiller/kitzmiller_342.pdf ♦
George Coyne’s comments: ‘Intelligent Design belittles God, Vatican
director says’ by Mark Lombard, Catholic Online, 30 January 2006;
http://www.catholic.org/ ♦ Tennessee’s 1925 anti-evolution statute
is quoted in Edward J. Larson, Summer for the Gods: The Scopes
Trial and America’s Continuing Debate over Science and Religion
(Cambridge, MA, 1997), p. 50. The text of the statute is available
online at FT. ♦ Bryan’s comments on ‘the little circle entitled
“Mammals”’ come from the speech he intended to deliver to the jury as
the closing argument for the prosecution in the Scopes trial. Darrow’s
decision to submit the case to the jury without argument prevented
Bryan from delivering the speech, which is included as an Appendix
to William Jennings Bryan and Mary Baird Bryan, The Memoirs of
William Jennings Bryan (Philadelphia, 1925), quotation at p. 535.
♦ Genesis 1:26. ♦ Extracts from the transcript of the Scopes trial,
including the cross-examination of Bryan by Darrow, are available
online at FT. ♦ Thomas Jefferson’s famous words, ‘a wall of separation
between Church and state’, were used by him in a letter of 1 January
1802 to the Danbury Baptist Association. The text of the letter and
an article about its restoration are available online at the Library of
Congress website: http://www.loc.gov/loc/lcib/9806/danbury.html
♦ US Supreme Court opinions on Epperson v. Arkansas (1968) and
Edwards v. Aguillard (1987) are available online at Cornell University
Law School’s ‘Supreme Court Collection’: http://www.law.cornell.
edu/supct/index.html ♦ Bryan’s comments on school board elections
were made in a statement entitled ‘Who shall control?’, written in 1925
and included as an Appendix to William Jennings Bryan and Mary
Baird Bryan, The Memoirs of William Jennings Bryan (Philadelphia,
1925), pp. 526–8. ♦ District Judge William R. Overton’s ruling in
McLean v. Arkansas (1982) is included as an Appendix to Langdon
Gilkey, Creationism on Trial: Evolution and God at Little Rock
132

(Charlottesville, 1998), quotation at p. 295. Overton’s judgment is
available online at ‘TalkOrigins Archive. Exploring the Creation/
Evolution Controversy’: http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/mclean-varkansas.html ♦ Percival W. Davis, Dean H. Kenyon, and Charles B.
Thaxton, Of Pandas and People: The Central Question of Biological
Origins, 2nd edition (Dallas, 1993).

Chapter 6

133

References and further reading

On Persinger’s ‘God helmet’: David Biello, ‘Searching for God in the
Brain’, Scientiﬁc American Mind, October 2007; available online at:
http://www.sciam.com/ ♦ Mario Beauregard and Vincent Paquette,
‘Neural Correlates of a Mystical Experience in Carmelite Nuns’,
Neuroscience Letters, vol. 405, issue 3, 25 September 2006,
pp. 186–90; reported in The Daily Telegraph (London), 30 August
2006, p. 12, as ‘Nuns Prove God Is Not Figment of the Mind’; available
online via http://www.telegraph.co.uk/ ♦ Genesis 3:19; Ecclesiastes
3:19–20; 1 Corinthians 15. ♦ On the creeds: Peter van Inwagen,
‘Dualism and Materialism: Athens and Jerusalem?’, in Christian
Philosophy and the Mind-Body Problem: Faith and Philosophy, ed.
W. Hasker, vol. 12, no. 4 (1995), pp. 475–88, quotations at p. 478. ♦
George Eliot, Middlemarch, edited with an introduction and notes
by Rosemary Ashton (London, 1994), p. 838; originally published
in 1871–2; available online at the University of Virginia Library’s
‘Electronic Text Center’: http://etext.lib.virginia.edu/ebooks/ ♦ Eric
Lax, Woody Allen: A Biography (New York, 1992), p. 183. ♦ Isaac
Watts, Divine and Moral Songs for Children (New York, 1866),
pp. 47–8; ﬁrst published as Divine Songs (1715); available online
at CCEL. ♦ ‘Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die’ is a biblical
phrase: 1 Corinthians 15:32; see also Ecclesiastes 8:15, Isaiah 22:13,
Luke 12:19–20. ♦ Francis Collins on altruism: The Language of God:
A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief (New York, 2006), pp. 21–31. ♦
Richard Dawkins on altruism: The Selﬁsh Gene, new edition (Oxford,
1989), quotations at pp. 3, 200–1; The God Delusion (London, 2006),
pp. 214–22. ♦ Sodom and Gomorrah: Genesis 18:16–19:29. ♦ Onan:
Genesis 38:1–10. ♦ Rich young man: Mark 10:17–31.

Further reading
General

Science and Religion

Reference works
Philip Clayton and Zachary Simpson (eds), The Oxford Handbook of
Religion and Science (Oxford and New York, 2006).
Gary B. Ferngren (ed.), The History of Science and Religion in the
Western Tradition: An Encyclopedia (New York and London,
2000).
J. Wentzel van Huyssteen (ed.), Encyclopedia of Science and Religion,
2 vols (New York, 2003).
Historical studies
John Hedley Brooke, Science and Religion: Some Historical
Perspectives (Cambridge, 1991).
John Brooke and Geoffrey Cantor, Reconstructing Nature: The
Engagement of Science and Religion (Edinburgh, 1998).
Gary B. Ferngren (ed.), Science and Religion: A Historical
Introduction (Baltimore, 2002).
Peter Harrison, The Bible, Protestantism, and the Rise of Natural
Science (Cambridge, 1998).
David Knight and Matthew Eddy (eds), Science and Beliefs: From
Natural Philosophy to Natural Science (Aldershot, 2005).
David C. Lindberg and Ronald L. Numbers (eds), God and Nature:
Historical Essays on the Encounter between Christianity and
Science (Berkeley, 1986), and When Science and Christianity Meet
(Chicago and London, 2003).
Don O’Leary, Roman Catholicism and Modern Science: A History
(New York, 2006).
Overviews from Christian perspectives
Ian Barbour, Religion and Science: Historical and Contemporary
Issues (San Francisco, 1997).
Alister E. McGrath, Science and Religion: An Introduction (Oxford,
1998).
Arthur Peacocke, Creation and the World of Science: The Reshaping of
Belief, revised edition (Oxford and New York, 2004).
John Polkinghorne, Theology and Science: An Introduction (London,
1998).
134

Islam and Islamic science
Karen Armstrong, Islam: A Short History (London, 2001).
Michael Cook, The Koran: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford, 2000).
Muzaffar Iqbal, Islam and Science (Aldershot, 2002), and Science and
Islam (Westport, 2007).
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Science and Civilisation in Islam, 2nd edition
(Cambridge, 1987).
Malise Ruthven, Islam: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford, 1997).
George Saliba, Islamic Science and the Making of the European
Renaissance (Cambridge, MA, 2007).

International perspectives
Fraser Watts and Kevin Dutton (eds), Why the Science and Religion
Dialogue Matters: Voices from the International Society for Science
and Religion (Philadelphia and London, 2006).
Websites
American Assocation for the Advancement of Science: http://www.
aaas.org/
Center for Islam and Science: http://www.cis-ca.org/
Center for Theology and the Natural Sciences: http://www.ctns.org/
International Society for Science and Religion: http://www.issr.org.
uk/
John Templeton Foundation: http://www.templeton.org/
Metanexus Institute on Religion, Science, and the Humanities: http://
www.metanexus.net/
National Center for Science Education: http://www.natcenscied.org/
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy: http://plato.stanford.edu/
TalkOrigins Archive: Exploring the Evolution/Creation Controversy:
http://www.talkorigins.org/
135

References and further reading

Judaism and science
Geoffrey Cantor, Quakers, Jews, and Science: Religious Responses to
Modernity and the Sciences in Britain, 1650–1900 (Oxford and
New York, 2005).
Geoffrey Cantor and Marc Swelitz (eds), Jewish Tradition and the
Challenge of Darwinism (Chicago, 2006).
Noah J. Efron, Judaism and Science: A Historical Introduction
(Westport, 2007).

Chapter 1
Religious belief and the birth of modern science
Peter Dear, Revolutionizing the Sciences: European Knowledge and its
Ambitions, 1500–1700 (Basingstoke, 2001).
Rob Iliffe, Newton: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford, 2007).
Steven Shapin, The Scientiﬁc Revolution (Chicago, 1996).

Science and Religion

Books by religious scientists
Francis Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence
for Belief (New York, 2006).
Guy Consolmagno, God’s Mechanics: How Scientists and Engineers
Make Sense of Religion (San Francisco, 2007).
Owen Gingerich, God’s Universe (Cambridge, MA, 2006).
John Polkinghorne, Belief in God in an Age of Science (New Haven,
1998).
Thomas Paine
Thomas Paine, Political Writings, ed. Bruce Kuklick (Cambridge,
1989); Paine’s major works are available online at TP.
Gregory Claeys, Thomas Paine: Social and Political Thought (Boston
and London, 1989).
John Keane, Tom Paine: A Political Life (London, 1996).
Science and atheism
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker, revised edition (London,
1991), and The God Delusion (London, 2006).
Christopher Hitchens, God is Not Great: The Case Against Religion
(London, 2007).
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis. How Science Shows that
God Does Not Exist (Amherst, 2007).
Natural theology
John Brooke and Geoffrey Cantor, Reconstructing Nature: The
Engagement of Science and Religion (Edinburgh, 1998).
William Paley, Natural Theology, or Evidence of the Existence and
Attributes of the Deity, Collected from the Appearances of Nature,
edited with an introduction and notes by Matthew D. Eddy and
David Knight (Oxford and New York, 2006); ﬁrst published 1802.
136

Chapter 2
Philosophy of science
A. F. Chalmers, What Is This Thing Called Science?, 3rd edition
(Buckingham, 1999).
Peter Godfrey-Smith, Theory and Reality: An Introduction to the
Philosophy of Science (Chicago, 2003).
Samir Okasha, Philosophy of Science: A Very Short Introduction
(Oxford, 2002).
Philosophy of science in theological perspective
Philip Clayton, Explanation from Physics to Theology: An Essay in
Rationality and Religion (New Haven, 1989).
Christopher Knight, Wrestling with the Divine: Religion, Science, and
Revelation (Minneapolis, 2001).

Realism, philosophy, and science
Ian Hacking, Representing and Intervening (Cambridge, 1983).
Thomas Kuhn, The Structure of Scientiﬁc Revolutions, 3rd edition
(Chicago and London, 1996); ﬁrst published 1962.
Peter Lipton, Inference to the Best Explanation, 2nd edition
(London, 2004).
Richard Rorty, Philosophy and Social Hope (London, 1999).
Bas van Fraassen, The Scientiﬁc Image (Oxford, 1980).
137

References and further reading

Galileo and the Church
John Brooke and Geoffrey Cantor, Reconstructing Nature: The
Engagement of Science and Religion (Edinburgh, 1998),
Chapter 4.
David C. Lindberg, ‘Galileo, the Church, and the Cosmos’, in When
Science and Christianity Meet, ed. David C. Lindberg and Ronald
L. Numbers (Chicago and London, 2003), pp. 33–60.
Peter Machamer (ed.), The Cambridge Companion to Galileo
(Cambridge, 1998).
Stephen Mason, ‘Galileo’s Scientiﬁc Discoveries, Cosmological
Confrontations, and the Aftermath’, History of Science, 40 (2002),
pp. 377–406.
Ernan McMullin (ed.), The Church and Galileo (Notre Dame,
2005).

Realism and theology
Colin Crowder (ed.), God and Reality: Essays on Christian
Non-Realism (London, 1997).
Don Cupitt, Taking Leave of God (London, 1980).
Michael Scott and Andrew Moore (eds), Realism and Religion:
Philosophical and Theological Perspectives (Aldershot, 2007).
Janet Soskice, Metaphor and Religious Language (Oxford, 1985).

Chapter 3

Science and Religion

Lourdes
Ruth Harris, Lourdes: Body and Spirit in the Secular Age (London,
1999).
Philosophy of miracles
David Corner, The Philosophy of Miracles (London, 2007).
Mark Corner, Signs of God: Miracles and Their Interpretation
(Aldershot, 2005).
History of attitudes to miracles
Robert B. Mullin, Miracles and the Modern Religious Imagination
(New Haven and London, 1996).
Jane Shaw, Miracles in Enlightenment England (New Haven and
London, 2006).
Hume on miracles
John Earman, Hume’s Abject Failure: The Argument Against Miracles
(New York, 2000).
Robert J. Fogelin, A Defense of Hume on Miracles (Princeton, 2003).
God and physics
Philip Clayton, God and Contemporary Science (Edinburgh, 1997).
Paul Davies, The Mind of God: Science and the Search for Ultimate
Meaning (London, 1992).
Willem B. Drees, Beyond the Big Bang: Quantum Cosmologies and
God (La Salle, 1990).
John Polkinghorne, The Faith of a Physicist (Princeton, 1994), also
published as Science and Christian Belief (London, 1994).
138

Nicholas Saunders, Divine Action and Modern Science (Cambridge,
2002).
Laws of nature
Nancy Cartwright, How the Laws of Physics Lie (Oxford, 1983),
and The Dappled World: A Study of the Boundaries of Science
(Cambridge, 1999).
John Dupré, The Disorder of Things: Metaphysical Foundations of the
Disunity of Science (Cambridge, MA, 1993).
Bas van Fraassen, Laws and Symmetry (Oxford, 1989).

Cosmic ﬁne tuning
Paul Davies, The Goldilocks Enigma: Why is the Universe Just Right
for Life? (London and New York, 2006).
Rodney D. Holder, God, the Multiverse, and Everything: Modern
Cosmology and the Argument from Design (Aldershot, 2004).

Chapter 4
Biographies of Charles Darwin
Janet Browne, Darwin: A Biography, 2 vols (London, 1995, 2002).
Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, ed. Nora
Barlow (London, 1958), available online at CWCD.
Adrian Desmond and James Moore, Darwin (London, 1991).
Adrian Desmond, James Moore, and Janet Browne, Charles Darwin
(Oxford, 2007).
History of biology
Peter J. Bowler, Evolution: The History of an Idea, 3rd edition
(Berkeley and London, 2003), and The Eclipse of Darwinism:
Anti-Darwinian Evolution Theories in the Decades around 1900,
new edition (Baltimore, 1992).
139

References and further reading

Quantum physics
George Johnson, Fire in the Mind: Science, Faith, and the Search for
Order (New York, 1995), Chapters 5 and 6.
John Polkinghorne, Quantum Theory: A Very Short Introduction
(Oxford, 2002), and Quantum Physics and Theology: An
Unexpected Kinship (London, 2007).

Science and Religion

Jim Endersby, A Guinea Pig’s History of Biology: The Plants and
Animals Who Taught Us the Facts of Life (London, 2007).
Darwinism and religion
Craig Baxter, Re: Design, An Adaptation of the Correspondence of
Charles Darwin, Asa Gray and Others (2007); a dramatization, the
script of which is available online at DCP.
Peter J. Bowler, Monkey Trials and Gorilla Sermons: Evolution and
Christianity from Darwin to Intelligent Design (Cambridge, MA
and London, 2007).
John Hedley Brooke, Science and Religion: Some Historical
Perspectives (Cambridge, 1991), Chapter 8; and ‘Darwin and
Victorian Christianity’, in The Cambridge Companion to Darwin,
ed. Jonathan Hodge and Gregory Radick (Cambridge, 2003),
pp. 192–213.
James Moore, The Post-Darwinian Controversies: A Study of the
Protestant Struggle to Come to Terms with Darwin in Great Britain
and America, 1870–1900 (Cambridge, 1979), and The Darwin
Legend (Grand Rapids, 1994).
Michael Ruse, Darwin and Design: Does Evolution Have a Purpose?
(Cambridge, MA, 2003).
Thomas Huxley and Victorian science
Adrian Desmond, Huxley: From Devil’s Disciple to Evolution’s High
Priest (London, 1998).
Frank James, ‘An “Open Clash between Science and the Church”?
Wilberforce, Huxley and Hooker on Darwin at the British
Association, Oxford, 1860’, in Science and Beliefs: From Natural
Philosophy to Natural Science, 1700–1900, ed. D. Knight and
M. Eddy (Aldershot, 2005), pp. 171–93.
Bernard Lightman (ed.), Victorian Science in Context (Chicago, 1997).
Frank M. Turner, Contesting Cultural Authority: Essays in Victorian
Intellectual Life (Cambridge, 1993).
Paul White, Thomas Huxley: Making the ‘Man of Science’ (Cambridge,
2003).
Theology and evolution
Geoffrey Cantor and Marc Swelitz (eds), Jewish Tradition and the
Challenge of Darwinism (Chicago, 2006).
John F. Haught, God After Darwin: A Theology of Evolution (Boulder
and Oxford, 2000).
140

Nancey Murphy and William R. Stoeger, SJ (eds), Evolution and
Emergence: Systems, Organisms, Persons (Oxford, 2007).
Arthur Peacocke, Theology for a Scientiﬁc Age: Being and
Becoming – Natural, Divine, and Human, enlarged edition
(Minneapolis and London, 1993).
Michael Ruse, Can a Darwinian Be a Christian? The Relationship
between Science and Religion (Cambridge and New York, 2001).
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, The Phenomenon of Man, with an
introduction by Sir Julian Huxley, revised edition (London and
New York, 1975); ﬁrst published in French in 1955.

Chapter 5

The Scopes trial
Edward J. Larson, Summer for the Gods: The Scopes Trial and
America’s Continuing Debate over Science and Religion (New York,
1997).
Fundamentalism and creationism in America
George Marsden, Fundamentalism and American Culture, 2nd
edition (New York and Oxford, 2006).
Dorothy Nelkin, The Creation Controversy: Science or Scripture in the
Schools? (New York, 1982).
Ronald L. Numbers, The Creationists: From Scientiﬁc Creationism to
Intelligent Design, expanded edition (Cambridge, MA and London,
2006).
Christopher P. Toumey, God’s Own Scientists: Creationists in a Secular
World (New Brunswick, 1994).
Legal aspects
Langdon Gilkey, Creationism on Trial: Evolution and God at Little
Rock (Charlottesville, 1998).
Philip A. Italiano, ‘Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District: The First
Judicial Test for Intelligent Design’, Rutgers Journal of Law and
Religion, vol. 8.1, Fall 2006, available online at RJLR.
141

References and further reading

Overview
Eugenie C. Scott, Evolution versus Creationism: An Introduction
(Westport, 2004).

Science and Religion

Marcel La Follette (ed.), Creationism, Science, and the Law: The
Arkansas Case (Cambridge, MA, 1983).
Edward J. Larson, Trial and Error: The American Controversy over
Creation and Evolution, 3rd edition (New York and Oxford, 2003).
Stephen A. Newman, ‘Evolution and the Holy Ghost of Scopes: Can
Science Lose the Next Round?’, Rutgers Journal of Law and
Religion, vol. 8.2, Spring 2007, available online at RJLR.
Intelligent Design and its critics
Michael J. Behe, Darwin’s Black Box: The Biochemical Challenge
to Evolution (New York, 1996), and The Edge of Evolution: The
Search for the Limits of Darwinism (New York, 2007).
William Dembski and Michael Ruse (eds), Debating Design: From
Darwin to DNA (Cambridge, 2004).
Kenneth R. Miller, Finding Darwin’s God: A Scientist’s Search for
Common Ground between God and Evolution (New York, 1999).
Randy Olson (writer and director), Flock of Dodos: The EvolutionIntelligent Design Circus (Prairie Starﬁsh Productions and G-7
Animation, documentary ﬁlm, 2006).
Robert T. Pennock (ed.), Intelligent Design Creationism and Its
Critics: Philosophical, Theological, and Scientiﬁc Perspectives
(Cambridge, MA, 2001).
Philosophical perspectives
David Hull and Michael Ruse (eds), The Philosohpy of Biology
(Oxford, 1998), Part X.
Michael Ruse (ed.), But Is It Science? The Philosophical Question in
the Creation/Evolution Controversy (Amherst, 1996).
Sahotra Sarkar, Doubting Darwin? Creationist Designs on Evolution
(Malden and Oxford, 2007).

Chapter 6
Brain and mind
Antonio Damasio, Descartes’ Error: Emotion, Reason, and the Human
Brain, revised edition (London, 2006).
John Searle, Mind: A Brief Introduction (Oxford, 2004).

142

Neuroscience, psychology, and religion
C. Daniel Batson, Patricia Schoenrade, and W. Larry Ventis, Religion
and the Individual: A Social-Psychological Perspective (New York
and Oxford, 1993).
Warren S. Brown, Nancey Murphy, and H. Newton Malony, Whatever
Happened to the Soul? Scientiﬁc and Theological Portraits of
Human Nature (Minneapolis, 1998).
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience: A Study in
Human Nature, centenary edition with introductions by Eugene
Taylor and Jeremy Carrette (London and New York, 2002); ﬁrst
published 1902.
Andrew Newberg, Eugene d’Aquili, and Vince Rause, Why God Won’t
Go Away: Brain Science and the Biology of Belief (New York,
2002).
Fraser Watts, Theology and Psychology (Aldershot, 2002).

Evolution and ethics
Stephen R. L. Clark, Biology and Christian Ethics (Cambridge, 2000).
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin’s Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the
Meanings of Life (London and New York, 1995).
Frans de Waal, Primates and Philosophers: How Morality Evolved
(Princeton and Oxford, 2006).
Thomas Huxley, Evolution and Ethics, and Other Essays, in Collected
Essays (London, 1893–4), vol. 9; available online at HF.
Mary Midgley, Beast and Man: The Roots of Human Nature, new
edition (London and New York, 1995).
Matt Ridley, The Origins of Virtue (London, 1996).

143

References and further reading

Cognitive science and anthropology of religion
Scott Atran, In Gods We Trust: The Evolutionary Landscape of
Religion (London and New York, 2002).
Pascal Boyer, Religion Explained: The Human Instincts that Fashion
Gods, Spirits and Ancestors (London, 2001).
Steven Mithen, The Prehistory of the Mind: The Search for the Origins
of Art, Religion and Science (London, 1996).
Wentzel van Huyssteen, Alone in the World? Human Uniqueness in
Science and Theology: The Gifford Lectures (Grand Rapids,
2006).

Science and Religion

Altruism and selﬁshness
Richard Dawkins, The Selﬁsh Gene (New York and Oxford, 1976), also
available in a revised 1989 edition, and a 30th anniversary edition
with a new introduction by the author published in 2006.
Thomas Dixon, The Invention of Altruism: Making Moral Meanings
in Victorian Britain (Oxford, 2008).
Stephen G. Post, Lynn G. Underwood, Jeffrey P. Schloss, and William
B. Hurlbut (eds), Altruism and Altruistic Love: Science, Philosophy
and Religion in Dialogue (Oxford and New York, 2002).
Eliott Sober and David Sloan Wilson, Unto Others: The Evolution and
Psychology of Unselﬁsh Behavior (Cambridge, MA and London,
1998).
Deviance and sexuality
Thomas Laqueur, Solitary Sex: A Cultural History of Masturbation
(New York, 2003).
Roy Porter and Lesley Hall, The Facts of Life: The Creation of Sexual
Knowledge in Britain, 1650–1950 (New Haven, 1995).
Jeffrey Weeks, Sex, Politics and Society: The Regulation of Sexuality
since 1800, 2nd edition (London, 1989), and Coming Out:
Homosexual Politics in Britain from the Nineteenth Century to the
Present, revised edition (London, 1990).
Moore and the naturalistic fallacy
Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue: A Study in Moral Theory, 2nd
edition (Notre Dame, 1984).
G. E. Moore, Principia Ethica, edited with an introduction by Thomas
Baldwin (Cambridge, 1993); ﬁrst published 1903.
Science and the future
Stephen R. L. Clark, How to Live Forever: Science Fiction and
Philosophy (London and New York, 1995).
Mary Midgley, Science as Salvation: A Modern Myth and Its Meaning
(London and New York, 1992), and Evolution as a Religion:
Strange Hopes and Stranger Fears, revised edition (London and
New York, 2002).
John Polkinghorne and Michael Welker (eds), The End of the World
and the Ends of God: Science and Theology on Eschatology
(Harrisburg, 2000).

144

Index

scanning 109–10
see also neuroscience

Brecht, Bertolt
Life of Galileo 12–13

British Association for the
Advancement of Science

A
Adam and Eve 76–7, 89, 92, 112
Agatha, St 37–8, 39, 54–6
agnosticism 2, 73, 75–6, 84, 89
altruism 115–17, 121–2, 123,
124–5
American Civil Liberties Union
(ACLU) 83
Aristotelian science 23–6, 28–30
Arkansas
anti-evolution laws in 83, 94, 95,
96, 99

atheism 9, 15, 36, 40, 48, 51, 62,
104, 115
Augustine, St 26–7

B
Bacon, Francis 20, 71
Barbour, Ian 14, 15
Beauregard, Mario 109–10
Behe, Michael 80, 81–2, 93
Bellarmine, Robert 27–8
Benedict XVI, Pope (Joseph
Ratzinger) 80
Bible 2, 4, 8, 11–12, 18, 21–3,
26–7, 38, 44, 64, 74, 83,
86–96, 112, 118, 119
‘Big Bang’ 51, 52, 99
blood-clotting cascade 82, 98,
100
Boyle, Robert 2, 40, 46
Brahe, Tycho 30
brain

1860 Oxford meeting 73–6

Broca, Paul 123
Brooke, John Hedley 3
Bryan, William Jennings 84–6,
88–92, 96
Bucaille, Maurice 92–3

C
Cambrian explosion 93, 98
Capra, Fritjof
The Tao of Physics 16

Cartwright, Nancy 48
Catholicism, see Roman Catholic
Church
Church and state 3, 11–12, 83,
93–6
Church of England 11–12, 58–9,
60–1, 94
see also Kingsley, Charles;
Polkinghorne, John;
Temple, Frederick;
Wilberforce, Samuel

climate change 125
cognitive science 110–11
Collins, Francis 3, 115
consciousness 104, 105, 110–11
Copernicus, Nicolaus 7–8, 18, 25,
28, 32
see also Galileo Galilei

Coyne, George 82
creationism
in America 2, 9, 81–3, 93–6,
102–3
‘Creation Science’ 22, 90–3, 94–5,
99–101
and Islam 80, 88, 90–3
varieties of 79, 87–93

and mind 4, 104, 106–11, 113
and religious experience 16, 104,
109–11
145

Ecclesiastes 112
education 3, 10, 75–6, 83, 87, 95,
96–7, 101–3
Einstein, Albert 35, 49
Eliot, George

D

Science and Religion

Darrow, Clarence 84, 88–9
Darwin, Charles
Beagle voyage 61, 64–8, 74
on cooperation in nature 115–16,
117
on cruelty in nature 62, 76
deaths of daughter and father
62, 63
The Descent of Man 77, 117
evolution by natural selection 59,
62, 64–71, 73, 77, 79, 97,
115–16
Galapagos islands 66–7, 69
on human evolution 77–8
as an icon of modern science
58–60
On the Origin of Species 2, 46, 58,
63, 69–71, 73, 76
religious views 60–4

Middlemarch 113

Ellis, George 15
Ellis, Havelock 119
emergence 111
Epperson, Susan 94
ethics
and evolution 115–17, 121–2,
124–5
sexual 118–25
see also altruism

eugenics 79
evil, problem of, see theology
evolution
Anglican responses 58–9, 71–7
divinely guided 79, 80, 95
of humans 8, 77–80, 115–17,
121–5
inheritance of acquired
characteristics 77–9
and Islam 80, 88, 90–3
and Judaism 79
Roman Catholic responses 79–80
alleged root of modern evils 12,
86, 90–1
see also creationism; Darwin,
Charles; Intelligent
Design

Darwin, Emma 63–4
Dawkins, Richard 15, 55, 116–17
determinism 48–50, 57, 66, 79,
104, 123
Deism 11–12, 22, 41, 62, 64
Dembski, William 81
Descartes, René 46–7, 111
design 14, 21–2, 47, 51, 52–3, 62,
64–5, 69, 81–3
see also Intelligent Design; Paley,
William

divine action, see theology
Dostoyevsky, Fyodor

F

The Brothers Karamazov 55–6

Dover Area School Board 82,
95–6
Drummond, Henry 44–5, 56–7,
72, 115
dualism 110–11, 112

faith 53–5
Fall, the 76–7, 112
falsiﬁability 99–100, 103
‘ﬁne tuning’ 52–3
First Amendment, see United
States of America
Fitzroy, Captain Robert 61, 74
free will 4, 59, 76
fundamentalism 22, 86–7, 88,
90–5

E
earth, age of 65, 89–90, 93, 94–5,
98, 99
146

G

H

Gage, Phineas 107–8
Galileo Galilei

heaven and hell 55–6, 63–4,
105–6, 113–14
Hindu ‘milk miracle’ 40
homosexuality 90, 105, 118–19,
122–4
Hooker, Joseph 74–6
human evolution, see evolution
human nature, see ethics; mind;
nature; soul
Hume, David 53–4
Huxley, Thomas 2, 63

telescopic discoveries 7, 24–6
supports Copernican astronomy 7,
23–6, 27–31
views on science and scripture
22–3, 26–8, 30–3
Dialogue Concerning the Two
Chief World Systems 7–8,
28–30
tried by Inquisition 1–2, 18,
30–1

debate with Wilberforce 73–6

Genesis, Book of 22, 88–92, 112,
118, 119
genetics 77–9, 81, 100
geology 22, 46, 64, 65, 76, 90, 92,
93, 95, 98
Gingerich, Owen 3
God

I
ichneumon wasp 62–3, 76
immortality

as author of two books, nature and
scripture 17, 20, 21–2
as creator 1, 8, 11–12, 51, 52, 58,
71–2, 88–93, 95
as designer 14, 45, 47, 51, 52, 64–5,
69, 82, 93, 98
as ﬁrst cause/prime mover 41–2,
46, 50–2
‘God of the gaps’ 44–6, 50, 51, 56–7,
98, 115
as law-giver 46–7, 50–3, 71–2,
101
and miracles/providence 26,
37–57
and natural theology 11–12, 14,
21–2, 64–5, 72
omnipotence 28–30, 62
and realism 35–6
and revelation 11–12, 21–2, 26, 38,
42, 62
tinkering/capricious 41–2, 45, 47,
50, 99, 101
see also theology

Inherit the Wind 13, 84
Intelligent Design
as an American phenomenon 2, 9,
12, 81–3, 93–6
arguments against 45, 62, 82,
96–101
and bacterial ﬂagellum 81–2, 97–8,
99–100
and Catholic Church 80, 82
and ‘creationism’ 93–6
and educational reform 101–3
‘irreducible complexity’ 21–2, 81–2,
97–8
scientiﬁc status contested 99–101
see also Dover Area School Board

Islam 2, 15–16, 17, 21, 38–40, 42,
51–2, 80, 87–8, 90–3,
106

J
Jefferson, Thomas 10, 94
Jesus 38, 54–5, 74, 124

Gray, Asa 73
147

Index

in religious traditions 105–6, 110,
112
subjective 113

Johnson, Philip 81
Jones, Judge John E. 82, 99
Judaism 2, 16–17, 21, 51–2, 79,
106

Moore, G. E.
Principia Ethica 122

K

morality, see ethics
Morris, Henry M. 90, 92, 95
Moses 38
Muhammad 38–40
multiverse hypothesis 52–3

Kepler, Johannes 30
Kingsley, Charles 72–3
Kuhn, Thomas 34–5

N
nature
book of nature 11–12, 17, 20, 21–2,
31, 62
as ethical guide 121–5
human nature 104–5, 115–17
laws of nature 38–40, 44, 46–8,
50–4, 123
natural theology 11–12, 14, 21–2,
64–5, 72
‘naturalistic fallacy’ 121–2

L
Lamarck, Jean-Baptiste 65–6,
77–9
Laplace, Pierre Simon de 46
Larson, Edward
Science and Religion

Summer for the Gods 84

laws of nature 38–40, 44, 46–8,
50–4, 123
Leibniz, G. W. 46
life after death, see immortality;
resurrection
Lourdes 40, 42–4, 45
Lyell, Charles 58–9, 64, 65

Nazism 79
neo-Darwinism 77–9, 81, 100, 116
neuroscience 16, 106–11, 112
Newton, Isaac 2, 7, 11, 30, 35,
45–6, 46–7, 49–50, 58,
101
Noah’s ﬂood 89–90

M

O

Malthus, Thomas 64, 67–9
masturbation 119–20, 123
materialism 2, 12, 48–50, 66, 80,
93, 104, 115
medicine 16, 20, 42, 45, 60, 105,
118–21, 123–4, 125–6
Mendel, Gregor 77
Mersenne, Marin 47
mind

Onania 119–20
Overton, Judge William 96, 99
Owen, Richard 73, 75

P
Paine, Thomas 10–12, 22, 55,
64, 114
Paley, William 14, 21–2, 64–5,
69, 81–2
Paquette, Vincent 109–10
Paul, St 35, 38, 112, 118
Persinger, Michael 109

in religious traditions 105–6
scientiﬁc study of 104–5, 106–11

miracles 4, 22, 37–48, 53–7, 89,
113
Mivart, St George 80
moon 4–8, 23–6, 40
148

phrenology 107
physicalism 111, 112–13
Polkinghorne, John 3, 15
Price, George McCready 90,
92
Protestantism 16, 18, 27, 44–5,
80, 87–93

scientiﬁc instruments 5–7, 19, 24–5,
32–3, 99
scientiﬁc revolution 19–21, 46–7
see also realism

science and religion
as an academic ﬁeld 13–17
complexity 3, 15–17
conﬂict 1–4, 9–13, 15, 18, 26, 58–9,
73–6, 83
harmony 2–3, 15–17
political dimension 3–4, 7, 9–13,
27–31, 40, 75–6, 79, 81–7,
93–6, 102, 121, 122–6

see also Reformation

Psalms 1, 8
Ptolemy 23–6, 31, 34, 35

Q

Scopes trial 13, 30, 83–90, 94
scripture

quantum mechanics 48–50
Quran 21, 38–40, 87–8, 92–3

literal interpretation of 21, 26,
35–6, 59, 74, 86–90, 92, 93
see also Bible; Quran; revelation;
Torah

R
scientiﬁc 31–5
theological 35–6

Reformation 18, 27, 31, 44
resurrection 38, 55, 105–6,
112–13, 125
revelation 11–12, 14, 21–2, 26, 38,
42, 62, 73
Roman Catholic Church 1–2,
14, 16, 18, 22–3, 26–33,
37–8, 42–4, 79–80, 109
Royal Society 20, 75

T
Teilhard de Chardin, Pierre 80
telescope 5–7, 19, 24–6, 32
Temple, Frederick 73
Templeton Foundation 14–15
theology
divine action 4, 37–57
‘extinguished theologians’ 2
natural theology 11–12, 14, 21–2,
64–5, 72
problem of evil 62, 76–7
and science 14–15, 17, 44–6, 50–2,
76–80, 81–2, 98–9, 110–11
theologians’ dilemma 41–4, 55–7
theological realism 35–6

S
Schleiermacher, Friedrich 44
science
demarcation criteria 99–101, 103
and the future 125–6
history of 2, 9–10, 34–5, 45–6
and observation 4–8, 18, 19, 23,
24–5, 30, 31–5, 49–50, 64,
99–100
philosophy of 4–8, 19–22, 31–5,
46–8, 99–101

Thomas, St (Apostle) 54–5
Torah 21, 38, 88, 112
see also Genesis, Book of

Trent, Council of 27
149

Index

sex 90, 93, 118–21, 122–4, 125
soul 59, 79–80, 86, 104–6, 110,
112–13
supervenience 111

realism

U

V

United States of America

van Fraassen, Bas 34–5

Science and Religion

anti-evolutionism 2, 9, 10,
81–103
First Amendment to
Constitution 9, 82–3,
93–6, 99, 102–3
founding fathers 10–12,
94
McCarthy era 13
opinion polls on evolution/creation
95
science education 10, 83, 87, 95,
96–7, 101–3
Supreme Court 87, 94–5
see also Church and state

W
Wallace, Alfred Russel 68–9, 77
Watts, Isaac 114
Whewell, William 71
Wilberforce, Samuel 73–7
Wilde, Oscar 118–19

Y
Yayha, Harun 90–2, 93

Z

Urban VIII, Pope
(Maffeo Barberini)
28–33

Zygon 14

150

