Citizenship: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating and
accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have been
published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
Antisemitism Steven Beller
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
AUTISM Uta Frith
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
CATHOLICISM Gerald O’Collins
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM
Patricia Aufderheide
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION John Pinder
and Simon Usherwood
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALAXIES John Gribbin
GALILEO Stillman Drake
Game Theory Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOGRAPHY John A. Matthews and
David T. Herbert
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE Nicholas Boyle
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION AND
THE NEW DEAL Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
HISTORY of Life Michael Benton
THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE
William Bynum
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden

INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LAW Raymond Wacks
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
THE MEANING OF LIFE
Terry Eagleton
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MEMORY Jonathan Foster
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN CHINA Rana Mitter
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MORMONISM
Richard Lyman Bushman
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NELSON MANDELA Elleke Boehmer
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
NUCLEAR WEAPONS
Joseph M. Siracusa

THE OLD TESTAMENT
Michael D. Coogan
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY David Miller
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
THE QUAKERS Pink Dandelion
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
RELATIVITY Russell Stannard
RELIGION IN AMERICA Timothy Beal
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly

THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
SEXUALITY Véronique Mottier
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Kenneth O. Morgan
THE UNITED NATIONS
Jussi M. Hanhimäki
THE VIETNAM WAR
Mark Atwood Lawrence
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION Amrita Narlikar

Available Soon:
APOCRYPHAL GOSPELS Paul Foster
Expressionism Katerina Reed-Tsocha
FREE SPEECH Nigel Warburton
MODERN JAPAN
Christopher Goto-Jones

NOTHING Frank Close
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
SCOTLAND Rab Houston
STATISTICS David Hand

For more information visit our websites
www.oup.com/uk/vsi
www.oup.com/us

Richard Bellamy

Citizenship
A Very Short Introduction

1

1

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford OX2 6DP
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
c Richard Bellamy 2008

The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First Published 2008
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Bellamy, Richard (Richard Paul)
Citizenship : a very short introduction / Richard Bellamy.
p. cm.
Includes index.
ISBN 978–0–19–280253–8
1. Citizenship. I. Title.
JF801.B454 2008
323.6–dc22
2008031644
ISBN 978–0–19–280253–8
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

Contents

Preface ix
List of illustrations xi

1
2
3
4
5

What is citizenship, and why does it matter? 1
Theories of citizenship and their history 27
Membership and belonging 52
Rights and the ‘right to have rights’ 78
Participation and democracy 97
Further reading 124
Index 129

This page intentionally left blank

Preface

There are many excellent general introductions to citizenship, but
to my mind most have a tendency to suffer from one or more of
the following three shortcomings. First, they are written either by
academics who employ too much jargon to appeal to the general
reader, or by non-academics who ignore or are unaware of the
latest research on the topic. Second, they focus on the social,
moral, or legal aspects of citizenship at the expense of its political
dimension. Third, they offer a somewhat linear view of the history
of citizenship as a steady progress from ancient Greece to
contemporary notions of cosmopolitan citizenship, passing over
the many problems in transferring ideas and assumptions that
were indeed largely fashioned in the distant past and applying
them today. In this book, I have tried to offer something of a
corrective to each of these failings. My aims have been, ﬁrst, to
present some of the latest scholarship on citizenship in an
accessible way; second, to highlight the irreducibly political nature
of citizenship; and third, to explore some of the challenges
confronting the very possibility of citizenship today.
I have been greatly helped in this task by the students at
Edinburgh, UEA, Reading, Essex, and UCL who have taken the
various courses on democracy and citizenship that I have taught
over the past 25 years, and the many PhD students whose research
on these issues I have supervised. I am also grateful to various

friends, family, and colleagues past and present for the numerous
discussions about the meaning and nature of citizenship that have
shaped the arguments of this book – particularly Malcolm
Anderson, Luca Baccelli, Nigel and Steve Bellamy, Pietro Costa,
Bernard Crick, Alan Cromartie, Amy and Louise Dominian, John
Greenaway, Richard Gunn, Chris Hilson, Barry Holden, the late
Martin Hollis, Cécile Laborde, Andrew Mason, Kate Nash, Aletta
Norval, Tim O’Hagan, Sarah Playden, Emilio Santoro, Alan Scott,
Jo Shaw, Niamh Nic Shuibhne, John Street, Carl Stychin, Jim
Tully, Alex Warleigh-Lack, Albert Weale, Andrew Williams, and
Danilo Zolo. A special mention is owed to Dario Castiglione, who
has not only debated these issues with me during the course of
more than a decade’s collaboration on diverse research projects
dealing with EU citizenship, but also kindly agreed to read and
comment on an early draft, saving me from several errors in the
process. Last but far from least, I am extremely grateful to the staff
at Oxford University Press, particularly James Thompson for
hassling me to complete the book, Andrea Keegan – the
commissioning editor – for her helpful comments on how I might
make it more accessible for a general readership, and Deborah
Protheroe for helping me locate the pictures.

List of illustrations

1

Voting 5

8

c Peter Titmuss/Alamy


2 Gated community,
Louisiana 21

c Bettmann/Corbis; 
c 2004 The

Image Works/TopFoto.co.uk

c 2004 The Image

Works/TopFoto.co.uk

9
3 Aristotle 30
c 2006 Alinari/TopFoto.co.uk


4

Machiavelli 37
c 2006 Alinari/TopFoto.co.uk


Women’s suffrage, New York
City, 1913, and May Day
workers’ rights demonstration,
New York, 2000 68

Citizenship ceremony in
Australia, 2005 72
c Newspix/News Ltd.


10 The International Court of
Justice 86
c AFP/Getty Images


5 The US Constitution and the
French Declaration of
Rights 44–5
c US National Archives and Records

Administration; Musée de la
Revolution Française, Vizille,
France/The Bridgeman Art Library

6 The People’s Charter, UK,
1838 48
c 2003 Fotomas/TopFoto.co.uk


7

The Putney Debates, 1647 60
c 2003 Fotomas/TopFoto.co.uk


11 Martin Luther King 89
c AP/TopFoto.co.uk


12 Council of the European
Union, Brussels 93
c Thierry Tronnel/Corbis


13 European Constitution
referendum, France,
2005 101
c Pascal Rossignol/Reuters/Corbis


14 Electoral campaign in the US,
2008 114
c Getty Images


15 Flemish nationalist group
Voorpost 119
c AFP/Getty Images


The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Chapter 1
What is citizenship, and why
does it matter?

Interest in citizenship has never been higher. Politicians of all
stripes stress its importance, as do church leaders, captains of
industry, and every kind of campaigning group – from those
supporting global causes, such as tackling world poverty, to others
with a largely local focus, such as combating neighbourhood
crime. Governments across the world have promoted the teaching
of citizenship in schools and universities, and introduced
citizenship tests for immigrants seeking to become naturalized
citizens. Types of citizenship proliferate continuously, from dual
and transnational citizenship, to corporate citizenship and global
citizenship. Whatever the problem – be it the decline in voting,
increasing numbers of teenage pregnancies, or climate change –
someone has canvassed the revitalization of citizenship as part of
the solution.
The sheer variety and range of these different uses of citizenship
can be somewhat bafﬂing. Historically, citizenship has been linked
to the privileges of membership of a particular kind of political
community – one in which those who enjoy a certain status are
entitled to participate on an equal basis with their fellow citizens
in making the collective decisions that regulate social life. In other
words, citizenship has gone hand in hand with political
participation in some form of democracy – most especially, the
1

Citizenship

right to vote. The various new forms of citizenship are often put
forward as alternatives to this traditional account with its narrow
political focus. Yet, though justiﬁed in some respects, to expand
citizenship too much, so that it comes to encompass people’s rights
and duties in all their dealings with others, potentially obscures its
important and distinctive role as a speciﬁc kind of political
relationship. Citizenship is different not only to other types of
political afﬁliation, such as subjecthood in monarchies or
dictatorships, but also to other kinds of social relationship, such as
being a parent, a friend, a partner, a neighbour, a colleague, or a
customer.
Over time, the nature of the democratic political community and
the qualities needed to be a citizen has changed. The city states of
ancient Greece, which ﬁrst gave rise to the notion of citizenship,
were quite different to the ancient Roman republic or the city
states of Renaissance Italy, and all differed tremendously from the
nation states that emerged in the late 18th and early 19th centuries
and that still provide the primary context for citizenship today. In
large part, the contemporary concern with citizenship can be seen
as reﬂecting the view that we are currently witnessing a further
transformation of political community, and so of citizenship,
produced by the twin and related impacts of globalization and
multiculturalism. In different ways, these two social processes are
testing the capacity of nation states to coordinate and deﬁne the
collective lives of their citizens, altering the very character of
citizenship along the way.
These developments and their consequences for citizenship
provide the central theme of this book. The rest of this chapter
sets the scene and lays out the book’s agenda. I shall start by
looking at why citizenship is important and needs to be
understood in political terms, then move on to a more precise
deﬁnition of citizenship, and conclude by noting some of the
challenges it faces – both in general, and in the speciﬁc
circumstances confronting contemporary societies.
2

Why political citizenship?

Democratic citizenship is as rare as it is important. At present,
only around 120 of the world’s countries, or approximately 64% of
the total, are electoral democracies in the meaningful sense of
voters having a realistic chance of changing the incumbent
government for a set of politicians more to their taste. Indeed, a
mere 22 of the world’s existing democracies have been
continuously democratic in this sense for a period of 50 years or
more. And though the number of working democracies has
steadily if slowly grown since the Second World War, voter turnout
in established democracies has experienced an equally slow but
steady decline. For example, turnout in the United States in the
period 1945 to 2005 has decreased by 13.8% from the high of
62.8% of eligible voters in 1960 to the low of 49.0% in 1996, and
in the UK turnout has gone down by 24.2% from the high of
83.6% in 1950 to the low of 59.4% in 2001. True, as elsewhere,
both countries have experienced considerable ﬂuctuations
between highs and lows over the past 60 years, depending on
3

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

Citizenship has traditionally referred to a particular set of political
practices involving speciﬁc public rights and duties with respect to
a given political community. Broadening its meaning to
encompass human relations generally detracts from the
importance of the distinctively political tasks citizens perform to
shape and sustain the collective life of the community. Without
doubt, the commonest and most crucial of these tasks is
involvement in the democratic process – primarily by voting, but
also by speaking out, campaigning in various ways, and standing
for ofﬁce. Whether citizens participate or not, the fact that they
can do so colours how they regard their other responsibilities, such
as abiding by those democratically passed laws they disagree with,
paying taxes, doing military service, and so on. It also provides the
most effective mechanism for them to promote their collective
interests and encourage their political rulers to pursue the public’s
good rather than their own.

Citizenship

how contested or important voters felt the election to be, while in
some countries voting levels have remained extremely robust, with
Sweden, for example, experiencing a comparatively very modest
low of 77.4% in 1958 and a staggering high of 91.8% in 1976. The
general downward trend is nevertheless undeniable. Yet, despite
citizens expressing increasing dissatisfaction with the democratic
arrangements of their countries, they continue to approve of
democracy itself. The World Values Survey of 2000–2 found that
89% of respondents in the US regarded democracy as a ‘good
system of government’ and 87% the ‘best’, while in the UK 87%
thought it ‘good’ and 78% the ‘best’ (in Sweden it was 97% and
94% respectively). Whatever the perceived or real shortcomings of
most democratic systems, therefore, most members of democratic
countries seem to accept that democracy matters and that it is the
prospect of inﬂuencing government policy according to reasonably
fair rules and on a more or less equal basis with others that forms
the distinguishing mark of the citizen. In those countries where
people lack this crucial opportunity, they are at best guests and at
worst mere subjects – many, getting on for 40% of the world’s
population, of authoritarian and oppressive regimes.
Why is being able to vote so crucial, and how does it relate to all
the other qualities and beneﬁts that are commonly associated with
citizenship? All but anarchists believe that we need some sort of
stable political framework to regulate social and economic life,
along with various political institutions – such as a bureaucracy,
legal system and courts, a police force and army – to formulate
and implement the necessary regulations. At a bare minimum,
this framework will seek to preserve our bodies and property from
physical harm by others, and provide clear and reasonably stable
conditions for all the various forms of social interaction that most
individuals ﬁnd to some degree unavoidable – be it travelling on
the roads, buying and selling goods and labour, or marriage and
co-habitation. As we shall see, many people believe we need more
than this bare minimum, but few doubt that in a society of any

4

1. The crucial mark of citizenship is the right to vote

Citizenship

complexity we require at least these elements and that only a
political community with properties similar to those we now
associate with a state is going to provide them.
The social and moral dispositions that increasingly have come to
be linked to citizenship, such as good neighbourliness, are
certainly important supplements to any political framework, no
matter how extensive. Rules and regulations cannot cover
everything, and their being followed cannot depend on coercion
alone. If people acted in a socially responsible way only because
they feared being punished otherwise, it would be necessary to
create a police state of totalitarian scope to preserve social order –
a remedy potentially far worse than the disorder it would seek to
prevent. But we cannot simply rely on people acting well either. It
is not just that some people may take advantage of the goodness of
others. Humans are also fallible creatures, possessing limited
knowledge and reasoning power, and with the best will in the
world are likely to err or disagree. Most complex problems raise a
range of moral concerns, some of which may conﬂict, while the
chain of cause and effect that produced them, and the likely
consequences of any decisions we make to solve them, can all be
very hard if not impossible to know for sure. Imagine if there was
no highway code or trafﬁc regulations and we had to coordinate
with other drivers simply on the basis of us all possessing good
judgement and behaving civilly and responsibly towards each
other. Even if everyone acts conscientiously, there will be
situations, such as blind corners or complicated interchanges,
where we just lack the information to make competent
judgements because it is impossible to second guess with any
certainty what others might decide to do. Political regulation, say
by installing trafﬁc lights, in this and similar cases coordinates our
interactions in ways that allow us to know where we stand with
regard to others. In areas such as commerce, for example, that
means we can enter into agreements and plan ahead with a degree
of conﬁdence.

6

The logic is simple, even if the practice often is not: if politicians
consistently ignore citizens or prove incompetent, they will
eventually lose ofﬁce. Moreover, in a working democracy, where
parties regularly alternate in power, a related incentive exists for
citizens to listen to each other. Not only will very varied groups of

7

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

Now any reasonably stable and efﬁcient political framework, even
one presided over by a ruthless tyrant, will provide us some of
these beneﬁts. For example, think of the increased uncertainty and
insecurity suffered by many Iraqi citizens as a result of the lack of
an effective political order following the toppling of Saddam
Hussein. However, those possessing no great wealth, power, or
inﬂuence – the vast majority of people in other words – will not be
satisﬁed with just any framework. They will want one that applies
to all – including the government – and treats everyone impartially
and as equals, no matter how rich or important they may be. In
particular, they will want its provisions to provide a just basis for
all to enjoy the freedom to pursue their lives as they choose on
equal terms with everyone else, and in so far as is compatible with
their having a reasonable amount of personal security through the
maintenance of an appropriate degree of social and political
stability. And a necessary, if not always a sufﬁcient, condition for
ensuring the laws and policies of a political community possess
these characteristics is that the country is a working electoral
democracy and that citizens participate in making it so. Apart
from anything else, political involvement helps citizens shape
what this framework should look like. People are likely to disagree
about what equality, freedom, and security involve and the best
policies to support them in given circumstances. Democracy offers
the potential for citizens to debate these issues on roughly equal
terms and to come to some appreciation of each other’s views and
interests. It also promotes government that is responsive to their
evolving concerns and changing conditions by giving politicians
an incentive to rule in ways that reﬂect and advance not their own
interests but those of most citizens.

Citizenship

citizens need to form alliances to build an electoral majority, often
making compromises in the process, but also they will be aware
that the composition of any future winning coalition is likely to
shift and could exclude them. So the winners always have reason
to be respectful of the needs and views of the losers.
As we shall see in Chapter 5, at its best democratic citizenship
comes in this way to promote a degree of equity and reciprocity
among citizens. For example, suppose the electorate contains 30%
who want higher pensions, 40% wanting to lower taxes, 60%
desiring more roads, 30% who want more trains, 60% supporting
lower carbon emissions, 30% who oppose abortion, 60% who
want better-funded hospitals, 30% who desire improved schools,
20% who want more houses built, and 35% who support fox
hunting. I have made up these ﬁgures, but the distribution of
support across a given range of political issues is not unlike that
found in most democracies. Now, note how several policies are
likely to prove incompatible with each other – spending more on
one thing will mean less on another, improving hospitals may
mean less spending on roads or schools, and so on. Note too how it
is unlikely that any person or group will ﬁnd themselves
consistently in the majority or the minority on all issues – the
minority who support hunting, say, is unlikely to overlap entirely
with the minority who oppose abortion or the minority who want
more houses. So I may be in a minority so far as my views on
abortion are concerned and a majority when it comes to fox
hunting, in a minority on schooling and a majority on road
building, and so on. And each time I will be allied with a slightly
different group of people.
Meanwhile, even when people broadly agree on an issue, they
may disagree strongly about which policy best resolves it. So, a
majority – say 60% – may agree we need to lower carbon
emissions, but still disagree about how to do so – 30% may favour
nuclear energy, 30% wind power, 20% measures for reducing the
use of cars, 25% more green taxes, and so on. As a result, most
8

One can imagine circumstances in which a person could enjoy an
equitable political framework without being a citizen. If someone
is holidaying abroad in a stable democratic state, she will generally
beneﬁt from many of the advantages of its legal system and public
services in much the same way as its citizens. The laws upholding
most of her civil liberties will be identical, offering her similar
rights to theirs against violent assault or fraud, say, and to a fair
trial in the event that she is involved in such crimes. Likewise, she
shall have many of the same obligations as a citizen and will have
to obey those laws that concern her, such as speed limits if she is
driving a car, paying sales tax on many goods, and so on. Most of
the non-legally prescribed social duties that have become
associated with citizenship will also apply. If she believes a socially
9

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

people may in fact support very few policies that enjoy outright
majority support – they will mainly be in different minorities
alongside partly overlapping but often distinct groups of people. If
a party wants to build a working majority, therefore, it will have to
construct a coalition of minorities across a broad spectrum of
issues and policies and arrange trade-offs between them. That
makes it probable that most people will like some bits of the
programmes of opposing parties and dislike other bits: a US voter
might prefer the attitude towards abortion of most Democrats and
the economic policies of most Republicans, say, and a UK voter
the health policies of Labour and the EU policies of the
Conservatives. They will cast their vote on the basis of a
preponderance of things they like or dislike, appropriately
weighted for what they regard as most important. Over time, as
issues and attitudes change, party fortunes are likely to wax and
wane and with them the extent to which the preferred policies of
any individual voter coincide with a majority or a minority. ‘One
person, one vote’ means that each person’s preferences are treated
in an equitable fashion, while the need for parties to address a
range of people’s views within their programmes forces citizens to
practise a degree of mutual toleration and accommodation of each
other’s interests and concerns.

Citizenship

responsible person should pick up litter, help old ladies across the
road, avoid racist and sexist remarks, and buy only fair trade
goods, then she has as much reason to abide by these norms
abroad as at home. Indeed, similar considerations will lie behind
her recognizing the value of following the laws of a foreign
country, even though she has had no role in framing them.
Likewise, to the extent the citizens of her host country are
motivated by such considerations, they should act as civilly to
visitors as they do towards their co-citizens. If she likes the
country so much she decides to ﬁnd a job and stay on for a while,
then she will probably pay income tax and be protected by
employment legislation and possibly even enjoy certain social
beneﬁts. Of course, in practice a number of contingent factors can
put non-citizens at a disadvantage compared to many citizens in
exercising their rights – especially if they are not ﬂuent in the local
language. But these sorts of disadvantages are not the direct result
of not possessing the status of a citizen. After all, naturalized
citizens might be in much the same position with regard to many
of them. Nor need they prevent her, as a hardworking and polite
individual who is solicitous towards others, from becoming a
valued pillar of the local community, respected by her neighbours.
Why then be bothered with being able to vote, do jury duty, and
various other tasks many citizens ﬁnd onerous – especially if she
may never need any of the additional rights citizens enjoy?
There are two reasons why she ought to be concerned – both of
which highlight why citizenship in the political sense is important.
First, unlike citizens, she does not have an unqualiﬁed right to
enter or remain in this country, and if she fell foul of the
authorities could be refused entry or deported. As we shall see in
subsequent chapters, this is a core right in an age when many
people are stateless as a result of war or oppressive regimes in
their countries of origin, or are driven by severe poverty to seek a
better life elsewhere. But in a way it still begs the question of why
she should want to become a citizen rather than simply a
permanent resident. After all, most democratic countries
10

As I noted above, increasing numbers of citizens do not bother
participating. They either feel it is pointless to do so or are happy
to free-ride on the efforts of others. They are mistaken. It may well
be that, as presently organized, democracy falls far short of the
expectations citizens have of it, so that they feel their involvement
has little or no effect. Yet that view is not so much an argument for
abandoning democracy as for seeking to improve it. One need only
compare life under any established democracy, imperfect though
they all are, with that under any existing undemocratic regime to
be aware that democracy makes a difference from which the
majority of citizens draw tangible beneﬁts. People lack
self-respect, and possibly respect for others too, in a regime under
which they do not have the possibility of expressing their views
and being counted, no matter how benevolently and efﬁciently it is
run. Rulers need no longer see the ruled as equals, as entitled to
give an opinion and have their interests considered on the same
terms as everyone else. And so they need not take them into
account. Democratic citizenship changes the way power is
exercised and the attitudes of citizens to each other. Because
11

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

acknowledge a humanitarian duty to help those in dire need and
have established international agreements on asylum seekers to
prevent individuals being turned away or returned to countries
where their life would be in danger. Increasingly, there are also
internationally recognized rights for long-term residents, or
‘denizens’ as they have come to be called. If she has lawfully
entered the country and is a law-abiding individual, so there are
no prospects of her being deported, then why not just enjoy living
under its well-ordered regime? The second reason comes in here.
For the qualities she likes about this country stem in large part
from its democratic character. Even the quasi-citizenship status
she has come to possess under international law is the product of
international agreements that are promoted and reliably kept only
by democratic states. And their being democracies depends in turn
on at least a signiﬁcant proportion of citizens within such states
doing their duty and participating in the democratic process.

democracy gives us a share in ruling and in being ruled in the ways
indicated above, citizenship allows us both to control our political
leaders and to control ourselves and collaborate with our fellow
citizens on a basis of equal concern and respect. By contrast, the
permanent resident of my example is just a tolerated subject. She
may express her views, but is not entitled to have them heard on
an equal basis to citizens.

Citizenship

The components of citizenship:
towards a deﬁnition
Citizenship, therefore, has an intrinsic link to democratic politics.
It involves membership of an exclusive club – those who take the
key decisions about the collective life of a given political
community. And the character of that community in many ways
reﬂects what people make it. In particular, their participation or
lack of it plays an important role in determining how far, and in
what ways, it treats people as equals. Three linked components of
citizenship emerge from this analysis – membership of a
democratic political community, the collective beneﬁts and rights
associated with membership, and participation in the community’s
political, economic, and social processes – all of which combine in
different ways to establish a condition of civic equality.
The ﬁrst component, membership or belonging, concerns who is a
citizen. In the past, many have been excluded from within as well
as outside the political community. Internal exclusions have
included those designated as natural inferiors on racial, gender, or
other grounds; or as unqualiﬁed due to a lack of property or
education; or as disqualiﬁed through having committed a crime or
become jobless, homeless, or mentally ill. So, in most established
democracies women obtained the vote long after the achievement
of universal male suffrage, before which many workers were
excluded, while prisoners often lose their right to vote, as does – by
default – anyone who does not have a ﬁxed address. Many of these
internal grounds for exclusion have been dropped as baseless,
12

though others remain live issues, as does the unequal effectiveness
of the right to vote among different groups. However, much recent
attention has concentrated on the external exclusions of asylum
seekers and immigrants. Here, too, there have been changes
towards more inclusive policies at both the domestic and
international levels, though signiﬁcant exclusionary measures
persist or have recently been introduced. Yet, the current high
levels of international migration, though not unprecedented, have
been sufﬁciently intense and prolonged and of such global scope
as to have forced a major rethink of the criteria for citizenship.

The second component, rights, has often been seen as the
deﬁning criterion of citizenship. Contemporary political
philosophers have adopted two main approaches to identifying
13

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

As we shall see in later chapters, none of these criteria proves
straightforward. Citizenship implies the capacity to participate in
both the political and the socio-economic life of the community.
Yet, the nature of that participation and the capabilities it calls for
have varied over time and remain matters of debate. Citizens must
also be willing to see themselves as in some sense belonging to the
particular state in which they reside. At the very least, they must
recognize it as a centre of power entitled to regulate their
behaviour, demand taxes, and so on, in return for providing them
with various public goods. How far they must also identify with
their fellow citizens is a different matter. A working democracy
certainly requires some elements of a common civic culture:
notably, broad acceptance of the legitimacy of the prevailing rules
of politics and probably a common language or languages for
political debate. A degree of trust and solidarity among citizens
also proves important if all are to collaborate in producing the
collective beneﬁts of citizenship, rather than some attempting to
free-ride on the efforts of others. The extent to which such
qualities depend on citizens possessing a shared identity is a more
contested, yet crucial, issue as societies become increasingly
multicultural.

Citizenship

these rights. A ﬁrst approach seeks to identify those rights that
citizens ought to acknowledge if they are to treat each other as free
individuals worthy of equal concern and respect. A second
approach tries, more modestly, simply to identify the rights that
are necessary if citizens are to participate in democratic
decision-making on free and equal terms. Both approaches prove
problematic. Even if most committed democrats broadly accept
the legitimacy of one or other of these accounts of citizens’ rights
as being implicit in the very idea of democracy, they come to very
different conclusions about the precise rights either approach
might generate. These differences largely reﬂect the various
ideological and other divisions that form the mainstay of
contemporary democratic politics. So neo-liberals are likely to
regard the free market as sufﬁcient to show individuals equality of
concern and respect with regard to their social and economic
rights, whereas a social democrat is more likely to wish to see a
publicly supported health service and social security system too.
Similarly, some people might advocate a given system of
proportional representation as necessary to guarantee a citizen’s
equal right to vote, others view the plurality ﬁrst past the post
system as sufﬁcient or even, in some respects, superior. As a result
of these disagreements, the rights of citizenship have to be seen,
somewhat paradoxically perhaps, as subject to the decisions of
citizens themselves.
That paradox seems less acute, though, once we also note that
making rights the primary consideration is in various respects too
reductive. We tend to see rights as individual entitlements – they
are claims individuals can make against others, including
governments, to certain standards of decency in the way they
are treated. However, though rights attach to individuals, they
have an important collective dimension that the link with
citizenship serves to highlight. What does the work in any
account of rights is not the appeal to rights as such but to the
arguments for why people have those rights. Most of these
arguments have two elements. First, they appeal to certain
14

The third component, participation, comes in here. Calling
citizenship the ‘right to have rights’ indicates how access to
numerous rights depends on membership of a political
community. However, many human rights activists have criticized
the exclusive character of citizenship for this very reason,
maintaining that rights ought to be available to all on an equal
basis regardless of where you are born or happen to live. As a
result, they have sometimes argued against any limits on access to
15

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

goods as being important for human beings to be able to lead
a life that reﬂects their own free choices and effort – usually the
absence of coercion by others and certain material preconditions
for agency, such as food, shelter, and health. Second, and most
importantly from our point of view, they imply that social
relations should be so organized that we secure these rights on an
equal basis for all. Rights are collective goods in two important
senses, therefore. On the one hand, they assume that we all share
an interest in certain goods as important for us to be able to
shape our own lives. On the other hand, these rights can only be
provided by people accepting certain civic duties that ensure they
are respected, including cooperating to set up appropriate
collective arrangements. For example, if we take personal security
as an uncontentious shared human good, then a right to this good
can only be protected if all refrain from illegitimate interference
with others and collaborate to establish a legal system and police
force that upholds that right in a fair manner that treats all as
equals. In other words, we return to the arguments establishing
the priority of political citizenship canvassed earlier. For rights
depend on the existence of some form of political community in
which citizens seek fair terms of association to secure those goods
necessary for them to pursue their lives on equal terms with
others. Hence, the association of rights with the rights of
democratic citizens, with citizenship itself forming the right of
rights because it is the ‘right to have rights’ – the capacity to
institutionalize the rights of citizens in an appropriately
egalitarian way.

Citizenship

citizenship. Rights should transcend the boundaries of any
political community and not depend on either membership or
participation. Though there is much justice in these criticisms,
they are deﬁcient in three main respects.
First, the citizens of well-run democracies enjoy a level and range
of entitlements that extend beyond what most people would
characterize as human rights – that is, rights that we are entitled
to simply on humanitarian grounds. Of course, it could be argued
with some justiﬁcation that many of these countries have
beneﬁted from the indirect or direct exploitation of poorer, often
non-democratic, states and various related human rights abuses,
such as selling arms to their authoritarian rulers. Rectifying these
abuses, though, would still allow for signiﬁcant differentials in
wealth between countries. For, second, rights also result from the
positive activities of citizens themselves and their contributions to
the collective goods of their political community. In this respect,
citizenship forms the ‘right to have rights’ in placing in citizens’
own hands the ability to decide which rights they will provide for
and how. Some countries might choose to have high taxes and
generous public health, education, and social security schemes,
say, others to have lower taxes and less generous public provision
of these goods, or more spending on culture or on police and the
armed forces. Finally, none of the above rules out recognizing the
‘right to have rights’ as a human right that creates an obligation on
the part of existing democratic states to aid rather than hinder
democratization processes in non-democratic states, to give
succour to asylum seekers and to have equitable and
non-discriminatory naturalization procedures for migrant workers
willing to commit to the duties of citizenship in their adopted
countries.
So membership, rights, and participation go together. It is through
being a member of a political community and participating on
equal terms in the framing of its collective life that we enjoy rights
to pursue our individual lives on fair terms with others. If we put
16

these three components together, we come up with the following
deﬁnition of citizenship:
Citizenship is a condition of civic equality. It consists of membership
of a political community where all citizens can determine the terms
of social cooperation on an equal basis. This status not only secures
equal rights to the enjoyment of the collective goods provided by the
political association but also involves equal duties to promote and
sustain them – including the good of democratic citizenship itself.

The paradox and dilemma of citizenship

This dilemma proves particularly acute if the good in question has
the qualities associated with what is technically known as a ‘public
17

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

Earlier I suggested that citizenship involves a paradox
encapsulated in viewing it as the ‘right to have rights’. That
paradox consists in our rights as citizens being dependent on our
exercising our basic citizenship right to political participation in
cooperation with our fellow citizens. For our rights derive from the
collective policies we decide upon to resolve common problems,
such as providing for personal security with a police force and
legal system. Moreover, once in place, these policies will only
operate if we continue to cooperate to maintain them through
paying taxes and respecting the rights of others that follow from
them. So rights involve duties – not least the duty to exercise the
political rights to participate on which all our other rights depend.
This paradox gives rise in its turn to a dilemma that can affect
much cooperative behaviour. Namely, that we will be tempted to
shirk our civic duties if we feel we can enjoy the collective goods
and the rights they provide by relying on others to do their bit
rather than exerting ourselves. And the more citizens act in this
way, the less they will trust their fellow citizens to collaborate with
them. Collective arrangements will seem increasingly unreliable,
prompting people to abandon citizenship for other, more
individualistic, ways of securing their interests.

Citizenship

good’ – that is a good, such as street lighting, from which nobody
can be excluded from the beneﬁts, regardless of whether they
contributed to supporting it or not. In such cases, a temptation
will exist for individuals to ‘free-ride’ on the efforts of others. So, if
the neighbours either side of my house pay for a street light, they
will not be able to stop me beneﬁting from it even if I choose not
to help them with the costs. In many respects, democracy operates
as a public good of this kind and so likewise confronts the
quandary of free-riding. The cost of becoming informed and
casting your vote is immediate and felt directly by each individual,
while the beneﬁts are far less tangible and individualized, as are
the disadvantages of not voting. You will gain from living in a
democracy whether you vote or not, while any individual vote
contributes very little to sustaining democratic institutions. And
the shortcomings of democracy – the policies and politicians
people dislike – tend to be more evident than its virtues, which are
diffuse, and in newly democratized countries, often long term. As
a result, the temptation to free-ride is great.
In fact, political scientists used to be puzzled why citizens
bothered to vote at all – it seemed irrational. Given the very small
likelihood any one person’s vote will make a difference to the
election result, it hardly seems worth the effort. Even the fear that
democracy may collapse should have little effect on this
self-centred reasoning. As an individual, it still pays the free-rider
to rely on the efforts of others. After all, if others fail to do their
part, there will be little point in the free-rider doing so. In the past,
it seems that citizens simply were not so narrowly instrumental in
their reasoning. They appear to have valued the opportunity of
expressing their views along with others. The growing fear,
symbolized by the decline in voting, is that such civic-mindedness
has lessened, with citizens becoming more self-interested and
calculating in their attitudes not just to political participation but
also to the collective goods political authorities exist to provide.
They have also felt that their fellow citizens and politicians are
likewise concerned only with their own interests. American
18

national election studies, for example, reveal that over the past 40
years the majority of US citizens have come to feel that
government beneﬁts a few major interests rather than those of
everyone, although the percentage has ﬂuctuated between lows of
24% and 19% in 1974 and 1994 respectively believing it beneﬁted
all, to highs of 39% and 40% in 1984 and 2004. Likewise, a
British opinion poll of 1996 revealed that a staggering 88% of
respondents believed Members of Parliament served interests
other than their constituents’ or the country’s – with 56%
contending they simply served their own agenda.

19

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

This change in people’s attitudes and perceptions presents a major
challenge to the practice and purpose of citizenship. Most of the
collective goods that citizens collaborate to support and on which
their rights depend are subject to the public goods dilemma
described above. Like voting, the cost of the tax I pay to support
the police, roads, schools, and hospitals will seem somehow more
direct and personal than the beneﬁts I derive from these goods,
and a mere drop in the ocean compared to the billions needed to
pay for them. Like democracy, these goods also tend to be available
to all citizens regardless of how much they pay or, indeed, whether
they have paid at all. True, these goods do not have the precise
quality of public goods – some degree of exclusion is possible.
However, it would be both inefﬁcient and potentially create great
injustices to do so. Moreover, in numerous indirect ways we all do
beneﬁt from a good transport system, a healthy and well-educated
population, and from others as well as ourselves enjoying personal
security. That said, people will always be naturally inclined to
wonder whether they are getting value for money or are
contributing more than their fair share. Such concerns are likely to
be particularly acute if people feel little sense of solidarity with
each other or believe others to be untrustworthy, especially when
it comes to the sort of redistributive measures needed to support
most social rights. Consequently, the inducements to adopt
independent, non-cooperative behaviour for more apparently
secure, short-term advantages will be great – even if, as will often

Citizenship

be the case, such decisions have the perverse long-term effect of
proving more costly or less beneﬁcial not just for the community
as a whole but even for most of the defecting individuals.
This tendency has been apparent in the trend within developed
democracies for wealthier citizens to contract into private
arrangements in ever more areas, from education and health to
pensions and even personal security, often detracting from public
provision in the process. So, people have opted to send their
children to private schools, taken out private health insurance,
employed private security ﬁrms to police their gated
neighbourhoods, and sought to pay less in taxation for public
schemes. But the net result has often been that the cost of
education, health, and policing has risen because a proliferation of
different private insurance schemes proves less efﬁcient, while the
depleted public provision brings in its wake a number of costly
social problems – a less well-educated and healthy workforce,
more crime, and so on.
Governments have responded to this development in four main
ways. First, they have partly marketized some of these services,
in form if not always in substance. One consequence of it being
either technically impossible or morally unjust to exclude people
from the beneﬁts of ‘public goods’ is that standard market
incentives do not operate. Companies have no reason to compete
for customers by offering lower prices or better products if they
cannot restrict enjoyment of a good to those who have paid them
for it. Governments have tried to overcome this problem by
getting companies periodically to compete for the contract to
supply a given public service and by trying to guarantee citizens
certain rights as customers. In so doing, they have stressed the
state’s role as a regulator rather than necessarily as a provider of
services. The aim is to guarantee that given standards and levels of
provision are met, regardless of whether a public or a private
contractor actually offers the service concerned. In this way,

20

2. The rich have increasingly withdrawn from the collective provision of public goods

Citizenship

governments have tried to reassure citizens that as much attention
will be paid to getting value for money and meeting their
requirements as would be the case if they were buying the service
on their own account. Their second response has complemented
this strategy by stressing the responsibilities of citizens – especially
of those who are net recipients of state support. For example, a
number of states have obliged recipients of social security beneﬁts
to be available for and actively to seek work, engage in retraining,
and possibly to do various forms of community service. By such
measures, they have tried to reassure net contributors to the
system that all are pulling their weight and so retain their
allegiance to collective arrangements. Third, they have adopted an
increasingly marketized approach to the very practice of electoral
politics. They have conducted consumer research as to citizens’
preferences and attempted to woo them through branding and
advertising. Finally, they have attempted to overcome cynicism
about using state power to support the public interest by
depoliticizing standard-setting and the regulation of the economic
and political markets alike to supposedly impartial bodies immune
from self-interest, such as independent banks and the courts.
These policies have had mixed results. By and large, they have
been most successful for those services that can be most fully
marketized, such as some of the former public utilities like gas,
electricity, and telephones, and where there are reasonably clear,
technical criteria for what a good service should be and how it
might be obtained. For other goods – particularly those where the
imperatives for public provision are as much moral as economic,
and defection into private arrangements is comparatively easy,
such as health care or education – a partial withdrawal from, and a
resulting attenuation of, public services has occurred in many
advanced democratic states.
Meanwhile, disillusion about politics has grown. Citizens have
increasingly felt politicians will do anything for their vote and
once in power employ it selﬁshly and ineptly. Civic solidarity has
22

Globalization has been widely perceived as further promoting
both these sources of political disaffection. That many public
goods, from security against crime to monetary stability, can only
be obtained through international mechanisms has added to civic
disaffection and the belief in the shortcomings of political
measures. International organizations are inevitably much more
distant from the citizens they serve. Size matters, and it is much
harder to feel solidarity with very large and highly diverse groups
with whom one has few, if any, shared cultural or other references
and hardly any direct interaction. As a result, short-term
individualized behaviour is much more likely. Put simply, cheating
on strangers is easier than with people you meet every day and will
continue to interact with into the foreseeable future. The more
complex and globalized societies are, the more we all become
strangers to each other. It also becomes much harder to inﬂuence
23

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

decreased accordingly as inequalities have grown between social
groups. While the better educated and wealthier sections of
society have pushed governments and politicians to do less and
less, the poorer sections, who ﬁnd it harder to organize in any case,
have increasingly withdrawn from politics altogether. The
problem seems to be two-fold. On the one hand, citizens have
adopted a more consumer-orientated and critical view of
democratic politics. They have taken a more self-interested stance,
assuming that others, their fellow citizens, politicians, and those in
the public sector more generally, do so too. On the other hand,
politicians have likewise treated citizens more like consumers and
both marketized the public sector where possible and acted
themselves rather like the heads of rival ﬁrms. Commentators
differ as to which came ﬁrst, but most accept these two
developments have fuelled each other, producing increasing
disillusionment with democratic politics. Instead of being viewed
as a means of bringing citizens together in pursuit of those public
interests from which they collectively beneﬁt, politics has come to
be seen as but an inefﬁcient mechanism for individuals to pursue
their private interests.

Citizenship

or hold politicians to account. Your vote is one in millions rather
than thousands, and it is more difﬁcult to combine with others in
groups sharing one’s interests and concerns that are of sufﬁcient
size to inﬂuence those with power. Again, markets and weak forms
of depoliticized regulation have come to be seen as more
competent and impartial than collective political solutions.
The European Union (EU), the world’s most developed
international organization, reﬂects these dilemmas and responses
well. Despite having elections and a parliament, European
politicians are both little trusted and scarcely known, while
electoral turnout is far below that for national elections of the
member states and likewise on the decline. By and large, citizens
have remained tied to their national or subnational allegiances
and mainly, and increasingly, view the EU in narrowly
self-interested terms as either beneﬁcial or not to their country or
economic group. European political parties exist largely as voting
blocks of national parties within the European Parliament, while
the vast majority of trans-European civil society organizations are
small, Brussels-based lobby groups, with few if any members and
invariably reliant on the EU for funding. Meanwhile, the EU has
increasingly sought to legitimize itself through non-political
means, notably appeals to supposed ‘European’ values, such as
rights, on the one side, and as an efﬁcient, effective, equitable, and
depoliticized economic regulator, on the other.
Developments in the EU mirror what has happened in most
established democratic states, including those outside Europe,
such as the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Worries about a decline in civic attitudes and voting has produced
a concern with the collapse of ‘social capital’ – the habit of
collaborating and joining with others, summed up in Robert
Putnam’s observation that Americans no longer go ten pin
bowling in teams but more and more ‘bowl alone’. Increased
immigration and growing multiculturalism are also feared

24

Yet, it is dubious that such attempts will be effective. Political
communities and rights alike are constructed and sustained by the
activities of citizens. People feel bound to each other and by the
law only if they regard themselves as involved in shaping their
relationships with each other and the state through their ability to
inﬂuence the rules, policies, and politicians that govern social life.
Indeed, they have good grounds for believing they are not civic
equals without that capacity. So appeals to political community or
rights will not of themselves create citizenship because they are
the products of citizenly action through political participation.
People will not feel any sense of ownership over them. The three
components of citizenship stand and fall together.
Both social and economic changes and the political responses to
them are challenging the very possibility of citizenship, therefore.
This book explores these challenges further. We start in Chapter 2
by sketching the historical development of citizenship from the
city states of ancient Greece to the nation states of the 20th
century. In many respects, this history provides the resources for
current thinking about citizenship. Chapters 3, 4, and 5 then

25

What is citizenship, and why does it matter?

to have reduced community feeling based on a common culture.
As a result, governments have sought to inculcate a sense of
national and civic belonging through an enhanced emphasis on
citizenship education in schools and for immigrants seeking to
naturalize. This teaching has usually emphasized national culture
broadly conceived rather than political culture in the narrower,
democratic sense. Likewise, they have increasingly claimed to
have depoliticized important decisions – handing the setting of
interest rates over to national banks, emphasizing deference to
constitutional courts in matters of protecting rights, and using
independent regulators to oversee not only the former public
utilities, such as gas and water, but also many other social and
economic areas, such as sentencing policy. In these ways, they
have tried to separate membership and rights from participation.

Citizenship

examine membership, rights, and participation in turn, noting
how each is being transformed in ways that are changing the
character and perhaps the feasibility of citizenship today.
Throughout I stress the need to see these three elements as a
package, with political participation offering the indispensable
glue holding them together.

26

Chapter 2
Theories of citizenship
and their history

Theories of citizenship fall into two types: normative theories that
attempt to set out the rights and duties a citizen ideally ought to
have, and empirical theories that seek to describe and explain how
citizens came to possess those rights and duties that they actually
have. In different but related ways, both types of theory appeal to
history.
Normative theories look to history to explore the ideal of the good
citizen. Past accounts of citizenship have inevitably shaped how we
think about what it is to be a citizen. They provide a sort of
scrapbook of ideas about the attributes and advantages of
citizenship: who is a citizen, the kind of contribution the state and
other citizens can expect of him or her and under which
circumstances, and what he or she can expect of them and when.
Accordingly, contemporary normative theories of citizenship tend
to elaborate upon and test themselves against older views. They
point out the logical inconsistencies of past theories, drop certain
elements on the grounds of their outdatedness or undesirability,
and embellish or add others as more appropriate to present
conditions in order to come up with what they believe is the best
possible account of citizenship today. For example, military service
was an integral part of older views of citizenship, but has gradually
been dropped in more recent accounts. But some of the reasons
that made a willingness to die for one’s country an important part
27

Citizenship

of past theories of the good citizen, such as patriotism and a strong
identiﬁcation with one’s co-nationals, still ﬁgure as desirable
qualities of citizenship in many later accounts, as we shall see in
Chapter 3.
By contrast, empirical theories explore the social, economic, and
political processes that have fashioned the emergence of
citizenship in different times and places, and the ways this status
has been granted to different groups of people. These theories seek
to understand how and why citizenship arose in given
circumstances and took the forms it did. However, it would be
wrong to regard these accounts as purely explanatory. Implicitly or
explicitly, they are invariably motivated by a particular normative
ideal and focus on identifying the ways certain normative
possibilities were foreclosed or opened up. Indeed, normative
theories themselves play an independent role within any
explanatory theory of citizenship by legitimizing and shaping the
demands and actions of the various social and political actors who
create citizenship. So, people in ancient Greece and Rome had
very different views of the ideal of citizenship to ours and these
provided a justiﬁcation for the way these societies were organized.
But elaborations of these same ideals have also inspired many
later thinkers and activists – including some today – to militate for
changes to the way citizenship is practised or deﬁned within their
own very different societies.
This chapter cannot do justice to the full range of theories of either
type. Instead, I am going to concentrate on those theories that
feature most prominently in contemporary debates. I shall start by
looking at two historically important normative theories, their
subsequent elaboration, and their modern variants. As we shall
see, the dominant ‘models’ of citizenship are very much rooted in
ancient Greece and Rome, with these two ‘classic’ accounts
orientating much later thinking on the topic. I shall then turn to
the most inﬂuential empirical theories. These concern the
development of democratic citizenship within the nation states of
28

Western Europe. Yet these theories have often had a normative
purpose of their own: namely, to see the democratic, welfare states
that arose after the Second World War as partial realizations and
syntheses of various aspects of the two dominant normative
models of citizenship. The key debate, explored in much of the rest
of the book, is whether these normative models remain relevant as
spurs to further developing the scope and substance of citizenship
or reﬂect unattainable and possibly undesirable aspirations that
we would do well to renounce.

Two models of citizenship

The key feature of this view was the equality of citizens as rulers or
makers of the law. Along with the writings of defenders and
analysts of the Roman republic of c. 510–27 BC, the Greek model
and its Roman republican variants have inspired those theories of
citizenship that stress political participation as its deﬁning
element. By contrast, Pocock identiﬁes what he calls the Roman
model of citizenship with imperial Rome. The key feature of this
view of citizenship was equality under the law. As such, it could be
extended to all subjects of the Roman Empire. This account
inspires those later theories of citizenship that see equality of legal
status as its main element.
Clearly, to construct a history of the idea of citizenship around
these two models is overly schematic. However, it remains true
that later thinkers frequently refer back to them, be it to bemoan
29

Theories of citizenship and their history

In an important essay, the historian of ideas J. G. A. Pocock
observed how the Greek and Roman characterizations of
citizenship offer the classical models not only because they belong
to the ‘classical’ period of history but also in setting the terms of
much later debate on the subject. The so-called Greek model of
citizenship is drawn principally from the writings of Aristotle and
what we know of the political system in Athens and, to a lesser
extent, Sparta in the 5th and 4th centuries BC.

Citizenship

3. Aristotle, the theorist of the Greek model of citizenship

their passing, reﬁne and update them, or to denounce them and
advocate the need to begin afresh. In particular, much
contemporary thinking and theorizing about citizenship can be
roughly characterized as an attempt to elaborate on one or other
of them and possibly overcome the tensions between them. So,
even if dubious as history, it is a justiﬁable exercise in
historiography – or the tracing of how certain people have thought
30

about the past – to look at the citizenship tradition in Western
political thought through the lens of these two views.

Citizenship as equal participation: ancient Greece
and the Roman republic

To be a citizen it was necessary to be a male aged 20 or over, of
known genealogy as being born to an Athenian citizen family, to
be a patriarch of a household, a warrior – possessing the arms and
ability to ﬁght – and a master of the labour of others, notably
slaves. So gender, race, and class deﬁned citizenship, and as we
shall see in the next chapter, many of the main contemporary
debates turn on how far they continue to do so. As a result, large
numbers were excluded: women (though married Athenian
women were citizens for genealogical purposes); children;
immigrants, or ‘metics’ – including those whose families had been
settled in Athens for several generations (although they were
legally free, liable to taxation, and had military duties); and above
all, slaves. It is reckoned that the number of citizens in Athens
ﬂuctuated between 30,000 and 50,000, while the number of
slaves was of the order of 80,000 to 100,000. Therefore,
31

Theories of citizenship and their history

As I noted, the Greek model is largely inspired by the writings of
Aristotle, particularly his account of citizenship in The Politics,
written some time between 335 and 323 BC. Aristotle regarded
human beings as ‘political animals’ because it is in our nature to
live in political communities – indeed, he contended, only within a
polis, or city state, could human potential be fully realized.
However, people played the roles appropriate to what Aristotle
believed was their natural station in life, with only some qualifying
as polites, or citizens. Though neither the qualiﬁcations Aristotle
deemed appropriate for membership of this select group nor the
duties he expected of them are regarded as entirely suitable today,
they have cast a long shadow over the history of citizenship and
their fundamental rationale still underlies much contemporary
thinking.

Citizenship

citizenship was enjoyed by a minority, though a substantial one.
Yet, this was inevitable given the high expectations of citizens. For
their capacity to perform their not inconsiderable citizenly duties
rested on their everyday needs being looked after by the majority
of the population, particularly women and slaves.
Aristotle described as citizens ‘all who share in the civic life of
ruling and being ruled in turn’. Though he acknowledged that
what this entailed differed between polities and even between
different categories of citizen within the same city state, he
considered it to involve at some level ‘the right of sharing in
deliberative and judicial ofﬁce’. In Athens this meant at a
minimum participating in the Assembly, which met at least
40 times a year and required a quorum of 6,000 citizens for
plenary sessions, and, for citizens aged over 30, doing jury
service – again, a frequent responsibility given that juries
numbered 201 or more, and on some occasions over 501. All the
major issues came before the Assembly – declarations of war and
the concluding of peace, the forming of alliances, public order, and
ﬁnance and taxation. In addition, there were some 140 local
territorial units of government, or demes, and these constructed
their own agorae, or assembly points for public discussion of local
affairs and decrees. Unlike involvement in the assemblies, jury
service was at least paid. However, jurors were chosen by lot from
among those who presented themselves to discourage both its
becoming a regular income and jury packing.
Meanwhile, many citizens could not avoid also holding public
ofﬁce at some period. With the exception of generals, who were
elected by the Assembly and could serve multiple terms for as long
as they were successful, public ofﬁces were chosen by lot and
usually held for one or a maximum of two years. The aim of these
devices was to increase the likelihood that all would have an equal
chance of exercising political power, although the short terms of
ofﬁce and the checks operated by the different bodies on each
other meant this power was severely circumscribed. Citizens were
32

organized into 10 ‘tribes’ based on residence, with each selecting
50 councillors chosen by lot from among candidates elected by the
demes to sit in the Council of 500 for a year. They all served for a
tenth of their term on the Committee of 50, which proposed
legislation, and for one day as the president of the Committee.
Day-to-day administration was in the hands of some 1,200
‘magistrates’, chosen annually by lot from those who stood for
ofﬁce, with the period of service restricted to two terms. Although
all public ofﬁces were paid, selection by lottery and short terms
meant there could be no career politicians. Yet, citizenship itself, if
one adds military service and participation in local affairs, was a
fairly full occupation.

Aristotle acknowledged that such forms of citizenship were likely
to be possible only in fairly small states. That was important not
just so everyone could have a turn at ruling and to keep the tasks
of government sufﬁciently simple as to be manageable without a
professional bureaucracy or political class, but also because it was
33

Theories of citizenship and their history

Athens was unusual among Greek city states in being so
democratic. Indeed, Aristotle, who periodically resided in Athens
but was not born there and so not an Athenian citizen, expressed a
personal preference for systems that mixed democracy with
aristocratic and monarchical elements. However, even in those
systems that did so, citizenship remained fairly onerous. For
example, like his mentor Plato, Aristotle had a certain, if more
mooted, admiration for the much more austere citizenship code of
Sparta. By contrast to Athens, where the arts, philosophy, and the
cultivation of leisure were much admired, Sparta emphasized
military service above all else. Children were separated from their
families aged 7 and subjected to a rigorous training, and thereafter
were attached to a ‘mess’. Given that they still had to attend the
Assembly, Spartan citizens became even more permanent public
servants than their Athenian counterparts. In fact, it was precisely
their limited opportunities to develop private interests that Plato
in particular so admired.

Citizenship

only in smaller settings that the requisite civic virtues were likely
to be fostered. Although the Athenians probably invented the idea
of taking a vote to settle disagreements, unanimity was the ideal,
and it appears likely that most issues were settled by consensus – if
need be, following extended debate. Aristotle surmised that such
concord, or homonoia, depended on a form of civic friendship
among citizens that was likely to proceed only from living together
in a tightly knit community. Citizens must know each other, share
values, and have common interests. Only then are they likely to be
able to agree on which qualities are best for given ofﬁces and select
the right people for them, harmoniously resolve disputed rights,
and adopt collective policies unanimously. Even so, agreement
rested on citizens possessing a sense of justice, being temperate by
exercising self-control and avoiding extremes, having a capacity
for prudent judgement, being motivated by patriotism, so they put
the public good above private advantage, and being courageous
before danger, especially military threats. In sum, a citizen must
not belong ‘just to himself ’ but also to ‘the polis’.
Though in the Greek model citizenship was the privilege of a
minority, it provided a considerable degree of popular control over
government. Of course, we know that the Assembly and Council
tended to be dominated by the high born and wealthy. It is also
true that Aristotle’s ideal of concord was often far from the reality,
at least in Athens. There were persistent tensions between
different classes and factions. Disagreements there were often
bitter and personal, ending with the physical removal of
opponents through ostracism or even their execution on
trumped-up charges of treason. Nonetheless, in a very real sense
those people who qualiﬁed as citizens did rule, thereby giving us
the word ‘democracy’, from the Greek demokratia, or people
(demos) rule (kratos).
Unsurprisingly, Greek citizenship has appeared to many later
thinkers as the epitome of a true condition of political equality, in
which citizens have equal political powers and so must treat each
34

Both republican and imperial Rome offer important contrasts
in these respects. The Roman republican model of citizenship is
sometimes collapsed into the Greek model. But while there are
some similarities, there are also striking differences. Though
classes existed in Greek society, including among those who
qualiﬁed as citizens, the ideal of citizenship became classless
with the aspiration to ‘concord’, a product of putting class and
other private interests to one side. By contrast, the Roman
republic was born of class discord and the struggle of the
plebeians to obtain rights against the patricians. The key event in
35

Theories of citizenship and their history

other with equal concern and respect. They have viewed the trend
towards delegating political tasks to a professional class of
politicians and public administrators with foreboding, as
presaging a loss of political freedom and equality, and lamented
the – in their opinion – short-sighted tendency for ever more
citizens to desert public service to pursue personal concerns. By
contrast, critics of this model of citizenship argue that it was not so
much an ideal as hopelessly idealized. In reality, it was doubly
oppressive. On the one hand, it rested on the oppression of slaves,
women, and other non-citizens. On the other hand, it was
oppressive of citizens in demanding they sacriﬁce their private
interests to the service of the state. As we saw, the two forms of
oppression were linked: citizens could only dedicate themselves to
public life because their private lives were serviced by others. Both
have also been the mark of totalitarian regimes. The latter too
have typically treated non-citizens as less than fully human and
have demanded not just allegiance but also the total identiﬁcation
of citizens with the state, regarding all dissent as indicative of
self-interest rather than an alternative point of view or valid
concern. As well as being repressive, such systems tend to be
highly inefﬁcient – not least in diverting all talent away from the
private sphere of the economy on which the wealth of a society
rests. Contrary to what was intended, making the public sphere
the main avenue of personal advancement can lead to corruption
and the abuse of public power for private again.

Citizenship

this early history was the ‘secession’ of the plebeians to the
Aventine Hill in 494 BC, where they swore an oath of mutual
support to get the patricians to appoint ofﬁcials who would look
after their interests, a move that led to the creation of Tribunes of
the People, elected by a new Plebeian Council, who possessed the
power to veto the acts of other magistrates, including each other.
The Plebeian Council also dealt with civil litigation, though this
function fell with the creation of permanent courts, and most
importantly had the power to pass laws (plebiscita). Initially, these
laws applied only to the common people, but ultimately
encompassed all classes. Three other popularly elected assemblies
existed: one based on family clan groupings, one elected by
serving soldiers based on their legionary units, or centuries, and a
third based on tribal divisions. However, these exercised judicial
rather than legislative powers.
Despite being able to vote for and sit on all these bodies, as well as
being eligible to become Tribunes and magistrates, Roman
citizens never possessed anything like the political inﬂuence of
their Athenian counterparts. True power rested with the Senate.
While entry to the Senate ceased to depend on rank around
400 BC, being composed instead of popularly elected magistrates,
it was dominated by the patricians – especially among the higher
magistracy, particularly the Consuls who formed the executive.
The slogan Senatus Populusque Romanus (‘The Senate and the
Roman People’, frequently abbreviated to SPQR) suggested a
partnership between the Senate and the people within the popular
assemblies. In reality, Senate and people were always in tension,
with the inﬂuence of the plebeians waxing and waning depending
on their importance as support for different factions among the
patricians. As the historians of the Roman republic and, drawing
on them, Machiavelli and other later neo-Roman republican
theorists appreciated, this ongoing class conﬂict gave politics and
citizenship a much more instrumental character than the Greek
ideal of disinterested service to the public good. Although Roman
republicans such as Cicero characterized civic virtue in similar
36

terms to the Greeks, as selﬂess devotion to public duty, and
warned against the pursuit of riches as a source of corruption in
and out of ofﬁce, few were willing to emulate the modest farming
lifestyle of Cincinnatus, the model Roman republican hero, who
according to legend abandoned his plough to save the republic and
returned to it once the task was done. The Roman patriciate was
fabulously wealthy.

Theories of citizenship and their history

4. Machiavelli, the theorist of Roman republican citizenship
37

Citizenship

In Machiavelli’s eyes, the true lesson of the Roman experience was
that the selﬁsh interests of the aristocracy and the people could
only be restrained if each could counter the other. The republic
institutionalized such mutual restraint by ensuring no person or
institution could exercise power except in combination with at
least one other person or institution, so both could check and
balance each other. Accordingly, there were two Consuls, each able
to veto the other’s decisions, ten Tribunes with similar
countervailing powers, and so on, with none able to hold ofﬁce for
more than a year. The need to divide power in this way was
elaborated by later republican theorists. It was a key feature of the
city states of Renaissance Italy, especially Florence and Venice,
which inspired Machiavelli’s writings on the subject, and informed
the constitutional debates of the English Civil War of the 17th
century and the political arrangements of the Dutch republic into
the 18th century. In the work of the American Federalists,
especially Madison, the division of powers became a central
element of the US Constitution. Underlying this account was a
distinctively realist view of citizenship, which would be more
easily adaptable to modern democratic politics than the Greek
view. Instead of viewing the private interest and the public interest
as diametrically opposed, so that all elements of the ﬁrst had to be
removed from politics, the public interest emerged from the clash
and balancing of private interests. Consequently, citizens had
self-interested reasons to participate because they could only
ensure their concerns ﬁgured in any collective decisions so long as
they took part and were counted. Indeed, when we turn to the
descriptive theories, we shall see how modern citizenship has
largely developed from the struggles of different groups to have
their interests addressed on an equal basis to others.

Citizenship as equal legal status: from imperial Rome
to human rights
As the Roman republic became overlaid by the Empire, the link
between citizenship and private interests underwent a dramatic
38

According to the Aristotelian ideal, political citizenship had
depended on being freed from the burdens of economic and
social life – both in order to participate and to ensure that public
rather than private interests were the object of concern. By
contrast, legal citizenship has private interests and their
protection at its heart. Within Roman law, legal status belonged to
the owners of property and, by extension, their possessions. Since
these included slaves, a free person was one who owned himself.
So conceived, as in many respects it remains to this day, law was
about how we could use ourselves and our things and those of
others, and the use they may make of us and our things. As the
example of St Paul shows, the resulting privileges and immunities,
including the right to sue and be sued in given courts, were far
from trivial. However, that the rule of law can be detached from
the rule of persons, in that those subject to it do not have to be
39

Theories of citizenship and their history

change. Eligibility for Roman citizenship was at ﬁrst similar to the
criteria for Greek citizenship – citizens had to be native free men
who were the legitimate sons of other native free men. As Rome
expanded – initially within Italy, then over the rest of Europe, and
ﬁnally into Africa and Asia – two important innovations came
about. First, the populations of conquered territories were given a
version of Roman citizenship while being allowed to retain their
own forms of government, including whatever citizenship status
they offered. Second, the version of Roman citizenship given was
of a legal rather than a political kind – ‘civitas sine suffragio’, or
‘citizenship without the vote’. So, the Empire allowed dual
citizenship, though it reduced Roman citizenship to a legal status.
As a result, the legal and political communities pulled apart. The
scope of law went beyond political borders and did not need to be
co-extensive with a given territorial unit. To cite the famous case of
St Paul – on arrest in Palestine, he proudly declared himself ‘a Jew
of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city’. But not being
in Tarsus, it was his additional status as a Roman citizen that
allowed him to claim rights against arbitrary punishment, thereby
escaping a whipping, and to ask for trial in Rome.

Citizenship

involved in either its making or its administration, creates
disadvantages as well as advantages.
The advantage is that the legal community can, as we saw,
encompass a number of political communities and hold their
rulers and ofﬁcers to account, thereby limiting their discretion to
act against the law. Law can be universal in scope and extent,
enabling millions of dispersed individuals to pursue their private
interests by engaging and exchanging with each other across space
and, through such legal acts as bequests, through time, without
any direct contact. The disadvantage lies in these same citizens
becoming the imperial subjects of the law’s empire, who are ruled
by it rather than ruling themselves. Yet the rule of law is only ever
rule through law by some person or persons. Law can have many
sources and enforcers, and different laws and legal systems will
apply to different groups of persons and have differing costs and
beneﬁts for each of them. If law’s empire depends on an emperor,
then the danger is that law becomes a means for imperial rule
rather than rule of and for the public.
Of course, a tradition quickly emerged that identiﬁed the source
of law beyond the will of any human agent or agency – seeking it
instead in nature, God’s will or reason. These arguments offer
different intellectual constructions of what they claim to be the
fundamental law of all human associations. Such law supposedly
operates as a superior or higher law, which binds all political
rulers – be it an absolute monarch or the people themselves – and
trumps whatever laws they may pass. These depictions of
fundamental law have proved tremendously inﬂuential in
international law, especially human rights law, and lie behind
many arguments for domestic constitutions. They inform many of
the contemporary rights-based conceptions of citizenship explored
in Chapter 4. However, such accounts always come up against the
self-same problem that, as with ordinary law, only persons can
interpret and implement higher or fundamental law – that, as I
noted above, the rule of law is enacted through the rule of persons.
40

For example, the social contract theories of the 17th-century
English philosophers Thomas Hobbes and John Locke portray
41

Theories of citizenship and their history

Perhaps the most powerful of these intellectual constructions of
higher law – and probably the most inﬂuential among
contemporary legal and political theorists – sought to square the
circle by bringing together the rule of law and the rule of citizens
within the ideal of a social contract. Emerging in the 17th and 18th
centuries as an account of the justiﬁcation and limits of the
powers of the monarch within a state, it takes as its starting point
the equal status of human beings as proprietors of themselves and
co-possessors of the world. The underlying intuition is that a just
political and legal sovereign power would be one to which free and
equal individuals could be expected to unanimously consent. Such
consent, the theory goes, would be given only to a power that
offers fair and equitable mechanisms and rules for securing their
common interest to be able to pursue their own good in their own
way, freeing them from the uncertainties of mutual harm without
itself becoming a source of harm to them. In other words, it tries
to unite the political ideal of the equality of virtuous citizens, who
rule and are ruled in turn so as to uphold the public interest, with
the legal ideal of individuals as rights bearers, who pursue their
private interests protected by the rule of law. This argument does
not necessarily rest on any actual consent by citizens to generate
their obligation to obey a just sovereign. For many theorists in this
tradition, it is sufﬁcient that the political and legal system is so
organized that we could imagine all citizens ought to
hypothetically consent to it – or, at least, have no compelling
reason not to do so. The idea of a contract is simply a device for
thinking about which political and legal arrangements and
principles treat people equitably and justly. However, as with
theories of God-given or natural law, the terms of the contract are
likely to be viewed differently by different theorists, according to
the moral and empirical presuppositions they bring to bear in
their characterizations of human nature and the causal structure
of social relations.

Citizenship

quite different accounts of human nature and social relations,
producing divergent views of what we would consent to. For
Hobbes, human beings were apt to pursue their self-interest
aggressively and distrust others. Consequently, life outside the
state was ‘nasty, brutish and short’, and they were inclined to
consent to any sovereign power capable of offering them security
against the risks individuals posed to each other. By contrast,
Locke had a much more benign view of the human nature and was
inclined to believe that Hobbes underestimated the degree to
which state power might be an even greater danger to individual
liberty than other individuals. As he put it, Hobbes appeared ‘to
think, that men are so foolish, that they take care to avoid what
mischiefs may be done them by pole-cats, or foxes; but are content,
nay, think it safety, to be devoured by lions.’ He believed people
would only consent to a limited form of government. Such
differences as those between Hobbes and Locke indicate that there
are liable to be as many views of ‘higher law’ as there are theorists
of it. The disagreements among theorists mirror those between
citizens and return us once more to the dilemma that the source of
the rule of law will always lie within the rule of persons. That is,
that what the rule of law is thought to mean and how that law is
interpreted and applied always lies with people.

Modern democracy: uniting political
and legal citizenship?
This dilemma confronted the two great revolutions that
inaugurated the modern democratic era – the American
Revolution of 1776 and the French Revolution of 1789. Both
attempted to resolve it by seeing their constitutional settlements
as instances of an actual contract between citizens. So, the
putative authors of the American Constitution are ‘We the People
of the United States’, while the French Declaration of the Rights of
Man and the Citizen declares ‘the source of all sovereignty lies
essentially in the Nation’. However, these formulas preserve a

42

dualism between the ‘public’ political citizen, who acts as a
collective agent – the ‘people’ or the ‘nation’ – and the private,
‘legal’ citizen, who is the subject of the law and the possessor of
‘natural’ rights to liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness.
Civic virtue gets assigned to a single constitutional moment and
enshrined in the institutions that popular act creates, leaving
selﬁsh citizens to pursue their personal interests under the law.
Meanwhile, a tension between the two models remains. It is
doubtful that even the most well-designed institutions and laws
can economize too much on the virtues of citizens, or that citizens
feel they are ‘theirs’ if – the founding moment apart – they cannot
actively participate in shaping them.

43

Theories of citizenship and their history

The political and legal views of citizenship have come to be
associated with two traditions of political thought – the republican
and the liberal – with many accounts portraying the ﬁrst as having
been slowly displaced by the second. Whereas the republican
tradition tends to see liberty as the product of laws that citizens
have participated in creating for themselves, liberalism has tended
to view law as a necessary evil that should seek to preserve as
much of the natural liberty of individuals as is compatible with
social life. Nevertheless, such intellectual constructions need to be
handled with care. For a start, there have there been numerous
varieties of republicanism and liberalism – as we saw, for example,
the Greek and Roman views of republican citizenship contained
numerous differences, and both these views were subsequently
adapted in different ways by later thinkers. Moreover, the two
traditions have not only co-existed but became increasingly mixed
with the development of democratic nation states during the 19th
and 20th centuries. Lying midway between a city state and an
empire, the nation state emerged as their most viable
alternative – able to combine certain key advantages while
avoiding their disadvantages. If the polis was too small to survive
the military encroachments of empires, the empire was too large
to allow for meaningful political participation. The nation state

Citizenship

5. a) Uniting political and legal citizenship: the US Constitution

had sufﬁcient size to sustain both a complex economic
infrastructure and an army, while being not so large as to make a
credible – if less participatory – form of democracy impossible. As
a result, it became subject to pressures to create a form of
citizenship that could successfully integrate popular and legal rule
by linking political participation and rights with membership of a
national democratic political community. It is this development
that informs the sociological theories of citizenship, to which we
now turn.
44

Theories of citizenship and their history

5. b) The French Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen

The making of modern democratic citizenship
The sociologists T. H. Marshall and Stein Rokkan established
what has become the standard narrative of the evolution of
modern democratic citizenship. This account draws on their
45

Citizenship

analysis of the history of West European democracies in the 18th,
19th, and 20th centuries. They saw citizenship as the product of
the interrelated processes of state-building, the emergence of
commercial and industrial society, and the construction of a
national consciousness, with all three driven forward in various
ways by class struggle and war. Though these three processes
tended to be phased, each provided certain of the preconditions
for bringing together popular and legal rule within the new
context of democratic, welfare, nation states operating within a
capitalist market economy.
The ﬁrst, state-building, phase consisted of administrative,
military, and cultural uniﬁcation at the elite level, accompanied by
territorial consolidation and the creation of an elementary,
state-wide bureaucratic and legal infrastructure. This phase
created a sovereign political body possessing authority over all
activities within a given territorial sphere, with those people
residing within it becoming its legitimate subjects. The second
phase saw the emergence of commercial and industrial economies.
This process led to the creation of the infrastructural public goods
required by market economies, such as a uniﬁed transport system,
a standardized system of weights and measures and a single
currency, and the establishment of a regular and unitary legal
system. Markets also gradually broke down traditional social
hierarchies and systems of ascribed status, fostering freedom of
contract and equality before the law – particularly with regard to
civil and economic rights. The third, nation-making, phase
involved the socialization of the masses into a national
consciousness suited to a market and industrial economy by
means of compulsory education, linguistic standardization, a
popular press, and conscript armies. These promoted a common
language and guaranteed standards of numeracy and literacy
appropriate for a mobile workforce capable of acquiring the
generic skills needed for industry. They also helped create affective
bonds between both co-nationals themselves and citizens and
their state.
46

In a brilliant essay, T. H. Marshall argued that the citizenship
potential offered by the emergence of national markets and nation
states had been unleashed by a succession of class struggles.
Drawing on the British experience, he contended that there had
been three periods in the historical evolution of citizenship. Each
period had witnessed the acquisition of a different set of rights
and duties by citizens as a given group struggled to attain equal
status as a full member of the community. The ﬁrst period,
roughly from the 17th to mid-19th centuries, saw the consolidation
of the civil rights needed to engage in a range of social and
economic activities, from the freedoms to own property and
exchange goods, services, and labour required by a functioning
market, to the liberties of thought and conscience necessary to
attend a chosen church and to express dissent. The second period,
extending from the end of the 18th century to the start of the 20th,
coincided with the gaining of political rights to vote and stand for
47

Theories of citizenship and their history

The net effect of these three processes was to create a ‘people’, who
were entitled to be treated as equals before the law and possessed
equal rights to buy and sell goods, services, and labour; whose
interests were overseen by a sovereign political authority; and who
shared a national identity that shaped their allegiance to each
other and to their state. All three elements became important for
democratic citizenship. The ﬁrst provided the basis for regarding
all persons as entitled to the equal protection of the laws – a
condition people came to see was unlikely to obtain without an
equal right to frame them. The second created a community of
interest, most particularly in controlling sufﬁciently those running
the state to ensure that the rulers responded to and promoted the
concerns of the ruled rather than oppressing them. The third led
citizens to consider themselves as a people, sharing certain
common values and various special obligations towards one
another. It also fashioned the context for a public sphere in which
people could communicate with each other using a common idiom
and according to rules and practices that were broadly known and
accepted.

The Six Points
or THE

PEOPLE'S

CHARTER.
&
£
g3

1. A vrne. for «very man twenty-one yean* of. a#e, of tjoiniil
mind, and not nnderpoiHjr punishment for crime.
2. THB RAI.UIT.—To pmtect the elector in the eierciso nf
Ins vote.
3. No PwH'tirrr QUALIFICATION for Meinltcn of Parlinmeiit
—thus enabling the constituencies to return the man of their
t hoiec, be hfl rich or poor.
4. PAYMENT OP MBMBER*, thus enabling nn lionest rrndnman, ivoi-kiiu; man, or other person, to norvi- n eoiiBtitiiency,'
whun tjikcn from Itis business to attend to the interests of the
country.
5. IVJUAI. CoXHTlTVBIfviBt, seciiring tin- MHIIIP amonnt (if
rpiiTTnentfttion tin- tlic ^anie number of ek'i'tors, hittnu] of
itlfmvinjr small cmutitaenaicfl to swamp the voti>s of large itm-s.
6. ANNI;AI. ['ARMAUENTM, thiiM (ircscntinij the inont effrettiuJ
i;heck to bribery and intimidiitifin, uinct- tlnnifjh u con*titiii-iii-\might be bonjfht once in seven ycurx (even with the bullnU, no
(nimc could btiv a eormtituency (under n KVKICIH of iinm-rcal
suffrage) in each eiinuinn tvrelvemontli; m'icl ninec meinlnTs,
when elected tbr_u year only, would imt he nbte to duty tnti]
betray their constituent* ius now.
6. The People's Charter, demanding political rights for working people
in 19th-century Britain

election, first by all property owners, then all adult males, and
finally women as well. The third period, going from the end of the
19th to the mid-2 Oth century, involved the creation of social
rights. Initially, these had consisted simply of'the right to a
modicum of economic welfare and security' but had gradually
48

been extended ‘to the right to share to the full in the social
heritage and to live the life of a civilised being according to the
standards prevailing in society’. So these rights came to include
not only social insurance against unemployment or debilitating
illness, but also more extensive rights to education, at least up to
secondary school, and to health care and pensions.

49

Theories of citizenship and their history

Marshall’s account has come in for considerable criticism. Some
have argued that he overlooks the role played by external
pressures in promoting rights, others that even in Britain the three
sets of rights neither arose in quite the order or periods that he
mentions, nor proved quite as complementary as he assumed.
Thus, social rights have emerged in most countries before rather
than after political rights – indeed, they were often offered by the
politically dominant class of the time as a way of damping down
demands for political rights. Social rights can also clash with
certain civil rights, such as the right to property. However, these
corrections to the details of his argument are perfectly compatible
with its underlying logic, which remains compelling. Although
Marshall has sometimes been read as suggesting that there is an
almost inevitable progression from civil to political to ever fuller
social rights, this was not his view. He saw the acquisition of rights
as a contingent and never-ending struggle. Each phase in the
development of rights stems from a subordinate group managing
to win concessions from those with power in their ﬁght to be
treated with equal concern and respect. In these ways, legal
citizenship was altered to encompass new groups through the
formal or informal exercise of political citizenship, often by
exploiting existing legal rights to gain others. Success in each case
came from the ruling classes needing the voluntary cooperation of
the ruled to retain their authority. Since different groups can take
advantage of different circumstances, the development of
citizenship naturally has differed from country to country. For
example, the need for mass conscript armies during the First and
Second World Wars, and, in consequence, for women’s labour to
run the domestic economy, aided considerably the acquisition of

Citizenship

political and social rights by men and women in many European
countries in this period. Yet, in countries such as Spain, Portugal,
and Switzerland which remained outside these conﬂicts, these
pressures were absent. As a result, in these countries changes to
women’s status came by a different and much slower route.
Writing in the 1950s, when the economies of West European
countries were in the ascendant and welfare spending expanding,
it was natural for Marshall to treat social rights as the culmination
of the struggle for an ever more inclusive and egalitarian form of
citizenship. Needless to say, subsequent events have tended to
challenge that optimistic conclusion. It is not just that many
aspects of the post-war welfare settlements Marshall celebrated
became eroded during the economic downturn and restructuring
of the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. Many of the economic and social
assumptions on which this settlement rested have also been
criticized by those seeking to further expand rather than curtail
citizenship. Environmentalists have attacked the emphasis on
increasing economic production, feminists its continued
overlooking of the subordinate role of women in the labour
market, multiculturalists the failure to even mention issues of
ethnicity, cosmopolitans its focus on the nation state, and so on.
As with the criticisms of Marshall’s historical narrative, these
observations do not necessarily contradict the main thrust of his
argument. They merely indicate how each attempt to realize a
form of equal citizenship generates its own unanticipated
shortcomings and problems – producing new struggles over the
way the political community, rights, and participation are deﬁned.
It is these three sets of struggles and the ways they are altering
citizenship that form the subject of the next three chapters. In two
respects, current developments may be undermining Marshall’s
schema. First, legal citizenship has become ever more autonomous
from political citizenship as globalization erodes the nation state
without creating alternative political communities capable of
providing a focus for participation in the promotion of collective
50

51

Theories of citizenship and their history

goods. For example, international organizations such as the World
Bank, the World Trade Organization, and the International
Monetary Fund regulate a great deal of international trade, but
citizens can control them only very indirectly through their
governments. Moreover, such bodies are subject to international
law and courts which have very little political accountability at all.
Even the EU, which does have direct elections to a special
European Parliament, is to a large degree under the control of
government executives, on the one hand, and the European Court
of Justice, on the other. As Chapter 4 will show, citizenship has
been increasingly deﬁned in terms of global human rights to deal
with this development. However, the absence of a political
dimension suggests that it offers a somewhat second-rate account
of what being a citizen involves. Second, and to some extent
relatedly, those with power and wealth have become increasingly
able to operate without the consent of the comparatively poor and
powerless. The more mobile the wealthy become, the harder it is
to control their activities and to tax them so they contribute to
public goods. As a consequence of these two developments, the
capacity for citizenship to be shaped through processes of struggle
may have declined.

Chapter 3
Membership and belonging

Membership lies at the heart of citizenship. To be a citizen is to
belong to a given political community. However, this link with
membership renders citizenship ‘exclusive’ in ways that have
become increasingly controversial. It makes citizens part of a
select group, who enjoy privileges denied to non-members.
Just as members of an exclusive golf club can use its greens and
facilities in ways non-members cannot, so possessing the status
of a citizen gives you access to the advantages of membership
of a given political community. And just as the rules regulating
the membership of golf clubs has often attracted criticism for
being inappropriate or discriminatory, so have those conferring
the status of citizenship. Indeed, many of the grounds for
complaint have been remarkably similar – just as golf clubs have
been condemned for limiting membership to well-born, white,
rich men, so birth, ethnicity, wealth, and gender have formed
the standard – and increasingly contested – criteria for
citizenship.
Much like exclusive golf clubs, states have typically justiﬁed their
exclusions on the grounds that prospective members must be able
to contribute in appropriate ways and ‘ﬁt in’ with existing
members and the prevailing ethos. If golf clubs vet prospective
members for their ability to pay the fees, prowess at golf,
willingness to abide by the club rules and conventions, and their
52

The necessity and unavoidability of living in a state makes the
exclusivity associated with citizenship doubly problematic. First, it
seems invidious to exclude those who are subject to a given state’s
power from full membership, possessing the same rights as other
citizens. Second, given that the state you initially ﬁnd yourself in is
an accident of birth, it may seem equally invidious to hinder
people moving to become members of a different state that offers
them better opportunities, if they are willing to take on the duties
as well as enjoy the rights of citizenship. In this chapter, I want to
explore these internal and external dimensions of the
exclusiveness of citizenship. I shall start by exploring the rationale
for the traditional qualiﬁcations based on class, property, gender,
and ethnicity and the internal challenges that have been posed to
53

Membership and belonging

general sociability and likely commitment to club events, so states
assess citizens for their potential contribution to the collective
goods of the community and their readiness and capacity to abide
by its norms and customs. In each case, suspicion arises that the
criteria for admission are self-serving and fail to treat all
applicants with equal concern and respect. However, an
all-important difference exists between golf clubs and political
communities. Membership of a political community is for most
people both necessary and unavoidable in ways that membership
of a golf club is not. The decision to take up golf is a matter of
choice, and even dedicated golfers can probably manage to play
regularly without belonging to a club or learn to live without it. By
contrast, it is virtually impossible not to live in a state. States not
only cover most of the earth, but also – as we saw in
Chapter 1 – provide the basic structure for a secure and fulﬁlled
life within societies of any complexity. Statelessness almost always
results when state failure of one kind or another leads people to
ﬂee – be it due to invasion and conquest by another state, civil war,
famine, or an oppressive regime. Those in this condition do not
live outside any state. Rather, they are forced to become
supplicants for whatever aid and support those states willing to
receive them, or unable to avoid doing so, condescend to provide.

each. I shall then examine the exclusion of particular categories of
outsiders, setting the scene for a more extensive discussion of
global citizenship as going beyond membership of any particular
nation or state in Chapter 4. In both cases, much turns on what
the duties of citizenship are thought to involve and whether
membership requires citizens not simply to play their part but also
to belong in some fashion that goes beyond mere duty. As we shall
see, the development – charted at the end of the last chapter – of
national, democratic, welfare states as the main context for
citizenship has allowed the criteria for membership to become
progressively more inclusive internally, while remaining externally
exclusive.

Citizenship

From subject to citizen: the internal dimension
of inclusion and exclusion
I remarked in Chapter 2 how the criteria for citizenship in ancient
Greece have cast a long shadow, deﬁning many of the key
attributes of the citizen for almost 2,000 years. The Athenian
citizen was a householder and property owner, a master of the
labour of others, a warrior, of Athenian blood, and male. It seems
natural to reject these qualiﬁcations out of hand today as
unwarranted and discriminatory. Many citizens do not possess any
of these qualities – indeed, most citizens lack, or at some stage
have lacked, several of them. Yet, there is an underlying rationale
to the association of citizenship with these attributes which
continues to shape how we think about what it means to be a
citizen. So it is worth taking each in turn and pondering how far
the reasoning lying behind their historical linkage with citizenship
still applies, even if we would no longer relate such arguments to
these speciﬁc qualities. I shall start with those related to property
ownership and then move on to those linked to gender and
ethnicity. As we shall see, a more inclusive view of citizenship has
largely turned on breaking the connection between these three
criteria and the qualities associated with being a citizen.
54

Property and the properties of citizenship

These three properties of dedication to the public good,
independence, and possession of a stake in the political
community remain important for thinking about politics, but over
time the qualities associated with them have become detached
from the possession of private property. In fact, there has been a
general reversal of assumptions: instead of private autonomy
being the basis of public autonomy in the political realm, political
participation and the regulation of the private sphere have become
the guarantees of personal freedom. So, to take the ﬁrst property
of devotion to the public good, we still want to prevent politics
55

Membership and belonging

In ancient Greece, being the patriarch of a household was much
more than simply owning a home. The house was the basic
component of the economy – indeed, the term ‘economy’ derives
from the Greek words for household (oikos) and rules (nomos). To
be a householder signiﬁed being economically self-sufﬁcient, with
one’s material needs taken care of by a range of domestic servants,
not least one’s wife as an unpaid household manager. Three
features of this condition were deemed important for politics.
First, as I mentioned in the last chapter, it meant that citizens
could devote themselves to their civic duties, being freed from the
need to earn a livelihood. Less plausibly, they were also supposedly
above any need to pursue their private interests. Second, they were
not only freed from a dependency on things but also from being
the dependants of other people. Indeed, they owned others. Of
course, they still needed food and so on to survive, and relied on
others to provide the necessary goods. But they could direct those
others as they chose, sell them if they failed to act as they wished,
and so on. Unlike their dependants, they were independent – able
to act and think as they believed best rather than as those on
whom they depended for their living directed. Finally, it meant
they literally had a stake in the political community, with their
fate – or at least that of their assets – intimately bound to its fate,
to the extent of being willing to ﬁght and possibly die for their
country.

Citizenship

being a source of personal gain and becoming either entangled
with the private interests of citizens and politicians or having to
compete with them for their attention.
However, the way we seek to stop this happening today completely
overturns earlier accounts. For example, in line with the thinking
that private wealth was a prerequisite for disinterested public
service, it was generally thought inappropriate to pay politicians
salaries well into the 19th century. Indeed, in Britain it formally
remains the case at the local level: it was not until 1974 that a
scheme was introduced for paying local councillors allowances for
performing various tasks, though subsequent reforms have turned
these into salaries in all but name. The aim was to prevent the
development of a professional class of politicians. On the one
hand, professionalizing politics was thought to undermine the
system of citizens taking it in turns to rule and be ruled, creating a
political class with a distinct set of sectional interests to those they
governed. On the other hand, it was feared payment would turn
public service into a means for private enrichment rather than a
matter of civic duty – that, as the German sociologist Max Weber
put it, politicians would live ‘off ’ rather than ‘for’ politics. Of
course, the ﬂaw in this argument was that politicians could gain
far more from making decisions favouring their business interests
or those of their friends than any salary. Meanwhile, it effectively
debarred those without private wealth from public ofﬁce.
Gradually, starting with those holding government positions,
thinking on this score changed to quite the opposite – that a public
salary, albeit one often far lower than many politicians could earn
in the private sector, was the best means for freeing politicians
from their private obligations. Likewise, making politics a
profession gave politicians an incentive to develop their political
skills and live ‘for’ politics, achieving success by showing they
could lead and act for the public interest.
The innovation that made these changes possible was
representative democracy and the system of competing parties.
56

What about self-interest? A common, if not necessarily accurate,
criticism of democracy is that citizens vote in self-interested and
possibly short-sighted ways. Such considerations have been
invoked for curtailing the scope for democratic decision-making
and handing certain areas to an allegedly more disinterested and
public-spirited elite of ‘the great and the good’. Again, we shall
return to these issues in Chapter 5. Here it sufﬁces to note that
while these concerns still linger, they no longer form a barrier to
becoming a citizen – merely to what citizens may be allowed to do.
True, there have been arguments that those who draw welfare
should be barred from voting because their private interest is
closely allied to increasing public spending to which they do not
contribute, though in fact this group is among the least likely to
vote and has the least inﬂuence in society generally. Yet, many
have argued that the public interest simply is the aggregate
interests of the citizens. Certainly, as we saw in the last chapter,
there is a real danger that unless those subject to government are
allowed to express their interests politically then they will be
overlooked. So rather than seeing the public interest as apart from
the private interests of citizens, as was argued in the past, it seems
57

Membership and belonging

This development also had implications for the demands placed
on citizens. Citizens remain eligible as potential rulers in being
able to put themselves forward as candidates for ofﬁce. But public
service is no longer expected of the vast majority of citizens.
Instead, the main task for citizens is to select rulers. It is the
competition between parties and their alternation in ofﬁce that
allows different groups of citizens, via their elected
representatives, to rule and be ruled in turn. The key issue for
membership is no longer whether a potential citizen is qualiﬁed to
rule but rather whether they are qualiﬁed to vote and to evaluate
the suitability of others for public ofﬁce. By making political
participation far less onerous it comes within the grasp of almost
all adults, even though some have argued it thereby becomes so
devalued as to be worthless, a point we shall consider in Chapter 5.
However, lack of time no longer forms a barrier.

Citizenship

more appropriate now to regard the two as linked, with the one
informed by the other, promoting a sense among citizens that
their interests are linked to those of the community as a whole.
A similar reversal of assumptions has overturned traditional
thinking concerning the second property of the good citizen,
independence. Again, the classical view that those who depend on
others for their livelihood will lack independence prevailed up to
the 19th century, justifying the exclusion of the vast mass of
people. However, it had become plain much earlier that this view
rested on an anachronistic understanding of the conditions for
economic and social ‘independence’ that none could enjoy. As
early as the late 18th century, the Scottish philosopher Adam
Smith criticized Jean-Jacques Rousseau’s radical defence of the
classical position by noting how a central feature of the
intensifying of the division of labour allowed by the emerging
market society, of which the professionalization of politics was but
one example, was that we all became dependent on each other. A
‘free man’ could no longer be someone who was self-sufﬁcient, the
master of an autonomous economic system represented by the
household. As civic republican theorists, such as Machiavelli and
Rousseau, had always feared, a desire for luxury goods destroyed
such independence even for those with considerable wealth. Yet,
as Smith pointed out, the universality of mutual dependence also
had a certain levelling effect. It created both a normative and a
practical foothold for the equalizing of status in both a formal and
a substantive sense. In market economies, we all do rather
specialist jobs and depend on numerous others to supply our
needs. But none of these others are our personal dependants, and
it is hard to imagine a situation in a globally organized and
complex economy where they could become so. Instead, we must
all – even the fabulously rich and powerful – freely contract with
others for their goods, labour, and services. In these circumstances
of universal mutual dependence, independence is no longer a
matter of private wealth but a public achievement of the laws and
structures that regulate the conditions under which we contract
58

with others. Since these regulations apply to all, there is a
normative presumption that the terms of our mutual dependency
should be fair and acknowledge reciprocal rights and duties of
equal respect and concern.

Of course, even with this public support, there may be some who
remain in a natural state of dependency. Children are excluded
from full citizenship on the grounds that they have yet to develop
the capacity of independent reasoning or living on their own, and
are necessarily dependent on the views and support of their
parents. The mentally ill or disabled tend to be excluded on
similar grounds. Even these categories of exclusion have prompted
controversy. However, on the whole, criticism has been about grey
areas, such as whether children become capable of intellectual and
economic independence – and hence should qualify for the
vote – at 21, 18, or, as has been recently proposed in the UK, 16,
59

Membership and belonging

In Chapter 2, I noted that the idea of political society as itself the
product of a contract offers a powerful theoretical tool for
modelling such a fair social and political system. Freedom of
contract also had important practical consequences, eventually
allowing workers to organize and use their bargaining power to
equalize ﬁrst the terms and conditions of their employment and
then their legal standing in other areas too, including politics. The
key became to ensure all citizens could make decisions for
themselves rather than having to defer to another’s opinion
because they depended on them entirely for their livelihood and
information. At least a part of the rationale behind rights to
education and welfare, for example, is that they secure people’s
independence as citizens by removing such dependence. The
former enables citizens to access and assess information for
themselves, the latter means they are never entirely at the mercy of
another for the necessities of life. Moreover, the justiﬁcation for
publicly supporting these measures stems from duties of
reciprocity between citizens that again follow from their condition
of mutual dependence.

rather than as a result of rejecting the notion of independence
outright.

Citizenship

Just as private property no longer seems a guarantee of devotion
to the public good or independence, so – for related reasons – it
can also be questioned how well it serves the third property of
citizenship and provides evidence of a stake in the political
community. Again, this argument persisted well into the 19th
century. For example, it was at the heart of one of the earliest
discussions of the principle of votes for all – the Putney Debates of
1647 during the English Civil War.

7. The Putney Debates, October to November 1647
60

However, if property is a poor guide to whether a citizen’s interests
are tied to those of the political community, some sign of
long-term commitment does seem appropriate. After all, citizens
not only derive beneﬁts from the state but also can inﬂuence its
61

Membership and belonging

Certain factions in the army that had supported Parliament
against the King believed that even common soldiers had earned a
right to political liberty. In a famous defence of political equality,
Colonel Rainsborough, the most articulate of the ‘Leveller’ faction,
as it came to be known, argued ‘that the poorest he that is in
England hath a life to live, as the greatest he; and therefore . . . the
poorest man in England is not bound in a strict sense to that
government that he hath not had a voice to put himself under’. The
response of the ‘grandees’ gathered around Cromwell reﬂected the
conventional wisdom of the time. Speaking on their behalf, Henry
Ireton retorted that ‘no person hath a right to an interest or share
in the disposing of the affairs of the kingdom, and in determining
or choosing those that shall determine what laws we shall be ruled
by here – . . . that hath not a permanent ﬁxed interest in this
kingdom’. And, he implied, the most tangible sign of such ‘a
permanent ﬁxed interest’ was ownership of part of its territory – in
other words, landed property. Yet, the link between property
ownership and a concern with the long-term interests of the wider
community has always been a contingent and partial one, and in
today’s globalized economy where key assets are owned by foreign
investors has become even more dubious. It all depends how far
the owners will beneﬁt from any positive effects their use of those
assets may have for their fellow citizens or share with them any ill
effects of their activities. Unfortunately, this is often not the case
and they can gain more from exploiting their property in ways that
damage the ‘permanent ﬁxed interests’ of the wider community.
The classic example is pollution. Unless environmentally friendly
policies beneﬁt the owners of a company – either by enhancing
their proﬁts or because they themselves are adversely affected by
unfriendly policies – then they will have no incentive to pursue
them, and indeed often do not for this very reason.

Citizenship

future shape through the decisions they make. Many states have
therefore made a signiﬁcant period of continuous residence a
criterion for full citizenship – not just for immigrants wishing to
naturalize, but also for those who are citizens by birth, with the
latter losing certain rights if they choose to reside elsewhere.
Certainly, residence offers a more tangible sign than property
ownership that one is committed to pursuing policies that will not
adversely affect fellow citizens because they will impact equally on
you.
Nevertheless, a problem remains – to be explored below – that
those affected by many state policies may reside outside its
borders. Environmental measures once again offer a telling
example. Thus, a policy forcing factories to construct tall
chimneys, say, may be good news for local residents, but effectively
exports the noxious emissions to those living across the border. As
a result, some have argued that we should be treated as citizens of
whatever political organization affects us. However, whereas
sharing a reasonably delimited territorial space means we will be
affected to a fairly substantial degree by the whole range of
government measures, only a few selective policies will have a
signiﬁcant impact on those outside the borders. True, even within
states there is some differentiation between issues that are best
decided at a local level, because they can be most effectively
organized by and need only affect a fairly small region, such as
dustbin collection, and issues that are decided nationally, such as
defence.
Moreover, in Britain and other countries, many people qualify as
local citizens on the basis of residence, and vote in local elections,
even if they do not meet the more demanding criteria for national
citizenship. Yet, consideration is given to the knock-on effects of
local policies for national ones and vice versa by virtue of the
national political community encompassing the local, with full
citizens having voting rights in both. By contrast, giving Danish
citizens, say, a vote on certain British environmental policies
62

because measures such as tall chimneys result in acid rain that
pollutes their lakes, would be inequitable if they were able to
distort the political agenda so that spending on environmental
protection to beneﬁt Danes undermined national health or
educational policies beneﬁting British citizens as a whole. Such
problems might be got round if one could regard issues that affect
a global political community as somehow encompassing national
policies, but as the experience of the EU suggests, matters are not
so neat.

63

Membership and belonging

Meanwhile, mere residence or being affected may not in
themselves offer a sufﬁcient stake in a political community to
motivate people to try and ensure that its policies are efﬁcient and
effective if they do not have to pay for them. When the American
colonists declared independence, they did so in large part on the
basis of the slogan that there should be ‘no taxation without
representation’. But, as I noted above, it was long thought that the
reverse should equally hold true – that those who did not pay taxes
ought not to be represented. Otherwise, they would have no
motive to encourage governments to pursue cost-effective policies.
Similar reasoning has led some to argue that one should
disenfranchise the elderly, who may have incentives not to save for
the future – say, by greatly raising spending on their pensions,
which are paid for by the subsequent generation. Of course, most
pensioners have children and hence an interest in their future.
Likewise, those on welfare gain in other ways from efﬁcient
government policies and have an interest in the economy
remaining strong enough to be able to pay their beneﬁts.
Moreover, many argue that they have a duty to at least be potential
contributors to state revenues by being available for work, willing
to go on training courses, and so on. Such arguments lie behind
workfare or ‘mutual obligation’ schemes in the United States,
Canada, and Australia. This view that to qualify for citizenship you
should be not just affected by policies but also contribute to
sustaining them follows from the notion of reciprocity that lies at
the heart of national welfare states – that citizens cooperate to

Citizenship

sustain the public goods that are provided by a political
association. Criminals are excluded from citizenship precisely on
the grounds that they have broken this social contract, though this
practice has become increasingly controversial – especially in the
United States, where convicted felons are sometimes
disenfranchised permanently and not just for the period of their
imprisonment.
For a long time the most tangible sign of a willingness to align
one’s interests with the state and do one’s bit to uphold it was
military service. Moreover, republican theorists worried that if
rulers could use mercenaries or create a professional army, then
they would be able to dominate the ruled. A citizen’s army was a
necessary complement to democracy to keep rulers in check. Note,
this argument does not imply an individual ‘right’ to bear arms so
much as a citizen’s duty to participate in the defence of the
country – a point implicit in the Second Amendment to the US
Constitution’s association of this right with the need for a
‘well-regulated militia’, though lost in subsequent debates. All
these ideas lay behind the Levellers’ demands reported above. So,
it may seem odd to include this topic under the heading of
property. Yet, in ancient and medieval times, the only warriors
who counted were those who could arm themselves or raise and
fund an army from among their dependants. Even as armies
became professionalized during the 17th and 18th centuries, few
ordinary soldiers enlisted willingly but had to be coerced into
service and had to purchase their weapons from their pay. Once
again, a major change came about in the late 19th and early 20th
centuries with the need for mass armies. The introduction of
universal male adult suffrage and the conscription of all ﬁt adult
males more or less went hand in hand. Requiring the ultimate
sacriﬁce without granting some say over when it might be
demanded and what one was ﬁghting for became untenable,
particularly in light of the mass slaughter of the First World War.
This event reafﬁrmed the importance of the old republican view of
citizenship and military service, albeit in a much more inclusive
64

form that once again de-privatized the right to bear arms by
disassociating it from having property in one’s weapons.
Meanwhile, it has become ever more redundant as wars have
returned to being fought by professional armies and even to rely
on private security ﬁrms, though this development potentially
revives the classic republican worries about the separation of
citizenship and the right and duty to ﬁght.

Gender and the feminist critique
Many of the traditional attributes of citizenship have been
associated with male roles, such as soldiering, from which women
were excluded. This fact has produced a two-pronged feminist
critique of the way citizenship has come to be deﬁned and
practised. First, feminists have argued that the public practice of
citizenship has often rested on the private domination of women.
Second, they have argued that citizenship has been conceived in
terms of masculine qualities.
The ﬁrst criticism is undeniable. Both in the past and to some
extent today, men have turned women into personal dependants,
whom they can treat as unpaid domestic servants and direct as
they will. Economic dependency resulting from the man being the
main ‘bread-winner’ and, up to the 19th century, coming into
possession of his wife’s assets on marriage, was often reinforced
by coercion, including the legally sanctioned use of physical
force – marital rape, for example, was not recognized in law or
criminalized until well into the 20th century in many
65

Membership and belonging

Like all the other shifts noted above, this change initially affected
men alone. Moreover, it was accompanied by, and largely
assumed, a more thoroughgoing cultural identiﬁcation with the
state stemming from nationality – only patriots, it was thought,
would be prepared to die for their country. Accordingly, the rest of
this section explores how far the criteria for citizenship explored
so far involve a gender and cultural bias.

Citizenship

jurisdictions. Control of women’s domestic labour allowed ‘male’
jobs, including politics, to be so structured that the maintenance
of a home and raising a family became factored out as not being a
post-holder’s responsibility. Despite major legislative changes over
the past 100 years – from women obtaining equal voting rights to
men in almost all established democracies by the mid-20th
century, to anti-discrimination and equal pay legislation passed
during the second half of that century – caring roles remain
largely unpaid and under-supported, and still fall mainly to
women. As a result, women predominate in low-paid, part-time
jobs, and are under-represented and less well rewarded in most
senior management positions. A recent survey in the UK revealed
that women who work part-time earn, on average, 38% less per
hour than men working full-time. Even women working full-time
earn 17% less per hour relative to full-time men. Politics is no
exception – indeed, it performs rather worse than many
professions. Fewer than 20% of British Members of Parliament
are women, for example, and – at the time of writing – only 5 out
of the 22 paid members of the Cabinet, the 23rd unpaid member
being the female Minister for Housing. With the exception of the
Scandinavian countries, where women comprise around 40% of
the legislature, most democracies fare little better – indeed many,
such as the United States, where only 16% of national politicians
are women, do considerably worse.
How can this situation be altered, and what are its implications for
how we think about politics? In particular, does de-gendering
citizenship involve a distinctively feminist approach to politics?
The claim that we require a new approach typically centres on the
feminist slogan ‘the personal is the political’. At one level, this
points to the need for a change of social attitudes that involves
action outside the formal channels of politics – for example,
through women challenging male assumptions that child care or
cleaning are ‘women’s’ work, that is either beneath them or for
which they are somehow unsuited. At another level, it indicates
how we cannot see politics as resting on a pre-political private
66

sphere. On the contrary, politics and its preconditions are
themselves politically and publicly constructed. Marriage, after all,
is a legal relationship and the law can enter the bedroom to decree
rape unlawful. Likewise, ensuring employers have an obligation to
grant maternity and paternity leave and providing state funding
for child care are public measures that will to some degree
restructure personal relationships. Both of these developments
will clearly help women participate as citizens and politicians,
hopefully altering prejudices to choosing women candidates and
making the political workplace more compatible with men and
women sharing domestic and family responsibilities. Equally
clearly, as the ﬁgures reported above indicate all too starkly,
change will only come with sustained and concerted public effort,
and even then will be painfully slow.

67

Membership and belonging

Signiﬁcant though both these ways of conceiving the ‘personal as
political’ are for women, they reﬂect the general historical
trajectory the understanding of citizenship has taken rather than
being distinctively ‘feminist’. As I noted in Chapter 1, it is now
common to employ an enlarged view of citizenship that
encompasses our broader social and moral obligations to others.
As I also remarked, important though social morality is for
politics, there is nonetheless a distinctive role to be played by
collective decision-making within the formal political process of
the state. The key change in this regard has been the recognition
that giving women the personal freedom in the private sphere
necessary for them to be able to participate on an equal basis to
others is in fact a public matter – it results from putting in place a
fair system of public rules and collective policies that encourage
the sharing of domestic tasks and does not discriminate against
individuals taking on caring roles for children or the elderly and so
on. Yet, we have seen how this reversal of assumptions, whereby
private autonomy does not provide the basis for participation in
the public sphere but is rather the product of such participation,
parallels precisely the route taken by the property-less. For they
too had to overcome the private barriers to their public

8. Marching for women’s suffrage, New York City, 1913 (top), and a
May Day workers’ rights demonstration, New York, 2000 (bottom)

involvement by organizing for better working conditions,
education, welfare, and so on – challenging in their turn the view
that such issues were purely non-political.

Nationality, ethnicity, and multiculturalism
As we have seen, the development of a more inclusive account of
citizenship rested on the emergence of publicly supported
democratic welfare systems. Historically, these systems arose in
the context of state- and nation-building. A key issue today
concerns how far this connection between democracy and welfare,
on the one hand, and the nation state, on the other, was a matter
of historical contingency that can now be overcome.
69

Membership and belonging

The second feminist argument, that citizenship needs to be
understood in feminine rather than masculine terms, is more
controversial. Historically, women have been viewed as unsuited
to citizenship on the grounds that they are too emotional – ruled
by their passions rather than reason, and liable to be partial to
those for whom they feel particular attachments rather than
acting impartially. The claim of some, though far from all,
feminists is that reason, impartiality, and universalism are indeed
masculine ways of thinking, and that women take a more ‘caring’
approach centred on affection and feeling for particular others.
Yet, because men and women have never been on a completely
equal footing with each other, it is impossible to know which
attitudes result from any possible differences in their nature and
what is simply the product of cultural and social norms. As it is,
there are women and men on both sides of this debate about the
character of moral and political reasoning. Indeed, discussion of
the appropriate role and balance between universal accounts of
rights and justice, on the one hand, and more particular, affective
ties of duty, on the other, largely shapes the other major issue
surrounding membership – namely, how far citizenship should be
limited to co-nationals who share certain ethnic or cultural
characteristics.

Citizenship

The argument that nation-building is an inherent aspect of a
democratic welfare system rests on the alleged contribution of
national sentiment in creating solidarity and trust, while
facilitating more generally the capacity of citizens to frame and
sustain collective policies. Solidarity and trust are vital to any
cooperative endeavour and are mutually reinforcing. Democracy
assumes a people, or demos, who feel sufﬁcient solidarity with
each other to accept collective decisions and enough mutual trust
to cooperate. Without solidarity, individuals would be tempted to
obey only those collective decisions that beneﬁted them and even
then might be inclined to free-ride. Majorities may be unwilling to
accommodate minorities, minorities to accept majority decisions.
Without trust, the fear will be that nobody will play their part –
that, for example, if an incumbent government concedes defeat in
an election their successors will prevent their ever winning again,
thereby justifying their rigging or halting the electoral process
themselves to stay in power. Welfare similarly depends on the
‘haves’ showing solidarity towards the ‘have-nots’ and trust in the
former doing their best to improve the conditions of the latter and,
if successful, to shoulder a part of the burden in their turn. Finally,
making collective decisions assumes common institutions,
customs, and discourses that all involved agree are legitimate and
can employ.
A common nationality is said to foster solidaristic and trusting
feelings by creating a common identity that draws on a shared
culture, history, and language. These commonalities supposedly
create a bond between people that reaches beyond their many
differences of opinion and interests and enables them to cooperate
with each other. This claim is partly sociological, partly normative,
and partly functional. First, people ﬁnd it easier to engage with
and trust those whom they regard as similar in certain pertinent
ways. Second, cooperative activities, such as democracy and
welfare, involve more than the humanitarian obligations we owe
to people in general, important though these are. They entail a
high degree of reciprocity between people and the sort of special
70

obligations to particular others that exist among family members
and good neighbours. Not only are such obligations difﬁcult to
create and sustain among all human beings, but also people of
differing cultures will want to shape them in different ways. Last,
but far from least, a shared language and political traditions
greatly facilitate communication and decision-making, making it
easier for all to participate on equal terms and reducing the scope
for misunderstanding or incompatibility clashes.

How can that be? First, they argue that if people are to interact
effectively then some common structures are going to be
necessary. So there will need to be broad acceptance that the
existing legal and political institutions are, if not perfect,
nevertheless the appropriate mechanism through which any
change must take place – including changes to those institutions
themselves. Second, there must also be the desire to engage with
co-citizens on equal terms and to frame common laws and policies
71

Membership and belonging

On this account, therefore, nationality deﬁnes citizenship. It
provides the social glue and medium that enables citizens to
interact on equal terms in the life of the political community. Yet,
while state-building and nation-building went hand in hand in the
past, there are obvious problems in drawing too tight a connection
between the two. It is estimated that there are between 5,000 and
9,000 ethnic-cultural groups in the world, and only around 200
states, over 90% of which contain more than one ethnic group. To
overcome this diversity, nation-building in the past involved some
or all of the following: genocide, forced mass-population transfers,
coerced assimilation, and domination and control by the ruling
group. With most states being formed through war and conquest,
indigenous peoples and minority national, religious, ethnic, and
linguistic groups have all suffered from these sorts of oppression,
as have later immigrant minorities. No respectable advocate of
nationalism today believes that such methods are in any way
acceptable. Instead, they argue that a common nationality can not
only accommodate diversity but makes it possible.

9. A citizenship ceremony in Australia, 2005

in ways that can be justiﬁed as reasonable to all. Such
requirements are consistent with citizens giving their allegiance to
the state, having some knowledge of its political history and
institutions, being reasonably ﬂuent in its main language or
languages, and having an appreciation of the cultural conventions
and sensibilities of its members. Indeed, Western democracies
have increasingly codiﬁed these elements of a common national
citizenship, enshrining them both in tests and ceremonies for the
acquisition of citizenship and in the teaching of citizenship in
schools.

However, the discriminatory effects of such decisions can be
mitigated in all sorts of ways. There can be exemptions from
laws that penalize certain cultural practices, such as the British
exemption of Sikhs from the wearing of motorcycle helmets.
There can be assistance for minorities to overcome certain
disadvantages, from state support for cultural activities, including
the funding of religious schools as in the UK, to afﬁrmative action,
and the symbolic recognition of their acceptance – for example,
through multi-faith policies for religious education and public
ceremonies. There can be the devolution of certain
73

Membership and belonging

Typically, these policies have arisen as responses to fears of
growing multicultural unrest and violence and concerns over
rising rates of immigration. As a result, they have attracted
criticism in certain quarters as perpetuating rather than
diminishing discrimination towards minority groups, with some
arguing such policies should be replaced by considerations based
on human rights norms and international law. I shall consider
these arguments more fully in the next chapter. However, the short
response from the nationalist would be that rights norms will
always need to be realized within a given cultural context, which
ﬂeshes them out in speciﬁc ways. Moreover, such acculturation
will never be neutral in its effects. Choices will have to be made
about public holidays, the ofﬁcial language(s), and so on that will
inevitably impact on some minorities more than others.

Citizenship

self-government rights to national minorities, as is the case with
the Scots, Welsh, and Northern Irish in the UK, and indigenous
groups, such as the Inuit in Canada, and/or special representation
(also for immigrant communities) in public bodies, as is the case
for the Maori in New Zealand. There can be multilingual policies
and even the allowance of parallel legal systems, as occurs with the
Welsh and Scots respectively. Most states adopt some of these
policies, and traditional countries of immigration, such as
Australia, Canada, and the United States, have tended to adopt
almost all of them, as has the UK.
The purpose of these policies is to render the notion of a common
national citizenship more inclusive, creating a sense of belonging
among the very diverse groups that make up modern societies. To
return to the image of a social contract, they reﬂect the attempt for
citizens to negotiate mutually acceptable norms of political
cooperation that better reﬂect their civic equality. Yet, some
commentators have criticized these measures as undermining the
whole citizenship project – detracting from equal status and
fragmenting civic identities, with a consequent loss of solidarity
and trust and a reduction in participation. France, which has a
strong tradition of republican civic identity, has tended to take this
line, but it has also been endorsed by many liberals as well.
However, the empirical evidence tends to suggest the reverse, with
policies promoting a common national citizenship proving more
acceptable where they are accompanied with an equally clear
commitment to multiculturalism and diversity. The partial
exception is with territorially concentrated minorities, where
devolved institutions can strengthen rather than weaken demands
for greater independence and even succession, as has proved the
case in Quebec in Canada and Scotland in the UK, although if
successful the new countries would have to confront many of the
self-same issues of diversity.
Moreover, in any polity there are limits to how much
accommodation is possible, notably when minority practices are
74

From alien to citizen: the external
dimension of exclusion
So far I have deﬁned being a citizen in terms of certain
properties – notably, a linking of one’s private interests and the
public interest, including a commitment to the country and a
willingness to contribute to its economic, social, and political
public goods by working, paying taxes, and voting, and a capacity
to evaluate political performance and exercise independent
judgements. I have also noted that extending such properties to all
relies on seeing them as public rather than private responsibilities,
while their joint exercise is facilitated by a sense of common
nationality. Finally, I have claimed seeing citizenship in these
terms need not discriminate against women or minority cultures
and nationalities. Instead, they have been able progressively to
reshape national political cultures to reﬂect their claims to civic
equality. Perhaps the crucial test of their success, though, is how
75

Membership and belonging

deemed to infringe human rights. For example, Western
democracies have outlawed such practices as so-called female
circumcision. However, numerous hard cases exist, particularly
with regard to the education of children and attitudes towards
women, who have a subordinate role in many cultures. In these
cases, a potential tension exists between the maintenance of
certain traditional practices and protecting the opportunity for
children, and particularly women, to choose whether they abide by
traditional norms or adapt or even drop them altogether,
exploring instead the wider possibilities open to them in the
broader community. These tensions have been resolved in
different ways in different countries, but the sign of a commitment
to common citizenship derives from all affected parties seeking
solutions that are capable of being justiﬁed in mutually acceptable
terms. In these ways, a national citizenship ceases to be something
imposed by a dominant group on others but a shared civic project,
involving a degree of compromise and adaptation on all sides.

Citizenship

far the resulting membership criteria offer defensible grounds for
admission for would-be immigrants.
This issue has become increasingly salient as migratory pressures
have grown. Reliable ﬁgures are hard to come by, but it is
estimated there were around 150 million migrants in 2000 –
double the number in 1965. Of course, there have been periods of
massive migration in the past. But the global scope, variety, and
sustained volume of contemporary migratory trends are
unprecedented. Some of this pressure has come from asylum
seekers, driven out of their countries by war or oppression.
Though a grey line often divides the two, I want to separate this
group – whom countries have a humanitarian, and in the case of
signatories of the Geneva Convention on the Status of Refugees
(1951) and its 1967 Protocol, a legal duty to assist – from
immigrants seeking a different or better life. The key issue is
whether it is legitimate for governments to limit rising demands
from this second group.
All wealthy, democratic countries do limit immigration, usually
through having residence requirements to show commitment,
normally of around three to four years, a language test, and a test
on national history, customs, and institutions, and have favoured
those with desirable economic skills, such as doctors. These
conditions codify the properties outlined above that have
traditionally been thought necessary for someone to be a full
member of the political community. How far they are perceived as
discriminatory depends on the context and manner in which they
are imposed. If the country is seen as generally welcoming to
immigrants from all countries, not favouring ethnically and
culturally similar groups, and there is public support for meeting
the language and other test requirements, the required language
skills are basic and the questions on politics and culture are
reasonably straightforward and could be answered by most
existing citizens, not being designed in such a way as to force all
immigrants to renounce pre-existing identities and afﬁliations,
76

Such failures have tended to bring the whole linkage between
citizenship and membership of a nation state into disrepute.
So long as this link exists, however, it will be justiﬁed to limit
admission to citizenship by criteria that reﬂect the attributes
necessary for participation in a national political community.
Yet, some commentators have argued this connection is simply
untenable, both practically and morally, in our increasingly
globalized societies. Instead, they seek to deﬁne citizenship in
terms of universal human rights. It is to the degree to which such a
deﬁnition is normatively and practically possible that I now turn.

77

Membership and belonging

then these conditions can enjoy broad support, or at least be
uncontroversial, even among immigrant communities. For
example, in Canada, where citizenship and immigration policy has
become increasingly open since the 1960s, these policies have
been largely, if not universally, accepted as legitimate and
legitimating – making it easier rather than harder for immigrants
to feel full members of their new country. There, the external
citizenship criteria for immigrants are but the counterpart to a
broader and more multicultural internal citizenship policy. By
contrast, when set against a background of suspicion towards
immigrants tinged with racism, as tends to be the case with former
colonial powers, such as Britain, these policies can be met with
suspicion and regarded as exclusionary – a fear reinforced in
recent times by seemingly panicked responses by some
governments to the emerging link between immigrant
communities and terrorism. By and large, attempts to allay the
potential fears of native-born citizens have tended to backﬁre,
appearing to give such worries credence while alienating the
immigrant communities and exacerbating social tensions.

Chapter 4
Rights and the ‘right to
have rights’

Citizenship is often identiﬁed with rights. In a trivial sense, this
identiﬁcation always exists because whatever citizenship policies a
given country puts in place will bestow the equivalent rights on
citizens. Such rights are generally called ‘positive’ or ‘institutional’
rights. For example, British citizenship is deﬁned by the various
rights associated with the numerous policies ordaining who is a
citizen and what they are entitled to: from the Nationality,
Immigration and Asylum Act 2002, governing processes of
naturalization, to the Representation of the People Act 2000,
covering voting arrangements, and the various Social Security
Acts, dealing with unemployment, sickness, maternity, pensions,
and other beneﬁts. These and similar pieces of legislation all spell
out the rights that follow from the status of being a British
citizen – from voting to welfare. However, the details of these
rights differ from country to country and possibly even within a
country. The rights of English citizens are not identical in every
respect to those of Scottish citizens, say, and differ even more from
those of American or French citizens. Moreover, they need not be
either just or equitable – even Nazi laws conferred certain rights
on German citizens, although they also condemned many to being
less than citizens.
Consequently, when people invoke rights as the basis of
citizenship, they generally intend something rather different. They
78

Popular and apparently attractive though such accounts are,
however, they suffer from two related difﬁculties, both of which
point to a potential tension between citizenship and rights. First, if
rights are universal, applying to all human beings, then a possible
conﬂict exists between being a citizen of a particular political
community and upholding rights. Justice arguably demands we
treat all human beings with equal concern and respect, a position
that – if true – could be at variance with treating one’s fellow
citizens with greater regard to everyone else. Cosmopolitan or
global citizenship possibly offers a solution, yet holds practical and
normative problems of its own – as we shall see. Second, although
there is a growing consensus around the idea of human rights, a
consensus linked to a commitment to freedom and equality that
79

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

mean that citizens ought to have the positive or institutional rights
that follow from what they believe to be people’s moral or human
rights. Indeed, almost all countries have enshrined at least some of
these sorts of rights in constitutional documents that are deemed
superior to ordinary legislation, thereby allowing citizens to
criticize existing positive rights for failing to live up to their
human or moral rights as individuals, at least in so far as these are
understood and protected by the relevant constitutional court. On
these accounts, rights provide the basis for citizenship, with the
development of citizenship policies being driven by the steady, if
often halting, realization of these rights in ever fuller ways. More
importantly, rights are offered as an alternative and more just way
of thinking about citizenship to membership of a national political
community. The United States is often taken as the model of such
a rights-based national identity. A society of mass immigration,
adherence to the Constitution has often been portrayed as
deﬁning what it means to be an American citizen. Yet, appealing
to the Constitution has also proved a mechanism for altering the
terms of citizenship in important ways, as in the civil rights
movement of the 1960s which saw the progressive expansion of
the terms of American citizenship to include black Americans on a
more equitable basis.

lies at the heart of the citizenship ideal, a great deal of scope exists
for disagreement about which rights best realize these values and
the policy implications that ﬂow from them. As I noted in
Chapter 1, democratic citizenship has offered a way of overcoming
such disagreements, with citizenship paradoxically offering its
own foundation – the right to have rights. Yet, democracy could
clash with rights if majorities seek to promote their own interests
at the expense of minorities, thereby making it a right to suppress
rather than promote rights. The rest of this chapter explores both
these issues in turn.

Citizenship

Human rights and cosmopolitan citizenship
Human rights concern how we ought to treat our fellow human
beings. Various sources have been given for these rights – from
God-given natural law to human nature, history or reason, with
these sources being associated with a variety of moral values and
principles. Here is not the place to evaluate these different
theories, many of which no longer enjoy wide currency. It sufﬁces
to note how, despite their many differences, those theories taken
seriously today attempt to articulate the basic intuition that all
human beings are entitled to be treated with a degree of concern
and respect. As a result, there are certain things that nobody
should do to another human being, and we should seek to secure
for all the basic conditions needed to live a decent life. On the one
hand, therefore, rights seek to constrain what we may do to other
people. Such rights include the standard civil rights against such
acts as being assaulted or tortured, or being detained or punished
without a due process. On the other hand, rights indicate the need
for support rather than just forbearance. Socio-economic rights to
minimum standards of health, education, and subsistence are
often characterized in this way.
It is sometimes argued that the ﬁrst type of right is capable of
being universalized in ways that the second type is not. Each one
of us can respect the rights not to be raped, murdered, and so on
80

However, many people contend matters are not quite so clear cut.
For a start, the poverty and poor health experienced in much of
the undeveloped or developing world does not arise simply from
misfortune, such as ﬂoods, droughts, or earthquakes. It also
results from the systematic commercial exploitation of poor by
afﬂuent countries and their direct or indirect support of coercive
regimes. The globalization of production and exchange means that
most citizens of the developed world cannot avoid being complicit
to some degree in this exploitation or beneﬁting from it. So a
responsibility exists to help the world’s poor and oppressed that
goes beyond a duty of humanitarian aid. It is also the case that
even upholding rights not to be physically coerced requires more
than merely refraining from such actions. Regrettably, there are
always some individuals prepared to take advantage of others. Just
81

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

of everyone in the world by simply refraining from such actions.
But it would soon exhaust even the richest person’s resources to
attempt to provide succour for all those in need, while to give to
some but not to others seems arbitrary. Those who take this line
generally recognize a humanitarian duty to aid those in distress
when it lies in one’s power to do so at little or no risk to oneself.
Most people accept that a wealthy country that failed to provide
relief to victims of a natural disaster, say, would be as culpable as a
good swimmer who failed to go to the aid of a drowning child in a
swimming pool. However, they argue any fuller application of this
type of right arises only when someone has a special responsibility
to help particular others – such as those I have a duty to protect,
like my children; those who I may have intentionally or
unintentionally harmed in some way; or those with whom I have
explicitly engaged to provide such rights, such as my fellow
citizens. From this perspective, no tension need exist between
recognizing human rights while acknowledging a fuller set of
citizenship rights to fellow members of your political community.
So long as your country does not coerce the citizens of other
countries and has some kind of aid budget for global emergencies,
then it has fulﬁlled its responsibilities.

Citizenship

as social and economic rights require hospitals, schools, a social
security system, and so on, so civil rights require a legal system,
police force, and prisons, among other things – all of which can be
just as costly. And because national systems increasingly interact
with each other, while much economic and social activity –
including crime – is transnational, we need international
arrangements and bodies to uphold both sets of rights.
A natural response to this circumstance has been to propose a
form of cosmopolitanism. A doctrine going back to the ancient
world and associated particularly with the Roman stoics, a
cosmopolitan is literally a ‘citizen of the world’ or kosmopolitai.
The Greek derivation of this term suggests that world citizenship
implies a world polity or kosmos [world] polis. Yet, such an
arrangement raises such clear problems that very few
contemporary advocates of cosmopolitanism propose it – at least
explicitly. They have tended to associate the cosmopolitan ideal
with the Roman imperial notion of ‘legal citizenship’ rather than
the Greek conception of ‘political citizenship’. However, the
disadvantages confronting a world ‘legal citizenship’ can be just as
formidable. We’ll explore each in turn.
Although various schemes have been put forward for different
kinds of cosmopolitan polity, creating a meaningful system of
global democracy that could provide the setting for a political
form of world citizenship faces considerable obstacles. Size
matters, and the larger the scale on which democracy works, the
less inﬂuence citizens will have and the more disempowered they
are likely to feel. Many citizens of the larger democracies express
such feelings already, but in any type of world democracy
representatives would need to be responsible for millions rather
than thousands of voters. As we shall see in Chapter 5, this
problem can be overcome to some extent where there are
sufﬁcient commonalities among the electorate for groups of voters
to be able to combine their preferences into a few reasonably
coherent ideological programmes, none of which is completely
82

incompatible with the others. These conditions allow citizens to
feel adequately represented by one of the available parties, and not
entirely excluded even if their preferred party is in opposition.
However, where there are deep divisions – especially of an ethnic
or cultural nature – then it is much more likely that electoral
minorities will feel alienated and may even be oppressed. As a
result, they will seek as much autonomy as possible from central
government control.

83

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

Diversity of this divisive kind is already proving a growing
problem within most existing states – witness the growing
separatist tendency of given cultural groups in such established
democracies as Canada and Belgium, where a high percentage of
citizens in the French- and Flemish-speaking regions respectively
have supported parties seeking to secede from their country – and
is likely to be even more problematic within the world as a whole.
Despite traditional liberal views that culture and religion should
be – and would become – purely personal issues, of no relevance
for politics, they have remained stubbornly central to the efﬁcient
working of most political systems. Some analysts contend that
globalization will overcome this difﬁculty by homogenizing
cultures to a degree, giving everyone a taste for designer jeans,
cappuccinos, cola, and McDonald’s. But though these processes
have diffused good- as well as poor-quality products, bringing
cosmopolitan tastes to far more people than ever before, few
would regard the replacement of cultural variety with mass
consumerism as an entirely enticing – or likely – prospect. In fact,
part of the attractiveness of a system of separate states lies
precisely in allowing different cultures to thrive. Meanwhile, the
existence of alternative regimes also puts pressure on despotic
states in particular to improve their ways – not least because they
offer a possible place of escape for opponents and others. As the
18th-century German philosopher Immanuel Kant, who inspires
most contemporary cosmopolitan thought, acknowledged,
because a world state gets rid of such alternatives, it risks being
‘a universal despotism’.

Citizenship

As a result, like Kant, most cosmopolitans favour a system of
states which have bound themselves by a series of international
agreements to abide by certain universal principles of justice as
embodied in international law – particularly rights charters such
as the United Nation’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights
(1948) and the European Convention on Human Rights (1950).
In Kant’s scheme, individual states remain the primary sources
of political authority. However, a number of neo-Kantian
cosmopolitans have argued that state sovereignty has been
undermined nonetheless by the global moral obligations that stem
from human rights. State boundaries and our attachments to them
are morally arbitrary and no preference ought to be given to
co-nationals in the distribution of resources needed to uphold
either civil or social rights. Though it may be convenient to
partition political authority into local units, it is subject to an
international legal authority and must be employed to further
cosmopolitan ends.
This account makes cosmopolitanism rather like a more just
version of the Roman imperial view of legal citizenship we
encountered in Chapter 2. However, it runs into a number of
parallel problems to those we noted with that argument – not
least in its similar downgrading of political citizenship. First, we
tend to understand rights through the prism of the different
cultural, moral, ideological, and other beliefs that we hold about
what is important in life and how societies work. There may be
considerable, if not complete, agreement in the abstract about
certain basic rights, but there is much less about what actually
follows from them in practice. Different views of moral
responsibility or social causality, for example, will produce
differing and even conﬂicting views of when a right has been
infringed or not, and by whom. For instance, such differences will
inform arguments about the positive or negative effects of free
markets with regard to certain social problems – inﬂuencing
judgements as to how far the poor are ‘freely’ contracting for their
low wages, say, or entrepreneurs are responsible for either their
84

own proﬁts or the welfare of their suppliers, workers, or
customers. Yet, all the parties to this dispute may agree on the
importance of civil rights to non-interference. Likewise, those
who are religious will regard the practices required by religious
belief as generating rights in ways that those who do not share
such beliefs will not. However, both the religious and the
non-religious may believe in the importance of rights to freedom
of self-expression and of thought – they simply disagree as to
whether they apply in a given case or not. Given the size and
diversity of the globe compared to any state, these sorts of
empirical and normative disagreements are likely to be far
greater for any cosmopolitan arrangement than they are for
national ones.

85

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

Second, these disagreements mean that under a purely legal
scheme of cosmopolitan citizenship, international courts will have
to make highly controversial normative and empirical judgements
when deciding if a given individual’s rights have been infringed or
not. Of course, domestic courts also often ﬁnd themselves having
to make similarly controversial decisions. However, they do so in
the light of a large body of domestic case law that has been shaped
by the evolving national political culture – including the host of
formal and informal pressures that politicians, the media, and the
general public bring to bear on the judiciary over time. Indeed,
studies show that even apparently highly controversial court
decisions align well with long-term trends of sustained, majority,
national public opinion. For the reasons we explored above
regarding the difﬁculty of establishing a world government, it is
much harder to gauge world public opinion or for it to exert any
inﬂuence. Moreover, greater diversity heightens the danger of
majority tyranny over various minority views. International
human rights charters are often derided – whether fairly or
not – as the wish-lists of unrepresentative pressure groups. To
overcome such criticism and command the resources they need to
be effective, rights need to be able to win widespread political
support. After all, if legal decisions are to be complied with, then

10. A session of the International Court of Justice

people must be able to identify with them. Democracy offers the
standard mechanism for amicably settling differences and arriving
at workable compromises to produce legislation citizens can view
as in some sense theirs. Unfortunately, as we have seen, the
preconditions for such a system simply are not available at the
global level.

The ‘right to have rights’: state citizenship
and global justice
Citizenship provides the ‘right to have rights’ in two important
senses. First, as we saw in the last chapter, membership of the
citizen body gives access to the ‘positive’ or ‘institutional’ rights
offered by a given political community. Second, as we remarked in
Chapters 1 and 2, the exercise of political citizenship offers a
means for claiming rights and shaping the ways they are conceived
and implemented. Here, though, I want to explore the issues of
whether this ‘right’ does not itself assume certain rights, and how
far it is compatible with the recognition of the rights of those who
are not co-citizens.
I noted when exploring the criteria for membership how
participating as a political citizen assumes certain qualities and
capacities – such as the ability to learn about and discuss public
87

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

We seem faced with a conundrum. Justice appears to demand
linking citizenship to rights within some form of cosmopolitan
scheme. Yet, a legal form of rights-based citizenship risks being
too controversial to command the legitimacy and support needed
for it to work, while a form of political citizenship that might
provide it with the necessary authority seems unworkable on a
world scale. Is there a way, therefore, of linking rights, citizenship,
and democracy at the state level, while at the same time
acknowledging our cosmopolitan obligations to recognize the
rights of citizens in other states or without any state at all? I think
so, and I will sketch this possibility in the next section.

Citizenship

issues. To secure these opportunities for all implicitly involves
providing citizens with rights to freedom of thought and speech,
freedom of information, and possibly even a right to basic
education. Likewise, even to cast a vote implies not just a right to
vote but also freedom of association, regular elections, and so on.
A common assumption stemming from this fact that the practices
of democratic citizenship entail rights of various kinds is to argue
that these rights must be preconditions for citizenship. As such,
they deserve special protection within a domestic and possibly an
international bill of rights and must even be protected from the
operation of democratic citizenship itself. Indeed, some
proponents of this view end up reading almost all conceivable
rights as being somehow linked to the rights of democratic
citizenship. Yet, by entrenching these rights in legally protected
constitutions that are immune from political inﬂuence, this
proposal paradoxically ends up subverting the actual exercise of
democratic citizenship.
Therefore, though there is an element of truth in the argument
that citizenship presupposes a set of pre-political rights, it is also
somewhat topsy-turvy. After all, we observed in Chapter 2 how all
these rights have been the products of citizenly activity. Moreover,
it has been further political pressure that has progressively
extended them to encompass new subjects – women as well as
men, say; applied them to new spheres – not just the narrow
political sphere but also the workplace, the family, and culture;
reﬁned their scope – so that rights are seen as rights to certain key
goods, such as education, as well as rights against interference by
governments and others; and broadened the style of rights
legislation and adjudication to accommodate religious, cultural,
and other differences. These ongoing political processes have been
crucial for broadening and deepening rights and shaping them to
accommodate the diversity and complexity of modern life. At the
same time, they have altered what it is to be a political citizen –
both who is a citizen, and how citizens can act within the political
system and inﬂuence its decisions and form.
88

11. Martin Luther King before delivering his ‘I have a dream’ speech, 28 August 1963, from the
steps of the Lincoln Memorial during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, a
deﬁning moment of the American civil rights movement

Citizenship

So the rights that deﬁne citizenship also have to be seen as
undergoing a continual process of redeﬁnition through the
political actions of citizens themselves: be it through their acting
as voters or pressure groups to persuade politicians to pass new
legislation, or by their bringing new cases before the courts. It is
via such activities that citizens strive to improve the ways social
and legal structures facilitate their freedom to pursue the goals
and interests that give meaning to their lives on equal terms with
others. They do so by seeking to obtain mutual recognition for the
various relevant similarities and differences existing between
themselves or their pursuits and those of others, so as to remove
any unjust discrimination or disadvantages that may affect them.
For example, it is through such action that women have won the
right to maternity leave and gradually, if slowly, obtained limited
support for child care at the workplace.
Even when political and other rights are enshrined in
constitutional documents, they tend to undergo a process of
reinterpretation in response to political pressure reﬂecting
evolving social needs and views. However, change is generally
slower than in countries, such as the United Kingdom, where
such rights are simply enshrined in ordinary legislation.
Of course, constitutional entrenchment may protect rights from
being curtailed by politicians, either for their own convenience or
in response to populist panics or prejudices, and can inspire
popular movements to claim rights. The evidence for both these
theoretical possibilities occurring in practice is mixed, though. As
I remarked above, courts rarely deviate from sustained, national,
majority opinion – they are part of the political system and
naturally tend to reﬂect long-term trends within it. That said,
raising the barrier to legislative change creates a bias in favour of
the status quo that slows change. This tendency will naturally
beneﬁt the currently privileged over the underprivileged, for it
will be the latter who seek reform. Whereas majoritarianism
proves generally progressive, at least in culturally homogeneous
societies, because it involves an implicit egalitarian and collective
90

tendency – a point we explore more fully in the next chapter – the
status quo bias leans towards the regressive and proves
particularly so with respect to social and economic rights, which
usually require redistribution from rich to poor. For example,
historically it has greatly inhibited both labour legislation and
health and welfare programmes in the United States compared to
Western Europe.

91

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

Even when constitutional courts seek to protect minority groups,
unless the rights concerned enjoy sufﬁcient political recognition
from citizens for governments to embody them in legislation and
policy-making, little will change. Take the landmark decision of
the US Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka,
347 US 483 (1954). This case overturned a previous Court ruling
in Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 US 537 (1896) that had deemed the
segregation of black and white facilities in the southern states of
America to be permissible so long as they were ‘separate but equal’
by declaring that ‘separate educational facilities are inherently
unequal’. As a result, racial segregation was now afﬁrmed to be a
violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment of the United States Constitution. Yet, ten years after
this ruling no more than 1.2% of black children attended
desegregated schools in the southern states. Change only began to
occur as a result of the political actions of the African-American
civil rights movement and the passage by Congress of the Civil
Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act in 1964 and 1965. Brown
may have helped energize support for such measures, but popular
protest against racial discrimination would undoubtedly have
arisen anyway. Meanwhile, the Court’s decision also motivated a
shift to the right by white southern politicians and staunch, and
occasionally violent, opposition to reform. In any case, whatever
its positive or negative effects, Brown failed to alter the material
conditions of most African-Americans. Only getting a majority to
pay for extensive social reforms will tackle the racial poverty gap
within the United States.

Citizenship

At the global level, the courts are likely to be even more isolated
from popular political inﬂuence, increasing the danger that they
may incline more to the privileged with greater ease of access to
them than the underprivileged. Of course, there are some
transnational social and political movements, especially in such
areas as the environment and poverty where concerted
international action is needed. However, there are also much
better funded lobbyists representing powerful commercial
interests. Moreover, to have a real international impact, a
transnational movement will still need to inﬂuence the domestic
politics of numerous states because there is no world political
authority to which they can appeal. Even organizations such as the
United Nations or the European Union are largely
intergovernmental in their operation. Nevertheless, though the
international rights regimes have tended to disappoint many of
their advocates, one should not be despondent. The very fact that
states have created such bodies indicates that seeing citizenship
and rights as primarily located within states need not be at
variance with their promotion at the global level. Indeed, in a
number of respects upholding citizenship as the right to have
rights within one’s own political community entails recognizing
and supporting it for the citizens of other communities.
First, recognizing the state as the locus of the citizen’s ‘right to
have rights’ implies that states should endeavour to establish just
terms of interaction between each other – that is, they should seek
terms of global justice between states rather than all the
individuals of the world, in which governments act as the
representatives of their countries in much the same way as elected
representatives act for their constituents. International
agreements of these kinds serve a two-fold purpose. On the one
hand, they endeavour to secure certain collective goods from
which the citizens of all countries will beneﬁt. On the other hand,
they seek to guard against the activities of one country interfering
with those of another in ways that might undermine the capacity
of the citizens of the affected country from exercising their rights.
92

12. A meeting of the Council of the European Union in Brussels

Citizenship

Many agreements involve both these elements. So the collective
good of peace is promoted by non-aggression pacts and
collaboration in collective security arrangements. Likewise, action
to protect the environment involves international agreements to
collectively reduce emissions or regulate other activities, such as
over-ﬁshing depleted ﬁsh stocks. These sorts of agreements
involve countries giving up short-term advantages for a long-term
common beneﬁt and are designed to prevent any one of them
free-riding on the actions of others – for example, by continuing to
pollute while other countries cut their emissions, thereby reaping
the environmental advantages without paying any of the costs.
Such potential win-win settlements – which abound in the
international sphere – are naturally easier to set up than those that
involve wealthy countries losing long-term by giving up certain of
their advantages vis-à-vis poorer states. Yet, on a range of issues,
from bans on the exploitation of child labour or other oppressive
work practices, to debt relief, slow but steady progress is being
made. More generally, there is a growing sense that the terms of
trade between countries should be equitable between rich and
poor: for example, that the former should not be able to protect
their own farmers while obliging the latter to import their
agricultural products. These sorts of measures fall far short of the
global redistribution of wealth advocated by some cosmopolitans,
but over time have redistributive effects nonetheless. As I have
remarked in earlier chapters, although non-exploitation and
anti-discrimination are part of any welfare scheme, deepening this
so as to offer positive aid to others involves additionally a sense of
everyone playing fair by others and doing their bit. Scale alone
militates against the development of the deeper solidarity and
sense of reciprocity among citizens needed for a comprehensive
welfare system operating across the globe. However, a
commitment not to exploit others and hamper their efforts to
create their own welfare systems can be seen as a strict
requirement of justice for all states that is entailed by their own
desire to develop such systems for their own citizens. Moreover,
94

this scheme allows for variations in what a given state might offer.
Citizens can tailor welfare to suit the political culture – prioritizing
different elements, adopting alternative ways of funding, allowing
diverse mixes of private and public provision, and so on.

Finally, states and their citizens have a global obligation to uphold
the humanitarian rights of citizens. In addition to the requirement
to supply aid in crisis situations, discussed above, it also entails
not sustaining regimes that oppress their citizens. Potentially, this
obligation might support humanitarian intervention in the affairs
of another state to prevent genocide and the mass murder of
citizens. However, such actions must always be assessed on a case
95

Rights and the ‘right to have rights’

Similar reasoning underpins a second aspect of the international
dimension of the right to have rights: namely, that political
communities should be granted rights to self-determination. This
need not mean that every national, cultural, or ethnic group
should have its own state – as we saw, the number of such groups
greatly outstrips the likely number of viable states. It does suggest,
though, that where a desire for self-government is voiced efforts
should be made to devolve power or create power-sharing
arrangements so long as in doing so an existing unit is not made
less viable. It is a sign of a dictatorial regime that it seeks to
suppress such demands, but that they are expressed the moment
it collapses. For example, such has been the case in the former
communist bloc of Central and Eastern Europe in the aftermath
of 1989, and in Iraq post-Saddam Hussein. A parallel logic also
implies that immigrants should not have discriminatory
membership criteria applied to them. It is certainly in order that
prospective citizens should show a degree of commitment to their
chosen country, usually by a moderate residency requirement, and
be able to operate as full members of their new country. But it is
invidious to set the membership criteria higher than most existing
citizens could attain – for example, by demanding a standard of
literacy in the dominant language only achieved by the highly
educated.

Citizenship

by case basis. Experience shows they can often backﬁre and
produce an even worse situation. Often less drastic measures that
simply curb a regime’s ability to oppress offer a better, if far from
ideal, solution. Upholding humanitarian rights through the prism
of the right to have rights also presents states with a clear
obligation to accept asylum seekers and to allow them to
naturalize as citizens when either the prospects of their safely
returning to their country of origin are remote, or they become
established in their host country.
To summarize: a right to citizenship does imply certain rights, but
these need not be such as to exhaust the whole concept of
citizenship, as legal conceptions of citizenship propose. Rather, it
is through being a citizen in a fuller, political sense that we
generate rights. Although, for all practical purposes, the exercise
of political citizenship is best pursued at the state level, this does
not negate the notion of a global or cosmopolitan citizenship.
Instead, it places an obligation on states and their citizens to
secure the possibility for the exercise of citizenship within
self-governing political communities for all. On the one hand, this
duty involves not undermining the capacity of citizens in existing
polities to govern themselves by exploiting or dominating their
countries. On the other hand, it requires that non-citizens be
allowed access to membership on non-discriminatory terms.

96

Chapter 5
Participation and democracy

We saw in Chapter 2 how for the ancient Greeks political
participation formed an intrinsic part of citizenship. To enjoy the
promise of civic equality that the status of citizenship holds out, all
citizens had to play their part in the political process. Otherwise,
instead of a situation of ruling and being ruled in turn, a citizen
would simply be ruled. Indeed, our word ‘idiot’ comes from the
Greek idiotes, a term used to describe someone who concentrated
entirely on their private affairs to the neglect of the public realm.
These days, though, most of us tend to be idiots in this respect.
Disenchantment with democratic politics has never been more
pronounced, with voter turnout and trust in politicians in a
slow but steady decline within all the established democracies.
Political citizenship is rejected as both too demanding and of
dubious worth. People increasingly adopt what I called the
imperial Roman view of legal citizenship. They place their faith in
the courts and other supposedly impartial, expert regulatory
bodies to provide an equitable framework for their activities,
rejecting politics as at best ineffective, at worst pernicious. I have
already cast doubt on some of the assumptions underlying these
kinds of arguments at various points throughout this book. This
chapter seeks to make the case for linking citizenship and
democratic politics in a more systematic fashion. In particular, I
want to argue that democratic politics as it is practised in the
97

Citizenship

established democracies, such as the United States, Britain,
Sweden, Germany, New Zealand, Australia, or Canada, does not
deserve anything like the cynicism and criticism that it has
become conventional to direct at it.
In Chapter 2 we noted that, like many of the political terms
examined so far, the word ‘democracy’ has Greek roots, literally
meaning ‘people’ (demos) ‘rule’ (kratos). We also saw, in Chapter 3,
that who the ‘people’ are begs a number of questions that can be
answered in various ways – from the very narrow in scope, as was
the case in ancient Greece where women and slaves, among
others, were excluded, to the very broad, on certain cosmopolitan
accounts encompassing the whole of humanity. Much the same
applies to the nature and sense in which the people, however
deﬁned, are said to ‘rule’. What ‘rule’ involves can also be read in
narrower or broader terms. On the broadest accounts, democratic
rule involves all the relevant people taking every collective decision
by consensus. On the narrowest of accounts, it suggests that rulers
should simply rule for the beneﬁt of all the people – whether or
not they happen to be chosen from or by the people: a hereditary
line of enlightened despots would be ‘democratic’ in this sense so
long as their rule was benevolent and beneﬁcial. Midway between
these two positions lie the actually existing democratic systems of
today, whereby democratic rule means that rulers are to some
degree chosen by, accountable to, and removable by, the ruled.
Much of the criticism of what might be called ‘real’ or ‘actual’
democracy stems from comparisons with the imagined superiority
of the supposedly ‘ideal’ democracy offered by either the broad
account of direct participatory democratic rule, whereby all are
involved in making and administering the law, or the narrow
account’s vision of a class of benevolent expert rulers who, free
from prejudice or private interest, have the ability and desire to
govern for the people rather than themselves. The ﬁrst section
points out some problems with both these alternatives. It turns out
that neither captures the idea of a political community of equals
98

that lies at the heart of citizenship. I shall offer an alternative
account of democracy that is more in tune with this idea,
exploring in the second section how far contemporary democratic
practices serve to realize it. Finally, the third section concludes this
chapter and the book as a whole with some reﬂections on the
prospects for political citizenship in contemporary societies.

What is democracy, and why is it important
for citizenship?

Participatory democracy
The 18th-century French philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau –
the last great advocate of the ancient model of participatory
citizenship – famously declared that the ‘people of England’ were
‘free only during the election of members of parliament. As soon
as they are elected, slavery overtakes it, and it is nothing.’ Many
contemporary critics of today’s democracies are apt to go even
further and complain that even when electing the legislature, the
people are not ruling – at best they are voting for their rulers from
among a pre-selected shortlist that offers them little in the way of
choice. I shall explore the accuracy of this characterization of
democratic elections below. But what of the implied alternative?
At its most extreme, a radical democratic position becomes almost
synonymous with anarchism. According to this view, people can
rule themselves democratically only if they take every decision, can
weigh up all alternatives, and come to a unanimous conclusion.
Otherwise, the minority in any vote will be ruled by the majority
rather than ruling themselves. Yet it does not take much thought
99

Participation and democracy

This section will explore ‘direct’ or ‘participatory’ democracy, in
which all citizens participate in law-making, and guardianship,
where no participation is involved. In pointing out the problems of
both, I hope to highlight the merits of the real systems of
representative democracy that characterize most working
democracies today.

Citizenship

to see how difﬁcult this result would be to achieve in practice.
Imagine that an election involves four main issues: inheritance
tax, spending on hospitals, the terms of an international treaty,
and involvement in a military campaign on foreign soil. Suppose,
then, there are 3 possible policies being canvassed on the ﬁrst
issue, 5 on the second, 4 on the third, and 2 on the last. That gives
3 × 5 × 4 × 2 = 120 possible views that a citizen might take on
these issues. To vote on all of them would be time-consuming
enough, to expect unanimity – even after a long, public-spirited
discussion of the merits of each of them – not only raises the
degree of commitment expected of each citizen to a level that
starts to exclude having time for anything else, but also is highly
unlikely given that each policy option is liable to reﬂect different
and occasionally incompatible moral positions and empirical
assumptions which can all claim a reasonable degree of
plausibility. Given that my example considerably simpliﬁes the
number and complexity of the issues and related policy options
that generally need to be decided by governments in advanced
societies, the prospects of direct participatory government seem
remote, to say the least. Even if we drop the unanimity condition,
it will simply be too time-consuming and inefﬁcient to involve
everyone in debating and deciding every single issue. It would
raise the transaction costs of each decision to a level where
government would grind to a halt.
It is sometimes suggested we could reserve such methods for the
absolutely key issues, such as constitutional amendments, and
those that affect us most closely – notably the very local or those in
the workplace. Both proposals are certainly more plausible from a
practical perspective. However, each invokes a slightly different
line of argument for more direct democracy, with the reasoning
underlying the second proposal proving more convincing than the
reasons supporting the ﬁrst. The rationale for having referenda
on constitutional issues is often said to be that although it is
impractical and perhaps unnecessary for people to decide all
policy questions collectively, they could only be said to rule
100

13. French campaign posters for the referendum on the European Constitution, 29 May 2005

Citizenship

themselves so long as the ‘rules’ by which they are ruled are
directly and collectively made.
Yet, for a constitutional referendum fully to live up to these
expectations, it too would need to involve both the opportunity of
voting on all the possible options, otherwise voters have at best
only a negative voice to reject proposals advanced by others, and
be repeated at regular intervals, otherwise past voters – many,
possibly all, if one thinks for example of the US Constitution,
dead – will be effectively binding present voters. These
stipulations might be said to be made unnecessary so long as
amendments are possible. However, if changes need unanimity or,
as is more common, a supermajority of voters to be passed (that is,
more than 50% – with two-thirds of the electorate being a regular
condition), then a ‘status quo’ bias is established. In practice,
additional votes are awarded to what exists, because far more are
required for change than for things to stay as they are. That may
seem appropriate if one can assume that what exists is likely to be
superior to any proposed reform. But there is no sound reason to
believe this to be the case. On the contrary, unless all citizens are
entirely equitably and fairly situated at the time a given
constitution is enacted, a condition so far never met anywhere,
then there is a real danger entrenchment will merely further
advantage the privileged against the underprivileged. Moreover,
it is very hard to anticipate the potential perverse effects of
particular clauses or the ways societies may change. For example,
many provisions of the US Constitution clearly reﬂect the
time-bound assumptions of 18th-century America, when militias
provided the role now allotted to a professional army and news
travelled only as fast as the fastest horse. However, although a
majority might well wish to change these and other clauses, doing
so has proven extremely difﬁcult because those who gain
advantage from them can hold out against reform.
Many of these criticisms were made somewhat presciently by
Thomas Jefferson in letters to one of the drafters and key
102

Treating democracy as a system of popular sovereignty, in which
people rule themselves, proves misleading, therefore. Moreover, it
directs attention away from, and may even undermine, its true role
as a fair decision-making process among political equals. Seen in
this light, the core purpose of democracy can be aligned directly
with the underlying rationale of citizenship given in this
book – namely, the establishment of a condition of civic equity. As
we noted in Chapter 1, citizenship assumes both social relations
103

Participation and democracy

proponents of the American Constitution, James Madison. As
Madison came to appreciate, they point not just to practical but
also logical and normative problems with seeing democracy as a
system of collective self-rule. Although a given people may regard
themselves as having collective problems that require a common
solution, the degree to which they identify themselves as a
collectivity will always be limited. Despite sharing certain values
and concerns, they may make divergent empirical and moral
assessments as to the advisability of certain policies and their
conduciveness to the public interest. They may also have equally
reasonable but incompatible interests or commitments. As a
result, any collective policy will require a degree of give and take
from people, with some almost inevitably compromising more
than others. Consequently, almost all involved in any collective
decision will be to some degree ruled by others. So, the electorate
of a country may agree we need a collective policy to tackle the
threats posed by global warming. But for a whole host of
reasons – from ideological differences, to differing interests and
evaluations of the scientiﬁc evidence – they may disagree as to
what precisely ought to be done. Among the package of measures
any government is likely to adopt, most people will ﬁnd some they
agree with and others they do not. So John may agree and Paul
disagree with the increased use of sources of alternative energy,
such as wind power, but John disagree and Paul agree with raising
fuel taxes. Both John and Paul may support the government, but
John rules Paul on the ﬁrst measure and Paul rules John on the
second.

Citizenship

and, by contrast to anarchism, the necessity of the state to regulate
them. Its importance arises precisely because our freedom as
individuals can be both limited by the freedom of others and
require their active cooperation, producing a need for collective
rules and policies that mediate our potential conﬂicts and promote
valuable public goods. Citizenship is about ensuring these rules
and policies treat all those involved as deserving equal concern
and respect. Regarding democracy as a system of self-rule denies
the very need for such common structures because it suggests we
all ought to be able somehow to get what we want – that it would
be ‘undemocratic’ for John and Paul, in my example above, to
compromise at all. Worse, it potentially subverts the search for
equitable solutions by allowing individuals to hold out against any
changes that might threaten their existing privileges. By contrast,
a more citizenship-centred view of the democracy regards it as a
fair process whereby we settle our differences and pursue our
collective ends on an equal basis – accepting that of necessity this
involves ruling and being ruled in turn.
When we turn to the second proposal I gave above of where more
direct and participatory forms of democratic politics might be
plausibly employed – namely, when making very local decisions
among a relatively small group of people, such as in
neighbourhood associations or the workplace – then it is in fact
their link to political equality that gives them their best rationale.
The smallness of the group means all can have a say and an
opportunity to listen and respond to others, and so are more likely
mutually to adjust their positions to reﬂect their respective
arguments and concerns. Moreover, because they live nearby or
work together, they usually have a number of fairly well-deﬁned
shared purposes and issues, and so identify themselves as more of
a collectivity. As a result, the areas and principles over which they
might disagree and the range of options they need to consider will
be much more circumscribed than within a larger, more
heterogeneous community. Even so, consensus may not be

104

possible or even desirable given that, as we saw above, it may
simply be a way for the prejudiced or privileged to hold out against
legitimate change. Consequently, a decision may need to be made
by majority vote. Yet, nobody need feel too excluded as a result –
each has had a hearing and been able to vote on the same terms as
everyone else.

Guardianship
What of the other ideal of democracy canvassed above, that of
decision-making by benevolent experts? Advocates of this
argument contend that rule by the people often fails to deliver rule
for the people – not least because giving equal weight to all views
offers no guarantee that outcomes will be either equitable or serve
the public interest. Instead, they are more likely to reﬂect ignorant
or self-serving prejudices. These dangers can be corrected by
either the objectivity offered by expertise, or the impartiality
provided by a neutral ‘third’ party. As a result, citizens will often
be better off not participating in ruling themselves and trusting
instead in specially selected guardians. Yet each of the claims
underlying this proposal is suspect.

105

Participation and democracy

In these local settings, therefore, participation and direct
democracy will often support political equality because they allow
all views to be given a full and equal airing, and enable citizens to
take on board the opinions and preferences of others. By contrast,
note how direct involvement in a referendum – which is often
upheld as a model of ideal, direct democracy – gives no
opportunity for voters to mutually modify their positions to show
equal respect for the views of others. And, as we saw, if the vote
requires more than a majority to be passed, as is often the case,
then those who favour change are treated less equally than those
who prefer the status quo. As such, it fails by the standard of
citizenship by not encouraging participants to view each other as
equals.

Citizenship

The argument based on the objectivity of expertise originated with
Plato. He maintained that democracy was analogous to handing
the running of a ship to the passengers rather than entrusting it to
a captain. Just as handling tides and rough seas and keeping the
ship from being dashed to pieces on the rocks was a job for a
trained professional, so, he reasoned, government was likewise a
matter for those who had the capacity for and had learned the art
of governing. The difﬁculty is that this analogy breaks down at a
number of places. First, there is no ‘objective’ science of either the
ends that governments should pursue, or necessarily of the best
means to realize them. Both are subject to often contentious and
fallible judgements. Human reasoning has proven incapable of
deﬁning with certainty the most appropriate course of action in all
circumstances for all human beings. The openness of the social
world, the fact that human beings operate in unpredictable and
multifarious ways, make social science far less ‘hard’ than either
natural science or mathematics, where reasoning operates within
an empirically and logically closed set of parameters according to
common norms. Consequently, though the captain may deal with
the technicalities of sailing the ship, it is the passengers who
rightly determine its destination. For there is no science of best
destinations for all people apart from what they themselves see as
most suitable given what they seek out of life.
Second, unless we assume experts to be unfailingly selﬂess and
altruistic as well as omniscient, there is no guarantee that they will
rule for the beneﬁt of others rather than themselves. Though
experts design and build the ship and a captain charts its course, it
is not their benevolence but the need to woo passengers that leads
them to respond in a variety of ways to what people want and in
the process improve both ship design and navigation. Without
that incentive, many technical improvements – especially those
speciﬁcally ‘for’ the people – might never come about. Of course,
competition between sea captains and their companies takes place
in the market, and although the terms may be equal for all, not all
passengers have equal standing – the wealthy are better positioned
106

Plato’s case for ‘objective’ rule by experts rests on dubious
foundations, therefore. It fails to displace the democratic case that
the best guide we have that social and political decisions will be in
the public interest is that they reﬂect the expressed and evolving
choices of citizens under conditions of political equality, and that
rulers are accountable to them for their actions. The impartiality
argument also has Greek roots but takes a slightly different tack.
The claim here is that citizens are likely to be partial to their own
concerns and so fail to accord equal concern and respect to those
of others. As a result, we may need an impartial arbitrator to
ensure all views are considered fairly. That need not be a
guarantee the right decision is reached, but at least it will not
result from bias or prejudice.
A key difﬁculty with this proposal is whether such an impartial
arbitrator exists. Judges are often portrayed in this guise, and in
107

Participation and democracy

than the poor. Yet, those issues that should be the same for all
regardless of wealth, such as basic matters relating to the
sea-worthiness of the vessel, the qualiﬁcations of captains, and so
on, arise from state legislation that responds to the more
substantive equality provided by democratic voting. Again, these
are technical issues, and politicians will necessarily draw on the
advice of a whole range of expert advice when formulating
legislation on such matters. But governments take them into
account because citizens have pressurized them to respond to sea
disasters and the like by imposing a basic regulatory structure on
the shipping industry that reﬂects matters of public interest that
market competition alone would be unlikely to secure on an equal
basis for all. Meanwhile, most technical solutions will raise
problematic empirical and moral issues that even experts may
disagree upon. For example, there will be a balance to be made
between safety and various costs of time, the price of a ticket, and
so on. Again, the most appropriate judges of the risks involved
will be those likely to bear them and in a position to weigh them
against their other concerns and interests – namely, citizens.

Citizenship

certain circumstances they can be – for example, when
adjudicating domestic disputes between separating couples.
However, when deciding collective decisions affecting all citizens,
they are as much a party to any disagreements as anyone else. Of
course, their declared reasoning is constrained by points of law –
yet this may be a hindrance rather than an advantage to the extent
that it forecloses giving a full consideration of the complete range
of moral and empirical issues raised by a given case.
Moreover, the dangers of partiality among the electorate are
overdrawn. The fear here is of the tyranny of the majority. Yet, it is
necessary to specify carefully when a majority could be said to be
tyrannous. This is likely to occur in cases when the majority who
decide is identical to that whose rights and interests are at stake in
the decision. The commonest example of this phenomenon is
when an ethnic group votes to boost its own privileges at the
expense of another ethnic group, as occurred in the past in
Northern Ireland, where the Protestant majority consistently
boosted their own position with respect to the Catholic minority.
However, these are special cases which, as in Northern Ireland,
can be accommodated through democratic mechanisms that force
power-sharing between the main groups. It is unclear that issues
such as afﬁrmative action or abortion, to cite two key areas of
judicial decision-making in the United States and elsewhere,
conform to this pattern. On these sorts of issues, judges are as
partisan as every other citizen in that they have a personal view of
the matter. Meanwhile, those most affected – minority groups and
women respectively – are as divided in their views of these policies
as the rest of the population. It is not that all white males vote
against them and all black women for them.
What democracy provides in this instance is an impartial process
for resolving the dispute. ‘One person, one vote’ recognizes each
citizen as equally entitled to have their view given as much weight
as anybody else’s. Of course, equal weighting in the
decision-making process offers no guarantee that the decision
108

itself will be one that treats all with equal concern and respect. Yet
the very fact that majorities usually have to be constructed by
winning the support of millions of citizens, with most citizens
ﬁnding themselves in a minority on some issues and a majority on
others, creates an egalitarian bias within democracy. Because
everyone is involved in making all decisions, there is an incentive
on the part of citizens to give equal consideration to the views of
others for fear that they will not receive it themselves. Many
readers may feel this is a somewhat idealized view of the
democratic process. In the next section, therefore, I want to show
how many features of existing democratic systems actually
promote this result.

Citizenship and democracy today

Strictly speaking, a system of majority rule involves making
decisions according to one person, one vote and going with those
109

Participation and democracy

The political systems of those countries we call democracies could
not be more different from the model of direct, participatory
democracy, though they increasingly involve many elements of
supposed democratic guardianship. Their main democratic
features lie in offering regular elections in which all adults can
select between the representatives of competing parties by some
form of majority vote. All these elements have been criticized by
proponents of the two democratic ideals explored in the last
section for either failing to engage citizens fully in the democratic
process, or encouraging populism and pandering to the lowest
common denominator. But each of them makes an important
contribution towards securing political equality between citizens
in ways that are appropriate to contemporary conditions. In
particular, they promote the three qualities we saw these two
alternatives lacked: ﬁrst, equity in the formulation of collective
decisions; second, the accountability of rulers to the ruled and
incentives for them to pursue the public’s interest rather their
own; and third, impartiality in the resolving of disagreements.

Citizenship

options that receive more than 50% of the votes cast. From the
perspective of political equality, this arrangement has the beneﬁt
of treating all people’s views in an anonymous and neutral
manner – it does not matter who you are or what you believe or
why, your judgement counts exactly the same as everyone else’s. It
also reﬂects shifts in opinion, so that if the people’s views move
from 60% against a motion to 49% against and 51% in favour,
then the decision passes. In consequence, it accords all views equal
respect. Nevertheless, there are a number of possible problems.
For a start, not all democracies employ a genuine system of
majority rule. Notoriously, Britain and the United States use an
electoral system whereby a party need only attract more votes than
any other in a majority of the legislative constituencies to win an
election. Technically speaking, these are plurality systems and
consistent with the winning party not only attracting fewer than
50% of votes cast – a frequent occurrence in both countries – but
also fewer votes than the runner-up, although so far this has
happened only three times in Britain – in 1951, when Labour
polled more votes but the Conservatives gained more
parliamentary seats, and in 1929 and the ﬁrst election of 1974,
when, by a narrower margin, the reverse occurred.
The various forms of proportional representation (PR) seek to
overcome this problem but run into difﬁculties of their own when
electors are offered more than two options. PR systems look at
how voters rank their preferences among all the available options
and select the one that most people rank highest. These systems
certainly offer a more equitable mechanism for weighing votes
than the plurality, ﬁrst past the post, mechanism adopted in the
USA and UK. However, the different forms of proportional
representation aggregate people’s preferences in different ways
and so identify different options as the most highly preferred.
Worse, it may well be that if we compared people’s ranking of each
option against that of every other option, we would ﬁnd that none
of them was uniquely preferred over all others.
110

Take the following simple example of 100 voters choosing which of
three sources of generating electricity to support:

40 Voters

30 Voters

30 Voters

Nuclear Power

Coal

Wind Energy

Wind Energy

Nuclear Energy

Coal

Coal

Wind Energy

Nuclear Power

Fortunately, though logically possible, these sorts of dilemmas
turn out to be rare in practice. One reason for this rarity stems
from the role of parties. Parties bring together people’s different
preferences on a whole range of issues into a single programme,
uniting them within an overall ideological framework along a
spectrum that in most democracies goes from left to right. That
simpliﬁes the actual choice voters have to make to something
more like a decision between two alternatives. Even within a
multi-party system, they are generally choosing along a
continuum of left to right. In competing for people’s votes during
elections, parties have an incentive to build, or in a multi-party
111

Participation and democracy

As we can see, 70 voters prefer nuclear power to wind energy,
while 70 voters prefer wind energy to coal, but 60 voters prefer
coal to nuclear energy. So no single option is uniquely preferred
over all others. This phenomenon is known as a voting cycle and
was ﬁrst identiﬁed by the Marquis of Condorcet in the 18th
century, and then rediscovered by Charles Dodgson – the
mathematician better known as Lewis Carol, the author of Alice in
Wonderland. In the event of such cycles, selecting any option as
more preferred than any other seems arbitrary. It will be a
function of the voting system and the ways politicians
manipulate it.

Citizenship

system to be part of, a winning coalition. So they try and develop
or form part of a package of policies that will reﬂect people’s most
preferred ranking on different issues. They achieve this result by
converging on the median voter – that is, the voter whose
preference rankings are at the mid-point between the two
extremes. That convergence is sometimes mistakenly criticized for
failing to give voters a choice. However, the opposite turns out to
be the case – it is actually the result of parties seeking to maximize
the degree to which they reﬂect voter choice. In effect, electoral
campaigns mirror the results of deliberation in small settings. In
formulating and discussing the most electorally attractive policy
packages, parties are essentially coordinating the mutual
accommodation of millions of citizens’ views and preoccupations
so that they align with their most favoured preference orderings.
As a result, voters’ views are not only equally respected, but are
likely to be shown equal concern too.
Meanwhile, party discipline keeps representatives to their
electoral pledges. An aspect of the participatory critique of
representative government voiced by Rousseau and others is that
once elected representatives are free to do as they please. Indeed,
prior to the full development of parties, the electoral process was
often characterized as the means whereby the electorate selected
the most able rulers from among their social or intellectual betters
rather than a mechanism for inﬂuencing policy. In essence, it
amounted to an electoral form of guardianship. This view was
most famously expressed by the 18th-century English statesman
and philosopher Edmund Burke when he informed the electors of
Bristol that ‘your representative owes you, not his industry only,
but his judgement; and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he
sacriﬁces it to your opinion’. However, contemporary parties
remain remarkably faithful to their electoral commitments.
Though the tendency of parties to force their representatives to
vote on block is often criticized on Burkean grounds by media
commentators, it is in fact essential for their accountability to the
judgements of the electorate. Of course, unanticipated issues and
112

circumstances arise that call for changes in the legislative
programme, but these tend to be made within the framework set
by the last election or, more frequently perhaps, in anticipation of
the next.

Moreover, politicians no more do ‘anything’ for power than most
entrepreneurs pursue proﬁt at all costs. In particular, politicians
and their parties remain remarkably faithful to their ‘brand’ or
ideology. Even when stealing the opposition’s policies – itself a
beneﬁt to voters in that it reﬂects the need to build coalitions
across the party divide – they attempt to do so in ways that are
consistent with an evolving ideological identity. Political cynicism
proves much rarer than journalists tend to make out.
These effects are all good news for citizens. At the small cost of a
reasonably low input from them, they can get governments to
address their interests and views in ways that treat them – via the
voting system – with a high degree of equal concern and respect.
They can remove unresponsive or incompetent politicians and
arrive at collective decisions in an impartial manner. Yet, it is
undeniable that disaffection for the workings of democracy has
never been higher. Why has this dissatisfaction arisen, and what
does it tell us about the nature of citizenship today?
113

Participation and democracy

Somewhat oddly from a democratic perspective, this attentiveness
of politicians to the views of the electorate is occasionally criticized
as revealing how they will do anything for power. Yet that criticism
is as nonsensical as attacking commercial ﬁrms for pandering to
the wishes of customers simply to make a proﬁt. Just as markets
exploit the entrepreneur’s desire for a proﬁt to the customers’
advantage by using competition to prompt them to innovate and
lower costs so as to maintain or increase their market share, so
democratic systems employ electoral competition for the beneﬁt of
voters by harnessing the desire of politicians for power and their
fear of losing it to make them responsive to policy failures and the
evolving views of the ruled.

Citizenship

14. Barack Obama campaigning to be the Democratic Party’s
presidential candidate, 2008

The end of citizenship?
As we have seen, citizenship involves a degree of solidarity and
reciprocity between citizens. They need to see each other as equal
partners within a collective enterprise in which they share the
costs as well as the beneﬁts. That holds as much for participating
114

in elections as paying taxes. For various reasons, such sentiments
seem to be on the decline. Two broad and, in certain respects,
related manifestations of this phenomenon stand out: the growth
of a more consumer-orientated attitude towards the state and
government, and the fragmentation and attenuation of political
community.

One group, characterized by the economist J. K. Galbraith as the
afﬂuent ‘contented majority’, have become more ambivalent about
electoral politics as they have grown increasingly unwilling to
contribute to collective goods from which they may only beneﬁt
indirectly. They seek a more direct correlation, akin to that
enjoyed by customers in the market, between what they pay and
what they get as individuals. In consequence, they are inclined to
accept a gradual privatization of many hitherto public services,
such as health, education, and even the police. Privatization
undermines civic attitudes not so much through private suppliers
providing public goods and services, which in certain cases may
produce gains in terms of efﬁciency compared to a state-run
provider, as when such goods become perceived as private
consumables rather than a collective responsibility, that ought by
right to be supplied to all citizens on an equitable basis. If a family
has private health insurance and does not use the public education
115

Participation and democracy

Voting within modern democratic systems is sometimes portrayed
and criticized for being self-interested. Indeed, this view often lies
behind fears of tyrannous majorities. As I noted in Chapter 1,
though, the self-interested voter would be more inclined to stay at
home. The probability that any one person’s vote would make a
difference is so small, that the costs of time and inconvenience will
almost certainly outweigh any expected beneﬁt. To vote,
individuals must feel it is important to express their views within
the public arena, and that their voice connects in various ways
with the voices of millions of others, so that it is not just an
isolated vote that they are casting. For rather different reasons,
certain groups of people have started abandoning this civic duty.

Citizenship

system, they will be less inclined to support their provision at
public expense for others. This group’s political activity takes a
correspondingly more privatized form. They gravitate towards
narrower campaigns and pressure groups, often focused on a
single issue, deserting the more encompassing representation
offered by parties. They seek consumer rights and privileges with
regard to particular public services, but are unprepared to pay for
the improvements through higher taxes.
This shift in the social attitudes and political activity of the more
afﬂuent citizens is connected to one aspect of the fragmentation of
modern communities produced by the growing gap between rich
and poor over the past 30 years. These two groups have gradually
come to inhabit different worlds, with the former tempted to see
the latter as a problem to be contained rather than as fellow
citizens within a shared system of social cooperation. Meanwhile,
the social exclusion of the poor includes difﬁculties in organizing
politically and comparatively lower levels of participation. Parties
ﬁnd themselves caught in a dilemma as a result. If they seek to ape
the changes in the electorate and become more like single issue
campaigning groups, they attract criticism for cynically departing
from their role as inclusive and principled movements aiming at
the collective good. Yet, if they adopt that traditional strategy, they
risk losing afﬂuent voters without attracting the votes of the poor.
Cultural fragmentation poses a parallel problem. Attention in the
media tends to focus on multiculturalism resulting from
immigration. However, we saw in Chapter 3 how by and large
immigrants seek inclusion within the wider political community
through policies of non-discrimination. The aim of the vast
majority of immigrants has been to broaden the political culture of
the host state by removing its discriminatory elements, not to
create political enclaves to preserve a culture that most secondand third-generation immigrants come to merge with, or even
discard for, that of the host state. By contrast, already existing,
territorially concentrated minority nations and ethnic groups have
116

become ever more vocal in their demands for greater political
autonomy, especially when accompanied by religious and
linguistic differences from the dominant national group. These
demands have led to the asymmetric devolution of power to those
territories controlled by given minorities, such as Wales, Scotland,
and Northern Ireland in Britain, or Quebec in Canada, and in
Catalonia and the Basque region in Spain.

As a result, consistent minorities are likely to be rare – that is,
people who are in a minority on every issue they care about. The
anti-abortionist may be in a minority on that issue, but could be in
the majority on afﬁrmative action, say. Of course, the issue they
care the most about may be the one they are in a minority on, but
the ‘intensity’ of that situation is likely to be mitigated by their
getting their way on many other (for them) lesser issues. Such
balancing occurs as much within as between parties – especially in
predominantly two-party systems. The resulting need for everyone
to compromise is often misguidedly denigrated as unprincipled.
However, it is precisely this need that produces toleration and
mutual recognition between citizens, enabling all to be seen as
equals and to some degree be included within any winning
majority. Even when one’s most favoured party is in opposition, at
117

Participation and democracy

What the growing divide between rich and poor, and the cultural
split between minority nations or ethnicities and the majority
national political culture, share in common is that both represent
developing segmental or vertical divisions within contemporary
societies. Democracy works best when the main disagreements
among the population are cross-cutting or horizontal divisions. In
these cases, politically important divisions cross over each other.
So there will be socialists among the rich and conservatives among
the poor, there will be poor and rich Catholics who oppose
abortion, and poor and rich people who are pro-choice, there will
be men and women who favour and oppose afﬁrmative action, and
in both cases some will be black and others white, with rich and
poor and those pro- and anti-abortion on each side, and so on.

least some of one’s preferences are likely to be adopted by the
governing party, and possibly promoted better by them than one’s
own preferred party.

Citizenship

When vertical divisions predominate, such inclusiveness is harder
to achieve. Although many cross-cutting issues may exist, the
prime identity will be ethnicity, religion, or nationality and all
other issues will be subordinated to it. In Belgium, for example,
there are Flemish- and French-speaking conservative and socialist
parties, but their collaboration is mitigated by the predominance
of the cultural and linguistic divide.
In such cases, voting rarely inﬂuences the policy choices of
governments because its main purpose is to obtain inﬂuence for
one’s cultural group. Here the danger of minority oppression is
greater because of the separation between the two groups.
Power-sharing may overcome this danger to a degree but can be at
the expense of democratic responsiveness. In Belgium, for
example, elections now barely reﬂect the issue of how the people
are governed, just the extent to which one’s group is involved in
the governing coalition, be that government effective or not. If
divisions become too entrenched, then the only solution may be
complete separation. Yet the vast majority of states will contain
some signiﬁcant cultural minorities, so there will always be limits
as to how far this strategy can be taken. The parallel with the
divide between rich and poor is that the former likewise secede
from the broader political community into their own gated
communities. They withdraw from contributing to the public
sector and seek to rely on private service providers alone.
Globalization has further dissipated political community. States
become weaker and less able to deliver collective goods, increasing
consumerist and privatized political action. National political
cultures are similarly weakened by global market pressures to
greater mobility and the enhanced ability to defect from
collaborative arrangements. We noted in Chapter 4 how this
118

15. The Flemish nationalist group Voorpost carrying a symbolic cofﬁn of Belgium

Citizenship

development has been welcomed by cosmopolitans, who see the
potential for a post-national culture that overcomes cultural,
socio-economic, and political divisions through a commitment to
human rights. As the European Union, without doubt the most
developed transnational political community in the world, reveals,
though, such hopes seem far from realized. The EU’s political
organization remains ﬁrmly based in the national and subnational
allegiances of citizens, with European parties mere parliamentary
factions with no electoral presence. Meanwhile, the EU’s raison
d’être has been to enhance the free movement of capital, goods,
labour, and services in order to promote a European-wide market.
While beneﬁcial economically, this policy has fostered the forces
weakening national political communities without creating a
European political culture. Participation in EU elections is even
lower and falling faster than in domestic politics, though
privileged groups have exploited to great effect the more privatized
routes of pressure group politics and legal action.
What is to be done? Two of the most canvassed solutions are more
participatory forms of democracy, either through referenda or
among selected affected interests or focus groups, such as citizens’
juries, and various forms of expert guardianship. These have been
increasingly deployed as supplements, and even alternatives, to
electoral democracy within well-established democratic systems,
such as the UK and the USA, as well as being extensively used in
the EU, where (as we noted) it has proved impossible to create a
genuine demos or party democracy. Tasks hitherto undertaken by
the elected administration in these countries have increasingly
been devolved onto unelected and semi-independent regulators –
be it the setting of interest rates by the governor of a central bank,
the determination of the minimum wage by special commissions,
or the arbitration of disputes about the location of nuclear reactors
by judicial tribunals.
To the extent that citizens have any say at all in such matters,
it is through consultation exercises via deliberative juries among a
120

Attempts to rebuild a commitment to political participation
through citizenship education represent a more promising
response, although as we saw in Chapter 3, they are not without
problems of their own. By and large, patterns of civic engagement
or disengagement are created at an early age. Studies have shown
that voting or not voting in the very ﬁrst election for which one is
eligible is a good guide to one’s likely participation or lack of it in
later life. So, the more young people can be informed about and
interested in democratic politics prior to their ﬁrst opportunity to
vote, the better. Civic engagement is also likely to be improved by
attempts to devolve power to more local communities. Shared
values and common purposes are likely to be stronger in such
settings, and with them the willingness to engage in collective
programmes.
121

Participation and democracy

representative sample of the public, the involvement of
campaigning groups; or local and, very occasionally, national
referenda. However, we saw that these devices are more part
of the problem than its solution, for each works against the
idea of a condition of civic equality which is the deﬁning feature
of citizenship. Deference to expertise suggests that the issue is
one that citizens are either incompetent or untrustworthy to
express an opinion on, or that is somehow beyond politics – a
matter of how things are. Either way, such moves suggest that
it is somehow unnecessary and even illegitimate for citizens to
seek to engage with each other as equals in deliberating about
matters of collective concern. As such, it reinforces the
disenchantment with and withdrawal from politics as a civic duty
to reach agreement on the public good. That is not helped by
consultation exercises with selected citizens and groups. For, as we
saw, these likewise do not encourage citizens to accommodate and
respond to the needs and views of others when framing collective
policies. On the contrary, they allow citizens to employ politics to
pursue purely private concerns or voice personal beliefs without
any requirement to take account of the opinions of their fellow
citizens.

Citizenship

However, the biggest nettle to grasp is probably that of widening
social and economic inequality. As we have seen, more than
anything else it is the capacity for the wealthy to remove
themselves from collective arrangements that erodes the
commitment to a search for public solutions on the basis of
political equality. Globalization is often blamed for this
development, with the dominance of market forces said to be
inevitable when companies can operate outside state control by
organizing production and exchange transnationally. Yet, such
arguments appear to be exaggerated. As the example of the
Scandinavian countries shows, it remains entirely possible for
states to adapt to this new global economic environment and
compete successfully, while retaining a commitment to their
traditionally high levels of welfare and social spending. Moreover,
through cooperation in regional bodies such as the EU, they have
been able collectively to regulate global economic processes.
Commentators tend to divide as to whether they blame the current
decline in active political citizenship on citizens themselves, social
forces, such as globalization, or politicians and political structures.
No doubt all share some responsibility. However, as we have seen,
none can be regarded as being beyond remedy or as having
rendered the ideal of citizenship either implausible or incoherent.
Nation states retain their capacity, both alone and increasingly
through cooperation, to tackle the economic, social, and cultural
problems of today’s globalized and complex societies. They also
remain a highly suitable context for what remains the most
appealing and viable form of democratic politics: namely, a system
of representative democracy based on competing political parties.
Above all, the appeal of a society of civic equals who share in
fashioning their collective life remains a powerful one. Citizenship
informs and gives effect to central features of our social morality.
It underlies our whole sense of self-worth, affecting in the process
the ways we treat others and are treated by them. It stands behind

122

the commitment to rights and the appreciation of cultural
diversity that are among the central moral achievements of the late
20th and early 21st centuries. It has become fashionable to try and
detach these effects of citizenship from any involvement in politics
or democracy. What I hope to have shown in this book is that that
is not possible. Citizenship and democratic politics stand and fall
together. To seek to divorce the two undermines not just the
possibility of political citizenship, but the values associated with
the very idea of citizenship itself. The reinvigoration of citizenship,
therefore, depends on revitalizing rather than diminishing
political participation and with it the sense of belonging and the
commitment to rights that are its prime beneﬁts.

Participation and democracy

123

Further reading

General reading
There are several general books and collections of essays available
for those who want to explore the themes of this book further.
Most of them combine some treatment of the history of
citizenship with a discussion of contemporary issues.
P. B. Clarke, Citizenship (Pluto Press, 1994) and H. R. van
Gunsteren, A Theory of Citizenship: Organising Plurality in
Contemporary Democracies (Westview, 1998) attempt respectively
to update the Greek and Roman accounts of citizenship outlined
in Chapter 2.
J. M. Barbalet, Citizenship: Rights, Struggle and Class Inequality
(Open University Press, 1988); T. Janoski, Citizenship and Civil
Society (Cambridge University Press, 1998); and B. Turner,
Citizenship and Capitalism: The Debate over Reformism (Unwin
Hyman, 1986) develop in different ways the sociological themes
also discussed in Chapter 2.
Two useful collections of essays covering the whole ﬁeld are
R. Beiner (ed.), Theorizing Citizenship (SUNY Press, 1995), and
E. F. Isin and B. S. Turner, Handbook of Citizenship Studies
(Sage, 2003).
124

Chapter 1
The general books mentioned above all address the issues
discussed here and attempt to come up with a deﬁnition of
citizenship suited to modern conditions.
D. Heater, What Is Citizenship? (Polity, 1998) covers much the
same themes but offers in many respects a contrasting, less
political, account of citizenship to the one presented in this book.
P. Norris (ed.), Critical Citizens (Oxford University Press, 1999)
provides a useful collection of essays on changing patterns of
political participation in the world’s main democracies.

Chapter 2

D. Heater, A Brief History of Citizenship (Edinburgh University
Press, 2004) and P. Magnette, Citizenship: The History of an Idea
(ECPR Press, 2005) both offer accessible histories of the concept.
M. Mann, ‘Ruling Strategies and Citizenship’, Sociology, 21 (1987),
pp. 339–54 is an inﬂuential critique of T. H. Marshall, while D.
Held, Political Theory and the Modern State (Polity, 1989), chapter
7 offers a defence. R. Bellamy, D. Castiglione, and E. Santoro (eds),
Lineages of European Citizenship: Rights, Belonging and
Citizenship in Eleven Nation-States (Palgrave, 2004) explores the
development of citizenship in Europe, with a chapter on the
United States for comparative purposes, a topic dealt with at book
125

Further reading

The essay by J. G. A. Pocock, ‘The Ideal of Citizenship since
Classical Times’, can be found in R. Beiner (ed.), Theorizing
Citizenship (SUNY Press, 1995), pp. 29–52. M. Walzer’s
‘Citizenship’ appears in T. Ball, J. Farr, and R. L. Hanson, Political
Innovation and Conceptual Change (Cambridge University Press,
1989), pp. 211–19. T. H. Marshall’s classic essay was published as
Citizenship and Social Class (Cambridge University Press,
1950).

length in J. N. Shklar, American Citizenship: The Quest for
Inclusion (Harvard University Press, 1998).

Citizenship

Chapter 3
As the subtitle of Shklar’s book indicates, issues of membership,
inclusion, and exclusion form a central theme of the historical
accounts listed in Chapter 2. The impact of women’s membership
of the citizenship body is discussed in R. Lister, Citizenship:
Feminist Perspectives, 2nd edn. (Palgrave, 2003) and B. Siim,
Gender and Citizenship (Cambridge University Press, 2000).
Multiculturalism and ethnic diversity are discussed in
W. Kymlicka, Multicultural Citizenship (Clarendon Press, 1995),
and W. Kymlicka and W. Norman (eds), Citizenship in Diverse
Societies (Oxford University Press, 2000). The link between
nationality and citizenship is explored in D. Miller, Citizenship
and National Identity (Polity, 2000), while the challenge to this
link posed by immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers is
explored in R. Bauböck, Transnational Citizenship: Membership
and Rights in Transnational Migration (Edward Elgar, 1994);
S. Castles and A. Davidson, Citizenship and Migration:
Globalisation and the Politics of Belonging (Palgrave, 2000); and
S. Benhabib, The Rights of Others: Aliens, Residents and Citizens
(Cambridge University Press, 2004).

Chapter 4
The need to develop a post-national, cosmopolitan form of global
citizenship based on rights was articulated in a European context
in an inﬂuential essay by J. Habermas, ‘Citizenship and National
Identity: Some Reﬂections on the Future of Europe’, Praxis
International, 12 (1992), pp. 1–9. A debate, partly inspired by his
argument, can be found in K. Hutchings and R. Dannreuther,
Cosmopolitan Citizenship (Macmillan, 1999). L. Dobson,
Supranational Citizenship (Manchester University Press, 2006)
126

offers a parallel rights-based argument that is also inspired by
developments in the EU. An accessible overview of these debates is
provided by D. Heater, World Citizenship: Cosmopolitan Thinking
and Its Opponents (Continuum, 2002). The cosmopolitan ideal
more generally is defended in C. Beitz, Political Theory and
International Relations, 2nd edn. (Princeton University Press,
1999) and C. Jones, Global Justice: Defending Cosmopolitanism
(Oxford University Press, 1999).

Chapter 5
R. Dahl, Democracy and Its Critics (Yale University Press, 1989)
and A. Weale, Democracy, 2nd edn. (Palgrave, 2007) offer
excellent overviews of various arguments for and against
democracy, highlighting its signiﬁcance for citizenship as a means
for securing political equality. C. Pattie, P. Seyd, and P. Whiteley,
Citizenship in Britain: Values, Participation and Democracy
(Cambridge University Press, 2004) looks at changing patterns of
political participation in the UK, while P. Norris, Democratic
Phoenix: Reinventing Political Activism (Cambridge University
Press, 2002) and R. Dalton, Democratic Challenges, Democratic
Choices: The Erosion of Support in Advanced Industrial
Democracies (Oxford University Press, 2004) explore participation
worldwide. D. Held, Democracy and the Global Order (Polity,
1995) defends cosmopolitan democracy, while A. Weale,
Democratic Citizenship in the European Union (Manchester
127

Further reading

Rights-based citizenship at the domestic level, and the need for
the constitutional entrenchment of rights, is most ably defended
in the writings of R. Dworkin, Freedom’s Law: The Moral Reading
of the American Constitution (Oxford University Press, 1996).
His ideas are subjected to criticism in J. Waldron, Law and
Disagreement (Oxford University Press, 1999) and R. Bellamy,
Political Constitutionalism: A Republican Defence of the
Constitutionality of Democracy (Cambridge University Press,
2007).

Citizenship

University Press, 2006) looks at democratic citizenship in the
only transnational context in which it currently applies, as does
R. Bellamy, D. Castiglione, and J. Shaw, Making European
Citizens: Civic Inclusion in a Transnational Context (Palgrave,
2006). C. Hay, Why We Hate Politics (Polity, 2007) explores the
extent and causes of the current disengagement with politics.

128

democracy 1–3 99–105 see also
elections; voting and
right to vote

Index

accountability of rulers 109, 112–13
equal legal status 39–40
gender 66–7
guardianship 105–9, 112, 120–1
ideal democracy 98
legal and political citizenship 1–12,
42–5
local democracy 61–2, 95, 104–5
majority rule 8–9, 109–11
membership and belonging 1,
12–13, 25
political parties, role of 111–13,
117–18
property ownership 56–7
referenda 100, 102–3, 105, 120–1
rights 13–15, 87–8

A
Aristotle 29, 31–4, 39
asylum seekers 11, 13, 76, 96
attitudes to citizenship 3–4,
22–3, 97–8, 113–23

B
belonging see membership and
belonging
British citizenship, rights of 78
Burke, Edmund 112

dependency, persons in state of
59–60
developing world 81–2, 94
devolution 74, 117, 121
discrimination 35, 54, 73–4, 76,
90, 95, 116
diversity 71–2, 83, 85, 123

C
ceremonies 73–4
children 59–60
Cicero 36–7
class 35–7, 47–8
collective interests 3, 12–15, 19,
103–4, 109
components of citizenship 12–17,
25
constitutional documents,
entrenchment of rights
in 90–1
cosmopolitan citizenship 82–7,
96, 120
criminals, disenfranchisement of
64
culture 13, 25, 73, 116–19

E
education 25, 121
elections 3, 22, 24, 64–5, 112–13,
120 see also voting and
right to vote
empirical theories of citizenship
27, 28–9
environment 61, 62–3, 94
equality 7, 11–17, 22–3, 29, 34–5,
38–42, 47–9, 66, 82,
121–3
ethnicity and nationality 54,
69–75, 120

D

discrimination 73–4, 77, 91
Greek model 31, 35
human rights 74–5
language 70–1, 74, 117, 118

deﬁnition of citizenship 12–17,
32
129

political participation 29, 31–5, 39,
82
property ownership 59
public ofﬁce, mandatory holding of
32–3, 35
Roman model, differences from
35–9
small states 33–4
Sparta 29, 33

multiculturalism 2, 13, 24–5, 54,
69–75, 77, 116
parallel legal systems 74
primary identity 118
reciprocity 70–1
self-government rights 73–4, 117
tyranny of the majority 118
women, attitudes to 75

European Union 24, 51, 120
exclusions from citizenship
12–13, 20, 31, 52–75,
98
expert guardianship, democracy
and 105–9, 112, 120–1

guardianship, democracy and
105–9, 112, 120–1

H
higher law, constructions of
40–2
Hobbes, Thomas 41–2
human rights 51, 79–7 see also
rights

Citizenship

F
feminist critique 65–9
freedom of contract 59
free-riders 11, 13, 18
French Declaration of Rights of
Man 1789 42–3
fundamental law 40–2

charters and international
agreements 84
cosmopolitan citizenship 82–7, 96,
120
ethnicity and nationality 74–5
exploitation of developing world
81–2
international courts 85–7
majority, tyranny of the 85
universalization 80–1

G
Galbraith, JK 115
gap between rich and poor,
growth in 116–18, 122
gender 31, 35, 54, 65–9, 75, 90
global justice 2, 23–4, 50–1, 83,
92, 94–6, 118–19, 122
globalization 2, 23–4, 122
Greek model 28–35

humanitarian aid 81, 95–6

I
immigration 13, 24–5, 76–7, 95,
116–17
international courts 85–7, 87, 92

Athens 29, 31–3, 54
civic duties 32–3, 36, 55
democracy 34, 97, 98
discrimination 35, 54
eligibility for citizenship 31
equality 34–5
exclusions 31, 98
gender, race and class 31, 35
jury service and military service 32,
33
oppression and repression 35

J
Jefferson, Thomas 102–3

K
Kant, Immanuel 83–4
130

L

P

language 70–1, 74, 76–7, 116, 117,
118
legal citizenship 39–40, 50–1, 82,
84, 97–8
local democracy 61–2, 95, 104–5
Locke, John 41–2

participation in community
processes 7, 12, 13, 15–17
Plato 33, 106–7
political citizenship 1–12, 22–3,
42–5, 49–51, 87–8, 96
political parties 7–9, 117–18, 122
European Union 24, 120
policies 111–13
property ownership 56–7

M

collective beneﬁts and rights 12–13,
15
ethnicity, nationality and
multiculturalism 54, 69–75
exclusions and inclusions 12–13,
52–77
gender 54, 65–9
property ownership 54, 55–65
right to have rights 87–8

criminals, disenfranchisement of
64
dependency, persons in state of
59–60
exclusions 59–60
householders 55
independence 58–60
local citizens 62–3
long-term commitment 61–2, 95
membership and belonging 54,
55–65
military service 64–5
political parties 56–7
politicians, professional class of 56,
58
private interests 55–6
public good 55–6
reciprocity 59, 63–4
residence, period of continuous 62,
95

mentally ill 59–60
migrants 13, 24–5, 76–7, 95,
116–17
military service 27–8, 33, 64–5
minorities 91, 117–18
models of citizenship 29–45
multiculturalism 2, 13, 24–5, 54,
69–75, 77, 116

N
nationality see ethnicity and
nationality
non-citizens, rights of 9–10, 87
normative theories of citizenship
27, 28–9

public goods and public interests
17–24, 38, 39, 41, 56–8
Putney Debates of 1647 60–1
131

Index

politicians, professional class of
56, 58
private arrangements,
contracting into 20,
115–16, 118, 122
private interests 38–9, 41, 43,
55–7, 106, 115
privatization of public services
115–16, 118, 122
property ownership and
properties of citizenship
54, 55–65

Machiavelli, Niccolo 36, 37–8,
58
Madison, James 38, 103
majority 8–9, 85, 90–1, 108–11,
115–16
Marshall, T. H. 45, 47–50
membership and belonging 1,
16–17, 25, 52–77

R

judicial powers 36
legal citizenship 39–40, 82, 84,
97–8
patricians and plebeians 35–7
rule of law 39–41
Senate and Tribunes of the People
36
vote, right to 39

Citizenship

race see ethnicity and nationality
reciprocity 8, 59, 63–4, 70–1, 94,
114–15
referenda 100, 102–3, 105, 120–1
religion 85, 117
residence 59, 62–4, 95
right to have rights 16, 17, 87–96

Rousseau, Jean-Jacques 58,
99
rule of law 39–41

constitutional documents,
entrenchment in 90–1
developing countries 94
discrimination 90–1
global justice 92, 94–6
humanitarian intervention 95–6
international agreements 92, 94
majoritarianism 90–1
pre-political rights 88, 90
self-determination of political
communities 95
transnational groups 92
welfare systems 94–5

S
self-determination and
self-government 74–5,
95, 117
separatism 83
Smith, Adam 58
social contract 74
sociological theories of
citizenship 45–51
solidarity 46–7, 70, 74
Sparta 29, 33

rights 3, 13–17, 78–96 see also
human rights; right to
have rights
civic duties and rights 15, 47–8, 49,
80, 85
collective goods, rights to 14–15
equality 15, 79
national identity 79
positive or institutional rights
78–9, 87
social and economic rights 48–50,
80–1, 82, 91
United States 79

T
taxes 63
terrorism 77
tests 73, 76
theories of citizenship 27–9

U

Rokkan, Stein 45–6
Roman model 28–9, 97–8

unanimity 34, 100, 102
United States 38, 42–3, 79, 91,
102–3, 107–8

Aventine Hill, secession of
plebeians to 36
checks and balances 38
class conﬂict 35–7
division of power 38
eligibility for citizenship 39
equality 29, 38–41, 82
Greek model, differences
from 35–9

V
voting and right to vote 2, 3–5, 14,
57, 115, 118
all issues, voting on 99–100, 102
132

public interest 57–8
Roman citizenship 39
United States 110

conscription and universal suffrage,
connection between 64–5
decline in turnout 1, 3–4, 18–19, 97
exclusions, grounds for 12–13
ﬁrst elections, voting or not voting
in 121
majority rule 8–9, 108–11
proportional representation
110

W
Weber, Max 56
welfare states 29, 69–70, 94–5

Index

133

This page intentionally left blank

Visit the

VERY SHORT
INTRODUCTIONS
Web site

www.oup.co.uk/vsi
> Information about all published titles

> News of forthcoming books
>• Extracts from the books, including titles
not yet published
> Reviews and views
> Links to other web sites and main
OUP web page
> Information about VSIs in translation
> Contact the editors
> Order other VSIs on-line

ARISTOTLE
A Very Short Introduction
Jonathan Barnes
The influence of Aristotle, the prince of philosophers, on
the intellectual history of the West is second to none. In
this book Jonathan Barnes examines Aristotle's scientific
research, his discoveries in logic, his metaphysical
theories, his work in psychology, ethics, and politics, and
his ideas about art and poetry, placing his teachings in
their historical context.

'With compressed verve, Jonathan Barnes displays the
extraordinary Versatility of Aristotle, the great
systematising empiricist.'
Sunday Times

www.oup.co.uk/isbn/0-19-285408-9

POLITICS
A Very Short Introduction
Kenneth Minogue
In this provocative but balanced essay, Kenneth
Minogue discusses the development of politics from the
ancient world to the twentieth century. He prompts us to
consider why political systems evolve, how politics offers
both power and order in our society, whether democracy
is always a good thing, and what future politics may
have in the twenty-first century.

This is a fascinating book which sketches, in a very short
space, one view of the nature of politics ... the reader is
challenged, provoked and stimulated by Minogue's
trenchant views.'
Ian Davies, Talking Politics
'a dazzling but unpretentious display of great scholarship
and humane reflection'
Neil O'Sullivan, University of Hull

www.oup.co.uk/vsi/politics

MACHIAVELLI
A Very Short Introduction
Quentin Skinner
Niccolo Machiavelli taught that political leaders must be
prepared to do evil that good may come of it, and his
name has been a byword ever since for duplicity and
immorality. Is his sinister reputation deserved? In
answering this question Quentin Skinner focuses on three
major works - The Prince, the Discourses, and The
History of Florence - and distils from them an introduction
to Machiavelli's doctrines of exemplary clarity.

'Skinner succeeds brilliantly in this interpretation. Clear
and concise, this book is the best short introduction of
Machiavelli's thought that is available today.'
Felix Gilbert, Italian Quarterly
'One can have nothing but praise for the clarity and
intelligence of the work'
Mark Phillips, History of European Ideas

www.oup.co.uk/isbn/0-19-285407-0

THE FRENCH
REVOLUTION
A Very Short Introduction
William Doyle
Beginning with a discussion of familiar images of the
French Revolution, garnered from Dickens, Baroness
Orczy, and Tolstoy, this short introduction leads the reader
to the realization that we are still living with the legacy of
the French Revolution. It destroyed age-old cultural,
institutional, and social structures in France and beyond.
William Doyle shows how the ancien regime became
ancien as well as examining cases in which achievement
failed to match ambition, exploring its consequences in
the arenas of public affairs and responsible government,
and ending with thoughts on why the revolution has been
so controversial.

'A brilliant combination of narrative and analysis, this
masterly essay provides the best introduction to its
subject in any language.'
Tim Blanning, University of Cambridge

www.oup.co.uk/isbn/0-19-285396-1

HISTORY
A Very Short Introduction
John H. Arnold
History: A Very Short Introduction Is a stimulating
essay about how we understand the past. The book
explores various questions provoked by our understanding of history, and examines how these questions have
been answered in the past. Using examples of how historians work, the book shares the sense of excitement at
discovering not only the past, but also ourselves.

'A stimulating and provocative introduction to one of collective humanity's most important quests - understanding the past and its relation to the present. A vivid mix
of telling examples and clear cut analysis.'
David Lowenthal, University College London
This is an extremely engaging book, lively, enthusiastic
and highly readable, which presents some of the fundamental problems of historical writing in a lucid and
accessible manner. As an invitation to the study of
history it should be difficult to resist.'
Peter Burke, Emmanuel College, Cambridge

www.oup.co.uk/vsi/history

