Autism: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating and
accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have been
published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
Antisemitism Steven Beller
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
AUTISM Uta Frith
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
CATHOLICISM Gerald O’Collins
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe

CHAOS Leonard Smith
CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM
Patricia Aufderheide
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch

EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Paul Langford
THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION John Pinder
and Simon Usherwood
EVOLUTION
Brian and Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALAXIES John Gribbin
GALILEO Stillman Drake
Game Theory Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOGRAPHY John A. Matthews and
David T. Herbert
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE Nicholas Boyle
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION AND
THE NEW DEAL Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
History of Life Michael Benton
THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE
William Bynum
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden

INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary
INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LAW Raymond Wacks
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
THE MEANING OF LIFE
Terry Eagleton
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MEMORY Jonathan Foster
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN CHINA Rana Mitter
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MORMONISM
Richard Lyman Bushman
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NELSON MANDELA Elleke Boehmer
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
NUCLEAR WEAPONS
Joseph M. Siracusa

THE OLD TESTAMENT
Michael D. Coogan
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close
PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
THE QUAKERS Pink Dandelion
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
RELATIVITY Russell Stannard
RELIGION IN AMERICA
Timothy Beal
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling

RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith
SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
SEXUALITY Véronique Mottier
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Kenneth O. Morgan
THE UNITED NATIONS
Jussi M. Hanhimäki
THE VIETNAM WAR
Mark Atwood Lawrence
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION Amrita Narlikar

Available Soon:
APOCRYPHAL GOSPELS
Paul Foster
Expressionism Katerina Reed-Tsocha
FREE SPEECH Nigel Warburton

PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
SCOTLAND Rab Houston
STATISTICS David Hand

For more information visit our websites
www.oup.com/uk/vsi
www.oup.com/us

Uta Frith

Autism
A Very Short Introduction

1

1

Great Clarendon Street, Oxford OX2 6DP
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
c Uta Frith 2008

The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First Published 2008
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Frith, Uta.
Autism : a very short introduction / Uta Frith.
p. cm. – (Very short introductions (VSI))
ISBN 978–0–19–920756–5
1. Autism in children. I. Title.
RJ506.A9.F694 2008
618.92 89–dc22
2008027742
ISBN 978–0–19–920756–5
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

Contents

Acknowledgements ix
List of illustrations xi

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

The autism spectrum 1
The changing face of autism 20
A huge increase in cases 39
Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder 52
Social communication: the heart of the matter 65
Seeing the world differently 85
From theory to practice 105
Specialist references 122
Further reading 125
Index 127

This page intentionally left blank

Acknowledgements

I thought this short introduction would be quick and easy to write.
How wrong! It was a long, slow and sometimes uncomfortable
process. It made me revisit my past and review different ideas
about autism, having to make selections as well as omissions. It
made me realize that there are rather few solid facts about autism.
Instead, I have selected what I consider good bets about the
results of still ongoing research. I am hopeful that the studies I
have picked will stand the test of time.
Given these difﬁculties it was imperative that I had knowledgeable
reviewers. I was very fortunate to count Chris Frith, Francesca
Happé, and Sarah White among them. They gave invaluable
advice and critically important suggestions for improvement. They
did not discourage me from including some more speculative
thoughts.
I would also like to thank my most constant and constructive
critics, Alex and Martin Frith. Alex edited most of the chapters in
a sensitive and accomplished manner. My friend, Heide Grieve, as
always gave excellent advice. I am deeply grateful to Chris, Franky
and Sarah for helping me to decide what should be included in
this introduction to autism and what could be left out. This book
belongs to them.
Aarhus, 24 January 2008

This page intentionally left blank

List of illustrations

1a Key feature 1: In a world of his
own 10

4

c Abraham Menashe/Alamy


Increase in cases diagnosed
autistic 40
From Croen, L.A., Grether, J.K.,
Hoogstrate J. and Selvin, S. (2002)
Journal of Autism and Developmental
Disorders, 32, 207–15. Reprinted with
permission from Springer Verlag

1b Key feature 2: Unable to
communicate 10
c Stephen Voss


1c Key feature 3: Restricted and
repetitive. 11

5

From Croen, L.A., Grether, J.K.,
Hoogstrate J. and Selvin, S. (2002)
Journal of Autism and Developmental
Disorders, 32, 207–15. Reprinted with
permission from Springer Verlag

c 2003 Nancy J. Price


2a Rainman 30
c United Artists/The Kobal

Collection

Increase in cases without
mental retardation 41

6

2b Kim Peek 31

Demonstration against
MMR 43
c Janine Wiedel Photolibrary/Alamy


Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital,
California/Richard Green

7 Connectivity in the brain 62
3 The Curious Incident
of the Dog in the
Night-time 36
Reprinted by permission of The
Random House Group Ltd.

Reprinted by permission Avi Peled
2007

8

Very large brain 63
c University of California and

Children’s Hospital, San Diego,
courtesy of Eric Courchesne

9

Sally–Anne test 68
This test was used by
Baron-Cohen, S., Leslie, A.
and Frith, U. (1985) Cognition,
21, 37–46

10 Triangles interacting 70
Adapted from Castelli, F., Happé, F.,
Frith, U. and Frith, C.D. (2000)
Neuroimage 12, 3, 314–25

14 Contagious yawning 80
Copyright Digital Vision/Alamy;
From Senju A., Maeda M., Kikuchi Y.,
Hasegawa T., Tojo and Osanai H.
(2007) Biological Letters, 22, 706–8.
Reprinted with permission from the
Royal Society

15 London cityscape, by Stephen
Wiltshire 86
c Stephen Wiltshire


11 The brain’s mentalizing
system 71
Adapted from Castelli, F., Happé, F.,
Frith, U. and Frith, C.D. (2000)
Neuroimage 12, 3, 314–25

12 Patterns of eye gaze 75
From Klin, A., Jones, W., Schultz, R.,
Volkmar, F., and Cohen, D. (2002)
American Journal of Psychiatry, 159,
895–908. Reprinted with permission
from American Psychiatric
Association

13 Imitation of hand
movements 78
Based on Hamilton, A.F.d.C.,
Brindley, R.M., Frith, U. (2007)
Neuropsychologia, 45, 1859–68.
Photo courtesy of Antonia Hamilton

16 Attention to detail 89
c John Birdsall


17 Tasks showing superior
performance 92
From Dakin, S. & Frith, U. (2005)
Vagaries of visual perception in
autism. Neuron, 48, 497–507.
Reprinted with permission from Cell
Press

18 In the supermarket 97
c Left Lane Productions/Corbis


19 Temple Grandin 113
c Rosalie Winard


20 Thomas the Tank Engine 116
c Gullane (Thomas) LLC 2003.

Published by Egmunt UK Ltd. and
used with permission

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Chapter 1
The autism spectrum

Is it autism?
Imagine a young mother and her baby. She adores him, and he is
gorgeous. But, deep down Diane can’t help worrying just
occasionally, whether Mickey will grow up a normal happy boy.
How could she tell if he has autism, for example? There is so much
about autism in the news. Almost one in a hundred children born
are autistic with ﬁve times as many boys as girls. An autistic child
conjures up all sorts of scenarios, most of them bleak. And what
are the ﬁrst signs of autism? Is it signiﬁcant that Mickey cries
a lot, doesn’t sleep much and is not easily calmed? Lots of babies
are like that, Diane’s mother says. She worries, however, that
Mickey does not always turn around when she calls him from
across the room.
When Diane started to read about autism she found the
information quite unsettling. She read that some children are very
delayed in their general development. Then there were some
children who gave no cause for concern at all until well into their
second year of life. One child never spoke; another was actually a
little genius. Diane, like many people who are starting to ﬁnd out
about autism, is perplexed, but also intrigued.

1

The enigma of autism

Autism

When I ﬁrst started to study autism as a young student in London
in the 1960s I too was perplexed and intrigued. More than that, I
was utterly fascinated as well as puzzled by the children I saw at
London’s Maudsley Hospital, where I trained to be a clinical
psychologist. Because of this fascination I never worked as a
clinical psychologist, but became a research scientist instead. But
of course, fascination is not enough. At that time the Maudsley
hospital housed four of the pioneers of autism research: child
psychiatrist Michael Rutter, epidemiologist Lorna Wing, and
psychologists Neil O’Connor and Beate Hermelin. I had read some
of their papers, but did not even realize that they worked at the
same place.
The papers reported ingenious experiments on perception and
memory. They compared children who were then labelled
mentally retarded and children then just beginning to be labelled
autistic, and they found clear differences between the groups.
These differences were clues to different minds. They could
not be trivially explained by lack of intelligence or lack of
motivation. I was completely bowled over by the fact that such
elegant experiments could be done and gave such clear results.
Beate Hermelin and Neil O’Connor had already worked out
ways of answering questions that puzzled me deeply. For
example, why do some tasks, apparently simple, seem quite
impossible for autistic children? Why are they doing well on
other tasks, which appear difﬁcult for others? Why is a child who
has a good memory for words unable to comprehend their
meaning? I now believe that it was just these paradoxes and
puzzles that cast something of a spell on me. They kept urging me
to ﬁnd solutions.
Forty years later, the spell is still powerful. Although there are
answers to some of these questions—and we will explore them in

2

this book—there is much more still to be discovered, and the
puzzle of autism is far from being solved.
What I learned right at the beginning is that with autism
nothing is what it seems at ﬁrst glance. Just because a child
with autism doesn’t respond to your overtures, doesn’t mean
that the child rejects you. The reasons for not responding are
much deeper. Further, just because a child can remember words
and pictures does not mean that they can remember names and
faces of people. One of the most startling realizations that hit me
was that being autistic could be in many ways worse than being
born blind or deaf. Autistic children—barring exceptions—can
see and hear, often exquisitely well. But, while blind and deaf
children can still receive and respond to social signals through a
special sense, autistic children don’t have this sense.

Why does learning in autism proceed along a different route?
Because autism starts so early in life, many of the social routes to
learning about the world are blocked. Normally developing
children can easily follow the path that has been carved out by
evolution and culture. But autistic children have to ﬁnd their own
special routes on the byways. This makes them very different from

3

The autism spectrum

It is hard to imagine what it is like not to have a social sense, not to
be tuned in to other people, their actions, reactions, and the
signals they give out to you and each other. As it is, autistic
children are not tuned into these things. However, they do have
mental capacities that help them to learn about these signals. But
they learn in a different way. Sadly, the knowledge they acquire is
not the same as the ordinary ‘tuned in’ knowledge that we all take
for granted. A colour-blind person can acquire knowledge of
colours and name them correctly, but their experience of colours
will remain different. So it is with autism and the experience of
social communication.

each other as well as different from children who do not have
autism.

The autism spectrum

Autism

When I ﬁrst saw autistic children I was only dimly aware that
autism comes in degrees, from mild to severe. Actually, all the
cases I saw were severe. When I see autistic children now, I am
still surprised at how many cases are high functioning and how
many cases have only mild and moderate degrees of autism. To see
a child with classic autism has become the exception. But I am
reassured that such cases are still there, and that they have the
same features as they did forty years ago. However, autism is no
longer a narrow category but has widened enormously to embrace
a whole range of autistic conditions. It has now become generally
accepted to talk about an autism spectrum.
What is meant by this spectrum? Actually, it hides a vast array of
‘autisms’. All the autisms originate from before birth, and all affect
the developing brain. However, their effect on the developing
mind can be very different. Consequently, there is a vastly different
range of behaviours. Sometimes a family can be justly proud of
their child, who is interestingly different, and possibly gifted in
some special way. Sometimes a family will be destroyed because
their child will be so difﬁcult to manage that they simply cannot
cope. Of course there are many shades in between, and most cases
come with a mixture of rewarding and fascinating as well as
aggravating and challenging features.
Every individual is unique in a multitude of ways, but they also
resemble each other in some fundamental preferences and
characteristics. What binds them all together, the mild and severe
forms of the spectrum? At the core, there is always a characteristic
inability to engage in ordinary reciprocal social interaction. There
is also a characteristic rigidity of behaviour, with a multitude of
consequences. That is why no one has yet given up the idea that
4

there is a common pattern behind the kaleidoscope of individual
behaviours. I will therefore frequently use the familiar terms
autism and autistic, as a reminder that there is central idea behind
the spectrum.

Three cases
Now we shall look at three cases closely based on real cases from
different parts of the autism spectrum. David has classic autism.
Gary has an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) with a diffuse and
atypical picture, but such complex cases are actually quite
common. Edward has classic Asperger syndrome.

David

David learned to talk when he was 5. He now goes to a special
school for autistic children, where he is happy. He has a daily
routine, which he never varies. It is hard to tell how intelligent
David is. Some things he learns with great skill and speed. For
example, he learned to read all by himself. He now reads ﬂuently,
but he doesn’t understand what he reads. He also loves to do sums.
However, he has been extremely slow to learn other skills, for
example, eating at the family table, or getting dressed. David has
an excellent memory. He imitates what he hears very precisely and
has a beautiful singing voice. He also has perfect pitch.
5

The autism spectrum

David was 3 when he was diagnosed as autistic. At that time he
hardly looked at people, was not talking, and seemed lost in his
own world. He loved to bounce on a trampoline for hours and was
extremely adept at doing jigsaw puzzles. At 10 years of age David
had developed well physically, but emotionally remained very
immature. He had a beautiful face with delicate features. Family
life has always had to ﬁt around David, not the other way round.
He was and still is extremely stubborn in his likes and dislikes. At
one stage he only ate yoghurt and refused all other kinds of food.
More often than not his mother has to give in to his urgent and
repeated demands, which easily escalate into tantrums.

David is now 12 years old. He still does not spontaneously play
with other children. He has obvious difﬁculties in communicating
with other people who don’t know him well. With those who do
know him, he communicates entirely on his own terms. He makes
no concessions to their wishes or interests and cannot take
onboard another person’s point of view. In this way David is
indifferent to the social world and continues to live in a world of
his own.

Autism

Gary
When Gary was at primary school an experienced teacher
observed that he had unusual problems in communicating with
other children and could not manage to work in a group in class.
Gary’s parents accepted these problems as part of his personality.
He seemed to be a very obstinate child, and happy to play
computer games for hours. Referred to an educational
psychologist by the school when problems with Gary seemed only
to get worse, he was eventually seen at a clinic at age 12. The
psychologist explained that Gary had a Pervasive Developmental
Disorder, a category that includes autism, Asperger syndrome, and
a few other rare conditions. Actually Gary was diagnosed as
having PDD-NOS, Pervasive Developmental Disorder—Not
Otherwise Speciﬁed. This is a category for cases that have autistic
features, but not all features are necessarily present. The
psychologist also mentioned Asperger syndrome when she talked
to Gary’s parents. They immediately favoured this label as it
helped them to explain Gary’s problems to other people.
The psychological assessments showed that Gary also had
attention deﬁcit disorder, and dyspraxia, as evident in his
clumsiness on motor tasks. His main problems, however, were
poor communication skills and an inability to understand other
people. Gary was placed in a succession of different schools. In
each case he was said to be difﬁcult and disruptive. He bitterly
complained about being bullied. Sadly, he was. However, Gary’s
6

classmates made some efforts to understand him. But they failed
because Gary could not tell the difference between being teased or
criticized.
Gary is now in his twenties and lives at home. So far, he has shown
little interest in his mother’s suggestions for ﬁnding a job and still
spends most of his time playing computer games. Gary often says
that he would like to have a girlfriend. On one occasion he had
started to follow an attractive young woman everywhere, waiting
outside her house for hours, but never talking to her. Now Gary’s
family are watching carefully for signs of inappropriate social
behaviour. At his mother’s insistence, Gary has joined a social
skills group for people with Asperger syndrome, and he now
attends the monthly meetings without fail.

Edward was diagnosed as having Asperger syndrome at the age
of 8. Although clearly very bright, his teacher felt at her wits end
with him. She said that she could not teach him, and that instead
he taught himself, but only what he wanted to learn. He could not
make any attempts to ﬁt in with ordinary classroom activities and
he refused point blank to follow the set curriculum. Edward’s
family had not realized the extent of this problem. On the
contrary, they had always thought of Edward as an extraordinarily
gifted child. By 5 years of age he had acquired an astounding
vocabulary, mainly by reading dictionaries. He was rather fearful
of playing with other children, but relished the attention he got
from adults. His family dotes on him and he seems to share a lot of
interests and mannerisms with his father. Both are bookish people
and can talk very persistently about their interests. Edward
started to collect birds’ eggs from about the age of 4 and has
developed an intricate system for classifying them.
Edward is now 20 years old and is about to study maths at a top
university. He went to a private school where the teachers were
7

The autism spectrum

Edward

Autism

sympathetic and let him follow his own interests. At school he
obtained excellent marks in all science subjects. Other subjects
simply did not interest him. He proclaimed loudly that literature
was a waste of time. Apart from being in the chess club, he never
became part of a circle of friends. Outwardly, Edward dismisses all
social events as a bore. He is ﬂuent when he talks with his father
and corresponds with ornithologists all over the world, but seems
to be tongue tied when faced with people his own age. Edward
sticks out in a crowd, not only by his tall and lanky appearance,
but also by his mannerisms and loud high-pitched voice. However,
he has started to read books of manners and body language and is
hoping they will improve his social skills.
Edward is very knowledgeable about Asperger syndrome and
avidly participates in Asperger discussion forums on the web. He
knows that he is far more intelligent than most ‘neurotypicals’.
However, there are signs that Edward is often anxious and
sometimes depressed, and he is being seen by a psychiatrist who
will carefully monitor him in the transition period when he leaves
home to go to college.

The three core features of the autism spectrum
The examples of David, Gary, and Edward show how enormously
varied the core signs of autism are, at least on the surface.
Therefore, a lot of clinical experience is needed to make a
diagnosis. The behaviour of each individual differs according to so
many factors that they are difﬁcult to list, but they include at least
age, family background, general ability, education, and the child’s
own temperament and personality. Nevertheless, there is common
ground. These are the core features of the autism spectrum, the
chief diagnostic criteria. You can ﬁnd them on several helpful
websites. Here we unpack their meaning using our example cases.
The ﬁrst of the core features of ASD concerns reciprocal social
interaction. It is not enough to be a loner, to behave
8

embarrassingly, or to be clumsy in social situations. The difﬁculty
reveals itself most acutely in peer interactions. At young ages, this
means other children—not adults. Adults often make huge
allowances to smooth over awkward social situations. A clear sign
of failing reciprocal interaction is a lack of engagement with other
children.

The second related core feature concerns communication. Deep
down, the ability to communicate hinges on a message being
acknowledged as happening. One person needs to wish to
communicate, and the other needs to wish to receive the
communication. Communication does not have to be spoken
words, but can be gestures or facial expressions. Without the signs
that accompany sending and receiving a message, there can be no
true communication.
David has the most severe problems in communication. He spoke
late and his use of language is extremely limited, that is, he uses it
if he wants something, but not to express feelings or thoughts.
Gary has more subtle difﬁculties. He ﬁnds it impossible to know
whether people make jokes from the way they talk, and feels
rebuffed when he tries to talk to others. Edward is highly
articulate, but he does not enjoy ordinary chitchat. His ability to
engage in a two-way conversation has improved since he has
started systematically to gather information about
9

The autism spectrum

In the case of David, the failure in social interaction can at ﬁrst
glance be described as a lack of social interest, or aloofness as
regards other people. However, this aloofness is actually an
inability to engage with others, even to the extent that he never
asked to be taught to read, but taught himself. Gary is unable to
read the social signals of others. He has no idea how to get a
girlfriend although he would very much like to have one. Edward
can socially interact with people who appreciate his intelligence,
but avoids social interaction with his peers. He tries to ﬁnd out
about social rules.

1a. Key feature 1: In a world of his own

1b. Key feature 2: Unable to communicate

communication, through reading books on etiquette and body
language and through reading about Asperger syndrome.
The third core feature is of a different kind from the ﬁrst two: it is
about repetitive activities and narrow interests. What is autistic
about these features, which seem not unfamiliar to many parents
of young children? Lining blocks or cars up in neat little patterns
may be cute just once or twice, but it becomes very sad when this
is done day after day without exploring other possibilities of
playing with blocks or cars. It is the extreme nature of the
repetitions and the obsessive quality of the interests that are
typical of autism. Another way to look at repetitive behaviour is to
think of it as extreme stubbornness. In fact there is a strong
resistance to change and an aversion to novelty. Doing the same
thing, exactly the same thing, watching the same video, eating the
same food, day after day, is the kind of excessive pattern that is
11

The autism spectrum

1c. Key feature 3: Restricted and repetitive. Lining up toys as seen in
this charming picture has often been observed in young autistic
children’s play

found in autistic children. It is often less noticeable in autistic
adults, where the behavioural repertoire has widened through
learning and experience.
David’s love of bouncing is an example of repetitive action and his
interest in print and reading was described as obsessive. Gary did
not have this feature and this made his diagnosis less
straightforward. His interest in computer games was not really
different from that of other young people. Edward had a number
of different intensely pursued interests in succession. At one point
he abandoned his interest in dictionaries and took up maths
instead.

Autism

The pictures on the preceding pages show examples of what it is
that clinicians focus on as signiﬁcant signs or symptoms of autism
in the childhood years. In the next chapter we will look at how
some of the behavioural signs change with age.
Everyone agrees that autism is a developmental disorder.
Development means change, and in autism it usually means
improvement, an increasing ability to cope with the frightening
aspects of a world that is not shared and therefore unpredictable.
The repetitive and obsessive features often also fade to have a less
severe impact on life. These improvements can all be expected
when there is good education and support for the growing child
and his or her family.

When does autism start?
This is a long and complicated story, as yet unreadable to us.
Autism has its origin well before birth. At some point, a tiny fault
occurs. This fault is somewhere in the genetic programme that
results in a human being, with its enormously complex central
nervous system. This fault is so subtle that for the most part the
programme runs off smoothly, and a baby is born who looks
perfectly healthy. Only from about the second year of life do the
12

consequences of the tiny fault emerge with rather major and
sometimes devastating effects.
Why only then? Perhaps, this point in time is critical for the
foundation of typically human social behaviour, more critical
even than the social interest that is already there in the ﬁrst
year. This is worth dwelling on. The healthy newborn infant,
straight from birth, shows strong signs of social interest. For
instance, babies prefer to look at a face rather than at a pattern,
and a real face rather than a scrambled face; they prefer direct eye
contact to averted eyes. They prefer to listen to speech rather than
scrambled sounds; they turn to people, smile at people, show
responses to familiar adults that are different from strangers, and
so on.

Everyone can see that in the ﬁrst year of life a baby grows in size
and weight at amazing speed, but we can’t see how its brain grows.
Almost all the nerve cells of the brain are already there at birth;
it is the connections between the nerve cells that grow so
phenomenally. The system is being wired up with millions and
millions of connectors (synapses) and connecting ﬁbres. The
13

The autism spectrum

Babies are such powerfully social creatures for a reason. For
thousands of years of evolution babies have utterly depended on
other human beings for their survival. And yet, the social gifts they
manifest so early are quite one-sided. They cry, they look, they
smile, and they babble. All these behaviours act as powerful social
signals for the mother. Crying, for example, will ensure that the
baby gets food and comfort. However, it seems that there is a step
change in human social development at the end of the ﬁrst year of
life. It goes together with a step change in general physical and
mental development. The baby starts to walk and to talk.
Something happens that lifts the already ﬂourishing but perhaps
mainly one-sided interaction onto a different level where
interactions are truly reciprocal. And here lies the core social
problem in autism.

brain’s communication highways are being constructed. This
construction also includes eliminating bad or unnecessary
connections. As the baby turns into a toddler, there is a major
reorganization of the brain, and with it is a major change in the
way the child interacts with other human beings.
Given that autism has social impairments at its core, one might
expect that these impairments should be obvious even in the ﬁrst
year of life. It is remarkable that they are not. It is generally in the
second year that autistic development starts to deviate from the
norm, not in the ﬁrst. Autistic babies seemingly stay behind and
do not make the vital step change in social interaction towards
true joint interaction.

Autism

What is joint attention?
There is attention from one individual to another and there is joint
attention where two individuals are deliberately and
simultaneously attending to an object. This accomplishment is
thought by many to be the basis of true reciprocal interaction and,
however social the baby is from birth, joint attention is not shown
until the end of the ﬁrst year of life or even later. Lack of joint
attention in a toddler is a worrying sign of autism. At the same
time, it is a behaviour that is difﬁcult to induce in children who do
not show it spontaneously. What constitutes joint attention?
One individual can draw the attention of another to share interest
in an object and this shared interest is in itself enjoyable. Eye gaze
can direct attention, and so can pointing with a ﬁnger and
showing an object. One of the earliest signs of autism is that the
child shows little sign of trying to attract the attention of another
person by look or gesture. Instead the child appears to be oblivious
to the other person present. In fact, autistic children are not
oblivious. They are of course utterly dependent on other people
and rely on them to have their desires and needs fulﬁlled. Indeed,
the child can show this dependence in a most pathetic way, for
14

instance by crying disconsolately or by dragging a person by the
hand to a place where they hope to get what they need. These
apparently desperate attempts seem strange to parents, when they
would be only too ready to help the child if only the child gave
them a small hint. But this is exactly what the autistic child can’t
do. He or she cannot elicit the attention in what seems to everyone
a perfectly simple and obvious way, for instance by seeking eye
contact and trying to engage the adult by simple gestures.

Regression or lack of progress?
Alice reported that her son Tom had spoken very early. His ﬁrst
words, at the age of 10 months were ‘car, plane, bike’. He was a
healthy and happy baby, walking at 10 months and exploring his
environment with great energy like any other toddler. He acquired
at least another dozen words, but from about eighteen months
Tom seemed to become more absorbed with himself, and it
gradually dawned on Alice that he never spoke any more. He
seemed to have lost interest in his surroundings and did not
progress like other toddlers. A year later Tom was diagnosed
autistic with regressive development. Alice learned that this
pattern of sad decline was quite frequent, and there was nothing
and nobody that could be blamed for the autism. At least 30 per
cent of parents have this experience.
15

The autism spectrum

And yet it is difﬁcult to recognize the absence of these signs.
Sometimes children who have perfectly healthy brains are slow at
developing social skills. Children’s temperament and social
interests differ, and some are slow at learning to speak. This was
the case with Mickey. As a baby he did not show a lot of social
interest and sometimes he seemed oblivious when called by name.
This was worrying. However, on his second birthday he gave clear
signs of joint attention. When his grandmother visited, he held up
his new teddy to her and laughed when she pretended to talk to
the teddy.

Autism

The question is whether there is actually a decline and a
regression? Or, is it more a lack of progress towards another stage
of development? Could it be that Tom was like other children at
ﬁrst, but then other children zoomed ahead, because they had
entered a new phase of mental development? Alice thought she
noticed a distinct change, and she agonized about what might
have triggered this change in Tom. She could simply not accept
that a perfectly normal baby, who showed plentiful signs of social
interest, should suddenly start behaving like an autistic child.
Something must have happened: perhaps an unnoticed brain
disease, perhaps some kind of poisoning from a substance that
may be harmless to others. This is almost certainly not the case for
Tom. Actually, it is extremely rare that autism is caused by some
external agent. However, only solid research about the actual
course of development of the brain in autism will remove these
inevitable worries.
The case of Patricia was quite different. She was always concerned
that there was something wrong. Her daughter Sylvia was a
restless and difﬁcult baby who cried a lot and slept very little. She
played intensely with her rattle and gazed at the pattern of the
curtains with her big beautiful eyes. During the second year, it
became abundantly clear to Patricia that other children of Sylvia’s
age were a long way ahead in their development. While Sylvia was
physically progressing very well, mentally she seemed to stay very
much as she had been as a baby. Her interests in particular toys
became even more intense and it was difﬁcult to attract her
attention away from them. She never seemed to look at people.
She only turned to others when she needed something that
instant. She never looked at her dolls and teddies either. She
turned away when other children came and invited her to play.
Other children pointed to objects and pictures in books and
rapidly learned their names. Sylvia did none of these things.
Patricia reported later that she had hoped that Sylvia’s difﬁculties
as a baby were somehow to do with colic or teething and would go
16

away once she was older. The frequent crying did go away, but
Sylvia continued to be a poor sleeper. Patricia was rightly alarmed
when Sylvia did not show interest in other children and did not
pick up language.
Alice and Patricia had very different experiences with their
children. But it turned out later that the development of both Tom
and Sylvia was not actually very dissimilar. Both were given help
from a speech therapist and both eventually learned to talk. Their
mental development improved by leaps and bounds when they
attended a specialist school.

Why did Diane have to worry for so long? And why did Patricia
have to wait for a couple of years before Sylvia was diagnosed?

How early can we push the diagnosis of autism?
As long as the diagnosis of autism is based on behaviour, a
deﬁnitive pronouncement can only be made with hindsight.
Perhaps, once a biological test is available, the diagnosis can be
made before birth, but such a test still seems far in the future.
Having to rely on behavioural criteria means having to live with
ambiguity. And because the range of differences between all
children is so large, even experienced clinicians can make
17

The autism spectrum

What about little Mickey? Not all children are equally sociable and
they don’t develop equally fast. Mickey did learn to speak quite
late, but he turned out to be a very friendly but occasionally shy
little boy with a lot of imagination and a dry sense of humour.
Diane was able to put her worries about autism aside, when
Mickey entered nursery school. She could see that he ﬁtted in with
the other children, playing in the playhouse, and taking his
beloved teddy for a picnic together with his friends’ teddies. When
she came to fetch him he rushed to show her the pictures he had
made that day.

misjudgements when pressed for a categorical pronouncement
too early.

Autism

What happens when parents seek professional help, when the
social and emotional development of their child seems to
deteriorate or simply not move on? In the past there has often
been a long and sometimes harrowing road, but now health
professionals are more knowledgeable about autistic disorders and
highly aware of the need for early intervention. Ideally, an
experienced clinician will interview the parents about their child’s
development in detail, and will also test and observe the child.
Then provision can be made for a programme of special education
to start right away. For this reason it is important that this
diagnosis is done as early as possible.
However, there is a dilemma. Researchers asked the question: if a
child is diagnosed at the age of 24 months, how certain is the
diagnosis? Researchers investigated how likely it is that the
diagnosis is conﬁrmed two years later. They showed that in the
majority of cases the diagnosis was indeed conﬁrmed, but still
one-third of the cases were eventually not considered autistic. The
study also showed that there is almost complete certainty about
the diagnosis when the child is older than 30 months.
Many people feel that despite the risk of false alarms, early
diagnosis is a desirable aim. One interesting solution to the
problem is to proceed in two stages. At the ﬁrst stage, around the
age of 18 months, there could be screening for all children. At the
second stage, perhaps around 30 months, a full diagnostic
assessment could be offered to those children who had raised
concerns. In fact, a screening instrument has already been
developed. Three signs are assessed. First, does the child show
‘joint attention’, such as pointing with a ﬁnger. Second, is he or she
following an adult’s gaze. Third, does he or she engage in simple
pretend play? Most typically developing children aged 18 months
can master these things. Most autistic children can’t. However, a
18

number of children who apparently show these key behaviours
nevertheless later go on to have an autistic disorder. This is likely
to be Asperger syndrome.
In the next chapter we will consider some of the historical reasons
for how we think of autism now. We will also look at the changes
in what autism looks like over the course of a child’s development
into adulthood.

The autism spectrum

19

Chapter 2
The changing face of autism

A little bit of history
A hundred years ago, autism was not heard of. The name didn’t
exist. Of course, the condition existed, and there is some evidence
for this from centuries past. However, documents that give
detailed descriptions of likely cases are very scarce. The two people
who named the condition were Leo Kanner (1894–1981) and Hans
Asperger (1906–80), and they did it simultaneously in the early
1940s right in the middle of the Second World War. At that time
the attention of most people was elsewhere; indeed the world was
in chaos. The general recovery from the war took until the late
1950s and 1960s, and at this time, a handful of parents and a
handful of professionals began to recognize autism in children.
This started ﬁrst in Europe and the USA and spread sporadically
to other parts of the world. However, it took another thirty years
for the general public to have heard of autism through the media.
The history of autism remains to be told. Kanner’s inspiring
portrayal of the features of autism had extraordinary impact.
These children were beautiful, they had talents, but they also were
severely disturbed and had serious learning problems. With these
puzzling features it is not surprising that a powerful myth arose.
This is how it goes: some children experience a rejection so
traumatic that there is no way but to withdraw from the hostile
20

world outside. This withdrawal is so complete that nothing can
reverse it, except lengthy psychotherapy. Only, psychotherapy did
not produce the desired effects. Gradually some practical ideas
spread and succeeded in improving the quality of life of the
children as well as their families. The most beneﬁcial and perhaps
also most obvious of these ideas was special education.

Not only did research efforts increase, the numbers of cases
increased massively too. All this went hand in hand with the
increase in the awareness of autism and the widening of the
boundaries of the autism spectrum. From the 1990s Asperger
syndrome became a familiar label. The prototype of Asperger
syndrome is the highly intelligent individual who has social
impairments as well as abstruse interests. This new prototype was
soon mixed up with older stereotypes of the mad genius. An idea
that took off at amazing speed was that many of us, and men in
particular, have autistic features. Namely, they lack social
sensitivity and have obsessive interests. The boundaries of the
autistic spectrum are still in ﬂux. Will there be a clear line to
21

The changing face of autism

In 1964, Bernard Rimland’s book on autism was a breath of fresh
air. It championed an approach that had already been adopted by
scientists at a number of medical and psychological centres. These
scientists analysed cognitive abilities of autistic children, such as
speech and language, perception and memory, in detail. They
found strengths as well as weaknesses, and this overturned two
ideas: one, that autistic children were mentally retarded overall;
the other, that they were secretly highly intelligent. Clearly, they
were a bit of both, and this paradoxical pattern seems to be a
hallmark of autism. In 1971 the Journal for Autism and Childhood
Schizophrenia was ﬁrst published, now known as the Journal for
Autism and Developmental Disorders. At that time autism was
still little known and believed to be very rare. Nobody guessed
then that in the future there would be so much interest and so
many research reports that several other specialist journals would
be founded.

distinguish autistic disorders from variants of perfectly normal
differences in personality? This is one of the questions that now
need to be resolved.

At the feet of the great pioneers

Autism

To me it feels that I have experienced a large part of this history
personally during my own life. I have taken on board the changes
in the concept of autism and have observed the huge increase in
numbers of children and adults diagnosed autistic. From being
unknown and obscure, autism has become a familiar topic.
I received my ﬁrst introduction to autism through Michael Rutter.
He taught me and several generations of students about
fundamental issues of normal and abnormal development. His
thinking shaped the concept of autism and spread awareness.
Rutter’s contributions to autism research are extraordinarily wide
and far-reaching, but two are particularly noteworthy: he
established instruments for diagnostic assessment now used
worldwide. He also conducted the ﬁrst studies on the genetic basis
of autism.
Lorna Wing was another of my mentors. As a mother of an autistic
daughter she had intimate knowledge of autism. I could not hear
enough about her experience and her then very revolutionary
ideas about the disorder. Through her studies of a whole
population of handicapped children she had realized that there
are three critical impairments—the ‘triad’ of impairments in
socialization, communication, and imagination—that hold over a
whole spectrum of autistic disorders. At the same time she became
aware that social impairment comes in different varieties—the
aloof, the passive, and the odd. She was also one of the ﬁrst
researchers to write about Asperger syndrome.
The experimental work of Beate Hermelin (1919–2006) and Neil
O’Connor (1918–97) was the foundation of the psychological work
22

that I will report in this book. Their ultimate aim was to link
behaviour to the brain, and therefore they adapted the methods of
neuropsychology for the study of children. They established a
method to study impairments in cognitive abilities, such as
language, perception, and memory. One of their innovations was
to ‘match’ a clinical group with another group by equating them in
terms of their performance on one test, and then contrasting them
on another test. They realized that differences are only interesting
if you can relate them to expected similarities. For example, they
found that autistic children who remembered jumbled up words
as well as other children did worse than other children when
remembering whole sentences. This proved an important clue to
unlocking the enigma of their minds.

The awareness of autism in the 1960s and 1970s was still very low.
It was much enhanced by the presence of a small band of parents
who got together in National Associations both in the USA and
the UK. In London these parents also helped to set up one of the
ﬁrst schools specializing in education for autistic children. This
school was led by a gifted teacher, Sybil Elgar. She carefully
observed what each individual child was capable of learning, gave
clear and simple instructions, used visual aids, and encouraged
physical exercise. I often visited this school. Perhaps its
outstanding feature was the calming environment and a highly
structured and ﬁrm teaching style, tempered by kindness.
23

The changing face of autism

Apart from these professional mentors, I have always learned a
great deal from parents of autistic children. The earliest
biographical account that I read was by Clara Claiborne Park. It
was a revelation. Parents are the real heroes in the history of
autism. They made the difference for their children in ﬁghting for
services and in promoting research. My personal heroine is
Margaret Dewey, the mother of a highly talented autistic son, with
whom I have corresponded for decades. She generously told me of
the difﬁculties as well as the triumphs in Jack’s life. Her examples,
questions, and criticisms continuously clariﬁed my ideas.

The children in this school were pioneers too. They resembled the
cases described by Kanner and Asperger in astonishing detail.
Many did not talk but had some words or phrases that were copied
from the adults around them. All had rather low measured IQ, but
at the same time many of them showed remarkable talents. One
girl had a beautiful singing voice, one boy painted marvellous
pictures, another, who was unable to speak, had an astonishing
knowledge of prime numbers. All the children seemed to beneﬁt
from sports activities and all took part in musical performances.
Nevertheless, it became clear that these children would need
support throughout their life.

Autism

Urgent practical questions: what to do about
the children?
At the time virtually nothing was known about what would
happen when the autistic child grew up. Now we know that
autistic children become autistic adults. They too need a ﬁrm
structure and a calming environment. The development of
appropriate education for children with autism and mental
retardation—who often had quite challenging behaviour—was of
the highest priority. Some very controversial ideas were tried out
for the ﬁrst time in the 1960s and have since become
commonplace. They were called behaviour therapy and behaviour
modiﬁcation, and they were based on the scientiﬁc principles of
learning theory. Simply put, desired behaviour is rewarded while
undesired behaviour is ignored and the reward is withheld. If such
a regime is applied systematically, the desired behaviour increases
and the undesired behaviour decreases. The success of these
methods in managing some appalling problems, for example
self-injury through constant head banging, made them acceptable
and even popular.
Ivar Lovaas founded a movement in California where his methods
have been gradually developed into what is now known as ABA, or
Applied Behavioural Analysis. ABA typically involves intensive
24

one-to-one training sessions. But less intensive variants seem to be
just as successful, as are variants that emphasize warm emotional
contact with the child. All these variants can produce amazing
changes. Behaviour can be reinforced even when it is as yet barely
present. For instance, parents described to me how over the course
of six weeks their little son gradually learned to speak. At ﬁrst he
only managed to blow softly, then more strongly to extinguish a
candle. Soon he was able to make some few whispered sounds.
Eventually he broke through into producing a syllable, then a
word. This seemed like a miracle to them, but it is an often
repeated one.

The many faces of autism
Once upon a time it used to be assumed that autism almost always
went together with learning disability, or mental retardation, both
terms indicating brain pathology associated with low measured
IQ. Recent studies have changed this view. Now the spectrum of
autistic conditions fully embraces those who have no intellectual
25

The changing face of autism

There are other approaches that are geared to compensation and
coping strategies rather than to shaping and changing behaviour.
In North Carolina Eric Schopler (1927–2006) created a centre for
the assessment and amelioration of behavioural difﬁculties
associated with autism and severe learning disabilities. His
approach emphasizes a highly structured timetable and uses
pictures in a concrete and at the same time imaginative way. It is
known as TEACCH and has spread all over the world. You can see
the typical visual aids, depicting a series of activities laid out in a
clear timetable in almost all schools for autistic children, but also
in centres for autistic adults. The child or adult knows that they
can always check their own timetable to know where they are in
the course of the day and what to do next. This has an enormously
reassuring effect and acts as a vital scaffold to organize work and
leisure. Actually, different techniques—both to change behaviour
and to adapt to behaviour that can’t be changed—go hand in hand.

impairment when assessed by standard intelligence tests. At
present the diagnosis of autism combined with low intellectual
ability is made in about 50 per cent of cases, and in 50 per cent is
combined with average or even superior levels of intellectual
ability.

Autism compounded by learning difﬁculties

Autism

Severe intellectual impairment is due to severe brain abnormality,
and this will almost certainly limit emotional and social abilities as
well. This is a general effect. However, there are also speciﬁc effects
of brain abnormality. In autism just such a speciﬁc effect can be
seen. Here emotional and social abilities are out of line and well
below the rest of cognitive abilities. The case of David illustrates
this very well. However, if all abilities are low-ish, then it is almost
impossible for one particular ability to stand out as lower still.
Intriguingly, not all children with general learning disability, or
mental retardation, have social difﬁculties. In some cases, notably
Williams syndrome, the social interests and abilities are way
ahead of other abilities. You can feel that there is reciprocal
communication. These children initiate social contact and try to
keep you engaged. The individual with Williams syndrome, even
as a young child, will gaze at others, will spontaneously engage
with another person, and try and hold and direct their interest.
This is also often the case with children with Down syndrome.
Clearly, these disorders have their own characteristic proﬁle of
strengths and weaknesses, which is different from autism.
What are autistic children with superimposed intellectual
disability like? They still are a mystery, and they present many
challenges to their parents and teachers. They tend to be very
delayed in speaking and may never speak at all. They often appear
to be locked into repetitive behaviours, such as rocking, and into
routines that are difﬁcult to break. They are more likely to suffer
from additional neurological disease, in particular epilepsy. They
are also likely to be less attractive in appearance, and they may
26

well exhibit highly unattractive behaviours. The ingenuity of
parents and teachers is stretched to the utmost. Such children
become adults that can remain difﬁcult to care for. Sadly they are
often neglected when people talk about autistic conditions.
Most people like to think of autism in high-functioning, not
low-functioning, cases. But this is the sharp end of autism.
Research is desperately needed to ﬁnd out what exactly is
wrong in the brains of these individuals, and how to improve
their lives.

Classic autism
When Kanner ﬁrst described autism, he portrayed a type of child
who is now a minority in the autism spectrum. Yet he identiﬁed a
particular constellation of the signs and symptoms that every
clinician recognizes. These children are aloof. If they speak at all,
they tend to use rote-learned phrases and words. They do not just
show simple repetitive movements, for instance ﬂapping hands
and rocking. They show rather more elaborate rituals. They
develop complex routines and repeat them faithfully. More
27

The changing face of autism

The term high-functioning autism was coined to distinguish it
from the previously more familiar cases of mute and withdrawn
children. High-functioning children have great possibilities for
compensatory learning. Their intellectual resources allow them to
develop alternative means to learn social skills. They may carefully
observe the social rules, but still not become integrated into the
complex social world. They can do well in academic subjects as
long as they are taught in ways that take into account their
particular strengths and interests. However, the core features of
their autism are not necessarily of a milder form. A superior level
of intelligence makes a big difference to the vocational
achievements that can be attained, but sadly does not make a
big difference to the ability to live independently. Many able
individuals struggle to cope with even simple demands of
everyday life.

intriguing still are their special talents, for instance an exceedingly
good memory.
An integral part of this classically autistic child is that it is a
child—at the time Kanner described it, virtually nothing was
known about their life as adults. Such a child is an icon. It is a
beautiful and remote child. The impression of high intelligence
can be strong, as is the impression that a normal child is locked
inside. But, alas, this is an illusion. It fades as the autistic child
grows up.

Autism

The autistic child grows up
Child development holds many surprises. A child can grow out of
problems. A slow developer might catch up later. But more often
than not children with problems become adults with problems.
Slow development spotted in childhood may often turn out to be a
lifelong learning disability.
The ﬁlm Rainman, ﬁrst shown in 1989, has had an enormous
impact on the general awareness of autism. The main character
portrayed by Dustin Hoffman is based on a combination of real
individuals with autism. Many of his features were based on Kim
Peek, who has become famous as the ‘human Google’ because of
his prodigious memory. For the ﬁrst time an adult with autism
was the centre of attention. Previously only professionals who
specialized in children, that is, child psychiatrists, child
psychologists, speech therapists, and special educators—but
only a minority of all these—knew about the disorder and were
able to diagnose it. Neurologists, psychiatrists, and psychologists
who worked mainly with adults remained ignorant of the
condition at that time. It took a while to face the frightening
thought that there were many adults in institutions for the
mentally ill or mentally disabled who had not been recognized as
autistic.
28

Rainman is an ambassador of autism. But not all individuals with
ASD are lovable eccentrics with amazing gifts. Far from it. Many
are very difﬁcult to live with and many have additional problems.
It needs to be spelled out that only 10 per cent of individuals with
ASD have a truly astounding gift. The families of the other 90 per
cent are rightly annoyed when strangers expect that they have a
genius in their midst. However, it also needs to be pointed out that
among these 90 per cent there are many who have talents that are
unusual and remarkable, even if they cannot be described as
astounding.
The realistic view about growing up with an autism spectrum
condition is provided in a number of biographical accounts. What
do they say about the autistic teenager? In many ways he or she is
unaware of what it means to be a teenager. They do not have the
usual obsession with looking like everyone else in their peer group
and wanting to have the same clothes and gadgets. The autistic
teenager retains many features that others view as childish. Yet
they have the normal sexual urges. Some gain a glimmer of
29

The changing face of autism

Dustin Hoffman closely observed real-life cases of autistic adults
in his methodical preparation for the movie and modelled himself
on them. The autistic man he portrayed was very strange, but also
lovable. He looked and acted mentally disabled, and yet had the
most amazing skills. He was extremely naive and had no idea that
his scheming brother, portrayed by Tom Cruise, wanted to deceive
and defraud him. Yet he was able to remember all the addresses in
a phone book as soon as he read them and was able to win at a
card game in Las Vegas precisely through his amazing memory.
Most endearing was the hero’s total unselfconsciousness. He did
not know how unusual his abilities were. He did not consider how
awkward and difﬁcult his rigid behaviour routines were for others,
and he unquestioningly accepted the harsh treatment meted out
to him by others. This was a new image of autism, one that had
not been brought to the public’s notice, and it instantly won
sympathy.

2a. Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise starring as two brothers in the
ﬁlm ‘Rainman’ (1989). This ﬁlm raised awareness of the adult with
autism and exceptional talents (savant syndrome)

The changing face of autism

2b. Kim Peek inspired Dustin Hoffman’ portrayal of ‘Rainman’. Peek
reads a whole book in an hour and remembers the text verbatim. He
has been described as a walking Google

awareness that they are different. They stick out compared to their
peer group. Perhaps they don’t care about how they appear to
others, and this may be why they now begin to look more
handicapped. Now you notice the ungainly gait, the lack of facial
expressions. Of course, in a sad way, this is helpful because it is an
obvious signal to others that there is a problem.

31

Increased adaptation
First-hand accounts give a fascinating glimpse into the world of
autism. There are an ever increasing number to be found in the
catalogues of specialist publishers such as Jessica Kingsley and on
websites. These accounts show that many difﬁculties can be
conquered. Compensatory learning can lead to sometimes highly
successful lives, including in some cases marriage and children.
This is heartening, given that the basic problems in social insight
never quite go away. According to these authors they have to be
worked on continuously.

Autism

One of the most famous autistic writers is Temple Grandin, who
has written many books about her own life and can look back on
her experiences of over ﬁfty years. Here is a quote from her book
Thinking in Pictures (expanded edition Vintage Press, 2006, also
published on Temple Grandin’s website, easily found on Google):
More knowledge makes me act more normal. Many people have
commented to me that I act much less autistic now than I did ten
years ago. . . . My mind works just like an Internet search engine that
has been set to access only images. The more pictures I have stored
in the Internet inside my brain the more templates I have of how to
act in a new situation.

This self-assessment chimes in with what a man with ASD told me
recently: ‘There are more and more situations I just recognize and
don’t have to think about.’
One of the big gaps in our knowledge is that we know hardly
anything about what happens to people with autism in old age.
Do they have the same life span as everyone else? People with
intellectual disability—whether autistic or not—usually have a
shorter life span, but this could be for a large number of reasons.
Sadly, one of the reasons is that they may not alert others to health
problems that might be treatable. Furthermore, their repetitive

32

behaviour may include harmful actions, for instance, drinking
excessive amounts of water. On the other hand, everyone’s life gets
more repetitive and restricted as they get older. Many old people
see their partners and friends die before them and they have to get
used to being lonely, a very hard adaptation for most of us. Is it
easier if you never had any friends?

Asperger syndrome

Asperger syndrome is usually considered a mild form of autism.
But this may be deceptive. It may be a form of relatively pure
autism where massive learning and compensation are covering up
the core problems. There are good reasons for suspecting
compensation and covering up. Asperger syndrome goes with high
intelligence. Further, the writings of people with Asperger
syndrome tell us about their difﬁculties and how they cope with
them. These difﬁculties seem highly reminiscent of those of people
with autism.
Perhaps the strangest fact about Asperger syndrome is that it is
not usually diagnosed at all until the age of 8 or even later,
sometimes only in adulthood. This is strange, because it is a
developmental disorder. It does not start suddenly, but it was
always there as family and sufferers almost unanimously
proclaim.
Research still needs to uncover the early signs of Asperger
syndrome. In contrast to autism language is not delayed, but

33

The changing face of autism

Asperger syndrome has gained such popularity that we need to
give it some special attention. It can be seen as a variety of autism
with similar biological causes and similar effects on the
development of brain and mind, but with somewhat different
behavioural manifestations. At least this is what we assume at
present.

rather it is often advanced, as in the case of Edward. Further,
classic autism implies aloofness, while this is not necessarily
found in Asperger syndrome. Individuals with Asperger
syndrome often have a strong interest in other people. Children
typically seek out adults as valued listeners to monologues,
as answerers of questions, and providers of useful
information.

Autism

A striking difference between autism and Asperger syndrome in
childhood is that the child with Asperger syndrome displays high
verbal intelligence. This is rightly a source of pride and joy to
parents, but might make them overlook a lack of truly reciprocal
social behaviour. Again this is illustrated in the case of Edward. As
the case of Gary shows, the label is sometimes also applied to
individuals with distinct social impairment who also have a mild
degree of intellectual impairment. Here, Asperger syndrome is
used to indicate an atypical form of autism.
What is the connection to Hans Asperger? Hans Asperger
emphasized that autistic disorders appear in many different
shades and varieties, including some milder varieties, and
including those with high intelligence. He was one of the ﬁrst
people to identify and describe autism not only in children but
also in adults. He labelled his cases ‘autistic psychopaths’ to
indicate that the condition was not a disease, but part and parcel
of someone’s personal make-up. Asperger did not deﬁne what we
today call Asperger syndrome. Nevertheless it seems ﬁtting that
the syndrome is named in his honour.
How did Asperger syndrome get its now well-established place?
There are many reasons, but probably the most important was the
need to widen the boundaries of the initially narrow concept of
classic autism. In the 1980s a number of clinicians began to use
the label Asperger syndrome. Lorna Wing in London used it to
draw attention to the fact that some people with autistic disorders

34

were highly verbal and even had some social interests. Christopher
Gillberg in Gothenburg drew up diagnostic criteria to capture this
particular type of individual. This allowed clinicians in other
centres to identify similar cases. The criteria that are now
generally used for Asperger syndrome are very similar to what in
the past was considered a residual or atypical form of autism. They
are in almost every respect the same as those for autism. Critically,
there is no language delay, and language is often a particular
cognitive strength.

Rightly or wrongly, Asperger syndrome has become a magnet that
attracts cases. One of its attractions is that it has acquired the
cachet of being linked to genius. No wonder then that a diagnosis
of Asperger syndrome suggests a more interesting and possibly
more tractable difﬁculty than autism. But this is not correct. The
difﬁculty is just as persistent as in other autistic disorders.
Nevertheless, Asperger syndrome has a special place in the
popular imagination.
A vivid picture of a boy with Asperger syndrome is given in Mark
Haddon’s book, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time.
This book has sold 2 million copies and has been translated into
thirty-six languages. It has undoubtedly increased awareness of
Asperger syndrome. Chapter 2 starts with the terse description:
‘My name is Christopher John Francis Boone. I know all the
countries of the world and their capital cities and every prime
number up to 7,507.’

35

The changing face of autism

Many clinicians took up the label Asperger syndrome with an
eagerness that suggested that there was a real need for the
category. They saw plenty of individuals who ﬁtted the criteria.
These children and adults were on the whole not so severely
affected and promised hope of a better prognosis. Not surprisingly,
many parents craved the diagnosis Asperger syndrome rather than
autism. The popularity of the label rose inexorably.

3. Book cover of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time

Straightaway we are made aware of the special interests of the boy
and his prodigious memory. He claims an afﬁnity to Sherlock
Holmes, because he too is super-analytical and, furthermore, he
might also be on the autism spectrum.

Another chapter in the history of autism
Even though it is extremely popular, the label Asperger syndrome
is problematic. It is hard to know whether Asperger syndrome will
eventually split off and form its own distinct category of
developmental disorder. Is it indeed a form of autism and with the
same genetic causes as autism? Or is it merely a personality type
and not a disorder?
There are now a number of people who have diagnosed themselves
as having Asperger syndrome. These individuals often call
themselves Aspies, and they feel different from NTs or
neurotypicals. They do not need the attention of a clinician. They
are perfectly adapted in their everyday lives, occupying a niche
that is just right for their special interests and skills. It is not
surprising that these people argue that Asperger syndrome is not a
disorder. To them it is merely a difference, and a difference to be
proud of.
Some campaigners go even further and say that for the whole of
the autism spectrum it is wrong to talk of brain abnormalities,
37

The changing face of autism

There are many details in the story that could have been taken
from real life and therefore supply telling examples of the typical
features of someone who has Asperger syndrome. For example,
Chris, who tells the story himself, states that he ﬁnds people
confusing, that he does not tell lies, that he does not like proper
novels because they are lies. He does not understand the purpose
of polite language. So he can say ‘All the other children at my
school are stupid. Except I’m not meant to call them stupid, even
though this is what they are. I’m meant to say that they have
learning difﬁculties or that they have special needs.’

Autism

wrong to focus on deﬁcits in the mind, and wrong to highlight
impairments in behaviour. Instead there should only be talk of
differences in brain and mental make-up, some of which represent
the autistic mind. This is a strange proposition. To someone who is
familiar with classic cases and other severe cases of autism, and
knows of the suffering that is associated with autism, it seems
perverse. You may disagree, but then this book is not for you.

38

Chapter 3
A huge increase in cases

Will there be more and more people with ASD?
The one thing that frightened Diane when she was worried about
baby Mickey was that she felt bombarded with reports of a huge
increase in cases of autism. There was talk of an epidemic.
The stark facts as presented on the website of the Autism Society
of America state that since the 1990s there has been an increase of
172 per cent of cases diagnosed as autistic. Actually, it is inevitable
that there is a huge increase in recorded cases. Consider that
autism was recognized only seventy years ago and became widely
known only about twenty years ago. Clearly children and adults
are now diagnosed with autism when they would not have been
diagnosed before. Ever greater awareness of autism goes hand in
hand with the discovery of more and more cases. In earlier times
many of these cases would have been classiﬁed as mentally
retarded.
The extent of this change was revealed in a Californian study. The
decrease in mental retardation in Figure 4 corresponds very well
to the increase in cases of autism. One might therefore be tempted
to say that all that happened is a relabelling. However, there are
also other factors at play.

39

Prevalence per 10,000 live births

30.00
27.50
25.00
22.50
20.00
17.50
15.00
12.50
10.00
7.50

autism

5.00

mental retardation

2.50
0.00
87

88

89

90
91
Year of birth

92

93

94

Autism

4. The increase in cases diagnosed autistic and the decrease in cases
diagnosed mentally retarded in California
Croen, L.A., Grether, J.K., Hoogstrate J. and Selvin, S. (2002) The changing prevalence
of autism in California. Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders, 32, 207–15

One factor has to do with the widening of the diagnostic criteria to
include milder cases of autism, and cases with normal and high
intelligence. These cases would previously not have been
diagnosed at all. If they were noticed, they would have been
considered eccentrics or loners. This increase is seen in Figure 5,
based on the same Californian study.

Widening the criteria
When the question was ﬁrst asked how common autism is, very
narrow criteria were used to identify only the most classic cases.
These criteria were social aloofness, elaborate rituals, and
insistence on sameness. They turned out to be too restrictive. They
apply only to a small subset of children with ASD, and are
observed only at a particular stage of their development, mostly
between 3 and 5 years. A withdrawn child on getting older often
becomes socially interested, and the reverse is also found.
40

Prevalence per 10,000 live births

30.00
27.50
25.00
22.50
20.00
autism without mental retardation

17.50
15.00

autism with mental retardation

12.50
10.00
7.50
5.00
2.50
0.00
87

88

89

91
90
Year of birth

92

93

94

Croen, L.A., Grether, J.K., Hoogstrate J. and Selvin, S. (2002) The changing prevalence
of autism in California. Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders, 32, 207–15

Likewise, elaborate routines and insistence on sameness can wax
and wane over time.
When the behavioural changes over the course of the disorder
became evident, and when the extent of individual variation was
realized, the use of narrow and speciﬁc criteria was abandoned.
The criteria were widened towards what is now known as the
autistic spectrum. This spectrum includes very typical cases but
also rather atypical ones. Young children as well as adults can now
be identiﬁed, as can individuals of all levels of intelligence.
Further, there are mild cases and severe cases. All this adds up to
more cases.

What are the numbers now?
The most reliable information to date comes from a British study
of 57,000 children aged 9 to 10 years. In this group the total
41

A huge increase in cases

5. Cases without mental retardation increased even more than cases
with retardation among those diagnosed with autism in California

prevalence of cases of autism spectrum disorder was just over
1 per cent. If you only looked at autism cases, then the estimate
was 0.4 per cent, with 0.2 per cent fulﬁlling the narrow criteria of
classic autism. Other forms of autistic disorder, including
Asperger syndrome, make up around 0.7 per cent.

Autism

If we take the 1 per cent estimate seriously, then in the USA, with a
population of 280 million, there are a staggering two to three
million individuals who have some form of autism; in the UK,
with a population of about 60 million, there are at least half a
million. Assuming that about 1 per cent of the general population
have an autism spectrum disorder, you are almost certain to know
someone who is affected. This makes autism as common a mental
disorder as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. But unlike
schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, autism is present from early
childhood and persists throughout life.

If there was a ‘real’ increase—what could cause it?
These are scary numbers. Fifty years ago few people were aware of
autism. Only the most classic form of autism was diagnosed, and
everyone believed this was a very rare disorder. Now, it turns out
that there are ﬁve times as many classic cases as were estimated
then. Is this cause for alarm? Not necessarily. In fact, quite the
opposite, if we think of the increase as an effect of increased
awareness. Even classic cases had been missed previously. After
all, most professionals were ignorant of childhood autism, and
institutions for individuals with mental retardation housed
considerable numbers of cases, who are now recognized as
autistic. I certainly saw such children in special hospitals in the
1960s. Now there are numerous diagnostic centres, and there is a
greater availability of services for identiﬁed children. All these
factors play a part in the huge increase in cases.
Is this all there is to it? How would we know? The awareness of
the condition increased gradually. So, we would expect that the
42

6. A demonstration of parents concerned about a link between autism
and MMR

increase in cases is also gradual. We would also expect that there is
a levelling off by now.

Autism

In fact the increase has been gradual and it has been levelling off
recently. Nevertheless, it would be wrong to feel complacent.
Parents want to know all the reasons for the fast and recent rise in
cases of autism spectrum disorders. After all, one other reason
could be a new and as yet unknown toxin or virus that is affecting
brain development even before birth. If so, it would be incredibly
important to ﬁnd out.
It is very unlikely that autism is caused by some adverse
environmental event after birth. As we will see in the next chapter
the abnormalities that can be detected in the nerve cells of autistic
brains date from well before birth. Nevertheless the personal
experience of many parents goes against this. Remember, that
many parents reported that their children seemed perfectly
normal to them as babies. They had no cause for concern until
their child inexplicably changed. This was sometime in the second
year of life. They lost the language they already had and
completely lost interest in other people.

Scare stories
What sort of unusual and possibly traumatic events happen in the
second year that might cause this problem? Vaccination!
Vaccination always has an aura of suspicion. By its very nature
vaccination is an assault on the small and vulnerable body of a
young child. In order to prevent disease, the vaccine provokes a
mild form of the disease. These symptoms are temporary and soon
shaken off by almost all healthy children. But there are rare cases
where things can go wrong, and very wrong, where consequences
might even result in brain damage. Now, if vaccinations were
multiplied, would the risk be even higher? Precisely such a
multiplication was introduced relatively recently. In many
countries it became health policy to protect the population with a
44

single vaccination against three killer diseases, measles, mumps,
and rubella—MMR, the triple vaccination.
Could the triple vaccination be linked to the increase in autism?
This hypothesis was clear, plausible, and deﬁnitely worth
pursuing. And it was pursued vigorously in a number of studies
worldwide. Almost unanimously these studies came up with a
resoundingly negative answer. Study after study demonstrated
that the increase in autism started long before triple vaccination
was introduced. The introduction of the vaccine did not go
together with a steep rise in cases. The last nail in the cofﬁn was
that the withdrawal of MMR in Japan did nothing to stop the rise
of cases of ASD. In short, this vaccination is not responsible for
increases in cases of autism.

But it was not only the triple vaccination that worried people.
Thimerosal, a derivative of mercury, has been used from the 1930s
as an effective preservative for vaccines and for other medicines
too until very recently. It has been phased out from 1999. Mercury
is a heavy metal, and hazardous because the brain is susceptible to
45

A huge increase in cases

Experts delved into medical records of individual cases, and found
that in many there was concern about the child’s development
already before the vaccination. Even though the negative results
were reported in the press, remaining doubts and dissenting views
continued to be presented. Indeed the general concern with
vaccination has still not disappeared. Are governments and big
pharmaceutical corporations out to suppress the truth and deny
responsibility? Does the individual ever get a hearing against a
powerful corporate defence? On the other hand, do lawyers
unscrupulously take advantage of suspicion to make claims for
compensation? There have been precedents for both cover-ups
and greed. Given previous scandals where public reassurance had
been wrong, politicians feel understandably ambivalent and are
torn between whether to side with scientists or parental pressure
groups.

Autism

poisoning by heavy metals. It seemed possible that this could be a
contributory cause of autism. This is another idea that was worth
pursuing. It was taken very seriously by scientists in the USA and
particularly in Japan, where in the recent past a terrible
environmental disaster due to metal poisoning had occurred.
However, researchers were able to rule out mercury poisoning as a
cause of autism, comparing children exposed to mercury with
those who were not. Furthermore, the number of autism cases
continued to increase in California after Thimerosal was removed
from vaccines. Nevertheless, the idea still lingers on, and many
websites are devoted to this case, including those that offer
treatments to remove traces of heavy metals from the body, which
are themselves hazardous.
Just as in the case of the triple vaccine, some campaigners are so
convinced of their claims regarding Thimerosal that they cannot
change their belief. They do not see the relevance of scientiﬁc
studies that refute the claims. This suggests that other as yet
unknown scares could start at any time and take over the lives of
campaigners.
Of course there will be more ideas about which environmental
factors might contribute to autism. But these ideas need to be
anchored in basic research, and basic research has not yet thrown
up a credible candidate. On the other hand, blue-sky ideas about
possible factors, not anchored in basic research, can waste an
awful lot of time and energy.

More reasons for further increases in numbers
Here we take a brief look at the now often blurred boundaries of
autistic spectrum disorders.
Diane’s colleague at the lab where she worked had a little son who
was 7 years old and increasingly difﬁcult to handle. He was
constantly doing things he should not do; he had tantrums almost
46

daily; he was aggressive to other children and seemed unable to
take part in group activities at school. Moira was at the end of her
tether and ﬁnally went to a clinic specializing in autistic disorders.
Diane was not surprised when Moira announced that Ben had an
autism spectrum disorder. The diagnosis brought considerable
relief to Moira. Ben was not simply a naughty child, who
misbehaved all the time. Instead he just couldn’t help being
different. Further, she now might obtain special educational
resources that she could not otherwise have claimed. But would
another professional have diagnosed Ben as having conduct
disorder with attention deﬁcit disorder? Quite possibly.

Perhaps today social incompetence is apparent more often because
the demands on social competence are so high. Maybe our social
life has become more complicated as people travel more, migrate
more, and change jobs more often. If so, it would not be surprising
if more children and adults fall short of high demands on social
skills. This would include individuals with no particular problems
of any kind, but a propensity to be loners and unconventional in
their interests. Possibly such people would now be considered for
diagnosis, even though they would not have been a generation ago.
We also should consider children with mental retardation of
unknown causes. Here social competence is often in line with
other abilities and all abilities are very limited. If looked at in
detail, the poor social skills turn out not to be the same as in
47

A huge increase in cases

What about the very bright children who are puzzling because,
compared to their high intelligence, their social interaction and
communication is relatively backward? There may now sometimes
be pressure for a diagnosis of Asperger syndrome, when in
previous times no one would have worried. In past times these
children would have been treasured for their high abilities, and
their social awkwardness would have been excused. In today’s
culture social abilities are arguably more vital to success than ever
before, and therefore treasured more highly than ever before.

autism, but superﬁcially there might be little difference. However,
these children too tend to be increasingly subsumed under the
autism spectrum.

Autism

I have mentioned these examples because the blurring of the
boundaries brings the danger of diluting the concept of autism.
This would be a pity, because research has succeeded in
identifying the core social features of autism, and has provided
methods to differentiate different kinds of social impairment.
These are likely to have a different basis in the mind/brain. I have
already touched on the characteristic impairment in autism as
concerning truly reciprocal interaction.
The widening of the criteria for autistic disorder is a commonly
acknowledged reason why there are so many cases today. Is this a
good thing or a bad thing? The answer will depend on your point
of view. Is there a limit to widening the concept of autism and the
stretching of criteria? Does the spectrum really have sharp cut-off
points where we can diagnose a person who is affected by autism
and a person who is not?
What about the relatives of people with ASD? Are they ‘on the
spectrum’ themselves? Sometimes quite strong and sometimes
very watered down symptoms can be seen in the relatives. The
observation of very mild autistic features in relatives is greater
than might be expected by chance. This has given rise to the idea
that there is indeed a broader phenotype of autistic disorders. This
means that the genes that are responsible for this phenotype might
exist in quite a large number of people, hardly any of whom are
autistic themselves. Perhaps these genes predispose them to have
children with ASD. This idea is plausible, but as yet speculative.

Are we all—or at least all men—a little bit autistic?
Diane can easily spot people with poor social and emotional
intelligence, and most of them seem to be male. In her husband
48

she can spot a sad lack of interest in romantic movies compared to
his obsessive interest in football. He seems to spend endless hours
going through websites to identify the latest technical gizmos and
accessories for his camera. Does this have anything to do with the
autism spectrum?

Being a ‘little bit autistic’ can be something of a fashion statement.
It can also be a welcome excuse for people who are particularly
obsessed with their own interests, and don’t wish to consider
another person’s point of view. It can also be a great compliment.
It vaguely alludes to genius. Hans Asperger himself implied that a
dash of autism was part and parcel of being a creative scientist. He
drew parallels between autism, scientiﬁc originality, and
introversion.
Was Asperger right in claiming that the autistic personality is an
extreme variant of male intelligence? In his 1944 paper, which I
translated (Autism and Asperger Syndrome (1991), 85), he says:
Girls are the better learners. They are more gifted for the concrete
and the practical, and for tidy, methodical work. Boys, on the other
hand, tend to have a gift for logical ability, abstraction, precise
thinking and formulating, and for independent scientiﬁc
investigation . . . In general abstraction is congenial to male thought
49

A huge increase in cases

I can see the mocking humour in describing your nearest and
dearest or the person next door as ‘deﬁnitely on the spectrum’ or ‘a
little bit autistic’. It conveys quite a lot of information about the
person. But for me this has nothing to do with the true autism
spectrum. We are usually talking of a highly educated male who
can focus single-mindedly on a particular goal to the detriment of
his concern for other people. This male can be an outstanding
scientist or artist who doesn’t seem to care what others think of
him. Sometimes he is a scholar who is not particularly creative, but
has the ability to acquire and retain masses of information. He will
generally dislike novelty and often rigidly hold to his own opinion.

processes, while female thought processes draw more strongly on
feelings and instincts. In the autistic person abstraction is so highly
developed that the relationship to the concrete, to objects and to
people has largely been lost, and as a result the instinctual aspects
of adaptation are heavily reduced.

Simon Baron-Cohen in Cambridge has taken this idea further. He
proposes that the outstanding fact about stereotypically male
intelligence is driven by a need to have systems. He calls it
systemizing. However, you need empathizing to predict the
behaviour of other people and to understand their feelings.

Autism

Empathizing and systemizing
Here is a fun thing to do. You can take Baron-Cohen’s AQ test on
the web. You can ﬁnd it easily on Google. This is a questionnaire
and you have to say whether you agree with a particular statement
or not. For instance, ‘I prefer to do things with others rather than
on my own’; ‘I prefer to do things the same way over and over
again’. Your answers will count towards your total empathizing
and systemizing scores. You guessed it: high empathizing scores
are typical of women; high systemizing scores are typical of men.
Further, high empathizing scores are typical of humanities
students, and high systemizing scores are typical of science
students. Interestingly, scientists are over-represented among the
relatives of individuals with ASD.
People with Asperger syndrome get very high scores on this
questionnaire, much higher than most other people. But don’t
think you can diagnose yourself, your friends, and relatives! As we
have seen already, the diagnostic process is a very long and
difﬁcult process, and even experienced clinicians can get it wrong
sometimes.

The excess of males
Actually, in most developmental disorders more males are affected
than females—for example dyslexia, attention deﬁcit disorder, and
50

conduct disorder. It is not clear why this is so. It is not clear
whether in autism the excess of males needs special explanation
over and above this general phenomenon. Nevertheless, the ratio
in autism is quite extreme at the more able end of the spectrum,
with 8 to 1. At other parts of the spectrum it seems to vary between
2 : 1 and 4 : 1. Taken together, the excess of males and the typically
male preference for systemizing might give a clue to the origin of
autism. This is what has led Simon Baron Cohen to investigate
whether testosterone, the male hormone, could play a role. The
jury is still out.

After all—is there a real increase?

And yet, Diane cannot help asking whether there is not also a
hidden real increase. Science cannot at present give an answer, but
should be able to do so in the future. The continued careful
monitoring of cases will be essential, but so will vigilance about
the boundaries of the diagnostic criteria.

51

A huge increase in cases

Should Diane be worried that more and more autistic children are
born now than were before? Actually, she shouldn’t be. Yes there
has been a huge increase, but there are good reasons for it. The
increase is not a mystery and is not a sign of an epidemic. It can be
explained by broadening diagnostic criteria, increased awareness,
but also better identiﬁcation and services for affected children.
Further, if people now diagnosed with autism do not always show
all the signs in their most typical form, who is to say that there are
not more hidden cases that will only gradually come to light?

Chapter 4
Autism as a
neurodevelopmental disorder

Why is autism a neurodevelopmental disorder?
Mental disorders that are ultimately due to genetic causes and
present from early childhood are known as neurodevelopmental
disorders. Diane wonders what that means. The neuro part of this
term clearly refers to the brain. Does this mean it is a question of
biology or psychology? It is both! When she sees the term
neurodevelopment Diane should think mental development,
because brain and mind is the same thing looked at from different
points of view. The word development should remind her that we
are dealing with a dynamic process. Even tiny deviations from the
normal path of brain/mind development at the start can have
huge consequences later on.
As Diane informs herself about autism many questions spring to
her mind. If you have the genetic fault—never mind what genes
are involved—would you then become autistic? Not so. This is
only true for vary rare genetic disorders, but unlikely to be the case
for autistic disorders. Here the gene fault gives a predisposition to
become autistic, but what actually happens will depend on other
factors. Some of these factors might make autism more likely.
These are risk factors. For example, being male means there is a
higher risk of autism. Others may make it less likely, for example,
being female. These are protective factors.
52

It would be nice if we knew more about protective factors. Could
these factors allow you to escape the consequences of a particular
genetic predisposition? Remember Sleeping Beauty? She gets a
curse from the evil fairy, meaning she will die young from a
poisoned spindle, but she gets a reprieve from the good fairy,
meaning that instead of dying she will fall asleep. Clearly, the good
fairy does not completely cancel out the bad fairy. But it is still
better than if only the bad fairy prevails. In this case, the genetic
predisposition sets the programme for abnormal brain
development. This starts even before birth.

However, this danger does not stop with birth. Brain development
is by no means ﬁnished at birth. Huge sweeps of brain
reorganization take place from time to time during the whole
course of development. Changes continue to happen so that highly
efﬁcient pathways are created to match up to the skills that are
most used. These always involve making more efﬁcient
connections between cells. This is often called plasticity.
So, the brain changes all the time, just like the mind. It changes as
a result of what we learn. It also changes as a result of maturation,
much of which is under the control of pre-set biological processes.
Evolution has already taken care of the most basic needs to survive
and we don’t need much learning to breathe and walk. These are
automatically set priorities for the brain, and brain functions to do
with thinking and complex behaviour are not top priority. Here
faults can be tolerated, more or less. Sometimes, development can
work around the problem and nobody knows the difference.
53

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

The development of the brain before birth is one of the great
wonders of life. All the nerve cells are born in one place and then
have to migrate to their ﬁnal destination. This is so complex that
problems in navigation are only too likely. Other problems can
occur in forming the cells in the ﬁrst place. Finally, when all this is
done, another danger looms. This is the process of connecting the
cells to each other.

Sometimes, it can’t, and problems become obvious. No wonder
neurodevelopmental disorders are very complex and very difﬁcult
to understand.

Autism

Why look in the genes?
Diane wonders why genetic causes are so readily accepted, when
there must be other possibilities. What about environmental
toxins, immune responses, food allergies, viruses, or bacteria? The
studies we discussed in the previous chapter showed that the
environmental causes investigated to date, such as Thimerosal, are
not causes of autism. Other environmental causes, such as a virus
that leads to brain inﬂammation and subsequent brain damage,
have also been studied. Indeed some cases have been described
where autism resulted as a severe consequence of acute brain
disease. However, these are rare causes of autism, and the
symptoms that go with this form of autism tend to be rather severe
with intellectual impairment going alongside.
For good reasons, the main suspect has long been a fault in the
genetic code. Hans Asperger repeatedly stated that one or other of
the parents of the children he saw themselves had distinct features
of the disorder. However, it was only in the 1970s and 80s that
proof was obtained. This proof came from twins. Michael Rutter
and Susan Folstein managed to collect twenty-one pairs of twins,
at least one of whom had been diagnosed as autistic. Now they
could look at these twins and sort them into identical and
non-identical pairs. Only the identical pairs share the identical
genes, the non-identical pairs share approximately half their
genes, in the same way as other siblings. Of course, both kinds of
twin share a substantial part of their environment, before birth
and as they grow up. If the identical twins were more often both
diagnosed as autistic, then this points to a genetic rather than
environmental cause. This was indeed found. In 90 per cent of the
identical twin pairs, but only in 10 per cent of the non-identical
54

pairs did both children have an autism spectrum condition. This is
a remarkable result. Hardly any other mental disorder is so highly
genetic.

In selected cases of autism mutations in small sequences on
particular chromosomes have been found. Sometimes the
mutations are already present in one or other of the parents. But
these mutations have been identiﬁed in a small minority of cases
only. So what about the rest, the vast majority? Here, multiple
genes are most likely to play a role and these are hard to pinpoint.
Currently huge studies with large numbers of families are under
way to hunt for the predisposing genes and to ﬁnd the additional
non-genetic factors that might be necessary for autism to result.
But, what are these additional risk factors? It seems that all these
evil fairies cast their spell early in pregnancy. Certain viral
infections of the mother during pregnancy are thought be a risk
factor. Rubella is a known example. An as yet unknown effect of a
drug might be a risk factor. For example, thalidomide was found
not only to affect the physical growth of the foetus, but also the
brain in rare cases, and this resulted in autism.
55

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

Now it gets complicated. In almost all the pairs of identical twins,
one twin is more severely affected than the other, and in at least
one pair one twin was not affected by autism at all. This is not in
the least surprising to geneticists. Remember, genes always
interact with other factors. So, in any garden, plants from the
identical seed do not show identical growth. In some cases, the
position in sun or shade, the presence or absence of water, can
markedly affect what the plant will look like and how well it will
grow, over and above its genetic potential. In the case of human
development, we just don’t know what exactly plays the role of
seed, sun, or water. For this reason the search for autism genes is
actually a search for risk factors and protective factors. I have
already likened these to the evil fairy and the good fairy in
Sleeping Beauty.

As far as Diane knows, there was never a case of autism or
Asperger syndrome in her or her husband’s family. But she cannot
be reassured, because autism really can occur seemingly out of the
blue. Obviously, in other families autistic disorders can be traced
down the generations through the intricate pattern of genes.

Autism

Why do several disorders often occur together?
There is another question in Diane’s mind: autism can be very
complex and it looks as if sometimes several disorders might be
superimposed on each other in one and the same individual. This
was clearly the case with her colleague’s son, Ben. When Gary was
diagnosed he had symptoms that could have ﬁtted in with a
number of different disorders: dyspraxia, mild learning disability,
attention deﬁcit disorder, PDD-NOS, or Asperger syndrome.
Which of these labels is the most appropriate? Autism spectrum
disorder tends to be the category that trumps others. This is partly
because the social and communication impairments have the most
serious consequences and partly because autism is most likely to
attract services. But why are there such cases like Gary?
Cases who ﬁt more than one disorder are not rare among
neurodevelopmental disorders. As a basic scientist I have felt
the disdain of clinicians, who know that they daily deal with cases
that have more than one disorder at the same time. The term
‘comorbid’, meaning ‘illness on top of other illness’, is often used.
Many professionals who care for children who have
neurodevelopmental disorders feel that the diagnosis is irrelevant,
but that the different needs of each individual child, whatever they
are, are what actually matters. This is eminently sensible in
practice. But it is not satisfactory from a scientiﬁc point of view.
We need to explain why there are both pure cases and comorbid
cases.
One explanation is a shrapnel effect of some initial cause, as
opposed to a clean bullet. With the clean bullet, only a single brain
56

system would be affected while the rest of the brain is left more or
less intact. With the shrapnel effect more systems will be affected
at once. One possible initial cause is a failure in brain
development, perhaps a failure in cell migration. The failure can
be limited, or it can be more general. In the more general case it
would also be more severe in its effect and allow fewer means of
compensation.

This theory is testable if the inherent stability of an organism can
be measured. Apparently it can be, but it has not yet been applied
to autistic disorders. Inherently stable organisms can be
recognized by having more symmetrical physical features and
fewer physical anomalies, and these can be counted up to give a
stability value to each individual. The stable individuals can adapt
better when some adversity happens during their development.
But of course, only up to a point. Autism may strike even a stable
organism, but then this might be the only assault that this
organism cannot hold out against. The result would be a ‘pure’
case of autism. With unstable organisms it is likely that several
different adversities would affect development, one blow after the
other. The result would be a combination of neurodevelopmental
disorders. In the case of Gary for instance, one would expect a
number of physical anomalies and fewer symmetrical features of
his body, while the opposite would be predicted for Edward. I have
57

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

However, there are other explanations. One novel idea, which is
still untested, is instability. Imagine that every developing
organism comes with a certain degree of stability or instability.
The more stable, the better the organism can withstand the
dangers that inevitably occur during development. The more
unstable the organism, the more likely that it will not be able to do
this. Some of these dangers already lie in the formation of the
genetic programme right at the beginning, and others are in the
developing brain. In theory, the same dangers may have little or no
effect in a stable organism, when they have marked effects in an
unstable one.

to add that this idea is very speculative and there is no evidence as
yet to say that it can apply to autism.

The brain in autism

Autism

Surely, a condition that has a profound effect on an individual’s
mind must leave a footprint in the brain. But where to look for this
footprint? Indeed, lots of studies exist that have found
abnormalities in the brain of people with autism. But what kind of
abnormality? There are no holes in the head of autistic people, no
tumours, no scars.
The brain consists of millions of neurons and connecting ﬁbres.
Are there abnormalities in these neurons, in their individual
structure and function? Is this visible via a microscope? Should
the footprint of autism also be sought in the living brain at the
level of brain systems? Such systems spring into action when we
perform particular actions, and think particular thoughts. Here no
microscope can help, but the activity of the systems can be made
visible by brain scanners. They capture images of blood ﬂowing
towards those regions that are particularly active.
Both these techniques have been used and both have yielded
information. The autistic brain shows abnormalities in the
detailed structure of nerve cells as well as in the structure and
level of activity of systems in the living brain. But to interpret
these abnormalities is not easy. In fact, we don’t yet have enough
information and we do not yet know how to put the information
from the two sources together.

Under the microscope
Studying brain cells under a microscope, in very ﬁne detail,
is painstaking work and done rather rarely. Researchers have
found that certain parts of the autistic brain have cells with an
abnormal structure. For example, there is a certain type of cell
58

which has a particularly beautiful tree-like structure, and is called
the Purkinje cell. These cells are smaller and there are fewer of
them in autistic brains, in particular the cerebellum. Likewise, in
other parts of the brain, for instance, the limbic system, cells seem
to be packed less densely. Cells in the frontal cortex, which are
packed together in minicolumns, are smaller and more isolated
from each other.
All these facts are still unexplained. However, an important
conclusion can be drawn already. The type of abnormalities that
are found in the cells themselves suggest that they started early on
in foetal development. They are not ‘acquired’ in later
development.

Diane volunteered to be a subject in a brain scanning experiment.
She saw a picture of her own brain, looking like an X-ray
photograph. Would an autistic brain look different? At ﬁrst
glance the brain of an individual with autism looks ﬁne. At second
glance, however, there are plenty of differences. Some regions have
been found to be smaller than normal and others larger.
Abnormalities have been found in white matter where all the
connecting ﬁbres are that link brain regions together. Long-range
connecting ﬁbres in particular have been found to be more sparse
in autism.
The most important use of scanners is in cleverly designed
experiments where it is possible to see the pattern of activity
during thinking, imagining, and so on. When Diane was lying in
the scanner she was shown a series of pictures. The researcher
explained to her that her brain is active all the time, but when she
saw nasty pictures compared to nice ones, the amygdala region of
her brain burst into extra activity. This was the case even when the
nasty picture was ﬂashed up so brieﬂy that she was not even aware
of what it was.
59

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

In the scanner

Autism

So far only a small number of neuroimaging experiments have
been done with autistic people. This is because they are difﬁcult to
do. One of the main problems is that the person in the scanner
must remain completely still. They must not move their head, not
even by one millimetre. Also, the scanner is very noisy and dark,
and the whole procedure can make people anxious. However, the
main stumbling block is with the design of the experiments.
Well-controlled designs are unfortunately rare.
For example, we could ask Edward and Gary to say what emotion
a person in a photograph displays. This is something that they
both ﬁnd hard to do. But what exactly is it that they ﬁnd hard in
this deceptively simple task? If you think about the task, and cut it
down into components, then you can separate out different
requirements. For example, to what extent is memory involved,
knowledge of words, visual perception? But this is only scratching
the surface. Some of the experiments to date have found
differences in brain activity during tasks, which people with ASD
perform well, but appear to perform differently, using their brain
in a different way. Most experiments report that activity in critical
brain regions is reduced in autism. This is the case, for example,
when the person in the scanner is shown pictures of faces.
Faint traces of brain activity can also be measured through the
skull. The methods that are used to measure this activity are EEG,
a technique which measures electrical signals, and MEG, a
technique which measures magnetic signals. Such signals are
given out by the brain all the time, but it is possible to catch the
signals at the exact time when a particular event is perceived. So,
one can track in real time how the event is processed in the brain.
One can compare the signals between one event and another but
only by averaging hundreds of trials because the signal is so weak.
To do this, researchers may present the same tone through
earphones over and over again, but suddenly they present a
different tone. The tiny amount of electrical or magnetic activity
that occurs at this surprise is an indicator of how sensitive the
60

brain is to differences in these sounds. EEG and MEG techniques
have the great advantage that they can be used fairly easily even
with young or impaired children. Abnormal responses in autistic
children, for example, when looking at faces, have been found.
We do not yet know the signiﬁcance of any of these ﬁndings, what
exactly they tell us about anatomical structure or physiological
function. Once we can combine the information from the different
techniques to study the brain, we will we know where to look for
the footprint of autism. This will take time.

Bigger brains
Only recently has it been proposed that young children with
autism may have larger heads than other children. Leo Kanner
had noticed this, but this observation had long been ignored.
Actually, head size at birth in children with autism is no different
from other children. The difference arises later, after the ﬁrst year
of life. Then again, at later ages, measurements to date indicate
that head size might decrease again. What does this all mean?
Head size, and presumably brain size is not ﬁxed. It changes
during one’s lifetime. There are indications that in early childhood
brain size increases much more rapidly in autism than in typically
developing children. During this phase the difference between the
61

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

There is no doubt that the autistic brain shows abnormal function
in different brain regions, but one has to worry about the
inconsistency of the results to date. Researchers currently favour
the idea that the source of the abnormalities is in the brain’s
connectivity. One of the most important features of the brain is the
massive amount of connections between different regions. The
brain has to do a phenomenal amount of work to integrate
information that comes from different systems of the brain. It may
well be that the abnormality of brain function in autism means
that this work is done less efﬁciently (Figure 7).

Autism

7. There are multitudes of connections between brain regions. It is
possible that the brain is connected less well in autism. There could be
fewer connections, or misconnections

groups is very large. However, the brain of typically developing
children also increases and catches up eventually.
At this point the deﬁnitive study following different individuals
over time has yet to be done. But we can assume that the young
brain waxes and wanes during development. Perhaps in autism
there is more waxing than waning, at least during early childhood.
What could be behind this bulge in brain size?

Pruning overgrowth in the developing brain
Diane is reminded of her garden, where shrubs proliferate and
have to be pruned to be kept from choking themselves. It makes
sense that the brain too has phases of overgrowth and pruning. If
the number of nerve cells is more or less ﬁxed at birth, then it is
62

presumably the connections between nerve cells that get pruned.
These connections are quite like plants, and particularly roots of
plants, with many branches (called dendrites) that spread out to
make connections with other branches from other nerve cells. At
the point of contact between these branches, there are most
intricate devices, called synapses. These are miniature factories
that regulate what goes in and out. This has all been studied in the
lab of neurobiologists who can look at just a few brain cells under
the microscope. Often these cells come from mice, but they work
in exactly the same way in humans.
A good gardener, like Diane, often has to prune bushes, hedges,
and trees in her garden. In the case of the brain the role of the
gardener is partly taken by the genes that control the process, and
partly by learning. Learning is a way of sorting out the necessary
63

Autism as a neurodevelopmental disorder

8. Example of a very large brain as shown by some children with
autism. Many children with autism have small head size at birth, but
show an excessively large increase in head size after the ﬁrst year of
life. From late childhood onwards decreases in headsize have been
reported

connections from the unnecessary ones. We can imagine that in
the autistic brain one or both these ‘gardeners’ are negligent.
Perhaps there are too many connections, which result in
misconnections.
Unfortunately, no direct evidence exists that could tell us exactly
what it is going on. We also need more knowledge about the
normal development of the brain. There is a lot of work to do.

Autism

Some preliminary conclusions
I cannot hide the fact that there is little speciﬁc to report about the
causes of autism, nor about the brain in autism. In this chapter I
have therefore stuck to more general issues but couldn’t resist
adding one or two speculations, like instability of the developing
organism, and pruning in the developing brain. You can read
hundreds of scientiﬁc articles and whole books about the
biological factors involved in the causation of autism and the
medical conditions that accompany autism sometimes. There are
also hundreds of studies using structural and functional brain
imaging techniques attempting to tell you important facts about
the brain in autism. However, soon there will be other papers and
books, and they will all tell slightly different stories.
What conclusions can Diane draw from the work in progress?
First, there is not just one cause of autism but many. Different
mixes of predisposing genes might be implicated in different cases.
Brain abnormalities that can be seen under the microscope
suggest that they stem from a very early stage in foetal
development. Larger brains in autistic children are an interesting
new ﬁnding, but it is not yet known what this means.

64

Chapter 5
Social communication: the
heart of the matter

What are the problems in social communication
and why are they there?
Dare I say that the really interesting facts about autism are not
about the brain and not about genes? They are about the mind. I
ﬁrmly believe that even if we did know everything about the
causes of autism, we would still not understand autism. We need
to know what it is like to be autistic.
Why can’t you fully share in the social world if you are autistic?
Is there an extra social sense, beyond sound, sight, or touch, that
they don’t have? Children born blind or deaf can still receive and
respond to social signals, but autistic children cannot do this.
From now on we are going to look at insights from psychological
research that lead us to the heart of autism. In this chapter
we look at three big ideas that a number of scientists have put
forward to clarify what autistic failure of social communication is
all about.

The ﬁrst big idea: reading minds
Let’s go back to Mark Haddon’s novel, The Curious Incident of the
Dog in the Night-time. Christopher, the hero in the book, can solve
difﬁcult logical problems. But he does not get the social signals
65

that are glaringly obvious to everybody else. He does not know
who is lying and who is trying to help him. Why does he have these
problems? This question, unlike many of our questions so far, has
an answer.

. . . one day Julie sat down at a desk next to me and put a tube
of Smarties on the desk, and she said, ‘Christopher, what do
you think is in here?’
And I said, ‘Smarties.’
Then she took the top off the Smarties tube and turned it
upside down and a little red pencil came out and she laughed
and I said, ‘it’s not Smarties, it’s a pencil.’

Autism

Then she put the little red pencil back inside the Smarties
tube and put the top back on.
Then she said, ‘If your Mummy came in now, and we asked
her what was inside the Smarties tube, what do you think she
would say?’ . . .
And I said, ‘A pencil.’
That was because when I was little I didn’t understand
about other people having minds. And Julie said to Mother
and Father that I would always ﬁnd this very difﬁcult. But I
don’t ﬁnd this difﬁcult now. Because I decided that it was a
kind of puzzle, and if something is a puzzle there is always a
way of solving it.

The book is only a story, but the experiment that is described here
was carried out some twenty years before. That much time is
needed for new theories to be tested thoroughly and for a new idea
to become widely known. Scientiﬁc breakthroughs rarely happen
overnight, and are rarely due to a single person. On the contrary,
they usually rely on the work of many people over many years.
66

How do scientists study someone like Christopher? How can they
ﬁnd the reason for his strange problems? If you have read the
book, you may remember that Christopher has to use logic to ﬁnd
out what his father, or anyone else, knows and believes. Only a
person with autism has to do this. Most of us readers don’t use
logic. Instead we have an automatic indicator. Think of a SatNav
that tells you where you are in relation to space. The brain has a
device that tells you where you are in relation to other people. We
just know that people or characters in a story have wishes,
feelings, and beliefs and most of the time we know pretty exactly
what they are; most of us are born to read minds. Christopher
can’t read minds.

The ﬁrst ever test of the big idea is illustrated in Figure 9. It goes
like this: Sally has a basket, and Anne has a box. Sally has a marble
and puts it inside her basket. Then she goes to play outside. While
Sally is away, naughty Anne takes the marble from the basket and
puts it into her own box. Now, it is time for Sally to come back. She
wants to play with her marble. Where will she look for her marble?
Most children by the time they are 5 years old, can answer this
question with great conﬁdence. Sally will look for her marble in
the basket, because that is where she believes it is. Her belief is
now false; we know where the marble really is, but Sally does not
know this.
In contrast, even very clever children with autism ﬁnd the
Sally–Anne test very hard. They tend to say that Sally will look
where the marble really is. They do not take into account Sally’s
now outdated belief. They will eventually learn what is going on,
67

Social communication: the heart of the matter

The social part of our brain and mind normally allows us to react
automatically to other people’s behaviour. We don’t have to think
about it, but we can explain what people do by taking into account
what they think and want. This has been dubbed ‘mentalizing’ or
having a ‘Theory of Mind’. In autism the mentalizing mechanism
has gone wrong.

Autism

9. The Sally–Anne test
This test was used by Baron-Cohen, S., Leslie, A. and Frith, U. (1985) Does the autistic
child have a “theory of mind”? Cognition, 21, 37–46

but it takes them much longer than normally developing children,
and what they learn is something different from the easy and
automatic grasp of the situation. In autism mentalizing never
seems to be effortless and automatic. One extremely able person
with autism said about his difﬁculties in social interaction, ‘I sit
down after an exchange to ﬁgure out intentions, beliefs, etc. I
deﬁnitely need to do this “off-line”, after-the-fact, not in
real-time.’
So, learning does go on but it often misses the crucial point. For
instance, the mother of a young man with autism said: ‘I have
taught him to apologize when he has hurt somebody’s feelings. He
always does this—except he doesn’t recognize when the feelings
are hurt. He is over-doing it.’ But there are many cases with far less

68

understanding. One young man was always staring at others
because he believed that his thoughts would then be known to the
person he was staring at.

Mentalizing in the brain
The big idea has led to the discovery of a previously unsuspected
brain system. This brain system is dedicated to mentalizing. It was
discovered with the aid of brain scanners. One challenge was to
create stimuli that invite spontaneous mentalizing and contrast
them with stimuli that don’t do that. The extra brain activity in
this comparison tells us which brain areas are involved in
mentalizing. These areas are shown in Figure 11.
It turned out that simply showing people animated movies could
bring out this contrast. The actors in the movies were two little
triangles. In some movies they interacted with each other as in
Figure 10, and in other movies, they moved randomly.

69

Social communication: the heart of the matter

The Sally–Anne test is an illustration of an explicit and fully
conscious form of mind reading, a form that is mastered relatively
late in development. Recent research on the typical development
of mentalizing has succeeded in showing evidence for the ability in
infants in their second year of life. This evidence is obtained from
the eye gaze pattern of young children when they watch a scenario,
a bit like the Sally–Anne test. For example, they gaze longer—and
show surprise—when Sally looks where the marble really is, and
not where she must think it is. So they obviously have a strong
expectation of where Sally will look, and are curious about seeing a
different outcome. Research in progress indicates that autistic
children do not have this capacity for these quite unconscious
forms of mind reading. Furthermore, it is doubtful if they ever
acquire them. Lack of intuitive mentalizing has been nicknamed
mindblindness.

Interacting Triangles

10. Movement can give the illusion that the triangles are creatures
interacting with each other. The animated sequence illustrated in the
stills above evokes the following interpretation: The big triangle
(mother) and the little triangle (child) are in the house. The mother
goes outside and gently persuades the initially reluctant child to go out
as well. At last the child ventures outside, and both play happily
together.
Castelli, F., Happé, F., Frith, U. & Frith, C. (2000) Movement and mind: A functional
imaging study of perception and interpretation of complex intentional movement
patterns. NeuroImage, 12, 314–25

Medial prefrontal
cortex

Superior temporal sulcus/
temporal-parietal junction
Basal temporal region

Basal temporal region
Temporal pole
11. Regions of the brain that are active during mentalizing in the
normal brain. They show reduced activation in people with autism and
have weaker connectivity
Adapted from Castelli, F., Happé, F., Frith, U. & Frith, C. (2000) Movement and mind: A
functional imaging study of perception and interpretation of complex intentional
movement patterns. NeuroImage, 12, 314–25

Problems with the ﬁrst big idea

Autism

The mindblindness idea has been tested vigorously over many
years, but there are still loose ends that will have to be tied up in
the future. One of the main criticisms is that difﬁculties in
mentalizing are not found in all people on the autism spectrum.
Let’s assume that this criticism isn’t just based on using the
Sally–Anne test. After all, this is just one test, and to test
mentalizing you need a full battery of tests with stringent
controls.
The second criticism of the big idea is that people who are not
autistic, but have other disabilities, also fail mentalizing tasks.
This criticism is not fatal. You can fail the tasks for different
reasons. After all, depending on the task, typically developing
children can fail them too. For example, if you use the Sally–Anne
task, then children below age 4 fail it, and so do deaf children at
much older ages. But in each case there are many other indicators
that show that they can mind-read. Another criticism of the big
idea is that the social impairment of autism emerges before
mentalizing emerges in typical development. Recent research with
infants who show the capacity for intuitive mentalizing in their
second year of life may answer this criticism.
A fair criticism is that mentalizing failure disregards the
emotional aspects of social communication, especially those
aspects that allow the automatic and intimate sharing of feelings.
These emotional aspects are addressed much better in the second
and third of the big ideas.

The second big idea: driven to be social
David never seemed to look at people from when he was a small
child. He even seemed to avoid eye contact and turned away when
he was held for a hug. He did not mould his body to that of his
mother’s when she tried to cuddle him. He stiffened when he was
picked up. His willingness to look at familiar people increased
72

somewhat as he got older, but still he did not relish physical
contact and was happiest when on his own.
This is the second big idea: autistic individuals lack the
biologically hard-wired drive to be social. Evidence for this drive
is seen straight from birth. The baby prefers to look at faces rather
than other objects, and seeks to listen to speech above other noises.
But this is only the beginning. In the ﬁrst year of life the infant is
constantly engaged in interaction, primarily with the mother, but
also with other people. These interactions are highly pleasurable.

Proponents of the second big idea have also claimed joint
attention as a sign of the hugely important drive to be interested in
other people. Actually, joint attention has equally been claimed by
proponents of the ﬁrst big idea—as a ﬁrst sign of mentalizing.
Both views might be correct.
There must be a brain basis for this precociously established social
drive. It is presumably necessary for the survival of young babies.
This brain basis may be faulty in autism. A number of autism
researchers have independently targeted regions of the brain that
are known as the social brain. One particular idea is that there is a
brain system underpinning our instinctive emotional responses to
others, located predominately in the amygdala. A fault in this
system could give rise to a conspicuous class of social and
communication problems in autism. These have in common an
73

Social communication: the heart of the matter

One easy-to-observe example is the sharing of affect, whether
smiles or frowns. Experiments have shown that infants are
exquisitely sensitive to the timing of face-to-face interaction with
their mother. In an experiment mother and baby could see and
hear each other via a monitor. They could still interact very
happily, showing beautifully synchronized movements and
expressions. If the mother’s picture on the monitor was frozen for
a brief moment, this immediately evoked distress. The healthy
young baby is a thoroughly social creature.

indifference to other people, difﬁculties in even looking at people
and, as a further consequence, no joint attention and difﬁculties in
recognizing people.

A world of faces, bodies, and eyes

Autism

The second big idea makes us aware that we are all living in a
world of people. People, with their faces, bodies, eyes, and their
history, are not just always around us, but are constantly in our
minds, in our memory, our dreams, and our imagination. Is it
possible that this is not the case for autistic people? What a very
different inner life they would have. When we meet a friend again
after some years, we can effortlessly remember whether we parted
amicably or had a disagreement. Imagine if you were unable to do
this. You would surely think the world of people complicated and
unpredictable.
Here is an extract from what an anonymous person with Asperger
syndrome wrote:
Something that most of us ﬁnd difﬁcult to remember is to whom we
have said something and to whom not. Neurotypical people seem to
be able to keep a mental ﬁle or record for every person they know
with minute details, down to the ﬁbs that have been said along with
a mental note to keep them in mind.

One of the most important things about the world of people is
faces. And in faces it is the eyes that attract our attention.
In an imaginative study scientists tracked the eye gaze of people as
they watched the famous Hollywood ﬁlm Who’s Afraid of Virginia
Woolf with Elizabeth Taylor, George Segal, Sandy Dennis, and
Richard Burton in the starring roles. This ﬁlm, made in 1966,
provides a large number of scenes of intense interpersonal
interaction. Hence there were plenty of opportunities to observe
exactly where you look when you watch such highly meaningful
interactions. In fact, most people look at the characters’ eyes, often
74

From Klin, A., Jones, W., Schultz, R., Volkmar, F., and Cohen, D. (2002) Quantifying the
social phenotype in autism. American Journal of Psychiatry, 159, 895–908

switching from one to the other. In contrast, people with Asperger
syndrome tended to look at the characters’ mouths rather than
their eyes. Often they looked at places in the picture that did not
contain people at all.
Exciting work is being done on how autistic people respond to the
eye gaze of people, when they deliberately look at objects.
Normally, we expect to ﬁnd an object of interest in the place where
a person looks, especially if that person looks at us ﬁrst, signalling
the intention to communicate something. If there is no object we
feel let down. This effect can clearly be seen in an increase in brain
activation in a region at the side of the brain, around the superior
temporal sulcus. In autism this increase does not happen. This
75

Social communication: the heart of the matter

12. People were shown scenes from a ﬁlm and their eye gaze was
recorded. The darker lines indicate the eye gaze of individuals with
ASD, the lighter lines that of ordinary individuals. The latter tended to
look at the eyes for preference. People with ASD are more likely to look
at the mouth

region of the brain has come up in many neuroimaging studies of
autistic brains as deviant. It is a crucial part of the social brain and
also plays a part in mentalizing. Figure 10 shows where this region
is located. It could well be that the underlying brain areas
associated with a social drive and with mentalizing are
overlapping. Future research will clarify this.

Autism

Problems with the second big idea
It is very likely that there are innate mechanisms in the normally
developing brain that prefer social stimuli to any other stimuli. It
is likely that these are faulty in autism. However, if autistic
children were missing a social drive it should be possible to
demonstrate this pretty soon after birth when this drive can
normally be seen in strength and abundance. Indeed, according to
this big idea, it should be possible to diagnose autism in the ﬁrst
year of life. Yet, as we have seen in Chapter 1, this is difﬁcult to do.
In cases of regression one of the key signs is a loss of social
interest. Remarkably, parents feel strongly that in early infancy
this interest was present.

The third big idea: the human mirror system
The third big idea starts from ground-breaking work with
monkeys done by researchers in Parma. ‘Monkey see monkey do’ is
a popular saying, but who would have thought that it encapsulates
a basic truth about the brain? The researchers in the Parma group
recorded the ﬁring of neurons in a particular brain region. To their
own surprise they discovered that there was activity in the exact
same cell whether the monkey saw that action being performed by
an experimenter, say grasping a peanut, or when he grasped the
peanut himself. These brain cells acted as mirrors.
This was a hugely important ﬁnding since monkey and human
brains are very similar. Even though it is as yet not possible to
record the ﬁring of brain cells directly in humans, we can assume
that there is a mirror system in the human brain.
76

When we observe others performing an action our brain’s mirror
system is automatically active so that we are ready to perform the
action ourselves. This is very useful because it allows us to
understand other people’s actions in a very direct way. When we
perform the action, then the same neurons are active as when we
observe the action in someone else.

But this is not all. The idea of a mirror system goes well beyond
action. It is exciting to think that a similar mechanism is
responsible for understanding the inner intentions and even the
inner feelings of other people. After all, intentions and feelings are
usually accompanied by movements in the face and body. Further,
does a fault in the mirror system of the brain explain lack of
empathy? Empathy is often deﬁned as a way of unconsciously
copying the feelings of another person. Could a fault in this
mechanism explain many of the social difﬁculties in autism? This
is the third big idea.
There is still little evidence for the third big idea and there are
both supporting and negative ﬁndings. Here are the negative
ﬁndings. One prediction is that children with autism would show
less good understanding of other people’s goals and goal-directed
actions. Also their imitation of actions should be poorer. Neither
seems to hold under strict experimental conditions.
Figure 13 illustrates the success of an autistic boy in imitating
precisely what the experimenter does. Her goal is to point to a
particular chip on the table and even rather young children with
autism can understand this automatically. They can imitate the
77

Social communication: the heart of the matter

Therefore the mirror system makes an automatic link between
seeing and doing, and it is a mechanism that enables us to
understand the meaning of the action that another person
performs. In other words, as far as the mirror neurons are
concerned they don’t care whether it is us or another person who
performs an action.

13. Imitation of hand movements. The experimenter pointed to
particular chips on the table with either hand. Children were asked to
copy this. Children with ASD performed exactly the same as typically
developing children. They understood the goal of the experimenter
and pointed to the same chip but using their most convenient hand

Autism

Based on Hamilton, A.F.d.C., Brindley, R.M., Frith, U. (2007) How valid is the mirror
neuron hypothesis for autism? Neuropsychologia, 45, 1859–68

pointing action. Like typically developing children they pay more
attention to the goal than to the hand that the experimenter
used. They tend to use the hand that is nearest to the goal chip,
rather than the other hand, even when the experimenter used it
herself.
It is a relief to know that autistic children can understand goals,
even when they have difﬁculty in understanding the more complex
motivations of people’s behaviour. However, this was an example
of imitation to order, not spontaneous imitation in a typical social
context. In fact, there is something amiss in autistic children’s
ability to imitate. There is also something amiss with their ability
to inhibit imitation. This is seen, for instance, in the tendency to
echo speech, a classic feature of autism. A deeper reason for
abnormalities in imitation could be to do with mindblindness.
Autistic children have difﬁculty understanding the signals that
invite or prohibit imitation in particular communicative
contexts.
78

Emotional resonance
Let’s look at the positive ﬁndings. The broken mirror theory is
particularly attractive when explaining why autism goes together
with poor sharing of affect in social situations. People with autism
apparently show less activity in the mirror system when they
observe other people’s facial expressions and gestures. This
ﬁnding still needs to be replicated in further studies. It would help
us to explain the apparent lack of emotional connectedness in
autism.

There is clearly a difference between the abstract form of empathy,
which Andrew was certainly capable of, and the form of empathy
for the feelings of another person as conveyed in body language,
and felt as if by contagion. The mirror system seems to provide the
mechanism for such a contagion.
One facial movement that is known to be very contagious is
yawning. It is not even a feeling, it is a primitive reﬂex that does
not have to be learned. Japanese researchers showed yawning
faces in still pictures to children with autism and recorded their
tendency to yawn. The results are shown in Figure 14. Autistic
79

Social communication: the heart of the matter

One of the recurrent themes in descriptions of social impairments
is the lack of emotional resonance. We all know of the warm glow
of feeling in synchrony with another person’s feelings. In contrast,
apparent indifference to other people’s feelings is surely one of the
hardest things to bear when you live with an autistic person.
Angela, the wife of Andrew, a man with Asperger syndrome, was
extremely distressed when her father died. Andrew showed no
sympathy and talked loudly and disparagingly about his
father-in-law, saying it was his own fault that he had cancer, since
he smoked. He never comforted Angela but seemed annoyed that
she did not carry on with her usual routine. Ironically, Andrew is
very aware of other people’s suffering in an abstract sense. He
always gives generously to a charity in Africa.

1.5

average no. of yawns

yawn condition
control condition
1.0

0.5

0

TD

ASD
diagnostic groups

14. Left: When we see a Yawning face, we often feel like yawning ourselves. Right: Children with ASD show less
contagious yawning when looking at yawning faces compared to faces simply opening their mouths than typically
developing children (TD)
Adapted from Senju A., Maeda M., Kikuchi Y., Hasegawa T., Tojo and Osanai H. (2007) Absence of contagious yawning in children with autism
spectrum disorder. Biological Letters, 22, 706–8

children showed far less contagion than normally developing
children. This ﬁnding will need to be replicated also with adults.
Similar experiments are now being carried out with emotions.

Problems with the third idea

Language and communication
Is this a separate problem in autism? Or is it part and parcel of the
social impairment? If so, which of the big ideas would deal best
with it?
Imagine the way we interact with a cash machine, and then
imagine how we interact with another person. An autistic person
would not see much difference between the two situations. This
could be due to a lack of social drive, the second big idea.
The ﬁrst big idea makes a different stab at the problem.
Communication is truly reciprocal interaction and this is what
mindblindness tries to explain. Reciprocal interaction is more
than just asking and answering questions. We always probe how
much our conversation partner has understood, how much he or
she has been persuaded by us. We would not do this when faced
with a machine.
81

Social communication: the heart of the matter

The broken mirror theory is still new. It needs to be reﬁned to
explain which social interactions go wrong in autism. Like the
other big ideas, it cannot explain everything about the
impoverished social life that autism entails. However, it offers an
exciting possibility: it could help us to understand why in autism
there is the curious lack of emotional responsiveness. It is possible
that this idea will in the future deﬁne a cognitive phenotype that
can be matched eventually to a genotype. It is possible to imagine
a person exhibiting signs of all three cognitive phenotypes,
mentalizing failure, lack of social drive, and mirror system failure.
It is also possible to imagine individuals at different places on the
autism spectrum, who ﬁt just one of them.

Autism

Mindblindness has dire consequences for ordinary two-way
communication. For example, people with autism don’t see the
point in gossip and banter. We normally love this because it allows
us to do much more than exchange information. In the way we
choose our words, we display our own attitudes to the world.
Moreover we learn about others’ attitudes towards us. They don’t
tell us directly, but the SatNav-like device in our brain has a sense
for it. In contrast, a person with autism is geared only to the
exchange of information itself. So you should not tease them, not
make jokes, and not use irony. Their ﬁrst inclination would be to
take all remarks at face value. Note that with normally developing
children there is no need to tell them not to take things too
literally. They understand this quite by themselves.
It is easy to confuse talking with communicating. When David did
not talk, his parents were desperate for him to speak. They felt
sure the doors to communication would at last be opened when he
began to use words. But, sadly, this did not happen. David now
speaks, but he still does not communicate. The doors to
communication do not have to wait for language to be unlocked. If
they are locked, then language will not be the key. You only wish to
communicate if you are aware that what is in your mind is
interestingly different from what is in the mind of the other
person. This ﬁts with the ﬁrst big idea, mindblindness. But the
other ideas too can explain lack of communication. The second big
idea suggests that communication never gets off the ground due to
a lack of social motivation; the third, that this is due to a lack of
mirroring of another person’s feelings, intentions, and even
actions. Indeed, we communicate not only by talking to each
other, but also by the way we move, our face, our hands, in fact our
whole body. We often give away what we feel with our body
language what we try to conceal with our words.
Thus, all three big ideas have something to contribute to the
explanation of the problems in communication. These are the
problems that are at the heart of autism.
82

There is no blanket social failure
In this chapter we have looked at three different explanations for
the cruel and often devastating social and communication failure
in autism. But it would be a mistake to believe that people with
autism have no social competence at all. In our eagerness to ﬁnd
reasons for the problems, we must not forget the islets of social
ability.

Four-year-old Sebastian was almost totally self-absorbed. And yet,
one day his mother observed that he brought a blanket to cover
her when she was resting on a sofa. Examples of kindness that
transcend the typically strong egocentrism of people with autism
spectrum disorders are not common, but they exist. Likewise,
examples of empathy exist, even though a lack of empathy is
frequently seen as typical of autism. In fact, lack of empathy is
common in people with another disorder, psychopathy.
Psychopathy is an emotional disorder, where moral judgement is
affected. However, unlike people with autism, psychopaths are
excellent mind readers and know just how to deceive and defraud
other people.
Sylvia is quite oblivious of other people—or so it seems. She does
not have much social interest. She also lacks the ability to
mentalize. She pays so little attention to people that it is hard to
say whether she is aware of emotional expressions and whether
she even remembers people’s faces.
83

Social communication: the heart of the matter

Ronald belonged to a club for stick insect enthusiasts. Members
compare notes and pictures of stick insects: there are over 1,560
species in the UK. Every street lamp has its own group of stick
insects. Ronald hoped to ﬁnd a girlfriend through the club. There
was in fact one girl who was a member, but she was not what he
wanted, not being a blonde and not being very pretty. There is
nothing wrong with the ability to judge attractiveness of women in
most autistic men.

Autism

A big surprise came when she took part in an experiment that
investigated knowledge of gender and race stereotypes. She had
excellent knowledge these stereotypes! In fact Sylvia was not the
only one who surprised us with this knowledge. The other autistic
children tested also showed evidence of having the same social
stereotypes as typically developing children. For example, the
experimenter asked the following question about a picture of a boy
and a girl. ‘Here is Jack and here is Mandy. One of these children
has four dolls. Which one has four dolls?’ Sylvia unerringly
pointed to the girl.
Besides gender stereotypes (playing with dolls, cooking, caring for
others, and so on), racial stereotypes were probed also. While
gender stereotypes might conceivably be absorbed by observation,
the racial stereotypes could not have been based on direct
experience. They are untrue! How could black be associated with
being dishonest, dirty, unfriendly and white with being honest,
clean, friendly? Sylvia pointed to the picture of a brown coloured
person when the experimenter asked: ‘Which person has stolen a
wallet?’ and to the pink coloured person when the experimenter
asked: ‘Which person has many friends?’ Just the same as the
other children, whether autistic or not. How did she acquire these
stereotypes? Presumably by absorbing implicit cultural attitudes.
This means she is not impervious to these attitudes, and this raises
the possibility that unexpected types of social learning might be
possible for children with autism that have not yet been exploited.
These few examples show that our social world is not completely
closed to individuals with autism. What other pockets of our social
world are open to autistic people? There might be more surprising
answers in future research.

84

Chapter 6
Seeing the world differently

The savant mystery
Perhaps the most awe-inspiring fact about autism, the fact that all
the ﬁctional accounts of autism celebrate, are the savant talents.
These talents can ﬂourish even in people who have no language
and are severely intellectually impaired. The term comes from
idiots savants, literally ‘the foolish wise ones’, and reminds us that
originally the talents were noticed in people with very low
intellectual abilities and presumably very abnormal brains. Later
the term ‘savant’ came to be used for individuals who, whatever
their intellectual ability, have uncommon and unusual talents. The
talents are acquired spontaneously and often discovered only
accidentally. Kim Peek is able to memorize whole books by just
reading them. No one had ever taught him this. I knew a boy who
could look at a page of numbers of increasing size and pick out the
prime numbers with lightning speed. Other astonishing examples
are musical and artistic productions.
Figure 15 shows an example by a deservedly famous savant artist.
Stephen Wiltshire has been ﬁlmed while drawing the cityscape of
Rome, which he saw from a helicopter. You can see this ﬁlm on the
web. Stephen memorized everything he saw in the 45-minute ride
and needed three days to draw the full panorama. He drew ﬁrst
not a grand outline of the map and the main features, but he
85

15. Stephen Wiltshire produced this London cityscape purely from memory. Stephen’s drawings are
highly accurate, but they are also creative and original

started with the detail of St Peter’s basilica, in the middle of his
drawing. He then proceeded to ﬁll the surface to the right, and
then the surface to the left, all in meticulous detail. In this way he
created a very accurate picture, as faithfully stored in his memory.
How can this extraordinary phenomenon be explained?

Unexpected strengths

In my mind the result of this simple experiment ﬁtted together
with results of other experiments. In these experiments autistic
children had to listen to words, either jumbled up in a meaningless
way, or presented as a proper sentence, and then immediately
recall them. Most children remembered more when they were
presented as a sentence, and could manage even when the sentence
was quite long. Not so autistic children. Instead, some of them
remembered long random strings of words astonishingly well.
Yet other experiments showed that autistic children were
incredibly good at ﬁnding hidden shapes embedded in larger
meaningful pictures. Some of them love the ‘Where is Wally’ books
87

Seeing the world differently

Not every autistic child has outstanding talents. However, most
have unexpected abilities. I recently found a message by a
46-year-old woman posted on a website for people with ASD: ‘I
never knew that jigsaw puzzles were supposed to be done using
the picture rather than the shapes.’ This chimed in with one of the
earliest observations I made when studying children with autism:
Some of them were able to complete a jigsaw puzzle upside down,
without the aid of the picture. This led to one of the ﬁrst
experiments I did. I invited children to do a puzzle with a simple
colour picture. Sometimes, the pieces were straight; sometimes
they had jagged edges. The autistic children I tested were
delighted to ﬁt the jagged pieces together and didn’t care about the
picture. The non-autistic children were interested in making up
the picture and were pleased when they could use the pieces with
straight cut edges and did not have to ﬁddle with the tricky edges.

Autism

and can do better than their siblings. There are plenty of results to
show that autistic children perform exceedingly well on some and
poorly on other tasks. Here it should be possible to ﬁnd a clue to
their strange intelligence, an intelligence that could appear very
high and very low at the same time.
One idea was that autistic children cared for the possibly
meaningless elements of a sentence or a picture, but not for the
meaning of the whole sentence or the whole picture. If so, this was
a completely different way of processing information. Could this
processing style also lead to a different kind of intelligence? Could
it explain special talents? These questions led to the theory of
weak central coherence, the fourth big idea. What this theory tries
to explain is illustrated in Figure 16, on the one hand, and by an
example from Mark Haddon’s book (p. 7), on the other. Here
Christopher is clearly not as impressed or frightened by the police
turning up as he should be, especially as they are going to take him
to the police station. Instead, he notes some minute details about
their appearance.

Then the police arrived. I like the police. They have uniforms
and numbers and you know what they are meant to be doing.
There was a policewoman and a policeman. The policewoman
had a little hole in her tights on her left ankle and a red
scratch in the middle of the hole. The policeman had a big
orange leaf stuck to the bottom of his shoe which was poking
out from one side.

Narrow interests and restricted behaviour
Different people with autistic disorder have written about their
liking for detail and their ability to focus on detail. A focused
interest in detail can appear narrow to others and narrow interests
are a key feature for the diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder
and particularly Asperger syndrome.
88

16. When the boy looks at the toy car he sees details that would
normally escape us. It is as if these details have precedence over the
whole object. Thus, the boy does not play with the car as a car, but is
more interested in its parts, especially those that he can ﬂick, turn, and
rotate

Charles, who has Asperger syndrome, wrote in an email: ‘I have
unusually strong, narrow interests. This is the feature that most
strongly and obviously applies to me. Between the ages of 11 and
18 I had an interest in maths that was extremely strong indeed.
From 41/2 to about 13 I was very interested in Rupert Bear. From
about 7 to 13 I was very interested in astronomy. In the last few
years I have been very interested in learning foreign languages.’
Charles is unusually gifted. Characteristically, he describes
interests that are not linked with each other. They have abrupt
starts and stops, but apparently last a very long time.

Autism

Weak central coherence
Why is it called weak central coherence? It is a reference to the
normally strong drive for meaning. With strong central coherence
there is a pre-set preference towards perceiving wholes rather
than parts. We perceive a drawing of an object and not a jumble of
lines; we hear a sentence and not a jumble of words. The whole is
often referred to as a Gestalt, a German term for overall form. It is
used by psychologists to explain why we are normally geared to
perceiving global wholes rather than local parts. However, it is
only possible to show this preference when there is too much
information and you can’t do both at the same time.
Context is another way of describing the whole or Gestalt and its
relationship to the parts. The context gives meaning to the parts. A
single note of music may sound very loud when preceded by a very
softly played part. The same note may sound very soft, when
preceded by a loudly played part. The same is true for the pitch of
tones. Absolute pitch is the ability to hear a tone exactly as it is,
regardless of its context. Amazingly, about 30 per cent of
individuals with autism, not trained in music, have this ability.
Weak central coherence (WCC) is a way of saying that context
does not exert much force. The bits and pieces set inside a
particular context are seen as what they are—the same—even if
90

they look quite different in another context. With strong central
coherence, the meaning of an element can be altered so much that
it sometimes cannot be recognized as the same piece in another
context. The illusion, shown in Figure 17, is a good example. Here
the circle in the middle looks either big or small according to the
context of the surrounding circles. Actually it is exactly the same
size. If you see it as the same size, you would have demonstrated
weak central coherence. You are less taken in by the illusion!
Obviously, not being inﬂuenced by overall context can be a great
strength. Sometimes, the word weak in WCC is misunderstood as
meaning ‘poor’. In fact most of the tests of WCC are geared to
show good or superior performance.

Another task from Francesca Happé’s lab is as follows. Complete
the sentence: You can go hunting with a knife and . . .
If you say ‘fork’, you have given an example of weak central
coherence, in this case an association of local elements. Knife and
fork go together. At the same time you have ignored the overall
meaning of the sentence. If you said something like ‘catch a bear’,
you showed evidence of strong central coherence. Another
example is: ‘the sea tastes of salt and . . . ’
Did you say ‘pepper’? Again this is an example of weak central
coherence. If you said something like ‘ﬁsh’, then you have taken the
whole sentence meaning into account and this is a sign of strong
central coherence.
91

Seeing the world differently

Figure 17 also shows other visual tests, on which autistic
individuals perform well. What they have in common is that they
favour a strategy that automatically focuses on detail. This is the
way Francesca Happé refers to it. She has done a great deal of
theoretical and experimental work on this idea. For instance, she
showed that this information-processing style is also typical of a
proportion of the normal population, and around half of fathers
and a third of mothers of autistic children.

(A) Block-design

(D) Ebbinghaus illusion

(B) Finding embedded-figure

(E) Feature-search

(C) Copying impossible-figure

(F) Conjunction-search

(G) Orientation

17. Tasks on which superior perfomance is often found in individuals with ASD. From Dakin,
S. & Frith, U. (2005) Vagaries of visual perception in autism. Neuron, 48, 497–507

According to WCC, the fourth big idea, autistic people perceive the
world differently. A detail-focused processing style not only
applies to vision. It also applies to hearing and to language. What
about other senses—touch, for example? Here an intriguing
phenomenon is that many people with autism are reported to be
hypersensitive to touch. Possibly, having hyper-acute touch might
be a bit like having absolute pitch.

Weak central coherence theory tries something very daring. It
tries to make sense out of a number of quite disparate aspects of
autistic intelligence. It tries to account both for special talents but
also for certain cognitive weaknesses. Maybe because it tries to do
this all at once, it does not succeed as well as the ﬁrst three big
ideas we looked at, which only addressed weaknesses.
It is possible that systematic studies of attention will clarify the
phenomena addressed by the weak central coherence idea.
Attention to details and wholes may be quite different in nature.
What happens to attention when it switches from focusing on a
small element to focusing on the large whole? And vice versa?
Studies suggest that autistic individuals are generally more ready
to zoom in on the small element, but less able to zoom out to
attend to the large whole.
93

Seeing the world differently

Can weak central coherence explain savant skills? Up to a point.
The ability to remember materials verbatim without
understanding the content is a chief example of this style of
processing information. Clearly other factors must play a role as
well—practice, for instance. Repeated practice, even obsessive
practice, would not be a chore for an individual who has a
restricted repertoire of interests and activities. The avoidance of
novelty that can be seen as typical of autism also facilitates
practice. When David started to be fascinated with print, he read
the Cat in the Hat hundreds of times. He knew it by heart, but he
still reread every page of it. His ability to read words far
outstripped his ability to understand them.

Problems with the idea

Autism

Researchers have tried a number of tasks that apparently show
that autistic people have no difﬁculty with perceiving a Gestalt.
Instead there is an enhancement of the facility with which details
are processed. In contrast to weak central coherence, this theory is
called enhanced perceptual facilitation theory. It proposes that
there is a superiority of detail processing in its own right, not
simply a result of an inferiority of Gestalt processing. Systemizing
is another idea that emphasizes that autistic people do not just see
little details but love systems. It is this love of systems that may
explain savant skills such as calendar calculation.
Another criticism is that a detail-focused processing style
seems to apply only to some but not all individuals with autistic
disorder. As we have seen with the other big ideas, this criticism
is not necessarily fatal: none of them are likely to apply to all
cases of autism spectrum disorder. There are bound to be
subgroups.

Trouble at the top
It is time to turn to the last of the ﬁve big ideas, the idea of a fault
in the executive system of the brain. If control is absent, then you
get behaviour that is out of bounds. You get stuck and it is hard to
get out of this. Further, you are captured by incidentals. You act on
impulse, rather than showing foresight and planning. You don’t
stop and think, to ﬁnd a novel solution when normal routines fail.
On the other hand you lack inhibition, and show behaviour that is
not socially acceptable. Clearly, if the executive system fails then
you have problems in controlling other brain systems. This idea
tries to explain the many problems that people with autism have
in managing the stresses of our complex everyday life. One might
have thought that such problems will only be found in
low-functioning cases. But no, they are pernicious in the way they
blight the lives of both low- and high-functioning people.
94

Gary, who was desperate to have a girlfriend, was unable to stop
himself from obsessively following an attractive woman. He was
told it was wrong. The woman complained to the police. He was
severely reprimanded and yet his family could not trust him not to
do it again. They have to closely monitor his activities. Why can he
not inhibit his perfectly normal impulse?
Neuropsychologists are familiar with this sort of problem from
patients with damage to the frontal lobes of the brain. Patients
with frontal lobe damage are very puzzling. On ordinary IQ tests
they score perfectly well, but in everyday life they make poor
decisions, don’t make proper plans, and generally show that they
are not able to use their intelligence to adapt to their
circumstances.

Getting stuck
You cannot read a better account of this problem than the one
Michael Blastland has given of his son Joe. During a long phase
he would only eat one particular brand of Ricotta and Spinach
pasta. He refused other food, even when he was hungry. He
was so desperate about this one and only food that he could
sometimes not wait for it to get cooked. Blastland also tells of
Joe’s insistence on watching videos over and over again. The
harrowing part of this story is that Joe behaved in many ways like
an addict. He craved the videos. He was inconsolable when he did
not get them. And yet, when he watched them, they did not
make him happy. Joe’s parents were at a loss as to how to deal
with these cravings and the strong dislike of anything new.
Fortunately, as Joe grew up, and went to a special school, these
95

Seeing the world differently

The role of the frontal lobes of the brain is to make high-level
executive decisions. These decisions are necessary whenever
routine actions are not appropriate or have to be interrupted and
overridden. Here are some of the typical problems in everyday life
that are all to do with trouble in this high-level control system.

problems lessened. Joe eventually learned to eat other foods and
learned to enjoy a whole variety of activities.

Captured by incidentals
‘Whenever Bob was passing a house or other building and saw an
open door, he would walk through it to investigate. Needless to
say, this behaviour often led to unpleasant confrontations, but
apparently he was surprised every time and never learnt not to do
it.’ This is an example of what is often called stimulus-driven
behaviour. Yet, much of our everyday perfectly normal behaviour
is stimulus driven. The difference from autism is that we can keep
this behaviour under control. For a person with autism it is a huge
effort to inhibit certain actions when they are triggered
accidentally by something that has triggered them before.

Autism

Lack of inhibition
Matthew’s mother told me that she had a huge battle with him
every day to get rid of rubbish. Matthew would not agree to throw
anything away, not even envelopes or wrapping paper, let alone
newspapers and plastic bags. This sort of problem is also
sometimes seen with patients where strokes have caused lesions in
the middle of the front of the brain. These patients start collecting
useless things after the accident that caused their lesion. This does
not mean that these particular areas of the brain are the basis of
collecting behaviour. Rather, they are the basis of inhibiting
collecting behaviour, and these patients have problems in
inhibition. In the brain of rats, and presumably humans as well,
there are regions deep in the brain, so-called subcortical regions,
which are responsible for the drive to acquire and collect. This
drive is normally controlled and kept within reasonable bounds.
But this requires intact frontal lobes.

Disaster zones
Ken is stressed out when he has to do his shopping. Even though
he has made a list, so as not to be tempted to buy unnecessary
96

items, things can still go wrong. One day his brand of muesli was
not on the usual shelf. Panic. Ken had no idea that it would have
been perfectly alright to ask an assistant if there was some more
coming in, or whether it had been put on another shelf. He had
been told not to bother the assistants with questions on previous
occasions. So he went home in deep frustration. This relatively
mild example may give some idea how many everyday life events
that demand ﬂexibility can become major stress points. It is a
peculiar lack of mental ﬂexibility which makes their lives difﬁcult,
even in people who are otherwise very able.
Because the frontal lobes are so large and because their function is
a supervisory one, the effects of damage to the frontal lobes are at
once subtle and far-reaching. Impairments are found when the
patients have to act spontaneously, or in a novel or unstructured
situation. This is also the case for Ken. He cannot cope when his
97

Seeing the world differently

18. In a supermarket executive functions are challenged by having to
plan to be within a budget; to resist impulse buying; to inhibit
responses to special offers; to substitute alternatives for unavailable
items. Individuals with autism ﬁnd this situation very stressful, but
they can follow a set routine

familiar routines are broken. He has been known to become
violent in such situations.
Despite plentiful indicators of problems linked to poor frontal lobe
function, and despite the close similarity in behaviour with frontal
lobe lesion patients, no holes in the frontal lobes have ever been
found in autism. There are no visible anatomical abnormalities.
But the poor functioning of the frontal lobes could be due to a
fault elsewhere, or a fault in connectivity with other brain regions.
Investigations are in progress to ﬁnd out just how the frontal lobes
in autism are working during different tasks, when looked at in
the scanner. One thing is clear already: they are not functioning as
they should, even though they look healthy enough. They seem to
be organized differently.

Autism

Problems with the idea
The idea of poor executive function is widely accepted. Further,
the difﬁculties in everyday life are widely acknowledged to be
present in most individuals with autism. But there is a major
problem. The idea is so broad that it might apply to almost all
neurodevelopmental disorders, not just autism.

A link between the ﬁve big ideas: a
mismatch between top-down and
bottom-up processes
This section is about ideas that are still only half-baked. So you
need to decide whether you would like to roll up your sleeves and
join me in the bakery or whether you’d rather skip to the next
chapter.
Top-down and bottom-up. I like these terms and use them a lot. I
think they capture something very important about how the
mind/brain functions. Both these processes are necessary to
perceive the world around us and above all to make sense of our
98

perception. Here is a very simpliﬁed version of what might be
happening:

When I presented this idea at a conference, a man with Asperger
syndrome came up and said he would write to me. His message
was: ‘Experience has told me that I should never try to understand
anything. It works for neurotypicals, but you need top-down
thinking to make it work. Analysis and calculation works better
for us.’ He had after all understood me: he likened top-down
control to understanding and bottom-up delivery to analysis and
calculation.
What is so important about the top-down system? There is now
much evidence from the neuroscience of perception that the brain
works by top-down modulation on information that enters the
brain bottom-up. Not all information that enters the brain is of
equal value. The top-down control system has to sort the good
from the bad. It has to convey this to the delivery system. It sends
signals that result in useful information being enhanced, and
useless information being suppressed. One of the ways by which
the top-down system controls the delivery system is through its
prior expectations. These are strongly shaped by culture and our

99

Seeing the world differently

Let’s imagine the brain is divided into two systems. One system is
geared to delivering the goods gathered from the outside world,
and the other system is geared to controlling what to do next.
Roughly speaking, the back of the brain is taken up by delivery
processes, while the controlling system is in the front. The delivery
system works bottom-up, the control system top-down. Both do a
job but they must work together. Now, let’s assume that in autism
they do not. The proposal is that the bottom-up system is working
very well, allowing superior delivery of information and superior
performance on any tasks that do not involve the control system
but the control system is not working well. This could be true for
all of the ﬁve big ideas.

social relationships to other people. This brings in the ﬁrst three
big ideas.

The cook and the diner

Autism

Imagine a very choosy diner seated upstairs in the dining room,
and an extremely busy cook who is doing a lot of work in the
kitchen downstairs. Much of the food that the cook offers up is
refused, and only choice morsels are deemed worthy of ingestion.
The diner has certain preferences and naturally wishes to
inﬂuence the cook to use only his favourite ingredients. He lets it
be known that he is always happy to eat fresh white asparagus of
the best quality. The cook, on the other hand, needs to work with
the ingredients the market provides.
How does the diner communicate with the cook? By a waiter, of
course. The waiter has a hard job. He has to convey to the cook the
diner’s extravagant orders. He also has to convey to the diner
something of the reality of what is going on in the kitchen. The
waiter tries to make the diner and the cook work together. He
hopes that at least sometimes the diner’s preferences will match
the cook’s speciality of the day.
The waiter has to juggle with two kinds of attention, one that is
typical of the cook and one that is typical of the diner. The cook’s
attention arises entirely from the goods that he secures on the
market. For instance, when he goes to market he will be
irresistibly attracted by baskets of juicy strawberries. They will
grab his attention no matter what. However, there are always
many tempting ingredients that capture the cook’s fancy. They are
then automatically prepared the way they should be: chopped,
diced, peeled, steamed, baked, boiled, or fried.
The diner’s attention on the other hand, arises from the inside. He
never goes to market, but he uses his memory and knowledge he
gets from other diners to demand special and often novel food.
100

Here is an example. Another diner phones our diner and entices
him to order duck eggs that are all the rage. The waiter has to
spring into action and tell the cook. When the diner wants a duck
egg omelette, the cook must stop using chicken eggs and spy out
duck eggs.
Sometimes both are working really well together. When the cook
delivers the desired omelette, the diner’s enjoyment is great.
Sometimes top-down attention can be in competition with
bottom-up attention. The diner shouts for asparagus while the
cook is preoccupied with quelling a kitchen ﬁre. In this case the
diner will not get what he desires. However, he may now order a
more efﬁcient ﬁre extinguisher.

Top-down modulation
What happens in the brain during top-down control of visual
perception? A brain-imaging experiment gives some clues. In this
experiment people were told in advance where to direct their
attention on a screen. On the screen pairs of pictures ﬂashed up
for a split second. Importantly, the subjects could only just see
them and only when they were told in advance where to look. Now
the pictures were either faces or houses. This was a clever choice
because the brain regions that are active when watching houses
and faces are in different places. This is known from other
experiments. In this experiment, when houses or faces were
101

Seeing the world differently

This parable is meant to illustrate the interplay between the
brain’s control and delivery systems. Neither is more important
than the other. As the last example showed, the controlling system
cannot override the emergency in the delivery system. However, it
can take action to prevent a recurrence of the emergency. My
proposal is that in autism the interplay between these two brain
systems does not function well. Is this the fault of an indifferent
diner, an overzealous cook, or a confused waiter? It could be any
one, but personally, I tend to blame the diner.

shown, these brain regions were indeed active too. What is more,
they were more active when attention had been directed—by the
experimenter’s instruction—to the location where they appeared
moments later. In other words, top-down attention enhances
brain activity. Autistic people were scanned with exactly the same
task. They showed much less enhanced activation. This is direct
evidence for a lack of top-down modulation at the level of the
brain in autism.
The person who has difﬁculty modulating attention is prone to
being grabbed by external stimuli. At the same time they ﬁnd it
difﬁcult to tear their attention away again. Perhaps this is why Joe
eats the same food all the time; why Edward’s interests are narrow
and restricted; and why David has a superb but literal memory.

Autism

The absent diner
This is a rather risky idea—and I only include it because I am
hoping to ﬁnd an answer for the question: What is the top in
top-down? My short answer at the moment is that the top in
top-down is the Self. This Self is in fact the diner I have conjured
up previously. The diner has certain preferences and expectations
and constantly inﬂuences what is served up to him from the
kitchen. So the Self has preferences and inﬂuences how the brain
processes information. The diner selects what food he wishes to
try. The Self decides what is of interest and what is not. An absent
Self is one way to characterize the mismatch between bottom-up
and top-down processing.
If there was an absent diner, then one would expect that the cook,
unhampered by quirky demands from the top, would be able to
produce the most gorgeous meals entirely from the ingredients to
hand, and entirely doing what he is best at, by using his special
skills of chopping, dicing, mashing, steaming, baking, frying. This
would be one way to understand savant skills.

102

But isn’t there a problem? What about Joe’s insistence on eating
exactly the same food? Does this not suggest a very strong Self?
Or, in the metaphor, a diner with strongly set prior expectations? I
don’t think so. After all as described by Michael Blastland, there
was no reasoning with Joe about this expectation. The response
was impenetrably rigid. To me this suggests simple association
learning or instrumental conditioning. Here the top of the
command chain is an isolated but engrained response to a
stimulus that has been rewarding in the past. This is the cook
going it alone, doing the thing he is good at. But to no purpose
because there is no diner at the top.

Some preliminary conclusions
In this chapter the non-social features of autism were in the
spotlight. These include both strengths and weaknesses. The
fourth idea, called weak central coherence, allowed us to celebrate
the strengths of autistic people and give credit to their special
talents. The ﬁfth idea, often referred to as executive dysfunction, is
concerned with their countless difﬁculties in managing everyday
life.
I have contrasted strengths in one system of the brain—to do with
delivery of information, with weaknesses in another system—to do
with control of information. The evidence suggests that there is a
weakness in the control system of the brain, but strength in the
delivery system.
103

Seeing the world differently

Here we need to recall another feature of the diner, his social
interest and capacity to communicate with other diners. He does
not merely make a wilful decision of what he wants to eat, but he
is inﬂuenced by what other diners are eating, indeed by what is
currently fashionable. We could imagine not so much an absent
diner but a diner who doesn’t communicate with other diners.

In the last part of this chapter, I have tried to speculate about a
mismatch between top-down and bottom-up processes. But many
questions remain open. Why are autistic people different in just
the way they are? Why don’t they share the social and physical
world of other people? I have put the blame on the top-down
controlling system of the brain, and have put the blame on an
absent Self, or at least a Self that lacks normal interaction with
other social beings.

Autism

Will there eventually be a satisfying formulation of the idea to
explain the speciﬁcally autistic tendencies of getting stuck and
lacking ﬂexibility? Perhaps. Can the notion of the absent Self
capture the autism-characteristic mismatch between top-down
control and bottom-up delivery? Just possibly.

104

Chapter 7
From theory to practice

A trick with three boxes
In her exploration of autism, Diane surveyed many facts, saw
many faces of autism, and learned about psychological
experiments that have tried to penetrate deeply into the mind of
the person with autism. What does it all add up to? Is there a
grand uniﬁed theory? Unfortunately not. Autistic disorders are far
too heterogeneous and too complex for a single satisfying account.
Nevertheless, Diane wanted to have a picture to give shape to what
she has learned. She was still fascinated and now contemplated
whether she should start doing some research on autism herself.
With her background in natural sciences she is well equipped to
pick up the necessary techniques of neuroscience. Putting together
what she now knows seems a good idea. She could then see what is
missing and what work needs to be done to obtain a more
complete account of autism in the future.
Here is a little help. First, Diane has to tidy up the many different
bits of knowledge that she has. This tidying is helped enormously
by a simple trick: put different bits of knowledge into three
different boxes. Let’s call them biology, mind, behaviour. Each box
is for a particular type of knowledge: in the biology box is
knowledge gathered so far about the brain and genes; in the mind
105

box are insights gained from experimental studies about the mind;
and in the behaviour box are well-established facts about
behaviour. In each box she can put lists with things she knows.

Autism

The remarkable thing that comes out of this tidying operation is
that the mind box is the essential link between the other two. In
the box for behaviour Diane has a list of the signs and symptoms
of autism in their various and changing forms. Chapters 1 and 2
contain a lot of these facts. In the box for biology, she has a list of
facts, some of which are presented in Chapters 3 and 4.
The mind box is ﬁlled with ideas that have been discussed in the
last two chapters. Here we put ideas rather than facts and that is
alright. The ideas are all testable and they are not taken out of the
blue. They are my personal best bets for standing the test of time,
and they are all backed by sound experimental studies. There are
strong hints to the neural underpinnings of these features—but
only hints. Diane is itching to do some of this work herself.

What we ﬁnd in the biology box
For the causes of autism Diane has made a long list of factors:
developmental instability, genetic predispositions, mutations,
environmental risk factors, chance and accidents. These different
possibilities are not exclusive and not necessarily separate from
each other. Instead they may combine to lead to the large variety
of disorders on the autism spectrum. As yet it seems difﬁcult to
sort out different causes at the genetic level. Different causes may
affect a ﬁnal common pathway, which causes similar brain-mind
abnormalities and similar signs and symptoms.
Very little is as yet known about the brain in autism. Children with
autism have larger brains; not at birth, but a rapid increase can be
observed after the ﬁrst year of life, followed by a levelling off at
around eight years or so. This fact could be related to waxing and
waning of neural connections: a massive proliferation of neural
106

connections followed by savage pruning. A disturbance in these
highly complex and dynamic processes might be the ﬁnal common
pathway of many different causes.

What we ﬁnd in the behaviour box

What we ﬁnd in the mind box
Obviously the ﬁve big ideas go into the mind box. These ideas can
pull together bits and pieces lodged in the behavioural box that at
ﬁrst seemed unrelated. Diane knows straightaway that there would
be more such ideas if she searched further. But ﬁve is a good start.
The mind box would be useful as a temporary dumping ground
for all the ideas and theories she would hear about autism in
the future, and would invent herself. Importantly, there has to be
some vetting and a need for strict testing once they are admitted.
The plausible idea of a lack of social drive, the strange idea
of mentalizing, and the novel idea of the broken mirror all make
sense of different aspects of the hallmark of autism: the lack of
reciprocal social interaction. The theory of weak central coherence
tries to explain savant skills and the different way of seeing
107

From theory to practice

Diane recalls that autism is currently identiﬁed by behaviour. Here
she lists the core features of autism and also other features that are
common, such as hypersensitivity and echoing of speech.
Behavioural features are problematic because they change with
age, with ability, with many factors causing differences that are not
part of the underlying condition. There are no unique sets of
behaviours, which will unequivocally identify autism. Two
children whose autism is caused by the same biological factor may
nevertheless appear different from each other. Each individual will
show a different pattern of behaviour. It all depends on many
factors, their own inner resources, their education, and the
support they get from the outside. It is satisfying to know that a
supportive educational environment can have a massive inﬂuence.
It can even mask existing problems. How exactly do these
inﬂuences operate? We still don’t know.

the world in general. The theory of poor executive function tries
to explain all the daily difﬁculties in autism. All in all, the ﬁve big
ideas together make sense of many of the puzzling phenomena that
are thrown up by autism. Furthermore, they provide clues about
the underlying neural mechanisms that might have gone wrong.

Autism

How the boxes might ﬁt together
It is frustrating that there is no answer yet to what causes autism.
There are many different risk factors, genetic and environmental.
The effect of these causes is on the mind as much as it is on the
brain. There might be a common pathway in the brain/mind that
is ultimately affected. This would mean something quite
important. Even if autism is extremely variable as far as its causes
and as far as the resulting behaviour patterns are concerned, there
is some common denominator. This is a cognitive phenotype.
Perhaps there are more than one common pathway and more than
one cognitive phenotype. This would be the case if distinct
subgroups on the autism spectrum could be identiﬁed.
What if each of the ﬁve big ideas deﬁned a cognitive phenotype?
Basically you can think of a cognitive phenotype as encapsulating
one of the big ideas. Perhaps this division would make the search
for the causes of autism simpler. Could there be ﬁve types of
autism? Possibly. But there is another possibility. The faults
suggested by the ﬁve big ideas could be all mixed together like
ingredients in a cake. The ingredients might be added in different
quantities, and some might be optional. It is possible to imagine
that different mixes would represent different points on the
autism spectrum.
Let’s take the example of mentalizing again. Could a mentalizing
fault deﬁne a subgroup of the autism spectrum? What types of
autistic behaviour would this explain? It could explain the core
feature of an inability to engage in truly reciprocal social
interaction and communication. This encompasses a big range of
behaviours, which we have touched on in earlier chapters. It would
108

ﬁt each of our three example cases, even though David, Gary, and
Edward are at very different points of the autism spectrum.
How would you identify a mentalizing fault in each case when
their abilities are so varied, when the education and support they
received is so vastly different? You would need a large battery of
tests. And this does not exist yet. These tests have to give a choice
of the right level of difﬁculty; they have to be reliable and they
have to be ultimately linked with real-life behaviour. In principle,
individual cases could be assessed using brain imaging. Given that
the brain’s mentalizing system has been isolated, abnormal
function should be visible in this system. Existing results suggest
that there should be weaker connections between the components
of the system.

For Diane the boxes are beginning to ﬁt together. Misconnections
might be the reason that there is a lack of mentalizing, a lack of
109

From theory to practice

Let’s take another example. Do David, Gary, and Edward show a
cognitive phenotype of weak central coherence? This phenotype
represents individuals who by preference will focus attention on
details and cannot easily be distracted away. A battery of tests is
again needed—tests of the right difﬁculty level, reliability, and
validity. These would probably include tests of attention and tests
of intelligence. One of the aims of the weak central coherence idea
is after all to explain an uneven pattern of intelligence. We might
suspect that Gary would not have this phenotype—he did not have
outstanding abilities or narrow interests—but David probably
would. He excelled at jigsaw puzzles, for instance. In Edward’s
case we might also ﬁnd a big difference between his best and worst
performance. Tests of signature brain activation patterns are still
in the future. One might expect that they would show
misconnections. This might mean too few connections between
distant brain regions and too many between nearby regions. A
trafﬁc analogy comes to mind: no big highways, but a multitude of
small local roads.

social drive, a broken mirror system, weak central coherence, and
trouble with top-down control.

Connections and misconnections in the brain

Autism

Let’s assume that in the autistic brain the wires are crossed,
literally. For instance, normally, when people read minds, parts of
the brain immediately get active and work in synchrony. In autism
it looks as if this is not the case. Perhaps the connections between
the mind-reading parts of the brain are weak precisely because
there are too few of the big highway connections between these
relatively distant regions, some of which are in the middle of the
brain, some on the sides, and some in the back.
Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder, which appears to be due
to a disorganization of brain development. This now makes sense
to Diane. But she needs another step in the argument. The
disorganization might be due to lack of pruning of particular
neural connections. She has to address one other issue: Why is
autism apparent only from the second year of life? She asks what
kinds of brain connections proliferate in the second year of life. I
can only give a guess, but it could plausibly be the connections in
the controlling system. From work on the visual part of the brain
in animals we know that the bottom-up connections of the
delivery system of the brain are ready and waiting well before the
top-down connections of the controlling system are mature.
Let’s assume it is the top-down connections that ﬁrst proliferate
and then have to be pruned. It could be that in autism precisely
these connections are not cut back as quickly as they should be. If
so, this would explain three things in one fell swoop: the excellent
perceptual abilities of a great delivery system; the limited
modulation abilities of a stalled control system, and the start of
autistic symptoms in the second year. Just possibly it would also
explain the bulge in brain size in autism after the ﬁrst year of life.
110

Diane decides that a good research project would be to try and
engineer a misconnected brain, for example in a mouse. How
would it function? How would she test the mouse? It should have
an uneven pattern of abilities. It should be able to do some tasks
well, others not so well, especially tasks that need top-down
control, and those that need a reﬁned social sense.

Tensions in the concept of the autism spectrum
In the course of writing this book I have been acutely aware of a
tension in using examples sometimes of severe and classic cases of
autism and sometimes very high-functioning cases and Asperger
syndrome. There is also a gulf between the examples taken from
cases of children and of adults. The anecdotes about what it feels
like to be autistic all come from high-functioning adults. There is a
danger therefore that the view of autism spectrum disorders is
heavily weighted towards this part of the spectrum. It is not
necessarily correct to call it the mild part, because these people
have disabilities. They are sometimes rather thinly covered up by
compensatory efforts. On the other hand, their autistic features
are mild compared to the classic cases.
111

From theory to practice

I am delighted that Diane has decided to tackle this problem.
With the right sorts of task it should be possible to show that
there are systems in the brain that normally work together, but
are more weakly connected in the autistic brain. I believe that in
the end something has to be identiﬁed as the top in top-down, and
this is what has to take the responsibility for the control. I myself
have wondered whether this is a form of the Self. Is this Self
absent in autism? Does this reveal a deeper meaning of the word
for autism, which is after all derived from the Greek word for Self,
autos? I cannot give an answer. However, I am looking forward
with hope and fascination to the next wave of experimental
investigations.

Autism

In the research I have reported, experiments often rely on
participants with normal or high intelligence because the
techniques and tasks are very demanding. These have revealed
fascinating results and I make no apology for drawing on them
extensively. When I remember classic cases that I know, then it
seems to me that all the ﬁve big ideas are relevant to explain their
behaviour, and they seem to apply simultaneously. This is not the
case when I survey the high-functioning cases. Here I have the
feeling that in individual cases some but not necessarily all of the
big ideas are needed to explain their difﬁculties.
All this makes me think that it would be a good idea in future
research to ask separate questions about severe autism, usually
accompanied by intellectual impairment and milder forms of
autism usually without intellectual impairment. It may not be
possible to generalize research ﬁndings from one group to the
other. The following section addresses some of the more practical
questions about autism, and here it is obvious that it is necessary
to treat these subgroups separately. Let’s start with the highly
intelligent.
Throughout this book we have had numerous occasions to look at
examples of exceptional people, who have an autistic condition
and who can tell us about their experiences. Temple Grandin is
such a person. She has achieved accolades as a writer, presenter,
and a researcher of animal behaviour. Temple Grandin’s website
illustrates her many astonishing talents. She can articulate what it
means to have high-functioning autism and she highlights certain
advantages of the thinking style, which in her own case, she
describes as visual thinking. She is content to be on her own and
demonstrates that it is possible to live a fulﬁlled life without the
ability to engage in reciprocal communication. Nor is Temple
Grandin the only person with autism who has written about her
life, her interests, and inner experience. There are many books
now by highly talented writers who reveal from a ﬁrst-person
point of view what it is like to have autism.
112

If you met someone like Temple Grandin
This would be a little bit like meeting a pop star. It is more likely
that you would run into someone like Edward, whose case we have
looked at repeatedly. You may not immediately notice that Edward
is ‘different’. Nevertheless, for Edward to look and act normal is a
tremendous effort. It may surprise you that he is very anxious,
even panic stricken while you merely chat inconsequentially. In
Edward’s mind, anything might happen. You might suddenly turn
hostile; you may suddenly make an unreasonable demand. One
can make allowances for this by listening patiently and making
reassuring remarks. As a rule it pays to be direct and ﬁrm. Edward
would probably not take polite hints from you as signals to stop
talking about bird’s eggs. With luck, Edward will ﬁnd a job in
academia. He may even make a great discovery in a ﬁeld of
mathematics.
113

From theory to practice

19. Temple Grandin is a spokesperson for able people with autism. She
has written books on what it is like to be autistic. She designs livestock
equipment and has a special afﬁnity for animals. She wrote about this
in her book, Animals in Translation: Using the Mysteries of Autism to
Decode Animal Behavior (New York: Scribner, 2005)

Beware. Some high-functioning persons diagnosed with an
autistic condition may yet turn out not to belong to the autism
spectrum but to have some other personality problem. Of course
they may convince you that they have Asperger syndrome. But you
can see the danger of circularity. A hard look at the boundaries of
the autism spectrum will be necessary to get out of this circle.

Autism

If you met someone with autism
and intellectual disabilities
Very different things would strike you when meeting Sylvia at age
40. You would know straight away that she has ‘special needs’.
Sylvia was a classically autistic girl who showed aloofness and
insistence on sameness. She had talents as well as difﬁculties.
She did well at a specialist school, but unfortunately, during
adolescence her behaviour problems increased. She also developed
epilepsy. As she became physically strong, her frustration at not
understanding things often resulted in breaking things and
hurting others and herself. She now needs constant supervision.
Her family have no time for the notion that autism is just a
difference and not a disorder. They feel this claim as cruel
mockery. There is no doubt that autism has blighted Sylvia’s life.
But should we grieve for her and bemoan her fate? Not
necessarily. Sylvia is only dimly aware of her own problems, and is
as happy as anyone else who can live in a loving environment.
What about Gary? You would certainly know that there is
something odd about him. You might be put off by his unkempt
looks and uncouth behaviour. When you meet him, you would
probably think he is a tramp. He often grumbles about not being
given a fair chance, but actually, he is quite content as long as he is
left in peace. Since joining the Asperger support group he has
found people he feels comfortable with and counts as friends. He
has even found a girlfriend among them. He may never ﬁnd
employment, and when he is no longer able to live at home, he will
depend on social services for housing and support.
114

What does it cost to have an autism
spectrum disorder?
Health economists make it their business to ﬁnd out just how
much it costs to take care of a person with an autism spectrum
condition over a lifetime. In the case of Great Britain such
estimates are £2.9 million for a high-functioning person with
autism and £4.7 million for a low-functioning person—over a
lifetime. Most of the funding currently goes on living support.
However, there is less than ideal provision in many cases. The
social services and special education services are chronically short
of funds and could easily use more to enhance and improve their
work.

Education and remediation
There are plenty of practical guides to educating the
high-functioning and the low-functioning child respectively.
Fortunately, there are effective educational programmes for
children with severe autism. I have already mentioned Applied
Behavioural Analysis (ABA). Here appropriate skills and
behaviours are taught through learning theory principles. There is
music therapy and art therapy, which are beneﬁcial in their own
right. Speech therapy can help enormously to promote articulation
and the use of language. Therapies are never as easy as they sound
and trained therapists are needed. A combination of several
techniques is often the right answer. A gifted and committed
teacher or parent makes all the difference, which is another way of
saying that we don’t really know what the magic ingredient is.
Some of the techniques used involve quite intense social affective
interactions and games. For example, the kind of larger than life
115

From theory to practice

It is one thing to estimate the ﬁnancial burden, but the human
costs are another, and cannot be estimated at all. Clearly, it is
imperative to ameliorate the burden of autism.

interactions enhanced by modulated voices and facial expressions
that mothers use with babies. For older children and adolescents,
social skills training is popular and effective. Attractive materials
are available, for instance cartoons and ﬁlms presenting emotional
expressions in a very clear form.

Autism

One example is Thomas the Tank Engine, a much loved children’s
book, which seems to be a particular favourite with autistic
children. Parents believe that the clear facial expressions on the
little railway engines and the simple stories of social interactions,

20. W. V. Awdry wrote the Railway series of books for children.
Thomas the Tank Engine appeared ﬁrst in 1946 and continues to enjoy
great popularity. Autistic children are attracted to the pictures of
railway engines with their big personalities and their expressive faces,
and can learn about social signals through the stories
116

illustrating, for instance, cooperation, competition, pride, anxiety,
and jealousy, are appealing enough to work as teaching aids. ‘The
names of the engines were the ﬁrst words he used before Mum
and Dad’, was reported by more than one set of parents.
The Cambridge Autism Research Centre, whose website is easy to
access, uses the idea of little engines, called Transporters. These
heroes of tailor-made stories act as teaching aids for social skills
and social signals. They show clear, simpliﬁed expressions of
emotions. It is the simplicity of design and storyline that appears
to enhance learning and make it enjoyable.

Deciding about education, employment, and living
accommodation in later life are not one-off decisions. In
discussions about the needs and rights of individuals with autism,
people often get very confused because the autism spectrum is so
wide. It is not possible to make general provisions that catch all.
The diversity of services that are needed is enormous.
This is true for education as well. Discussions about special needs
schools and integrated schooling are never ending. Parents may
have strong preferences for their child to be placed in a
mainstream school, thinking that this is the place where—driven
by the sheer need to get along with other children—their child
would be able to adapt and learn social skills. If only this were so!
Instead, most children with autism seem to beneﬁt from being
taught by a specialist teacher in the calm and highly structured
environment of a special unit or special school. But this is not an
opinion shared by all, and the debate will continue. There are so
many shades of autism that it seems sensible to make individual
plans for individual children.
117

From theory to practice

What kind of educational and social provisions
are needed?

Medical treatments
Medical treatments for autism do not exist. However, secondary
symptoms, for example, epilepsy, high anxiety, or depression,
are amenable to being improved by medication. In autistic
conditions, just as in typical development, it is necessary to be
vigilant about all sorts of medical conditions. Many of these seem
to occur unusually often in children with autism, for instance,
gastric inﬂammation, or allergic reactions. Many of these are
treatable.

Autism

If a child has gastric inﬂammation but does not know how to
communicate this, then this child might well show a range of
behaviour problems, such as biting and screaming. If the
inﬂammation was treated with the appropriate medication, then
the child would be much calmer and happier, even though the
underlying problem in communication has not gone away.
Dietary interventions have their passionate proponents. Bad
reactions to food allergies may well have an impact on behaviour,
and taking account of these allergies makes sense. However, only
some autistic children are likely to suffer from such allergies.

Charlatans
As long as there is a demand for a cure for autism, there will be
people who say they can supply a cure. We certainly have no
indication that autism is a disease like tuberculosis that can be
cured thanks to modern pharmaceuticals. As we discussed in
Chapter 4, autism is a largely genetically-based condition, with a
rainbow of different facets of manifestations in behaviour. The
condition is not always a disorder and not always a burden. Clearly
it is absurd to wish for a cure in these cases. It is not absurd to wish
for amelioration or prevention in those cases where disabilities
dominate the picture. As yet, we have no proper knowledge of how
to do this. Anyone who promises a short-cut, be it through taking
118

a particular dietary supplement or other regime, should be
suspected of being a charlatan. Luckily, there are websites that
warn of potentially dangerous and unproven therapies.
One thing is worth knowing if you are a parent, carer, or teacher.
Development is a strong force. Improvements over time, in
behaviour, in social skills, and in language, are only to be expected.
This is true also for the child with autism. Nothing special has to
happen for these improvements to occur, over and above a typical
level of care and support. This means that special interventions
have to be measured against expected improvements. It is likely
that educational programmes deliver signiﬁcant improvements
over and above these expected improvements. However,
evaluating these programmes is extremely difﬁcult. There is as yet
only good practice rather than a consensus on optimal practice.

It is quite obvious that caring for a child who is unable to
communicate and engage in reciprocal communication, who has
rigid behaviour patterns and obsessive tendencies, is a heavy
burden to bear for any family. Even in families who have vast
material resources and a community network that provides
services for such a child, it remains a hard task. Spare a thought
also for the siblings of the child with autism.
Parents will thank you for not criticizing their methods of keeping
control of tense situations. Be sympathetic when you see a family
struggling to make a journey by plane, and their autistic child
obsessively asks to have a drink. Yes, they probably have thought of
giving him a drink! And no, they are not callous or inept. No
doubt they have found out by experience that they must ignore the
repeated request.
The main stress on the family is not ‘what other people think’. One
can get immune to raised eyebrows and know-better suggestions.
119

From theory to practice

Stress

The main stress is all to do with the many open questions about
autism. How frustrating it is not to know what causes the
condition. If we knew, I believe parents’ attitudes would change
from bewilderment to a better ability to cope and to an increased
chance of acceptance. Many can achieve acceptance and many
gain a positive outlook, even happiness. But this is not the
norm.

Autism

The effect of stress on the individual with autism is probably much
worse than on healthy people. If it can be avoided, then things can
go nicely in well-worked-out routines. Conversely, if there is a
sudden deterioration of behaviour, look for the stress that might
have caused it. So the best possible practical advice for those who
are in daily contact with an autistic person is often just this: try
and ﬁnd out what the stressors are and remove them. They may
not be obvious. For example, it may simply be an unstructured
situation, as when having to make a decision of what to eat.
You don’t need to be afraid of people with autism. They are
different, but just like Christopher, the hero of Mark Haddon’s
novel, they often try very hard to be like everybody else. They
might overdo it, and they may get on other people’s nerves, for
example, by asking strange questions at an awkward time. It is
possible to cope with this better if you have gained some basic
knowledge and understanding from basic research. Rather than
looking for speciﬁc advice of what to say or do, which never ﬁts the
individual or the exact situation, you can formulate and think
through a question yourself.
The message in this book is that scientiﬁc research has already
answered some of the puzzling questions about autism and in the
future will provide answers to the many questions that are still
open. To decide about the proper education and care of people
with autism there is no short-cut. It is essential that research is
done at a very basic level, especially at the level of brain and mind.

120

Things we need to know more about
The puzzle of autism still beckons to be solved. In this book I have
indicated black spots of ignorance in many places. Above all we
need to know more about how the mind/brain works. For
instance, what happens in the brain when we experience empathy,
when we make eye contact, when we recognize faces, in short,
when we engage in social communication with another person?
We need to know more about mechanisms in the mind/brain that
enable us to become aware of ourselves and of our relationship
with others. Perhaps, most tantalizing of all, we need to ﬁnd the
secret of savant talents.

My advice to Diane is that she should not be afraid to create other
big ideas and take a hard and critical look at those that are
presented in this book. There is no better way to push back the
frontiers of knowledge than by trying out ideas that seem a little
outrageous at ﬁrst—so long as they can be tested experimentally.

121

From theory to practice

However, we can also look at these black spots of ignorance as
white spots on an as-yet-unexplored continent. Explorers of all
kinds, especially those who can combine psychological
experiments and techniques of neuroscience, and can work hand
in hand with cell biologists and geneticists, will ﬁll in the map and
will come back with answers that promise rich rewards. These
answers will not only make us able to understand people with
autism better, they will make us understand why all of us are who
we are.

Specialist references

See also references cited in the captions to Figures.

On prevalence
Baird, G., Simonoff, E., Pickles, A., Chandler, S., Loucas, T., Meldrum,
D., Charman, T. (2006) Prevalence of disorders of the autism
spectrum in a population cohort of children in South Thames: the
Special Needs and Autism Project (SNAP). Lancet, 368(9531):
210–15.
Baron-Cohen, S., Wheelwright, S., Skinner, R., Martin, J., and Clubley,
E. (2001) The autism spectrum quotient (AQ): evidence from
Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism, males and females,
scientists and mathematicians. Journal of Autism and
Developmental Disorders, 31: 5–17.
Wing, L., and Potter, D. (2002) The epidemiology of autistic
spectrum disorders: is the prevalence rising? Mental
Retardation and Developmental Disabilities Research Reviews,
8(3): 151–61.

On causes
Bauman, M. L., and Kemper, T. L., eds. (1994) The Neurobiology of
Autism. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Courchesne, E. (2004) Brain development in autism: early overgrowth
followed by premature arrest of growth. Mental Retardation and
Developmental Disability Research Reviews 10(2): 106–11.
122

Ellman, D., and Bedford, H. (2007) MMR: where are we now?
Archives of Disease in Childhood, 92: 1055–7.
Geschwind, D., and Levitt, P. (2007) Autism spectrum disorders:
developmental disconnection syndromes. Current Opinion in
Neurobiology, 17(1): 103–11.
Gillberg, C. and Coleman, M. (2000) The Biology of the autistic
syndromes 3rd ed. London: Mac Keith Press.
Losh, M. and Piven, J. (2007) Social cognition and the broad autism
phenotype: identifying genetically meaningful phenotypes. Journal
of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 48(1): 105–12.
Minshew, N.J. and Williams D.L. (2007) The new neurobiology of
autism: cortex, connectivity, and neuronal organization. Archives of
Neurology, 64(7): 945–50.
Persico, A. M., and Bourgeron, T. (2006) Searching for ways out of the
autism maze: genetic, epigenetic and environmental clues. Trends
in Neuroscience, 29(7): 349–58.
Rutter, M. (2006) Genes and Behavior: Nature-Nurture Interplay
Explained. Oxford: Blackwell.
Yeo, R. A., Gangestad, S. W., and Thoma, R. J. (2007) Developmental
instability and individual variation in brain development:
implications for the origin of neurodevelopmental disorders.
Current Directions in Psychological Science, 16: 245–9.

On impairments of social interaction
Baron-Cohen, S., Tager-Flusberg, H., and Cohen, D., eds.
(2000) Understanding Other Minds: Perspectives from
Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience. Oxford: Oxford University
Press.
Dapretto, M., Davies, M. S., Pfeifer, J. J., Scott, A. A., Sigman, M.,
Bookheimer, S. Y. et al. (2006) Understanding emotions in others:
mirror neuron dysfunction in children with autism spectrum
disorders. Nature Neuroscience, 9(1): 28–30.
Dawson, G., Meltzoff, A. N., Osterling, J., Rinaldi, J., and Brown, E.
(1998) Children with autism fail to orient to naturally occurring
social stimuli. Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders,
28(6): 479–85.
Hirschfeld, L., Bartmess, E., White, S., and Frith, U. (2007). Can
autistic children predict behavior by social stereotypes? Current
Biology, 17(12): R451–2.
123

Mundy, P., and Newell, L. (2007) Attention, joint attention and social
cognition. Current Directions in Psychological Science, 16(5):
269–74.
Pelphrey, K., Morris, J. P., McCarthy, G. (2005) The neurological
basis of eye gaze processing deﬁcits in autism. Brain, 128 (Pt 5):
1038–48.
Rizzolatti, G., Fogassi, L., Gallese, V. (2006) Mirrors of the mind.
Scientiﬁc American, 295(5): 54–61.
Rogers, S., and Williams J. H. G., eds. (2006) Imitation and the Social
Mind: Typical Development and Autism. New York: Guilford
Press.

Autism

On non-social features
Bird, G., Catmur, C., Silani, G., Frith, C., Frith, U. (2006) Attention
does not modulate neural responses to social stimuli in autism
spectrum disorders. Neuroimage, 31(4): 1614–24.
Gilbert S.J., Bird G., Brindley R., Frith C.D. and Burgess P.W. (2008)
Atypical recruitment of medial prefrontal cortex in autism
spectrum disorders: An fMRI study of two executive function
tasks, Neuropsychologia, 46(9): 2281-91.
Happé, F., and Frith, U. (2006) The weak central coherence account:
detail focused cognitive style in autistic spectrum disorders.
Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders, 36: 5–25.
Heaton, P., Williams, K., Cummins, O., and Happé, F. (2007) Autism
and pitch processing splinter skills: a group and subgroup analysis.
Autism, 12: 203–19.
Hermelin, B. (2001) Bright Splinters of the Mind: A Personal Story of
Research with Autistic Savants. London: Jessica Kingsley.
Hill, E.L. (2004) Executive dysfunction in autism. Trends in Cognitive
Sciences, 8(1): 26–32.
Mann T.A. and Walker P. (2003) Autism and a deﬁcit in broadening
the spread of visual attention, Journal of Child Psychology and
Psychiatry, 44(2): 274–84.
Mottron, L., Dawson, M., Soulieres, I., Hubert, B., and Burack, J.
(2006) Enhanced perceptual functioning in autism: an update,
and eight principles of autistic perception. Journal of Autism and
Developmental Disorders, 36(1): 27–43.

124

Further reading

Classic readings
Asperger, H. (1944) Die ‘autistischen Psychopathen’, in Kindesalter,
trans. U. Frith in U. Frith, ed. (1991) Autism and Asperger
Syndrome. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Kanner, L. (1943) Autistic disturbances of affective contact, Nervous
Child, 2: 217–50.

Introductions
Frith, U. (2003) Autism: Explaining the Enigma. Oxford: Blackwell.
Medical Research Council UK (2001) Autism: Research Review, MRC
website.
Sigman, M., and Capps, L. (1997) Children with Autism: A
Developmental Perspective. Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University
Press.
Houston, R., and Frith, U. (2002) Autism in History. Oxford:
Blackwell.
Morton, J. (2004) Understanding Developmental Disorders: A
Cognitive Modelling Approach. Oxford: Blackwell.

Edited volumes presenting research
Charman, T., and Stone, W., eds. (2006) Social and Communication
Development in Autism Spectrum Disorders: Early Identiﬁcation,
Diagnosis, and Intervention. New York: Guilford Press.
125

Frith, U., and Hill, E., eds. (2003) Autism: Brain and Mind, Oxford:
Oxford University Press.
McGregor, E., Nunez, M., Cebula, K., and Gomez, J. C. et al., eds.
(2008) Autism: An Integrated View from Neurocognitive, Clinical
and Intervention Research. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell.
Volkmar, F. R., Paul, R., Klin, A., and Cohen, D. J., eds. (2005)
Handbook of Autism and Pervasive Developmental Disorders,
Diagnosis, Development, Neurobiology, and Behavior, 3rd edition.
Hoboken, NJ: Wiley.

Autism

Biographical accounts
Claiborne-Park, C. (1967, 1995) The Siege. New York: Little Brown.
Blastland, M. (2006) Joe: The Only Boy in the World. London: Proﬁle
Books.
Grandin, T. (1996) Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism. New
York: Vintage Books.
Lawson, W. (2000) Life behind Glass: A Personal Account of Autism
Spectrum Disorder. London: Jessica Kingsley.
Moore, C. (2004) George and Sam. London: Penguin.
Sacks, O. (1995) An Anthropologist on Mars. New York: Vintage Books.

Guide books
Attwood, T. (2006) A Complete Guide to Asperger’s Syndrome.
London: Jessica Kingsley.
Siegel, B. (2003) Helping Children with Autism Learn: Treatment
Approaches for Parents and Professionals. Oxford: Oxford
University Press.
Wing. L. (1997) The Autism Spectrum: A Guide for Parents and
Professionals. London: Constable.

126

C

Index

Cambridge Autism Research
Centre 50, 117
Case of
David 5, 13, 72, 109
Gary 6, 34, 56, 57, 95, 109, 114
Edward 7, 34, 109, 113
Sylvia 16, 83, 114

A
Absolute pitch 5, 90, 93, 124
Aloof 9, 27–8
Animated triangles 69, 70
Applied Behaviour Analysis,
ABA 24, 115
AQ test 50, 122
Asperger, Hans 20, 34, 49, 54,
125
Asperger syndrome 6–7, 21,
33–5, 37, 47, 49–50, 88,
111
Attention 14, 83, 93, 100–2,
124
Autism spectrum 4, 25, 41, 46,
48, 111, 114, 117

Charman, Tony 41, 122, 125
Central coherence 88, 90–4
Claibourne-Park, Clara 23, 126
Cognitive phenotype 81, 108
Communication 3, 6, 9, 75, 81, 82
Comorbidity 47, 56–7
Compensatory leaning 27, 32, 111
Connectivity in the brain 13,
58–9, 61, 62, 98, 109,
110, 122, 123
Control 94, 96, 99, 101, 103
Cook and Diner parable 100–1,
102
Courchesne, Eric 63, 122
Croen, Lisa 40–1

B

D

Babies, 1, 13, 14, 15, 16, 73
Baird, Gillian 41, 122
Baron–Cohen, Simon 50, 51, 122,
123
Blastland, Michael 95, 126
Brain 58–64, 73, 76
Brain cells 58–9
Brain development 12–13, 52–4,
110
Brain connectivity, see
connectivity
Brain scanning 59, 60
Brain overgrowth, brain size 61,
63, 122
Brain’s mentalizing system 69,
71, 110
Broader phenotype 48
Bullying 6, 9

Dakin, Steven 92
Detail focus 8, 17, 22, 87–9, 93,
94
Development 12–17, 30–2, 52, 53,
57
Dewey, Margaret 23
Diagnosis 8, 17–18, 22, 46, 50
Difference vs disability 37–8
Down Syndrome 26

E
Echoing speech 78, 107
Education 17, 18, 23–5, 115–17
EEG and MEG 60–1
Emotions 60, 72, 73, 77–81
Empathy 73, 79, 83
127

Intelligence 21, 24, 25, 27, 47, 88,
95, 112
Interests 11, 12, 88, 90, 93

Empathizing, see systemizing and
empathizing
Enhanced Perceptual Facilitation
94, 124
Epilepsy 26, 118
Executive functions 94–8,
124
Eye gaze 14, 18, 74–6

J
Jigsaw puzzles 5, 87, 109
Joint attention 14–15, 18, 73

F

K

Faces 60, 74, 79, 83, 101, 116
Families, see also Parents 4–7, 31,
48, 55, 56, 114
Frontal lobes 95–8, 124

Kanner, Leo 20, 24, 27, 28,
125
Kim Peek 31, 85
Klin, Ami 75

Autism

G

L

Genetic risk factors,
protective factors 52,
53, 55, 123
Gillberg, Christopher 35, 123

Language 15, 25, 27, 81, 82, 115,
117
Learning disability 12, 26, 114
Learning in a different way 3,
5, 8
Lovaas, Ivar 24

H
Haddon, Marc 35–7, 65–6, 88,
120
Hamilton, Antonia 77
Happé, Francesca 91, 124
Hermelin, Beate and O’Connor,
Neil 21, 22–3
High-functioning autism 27, 29,
94, 111–12
History 20–2, 37, 125
Hypersensitivity 93

M
Males, men 48–51
Medical conditions 54, 118,
123
Memory 3, 23, 27, 31?, 85, 87
Mental retardation, see learning
disability
Mentalizing, mind-reading,
Theory of Mind, 67–72,
81, 82, 109, 123
MMR vaccination 43–6, 122
Mirror neurons 76–81, 123

I
Imitation 5, 77, 78, 123
Improvements 12, 17, 32, 119
Increase in cases 39, 42, 46, 51
Instability of development 57–8,
123

N
National Autism Societies 23
128

O

Special Education, see Education
Steven Wiltshire 85–7
Stress 94, 97, 119–20
Social brain 73, 76
Social interest 13, 34, 73, 84, 123
Social stereotypes 83–4
Supermarket 97
Sybil Elgar 23
Systemizing and empathizing
50–1, 94

Obsessive 11, 12, 21, 49, 93
Old Age 32–3

P
Parents, see also Families 7, 15,
18, 23, 42, 44, 54, 91,
117, 119
PDD–NOS 6, 56
Personality type 37
Play 16, 17, 18, 89
Psychopaths 83
Prevalence 39–42, 122
Pruning of the brain 55, 63, 63,
110
Purkinje cells

T

R
Rainman 28–30
Reciprocal interaction 9, 13–14,
48
Regression 15–16, 44, 97
Repetitive activities 11, 12, 27, 33,
93, 95
Restricted activities 11, 12, 95
Rigidity 4, 11, 31, 97
Rimland, Bernard 21
Rutter, Michael 2, 22, 54, 123

V
Vaccination 44–6
Visual perception 91–2, 94, 124

S

W

Sally-Anne test 67–9, 72
Savant talent 85–94, 124
Schopler, Eric 25
Screening 18
Senju, Atsushi 80
Self 102–4, 111
Smarties test 65

Wing, Lorna 2, 22, 34, 122, 126

Y
Yawning 79–80

129

Index

Talent 24, 27, 31, 49, 85–8, 103,
112
TEACCH 25
Temple Grandin 32, 112–13,
126
Testosterone 51
Theory of mind, see Mentalizing
Thomas the Tank Engine 116
Theory of Mind, see Mentalising
Thimerosal 45–6, 54
Top-down and bottom-up
98–104, 110–11, 124
Transporters 117
Triad of impairments 22
Twins 54–5

