Scotland: A Very Short Introduction

VERY SHORT INTRODUCTIONS are for anyone wanting a stimulating and
accessible way in to a new subject. They are written by experts, and have been
published in more than 25 languages worldwide.
The series began in 1995, and now represents a wide variety of topics in
history, philosophy, religion, science, and the humanities. Over the next
few years it will grow to a library of around 200 volumes – a Very Short
Introduction to everything from ancient Egypt and Indian philosophy to
conceptual art and cosmology.

Very Short Introductions available now:
AFRICAN HISTORY
John Parker and Richard Rathbone
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES
AND ELECTIONS L. Sandy Maisel
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY
Charles O. Jones
ANARCHISM Colin Ward
ANCIENT EGYPT Ian Shaw
ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY Julia Annas
ANCIENT WARFARE
Harry Sidebottom
ANGLICANISM Mark Chapman
THE ANGLO-SAXON AGE John Blair
ANIMAL RIGHTS David DeGrazia
Antisemitism Steven Beller
ARCHAEOLOGY Paul Bahn
ARCHITECTURE Andrew Ballantyne
ARISTOTLE Jonathan Barnes
ART HISTORY Dana Arnold
ART THEORY Cynthia Freeland
THE HISTORY OF ASTRONOMY
Michael Hoskin
ATHEISM Julian Baggini
AUGUSTINE Henry Chadwick
AUTISM Uta Frith
BARTHES Jonathan Culler
BESTSELLERS John Sutherland
THE BIBLE John Riches
THE BRAIN Michael O’Shea
BRITISH POLITICS Anthony Wright
BUDDHA Michael Carrithers
BUDDHISM Damien Keown
BUDDHIST ETHICS Damien Keown
CAPITALISM James Fulcher
CATHOLICISM Gerald O’Collins
THE CELTS Barry Cunliffe
CHAOS Leonard Smith

CHOICE THEORY Michael Allingham
CHRISTIAN ART Beth Williamson
CHRISTIANITY Linda Woodhead
CITIZENSHIP Richard Bellamy
CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY
Helen Morales
CLASSICS Mary Beard and
John Henderson
CLAUSEWITZ Michael Howard
THE COLD WAR Robert McMahon
CONSCIOUSNESS Susan Blackmore
CONTEMPORARY ART
Julian Stallabrass
CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY
Simon Critchley
COSMOLOGY Peter Coles
THE CRUSADES Christopher Tyerman
CRYPTOGRAPHY
Fred Piper and Sean Murphy
DADA AND SURREALISM
David Hopkins
DARWIN Jonathan Howard
THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS
Timothy Lim
DEMOCRACY Bernard Crick
DESCARTES Tom Sorell
DESIGN John Heskett
DINOSAURS David Norman
DOCUMENTARY FILM
Patricia Aufderheide
DREAMING J. Allan Hobson
DRUGS Leslie Iversen
THE EARTH Martin Redfern
ECONOMICS Partha Dasgupta
EGYPTIAN MYTH Geraldine Pinch
EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Paul Langford

THE ELEMENTS Philip Ball
EMOTION Dylan Evans
EMPIRE Stephen Howe
ENGELS Terrell Carver
ETHICS Simon Blackburn
THE EUROPEAN UNION John Pinder
and Simon Usherwood
EVOLUTION Brian and
Deborah Charlesworth
EXISTENTIALISM Thomas Flynn
FASCISM Kevin Passmore
FEMINISM Margaret Walters
THE FIRST WORLD WAR
Michael Howard
FOSSILS Keith Thomson
FOUCAULT Gary Gutting
FREE WILL Thomas Pink
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
William Doyle
FREUD Anthony Storr
FUNDAMENTALISM Malise Ruthven
GALAXIES John Gribbin
GALILEO Stillman Drake
Game Theory Ken Binmore
GANDHI Bhikhu Parekh
GEOGRAPHY John A. Matthews and
David T. Herbert
GEOPOLITICS Klaus Dodds
GERMAN LITERATURE Nicholas Boyle
GLOBAL CATASTROPHES Bill McGuire
GLOBALIZATION Manfred Steger
GLOBAL WARMING Mark Maslin
THE GREAT DEPRESSION AND
THE NEW DEAL Eric Rauchway
HABERMAS James Gordon Finlayson
HEGEL Peter Singer
HEIDEGGER Michael Inwood
HIEROGLYPHS Penelope Wilson
HINDUISM Kim Knott
HISTORY John H. Arnold
The History of Life
Michael Benton
THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE
William Bynum
HIV/AIDS Alan Whiteside
HOBBES Richard Tuck
HUMAN EVOLUTION Bernard Wood
HUMAN RIGHTS Andrew Clapham
HUME A. J. Ayer
IDEOLOGY Michael Freeden
INDIAN PHILOSOPHY Sue Hamilton
INTELLIGENCE Ian J. Deary

INTERNATIONAL MIGRATION
Khalid Koser
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
Paul Wilkinson
ISLAM Malise Ruthven
JOURNALISM Ian Hargreaves
JUDAISM Norman Solomon
JUNG Anthony Stevens
KABBALAH Joseph Dan
KAFKA Ritchie Robertson
KANT Roger Scruton
KIERKEGAARD Patrick Gardiner
THE KORAN Michael Cook
LAW Raymond Wacks
LINGUISTICS Peter Matthews
LITERARY THEORY Jonathan Culler
LOCKE John Dunn
LOGIC Graham Priest
MACHIAVELLI Quentin Skinner
THE MARQUIS DE SADE John Phillips
MARX Peter Singer
MATHEMATICS Timothy Gowers
THE MEANING OF LIFE
Terry Eagleton
MEDICAL ETHICS Tony Hope
MEDIEVAL BRITAIN
John Gillingham and Ralph A. Grifﬁths
MEMORY Jonathan K. Foster
MODERN ART David Cottington
MODERN CHINA Rana Mitter
MODERN IRELAND Senia Pašeta
MOLECULES Philip Ball
MORMONISM
Richard Lyman Bushman
MUSIC Nicholas Cook
MYTH Robert A. Segal
NATIONALISM Steven Grosby
NELSON MANDELA Elleke Boehmer
THE NEW TESTAMENT AS
LITERATURE Kyle Keefer
NEWTON Robert Iliffe
NIETZSCHE Michael Tanner
NINETEENTH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Christopher Harvie and
H. C. G. Matthew
NORTHERN IRELAND
Marc Mulholland
NUCLEAR WEAPONS
Joseph M. Siracusa
THE OLD TESTAMENT
Michael D. Coogan
PARTICLE PHYSICS Frank Close

PAUL E. P. Sanders
PHILOSOPHY Edward Craig
PHILOSOPHY OF LAW
Raymond Wacks
PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE
Samir Okasha
PHOTOGRAPHY Steve Edwards
PLATO Julia Annas
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY
David Miller
POLITICS Kenneth Minogue
POSTCOLONIALISM Robert Young
POSTMODERNISM Christopher Butler
POSTSTRUCTURALISM
Catherine Belsey
PREHISTORY Chris Gosden
PRESOCRATIC PHILOSOPHY
Catherine Osborne
PSYCHIATRY Tom Burns
PSYCHOLOGY
Gillian Butler and Freda McManus
THE QUAKERS Pink Dandelion
QUANTUM THEORY
John Polkinghorne
RACISM Ali Rattansi
RELATIVITY Russell Stannard
RELIGION IN AMERICA Timothy Beal
THE RENAISSANCE Jerry Brotton
RENAISSANCE ART
Geraldine A. Johnson
ROMAN BRITAIN Peter Salway
THE ROMAN EMPIRE
Christopher Kelly
ROUSSEAU Robert Wokler
RUSSELL A. C. Grayling
RUSSIAN LITERATURE Catriona Kelly
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION
S. A. Smith

SCHIZOPHRENIA
Chris Frith and Eve Johnstone
SCHOPENHAUER
Christopher Janaway
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
Thomas Dixon
SCOTLAND Rab Houston
SEXUALITY Véronique Mottier
SHAKESPEARE Germaine Greer
SIKHISM Eleanor Nesbitt
SOCIAL AND CULTURAL
ANTHROPOLOGY
John Monaghan and Peter Just
SOCIALISM Michael Newman
SOCIOLOGY Steve Bruce
SOCRATES C. C. W. Taylor
THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR
Helen Graham
SPINOZA Roger Scruton
STATISTICS David Hand
STUART BRITAIN John Morrill
TERRORISM Charles Townshend
THEOLOGY David F. Ford
THE HISTORY OF TIME
Leofranc Holford-Strevens
TRAGEDY Adrian Poole
THE TUDORS John Guy
TWENTIETH-CENTURY BRITAIN
Kenneth O. Morgan
THE UNITED NATIONS
Jussi M. Hanhimäki
THE VIETNAM WAR
Mark Atwood Lawrence
THE VIKINGS Julian Richards
WITTGENSTEIN A. C. Grayling
WORLD MUSIC Philip Bohlman
THE WORLD TRADE
ORGANIZATION Amrita Narlikar

Available Soon:
APOCRYPHAL GOSPELS Paul Foster
Expressionism Katerina Reed-Tsocha
FREE SPEECH Nigel Warburton
Modern Japan
Christopher Goto-Jones

Nothing Frank Close
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION
Jack Copeland and Diane Proudfoot
Superconductivity
Stephen Blundell

For more information visit our websites
www.oup.com/uk/vsi
www.oup.com/us

Rab Houston

Scotland
A Very Short Introduction

1

1
Great Clarendon Street, Oxford OX2 6DP
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford.
It furthers the University’s objective of excellence in research, scholarship,
and education by publishing worldwide in
Oxford New York
Auckland Cape Town Dar es Salaam Hong Kong Karachi
Kuala Lumpur Madrid Melbourne Mexico City Nairobi
New Delhi Shanghai Taipei Toronto
With ofﬁces in
Argentina Austria Brazil Chile Czech Republic France Greece
Guatemala Hungary Italy Japan Poland Portugal Singapore
South Korea Switzerland Thailand Turkey Ukraine Vietnam
Oxford is a registered trade mark of Oxford University Press
in the UK and in certain other countries
Published in the United States
by Oxford University Press Inc., New York
c Rab Houston 2008

The moral rights of the author have been asserted
Database right Oxford University Press (maker)
First Published 2008
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission in writing of Oxford University Press,
or as expressly permitted by law, or under terms agreed with the appropriate
reprographics rights organization. Enquiries concerning reproduction
outside the scope of the above should be sent to the Rights Department,
Oxford University Press, at the address above
You must not circulate this book in any other binding or cover
and you must impose the same condition on any acquirer
British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data
Data available
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data
Data available
ISBN 978–0–19–923079–2
1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2
Typeset by SPI Publisher Services, Pondicherry, India
Printed in Great Britain by
Ashford Colour Press Ltd, Gosport, Hampshire

To the memory of my mother,
Janet Paterson Houston (née Brown),
1920–2007.

This page intentionally left blank

Contents

List of illustrations xi
Introduction 1

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

Politics and government 5
Religion 38
Education 61
Society 73
Economy and environment 99
Scotland and the wider world 110
Culture 125
Conclusion: The lessons of history 147
References and further reading 151
Chronology 155
Monarchs of Scotland, 843–1714 161
Index 163

This page intentionally left blank

List of illustrations

1

Caerlaverock Castle 8
c Brian Moyes Photography/

photographersdirect.com

2 Parliament of St Kilda,
1886 26
University of Aberdeen

3 Scottish Labour Party
membership card 32
Culture and Sport Glasgow
(Museums)

4 Re-opening of the Scottish
Parliament, 1999 36
c Scotsman Publications


5 Eighth-century ‘high cross’ at
Kildalton 40
c Royal Commission on the Ancient

and Historical Monuments of
Scotland

6 St Vincent Street Church 56
c Royal Commission on the Ancient

and Historical Monuments of
Scotland

7 Sunday morning: La Lecture
de la Bible, by Alexander
Carse 62
c National Gallery of Scotland


8

Aerial view of St Andrews 76
c Skyscan/Corbis


9 Forth Railway Bridge 104
c Hulton-Deutsch Collection/Corbis


10 Highlanders in tartan
uniforms 114
c Mary Evans Picture Library/Alamy


11 The Wealth of Nations, by
Sir Eduardo Paolozzi 132
c Laura Howie/

photographersdirect.com

12 Sir Walter Scott, 1822, by
Sir Henry Raeburn 137
c Scottish National Portrait Gallery,

Edinburgh/The Bridgeman Art
Library

The publisher and the author apologize for any errors or omissions in the
above list. If contacted they will be pleased to rectify these at the earliest
opportunity.

Kingdoms
Peoples
Ecclesiastical centres

P ICTS

PI

CT

S

Dunkeld
Scone

Iona
Dundurn

DÁL RIATA

St Andrews

Forteviot
Dumbarton

G AELS

O

RT
BM

E

HU

BR
IT
ON
RA
TH S
CL
YD

N

ST

RIA

Whithorn

0
0

25

50

75

100 km

10 20 30 40 50 60 miles

Early kingdoms and peoples

ATHOL/Mull District/Isle
Conjectural boundary between
Gaelic speaking areas to the west
and English speaking areas
Battle

Lewis

Harris

N Uist
Benbecula

Culloden

Gl
en

S Uist

Gr
ea
t

Skye
Barra

KNOYDART

Small
Isles

ARISAIG

LORDSHIP
Coll

a
MOLDART B

de

no

ch SPEYSIDE
ATHOL

ARDNAMURCHAN

Tiree

MORVERN

ARGYLL

LORNE

Bre

ne

lba

ada

Mull

OF THE

STRATHEARN
Colonsay

Jura

L E N N OX

ISLES
Islay

BUTE
Kintyre
Arran

0

25

50

75

100 km

0 10 20 30 40 50 60 miles

The historic Highlands and Western Isles

h

ir t

f
ay
or

M

Elgin

ess

ern

Inv

ey

Sp

Don

Aberdeen

Dee
N. Esk
S. E
sk

Montrose
Tay

Dundee
Perth

St Andrews

Forth

Stirling
Clyde

Glasgow

Edinburgh
d

ee
Tw

urgh

Jedb

Annan

Ayr

Dumfries

20
10

40
20

60
30

40

80 km

se

0
0

s
Tee

th
fir

Ou

ay
lw

So

Tyne

Humber

50 miles

The main towns and rivers of Scotland and The rivers of north-east
England

above 1,500 ft (450 m)
800−1,500 ft (250−450 m)
below 800 ft (250 m)

0
0

25

50

75

10 20 30 40 50

100 km
60 miles

Physical map of Scotland

ORKNEY

SHETLAND
CAITHNESS
SUTHERLAND

ROSS AND
CROMARTY
BANFF

NAIRN

MORAY

ABERDEEN
INVERNESS

K

IN

CA

RD

IN

E

ANGUS
PERTH
ARGYLL
KINROSS
CLACKMANNAN
W. DUN
B

AR

FIFE

STIRLING

T

E. LOTHIAN
TH

BERWICK

N

IA

TO

EW

LO

FR

ID

N

R
ST BA
EA UN
D

N

LANARK PEEBLES

N

BUTE

M

O

RE

.
N
W IA
TH

LO

SELKIRK

AYR

R

O

X

B

U

R

G

H

DUMFRIES
KIRCUDBRIGHT
WIGTOWN

0
0

25
10

20

50

75

30

40 50

100 km
60 miles

The pre-1975 administrative regions of Scotland

ENGLAND

Introduction

Britons and non-Britons alike often ﬁnd it hard to grasp what
Scotland is about. Are the Scots really just a sort of English? The
answer is an emphatic ‘No’. Is Scotland a distinctive entity within
Britain? ‘Yes’. Are the Scots British? ‘Sometimes’. Scotland and
England share a language, a monarch (since 1603), and a
parliament (since 1707), and they went through shared
experiences of empire and industrial revolution. Yet many other
aspects of their history have made them very different. George
Orwell once wrote in ‘England, your England’: ‘National
characteristics are not easy to pin down, and when pinned down
they often turn out to be trivialities or seem to have no connexion
with one another.’
The connections again lie in history. The social, political, and
cultural characteristics of modern Scots come out of centuries of
separate and parallel development within a British and European
context. Theirs is a story of continuities and change, of consistency
and contradiction, of good and bad, but what distinguishes
Scotland is its experience of government, religion, law, education,
social relationships, population mobility, and culture. Only by
explaining and evaluating this history can we understand
Scotland’s present.

1

Scotland

Four themes run through this study. First, while Scotland is not
obviously ‘multi-cultural’ by modern standards, it has historically
been marked by pronounced geographic, linguistic, religious, and
social differences remarkable in so small a country. Second, it
developed and has a strong ‘civil society’ or ‘voluntary sector’ that
has at times reinforced those differences and at others created
homogeneity of vision, notably in ideas about education and
common humanity. Third, whatever the local and regional
differences, Scotland developed a sense of national identity during
the Middle Ages that has never dimmed, even within the context
of Union with England and even when Scots exalted in being
‘British’.
The ﬁnal theme concerns what it means to be both Scottish and
British. The misunderstandings (and sometimes antagonisms)
between modern Scots and English come out of a tension between
their shared experience and the desire to remain different. Scots
(and English) are only ‘British’ in speciﬁc contexts and appeals to
this level of identity include sectional characteristics rather than
overriding them. When Scots (or Welsh or northern Irish) talk of
themselves as ‘British’, they draw on a long history of being
different as well as a limited experience of being the same –
though they are more likely to use the word inclusively than are
the English. Nationalist histories of post-1922 Ireland and of
post-revolutionary America are convincing because they broke
free of the (English) imposition of a British culture and
government. Scots never did and arguably most never wanted to,
partly because they had a more positive role in making that
culture.
England is not the only country with which Scotland had
interactions and it has not always been the most important one.
Nevertheless, Scottish and English (and Irish) history have been
intertwined for centuries and Scots have participated in a British
project, embracing Union with varying degrees of enthusiasm and

2

reserve. Scottish history needs to be understood with English
history, not to see what was overlaid, repressed, and distorted by
an alien English imposition, but to understand what was separate
and what was shared. British history is a part of Scottish history
regardless of whether Scotland remains a part of the United
Kingdom in the future.

Introduction

3

This page intentionally left blank

Chapter 1
Politics and government

Making Britain
To see Britain as Scotland, England, and Wales is to accept a
medieval creation, for until then there was nothing inevitable
about the emergence of a separate and independent Scottish
realm. For centuries there was a chance that the fragmented
political units of Dark Age Scotland might either have remained
disunited or have been brought together under English control.
The Dark Age land that is now Scotland was a shifting patchwork
of political alliances and peoples that comprised three main
groupings. Dál Riata (focused on Argyllshire in the west) belonged
to the ‘Scots’ (an English word with no Scottish vernacular form,
best translated as ‘Gaels’), a people also found in Ireland. The Picts
occupied the north and east and the Britons the south. Both then
and far into the Middle Ages, Scotland resembled Wales and
Ireland, a loose-knit ensemble of separate chiefs or lords with
limited chances of cohering into anything larger and more potent.
Integration proceeded only slowly. In 843, a Pictish king, Kenneth
MacAlpin (Cinaed mac Alpín), united Scotland north of the Forth
into what eventually became known c. 900 as ‘Alba’. The political
focus moved from Argyllshire to Perthshire in the east as the
composite kingdom joined Scots or Gaels with Picts, though
5

Scotland

ultimately Gaelic inﬂuences eclipsed Pictish. The next landmark
was in 1018 when King Malcolm II defeated the Northumbrians
(who had controlled much of south-east Scotland since the 7th
century) to bring Lothian under his control. Yet even then parts of
the north and west still had independent Scandinavian-run
administrations, for Viking raiders had carved out their own
territories in Scotland (and Ireland) since c. 800. Comprising two
interlocking kingdoms in 1100, Alba encompassed only a third of
modern Scotland, with Northumbria, stretching across south-east
Scotland and north-east England, and the Norse-dominated
kingdom of the Isles to the west composing the rest.
Monarchs began to call themselves ‘king of Scots’ in the 12th
century, and during the 13th century Scotland’s borders became
ﬁrmer and its political focus clearer. Northumbria remained a
buffer zone: Berwick-upon-Tweed changed hands 13 times
between 1147 and 1482, since when it has remained English.
Indeed, English kings accepted a measure of territorial
semi-detachment, sometimes not feeling invaded until Scots
troops reached the River Tees or even the Humber on their
frequent incursions. It only became clear that Northumbria south
of the Tweed would remain English when in 1237, in the Treaty of
York, King Alexander II gave up two centuries of claims to the
northern English counties. This treaty consolidated an
Anglo-Scottish peace that lasted from 1217 to 1296 and allowed
monarchs to work on assimilating Galloway to the emerging
Scottish state, yet it remained semi-detached until the 15th
century.
Alexander II’s reign marked a major shift in the focus of Scottish
kings, who gave up the chance to redraw the political map of
Britain and sought henceforth to expand their reach to the north
and west rather than the south. Alexander died trying to wrest the
Hebrides and the Isle of Man from the Norwegian king, a task
eventually achieved by his son Alexander III after the Battle of
Largs (Ayrs., 1263). Thus by 1266, by virtue of the Treaty of Perth,
6

‘Britain’ (excluding the then separate principality of Wales)
comprised two separate centralizing monarchies with
more-or-less clearly deﬁned territories. The other was England,
which had become uniﬁed much earlier than Scotland. By AD
1000 at the latest, it had ceased to be a loose grouping of small
kingdoms and became a ‘united kingdom’ with its centre of
gravity in the south-east: the unitary Anglo-Saxon ‘state’ of
‘Engla Lond’.

Norman inﬂuence was most pronounced in Scotland under
David I, who carried his long experience of the Norman court and
culture into his search to extend royal authority, not only by
planting Norman barons, but also by introducing written records,
building castles, and creating boroughs or ‘burghs’ with chartered
trading privileges and corporate administrations. Yet these were
adopted voluntarily rather than imposed from outside, for there
was no Norman Conquest of Scotland. That England was already
an integrated state in 1066 had made it easier to take over and to
change. Scotland was a different kind of entity. Politically
decentralized then and for centuries afterwards, it was
Normanized by immigration and assimilation, not force.
7

Politics and government

In hindsight, the unifying forces within Scotland were as clear as
was its separation from England. But the development of a united
and independent Scottish kingdom was far from inevitable.
Instead, there were countervailing inﬂuences that might have
promoted fuller British integration under English lordship.
During the 12th and 13th centuries, Scotland and England grew
closer in two important ways. For one thing, their dynasties
became linked. For another, Norman barons like Bruce, Balliol,
and Stewart, later to provide kings of Scotland in their own right,
were invited in by King David I and established across Lowland
Scotland during the 12th century. This settlement was part of a
wider process by which much of Britain and Ireland gradually
became Normanized after the Norman Conquest of England in
1066.

Scotland

1. Castles were distinctive Anglo-Norman introductions, symbols
of power and status as well as centres of government in the Middle
Ages

Breaking Britain: the Wars of Independence
Unlike medieval England, Wales, and Ireland, Scotland was never
a wholly conquered country, but there were times when it was a
close-run thing. Scotland had important ties with England and
might in time have come fully (perhaps even peacefully) within the
orbit of English kings. Paradoxically, political, social, and military
changes brought about by Anglo-Norman overlordship ultimately
laid the foundations of an independent Scotland. In particular, the
wars begun by English King Edward I (1272–1307) and continued
by his successors obliged a single aristocracy (often with lands in
both Scotland and England) to decide where their loyalty lay,
conﬁrming not only Scottishness, but also Englishness. Along the
way, the Anglo-Norman lords of the 12th-century Lowlands joined
with their Gaelic counterparts in the Highlands (the mountainous
part of north and west Scotland) to become a separate Scottish
aristocracy. The very forces of integration in the 12th and 13th
8

centuries drove Scotland and England apart in the 14th century
and ultimately sealed their futures as independent countries.

Tensions escalated. In 1296, small cross-border raids by the Scots
caused Edward to mount a full-scale invasion, starting what
became known to Scots as the ‘Wars of Independence’. He
slaughtered his way through Berwick and Dunbar, took Edinburgh
and Stirling castles, and then went as far north as Elgin. Early
military opposition was led by William Wallace, but he ended up a
friendless outlaw, eventually hanged, drawn, and quartered in
London in 1305. Edward could then claim a geographically
extensive, increasingly uniform, and possibly effective rule over all
parts of the British Isles, with ultimate judicial, legislative, ﬁscal,
and administrative control from London.
But his hold on Ireland and Scotland proved uncertain and
Edward’s British state soon unravelled. From 1306, a complex
train of events found Robert Bruce, earl of Carrick, leading
opposition to the English and ultimately claiming the crown of
Scotland. Bruce won a stunning victory against a much larger
English force in the two-day battle at Bannockburn (Stirlings.) in
1314. The Scots used their ‘common’ or citizen army, based on
9

Politics and government

Edward I claimed (among others) the lands of Wales and Ireland.
He administered Ireland, conquered Wales (though it was only
integrated with England by the Tudors), and, as the most powerful
king in Britain, he exercised direct and superior lordship over
Scotland. He therefore seemed close to creating a single British
kingdom. Following the death of King Alexander III’s heir,
Margaret, in 1290, Edward oversaw hearings of the ‘Great Cause’
(the succession issue), which put John Balliol (John I) on the
Scottish throne in 1292. Edward’s British vision looked like being
realized. But Scotland sought out the French as a counterweight to
England, forging in 1295 a bond (the ‘Auld [old] Alliance’) that
endured until the 16th century. By then, England had long been
the ‘auld enemy’ (Chapter 6).

Scotland

unpaid but highly committed peasant levies, in tightly packed
contingents of pikemen (schiltrom) to neutralize enemy cavalry
before a surprise attack routed the English. The immediate result
was the surrender of the English garrison at Stirling castle, but in
retrospect the battle was a momentous turning point. Edwardian
pretensions remained, but they were unlikely to be realized.
Against the odds, Bruce used his victory and political skill to forge
a Scottish nation. For all his virtues, Bruce was a divisive ﬁgure
among a divided nobility, a violent, self-seeking man who was able
to assume the mantle of patriotism. Some of those who sealed an
apparently solid bond of support, the famous Declaration of
Arbroath (1320), rebelled against him soon after. The Declaration,
regarded as a landmark in the making of the Scottish nation, was
an appeal to Pope John XXII for assistance by legitimating
coronation of an independent ruler, declaiming that ‘as long as a
hundred of us are left, we will never submit on any condition to
English rule. We ﬁght not for glory, riches nor honours, but for
freedom . . . ’. Yet Bruce (as King Robert I) cleverly linked his
dynasty to the ideal of an independent nation and, with the
support of nobles and commoners alike, created a strong new
monarchy as a focal point for subsequent Scottish identity.
On the surface, Bannockburn made little lasting difference, for
English interference continued, creating an enduring distrust. But
in the long term Bannockburn was the most important battle not
just in Scottish or English history, but in British history, because it
marked the end of any serious chance of a ‘super-overlordship’ of
Britain. Given the half-hearted and incomplete medieval conquest
of the rest of the British Isles, it is probably a good thing the Scots
won so spectacularly. Ireland and Wales came under English sway
thanks to ‘private enterprise’ invasions by Anglo-Norman
magnates from the 12th century. The loose ends were tied up for
Wales in the 16th century, but never for Ireland, and the
indigenous peoples of both suffered from a sort of apartheid. Since
the 10th century, policy towards Scotland necessarily came from
10

the English crown, as no noble was strong enough to take on so
diverse and divided (and yet so potent) a country. Bannockburn
made plain the limits of even the English crown’s ambitions and
was a landmark in the formation of an independent Scotland.

Making Scotland: from independence to Unions

Indeed, monarchy was the main focus of identity for medieval
Scots, even when it was weak. Most 15th-century English kings
were usurpers (ﬁve dynastic changes occurred 1399–1485), but the
house of Stewart descended continuously from Robert II in 1371
until the death of Queen Anne in 1714. The reason for the
resilience is that prior to the 16th century the monarchy was more
a focal point than a powerful independent actor. Scottish kings
preferred to avoid confrontation with their aristocracy, though
David II, James I, and James II coped with strong opposition to
demands for money. Nor did they impose much direct taxation
on their subjects, thus enjoying relative peace compared with
contemporary Europe. The nobility had little interest in furthering
the ambitions of rulers like James III, who wanted to cut a dash by
warring abroad in the 1470s (he died ﬁghting a rebellion in 1488).
James IV and V were more successful in extracting money without
opposition, though routine royal taxation was not established until
James VI’s reign.
11

Politics and government

For all its apparently timeless appeal, the Declaration of Arbroath
was speciﬁcally a petition for recognition of an independent crown
made to the ultimate Christian authority, the papacy. Framed
by churchmen as well as laity, it demonstrated the political
importance of the Church in Scotland and across Europe. Its focus
on royal or regnal liberty was because Scotland at this date was a
purely political entity with little to unite it, except the monarch
and the Church, and much to divide it. Scotland grew by dynastic
accretion, and loyalty to the monarchy helped create a sense of
‘nation’. People spoke of the ‘community of the realm’, but they
meant those living under a king.

Scotland

The ideal of monarchy meant that prolonged minorities did not
damage the realm. Mary, Queen of Scots, was a week old when her
father James V died. Raised in France from 1548, she married the
heir to the French throne in 1558 and did not come to Scotland
until after he died; her successor James VI was also an infant
when she was deposed in 1567. It was not during a minority, but
under adult Mary that the Scottish monarchy reached its lowest
ebb. By the time she arrived in Scotland in 1561, a radical
‘Reformation’ of religion (replacing Catholicism with
Protestantism) had been orchestrated by a group of dissident
nobles, and she spent her time as queen on damage limitation.
Scotland’s aristocrats did not want too strong a monarch, but an
ineffective one was just as useless. Mary did reasonably well
fending off the strident warnings of Protestant leader John Knox
(c. 1514–72) and containing factions until she made an unwise
marriage in 1565. Subsequently her rule fell apart and the nobility
forced her out. Exiled and imprisoned in England, she was
decapitated there as a traitor in 1587, all her possessions burned.
Mary was a woman of extraordinary political talents and immense
personal courage, a lover of life as much as a conscientious and
charismatic queen, who should be judged not by her failure to
bring stability to her fatally unstable country, but by her many
successful attempts to do so. She was defeated not because she
could not match her enemies, but because they were so numerous
and the problems so intractable.
Mary’s reign went against a trend of growing royal power, for
under James IV and James V the crown had become much more
assertive. Yet then, and for centuries after, Scottish government
remained quite different from English. From Anglo-Saxon times,
the English crown had used a common law and a national circuit
court system to exert close and effective centralized judicial
control over local and corporate liberties, as well as levying taxes
and waging war on a big scale; its kings issued their own coinage.
English government was participatory local government – shire,
12

hundred, borough, and parish – but directly answerable to the
king. England’s medieval kings were intensely powerful men who
sometimes lacked authority.

The Unions of 1603 and 1707
The 16th century saw Wales fully assimilated into English
government: shires, boroughs, common law, and parliament.
England and Wales became a unitary state, possibly the only
one in contemporary Europe: royal and parliamentary authority
prevailed throughout the kingdom; there was common law;
uniform religion; free internal trade; and a measure of
identiﬁcation with the territory and its institutions – ‘nationhood’
if not nationalism. In time, the Welsh and the English became
socially united too, and only the Welsh language survived as a sign
of separation. Scotland shared a monarch with England from
1603, but the Anglo-Scottish Union of 1707, like the Anglo-Irish of
1801, was purely legislative, lacking the thorough political, legal,
and institutional integration of Wales. Scotland and England were
brought together by dynastic union and constitutional instrument.
13

Politics and government

Scotland’s monarchy had great authority and limited power,
having to support diversity and bolster existing noble privilege
until much later. The Scottish aristocracy saw themselves as
co-rulers rather than subjects. Local government prior to the late
17th or the 18th century was the lord’s or the burgh’s government
and, while also largely amateur and participatory, the touch of the
centre was light. The ﬁrst royal coins were issued by David I
centuries after their English models, and Scottish weights and
measures were not standardized until the 19th century. Late
medieval Scotland had become a nation built on the monarchy
and buttressed by other pillars such as a separate church, a
precociously nationalist school of historical writing, and an
emerging but already robust legal system. As a state, it was
nothing like England, but much closer to the decentralized power
structures that characterized most continental countries.

Scotland

Queen Elizabeth I of England (1558–1603) was childless and
James VI of Scotland, long her heir-apparent, was crowned James
I of England in 1603 with ‘silent joye, noe great shouting’. James
moved his court from Edinburgh to London. He had aspirations
to integrate the countries more fully in law, religion, and
government, but they came to nothing: even the crown’s
prerogative powers (those enjoyed simply by virtue of being a
prince) were not the same north and south of the border. James’s
successor, Charles I, was much less politically astute and found
out to his cost that the realms remained very different (see
Chapter 2).
The Union of Parliaments attracted no more debate than that of
crowns in the south either before or after 1707. The English were
satisﬁed with the deal, which secured the succession to the throne,
removed the irritant of an independent Scottish parliament, and
gave lasting security. The Scots were far more ambivalent, their
competing views appearing in more than 500 pamphlets,
sermons, and treatises. On one side was the Duke of Queensberry,
the queen’s commissioner in Scotland, trumpeting the economic
and political beneﬁts of Union; on the other, Lord Belhaven,
shuddering at the threat to ‘our Ancient Mother CALEDONIA’.
Many Scots were indeed suspicious, if for very different reasons.
Supporters of the ousted James VII, called ‘Jacobites’ (from
Jacobus, the Latin for James), rioted against the legislation about
who was to succeed Queen Anne. Radical Protestants for their
part baulked at the apparent threat to their independent church
and law.
In the 1700s and ever since, some Scots saw Union as a sell-out.
Poet Robert Burns (1759–96) famously described the Scottish
representatives as a ‘parcel of rogues’. In fact, many Scots who
engineered Union had been exiled in the Low Countries under the
later Stewarts and were staunch and highly principled supporters
of the ‘Glorious Revolution’ of 1688–9, when James VII/II ﬂed his
realm and William of Orange and Mary (James’s daughter) took
14

over. Men like the earls of Stair, Marchmont, and Leven had been
discussing and planning an incorporating Union since 1689,
believing (as John Knox had done) that it would protect the
Scottish Reformation and fend off the military threat to all
Protestants posed by Louis XIV’s absolutist monarchy in France.
They had a truly ‘British’ standpoint. Aware of Scotland’s dire
economic condition during the 1690s, they also hoped for
preferential access to the blossoming trade with English colonies,
blocked since 1651 by Navigation Acts that owed less to the
antagonism of crown or people to the Scots (or the Dutch) than to
the powerful, self-interested lobbying of English merchants.

In the end, the balance of opinion among the political classes was
that the Union was a ‘fair bargain’. It came into being on 1 May
1707. Scotland got 45 members of parliament (MPs) in the House
of Commons and 16 places in the Lords. But if the English hoped
to forget about the Scots once more, they were soon disappointed.
Political stability might have been secured in England in 1689, but
not in Ireland or Scotland, which saw the very ﬁrst Jacobite rising
seize victory at Killiecrankie (Perths., 1689) then slump to defeat
in Ireland and Scotland in 1691. Now seen as a sort of emotive
nationalism or a doomed romantic anachronism, post-1689
Jacobitism was a mainstream but elite political and religious
movement based on divine-right succession (making the monarch
one of God’s anointed) and close dynastic loyalty. It was not an
independence movement, but an alternative claim to the British
15

Politics and government

Burns also jibed that the representatives were ‘bought and sold
for English gold’, a reference both to ‘interest’ or corruption
(then a normal way of doing business) and to the £400,000
compensation gained by hard bargaining for losses sustained in a
spectacularly disastrous colonial venture at Darien (Panama) in
1699. Scots blamed the English for the failure and they may have
been right, though disease and Spanish arms played their part, for
Scotland had no navy adequate to protect its mercantile marine.

throne. The Act of Succession, passed in 1701 to allow the house of
Hanover to succeed the heirless Queen Anne (as it did in 1714),
came from London, not Edinburgh. Its Scottish equivalent, the
tellingly named Act of Security (1704), said only that Anne’s
successor should be a Protestant of her line. Thus there was
nothing to stop James VII’s son, the ‘Old Pretender’ James
Edward Stewart (1688–1766), converting to claim his throne as
James VIII, and then reverting to Catholicism.

Scotland

For decades, regime change was a live issue and, at times, a real
possibility. An attempt by the Old Pretender to land at Edinburgh
in 1708 was driven off, but, inspired by divine-right visions and by
discontent at the Hanoverian succession, supporters of the
Stewarts rebelled in 1715 and provoked a rising in northern
England. More people supported the Jacobites than during their
next major rising in 1745, but in England they were poorly led and
badly organized, making them easy to crush.
Recriminations after the 1715 failure took decades to fade,
weakening the Jacobite impetus. Yet by 1745, strong forces
destabilized Britain: general antagonism to 30 years of Whig
(left-wing) rule among disaffected Tories (as the right-leaning
tendency in politics was then known), especially their religious
policies; economic woes in Scotland after the Union failed to
deliver in the short term; the serious ‘Porteous riots’ in Edinburgh
in 1736; discrimination and destitution in Ireland. In addition, the
1745 Jacobites had important advantages: James Edward’s son,
Charles Edward Stewart (aka ‘the Young Pretender’, or ‘Bonnie
Prince Charlie’) was a charismatic leader; he had French and Irish
support; his fast, manoeuvrable army seized Edinburgh and in
September 1745 he trounced English forces at Prestonpans (East
Lothian) in just 15 minutes, moving swiftly south to Derby – just
130 miles from London.
Thereafter the rebels lost the initiative and things started to go
wrong. Promises of support from some English Tories were hot air,
16

and military disagreements led to retreat and failure to link up
with the French; though even in January 1746 all was not lost, for
the Jacobites were still winning victories. Then they retreated into
the Highlands which, far from their natural stronghold, deprived
them of support from the north-east Lowlands, which in its
religious, political, and social makeup was far more sympathetic.

Defeat at Culloden, driven home by the subsequent scorched-earth
policy of Cumberland, irretrievably damaged the Jacobite cause.
Charles escaped to live out his days as an Italian drunk, dying in
1788. In the meantime, the defeat of a French invasion ﬂeet in
1759 and Britain’s total victory in the Seven Years War (1756–63)
killed off the effective threat of regime change, but the government
still thought it wise to build the imposing Fort George outside
Inverness (1769). The Union was secure and, although people
were unsure how to take George I, the Hanoverians were
positively adored by the time George III died in 1820.
During George III’s reign, a British ﬂag was created to signal
Union. James VI/I tried and failed to marry the crosses of St
George and St Andrew. The ‘Union Jack’ originated in the 1650s
when the English under Oliver Cromwell really did subjugate the
Scots and Irish by arms (it had an Irish harp at its centre), but the
17

Politics and government

Relentlessly the Hanoverians closed in, amassing troops, money,
and supplies while using the navy to isolate the Jacobites. Yet,
defeat was still by no means certain when George II’s youngest
son, the Duke of Cumberland, surprised a depleted force outside
Inverness. Judicious use of infantry and artillery broke the rebel
charge and in an hour left a third of them dead. The last battle on
British soil, Culloden showed the divisions in British society. The
ﬁeld was not coloured tartan versus redcoat, but had multiple hues
(and tongues), with half the Hanoverian army Scots. The
Pretender ﬁelded an international force of French (always meant
to be the backbone), Irish, and English, as well as Scots from
Highlands and Lowlands alike.

Scotland

present Union ﬂag dates from the Union with Ireland in 1801,
when the red saltire of St Patrick was placed within the white
diagonal cross of St Andrew. The Lion Rampant is properly a
heraldic symbol of the kings of Scotland – a ﬁtting national ﬂag in
view of the historic role the monarchy played in making Scotland
and keeping it independent.
By 1801, the massively positive material effects of Union had long
been plain. Scotland had economic access to England and English
colonies, promoting urban development and both agricultural and
industrial revolution. For England, where the Union was much
more sought after, it offered short-term political security, only
consolidated in the longer run by the defeat of Jacobite challenges.
For Britain, Union aided the development of empire and economy,
which together created the reality of a United Kingdom and made
it the European power 1763–90 and the world power after 1815.
But it also left a legacy of resentment and tension between the
component countries and within Scotland itself.
Socially and culturally, the gap between Highland and Lowland
that had originated in the 14th century (see Chapter 4) was
widened by the identiﬁcation of the Lowlands with ‘civilized’
values and the Highlanders with ‘barbarism’. Politically too, the
implications for Scotland were unclear. Englishman and
pro-Union spy Daniel Defoe wrote in his A tour thro’ the whole
island of Great Britain (1724–7) that Union had secured
Scotland’s peace and helped its commerce,
But I cannot say she has raised her ﬁgure in the world at all since
that time, I mean as a body. She was before considered as a nation,
now she appears no more but as a province, or at best a dominion.

Indeed, the Union created as many questions as it resolved. One
lingering argument was over militia and the right to bear arms,
which disappeared with Union. For decades, Scots fought in
parliament to have both restored – to the respectable at least.
18

They failed, largely because signiﬁcant portions of the population
were manifestly disloyal to the post-1714 regime, though along
the way they raised important points: had the Scottish parliament
been merged with, grafted onto, or dissolved into the English;
was the Union egalitarian or colonial; did Scots have the rights
constitutionally accorded to Englishmen; did they have any
rights? American colonists had the luxury of ignoring such issues
until the 1760s, but the Scottish background must have been very
obvious and it informed not only Revolutionary debates, but
also the Second Amendment to the US Constitution (the right to
bear arms).

Scots law

From the writings of distinguished jurists like Balfour, Craig,
and Skene, Scots were well aware that their law was distinctive
around the Union of the crowns and they were reminded by the
ﬁrst of the great ‘institutional’ or codifying writers, Viscount Stair,
in 1681. Scots consciously based their national identity on their
law, especially in the 18th and 19th centuries. It was not a colonial
imposition, as it was to the Irish, but an indigenous development,
albeit inﬂuenced by continental and English traditions. Scots
adapted and adopted English legal ideas in the Middle Ages.
Scotland had a ‘common law’ – which could be variously
understood as a ius commune, or simply the king’s law that
applied to everyone unless he said otherwise – but not like that of
England. Indeed, the main Renaissance inﬂuence was French,
manifested in the creation of ‘estates’ (representative components)
of parliament, the establishment of the College of Justice in 1532
19

Politics and government

Scotland’s separate parliament was merged with England’s in
1707, but its institutions of education, local government, private
law, and religion were preserved. These included establishments
which allowed opinion to be articulated and decisions to be
reached on a wide range of economic, social, and political issues.
The most important arenas were Scotland’s principal law courts.

(Court of Session), and the education and professionalization of
lawyers.

Scotland

Based on a 15th-century judicial committee, the Lords of Council,
the Court of Session became the supreme civil court by 1560 and,
with a judiciary more secure than in England, a semi-independent,
quasi-political body by 1600. Court of Session judges were (and
still are) honoriﬁc ‘Lords’. This political as well as judicial role
expanded in the 17th century and was consolidated in the 18th,
when the Court of Session can be regarded as one of several
substitutes for a parliament. The others were the Convention of
the Royal Burghs, declining in importance even before 1707, but
not abolished until 1975, and the General Assembly of the Church
of Scotland (the ‘Kirk’), a major annual event whose social and
religious pronouncements, or ‘deliverances’, were widely reported
and which had until the 1980s considerable political impact.
While the Court of Session had inﬂuence after the Union
the House of Lords acted increasingly as an appellate court: by the
1790s, more than one-third of this type of business came from
Scotland. Reform of the Court of Session in 1808 – splitting it and
introducing civil jury trial – marked a signiﬁcant change in Scots
law. Previously understood as part of the law of nature and of
nations, it became largely self-contained. When it came to
social policy (including poor relief and labour relations),
judge-made law of the Court of Session was as important as
parliamentary statute.
Until the 18th century, the highly devolved Scottish state had
extensively delegated criminal justice, even if the components
operated together to enforce order in the monarch’s name. Royal
criminal justice was not fully extended into the localities until the
Justiciary Court was reformed in 1672 and centrally supervised
circuit courts established in 1708. Until the Heritable
Jurisdictions Act came into force in 1748, franchise courts (public
jurisdictions in private hands) were common in Scotland. Charters
20

granted some feudal lords ‘baronies’ or ‘regalities’ (the latter like
English palatinates), each with speciﬁed judicial rights, which in
the case of regalities extended to all but the most serious crimes
reserved for royal courts. Baron courts survived 1748, their limited
functions gradually fading away, but they were only abolished in
1948.

English Sheriffs declined to largely honoriﬁc status from the 16th
century as their Scots equivalent grew in judicial and
administrative importance. Established nationwide in the 13th
century, they were extensively reformed in 1748. They, or more
properly ‘Sheriffs-Depute’, are not only important local agents of
central government, but also the mainstay of the modern judiciary.
Sheriff Courts have civil jurisdiction (unless given by statute to
another court), distinguishing them from English County Courts
(introduced in 1847).
Medieval criminal justice was more about kin and compensation
than crime itself, but from the 16th century Scotland had public
prosecutors called ‘procurators-ﬁscal’ to aid victims or stand in
for the crown. The English relied until the 19th century on private
21

Politics and government

Scotland’s legal system differed from that of England in almost
every regard. Confusingly, legal and administrative ofﬁcials and
bodies with shared names sometimes had different functions and
fortunes. From their introduction in 1609 until very recently,
Scottish Justices of the Peace were more concerned with
administrative matters than judicial; Scotland had coroners, but
they did not investigate sudden deaths like their English
counterparts; the Scottish Exchequer arrived later and was always
a smaller and more limited judicial body than its mighty English
equivalent. Nevertheless, legal ways of thinking permeated social
relationships and activities much more than in the present day,
and law was a more obvious part of the fabric of everyday life.
Much of what we would regard as local government was handled
by the courts.

Scotland

prosecutions. Even when professional police were introduced
in the 19th century, the Scottish criminal justice system, like many
continental countries, remained in the hands of lawyers. Scottish
police only collect information and all subsequent action is
undertaken by a lawyer in the public service. Modern Scotland’s
criminal justice is centred on the Lord Advocate, who supervises
procurators-ﬁscal serving in 49 Sheriff-Court districts and 6
sheriffdoms. The High Court of Justiciary is Scotland’s supreme
criminal court. Nomenclature differs here as well: for example,
manslaughter is known in Scotland as ‘culpable homicide’.
Aspects of Scotland’s historic criminal law look more humane than
English, but this comes from the internal dynamic of the law
rather than from some vague national characteristic, for law is a
social fact that shapes how people think and behave. For example,
imprisonment for debt was less stringently enforced in historic
Scotland than was notorious in Dickensian England, because it
came at the end of the process of bankruptcy or ‘insolvency’, not its
beginning, as creditors had to pay towards support, and because
the debtor could seek release by giving up his assets to trustees for
his creditors. Mounting a criminal prosecution where foul play
was suspected was expensive because it was harder to secure a
conviction. Fines and costs were preferred punishments for many
offences where other judicial systems might have used corporal
sanctions or imprisonment.
Stringent standards of proof meant that one witness was
insufﬁcient to secure conviction. This explains Scotland’s
persistently low rates of prosecution, conviction, and execution
(and transportation pre-1857) prior to the abolition of capital
punishment in Britain in 1965. The execution rate per head of
population during the 19th century was nearly three times higher
in England, Wales, and Ireland than in Scotland. The last public
hanging in Scotland was at Dumfries in 1868 and the last judicial
execution at Aberdeen in 1963. Cost considerations too meant that

22

some aspects of criminal investigation were less rigorously
pursued. Sudden deaths were less likely to be investigated and the
rate of post-mortems in 20th-century Scotland was much lower
than in England.

The history of making and breaking marriage also differed. After
1753, those under 21 could not marry without parental consent in
England. In Scotland, they could (and still can) and Gretna Green
(Dumfries.) became synonymous with clandestine marriages,
which in Scots law did not require a clergyman or civic ofﬁcial
until 1940. All types of marriage conferred the same property
rights on Scottish women, though those with property used
pre-nuptial agreements more extensively than in England prior to
the 19th century. Divorce, which in England required an act of
parliament prior to 1858, was more readily available in Scotland.
Over time the systems converged, but modern Scottish courts
favour ‘clean break’ settlements and the outcome of divorce
proceedings is much easier to predict than in England.
It is often said that English law lent towards providing remedies
and learning from precedents, whereas that of Scotland followed
the continental civil law tradition in being more concerned with

23

Politics and government

Continuing legal differences are also clear in civil law, notably
property transactions. Freehold in the English sense was unusual
in Scotland and was the purest form of feudal tenure, held from
the crown. Most owner-occupiers were called ‘feuars’, a feu or fee
farm being a perpetual lease granted in exchange for a large ﬁxed
sum and (usually much smaller) subsequent annual payments.
Until 2004, most homeowners still had to pay an annual ‘feu duty’.
Flats or apartments in England are mostly leasehold because
someone has to own the ground rent; in Scotland a ﬂat has the
same ownership standing as a house. Binding contracts in Scottish
property transactions are exchanged between lawyers acting for
the parties at a much earlier stage than in England.

Scotland

underlying rights or principles (syllogisms) when deciding on
particular instances. Yet over time Scots and English law have
converged in both theory and practice, showing the continued
interplay of legal inﬂuences that began in the Middle Ages.
In the 20th century, Scots law inﬂuenced English solutions as
much as vice versa, notably in the English adoption of Scottish
ideas of culpa (delict) or ‘duty of care’ in civil suits (1932) and
‘diminished responsibility’ in criminal trials (1957); the Scots law
of marital rape was also exported to England (1991). Legal aid
came late to England (1940s) and was based on a modiﬁed version
of the defence counsel appointed for poor Scots since the 16th
century.
Differences remain. Scots lawyers still allow a limited principle of
desuetude – laws may fall into disuse because of changes in the
overall context of the law – and indeed, Scots law’s pervasive
ﬂexibility, founded on general understandings of what is right and
wrong, is a further source of strength. Mindful of the value of
Scottish legal inspiration, those who sat on the important Scottish
Law Commission (1964– ) sought to harmonize Scotland’s laws
with others in the United Kingdom rather than to assimilate them
to an English model. When the House of Lords recommended
England have a new deﬁnition of murder in 1989, it found
Scotland’s to need no tinkering.
Other strengths of the Scottish legal tradition include: the fusion
of law and equity (divided in England until the establishment of
the High Court in 1873, itself modelled on the Court of Session);
the enduring value of 17th- and 18th-century ‘institutes’ or
codiﬁcations of law’s principles; and the robust body of case law,
summarized for the civil law in Morison’s Dictionary of Decisions
at the Court of Session (1811– ) and then the ‘Session Cases’
(1841– ), together the nearest equivalent of the English Reports.
The new frontier is handling European Union law, but Scotland’s
legal history had made this easier than it is for English common
lawyers.
24

Liberalism, Socialism, and Conservatism
Scotland’s pre-1707 parliament had been profoundly
undemocratic, ‘representative’ only in an oligarchic sense. The
post-1707 franchise was no different. Scotland in the 18th century
was effectively managed, with little interference from London, by
a system of aristocratic patronage, making its own place in the
British state. An apparent political consensus was created and
maintained.

There were political tensions too. Even before mass
enfranchisement, local decisions were made and local ofﬁces held
by members of an informed and concerned local public, whether
in a 16th-century rural ‘birlaw’ court (where adult males made
decisions pertaining to farming and the communal good), a
17th-century ‘Kirk Session’ (like an English select vestry – see
Chapter 2), an 18th-century craft incorporation (guild), or a
19th-century social club or trades union. These democratic and
participative institutions sat uneasily with oligarchic town
councils pre-1833 and with aristocratic power in the counties until
it was weakened by franchise reform in the 1860s and after, and by
25

Politics and government

Yet there were many undercurrents of instability. For one thing,
differences in the way Scots and English law was implemented
undercut the coherence of the British state. In the sphere of
religion, Scots were far from ready for early (and apparently
enlightened) efforts by the London government to offer Catholics
relief from discriminatory legislation. There were ‘no popery’ riots
at Edinburgh and Glasgow in 1779. The vague notion of shared
British Protestantism itself sat awkwardly with the deep
differences in outlook of its many competing sects – divisions that
only widened with recurrent fragmentation of Scottish
Presbyterianism in the 18th and 19th centuries (Chapter 2).
Religious divisions were as much about different social visions as
about theology and church government, signalling a further
ﬁssure.

Scotland

2. From remote islands like St Kilda to the major cities, Scots took
communal responsibilities seriously

the creation of representative county councils in 1889. Rapid
urbanization too outdated political structures designed for an
overwhelmingly rural society with towns of a few hundred people.
Until 1832, Scotland’s parliamentary franchise was far more
restricted than in England and this provoked a rising tide of
middle-class protest. The Scottish electorate was 0.2% of the
population, compared with 4% in England, and the burgh
franchise was conﬁned to co-opted town councils: Edinburgh’s
MP at the British parliament in London was elected by just 33
men. The 1832 Reform Act revolutionized the Scottish franchise.
The electorate in England increased by 80% from the pre-1832
ﬁgure, but in Scotland the change was 1,400%, with 13% of
Scotland’s adult male population then enfranchised. By 1867, the
proportion of males able to vote was approximately equal in
Scotland and England at about one-third, and in 1884 the
franchise was homogenized across Britain. Yet live-in servants and
sons, soldiers in barracks, and those who did not pay rates had no
26

vote: ‘no representation without taxation’. In all, 40% of adult
males were still unregistered in 1911. Women had to wait until
1918 before they too could vote.
Convergence in the franchise disguises the parallel but quite
distinct political histories of Scotland and England. Notable is the
enduring strength in Scotland of Liberalism from 1832 to 1914,
epitomized in British Prime Minister Gladstone’s Midlothian
Campaign speeches (1879); England was more consistently
Conservative. Liberalism came out of the Protestant,
constitutionalist, legalist political tendency that had started in the
late 17th century as ‘Whig’. Its 19th-century political keynotes were
democracy, egalitarianism, and nationalism, but it also stood for
free trade, self-help, temperance, and improvement through
education.

27

Politics and government

Additionally, the Union of 1707 allowed for Scottish control over
major social establishments: the law, the church, and education.
These peculiarly Scottish institutions provided a continuing basis
for dual allegiances within a ‘unionist nationalism’ that was
strengthened by making the Lord Advocate responsible for
Scottish legislation between 1832 and 1885, when the job passed
to the re-instituted Secretary for Scotland. The founding of the
Scottish Ofﬁce in 1885 offered an administratively devolved
solution to resurgent nationalist feeling, channelling it into
existing British political structures and a Unionist framework.
Developing considerable power, the head of the Scottish Ofﬁce
was upgraded to ‘Secretary of State for Scotland’ with Cabinet
status in 1926, a post that reached its apogee with Tom Johnston
(1941–5), a politician of great vision and ability who established
the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board in 1943 and
persuaded Churchill to create a Scottish Council of State and a
Council of Industry. In his time, the Beveridge Report (1942)
committed Britain to a welfare state. Prior to 1999, the Scottish
Ofﬁce supervised most government departments in Scotland and
most of its functions are now exercised by the Scottish Executive.

Scotland

Local government too was greatly altered in the 19th century,
allowing more direct participation by more voters. Reformed
burgh councils (1833) acted as a focus of local and regional
independence. In Scotland’s cities, local government was made up
of private citizens elected by their peers to part-time, ﬁxed-term
public positions in which they were directly responsible to fellow
residents. Cities were governed by uniquely Scottish ‘police
commissions’ of 18 to 36 economically independent men, which
had tax-raising powers and which dealt with a wider remit of
environment, health, and order than what is now described as
‘police’ (constabulary). ‘Police’ in the 19th century really meant
‘social policy’, covering health, roads, cleansing, lighting, sewage
(including the provision of public conveniences), water and gas,
slaughterhouses, and a ﬁre service – to name but a few – all
supervised by local Sheriffs-Depute.
Diverse local publics conducted vigorous debates about local
government in 19th-century Scotland as part of widespread
participation in civil society. Seen as the arena of optional,
collective action around shared values and ends, civil society
possesses many spaces, actors, and institutional forms, varying in
their degree of formality, autonomy, and power, which mediate
between ‘public’ and ‘private’, between state and family. Within
civil society there was a shared acknowledgement of the legitimate
claims of all its members as individuals and groups. The basis lay
in Christian charity, understood as mutual regard or amity and
peace rather than simple benevolence. Onto this were grafted
Renaissance ideas of civic humanism that also stressed shared
obligations in pursuit of a ‘common wealth’.
Part of the reason for the importance of civil society is that
Scotland lacked a ‘state tradition’ like England’s, its people deeply
rooted in voluntarism and unused, even in the 19th century, to
rule by bureaucrats closely controlled by central government.
More than in England, the political system depended on local
magistrates and representatives, with administrators who
28

answered locally more than centrally. Policy was made from the
bottom up by ﬁgures like urban Medical Ofﬁcers of Health, who
enjoyed considerable independent powers, yet whose work was
ﬁrmly based on an ethos of public service. Even before reform of
county government in 1889, there were opportunities for lay
participation in important decision making, notably in the elected
school boards created in 1873, and membership of the education
authorities that succeeded them from 1918–29 included women
for the ﬁrst time.

The essentially local focus to political and social life is also clear in
British lawmaking on Scotland. After the Union, legislation had to
be designated ‘(Scotland)’ before ‘Act’ or it did not apply there. The
total volume of Scottish legislation dropped by 85% after 1707,
though local legislation declined by only 30%, showing that
Scotland’s representatives used their time on issues affecting
particular towns or districts – and kept distinctively Scottish law
and religion out of the British parliament. Only in the ﬁeld of
economic policy did they continue attempts by the Scottish
29

Politics and government

Scotland’s civil society traditionally had ﬁscal mechanisms to
realize its goals. Burghs were ﬁnancially ﬂexible, empowered to
respond to changing needs by legislation enabling them to
charge additional levies on, for example, the sale of beer. Acts
hypothecated the taxation to speciﬁed ends: Greenock built its
new harbour in the mid-18th century using beer money and
Edinburgh, among other things, to build churches and to fund
its university’s chair of law. Many towns too had corporate
endowments and incomes, known as the ‘Common Good’, which
they were legally obliged to use on collective necessities. This
delivered a social dividend in the promotion of a wide spectrum of
both private activities and public interests ranging from clubs and
welfare projects to civic histories and buildings. The importance
of family, community, and locality that this focus implied is
preserved in gravestone inscriptions from across 18th- and
19th-century Scotland.

Scotland

parliament to foster national growth: for example, protection and
bounties for the linen industry from the 1740s.
Much political activity was local, but there were national
developments too. Though early 19th-century political change
was driven by the middle classes, working people became more
coherently political over the century. A tradition of working-class
self-help that saw, for example, the Cooperative Women’s Guild
founded in 1892, crystallized in the formation of organized
political parties. James Keir Hardie, a miner, founded the
Scottish Labour Party in 1888, which merged with the English
Independent Labour Party in 1893. Helped by franchise reform
and Liberalism fatally divided over Ireland, 29 Labour MPs were
elected for Scotland in 1922 (of 72 Scottish seats) and James
Ramsay MacDonald from Lossiemouth (Morays.) became Britain’s
ﬁrst Labour Prime Minister, in 1924. He tried to make his party
more moderate and acceptable to a middle class frightened
by the emergence of focused working-class politics, heading a
neo-Conservative administration 1929–35, but was expelled from
his party in 1931.
The 1922 successes helped give Scotland a name for socialism,
but this was simply one late version of an older Scottish radical
tradition. The 19th-century political complexion was Whig or,
from c. 1859, Liberal, and the Labour Party came out of ethical,
left-wing Liberalism rather than Marxism. These radical ideas
are conventionally attributed to the inﬂuence of the American
and French Revolutions and were signalled in 1790s, 1820s, and
1840s radicalism. In fact, working-class protest and broader
theories of resistance to unjust rule, deriving from both secular
ideas and religious egalitarianism, long predated these modern
revolutions. Scottish ideas informed the world’s great revolutions.
Organized labour stood out against capitalistic exploitation and
poor living standards, with Glasgow people mounting successful
Rent Strikes during World War I. However, true socialists like
30

John MacLean, Marxist opponent of the war and apparent
promoter of a Bolshevik revolution in Glasgow, were less
important in their day than as later icons. Indeed, a left-leaning
tradition represents the mainstream in modern Scottish politics
better than, for example, the truly ‘red’ Scottish Socialist Party.

The Conservatives had 36 Scottish seats in 1910 and 1955,
when they got more than half the Scottish vote (they did less
well in between), and only began a secular decline with the
growth of nationalism in the 1960s and 1970s and then the
emergence of a refocused, rebranded Labour Party (‘New Labour’)
in the 1990s. The fastest rate of electoral decline was during
Edward Heath’s premiership (1970–4), for as well as presiding
over severe economic problems, Heath seemed to personify the
unfortunate blend of patronizing arrogance and blithe
indifference that Scots long felt the English showed them. Yet it
was the years of Margaret Thatcher (1979–90) and John Major
(1990–7) that killed support for Conservatism in Scotland all but
stone dead. The electorate started dismantling it in 1987, and by
the 1997 general election Scotland (and Wales) returned not a
31

Politics and government

Whatever its reputation for socialism and bad industrial relations,
20th-century Scotland was as much Conservative and Unionist,
a link created in 1886 when Liberal Unionists split from
mainstream Liberals to ally with Conservatives over Gladstone’s
unsuccessful attempt to promote Irish Home Rule (devolved
self-government within the UK). Indeed, Unionism dominated
20th-century Scottish politics, rooted in long-established and
deeply felt loyalty to empire and the houses of Hanover and
Wettin or Saxe-Coburg-Gotha (which changed its name to
Windsor in 1917). Conservatives won a majority of Scottish seats in
the ﬁrst general election of the 20th century on a tide of Boer War
patriotism; between 1910 and 1918, they increased their Scottish
seats from 7 to 32. During the 1920s, the Liberals faded badly,
creating the two-party system (Conservative/Labour) that
dominated 20th-century British politics.

Scotland

3. Scotland has had a reputation for left-wing politics since the
Victorian era

single Conservative MP. In 2008, only one of 59 MPs for Scotland
was Conservative.

Nationalism
Scottish Conservatives have since 1965 formally been called ‘The
Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party’. Behind lip-service to
Scottish nationalism, Labour too favoured Union, explicitly so
after 1958, and the driving force behind modern devolution has
been the Scottish National Party or SNP (so called from 1934).
Originating as the National Party of Scotland in 1928, it helped to
get the Scottish Ofﬁce relocated to St Andrew’s House, Edinburgh,
in 1939, but that was an empty gesture by Unionists and the
SNP’s ﬁrst major success was winning the parliamentary seat of
Hamilton from Labour in 1967. During the 1970s, it became an
important force, taking Glasgow Govan in 1973 and winning

32

one-third of the vote in the 1974 general election by making the
acute problems of international capitalism into nationalist issues.
To the failure of Upper Clyde Shipbuilders and the fallout from the
1973–4 oil crisis, the SNP added the emotive issue of who
beneﬁted from the newly exploited oil riches of the North Sea
(Texas more than Scotland, as it turned out).
SNP presence kept the London government on its toes, securing
funding for social infrastructure and employment projects
(spending on Scotland was 20% higher than the UK average), yet
it failed to deliver independence, partly thanks to a referendum
loaded by the Labour government in 1979. The terms stipulated
that 40% of the total electorate had to vote ‘yes’ – hardly likely
when few 20th-century British governments had been elected by
that many.

Real open-market capitalism razed what remained of Scottish
industry, leading to 15% unemployment and many high-proﬁle
collapses – steel at Gartcosh, car-making at Linwood, aluminium
at Invergordon – while major employers like British Gas and
British Telecom slashed jobs. Faith in the state waned and
people came to recognize that it was best to deal directly with
multi-national capital – and the increasingly important European
Economic Community (now the EU), as the Irish were doing.

33

Politics and government

Scottish devolution happened in 1999 for both negative and
positive reasons. There was a reaction against the social and
economic policies associated with Margaret Thatcher and John
Major. The hugely divisive miners’ strike of 1984 deeply alienated
Scots. This was compounded by the disastrous community charge
or ‘poll tax’ experiment, introduced a year earlier in Scotland than
England (1988) at the instigation of the Tory Scottish Secretary,
George Younger. Scots felt their assets were being stripped: not
just oil, but ﬂagship companies like United Distillers, taken over in
murky circumstances by Guinness in 1986.

Scotland

But there was principle involved too. Scottish support for the
Conservatives grew at the 1979 general election, as people wanted
stability – prosperity too, and they were as happy as the English to
buy their council houses – but ‘New Right’ Conservatism went
head-on with the ethical, socially democratic ideals that had
underlain Scottish society for centuries. Using long-established
voluntary associations bolstered by the electronic information and
communications revolutions, Scots rediscovered their civil society.
It is these ideals and associations that currently underpin the
success of Scottish devolution.
On 1 July 1999, the Scottish parliament demerged – or perhaps
resumed or re-opened in some opinions. In the half century before
it was subsumed in 1707, it produced two-thirds of all legislation
in Britain, but three-quarters of the acts were ‘private’. Scots
valued their pre-1707 parliament, an assembly that mediated
between the crown and certain vested sectional interests (prelates,
royal burgh commissioners, and nobility, for there was no second
chamber). Yet it was never to them what the London parliament
was to the English: the pulse of the nation’s being and a prized
guardian of the interests of all. The idea that customary rights and
parliamentary sovereignty constrained lords and kings and thus
protected ‘liberty’ had a profound constitutional dimension for the
English and was at the heart of documents like Magna Carta
(1215), the Petition of Right (1628), and the Bill of Rights (1689).
With nothing like as insistent and intrusive a crown, Scots had had
no need for a Magna Carta, even if Alexander II lent his support to
the northern English barons who pressed for restraints on the
crown, and even if the charter’s protections were extended to the
Scots (in its statute version it did not apply to Wales or Scotland).
And in the Declaration of Arbroath is a dark hint that, should the
king fail to protect his subjects, they could legitimately depose him
in favour of a better defender and, before and after this, guardians
of the realm could legitimately stand in for weak kings, even

34

adults. William Wallace was a guardian. Later the Scots nobility,
underpinned partly by such ancient ideas of power-sharing to
maintain good governance and partly by more modern religious
ones of resistance to tyrants, showed how ruthless they could be in
sidelining those who displeased them – like Mary, Charles I, and
(for a time) Charles II (see Chapter 2).

Today, fewer than two-ﬁfths of voters support independence and
pro-Union parties are numerically ascendant at Westminster and
at Holyrood (the new Scottish parliament building in Edinburgh
is next to the medieval royal palace of that name). Only 7 of
59 Scottish MPs at Westminster are SNP. Yet independence is not
a dead issue. Scotland in 2008 has an SNP First Minister, Alex
Salmond (the title of Prime Minister is reserved for the United
Kingdom), and 47 of 129 MSPs (members of the Scottish
parliament) are SNP. The SNP presently espouses a mature,
reﬂective, constructive, and broadly based civic nationalism,
mercifully removed from the tartan tub-thumping of the 1970s,
when much of its support was a protest vote. It may be a good
thing that devolution did not go ahead in 1979 for the atmosphere
was far more negative, and perhaps less realistic, than two decades
later.

35

Politics and government

In fact, the modern parliament with which Scotland is furnished
(and of which it is so justiﬁably proud) is a reproduction in the
English style rather than a restoration of an antique – and better
for it, showing how three centuries of Union have changed how
Scots think of representation. Yet Scotland’s parliament has only
one chamber, as it did pre-1707, and it also demonstrates the
power of creative adaptation by using European proportional
representation rather than the ﬁrst-past-the-post British
parliamentary system when electing members. Its tone is more
intimate, informal, and constructively confrontational than the
bear pit at Westminster (as the British parliament is usually
called).

Scotland

4. The re-opening of the Scottish Parliament, 1999. Looking east, we
see the procession up Edinburgh’s High Street

36

Since 1975 local government’s corporate voice has been the
‘Convention of Scottish Local Authorities’ or COSLA, speaking for
1,222 elected representatives in 32 local authorities. Institutions
of civil society also offer channels for representation and
participation in political as well as social and cultural processes:
most important are the Church of Scotland, the Scottish Trades
Unions Congress, and the Scottish Council for Voluntary
Organisations.

One important anomaly remains. Scotland is represented twice in
the UK, by MSPs at Holyrood and MPs at Westminster (as well as
7 MEPs in Europe). This is a compromise necessary to maintain
Union, but unpopular with the English, who resent Scots MPs
voting on issues that affect only England, while their English
counterparts cannot vote on the same matters in Scotland. Some
English also complain that they subsidize Scotland, despite the
problems in identifying who generates wealth and who owns
resources. Better than bickering over where money comes from
is to look at the uses to which it is put, where the Scottish
parliament’s policies on healthcare and education (among others)
offer a ﬁne example.

37

Politics and government

Modern Scotland is not fully independent. The Scottish Executive
makes and implements policy on ‘devolved matters’ like economy,
environment, housing, transport, and law and order, issues on
which the Scottish Parliament can make laws. However,
Parliament can only debate, but not legislate on, ‘reserved matters’
like defence or any aspect of foreign policy, including formal
relationships with the EU. These are for Westminster alone.

Chapter 2
Religion

Pre-Christian belief
Christianity probably came to Scotland with the Romans in the
2nd century AD, but it did not enter a spiritual vacuum. Standing
stones like those at Callanish (Lewis) or the chambered tomb of
Maes Howe (Orkney), both dating to the time of the pyramids of
Egypt (c. 3000–2000 BC), show a sophisticated society that could
organize labour, extract surplus to support religious and secular
elites, and mount elaborate (if now obscure) rituals based on
mathematically precise astronomical alignments. The landscape
of southern and eastern Scotland is full of lesser ‘barrow’ (earth)
or ‘cairn’ (stone) burials that suggest a reverence for ancestors and
possibly also acted as markers of family or tribal lands. More
humbly, the drink-ﬁlled beakers buried with the dead similarly
suggest that Stone Age people had a view of the afterlife and thus a
religion; they also started burying people individually c. 2500 BC.
Mummiﬁed and manipulated Bronze Age bodies on South Uist
(Outer Hebrides) also show awareness of an afterlife and a highly
developed notion of ancestry. Iron Age people saw metalworking
as supernatural, blended with offerings, feasting, and possibly also
human sacriﬁce as an aid to prophecy (Minehowe, Orkney). How
they saw religion affecting the living is unclear, for most of what is
known of life comes from the more permanent monuments to and
observances surrounding the dead, though standing stones, ﬁre
38

pits, and occasional ﬁndings of fertility symbols suggest concern
with cycles of regeneration.

The early church

Yet even within Augustine’s vision of a universal church, there
were distinct branches from the 7th century, marked among other
things by bitter disputes over the date of Easter. Scotland was
initially linked to St Columba then to St Peter in the 8th century,
thanks to a closer association with Northumbria. Ultimately,
Celtic Christianity was more inﬂuential than Roman with the
success of St Andrew from the 9th century. After the Synod of
Whitby (664), Northumbria tended towards St Peter, patron saint
of the archbishopric of York. The association between St Cuthbert,
Lindisfarne, and the West Saxon kings was cemented by the
establishment of a shrine at Durham in 995, which gave a potent
religious meaning to ‘English’ rule that was reinforced by lavish
39

Religion

The spread of Christianity from the Lowland Britons and the
Irish Scots to the Picts, begun by shadowy missionaries in the
early 5th century, was continued by the more certain ﬁgure of
St Columba (6th century). One thing that is clear from the
intricately carved, if mysterious, Pictish standing stones of c. 700
to c. 900, found from Strathearn (Perths.) up the east coast to
Caithness, is that they represent not secular imagery or pagan
idolatry, but a rendition of Christian symbols derived from texts
and illuminated manuscripts. Sophisticated in realization and full
of meaning, these stones (and metalwork in the same style) mark
the integration of the Picts into mainstream Christian Europe.
They manifested a powerful visual theology most famously
exempliﬁed in the Lindisfarne Gospels of c. 700, showing the rich
mixture of Celtic, Anglo-Saxon, and Roman elements of
Northumbrian Christianity; the Irish Book of Kells (c. 800); and
the 10th-century Book of Deer, an illuminated gospel compiled on
an Irish model by monks at Deer (Aberdeens.; founded c. 600)
with later Gaelic marginalia.

Scotland

5. This outstanding ‘high cross’ on Islay, topped by a virgin and child,
represents a fusion of the different types of Christianity found across
northern Britain and Ireland

40

gifts of land and privileges to the bishop of what became the
Palatinate of Durham. With defeat at Carham (1018), both the
religious and political focus of Northumbria shifted south.

Kings, aristocracies, and senior churchmen were closely allied
(sometimes kin), trading political protection and advancement of
a cult for spiritual legitimation of a ruler. St Andrew’s was a
minority cult, possibly imported from the Northumbrian monastic
centre at Hexham to St Andrews (Fife) before being promoted to
near-national status by a 9th-century Pictish king, a development
commemorated in the ‘Forteviot Arch’ from the ancient Pictish
capital in Perthshire. Ancient churches stood or fell as royal
churches, and between c. 800 and 1100 their economic needs were

41

Religion

(Saint) Margaret, Malcolm III’s English wife and a political
heavyweight in her own right (d. 1093; canonized 1251), helped
further to homogenize Scottish religious practices and extend
ecclesiastical administration. Parishes emerged from c. 1100,
and long before there was a ‘state’, there was a Church hierarchy
and government that helped to unify Scotland, albeit within a
supra-national Church. It was not until the reign of James VI
that civil bureaucracy equalled ecclesiastical. A British (or even
pan-European) religious identity coalesced around the ﬂourishing
monastic tradition begun in Scotland by Columba, though
important early monasteries like Dunkeld were usually royal
foundations (unlike Ireland). Monastic growth in alliance with
secular powers culminated in the great Benedictine and Cistercian
abbeys that spread as far north as Kinloss and Pluscarden
(Morays.) and as far west as Iona in the 12th century, mighty
institutions with political, economic, administrative, and cultural
signiﬁcance as well as religious. Again, two-thirds were crown
foundations: like contemporary castles, they were handles
used to possess regions. From 1192, the papacy supported the
independence of the Scottish Church (its ‘special daughter’) when
Welsh dioceses were still dependent on Canterbury.

subordinated to kings who had to combat the Norsemen. Yet the
bond survived. In the 12th century, the crown supported the
church over the collection of tithes from often reluctant laymen.
Over time, monarchs continued the successful alliance with the
Church, begun in the Dark Ages, by identifying themselves with
regional saints like Ninian (Galloway) or Duthac (Ross), a process
that enhanced their national authority and legitimacy while also
signalling a respect for provincial interests that lay at the heart of
political achievements.

Scotland

Medieval Catholicism
Late medieval religion was comfortable blending elements of
Christianity and paganism in a rich visual tapestry. The
astonishing 15th-century Roslin, or Rosslyn, chapel (a ‘collegiate’
church, founded by the powerful Sinclair family, in Midlothian) is
festooned with carvings that range from conventional depictions
like the cruciﬁxion or the seven virtues and deadly sins to more
surprising images that include multiple representations of the
‘green man’, a pagan fertility symbol, and even an angel playing the
bagpipes. Belief in spirits was a part of popular religion. Following
Celtic tradition, Scottish fairies could be male or female (English
were always female) and they had no monarch. Fairy beliefs were
often linked to marginal or dangerous features of the landscape,
and the Loch Ness ‘monster’ is simply an example of a malignant
water spirit, or ‘kelpie’, eager to drag people into its abode. The
association with a corporeal aquatic creature originated in a 1933
newspaper report that caught the English imagination and,
discreetly managed, blossomed into an enduring tourist
generator.
Celtic veneration of water was given sanction by early Christian
missionaries who blessed ‘holy’ wells and springs, of which there
were more than 600 on the eve of the Reformation. Christianity
ﬂourished in Scotland because it dovetailed its message with
existing belief systems. Another example is the start of the
42

pre-Christian year, Samhuinn (31 October), turned into a festival
of the dead by the early church. Later travellers in the Highlands
and Islands wrote of second sight and of the monitory power of
dreams.

There were undeniably structural problems with the late medieval
Church in Scotland: its wealth was channelled into noble pockets
or those of the clerical elite; funds that might have gone to boost
parochial services went instead towards building lavish chapels for
the upper classes; monasteries were usually presided over by
‘commendators’, or non-monastic sons of the nobility. Yet these
were not the reasons for the Reformation. Resembling a large
business, the Church had extensive secular involvement and an
important political dimension, but that did not necessarily harm
its spiritual functions or charitable role. Indeed, most people
before 1559 thought that the Catholic Church would regenerate
from within – as it had begun to do across Europe since 1545
under the guidance of the Council of Trent (the ﬁrst Scottish
reforming council was in 1549). Yet within a few years, a church
that had thrived for a millennium was swept away.
43

Religion

The late medieval Scottish Church was a successful and resolutely
independent part of Christendom. Indeed, the vitality of late
medieval religion suggests the Protestant Reformation of 1560
was far from inevitable. There is no evidence that the Scottish
Church was any worse than it had been or that it was any less
spiritually effective than elsewhere in Europe. On the contrary, it
was pious and popular. Evidence of religious vitality includes:
collegiate churches like Lincluden (Kirkcudbrights.), remodelled
in the early 15th century, and the Magdalen Chapel in Edinburgh’s
Cowgate (endowed just before the Reformation); confraternities
(often the worshipping arm of the new urban craft incorporations
of the Renaissance – like the metalworkers who took over the
Magdalen Chapel); pilgrimages; and dramaturgy. Support for
heretics (opponents of Church teachings) was minimal and
effectively suppressed.

Reformation

Scotland

Scotland’s Protestant Reformation resembled England’s in being
politically initiated and in only slowly winning the hearts and
minds of the people, but there the similarity ends. England’s
Reformation was made by a strong crown for political (mostly
dynastic) reasons. Its theology was a mild, middle-of-the-road,
modiﬁed Lutheranism, a religion of German origin which stressed
salvation through the believer’s faith and which was not that
distinct from Catholicism.
Scotland’s reformed theology was Calvinist, a strict creed born in
Geneva (Switzerland) that stressed God’s power over salvation and
the duties of his people in life. Scotland’s Reformation was forged
by revolutionary, anti-French Protestant nobles (with English
political and military help) and an anglophile Calvinist ministry
(Knox himself had long lived in England). Together nobles and
pastors took advantage of weakened monarchy to establish a
radical Kirk that itself gradually became a potent political force
and an active agent of social change.
Changing religious policies in England made its Reformation
ebb and ﬂow between c. 1530 and c. 1660, whereas in Scotland
the adoption in August 1560 of a Protestant Confession of Faith
and the ending of Mass and the authority of the pope was decisive,
with radical elements pushing strongly from the outset for
Calvinist theology and Presbyterian church-government. Even
taking a slightly broader view, the ‘political’ Reformation was
accomplished between 1557 and 1567. However, the search to
secure and broaden it had explosive political implications in the
longer term.
From exile, Knox was able in the mid-1550s to rally support in
areas with Protestant cells (Lothians, Fife, Ayrshire, and Angus)
and to make political contacts with sympathetic nobles disaffected
by French dominance of Scottish foreign policy and domestic
44

political life. In 1559, his ﬁery preaching triggered a rebellion
against Queen Mary based on a potent mix of Protestantism and
patriotism. Yet, against a background of uncertainty and civil war
in the 1560s and 1570s, Protestantism spread slowly outside
certain towns like Edinburgh, Perth, and St Andrews, and a
‘people’s Reformation’, comprising broadly based acceptance and
promotion of Protestantism in countryside as well as town, did not
come until the 1620s. By then, James VI/I (Protestant, but a
hierarch to the core) had reintroduced bishops (1610). They had
been suspended in favour of Presbyterian organization in 1592,
but were not abolished and the Kirk remained one of the estates of
parliament. Thereafter Kirk Sessions and Presbyteries were
established nationwide.

The theology of the reformed Church of Scotland also differed
from the tepid Lutheranism of the Tudor Church of England and
its crypto-Catholic manifestations under the Stewarts. It was
Calvinist in dogma (the English called this tendency in their
45

Religion

Presbyterian church government is participative (perhaps even
democratic) in its organization. Parish Kirk Sessions comprising
minister and co-opted lay elders send delegates to Presbyteries
who are in turn represented at Synods, with a General Assembly at
the top. The head of the Church of England has been the monarch
since Henry VIII (1509–47). In contrast, the temporary chair of
the Church of Scotland was and is an elected ofﬁcial called the
Moderator of the General Assembly. While represented by an
observer, the Lord High Commissioner, the monarch has the
status of an ordinary member and, if in attendance, comes as an
invited guest (though for a time after 1584 royal supremacy was
asserted). Prior to 1690, Scottish church organization ﬂuctuated
with politics: episcopacy 1584–92, 1610–38, 1661–90, presbytery
in between, though bishops and presbyteries co-existed. Politically,
the Church of Scotland could not be more different from the
Church of England, which classed Presbyterianism as a branch of
religious ‘Dissent’.

Scotland

church ‘Puritan’), a more austere set of beliefs marked by
simplicity in church furniture and in observances that focused on
the ministry of God’s Word. Communion, the only sacrament in
the Church of Scotland, was taken infrequently and there were
many other differences. Scots Calvinists, for example, frowned on
funeral services (not ofﬁcially sanctioned by the Kirk until 1897).
Most distinctively, Calvinists believe in predestination: people are
born among the elect (who will be saved) or the reprobates (who
will be damned); though they cannot know which and cannot alter
their destiny, they must strive in their lives to glorify God and to be
worthy of his grace.
Socially too Calvinism’s impact was different. The received image
of post-Reformation Scotland is grim and joyless, with moral
discipline and Sabbath enforcement eliminating festivities
associated with Christmas, Easter and saints’ days. Yet initiatives
to keep Sunday special actually originated in the 11th century.
Even after the Reformation, popular revelry persisted in the face
of ofﬁcial disapproval. The baxters (bakers) of a Calvinist
stronghold like Perth continued with the celebration of their
patron saint’s day; Yuletide (a thoroughly pagan festival) still gave
rise to several weeks of merry-making; and the traditional May
and midsummer feasting continued into the 1620s, when the
elders of the church effectively introduced toleration of these
practices in exchange for a ﬁne, which amounted to a tax on
entertainment for the beneﬁt of the poor. Austere Calvinist burial
observances too were tempered by conventional practices.
In short, the Reformation did not create a ‘dour’ (dull) land, but
accommodated aspects of popular festivities to Calvinist
sensibilities in a search to reﬁne faith, discipline, and order.
Indeed, like early Christianity, its success depended on
compromising with existing forms and beliefs to create a new
and diverse Protestant culture of seasonal observances, ritual,
costume, festival, and song.

46

There is a darker side to the triumph of Calvinism, for one way the
Kirk established itself was by participating in witch-hunting in the
century after c. 1590. The witch craze in Scotland threw up twelve
times more executions per capita than in England and only
Germany had more intense persecutions. Torture was unusual in
Scottish trials and was closely controlled by the central judiciary.
Witch hunting was not directly woman hunting, but most accused
and executed were female because it was believed they were ‘the
weaker vessel’, more susceptible to the Devil’s wiles. The last witch
was executed as late as 1727.

Religion and politics after the Reformation

To defend and promote itself, the Kirk formed a powerful,
determined, and well-organized lobby set on ‘reforming the
reformation’. However, it was divided between two wings. One
led by intellectual Andrew Melville (1545–1622) was Calvinist,
clerical, keen on the ‘imposition of godliness’, and wary of the
crown. James VI’s tutor, George Buchanan (1506–82), was
47

Religion

The Kirk’s sometimes hesitant and irregular progress was partly
because it had to make accommodations with popular attitudes
and partly because it depended for its existence on politics. Its
early dependence was material. England’s Reformation was made
by Henry VIII and he got most of the immediate economic and
patronage advantage from dissolving the monasteries in the
1530s. James V too exploited the rights the pope gave him to
nominate to vacant prelacies and to acquire the assets of six
abbeys for his illegitimate sons; he also taxed the church heavily,
but went no further. John Knox hoped the spoils of the church
would build a reformed commonwealth, but after a Reformation
made by nobles ecclesiastical wealth went largely to nobles. Some
of their descendants still own former church lands today, when the
Church of Scotland is far less signiﬁcant as a landowner than is
the Church of England.

another of its leading lights: he thought supreme authority
resided not in the king, but in the General Assembly of the Kirk.
The other was a state-dominated, anti-clerical, theologically more
diffuse wing. All in all, it was a truly radical Reformation. At the
time of the Union of the Crowns, some hoped the peoples of
Scotland and England would, like the tribes of Israel, ‘hold one
worship of God, and go up to Jerusalem together’, but this was
never likely.

Scotland

The Kirk gradually eroded traditional social relationships by
taking on the care of the poor and by creating a network of courts
to discipline local communities. The victims in the process were
kinship and lordship. The Kirk contributed from the mid-17th
century, when its power was at its height, to the developing idea of
a public authority in the land. Yet along the way it could just as
easily be at odds with secular powers and it was not until 1690
that the Kirk became the Church of Scotland ‘by law established’.
One reason why the Kirk sat awkwardly with political
establishments lay in the idea of ‘covenanting’. Medieval Scots
greatly valued the practice of ‘bonding’, a formal and public
compact between men to demonstrate personal and political
loyalty. John Knox transferred this into the religious sphere as a
‘covenant’ or ‘league and covenant’: a bond or even a contract
where God’s people upheld his word against all comers in
exchange for His grace and salvation. Joining together in these
bonds, called covenanting, put participants or ‘Covenanters’ above
conventional worldly authority. It was the most politically radical
aspect of the Scottish Reformation, with profound implications for
all of Britain.
Just how radical it was became clear in the 1630s. James VI was
an outstanding king of Scots and (as James I) a good king of
England, managing to contain the implications of the two separate
Reformations. Charles I lacked his father’s political sense and
brought them on a collision course. He went through two
48

coronations, one at Westminster in 1626, another at Holyrood in
1633. The Scots were a bit hazy on what an adult monarch should
do at a coronation, not having seen one since 1406. Charles
improvised and knelt ceremoniously. An apparently trivial detail,
this was a calculated statement about a British monarchical
church and not some ghastly mistake, for it was reminiscent of the
way Anglicans (and strictly also Scots since 1617/18) had to kneel
for communion. More, Charles had his bishops decked out in what
looked like Catholic vestments and he wore perfume and balm,
adding smells to the bells shipped in for the occasion (Calvinists
frowned on such sensual trappings).

The period between 1637–8 and 1651 showed the problems of
creating a composite monarchy out of a dynastic agglomerate
of England and Wales, Scotland and Ireland, as well as the
insuperable difﬁculties in reconciling Reformations whose
trajectories were so different. The Church of England was
comprehensive, but necessarily contained compromises and
ambiguities. The Kirk aimed to encompass only those who
followed its unambiguous line to the letter. The Scottish
Revolution forced Anglicans to confront their comfortable
accommodations and to recognize their political implications.
During the 1640s, nobility and Kirk played the king (as he used
them) in an ultimately deadly game that initially sought to protect
49

Religion

Squandering what remained of the legacy of loyalty he inherited
in 1625, Charles went on to promote bishops’ power and a new
Prayer Book, while at the same time leaving the political nation
anxious about its social and material privileges. Open rebellion
began in 1638 and a National Covenant was signed to resist
Charles’ innovations. Within a year there was a de facto
aristocratic republic that continued ruthlessly and relentlessly to
dismantle royal power. Thus began what are known more broadly
as the ‘Wars of the Three Kingdoms’. The Scots began Charles’
downfall and their covenanting ideas set the tone for armed
resistance throughout Britain in the following decade.

the Scottish Reformation. Because religious changes were
pointless without political structures to secure them, the search
for stability ended in a battle for control of Britain.

Scotland

The Scottish debacle emboldened opponents of Charles’ policies in
England and he was obliged to call parliament after 11 years of
personal rule. After defeat by the Scots and amid mounting
disquiet, the king was forced to ﬂee London when rebellion broke
out in Ireland in 1641. Military fortunes ebbed and ﬂowed until
the decisive defeat of the royalists at Naseby (Northants.) in 1645.
Charles, duplicitous as ever, tried to negotiate with the Scottish
nobility and royalist Covenanters called ‘Engagers’, but that
alliance too was defeated in 1648. The religious, military, and
political histories of Scotland and England (and Ireland) became
inextricably entwined during the 1640s and 1650s.
Charles I was executed by the English in 1649 and his son forced
to deal with the Scots. After signing the National Covenant and
the Solemn League and Covenant framed in 1643, Charles II was
crowned at Scone on New Year’s Day 1651, provoking Oliver
Cromwell to invade Scotland. Cromwell saw himself as a liberator
of Scotland, not a conqueror, and his rule is less bitterly
remembered by Scots than Irish. In 1654, he created the ﬁrst
truly unitary rule of the British Isles.
If Charles thought anything of the Covenant, he did not show it
when returned to the throne in 1660. Aided by Scottish nobility
who wanted to repair their power, the Restoration of the
monarchy in 1660 brought about more dramatic changes than in
England. Presbyterians were humbled politically and one-third of
the clergy were expelled in 1662.
Convinced of their righteousness in a way far more dangerous
than their English dissenting equivalents, this rump of
Covenanters engaged in a ﬁerce conﬂict with the politico-religious
establishment both at home and from exile in the Netherlands.
50

A reluctant Protestant ﬁgurehead, the ninth earl of Argyll, led a
rising against James VII/II in 1685. It was fatally weakened by
internal divisions, but the Covenanters were eventually able to
engineer not the peaceful fudge that was the ‘Glorious Revolution’
in England, but a violent, vindictive, and partisan reaction that
reintroduced Presbyterianism in 1690. So charged was the
atmosphere that in 1697 an Edinburgh student called Thomas
Aikenhead became the only person in Britain ever to be executed
for blasphemy. The 1707 Union notionally protected the position
of the Church of Scotland, but within a few years a Scottish
Episcopalians Act (1711) effectively circumvented that, passed in
ﬂat contradiction of Union guarantees by a Westminster
parliament ‘high’ on High-Church Toryism.

Episcopalianism and Catholicism

The heartland of Episcopalianism was in the north-east
Lowlands: another manifestation of how localized and
regionalized was Scottish cultural life. Protestantism quickly
51

Religion

Seen by some as another sign the English could not be trusted, the
Act’s aim was to help Episcopalians, for not all Scots were
Presbyterians. Episcopalianism is a hierarchical form of church
organization, usually headed by archbishops and bishops, with
liturgies and beliefs much closer to Catholicism than to Calvinism.
The Episcopalian Church in Scotland is not Anglican, but it has
drawn closer to Anglicanism since the 19th century and is now
part of their ‘Communion’, its churches or congregations
sometimes controversially termed ‘English’. Scottish
Episcopalianism is ‘high’ in doctrine, but ‘low’ in practice (for long
close to Presbyterianism), and there are still clear differences with
Anglicanism: for example, archbishops had been introduced in
1472 (St Andrews) and 1492 (Glasgow), but lapsed after 1704. It
too had divisions: 18th-century Episcopalians were split between
Hanoverians and Jacobites. To this day there remains debate
about relations between Scots Episcopalianism and Anglicanism.

Scotland

became a part of being Scottish in the Lowlands, but less so in
parts of the Highlands where (as in Ireland) Catholic resurgence
eventually created a glass ceiling to block the Protestant
missionary effort. Catholic cells existed in some towns and around
nobles like the Montgomeries of Eglinton (Ayrs.) and Gordons of
Huntly (Aberdeens.) during the early 17th century, but open
Romanists by 1800 numbered only about 30,000 in a population
of 1.6 million (2%); Episcopalians Comprised 3%.
Modern Scottish Catholicism is not, however, some lingering
survival of the Middle Ages. It certainly draws on centuries of
indigenous inﬂuence, but it owes more to: missionary work in
parts of the Highlands and Islands from the late 17th century;
19th-century Irish immigration; regeneration since the
emancipation of Catholics from religious, social, and political
restrictions in 1829; and the reintroduction of Catholic bishops in
1878. By the 1870s, a coherent Roman Catholicism with a strong
cultural identity existed in areas of the Highlands, but its
heartland lay in the towns of west-central Scotland and in Dundee
and Edinburgh. Catholics were one in twenty of Scotland’s
population in 1851 and numbered about 550,000 or 11% by 1914.
Victorian legislation enabled denominational education as part of
the obligation to provide schooling, an opportunity seized by the
Catholic Church to strengthen its institutional and social basis.
Catholic schools provided by the Church and by Irish voluntary
groups became fully publicly funded in 1918. There are currently
418 Catholic schools in Scotland, accounting for approximately
15% of all publicly funded schools, but educating perhaps 40%
of pupils in greater Glasgow. In addition, there are three
Episcopalian schools and one Jewish school in the public sector.
The ‘default’ option is not Church of Scotland, for since 1872 state
schools have been ‘undenominational’ and no religion now has
legal privilege. Some see faith schools as beacons of educational
excellence, others as forces for division in a society seeking
reconciliation and shared identity.
52

Resurgent Catholicism was not without its opponents.
Anti-Catholicism had its roots in the Reformation and the
European wars of religion that lasted until the end of the 17th
century, when great Catholic powers like France and Spain really
did try to eradicate Protestantism by force. It was revived as a
pan-European tendency in the mid-19th century. On the one
hand, nationalist movements eschewed supra-national solidarities
and ever-more-powerful governments frowned on the Church’s
wealth and adherence. On the other Catholics sought actively to
protect and promote their faith by exploiting material and cultural
resources like education and sporting clubs. Hibernian Football
Club was founded in 1875, inspiring in turn Glasgow Celtic FC in
1888 – though both came after Glasgow Rangers FC (1873) and
Heart of Midlothian FC (1874). The legacy in parts of Scotland
(and in English towns like Liverpool) was chronic sectarian
tension.
Religion

Division and disruption
For John Knox and his followers, history began at the
Reformation, but the history of Protestantism is one of multiple
divisions. For a brief period up to the 1630s, competing but
overlapping visions of Christian community coalesced into a
relatively stable, homogeneous Kirk. Yet, by stressing the
individual’s relationship to God mediated solely through the Bible
and by downplaying hierarchy, Protestantism always contained
the seeds of its own fragmentation. Within a century – marked by
two major revolutions over religious order and religious faith – the
Kirk had begun a series of rifts that produced the most
heterogeneous Protestantism anywhere in modern Europe. The
post-Union political consensus was based partly on the ﬁction of
unity in religion, yet in reality the history of British Protestantism
has been of parallel faiths, not a common one.
At its very moment of triumph in 1690, the Church of Scotland
split from Episcopalianism, with which it had co-existed for a
53

Scotland

century, but even within its own ranks some refused to accept a
non-covenanted Church. The next major split came in 1733 with
the ‘Original Secession’, when conservative Covenanters baulked at
state inﬂuence. The ‘Second Secession’ of 1761, which saw the
creation of the ‘Relief Church’, was again caused by differences of
opinion about how churches should relate to the state and also
over lay patronage (appointment of clergy by other than the ﬂock,
reintroduced in 1711). In England, nomination of clergymen was
overwhelmingly in the hands of individuals. In contrast,
Presbyterians expected to choose their own pastor democratically,
but after 1711 most rural appointments were in the gift of
landowners (the Crown had the right to appoint about one-third
of Scotland’s parish clergy). Circumspect patrons consulted about
appointments, but not all were so tactful.
These rifts created Protestant splinter groups. The Church of
Scotland itself divided into ‘moderate’ and ‘evangelical’ wings
c. 1750–1830 (the latter keeping religion a vital, regenerating
force), while the early 19th century saw a further wave of popular
religious revival movements. Coupled with this was a broadly
based drift away from the established church, once again because
of opposition to patronage and secular inﬂuence. This ended in
the Disruption of 1843 and the establishment of the Free Church
of Scotland (‘free’ from state interference in its internal affairs) by
two-ﬁfths of established clergy and one-third of the laity.
Bewildering as it is to follow, the fragmentation of Protestantism
actually helped the faith by successively stimulating spirituality.
The main splits came at periods when evangelicalism was strong,
while more choice also allowed expansion of religious
participation. There was a surge in church and school building
after the Disruption by the three main Protestant churches:
Church of Scotland, Free Church, and United Presbyterian
Church, the last founded in 1847 by the union of the United
Secession Church (founded in 1820 to encompass the various
18th-century Secession churches), and the Relief Church.
54

Indeed, religion remained central to everyday life in Victorian
Scotland, dominating organized leisure, the formation of social
policy, and the moral values of temperance and self-help. Yet there
was also a negative effect. Diverging values and widening social
differences were fragmenting Highland and Lowland societies in
the 18th and 19th centuries. The religious schism of 1843 was
linked to emerging class differences, and theological disputes were
taken very seriously by Scots in ways hard to imagine today.
Disruption also robbed the Church of Scotland of its political
claim to represent local communities and made reform of social
security (the ‘Poor Law’) essential (1845). By 1851, three-ﬁfths of
churchgoers did not attend Church of Scotland services.

Nor was the Kirk an agency of the state, but a semi-detached body
staffed by staunchly independent ministers. Attempts to create
civil rather than simply ecclesiastical parishes on the English
model failed (nor were manors ever successfully introduced into
Scotland) and there were, for example, no clerical magistrates,
who comprised one-third of English JPs c. 1830. The clergy in
Scotland look a bit like state functionaries, but were in fact purely
voluntary agents in secular causes they thought worthwhile: poor
relief, social control, and social improvement. For example, they
55

Religion

Whatever the effects of fragmentation, Scots clergymen retained
considerable independence and social inﬂuence. Scotland’s
established clergy were by the 1620s a tightly knit professional
group: better educated, more secure, and better paid (by
landowners in rural parishes and burgh councils in the towns)
than their English counterparts. Scottish Protestant clergy were
called ‘ministers’, not vicars or rectors and deﬁnitely not priests,
who had ‘charges’ not livings, and who lived in ‘manses’, not
rectories. They had to work harder, for parishes were generally
much bigger than in England – 900 for 30,000 square miles
compared with 11,000 in an area of 50,000 square miles – and
they were more closely supervised by presbyteries (62 in number
c. 1720).

Scotland

6. St Vincent Street Church, designed by Alexander ‘Greek’ Thomson,
whose strikingly original style exempliﬁes the religious vitality, wealth,
and conﬁdence of Scotland’s Victorian cities

56

served on the boards of lunatic asylums and other public bodies,
and compiled information about social life and economic
conditions. The ﬁrst or ‘Old’ Statistical Account, a multi-volume
compendium of parish reports published in the 1790s, affords
such detailed information and was followed up by a fuller New
Statistical Account (published by the Kirk, 1834–45). In sharp
contrast, most Scottish clergy ﬂatly refused to have anything to do
with administering the ﬁrst census of British population in 1801 as
they did not accept its social relevance.

Secularization?

Regardless of their nominal faith (40% profess none at all), most
modern Scots are best seen as ‘diffusive Christians’. Less
charitably, the Disruption leader Thomas Chalmers termed them
the ‘lapsed masses’. They have a genuine sense of involvement with
religion, manifested less in the obvious pieties of worship (only
one in ten now attends church at least once a month) than in
57

Religion

In 1900, Scotland had four main Protestant churches: Church of
Scotland, United Presbyterian Church, Free Church, and
Episcopal Church. In that year, the second two formed the United
Free Church, which in 1929 was reconciled with the Church of
Scotland, leaving Episcopalians and some radicals like the Free
Presbyterian Church (1893) out on a limb. For all levels of society,
church attendance and involvement in religion held up well
throughout the 19th century. Half the population were active
churchgoers in 1900, and it was not so much the Victorian
urbanization (that contemporaries feared made the working
classes Godless) as 20th-century bourgeois suburbanization that
caused mass secularization. Indeed, church attendance only
started to plummet from the 1960s. Now even the Catholic
Church has deep concerns about declining vocations and
attendance (though still at about one-third), and, like the
increasingly ecumenical Anglican Communion, looks to the
developing world for personnel and vitality.

Scotland

occasional participation in rites of passage and in adherence to
moral or civic standards that are inescapably (if not exclusively)
Christian. Non-Christian faiths account for a small proportion of
modern Scotland’s 5.1 million inhabitants – for example, there are
40,000 Muslims and 15,000 Jews, the latter mostly found in
Glasgow – and ‘alternative’, or New Age, spirituality (notably at
Findhorn, Morays.) is prominent, but atypical.
The Church in Scotland has had an enduringly bad press that
modern agnostics or atheists seize upon. The Kirk must indeed
bear its share of blame for the witch-hunting that convulsed
Lowland Scotland c. 1590–1690 (and an episode of gay-burning in
1682), though it was building on widespread social and political
fear of witchcraft. To us believing in witches seems bizarre,
burning them barbaric, but in a world saturated with the
supernatural where personal, geographical, and cosmic space were
intertwined it made perfect sense. In its heyday too, the Kirk
controlled aspects of life modern people see as utterly personal
‘human rights’, like what courting couples could do. A notable free
liver, Robert Burns satirized the intolerance of the Kirk, having
suffered at the hands of those he classed as ‘the houghmagandie
[fornication] pack’ of its elders.
The Kirk also controlled what anyone (in or out of church) could
do during religious services, though again modern concepts of
privacy and individualism date to the 18th century at the earliest.
Adultery, for example, seriously disrupted close-knit communities
and was regarded as wrong not only by the Kirk, but also by
secular authorities (it was a capital offence for a time) and indeed
by most people. The Catholic Church also proscribed it and
countless other manifestations of human frailty and popular
culture. Divorce too, then and now, uprooted lives and often
impoverished women.
Church discipline seems alien to us and so too does the Calvinist
faith. Modern readers may ﬁnd it easier to appreciate an
58

apparently animated historic religion like Catholicism, with strong
visual, expressive, and performative dimensions to it – a sort of
‘reality religion’ – and are quick to write off Calvinism as dour,
introverted, and self-opinionated. If we believe in Christianity, it is
probably in the idea that Jesus died for us all rather than in the
devastating selectivity of predestination. But this ignores the inner
warmth, hope, and humility attached to evangelicalism and the
theology of the elect. Involving ministry, social activism, and a
stress on both biblical authority and Christ’s suffering,
evangelicalism has periodically reinvigorated Christianity.
Scotland has been a crucible for such movements since the
Reformation.

There is another side to religion and churches. Modern readers
may see religion as a conservative force that is largely about rules
and denial – for example, discouraging extra-marital sex (and sex
education) and promoting restrictions on Sunday retailing. Yet the
church since Christ has been a constructive and often radical force
for change. In the Middle Ages, it created clear rules about
fundamental social institutions like marriage and inheritance; its
59

Religion

A particularly austere form of Calvinism exists in parts of the
north-east and in the Hebrides, where perhaps a half of the
population are still regular churchgoers. Embodied in the Free
Church and the ultra-conservative Free Presbyterian Church, of
which Ulster’s Dr Ian Paisley is a minister, it frowns on religious
services at funerals, insists that shops and public houses should be
closed on communion days, and is strictly Sabbatarian. Only in
2002 did Sunday ﬂights to and from Stornoway commence, and
only in 2006 did the Kirk on the Isle of Lewis ﬁrst allow Sunday
ferries to ply to Ullapool. One can feel on Lewis intense, living
religious devotion and also sense the power that the Church once
had in mainland Scotland. While seemingly intolerant of personal
choice, such manifestations arguably have more dignity and depth
than the quasi-religious emotionalism of public involvement in
events like funerals of the famous.

Scotland

much-used courts dealt with these issues and with disputes
ranging from defamation of character to debt; at the time of
James VI it encouraged an end to blood feud as a way of
containing conﬂict; the late 18th-century drive for smallpox
inoculation and vaccination was led by parish clergy; religious
evangelicals were in the vanguard of the early 19th-century
campaign against slavery; the values of economy, self-denial, and
self-sufﬁciency, that were at the heart of Victorian working- and
middle-class movements for improvement, were grounded in
Christian morality; social legislation from the Factory Act of 1833
onwards was founded on the charitable ideal of helping those who
could not help themselves.
Churches were vigorous supporters of black nationalism in the
1940s and 1950s, they played an active part in discussion both of
disarmament and devolution in the 1980s and 1990s, and they
now want to ‘make poverty history’. Scotland’s churches and the
faiths on which they are based – all of them – have for centuries
provided the moral underpinnings and the organizational
structure of much that is good about its society.

60

Chapter 3
Education

Schools
Sixteenth-century Protestant manifestos had as much to say about
education as about dogma and Scotland has long been perceived
as a country that values teaching and learning. The Reformation
did not initiate schooling. There were already plenty of prestigious
and long-established burgh grammar schools: for example, at
Glasgow (1124) and Dundee (1239). Laws providing for schools
and schoolmasters to be funded by landowners or ‘heritors’ in all
rural parishes were passed in 1617, 1633, and 1696, but (like most
early legislation) they initially expressed aspiration rather than
announced achievement.
Parish schools gradually established themselves and their
achievements can be seen in literacy levels. Medieval literacy was
restricted to perhaps 10% of men and less than one-third of
Lowland men were able to sign the mid-17th-century Covenants
for themselves. Had they been given the chance, only 10% of
women could have done so and 10% was the likely male literacy
rate in the Highlands. By the mid-18th century, a majority of
Lowland men and one-third of women could sign and many more
could read. With rising incomes, printing became a powerful
motor for raising Scottish literacy, especially in the form of cheap
pamphlets. Still the Highlands lagged, despite initiatives by bodies
61

Scotland

7. Many rural Scots were Godly, temperate people with a strong belief
in education

like the Society in Scotland for Propagating Christian Knowledge
(established in 1709 by royal authority and with later government
cash injections). Literacy of professionals had had a part to play in
a vibrant Highland culture, but this tradition was moribund by the
18th century and mass culture was more oral, spontaneous, and
participative than the structured, increasingly commercialized,
and printed media of the Lowlands.

62

Scottish schooling was at its most successful in the age of
Enlightenment, but social and economic change quickly outdated
it. Early 19th-century inquiries showed large numbers of children
excluded from education through the necessity of earning a living
to help their impoverished families. Surveys also showed that,
while the majority of male adults could read, many fewer could
write, and female literacy was (as always) lower still. Voluntary
providers and fee-paying education ﬁlled the gap until legislation
made schooling compulsory in 1872 and free in 1890. Until then,
fee-paying schools complemented the parish and burgh schools
(the latter funded by town councils), becoming more important
with industrialization and urbanization. Robert Burns was
educated at one such ‘adventure’ school.

Education is timeless, but its sacriﬁce to examination and
certiﬁcation is Victorian. A Leaving Certiﬁcate Examination was
ﬁrst introduced in 1888 and reformed in 1962. Distinctively,
modern Scottish pupils mostly sit ‘Standard Grade’ (like English
‘O Levels’) at age 14–15 and ‘Highers’ at 15–18 though many now
proceed at 17–18 to ‘Advanced Highers’, which are similar to ‘A
Levels’. All are currently part of a ‘Scottish Credit and
Qualiﬁcations Framework’ that covers secondary and further
education as a whole. Set notionally at 14 in 1883 and 15 in 1918,
actual minimum school leaving age was not increased until 1901
and 1947 respectively; it became 16 in 1972.

63

Education

By 1910–11, Scotland had a higher proportion of children in the
age group 5–14 attending school than any other European country
except France. Mass education changed the composition of the
teaching profession to 70% female by 1911, overturning centuries
of control by ‘dominies’ or male teachers. Voluntarism remained as
important to schooling as to other areas of civic life. Sunday
Schools staffed by lay volunteers provided a training that was
especially important in the industrial towns and by 1895 there
were 50,000 such teachers.

Scotland

Most Scottish education is now publicly funded and state
controlled. Among English-leaning independent or private schools
(what the English would class minor ‘public schools’) are the
Edinburgh Academy (1824), which is grand; Fettes College (1870),
which looks grand (called by some the ‘Scots Eton’); and Trinity
College, Glenalmond (Perths.) founded by Gladstone not only to
anglicize but also to Anglicanize (it is Episcopalian). All were
boys-only until the 1970s, but all are now co-educational. A tier
down is George Heriot’s, a ‘Merchant Company’ school originally
run by a guild as an orphan’s home, that is like an English
endowed grammar school (with similar middle-class overtones). It
too is now co-educational. For girls there was the comparable
James Gillespie’s High School for Girls (1930–73), attended by
novelist Muriel Spark (1918–2006) and the basis for the school in
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (1961). Prominent Edinburgh
educational ediﬁces include the Royal High School (1829), long
the jewel of the royal burgh’s publicly funded schools and nearly
the home of Scotland’s parliament at the time of the torpedoed
devolution referendum in 1979.
Just how good Scotland’s schooling was has been debated for
the last two centuries. It professed egalitarianism, giving gifted
but poor boys, called ‘lad of parts’, a chance through schooling.
But beneath this ideal lay both a ﬁrmly elitist version of
meritocracy and a socially conservative vision of a limited,
conformist mass education as a civilizing and pacifying force.
Yet for a country persistently poorer than England, the
commitment to comprehensive schooling under public control
in pursuit of broadly egalitarian goals is remarkable. This stems
from the Reformation belief in the power of education,
reinvigorated by Enlightenment faith in the improvability of
humanity, together creating a proffered ideal of the educated
person and the enlightened society that is more distinctive
and possibly more important to Scotland than its tangible
attainments.

64

Universities
Prior to c. 1300, Scots who went to university mostly attended
Oxford or Cambridge, but after that they ﬂooded European
colleges – and continued to do so even after the foundation of
three Scottish universities in the 15th century. Then it was easy to
go to university abroad because there was one international
language of learning, Latin, which all educated men (and a
handful of women) could speak, read, and write, and because,
pre-Luther and Calvin, united Christendom imposed few barriers
to an international ‘republic of letters’. For the brave, travel was
simple (modern passports date from as late as 1915). Scots
students were thus found studying theology, law, and medicine at
universities like Montpellier, Padua, and Paris or, from the 1570s,
at the Protestant foundation of Leiden. For Catholics, there were
Scots Colleges at Paris, Rome, and Salamanca.

Universities were established by charters from the pope or the
Holy Roman Emperor. St Andrews (c. 1412), Glasgow (1451), and
King’s College, Aberdeen (1495) all have papal charters and are
thus real universities. Edinburgh’s ‘university’ (1583) has none and

65

Education

The ‘grammar’ in ‘grammar school’ was Latin. Until the 18th
century, when lecturing in English became established, Latin was
a central part of post-elementary and university education and a
vocational requirement for any professional man. It also created a
high culture of classics that was not only recreational, but also
central to the ideology of order and hierarchy in politics and
society, including later-Stewart state-building, post-1688
Jacobitism, and Enlightenment politeness. Classically based
humanist literature, produced by ﬁgures like George Buchanan,
also gave Scots letters international cultural standing. If there was
a linguistic focus for Scottish elite identity between Renaissance
and Enlightenment, it was Latin rather than either Scots, English
or Gaelic.

Scotland

is properly known as a ‘town’s college’ (as their ﬁrst playing ﬁeld
the council gave the students ﬁve acres next to the gallows located
near the present Pollock Halls of Residence); nor has Marischal
College, Aberdeen (1593; united with King’s in 1860). Renaissance
universities acquired more colleges: at St Andrews there was
St Salvator’s (1450), St Leonard’s (1511), and St Mary’s (1538).
Reformation further regenerated universities. If John Knox was
the face of the Reformation, its brain was Andrew Melville, a man
of clear and uncompromising principles, who used his experience
of continental universities to revitalize Glasgow and St Andrews in
the 1570s and 1580s. Yet universities remained gloriﬁed
seminaries, teaching mainly theology and philosophy (then a
broader discipline): legal and medical training only began to
ﬂourish in the 18th century, when Edinburgh quadrupled its
intake, its students English (especially Protestant Dissenters
barred from Oxford and Cambridge), North American, and
European as well as home-grown. Scotland’s universities have
always been cosmopolitan places.
Not all were equally illustrious. In the 18th century, Aberdeen and
St Andrews approached the lassitude of Oxford and Cambridge.
Medical degrees were awarded largely on the basis of testimonials
or civic credentials, and it was said of Dr Alexander Donaldson of
Marischal College in 1783 that he ‘neither delivers lectures nor
practices, but resides chieﬂy upon his estate in the neighbourhood
of Aberdeen’. Still, Scotland’s universities produced nine out of ten
British medical graduates c. 1800. Scottish graduates of the 19th
century were ineligible for fellowships in the English Royal College
of Physicians and hence were excluded from London hospitals,
though the capital’s loss was the provinces’ (and empire’s) gain.
While they lacked mid-19th-century dynamism, Scotland’s
universities were successfully reformed in the last quarter of the
century. They were cheaper to attend and thus more socially
inclusive than elitist Oxford or Cambridge – at least for males, as
66

no woman was allowed to matriculate until 1892. In the 1860s,
university participation rates were ﬁve times higher than in
England, yet until the 1960s less than 2% of eligible young men
and women (or less than 0.2% of the population) went to
university. Late Victorian reforms actually reduced the chances for
working-class youth, for whom opportunities were only re-opened
by student maintenance grants in the 1960s. Grants brought true
egalitarianism to Scottish (and British) universities: without them
no amount of tinkering will make higher education socially
inclusive.

Scotland’s universities ﬂourished by providing professional
training, but they also emphasized freedom of choice, broad study,
general or ‘Ordinary’ rather than honours degrees (still taken by
one-third of graduates), and education as a process not an event.
Ancient universities have since Victorian times conferred Master
of Arts (MA) honours degrees in humanities after four years of
study rather than the English Bachelor (BA) after three. Scotland’s
universities remain world leaders and, for those careless enough
not to have been educated at Eton or ‘Oxbridge’, they have been
seminaries for aspiring statesmen like (in the 1970s) current
67

Education

With many students burdened by debt, participation rates now
approach 50% in higher education as a whole as more universities
and other institutions have been founded and existing ones have
grown. University education is increasingly the norm and degrees
are now available in a much wider range of subjects than a
generation ago: for example, at former colleges of art and design
like Duncan of Jordanstone (now part of Dundee University).
Four more universities came during the expansion of the 1960s
and early 1970s – Stirling (brand new), Dundee (an offshoot
college of St Andrews since 1881), Heriot-Watt and Strathclyde
(former technical colleges) – and ﬁve more after the abolition of
the ‘binary divide’ in higher education (1992). Scotland’s biggest
‘university’, Edinburgh, currently has 19,000 undergraduates and
7,000 postgraduates.

British PM Gordon Brown (Edinburgh) and a string of
Conservative MPs (St Andrews).

Scotland

Vocations
Medieval youth went abroad because their vision was European,
education was better, and Continental universities taught
vocational subjects such as Roman or ‘civil’ law, which could be
applied in Scottish courts, but which were not available at home.
There was no provision for education in Scots law comparable
with the London Inns of Court until a chair was established at
Edinburgh University in 1722. Much legal and medical training
was instead obtained by work experience. Advocates (like English
barristers) had their own Faculty (association) from c. 1532 and
Writers to the Signet (like solicitors) a Society from c. 1594.
Britain’s oldest medical society, the Royal College of Surgeons of
Edinburgh, was chartered in 1506 and the quite separate Royal
College of Physicians in 1681.
Put simply, surgeons (sometimes called barber-surgeons) worked
on bodies whereas physicians (who charged more) dealt with
people. Apothecaries were tradesmen who dispensed drugs.
Physicians were usually educated at Continental universities, but
until the 18th century accredited surgeons and apothecaries were
trained by apprenticeship. Apprenticeship was still an important
part of job-training for manual occupations until the 20th century,
but by the mid-19th century medical education had become more
systematic and university-based, the profession more united as the
ancient division by training was modiﬁed.
Access to vocational training was dependent on social background,
wealth, and connections. Poor parents could send girls to spinning
schools, but those who wanted a boy apprenticed to a trade or
craft like metalworking had to pay a master ‘hammerman’
(smith) to take him on. Young men who made it through their
three-to-ﬁve-year training became journeymen or employees then
68

masters in their own right – provided they had enough money to
set up for themselves. This meant that, while Scotland may have
had an egalitarian ethos and an ideal of opportunity based on
talent, in reality social mobility was restricted. The same is true of
the white-collar professions. Pre-modern lawyers comprised
mostly the younger sons of landed families and they operated a
closed shop, which the unconnected newcomer could rarely enter.

Enlightenment
Alongside the drawing rooms, libraries, and even taverns of
18th-century Scotland, its universities were the crucible of the
Enlightenment, an explosion of ideas which had a deep and
lasting inﬂuence on the thought and practices of the
English-speaking world and all those touched by it. Faith in the
improvability of individual and society through education, reason,
and discussion led men like Adam Ferguson (1723–1816), Adam
Smith (1723–90), and David Hume (1711–76) to celebrate and
promote commerce by arguing that economic co-operation and
exchange would promote sociability, reﬁnement, and ‘taste’.
Philosophers debated everything from what ‘sympathy’ meant –
was it simply openness to the sentiments of others or did it require
an adaptation to those feelings? – to whether it was acceptable to
69

Education

Indeed, patronage and clientage permeated historic Scotland and
getting a job was as much a matter of the right networking as the
right abilities. Formal qualiﬁcations were not needed for most
industrial or commercial careers until the 20th century, though
‘serving time’ as an apprentice was the norm. Universities held
some written exams, but tests both in school and for jobs were
mainly verbal (if used at all) and modern ideas of careers based on
merit and open competition only originated c. 1900. Yet the
introduction of competitive legal examinations did not alter the
social composition of the legal profession (or most others): it
simply created a different avenue for those who would have
entered it anyway.

commit suicide. Not just academics, but any educated person,
could participate, men and women meeting in dining clubs,
reading societies, musical concerts, and theatres to exchange ideas
and to become better people simply by being together.

Scotland

Enlightenment ideas are best seen in their concrete effects.
Notions of civility, equity, and improvement pervaded
19th-century Scottish society, and they help to explain the lower
levels of popular protest there than in England. A widely shared
faith in the value of education (whatever its actual achievements)
and in the improvability of civil society made Scotland’s people
more interested in treading a positive and peaceful path towards
progress, and made them better able to cope with change than
some. Both working and middle classes were much inﬂuenced by
the need for reason and argument to trump violence and
irrationality.
But as well as tempering the effects of change at home, the
Scottish Enlightenment also altered the world. Philosophers
espoused notions of toleration and religiously inspired visions of
common humanity that, for example, underpinned a Court of
Session judgment in 1778 deeming slavery unsustainable in Scots
law. They established the idea that change was a process not an
event, and they introduced the concepts, methods, and models of
natural sciences into social investigation, teaching scepticism
about the sources of knowledge. Public anatomical dissections and
midwifery lectures, the geology of James Hutton (1726–97), and
the chemistry of Joseph Black (1728–99) made applied science an
international cultural commodity alongside art, literature, music,
and folklore, later exempliﬁed in fascination with subjects as
diverse as electricity and the origin of species.
Literature of the 18th century helped to construct an image of
Scottish identity comprising primitive virtue, traditional humanist
learning, and modern politeness that lasted throughout the
19th century. The commerce that promoted interchange and
70

understanding also sustained a consumer revolution that brought
tea, coffee, sugar, tobacco, china, and cotton fabrics to mass
markets. Mundane modern civilities originated in the
Enlightenment. The fork, water closet, handkerchief, and night
attire were all introduced to mediate, distance, or conceal the
body’s necessities.

Scottish law, medical expertise, and its university system were all
successfully exported to the wider world by missionaries,
migrants, and imperial bureaucrats. Scots helped to make the
British Empire what it was materially and ideologically, but they
also contributed to its partial unravelling during the American
Revolution. Amid extensive political conformity (university
appointments were based partly on patronage), one radical strand
was the Covenanters’ tradition of conditional loyalty to the British
state: it gradually faded in Scotland, but was transported to North
America and proved enduring in Northern Ireland.
Many of the ideas now taken for granted came out of the
Enlightenment, but other phenomena seem more incongruous.
Grave robbing and murder were used to satisfy demand for
corpses to dissect at the ﬂourish medical schools, including the
infamous Burke and Hare duo. Duelling is another example.
Wrongly seen as a survival of the medieval trial by combat, where
71

Education

Where the French Enlightenment was militantly anti-clerical,
Calvinist theology was a powerful inﬂuence on Scotland’s, and
many of its best minds were divines (most of them university
professors). Individual thinkers like Thomas Reid (1710–96)
altered the way people saw both their individuality and their
society. Adam Smith’s The Wealth of Nations (1776) provided
intellectual support for ‘laissez-faire’, a doctrine that lay at the
heart of 19th-century Western economics. With Hume and
Ferguson, he also produced the tidy distinction between
impersonal utilitarian and personal affective relationships now so
familiar in the instrumental, individualist West.

Scotland

God’s hand was thought to guide the righteous victor, it was in fact
a Renaissance importation from the Continent that thrived in the
age of Enlightenment. Until the 19th century, the duel was a way
of regulating courtesy and honour in conduct between equals.
While it involved physical force, it was commonly located within
long-established notions of civility or politeness rather than
outside and in opposition to them. Criticisms of duelling came less
from outright hostility than from dissatisfaction with the level of
sincerity of participants and the propriety of the forms it took. The
last duel in Scotland took place at Kirkcaldy in 1826 between a
banker and dissatisﬁed customer. The banker died.
Duelling reminds us that this was the 18th century, not the 21st.
The Scottish Enlightenment did not come out of the blue, but
built on the work of 17th-century European jurists like Hugo
Grotius and Samuel von Pufendorf, and on the achievements of
English philosophers and scientists such as Thomas Hobbes, John
Locke, and Isaac Newton, though the 18th-century English
Enlightenment was neither so profuse nor so profound. Scots
thinkers made the modern world, but so did many other things,
and inﬂuences sometimes took decades to become clear.
Yesterday’s household names – like William Robertson D. D.,
minister of Greyfriars (1761–94), principal of Edinburgh
University (1762–93), and celebrity historian of Scotland and
America – are now forgotten, and those famous to posterity
sometimes struggled for recognition at the time. Hume’s ‘deism’
(a sort of atheism) horriﬁed many contemporaries and he was
shunned in his own day, lamenting that his ﬁrst work, A Treatise
of Human Nature (1738), ‘dropped dead-born from the press’.

72

Chapter 4
Society

Population
Estimating Scotland’s population is guesswork until c. 1700, when
there were about a million inhabitants, but some demographic
guidelines can be drawn. Roman Britain was as densely settled as
Stewart Britain and the standard of living was probably as good.
The ﬁrst demographic landmark was the ‘Black Death’, a plague
epidemic that affected Britain 1348–50, carrying off perhaps
one-third of the population. Plague then became endemic:
subsequent outbreaks were less virulent and tended to be localized
to towns. Scotland’s last major plague was in the mid-1640s, but
there were still scares as late as 1720–1. Plague was feared as much
for the disruption of social and economic life as for the threat of
death. With quarantines in place, corpses were carted to mass
graves without the usual observances that made their passing
bearable for friends and family.
At the time of the Black Death, Europe also entered a mini-Ice
Age. With fewer workers and an adverse climate, higher-altitude
settlements were abandoned. Bad weather, low productivity, and
poor communications meant that food shortages long remained a
threat. The last serious national famine was in the late 1690s when
perhaps one in eight of the population died of hunger or disease.
Lowland agricultural productivity doubled or trebled in the
73

Scotland

18th century, but bad harvests could still cause hunger and death
in the 1740s and even 1810s. Most deaths during the ‘Great
Highland Famine’ of the 1840s and 1850s were attributable to
disease associated with chronic poverty and deprivation rather
than to hunger alone (caused primarily by potato blight).
Expectation of life at birth was in the 30s for centuries, but if
people survived infancy and childhood they could live into their
60s or 70s. In 1700, one-twelfth of the population was over 60,
and during the 18th century adult male life expectancy rose by
one-third. Higher fertility and lower mortality meant that the
population trebled from 1.5 to 4.5 million between 1789 and 1911,
a modest rate of growth that disguises the massive redistributions
of people that came out of agrarian change and urbanization. As
late as 1789, just under half of Scotland’s people lived north of
an imaginary ‘Highland Line’ drawn between Stonehaven
(Kincardines.) in the east and Helensburgh (Dumbartons.) in the
west. By 1911, this had fallen to just one-sixth. One Scot in eight
lived in a large town in 1790, one in three by 1831, and three out
of ﬁve in 1911, by which date Scotland was the most urbanized
country in Europe after England. In the 1890s, one-quarter of the
adult population of Glasgow had been born in the Highlands and
another quarter in Ireland.
Mortality from disease remained high, but it was falling. Smallpox
was conquered by the early 19th century, but typhus and cholera
continued to decimate urban populations until mid-century and
inﬂuenza until 1918. Infant mortality rates were lower in Scotland
than England, but still alarmingly high, and they did not fall as
they did in England from the 1890s. Of those born around 1871,
one-quarter would not live to the age of ﬁve.
Scotland’s 19th-century fertility regime was also distinctive.
Women married exceptionally late by European standards (usually
in their late 20s – one-ﬁfth did not marry at all) but, once married,

74

fertility was high. Late marriage was the most effective check on
fertility. It could also be limited by prolonged breastfeeding, sexual
abstinence, or basic contraceptive techniques such as withdrawal.
Modern ‘birth control’, using mechanical methods to choose how
many children to have and when, was an early 20th-century
development. Its introduction was led mainly by men, until the
Pill gave women greater control in the 1960s.
Family size fell dramatically. Two-ﬁfths of marriages made in the
1870s produced more than six children compared with less than
2% for 1920s marriages. Scotland’s illegitimacy was generally low,
but in pockets it was amongst the highest in Europe: in the rural
north-east, four-ﬁfths of women marrying in the late 19th century
had their ﬁrst child before, or within three months of, marriage.
Throughout the 19th century, Scotland was a young society,
one-third of its people aged 14 years or younger.

75

Society

Modern Scotland has roughly ﬁve million inhabitants and its
demography is comparable with much of Western Europe and
North America, notably the ‘greying’ of the population. Birth rates
are low and, despite longer life expectancy, the indigenous
population is falling. The social structures that once contained
demographic activity have changed enormously in the last
generation. Half of all women marrying under age 30 had
cohabited prior to marriage in the late 1980s, compared with just
3% in the 1960s. The year 1997 was the ﬁrst when more than half
of Dundee births were to single mothers or to cohabiting but
unmarried partners, and across Scotland 25% of children now live
in one-parent families. At 1987 rates, one-third of marriages of the
late 1970s will end in divorce, compared with just 7% of marriages
contracted in the early 1950s. Thanks partly to conservative
education policies, seemingly based on the premise that not
teaching sexual health will prevent young people having sex, rates
of teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease are among
the highest in Europe.

Scotland

8. An aerial view of St Andrews, showing the cathedral, castle, and the
east end of the medieval three-street plan. Since the Middle Ages,
Scottish towns were centres of church, government, trade, and
learning

Living standards
Scotland was not a wealthy country for much of its history and
it dealt with its poor in different ways from England. Since
Elizabethan times, English poor relief was nationally organized,
but locally administered and ﬁnanced, combining core provision
by rating of richer inhabitants with informal giving. Scotland had
early legislation like England’s, but it was never effectively
enforced and the balance of provision was exactly reversed.
Taxation for this (or any other) purpose remained deeply
76

unpopular. Instead, a mixed economy of welfare sustained the
needy with the focus on informal giving. Towns had rates, but in
rural parishes the Church, landowners, and neighbours provided
most doles until the Kirk took over the administration of formal
relief in the 17th century. The system often struggled to cope and
became more strained as population was redistributed to towns
and as the Kirk fragmented.

Nearly all Victorian orphans were cared for in foster homes; the
Scots did not want the coming generation exposed to the bad
example of the poorhouse. Fostering was deemed to be better
psychologically and ﬁnancially for children and foster parents, and
it was cheaper for the parish than institutionalization (local
accountability often meant curtailing expenditure). Indeed, a
signal difference was the lack of formal institutions for the poor,
with a preference for domestic or ‘outdoor’ relief rather than the
grim, degrading English workhouses. In 1906, 14% of Scotland’s
pauper population received institutionalized or ‘indoor’ relief,
compared with 32% in England.
Historically, most poor people were women because they usually
outlived men and had less chance to save by exclusion from
higher-paying employments, being paid less for the same job,
77

Society

The 1845 poor law for Scotland, coming on the heels of economic
collapse 1841–3 (in Paisley 67 of 112 manufacturers went bankrupt
and one-quarter of the population was on poor relief ) and the
Disruption (1843), was designed to facilitate levying rates, though
these remained almost unknown in the Highlands. Yet the extent
of local autonomy in policy-making remained much greater than
in England and the reality of poor relief was quite different.
Scottish local government had long had a more directive attitude
towards public health and, unlike its English equivalent of 1834,
the 1845 poor law required personal medical care for paupers, a
provision whose spirit survives in the present Scottish parliament’s
healthcare policy for the elderly.

Scotland

having interrupted working lives because of care responsibilities,
and (until Victorian times) suffering legal restrictions on owning
savings in their own right. Introduced in 1909 for the over-70s,
British old-age pensions were designed partly to cope with these
issues, but they were set below subsistence to encourage saving,
work, or dependence on family. The means-tested beneﬁts also
carried a social stigma.
Despite growing British prosperity after c. 1750 and the
reorganization of poor relief after 1845, Scotland’s standard of
living lagged behind England’s. In 1867, 70% of ‘productive
persons’ earned less than £30 per annum, while the top 10%
gobbled up half the national income. Wealth polarization was
especially pronounced in towns and is shown in housing. The
urban poor moved into the central homes the middle class vacated
on their way to Georgian ‘New Towns’ and Victorian suburbs, and
also the new, but often badly built, ‘tenements’ (apartment
buildings) that housed the industrial labour force of mushrooming
towns like Paisley. In 1911, over half the Scottish population lived
in one- or two-roomed homes, and in Glasgow and Dundee the
ﬁgure was over 60%. Overcrowding was the result, with nearly
56% of Glaswegians living more than two to a room.
Diet depended for centuries on population pressure and the
limitations of agriculture. Middens (rubbish dumps) show that
Scots binged on beef during Iron Age and Dark Age rituals, and
the English on pork, suggesting these meats were not staples.
Flesh-eating may have returned in the late Middle Ages, but most
Scots had a ﬁsh- and vegetarian-leaning diet c. 1550–1750 because
meat was too expensive. Immortalized by English artist William
Hogarth in The Gate of Calais (1749), (roast) beef was a standard
dietary item and a cultural icon of England. Best known from its
association with Burns Suppers, haggis (chopped mutton offal,
oatmeal, and onion in a stomach lining) is less authentic an
historic ‘signature’ dish than the humble (and healthy) herring or,
for carnivores, lamb shank or sheep’s head. The latter featured in
78

Mrs Beeton’s Victorian Book of Household Management, but is
currently served nowhere, though the ‘Sheep Heid Inn’, one of
Scotland’s oldest pubs at Duddingston, Edinburgh, used to until
banned in the early 1980s. Diet improved as agricultural
productivity rose, and industrial and commercial success allowed
food to be imported, but rickets was still a common condition for
working-class urban children until the 20th century.

Most Scots nowadays are concerned with selecting what to eat
rather than ﬁnding enough. Until the 1980s, eating out in
restaurants was unusual and the food mostly boring and poorly
prepared – prawn cocktail the height of sophistication. Now smart
country-house hotels abound and it is easy to eat out well (if far
from cheaply). Scottish chefs like Nick Nairn and Hamish Wishart
are world class – as is Gordon Ramsay in London. Oddly for a
nation whose elites spent centuries buying eagerly from Bordeaux,
Oporto, and the Rhineland, wine consumption was low until the
late 20th century. Alcohol has never been cheaper in real terms
and will be the next target of the health lobby now that the
message about tobacco has been enforced. Pioneered by California
(1994) and Ireland (2004), Scotland introduced a ban on smoking
in public places in 2006.
79

Society

Modern Scotland has a reputation for alcohol abuse and general
ill-health encapsulated in soberingly low adult (male) life
expectancy and exempliﬁed by the deep-fried Mars Bar. Yet many
of the problems are related not to race, but to divisions of social
class and economic opportunity that have equivalents across
Britain and Europe. The post-1945 welfare state helped greatly
to improve nutrition and life expectancy, while the Clean Air Act
of 1956 was the ﬁrst major modern environmental measure.
Health-awareness has improved dramatically in the last
generation as living standards too approach European averages,
with appreciably less smoking, better diet, and more exercise.
Having the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow can only
help.

Scotland

Whisky was a working-class drink from the 17th century and a
headache for moral reformers, just as gin was in 18th-century
England. Like most symbols of modern Scotland, whisky’s current
cachet is a marketing triumph. Historically, the civilized spirit was
brandy, smuggled if possible to avoid duty, and the preferred drink
was wine or port. Until the 18th century, towns set wine prices
every year just as they did the price of grain. Beer or ale (made
with malted barley rather than hops) was as much a foodstuff as a
recreational beverage – and a lot less risky than drinking water for
townspeople until 19th-century improvements in sanitation
reduced deadly diseases like cholera and typhoid.
Scots were highly mobile people for centuries, but they were not
tourist travellers. When Scot James Boswell and his Scottophobic
English chum Samuel Johnson toured and wrote about the
western Highlands and Islands in 1773, they were not the ﬁrst
‘tourists’. Early Scottish travel writer Martin Martin did it in the
1690s, clergyman Rev. John Walker in the 1760s, and the Welsh
naturalist and antiquary Thomas Pennant in 1769 and 1772. But
Johnson’s complaints about the food, including hair in the butter,
echo through the centuries. Commercial inns existed from the
17th century, mostly for cattle drovers, and there were lodging
houses in towns, but until the 19th century there was a strong
tradition of rural hospitality and most travellers who wanted food
and lodging simply called at any promising farmhouse: the
equivalent of the modern B&B. Landed gentry used family or
social connections to stay with each other on a knock-for-knock
basis.
A ‘holy day’ was literally a day off and more prolonged travel for
leisure was unusual before the 20th century, except for the
handful of nobles who went on the Grand Tour of Europe. Scots
worked a 6-day, 55-hour week until 1919, and paid leave was
unknown until 1938; for domestic servants, still one-eighth of the
employed population in 1911, work hours could be limitless.
Two-week holidays became more common in the 1930s, when rail
80

travel expanded and car ownership ﬁrst mushroomed, but there
was still extensive Saturday working into the 1950s.
Like most post-war Britons, Scots holidayed at domestic seaside
resorts such as Largs, Rothesay, or North Berwick. For the
adventurous middle class there was the ski centre at Aviemore,
hideously refurbished and extended in the 1960s (recently made
over again), and for the fun-loving working class, holiday camps
like Butlins at Ayr. Air travel was the preserve of the rich,
holidaying abroad was unusual, and mass tourism did not begin in
earnest until the 1960s. Modern Scots are avid sun-seekers,
carbon-neutral or otherwise, and, for the time being, it is possible
to ﬂy directly (and cheaply) from Scottish airports to destinations
around the world.

Aristocrats and people

Of course, DNA modelling is based on modern populations and its
apparent accuracy does not necessarily make it appropriate to the
past. Chromosomes do not tell us about migrations within zones
that shared a gene pool, notably the probable settlement of the Isle
of Man and Argyll in the 5th century AD by Gaels from Ireland,
81

Society

The most common social and cultural label applied by the English
to Scotland is ‘Celtic fringe’, a classiﬁcation that usually also
includes Wales, Ireland, Brittany, and Galicia in Spain. However,
both Celtic identity and origins are vague. The usual picture is of
population migration from central Europe to Britain and Ireland
some time in the 1st millennium BC, the supposed migrants
bringing language, culture, and material objects. Cultural change
certainly happened, but was it the result of immigration (peaceful
or otherwise) or of more gradual adaptation of existing ideas and
technologies? DNA analysis shows that most modern Britons
descended from the post-glacial colonizers of 10,000 years ago,
and only the genetic proﬁle of northern Scotland is distinctive for
its Scandinavian admixture.

Scotland

and nor do genes predict cultural identity. Modern ‘Celts’ deﬁne
themselves largely on the basis of a language distinct from the
Germanic tongues that include English, but there is no evidence
that the Celts were deﬁned by their language prior to the
Renaissance. The idea that they settled Britain and Ireland
originated with the 16th-century writer George Buchanan, who
identiﬁed them with a language he called ‘Gallic’, later termed
‘Celtic’ by the Welsh scholar Edward Lhuyd in his Archaeologia
Britannica (1707). The word ‘Celt’ was not current between
antiquity and Buchanan: nobody in the Dark or Middle Ages
thought they were Celts, and the term is a modern taxonomic
convenience. The terms ‘Gael’ and ‘Pict’ were used by
contemporaries much as modern observers do, but ‘Celt’ was
mined by antiquarians to create a pseudo-Linnaean classiﬁcatory
grouping for the purpose of ordering the past.
The other historic identiﬁer of the Celts is their art, a distinctive
material culture c. 500 BC to c. AD 900 characterized by swords,
broaches, mirrors, and other works found across Europe. ‘Celtic
art’, with its dynamic abstract and zoomorphic patterns, is
sometimes called ‘La Tène’ style from its ‘type site’ in modern
Switzerland, where the ﬁrst examples were discovered. This too
was a later description, given in the 19th century to the artefacts
produced by pre-Roman inhabitants of Britain and Ireland, who
were thought to be Celts. This style is also found among non-Celtic
speakers and was never adopted by the Celtic-speaking peoples of
Spain. Both language and art may have emerged independently in
different parts of Europe, inﬂuencing and being inﬂuenced by
pre-Celtic forms.
Peaceful settlement almost certainly did not take place in later
Orkney. Genetic proﬁling has shown that most males on the island
have a Norse DNA signature and the only non-Norse can be traced
to those who arrived in Orkney after the island was annexed by
Scotland in 1469 (Christian I of Denmark mortgaged the
Northern Isles to James II’s son when he married his daughter in
82

1468). The inference is that Pictish males, who were the
indigenous people in the 9th century, were ejected, exterminated,
or prevented from breeding by being reduced to servitude, for
slavery was an integral part of Dark Age and early medieval
society. Across northern Scotland, distinctively Pictish culture also
seems to have disappeared in the 10th century, though not for the
same reasons as in Orkney because the Pictish people remained.

Yet there were important similarities between clan or client
society and the feudal system, which were used by the crown to
equate local with central and royal with lordly interests. The
bonds that made both were personal rather than impersonal and
vertical rather than horizontal, going between master and man,
lord and vassal (dependant), patron and client, father and family.
During the 12th century, the basic division in society ceased being
freeman/slave and became lord/peasant, but the existence into the
early 17th century of a ‘common army’ alongside knight service
shows that the Scottish peasantry was freer than most in Europe
and that the feudal revolution there was mediated by existing
social and legal assumptions.
Both social organizations depended less on wealth, though that
could be accumulated in the form of people, land, or livestock,
than on the circulation of gifts. Control of industrial products like
83

Society

The best that can be said about society before the Middle Ages is
that it was hierarchical, for the Norse threat had created a new
focus on sustaining a military class answerable to the king. It was
also strongly based on customary law and on family and kinship
networks. ‘Celtic’ inﬂuence was one of many. After 1100,
generalizations are easier. The Anglo-Normans introduced
feudalism, at whose core was a bond between an assigner of
land and its assignee that entailed clearly speciﬁed rights and
obligations. Gaelic society was less socially rigid, based on a
kindred or ‘clan’, where moral obligations were intensely strong,
but rights hardly ever speciﬁed.

Scotland

weapons and jewellery was one way lords expressed and enhanced
their power, as was law-giving, benevolence to the poor, and
patronage of cultural activities such as poetry and medicine.
Status in the medieval Gaelic world (and probably in the Dark
Ages too) was measured by the number of alliances and the
number and standing of a man’s followers. But above all, it was
based on gifts, hospitality, and the frequent assigning and
receiving of livestock and land. These ‘goods’ were acquired and
given through ﬁghting, feasting, and patronage: things that meant
as much for their symbolism as for their material value. In feudal
terms, the king completed a gift of land, but left the recipient with
an incomplete or open-ended commitment of service.
One way in which feudalism did change Scottish society more
than English was in the conﬁrmation of devolved or delegated
noble power over justice and taxation, a tendency ﬁrmly resisted
by English kings. Scottish nobles had probably always had
considerable independent power over their people, but after
c. 1100 they institutionalized an arms-length relationship with the
crown by securing extensive judicial rights and associated ﬁnancial
privileges. This independence was eroded from the time of James
VI, but not removed until 1748. Even then, the aristocracy retained
some of their courts (with much limited powers) and were
compensated for the loss of what were, after all, rights of property.
This was a face-to-face society where a person’s reputation, social
and moral as well as economic, was his or her ‘credit’. Having a
lord was not a mark of failure, because lords were supposed to
defend and promote their underlings: the stronger the lord, the
better-off the vassal, and vice versa. The ability of landowners to
act independently was closely circumscribed by the obligations of
lordship: sometimes lords could be the instruments of their
tenants rather than vice versa.
Until Adam Smith taught them to distinguish economic utility
from personal feelings, Scots (and English) treated economics very
84

personally – almost morally. Only from the mid-18th century did
impersonal market forces play a growing role in mediating
between people. This produced the ‘class’ society that the German
thinker Karl Marx made famous in Capital (1867). A shared group
consciousness derived from experience of working life (like
coal-mining or factory labour), expressing itself in social, cultural,
and political ways as diverse as trade unions, the press, education,
and the search for representation.

Being colourful may excuse much, but there was a serious social
cost to noble dominance of society, especially in the rural world.
Most of those who worked the land did not own it. ‘Feuing’,
notably of church land before and after the Reformation, helped
create a class of lesser owner-occupiers, or ‘lairds’ (lords), who
were close economically to English yeomen freeholders (though
far less numerous) and socially to the gentry, yet there were just
85

Society

In 19th- and 20th-century class society, the middle and working
classes pursued interests that were often separate and sometimes
conﬂicting, exempliﬁed in the formation of the Labour Party to
represent manual labour. Prior to this, society was dominated by
landowning nobilities, who were as numerous in Scotland as in
England – which had ﬁve times as many inhabitants. It is hard to
underestimate the importance of the aristocracy prior to the 20th
century: selﬁshness, greed, and parsimony over public services
there surely was, but from a sense of duty as well as self-interest,
nobles kept society and government running when kingship was
weak; some landmark events were made by people of clear
principle and radical intent, notably the Reformation and the
Scottish Revolution; and the aristocracy was central to the
agricultural and industrial revolutions. Of course, the rich and
powerful leave the biggest footprint of their individuality. The
ﬂamboyant James Graham, Marquis of Montrose, may have
fought (brilliantly) on the wrong (Royalist) side and come to a
sticky end in 1650, but he had a lot more style than his
Covenanting opponents.

Scotland

7,500 landowners in Scotland c. 1830, and in the 1870s 1,500 of
them owned 90% of the land. Leases were often short and tenants
could easily be removed from their land for not paying their
rent.
Beneath the tenants was a numerous but shadowy rural
proletariat of sub-tenants, or ‘cottars’ (cottagers), who made up
one-third of the medieval and early-modern population and who
were even less secure. One of the things that made the Scots so
adaptable and eager to assimilate abroad (and thus often
ethnically invisible among white populations) was that they were
so used to uncertainty, change, and mobility at home. There was
no equivalent of the most famous English rising, the 1381
Peasants’ Revolt, because personal servitude had disappeared
from Scotland by the mid-14th century; heavy or regular taxation
was disliked by all social classes and was thus avoided; and
because the economic and social hold of Scots lords over the
peasantry was much stronger than in England.
Scotland’s ﬂuid and malleable rural society explains the ease with
which monumental changes took place in the 18th and 19th
centuries. By the 1820s, Lowland society had become polarized
between landowners, tenants, and landless labourers, most
sub-tenants and many smaller tenants having been swept from the
land. In the Lothians, the labourers were mostly married men paid
largely in kind. Elsewhere in Scotland (such as the north-east),
both smallholders and single servants (both living-in and
out-housed in ‘bothies’ or dormitories) provided the labour that in
England came from workers hired by the day. Additional labour
needs were met by women, children, and (for the arable
Lowlands) seasonal migrant workers from the Highlands.
Structured dependency accounts for the absence of anything like
the southern English ‘Captain Swing’ riots of 1830. Displaced
rural Scots of the 19th century had employment alternatives in
the towns or overseas, while in the countryside the power of
86

landowners remained great. For one working-class
autobiographer, a Borders shoemaker, the lord was ‘protected by
his inﬂuence and power of patronage, mail proof against all the
tiger-claws of justice: indeed, he is the hereditary maker of what is
called country justice’. Religion too provided justiﬁcations for
quiescence as well as assertiveness.

There were more subtle ways of making a social and political
point. Unpopular landlords or employers could be undermined by
moving elsewhere (sometimes en masse), gossip, satire, or covert
violence. Some religious innovation was vigorously challenged and
religious divisions could express class differences. One Free
Church congregation worshipped on a ﬂoating barge moored on
Loch Sunart when the laird banned worship on his land. And
there were the courts and political lobbying; 19th-century trades
unions, like earlier craft and journeymen associations, tended to
act within the law, on principles of equity and morality, to better
their experience as employees rather than wholly to change a
society in which they felt they had a stake. The late 19th-century
Free Church worked with Highland crofters (small farmers) to
secure legal changes in tenure. Even the weak had weapons.
Yet noble power was everywhere and the landscape too bears their
mark. Nucleated villages existed from the 12th century in the
87

Society

That is not to say there was no opposition to social and economic
change. Less in thrall to landowners, townspeople were more
demonstrative, if far fewer in number prior to the industrial
revolution. For example, in 1615, the Queen’s chamberlain and his
ofﬁcers were attacked and beaten in Burntisland by a crowd of
women of the ‘bangster [unruly] Amazon kind’ intent on
preventing them enforcing a court order. Food riots convulsed
some 18th-century towns, and anything that looked like
unavoidable taxation was liable to meet stiff resistance. There
were true radicals during the Napoleonic period and a serious
‘insurrection’ in 1820.

Scotland

south-east, but elsewhere farm settlements were dispersed until
the 18th-century agricultural revolution, the landscape more
reminiscent of Scandinavia than of England. Remodelling the
landscape was legally simple for landowners. Enclosure acts, that
comprised a substantial proportion of English local legislation,
were unnecessary in Scotland because acts of the late 17th century
consolidated landlords’ rights to do more or less what they liked
with their land. The results are visible in 130 distinctive planned
villages built c. 1780–1850. They include Colinsburgh (Fife), Edzell
(Angus), and New Pitsligo (Aberdeens.) and full-scale towns like
Inveraray (Argylls.) – razed in the 1760s and 1770s and wholly
rebuilt thereafter. All are testaments to the vision of landowners
for regularity in the new, improved landscape and to their wealth
and power in imposing it. The pleasing uniformity of 18th-century
‘New Town’ developments also stemmed from owners’ ability to
specify elevations when feuing land to builders (Chapter 7).
Planned villages solved the problem of what to do with families
cleared from the land who were still required to provide labour
in agriculture, their people making ends meet by crafts like
weaving. The purely industrial equivalent was New Lanark,
founded in 1785 as a cotton mill and model community by
reformer Robert Owen. He believed wholeheartedly in education,
not only for children, but also for adults at his tellingly named
‘Institute for the Formation of Character’ (1816). Landlord policy
even touched sex and marriage. Comparison between the adjacent
parishes of Grange and Rothiemay (Banffs.) on the one hand, and
the island of Tiree in the Inner Hebrides on the other, reveals how
landlord policies profoundly inﬂuenced demographic practices
and population levels in agrarian Scotland in the late 18th and
early 19th centuries. Amalgamation of farms and enclosure of
common land in Banffshire forced up the age of marriage by
making it more difﬁcult for couples to establish their own
households, in turn leading to a decline in the birth rate and a
stagnant population; illegitimacy rates approached 30% in 1871.

88

On Tiree, by contrast, early marriage and a relatively low rate of
celibacy was maintained by the policy of the dukes of Argyll to
create crofts and subdivide tenancies, contributing ultimately to
overpopulation and poverty.
Until the 19th century, governments were effectively comprised of
aristocrats and those they controlled. Kings supported their ruling
elites because it was impossible to govern without successful
nobility. They bailed out the failures and they happily sold
honours to the aspiring and successful. In 1611, James VI/I
invented baronetcies – hereditary, but not true peerages – to fund
an army in Ulster and extended the scheme to Scotland in 1625,
where it was used to establish the colony of Nova Scotia. Much
later, PM Lloyd George put sales on a business footing, but the
Honours Act (1925) did not end abuses, and it remains to be seen
if the Political Parties Act (2000) will succeed.

However, the economic power of the land has gone. Death duties
and changing sources of wealth combined with intensifying
urbanization and democratization to rob the 20th-century
aristocracy of resources and inﬂuence. George V detached the
monarchy from the aristocracy with the new honours system
introduced in 1917 to reward public service and the voluntary
sector. Successful modern nobles like the Duke of Argyll (whose
family had wealth, social clout, and enormous political inﬂuence
for centuries) and the Earl of Moray have made the transition by

89

Society

For millennia, most people lived on the land and it was the source
of food, energy, raw materials, social status, and political
inﬂuence. Land still has cachet, reinforced by extreme polarization
of ownership: 88% of Scotland’s rural land is in private ownership
and two-thirds is owned by 1,250 people (one-quarter is in the
hands of just 66 families). It is fortunate that Scots law has for
centuries allowed near universal access to land for walkers and
others prepared to use it responsibly.

modernizing estate management and diversifying into housing
and tourism. Modern Scotland has the super-rich, but they are
businesspeople and the society is fundamentally bourgeois.

Highlands

Scotland

Some non-Scots think that the Highlands are Scotland, but in
reality they are only a part, which in important ways was and
is very different from the Lowlands. The Highlands were
nevertheless crucial in making historic Scotland and in creating
some of the tensions which underlay Scottish identity.
For reasons of geography alone, the Highlands and Islands have
always been apart. The Romans got as far as the Moray Firth and
Edward I too, but they and others in between retreated rather
than face the Highlands proper, the Romans behind the Antonine
Wall (between rivers Forth and Clyde) then Hadrian’s Wall (Tyne
to Solway). Their other frontier was the sea, for Romans did not
dominate either the North Sea or the Irish Sea and thus allowed
the continued ebb and ﬂow of inﬂuence and counter-inﬂuence
between Scotland, north-west Europe, Scandinavia, and Ireland.
Communications remained difﬁcult until improvements in roads
and bridges were made for military purposes after Culloden. Yet
as late as the 1960s, it could take 4 hours by car to journey the
50 miles between Fort William and the end of the Ardnamurchan
peninsula (the furthest westerly point of mainland Britain).
Geographical differences went with a long history of political and
social separation. One reason for the successful formation of the
medieval Scottish kingdom was that monarchs accepted the
different traditions of its component parts, Gaels as much as
Britons. But political relations with the crown (and Lowlanders)
changed during the early 14th century as the well-integrated
magnates of central-Highland chiefdoms were replaced by lesser
chiefs whose status was deﬁned by warfare, destabilizing order
and government. Highland society had long been different from
90

Lowland, but that difference crystallized from the 14th century as
rulers turned against one part of their heritage, those they came to
see as the ‘wyld wikked hielandmen’.
Highland society was superﬁcially simpler than Lowland, because
its economy comprised largely farming and ﬁshing and there were
hardly any towns. In terms of relationships and attitudes, it was
far more complex. Three main segments were distinguished by
their relationship to land and to each other. First were the owners,
the chiefs of the Middle Ages, who left estate management to
middlemen (usually cadets of the main family) called ‘tacksmen’,
who in turn rented to sub-tenants and then to crofters and cottars.
A tack was like a lease, though Scottish leases were merely
accounted a right of occupancy, not of property as in England.

Landowners generally accommodated peasant interests while
maintaining the large ‘client base’ that mattered to them. Initially
91

Society

Highland society underwent change as the landlords’ and/or the
tacksmen’s priorities shifted during the 18th century. Many
effectively repudiated centuries of being not so much landlords, as
chiefs in charge of clans built on the bonds created by kinship,
feuding, feasting, and gifting. The obligations of stewardship and
care that owners and/or tacksmen repudiated between c. 1700 and
1900 seem vague, but they were both intensely felt and greatly
valued by the peasantry. The central understanding was called
duthchas (heritable proprietorship), which meant that the lord
held his land in trust for those under him, entailing strong but
unwritten obligations. As in the Lowlands, those with written title
had rights, those without had none except what the lord would
grant for his own reasons. Land tenure made society highly ﬂuid.
Some people really did farm the same land for generations, but
tenant turnover in the Highlands was for centuries every bit as
extensive as in the Lowlands. Most farmers held at will (or whim)
and there was little continuity at a township or ‘toun’ level, even in
the 17th century.

Scotland

they responded to 18th-century population growth, economic
shifts, and their own changing priorities by trying to redistribute
labour supply, as their power enabled them to do. However, over
time they resorted to wholesale evictions or to plantations in
overcrowded and economically marginal ﬁshing villages or in
industrial enterprises that lacked staying power (like harvesting
kelp from the sea to make fertilizer). Later they tried emigration
schemes.
Depopulation is not the whole story. Benign landlord policy and
ample employment in ﬁshing allowed the population of Lewis to
grow from 17,000 to 29,000 1841–1901. Nevertheless, Highland
Scotland as a whole was progressively stripped of people and
migration to the Lowlands and overseas in the 18th and 19th
centuries produced a lasting legacy of grievance that has no real
counterpart in the Lowlands, adding to the profound historical
differences between the regions. The 19th-century Highlands
experienced social upheavals which, in their depth and breadth,
were without parallel anywhere in Europe.
In the present day, 90% of Scotland’s people live in the Lowlands,
most of them in towns and cities of the central belt. Scotland
has one-third of Britain’s land area, one-tenth of its population,
and the density of people in the Highlands is just 23 per square
mile (8,550 in Glasgow). Tracts of the north-west remain
empty of any habitation or indeed large animals except deer.
Yet in 1755, half Scotland’s population lived in the north and
west, where there were plainly resources to maintain a substantial
population as well as to feast on, ﬁght over, and gift away. Cattle
droving from the Highlands and Islands to feed Lowlanders
(and later even English towns) was big business from the
17th century.
The extent of historic depopulation is truly staggering. Skye
supported 23,000 people in 1841, 10,000 a century later. More

92

extreme is Tiree, present population 700 outside the surﬁng
season, which had more than 5,000 souls in 1831.

The Highlands and Scottish identity
Conventional understandings of Scottish migration focus on
dispossessed Highlanders, but that is only part of the story
(see Chapter 6). Highland images also play a disproportionate
part in modern conceptions of Scotland’s past. Once more, the
reality is more complex. In fact, the association of the material
aspects of Highland life – heather and thistles, bagpipes and
tartan – with the symbols of being Scottish was created in London
during the 18th-century romantic revival, cemented in the 1810s
and 1820s by a brilliant public relations exercise by the great Tory
and monarchist, the novelist Sir Walter Scott (1771–1832), and
institutionalized by Queen Victoria (1837–1901).

Scott helped popularize the romantic image of the Scot-asHighlander. One of his props was tartan and another was the kilt,
a skirt invented by an Englishman in the 1720s: Highlanders
traditionally wore bolts of cloth called ‘plaids’ that could fall off the
hips or be gathered like trousers. Reinvented by clever marketing
of a fabricated association with names or clans – even Lowland

93

Society

Scott’s novels had already sown the seeds when, recognizing the
new monarch George IV (1820–30) needed a make-over, he
stage-managed his visit to Edinburgh in 1822 (the ﬁrst since
Charles II’s coronation in 1651). Scott’s 1822 production was at
one level gloriously daft, the overweight king, poured into
pseudo-Highland dress, toasting the ‘clans and chieftains of
Scotland’, whom his ancestors had tried to emasculate. At another,
it was profoundly shrewd, publicizing a successful new image for
Scotland that was parallel with the political subordination of the
Union, but which anchored a uniﬁed national identify to the
Hanoverians.

ones – tartan gained its importance as a national symbol by being
a component of Scotto-British imperialism.

Scotland

As a type of cultural patriotism, this manufactured Jacobitism or
Gaelicism was again just a part of being British. Begun in 1842,
Queen Victoria’s sincere love affair with the Highlands gave the
image durability and ‘Balmoralized’ the royal family ever since.
She bought the Aberdeenshire estate of Balmoral in 1848 and it
has been the Windsors’ holiday home ever since. Seeking
reconciliation rather than failing to appreciate the irony, she and
her husband, Prince Albert, were happy to wear Stewart tartans as
well as their own inventions.
Scott has more to answer for as he turned the unacceptable face of
the Highlands into something admirable. Robert MacGregor
(later Campbell) or Rob Roy (1671–1734) was a (plausible and
likeable) cattle thief, fraudster, extortionist, and turncoat, ramped
into a Scottish version of Robin Hood by self-publicity and a
fanciful biographer before becoming a national cultural icon under
Scott’s pen in 1818: a sort of kitsch crook. Scott manufactured an
acceptable Scottishness to protect the Hanoverian dynasty and the
imperial experiment, appreciating the hybrid nature of Scottish
society and inviting his post-Jacobite, post-Enlightenment readers
to embrace diversity in a uniﬁed identity that acknowledged what
political stability and economic change had done for them.
Scott’s ideological creation was a compromise that never quite
came to terms with the antagonism shown by Lowlanders to the
Highlands since the Renaissance. At the time many Lowlanders
were appalled by the apparent gloriﬁcation of what they saw as
barbarism and backwardness. Their attitudes were conﬁrmed and
extended when Irish immigration began in earnest from the
1820s. Later presented as progressive, assiduous, mannerly, and
orderly (when not being parodied), Victorian Scots had a far better
press than the Irish, in turn written up as ungrateful, lazy, vicious,
and semi-barbaric. Yet there was always the uncomfortable sense
94

that there was more than a touch of the Irish about Highlanders.
In their ambivalence towards Highlanders in the 18th century, and
to Highlanders and Irish in the 19th, Lowland Scots displayed a
sense of racial identity that the English lacked. Lowlanders saw
the pursuit of Liberalism, free trade, and economic improvement
having not an ethnic basis in a shared national history, but as
immutable racial characteristics.

Feared, misunderstood, denigrated, or sentimentalized, Scottish
Highlanders retained distinctive social and cultural characteristics
as well as showing elements of ‘Scottishness’ and ‘Britishness’.
Elites tried to bridge the gap with the Lowlands by placing the
Highlands in a mutually supportive relationship with other parts
of Britain, emphasizing how it provided troops and foodstuffs for
empire. Yet Highland society itself remained divided by wealth,
education, language, and outlook during the 19th century. Scott’s
contemporary James Hogg (1770–1835) and later Dr Charles
95

Society

When, stimulated by ethnological endeavours across Europe,
some 19th-century Scots intellectuals looked for a racial basis
for their nation, asking ‘Who are the Scots?’, they found no
common descent. Instead there was only a confusion of identities
and, crucially, a downgraded component (Scottish Gaeldom)
that was distinctive, but at odds with British Anglo-Saxondom
(whose Scottish dimension included a claim for the Pictish not
Gaelic origins of the nation). The fact that Scotland never had a
single (or even a simple) ethnic background meant that efforts to
create nationalism on the continental model were doomed.
Lowlanders’ partly shared identity with the English meant that
most Scots tended enthusiastically to endorse Union, involvement
in empire, and the more calm, rational, and decent monarchical
alternative to the dangerous nationalisms of post-1848 Europe.
Lowlanders in particular saw Scotland’s Gaelic heritage as at
worst an embarrassment and at best a side-show. One of the
many contradictions in past and present Scottish nationalism is
this confused sense of ethnic identity (Who are the Scots like?).

Mackay (1814–89) produced anthologies of song that implied a
uniﬁed culture, but again ignored both past and present social and
cultural stratiﬁcation.
If some Highlanders sought integration, others reacted by seeking
to bolster their own separate identity through, for example, the
foundation of the Free Presbyterian Church in 1893. A fading
Gaelic language was another focus (see Chapter 7). Scottish
history is made up of countervailing inﬂuences between the native
and the external, between independence and subordination, but it
is also shaped by tensions within Scotland itself of which the most
profound historically was Highland-Lowland.

Scotland

The modern Highlands
More important than language, ethnicity, or religion to
Highlanders’ identity was their emotional and material
relationship to family, community, and land. From the Dark Ages
to the 20th century, Highland mentalities have been pervaded by
linked senses of kin and place mediated through access to land.
The most obvious manifestation was in robust traditions of
opposition to what Highlanders saw as betrayal by their erstwhile
chiefs. Forcible ejections produced protests in the early and
mid-19th century, but later campaigns were more constructive,
using the vague but important idea of duthchas and the resources
of centuries-old memories to restore expropriated land to the
descendants of those who had once cultivated it. Beginning in the
1880s, ‘Land Raids’ continued into the 1920s and are
commemorated both in the folk song and poetry of the time and in
the elegiac sculptures of modern Fife artist Will Maclean (1941– )
in the now barren landscapes of the Western Isles.
Political tension between the long ingrained concepts of dual
ownership and owner-occupation existed in the Highlands
96

Land remains important, but modern Highland identity focuses
more on its status as an underdeveloped region and on the
political pursuit of economic and social advantage from
government or EU. This tendency began in the early 19th century,
when the ﬁrst major public works programme in British history
was tried out on the Highlands as the Treasury spent heavily on
roads and bridges to improve infrastructure and create jobs. It was
consolidated in 1965 with the establishment of the Highlands and
Island Development Board. Current success is shown by rising
population, especially on Skye, whereas that of Scotland as a
whole is falling.
Obstacles to regeneration remain. Some people have a romantic
vision of the Highlands, but it is a difﬁcult environment and its
people had hard lives. Highland emigration in the 20th century
was mainly of young people seeking to escape not ‘clearances’ (the
emotive description of forcible population redistribution), but the
97

Society

between 1886 and the 1920s. Liberals sought to reduce the
landowners’ inﬂuence by granting security of tenure to the
crofters; the Conservatives wished to release the landowner from
his unremunerative croft land and grant the crofter
owner-occupation. Reforms proceeded. The 1883 Napier
Commission helped settle disputes over rent and tenure, while the
1886 Crofters’ Holdings Act reduced the landowners’ inﬂuence
over the crofters. An Act of 1897 could have revolutionized the
Highlands, but the situation required a change of attitude towards
both agriculture and husbandry that was shunned by the crofters.
The farming community itself was divided, not only between
owners and occupiers of land, but also between crofters, who held
a small plot of land, and cottars, who were labourers or tolerated
squatters. Crofters wanted lower rents, security of tenure (not
necessarily ownership), and larger, more viable crofts; cottars just
wanted crofts; all wanted recently fenced-off grazing restored. For
the Victorian and Edwardian crofter, land was symbolic of security
and status.

self-exploitation of the family farm. The island of St Kilda was
completely evacuated in 1930 at the request of its inhabitants.

Scotland

Finding work now can be difﬁcult and housing even harder. Unlike
Norway or the Netherlands, no legislation restricts non-local or
non-national ownership of homes and land in Scotland. PM
Margaret Thatcher sold off much council housing, so renting is
difﬁcult. Buying can be nearly impossible. Remote and idyllic
villages like Plockton (Ross & Cromarty) have house prices close to
urban levels and far beyond local earnings. Not surprisingly, this
has made economic change all the more difﬁcult. Resentment has
spilled over into minor ‘English out’ campaigns against second
homes, for some believe there is an unacceptable social cost in
allowing rural Scotland to be plaything for the prosperous.
The region’s continuing social problems are exempliﬁed in the
persistently high rates of alcoholism and male suicide. More
constructively, a strong collective memory and powerful traditions
of afﬁrmative action are shown in the bitter but successful
campaign against the Skye Bridge tolls (1995–2004) and in tenant
buyouts of land from absentee owners of, for example, the Assynt
estates (1993) and Island of Eigg (1997).
Distinctions between Highland and Lowland Scotland have
become increasingly blurred, but for visitors and incomers alike
there is still something self-contained and serious about the
people of the north and west, and still a feel of the frontier about
places like Ullapool, Lerwick, and Lochinver.

98

Chapter 5
Economy and environment

The agricultural millennia
There have been people in Europe for at least 50,000 years, and it
seems likely that in earlier Palaeolithic periods when the climate
was kind (prior to c. 25000 BC) nomadic bands from the sparse
population may have moved about northern Britain. However, all
traces of humanity were obliterated by the Ice Age that ended in
Scotland roughly 10,000 years ago. Glaciation helped resettlement
because, in a reversal of global warming, water became ice and sea
levels dropped dramatically, creating causeways between Britain
and the Continent and between Scotland and Ireland. Climate
continued to improve in this Mesolithic period (up to c. 4000 BC)
and trees, animals, and eventually people moved northwards.
Scotland may once again have had some human inhabitants as
early as 8000 BC, but the earliest recorded settlement is of a group
of hunters on the Isle of Rum dating to c. 7000 BC. Extensive
settlement did not take place until after c. 6000 BC, however the
colonists were clearly accomplished sailors as many archaeological
remains are found in the Western Isles. By this stage, the relative
simplicity of early hunters had given way to hunter-gatherers’
extensive exploitation of environmental resources on land, river,
and sea. Yet these were still nomads who moved seasonally and
left limited archaeological remains, their few artefacts suggesting
99

that settlers came less from England than from Ireland and the
North Sea basin. The land divided and the sea united, as it was to
do for thousands of years.

Scotland

From c. 4000 BC, hunter-gatherers became more or less
permanently settled farmers who cultivated crops, domesticated
animals, developed new technologies (including pottery), and left
evidence of sophisticated communal cultures and belief systems.
This Neolithic age (up to c. 2500 BC) overlapped with the
Mesolithic and for thousands of years, thanks partly to the
abundance of resources, people adapted more or less peacefully to
migrations and to changes in climate and technologies and the
lifestyles they brought.
Dark Age Scotland may not have been as poor as it later became.
Treasure troves found by archaeologists, and the fact that both
southern kings and Scandinavians thought it worth plundering,
suggest otherwise. The same is true of the late Middle Ages and,
except when decimated by disease or warfare (as in the early 14th
century), population remained steady until demographic increase
and bad weather created widespread famines in the late 16th and
17th centuries. Pre-modern economies were just as fragile as
modern capitalism. The 1640s and 1650s were economically
disastrous for Scotland as war disrupted trade, bad harvests
created misery, and plague purged populations. Black-market
lenders charged interest rates of 15–20% unprecedented until the
1970s. The late 1690s saw starvation, population displacement,
and mortality from disease.
For centuries, Scottish agriculture mixed arable and pastoral
farming, depending on geography, soil, and climate. There was
some specialization – cattle- and sheep-raising in upland areas,
grain production in the lowlands – but it was not until the 17th
century that the Lothians began to witness major agrarian change
in response to Dutch examples and growing demand from

100

Edinburgh. Tenant numbers were reduced and farm sizes rose;
ﬁeld systems were reorganized from intermixed strips (runrig) to
consolidated holdings; and new techniques of manuring, liming,
and crop rotation made soil more fertile. After c. 1750, other areas
of Lowland Scotland quickly followed.

Industrialization
Scotland had industry before the 18th century. Industrial sites
existed in the Neolithic period, making stone axes, for example
(though these were also imported from northern Ireland). Iron
Age people were the ﬁrst to exploit mineral resources for industry,
but coal-mining took off only in the 16th century, using
indentured miners whose status was close to serfs. Early coal
production in the Lothians and Fife went to domestic hearths and
to boil off sea water to make salt, but output expanded rapidly in
the 18th century. From a few hundred tons a year c. 1700, Fife coal
production alone surged to nearly 10 million tons a year in 1913.
Until the 19th century, most other manufacturing was dispersed,
small-scale ‘cottage industry’, using simple tools to process
organic, agriculturally derived raw materials like wood, skin, hair,
or plants.

101

Economy and environment

The century 1750 to 1850 is usually called an age of agricultural
‘improvement’, both by its contemporary exponents and by later
historians. The changes created the ordered modern landscape of
ﬁelds, lanes, and substantial farmhouses, the necessary precursors
of vastly improved agricultural output. Thanks to mechanization,
it now takes less than one ‘man-day’ per year to tend an acre of
barley compared with 22 in 1840 – when Lowland agriculture led
the world. Agricultural improvement and economic diversiﬁcation
into trade and industry saw Scotland’s population increasingly
urbanized from 1750. Just 3% of Scots lived in large towns in
1650, but 30% in 1841. One-quarter worked in agriculture in 1841,
10% by 1911, and a mere 1% today.

Scotland

Native manufacturing was slow to develop prior to c. 1780, but
Scots had for centuries had economic interests in many such
enterprises abroad and economic achievement also came through
complete inﬁltration of other peoples’ commerce (notably in
Scandinavia and the Baltic), anticipating the role of later
countrymen within the post-1707 British Empire. Yet there was
domestic industry and trade: in the late 17th century dozens of
new market centres were founded across the Lowlands and as
many as one-third of the population may have had a
non-agricultural job like making textiles, admittedly often
part-time. There were concentrated enterprises like mines,
shipyards, and the Carron Ironworks (Stirlings.) in the 18th
century, but factories were not really a feature of industry until
after the 1820s.
With basic industries and extensive, sophisticated European trade
ties, the Scots would have managed economically during the 18th
century, as they had for centuries before, but it is inconceivable
that they would have done so well without access to England’s
colonial and domestic markets after the 1707 Union. A major
winner was Glasgow, its 18th-century prosperity founded on
tobacco and other colonially sourced groceries like sugar, which
had changed from luxury to mass-market commodities during the
17th century. Only the 11th richest Scottish town in 1560, it was
second to Edinburgh in 1660 (then still by far the wealthiest city)
and it has been larger since the mid-18th century, now numbering
650,000 to Edinburgh’s 450,000. Made by colonial trade like
Bristol or Liverpool, Glasgow did not, like them, participate in the
slave trade, though there were Scots slavers operating out of
England and Scottish slave owners in the southern colonies and
the Caribbean.
From the Middle Ages, towns like Glasgow existed to make things,
to buy and sell, and to provide services. On the east coast, Dundee
illustrates the changing economy of another major city. Second in
size to Edinburgh in the Middle Ages (it was one of 52 royal
102

burghs in 1296), it traded and sailed, with ﬁshing and whaling
feeding into shipbuilding: Scott of the Antarctic’s vessel Discovery
was launched there in 1901. Linen manufacturing in the 18th
century was followed by jute (a hemp-like ﬁbre from India) in
the 19th. Fruit processing and publishing were also important
industries in the 19th and 20th centuries. Dundee in the
19th-century was a proud and successful city with ﬁne public
architecture. Employment opportunities were skewed towards
women (three-quarters of jute workers were female) and jobs for
men often took them away from home, making Dundee a ‘female’
town that spawned a strong suffragette movement.

Industrial work for women was mostly in textiles, centred in
Lanarkshire, Renfrewshire, and the north-east Lowlands, while
heavy industry such as iron and steel works and shipbuilding
concentrated in and around Glasgow in the 19th century. The
chemical complex at St Rollox in Glasgow was the largest
manufactory in the world, while the merger of the thread-making
ﬁrms of J. & P. Coats and Clarks of Paisley in 1896 created the
largest manufacturing ﬁrm in Britain (and ﬁfth largest in the
world). For two centuries from c. 1760, Clyde shipbuilding
epitomized Scotland’s industrial success, and the yards were
collectively the world’s biggest in 1914.
103

Economy and environment

More normally, women were expected to take up any slack
when demand for labour was buoyant and to make way for a
man when it was not. Yet they were important industrial workers
long before factories: for every male weaver of the 17th or 18th
century, three or four women and children were employed
preparing the raw materials for textiles. About one-third of
Scottish women did paid work in 1901, but the proportion of
married women in remunerated employment was half that of
England. Men took their role as breadwinner seriously and
employment was an important part of masculine identity. As late
as the 1970s, women were still expected to stop paid work when
they married.

Scotland

9. The Forth Railway Bridge is the most recognizable icon of modern
Scotland and an example of its remarkable 19th-century industrial
success

By 1911, Scotland’s economy resembled that of the rest of Britain,
mixing industrial, textile, and service industries. Despite
comprising only 10% of Britain’s GDP, the ﬁrst years of the
20th century marked the zenith of power and inﬂuence of Scottish
capitalists, who controlled the biggest concentration of heavy
industry in Britain and exerted substantial political inﬂuence.
Their wealth, nestling in a separate Scottish banking system,
enabled them to invest in shipping lines, railway companies,
mining ventures, and vast expanses of farmland in North and
South America, Australia, and South Africa. Alliance Trust, a
Dundee-based investment trust founded in 1888 to channel funds
into developing Australian and North American infrastructure,
is currently Britain’s largest such investment vehicle. Within
Scotland, the Forth Railway Bridge was opened in 1890 and
remains the country’s most internationally recognized icon.
At no time before or since had Scotland been so closely integrated
into the power structures of the empire it had helped to make and
104

run as it was prior to World War I. At no time had it been so
economically important. The society was peaceful. But there
remained problems. Scotland had some of the worst slums in
Britain. Social alignments and political allegiances were changing
too. The stability produced by industrial expansion and
benevolent paternalism was being replaced by the tensions of
class. Coupled with a harsher economic climate after World War I,
these forces would create a very different 20th-century Scotland.

Environment

People exploited resources to their limit. The rich had gardens or
‘policies’ decorated with plants, and in the early cities there were
‘physic’ or medicinal herb gardens, but everyone else used the land
for whatever food it could generate. The only reason they did not
ﬁsh out the seas is because they lacked the technology. What
9,000 sailing boats caught in the 19th century can now be taken
from the sea by three dozen trawlers. Convenient forests were
exploited to make charcoal for iron smelting until the land was
stripped bare, as happened around the Bonawe works at Taynuilt
(Argylls.), though more usually woodland was closely managed,
105

Economy and environment

It is a myth that pre-industrial people were more environmentally
aware than post-industrial. True, until the widespread use of coal,
energy came mainly from water, wood, or the muscles of people
and animals, and was thus largely ‘renewable’. So did most
industrial raw materials until extensive exploitation of mineral
resources in the 19th century. But the truth is that people worked
with their environment because they did not have the means to
tame it. They freely dumped domestic and industrial waste: water
closets, introduced to middle-class homes in growing numbers
from c. 1800, discharged into the street to end up in someone
else’s back-yard or in rivers, which were used as sewers or dumps
as well as sources of water. Noxious substances used in and
created by early industrial processes were left to scour the
landscape and destroy the health of those who worked with them.

because timber was a valuable commodity and scarce even in the
Middle Ages, as much clearance had been done by earlier farmers.

Scotland

The wooded pre-modern environment was more biodiverse than
it is now and richer in wildlife, but many apparently timeless
features of Scotland’s natural life are relatively recent. Heather
only spread to the Cheviots in the 13th century, and for the last
200 years it has been on the decline across Scotland thanks to
sheep grazing and forestry projects, though it still occupies 10% of
the land area. For comparison, just 3% is now covered by towns,
and woodlands make up 14%. Climatic change and the
introduction of large numbers of livestock to the Highlands in the
mid-19th century created a habitat which turned midges from an
occasional into a persistent nuisance.
Environmental awareness and management has improved
immeasurably in recent years, with changing sensibilities reﬂected
in and guided by Scottish, British, and EU legislation. Mankind’s
recent attempts to harness nature to provide renewable energy
have produced mixed results for the landscape. Nobody thinks
twice about hydro-electric projects like Cruachan (Argylls., 1965),
that use a controlled ﬂow of water from a high loch to a lower
one to power turbines – then pump it back up using off-peak
electricity. Nuclear is another issue. Torness nuclear power station
(1988) to the east of Edinburgh might be carbon-neutral, but it is
also a monstrosity only too visible from the east-coast main road
and train line – near the equally hideous Cockenzie coal-powered
station (1967). The only other functioning nuclear plant in
Scotland is Hunterston (Ayrs., 1976). Dounreay (Caithness, 1966),
built when technology really was white-hot, closed in 1998. At
least it was away from population, though the Norwegians might
disagree. Opinion is divided on another energy artefact in the
landscape – wind farms. Dating from the late 1990s, some see in
them the majestic and environmentally friendly, others the noisy
and out-of-place. A wave power plant is due to be constructed off
Orkney in 2008–9.
106

Post-industrialization
Scots had supported free trade since the 17th century, but for
much of the 20th century market capitalism’s beneﬁts for Scotland
were elusive. In the short term, World War I favoured the heavy
industries in which Scotland excelled, but demand for coal, steel,
manufactures, and textiles dried up in the 1920s and 1930s,
creating mass unemployment of up to 25% for the ﬁrst time. The
empire that had created markets began to compete in providing
both raw materials like wool and ﬁnished products like jute.
Scotland lost heavy industry and services like banks to the south
and it could not attract new light industries such as car-making,
chemicals, or consumer goods. The north–south divide in Britain
was at its starkest during the Great Depression (1929–36).

Structural economic problems persisted and the last of Scotland’s
traditional industry disappeared in the 1980s. It now has no
107

Economy and environment

Scotland’s industry was never the same afterwards. Post-war
Britain’s people had enormous faith in the power of the state.
Social infrastructure was indeed dramatically improved by the
welfare state, with centrally planned government intervention
profoundly changing the relationship between state and society.
However, attempts to direct the post-war economy were much less
successful. Prestige projects, such as the Linwood car plant (West
Lothian), were brought to Scotland for political reasons, but
demand for consumer products remained low and attempts to
diversify the economy were no more successful than between the
wars. Widespread ownership of domestic ‘white goods’ like
televisions, vacuum cleaners, and washing machines did not come
until the 1960s and they were mostly imports. Overseas
competition during the 1960s signalled the onset of deep
economic malaise and the launch of the liner Queen Elizabeth II
on the Clyde in 1967 was a postscript to a proud industrial past.
After two centuries centred on Glasgow, Scotland’s economic focus
began to shift back to Edinburgh.

Scotland

working coal mines. Yet modern Scotland is an economic success
thanks to ﬁnancial services, high-tech industries, and
tourism/leisure. Employing 20% of the labour force, ﬁnancial
services (banking, fund management, pensions, and insurance)
build on a long tradition. Some of the richest men of the 17th
century were moneylenders, like goldsmith George Heriot,
founder of the eponymous Edinburgh school. Scotland’s currency
was different until the use of sterling became widespread in the
18th century, when a Scots pound (just one of many currencies
then in use) had slumped from rough parity in the Middle Ages to
one-twelfth of a pound sterling. The ﬁnancial model for the
creation of the Bank of England in 1694 was Dutch, though
tweaked by a Scotsman, William Paterson.
Scotland’s own banking system was ‘free’ in the sense that it had
no lender of last resort: competition between the Bank of Scotland
(1695), the Royal Bank (1727), and other subsequent foundations
delivering a more or less stable monetary environment until
legislation in 1845 created much closer regulation. Scottish banks
issued their own banknotes and, alongside those in Northern
Ireland, still do. Frowned upon by some Londoners and most
foreign exchange bureaux, these are worth exactly the same as a
Bank of England note.
Scots inventors Alexander Graham Bell (1847–1922) – the
telephone – and John Logie Baird (1888–1946) – the television –
together made the modern computer age possible. During the
1970s and 1980s, electronics was a successful sector of the Scottish
economy, with the long-established presence of IBM and Hewlett
Packard as part of ‘Silicon Glen’ (not a place, simply a nickname
for high-tech industries in Scotland). Yet its future is uncertain.
When Timex withdrew in the early 1990s, Dundee’s fortunes
slumped; NCR is still there (making cash registers), but
retrenching. Computing is the world’s largest industry and there
are innovative specialist electronic companies, Scotland currently
excelling more in areas such as biotechnology and software
108

development than the hardware side of high-tech. Dundee is now
reviving on the back of digital media companies.
Though subject to the vagaries of weather (some Scots ironically
quip that global warming is no bad thing), the ﬂuctuating US
dollar, and fear of terrorism, tourism ﬂourishes, especially in
historic towns and for outdoor activities such as golf, sailing,
climbing, hill-walking, and scuba diving. The service sector as a
whole has been the success story of the last generation. After all,
one can buy televisions and trainers manufactured in China, but it
is hard to out-source a haircut or an order of haddock and chips
to India. Whisky production accounts for just 2% of Scottish
employment, but it is Scotland’s most valuable export and ranks
ﬁfth among UK export-earning manufactures.
Economy and environment

109

Chapter 6
Scotland and the wider world

Scots and English
Scots–English enmity is a fact of life, but it is not inherent. As
Chapter 1 showed, Dark Age Britain was politically and socially
ﬂuid. Dynastic alliances and ‘Normanization’ might have created
greater unity in the Middle Ages. Indeed, the English only started
seeing the Scots (and the Irish and Welsh) as barbarous and alien
in the 12th century, Lowlanders perceived Highlanders as
different from the 14th century (and vice versa), and a settled
Anglophobia is clear among Scots by 1400. Thereafter, tensions
were never far beneath the surface of Scots–English relationships.
While the Norman kings of England might sometimes treat the
Scots shabbily, it was the Wars of Independence that really soured
relations. Strictly speaking, the wars only lasted until 1328, but
conﬂict continued viciously if intermittently until 1560, creating a
legacy of distrust, double-dealing, broken promises, and betrayal
that continues to invigorate relations between Scotland and
England today. Edward I set the ball rolling. Installations of
Scottish kings (proper coronations from 1329) were held at Scone
(Perths.). Among other vandalism, Edward removed the ‘Stone of
Destiny’ from Scone, hoping to appropriate a symbol of the
antiquity and lineage of Scotland’s kings. They stood rather than
sat on it, making bizarre its placement like a commode under the
110

coronation throne in Westminster Abbey until, in 1996, it was
given back in a sad attempt to protect Tory seats in Scotland.
Later English kings managed effortlessly to build on Edward’s
legacy, and as early as 1348 a chronicler told how the Scots
rejoiced as the English died in droves from the plague, while in
1435 a traveller remarked: ‘nothing pleases the Scots more than
abuse of the English’. In 1400, Henry IV took an army to
Edinburgh in a lame attempt to press his claim as overlord of
Scotland, but was politely sent home. Edward IV (1461–83) and
Henry VII (1485–1509) were more diplomatic: Henry concluded a
‘perpetual peace’ in 1502 and married his daughter Margaret to
James IV, enabling the Union of the Crowns in 1603.

With grandiose imperial ambitions and a belief in Scotland’s
dynastic dependency, Henry VIII pushed much harder than his
father Henry VII. Plans to marry James V’s infant daughter Mary,
Queen of Scots, to Henry’s son Edward were scuppered by the
shrewd diplomacy of her mother, Mary of Guise, following James’s
death in 1542 after the Battle of Solway Moss. Henry’s subsequent
touch was none too subtle: a ‘rough wooing’ that included
damaging attacks on southern Scotland.
By then, there was no going back in relations between the peoples.
The claim that God himself was English comes from a
self-boosting text of 1559 that warned the English to ‘fear neither
French nor Scots’. Even when aided by English playwright William
Shakespeare, who made the Scots in ‘Macbeth’ (c. 1605–6) as
111

Scotland and the wider world

Over time, English kings came to recognize that Scotland could
not be conquered and that England was only one of its concerns,
though they never really accepted the independence that this
implied. For their part, medieval Scottish chronicles set Scotland
in the context of European and Middle Eastern history and there
were long periods when Scotland’s political nation seemed
indifferent to their neighbour.

noble and courtly as the English, James VI/I’s hope that the Scots
would forget the arrogance of the English to create a union ‘with
ane universall unanimitie of hairtis’ ignored centuries of history.

Scotland

Institutionalized discrimination and casual racism touched the
Scots in England. Some lawyers were optimistic enough to claim
English citizenship for Scots, but Henry VII passed an act in 1492
to deport non-naturalized Scots from England. Borderers felt
ambivalent about the neighbours because of centuries of raiding.
Wrongly calling someone a Scot was actionable in the
15th-century north of England, and Newcastle’s guilds ﬂatly
refused to accept Scottish apprentices.
As economic migrants, later Scots were patronized or viliﬁed in
the popular art and literature of 18th-century London, when
cartoons parodying the manners and aspirations of parsimonious
and parochial Scots-on-the-make set the tone for 19th- and
20th-century media stereotypes. The Scottish surgeons who
sought work in 18th-century London were ‘like ﬂocks of vultures’
to one disaffected observer, while philosopher David Hume and
his contemporary the Earl of Bute, George III’s erstwhile tutor and
a leading politician of the 1760s, personally felt the anti-Scottish
sentiment there. Scottish MPs and peers were described, in terms
that might secretly please their modern equivalents, as ‘very ﬁt for
business, intriguing, cunning, tricking sort of men’. Even when
contributing to it, Scots continued to feel estranged from English
society, yet aware that cultural models, economic opportunities,
and political focus lay there.

Cultural inﬂuences
Historic Scots, like their modern successors, thought about
England only when they had to. For centuries, there was the whole
of Europe to consider: from the papacy in Rome, to trade with the
Baltic and Low Countries, to education and diplomacy in France.
English inﬂuence there was, but until the 18th century it was only
112

one of many, and in important areas like education, law, and
religion it was among the least signiﬁcant. From then there was a
world empire too.

Medieval Scots wool went to Bruges (modern Belgium), then part
of Burgundy, which supplied James II’s queen, Mary of Gueldres,
and two huge siege canons, one of which, ‘Mons Meg’, still points
out from Edinburgh castle. Scots in the 16th and 17th centuries
traded across the Baltic and North Sea, but notably with Veere and
Rotterdam in the Low Countries, where they exchanged raw
materials for specialist manufactures, including Delftware and
Dutch paintings. Europe’s universities contributed to the
development of Scottish culture. Edinburgh’s Botanic Gardens
were founded by Sir Robert Sibbald on the model of Leiden’s
‘physic’ gardens (1667), and Dutch training led to the ﬂourishing
Scottish medical schools of the 18th century.
Scotland was hardly a major player, but Scottish Renaissance kings
were supposed to be cultured and James I had the reputation
of an accomplished archer, musician, and poet, best known for the
‘Kingis Quair’. Later monarchs cut a ﬁgure on the European stage
by cockiness, careful diplomacy, and a feel for the right modes and
fashions in culture and architecture. Renaissance literary culture
was largely advisory and political, and when James III composed
113

Scotland and the wider world

Europe offered Scotland an enduring alternative focus for warfare
and diplomacy, commerce, and culture. The ‘Auld Alliance’ with
France offered military support against England, though it rested
on a much older Anglo-Norman presence: in 1212, the Scottish
court was described as ‘French in race and manner of life, in
speech and in culture’ – as were many courts from Burgos to
Jerusalem. English kings who wanted to pursue claims to French
territory (as they did until the 16th century) had to think twice
about Scottish raids. Scottish soldiers fought with the French
against the English in the 15th century and in Protestant armies in
the wars that ravaged continental Europe from 1618 to 1648.

poetry, or James V commissioned it from Buchanan and
Sir David Lindsay, or when James VI wrote about government,
each was being cultured, but each was also using the culture
of his court to act a political part. For the same reasons, all Stewart
monarchs patronized Italian, French, and English musicians.

Scotland

From the Middle Ages, examples of Continental architectural
styles enriched Scotland’s built environment. English
perpendicular architecture is almost unknown in late medieval
Scottish churches and the strongest analogies are with the French
‘ﬂamboyant’ style. Romanesque-looking architectural features of
the 14th–16th century are found at four important ecclesiastical
centres, Aberdeen, Dunkeld, St Andrews, and Dunfermline. This
assertive Scottish Romanesque revival heralded the reception of
Italian Renaissance architectural motifs. Linlithgow Palace, begun
by James I in 1425 and extended by James III and James IV, was

10. The Scots were always a migratory people, here depicted as
soldiers ﬁghting for Sweden in northern Germany during the Thirty
Years War, 1618–48 (though wrongly labelled Irish in The German
caption). The image shows the ways in which a ‘plaid’, or bolt of cloth,
could be worn
114

modelled on Italian seignorial palaces such as the Palazzo Venezia,
and other lavish projects included the Palace Block at Stirling
Castle and Falkland Palace (both early 16th century).
Dutch-inﬂuenced crow-stepped gables characterize vernacular
architecture from the 15th to 17th centuries, notably in Fife ﬁshing
villages from Culross to Crail.

Emigration

As the proverb suggests, Scottish emigration was an established
fact from the 13th century, and by the 17th century, Scots can be
found in Scandinavia and the Baltic (including Russia), the Low
Countries, and Iberia, as well as France. Some were traders, other
soldiers and sailors, a few were students. Temporary and
permanent, much of the movement was by individuals. Most were
young men, helping to explain why for centuries the age at ﬁrst
marriage for women was so late. Some were families, but
organized mobility only took off in the 17th century.
The ﬁrst example, the plantation of Ulster (1609–41), was a piece
of social engineering carried out by English and Scottish
‘undertakers’: landed proprietors who undertook to people their
115

Scotland and the wider world

‘Rats, lice and Scotsmen: you ﬁnd them everywhere’, or so a
medieval French proverb ran. Against the usual preconception
that people were born, lived, and died within sight of their parish
church prior to industrialization and the railways (as they really
did in France), the Scots were a highly mobile people from an early
date. Half the population of an 18th-century parish might move
elsewhere within a generation, to be replaced by incomers, thanks
to insecure land tenure, sometimes restricted economic
opportunities, a poor relief system where the able-bodied
unemployed struggled to get help, and mobility of the young to
work as domestic and agricultural servants (which is how most
people spent their teens prior to the 20th century). Moving home
or job was quite normal, so for many emigration was not a wrench.

Scotland

assigned lands with tenants well affected to crown and
Protestantism. Late 17th-century Scots immigrants were mostly
industrious, intent Presbyterians ﬂeeing persecution, their beliefs
squaring them not only against native Irish Catholics, but also
members of the Anglican Church of Ireland: an enduringly bitter
cocktail. More 17th-century Scots probably went to the Baltic, but
the long-term political legacy of their presence in Ulster is far
weightier than mere numbers because of the distinctive way
incomers there perceived their religious and social mission. Others
started to move to the North American (New Jersey and South
Carolina) and Caribbean colonies, especially from the end of the
17th century, though English emigration to America was far
greater.
Scottish emigration gathered pace in the 18th century. Some
60,000 emigrated voluntarily 1700–80, but not all movers had a
choice. There was a white slave trade in children as young as 9 or
10, kidnapped from the alleys of 17th-century Aberdeen for sale in
Virginia; 100,000 young children, by no means all orphans, were
shipped to Canada c. 1870–1920; and as late as the 1960s, forcible
emigration to Australia was a way of dealing with orphans and
children of the destitute. Australia was also a dumping ground for
transported convicts, 1776–1857.
Better-known injustices than the child trade are the 19th-century
clearances of population, notably the sometimes tragic tale of the
Highlands discussed earlier. Yet forcible clearance of the
Highlands is only part of the story. Late 18th- and early
19th-century Highland migration was often peasant-led, with
landowners keen to prevent movement: a sort of ‘people’s
clearance’. And if one sort of migrant came from those
dispossessed by the Highland clearances, Lowland
(disproportionately urban and industrial) emigration was every
bit as signiﬁcant as Highland (rural agrarian). Here the outﬂow
was not from some backward, agrarian society like that of Norway
or Portugal, but a dynamic, modern economy that may
116

nevertheless have shed two million people c. 1800–1939. The
majority went to North America (28% to Canada, 44% to the
USA) and 25% to the Antipodes. Roughly half a million Scots
emigrated to Australia 1781–1987.

While Scots in Ulster strove for Union and a Protestant homeland,
its emigrants elsewhere did not, preferring to make their way by
‘ﬁtting in’. For example, Scots and Scots-Irish (or rather
Scots-British) became Americans, Catholic-Irish became
Irish-Americans, retaining an identity and lending powerful
support for Irish nationalism. Scots abroad form an ethnic
category, loosely incorporated by sense of history and perceived
difference with outsiders. They also constitute an ethnic
association, with social and sometimes political organization to
express shared aims, but not an ethnic community that has a clear
national, territorial reference point (like the Irish), however
117

Scotland and the wider world

Victorian emigrants from Scotland, whose population drain was
second only to Ireland in Europe, were thus as likely to be
voluntary exiles from a vital, industrializing, and urbanizing
society with an improving standard of living – which attracted
substantial Irish immigration. Literate, skilled, and motivated,
Scotland exported what were often its best. Scots had been
important in making North America, with tobacco traders and
other merchants in the major towns of the eastern seaboard. Prior
to 1850, nearly all British doctors and many clergymen in North
America (and anywhere else) were either Scots or Scottish trained;
Scottish educators too ﬂourished at Princeton and Philadelphia.
Emigrant industrialists helped modernize and develop foreign
economies, notably Thomas Glover (1838–1911) in Japan and
Andrew Carnegie (1835–1919) in the USA. Emigration was again
particularly rapid in the 1920s, 1930s, and 1960s. In an age of
national angst, the poet Edwin Muir (1887–1959) saw the 1930s as
a ‘silent clearance’. Scottish emigration rates are currently still the
highest in the UK, this from a demonstrably successful modern
economy.

sympathetic the countless millions of Scots descent currently
living worldwide feel towards their ancestral homeland (such
feelings are strongest in former ‘white’ colonies). Scots ﬁt in and,
perhaps for that reason, the world likes them.

Scotland

Well, maybe not all the world. There are now nearly 1.2 million
Scots-born inhabitants of England, and they and Scottish visitors
are sometimes subject to the casual racism of ‘pet’ names like ‘Jock’
(John, rather than a sporty type) and routine references to haggis,
whisky, and kilts that would provoke outcry if directed against the
supposed cultural icons of other minorities. Identifying modern
Scots (or Irish) by the alleged characteristics of their possibly
Celtic ancestors – such as love of alcohol or ﬁghting – is merely an
extension of 19th-century racist stereotyping.
This apparently trivial condescension highlights how some
English are in two minds about the Scots, accepting them as fellow
Britons while still seeing them as different and even perhaps as an
annoyance. Scots may feel the same about the English (see below).
English ambivalence explains why former PM Tony Blair
(1997–2007), born and raised in Edinburgh, once refused to
answer directly when asked if he thought himself Scottish, for to
say so could have been politically damaging. Current PM Gordon
Brown, more obviously a Scot (brought up in Kirkcaldy, Fife),
might sometimes like to do the same.

Empire
Scots peopled, and many helped to run, the British Empire of the
18th and 19th centuries. But Scotland’s ﬁrst imperial experiences
were on the receiving end. The Romans, wisdom has it, brought
civilization to northern Europe: towns, roads, literacy, art, and
baths. In the words of the famous spoof history of England, 1066
and all that (1930): ‘The Roman Conquest was . . . a Good Thing,
since the Britons were only natives at that time.’ Yet Roman
Britain was as populated as Stewart Britain and there was
118

sophisticated agriculture, industry, government, and
communications long before the Romans, who labelled the
inhabitants of Britain barbarians for their own purposes. Robust
native societies, economies, and political systems may explain why
many cultural aspects of Roman rule, such as their religion, never
took hold. Latin persisted only among the learned, though it
enriched all vocabularies. There was also a tangible legacy of
buildings, roads, and boundaries in the landscape and the vaguer,
but still important, experience of integration into Europe-wide
political and economic networks.

The second imperial experience was at the hands of the Norsemen
and from aspirant Northumbrian and then English monarchs. As
early as the 10th century, kings of England liked to claim rule over
‘all other peoples living in the ambit of the British island’. The
Normans too had aspirations, better realized by indirect inﬂuence
than the heavy-handed efforts at imposition by Edward I and his
successors. ‘Empire’ for the English meant domination of Britain
(and preferably of France too) right up to the 16th century, though
after the Wars of Independence English attacks were more to
punish or to pre-empt a Scottish threat than serious attempts to
conquer the country.
From James III onwards, Scots monarchs too made explicitly
imperial claims of extension and consolidation. One implication
119

Scotland and the wider world

The colonized peoples, experiencing what the Romans did to
rather than for them, endured 350 years of expropriation,
exploitation, and military occupation. The Romans tore apart
pre-existing political institutions to create a top-down imperial
machine, sacriﬁcing the development of indigenous peoples to
Roman needs. Ardoch fort (Perths.) housed 20,000 soldiers in the
2nd century, and the campaigns of Septimius Severus against the
Maeatae and the Caledonians of the eastern Lowlands in the early
3rd century involved rampaging armies of perhaps 50,000 men –
numbers without precedent before or since on British soil.

Scotland

was facing up to their internal colonial problem and they used
policy, propaganda, and force to assimilate, pacify, and ‘civilize’ a
Gaelic-speaking clan society tainted with what the Statutes of Iona
termed in 1609 ‘barbarity and incivility’. Only in the 18th century
was the ‘British Empire’ redeﬁned ideologically to stress not the
dominance of one part over another, but a shared enterprise or
common wealth, yet that identity was partly achieved by the
unremitting project to ‘civilize’ the Highlands.
After the collapse of their own overseas-empire-building project in
Panama, Scots participated eagerly in Britain’s world empire and
revelled in its beneﬁts. They owned much of the land on Grenada
and Jamaica in the mid-18th century. One-ninth of civil servants
and one-third of army ofﬁcers in late 18th-century India were
Scots. The rousing anthem ‘Rule Britannia’ was composed by the
Anglo-Scot James Thomson in 1740. The British Empire
encompassed one-quarter of the human race in 1914, when young
Scotsmen ﬂocked to defend it against Germany (27% of adult
males fought; 100,000 never came back), and Scotland’s
19th-century industrial and commercial success is unthinkable
without it.
Like the Romans in Britain, empire brought good and bad to
indigenous peoples abroad. On the plus side were
communications, administrative and governmental structures,
formalized law codes, education, and (arguably) the English
language itself. More negatively, famines, taxes, lies, looting,
land-grabbing, and the opium trade cannot be forgotten, especially
after the mid-19th century. All types of colonialism rearranged
indigenous politics, economics, and social relationships to suit the
political, military, and economic needs of the colonizer, distorting
existing structures in ways still felt today. Genocide, torture, and
sexual humiliation were among the tools of the British Empire.
The punishment for slave rebellion on Jamaica was ‘nailing them
on the ground with crooked Sticks on every Limb, and then
applying the Fire by degrees to the Feet and Hands, burning them
120

gradually up to the Head, whereby their pains are extravagant’.
Untrammelled by modern notions of political correctness,
resourceful Scots used any means to gain commercial advantage,
including ‘connubial alliances’ between men from Orkney and
native women in Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. The part played by
distinctively Scottish ideas, both religious and political, in
softening the impact of colonialism, and eventually in encouraging
a retreat from empire, cannot disguise this darker side.

Nor can we ignore the intense pride Scots felt in their role, both
while abroad and at home: the empire was taught in schools to
show Scotland’s part in the United Kingdom, and Victorian
Glasgow trumpeted itself as ‘the second city of empire’. Voluntary
bodies like the Boys Brigade, founded in Glasgow in 1883,
promoted Christian values and celebrated imperial achievements.
Extending the connection between monarchy and militarism,
pride in Scottish regiments overseas was also an important part
of identity.

Immigration and cultural pluralism
Scotland has been a net exporter of people for centuries and
emigration was only counterbalanced by limited inward
121

Scotland and the wider world

Modern observers may be uneasy about the age of empire, even
while Britain still engages in post-imperial projects with the USA.
Few now subscribe to the gloriﬁcation of early 20th-century
Scottish novelist John Buchan’s ripping militaristic and
imperialist yarns, characterized by what modern readers would
see as jaw-dropping political incorrectness. Yet even when
troubled by post-colonial guilt, it is hard not to respect the
optimism, enterprise, and tenacity of those who left Scotland’s
shores. Many probably expected to come home and one-third of
late 19th-century emigrants did, but in some parts of the empire
more than half died from violence or disease – the 18th-century
Caribbean and India at any time were particularly unhealthy.

Scotland

movement, including a handful of Scandinavians, Eastern
Europeans, Dutch, English, and French. All pre-19th-century
immigration was small-scale and it was the Irish who were the
ﬁrst signiﬁcant group: one in ﬁfteen of Scotland’s population was
Irish-born in 1871, one in ten by 1901, with a strong presence in
greater Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Dundee. Some immigrants were
Ulster Protestants, but most were Catholic Irish, who did not
assimilate, living in certain (poor) quarters of towns and rarely
inter-marrying with native Scots, from whose antipathy they
suffered for their race, religion, and espousal of Irish nationalism.
Having ebbed and ﬂowed since the Reformation, sectarianism was
at its strongest between the 1820s and 1930s and is now fading,
seemingly conﬁned to the tribalism of football matches between
Glasgow Rangers (historically Protestant since it moved to Ibrox
in 1899) and Celtic (historically Catholic). In its day, it was a
powerful and ugly force on both sides, based on visceral fear and
dislike. Seeing it as an anti-Protestant, anti-British ﬁfth column,
Protestant Orange Lodges were dedicated to discriminating
against and aiming to extinguish Catholicism, mixing religious
antagonism with racism against Highlanders and Irish alike.
The existence since the 17th century of English-born people in
Scotland is less well known, yet by 1921 they had replaced the Irish
as the largest migrant group and are currently one-twelfth of the
total population (fully one-ﬁfth of those living in southern
Scotland). The modern image of the English in Scotland is of the
counter-urban ‘white settler’, allegedly leaving a six-ﬁgure salary
and a seven-ﬁgure house in London for a quiet life on a Scottish
Highland estate. The reality is that, past and present, most have
come to work, mainly in manual and, more recently, managerial
jobs.
Incomers from England are still sometimes the butt of jibes about
their origins, treated not as other foreigners, but as English. Yet
they are generally accepted and they come to appreciate what it
122

means to be Scottish: the sense of history (including the political
and cultural shadow cast by England); the feeling of social
equality, civic trust, and civic compassion; the independently
minded, open, and sincere people. English expatriates in Scotland
may become more Scottish than the Scots, shouting themselves
hoarse for their adopted country at sporting internationals. More
in paternalism than empathy, even the native English will adopt
Scotland (or Ireland) at sporting contests when their own side is
not playing. Most Scots (or Irish) would sooner die than
reciprocate. English anywhere are usually happy to play the
Scottish card if they have a suitable ancestor, whatever their
ambivalence about the Scots.

Minorities identiﬁable by sight rather than sound are uncommon
in Scotland and always were. Apart from working as personal
servants, black men served in British ships and regiments until the
mid-19th century, when the new racism pushed them out. Until
the 20th century, non-whites living in Scotland were numbered in
hundreds and even New Commonwealth immigration was small:
Scotland had about 600 Asians in 1950 and 4,000 in 1960.
Currently less than 2% of Scotland’s population is non-white and
‘cultural pluralism’ is much less of a colour issue than in England,
which has 10% non-whites.
Intolerance remains, perhaps because minorities are both few and
relatively silent. Gratuitous anti-Semitism and thoughtless
123

Scotland and the wider world

Other immigrant groups have enriched Scottish society over time,
including Italians and Jews ﬂeeing poverty and persecution in the
1890s and 1900s. Carrying on a tradition that lasted from the
Middle Ages through World War II, the most prominent current
immigrants are Eastern or ‘new’ Europeans, usually ﬁlling the
sorts of manual vacancies left by the falling birth rates and
changing work preferences of indigenous Scots. Young people
from across Europe and as far as Australia and New Zealand are
also keen to live and work in Scotland.

Scotland

racism – like ‘Chinky’ for Chinese meal – are disappearing, though
some see these being replaced by Islamophobia. Other minorities,
such as Travellers, are becoming accepted. Yet the pursuit of
equality within diversity has obstacles to overcome. In 2000,
Brian Souter, who founded the thriving transport company
Stagecoach with his sister Anne Gloag, led a vigorous and popular
(and partly successful) campaign against the repeal of legislation
banning the promotion of homosexuality (only de-criminalized in
Scotland in 1980). Scots increasingly accept that minorities can
pursue alternative lifestyles in private, but they reserve the right to
regard some such choices as morally wrong for the public.

124

Chapter 7
Culture

Language
A Celtic language called ‘British’ was spoken in Britain at the time
of the Roman conquest. From this descended modern Welsh,
Cornish, and Breton languages. British became heavily inﬂuenced
by Latin during the Roman period, but remained essentially a
single language until at least 800 and the different daughter
languages were probably largely intelligible until at least 1100. The
speakers of these languages were generally referred to as Britons
by themselves and their neighbours. ‘British’ was understood thus
until the Union of 1707 and the appropriation of the term for
something quite different led to a decline in the usage. ‘Breton’ as
an English word was coined only in the 19th century to replace the
by then confusing ‘British’.
Pictish probably started out as a dialect of British, but escaped the
impact of Latin and retained important Celtic inﬂuences. Place
names and personal names suggest that all of Scotland was
British-speaking before the Anglo-Saxons, except for the west
coast from Kintyre north, which was Gaelic-speaking. The word
‘aber’ (as in Aberdeen) is the British word for a river mouth, as
opposed to Gaelic ‘inver’ (as in Inverness). Gaelic-speaking Scots
in the west may have spoken a Celtic language intelligible to
British-speaking Picts in the east, and early Scotland was probably
125

a linguistic as well as a political and ethnic melting pot. More
distinctively, the Northern and Western Isles were mainly
Norse-speaking between the 9th and 14th centuries, and there is a
strong legacy of place names, but ‘Norn’ was all but gone from
Orkney by 1600 and Shetland by 1800.

Scotland

The Anglo-Norman nobility were most at home with French,
though ordinary Scots became no more French-speaking than did
the English, even if both vocabularies were enriched. Widespread
English-speaking came to southern Scotland with the Angles
(English incomers) from c. 600, but a more important inﬂuence
was from English-speaking settlers of burghs from David I’s reign
onwards.
Thus Gaelic was never the only Scottish tongue, though in the 12th
century it was the majority language. It has been in decline ever
since: the ﬁrst language of perhaps half of Scotland in 1400,
one-third in 1689, but just one-ﬁfth in 1806 and one-twelfth in
1900. In 1961, there were just 81,000 Gaelic speakers and 59,000
in 2001. Naked hostility explains some of the retreat, especially in
the 17th and 18th centuries when Gaelic and a militaristic clan
society became associated with a threat to the British political
establishment. However, the most rapid contraction came in the
19th century after active proscription of any kind had ceased and
when Gaelic was being helped by the ﬁrst full Gaelic Bible (1801)
and by published poetry collections.
The problem was that speaking Gaelic gave access to a rich
heritage and culture, but not speaking English was an economic
liability. The 1872 Education Act banned school lessons in Gaelic,
but Highlanders were already won over to the beneﬁts of English
as a result of seasonal migration to the Lowlands for harvest work
and imperial service in the British army. In 1904, it became
possible to learn Gaelic in school as a subject in its own right
rather than as a means of acquiring English, but this reversal of
centuries of proscription had little effect.
126

In modern Scotland, 1% of the population speak Gaelic, most of
them living not in the Highlands and Islands, but in Glasgow,
which has since the 1960s been as much the true centre of
Gaeldom. Across Europe, the decline of ‘lesser-used’ languages has
been halted as part of a new cultural preference for diversity. The
London-based BBC is often accused of patronizing Scots. There is
truth to this, but also irony, as the BBC’s vision of educating and
edifying the masses to create a morally cohesive British society,
which still dominates ‘public-service broadcasting’, is that of a
Scot, John Reith (1889–1971), the BBC’s ﬁrst director-general
(1927). Yet the BBC is more accommodating to regional diversity
than once it was. Through passionate advocates like journalist and
broadcaster Lorn MacIntyre, BBC Scotland has helped breathe
new life into Gaelic. The success of Gaelic rockers like Runrig and
Capercaillie has done no harm either. In 2005, a Gaelic Language
Act gave it ‘equal respect’.

At a time when the ‘enlightened’ took lessons to extinguish
Scoticisms, Scots’ greatest exponent was Robert Burns, though he
also wrote in English. Long dismissed as archaic, even
embarrassing, and gradually eroded by post-Victorian universal
education, Scots revived in the late 20th century and now has a
vibrant print culture. Yet spoken Scots ﬂourishes most strongly in
modern Northern Ireland, where it has been aggressively
127

Culture

A dialect of English (a Germanic language, like Norse) and a
tongue always subject to Anglicization, Scots (sometimes known
as Doric or ‘broad Scots’) was never an important component of
historic identity, though it was the language of government and
law by c. 1500. At the time of the Reformation, Protestant leaders
adopted English versions of the Geneva Bible and the Psalter and
the English ‘Form of Prayers’ as the ‘Book of Common Order’. The
ﬁrst authentically colloquial New Testament in Scots was not
completed until two centuries after its Gaelic counterpart
(four centuries after the Reformation) and was not published
until 1983.

marketed as a cultural counterweight in Unionism to the skilfully
lobbied role of Gaelic in Irish nationalism.
A more obvious modern linguistic distinction is the way English
is pronounced in parts of Scotland. Accents in the ﬁshing
communities of the north-east or eastern Fife can mystify visitors
and are equally impenetrable to someone schooled in the windy
canyons of Edinburgh’s New Town. BBC television’s ‘Rab
C. Nesbitt’ (Gregor Fisher) offers an attenuated taste of broad
Glaswegian accents (working-class – or rather unemployed –
Govan in this case) – and deeper and more painful insights into
the multiple deprivations of segments of modern Scottish society
than many a po-faced documentary.

Scotland

Festivals
Scotland is short on national calendar festivals and most public
holidays were until recently localized. The Kirk sidelined
Christmas and Easter. Christmas became a public holiday only in
1958, Boxing Day in 1974, and Easter is still less important than in
England. However, the Yule festivities so proscribed were
extremely popular and became displaced onto Hogmanay
(31 December). As in England, modern Christmas is a Victorian
reinvention with a new iconography of trees, cards, and crackers.
For all its appeal to pope-burning Scots (though James VI/I
warned that people should attack disloyalty, not Catholics), the
anniversary of Guy Fawkes’ attempt to blow up the London
parliament (5 November 1605) was not widely celebrated in
Scotland until the 1920s or 1930s, when unemployment and
trumped-up scares about Irish immigration promoted renewed
sectarian tensions and riots in Glasgow and Edinburgh. The more
observant might also have noticed that one aim of the Gunpowder
plotters was to get rid of Scottish hangers-on at James VI/I’s new
London court.

128

Most other major festivals are local or regional, reﬂecting the
small-scale, devolved, community basis of life for much of
Scotland’s past. The major towns still have their own holiday
periods, known as ‘the trades’ after the craft and trade
organizations on which their prosperity was once built. Other
examples include fairs like Lammas, a Celtic autumn festival
commemorated on 1 August. It survives in Fife burghs, but as
vulgar commercialized funfairs and markets shorn of their
traditional functions of hiring (for which Martinmas on

129

Culture

St Andrew’s Day (30 November) is ofﬁcially recognized, but better
known is the unofﬁcial celebration of Burns Day (25 January).
Neither is a public holiday. The Burns Supper is one of the few
invented traditions whose roots were contemporaneous with the
event it celebrated. But in its ﬁrst manifestation there was already
the commercialism with which many such traditions have become
associated. Even before his death, Burns’ cottage in Alloway,
Ayrshire, had been sold to the incorporation of shoemakers of Ayr,
one of whose members turned it into an alehouse. It was here, on
29 January 1801 (they got his birthday wrong), that soldiers of the
Argyll Fencibles (militia) met to hear their band play – and to use
the services of his cottage in its new role. The ﬁrst recorded
Supper took place at Alloway in the same year, but on the
anniversary of his death (21 July). It involved a speech and
multiple toasts; to eat, there was haggis (which was addressed)
and sheep’s head; given the social status of those present,
refreshment was probably wine and ale rather than whisky.
Among celebrants was a lady, though thereafter the Suppers were
mostly (sometimes militantly) all-male affairs until the 20th
century. The ‘toast to the lasses’ was traditionally thanks for the
cooking and an appreciation of the women in Burns’ life, only later
degenerating into a sexist (often misogynistic) rant. Celebrations
were held twice yearly until 1809, when participants settled on
25 January, because this fell in a slack period of the agricultural
year.

11 November was also signiﬁcant), hand-fasting (betrothal), and
sociability. Border towns have ‘Common Ridings’ (of the marches)
in June that look like survivals of historic boundary
perambulations, but are in fact complex, living pageants that
make powerful ritual statements about modern civic values. The
classic academic study of sociologist James Littlejohn – Westrigg
(1963), about life in a Borders farming community in the 1950s –
charts the changing texture of the rural world’s communal and
personal relationships under pressure from modernization.

Scotland

Most large-scale historic rituals had some political purpose, like
the pre-1707 ‘riding’ that opened parliament, a procession from
Holyrood to the Parliament House west of St Giles (reproduced in
1999). Many cities’ 19th-century rituals and galas also formed part
of a carefully choreographed civic identity that gave substance to
civil society.
Complete with Viking costumes and a burning longboat, the
Shetland festival of Up-Helly-Aa (last Tuesday in January) looks
like a Norse, pagan, Dark-Age relic, but actually started in the 17th
century and reached recognizable form in the late 19th century.
Thereafter, it was continually remodelled and reinvented to cope
with the communal stresses of economic and social change –
notably since oil exploration and extraction became major
employers in the 1970s. Involving music, dancing, and trials of
strength, Highland games or gatherings too were a 19th-century
reinvention. The most famous is that now held at Braemar
(Aberdeens.), started in 1815 as a mutual assistance society and
given the royal imprimatur in 1866. Yet these games are a pale
imitation of the feasting and ﬁghting that had been the true sport
of pre-modern Highlanders, when martial prowess and
conspicuous consumption were important symbols of power
and status.
The Edinburgh International Festival was ﬁrst held in August 1947
to regenerate Scotland and reintegrate with Europe. For decades,
130

it was a small affair that promoted elite, classical-music-centred
tourism and was adored by cultural ‘luvvies’, but was never really
accepted by the staid citizenry. Only since Edinburgh shook off its
dowdy provincial image in the 1980s has it been embraced and
ﬂourished. The core event presently comprises a military pageant
or ‘tattoo’, whose popularity is seemingly impervious to political
correctness, an ofﬁcial festival of theatre, music, and dance, plus
ﬁlm and book components. Artists or companies have to apply for
accreditation and a ‘fringe’ exists for the endless variety of
performers (notably comedians in recent years) who do not
attempt or who miss the cut. The city ‘hoaches’ or ‘heaves’ (is busy)
with visitors and the air buzzes with performance.

Art and architecture
Medieval monks produced beautifully illuminated manuscripts,
but most of those described as ‘painters’ before the 18th century
worked on heraldry or decorating noble ceilings, some churches,
or cofﬁns. Those who could afford paintings to hang up bought
from the Netherlands, and when Charles II wanted a series of
Scottish kings for Holyrood palace in the 1660s he went to Jacob
de Witt. Fine native portrait painters ﬂourished thereafter, of
whom Allan Ramsay (1713–84) and Sir Henry Raeburn
(1756–1823) are the best known. Concentrating on history,
landscape, animals, and Highland sentiment, Scottish painting
after David Allan (1744–96) and Sir David Wilkie (1785–1841) was
mostly worthy, but romanticized, dull, and derivative.
Only late in the 19th century was it re-animated by ‘the Glasgow
boys’ – a term used by the art establishment to disparage the likes
131

Culture

Alongside its museums and art galleries, the Festival helped give
Edinburgh a name for (high) culture, but Glasgow (which had an
art academy from the 18th century) is a more vibrant design
centre, notably for architecture, furniture, and textiles. It also has
a better modern music scene and it is arguably at least as ‘cultured’.

Scotland

11. The Wealth of Nations, by Sir Eduardo Paolozzi. Located at South
Gyle Business Park in Edinburgh, the statue borrows the title of Adam
Smith’s famous text on economics of 1776, but celebrates people and
their imaginations

of Sir James Guthrie (1859–1930) and E. A. Hornel (1864–1933).
The Glasgow boys inspired Colourists like Francis Cadell
(1883–1937) and Samuel Peploe (1871–1935), who in turn carried
Impressionism into the 1920s and 1930s. There was a revival of
Scottish culture in this period, most notably poetry and the novels
of Neil Gunn and Lewis Grassic Gibbon about the decay of historic
communities; the National Trust for Scotland was founded in
1931. However, what was produced is more appreciated now than
it was then. A more modern artist who did enjoy celebrity in his
lifetime was Leith-born surrealist-turned-pop-artist Sir Eduardo
Paolozzi (1924–2005), best known for muscular sculptures.
Scotland contains examples of all major European architectural
styles from the last millennium. Many have been creatively
adapted, others made distinctively new. Because wealth was
concentrated in towns and among rural landowners, it is in urban
architecture and in castles and country houses that the longest
132

historical record can be found. With rare exceptions, such as the
miraculously well-preserved Neolithic village at Skara Brae on
Orkney, little except defensive structures have survived prior to the
Middle Ages, though archaeologists are beginning to ﬁll the gaps.
Skara Brae and the hundreds of small huts that once clustered
around the British stronghold of Traprain Law (East Lothian)
show that communal living was not universal before modern
times. Privacy, however, was neither expected nor easy to come by.
‘Crannogs’ or artiﬁcial islands were built on lochs for defensive
purposes c. 3000 BC to c. AD 1700, some with dwellings on stilts.
Distinctively Scottish fortiﬁed circular towers called ‘brochs’ were
built in numbers, mostly in the Iron Age, along the northern and
western coasts, attesting the importance of the sea, the extent of
wealth to be amassed, displayed, and protected, and the enduring
threat from raiders.

The last real private castle built from new was Craignethan
(Lanarks.) in the 1530s, but the advent of large-calibre gunpowder
133

Culture

From the 6th century (and probably before), much visual art was
religious and churches are among the oldest buildings, though
early churches and noble seats were often wooden and the modern
return to masonry architecture occurred as late as 1100. Building
materials were commonly recycled and little survives pre-1400
except remote ruins. From then on, churches grace town and
country alike. There are ornate Renaissance jewels like Roslin
Chapel (c. 1450), giving way after the Reformation to austere
boxes like the Tron Kirk (1647) and Canongate Kirk (1691) in
Edinburgh, the latter by James Smith, who also built ‘Newhailes’
country house near the city (1686). The third main ecclesiastical
style is shown in imposing 19th-century Gothic-revival ediﬁces
like Barclay Church (Edinburgh, 1864 – though the style is most
famous in the city’s Scott Monument) and the wonderful designs
of Alexander ‘Greek’ Thomson (1817–75), notably in St Vincent
Street and Caledonia Road, Glasgow.

Scotland

weapons rendered such fortiﬁcations obsolete. In any case, society
slowly became more peaceful and landowners preferred tower
houses, some of the later ones with windows towards ground level
(Elcho Castle, Perths.) before moving eventually to Palladian
mansions of varying levels of grandeur. Fashion went full circle
with the Victorian ‘baronial revival’ producing piles like Balmoral
and domestic homes too: rambling, fanciful pseudo-castles which,
for example, currently house a number of departments of the
University of St Andrews on The Scores, these originally built for
jute magnates whose factories were in far less salubrious Dundee.
Palladianism is a 16th-century Italian classical-revival style that
ﬂowered in 17th-century England before reaching Scotland
c. 1680. It is usually called ‘Georgian’ because it ﬂourished during
the reigns of the four British kings of that name (1714–1830).
Building on the achievements of Sir William Bruce (c. 1630–1710)
and others, its ﬁnest exponents were William Adam (1684–1748),
who designed gems like Duff House (Banffs.) and the House of
Dun (Angus), and his son Robert (1728–92), who designed
Edinburgh’s Charlotte Square and Register House, home to the
National Archives of Scotland. The landed, professional, and
mercantile classes wanted Palladian regularity in their townscapes
too, exempliﬁed in the New Town of Edinburgh, but also in Perth
and to a lesser extent in many other old-established burghs.
Vernacular urban architecture of the 15th to 17th centuries
featured less imposing, but cosier, small-windowed, and
small-roomed houses of rough stone (for example, at Culross,
Fife).
For all the prominence of Georgian architecture, Victorian
buildings account for the vast bulk of pre-modern erections.
Glasgow’s Victorian public buildings are Scotland’s most glorious,
notably the palatial City Chambers in George Square (1888) and
Kelvingrove Museum (1901), built to celebrate the city’s prosperity
and to announce the political and cultural claims of its
bourgeoisie. Department stores like Edinburgh’s Jenners (opened
134

in the 1830s and rebuilt after a ﬁre in 1895) allowed well-heeled
ladies to shop in style.
Even when they dropped, citizens could contemplate their success.
Glasgow’s Victorian necropolis – an up-market,
interdenominational cemetery which, like most Scottish
graveyards, was not consecrated ground – was built on a hillside
across the road from the cathedral with the graves lined up to
afford a view of the city below, rather than lying in the more
conventional Christian feet-to-the-east manner. Cremation was
introduced in Victorian times and is now the most common
means of disposing of the dead.

There was extensive building of anonymous suburban bungalows
in the 1930s when interest rates were low and labour cheap, but
distinctively Art Deco buildings are easy to miss, often falling into
neglect. Cinemas, ice rinks, roadhouses, and public buildings like
Chirnside School (Berwicks.) and St Andrew’s House (Edinburgh)
exemplify the style. One cannot miss the eyesores erected between
the 1950s and 1970s. Touted as ‘the gateway to the Highlands’,
Fort William’s main street is an horriﬁc testament to ‘planning’
gone wrong. The University of Edinburgh gaily demolished the
south and east sides of George Square, one of the jewels of the
135

Culture

The substance of the Victorian era was lightened by the
recognizable design of Charles Rennie Mackintosh (1868–1928).
He got few architectural commissions, but ﬁne examples include
Glasgow School of Art (1899) and Hill House, Helensburgh
(Dumbartons., 1902). Mackintosh exempliﬁed Art Nouveau’s
integration of interior and exterior design, of form and function,
yet, while visually stunning, his furniture was neither well made
nor terribly comfortable. A more commercially successful
arts-and-crafts architect was Sir Robert Lorimer (1864–1929),
who owned Kellie Castle in Fife and designed the Thistle Chapel
adjoining St Giles’ Cathedral in Edinburgh, as well as elegant
homes across the Lowlands.

Scotland

southern or ‘ﬁrst New Town’ (1740s and 1750s, whereas the more
famous northern ‘New Town’ of Charlotte and St Andrew Square
is 1760s onwards) to build a library and teaching accommodation
in the neo-brutalist style.
Scotland’s post-war ‘new towns’ – Cumbernauld, East Kilbride,
Glenrothes, and Livingston – were better than inner-city slums
and seen as the epitome of enlightened planning at the time, but
were also largely devoid of character or public facilities. On the
east side of Glasgow, battalions of soulless high-rise ﬂats were
created (also with the best of intentions) to re-house inner-city
dwellers from areas like the Gorbals, where many ﬂats still lacked
indoor toilets. Towns are only now clearing the monstrous
carbuncles of this period and, while the architecture seldom
reaches the quality of some of Glasgow’s recent riverfront
developments, it is at least in tune with their historic buildings.
Among interesting modern architecture is Dundee Contemporary
Arts (1999) and, in Edinburgh, the Museum of Scotland (1999),
linked to the adjacent Royal Museum (1888) with its exhilarating
main hall. The most controversial modern design is Catalan
architect Enric Miralles’ Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh,
ﬁnished embarrassingly behind schedule in 2004 and wildly
over-estimate.

Literature, poetry, and ﬁlm
The ﬁrst Scottish printing press dates to 1507, and early printing
was mainly for the church, but around 1700 secular works began
to outnumber religious ones and to diverge from ofﬁcial to more
broadly cultural topics. The 18th century saw a ﬂowering of
publication on history, travel, philosophy, science, and, from
mid-century, of novels, the new ﬁctional but domestically situated
genre. Scotland’s most famous novelist is Sir Walter Scott. Scott’s
novels belong to an age of romanticism and sentimentalism, but
they are ﬁrmly based in Scots law and society. The Heart of
Midlothian (1818) is an outstandingly realistic historical novel
136

Culture

12. Sir Walter Scott, 1822, by Sir Henry Raeburn. Scotland’s foremost
writer by its ﬁnest painter

about illegitimacy and infanticide, society and the law, that still
passes muster, and Guy Mannering (1815) has much to say about
poor relief and insolvency, the latter close to Scott’s heart. The less
well known John Galt (1779–1839) also dealt sensitively with the
realities of social change, religious tradition, legal structures, and
political aspiration.
137

Scotland

Better known even than Scott is Robert Burns. Famous for his
poetry, Burns was also a collector and disseminator of songs.
Elegant, accessible, insightful, and profoundly humane, his
sometimes earthy verse covers topics as diverse as democracy and
drinking, womanizing and work, church and class. He seems to
exemplify what Scots are about, and Scott described him as
possessing ‘a sort of digniﬁed plainness and simplicity’. His
inﬂuence on British literary ﬁgures of the Romantic revival and
beyond was immense and he is the Scottish cultural icon.
Many authors initially published novels by instalments, and most
literature of the 18th and 19th centuries was not weighty and
worthy tomes, but bite-sized pamphlets of roughly 16–64 pages.
Some had a serious religious, moral, or political point, but many
such ‘chapbooks’ were entertaining, often humorous accounts of
life, love, and death. Indeed, humour has been an important part
of Scottish culture throughout the ages. Between 1850 and 1920,
many joke books were compiled by men of letters, including
clergymen and academics, to amuse, but also to celebrate what
they saw as the strengths of a passing national character:
self-deprecating, decent, and direct. By the late 1920s, Valentines
of Dundee were successfully marketing books of Doric jokes in
standard English throughout the empire. Scotland’s most famous
modern comedian is Glasgow-born Billy Connolly (1942– ), now
happily exiled in the USA. Justly the most famous Scottish ﬁlm
actor, and once tipped as ﬁrst president of an independent
Scotland, is Sean Connery (1930– ), who is Ian Fleming’s ‘James
Bond’.
Following on from ﬁrst-generation Enlightenment periodicals like
the generalist Scots Magazine (1739–1803) were more focused
critical, moral, and social quarterlies like the Edinburgh Review
(1802–1929) and Blackwood’s Magazine (1817–1980). Long-lived
regular newspapers started in the early 18th century: Edinburgh
Evening Courant (1718– ), Caledonian Mercury (1720– ), Glasgow
Journal (1741– ), and Aberdeen Journal (1748– ). All eventually
138

folded or morphed into other titles as numbers grew, and the
current best-selling broadsheets are the Scotsman (Edinburgh,
1860– ), [Glasgow] Herald (Glasgow, 1805– ), and Press and
Journal (Aberdeen, 1922/1939– ), all with different regional
emphases, political stances, and editorial styles. Successful
modern Scottish tabloids include the Daily Record, which
trumpets itself as what ‘real Scots’ read, and the Daily Express.

Scots have made important contributions to crime writing since
Scott, notably the creator of Sherlock Holmes, Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle (1859–1930). Modern popular novelists with international
reputations include Ian Rankin (1950– ), whose Inspector John
Rebus inhabits Edinburgh’s seamier side, transposing William
McIlvanney’s Glaswegian Jack Laidlaw (Glasgow was a lot
rougher than Edinburgh in the 1960s and 1970s); Iain Banks
(1954– ), whose dark imagination explores different aspects of
modern Scottish society and psyche (darker still are his
spectacular science ﬁction works, under Iain M. Banks); Alasdair
Gray (1934– ), best known for Lanark (1981), is more original
(and eccentric) than either. Irving Welsh’s 1993 Trainspotting,
about the drug culture of multiply deprived north Edinburgh, was
made into a successful ﬁlm in 1996.
These authors reﬂect a modern interest in gritty realism that can
be found even in Scott, Galt, and Hogg in the early 19th century.
139

Culture

The electronic revolution has added to rather than subtracted
from interest in traditional media and demand for hard-copy print
remains robust. Scotland’s copyright library, the National Library
of Scotland in Edinburgh, was established in 1925 on the
foundation of the Library of the Faculty of Advocates (1682), and
the two remain like cousins once-removed. Access to this library,
the National Archives, and most public museums is rightly free,
but users are charged for accessing a national resource such as
historic records of births, deaths, and marriages to research their
ancestry.

Scotland

Hogg’s The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justiﬁed Sinner:
Written by Himself (1824) is, for example, blatantly anti-clerical.
George Douglas Brown’s The House with Green Shutters (1901)
offered a superb ﬁctional evocation of the vicious smallness of life
in an historic village. Brown shattered the homely, sentimental
mould of Scottish Victorian ‘kailyard’ (cabbage patch) literature.
Published for a mainly English and American audience, it is
exempliﬁed by J. M. Barrie (1860–1937) and epitomized in Beside
the Bonnie Brier Bush (1894) by ‘Ian Maclaren’ (1850–1907). Good
Scottish literature of the 19th and 20th centuries has a strong
sense of place, and Scotland’s great artists, storytellers, and poets
(notably Orcadian Edwin Muir) all derive inspiration from the
landscape. For Will Maclean, it is the sea, but many are, like most
Scots, urban creatures. Well-known Scottish poets since Burns
include Norman MacCaig (1910–96), George Mackay Brown
(1917–96), and Hugh MacDiarmid (1892–1978).
Historical writing that celebrated identity has been around
since the mid-15th century when Walter Bower’s multi-volume
Scotichronicon extolled the glories of the kingdom of Scotland.
This matured into a strong Whig and Protestant historiographical
tradition exempliﬁed by ﬂourishing historical clubs of the late 18th
and the 19th centuries. One aspect of Scotland’s late 20th-century
cultural renaissance has been history publishing, most
luminously the Edinburgh ﬁrm of John Donald, started in 1972 by
John Tuckwell. Other currently successful historical and cultural
publishers adding to the rich store of Scottish contemporary
literature include Birlinn, Canongate, and the University Presses of
Aberdeen and Edinburgh. History Scotland (2001– ) is a popular
monthly magazine on the model of History Today (1951– ).
Uniquely in Britain, Scotland has a national historian or
‘Historiographer Royal’, a post dating from 1681. The English
originated the idea under Henry VIII, but lost their
historiographer in a spat over sleaze early in the 20th century, just
when both Edinburgh and Glasgow universities established chairs
140

in Scottish history to signal a new historical awareness; the Irish
never had one. Detractors cast up that the present incumbent is an
Englishman (Christopher Smout), but he has served Scottish
history well before and since 1993.
Proper history publishing is about scholarship, integrity, and
attention to both evidence and context. In contrast, most ﬁlms
about Scotland past and present show a cheerful disregard for fact
coupled with cloying sentimentalism. David Niven made us cringe
in Bonnie Prince Charlie (1948), as did the sanitized Jockism of
Ealing Studios’ Whisky Galore (1949), and the mystical twaddle
of Brigadoon (1954). Scot Bill Forsyth’s otherwise delightful
contemporary fairy tales, Gregory’s Girl (1981) and Local Hero
(1983), were in the same romantic mould. Even Trainspotting
transformed the desperate, lonely, and sometimes vicious world
of hard-drug abuse into a chummy romp.

Peter Watkins’ 1964 anti-war Culloden is a noble exception to
everything before and much since. The ﬁrst ‘docudrama’, its raw
realism lifts it far above the glossy sentimentality of most ‘prince
of the heather’ offerings. Watkins evoked the carnage of Culloden
using embedded reportage (including Gaelic with subtitles) to
141

Culture

As superstitious professional actors allegedly say ‘the Scottish play’
rather than ‘Macbeth’, professional historians try not to mention
‘the Mel Gibson ﬁlm’. ‘Hollywood in a kilt’ (but ﬁlmed mostly in
Ireland, where the tax breaks are better), Braveheart (1995) is an
enjoyable Highland ﬂing, but laughably inaccurate, hardly a scene
without a travesty. To take just the alleged women in his life, there
is no hard evidence that William Wallace had a wife, let alone that
she endured ‘droit de seigneur’ on her wedding night (the idea of
the ‘ﬁrst night’ was a Victorian hang-up); she is shown being
buried in a ‘long-cist’ grave characteristic of AD 400 not 1300;
he cannot have met Isabella, let alone committed adultery with
her (she married Edward II in 1308, three years after Wallace
was executed).

create a sense of immediacy and humanity in a brutal battle where
the Hanoverians lost perhaps 150 men and the Jacobites ten times
as many. More is still being found out about Culloden, often by
archaeologists, meaning that understandings change, but Watkins
was as true to the historical evidence as he could be.
Watkins stood on the shoulders of Scot John Grierson
(1898–1972), who may have ‘invented’ the documentary, but his
dreary monologues were a penance for viewers of Scottish
television’s This Wonderful World (1957–67). Engaging yet
academically rigorous television history is produced now, notably
the 2001 BBC series fronted by Fiona Watson of Stirling
University, but there are also get-rich-quick archaeology
programmes.

Scotland

Music
Classical music was played in private houses then, with the
commercialization of leisure from the late 17th century, at public
venues such as St Cecilia’s Hall in Edinburgh’s Old Town. Church
music too was important. Protestantism is the religion of the book
and Bible reading was surely important to faith, but the
characteristic Calvinist rituals were catechism (verbal responses to
questions about religion) and the singing of psalms. Psalm-singing
was a powerful political symbol for Covenanters, and those who
wanted a job as a schoolmaster and precentor had to have a good
voice, carrying on the pre-Reformation tradition of church song
schools teaching chanting, which was important to the Mass and
divine ofﬁce. In its diverse expressions, church music was a vital
and varied cultural form.
Yet singing psalms and hymns marked the godly off from the
world of harvest ballads and other secular songs, some of them as
bawdy in their way as modern rap lyrics. Music for the workplace
included narrative ‘waulking’ songs about domestic issues like
marital problems, sung in the 18th and 19th centuries while
142

groups of women fulled cloth, and the ‘bothy ballads’ of complaint
and celebration, sung by unmarried farm labourers to tell of
everything about young adulthood, from good times to bad
employers – all with a sense of poignancy that transcends simple
modern romanticizing of the genre. Pastoralism characterized
Victorian and Edwardian music, as it did much visual art.

Traditional Scottish music could be played solo or in a band and
with or without song to accompany dancing or as a one-sided
performance. The harp was the main stringed instrument of
Scotland from the 9th century to the 17th. The principal
instruments of recent times were ﬁddle, accordion, or concertina,
and chamber pipes as well as bagpipes and possibly a percussion
implement. A wind instrument that uses an inﬂated bag, bagpipes
are ﬁrst depicted in the 14th century and are not uniquely
Scottish, but are also found in Ireland, Eastern Europe,
north-west Spain, and parts of Italy. Bagpipes were banned as
seditious after the 1745 Jacobite rising, but reappeared after 1782
(with drums) in British military bands. Pianos were a rarity in
traditional music and guitars a 1960s introduction.
Dynamic, participative, and responsive, so-called ‘traditional
music’ is far from ﬁxed. Musical inspiration came from native
roots, notably the legendary Shetland ﬁddler Aly Bain, but also
143

Culture

Other than in church or when pretending to know more than the
ﬁrst verse of ‘Auld Lang Syne’ (or karaoke), participative singing
is less usual now than it was before radio and television. Scotland’s
national anthem is still ofﬁcially that of the United Kingdom, ‘God
Save the Queen’. More commonly heard now on occasions like
sporting internationals is ‘Flower of Scotland’, written to celebrate
Bannockburn by successful folk duo The Corries in 1966, which
has eclipsed other contenders like ‘Scotland the Brave’ (Cliff
Hanley, 1950s). Maudlin expatriates may prefer Dougie MacLean’s
‘Caledonia’, written in the 1970s, but popularized by Frankie
Miller for a lager advertisement (1992).

Scotland

from Irish folk. Groups like the Battleﬁeld Band and the Boys of
the Lough have been enduringly popular leaders of this happy
fusion. Folk is now mainstream, though for decades it was classed
by some as ‘teuchter’ music (a disparaging term, like yokel). There
was a distinct pecking order in traditional music depending on the
instrument, who played it, by what rules, and where. Robin Hall
and Jimmy MacGregor were successful in the 1960s and 1970s,
playing to small audiences at the intimate venues that were
normal for all musical performances until the advent of stadium
rock.
From the 1960s, Scots began to produce their own versions of pop
and rock. In the 1960s, there was Lulu, an invaluable TV antidote
to the tartan tedium of Andy Stewart (1933–93), himself in the
Jockist tradition of Harry Lauder (1870–1950). Glasgow nurtured
the likes of Aztec Camera, the Incredible String Band, and
Nazareth. There was, regrettably, Edinburgh’s Bay City Rollers
(the 1970s everywhere was the decade taste forgot), but remember
too seminal punk bands like the Rezillos and The Skids. Among
the most inﬂuential since then, if not the best-selling, are The
Cocteau Twins, The Waterboys, and Belle and Sebastian. Texas,
fronted by Sharlene Spiteri, and Travis are the most commercially
successful of the more serious bands, as were Simple Minds and
the duo Eurythmics in their day; Franz Ferdinand looks like going
the same way. Some have mass appeal, but limited originality, like
Deacon Blue and Wet Wet Wet.
The Scottish part of Scotland’s cultural renaissance since the
1980s has been incidental rather than central, but the two best
claimants to being distinctively ‘Scottish’ in a music culture
increasingly standardized by commercial pressures are the
Proclaimers duo (Lowland, from Auchtermuchty in Fife) for their
ethical, home-boy lyrics (you can hear the Scottish accents) and
the band Runrig (Highland) for their intense, vibrant songs, many
in Gaelic. These participants in global musical culture show how
lively and distinctive accommodations have been reached between
144

Scotland’s cultural past and the homogenizing inﬂuences of
modern media capitalism.

Sport

The year 1873 saw the founding of the Scottish Football
Association (SFA). Established in the same year, the Scottish
Football Union (SFU) represented ‘football’ proper – rugby or
‘rugby union’. The SFU became the Scottish Rugby Union in 1924,
and Scotland’s national rugby stadium opened at Murrayﬁeld in
Edinburgh in 1925 (rebuilt 1983). The SFA legalized payments to
players in 1893, but rugby stayed militantly amateur until 1995. It
is played mainly by the former pupils of elite schools, at university
and after, but is also very popular (and more socially inclusive) in
the Borders. While popular in the north of England, rugby league
never caught on in Scotland. International matches at Murrayﬁeld
and across Britain and Europe display only genteel xenophobia
compared with their soccer equivalents (or, for that matter, many
inter-club conﬂicts across Britain).
Scots invented golf in the 15th century, but kings frowned on it for
interfering with archery practice. It has swanky, invitation-only
145

Culture

Soccer may not be ‘the beautiful game’ for Scots as it is for English,
but it is taken very seriously and the feeling that the national side
should do well has an historic foundation. Between 1296 and 1547,
the Scots and the English fought 19 battles, of which England won
11 and Scotland 8. Between the middle of Victoria’s reign and the
end of Thatcher’s, England won 44 football matches played with
Scotland, Scotland 40, and 24 were drawn. Though the top clubs
(Rangers and Celtic) are European-class, Scotland’s national
football team has in recent years required more giving than taking,
and forays into the World Cup have invariably begun in joy and
ended in tears. The coach of the failed Scotland squad in
Argentina (1978) was described as less a manager than ‘a
professional cheer leader’.

clubs such as the all-male Royal and Ancient of St Andrews (there
is a lady’s equivalent and suffragettes had ambushed Cabinet
members on-course in the 1900s), but through multiple public
courses (including the Old Course at St Andrews) it is cheaper and
more accessible, and thus more widely played, than in most places
in the world.

Scotland

Scotland has some outstanding athletes, while lesser-known
sports such as curling and shooting spawn world-class competitors
and the country produced some decent skiers in the days when
there was snow. In 2004 and 2005, a team led by the Duke of
Argyll won the world championship of elephant polo in India. One
is pleasantly surprised by the existence and occasionally the
showing of the national cricket team. Bizarrely, some of Scotland’s
best-known ‘sportsmen’ are darts and snooker players.
Sheep were the ﬁrst quadruped winners of the Highland
clearances, but they were superseded by sport animals in the late
19th century as Australian wool displaced Scottish in
cloth-making, turning the Highlands into a massive theme park
for the rich. By 1884, ‘deer forests’ covered two million acres or
one-tenth of the land. Fox-hunting with hounds was banned in
2002, principally because its social constituency was too small,
but angling thrives and the annual slaughter of grouse, pheasants,
and deer by well-heeled predators is not only tolerated, but
encouraged in the interests of tourism.

146

Conclusion: The lessons
of history

What are the implications of the past for Scotland’s future? First,
Scots retain a deeply embedded sense of history, albeit a selective
one. Like others in the Anglo-Saxon world, they understandably
seek identity, empathy, and meaning for their private present by
researching family or local history and they want to know about
wars and history’s celebrities. They are less interested in the public
past that creates the context for the social and political present,
including for Scotland a separate national church, a distinctive
legal code, and a very different experience of government. This
detachment may be linked to any number of factors – a
preoccupation with individual personal authority, disenchantment
with politics, secularization, and electronic communications – but
its effects are clear. Yet Scots still feel themselves touched by
history and that awareness is a strong part of their identity.
Modern Scotland is solidly grounded on historical foundations
and the continuity this provides helps in dealing constructively
with change.
One manifestation of the public past is a ﬁrm civic sense, which
helps Scotland’s communities to score highly in polls of the most
desirable places to live in Britain. Coupled with this is the
enduring importance of locality and all the variety and the
non-national solidarities it implies. An important reason Scottish
devolution has worked so well is that historically Scotland had less
147

Scotland

centralized government than England and there was an effective
civil society: precisely those forms of association below and
outside the apparatus of the state, such as churches, communities,
and families, mediating between public institutions and private
lives, which now so concern the modern West. The notion of civil
society empowering citizens has appeal both to the New Right and
to left-leaning communitarian ideas of voluntary association,
because it insists that people cannot have rights without
responsibilities and that individualism has to be tempered by
acknowledgement of a common good. Based on their historic
experience of government, Scots felt that central authority could
and should intervene for benign ends, but that most power should
be diffused.
This appreciation of civil society is not rose-tinted. Scotland’s
history has a dark side of greed, social inequality and injustice,
the oppression of women, children, and other races, and bigotry
towards different faiths, all repulsive to modern sensibilities.
In the present too, there has been sleaze (notably in Labour’s
‘one-party states’ in west-central Scotland), there is a legacy
of social conservatism that may encourage ignorance and
intolerance, and there are problems of drug and alcohol abuse,
anti-social behaviour, and crime, like anywhere in Britain. ‘The
street’, once indicative of intimacy, has become a by-word for
danger. Yet a vivid sense of the past, a ﬁrm national identity, and a
strong civil society rooted in locality mark out both historic and
modern Scotland.
History touches modern politics too, for as well as being Scottish,
many Scots also feel British. The most important implication is
that Scotland’s near-term future is unlikely to involve shunning
community with the rest of Britain, because it has for hundreds of
years been locked into a British paradigm. That does not mean
Scots are always comfortable with their past or present relations
with England, and they have never been slow to speak out when

148

they perceive injustice. Less laudably, they have long played a
‘blame game’ against their neighbours. History shows they have a
point, but to be a victim is to deny oneself agency. Better to accept
how much has been gained from association with England, to
recognize what is shared, to take justiﬁed pride in what is good
about being different, and to change what is not.

During that time, Scotland has not been a backward version of
England waiting to catch up, but something quite distinct.
Politically, Scots have known what it is to be both independent
and semi-detached in a way that is less true of Wales (whose
institutions, if not its language, culture, and habits, were more
completely assimilated) and wholly untrue of English regions
since the early Middle Ages. Naturally the past should not
determine the future, or we should never have shaken off the

149

Conclusion: The lessons of history

The political implications of Union with England are still being
played out three centuries on, albeit in a very different world. The
component parts of Great Britain (and Ireland, both before and
after independence in 1922) developed separately, but they also
progressed together in ways that modiﬁed their experiences. In
some regards, the parts have grown closer over time, but in
important ways they remain different. All modern states are
artefacts based on conquest and colonization, and laboriously
created national solidarity (including Scottish, English, and
British identity). Held together for centuries, the integrity of states
everywhere is now maintained only precariously, their sovereignty
and supposedly inviolable borders steadily eroded. Easy travel,
immigration, trans-national crime, and global terrorism,
capitalism, and environmental degradation are challenging and
complicating our understandings of geography and politics. After
500 years of multi-national accretion, nation states, including
Britain, are crumbling back into their component parts. Founded
on centuries of uncertainty, experimentation, and compromise,
the relations between Scotland and England remain open-ended.

Scotland

multiple oppressions of race, class, and gender. But history can
liberate as well as limit and attempts to make a destiny that works
with rather than against it are likely to be easier, more successful,
and longer lasting. If one day Scotland did take the path of
independence, it would be as much in tune with its history as
would a future within the United Kingdom.

150

References and
further reading

R. D. Anderson, Education and the Scottish People, 1750–1918 (Oxford,
1995), is best on institutional aspects.
I. Armit, Celtic Scotland (London, 1997), is a brief and sensible
analysis of this misunderstood period.
G. W. S. Barrow, Kingship and Unity: Scotland, 1000–1306, 2nd edn.
(London, 2003), is an invaluable brief study of a vital period.
C. G. Brown, Religion and Society in Scotland since 1707 (Edinburgh,
1997), is the authoritative survey.
L. Colley, Britons: Forging the Nation, 1707–1837 (London, 1994),
offers a powerful argument about the making of modern Britain.
R. Crawford, Scotland’s Books: The Penguin History of Scottish
Literature (London, 2007), is substantial and authoritative.
T. M. Devine, The Scottish Nation, 1700–2000 (London, 1999), is a
good overview, best on economic and political topics c. 1770–1914.
R. A. Dodgshon, From Chiefs to Landlords: Social and Economic
Change in the Western Highlands (Edinburgh, 1998) is demanding,
but deeply rewarding.
M. Fry, The Scottish Empire (Tuckwell/Birlinn, 2001), is the most
readable survey.
A. Grant, Independence and Nationhood: Scotland, 1306–1469
(London, 1984), is wide-ranging and thoughtful.
M. Harper, Adventurers and Exiles: The Great Scottish Exodus
(London, 2003), is a readable general account of emigration, full of
human detail.
F. Heal, Reformation in Britain and Ireland (Oxford, 2003). The
clearest and most dispassionate account: unlike most so-called
‘British’ history, it does Scotland justice.
151

Scotland

J. Hoppit (ed.), Parliaments, Nations and Identities in Britain and
Ireland (Manchester, 2003). Explores representation before and
after 1707.
R. A. Houston, Scottish Literacy and the Scottish Identity: Literacy
and Society in Scotland and England, 1600–1850 (Cambridge,
1985).
R. A. Houston (ed.), The New Penguin History of Scotland
(Harmondsworth, 2001). A comprehensive, up-to-date, and
readable overview, which replaces all earlier single volumes. Now
available from the Folio Society.
M. Lynch, Scotland: A New History (London, 1991). Probably the best
single-author overview, but reﬂects his expertise on 1400–1700.
A. I. Macinnes, The British Revolution, 1629–1660 (Basingstoke,
2004), charts how Scots, Irish, and English history became
inextricably intertwined.
D. Macmillan, Scottish Art, 1460–2000 (Edinburgh, 2000). Streets
ahead of anything else.
R. D. Oram, Scottish Prehistory (Edinburgh, 1997), offers a
comprehensive and balanced guide.
L. Paterson, F. Bechhofer, and D. McCrone, Living in Scotland: Social
and Economic Change since 1980 (Edinburgh, 2004), is the best
analysis of the dramatic, but still improperly understood,
transformation of modern Scotland.
R. Porter, Enlightenment: How Britain Created the Modern World
(London, 2000), offers a rounded appreciation.
J. Purser, Scotland’s Music: A History of the Traditional and Classical
Music of Scotland from Early Times to the Present Day, 2nd edn.
(Edinburgh, 2007), is both readable and comprehensive.
T. C. Smout, A History of the Scottish People, 1560–1830 (Glasgow,
1972), is outstanding, especially on social history. His A Century of
the Scottish People, 1830–1950 (London, 1986), is also worth
reading.
R. S. Tompson, Islands of Law: A Legal History of the British Isles
(New York, 2000), is a clear and short comparative history of legal
diversity, but . . .
D. M. Walker, The Scottish Legal System: An Introduction to the Study
of Scots Law (Edinburgh, 2001), is more deﬁnitive on Scotland
alone.
M. Watson, Being English in Scotland (Edinburgh, 2004), is one of the
few serious studies of how the modern English really see the Scots.

152

C. W. J. Withers, Gaelic in Scotland, 1698–1981: The Geographical
History of a Language (Edinburgh, 1984).
A. Woolf, From Pictland to Alba, 789–1070 (Edinburgh, 2007), is an
excellent survey of the making of the kingdom.
J. Wormald, Court, Kirk and Community: Scotland, 1470–1625
(London, 1981), remains the best survey of this important
transitional period.

153

References and further reading

Three ambitious series are in progress. Due for completion c. 2012
is the ten-volume New Edinburgh History of Scotland, under the
editorship of Roger Mason (Edinburgh University Press). Two
other expanding multi-authored collections are particularly useful
for social, material, and cultural topics. Planned to be fourteen
volumes with seven published so far, Scottish Life and Society: A
Compendium of Scottish Ethnology (Tuckwell/Birlinn) is an
invaluable resource. The Buildings of Scotland (Penguin/Yale) is a
Scottish Pevsner, not yet national in coverage, but getting there.

This page intentionally left blank

Chronology

c. 7000 BC

First evidence of post-Ice-Age human settlement in
Scotland

c. 4000 BC

Transition from hunter-gatherer to settled agrarian
societies

c. 3–2000 BC

Skara Brae and Maes Howe (Orkney) and Callanish
(Lewis) built

c. AD 79

Roman invaders of Britain reach Scotland

122–36

Romans build Hadrian’s Wall between rivers Tyne and
Solway

c. 143

Romans build Antonine Wall between rivers Forth and
Clyde

c. 400

Romans abandon Britain; Christian missionaries
become active

563

Columba settles on Iona; dies 597

664

Synod of Whitby

685

Picts defeat Northumbrians at Nechtansmere (Forfars.)

c. 794

Norse raids on Scotland begin

843

Kenneth MacAlpin creates a ‘united kingdom’ (later
‘Alba’)

870s

Vikings sack Pictish heartlands; Danish rule of
Northumbria begins; Gaels or ‘Scots’ take over Pictland

904

Battle of Strathearn (ﬁrst major defeat of Vikings in
Scotland)
155

Scotland

1018

Malcolm II defeats Angles at Carham

1066

Norman conquest of England

1098

Recognition of Norwegian overlordship of kingdom of
Man and the Isles

12th century

Height of Anglo-Norman inﬂuence on Scotland

1128

Holyrood Abbey founded

1157

Anglo-Scottish border ﬁrst ﬁxed at rivers
Tweed-Solway

1173–4

William ‘the Lion’ invades the north of England

1192

Papal bull ‘Cum Universi’ recognizes Scottish Church
as ‘a special daughter’

1237

Treaty of York: Alexander II surrenders claims to
northern English counties

1263

Norse defeated at Battle of Largs

1266

Treaty of Perth: Norway cedes Western Isles to
Alexander III

1291

Edward I asserts overlordship of Scotland

1295

Franco-Scottish ‘auld alliance’ formed

1296

Edward I invades Scotland: start of ‘Wars of
Independence’ (to 1328)

1297

William Wallace defeats English at Battle of Stirling
Bridge

1305

Execution of William Wallace

1314

Scots defeat English at Battle of Bannockburn

1320

Declaration of Arbroath

1328

Treaty of Edinburgh/Northampton recognizes
Scottish independence

1349

Plague arrives in Scotland

1357

Treaty of Berwick: David II released by English

1400

Henry IV invades Scotland

c. 1412

First Scottish university founded (St Andrews)

1469

Annexation of Orkney and Shetland by Scotland
(previously Danish)

1472

First Scottish archbishopric (St Andrews)
156

1493

Lordship of the Isles reverts to James IV

1507

First Scottish printing press

1513

English defeat Scots at Battle of Flodden

1532

College of Justice created

1542

English defeat Scots at Battle of Solway Moss

1544–50

‘Rough Wooing’ of Scotland

1560

Scottish Reformation

1561

Mary, Queen of Scots, returns to Scotland (deposed 1567)

1590

First major witchcraft trial in Scotland (of North Berwick
witches)

1603

Union of the Crowns (James VI of Scotland also becomes
James I of England)

1609

Statutes of Iona; Justices of the Peace introduced into
Scotland; start of Scottish plantation of Ulster
Famine

1633

Charles I crowned in Scotland

1638

‘Scottish Revolution’ begins the ‘Wars of the Three
Kingdoms’; National Covenant

1643

Solemn League and Covenant

1645

Last major outbreak of plague in Scotland

1650s

Occupation of Scotland by Oliver Cromwell

1660

Restoration of Charles II

1662

Restoration settlement of religion

1672

Court of Justiciary established

1684

Scots colonies in New Jersey and Carolina

1690

Revolution Settlement of religion

1692

Massacre of Glencoe

1695

Bank of Scotland founded

1695–9

Serious famine and disease mortality

1707

Act of Union: Scottish Parliament merged with English

1708

Scottish Privy Council abolished

1711

Scottish Episcopalians Act

1714

Hanoverian succession to British throne (George I)
157

Chronology

1622–3

Scotland

1715

First major Jacobite rising (defeated at Battle of
Sheriffmuir)

1727

Royal Bank of Scotland founded; last execution of a
witch in Scotland

1730s–1790s

Scottish Enlightenment

1733

Original Secession (ﬁrst major split in the
post-Reformation Kirk)

1736

Porteous riots

1746

Last major Jacobite rising, begun in 1745, defeated at
Battle of Culloden

1748

Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act comes into
force

1756–63

Seven Years War between Britain and France

1761

Second Secession (Relief Church established)

1776

American Revolution (and War of Independence to
1783); Adam Smith’s The Wealth of Nations published

1789

French Revolution

1793–1802

Revolutionary War between Britain and France

1800s

First Highland ‘clearances’

1803–15

Napoleonic War between Britain and France

1822

George IV’s visit to Scotland

1829

Catholic Emancipation in Britain

1832

Parliamentary Reform Act (Scotland); cholera
epidemic

1833

Burgh Reform Acts: representative burgh councils
established

1842

Edinburgh–Glasgow railway line opened

1843

‘Disruption’ (Free Church of Scotland established)

1845

Poor Law (Scotland) Amendment Act

1846–8

Peak of Highland famine

1855

Civil registration of births, marriages, and deaths
introduced in Scotland

1868

Second Reform Act further extends parliamentary
franchise
158

1872

Education (Scotland) Act makes schooling compulsory

1878

Catholic episcopate restored in Scotland

1884

Further Reform Act creates ‘universal’ male suffrage

1885

Secretary for Scotland and Scottish Ofﬁce established

1886

Crofters’ Holdings (Scotland) Act

1888

Scottish Labour Party founded

1889

Local Government (Scotland) Act establishes
representative county councils

1890

Free schooling introduced; Forth Rail Bridge completed

1899–1902

Boer War

1900

United Free Church formed by union of Free Church and
United Presbyterian Church
First World War

1918

‘Universal’ suffrage; Education (Scotland) Act

1922

Labour the largest party in Scotland at general election;
ﬁrst broadcast of BBC from Glasgow

1926

Secretary for Scotland made ‘Secretary of State for
Scotland’; British General Strike

1928

Male and female franchise equalized

1928/1934

Scottish National Party founded

1929

Reuniﬁcation of Church of Scotland and United Free
Church

1931

National Trust for Scotland founded

1939

Scottish Ofﬁce moved from London to Edinburgh

1939–45

Second World War

1946

National Insurance established

1947

British coal and electricity nationalized (steel in 1967);
ﬁrst Edinburgh Festival

1948

National Health Service created

1965

Highlands and Islands Development Board established

1967

SNP wins Hamilton by-election; North Sea oil
exploration begins

1973–4

International ‘oil crisis’
159

Chronology

1914–18

Scottish devolution referendum fails

1984

British miners’ strike

1988

Community charge or ‘poll tax’ introduced in Scotland
(1989 in England)

1997

Scottish devolution referendum succeeds

1999

Re-opening of the Scottish Parliament

Scotland

1979

160

Monarchs of Scotland,
843–1714

(Note that early monarchs were kings of only part of Scotland, such as
Pictland or Alba.)
MacAlpin or mac Alpín dynasty, 843–1058
Kenneth I
843–58
Donald I
858–62
Constantine I
862–76
Aed
876–8
Giric and Eochaid
878–89
Donald II
889–900
Constantine II
900–43
Malcolm I
943–54
Indulf
954–62
Dubh or Duff
962–6
Culen
966–71
Kenneth II
971–95
Constantine III
995–7
Kenneth III
997–1005
Malcolm II
1005–34
Duncan I
1034–40
Macbeth
1040–57
Lulach
1057–8
Canmore Dynasty, 1058–1290
Malcolm III
Donald III

1058–93
1093–7 (temporarily
deposed by Duncan II, 1094)
161

Edgar
Alexander I
David I
Malcolm IV
William I
Alexander II
Alexander III
Margaret

1097–1107
1107–24
1124–53
1153–65
1165–1214
1214–49
1249–86
1286–90 (interregnum
to 1292)

Balliol and Bruce Dynasties, 1292–1371
John

Scotland

Robert I
David II
Stewart Dynasty, 1371–1714
Robert II
Robert III
James I
James II
James III
James IV
James V
Mary I
James VI
Charles I
Charles II

James VII
William II (and Mary to 1694)
Anne

162

1292–6 (interregnum
to 1306)
1306–29
1329–71
1371–90
1390–1406
1406–37
1437–60
1460–88
1488–1513
1513–42
1542–67
1567–1625
1625–49
1649–85 (exiled
during
Commonwealth and
Cromwellian
Protectorate 1651–60)
1685–8
1689–1702
1702–14

Index

aristocracy, 8, 11–13, 34–5, 43,
44, 47, 49, 50, 52, 80,
85–8, 89–90, 126
army, service in, 9–10, 17, 26, 83,
95, 113, 114, 119, 120,
121, 123, 126
art, 39, 42, 67, 70, 82, 131–2, 143
Asians, 123–4
atheism, 57, 58, 72
Auld Alliance, 9, 113
Australia, 104, 116, 117, 123, 146
Ayr, 81

A
Aberdeen, 22, 114, 116, 125
university, 65, 66

Adam, Robert, 134
William, 134

adultery, 58
advocates, 68

B

faculty of, 68, 139

Alba, 5–6
alcohol consumption, 55, 59, 79,
98, 129, 148
Alexander II, 6, 34
Alexander III, 6, 9
Allan, David, 131
America, North, 2, 19, 30, 66, 71,
72, 116, 117

bagpipes, 93, 143
Balmoral, 94, 134
Baltic, 102, 112, 113, 115, 116
banking, 104, 107, 108
Banks, Iain, 139
bankruptcy, 22, 77, 137
Barrie, J. M., 140
battles, 145

colonial, 19, 71, 89, 102, 116
United States of, 2, 19, 33, 71, 79,
104, 117, 121

Bannockburn, 9–11, 143
Carham, 6, 41
Culloden, 17, 90, 141–2
Killiecrankie, 15
Largs, 6
Naseby, 50
Prestonpans, 16
Solway Moss, 111

anatomy, 70, 71
Anglicans and Anglicanism, 49,
51, 57, 64, 116
Anglo-Saxons, 7, 39, 95
Anne, queen, 11, 14, 16
anthems, 120, 143
apprentices, 68, 112
Arbroath, Declaration of, 10, 11,
34
archaeology, 38–9, 99, 100, 133,
142
archery, 113, 145
architecture, medieval, 113,
114–15, 133–4

BBC, 127, 128
Berwick-upon-Tweed, 6, 9
Bible, 53, 59, 126, 127, 142
bishops, 11, 34, 45, 47, 49, 51–2
Black, Joseph, 70
Blair, Tony, 118
blasphemy, 51
Boer War, 31
Boswell, James, 80
Boys Brigade, 121
Braveheart, 141
brochs, 133
Brown, George Mackay, 140
Brown, Gordon, 118

Georgian, 78, 88, 134
Victorian, 78, 103, 133, 134
modern, 131, 135–6
church, 29, 54, 56, 113, 133, 135

Argyllshire, 5
163

clans, 83–4, 91–2, 93–4, 120, 126
classical culture, 65, 113–14, 134
clearances, 86, 88, 92, 97, 116, 117
clergy, 23, 42–3, 44, 50, 54, 55,
57, 66, 71, 72, 117, 138
climate, 73, 99–100, 106, 109
coal mining, 101, 102, 105, 107–8

Bruce, Robert (Robert I), 9–10
Buchan, John, 121
Buchanan, George, 47, 65, 82
burghs (towns), 7, 25, 26, 28, 29,
34, 43, 45, 56, 61, 63, 73,
74, 76, 77, 80, 88, 102,
126, 129, 130
Burns, Robert, 14, 58, 63, 127,
129, 138, 140
Burns Supper, 78, 129

miners, 33

coinage and currency, 12, 13, 108,
109
collegiate churches, 42, 43
colonies and colonialism, 15, 19,
71, 89, 102, 116, 118–21
Common Ridings, 130
Commonwealth, British, 79, 118,
123
communion, religious, 46, 49, 51,
57, 59
Connery, Sean, 138
Connoly, Billy, 138
Conservative party, 27, 31–4, 68,
97
Conservative and Unionist party,
Scottish, 32–4, 111
consumer culture, 62, 70–1, 81,
82, 102, 103, 113, 129,
134–5, 142
contraception, 75
Convention of Scottish Local
Authorities (COSLA), 37
courts of law, 19–24, 59–60, 84,
87

Scotland

C
Cadell, Francis, 132
Calvinism, 44–53, 58–9, 71, 142
Canada, 116, 117, 121
Carnegie, Andrew, 117
Caribbean, 116, 120, 121
castles, 7, 8, 41, 76, 113, 115, 132,
133
Catholics and Catholicism, 12, 16,
25, 39–43, 45, 52–3, 57,
58–9, 65, 116, 117, 122,
128, 142
‘Celtic fringe’, 81
Celts, 39, 42, 81–2, 95, 118, 125,
129
cemeteries, 29, 38, 135, 141
Chalmers, Thomas, 57
charity, Christian, 28, 59–60
Charles I, 14, 35, 48–50
Charles II, 35, 50, 93, 131
children, 63–4, 74, 75, 77, 79, 86,
103, 116
Christianity, early, 38–43, 46
Christmas, 46, 128
church attendance, 57, 59
Church of England, 45, 47, 49
Church of Scotland, 14, 37, 45–51,
52, 54, 55, 57

birlaw, 25
Court of Session, 19–20, 24, 70
criminal, 20, 47
High Court of Justiciary, 20–1, 22
Sheriff, 21

Covenants, covenanters and
covenanting, 48–51, 54,
61, 71, 85, 142
craftsmen, 43, 46, 68, 87, 129
crannogs, 133
crime, 20–1, 21–3, 24, 47, 58, 71,
94, 116, 124, 137, 139,
148

General Assembly of, 20, 45, 48

cinema, 131, 138, 139, 141–2
civil society, 2, 25, 28–9, 34, 37,
63, 70, 89, 130, 148
164

crofters and crofting, 87, 89,
96–8
Cromwell, Oliver, 17, 50
Culloden, ﬁlm about, 141–2
Culross, 115, 134
cultural pluralism, 90–1, 93–6,
121–4
Cumberland, duke of, 17

Edinburgh, 14, 16, 25, 29, 32, 36,
43, 45, 51, 52, 64, 79, 93,
101, 102, 106, 107, 108,
111, 113, 118, 122, 128,
130–1, 132, 133, 134,
135–6, 139, 142, 144, 145
festival, 130–1
schools, 64, 108
university, 29, 65, 67, 68, 72, 135–6,
140

D

Edward I, 8, 9, 10, 90, 110, 111,
119
Edward II, 141
education, 29, 37, 53, 54, 55,
61–72, 85, 88, 112, 113,
127, 142

Dál Riata, 5
Darien (Panama), 15, 120
David I, 7, 13
David II, 11
Defoe, Daniel, 18
devolution of government, 31,
32–7, 60, 64, 147–8
diet, 78–9, 129
disease, 15, 60, 73–5, 80, 100, 111,
121
Disruption (religious), 54–5, 57,
77
divorce, 23, 58, 75
Doyle, Arthur Conan, 139
drugs, 68, 120, 139, 141, 148
duelling, 71–2
Dumfries, 22
Dundee, 52, 61, 75, 78, 102–3,
104, 108–9, 122, 134,
136, 138

school, 52, 59–64, 108, 126, 127
university, 65–8, 113, 117
vocational, 20, 62, 68–9
sex, 59, 75

university, 67

Dunkeld, 41, 114
Durham, 39, 41
dutchchas (heritable
proprietorship), 91, 96,
97

attitudes towards Scots, 2, 15, 18,
31, 37, 110–12, 118, 127
living in Scotland, 18, 98, 122–3

Enlightenment, Scottish, 63, 64,
65, 69–72, 94, 138

E

English, 72
French, 71

Easter, 39, 46, 128
economics, 31, 33, 37, 69, 71, 77,
84–5, 97–8, 100, 102–3,
105, 126, 133

environment, 28, 37, 79, 81, 88,
99–101, 105–6, 146, 149
Episcopalians, 51–2, 53–4, 57, 64
165

Index

egalitarianism, 27, 30, 34, 64,
66–7, 69, 124
Elizabeth I, 14
emigration, 71, 92, 93, 97–8,
115–18, 121
empire, British, 1, 18, 31, 66, 71,
94, 95, 102, 104, 107, 113
employment and unemployment,
33, 63, 77, 80–1, 86, 88,
97, 98, 102, 103, 107,
122, 123, 128, 130, 143
energy, 27, 89, 105–6
English, attitudes of Scots
towards, 2, 9, 18, 98,
110–12

genealogy, 38, 139, 147
George I, 17
George II, 17
George III, 17, 112
George IV, 93
George V, 89
Germany, 44, 47, 79, 114, 120
Gibbon, Lewis Grassic, 132
gift society, 83–4, 91, 92
Gladstone, William Ewart, 27, 31,
64
Glasgow, 25, 30, 31, 32, 56, 61,
74, 78, 92, 102, 103, 107,
121, 122, 127, 128, 131,
133, 134–5, 136, 139, 144

European Community/Union,
24, 33, 37, 97, 106
evangelicalism, 54–5, 59, 60
examinations, 63, 66, 67, 69
executions, 9, 12, 22–3, 38, 47,
50, 58, 85

Scotland

F
fairies, 42
family, 38, 63, 73, 75, 77–8, 96,
98, 115, 148
famine, 73–4, 100, 120
farming, 73–4, 79, 85–6, 88, 91,
92, 97, 99–101, 105–6,
126, 129, 130
Ferguson, Adam, 69, 71
festivals, 36, 38, 43, 46, 128–31
feudalism, 23, 83–4, 85–6, 88
feuds, 48, 60, 91, 92
ﬁnancial services
First World War, 30–1, 105, 107,
120
ﬁshing, 92, 103, 105, 115
ﬂags, 17–18
football (soccer), 53, 122, 145
fornication, 58, 59, 75
Forsyth, Bill, 141
Fort William, 90, 135
France and French, 9, 15, 16–17,
19–20, 30, 44, 53, 63,
112, 113, 114, 115, 119,
122
franchise, judicial, 20–1, 84, 87

university, 65, 66, 140

Glorious Revolution, 14–15, 51
Glover, Thomas, 117
golf, 109, 145–6
government, Scottish, 8, 11–13,
25–37, 41, 84, 127, 147–8
English, 7, 12–13, 28, 84, 147–8, 149

Gray, Alasdair, 139
Greenock, 29
Gretna Green, 23
Guthrie, James, 132

H
Hamilton, 32
Hanover, royal house of, 16, 31,
51, 93, 94
Hardie, James Keir, 30
health, 28, 37, 60, 73–80, 105
Heath, Edward, 31
Henry VII, 111, 112
Henry VIII, 47, 111
Heritable Jurisdictions Act,
20–1, 84
Highland games, 130

parliamentary, 25–7, 30, 35, 85, 89,
103, 146

Free Church, 54–5, 57, 59, 87
Free Presbyterian Church, 57, 59,
96
funerals, 38, 46, 59, 73

society, 17, 52, 61–2, 90–3
economy, 90–3
communications, 90, 97, 98

G
Galloway, 6, 42
Galt, John, 137, 139

Highland-Lowland divide, 18,
51–2, 55, 61–2, 86, 90–8
166

industry, 1, 30, 63, 101–5, 107,
116–17

Highlanders, 8, 18, 90–8, 116
attitudes of Lowlanders towards,
94–6, 98, 110, 120, 122, 131
self-perception, 96, 110

early, 38, 83–4, 88, 92, 100, 101,
103, 105
decline of, 33, 104–5, 107–8
engineering, 33
high-tech, 108–9
service, 102, 104, 108–9

Highlands and Island
Development Board,
97
Historiographer Royal in
Scotland, 141–2
Hogg, James, 95, 139–40
Hogmanay, 128
holidays, 46, 80–1, 128, 129
holy wells, 42
homosexuality, 58, 124
Hornel, E. A., 132
housing, 23, 34, 37, 78, 88, 89,
98, 105, 135–6
Hume, David, 69, 71, 72, 112
humanity, common, 2, 34, 70,
123
humour, 131, 138
hunting, 99, 100, 146
Hutton, James, 70

Inverness, 125
Iona, 41
Ireland and Irish, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10, 13, 15, 16, 17, 19, 22,
30, 31, 33, 39, 40, 41, 49,
50, 52, 71, 79, 81, 82, 90,
94–5, 99, 100, 110,
117–18, 123, 141, 143–4,
149
Irish in Scotland, 52, 74, 94–5, 122

Isle of Man, 6, 81
Italy and Italians, 114, 115, 123,
143
Index

J
Jacobites, 14–17, 18, 51, 65, 94
Jacobite rebellions (1689), 15

I

(1715), 16
(1745), 16–17

Ice Age, 73, 81, 99
identity, Scottish, 1–3, 8, 11, 13,
19, 34, 60, 64, 69, 70,
80, 90–1, 93–8, 111–12,
117–18, 121, 122–3, 127,
138, 147–50

James I, 11, 113
James II, 11, 82, 113
James III, 11, 113, 114, 119
James IV, 11, 12, 111, 114
James V, 11, 12, 47, 111, 114
James VI/I, 11, 12, 14, 41, 45, 47,
48, 60, 89, 112, 114, 128
James VII/II, 14, 16, 51
Japan, 117
Jews, 52, 123
Johnson, Samuel, 80
Justice of the Peace, Scottish, 21

British, 1–3, 93–6, 125, 148–9
English, 6, 8, 39, 41, 95, 111–12, 149
Irish, 2, 117–18
Welsh, 13, 149

illegitimacy, 75, 88–9, 137
immigration, 52, 81, 94, 121–3,
126, 149
imperialism, 119
independence, Scottish, 3, 5–13,
33, 35, 37, 43, 111, 138,
149–50
India, 103, 109, 120, 121, 146
individualism, 58, 59, 71, 147, 148

English, 21, 55

K
kilt, 93, 118
Kirk (see Church of Scotland)
167

kirk sessions, 25, 45, 48, 58
Kirkcaldy, 72, 118
Knox, John, 12, 15, 44–5, 47, 53,
66

legal, 19, 24
popular, 61, 138

living standards
Loch Ness, 42
London, 9, 14, 16, 34, 50, 66, 68,
93, 122, 128
Lord Advocate, 22, 27
Lorimer, Robert, 135
lunatic asylums, 57
Lutheranism, 44, 45

L

Scotland

Labour party, 30–4, 85, 148
land owners and ownership, 47,
54, 61, 83–90, 91, 96–8,
115
Land Raids, 96, 97
language, British, 125–6

M

Celtic, 82, 125–6
English, 65, 69, 120, 126, 127, 128
French, 113, 126
Gaelic, 39, 65, 82, 96, 120, 125–8,
141, 144
Germanic, 82, 127
Latin, 65, 119, 125
Norse, 126, 127
Pictish, 125
Scots, 65, 127–8
Welsh, 13, 125

MacAlpin, Kenneth, 5
MacCaig, Norman, 140
MacDiarmid, Hugh, 140
MacDonald, James Ramsay, 30
Mackintosh, Charles Rennie, 135
MacLean, Will, 96, 140
Magna Carta, 34
Major, John, 31
Malcolm III, 41
manuscript culture, 39, 131
marriage, 23, 59, 74–5, 88–9, 115,
122, 129–30, 142
Marx, Karl and Marxism, 30–1,
85
Mary, queen of Scots, 11, 35, 45,
111
Medical Ofﬁcers of Health, 29
medical profession, 65, 66, 68,
70, 71, 77, 84, 112
Melville, Andrew, 47, 66
militia, 18–19, 129
missionaries, 39, 52, 71
monarchy, Scottish, 7, 10, 11, 13,
18, 34, 41–2, 44, 47, 85,
90, 110, 113, 161–2

law, Scots, 13, 14, 19–24, 25, 29,
52, 70, 78, 83, 84, 87, 89,
91, 113, 136
English, 12, 13, 19–24, 25, 91
Roman or ‘civil’, 23–4, 65, 68

lawyers, education of, 20, 65,
68–9
importance of, 20, 22, 23, 72

Lewis, Isle of, 38, 59, 92
Liberal party, 27–31, 95, 97
life expectancy, 74–5, 77, 79
Lindsay, David, 114
literacy, 7, 61, 62, 63, 70,
117
literature, 113–14, 121, 136–8

English, 7, 10–11, 34, 44
British, 1, 7, 13–14, 15–16, 48–9, 54,
89, 93, 95, 121

classical, 65
detective, 139
Enlightenment, 70–1
Gaelic, 126
historical, 2, 13, 29, 72, 111, 136,
140–1
kailyard, 140

monasteries, 41–2, 43, 47
mortality, 23, 29, 43, 74, 100, 121
Muir, Edwin, 117, 140
museums, 131, 134, 136
168

Paisley, 77, 78, 103
papacy, 10, 11, 41, 44, 47, 65, 112,
128
Paris, 65
parishes, 13, 41, 45, 55, 61, 77, 115
Parliament, British
(Westminster), 1, 15, 19,
20, 24, 29–30, 35, 37, 51,
112
Parliament, Scottish, pre-1707,
14, 19, 25, 29, 34, 35, 37,
45, 130

music, 70, 113, 114, 130, 131
church, 142
classical, 131, 142
folk or traditional, 143–4
popular, 127, 131, 144–5

Muslims, 58, 124

N
National Archives of Scotland,
134, 139
National Library of Scotland, 139
National Trust for Scotland, 132
nationalism, Scottish, 13, 15, 18,
27, 31, 94–6

Scottish 1999- (Holyrood), 34–7,
130, 136
substitutes for 1707–1999, 19, 20

patronage, aristocratic, 25, 87,
91–2

European, 53, 95
Irish, 2, 31, 117–18, 122, 128

church, 54
for jobs, 69, 71, 140

navy, 15, 17, 123
Netherlands, 14, 15, 50, 98, 100,
108, 112, 113, 115, 131
‘new Europeans’, 123
newspapers, 42, 138–9
Norman and Anglo-Norman
inﬂuence on Scotland, 7,
8, 10, 83, 110, 113, 119,
126
Northumbria, 6, 39, 41, 119
Norway and Norwegians, 98,
106, 116

Perth, 45, 46, 134
treaty of, 6

(social policy), 20, 28, 55–6, 57, 60,
77

politics, Scottish, 14, 18, 19,
25–37, 44, 47, 53
English, 14, 18, 26, 27, 34, 44
British, 27, 31, 34, 37, 53, 118

O

poor relief and poverty, 20, 46,
48, 55, 60, 63, 74, 76–8,
89, 115
population, 52, 67, 73–5, 88–9,
92, 97, 100, 118, 122,
123

oil, 33, 130
oral culture, 62, 69, 70, 91, 96,
126, 142–3
Orkney, 38, 82, 106, 121, 126,
133
Orwell, George, 1
Owen, Robert, 88

census of, 57
density, 55, 92
distribution, 74, 92
mobility, 80, 86, 87, 91, 100, 115,
126
redistribution, 74, 77, 81, 92, 101
greying, 75
size, 52, 73–5, 102

P
painting, 113, 131–2
Paolozzi, Eduardo, 132
169

Index

physicians, Royal College of, 68
Picts, 5–6, 39, 41, 82, 83, 95, 125
planned villages, 88
poetry, 84, 96, 113, 114, 126, 140
police (constabulary), 22, 28

Robert II, 11
Romans, inﬂuence on Britain,
38, 39, 90, 118–19
Roslin or Rosslyn chapel, 42, 133
rugby, 145

predestination, 46, 59
Presbyterianism, 25, 44–53, 54,
116
Pretender, Old (James Edward
Stewart), 16
Young (Charles Edward Stewart),
16–17

S

privacy, 58, 133, 147
procurators-ﬁscal, 21–2
pronunciation and accent, 128,
144
Protestants and Protestantism,
12, 14, 16, 25, 27, 44–60,
61, 65, 116, 117, 122, 127,
140, 142

Sabbath, enforcement of, 46, 59
St Andrew, 18, 39, 41, 129
St Andrews, 41, 45, 76, 114, 134,
146
university, 65, 66, 67, 68, 134

St Columba, 39, 41
St Cuthbert, 39
St Kilda, 26, 98
St Peter, 39
saints, 39, 41, 42, 46
Salmond, Alex, 35
Samhuinn, 43
Scandinavia, 81, 82–3, 88, 90,
102, 115, 122
school leaving age, 63

divisions within, 25, 47–8, 53–7

Scotland

publishing, 61–2, 103, 109, 127–8,
136–9, 140
Puritan, 46

R
racism, 93–4, 112, 118, 123–4
Raeburn, Henry, 131, 137
railways, 80–1, 104, 115
Ramsay, Allan, 131
Rankin, Ian, 139
Reformation, Scottish, 12, 15,
43–53, 61, 64, 66, 85,
127, 133

teachers, 63

schools, 61–4
grammar, 61, 64
parish, 61
private, 63, 64
Sunday, 63

science, 70, 72, 108–9
Scots abroad, 86, 117–18, 121

English, 44–6, 47

attitudes towards English, 2, 9, 18,
51, 98, 123, 148–9
attitudes of English towards, 2, 18,
37, 118, 123
in England, 66, 112, 118
sense of history, 1–3, 123, 147, 148

regions and regionalism, 2, 13,
20, 25, 28–30, 41, 42, 51,
59, 75, 86, 88–9, 90–1,
128, 129–30, 139, 145,
147–8
Reid, Thomas, 71
Relief Church, 54
religion, non-Christian, 38–9, 42,
46, 58, 100, 119, 124, 130
Renaissance, 19, 28, 43, 72, 82,
113–15, 133
riots, 16, 25, 70, 86–7, 96, 128
Rob Roy, 94

Scots (Gaels), 5–6, 39, 81–2, 90,
125
Scott, Walter, 93–4, 136, 137, 138,
139
Scottish Executive, 27, 37
Scottish National Party (SNP),
32–7
Scottish Ofﬁce, 27, 32
170

T

sculpture, 39, 40, 42, 96, 132
second sight, 43
Second World War, 123
Secretary of State for Scotland,
27
sectarianism, 52–3, 122, 128,
148
secularization, 53, 57–60, 147
serfdom, 83, 86, 101
servants, 26, 80, 86, 115, 129–30
settlement, early, 73, 81–2, 87–8,
99–100
Shakespeare, William, 111
Sheriffs, Scottish, 21, 28
English, 21

Shetland, 98, 126, 130, 143
shipbuilding, 33, 102, 103, 107
Skara Brae (Orkney), 133
skiing, 81, 146
Skye, Isle of, 92, 97, 98
slavery, 60, 70, 83, 102, 116,
120–1
Smith, Adam, 69, 71, 84, 132
Smout, Christopher, 141
social relationships, 25, 30–1, 48,
55, 58, 69–70, 72, 80,
83–6, 90–1, 95–6, 97,
130
structures, 55, 68–9, 81–98

U

Socialism, 30–2
song, 46, 96, 142–3
Spain, 53, 81, 82, 115, 143
sport, 53, 123, 143, 145–6
standard of living, 30, 61, 64, 73,
76–81, 136
standing stones, 38, 39
Stewart, royal house of, 7, 11, 15,
16, 51, 65, 162
Stirling, 9, 10, 115

Ullapool, 59, 98
Ulster (Northern Ireland), 2, 71,
89, 101, 108, 115–16, 117,
122, 127–8
Union, of the crowns (1603), 13,
19, 48, 111, 112
of parliaments (1707), 13, 14–15,
18–19, 27, 35, 37, 51, 53, 102,
148–50
Anglo-Irish (1801), 13, 18

university, 67, 142

Stornoway, 59
strikes, 30, 33
suicide, 23, 69–70, 98
surgeons, Royal College of, 68
Switzwerland, 44, 82

Unionism, 27–8, 31, 32–7, 95,
128
United Presbyterian Church, 54,
57
171

Index

tartan, 93, 94
taxation, 11, 26–7, 28, 29, 33, 42,
46, 47, 76–7, 84, 86, 87,
89, 120
television, 108, 127, 142, 143
Thatcher, Margaret, 31, 98, 145
Thomson, Alexander ‘Greek’, 56,
133
Tiree, 88–9, 93
tobacco, 71, 79, 102, 117
Tories (political party), 16–17, 51,
93
torture, 47, 120
tourism and travel, 42, 43, 65,
79, 80–1, 89, 93, 98, 109,
146
trade, 7, 13, 15, 18, 27, 70–1, 76,
79, 92, 95, 100, 101, 102,
107, 109, 112, 113, 117
trades unions, 25, 30–1, 37, 85,
87
Trainspotting, 139, 141
transportation of convicts, 22,
116
Traprain Law, 133

university students, 51, 65–8
Up-Helly-Aa (festival), 130
urbanization, 18, 26, 57, 63, 74,
78, 89, 101, 116–17

Wars of the Three Kingdoms,
49–50
Watkins, Peter, 141
weights and measures, 13
welfare state, 27, 79, 107
Welsh, Irving, 139
Whigs (political party), 16, 27,
140
whisky, 80, 109, 118, 129
Wilkie, David, 131
William of Orange, 14
Windsor, royal house of, 31, 94
wine, 79, 80, 129
witchcraft, 47, 58
Writers to the Signet, 68

V
Victoria, queen, 93, 94, 145
Vikings, 6, 42, 82–3, 100,
130

W
Wales and Welsh, 2, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10,
13, 22, 31, 34, 49, 81,
110, 149
Wallace, William, 9, 35, 141
Wars of Independence, 8–11, 110,
119

Y

Scotland

York, treaty of, 6
Younger, George, 33

172

