All	We	Ever	Wanted	is	a	work	of	fiction.	Names,	characters,	places,	and	incidents	are	the	products	of	the
author’s	imagination	or	are	used	fictitiously.	Any	resemblance	to	actual	events,	locales,	or	persons,	living	or
dead,	is	entirely	coincidental.
Copyright	©	2018	by	Emily	Giffin
All	rights	reserved.
Published	in	the	United	States	by	Ballantine	Books,	an	imprint	of	Random	House,	a	division	of	Penguin
Random	House	LLC,	New	York.
BALLANTINE	and	the	HOUSE	colophon	are	registered	trademarks	of	Penguin	Random	House	LLC.
LIBRARY	OF	CONGRESS	CATALOGING-IN-PUBLICATION	DATA
Names:	Giffin,	Emily,	author.
Title:	All	we	ever	wanted	:	a	novel	/	Emily	Giffin.
Description:	New	York	:	Ballantine	Books,	2018.
Identifiers:	LCCN	2018005082	|	ISBN	9780399178924	(hardcover)	|	ISBN	9780399178931	(e-book)
Subjects:	LCSH:	Married	women—Fiction.	|	Single	fathers—Fiction.	|	Teenagers—Fiction.	|	Domestic	fiction.	|
BISAC:	FICTION	/	Contemporary	Women.	|	FICTION	/	Romance	/	Contemporary.	|	FICTION	/	Literary.
Classification:	LCC	PS3607.I28	A79	2018	|	DDC	813/.6—dc23
LC	record	available	at	https://lccn.loc.gov/​2018005082
Ebook	ISBN 9780399178931
randomhousebooks.com
Title-page	and	chapter	opening	page	images:	copyright	©	iStock.com/Bannosuke
Book	design	by	Victoria	Wong,	adapted	for	ebook
Cover	design:	Laura	Klynstra
Cover	image:	Amy	Stafford,	Blixa	6	Studios
v5.3.1
ep

Contents
Cover
Title	Page
Copyright

Chapter	One:	Nina
Chapter	Two:	Tom
Chapter	Three:	Nina
Chapter	Four:	Tom
Chapter	Five:	Nina
Chapter	Six:	Lyla
Chapter	Seven:	Tom
Chapter	Eight:	Nina
Chapter	Nine:	Tom
Chapter	Ten:	Nina
Chapter	Eleven:	Tom
Chapter	Twelve:	Nina
Chapter	Thirteen:	Lyla
Chapter	Fourteen:	Nina
Chapter	Fifteen:	Tom
Chapter	Sixteen:	Lyla
Chapter	Seventeen:	Nina
Chapter	Eighteen:	Lyla
Chapter	Nineteen:	Nina
Chapter	Twenty:	Lyla
Chapter	Twenty-one:	Nina
Chapter	Twenty-two:	Lyla
Chapter	Twenty-three:	Tom
Chapter	Twenty-four:	Nina
Chapter	Twenty-five:	Tom
Chapter	Twenty-six:	Nina

Chapter	Twenty-seven:	Lyla
Chapter	Twenty-eight:	Nina
Chapter	Twenty-nine:	Lyla
Chapter	Thirty:	Nina
Epilogue:	Lyla
Dedication
Acknowledgments
By	Emily	Giffin
About	the	Author

I

t	started	out	as	a	typical	Saturday	night.	And	by	typical,	I	don’t	mean	normal	in
any	mainstream	American	way.	There	was	no	grilling	out	with	the	neighbors	or
going	to	the	movies	or	doing	any	of	the	things	I	did	as	a	kid.	It	was	simply	typical
for	 what	 we’d	 become	 since	 Kirk	 sold	 his	 software	 company,	 and	 we	 went	 from
comfortable	to	wealthy.	Very	wealthy.
Obscene	 was	 the	 description	 my	 childhood	 best	 friend	 Julie	 once	 used—not
about	 us,	 but	 about	 Melanie,	 another	 friend—after	 Melanie	 bought	 herself	 a
diamond	 Rolex	 for	 Mother’s	 Day	 and	 then	 offhandedly	 remarked	 at	 one	 of	 our
dinner	parties	that	homemade	pottery	from	her	kids	“wasn’t	going	to	cut	it.”
“She	could	feed	a	Syrian	refugee	camp	for	an	entire	year	with	that	watch,”	Julie
had	groused	in	my	kitchen	after	the	other	guests	had	departed.	“It’s	obscene.”
I’d	 nodded	 noncommittally,	 hiding	 my	 own	 Cartier	 under	 the	 edge	 of	 our
marble	 island,	 as	 I	 silently	 reassured	 myself	 with	 all	 the	 ways	 my	 watch,	 and
therefore	 my	 life,	 were	 different	 from	 Melanie’s.	 For	 one,	 I	 didn’t	 buy	 the	 watch
for	myself	on	a	whim;	Kirk	gave	it	to	me	for	our	fifteenth	anniversary.	For	another,
I	 had	 always	 loved	 when	 our	 son,	 Finch,	 made	 me	 presents	 and	 cards	 in	 his
younger	years,	and	was	sad	that	those	had	become	relics	of	the	past.
Most	 important,	 I	 don’t	 think	 I	 ever	 flaunted	 our	 wealth.	 If	 anything,	 it
embarrassed	me.	As	a	result,	Julie	didn’t	hold	our	money	against	me.	She	didn’t
know	 our	 exact	 worth	 but	 had	 a	 general	 sense	 of	 it,	 especially	 after	 she’d	 gone
house	 hunting	 with	 me	 when	 Kirk	 was	 too	 busy,	 helping	 me	 find	 our	 home	 on
Belle	Meade	Boulevard,	where	we	now	lived.	She	and	her	husband	and	girls	were
regular	guests	at	our	lake	house	and	our	home	on	Nantucket,	just	as	she	happily
inherited	my	gently	used	designer	hand-me-downs.
Occasionally	Julie	would	call	Kirk	out,	though,	not	for	being	showy	like	Melanie
but	for	having	elitist	tendencies.	A	fourth-generation	silver-spoon	Nashvillian,	my
husband	grew	up	ensconced	in	a	private-school,	country-club	world,	so	he’d	had
some	practice	at	being	a	snob,	even	back	when	his	money	was	merely	old,	and	not
yet	 obscene.	 In	 other	 words,	 Kirk	 came	 from	 a	 “good	 family”—that	 elusive	 term
that	nobody	ever	came	out	and	defined,	yet	we	all	knew	was	code	for	having	old
money	and	a	certain	well-bred,	refined	taste.	As	in:	he’s	a	Browning.
My	 maiden	 name,	 Silver,	 held	 no	 such	 status,	 not	 even	 by	 the	 standards	 of

Bristol,	the	town	on	the	Tennessee-Virginia	border	where	I	grew	up	and	Julie	still
lived.	We	were	no	slouches—my	dad	wrote	for	the	Bristol	Herald	Courier	and	my
mom	was	a	fourth-grade	teacher—but	we	were	squarely	middle	class,	and	our	idea
of	 living	 large	 was	 everyone	 ordering	 dessert	 at	 a	 nonchain	 restaurant.	 Looking
back,	I	wonder	if	that	may	have	explained	my	mom’s	preoccupation	with	money.
It	wasn’t	that	she	was	impressed	with	it,	but	she	could	always	tell	you	who	had	it
and	 who	 did	 not,	 who	 was	 cheap	 and	 who	 was	 living	 beyond	 their	 means.	 Then
again,	my	mom	could	pretty	much	tell	you	anything	about	anyone	in	Bristol.	She
wasn’t	 a	 gossip—at	 least	 not	 a	 mean-spirited	 one—she	 was	 simply	 fascinated	 by
other	people’s	business,	from	their	wealth	and	health	to	their	politics	and	religion.
Incidentally,	 my	 dad	 is	 Jewish	 and	 my	 mother	 Methodist.	 Live	 and	 let	 live	is
their	mantra,	an	outlook	that	was	passed	on	to	both	my	brother,	Max,	and	me,	the
two	of	us	embracing	the	more	attractive	elements	of	each	religion,	like	Santa	Claus
and	Seders,	while	punting	Jewish	guilt	and	Christian	judgment.	This	was	a	good
thing,	especially	for	Max,	who	came	out	during	college.	My	parents	didn’t	miss	a
beat.	If	anything,	they	seemed	more	uncomfortable	with	Kirk’s	money	than	with
my	 brother’s	 sexuality,	 at	 least	 when	 we	 first	 began	 to	 date.	 My	 mother	 had
insisted	that	she	was	just	sad	I	wouldn’t	be	getting	back	together	with	Teddy,	my
high	 school	 boyfriend,	 whom	 she	 adored,	 but	 I	 sometimes	 sensed	 a	 slight
inferiority	 complex,	 and	 her	 worry	 that	 the	 Brownings	 were	 somehow	 looking
down	on	me	and	my	family.
To	be	fair,	a	half-Jewish	girl	from	Bristol	with	a	gay	brother	and	no	trust	fund
probably	wasn’t	their	first	choice	for	their	only	child.	Hell,	I	probably	wasn’t	Kirk’s
first	choice	on	paper,	either.	But	what	can	I	say?	He	picked	me	anyway.	I’d	always
told	myself	that	he	fell	in	love	with	my	personality—with	me—the	same	way	I	fell
in	love	with	him.	But	in	the	past	couple	of	years	I	had	begun	to	wonder	about	both
of	us,	and	what	had	brought	us	together	in	college.
I	had	to	admit	that	when	discussing	our	relationship,	Kirk	often	referenced	my
looks.	He	always	had.	So	I’d	be	naïve	to	think	that	my	appearance	had	nothing	to
do	 with	 why	 we	 were	 together—just	 as	 I	 knew,	 deep	 down,	 that	 the	 patina	 and
security	of	a	“good	family”	had,	in	part,	attracted	me	to	him.
I	hated	everything	about	that	admission,	but	it	was	definitely	on	my	mind	that
Saturday	night	as	Kirk	and	I	took	an	Uber	to	the	Hermitage	Hotel	for	about	our
fifth	gala	of	the	year.	We	had	become	that	couple,	I	remember	thinking	in	the	back
of	 that	 black	 Lincoln	 Town	 Car—the	 husband	 and	 wife	 in	 an	 Armani	 tux	 and	 a
Dior	gown	who	were	barely	speaking.	Something	was	off	in	our	relationship.	Was
it	the	money?	Had	Kirk	become	too	obsessed	with	it?	Had	I	somehow	lost	myself
as	Finch	grew	older	and	I	spent	less	time	mothering	him	and	more	time	in	the	role
of	full-time	philanthropist?
I	 thought	 about	 one	 of	 my	 dad’s	 recent	 remarks,	 asking	 why	 my	 friends	 and	 I
didn’t	just	skip	the	galas—and	give	all	the	money	to	charity.	My	mom	had	chimed
in	that	we	might	be	able	to	accomplish	“more	meaningful	work	in	blue	jeans	than

black	tie.”	I	had	gotten	defensive,	reminding	them	that	I	did	that	sort	of	hands-on
work,	 too,	 such	 as	 the	 hours	 I	 spent	 every	 month	 answering	 calls	 on	 Nashville’s
suicide	 helpline.	 Of	 course	 I	 hadn’t	 admitted	 to	 my	 parents	 that	 Kirk	 sometimes
minimized	 that	 kind	 of	 volunteering,	 insisting	 that	 I	 was	 better	 off	 “just	 writing
the	check.”	In	his	mind,	a	donation	of	dollars	always	trumped	time;	the	fact	that	it
came	with	more	splash	and	credit	was	beside	the	point.
Kirk	was	a	good	man,	I	told	myself	now,	as	I	watched	him	take	a	swallow	of	the
bourbon	roadie	that	he’d	poured	into	a	red	Solo	cup.	I	was	being	too	hard	on	him.
On	both	of	us.
“You	look	fabulous,”	he	suddenly	said,	looking	over	at	me,	softening	me	further.
“That	dress	is	incredible.”
“Thanks,	honey,”	I	said	in	a	low	voice.
“I	can’t	wait	to	take	it	off	you,”	he	whispered,	so	the	driver	wouldn’t	hear	him.
He	gave	me	a	seductive	look,	then	took	another	drink.
I	smiled,	thinking	that	it	had	been	a	while,	and	resisted	the	urge	to	tell	him	that
he	 might	 want	 to	 slow	 down	 on	 the	 booze.	 Kirk	 didn’t	 have	 a	 drinking	 problem,
but	 it	 was	 a	 rare	 night	 that	 he	 didn’t	 at	 least	 catch	 a	 red-wine	 buzz.	 Maybe	 that
was	it,	I	thought.	We	definitely	both	needed	to	ease	up	on	our	social	calendars.	Be
less	distracted.	More	present.	Maybe	that	would	come	when	Finch	went	to	college
in	the	fall.
“So.	 Who	 have	 you	 told?	 About	 Princeton?”	 he	 asked,	 clearly	 thinking	 about
Finch,	too,	and	the	acceptance	letter	he’d	just	received	the	day	before.
“Other	than	family,	only	Julie	and	Melanie,”	I	said.	“What	about	you?”
“Just	the	guys	in	my	foursome	today,”	he	said,	rattling	off	the	names	of	his	usual
golf	buddies.	“I	didn’t	want	to	brag…but	I	couldn’t	help	myself.”
His	expression	mirrored	the	way	I	felt—a	mix	of	pride	and	disbelief.	Finch	was	a
good	student,	and	had	gotten	into	Vanderbilt	and	Virginia	earlier	that	winter.	But
Princeton	 had	 been	 a	 long	 shot,	 and	 his	 admittance	 felt	 like	 a	 culmination	 and
validation	 of	 so	 many	 parenting	 decisions,	 beginning	 with	 applying	 Finch	 to
Windsor	Academy,	the	most	rigorous	and	prestigious	private	school	in	Nashville,
when	 he	 was	 only	 five	 years	 old.	 Since	 then,	 we	 had	 always	 prioritized	 our	 son’s
education,	hiring	private	tutors	when	needed,	exposing	him	to	the	arts,	and	taking
him	 to	 virtually	 every	 corner	 of	 the	 globe.	 Over	 the	 past	 three	 summers,	 we	 had
sent	 him	 on	 a	 service	 trip	 to	 Ecuador,	 to	 a	 cycling	 camp	 in	 France,	 and	 on	 a
marine	 biology	 course	 in	 the	 Galápagos	 Islands.	 I	 recognized,	 of	 course,	 that	 we
were	 at	 a	 distinct	 financial	 advantage	 over	 so	 many	 other	 applicants,	 and
something	 about	 that	 (especially	 the	 check	 we’d	 written	 to	 Princeton’s
endowment)	 made	 me	 feel	 a	 little	 guilty.	 But	 I	 told	 myself	 that	 money	 alone
couldn’t	gain	a	kid	admission	to	the	Ivy	League.	Finch	had	worked	hard,	and	I	was
so	proud	of	him.

Focus	on	that,	I	told	myself.	Focus	on	the	positive.
Kirk	 was	 looking	 at	 his	 phone	 again,	 so	 I	 pulled	 mine	 out,	 too,	 checking
Instagram.	 Finch’s	 girlfriend,	 Polly,	 had	 just	 posted	 a	 photo	 of	 the	 two	 of	 them,
the	caption	reading:	We’re	both	Tigers,	y’all!	Clemson	and	Princeton,	here	we	come!	I	showed	the
picture	 to	 Kirk,	 then	 read	 aloud	 some	 of	 the	 congratulatory	 comments	 from
children	of	our	friends	who	would	be	in	attendance	tonight.
“Poor	Polly,”	Kirk	said.	“They	won’t	last	a	semester.”
I	wasn’t	sure	if	he	meant	the	distance	between	South	Carolina	and	New	Jersey
or	 the	 mere	 reality	 of	 young	 love,	 but	 I	 murmured	 my	 agreement,	 trying	 not	 to
think	 of	 the	 condom	 wrapper	 that	 I’d	 recently	 found	 under	 Finch’s	 bed.	 The
discovery	was	far	from	a	surprise,	but	it	still	made	me	sad,	thinking	of	how	much
he	had	grown	up	and	changed.	He	used	to	be	such	a	little	chatterbox,	a	precocious
only	 child	 regaling	 me	 with	 every	 detail	 of	 his	 day.	 There	 was	 nothing	 I	 hadn’t
known	 about	 him,	 nothing	 he	 wouldn’t	 have	 shared.	 But	 with	 puberty	 came	 an
onset	 of	 remoteness	 that	 never	 really	 cleared,	 and	 in	 recent	 months,	 we’d	 talked
very	little,	no	matter	how	hard	I	tried	to	break	down	his	barriers.	Kirk	insisted	it
was	normal,	all	part	of	a	boy’s	preparation	to	leave	the	nest.	You	worry	too	much,
he	always	told	me.
I	put	my	phone	back	in	my	bag,	sighed,	and	said,	“Are	you	ready	for	tonight?”
“Ready	 for	 what?”	 he	 asked,	 draining	 his	 bourbon	 as	 we	 turned	 onto	 Sixth
Avenue.
“Our	 speech?”	 I	 said,	 meaning	 his	 speech,	 though	 I	 would	 be	 standing	 beside
him,	offering	him	moral	support.
Kirk	gave	me	a	blank	stare.	“Speech?	Remind	me?	Which	gala	is	this,	again?”
“I	hope	you’re	kidding?”
“It’s	hard	to	keep	them	all	straight—”
I	sighed	and	said,	“The	Hope	Gala,	honey.”
“And	we	are	hoping	for	what,	exactly?”	he	asked	with	a	smirk.
“Suicide	awareness	and	prevention,”	I	said.	“We’re	being	honored,	remember?”
“For	what?”	he	asked,	now	starting	to	annoy	me.
“The	 work	 we	 did	 bringing	 mental	 health	 experts	 to	 Nashville,”	 I	 said,	 even
though	 we	 both	 knew	 it	 had	 much	 more	 to	 do	 with	 the	 fifty-thousand-dollar
donation	we’d	given	after	a	freshman	at	Windsor	took	her	life	last	summer.	It	was
too	horrible	for	me	to	process,	even	all	these	months	later.
“I’m	kidding,”	Kirk	said,	as	he	reached	out	to	pat	my	leg.	“I’m	ready.”
I	nodded,	thinking	that	Kirk	was	always	ready.	Always	on.	The	most	confident,
competent	man	I’d	ever	known.

A	moment	later,	we	pulled	up	to	the	hotel.	A	handsome	young	valet	swung	open
my	door,	issuing	a	brisk	welcome.	“Will	you	be	checking	in	tonight,	madame?”	he
asked.
I	told	him	no,	we	were	here	for	the	gala.	He	nodded,	offering	me	his	hand,	as	I
gathered	the	folds	of	my	black	lace	gown	and	stepped	onto	the	sidewalk.	Ahead	of
me,	I	saw	Melanie	chatting	amid	a	cluster	of	friends	and	acquaintances.	The	usual
crowd.	She	rushed	toward	me,	giving	me	air	kisses	and	compliments.
“You	look	amazing,	too.	Are	those	new?”	I	reached	up	to	her	face,	my	fingertips
grazing	the	most	gorgeous	chandelier	diamond	earrings.
“Newly	acquired	but	vintage,”	she	said.	“Latest	apology	from	you	know	who.”
I	smiled	and	glanced	around	for	her	husband.	“Where	is	Todd,	anyway?”
“Scotland.	Boys’	golf	trip.	Remember?”	she	said,	rolling	her	eyes.
“That’s	 right,”	 I	 said,	 thinking	 that	 it	 was	 hard	 to	 keep	 up	 with	 Todd’s
boondoggles.	He	was	worse	than	Kirk.
“Will	you	share	this	fella	with	me	tonight?”	Melanie	asked	with	a	shimmy	of	her
shoulders	as	Kirk	rounded	the	car	and	joined	us.
“I’m	sure	he	has	no	objections,”	I	said,	smiling.
An	 accomplished	 flirt,	 Kirk	 nodded,	 giving	 Melanie	 a	 double-cheek	 kiss.	 “You
look	stunning,”	he	told	her.
She	 smiled	 and	 thanked	 him,	 then	 shouted,	 “Omigod!	 I	 heard	 the	 fabulous
news!	Princeton!	You	must	be	so	over-the-moon	proud!”
“We	 are.	 Thanks,	 Mel….Has	 Beau	 made	 a	 final	 decision?”	 Kirk	 asked,	 shifting
the	attention	to	Melanie’s	son.	His	friendship	with	Finch,	going	all	the	way	back	to
the	first	grade,	was	really	the	reason	Mel	and	I	had	become	so	close.
“It’s	looking	like	Kentucky,”	Melanie	said.
“Full	ride?”	Kirk	asked.
“Half,”	 Melanie	 said,	 beaming.	 Beau	 was	 an	 average	 student	 but	 an	 amazing
baseball	player,	and	had	similar	offers	from	a	handful	of	schools.
“That’s	still	really	impressive.	Good	for	him,”	Kirk	said.
For	years	I’d	had	the	uncomfortable	feeling	that	Kirk	had	been	jealous	of	Beau’s
baseball	career.	He	often	accused	Melanie	and	Todd	of	being	obnoxious,	bragging
too	much	about	all-star	this	and	that.	But	now	it	was	easy	for	Kirk	to	be	gracious;
Finch	 had	 won,	 after	 all.	 Princeton	 trumped	 baseball.	 At	 least	 that’s	 how	 I	 knew
my	husband	saw	it.
As	Melanie	flitted	off	to	greet	another	friend,	Kirk	announced	that	he	was	going
to	 find	 the	 bar.	 “Do	 you	 want	 a	 drink?”	 he	 asked,	 usually	 quite	 chivalrous	 at	 the
start	of	the	evening.	It	was	the	end	of	the	night	that	sometimes	got	iffy.

“Yes.	 But	 I’ll	 go	 with	 you,”	 I	 said,	 determined	 to	 spend	 quality	 time	 together,
even	in	a	crowd.	“Can	we	please	not	make	it	a	late	night?”
“Sure.	 That’s	 fine,”	 Kirk	 said,	 slipping	 his	 arm	 around	 my	 waist	 as	 we	 walked
into	the	glittering	hotel	lobby.
—
THE	REST	OF	the	night	followed	the	usual	gala	script,	beginning	with	cocktails	and	a
silent	 auction.	 There	 was	 nothing	 I	 really	 wanted,	 but	 reminding	 myself	 that	 all
the	money	was	going	to	a	good	cause,	I	bid	on	a	sapphire	cocktail	ring.	Meanwhile,
I	 nursed	 a	 glass	 of	 sauvignon	 blanc,	 made	 small	 talk,	 and	 reminded	 Kirk	 not	 to
drink	too	much.
At	some	point,	the	dinner	chimes	sounded,	the	lobby	bar	stopped	serving,	and
we	were	herded	into	an	expansive	ballroom	to	find	our	assigned	tables.	Kirk	and	I
were	 at	 a	 ten-top,	 front	 and	 center,	 seated	 with	 three	 other	 couples	 we	 knew
reasonably	well,	plus	Melanie,	who	kept	me	more	than	entertained	with	a	running
critique	of	the	décor	(the	floral	arrangements	were	too	high),	the	cuisine	(chicken,
again?),	and	the	egregiously	clashing	red	and	maroon	attire	of	the	gala	co-chairs
(how	could	they	not	have	thought	to	coordinate?).
Then,	as	an	army	of	waiters	trotted	out	our	standard	chocolate	mousse	desserts,
the	gala	chairs	introduced	Kirk	and	me,	heaping	praise	on	us	for	our	commitment
to	 this	 charity	 and	 so	 many	 others.	 I	 sat	 up	 as	 straight	 as	 I	 could,	 feeling	 a	 bit
nervous	as	I	heard	So,	without	further	ado…Nina	and	Kirk	Browning.
As	 the	 crowd	 applauded,	 Kirk	 and	 I	 rose	 and	 made	 our	 way	 to	 the	 short
staircase	leading	up	to	the	stage.	With	my	hand	in	his,	we	ascended	the	steps,	my
heart	 pounding	 with	 a	 rush	 of	 adrenaline	 that	 came	 from	 being	 in	 the	 spotlight.
When	we	reached	the	podium,	Kirk	stepped	forward	to	take	the	microphone	while
I	stood	at	his	side,	pressing	my	shoulder	blades	together,	a	smile	plastered	across
my	face.	When	the	applause	died	down,	Kirk	began	to	speak,	first	thanking	the	cochairs,	their	various	committees,	our	fellow	patrons,	and	all	the	donors.	He	then
got	to	the	reason	we	were	here	tonight,	his	voice	growing	somber.	I	stared	at	his
strong	profile,	thinking	how	handsome	he	was.
“My	 wife,	 Nina,	 and	 I	 have	 a	 son	 named	 Finch,”	 he	 said.	 “Finch,	 like	 some	 of
your	children,	will	be	graduating	from	high	school	in	just	a	couple	of	months.	In
the	fall,	he	will	be	headed	off	to	college.”
I	looked	past	the	bright	lights	into	a	sea	of	faces	as	Kirk	continued.	“For	the	last
eighteen	years,	our	life	has	revolved	around	him.	He	is	the	most	precious	thing	in
the	 world	 to	 us,”	 he	 said,	 then	 halted,	 looked	 down,	 and	 took	 a	 few	 seconds	 to
continue.	“And	I	just	can’t	imagine	the	horror	of	losing	him.”
I	lowered	my	gaze,	nodding	in	agreement,	feeling	a	stab	of	overwhelming	grief
and	compassion	for	every	family	devastated	by	suicide.	But	as	Kirk	went	on	to	talk
about	 the	 organization,	 my	 mind	 guiltily	 wandered	 back	 to	 our	 life,	 our	 son.	 All

the	opportunity	that	stretched	ahead	for	him.
I	 tuned	 back	 in	 to	 hear	 my	 husband	 say,	 “So,	 in	 closing,	 Nina	 and	 I	 are	 so
honored	 to	 join	 with	 you	 in	 this	 important	 cause….This	 is	 a	 fight	 for	 all	 of	 our
children.	Thank	you	so	much.	And	good	night.”
As	 the	 crowd	 applauded	 once	 again,	 and	 a	 few	 of	 our	 closest	 friends	 actually
stood	for	an	ovation,	Kirk	turned	and	gave	me	a	wink.	He	knew	he’d	nailed	it.
“Perfect,”	I	whispered.
Only	things	were	actually	far	from	perfect.
Because	 at	 virtually	 that	 very	 moment,	 our	 son	 was	 across	 town,	 making	 the
worst	decision	of	his	life.

C

all	 it	 father’s	 intuition,	 but	 I	 knew	 something	 bad	 was	 happening	 to	 Lyla
before	 I	 actually	 knew.	 Then	 again,	 maybe	 my	 gut	 feeling	 had	 absolutely
nothing	to	do	with	intuition,	or	our	close	bond,	or	the	fact	that	I’d	been	a	single
parent	since	she	was	four	years	old.	Maybe	it	was	simply	the	skimpy	outfit	she’d
tried	to	leave	the	house	in	just	hours	before.
I’d	been	cleaning	the	kitchen	when	she	slinked	past	me	wearing	a	dress	so	short
that	 you	 could	 see	 the	 bottom	 of	 her	 ass—a	 part	 of	 her	 anatomy	 that	 her	 eight
hundred	Instagram	followers	had	come	to	know	well,	thanks	to	countless	“artsy”
(according	 to	 Lyla)	 bikini	 shots	 she’d	 posted	 before	 I	 instituted	 my	 bright-line
social-media	bathing-suit	ban.
“See	ya,	Dad,”	she	said	with	practiced	nonchalance.
“Whoa,	whoa,”	I	said,	blocking	her	path	to	the	door.	“Where	do	you	think	you’re
going?”
“To	 Grace’s.	 She	 just	 pulled	 up.”	 Lyla	 pointed	 out	 the	 front	 window	 of	 our
house.	“See?”
“What	 I	 see,”	 I	 said,	 glancing	 out	 the	 window	 at	 Grace’s	 white	 Jeep,	 “is	 that
you’re	missing	the	bottom	half	of	your	dress.”
She	 rolled	 her	 eyes	 and	 hitched	 an	 enormous	 tote	 bag	 over	 one	 shoulder.	 I
noticed	that	she	wasn’t	wearing	any	makeup.	Yet.	I	wasn’t	a	gambling	man,	but	I’d
bet	a	hundred	bucks	that	by	the	time	Grace’s	car	was	at	Five	Points,	the	black	shit
Lyla	 put	 around	 her	 eyes	 would	 emerge,	 along	 with	 boots	 to	 replace	 her	 untied
sneakers.	“It’s	called	fashion,	Dad.”
“Did	you	borrow	that	fashion	from	Sophie?”	I	asked,	referring	to	the	little	girl
she	regularly	babysat.	“Although	it	might	even	be	too	short	for	her.”
“You’re	 hilarious,”	 Lyla	 deadpanned,	 staring	 at	 me	 with	 one	 eye,	 the	 other
covered	with	a	mane	of	curly	dark	hair.	“You	should	do,	like,	stand-up.”
“Okay.	Look,	Lyla.	You’re	not	going	out	of	the	house	in	that.”	I	tried	to	keep	my
voice	low	and	calm,	the	way	a	psychologist	had	advised	we	speak	to	our	teenagers
at	a	recent	lecture	at	Lyla’s	school.	They	tune	us	out	when	we	yell,	 the	 lady	 had
said	in	her	own	monotone.	I’d	glanced	around	the	auditorium,	amazed	to	see	so
many	 parents	 taking	 notes.	 Did	 these	 people	 really	 have	 time	 to	 consult	 a

notebook	in	the	heat	of	the	moment?
“Da-ad,”	Lyla	whined.	“I’m	just	trying	to	go	study	with	Grace	and	a	couple	other
people…”
“Studying	on	a	Saturday	night?	Seriously?	What	do	you	take	me	for,	anyway?”
“Our	exams	are	coming	up…and	we	have	this	big	group	project.”	She	unzipped
her	backpack	and	pulled	out	a	biology	textbook,	holding	it	up	as	proof.	“See?”
“And	just	how	many	boys	are	in	your	study	group?”
She	fought	a	smirk	and	lost.
“Change.	 Now,”	 I	 said,	 pointing	 down	 the	 hall	 toward	 her	 bedroom,	 my	 mind
filled	with	the	horrifying	possibilities	of	the	real-life	biology	lesson	she	could	get	in
that	outfit.
“Okay,	 but	 every	 minute	 I	 waste	 debating	 this	 with	 you	 is,	 like,	 a	 percentage
point	off	my	grade.”
“I’ll	 settle	 for	 a	 C	 and	 a	 longer	 dress,”	 I	 said,	 then	 resumed	 my	 cleaning	 to
indicate	the	conversation	was	over.
I	could	feel	her	staring	at	me	and,	out	of	the	corner	of	my	eye,	saw	her	turn	and
stomp	down	the	hall.	A	few	minutes	later,	she	returned	in	a	potato	sack	of	a	dress
that	only	worried	me	more,	as	it	confirmed	that	she’d	be	changing	clothes—right
after	she	spackled	on	the	makeup.
“Remember.	 Be	 home	 by	 eleven,”	 I	 said,	 even	 though	 I	 had	 no	 real	 way	 of
enforcing	her	curfew	when	I	wouldn’t	be	back	until	much	later	than	that.	I	was	a
carpenter	by	trade,	but	to	make	a	little	extra	cash,	I	also	drove	a	few	nights	a	week
for	Uber	and	Lyft,	and	Saturday	was	my	best	night.
“I’m	sleeping	over	at	Grace’s.	Remember?”
I	 sighed,	 because	 I	 vaguely	 recalled	 giving	 her	 permission,	 though	 I	 had
forgotten	 to	 call	 Grace’s	 mother	 to	 verify	 the	 plans.	 I	 told	 myself	 that	 I	 had	 no
reason	 to	 distrust	 Lyla.	 She	 could	 be	 rebellious	 on	 the	 margins,	 testing	 the
boundaries	the	way	teenagers	do.	But	for	the	most	part,	she	was	a	good	kid.	She
was	smart	and	studied	hard,	which	was	why	she’d	ended	up	at	Windsor	Academy
after	 attending	 public	 school	 through	 the	 eighth	 grade.	 The	 transition	 had	 been
difficult	for	us	both.	My	challenge	was	around	logistics	(she	could	no	longer	take	a
bus	 to	 school)	 and	 economics	 (tuition	 was	 over	 thirty	 grand	 a	 year,	 though
fortunately,	 more	 than	 eighty	 percent	 of	 that	 was	 covered	 by	 financial	 aid).	 Her
stress	had	more	to	do	with	the	intense	academics	and	an	even	more	intense	social
scene.	In	short,	Lyla	had	never	before	been	around	so	many	rich	kids,	and	it	had
been	a	bit	of	a	struggle	to	keep	pace	in	their	polished,	privileged	world.	But	now,
nearing	the	end	of	her	sophomore	year,	she	had	made	a	few	friends	and	seemed
happy	overall.	Her	closest	friend	was	Grace,	a	little	spark	plug	of	a	girl	whose	dad
worked	in	the	music	industry.	“Are	her	parents	home?”	I	asked.

“Yeah.	Well,	her	mom	is,	anyway.	Her	dad	might	be	out	of	town.”
“And	Grace	has	a	curfew?”	I	asked,	feeling	sure	she	did.	I’d	met	her	mother	only
a	 few	 times,	 but	 she	 seemed	 to	 have	 a	 good	 head	 on	 her	 shoulders,	 though	 her
decision	to	give	her	sixteen-year-old	a	brand-new	Jeep	was,	in	my	book,	suspect.
“Yes.	And	it’s	eleven-thirty,”	she	said,	looking	smug.
“Eleven-thirty?	For	a	sophomore?”
“Yes,	Dad.	That’s	everyone’s	curfew	but	mine.	Or	later.”
I	didn’t	believe	this	but	gave	in	with	a	sigh,	having	long	since	learned	to	pick	my
battles.	“Fine.	But	you	have	to	be	back	at	Grace’s	by	eleven-thirty	sharp.”
“Thanks,	Dad,”	she	said,	blowing	me	a	kiss	on	her	way	out	the	door,	just	the	way
she	used	to	do	when	she	was	little.
I	 caught	 it	 in	 the	 air	 and	 pressed	 it	 to	 my	 cheek,	 the	 second	 part	 of	 our	 old
routine.	But	she	didn’t	see	me.	She	was	too	busy	looking	down	at	her	phone.
—
FOR	 SOME	 REASON,	 it	 was	 that	 air	 kiss	 that	 I	 thought	 about	 as	 I	 returned	 home
around	one-thirty	in	the	morning,	poured	a	Miller	Lite	into	the	frosted	mug	I	kept
in	the	freezer,	and	heated	up	a	plate	of	two-day-old	chicken	tetrazzini.	It	was	the
last	communication	I’d	had	with	Lyla—not	a	single	text	or	call	since.	That	wasn’t
all	that	unusual,	especially	on	nights	I	worked	late,	but	it	still	nagged	at	me,	along
with	 a	 weird	 feeling	 of	 unease.	 Nothing	 catastrophic	 or	 doomsday,	 just	 fear-ofher-having-sex	kind	of	worry.
A	few	minutes	later,	my	phone	rang.	It	was	Lyla.	I	felt	simultaneous	relief	and
worry	as	I	answered	and	said,	“Are	you	okay?”
There	 was	 a	 pause	 before	 I	 heard	 another	 girl’s	 voice	 in	 my	 ear.	 “Um,	 Mr.
Volpe?	This	is	Grace.”
“Grace?	Where’s	Lyla?	Is	she	okay?”	I	asked,	panicking	as	I	suddenly	pictured
my	daughter	in	the	back	of	an	ambulance.
“Yeah,	yeah.	She’s	right	here.	With	me.	At	my	house.”
“Is	she	hurt?”	I	asked,	unable	to	think	of	another	reason	Lyla	wouldn’t	be	calling
me	herself.
“No.	Um.	Not	like…that.”
“Like	what	then,	Grace?	Put	Lyla	on	the	phone.	Now.”
“Um.	I	can’t	do	that,	Mr.	Volpe….She	can’t	really…talk….”
“Why	can’t	she	talk?”	I	said,	growing	increasingly	frantic	as	I	paced	around	our
small	kitchen.
“Um,	well,”	Grace	began.	“She’s	kind	of	out	of	it….”

I	stopped	pacing	long	enough	to	put	my	shoes	back	on.	“What’s	going	on?	Did
she	take	something?”
“No.	 Lyla	 doesn’t	 do	 drugs,	 Mr.	 Volpe,”	 Grace	 said	 in	 a	 steady,	 firm	 tone	 that
calmed	me	just	a	little.
“Is	your	mom	there?”
“Um,	no,	Mr.	Volpe.	She’s	out,	at	a	benefit	thing…but	should	be	back	soon.”	She
continued	to	babble	an	explanation	of	her	mother’s	social	itinerary,	but	I	cut	her
off.
“Dammit,	Grace!	Could	you	please	tell	me	what	the	hell	is	going	on?”
“Um,	 well…Lyla	 just	 drank	 too	 much….Well,	 actually,	 she	 didn’t	 drink	 that
much.	She	only	had	a	little	bit	of	wine	and,	like,	one	drink…at	this	party	we	went
to…after	 we	 studied….But	 she	 didn’t	 really	 eat	 dinner.	 I	 think	 that	 was	 the
problem.”
“Is	she…conscious?”	I	asked.	My	heart	raced	as	I	wondered	if	Grace	should	hang
up	with	me	and	call	911.
“Oh,	 yeah.	 She’s	 not	 passed	 out….She’s	 just	 really	 out	 of	 it,	 and	 I’m	 a	 little
worried,	and	just	thought	you	should	know.	But	honestly,	she	didn’t	do	any	drugs
or	 even	 drink	 that	 much…as	 far	 as	 I	 know….But	 we	 were	 apart	 for	 a	 little	 while.
Not	that	long—”
“Okay.	I’m	on	my	way	over,”	I	said,	grabbing	my	keys	as	I	tried	to	remember	the
exact	location	of	Grace’s	house.	It	was	somewhere	in	Belle	Meade,	where	most	of
the	Windsor	kids	lived,	but	I’d	dropped	Lyla	off	there	only	a	few	times.	“Text	me
your	address.	Okay,	Grace?”
“Okay,	 Mr.	 Volpe.	 I	 will,”	 she	 said,	 then	 resumed	 her	 disjointed	 mix	 of
confessing	and	downplaying.
Somewhere	between	the	door	and	my	car,	I	hung	up	on	her	and	started	to	run.
—
AFTER	RETRIEVING	A	semiconscious	Lyla	from	Grace’s,	Googling	“alcohol	poisoning,”
and	talking	with	Lyla’s	on-call	pediatrician,	I	concluded	that	my	daughter	wasn’t
in	any	immediate	danger.	She	was	just	run-of-the-mill-dumb-teenager	drunk.	So
there	was	nothing	for	me	to	do	but	sit	with	her	on	the	tile	floor	of	her	bathroom
while	 she	 moaned	 and	 cried	 and	 repeatedly	 slurred,	 “Dad,	 I’m	 so,	 so	 sorry.”
Occasionally	 she	 even	 referred	 to	 me	 as	 Daddy—my	 former	 name,	 which,	 sadly,
she’d	dropped	a	few	years	back.
Of	course	she	was	wearing	the	dress	I’d	told	her	not	to	wear	and	her	eyes	looked
like	 a	 panda’s,	 ringed	 in	 black.	 I	 didn’t	 bother	 to	 lecture,	 knowing	 she	 likely
wouldn’t	 remember	 anything	 anyway.	 I	 did	 ask	 her	 some	 questions,	 though,
hoping	that	the	booze	would	act	as	truth	serum,	and	that	I	could	get	enough	of	the

story	to	be	able	to	effectively	cross-examine	her	in	the	morning.
The	conversation	was	fairly	predictable,	going	something	like	this:
Did	you	do	drugs?	No.
Did	you	drink?	Yes.
How	much?	Not	that	much.
Where	were	you?	At	a	party.
Whose	party?	A	boy	named	Beau.
Does	he	go	to	Windsor?	Yes.
What	happened?	I	don’t	remember.
And	that	was	all	I	got.	Either	she	really	didn’t	remember—or	she	was	just	telling
me	she	didn’t	remember.	Regardless,	I	was	left	to	fill	in	the	blanks	with	less	than
pleasant	imagery.	Every	so	often,	she’d	crawl	back	to	the	toilet	and	puke	while	I
held	 her	 tangled	 hair	 out	 of	 the	 way.	 When	 I	 felt	 sure	 nothing	 was	 left	 in	 her
stomach,	I	fed	her	sips	of	water	with	a	couple	Tylenol,	helped	her	brush	her	teeth
and	wash	her	face,	then	got	her	into	bed,	still	wearing	that	dress.
As	I	sat	in	the	armchair	in	her	room	and	watched	her	sleep,	I	felt	waves	of	all	the
predictable	anger,	worry,	and	disappointment	that	come	with	being	the	father	of	a
teenage	girl	who	has	just	fucked	up.	But	there	was	something	else	nagging	at	me,
too.	And	as	hard	as	I	tried,	I	couldn’t	stop	myself	from	thinking	of	Beatriz,	the	only
other	person	I’d	ever	taken	care	of	like	this.

O

f	all	people,	it	had	to	be	Kathie	Parker	to	tell	me	what	Finch	had	done.

In	my	younger	years,	I	had	the	occasional	frenemy—a	girl	who	found	a	way
to	 ruffle	 my	 feathers	 and	 bring	 out	 the	 worst	 in	 me.	 But	 in	 my	 adult	 life,	 Kathie
was	the	closest—really	the	only	thing—I’d	ever	had	to	a	nemesis.	On	the	surface,
we	 were	 friendly,	 sharing	 a	 social	 circle,	 frequenting	 the	 same	 country	 club,	 and
attending	the	same	parties	and	girls’	trips.	But	secretly,	I	couldn’t	stand	her,	and	I
got	more	than	occasional	clues	that	she	felt	the	same	way	about	me.
Kathie,	 who	 came	 from	 old	 Nashville	 money	 like	 Kirk,	 always	 seemed	 to	 be
looking	 for	 ways	 to	 take	 me	 down	 a	 notch.	 One	 tactic	 she	 enjoyed	 was	 to	 subtly
reference	 my	 background,	 asking	 random	 questions	 about	 Bristol	 or	 my	 family,
particularly	 in	 front	 of	 other	 people.	 This	 was,	 I	 believe,	 her	 way	 of	 insinuating
that	notwithstanding	my	in-laws,	I,	personally,	would	always	be	“new	Nashville.”
(I’d	actually	heard	her	use	the	ridiculous	term	before.)	She	was	also	the	master	of
the	backhanded	compliment	in	the	“bless	your	heart”	vein.	She	would	say	things
to	me	such	as	“I	love	your	dress—I	have	a	wonderful	seamstress	who	could	raise
that	 hem	 a	 touch	 for	 you.”	 Or,	 after	 peering	 into	 the	 backseat	 of	 my	 car	 in	 the
parking	 lot	 following	 a	 spin	 class,	 “Goodness,	 I	 wish	 I	 were	 as	 laid-back	 as	 you
when	it	comes	to	clutter!”	which	could	be	directly	followed	by	“You’re	so	lucky	you
sweat	the	way	you	do.	It	gets	out	all	the	toxins!”
Melanie	told	me	to	take	it	as	a	compliment.	Her	theory	was	that	with	the	sale	of
Kirk’s	company,	I	had	usurped	Kathie’s	status	as	Queen	Bee	of	Nashville’s	social
elite.
“I	have	no	desire	to	be	Queen	Bee	of	anything.	Besides,	you	can’t	be	the	Queen
Bee	if	you’re	from	Bristol,”	I	said.
“You	can	if	you	marry	Kirk	Browning,”	Melanie	said.	“He’s	got	it	all.	Compared
to	Hunter,	for	sure.”
I	 shrugged,	 thinking	 of	 Kathie’s	 husband.	 Like	 Kirk,	 Hunter	 was	 from	 the
landed	 gentry	 of	 Nashville,	 but	 he	 was	 rumored	 to	 have	 burned	 through	 a	 lot	 of
their	family	money	on	bad	deals.
“She	 also	 resents	 your	 looks,”	 Melanie	 said	 in	 her	 usual	 blunt	 way.	 “You’re
richer	and	prettier.	Younger,	too.”

I	 laughed	 her	 comment	 off	 but	 couldn’t	 help	 thinking	 that	 the	 “richer”	 part
really	 did	 correlate	 with	 an	 increase	 in	 Kathie’s	 jabs.	 More	 than	 that,	 though,	 I
think	Kathie	knew	that	I	saw	through	her	two-faced	Bible-beating	bullshit.	To	be
clear,	I	have	no	problem	with	religion	or	people	who	are	religious,	even	those	who
are	outspoken	about	their	faith.	What	I	can’t	stand	are	the	judgmental	hypocrites
—people	who	talk	a	big	Christian	game	yet	don’t	even	make	a	cursory	attempt	to
follow	 the	 Golden	 Rule,	 let	 alone	 some	 of	 those	 pesky	 commandments.	 In	 a
Schadenfreude	 nutshell,	 Kathie	 not	 only	 thrived	 on	 the	 misfortune	 of	 others	 but
used	tragedies	as	opportunities	to	showcase	her	devoutness.	Something	bad	would
happen,	 and	 she’d	 be	 first	 on	 the	 scene,	 offering	 prayers	 on	 Facebook,	 dropping
off	a	casserole,	or	calling	a	special	session	of	her	Bible	study	group	(which	was	as
exclusive	an	invite	as	one	to	a	garden	party	at	Buckingham	Palace—perhaps	that’s
part	of	why	she	viewed	it	as	an	affront	that	I	always	declined	to	join).	To	be	fair,
I’m	sure	that	some	of	Kathie’s	prayers	were	sincere,	certainly	in	matters	of	life	or
death.	 But	 I	 truly	 believed	 she	 relished	 the	 smaller	 emotional	 setbacks	 of	 others
and	even	occasionally	rooted	for	someone’s	marriage	to	fail	or	kid	to	screw	up.
So	she	really	hit	the	jackpot	the	night	of	the	Hope	Gala	when	she	found	me	in
the	ladies’	room.	“Oh,	hello	there,	Nina,”	she	said	in	her	high,	fake	voice,	joining
me	 sink-side.	 We	 made	 eye	 contact	 in	 the	 mirror	 and	 smiled	 at	 each	 other	 as	 I
continued	to	touch	up	my	makeup.	“You	look	so	lovely	tonight.”
Lovely	 was	 her	 favorite	 word,	 and	 one	 I	 had	 actually	 excised	 from	 my
vocabulary	as	a	result.	“You,	too!	Congrats	on	the	Italy	trip,”	I	said—because	she
had	just	outbid	Melanie	during	the	live	auction	to	win	two	first-class	airline	tickets
to	Rome	and	a	week’s	stay	at	a	Tuscan	villa.
“Thank	 you,	 hon!	 Melanie	 wasn’t	 too	 upset,	 was	 she?”	 she	 asked,	 her	 voice
revealing	her	insincerity.
“Oh,	no,	not	at	all,”	I	lied	out	of	loyalty	to	Melanie,	who	had	been	infuriated	by
Kathie’s	smug	paddle-raising.	“I	think	she	was	secretly	relieved	not	to	win	it.	Todd
hates	when	she	bids	on	trips.”
“Yes,”	she	said,	nodding.	“I’ve	heard	he’s	rather…tight….”
“Oh.	 It’s	 not	 that.	 It’s	 just	 those	 annoying	 blackout	 dates,”	 I	 said,	 walking	 the
line	 between	 being	 an	 outright	 bitch	 and	 simply	 raining	 on	 her	 parade.	 Feeling
transparent	 and	 maybe	 a	 little	 guilty	 for	 stooping	 to	 her	 level,	 I	 added	 a	 chipper
footnote.	“Of	course,	Tuscany’s	lovely	any	time	of	year.”
“Yes,	it	is,”	she	said	breezily.	“Besides,	I	was	bidding	more	for	charity	than	the
trip	itself.”
“Certainly,”	 I	 said,	 noticing,	 not	 for	 the	 first	 time,	 how	 seldom	 she	 blinked.	 It
made	her	big,	wide-spaced	eyes	even	more	irritating.
Meanwhile	she	gave	me	a	look	so	grave	that	I	had	no	real	choice	but	to	ask	what
was	wrong.

She	 inhaled	 deeply,	 pressing	 her	 palms	 together	 while	 she	 glanced	 up	 at	 the
ceiling,	as	if	gathering	strength.	“Oh,	dear.	Do	you	not	know?…”	Her	voice	trailed
off.
I	 knew	 her	 pretense	 to	 compassion	 well—and	 that	 the	 charade	 was	 simply	 a
precursor	to	gossip.	Perhaps	someone	had	passed	out	at	the	dinner	table.	Or	was
dancing	inappropriately	with	someone	else’s	spouse.	Or	had	debuted	a	bad	boob
job.	There	was	plenty	of	fodder	to	work	with	at	any	gala.
“Don’t	know	what?”	I	asked,	against	my	better	judgment.
She	winced,	pursed	her	lips,	then	drew	another	amazingly	slow	breath.	“Finch’s
Snapchat,”	 she	 whispered	 on	 the	 exhale	 with	 a	 fleeting	 but	 unmistakable
expression	of	glee.
My	 heart	 sank,	 but	 I	 told	 myself	 to	 remain	 strong,	 resist	 her	 entrapment,	 say
nothing.	 So	 that’s	 what	 I	 did,	 simply	 staring	 at	 my	 own	 reflection,	 brushing	 an
additional	layer	of	gloss	over	my	lipstick.
It	was	clear	that	my	silence	both	confused	and	frustrated	her,	and	it	took	her	a
few	seconds	to	find	her	footing.	“You	obviously	haven’t	seen…?”
“No.	I	don’t	have	Snapchat,”	I	said,	seizing	a	slice	of	the	moral	high	ground	that
comes	with	opting	out	of	any	form	of	social	media.
She	let	out	a	little	laugh.	“Well,	good	heavens,	I	don’t	either.	And	even	if	I	did,	it
wasn’t	on	his	‘story.’…Apparently	he	sent	the	photo	to	his	friends.”
“Then	how	did	you	see	it?”	I	asked,	putting	my	gloss	back	in	my	bag.
“Someone	took	a	screenshot	and	it	spread.	Like	wildfire…Lucinda	sent	it	to	me	a
few	minutes	ago.	During	Kirk’s	speech,	actually.	But	don’t	worry.	She	won’t	share
it	 further.	 She’s	 very	 discreet	 when	 it	 comes	 to	 these	 sorts	 of	 things,	 and	 we’ve
been	strict	with	her	about	appropriate	usage	of	social	media.”
“That’s	so	kind	of	her,”	I	said,	thinking	of	Kathie’s	daughter	Lucinda,	and	how
she	 shared	 her	 mother’s	 meddling	 tendencies.	 My	 mind	 raced	 with	 the
possibilities.	What	could	Finch	possibly	have	texted	that	could	warrant	all	of	this
drama?	Perhaps	he’d	bragged	a	bit	too	much	about	Princeton?	Or	maybe	he	was
drinking	a	beer	in	celebration?	I	reminded	myself	to	consider	the	source—that	this
was	 vintage	 Kathie,	 stirring	 the	 pot	 so	 she	 could	 look	 superior,	 then	 play	 savior.
But	 I	 still	 caved,	 turning	 away	 from	 the	 mirror	 and	 staring	 directly	 into	 her	 bug
eyes.	“So	what	was	in	the	photo,	Kathie?”
“It	 was	 a	 photo	 of	 a	 girl,”	 she	 quickly	 replied,	 lowering	 her	 voice	 to	 a	 loud
whisper,	likely	hoping	that	people	were	eavesdropping.
“And?	So?”	I	said,	trying	to	remain	unflappable.
“So,”	she	began.	“So…the	girl	was	basically…naked.”
“What?	 Naked?”	 I	 said,	 crossing	 my	 arms	 in	 disbelief.	 There	 was	 no	 way,	 no

chance	Finch	would	ever	do	something	so	stupid.	Everyone	knew	that	that	was	101
on	how	to	get	thrown	out	of	Windsor,	right	up	there	with	stealing.
“Well…half	naked,	anyway…”
I	bit	my	lower	lip,	now	envisioning	a	lingerie-clad	model—or	perhaps	a	risqué
photo	of	Polly,	who	could	be	known	to	dress	a	bit	provocatively,	but	no	worse	than
many	of	the	other	girls.	“Well,”	I	said,	turning	again	toward	the	door.	“Kids	will	do
that—”
Kathie	cut	me	off.	“Nina.	She	was	passed	out.	On	a	bed.”
“Who	is	this	she?”	I	snapped.
“Her	name	is	Lyla.	I	guess	she’s	a	sophomore	at	Windsor?	Hispanic	girl.	Maybe
you	should	see	it….”	She	whipped	her	phone	out	of	her	Chanel	bag	and	pulled	up
her	text	messages,	an	image	filling	her	screen.	She	held	it	out	for	me	to	see.
I	took	a	deep	breath	and	looked	down.	At	first	glance,	all	I	saw	was	a	girl	lying
on	her	back	on	a	bed,	mostly	dressed	or	at	least	far	from	naked,	and	I	felt	a	small
wave	of	relief.	But	as	I	peered	more	closely,	I	saw	the	details.	Her	little	black	dress
hitched	both	up	and	down,	as	if	someone	had	tried	unsuccessfully	to	yank	it	off—
or	haphazardly	put	it	back	on.	Her	thighs	slightly	apart.	Her	calves	dangling	over
the	foot	of	the	bed,	her	bare	feet	not	quite	touching	the	floor.	And	her	left	breast
spilling	out	of	a	bra,	nipple	and	all.
There	were	other	details,	too,	less	jarring	than	the	girl	herself,	though	somehow
still	 disturbing.	 The	 dingy	 clutter	 of	 a	 teen	 boy’s	 bedroom.	 A	 tan	 comforter.	 A
nightstand	 covered	 with	 beer	 bottles	 and	 crumpled	 tissues.	 A	 poster	 of	 a	 band	 I
didn’t	 recognize,	 its	 members	 grungy,	 menacing,	 tattooed.	 And	 very	 strangely,	 a
green	 Uno	 card	 in	 the	 girl’s	 left	 hand,	 her	 fingers	 curled	 around	 it,	 her	 nails
painted	crimson.
I	 took	 a	 few	 breaths,	 trying	 to	 remain	 calm,	 hoping	 that	 there	 was	 some
explanation.	That,	at	the	very	least,	this	image	had	nothing	to	do	with	Finch.
“Did	you	read	the	caption?”	Kathie	asked,	still	holding	the	phone	in	front	of	my
face.
I	looked	down	again,	squinting	at	the	photo,	this	time	seeing	Finch’s	name,	as
well	as	the	words	that	were	typed	onto	the	image,	blending	in	with	the	comforter.	I
read	them,	hearing	Finch’s	voice:	Looks	like	she	got	her	green	card.
My	heart	sank	as	any	defense	of	my	child	melted	away.
“I’m	sorry,”	Kathie	said,	slowly	pulling	her	phone	away	from	me,	then	stowing	it
in	her	bag.	“I	especially	hate	that	this	happened	on	a	night	when	you	and	Kirk	are
being	honored….I	just	thought	you	should	know.”
“Thank	 you,”	 I	 said,	 and	 as	 much	 as	 I	 wanted	 to	 shoot	 the	 messenger	 (or	 slap
her	 across	 the	 face),	 I	 knew	 that	 Kathie	 was	 no	 longer	 the	 point.	 “I	 have	 to	 go
now….I	need	to	get	back	to	Kirk.”

“Of	course	you	do,”	she	whispered	somberly,	giving	me	a	pat	on	the	arm.	“Bless
your	heart,	Nina.	I’ll	be	praying	for	y’all.”
—
WITHIN	THIRTY	MINUTES,	Kirk	and	I	were	home,	and	I’d	received	the	image	from	two
other	 friends,	 including	 a	 hysterical	 Melanie,	 who	 recognized	 her	 son’s	 bedroom
and	was	racing	home	herself.
“What	in	the	world	was	he	thinking?”	I	asked	as	Kirk	and	I	stood	on	either	side
of	the	island	in	our	kitchen.
“I	 can’t	 imagine,”	 Kirk	 said,	 shaking	 his	 head.	 “Maybe	 it	 was	 a	 dumb	 inside
joke?”
“An	inside	racist	joke?”	I	said,	a	fresh	wave	of	despair	washing	over	me.
“Well,	it’s	not	really	racist	per	se….”	Kirk	said.
“Seriously?	Green	card?	It’s	totally	racist.	Kathie	said	she’s	Hispanic,”	I	said.
“Well,	she	really	doesn’t	look	Hispanic….She	just	looks…like	a	brunette.	Italian,
maybe.”
I	stared	at	him	a	beat,	then	shook	my	head,	unsure	how	to	even	respond	to	this.
“Kathie	doesn’t	know	everything,”	Kirk	said,	reaching	for	the	bottle	of	whiskey
he’d	left	on	the	counter.	I	pushed	it	away	from	him.
“Okay.	Look,	Kirk.	Even	if	she’s	not	Hispanic,	his	comment	is	still	offensive	and
racist	toward	Hispanics,”	I	said,	my	voice	steadily	rising.	“And	regardless	of	this
girl’s	race	or	ethnicity,	her	nipple	is	showing!	So	if	he	did	this,	joke	or	not—”
“Then	 he’s	 in	 trouble,”	 Kirk	 said.	 “Obviously.	 But	 maybe	 there’s	 more	 to	 the
story….”
“Such	as?”	I	said.
“I	 don’t	 know.	 Maybe	 someone	 took	 his	 phone.	 Maybe	 it’s	 a	 doctored
screenshot.	I	have	no	idea,	Nina.	But	try	to	calm	down.	We’ll	get	to	the	bottom	of
it	soon	enough.”
I	 nodded	 and	 took	 a	 deep	 breath,	 but	 before	 I	 could	 reply,	 we	 heard	 the	 front
door	open,	followed	by	Finch’s	footsteps	in	the	foyer.
“We’re	in	the	kitchen!”	I	called	out.	“Can	you	come	here,	please?”
A	second	later,	our	son	appeared	wearing	a	light-blue	T-shirt	and	khaki	shorts.
His	 wavy	 blond	 hair	 looked	 messier	 than	 usual,	 and	 his	 whole	 appearance
suddenly	seemed	to	be	cultivated,	preppy	sloppy.
“Hey,”	he	said,	heading	straight	for	the	refrigerator	with	only	a	glance	our	way.
He	 opened	 it	 and	 stared	 inside	 for	 several	 seconds	 before	 pulling	 out	 a	 bag	 of
sliced	 roast	 beef.	 He	 peeled	 off	 a	 few	 pieces,	 then	 tossed	 the	 bag	 back	 in	 and

pushed	the	door	shut	with	his	elbow.
“Aren’t	you	going	to	make	a	sandwich?”	I	asked.
“Too	much	trouble,”	Finch	said.
“How	about	a	plate?”	I	said,	anger	bubbling	inside	of	me.	“Can	you	at	least	put
that	on	a	plate?”
He	 shook	 his	 head,	 grabbed	 a	 paper	 towel	 from	 the	 roll,	 then	 headed	 for	 the
family	room,	stuffing	roast	beef	in	his	mouth	as	he	went.
“Where’re	you	going?”	I	called	out	after	him.
“To	watch	TV,”	he	replied	without	looking	back.
“Come	 back	 here,	 please,”	 I	 said,	 circling	 the	 counter	 to	 stand	 alongside	 Kirk.
“Dad	and	I	need	to	talk	to	you.”
I	glanced	at	Kirk,	who	wore	a	casual	expression	as	he	drummed	his	fingers	on
the	edge	of	the	counter.	I	nudged	him	with	my	elbow	and	made	a	mean	face.
“Listen	to	your	mother,	Finch,”	he	said.	“We	want	to	talk….”
Finch	turned	around,	looking	more	confused	than	worried,	as	I	wondered	how
much	he’d	had	to	drink.	“What’s	going	on?”	he	said,	putting	the	last	of	the	roast
beef	in	his	mouth	and	talking	as	he	chewed.
“Will	 you	 please	 come	 here	 and	 sit	 down?”	 I	 said,	 pointing	 to	 one	 of	 the
barstools.
Finch	did	as	I	asked	but	wore	an	expression	of	defiance.
“How	was	your	night?”	I	said.
He	shrugged	and	replied	that	it	was	fine.
“What	did	you	do?”
“Went	over	to	Beau’s.”
“Did	he	have	a	party?”	I	asked.
“No.	 Not	 a	 party.	 He	 just	 had	 some	 people	 over.	 Why?	 What’s	 with	 the	 third
degree?”
I	 elbowed	 Kirk	 again,	 and	 he	 issued	 a	 perfunctory	 “Don’t	 talk	 to	 your	 mother
like	that.”
Finch	mumbled	“Sorry”	as	he	ran	his	hand	through	his	hair.
I	waited	for	him	to	look	back	at	me	before	I	asked	my	next	question.	“Were	you
drinking?”	I	said,	uncertain	of	what	I	wanted	the	answer	to	be.	Would	that	make	it
better	or	worse?
“Yeah,”	Finch	said.	“I	had	a	few	beers.”
“How	many?”	I	asked,	wishing	that	Kirk	and	I	had	been	stricter	about	drinking.

We’d	 never	 come	 out	 and	 given	 him	 our	 permission	 to	 consume	 alcohol,	 but	 we
had	 looked	 the	 other	 way	 on	 a	 beer	 here	 and	 there.	 It	 was,	 after	 all,	 why	 we
allowed	him	unlimited	spending	on	Uber.
“I	didn’t	really	count,”	he	said.	“Maybe	three	or	four?”
“That’s	too	many,”	I	said.
“I	didn’t	drive.”
“Well.	Isn’t	that	great,”	I	said.	“You	deserve	a	medal.”
Finch	 heaved	 a	 sigh	 and	 said,	 “Why’re	 you	 so	 pissed	 off,	 Mom?	 You	 know	 I
drink.”
“We’re	both	very,	very	upset,	Finch.	But	it’s	not	just	about	the	drinking,”	I	said,
then	took	a	deep	breath,	pulled	my	phone	out	of	my	purse,	and	found	the	image
saved	to	my	camera	roll.	I	slid	it	across	the	counter	and	watched	him	look	down	at
it.
“Where	did	you	get	that?”	he	asked.
My	heart	sank.
“Mrs.	Parker	showed	it	to	Mom.	At	our	event	tonight,”	Kirk	replied.
Finch	glanced	at	me	as	I	nodded.	“Yeah.	So	let	that	one	sink	in….But,	honestly,
is	that	really	what	you’re	worried	about	here?	Where	I	got	it?”
“I	was	just	wondering,”	Finch	said.
I	took	a	breath	and	said,	“Did	you	take	it?”
“Mom,	it’s	a	long	story…and	it’s	not	as	bad	as	it	looks….I	bet	she	wouldn’t	even
be	that	mad….”
“Who	is	she?”
“Just	some	girl,”	he	said.
I	turned	the	words	over	in	my	head,	feeling	absolutely	sickened.	“Does	this	girl
have	a	name?”	I	asked	him.
“Yeah.	It’s	Lyla	Volpe….Why?”
“Why?	Because	you	posted	a	photo	of	her	half	naked,	Finch.	That’s	why,”	I	said,
feeling	myself	become	hysterical.
“It	 wasn’t	 posted.	 It	 just	 got	 sent	 to	 a	 few	 people.	 And	 she	 wasn’t	 half	 naked,
Mom.”
“I	saw	her	nipple,	Finch,”	I	said.	“That	counts	as	naked	to	me.”
“Well,	it’s	not	like	I	took	her	clothes	off….”
“Well,	 that’s	 a	 relief,”	 I	 said,	 my	 voice	 dripping	 with	 sarcasm.	 “Because	 that
would	make	it	assault.”

“Assault?	 C’mon,	 Mom.	 You’re	 overreacting,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 weary	 sigh.
“Nobody	 assaulted	 her.	 She	 drank	 too	 much	 and	 passed	 out.	 That’s	 not	 my
problem.”
“On	 the	 contrary,	 son,	 this	 is	 your	 problem,”	 Kirk	 said,	 as	 if	 the	 gravity	 of	 the
situation	was	finally	setting	in	for	him.	“Many	people	have	seen	this	photo.	It’s	out
there.”
“And…green	card,	Finch?	Really?”	I	said.
“It	was	just	a	joke,	Mom.”
“It’s	racist,”	I	said.	“You	took	a	photo	of	a	half-naked	girl	who	was	passed	out,
and	then	made	a	racist	joke	about	her.”
“I’m	sorry,”	he	said,	lowering	his	eyes	and	voice.
“That	you	did	it?	Or	that	you	got	caught?”	I	asked.
“C’mon,	Mom.	Please.	Stop.	I’m	really	sorry.”
“What	were	you	thinking?	I	mean,	actually	what	was	going	through	your	mind?”
I	said.
Finch	shrugged.	“Nothing.”
“Nothing?	Nothing?”	I	said,	floored	by	his	answer,	though	maybe	it	was	better
than	if	he	had	set	out	to	hurt	someone.	Still,	the	result	was	the	same.	The	injury
wasn’t	any	less.
When	he	didn’t	reply,	I	got	more	upset.	“How	could	you	do	this,	Finch?	I	just
don’t	get	it.	It’s	so…cruel!	This	is	not	the	way	your	father	and	I	have	raised	you!”
“And	 beyond	 that,	 do	 you	 realize	 what	 you’ve	 risked	 here?”	 Kirk	 asked,	 finally
raising	 his	 voice,	 too.	 “How	 stupid	 and	 irresponsible	 this	 was?	 You	 could	 be
expelled!”
“C’mon,	Dad,	that’s	crazy,”	Finch	said.
“No,	 it’s	 not,”	 I	 said.	 “It’s	 not	 far-fetched	 at	 all,	 actually.	 Hell,	 forget	 Windsor.
You	could	be	sued	in	court.”
“On	what	grounds?”	Kirk	asked	me,	as	if	I	were	a	legal	expert.
“I	 don’t	 know—I’m	 not	 a	 lawyer,”	 I	 said,	 my	 voice	 rising.	 “Defamation?	 Child
pornography?”
“Pornography?	Come	on,	Mom,”	Finch	said.
“Yeah.	This	is	hardly	a	porno,”	Kirk	chimed	in.
“Porn,	Kirk,”	I	said.	“They	dropped	the	o	two	decades	ago.”
“Yes.	Because	that’s	the	important	point	here,”	Kirk	said	under	his	breath.
“Look.	 There	 is	 enough	 here	 to	 bring	 a	 lawsuit,”	 I	 said.	 “I	 am	 certain	 of	 that.

Bottom	line,	this	girl	and	her	parents	could	always	claim	emotional	distress—”
“Mom,	there’s	no	emotional	distress,”	Finch	said.
“There’s	 not?”	 I	 asked,	 incredulous.	 “How	 would	 you	 know?	 Did	 you	 ask	 her?
Do	you	care	about	her	feelings	at	all?”
“She’ll	be	fine,	Mom.	This	kind	of	thing	happens	all	the	time.”
“Happens?	It	doesn’t	just	‘happen.’	You	did	it!”	I	started	to	rant	again.
Kirk	held	up	his	hand	and	said,	“Look.	It’s	not	about	the	girl.”
“It’s	not?”	I	said.	“What’s	it	about,	then,	Kirk?	Enlighten	me?”
Kirk	cleared	his	throat.	“This	is	about	his	shitty	judgment.”	He	turned	his	gaze
to	 Finch	 and	 said,	 “Son,	 you	 showed	 terrible	 judgment	 tonight	 that	 could
jeopardize	your	future.	You	really	have	to	think—”
“Not	just	think.	You	have	to	feel,	too,”	I	said,	cutting	Kirk	off.	“You	can’t	treat
people	like	this.”
“I	don’t,	Mom.	It	was	just—”
“A	lapse	of	judgment,”	Kirk	finished	for	him.
“Well,	unfortunately,	it’s	not	that	simple,”	I	said.
Because	 deep	 down,	 I	 knew	 that	 even	 if	 every	 person	 out	 there	 deleted	 the
picture	 from	 their	 phones,	 and	 Lyla	 and	 her	 parents	 and	 the	 administration	 of
Windsor	never	caught	wind	of	it,	and	Finch	truly	was	 sorry,	 everything	 had	 still
changed.	At	least	for	one	of	us	it	had.

I’

ll	never	forget	the	first	moment	I	laid	eyes	on	Beatriz.	I	was	sitting	in	a	dive
bar	 in	 Five	 Points,	 back	 when	 East	 Nashville	 had	 not	 yet	 become	 a	 hipster
hangout	and	had	all	been	a	dive.	My	dive.	It	wasn’t	the	kind	of	spot	you’d	expect
to	see	a	beautiful	girl,	especially	all	alone,	but	she	walked	in	solo,	which	was	kind
of	 alluring	 in	 and	 of	 itself.	 She	 happened	 to	 also	 be	 my	 type,	 with	 dark	 hair	 and
eyes,	 bronzed	 skin,	 plenty	 of	 curves.	 The	 tight	 red	 dress	 didn’t	 hurt	 her	 cause,
either.
“Don’t	even	think	about	it,”	I	said	to	my	buddy	John	without	averting	my	gaze.
John	laughed.	“Who?	The	J.Lo	lookin’	one?”
I	said	yeah,	her.
“Why?	Did	ya	fuck	her?”	John	asked,	chewing	on	a	straw,	watching	her	as	she
approached	us.	He	was	the	kind	of	loud,	good-looking	guy	that	hot	girls	gravitated
toward,	especially	in	bars	late	at	night.
“No.	But	I’m	gonna	try,”	I	said	with	a	laugh.	“And	then	I	might	marry	her.”
John	laughed.	“Yeah.	Oookay,”	he	said,	hopping	off	his	stool.	He	slapped	me	on
the	 back,	 and	 when	 she	 was	 within	 earshot,	 he	 added,	 “Good	 luck	 with	 that,
buddy.”
She	glanced	at	him,	then	smiled	at	me,	clearly	aware	of	why	he	thought	luck	was
needed.
“May	I?”	she	asked,	gesturing	to	the	now	free	stool.
“Yes,”	 I	 said,	 catching	 a	 whiff	 of	 her	 hair.	 It	 smelled	 like	 that	 suntan	 oil	 girls
slathered	on	themselves.	Coconut,	I	guess.	I	tried	to	think	of	something	clever	to
say	but	came	up	blank,	so	I	just	said	the	truth.	“I	don’t	do	pickup	lines,	but…you’re
the	most	beautiful	girl	I’ve	ever	seen.”	Then,	realizing	how	cheesy	that	sounded,	I
stupidly	added,	“In	this	bar.”
“In	 this	 bar?”	 she	 asked	 with	 a	 low,	 sexy	 laugh	 as	 I	 noticed	 that	 her	 left	 front
tooth	was	adorably	crooked.	She	looked	around,	glancing	purposefully	at	a	group
of	not	very	pretty	girls	sitting	on	the	other	side	of	me.
“Okay,	 fine.	 Anywhere,”	 I	 clarified,	 no	 longer	 caring	 if	 I	 sounded	 cheesy.	 She
was	that	pretty.

“And	that’s	not	a	pickup	line?”	she	said,	as	I	noticed	a	trace	of	an	accent.	Even
better.
I	shook	my	head	and	stammered,	“No….Well,	maybe	it	is….But	I	don’t	want	to
just	pick	you	up.	I	want	to	know	you…everything	about	you….”
She	laughed	that	laugh	again.	“Everything?”
“Everything,”	I	said,	then	rattled	off	questions.	“What’s	your	name?	How	old	are
you?	Where	are	you	from?”
“Beatriz.	 Twenty-five.	 Rio,”	 she	 said,	 the	 last	 word	 rolling	 from	 her	 full	 lips,
stained	the	exact	shade	of	her	dress.
“In	Brazil?”
She	smiled	and	asked	if	I	knew	of	another	Rio	as	the	bartender	approached	her.
Without	 hesitating	 like	 most	 girls	 do,	 she	 ordered	 a	 drink	 I’d	 never	 heard	 of,
rolling	more	r’s.	She	did	the	reach	for	her	oversize	woven	bag	that	looked	like	it
should	smell	of	pot,	or	at	least	incense,	as	I	put	my	hand	on	hers.	“I	have	a	tab,”	I
said.
She	smiled,	staring	into	my	eyes.	“Do	you	also	have	a	name?”
“Tommy…Tom…Thomas,”	I	said—because	people	called	me	all	three.
“Which	do	you	prefer?”	she	asked.
“Whichever	you	prefer,”	I	said.
“I	want	to	dance,	Thomas,”	she	said,	throwing	her	shoulders	and	hair	back.
I	was	pretty	stoked	that	she	picked	my	full	name,	but	I	shook	my	head	on	the
dancing.	“Anything	but	that,”	I	said	with	a	laugh.
She	gave	me	a	fake	pout,	and	I	said	a	prayer	that	someday	soon	we’d	be	close
enough	for	real	pouting,	explosive	fights,	and	passionate	making	up.	“Please?”	she
said	with	a	tilt	of	her	head.
“I	 can’t	 dance,”	 I	 confessed	 as	 the	 bartender	 finished	 making	 her	 drink	 and
placed	it	in	front	of	her.
“Everyone	can	dance,”	she	said,	swaying	her	shoulders	to	“Free	Bird.”	“It’s	just
moving	 to	 music.”	 She	 squeezed	 the	 lime	 into	 her	 drink,	 then	 stirred	 it	 with	 her
skinny	 straw	 before	 taking	 her	 first	 sip.	 As	 I	 watched	 her	 lips	 curve	 around	 the
glass	and	her	hair	fall	forward	around	her	face,	I	had	a	little	trouble	breathing.	I
glanced	away,	contemplating	another	drink	for	myself.	I	already	had	a	decent	buzz
but	 could’ve	 used	 a	 little	 more	 liquid	 courage.	 I	 decided	 against	 it,	 though,
wanting	to	remember	everything	about	our	conversation,	and	asked	what	she	was
doing	in	Nashville.	She	told	me	she	was	an	au	pair	for	twin	toddlers	in	Brentwood
but	 had	 the	 weekend	 off.	 She	 said	 she’d	 chosen	 Nashville	 because	 of	 the	 music
scene.

“Are	you	a	musician?”	I	asked,	intrigued,	though	musicians	were	a	dime	a	dozen
around	here.
She	nodded.	“I’m	a	singer.	Trying	to	be	anyway.”
“What	kind	of	music?”
“Sertanejo.	 It’s	 like	 Brazilian	 country….Music	 about	 partying	 and	 love…and
heartbreak…”
I	nodded,	entranced.	“Maybe	you’ll	sing	for	me	sometime?”
“Maybe,”	 she	 said	 with	 a	 slow	 smile.	 “And	 what	 about	 you,	 Thomas?	 Are	 you
from	Nashville?”
“Yep.	Born	and	raised.”
“What	part?”	she	said.
“You’re	looking	at	it,”	I	said.
She	 laughed,	 putting	 her	 thumb	 just	 inside	 her	 lower	 lip.	 “You	 were	 born	 in	 a
bar?”
“No,”	I	said,	smiling.	“I	mean	East	Nashville.	This	side	of	the	river.”
She	nodded,	as	if	she	knew	what	I	meant—that	the	Cumberland	River	separated
the	glitzy	downtown	from	my	gritty	neighborhood.
“Why	aren’t	you	out	on	Lower	Broad?”	I	said,	silently	adding	with	all	the	other
pretty	girls.
“Because	I	can’t	meet	boys	like	you	over	there.”	She	smiled,	and	I	smiled	back	at
her.	 We	 sat	 in	 silence	 for	 a	 few	 seconds	 before	 she	 said,	 “And	 what	 do	 you	 do,
Thomas?	What’s	your	job?”
“I’m	 a	 carpenter,”	 I	 said,	 staring	 down	 at	 my	 thumbs	 as	 I	 tapped	 them	 on	 the
bar.	I	braced	myself	for	that	look.	The	one	some	girls	will	give	you	when	you	tell
them	 you	 don’t	 have	 an	 office	 job	 and	 went	 to	 college	 for	 only	 a	 year	 and	 a	 half
before	running	out	of	money,	dropping	out,	and	falling	into	a	woodworking	gig.
But	 if	 she	 felt	 at	 all	 disappointed,	 she	 didn’t	 show	 it.	 She	 even	 looked	 a	 little
intrigued,	 though	 maybe	 that	 was	 wishful	 thinking	 on	 my	 part.	 I’d	 been	 fooled
before	by	girls	who	insisted	they	loved	a	man	who	worked	with	his	hands.	I’m	glad
she	didn’t	say	this	but	simply	asked,	“So	you	make	furniture?”
“Yeah.”
“What	kind?”
“All	kinds,”	I	said.	“Tables,	shelves,	dressers,	desks.	I	love	drawers.”
She	laughed.	“Drawers?”
“Yeah.	Drawers,”	I	said.	“Not	the	cheap	kind	that	rattle	along	metal	tracks…but
smooth,	 polished	 wood	 on	 wood…drawers	 with	 hand-cut	 dovetail	 joints	 that

whisper	when	you	glide	’em	open.”	I	gave	her	a	low,	breathy	whistle.
She	 leaned	 toward	 me,	 nodding	 as	 if	 she	 understood	 I	 was	 talking	 about
craftsmanship.	Artistry.	Furniture	that	might	become	a	family	heirloom—though	I
wasn’t	that	good.	Yet.	 I	 had	 finished	 my	 apprenticeship	 but	 was	 still	 learning	 so
much.
“Like	 antiques?	 Before	 they	 become	 antiques?”	 She	 leaned	 closer,	 her	 breath
warm	on	my	cheek.
“Yeah,”	 I	 said.	 She	 was	 a	 magnet,	 an	 absolute	 force	 field,	 and	 I	 couldn’t	 stop
myself	 from	 kissing	 her.	 I	 brushed	 my	 lips	 against	 hers,	 tasting	 lime	 and	 liquor.
Her	lips	were	perfect,	and	my	heart	exploded	in	my	chest.	After	several	dizzying
seconds,	she	pulled	away,	just	far	enough	to	tell	me	that	I	might	not	know	how	to
dance,	but	I	sure	could	kiss.
I	caught	my	breath	and	managed	to	say	back,	“So	can	you.”
“May	I	ask	you	a	question,	Thomas?”	she	whispered	into	my	ear.
I	nodded,	my	vision	blurry.
“Do	you	make	love	the	way	you	dance?…Or	how	you	kiss?”
My	skin	on	fire,	I	looked	into	her	eyes	and	told	her	she	could	find	that	one	out
for	herself.
—
A	FEW	HOURS	 and	drinks	and	even	some	dancing	later,	we	were	back	in	my	crappy
studio	apartment	having	ridiculously	good	sex.	I	was	twenty-nine	and	single,	so	it
wasn’t	the	first	time	I’d	slept	with	a	girl	I’d	just	met,	but	this	was	different.	This
was	making	love.	Before	I	met	Beatriz,	I	would’ve	said	that	instantaneous	love	was
impossible.	 But	 all	 rules	 and	 logic	 went	 out	 the	 window	 with	 her.	 She	 was	 that
amazing.	She	was	magic.
—
BARELY	 THREE	 MONTHS	 later,	 we	 were	 married	 and	 she	 was	 pregnant,	 though	 it
actually	happened	in	the	reverse	order.	It	didn’t	matter;	I	would	have	asked	her	to
marry	 me	 anyway,	 though	 her	 pregnancy	 expedited	 things	 and	 also	 threw	 a	 few
curves	 (no	 pun	 intended)	 our	 way.	 For	 one,	 my	 mother	 was	 wary	 of	 Beatriz,
questioning	 her	 motives	 for	 “getting	 pregnant,”	 clearly	 suggesting	 that	 she	 was
using	me	to	stay	in	the	country.	I	made	the	mistake	of	sharing	this	with	Beatriz,
who	 was	 understandably	 hurt,	 and	 I	 found	 out	 the	 hard	 way	 that	 forgiveness
wasn’t	her	strong	suit.	It	was	a	trait	she’d	apparently	inherited	from	her	father,	an
orthopedist	 for	 the	 Brazilian	 national	 soccer	 team,	 who	 was	 already	 pissed	 at
Beatriz	for	moving	to	the	States	to	pursue	a	singing	career.	Her	getting	knocked	up
by	a	carpenter	didn’t	help	their	relationship	any,	though	her	stepmother—the	only
mother	Beatriz	had	ever	known—was	mostly	to	blame	for	that	turbulence.	It	was

classic	Cinderella	shit.
So,	anyway,	things	were	strained	with	both	of	our	families,	and	we	blew	off	most
of	our	friends,	spending	every	minute	together.	It	was	probably	unhealthy	but	felt
like	 us	 against	 the	 world.	 We	 were	 insatiable	 and	 invincible—or	 so	 we	 thought.
Even	after	Lyla	burst	onto	the	scene	in	all	her	colicky	glory,	and	Beatriz	fought	the
baby	blues	and	gave	up	her	singing	dreams,	and	I	had	to	work	odd	menial	jobs	to
make	ends	meet,	we	still	kept	the	passion	going.
But	at	some	point,	around	Lyla’s	second	birthday,	things	began	to	change	with
us.	Love	began	to	feel	more	like	lust—and	it	stopped	conquering	all.	Although	we’d
always	 had	 something	 of	 a	 turbulent	 dynamic,	 both	 of	 us	 prone	 to	 jealousy,	 the
fighting	 got	 worse.	 Or	 maybe	 we	 were	 just	 having	 less	 sex,	 which	 made	 the
fighting	seem	 worse.	 In	 any	 event,	 Beatriz	 blamed	 me,	 saying	 that	 I	 was	 always
stressed	out	and	never	wanted	to	go	out	or	“do	anything.”	For	a	while,	I	believed
her	theory	and	felt	guilty	and	neglectful.	I	kept	promising	her	that	I’d	work	a	little
less	and	try	to	be	more	fun.	But	I	slowly	began	to	see	that	Beatriz’s	sole	version	of
fun	had	become	partying.	Hard.	It	wasn’t	that	I	didn’t	see	the	merits	of	unwinding
with	 a	 few	 beers.	 But	 more	 and	 more,	 Beatriz	 was	 always	 tying	 one	 on,	 her
hangovers	 making	 her	 more	 depressed	 and	 totally	 useless	 the	 next	 day.
Sometimes	she	was	so	out	of	it	that	I	had	to	stay	home	from	work	and	take	care	of
Lyla.	Which	meant	we	were	more	broke	than	ever.
Even	 worse,	 she	 started	 to	 hide	 things	 from	 me.	 Not	 big	 things,	 just	 random
shady	shit	with	her	phone	and	laptop.	But	it	was	enough	to	make	me	stop	trusting
her,	 then	 begin	 to	 dislike	 her.	 I	 still	 loved	 her,	 though,	 because	 she	 was	 Beatriz,
and	also	the	mother	of	our	child.
Then,	one	summer	night,	just	after	we’d	moved	into	our	Craftsman	bungalow	on
Avondale	 Drive	 (where	 Lyla	 and	 I	 still	 live),	 everything	 exploded.	 Our	 argument
started	that	morning	when	I	suggested	we	do	something	as	a	family,	just	the	three
of	us.	Maybe	go	to	the	zoo	or	have	a	picnic	in	Cumberland	Park	or	visit	my	mother
(whom	 Beatriz	 still	 couldn’t	 stand	 but	 had	 learned	 to	 tolerate	 because	 of	 free
childcare).
I	 was	 trying	 hard	 to	 salvage	 things	 between	 us,	 but	 Beatriz	 quickly	 shot	 me
down,	saying	she’d	already	committed	to	a	cookout	with	friends.	Which	friends,	I
asked.	 She	 told	 me.	 I	 said	 I	 didn’t	 like	 those	 people—or	 the	 person	 she	 became
around	 them.	 She	 more	 or	 less	 fired	 back,	 tough	 shit,	 she	 was	 going,	 and	 she
would	be	taking	Lyla	with	her.
“Am	I	even	invited?”	I	asked,	which,	crazily	enough,	didn’t	seem	to	be	a	given.
She	shrugged,	then	said	sure,	I	could	come	if	I	wanted,	but	she	understood	if	I
didn’t.	 I	 took	 it	 as	 my	 cue	 to	 head	 to	 the	 workshop,	 where	 increasingly	 I’d	 been
finding	 peace.	 But	 later	 that	 afternoon,	 as	 I	 put	 my	 tools	 away,	 I	 got	 a	 funny
feeling	 in	 my	 gut	 that	 something	 was	 wrong.	 So	 I	 tracked	 down	 her	 friends’
Inglewood	address	and	drove	over	to	the	party.

The	 second	 I	 pulled	 up,	 I	 could	 see	 Beatriz	 on	 the	 front	 porch,	 dancing	 with
some	 loser	 I	 recognized	 from	 her	 MySpace	 page.	 Both	 of	 his	 hands	 were	 on	 her
ass,	and	it	didn’t	look	like	it	was	the	first	time	they’d	been	there.	Lyla	was	nowhere
to	 be	 seen.	 Enraged,	 I	 jumped	 out	 of	 my	 car	 and	 walked	 over	 to	 the	 house,
climbing	the	porch	steps.	“Where’s	Lyla?”	I	said,	doing	my	best	not	to	knock	the
guy	out.	He	dropped	his	hands	right	away,	looking	guilty	as	hell.	I	waited	for	the
same	expression	to	cross	my	wife’s	face,	but	she	was	shameless	and	glazed,	clearly
drunk	or	high,	probably	both.
“Where’s	Lyla?”	I	shouted	this	time.
Everyone	got	quiet,	staring	at	me,	except	for	Beatriz,	who	said,	“God,	Thomas.
Chill	out.	She	was	right	here.	Just	a	few	seconds	ago.”
I	looked	at	her,	and	it	suddenly	hit	me	that	she	was	wearing	a	bikini	under	her
tank	 top—and	 her	 hair	 was	 wrapped	 into	 a	 wet	 bun.	 So	 she’d	 been	 swimming.
Which	meant	that	these	fucking	idiots	had	a	swimming	pool.	I	panicked,	pushing
past	everyone,	tearing	through	the	house,	then	onto	the	back	porch.	It	was	one	of
those	 elevated	 decks	 with	 a	 long	 flight	 of	 stairs	 down	 to	 the	 lawn.	 I	 did	 a	 quick
scan	 of	 the	 yard	 and,	 sure	 enough,	 there	 was	 the	 pool.	 Beyond	 a	 group	 of	 older
kids	 playing	 Marco	 Polo	 was	 Lyla,	 all	 alone,	 perched	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 it.	 A	 black	 3
FEET	 was	 painted	 on	 the	 side—shallow	 but	 still	 way	 too	 deep	 for	 a	 four-year-old
who	had	only	taken	a	couple	of	swim	lessons	in	her	life.
I	 sprinted	 down	 the	 stairs	 and	 over	 to	 her,	 calling	 her	 name.	 Logically	 I	 could
see	 that	 she	 was	 safe,	 but	 I	 had	 the	 irrational	 feeling	 that	 something	 bad	 might
still	happen	while	I	watched.	My	voice	scared	her—probably	because	she	thought
she	 was	 in	 trouble—and	 she	 tipped	 forward,	 nearly	 falling	 into	 the	 water.	 I
scooped	her	up	and	covered	her	face	with	kisses.	I	knew	I	was	traumatizing	her,
but	I	couldn’t	stop.	I	held	her	in	my	arms	and	ran	back	to	my	car,	this	time	going
the	long	way	around	the	house.	I	didn’t	know	if	Beatriz	was	still	on	the	porch,	or
whether	she	saw	us,	but	if	she	did,	she	didn’t	follow	me.	I	strapped	Lyla	into	her
car	seat,	drove	her	home,	gave	her	a	bath	and	a	snack,	reliving	the	fear	over	and
over.	I	finally	put	her	in	bed	with	me,	both	of	us	falling	asleep.	Beatriz	never	called
to	check	in.
I	don’t	know	what	time	it	was	when	she	finally	stumbled	home,	only	that	it	felt
like	the	middle	of	the	night.	“Get	out,”	I	told	her.	“You’re	not	sleeping	here.”
“This	is	my	bed,	too.”
“Not	tonight	it’s	not.”
“Where	do	you	want	me	to	sleep?”	she	said.
“I	don’t	care.	Sleep	on	the	couch.	Anywhere	but	here.”
We	 began	 to	 fight.	 There	 were	 no	 apologies,	 only	 accusations	 and	 sorry-ass
excuses.	I’d	embarrassed	her.	I’d	overreacted.	I	was	a	paranoid,	jealous	dick.	She’d
left	Lyla	alone	for	only	a	few	minutes.

“It	 takes	 three	 minutes	 to	 drown!”	 I	 shouted	 back	 at	 her.	 “One	 hundred	 and
eighty	seconds	to	lose	her.	Forever.”
We	 went	 round	 in	 circles,	 making	 the	 same	 points	 again	 and	 again.	 At	 some
point,	I	called	her	a	drunk.	She	asked	me	what	had	I	expected?	I’d	fallen	in	love
with	a	girl	at	a	bar.	Like	it	was	something	to	be	proud	of.
“Yeah.	Well,	you’re	a	fucking	mother	now,”	I	shouted.
“It	doesn’t	change	who	I	am,”	she	said,	raising	her	chin	defiantly.
“And	 who	 are	 you?”	 I	 asked.	 “Other	 than	 a	 party	 girl	 who	 fucks	 on	 the	 first
night?”
She	couldn’t	have	looked	more	stunned	if	I	had	slapped	her	across	the	face.	“Is
that	 how	 you	 really	 feel	 about	 me?”	 she	 asked,	 her	 accent	 thick,	 the	 way	 I	 once
adored	and	now	couldn’t	stand.
I	said	yes,	wanting	to	punish	her	for	the	image	I	couldn’t	shake	of	Lyla	sitting	on
the	 edge	 of	 the	 pool.	 I	 told	 her	 I	 had	 no	 respect	 for	 her,	 that	 she	 was	 a	 terrible
mother,	and	that	Lyla	would	be	better	off	without	her.	That	it	was	better	to	have
no	mother	than	to	have	a	mother	like	her.	I	braced	myself	for	more	fighting,	but
she	only	bit	her	lip	and	said,	“Well.	I’m	glad	I	finally	know	what	you	really	think	of
me.	Tom.”
As	I	watched	her	turn	and	walk	out	of	the	bedroom,	closing	the	door	behind	her,
I	 panicked	 a	 little,	 knowing	 I’d	 gone	 too	 far.	 That	 I’d	 been	 both	 cruel	 and
hypocritical—after	all,	I’d	fucked	on	the	first	night,	too.	I	knew	that	part	of	me	still
loved	her	and	would	always	love	her,	but	I	also	knew	that	we	were	heading	down	a
road	 to	 divorce.	 A	 lifetime	 of	 shuffling	 our	 child	 around	 between	 two	 places	 we
couldn’t	afford.	I	pictured	stepparents	and	half	siblings,	fighting	and	bitterness.	I
pictured	hate.
But	 in	 my	 wildest,	 worst	 imagination,	 I	 didn’t	 expect	 what	 I	 found	 the	 next
morning:	a	sloppy	note	on	the	kitchen	table	telling	me	she	was	leaving	us.	I	told
myself	that	she	didn’t	actually	mean	it.	That	surely	she	would	come	home.
But	 days	 turned	 to	 weeks	 turned	 to	 months.	 I	 called	 and	 emailed	 and	 left	 her
messages—some	concerned,	most	angry—but	there	was	no	word	back	from	her.	It
was	infuriating	and	confounding	and	humiliating,	but	mostly	it	was	just	sad.	I	was
sad	for	myself—and	devastated	for	Lyla.
The	fact	that	I	had	no	answers	for	my	daughter	made	it	even	harder.	I	tried	to
convince	myself	that	Beatriz	was	dead,	remembering	my	words	the	night	she	left,
thinking	 that	 it	 actually	 might	 be	 better.	 Besides,	 it	 was	 the	 only	 explanation	 I
could	really	wrap	my	head	around.	I	mean,	I	got	the	leaving	part.	Hell,	there	were
times	I	almost	beat	her	to	the	punch—or	at	least	fantasized	about	taking	off.	It	was
the	not	coming	back	that	didn’t	make	sense,	especially	for	a	mother.	Dads	picked
up	 and	 left	 all	 the	 time,	 whether	 to	 start	 a	 new	 family	 or	 just	 to	 be	 alone.	 But
mothers	always	seemed	to	stay	in	the	picture,	somehow.

She’s	gone	was	the	simple	explanation	I	always	gave	Lyla.
“Gone	 where?”	 Lyla	 would	 ask,	 sometimes	 through	 tears,	 though	 usually	 she
would	be	crying	about	something	else	first.
At	which	point,	I	would	answer	vaguely,	referencing	a	beautiful	place	(heaven?	a
beach	in	Brazil?),	always	careful	not	to	lie.	She	was	going	to	need	enough	therapy
as	it	was	without	adding	her	father’s	deceit	to	the	equation.
Over	 time,	 Lyla’s	 memories	 of	 her	 mother	 became	 diluted,	 and	 the	 subject	 of
“Mommy”	arose	less	and	less.	My	own	mother	stepped	in	to	fill	the	void,	helping
with	Lyla’s	haircuts	and	clothing,	the	nuts	and	bolts	of	being	a	girl.	That	helped.
But	at	the	end	of	the	day,	I	was	a	single	parent,	raising	a	child	alone.	I	cooked	and
cleaned,	drove	her	to	the	bus	stop	in	the	morning,	met	the	bus	in	the	afternoon,
and	put	her	to	bed	at	night.	I	arranged	my	work	schedule	around	her	activities	and
virtually	eliminated	my	own	social	life.	I	eventually	dated	a	bit	here	and	there—my
mother	 was	 always	 willing	 to	 babysit	 so	 I	 could	 go	 out—but	 nothing	 ever	 got
serious.	 In	 part	 because	 I	 never	 met	 anyone	 that	 great,	 but	 also	 because	 I	 didn’t
have	 the	 time,	 energy,	 or	 extra	 cash	 for	 anything	 other	 than	 Lyla.	 If	 that	 sounds
like	I’m	complaining,	it’s	because	I	am.	Parenting	can	be	a	real	drain,	even	when
sharing	the	misery	with	a	spouse.	Alone	it	was	hard	as	fuck.
But	we	got	by	just	fine,	and	I	took	great	pride	in	the	fact	that	I	was	raising	such	a
good	kid.	Lyla	was	beautiful,	smart,	and	kind,	and	my	world	revolved	around	her.
We	both	got	over	Beatriz	and	moved	on	with	our	lives.
Then,	five	years	later,	with	no	warning	at	all,	she	came	back.	It	was	Lyla’s	ninth
birthday.	The	timing	was	so	messed	up	that	it	made	me	want	to	issue	a	memo	to
deadbeat	 parents	 everywhere,	 advising	 them	 to	 please	 make	 contact	 before	 or
after	 their	 child’s	 birthday.	 To	 reappear	 on	 the	 actual	 day,	 or	 any	 other	 day	 of
significance,	 was	 both	 narcissistic	 and	 wildly	 disruptive,	 particularly	 when	 there
had	been	no	expectations	of	your	coming	back	whatsoever.	When	you’d	been	gone
so	long	there	wasn’t	even	a	thought	of	you	in	the	kid’s	head.
Such	 was	 the	 case	 that	 year.	 I	 was	 hit	 or	 miss	 with	 the	 party	 thing,	 mostly
because	 I	 had	 trouble	 planning	 in	 advance,	 but	 also	 because	 venue	 parties	 were
too	expensive.	But	I’d	gotten	it	together	and	allowed	Lyla	to	invite	three	friends	for
a	sleepover.	With	a	June	birthday,	she	usually	had	nice	weather,	but	this	evening
was	 especially	 idyllic.	 The	 girls	 ran	 around	 in	 the	 backyard	 and	 played	 in	 the
sprinkler	while	I	grilled	hot	dogs	and	hamburgers.	Afterward,	we	had	a	chocolate
cake,	 compliments	 of	 my	 mom,	 and	 Lyla	 opened	 her	 presents.	 The	 girls	 then
hunkered	 down	 in	 their	 sleeping	 bags	 to	 watch	 a	 movie	 that	 looked	 a	 little	 bit
scary	for	their	age.	I	remember	checking	the	rating	and	asking	if	all	their	parents
were	okay	with	a	PG-13	movie	(they	said	they	were),	and	feeling	pretty	damn	good
about	my	competence	as	a	single	dad	before	I	turned	in	for	the	night.
The	next	thing	I	knew,	Lyla	was	shaking	me	awake.	She	looked	stricken.
“What	time	is	it?”	I	said.

“I	don’t	know,”	she	said.	Because	kids	never	do.
“What’s	 wrong?”	 I	 asked,	 noticing	 on	 my	 alarm	 clock	 that	 it	 was	 close	 to
midnight.	“Did	something	happen?”
That’s	 when	 Lyla	 sat	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 my	 bed	 and	 dropped	 the	 second	 biggest
shock	of	my	life.	“Mom’s	at	the	door,”	she	informed	me.	“She	wants	to	talk	to	you.”
—
THAT’S	ABOUT	WHERE	I	left	off	on	memory	lane	when	I	fell	asleep	in	Lyla’s	chair	after
her	puke	fest.	I	awoke	in	the	early	morning	to	the	sound	of	her	phone	vibrating.	I
got	up	and	walked	to	her	bedside,	checked	to	make	sure	she	was	still	asleep,	then
picked	 up	 her	 phone	 and	 entered	 1919—the	 pass	 code	 I’d	 glimpsed	 over	 her
shoulder	a	few	days	ago.	A	not	so	small	part	of	me	hoped	she’d	changed	it	since
then,	 but	 the	 digits	 worked,	 and	 I	 found	 myself	 with	 complete	 access	 to	 my
daughter’s	personal	life.	Short	of	reading	her	journal,	which	I	knew	she	kept	in	her
top-left	desk	drawer,	this	was	the	ultimate	invasion.	I	felt	conflicted—guilty—but	I
told	myself	that	her	safety	and	well-being	trumped	her	privacy,	and	both	were	at
stake	here.	So	I	clicked	on	the	text	message	icon	and	stared	down	at	her	in-box.
Most	of	the	names	that	filled	the	screen	I	recognized,	and	all	were	girls.	A	wave
of	 relief	 washed	 over	 me,	 though	 the	 fact	 that	 boys	 hadn’t	 texted	 her	 didn’t
preclude	the	possibility	that	something	had	happened	with	one	of	them.	I	tapped
on	Grace’s	name.	Her	most	recent	message,	the	one	that	had	just	come	in,	read:
Are	u	okay?	Sorry	I	called	ur	dad	but	you	scared	me!!	I	hope	ur	not	in	too	much	trouble??

My	thumb	hovered	over	the	screen	for	a	few	seconds	before	I	really	crossed	the
line.	Trying	to	think	and	talk	like	Lyla,	I	typed:	Ugh.	So	hungover.	What	happened?
The	 moving	 ellipses	 appeared,	 then	 Grace’s	 reply	 came	 back	 with	 lightning
speed:	Um	u	don’t	remember?
My	heart	raced	as	I	typed	as	fast	as	I	could:	No.	Tell	me.
I	held	my	breath,	waiting	longer	this	time.
U	passed	out.	I’m	sooo	sorry	I	left	u	for	so	long.	I	didn’t	know	u	were	so	wasted.	What	did	u	drink????	Did
you	hook	up	w	Finch?
I	don’t	know,	I	typed.

Grace	sent	a	sad-face	emoji,	and	then,	in	a	separate	text:	Something	I	need	to	tell	you…
There’s	a	pic	of	u	being	sent	around.	IDK	who	took	it.	But	I	think	Finch.

My	stomach	dropped	as	I	wrote:	A	picture	of	what?	Do	you	have	it?
Yeah.
Send	it	to	me.

I	 steeled	 myself	 as	 an	 image	 appeared	 in	 the	 thread,	 too	 small	 to	 really	 make
out.	I	tapped	to	enlarge	it,	then	zoomed	in	to	see	my	little	girl,	lying	on	her	back	on
a	bed,	her	breast	completely	exposed.	I	wanted	to	throw	up,	just	as	Lyla	had	last

night,	but	my	nausea	turned	to	rage	when	I	read	the	caption	on	it:	 Looks	like	she	got
her	green	card.
Fuck,	I	typed,	forgetting	I	was	supposed	to	be	Lyla	for	a	second,	although	I	was

sure	she	swore	to	her	friends.	What	the	hell	does	that	mean?
IDK.	He’s	calling	you	an	illegal	or	something.	I	guess	because	ur	half	Brazilian?
I’m	 a	 fucking	 American….And	 even	 if	 I	 weren’t…I	

typed,	 too	 infuriated	 to	 finish	 the

sentence.
Grace	replied:	I	know.	I’m	sorry.	But	at	least	you	look	hot!
I	 shook	 my	 head,	 marveling	 at	 the	 shallowness	 of	 the	 comment,	 and	 nearly
outed	myself—they’d	both	find	out	eventually,	anyway—but	decided	against	it.	My
heart	simply	couldn’t	take	any	more.
Gotta	go,	I	typed.
K.	TTYL,	she	wrote	back.

I	deleted	the	thread,	my	head	filled	with	awful	images,	some	of	them	imagined
and	one	of	them	very	real.
—
“YOU	 READY	 TO	 tell	 me	 what	 happened?”	 I	 asked	 Lyla	 a	 few	 hours	 later,	 when	 she

finally	 emerged	 from	 her	 bedroom,	 looking	 some	 combination	 of	 queasy	 and
embarrassed.	I	was	sitting	in	our	living	room,	where	I’d	been	waiting	for	her.
“You	 already	 know	 what	 happened,”	 she	 said	 softly,	 likely	 because	 she	 and
Grace	had	pieced	things	together.	Her	phone	was	in	her	hand	now.	She	put	it	on
the	coffee	table,	screen	down,	then	sat	next	to	me,	probably	to	avoid	my	gaze.	“I
had	too	much	to	drink.”
“One	drink	is	too	many.	You’re	underage,”	I	said.
She	slid	down	on	the	sofa	closer	to	me,	then	dropped	her	head	to	my	shoulder.
“I	know,	Dad,”	she	said	with	a	sigh.
It	felt	like	a	ploy,	a	bid	for	sympathy.	I	stayed	strong.	“So.	How	much	did	you
drink?”	I	asked.
“Not	that	much,	I	swear.”	Her	voice	shook	a	little,	though	I	couldn’t	tell	if	it	was
from	emotion	or	from	her	hangover.
“Is	that	typical	for	you?”
“No,	Dad….It’s	not	typical	for	me.”
“So	is	this	the	first	time	you’ve	gotten	drunk?”
She	 hesitated,	 which	 of	 course	 meant	 that	 it	 wasn’t,	 but	 also	 that	 she	 was
considering	lying	about	it.	Sure	enough,	she	gave	me	a	straight,	unwavering	yes.
I	 stood,	 circled	 the	 sofa,	 and	 sat	 in	 the	 chair	 right	 across	 from	 her.	 “Okay,	 so

here’s	the	deal,”	I	said,	clasping	my	hands	together,	my	voice	firm	but	not	loud.	“I
need	you	to	be	straight	with	me.	I	won’t	punish	you	if	you	are,	but	you	have	to	be
one	hundred	percent	honest.	Otherwise,	your	life	as	you	know	it	is	over	for	a	very
long	time.	Got	it?”
Lyla	nodded	but	did	not	meet	my	gaze.
“When	did	you	have	your	first	drink?”	I	asked.
“Last	summer,”	she	said,	her	eyes	still	glued	to	her	lap.
“So	you’ve	been	drinking	since	last	summer?”
She	 hesitated	 for	 several	 seconds	 before	 nodding.	 “Yeah.	 Not	 all	 the	 time	 or
anything.	But	yeah.	Sometimes.	Every	now	and	then.”
I	 took	 a	 deep	 breath	 and	 said,	 “Well,	 let’s	 start	 right	 there.	 With	 drinking,
generally.”
“Dad—”	she	said	with	a	weary	sigh.	“I	know—”
“You	know	what?”
“I	know	what	you’re	going	to	say….”
I	 stood	 up,	 calling	 her	 bluff.	 “Okay.	 Fine,	 Lyla.	 Your	 choice.	 We’ll	 just	 go	 the
punishment	route	here.”
As	I	walked	past	her,	she	reached	up	and	tugged	on	the	back	of	my	shirt.	“I’m
sorry,	Dad.	Sit	down.	I’ll	listen.”
I	stared	at	her	a	beat,	then	sat	back	down	next	to	her,	thinking	once	again	of	the
birthday	night	Beatriz	came	back.	She’d	been	drunk,	of	course.	I	made	her	leave,
but	 she	 came	 back	 the	 next	 morning	 and	 stayed	 in	 town	 for	 about	 a	 week,
promising	 Lyla	 she’d	 move	 back	 to	 Nashville—which	 I	 took	 as	 more	 of	 a	 threat
than	a	promise.	One	night	things	got	ugly,	and	Beatriz	told	Lyla	that	her	dad	had
too	big	a	temper	problem	for	her	to	stay.	Then	she	took	off	again.
That	was	seven	years	ago,	and	since	then,	I	hadn’t	been	able	to	keep	up	with	all
the	 places	 Lyla	 said	 her	 mother	 had	 been	 living	 (Los	 Angeles,	 Atlanta,	 San
Antonio,	 and	 back	 in	 Rio,	 to	 name	 a	 few)	 or	 the	 number	 of	 times	 she’d	 passed
through	 town,	 graced	 us	 with	 her	 intoxicated	 presence,	 made	 Lyla	 a	 few	 empty
promises,	then	disappeared	again.	With	the	help	of	a	school	guidance	counselor	I
talked	to	following	one	of	Beatriz’s	more	egregious	interruptions,	I’d	vowed	to	stop
denigrating	her	in	front	of	Lyla,	and	I	had	kept	my	word	up	until	now.	This	was
too	 important.	 Besides,	 I	 told	 myself,	 alcoholism	 isn’t	 a	 character	 flaw—it’s	 a
disease.
“It’s	safe	to	say	that	your	mom’s	an	alcoholic,”	I	began.
Lyla	made	a	clicking	sound	and	rolled	her	eyes.	“Um,	yeah.	I	know	that,	Dad.”
I	 nodded,	 choosing	 my	 words	 carefully.	 “Okay.	 Well,	 then,	 do	 you	 also	 know

that	alcoholism	runs	in	families?”
“Dad,	please!	 I’m	 not	 an	 alcoholic,”	 she	 whined.	 “I	 don’t	 drink	 like	 that.	 And
besides,	Mom	is	way	better	now.	She’s	been	going	to	meetings.”
“Well,	she’s	still	an	alcoholic,”	I	said.	“That	doesn’t	go	away	with	meetings.	And
it	will	always	be	in	your	genes.	It	will	always	be	a	danger	for	you.”
“I	don’t	drink	too	much.”
“Well,	 the	 ‘too	 much’	 happens	 gradually,	 Lyla.	 It’s	 a	 slippery	 slope.	 It	 was	 for
your	mother.”
“I	know	all	of	this,	Dad—”
I	 cut	 her	 off.	 “Let	 me	 finish….Beyond	 that,	 we	 have	 more	 practical	 concerns…
meaning	all	the	bad	decisions	people	make	when	they’ve	been	drinking.	Take	last
night,	for	example….Do	you	even	remember	what	happened?”
She	shrugged	and	said	yes,	then	added,	“Sort	of.”
“Sort	of?	So	that	means	there	are	things	you	don’t	remember?”
She	shrugged	again.	“I	guess.”
“Were	you…with…a	boy?”
“Da-ad,”	she	said,	looking	appalled.
“Answer	me,	Lyla.”
“There	were	boys	there,”	she	replied.	“If	that’s	what	you	mean.”
“No.	 That’s	 not	 what	 I	 mean.	 You	 know	 what	 I	 mean….Did	 you	 have	 sex?”	 I
forced	myself	to	ask.	“Could	you	be	pregnant?”
“Dad!”	she	shouted,	putting	her	hands	over	face.	“Stop!	No!”
“So	 no,	 you	 couldn’t	 be	 pregnant	 because	 you	 didn’t	 have	 sex?	 Or	 no,	 you
couldn’t	be	pregnant	because	you	used	birth	control?”
She	stood	up	and	shouted,	“Oh	my	God,	Dad.	Just	go	ahead	and	ground	me!	I’m
not	having	this	conversation	with	you!”
“Sit	down,	Lyla,”	I	said	as	sternly	as	I	could	without	actually	yelling.	“And	don’t
you	dare	talk	to	me	like	that.”
She	bit	her	lip	and	sank	back	into	the	sofa.
“Did	you	have	sex	last	night?”	I	asked.
“No,	Dad,”	she	said.	“I	didn’t.”
“How	can	you	be	sure	if	you	don’t	remember?”
“Dad.	I’m	sure.	Okay?	Just	stop.”
I	took	a	deep	breath,	then	cut	to	the	chase.	“Okay,	then.	Who	is	Finch?”	I	asked.

She	 stared	 down	 at	 her	 fingernails,	 her	 lower	 lip	 quivering.	 “I	 know	what	you
did,	 Dad.	 I	 know	 you	 talked	 to	 Grace	 on	 my	 phone.	 She	 sent	 me	 screenshots.	 I
read	the	whole	thing.	Just	admit	it.”
I	confessed	with	a	nod,	bracing	myself	for	a	self-righteous	tirade	about	her	right
to	privacy.	But	she	somehow	exercised	a	modicum	of	restraint.
“Who	is	he?”	I	said.
“He’s	a	senior,”	she	said.
“Does	he	go	to	your	school?”
She	nodded.
“Well,	 then,”	 I	 said.	 “I’m	 going	 to	 be	 letting	 the	 Windsor	 administration	 know
about	this.”
“Oh	my	God,	Dad,”	she	gasped,	jumping	up,	her	eyes	wide	and	frantic.	“Don’t	do
that.	Please!”
“I	have	to—”
“You	 can’t!	 Please…I	 won’t	 drink	 ever	 again!	 And	 I’ll	 forgive	 you	 for	 snooping
through	my	phone!	And	you	can	ground	me,	whatever….Just	please,	please	don’t
turn	 him	 in.”	 She	 was	 now	 shouting,	 leaning	 over	 the	 coffee	 table,	 her	 hands	 in
prayer	position.
I	 was	 accustomed	 to	 her	 melodrama	 (she	 was,	 after	 all,	 a	 teenaged	 girl)	 and
knew	I’d	get	pushback.	But	something	about	her	reaction	seemed	irrationally	over
the	top.	I	ran	through	the	mental	calculations,	wondering	whether	there	was	more
to	 the	 story	 than	 I	 knew.	 I	 asked	 if	 she	 was	 telling	 me	 everything;	 she	 promised
that	she	was.	“It’s	just	not	that	big	of	a	deal,”	she	added.
“It	is	a	big	deal.	It’s	a	huge	deal,”	I	said,	as	calmly	as	I	could.	“And	something
needs	to	be	done	about…”
She	shook	her	head,	now	in	tears.	Real	tears—I	could	always	tell	when	she	was
fake	crying.	“No.	It	doesn’t,	Dad.	It	really	doesn’t….Can’t	we	just	drop	it?”
“No,	Lyla.	We	can’t	just	drop	it.”
“Why,	Dad?	Why	not?	God!	I	just	want	this	to	go	away.	Please.	Can’t	we	just	let
it	go	away	and	not	make	it	a	bigger	deal	than	it	needs	to	be?”	she	begged.
I	looked	into	her	eyes,	wanting	to	stop	her	tears,	give	in.	After	all,	I	told	myself,
she	had	enough	challenges	in	her	life.	They	weren’t	insurmountable,	of	course,	nor
were	they	holding	her	back	in	any	major	way.	But	they	were	there,	and	they	were
real.	 For	 one,	 she	 was	 a	 carpenter’s	 daughter	 at	 a	 rich-ass	 school	 filled	 with
entitled	kids.	For	another,	her	mother	sucked.	So	of	course	I	was	tempted	to	take
the	path	of	least	resistance	and	give	her	what	she	wanted	now.	But	was	that	best
for	Lyla	in	the	long	run?	Didn’t	I	owe	my	daughter	more?	Didn’t	I	need	to	show
her	how	important	it	was	to	stand	up	for	herself	and	for	what’s	right?	And	besides,

even	 if	 I	 caved,	 would	 anything	 really	 “go	 away”?	 Or	 would	 the	 problem	 just
resurface,	 sometime	 later	 when	 we	 least	 expected	 it,	 the	 way	 her	 mother	 always
did?
I	 suddenly	 thought	 of	 Beatriz	 again—her	 face	 on	 the	 night	 I	 told	 her	 it	 was
better	for	Lyla	to	have	no	mother	than	her	as	a	mother.	It	wasn’t	true;	I	shouldn’t
have	said	it;	and	I	wished	so	deeply	that	we	had	her	around	now.	That	we	weren’t
so	alone.
“We’ll	see,	Lyla,”	I	said,	often	my	go-to	answer.	Then	I	stood	and	told	her	I’d	be
back	 later,	 pushing	 down	 all	 my	 terrible,	 guilty	 emotions	 and	 focusing	 on	 what
needed	to	be	done.	For	my	daughter’s	sake.
“Where	are	you	going?”	she	asked,	her	voice	high	and	sad.
“To	the	workshop,”	I	said,	pretending	to	be	matter-of-fact.	“You	might	want	to
drink	a	lot	of	water.”

F

irst	thing	Monday	morning,	I	got	the	call	I’d	been	both	expecting	and	praying
I	 wouldn’t	 receive.	 Although	 I	 had	 rare	 occasion	 to	 talk	 to	 him,	 Walter
Quarterman’s	 name	 was	 programmed	 into	 my	 phone.	 I	 saw	 it	 appear	 on	 the
screen,	 but	 I	 was	 too	 scared	 to	 answer.	 Instead,	 I	 waited,	 then	 listened	 to	 the
voicemail	 he	 left,	 asking	 if	 Kirk	 and	 I	 could	 please	 come	 in	 and	 speak	 with	 him
that	afternoon	about	a	“serious	issue	that	has	arisen.”
Walter,	 or	 Mr.	 Q	 as	 the	 kids	 called	 him,	 was	 the	 long-tenured	 and	 enigmatic
headmaster	of	Windsor	Academy.	On	the	surface,	he	was	a	stereotypically	serious
academic	with	white	hair,	a	bookish	beard,	and	wire-rimmed	glasses.	But	at	some
point,	we’d	all	discovered	that	he’d	been	quite	the	hippie	activist	in	his	former	life,
the	kids	unearthing	(and	publishing	in	the	student	newspaper)	a	photo	of	Mr.	Q
protesting	the	Vietnam	War	at	Yale,	his	beard	darker	and	longer,	his	fist	in	the	air
as	 he	 carried	 a	 sign	 that	 read:	 HEY,	 HEY	 LBJ!	 HOW	 MANY	 KIDS	 DID	 YOU	 KILL	 TODAY?	It
made	 him	 something	 of	 a	 cult	 figure	 with	 the	 students,	 though	 many	 of	 the
parents	 appreciated	 his	 politics	 less.	 In	 fact,	 Walter	 took	 some	 heat	 during	 the
2016	 presidential	 campaign,	 when	 he	 made	 a	 few	 not-so-subtle	 anti–Donald
Trump	references	about	wanting	to	build	bridges	at	Windsor,	not	walls,	irritating
many	in	our	conservative,	predominantly	Republican	enclave	of	Nashville.
Kirk	was	among	that	miffed	contingent,	and	he	was	even	more	riled	when	the
subject	of	transgender	bathrooms	was	raised	later	that	year.	I	understood	where
he	 was	 coming	 from,	 at	 least	 as	 a	 practical	 matter,	 as	 there	 was	 only	 one
transgender	student	at	Windsor	that	we	knew	of.	But	mostly	I	was	all	about	taking
the	 path	 of	 least	 resistance,	 whether	 at	 Windsor	 or	 in	 our	 community,	 and
especially	with	my	husband.	Only	occasionally	did	I	take	a	real	stand	with	Kirk,	at
least	on	anything	smacking	of	political	correctness,	such	as	my	insistence	that	we
make	our	holiday	cards	as	inclusive	as	possible.
“But	 ‘Happy	 Holidays’	 sounds	 so	 cold	 and	 corporate,”	 Kirk	 had	 said	 when	 the
debate	first	arose	several	years	back.	I	resisted	the	urge	to	tell	him	outright	that	he
needed	to	stay	in	his	lane.	He	did	our	finances,	and	I	handled	cards	and	gifting,
holidays	and	decorating,	and	really	anything	related	to	celebrations	or	making	our
lives	 feel	 more	 special.	 It	 was	 a	 nineteen-fifties	 sort	 of	 split,	 but	 it	 had	 always
worked	for	us.
“Okay.	What	about	‘Merry	and	bright’	or	‘Comfort	and	joy’	or	‘Peace	on	earth’?”

I	had	thrown	out	to	appease	him.
“I	hate	all	of	those	things.”	He’d	smirked,	obviously	trying	to	be	funny.
I’d	smiled—because	he	was	 pretty	 funny—but	 pointed	 out	 that	 we	 had	 Jewish
friends.	My	own	dad	was	Jewish.
“Not	really,”	Kirk	had	said.
“He’s	as	Jewish	as	you	are	Christian,”	I’d	said.
“Yes,	 but	 we’re	 sending	 the	 card.	 And	 we’re	 Christian.	 Get	 how	 that	 works?”
Kirk	had	asked	with	a	trace	of	condescension.
I’d	 dug	 in.	 “But	 we’re	 wishing	 them	 a	 happy	 holiday.	 You	 wouldn’t	 think	 it
bizarre	if	the	Kaplans	sent	us	a	card	wishing	us	a	‘Happy	Hanukkah’?”
“I	wouldn’t	care,”	Kirk	had	said	with	a	shrug.	“I	don’t	care	if	someone	sends	me
a	Kwanzaa	card	if	that’s	what	they	want	to	do.	But	I	don’t	want	anyone	to	tell	me
what	to	do,	either.”
Maybe	that	was	it	in	a	nutshell,	I	remember	thinking.	Kirk	really	didn’t	like	to
be	 told	 what	 to	 do,	 a	 trait	 that	 had	 become	 more	 extreme	 over	 the	 years.	 It	 was
probably	a	function	of	getting	older—I	think	we	all	become	exaggerated	versions
of	 ourselves,	 and	 Kirk	 had	 always	 been	 independent	 and	 strong-willed.	 But
sometimes	 I	 worried	 that	 it	 had	 more	 to	 do	 with	 his	 love	 of	 power—power	 that
seemed	to	increase	along	with	financial	wealth.	I’d	recently	called	him	out	on	this,
accusing	him	of	having	the	“old-rich-white-guy	mentality,”	pointing	out	that	it	was
often	 that	 guy	 who	 was	 cutting	 a	 line	 at	 the	 airport,	 or	 blathering	 away	 on	 his
cellphone	after	the	flight	attendant	asked	for	devices	to	be	put	away,	or	pretending
not	to	see	you	when	you	were	anxiously	trying	to	merge	in	traffic	(all	of	which	I’d
observed	Kirk	do	on	a	fairly	regular	basis).	His	response	was	simply	that	at	fortysix,	he	wasn’t	yet	“old.”
All	 of	 this	 is	 to	 say	 that	 I	 wasn’t	 completely	 surprised	 at	 his	 reaction	 when	 I
called	him	at	work	to	tell	him	about	Walter’s	voicemail.
“Does	it	have	to	be	today?”	he	said.
“Um,	yes.	I	think	it	does,”	I	said.	“Our	child	is	in	trouble.”
“I	know	that,”	he	said,	tapping	on	his	keyboard.	“We’re	the	ones	who	spent	the
entire	 day	 yesterday	 crafting	 his	 punishment.	 Does	 Walt	 know	 how	 hard	 we’re
coming	down	on	Finch?”
“No.	 Of	 course	 not,”	 I	 said	 with	 a	 loud	 sigh,	 thinking	 that	 it	 was	 Walter,	 not
Walt.	“Because	as	I	told	you,	he	left	a	voicemail—I	haven’t	spoken	to	him	yet.”
“Well,	we	need	to	tell	him	that—”
“Kirk,”	I	said.	“Banning	Finch	from	all	social	interaction—”
“And	driving,	except	to	school,”	Kirk	said.

“And	yes,	driving	his	Mercedes	SUV	anywhere	but	school—”
“Why	do	you	say	it	like	that,	Nina?	You	agreed	on	buying	that	car	for	him.”
It	was	an	ancient	battle.	It	had	been	nearly	two	years	since	I	had	argued	it	was
outrageously	excessive	to	buy	a	sixteen-year-old	a	G-wagon,	and	Kirk	had	replied
that	it	was	excessive	only	if	we	couldn’t	afford	it—and	we	could.	I	remember	how
he	had	deftly	compared	it	to	our	furniture—and	my	wardrobe,	saying	some	might
consider	 those	 things	 “excessive,”	 too.	 At	 the	 time,	 I	 was	 flustered—because	 he
was	 right,	 at	 least	 on	 the	 surface.	 Only	 later	 did	 I	 distinguish	 the	 difference.
Namely,	 that	 I	 wasn’t	 a	 teenager.	 I	 was	 an	 adult.	 For	 Finch,	 a	 car	 like	 his	 was	 a
windfall,	 an	 indulgence,	 a	 tacit	 seal	 of	 entitlement.	 Moreover,	 I	 often	 had	 the
feeling,	with	both	Kirk	and	Finch,	that	they	wanted	things	for	the	status	of	owning
them,	and	I	can	honestly	say	that	I’d	never,	not	once,	purchased	anything	with	the
goal	of	impressing	anyone.	I	just	loved	design	and	fashion.	For	myself.
“I	know	I	agreed	to	get	him	the	car,”	I	said.	“And	I	regret	it….Don’t	you	see	that
it	might	have	contributed	to	this?”
“No,”	Kirk	said.	“I	don’t.”
“Not	at	all?	Don’t	you	think	spoiling	him	has	had	a	cumulative	effect?”
I	 heard	 more	 clicking	 as	 he	 mumbled,	 “What	 happened	 Saturday	 night	 has
nothing	to	do	with	being	spoiled.	It	was	just	stupid….”	His	voice	trailed	off,	and	I
could	tell	he	was	only	half	focused	on	our	conversation.
“Kirk.	What	are	you	doing?”
He	 launched	 into	 a	 technical	 explanation	 of	 his	 current	 consulting	 gig—
something	about	a	CRM	implementation.
“Well,	I’m	sorry	this	is	interfering	with	your	work,	but	do	you	think	you	could
stop	doing	it	for	a	few	minutes	and	focus	on	Finch?”
“Yeah,	 Nina.	 That’s	 fine,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 sigh.	 “But	 we’ve	 been	 over	 this	 a
hundred	 times.	 All	 day	 yesterday.	 What	 he	 did	 was	 wrong.	 And	 he	 needs	 to	 be
punished.	He	is	being	punished.	But	he’s	a	good	kid.	He	just	made	a	mistake.	And
the	 car	 and	 our	 lifestyle	 choices	 have	 nothing	 to	 do	 with	 the	 poor	 judgment	 he
exercised	on	Saturday	night.	He’s	a	typical	high	school	boy.	Boys	do	dumb	things
sometimes.”
“Regardless,”	I	said.	“We	still	have	to	deal	with	it….I	still	need	to	return	Walter’s
call.”
“Okay.	So	then	go	call	him,”	he	said,	as	if	I	were	the	one	trying	his	patience.
“I’m	about	to,”	I	said.	“But	I	wanted	to	check	with	you	first.	What	time	is	your
flight?”	I	couldn’t	remember	the	details	of	his	trip,	whether	it	was	for	business	or
pleasure	or,	most	likely,	pleasure	disguised	as	business.
“Three-thirty,”	he	replied.

“Great.	So	you	have	time.”
“Not	really.	I	have	a	meeting	and	a	couple	calls	before	then.”
I	 took	 a	 deep	 breath.	 “So	 should	 I	 just	 go	 ahead	 and	 tell	 Walter	 that	 you’re
unavailable	because	you	have	more	important	things	to	do	today?”
“Jesus,	Nina,”	he	said,	now	on	speakerphone.	“No,	you	shouldn’t	tell	him	that.
You	should	tell	him	that	we	are	aware	of	the	situation.	We	are	handling	it	at	home.
But	of	course	we	would	be	happy	to	discuss	it	with	him.	However,	nothing	works
for	 our	 schedule	 today.	 I	 could	 come	 in	 later	 in	 the	 week….Or	 we	 could	 do	 a
conference	call	on	my	way	to	the	airport?”
“I	 don’t	 think	 Walter	 wants	 to	 do	 a	 conference	 call,”	 I	 said.	 “He	 asked	 us	 to
come	in	and	see	him.	Today.”
“Well.	As	I	said.	I	cannot.	So	maybe	you	could	just	go	alone.”
“Are	you	serious?”
“I	trust	you	to	handle	this	one	and	represent	us	both.”
I	 shook	 my	 head	 in	 disbelief.	 Was	 he	 being	 passive-aggressive?	 Or	 was	 he
burying	his	head	in	the	sand?	Or	did	he	actually	think	that	what	Finch	had	done
was	not	that	big	a	deal?
“Don’t	you	realize	what’s	happening	here?”	I	finally	asked.	“Finch	is	in	trouble.
With	 Walter	 Quarterman.	 With	 Windsor	 Academy.	 He’s	 in	 trouble	 for	 posting	 a
sexually	explicit	photo	with	a	racist	caption.	This	is	real.”
“C’mon,	 Nina.	 Stop	 exaggerating.	 The	 picture	 was	 not	 sexually	 explicit.	 Or
racist.”
“Well,	 I	 disagree.	 And	 more	 important,	 I	 think	 Walter	 disagrees.	 Clearly	 he
thinks	there	should	be	consequences	to	this	post—”
“Would	you	please	stop	saying	that?	He	didn’t	post	anything.	He	sent	it	to	a	few
friends,”	Kirk	said.
“What	difference	does	that	make?”	I	shouted.	“He	might	as	well	have	posted	it!
Everyone	 forwarded	 it	 around.	 You	 know	 a	 kid	 got	 thrown	 out	 of	 Windsor	 for
sending	a	picture	of	his	penis—”
“C’mon,	Nina.	This	wasn’t	a	dick	pic.	It	was	a	little	side	boob.”
“Kirk!	 First	 of	 all,	 this	 was	 no	 side	 boob.	 Everyone	 and	 their	 grandmother
knows	 that	 it	 comes	 down	 to	 whether	 or	 not	 the	 nipple	 is	 showing.	 But	 let’s	 put
that	aside.	How	about	the	racist	caption?”
“It	wasn’t	that	racist.”
“Like	not	being	that	pregnant?”
“There	are	degrees	of	racism.	There	are	no	degrees	of	pregnancy.	You	either	are
or	you	aren’t,”	he	said.	“And	this	is	a	classic	example	of	political	correctness	run

amok.”
“ ‘Looks	 like	 she	 got	 her	 green	 card’?”	 I	 said	 slowly.	 “You	 think	 that’s	 okay,
Kirk?”
“No.	 I	 don’t	 think	 it’s	 okay.	 I	 think	 it’s	 extremely	 rude,	 and	 yes,	 it’s	 a	 little
racist….And	I’m	very	disappointed	in	him.	Very.	You	know	that.	Finch	knows	that.
But	I	don’t	think	it	rises	to	the	level	of	me	changing	my	flight	so	that	both	of	his
parents	 can	 sit	 through	 being	 chastised	 by	 the	 raging	 liberal	 headmaster	 of
Windsor	Academy.”
“This	 isn’t	 about	 politics,	 Kirk,”	 I	 said,	 wondering	 how	 I	 seemed	 to	 be	 losing
ground	since	yesterday.	It	was	as	if	work	was	more	important	to	him	than	Finch.
“I	know	that.	But	Walt	will	do	his	best	to	turn	it	into	something	political.	Just
wait	and	see—”
“You	know	Windsor	has	an	honor	code—”
“But	 Finch	 didn’t	 break	 the	 honor	 code,	 Nina,”	 he	 said.	 “You	 and	 I	 read	 it
together.	There	was	no	lying.	No	cheating.	No	stealing.	It	was	an	off-color	remark,
but	 he	 sent	 it	 privately—and	 he	 wasn’t	 on	 school	 property.	 He	 wasn’t	 using	 a
school	 device,	 and	 he	 wasn’t	 on	 their	 network.	 I	 really	 think	 that	 this	 is	 being
blown	out	of	proportion—and	everyone	is	overreacting.”
“Okay,”	I	snapped.	“So	what	you’re	telling	me	is	that	I	won’t	be	seeing	you	at	the
meeting?”
“Not	if	it’s	today,”	he	said.	“Because	I’m	not	changing	my	flight.”
“Well,	it’s	good	to	be	clear	about	what,	exactly,	your	priorities	are.	I’ll	tell	Walter
you	 were	 otherwise	 engaged,	 and	 I’ll	 try	 to	 remember	 to	 send	 you	 an	 update	 on
our	son’s	future,”	I	said,	slamming	down	the	phone.
—
I	DIDN’T	KNOW	if	it	was	the	hang	up	that	did	the	trick,	or	whether	I’d	gotten	through
to	him	about	the	stakes	involved,	or	whether	he	simply	didn’t	trust	me	to	handle
the	 meeting	 his	 way.	 But	 after	 I’d	 CCed	 him	 on	 an	 exchange	 with	 Walter’s
assistant	 in	 which	 we’d	 scheduled	 a	 two	 o’clock	 meeting,	 Kirk	 pulled	 into	 the
Windsor	 guest	 parking	 lot	 about	 five	 seconds	 after	 I	 did.	 We	 made	 eye	 contact
through	 our	 car	 windows,	 and	 he	 gave	 me	 a	 conciliatory	 wave.	 I	 forced	 a	 smile
back,	 still	 pissed,	 but	 also	 intensely	 relieved	 that	 I	 wasn’t	 going	 into	 that	 school
alone.
“Hi,	 honey,”	 he	 said	 a	 little	 sheepishly	 after	 we	 both	 got	 out	 of	 our	 cars	 and
stepped	onto	the	sidewalk.	He	leaned	in	to	kiss	my	cheek,	resting	his	hand	on	my
back.	“I’m	sorry	I	upset	you.”
“Thanks,”	I	said,	softening	slightly.	It	wasn’t	often	that	Kirk	actually	apologized
—so	it	always	meant	something	to	me.	“So	you	got	a	later	flight?”

“Yeah,	but	I’m	in	coach.	Business	class	was	fully	booked,”	he	said.
Oh,	cry	me	a	river,	I	thought,	as	we	walked	toward	the	entrance	of	the	building,
its	stone	Gothic	architecture	seeming	more	foreboding	than	it	ever	had,	including
when	I	brought	Finch	here	a	dozen	years	ago	for	his	admissions	interview.
Kirk	opened	the	door	for	me,	and	we	entered	the	quiet,	overly	air-conditioned
lobby,	 which	 was	 more	 like	 a	 foyer,	 decorated	 with	 antiques,	 oil	 paintings,	 and
Oriental	 rugs.	 The	 longtime	 receptionist,	 Sharon,	 looked	 up	 from	 a	 file	 folder	 to
say	hello.	She	had	to	know	who	we	were	by	now,	but	she	pretended	that	she	didn’t.
“Hello.	We’re	here	to	see	Mr.	Quarterman,”	I	said,	my	stomach	in	knots.
Sharon	nodded	briskly,	then	pointed	to	the	clipboard	on	the	counter	in	front	of
her.	“If	you’d	sign	in,	please?”
I	carefully	printed	our	names,	just	as	Walter	entered	behind	us,	carrying	an	oldschool	leather	briefcase	with	a	hue	that	verged	toward	orange.
“Kirk.	 Nina.	 Hello.	 Perfect	 timing,”	 he	 said,	 his	 expression	 as	 inscrutable	 as
Sharon’s.
We	 said	 hello	 back,	 and	 he	 quickly	 thanked	 us	 for	 coming	 in	 on	 such	 short
notice.
“No	problem,”	Kirk	said	lightly.
“Of	course,”	I	said,	nodding.
“Let’s	head	to	my	office?”	Walter	said,	gesturing	down	the	hall.
I	 nodded	 again	 as	 he	 led	 us	 down	 a	 long	 corridor.	 Along	 the	 way,	 he	 made
measured	small	talk,	first	remarking	on	the	speed	of	the	passing	school	year,	then
apologizing	for	the	construction	noise	coming	from	the	renovation	of	the	athletic
facilities	across	the	courtyard.
“It’s	looking	good,”	Kirk	said.
“Yes.	Still	in	Phase	One,	though.	We	have	a	ways	to	go,”	Walter	said.
“How’s	 the	 capital	 campaign	 coming	 along?	 Have	 we	 reached	 our	 goal	 yet?”
Kirk	asked.	I	knew	his	question	was	purposeful,	and	I	had	the	feeling	Walter	knew
it,	too.
“We	have,”	he	replied.	“Thank	you	again	for	your	very	generous	contribution	to
the	campaign.”
“Of	course,”	Kirk	said,	as	I	thought	of	the	form	letter	we’d	received	thanking	us
for	our	pledge,	along	with	the	hand-scrawled	note	from	Walter	at	the	bottom:	We
appreciate	you!	Go	Wildcats!
A	 few	 seconds	 of	 silence	 later,	 we	 rounded	 the	 corner	 into	 Walter’s	 office.	 I
realized	it	was	the	first	time	in	all	these	years	that	I’d	actually	been	inside	it,	and
for	a	few	seconds,	I	just	took	in	the	details—the	dark	wood	ceiling	beams.	The	wall

of	books.	The	large	desk	covered	with	stacks	of	papers	and	more	books.	Then,	as
we	walked	the	whole	way	in,	I	spotted	Finch,	sitting	forlornly	on	a	wingback	chair,
wearing	his	school	uniform	of	khakis,	a	white	button-down,	and	a	navy	blazer.	His
hands	were	folded	in	his	lap,	his	head	lowered.
“Hello,	Finch,”	Walter	said.
“Hello,	 Mr.	 Quarterman,”	 Finch	 said,	 finally	 looking	 up.	 “Mrs.	 Peters	 said	 I
should	just	wait	here	for	you.	That’s	why	I’m	here….”	His	voice	trailed	off.
Before	Walter	could	answer,	Kirk	chimed	in	with	“We	didn’t	know	Finch	would
be	 joining	 us.”	 It	 was	 clear	 that	 he	 didn’t	 approve	 of	 the	 decision—or	 at	 least
resented	that	we	hadn’t	been	warned	ahead	of	time.
“Yes,”	Walter	said.	“I	thought	I	mentioned	that	to	Nina	in	my	message.”
“No.	I	don’t	believe	you	did,”	Kirk	answered	for	us.	“But	that’s	okay.”
Walter’s	 secretary	 appeared	 in	 the	 doorway,	 interrupting	 the	 awkwardness	 to
offer	us	a	beverage.	“Coffee?	Tea?	Water?”	she	asked.
We	 all	 declined	 the	 offer,	 and	 Walter	 gestured	 to	 the	 empty	 chairs	 flanking
Finch’s.	 As	 we	 sat,	 he	 pulled	 up	 a	 fourth	 chair,	 completing	 our	 circle.	 He	 then
crossed	his	legs	at	the	knee,	cleared	his	throat,	and	said,	“So.	Is	it	safe	to	assume
we	all	know	why	we’re	here?”	His	voice	rose	in	a	question.
Kirk	responded	with	a	loud	yes	that	made	me	cringe.
Walter	looked	at	Finch,	who	said,	“Yes,	sir.”
“So	 I	 don’t	 need	 to	 show	 anyone	 the	 photo	 that	 Finch	 took—and	 sent—of
another	Windsor	student?	You’ve	both	seen	it?”	he	said,	glancing	at	me,	then	Kirk.
I	 nodded,	 my	 throat	 too	 tight	 and	 dry	 to	 speak,	 wishing	 I	 had	 asked	 for	 that
water,	as	Kirk	said,	“Yes.	We’re	unfortunately	familiar	with	the	image.	Finch	came
home	Saturday	night	and	shared	it	with	us.	He	was	very	contrite.”
I	 glanced	 at	 him,	 taken	 aback	 by	 his	 mischaracterization	 and	 more	 so	 that	 he
would	lie	in	front	of	Finch.	Then	again,	I	wasn’t	that	shocked.	He’d	told	plenty	of
white	lies	before.	Come	to	think	of	it,	I	had,	too,	although	I	think	in	circumstances
much	more	innocuous	than	this.
“So	you’re	familiar	with	the	caption	he	penned	as	well?”	Walter	said.
“Yes.	Though	obviously	he	didn’t	pen	anything	per	se!”	Kirk	chuckled.
Walter	flashed	a	tight-lipped	smile.	“Figure	of	speech.	But	you	did	see	it?”
“Yes,”	I	echoed	quietly,	shame	now	overpowering	my	nervousness.
Walter’s	 hands	 came	 together	 prayer-style	 and	 he	 raised	 his	 fingertips	 to	 his
lips,	 looking	 reflective.	 A	 thick	 silence	 filled	 the	 office.	 I	 shifted	 in	 my	 seat	 and
took	a	deep	breath,	waiting.
“Well.	I	think,	unfortunately,	Finch’s	words	speak	for	themselves.	But	I	wanted

to	 give	 him	 a	 chance	 to	 explain	 here,	 to	 all	 of	 us,	 any	 context.	 Perhaps	 we	 are
missing	something?	A	piece	to	the	story?”
We	 all	 looked	 at	 Finch.	 I	 felt	 the	 simultaneous	 instinct	 to	 both	 protect	 and
strangle	him.	Seconds	passed	before	he	shrugged	and	said,	“No,	sir.	Not	really.”
“Is	there	anything	at	all	you	want	to	tell	us	about	what	happened?”
I	 prayed	 that	 he	 wouldn’t	 lie,	 that	 he’d	 instead	 launch	 into	 a	 heartfelt	 apology
for	 mocking	 a	 defenseless	 female	 peer,	 hurling	 a	 racist	 insult	 at	 her,	 insinuating
that	she	was	beneath	him	or	somehow	did	not	belong.
But	 when	 he	 finally	 opened	 his	 mouth,	 he	 simply	 said,	 “Um.	 No,	 sir.	 I	 really
don’t	have	an	explanation.	It	was	just	a	joke….I	wasn’t	thinking….”
Kirk	cut	in,	saying	Finch’s	name,	his	brows	sharply	raised.
“Yes?”	Finch	said,	looking	at	his	dad.
“I’m	 sure	 you	 have	 something	 more	 to	 say	 about	 this?”	 It	 was	 the	 ultimate	 in
leading	questions.
Finch	cleared	his	throat	and	tried	again.	“Well,	I	don’t	really	have	anything	else
to	 explain…except	 that	 I	 didn’t	 mean	 for	 it	 to	 get	 around	 the	 way	 it	 did….And	 I
really	 didn’t	 mean	 it	 as	 an	 insult	 to	 Lyla….I	 was	 just	 trying…to	 be	 funny.	 It	 was
just	a	joke….But	I	see	now	that	it	wasn’t	funny.	I	actually	realized	it	wasn’t	funny
that	night.	When	I	told	my	parents	about	it.”
My	insides	clenched	as	I	listened	to	my	son	follow	his	father’s	lead	and	skew	the
truth—no,	flat-out	lie—and	noted	that	he’d	yet	to	utter	the	word	sorry.	Kirk	must
have	noticed	it,	too,	because	he	said,	“And	you’re	very,	very	sorry.	Right,	son?”
“Oh,	 God—gosh—yes.	 I’m	 so	 sorry	 I	 did	 that.	 And	 wrote	 that.	 I	 didn’t	 mean
anything	by	it.”	Finch	inhaled,	as	if	he	had	something	more	to	add,	but	Kirk	cut	in
again.
“So,	 as	 you	 said,	 Walt,	 the	 photo	 speaks	 for	 itself.	 It	 was	 in	 poor	 taste.	 It	 was
wrong.	 But	 I	 think	 what	 Finch	 is	 trying	 to	 tell	 us	 is	 that	 there	 wasn’t	 further
malicious	intent.	Right,	Finch?”
“Definitely,”	Finch	said,	nodding.	“Absolutely	not.”
Kirk	 continued,	 “And	 we	 want	 you	 to	 know	 that	 Finch	 is	 being	 severely
punished	at	home	for	his	lapse	of	judgment.	I	can	assure	you	of	that,	Walt.”
“I	 understand,”	 Walter	 said.	 “But	 unfortunately,	 the	 situation	 is	 a	 little	 more
complicated	and	requires	more	than	simply	doling	out	a	private	punishment.”
“Oh?”	Kirk	said,	adjusting	himself	in	his	chair,	literally	shifting	into	what	I	knew
to	be	his	offensive	mode.	“And	why	is	that?”
Walter	 inhaled	 audibly	 through	 his	 nose,	 then	 exhaled	 through	 his	 mouth.
“Well.	 For	 one	 thing,	 Lyla	 Volpe’s	 father	 called	 about	 the	 photo.	 He’s

understandably	quite	upset.”
His	 use	 of	 the	 word	 understandably	 was	 not	 lost	 on	 me,	 but	 Kirk	 pressed	 on.
“And	for	another?”
“Well,”	Walter	said	calmly.	“For	another,	Finch’s	actions	were	in	contravention
of	our	core	values	as	expressed	in	Windsor’s	Code	of	Conduct.”
“But	 this	 didn’t	 happen	 at	 Windsor,”	 Kirk	 argued.	 “It	 happened	 at	 a	 friend’s
home.	On	private	property…And…and	is	this	girl	even	a	minority?”
I	stared	at	him,	mouth	agape,	stunned	by	the	question.
“The	Code	of	Conduct	does	not	have	geographical	restrictions.	It	applies	to	all
students	 enrolled	 at	 Windsor,	 wherever	 they	 may	 be,”	 Walter	 said	 calmly.	 “And
yes,	Lyla	is	part	Latina,	actually.”
Finch	looked	appalled	by	his	father’s	question,	too,	but	then	I	wondered	if	it	was
actually	 just	 panic.	 Maybe	 the	 direness	 of	 the	 situation	 was	 beginning	 to	 sink	 in
for	 him.	 He	 turned	 to	 Walter	 and	 said,	 “Mr.	 Quarterman…am	 I	 getting
suspended?”
“I	don’t	know,	Finch.	But	if	these	charges	go	forward	to	the	Honor	Council,	and
I	 see	 no	 reason	 why	 they	 wouldn’t,	 the	 issue	 of	 suspension	 will	 ultimately	 be
decided	by	that	group.”
“Who’s	on	this	Honor	Council?”	Kirk	asked.
“Eight	students.	And	eight	faculty	members.”
“And?	How	does	this	work?”	Kirk	pressed.	“Would	Finch	have	representation?	I
assume	we	can	bring	in	our	lawyer?”
Walter	 shook	 his	 head.	 “No.	 That’s	 not	 the	 procedure	 we	 use	 for	 these
matters….”
“So	he	doesn’t	get	a	fair	trial?”
“It’s	not	a	trial.	And	we	like	to	think	that	it’s	very	fair,	actually.”
Kirk	 sighed,	 looking	 extremely	 put	 out.	 “And	 if	 he’s	 ultimately	 suspended?
What’s	involved	with	that?	What	are	we	talking,	exactly?”
“That	varies.	But	if	Finch	were	to	be	suspended,	he	would	not	be	allowed	to	walk
at	 the	 graduation	 ceremony.	 And	 we	 would	 be	 required	 to	 notify	 the	 colleges	 to
which	he’s	been	accepted	of	his	suspension.”
“He	just	got	into	Princeton,”	Kirk	said.
Walter	nodded	and	said	yes,	he	was	aware.	He	then	added	his	congratulations.
“Thank	you,”	Kirk	and	Finch	said	in	unison.	Kirk	added,	“So	then	what?”
“I’m	not	sure	what	you	mean.”
“I	mean,	regarding	Princeton?”	Kirk	asked.

Mr.	 Quarterman	 raised	 his	 palms	 and	 shrugged,	 looking	 conspicuously
indifferent.	 “How	 Princeton	 handles	 the	 news	 of	 Finch’s	 suspension	 would	 be
entirely	up	to	them.”
Finch’s	eyes	widened.	“Could	they	un-accept	me?”
“Revoke	your	acceptance?”	Walter	said.	“Of	course	they	could.	They’re	a	private
institution,	just	as	we	are.	They	can	do	as	they	see	fit	under	the	circumstances.”
“Wow,”	Finch	said	under	his	breath.
“Yes,”	Walter	said.	“So	as	you	see…there	could	be	very	serious	ramifications.”
“Oh,	 for	 God’s	 sake!”	 Kirk	 shouted.	 “For	 a	 thirty-second	 lapse	 of	 judgment	 he
could	lose	eighteen	years	of	hard	work?”
“Kirk,”	 Walter	 said,	 his	 voice	 and	 posture	 growing	 subtly	 more	 imposing.	 “We
don’t	know	the	outcome	of	this	yet.	And	we	also	don’t	know	what	Princeton	would
do	if	Finch	were	suspended.	However,	I’m	sure	you	understand	the	seriousness	of
that	picture,	as	well	as	the	racist	nature	of	your	son’s	words.”
There	it	was.	The	R	word.	I’d	said	it	myself—and	aloud	to	Kirk	and	Finch—but	it
was	so	much	worse	hearing	it	from	another.	My	eyes	welled	up.
Kirk	 took	 a	 deep	 breath,	 as	 if	 regrouping.	 “Okay.	 Well,	 is	 there	 any	 way	 to
handle	this	privately?	Our	son’s	entire	future	is	at	stake	here,	Walt.”
“The	 Honor	 Council	 is	 private.	 All	 proceedings	 would	 remain	 completely
confidential.”
“Right.	But	I	mean…privately	privately?”
“You	mean	avoid	the	Honor	Council	altogether?”	Walter	said,	raising	his	brow.
“Yes.	I	mean…what	if	we	talked	to	the	girl’s	parents?”
Walter	began	to	answer,	then	stopped,	then	started	again.	“Calling	Lyla’s	father
is	 up	 to	 you,”	 he	 said.	 “I’m	 not	 sure	 that	 would	 change	 anything….But	 in	 my
experience,	 sincere	 apologies	 never	 hurt	 in	 these	 kinds	 of	 situations…in	 life,
generally.”
In	that	moment,	I	could	tell	that	Kirk	had	just	detected	a	path	to	getting	his	way.
I	 knew	 the	 expression	 well—the	 glimmer	 in	 his	 eyes,	 the	 way	 his	 face	 sort	 of
relaxed.	“Okay,	then,”	he	said,	rubbing	his	palms	together.	“We’ll	call	her	parents
—and	take	it	from	here.”
Walter	 nodded,	 looking	 apprehensive	 at	 best.	 “She	 lives	 with	 her	 father,”	 he
said.
“Okay.	I	assume	his	number’s	in	the	directory?”	Kirk	asked,	shifting	in	his	seat,
glancing	at	his	watch.
“It	is,”	Walter	replied.
I	struggled	to	think	of	something	meaningful	to	say,	something	to	offset	Kirk’s

sudden	cavalier	tone,	but	he	seemed	to	be	on	a	roll	I	couldn’t	curtail.
“Okay,	 great,”	 he	 said,	 standing	 abruptly.	 “Well,	 I	 hate	 to	 dash	 like	 this,	 but	 I
have	a	flight	to	catch.	I’ve	already	pushed	it	back	once	today	for	this.”
“I’m	sorry	you	had	to	change	your	travel	plans,”	Walter	said,	not	sounding	the
slightest	bit	sorry.
The	two	of	us	stood	as	Kirk	said,	“No	worries.	Not	a	problem	at	all.”
“Good.	 Well,	 then.	 Thank	 you	 all	 for	 coming,”	 Walter	 said,	 shaking	 my	 hand,
then	 Kirk’s.	 Finally,	 he	 turned	 to	 Finch	 and	 said,	 “Okay,	 young	 man.	 You	 may
return	to	class.”
“Yes,	sir,”	Finch	said,	getting	to	his	feet.	He	glanced	at	his	father,	then	stood	up
a	little	straighter.
“Anything	else	you	want	to	say	here,	son?”	Kirk	prodded	him.
Finch	 nodded,	 took	 a	 deep	 breath,	 then	 shifted	 his	 gaze	 from	 his	 father	 to
Walter.	 “I	 just	 want	 to	 say…that	 I’m	 very	 sorry,	 again,	 for	 all	 the	 trouble	 I’ve
caused,	and	I’m	ready	to	take	the	consequences,	whatever	they	may	be.”
His	 words	 sounded	 sincere,	 and	 I	 had	 to	 believe	 that	 he	 was	 genuinely
remorseful.	After	all,	he	was	my	son.	He	just	had	to	be	sorry.
But	 as	 Walter	 nodded	 and	 patted	 him	 once	 on	 the	 back,	 I	 caught	 a	 glint	 of
determination	in	Finch’s	eyes.	Something	that	channeled	his	father	and	made	me
shiver	a	little	inside.

I

t	was	official.	I	hated	my	life.	Like	literally	everything	about	it.	I	mean,	I	knew	it
could	be	way	worse.	I	could	be	homeless	or	have	a	terminal	disease	or	live	in	a
country	 where	 militants	 throw	 acid	 on	 girls	 when	 they	 try	 to	 go	 to	 school.	 But
beyond	 those	 kinds	 of	 true	 tragedies,	 it	 was	 really	 hard	 to	 find	 anything	 to	 be
grateful	for	lately.
For	starters,	my	dad	had	busted	me	for	drinking	and	was	really	upset	and	angry
and	disappointed	in	me	(the	disappointed	part	hurt	the	worst).	Second,	there	was
a	photo	of	my	boob,	nipple	and	all,	being	passed	all	around	school.	But	I	probably
could	 have	 gotten	 over	 those	 two	 things.	 Because	 I	 knew	 Dad	 would	 eventually
forgive	me,	and	the	photo,	while	humiliating,	at	least	wasn’t	ugly.	It	was	actually
sort	of	artsy	and	cool,	even	though	I’d	never	have	admitted	that	to	anyone.	Even
my	best	friend,	Grace,	said	I	looked	good	in	it.	My	hair	was	arranged	perfectly	on
the	 bed.	 And	 my	 black	 slip	 dress	 was	 super	 cute,	 worth	 every	 dollar	 of	 my
babysitting	money.	Honestly,	the	shot	almost	looked	like	I	posed	for	it,	minus	the
nipple.	The	nipple	was	what	made	it	so	horrible.	And	the	caption	about	the	green
card,	 which	 was	 so	 rude	 to	 immigrants.	 It	 made	 me	 think	 of	 the	 Sayed	 family,
whose	backyard	abutted	ours	and	who	were	just	about	the	nicest	people	you	could
ever	 imagine.	 They’d	 actually	 become	 American	 citizens	 a	 couple	 years	 back	 (I
babysat	their	toddler	during	their	ceremony),	but	I	knew	they	still	got	anti-Muslim
you-don’t-belong-here	 type	 comments	 from	 a	 few	 losers	 in	 our	 neighborhood.
Mostly,	 though,	 we	 lived	 near	 really	 cool	 people—lots	 of	 artists	 and	 musicians—
people	who	would	never	say	something	so	offensive	and	bigoted.
So	yeah,	I	got	why	Dad	was	upset	about	the	nipple	and	caption.	I	did.	But	the
part	that	really	crushed	my	heart	was	that	Finch	Browning	was	responsible	for	it
all.	The	boy	I’d	been	obsessed	with	for	going	on	two	years.	Finch	was	a	popular
senior—way	 out	 of	 my	 league—and	 had	 a	 beautiful	 girlfriend	 named	 Polly,	 who
was	as	perfect	as	he	was.	In	other	words,	it	was	a	waste	of	time	for	me	to	like	him,
even	before	this	happened.	But	you	can’t	help	the	way	you	feel—and	my	feelings
were	real.	Grace,	who	is	very	protective	of	me,	sometimes	annoyingly	so,	tried	to
tell	me	that	it	was	just	a	stupid	crush.	After	all,	she	said,	I	didn’t	really	know	him.
But	I	felt	like	I	did	know	him,	that’s	how	closely	I	observed	him,	day	in	and	day
out.	I	knew,	for	example,	that	Finch	was	on	the	quiet,	serious	side	compared	to	the
other	 loud	 boys	 in	 his	 friend	 group,	 but	 he	 could	 be	 really	 funny	 in	 a	 sarcastic,

low-key	way.	I	knew	that	he	was	very	smart	and	in	all	honors	classes.	His	locker
was	insanely	organized,	and	the	inside	of	his	car	was	clean	and	neat	(I	may	have
peeked	in	it	a	time	or	two),	and	he	was	never	late	or	rushing	to	class	at	second	bell.
He	 had	 his	 shit	 together.	 Of	 course	 his	 executive	 functioning,	 as	 our	 guidance
counselors	called	it,	wasn’t	the	main	attraction.	As	is	often	the	case	with	a	crush,
there	 was	 just	 something	 about	 him	 that	 drew	 me	 to	 him.	 Something	 I	 couldn’t
put	my	finger	on.
Finch	 was	 just	 so,	 so	 cute.	 I	 loved	 his	 wavy	 blond	 hair	 and	 his	 deep	 blue	 eyes
and	the	confident	way	he	walked	and	how	hot	he	looked	in	his	basketball	uniform
(although	 he	 managed	 to	 look	 really	 good	 in	 his	 school	 uniform,	 too).	 Mostly,
though,	I	loved	the	way	he	looked	at	me.	I	remembered	the	first	time	he	ever	gave
me	that	look.	It	was	last	year,	on	about	the	third	day	of	school,	back	when	I	was
brand	new.	We	were	in	the	dining	hall,	both	of	us	putting	up	our	trays	after	lunch,
and	 he	 gave	 me	 a	 double	 take,	 followed	 by	 a	 slight	 smile.	 It	 melted	 me,	 and	 it
wasn’t	 the	 last	 time	 it	 happened.	 There	 was	 something	 undeniable	 between	 us—
something	that	wasn’t	one-sided.	A	little	charge	of	electricity.
About	 three	 months	 ago,	 when	 I’d	 finally	 admitted	 my	 feelings	 to	 Grace,	 and
told	 her	 about	 Finch’s	 ongoing	 eye	 contact	 with	 me,	 she	 tried	 to	 say	 that	 he	 was
just	flirty	that	way,	and	that	I	shouldn’t	get	my	hopes	up.	He	would	never	break	up
with	 Polly.	 But	 even	 she	 had	 to	 admit	 that	 it	 meant	 something	 when	 he	 started
following	 me	 on	 Instagram,	 going	 back	 and	 liking	 several	 of	 my	 older	 selfies.	 At
the	very	least,	we	agreed,	he	thought	I	was	pretty.
Then,	last	Friday,	we	got	the	invite	to	Beau’s	party.	Once	again,	we	were	in	the
dining	 hall,	 only	 this	 time	 Finch	 came	 up	 to	 me	 and	 Grace	 as	 we	 stood	 in	 the
salad-bar	line.
“Hey,”	he	said,	looking	right	at	me.
“Hey,”	I	said	back,	dying	inside.
“What’re	you	girls	doing	tomorrow	night?”	he	asked.
I	started	to	tell	him	the	truth,	which	was	absolutely	nothing,	but	Grace	gave	him
some	other	answer	about	various	options	we	had.
“Well,	Beau’s	having	a	few	people	over.	If	you	want	to	stop	by,	that’d	be	cool.”
“Yeah,	 we’ll	 try	 to	 swing	 by,”	 Grace	 said,	 as	 if	 we’d	 scored	 plenty	 of	 invites	 to
senior	parties.
I	followed	her	lead	and	said,	“Yeah.	We’ll	try,	for	sure.”
—
THE	 NEXT	 DAY,	 we	 continued	 to	 play	 it	 cool	 as	 we	 got	 ready	 for	 the	 party	 over
FaceTime,	 holding	 up	 various	 outfits	 while	 we	 strategized	 what	 I	 would	 tell	 my
dad.	 I	 certainly	 didn’t	 tell	 him	 about	 the	 party.	 Dad	 is	 stricter	 than	 her	 parents,
and	I	couldn’t	risk	that	he	might	tell	me	I	couldn’t	go,	or	God	forbid,	call	Beau’s

parents,	 who	 I	 felt	 fairly	 confident	 did	 not	 know	 about	 their	 son’s	 gathering.	 I’d
heard	plenty	of	rumors	about	how	much	Beau	got	away	with.
Predictably,	 I	 had	 some	 trouble	 getting	 out	 of	 the	 house,	 and	 I	 almost
overplayed	 my	 hand	 by	 telling	 Dad	 I	 was	 going	 to	 be	 studying.	 He	 totally	 called
bullshit	on	that	but	ultimately	let	me	go,	just	giving	his	usual	overprotective	spiel
about	being	careful.
And	I	was	careful.	At	first.	So	was	Grace.	We	only	had	one	drink	while	we	got
dressed	at	her	house—Chardonnay	that	we	drank	from	stemmed	glasses.	It	was	all
very	 grown-up	 and	 civilized,	 and	 we	 vowed	 that	 we	 wouldn’t	 get	 drunk	 or	 make
asses	out	of	ourselves.
But	then	we	got	to	Beau’s,	and	I	felt	so	nervous	and	giddy	in	Finch’s	company
outside	of	school	that	I	sort	of	forgot	my	promise	to	myself	and	started	downing
Jack	and	Cokes.
At	one	point,	Grace	and	I	stood	in	the	kitchen,	covertly	watching	Finch	and	his
friends	across	the	room,	cracking	up	and	ripping	on	each	other	while	they	played	a
variation	 of	 Uno	 as	 a	 drinking	 game.	 Every	 few	 minutes,	 Polly	 would	 come	 over
and	sit	on	the	arm	of	his	chair,	leaning	down	to	whisper	something	in	his	ear	or
rub	 his	 neck.	 She	 was	 wearing	 a	 light	 denim	 miniskirt,	 a	 white	 tank	 top,	 and
gladiator	 sandals,	 the	 straps	 winding	 halfway	 up	 her	 long,	 thin	 calves.	 Her
strawberry-blond	 hair	 was	 in	 a	 loose	 French	 braid,	 and	 she	 wore	 turquoise
earrings	and	a	leather	choker.	I	was	so	jealous	of	her	that	it	hurt—literally	gave	me
chest	pains—and	I	told	Grace	I	wanted	to	leave.	Then	I	caught	Finch	looking	over
at	me.	He	smiled,	and	I	smiled	back.	Grace	saw	it,	too,	and	actually	got	excited	for
me.	“Oh	my	God,”	she	said.	“He’s	flirting	with	you	right	in	front	of	Polly!”
“I	know,”	I	said,	still	making	eye	contact	with	him,	my	heart	racing.
A	few	minutes	later,	after	Polly	had	sucked	Finch	into	some	kind	of	side	drama,
Grace	 and	 I	 went	 upstairs	 and	 joined	 a	 few	 random	 people	 who	 were	 chilling	 in
Beau’s	 bedroom,	 vaping	 and	 listening	 to	 stoner	 music.	 We	 took	 a	 couple	 of	 hits,
and	 also	 drank	 a	 beer	 from	 the	 stash	 in	 Beau’s	 bathtub,	 but	 Grace	 eventually
declared	 the	 mood	 “way	 too	 mellow”	 and	 went	 back	 downstairs.	 Feeling	 a	 little
dizzy	and	tired,	I	told	her	I	was	going	to	stay	put	for	a	bit,	then	curled	up	on	Beau’s
bed	so	that	I	could	close	my	eyes	for	a	few	seconds.	Grace	said	okay	and	promised
to	be	right	back.	And	that’s	the	last	thing	I	really	remember	before	I	dozed	off.
The	next	thing	I	knew	I	was	on	my	bathroom	floor,	puking	and	crying	next	to
my	dad.

A

ll	the	following	night,	Lyla	continued	to	beg	me	not	to,	in	her	words,	“narc	on
Finch.”	She	threw	out	every	rationale	imaginable.	That	I	was	blowing	things
out	of	proportion.	That	Finch	was	usually	a	nice	guy	and	did	we	really	want	to	ruin
his	 future?	 (Um,	 yes,	 I	 did.)	 That	 if	 I	 “made	 a	 big	 deal	 out	 of	 it,”	 it	 would	 only
mean	 more	 eyes	 on	 the	 photo,	 and	 she	 might	 even	 end	 up	 getting	 in	 trouble	 for
drinking	 at	 the	 party.	 (Her	 most	 solid	 points,	 but	 risks	 I	 was	 willing	 to	 take	 in
exchange	for	simple	justice.)
I	 pretended	 to	 give	 it	 some	 thought,	 vacillating	 for	 a	 second	 or	 two	 here	 and
there,	but	on	Monday	morning,	when	we	pulled	into	the	circular	driveway	in	front
of	her	school	filled	with	all	those	entitled	rich	kids,	I	knew	there	was	no	way	in	hell
I	could	just	drop	it.	What	kind	of	message	about	her	self-worth	would	that	send	to
her?
“Have	a	great	day,	Dad,”	Lyla	said,	getting	out	of	the	car,	pleading	with	her	eyes.
“You,	too,	honey,”	I	said,	looking	away.
She	continued	to	stare	at	me,	then	said	under	her	breath,	“Please	don’t	call	the
school	today,	Dad.”
“I	love	you,”	I	said	in	response.
“Love	you,	too,	Dad,”	she	said,	closing	the	door.	I	watched	her	walk	a	few	steps
before	I	drove	away,	feeling	nauseated.
After	her	drop-off,	I	drove	to	my	workshop,	but	I	remained	in	my	car	as	I	looked
up	 the	 number	 for	 Windsor’s	 headmaster.	 Lyla	 referred	 to	 him	 as	 Mr.	 Q	 and
seemed	to	indicate	that	she	liked	him,	but	the	few	times	I’d	met	him,	I’d	gotten	an
intellectual,	elitist	vibe.	So	I	braced	myself	for	the	worst-case	scenario	as	I	entered
his	number	on	my	phone.	I	couldn’t	imagine	him	outright	siding	with	Finch,	but	I
know	the	way	the	world	works.	For	one,	birds	of	a	feather.	For	another,	guys	like
Finch	 always	 get	 away	 with	 things—and	 a	 lifetime	 accumulation	 of	 no
consequences	was	how	we	probably	got	to	this	point.
My	 jaw	 clenched	 as	 I	 listened	 to	 the	 sound	 of	 his	 phone	 ringing.	 A	 woman
answered.	“Mr.	Quarterman’s	office,”	she	said.
“Is	he	there,	please?”	I	said.

She	informed	me	that	Mr.	Quarterman	was	in	a	meeting,	then	asked	if	she	could
take	a	message.
“Yes.	You	can,”	I	said	tersely.	“This	is	Tom	Volpe.	I’m	Lyla	Volpe’s	father.	She’s
a	sophomore.”
“Okaaay.	And	this	is…regarding…?”	she	said.
I	bristled.	To	be	fair,	this	woman	had	no	way	of	knowing	that	I	was	calling	about
a	serious	matter.	But	her	blasé	tone	still	annoyed	me.	I	took	a	breath,	then	said,
“This	 is	 regarding	 an	 offensive	 photo	 of	 my	 daughter	 taken	 by	 another	 Windsor
student.”
“I	beg	your	pardon?”	she	said,	as	if	I’d	just	offended	her.
My	blood	pressure	starting	to	soar,	I	talked	with	exaggerated	slowness.	“One	of
Windsor’s	 students…a	 boy	 by	 the	 name	 of	 Finch	Browning,	 took	 a	 photo	 of	 my
daughter,	Lyla,	at	a	party	over	the	weekend….She	was	asleep,	and	her	breast	was
exposed,”	 I	 said.	 “He	 then	 proceeded	 to	 give	 the	 photo	 a	 racist	 caption	 before
sending	 it	 along	 to	 his	 buddies.	 I	 am	 beyond	 livid	 and	 would	 like	 to	 discuss	 this
matter	with	Walter	Quarterman.	Today.”
“Yes.	Yes,	of	course,	Mr.	Volpe,”	she	said,	her	whole	tone	changing	into	one	of
grave	concern.	“Let	me	track	him	down	right	away.	What	number	is	best	for	you?”
I	gave	her	my	cell,	then	hung	up	without	saying	goodbye.
Within	moments,	my	phone	rang.
“Hello.	This	is	Tom,”	I	said.
“Mr.	Volpe?”
“Yes.”
“This	 is	 Walter	 Quarterman.	 Returning	 your	 call.”	 His	 voice	 was	 softer	 than	 I
remembered	from	his	school	persona,	almost	in	the	category	of	gentle.	It	disarmed
me	 but	 not	 enough	 to	 offer	 any	 niceties.	 Instead,	 I	 got	 right	 down	 to	 business,
telling	the	whole	story	and	sparing	no	details,	including	the	fact	that	Lyla	had	been
consuming	 alcohol.	 He	 did	 not	 interrupt	 once	 and	 waited	 until	 I	 was	 completely
finished	 before	 he	 told	 me	 he	 had	 actually	 already	 seen	 the	 photograph,	 that
another	parent	had	sent	it	to	him	over	the	weekend.
I	 felt	 a	 strange	 mix	 of	 relief	 and	 rage.	 I	 was	 glad	 he	 had	 seen	 it—it	 was	 very
difficult	to	capture	the	essence	of	the	offensive	image	with	mere	words.	But	I	was
incrementally	 more	 pissed	 that	 he,	 and	 others,	 had	 seen	 my	 little	 girl	 in	 such	 a
state.	And	why	hadn’t	he	called	me	first?
“And	you	saw	his	caption,	too?”	I	asked.
“Yes,”	he	said.	“It	was	appalling.	I’m	so	sorry.”
I	eased	up	just	a	bit	as	he	went	on	to	tell	me	he’d	already	made	a	call	to	Finch’s

parents.	 “I	 can	 assure	 you	 that	 we	 will	 get	 to	 the	 bottom	 of	 this,	 and	 address	 it
appropriately.”	He	spoke	calmly	but	not	condescendingly.
“Thank	you,”	I	said.
“I	 do	 need	 to	 inform	 you	 of	 one	 thing,	 Mr.	 Volpe,”	 he	 said.	 “I	 hesitate	 to	 even
bring	this	up,	because	it’s	so	ancillary	to	the	issue	at	hand,	but	are	you	aware	that
drinking,	even	off	campus,	is	against	Windsor’s	Code	of	Conduct?”
“Yes,”	 I	 said,	 although	 I’d	 done	 a	 little	 research	 last	 night	 and	 knew	 from
reading	 the	 online	 Windsor	 handbook	 that	 there	 was	 no	 formal	 punishment	 for
the	 first	 documented	 use	 of	 drugs	 or	 alcohol,	 simply	 a	 warning	 that	 went	 into	 a
student’s	file.	This	was	Lyla’s	first	offense	and,	in	my	mind,	would	only	reinforce
our	 discussion	 about	 drinking	 and	 serve	 as	 a	 deterrent	 for	 the	 future.	 I	 said	 as
much	 to	 Quarterman,	 then	 added,	 “I	 want	 you	 to	 know	 I	 take	 drinking	 very
seriously.”
“Thank	 you,”	 he	 said.	 “You’d	 be	 surprised,	 Tom,	 that	 many	 parents	 really	 do
not….It	makes	things	much	more	difficult	when	students	are	getting	mixed	signals
from	the	adults	in	their	lives.”
“Yes,”	I	said.	I	hesitated,	then	added,	“Lyla’s	mother	is	an	alcoholic.”
“I’m	sorry,”	he	said,	actually	sounding	sorry.
“It’s	 fine,”	 I	 said.	 “She’s	 not	 in	 our	 lives….It’s	 just…part	 of	 my	 daughter’s
medical	history….That’s	why	I	mention	it.”
“Of	course.”
“And	 as	 a	 result	 of	 her	 drinking,	 you	 should	 be	 aware	 that	 my	 daughter	 was
passed	out	when	that	photo	was	taken	of	her.	It	wasn’t	as	if	she	posed	for	it….She
was	unconscious…completely	vulnerable.”
“I	know,	Tom.”
“In	 some	 ways,	 the	 caption	 actually	 upsets	 me	 more	 than	 the	 photo,”	 I	 said,
because	 if	 I	 was	 being	 painfully	 honest	 with	 myself,	 I	 could	 imagine	 taking	 a
similar	 shot	 when	 I	 was	 a	 dipshit	 teenager—if	 I’d	 grown	 up	 in	 a	 cellphone
generation,	had	a	buzz,	and	seen	a	girl	with	her	boob	hanging	out	of	her	dress.	The
caption,	 though,	 was	 a	 different	 story	 altogether.	 It	 was	 not	 only	 ignorant—Lyla
was	as	American	as	the	boy	was—but	also	offensive.	“It	was	way	out	of	line.”
“I	agree	one	hundred	percent.”
“He	needs	to	be	punished.”
“Yes.	And	it	is	very	likely	that	he	will	be.”
It	was	the	first	red	flag	in	the	conversation,	and	I	could	feel	my	usual	cynicism
kicking	in	along	with	a	dose	of	self-loathing	for	letting	him	manipulate	me	this	far
into	our	conversation.	“Likely?”	I	said.	“I’m	sorry.	Why	is	there	any	question?	We
both	saw	the	photo.	We	both	read	the	caption.	There	seem	to	be	almost	no	facts	in

dispute	here.”
“Yes,	 yes.	 I	 understand,	 Tom,”	 he	 said.	 “But	 we	 have	 a	 process….We	 need	 to
hear	his	side	of	the	story,	whatever	that	is.	We	need	to	trust	the	process	and	allow
him	a	defense.”
“There’s	no	defense	for	what	that	boy	did	to	Lyla.”
“I	 agree.	 But	 we	 still	 have	 to	 get	 all	 the	 facts….And	 putting	 Finch	 aside	 for	 a
moment,	I	just…”	He	paused.	“I	just	want	you	to	understand	there	could	be	some
unpleasant	implications	for	Lyla	as	all	of	this	unfolds	over	the	next	few	days	and
weeks.”
“You	mean	the	warning	about	drinking	that’ll	go	in	her	file?”	I	asked,	wondering
if	I’d	read	the	handbook	incorrectly.	I	told	myself	that	it	didn’t	matter.	I	had	to	do
this.
“No….Well,	 I	 mean	 yes,	 there	 is	 that.	 But	 I’m	 referring	 to	 the	 greater,
unavoidable	 practical	 repercussions.	 For	 Lyla.	 Unfortunately	 and	 very	 unfairly,
there	sometimes	are	some	of	those.”
“Repercussions?	Such	as	what?”	I	said.	“Are	we	talking	social	ramifications?”
“Yes.	From	the	other	students.	Her	classmates,”	Quarterman	said,	clearing	his
throat.	“It	isn’t	right—but	there	could	be	some	backlash.	It	has	happened	before.”
“Are	you	saying	Finch	is	some	big	man	on	campus?	And	it	might	damage	Lyla’s
popularity?”	I	said,	my	voice	rising	as	I	got	worked	up	again.
“Well,	 I’m	 not	 sure	 I’d	 phrase	 it	 like	 that.	 But	 yes,	 it	 could	 create	 some	 tricky
terrain	for	Lyla.	And	it	will	certainly	add	fuel	to	the	fire	with	respect	to	the	photo.
Is	that	something	that	you	and	your	daughter	are	prepared	to	deal	with?”
“Yes,”	 I	 said.	 “For	 one	 thing,	 the	 photo	 is	 already	 out	 there.	 You	 know	 how
quickly	 these	 things	 spread.	 I’m	 sure	 the	 whole	 school	 has	 seen	 it	 already.	 For
another,	Lyla	made	a	mistake	by	drinking,	but	she	has	nothing	to	be	ashamed	of.
This	boy	is	the	one	who	should	be	ashamed.	This	image	says	way	more	about	him
than	her.	 That’s	 the	 message	 that	 I	 hope	 Windsor	 will	 send	 to	 the	 students	 and
parents	at	the	school	should	they	choose	to	insert	themselves.”
“I	hear	you,	Tom.	I	really	do,”	Mr.	Quarterman	said.	“And	believe	me,	I	am	most
certainly	not	trying	to	talk	you	out	of	anything.	Not	at	all.	I	want	you	to	know	that
we	are	here	to	support	Lyla….I	just	want	to	make	sure	you’re	ready	for	what	may
lie	ahead.”
For	one	beat,	I	pictured	my	daughter’s	pleading	eyes	and	tone	this	morning	and
found	 myself	 hesitating.	 Then	 I	 envisioned	 that	 photo	 again,	 coupled	 with	 those
casual,	cruel	words,	and	reassured	myself	that	I	was	doing	the	right	thing.
“Yes,”	I	said.	“I’m	ready.”
—

THAT	 AFTERNOON,	 WHEN	 I	 picked	 Lyla	 up	 from	 school,	 she	 would	 not	 look	 at	 me.
Before	 I	 could	 confess,	 she	 stared	 out	 the	 window	 and	 said,	 “Please	 tell	 me	 that
you	weren’t	the	reason	Finch’s	parents	were	at	school	today.”
I	pulled	away	from	the	curb	and	took	a	deep	breath	before	answering	her.	“I	did
call	Mr.	Quarterman,	Lyla.	But	he	had	already	seen	the	photo.”
“Wow,”	she	said,	one	of	her	favorite,	and	my	least	favorite,	declarations.	“Just
wow.”
“Lyla.	I	had	to—”
“Whatever,	Dad,”	she	said.	“Just	forget	it.	You	don’t	get	it.	It’s	not	even	worth
trying	to	explain	it	to	you.”
“I’m	not	sure	what	that	means,”	I	said.	“But	I’ll	tell	you	this—you	are	worth	it.
And	if	you	can’t	see	that,	I’ve	done	something	wrong.”
As	we	pulled	up	to	a	red	light,	I	turned	to	stare	at	her	profile,	but	she	refused	to
look	back	at	me.	I	could	tell	in	that	moment	that	she	had	completely	shut	down,
and	that	she	wouldn’t	be	talking	to	me	anytime	soon.	I	had	grown	accustomed	to
the	silent	treatment	over	the	past	year	or	so,	and	I	actually	didn’t	hate	her	tactic.	It
was	 better	 than	 fighting,	 and	 I	 found	 that	 after	 a	 little	 time,	 tensions	 eased	 and
things	generally	resolved	themselves.
So	I	left	her	alone	that	night,	letting	her	skip	dinner,	knowing	she’d	eventually
come	 out	 of	 her	 room	 if	 she	 got	 hungry	 enough.	 The	 next	 morning,	 too,	 I	 didn’t
press	her,	listening	to	the	news	on	the	way	to	school	rather	than	attempting	any
sort	of	conversation.
But	by	the	following	night,	when	she	still	wasn’t	talking	to	me	during	our	dinner
of	Chinese	takeout,	I	lost	it.	I	told	her	I’d	had	enough	of	her	sulking,	and	she	was
lucky	I	hadn’t	punished	her	for	the	drinking.
“Okay,	Dad,”	she	said,	looking	defiant.	“You	want	me	to	talk	to	you?”
“Yes,”	I	said.	“I	do.”
“Okay.	Well,	how	about	this?	I	hate	you.”
The	 words	 hit	 me	 in	 the	 gut,	 but	 I	 pretended	 not	 to	 be	 fazed.	 “You	 don’t	 hate
me,”	I	said,	through	a	bite	of	shrimp	fried	rice.
She	 placed	 her	 chopsticks	 down	 on	 her	 plate	 and	 glared	 at	 me.	 “I	 actually	 do
hate	you	right	now,	Dad.”
I	was	comforted	by	her	qualifier—right	now—and	told	her	she’d	get	over	it.
“No,	 I	 won’t.	 I	 can	 totally	 forgive	 you	 for	 what	 you	 did	 on	 my	 phone—even
though	 it	 was	 total	 bullshit.”	 She	 paused,	 clearly	 expecting	 me	 to	 object	 to	 her
language.	When	I	didn’t,	she	continued,	“But	I	will	never	forgive	you	for	this.	This
is	something	that	happened	to	me,	not	you.	I	asked	you—I	begged	you—not	to	get
involved.	Not	to	tell	the	school—”

“Mr.	Quarterman	already	knew,	Lyla,”	I	said.
“That’s	not	the	point.	I	asked	you	not	to	make	a	bigger	deal	out	of	everything…
but	you	did	anyway….And	now	you’ve	totally	ruined	my	life.”
I	told	her	to	stop	being	melodramatic.
“I’m	 not	 being	 melodramatic.	 Do	 you	 have	 any	 idea	 how	 much	 worse	 you’ve
made	 everything?”	 she	 said.	 “Stuff	 like	 this	 just	 happens	 in	 high	 school….People
take	stupid	pictures…and	then	it	just…goes	away.”
“A	picture	never	goes	away.”
“You	 know	 what	 I	 mean,	 Dad!	 People	 move	 on.	 You	 just	 guaranteed	 that	 they
don’t	move	on.	And	that	everyone	sees	it.	Everyone.	And	Finch	Browning	might
get	suspended!”
“Good.	I’m	glad	to	hear	that.	He	deserves	it.”
“What?	No,	Dad.	If	he’s	suspended,	he	might	not	be	able	to	go	to	Princeton.”
“Princeton?”	I	said,	disgusted.	“That	asshole	got	into	Princeton?”
“Oh	my	God,	Dad!”	she	shouted.	“You’re	missing	the	point—”
“No.	You	are,”	I	said,	thinking	she	looked	exactly	like	her	mother	right	now.	Her
eyes	always	reminded	me	of	Beatriz,	but	when	she	got	this	angry,	the	rest	of	her
face	 did,	 too.	 I	 blurted	 out	 the	 observation,	 instantly	 regretting	 it.	 There	 was
already	enough	going	on	without	throwing	that	into	the	mix.
“Funny	you	should	mention	Mom,”	she	said,	crossing	her	arms,	her	expression
becoming	defiant.
“And	why’s	that?”	I	said.
“Because	I’ve	been	talking	to	her	about	this…”
“Oh?”	 I	 said.	 “And	 how	 is	 your	 ol’	 momma	 doing	 these	 days?	 Recording	 any
albums?	Landing	any	plum	acting	roles?	Getting	married	for	the	third	time?”
“Yes.	Two	of	those	three,	actually,”	she	said.	“She’s	doing	great.	Really	great.”
“Terrific,”	I	said.	“Just	super.”
“Yes.	And	she	said	I	could	come	visit	her.”
“And	where	is	she	now?”	I	asked,	though	I	knew	she	was	back	in	Rio,	according
to	the	return	address	scrawled	on	the	Easter	card	still	displayed	in	Lyla’s	room.
“Brazil,”	Lyla	confirmed.
“Well.	You	don’t	have	a	passport.	And	I’m	not	funding	your	trip	to	Brazil.”
“I’m	working	on	the	passport.	And	Mom	said	she’d	buy	my	ticket.”
I	let	out	a	bitter	laugh.	“Oh	yeah?	How	nice	of	her.	Tell	her	while	she’s	at	it,	she’s
only	about	a	decade	behind	in	any	kind	of	financial	support.”	I	stood	and	carried

my	dishes	to	the	sink.
Lyla	said	nothing,	and	I	got	more	upset.
“Hey,	I’ve	got	a	great	idea!”	I	said,	returning	to	the	table.	“Why	don’t	you	go	live
with	your	mother	this	summer?	Since	your	life	is	so	ruined	here	and	you’ll	never
stop	hating	me?”
I	didn’t	mean	it—not	even	a	little—and	regretted	the	words	as	soon	as	they	were
out	of	my	mouth,	even	before	I	saw	the	hurt	in	Lyla’s	eyes.
“Great	 suggestion,	 Dad,”	 she	 said,	 nodding.	 “Thanks	 so	 much	 for	 your
permission.	I’ll	tell	Mom	that’s	what	I	want	to	do.”
“Fantastic,”	I	said,	storming	out	of	the	kitchen.	“Just	do	the	dishes	first.	I’m	sick
and	tired	of	doing	everything	around	here.”

“H

ow’d	 you	 think	 that	 went?”	 Kirk	 asked	 under	 his	 breath	 as	 we	 walked
toward	the	parking	lot	following	our	meeting	with	Walter.

“Awful,”	 I	 said,	 though	 that	 word	 wasn’t	 nearly	 strong	 enough	 to	 describe	 my
profound	disappointment	verging	on	devastation.
“Yeah.	He’s	pompous	as	hell.	Condescending	and	superior…typical	liberal,”	Kirk
muttered,	walking	more	briskly.
“What?”	 I	 said,	 though	 after	 that	 performance,	 nothing	 should	 have	 surprised
me	anymore.
“Walt,”	he	said.	“He’s	brutal.”
I	quickened	my	pace	to	keep	up	with	Kirk’s	long,	angry	stride.	“It’s	Walter.	Not
Walt.”
“Whatever.”
“And	Walter’s	not	on	trial	here.	Finch	is.”
“Not	yet	he’s	not,”	Kirk	said	as	we	reached	our	cars.
“But	he	will	be	on	trial….I	think	that’s	pretty	clear,”	I	said,	opening	my	door.	I
tossed	my	purse	into	the	passenger	seat	before	squaring	my	shoulders	and	looking
into	my	husband’s	eyes.
“Yeah,”	 Kirk	 said.	 “And	 it’s	 bullshit.	 Quarterman’s	 already	 made	 his	 mind	 up
about	 everything.	 As	 the	 headmaster,	 he	 should	 stay	 neutral.	 Finch	 is	 one	 of	 his
students,	too.	And	he’s	a	lifer.”
Lifer	was	the	term	given	to	kids	who	had	been	at	Windsor	since	kindergarten—
as	opposed	to	those	who	joined	in	middle	school	or	high	school.	I’d	always	been
happy	Finch	had	been	among	that	group,	if	only	for	the	sake	of	continuity,	but	I
cringed	at	hearing	it	in	this	context.	The	implication	was	clear—Finch	belonged	at
Windsor	more	than	Lyla,	and	therefore	was	entitled	to	preferential	treatment.
“Yes.	But	he	has	no	defense.	Zero,”	I	said.	“I	think	that	was	abundantly	clear	in
there.”
“Fine,	 Nina,”	 Kirk	 said.	 “He	 has	 no	 defense.	 But	 he’s	 confessed	 and	 he’s
apologized.	 And	 this	 just	 isn’t	 suspension	 worthy.	 Not	 after	 years	 of	 perfect

behavior.	It	was	one	stupid	mistake.”
“I	think	others	will	beg	to	differ,”	I	said,	wondering	what	he	thought	qualified	as
“suspension	 worthy.”	 In	 my	 mind,	 this	 was	 worse	 than	 cheating	 on	 a	 test,	 or
drinking	 on	 school	 property,	 or	 getting	 in	 a	 fistfight,	 all	 of	 which	 resulted	 in
suspension.	“And	it’s	not	up	to	us.	It’s	up	to	Windsor.”
“Well,	I’m	not	going	to	let	Finch’s	fate	end	up	in	the	hands	of	a	few	leftist	wingnut	academics.”
I	bit	my	lip,	then	lowered	myself	into	the	car.	I	could	feel	my	husband’s	stare—
and	it	felt	like	a	dare	to	reply.
“I	don’t	think	you	have	a	choice	here,”	I	finally	said,	glancing	up	at	him.
It	 was	 a	 foreign	 concept	 to	 Kirk—that	 something	 would	 actually	 be	 out	 of	 his
control—and	although	in	the	past	I’d	found	this	quality	attractive,	it	now	filled	me
with	 disdain	 bordering	 on	 disgust.	 I	 tried	 to	 pull	 my	 door	 shut,	 but	 Kirk	 held	 it
open	with	his	hand.
“Just	do	me	a	favor,”	he	said.
I	raised	my	eyebrows,	waiting.
“Don’t	do	anything….Don’t	talk	to	anyone.	Not	even	Melanie.”
“Melanie	already	knows	everything	going	on,”	I	said,	thinking	of	the	half	dozen
phone	 conversations	 we’d	 had	 since	 Saturday	 night.	 I	 think	 part	 of	 her	 felt
culpable	and	worried	that	there	might	be	some	fallout	or	punishment	for	her	son.
After	all,	Beau	had	hosted	the	party,	and	she	and	Todd	had,	perhaps	unwittingly,
supplied	the	booze.
“Yes,	but	she	doesn’t	know	about	this	conversation	we	just	had,	does	she?”
“No,”	I	said.	“But	I’m	sure	she’ll	call	and	ask.”
“Okay.	Let	her	ask.	But	just	keep	the	details	on	the	down	low….Let	me	handle
this	for	now.”
I	 almost	 asked	 what	 “handling	 this”	 entailed,	 but	 I	 felt	 pretty	 sure	 I	 already
knew.	Over	the	next	twenty-four	hours,	I	imagined	that	Kirk	would	call	his	lawyer
buddies,	lining	up	a	defense	should	things	not	go	his	way	sooner.	He’d	then	place
a	 call	 to	 Lyla’s	 father,	 ask	 to	 meet	 with	 him	 “man	 to	 man.”	 He	 would	 get	 the
meeting—and	 then	 would	 find	 a	 way	 to	 convince	 this	 man	 to	 just	 “let	 it	 all	 go.”
That	this	result	would	be	in	“everyone’s	best	interest.”
—
I	RETURNED	ABOUT	 twenty	minutes	later	to	an	unusually	quiet	house.	On	any	given
day,	 there	 were	 often	 people	 milling	 about	 our	 home	 and	 property.	 Landscapers
and	repairmen;	pool	boys	and	Pilates	instructors;	our	occasional	chef,	Troy;	and	at
the	 very	 least,	 Juana,	 our	 full-time	 housekeeper,	 who	 had	 been	 with	 us	 forever,

even	when	we	lived	in	our	old	house	in	Belmont	and	she	only	came	once	a	week.
But	 that	 afternoon,	 nobody	 was	 there,	 and	 I	 had	 over	 an	 hour	 to	 kill	 before
Finch	got	home	from	school.	The	rare	solitude	filled	me	with	simultaneous	relief
and	panic.	I	put	my	bag	down	in	the	kitchen	and	considered	making	myself	lunch,
but	 I	 had	 no	 appetite.	 So	 I	 went	 to	 my	 office,	 designed	 as	 the	 “servants’	 room”
back	 when	 the	 house	 was	 built	 in	 the	 twenties.	 It	 was	 where	 I	 worked	 on	 my
charities,	answered	emails,	and	did	my	online	shopping.
I	 sat	 down	 at	 the	 built-in	 desk,	 gazing	 out	 the	 window	 onto	 the	 sun-drenched
courtyard	lined	with	boxwoods	and	blue	hydrangeas.	The	view	was	beautiful,	and
it	 usually	 put	 me	 in	 a	 cheerful	 mood,	 especially	 this	 time	 of	 year.	 But	 now
something	about	it	pained	me.
I	 lowered	 the	 roman	 shades	 and	 stared	 down	 at	 my	 desk,	 searching	 for	 a
distraction.	 Still	 a	 paper-calendar	 girl,	 I	 flipped	 open	 my	 planner	 for	 at	 least	 the
third	 time	 that	 day,	 though	 I	 already	 knew	 nothing	 was	 on	 my	 schedule	 this
evening—almost	 as	 unusual	 as	 our	 empty	 house.	 I	 closed	 the	 leather	 book,	 then
eyed	a	box	of	stationery,	contemplating	writing	an	overdue	thank-you	note	and	an
even	longer-overdue	note	of	sympathy.	I	couldn’t	muster	the	energy	for	either,	so	I
got	 up	 and	 began	 to	 pace	 aimlessly	 around	 the	 house.	 Every	 room	 was	 neat,
pristine,	clutter-free.	The	hardwood	floors	shone.	Throw	pillows	were	fluffed	and
perfectly	 arranged.	 Orchids	 were	 in	 full	 bloom	 on	 three	 coffee	 tables	 in	 three
different	 rooms.	 I	 made	 a	 mental	 note	 to	 thank	 Juana—something	 I	 didn’t	 do
enough—for	 her	 work	 and	 attention	 to	 detail.	 Our	 home	 was	 nothing	 short	 of
exquisite.
But	 as	 with	 the	 view	 from	 my	 office	 window,	 the	 beauty	 inside	 our	 home	 only
unsettled	 me	 further.	 It	 suddenly	 felt	 like	 a	 farce,	 and	 as	 I	 passed	 through	 the
butler’s	 pantry,	 I	 had	 the	 urge	 to	 grab	 a	 piece	 of	 crystal	 from	 the	 lit	 shelves	 and
smash	 it	 against	 the	 marble	 countertop,	 the	 way	 people	 did	 in	 the	 movies	 when
they	 were	 really	 upset.	 In	 real	 life,	 though,	 I	 knew	 the	 satisfaction	 wouldn’t
approach	 the	 effort	 required	 to	 clean	 it	 up.	 Not	 to	 mention	 the	 possible	 risk	 of
cutting	 myself.	 Then	 again,	 a	 trip	 to	 the	 emergency	 room	 might	 be	 a	 nice
diversion,	I	thought,	reaching	up	to	touch	a	wine	goblet.
“Don’t	 be	 stupid,”	 I	 said	 aloud,	 dropping	 my	 hand	 to	 my	 side.	 I	 turned	 and
made	my	way	down	the	hallway	toward	the	master	suite,	which	had	been	added	to
the	house	sometime	in	the	nineties.	I	looked	around,	my	eyes	settling	on	a	whitevelvet	chaise	longue	I’d	had	shipped	from	a	Deco	furniture	store	in	Miami.	It	had
been	a	splurge—too	much	to	spend	on	one	chair	no	matter	what	name	it	was	given
—but	 I’d	 told	 myself	 I	 would	 use	 it	 often,	 meditate	 or	 read	 there	 every	 morning.
Unfortunately,	that	seldom	seemed	to	happen.	I	was	always	too	busy.	But	I	walked
over	 and	 sat	 on	 it	 now,	 thinking	 of	 Kirk,	 wondering	 about	 his	 character.	 How
could	 he	 so	 easily	 gloss	 over	 what	 Finch	 had	 done	 to	 Lyla?	 Had	 he	 always	 been
this	 way?	 I	 really	 didn’t	 think	 so,	 but	 if	 he	 hadn’t,	 when	 did	 he	 change?	 Why
hadn’t	I	noticed?	What	else	was	I	missing?

I	 thought	 about	 how	 often	 my	 husband	 traveled	 and	 how	 seldom	 we	 were
intimate	these	days.	I	had	no	real	reason	to	think	that	he’d	ever	been	unfaithful,
and	frankly	he	seemed	to	be	too	into	his	work	to	bother	with	an	affair.	But	I	still
put	 the	 fidelity	 odds	 at	 only	 about	 eighty–twenty,	 then	 mentally	 lowered	 that	 to
seventy–thirty,	perhaps	a	by-product	of	having	a	best	friend	who	practiced	divorce
law.
It	had	been	a	few	days	since	Julie	and	I	had	communicated	even	by	text,	a	long
stretch	 for	 us,	 and	 I	 had	 to	 admit	 that	 I’d	 been	 avoiding	 her,	 at	 least	 on	 a
subconscious	level.	I	dreaded	telling	her	what	Finch	had	done.	It	wasn’t	that	she
was	 holier	 than	 thou.	 In	 some	 ways,	 though	 she	 had	 very	 high	 moral	 standards,
she	 was	 actually	 the	 least	 judgmental	 person	 I	 knew.	 But	 ever	 since	 the	 seventh
grade,	she’d	always	given	it	to	me	straight.	It	had	caused	a	few	arguments	over	the
years,	as	sometimes	she	hurt	my	feelings	with	her	bluntness.	But	I	cherished	our
filterless	relationship	and	considered	it	the	truest	measure	of	a	best	friend,	greater
than	 pure	 affection.	 Who	 was	 the	 person	 you	 trusted	 enough	 to	 be	 your	 most
transparent	self	with,	in	both	good	times	and	bad?	For	me,	that	person	had	always
been	Julie.
So,	 just	 as	 I’d	 called	 to	 tell	 her	 about	 Princeton,	 feeling	 confident	 that	 there
would	 be	 no	 element	 of	 competitiveness	 or	 resentment	 in	 her	 reaction,	 I	 knew	 I
could	trust	Julie	with	this.	I	found	my	phone	in	the	kitchen,	returned	to	my	chair,
and	dialed	her	number.
Julie	answered	on	a	late	ring,	sounding	breathless,	as	if	she’d	just	run	up	a	few
flights	of	stairs—or	more	likely,	down	the	hall	of	her	small	law	firm.
“Hey.	 Can	 you	 talk?”	 I	 asked,	 part	 of	 me	 hoping	 she	 couldn’t,	 having	 sudden
second	thoughts	about	sharing	everything	when	I	was	already	so	drained.
“Yeah,”	she	said.	“I	was	just	reviewing	a	PI	report.	It’s	a	doozy.”
“Your	PI?”	I	asked
“Unfortunately,	no.	The	other	side,”	she	said	with	a	sigh.	“I’m	representing	the
wife.”
“Do	I	know	her?”	I	asked,	though	I	knew	confidentiality	would	prevent	her	from
sharing	anything	specific.
“Doubt	it.	She’s	younger	than	we	are.	In	her	mid-thirties…Anyway,	she	thought
it	 was	 an	 excellent	 idea	 to	 make	 out	 with	 her	 also-married	 boyfriend	 in	 the
Walmart	parking	lot.”
“Oh	 my	 God.	 Are	 the	 pictures…clear?”	 I	 asked,	 partly	 stalling,	 partly	 taking
bizarre	solace	in	the	fact	that	my	life	wasn’t	the	only	one	in	turmoil.
“Yep,”	she	said.	“Great	camera.”
I	took	a	deep	breath	and	said,	“Oh	no.	Well,	speaking	of	scandalous	photos…I
have	something	to	tell	you.”

“Uh-oh,”	she	said.	“What’s	up?”
“It’s	 about	 Finch,”	 I	 said,	 my	 stomach	 cramping	 and	 head	 pounding.	 “Are	 you
sure	you	have	time	for	this	now?	It’s	sort	of	a	long	story….”
“Yeah.	I	have	a	few	minutes,”	she	said.	“Hold	on.	Lemme	close	my	door.”
A	few	seconds	later,	she	returned	and	said,	“So	what	happened?”
I	 cleared	 my	 throat	 and	 told	 her	 the	 story,	 beginning	 with	 Kathie	 showing	 me
the	picture	in	the	ladies’	room	and	ending	with	the	conversation	I’d	just	had	with
Kirk	 in	 the	 Windsor	 parking	 lot.	 She	 interrupted	 a	 few	 times,	 but	 only	 to	 ask
questions,	 in	 her	 fact-gathering,	 lawyer	 mode.	 When	 I	 finished,	 she	 said,	 “Okay.
Hang	up	and	send	me	the	picture.”
“Why?”	I	asked,	thinking	that	I	had	been	fairly	explicit	about	the	image	already.
“I	need	to	see	it,”	she	said.	“To	fully	gauge	the	situation.	Just	send	it,	okay?”
The	 request,	 along	 with	 her	 tone	 of	 voice,	 was	 bossy	 and	 borderline	 abrasive,
but	also	strangely	comforting.	Julie	had	always	been	the	take-charge	alpha	dog	in
our	friendship	and	was	unusually	good	in	a	crisis.
So	I	did	as	I	was	told,	hanging	up,	then	staring	at	the	image	while	I	waited	for
her	to	receive	it.	It	took	her	a	sickeningly	long	time	to	call	back,	and	I	wondered	if
the	 photo	 hadn’t	 gone	 through	 or	 whether	 she	 just	 needed	 that	 much	 time	 to
process	it.	The	phone	finally	rang.
“Okay.	I	saw	it,”	she	said	when	I	answered.
“And?”	I	asked,	bracing	myself.
“And	it’s	really	bad,	Nina.”
“I	 know.”	 My	 eyes	 welled	 up,	 though	 I	 wasn’t	 sure	 whether	 I	 was	 more
embarrassed	or	just	plain	sad.
Silence	waited	on	the	other	end	of	the	line—which	was	unusual	for	the	two	of	us,
at	 least	 a	 silence	 that	 felt	 awkward.	 She	 finally	 cleared	 her	 throat	 and	 said,	 “I’m
surprised	 that	 Finch	 would	 do	 something	 like	 this….He	 was	 always	 such	 a	 kind
kid….”
I	heard	the	past	tense	in	her	statement—which	brought	more	tears—as	I	thought
about	how	much	time	the	three	of	us	shared	when	Finch	was	little.	During	those
early	 years,	 I’d	 go	 back	 to	 Bristol	 at	 least	 once	 or	 twice	 a	 month,	 whenever	 Kirk
had	to	travel	for	more	than	a	day	or	two,	and	although	we	stayed	at	my	parents’
house,	Finch	always	clamored	to	see	Auntie	Jules.	On	one	visit,	as	Julie	was	really
struggling	with	infertility,	she	told	me	that	Finch	gave	her	some	peace.	That	even
if	she	couldn’t	have	children	of	her	own,	she’d	always	have	her	godson.	That’s	how
real	and	special	their	bond	was.
Even	 after	 her	 twin	 daughters,	 Paige	 and	 Reece,	 were	 born	 when	 Finch	 was
about	 five,	 we	 still	 got	 together	 often,	 including	 a	 week’s	 vacation	 at	 the	 beach

every	summer.	Finch	was	so	sweet	to	the	girls,	spending	hours	patiently	playing	in
the	 sand,	 building	 castles,	 digging	 holes,	 and	 letting	 them	 bury	 him	 when	 he
would	have	rather	been	out	in	the	surf.
I	asked	her	now	what	she	would	do	if	something	like	this	happened	to	the	girls.
She	hesitated,	then	said,	“They’re	only	in	the	seventh	grade.	So	I	can’t	imagine
it…yet.”
“Yes,	you	can,”	I	said	because	one	of	Julie’s	many	gifts	was	her	imagination,	a
by-product	of	a	highly	evolved	sense	of	empathy.
“Okay,	you’re	right,”	she	said	with	a	sigh.	“Well…I’d	hang	him	by	the	balls.”
Her	response	was	a	punch	in	my	stomach,	but	I	knew	it	was	the	truth,	and	I	now
felt	 a	 little	 scared	 thinking	 of	 legal	 ramifications	 beyond	 Windsor’s	 walls.
“Meaning	what,	exactly?”	I	said.
“I’d	press	charges,”	she	said,	with	what	seemed	to	be	anger.	Was	she	angry	with
me	or	with	Finch?	Or	was	she	simply	angry	on	a	young	woman’s	behalf?
“What	charges	would	those	be,	exactly?”	I	said	softly.
She	 cleared	 her	 throat,	 then	 said,	 “Well.	 There’s	 a	 new	 law	 in	 Tennessee.	 A
sexting	bill	passed	last	year…Any	minor	sending	sexually	suggestive	photos	could
be	labeled	a	felon	or	sex	offender	for	involvement	with	child	pornography—which
means	 he’d	 be	 put	 on	 the	 Sex	 Offender	 Registry	 until	 age	 twenty-five.	 It	 also
means	 that	 the	 minor	 would	 be	 required	 to	 report	 this	 on	 all	 job	 and	 college
applications.”
Now	full-fledged	crying,	I	couldn’t	speak.
“I’m	sorry,	Nina,”	she	said.
“I	know,”	I	managed	to	reply,	hoping	that	she	couldn’t	tell	just	how	upset	I	was.
“Of	 course…Adam	 might	 try	 to	 talk	 me	 out	 of	 pressing	 charges,”	 she	 said,
speaking	 of	 her	 husband—a	 laid-back,	 even-keeled	 firefighter	 who,	 incidentally,
occasionally	hung	out	with	my	high	school	ex-boyfriend	Teddy,	now	a	cop.
“Why’s	that?”	I	asked.
“I	don’t	know.	I	just	think	he’d	say	we	should	let	the	school	handle	it.	And	for
what	it’s	worth?	I	don’t	think	this	will	go	to	the	courts,	either….For	all	the	money
you	 guys	 pay	 for	 school?	 I	 think	 this	 girl’s	 father	 will	 probably	 trust	 them	 to
handle	it.”
“Maybe,”	I	say.
She	sighed	and	said,	“So	has	Finch	apologized	to	her	yet?”
“No.	Not	yet.”
“Well,	that	needs	to	happen….”

“I	know.	What	else	do	you	think	we	should	do?”
“Well…let’s	 see….If	 one	 of	 my	 girls	 did	 something	 like	 this	 to	 one	 of	 their
classmates?…”	She	mused	aloud.
“They	would	never,”	I	said,	thinking	that	they	had	zero	mean-girl	tendencies.
“Yeah…but	 I	 guess	 you	 never	 really	 know,”	 she	 said.	 It	 was	 a	 generous
statement,	and	I	could	tell	she	was	grasping	at	straws	to	comfort	me.	“Anyway…I
don’t	know	what	we’d	do,	exactly….But	I	do	know	that	we	wouldn’t	be	trying	to	get
them	off	the	hook.”
I	stiffened.	“We’re	not	trying	to	get	Finch	off	the	hook,	Julie.”
“Really?”	 she	 said,	 sounding	 skeptical.	 “So	 what	 is	 Kirk	 going	 to	 do	 when	 he
calls	this	girl’s	father?”
“Well,	for	one,	apologize,”	I	said,	wishing	I	had	left	off	that	part	of	the	story—or
at	 least	 my	 own	 conjecture	 that	 Kirk	 had	 manipulative	 intentions.	 After	 all,	 he
hadn’t	spelled	anything	out	to	me.	Maybe	all	he	had	in	mind	was	an	apology.
“And	for	another?”	she	asked.
“I	don’t	know,”	I	said.
More	silence.
“Well,”	Julie	said.	“I	think	this	is	a	real	fork	in	the	road	for	Finch….And	I	know
Kirk	is	thinking	in	terms	of	Princeton….But	there	is	much	more	at	stake	here.”
I	 was	 pretty	 sure	 I	 knew	 what	 she	 was	 getting	 at,	 but	 it	 still	 hurt	 to	 hear,	 and
part	of	me	was	getting	a	little	resentful,	too.	She	really	could	be	harsh,	especially
when	it	came	to	Kirk.	“I’m	sure	it	will	work	itself	out,”	I	said,	my	voice	sounding
strained.
If	she	noticed	the	tension,	she	pretended	not	to.	“Well,	I’m	not	so	sure	a	thing
like	this	just	‘works	itself	out,’ ”	she	began.	“And	maybe	I	shouldn’t	say	this,	but—”
“Then	don’t,”	I	blurted	out.	“Maybe	some	things	are	best	kept	to	ourselves.”
The	exchange	was	unprecedented	in	our	friendship,	but	then	again,	so	was	the
feeling	that	she	questioned	the	character	of	my	only	child.	Her	own	godson.	For
some	reason,	that	was	easier	to	focus	on	than	the	fact	that	I	was	wondering	about
his	character,	too.
“Okay,”	she	said,	her	voice	softer	but	not	at	all	remorseful.
I	told	her	I	had	to	go,	then	thanked	her	for	her	advice.
“You’re	welcome,”	she	said.	“Anytime.”

O

n	Monday	evening,	as	I	was	cleaning	up	the	dinner	dishes,	I	got	a	call	from	a
blocked	 number.	 Something	 told	 me	 I	 should	 answer	 it,	 and	 I	 listened	 to	 a
man’s	voice	I	didn’t	recognize	say,	“Hello.	Is	this	Thomas	Volpe?”
“Yes.	This	is	Tom,”	I	said,	stopping	in	my	tracks.
“Hi,	Tom,”	the	man	said.	“This	is	Kirk	Browning.	Finch’s	father.”
For	a	second,	I	couldn’t	speak.
“Hello?”	he	said.	“Are	you	there?”
“Yeah.	I’m	here.	What	can	I	do	for	you?”	I	said,	my	fist	clenched	as	I	gripped	the
phone	with	my	other	hand.
His	 reply	 was	 slick	 and	 fast.	 “It’s	 not	 what	 you	 can	 do	 for	 me.	 I	 want	 to	 do
something	for	you.	I	want	to	try	to	repair	what	my	son	has	done.”
“Huh,”	I	said.	“I’m	really	not	sure	that’s	going	to	be	possible.”
“Yes.	I	realize	that	may	be	the	case,”	he	said.	“But	I	was	wondering	if	there’s	any
way	we	could	get	together	and	talk?”
My	instinct	was	to	say	no,	there	was	nothing	he	could	say	to	me—and	I	had	less
than	nothing	to	say	to	him.	But	then	I	told	myself	there	actually	was	a	lot	I	wanted
to	tell	this	man.	“Yeah.	Okay,”	I	said.	“When?”
“Well,	let’s	see….I’m	out	of	town	at	the	moment…back	on	Wednesday	morning.
Does	Wednesday	night	work?	My	house	around	six?”
“Um,	 no.	 That	 actually	 won’t	 work	 for	 me.	 I’m	 with	 my	 daughter	 in	 the
evenings,”	I	said	to	make	a	point.
“Well,	you	tell	me	when,”	he	replied—which	was	what	he	should	have	said	in	the
first	place.
“Wednesday	at	noon,”	I	said,	hoping	it	wasn’t	at	all	convenient	for	him.	That	he
might	even	have	to	get	on	an	earlier	flight.
He	hesitated,	then	said,	“Sure.	That	works.	I	land	at	eleven.	Can	we	say	twelvethirty	just	to	be	safe?”
“Fine,”	I	said.

“Great.	Can	I	give	you	my	address?”
“Yeah.	Just	text	it	to	me.	And	this	time?	Don’t	block	your	number.”
—
LIVING	 IN	 A	 city	like	Nashville	my	whole	life,	I’d	seen	plenty	of	impressive	homes,
and	I	knew	by	the	Brownings’	Belle	Meade	address	that	their	house	was	going	to
be	very	nice.	But	I	was	still	blown	away	when	I	pulled	down	their	long	driveway,
past	the	tall	hedges,	and	got	a	load	of	that	brick	and	stone	English	Tudor	mansion
in	a	downright	fairy-tale	setting.	I’m	a	big	fan	of	older	homes,	and	I	couldn’t	help
but	admire	the	architectural	details	of	this	one.	The	steeply	pitched	slate	roof	with
cross-gables.	 The	 half-timbered	 exposed	 framing.	 The	 tall,	 narrow	 windows,
stained	 and	 leaded.	 I	 got	 out	 of	 my	 car,	 closed	 the	 door,	 and	 walked	 toward	 the
mammoth	double	front	doors,	made	of	mahogany,	elaborately	carved,	and	flanked
by	flickering	lanterns.	I	shuddered	to	think	what	their	gas	bill	must	be,	let	alone
their	 mortgage—then	 reminded	 myself	 that	 people	 like	 this	 probably	 didn’t	 have
mortgages.
I	approached	the	front	porch,	trying	to	pinpoint	exactly	what	I	was	feeling.	I	was
still	just	as	pissed	as	I’d	been	on	the	drive	over,	but	now	I	was	feeling	something
else,	too.	Was	I	intimidated?	No.	Was	I	jealous?	Not	at	all.	Did	I	begrudge	them
their	 fortune?	 I	 really	 didn’t	 think	 so.	 My	 problem,	 I	 decided	 as	 I	 eyed	 the
doorbell,	was	that	it	was	just	so	predictable	that	the	rich	boy	did	the	shitty	thing	to
the	 poor	 girl,	 and	 I	 hated	 being	 part	 of	 that	 cliché.	 Frankly,	 I	 was	 also	 extra
angered	by	his	asshole	father’s	staggering	lack	of	self-awareness.	Who	but	a	total
clueless	idiot	would	ask	a	stranger	to	meet	at	his	own	home	if	it	looked	like	this,
especially	if	his	jackass	kid	was	in	the	wrong?	Had	he	done	any	research	on	Lyla	or
me	whatsoever?	Did	he	have	any	idea	that	she	was	one	of	the	few	kids	at	Windsor
on	financial	aid?	It	would	have	taken	him	about	ten	seconds	on	Google	to	discover
that	 I	 was	 a	 carpenter	 (the	 kind	 he’d	 probably	 hire,	 then	 nickel-and-dime	 to
death)—which	meant	either	he	hadn’t	bothered	or	he	had	looked	me	up	and	didn’t
give	 a	 shit	 what	 I’d	 be	 feeling.	 I	 wasn’t	 sure	 which	 was	 worse,	 but	 I	 hated	 him
more	by	the	second.
With	a	heavy	chip	weighing	down	my	shoulder,	I	pushed	the	doorbell,	listening
to	 the	 formal	 chime	 echo	 inside.	 At	 least	 thirty	 seconds	 passed,	 during	 which	 I
reminded	 myself	 that	 all	 these	 people	 had	 on	 us	 was	 money.	 I	 had	 all	 the	 moral
high	ground,	and	the	leverage	that	came	with	it.
Finally,	the	door	opened,	and	there	stood	an	older	Latina	woman,	who	told	me
to	 please	 come	 in,	 she’d	 get	 Mr.	 Browning.	 The	 whole	 scene	 was	 so	 classic—
especially	when	“Mr.	Browning”	immediately	materialized	behind	her.	Clearly	he
could	have	gotten	to	his	own	door	first,	but	he	wanted	his	brown	housekeeper	to
open	it	for	him.	Look	important	at	any	and	all	costs	was,	I’m	sure,	one	of	his	rules
to	live	by.
Then,	without	thanking	her	or	introducing	her,	he	sort	of	pushed	past	her	and

filled	 the	 doorway.	 I	 hated	 everything	 about	 his	 appearance.	 His	 ruddy
complexion—like	he’d	just	been	drinking	on	a	golf	course.	His	gelled	hair,	too	dark
to	be	his	real	color.	His	pink	linen	shirt,	unbuttoned	two	buttons	too	low.
“Hi	there,	Tom,”	he	said,	reaching	out	to	shake	my	hand,	his	booming	frat-boy
voice	matching	his	foolishly	firm	grip.	“Kirk	Browning.	Please	come	in.”
I	 nodded,	 then	 forced	 myself	 to	 say	 hello	 as	 he	 stepped	 inside	 to	 let	 me	 in.	 I
glanced	 around	 the	 foyer,	 surprised	 by	 the	 cool	 contemporary	 décor.	 A	 gigantic
pale-blue	abstract	painting	hung	over	a	black	lacquered	chest.	It	wasn’t	my	usual
taste,	but	I	had	to	admit	it	was	pretty	stunning.
“Thanks	so	much	for	coming,”	Kirk	said,	downright	beaming.	“Shall	we	go	chat
in	my	office?”
“That’s	fine,”	I	said.
He	nodded,	leading	me	through	a	formal	living	room,	down	a	wide	corridor,	and
into	 a	 dark,	 wood-paneled	 office	 decorated	 with	 mounted	 deer	 and	 fowl—yet
another	radical	design	departure.
“Welcome	to	my	man	cave,”	he	said	with	a	chuckle.
I	gave	him	a	tight-lipped	smile	as	he	gestured	toward	a	fully	stocked	bar	cart.
“Too	early	in	the	day	for	scotch?	It’s	five	o’clock	somewhere,	right?”
“No,	thanks,”	I	said.	“But	you	go	right	ahead.”
He	hesitated,	as	if	seriously	contemplating	a	solo	drink,	but	decided	against	it.
He	then	gestured	toward	a	couple	of	armchairs	floating	in	the	middle	of	the	room.
I	had	the	feeling	they	were	freshly	staged,	and	it	gave	me	the	creeps.	“Please,”	he
said.	“Have	a	seat.”
I	chose	the	chair	with	a	view	toward	the	doorway,	my	back	to	the	gas	fireplace.
Of	 course	 the	 pussy	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 burn	 real	 logs,	 I	 thought,	 as	 he	 sat	 down,
planting	his	feet	perfectly	parallel	to	each	other.	His	pant	legs	came	up	enough	to
reveal	bare	ankles.	No	socks	with	fancy	loafers—typical	Belle	Meade.
“So.	Thanks	for	coming	over,	Tom,”	he	said,	exaggerating	the	pronunciation	of
my	name	with	a	low	hum.
I	nodded	but	said	nothing,	determined	not	to	make	this	easy	for	him.
“I	hope	it’s	not	interrupting	your	workday	too	much?”
I	shrugged	and	said,	“I’m	flexible…self-employed.”
“Ahh,”	he	said.	“And	what	is	it	that	you	do,	Tom?”
“I’m	a	carpenter,”	I	said.
“Oh.	 Wow.	 That’s	 great,”	 he	 said,	 his	 voice	 and	 expression	 oozing
condescension.	“They	say	the	happiest	people	work	with	their	hands.	I	wish	I	were
more…handy.”	He	looked	down	at	his	open	palms,	which	were	undoubtedly	as	soft

as	they	were	useless.	“I	have	trouble	changing	lightbulbs!”
I	 resisted	 the	 urge	 to	 ask	 him	 how	 many	 people	 he	 had	 on	 staff	 to	 do	 that	 for
him,	then	figured	what	the	hell.	“You	must	have	a	guy	for	that?”	I	asked.
He	looked	taken	aback	for	a	beat	but	quickly	recovered.	“Actually	my	wife,	Nina,
is	good	at	that	stuff.	Believe	it	or	not.”
I	raised	my	brow.	“At	changing	lightbulbs?”
“Ha.	 No…I	 mean…all	 sorts	 of	 mini	 home	 projects….She	 enjoys	 them.	 But	 yes,
for	 the	 more	 complicated	 ones,	 we	 do	 have	 a	 handyman.	 Great	 guy.	 Larry,”	 he
said,	as	if	all	of	us	manual	laborers	knew	one	another.
I	 glanced	 around	 the	 room	 and	 said,	 “So.	 Where	 is	 your	 wife?	 Will	 she	 be
joining	us?”
He	shook	his	head	and	said,	“Unfortunately,	she	had	a	prior	engagement.”
“That	is	unfortunate,”	I	deadpanned.
“Yes,”	 he	 said,	 “but	 I	 thought	 it	 might	 actually	 be	 better	 if	 we	 could	 talk…you
know…man	to	man.”
“Right.	Man	to	man,”	I	echoed.
“So,	Tom,”	he	said,	after	taking	a	deep	breath.	“Let	me	begin	by	apologizing	on
behalf	of	my	son.	The	photo	he	took	of	your	daughter	was	absolutely	inexcusable.”
I	squinted,	pretending	to	be	confused,	cueing	more	babble.
“It	was	terrible….And	believe	me,	Finch	understands	that	now.”
“Now?”	I	asked.	“So	he	didn’t	understand	that	before?	When	he	posted	it?”
“Well,”	Kirk	said,	holding	up	his	hands,	now	palms	out.	“To	be	clear,	he	didn’t
actually	post	anything—”
“Oh,	pardon	me,”	I	said,	an	expression	I	never	used.	“He	didn’t	understand	that
it	was	wrong	when	he	sent	the	photo	to	his	buddies?”
There	was	no	way	he	could	answer	this	question	in	the	negative,	I	thought,	but
sure	enough,	he	did.
“No,”	 he	 said.	 “Not	 at	 first.	 He	 wasn’t	 thinking	 at	 all.	 You	 know	 teenage
boys….But	 now	 he	 gets	 it.	 Now	 he	 sees.	 Completely.	 And	 he’s	 sorry.	 Very,	 very
sorry.”
“Has	he	told	Lyla	that?”	I	asked,	feeling	sure	I	knew	the	answer.
“Well.	Not	yet.	He	wants	to…but	I	told	him	to	wait	until	I	talked	to	you.	I	wanted
to	apologize	to	you	first.”
I	 cleared	 my	 throat	 and	 chose	 my	 words	 carefully.	 “Well,	 Kirk,”	 I	 said.	 “I
appreciate	 the	 apology.	 I	 do.	 But	 unfortunately,	 it	 doesn’t	 undo	 what	 your	 son—
I’m	sorry,	what’s	his	name	again?”

“Finch,”	 he	 said,	 nodding,	 his	 chin	 nearly	 reaching	 his	 chest.	 “His	 name	 is
Finch.”
“Ah,	yes,	that’s	right.	As	in…Atticus	Finch?”	I	asked.
“Yes,	indeed!”	He	grinned.	“To	Kill	a	Mockingbird	is	my	wife’s	favorite	book.”
“Huh.	Mine,	too.	Imagine	that,”	I	said,	uncrossing	my	arms	before	slapping	my
thigh	in	a	sarcastic	way.
“Wow.	What	a	coincidence.	I’ll	tell	her,”	he	said,	smiling.	“So.	Where	were	we?”
“We	were	talking	about	what	your	son	did	to	my	daughter.	Lyla.”
“Yes…and	I	can’t	tell	you	how	sorry	Finch	is.”
“Try,”	I	said,	forcing	a	fake	smile.	“How	sorry?”
“Oh,	 very.	 He’s	 very,	 very	 sorry.	 He’s	 a	 wreck.	 He	 hasn’t	 been	 able	 to	 eat	 or
sleep—”
I	 interrupted	 with	 a	 brittle	 laugh,	 feeling	 myself	 start	 to	 lose	 my	 composure.
“So…wait.	Are	you…Do	you…Am	I	supposed	to	feel	sorry	for	your	son?”
“No,	no.	Not	at	all.	I	didn’t	mean	that,	Tom.	I	just	meant	that	he	understands
that	 what	 he	 did	 was	 wrong.	 And	 he’s	 extremely	 sorry.	 But	 he	 didn’t	 mean	 the
caption	the	way	it	sounded.	He	just	meant	it	as	a…joke.”
“Does	your	son	often	make	racist	jokes?”
“Of	 course	 not,”	 he	 said,	 finally	 starting	 to	 squirm.	 “Is	 your	 daughter	 even…
Hispanic?”
“No.”
His	face	lit	up.	“I	knew	it,”	he	said,	as	if	the	case	were	now	closed.
“Her	mother’s	Brazilian.”
His	smile	faded	into	a	look	of	confusion	as	I	continued,	“So	technically,	I	think
the	word	you’re	looking	for	is	Latina.	Hispanic	is	a	demonym	that	only	includes
Spaniards	and	other	speakers	of	the	Spanish	language.	And	as	I’m	sure	you	know,
the	 language	 of	 Brazil	 is	 Portuguese.”	 It	 was	 all	 information	 Lyla	 had	 fed	 me	 in
recent	months,	research	she	had	done	to	try	to	understand	exactly	who	she	was.
“Very	interesting,”	he	said,	as	I	got	the	feeling	he	was	either	patronizing	me	or
searching	for	a	good	angle	for	his	kid.	“So…Brazilians	aren’t	a	different	race?”
“Brazilians	 can	 be	 any	 race,	 Kirk,”	 I	 said	 slowly,	 like	 I	 was	 talking	 to	 an	 idiot.
Which	I	was.	“Just	like	Americans.”
“Oh,	sure.	Right,”	he	said.	“That	makes	sense.	So	Lyla’s	white?”
“Mostly,”	I	said,	unwilling	to	dignify	this	man	with	a	breakdown	of	her	lineage.	I
wasn’t	 even	 sure	 exactly	 what	 it	 was,	 other	 than	 that	 Beatriz’s	 mother	 was
Portuguese	Brazilian	and	all	white,	while	her	father	was	something	like	a	quarter

black.	Which	I	guess	made	Lyla	one-sixteenth	African-Brazilian.
“Mostly?”	Kirk	asked.
“Look.	 Bottom	 line…Although	 Lyla’s	 mother	 did,	 at	 one	 point,	 have	 a	 green
card,	Lyla	is	one	hundred	percent	American,”	I	said.
“That’s	wonderful,”	he	said.	“Just	wonderful.”
“Which	part?”	I	asked.
“All	of	it,”	he	said.	“That	her	mother	came	here.	That	Windsor	has	this	kind	of
diversity—”
“I	actually	don’t	think	it’s	all	that	diverse….But	it	is	a	great	school.	I’ve	been	very
impressed	with	the	academics.	And	the	headmaster,”	I	said	purposefully.
Kirk	nodded.	“Yes.	Walt’s	very	good	at	what	he	does.	And	I	recognize	that	he’s
in	a	tough	position	now.	With	this	incident…And	I	think	for	everyone’s	sake,	he’s
hoping	we	handle	it	privately….”
“Privately?”	I	asked,	knowing	exactly	where	this	was	going.
“Yes.	 Between	 the	 two	 families.	 I	 can	 assure	 you	 that	 Finch	 is	 being	 severely
punished…and	 we	 would	 like	 to	 compensate	 you	 both	 for	 your…your	 time	 from
work…and	also	any	distress	this	may	have	caused	you	and	your	daughter.”
I	stared	at	him	in	disbelief	as	he	walked	over	to	his	desk,	opened	a	drawer,	and
pulled	out	a	white	business-size	envelope.	As	he	returned	to	hand	it	to	me,	I	could
see	 my	 name	 written	 on	 it,	 and	 I	 was	 overcome	 with	 a	 fight-or-flight	 feeling.
Should	I	punch	this	guy	in	the	face?	Or	should	I	take	the	money	and	run?	At	the
very	least,	I	wanted	to	know	how	much	this	joker	thought	it	would	take	to	buy	us
off.	Maybe	he	had	done	his	research	after	all	and	already	knew	I	was	a	carpenter.
Maybe	 he	 even	 assumed	 I	 was	 a	 “Hispanic”	 carpenter.	 Maybe	 he	 had	 multiple
envelopes	 in	 his	 desk.	 Envelope	 number	 one	 for	 the	 minority	 laborer.	 Envelope
number	two	for	the	blue-collar	white	guy.	Envelope	three	for	a	fellow	suit.	Fight	or
flight,	flight	or	fight?	Wasn’t	it	supposed	to	be	an	instinct,	not	a	choice?
In	any	event,	I	decided	to	flee,	standing	to	take	the	envelope	from	him.	As	I	put
it	in	my	back	pocket,	I	could	tell	it	contained	bills.	A	lot	of	bills.
A	look	of	palpable	relief	crossed	Kirk’s	face.	“I’m	really	glad	we	could	have	this
talk,	Tom,”	he	said.	“I	think	it’s	been	very,	very	constructive.”
“Yes,”	I	said.	“It	really	has.”
“And	if	you’d	just	let	Walt	know	that	we	settled	this…”	His	voice	trailed	off	as	I
guess	even	he	wasn’t	brazen	enough	to	actually	spell	it	out:	I’m	paying	you	off.
In	the	ultimate	head	fake,	I	nodded,	smiled,	then	allowed	myself	to	be	cheerfully
shown	to	the	door.

K

irk	returned	home	from	the	airport	only	thirty	minutes	before	his	scheduled
meeting	with	Lyla’s	father.	As	he	unpacked	his	roller	bag,	moving	back	and
forth	between	his	closet	and	our	bathroom,	I	tried	to	engage	him	in	conversation.	I
asked	him	what	he	planned	to	say	to	Thomas	Volpe—and	if	he	was	sure	he	didn’t
want	me	to	join	them.	To	my	guilty	relief,	he	said	he	was	quite	sure—then	added
that	he’d	rather	not	discuss	the	details.
“I	don’t	want	to	sound	too	rehearsed,”	he	said.	“It	needs	to	be	natural.”
I	nodded,	not	quite	buying	it	but	once	again	relieved.
A	 few	 minutes	 later,	 I	 left	 the	 house	 in	 a	 low-key	 panic.	 As	 I	 tried	 to	 distract
myself	 with	 mindless	 errands,	 I	 thought	 a	 lot	 about	 my	 husband,	 how	 what	 I’d
once	loved	most	about	him	was	now	what	frustrated	me	to	no	end.	He	had	to	be
right.	 He	 had	 to	 be	 in	 charge.	 But	 in	 our	 earlier	 years,	 I	 was	 occasionally	 the
exception	to	the	rule.	I	could	persuade	him	when	nobody	else	could.	At	the	very
least,	we	had	once	been	a	partnership.	Equals.
I	thought	of	an	earlier	childhood	crisis,	when	Finch	and	another	boy	had	dipped
the	ears	of	a	neighbor’s	cocker	spaniel	puppy	in	blue	paint.	He’d	denied	it,	despite
overwhelming	 proof	 to	 the	 contrary,	 including	 the	 blue	 paint	 I’d	 found	 on	 the
treads	of	his	small	Nike	sneakers.	Kirk	and	I	had	argued	about	how	to	handle	it;
he	was	in	favor	of	brute	force	to	extract	a	confession.	But	I’d	convinced	him	to	let
me	try	my	way	first.	The	three	of	us	sat	at	the	kitchen	table	together	as	I	told	Finch
we	would	always	love	him,	no	matter	what,	and	how	important	it	was	to	tell	the
truth.
“I	did	it,	Mommy,”	Finch	finally	said,	breaking	down	in	tears.	“I’m	so	sorry!”
I	still	remember	the	way	Kirk	looked	at	me,	the	way	we	later	made	love	and	he
told	me	that	he’d	picked	the	most	wonderful	mother	for	his	son.
It	had	been	a	long	time	since	he’d	looked	at	me	like	that.
—
ABOUT	AN	HOUR	 later,	as	I	was	still	running	errands,	Kirk	called,	asking	if	I	wanted
to	meet	him	for	lunch.
“Oh,	no.	Was	it	that	bad?”	I	said,	thinking	that	Kirk	never	had	time	for	lunch.	At

least	not	a	lunch	without	a	business	purpose.
“No.	 It	 wasn’t	 bad	 at	 all.	 It	 went	 great,	 actually,”	 he	 said,	 his	 voice	 notably
chipper.
“Really?”	I	said.
“Yeah.	We	had	a	good	talk.	I	like	him.”
“And…did	he	like	you?”
“Of	course,”	Kirk	said	with	a	laugh.	“What’s	not	to	like?”
I	ignored	his	question	and	asked	for	more	details.
“I’ll	 tell	 you	 everything	 over	 lunch.	 Meet	 me	 at	 the	 club?”	 he	 said,	 referring	 to
Belle	Meade,	the	country	club	to	which	we	belonged—and	his	family	always	had.
“Um,	 can	 we	 go	 somewhere	 else?”	 I	 said,	 remembering	 how	 I’d	 felt	 about	 the
club	 when	 I	 first	 started	 to	 go	 with	 Kirk	 and	 his	 family.	 It	 had	 made	 me
uncomfortable—the	 fawning	 staff	 in	 their	 stiff	 white	 jackets,	 the	 formal	 rooms
filled	 with	 Oriental	 rugs	 and	 antique	 furniture,	 and	 most	 of	 all,	 the	 lily-white
membership.	 There	 were	 no	 black	 members	 at	 all	 until	 2012,	 and	 almost	 all	 the
staff	were	people	of	color,	though	to	be	fair	and	as	Kirk	had	pointed	out,	plenty	of
African	 Americans	 had	 been	 approached	 to	 join	 but	 had	 simply	 declined.	 I
couldn’t	say	I	blamed	them.
Somewhere	along	the	line,	though,	I	had	succumbed	to	the	luxury,	focusing	less
on	the	exclusivity	and	more	on	the	beauty	and	serenity	and	utter	convenience	of
our	membership.	It	was	a	rare	week	that	I	didn’t	spend	at	least	a	few	hours	there,
whether	 playing	 tennis,	 meeting	 Finch	 and	 Kirk	 at	 the	 casual	 grill	 for	 dinner,	 or
having	drinks	with	my	friends	on	the	veranda	overlooking	the	golf	course.
“Do	 you	 have	 something	 against	 the	 club	 now?”	 Kirk	 said,	 as	 if	 reading	 my
mind.
“Nothing,”	 I	 said.	 “I’m	 just	 not	 in	 the	 mood	 to	 talk	 to	 people.	 Given
everything…”
“Okay,”	he	said,	acquiescing	faster	than	I’d	thought	he	would.	“Want	me	to	call
Etch	or	Husk?”
The	 likelihood	 of	 running	 into	 someone	 I	 knew	 was	 pretty	 high	 at	 those
restaurants,	too,	but	I	didn’t	want	to	be	too	difficult.	Besides,	I	loved	Husk.	It	was
probably	my	favorite	restaurant	in	the	city.	So	I	told	Kirk	I	would	meet	him	there.
“Great,”	he	said.	“See	you	soon.”
—
TWENTY	MINUTES	LATER,	Kirk	and	I	were	seated	at	a	cozy	table	on	the	art-lined	lower
level	of	the	restaurant,	set	in	a	nineteenth-century	home	in	Rutledge	Hill.	He	still
hadn’t	 told	 me	 what	 happened,	 keeping	 me	 in	 total	 suspense,	 insisting	 that	 we

have	a	glass	of	wine	first.	I	was	annoyed	but	hopeful,	as	we	chatted	with	a	waitress
we’d	had	several	times	before,	then	put	in	our	order	for	a	burger	(him)	and	shrimp
and	grits	(me),	as	well	as	one	glass	of	wine	to	split.
As	soon	as	she	departed,	I	said,	“All	right.	Could	you	please	tell	me	now,	Kirk?”
He	 nodded,	 then	 took	 a	 deep	 breath.	 “So.	 He	 got	 to	 the	 house	 right	 after	 you
left….We	 went	 to	 my	 office	 and	 made	 a	 little	 small	 talk….Then	 we	 got	 into
everything.	At	first	he	was	a	little	touchy,	but	then	I	just	gave	it	to	him	straight….”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning…I	told	him	how	sorry	Finch	is.	How	sorry	we	are,	too.”
“And	what	did	he	say?”
“Honestly,	not	too	much.	He	was	pretty	quiet.	But	I	think	he	agrees	that	we	can
handle	this	privately….”
“He	does?”	I	said,	more	than	a	little	surprised.
“Yes.”
“Meaning	he	doesn’t	want	it	to	go	before	the	Honor	Council?”	I	asked.
“Correct,”	Kirk	said	as	the	waitress	brought	two	rolls	to	the	table.	He	began	to
butter	one	of	them,	looking	smug.
“But…how?	Why?”	I	said.	“He	just	agreed	with	you?”
“Well.	Let’s	just	say	I	gave	him	a	little…incentive….”
I	stared	at	him,	my	heart	sinking.	“What	kind	of	incentive?”
“A	financial	one,”	he	said	with	a	shrug.
“What?”	I	said.
“What	do	you	mean	‘what’?	I	just	gave	him	a	little	cash,”	he	said,	stone-faced.
“No	big	deal.”
“Oh	my	God.	How	much	did	you	give	him?”	I	asked.
He	shrugged	again,	then	mumbled,	“Fifteen	thousand	dollars.”
I	shook	my	head	and	let	out	a	whimper.	“Please,	please	tell	me	you’re	kidding.”
“Oh,	 c’mon,	 Nina,”	 he	 said,	 his	 expression	 confirming	 that	 this	 was	 no	 joke.
“You	don’t	think	our	son’s	future	is	worth	fifteen	grand?”
“It’s	not	the	amount,”	I	said.	“If	we’re	just	discussing	the	amount,	I’d	question
the	lowball—”
“Fifteen	thousand	is	a	lot	to	the	average	person,”	he	interjected,	always	a	man	of
the	people	when	it	was	convenient	to	his	narrative.	“And	this	guy’s	a	carpenter.”
“That’s	not	the	point!”	I	shouted.	I	glanced	around,	reconfirming	that	we	didn’t
know	anyone	seated	in	the	galley	area,	but	still	lowered	my	voice.	“The	point	is—

you	gave	him	hush	money.”
He	 rolled	 his	 eyes	 and	 gave	 me	 a	 condescending	 smirk.	 “This	 isn’t	 a	 gangster
movie,	Nina.	It’s	not	hush	money.	I’m	not	asking	him	to	be	quiet	about	anything.”
“Then	what’s	the	point?”
“Well,	for	one,	it’s	a	token	of	our	apology.	For	another…it’s	an	incentive.”
“An	incentive	to	do	what?”
“An	 incentive	 to	 tell	 Walt	 he	 doesn’t	 want	 this	 thing	 to	 move	 forward	 to	 the
Honor	Council.”
“Did	you	actually	tell	him	that?”	I	asked,	my	disapproval	growing	by	the	second.
“Didn’t	have	to.	It	was	understood,”	he	said.	“Look,	Nina.	The	guy	willfully	and
gladly	took	the	cash.”
“You	gave	him	fifteen	thousand	in	cash?”
“Yes.	And	again—he	took	it.	It	was	a	meeting	of	the	minds,	for	sure.	A	contract.”
I	 pressed	 my	 lips	 together,	 thinking.	 There	 was	 so	 much	 wrong	 with	 what	 he
was	telling	me,	I	wasn’t	sure	where	to	start.	“What	about	Finch?”	I	said.	“Are	you
going	to	tell	him	about	this	little	contract?”	I	said.
“I	wasn’t	planning	on	it,”	he	replied.	“I	think	it’s	better	if	we	leave	Finch	out	of
this.”
“Leave	out	the	person	who	single-handedly	caused	all	the	harm?”
“We’re	 leaving	 him	 out	 of	 the	 solution.	 Not	 the	 punishment.	 He	 is	 being
punished,	Nina.	Remember?”
“Okay.	But	what	if	it	gets	out?	What	if	Finch	finds	out	his	father	did	something
shady?”	I	asked.	“And	his	mother	went	along	with	it?”
He	 shook	 his	 head.	 “No	 way.	 This	 guy’s	 not	 going	 to	 talk….Think	 about	 it	 this
way….When	you	slide	someone	a	fifty	to	get	a	table	at	a	restaurant,	do	they	make
an	announcement?	No.	They	don’t.	Because	it’s	shady	on	both	sides.”
“So	you	do	admit	you’re	being	shady?”
He	 shrugged.	 “You	 want	 me	 to	 admit	 that?	 Sure.	 I’ll	 admit	 that.	 It	 was	 a	 little
shady.	But	I	did	it	for	a	good	cause.	I	did	it	for	Finch.	And	it	worked.”
“How	do	you	know	it	worked?”	I	said.
“Because	 he	 took	 the	 money,	 Nina….And	 before	 that,	 he	 was	 giving	 me	 an
immigration	 lecture	 on	 how	 Brazilians	 aren’t	 Hispanic.	 And	 that	 his	 daughter	 is
an	American.	Yada	yada…He	had	an	attitude.	But	then	I	handed	him	that	cash	and
suddenly	he	was	all	cool,	calm,	and	collected.	So	you	tell	me,	Nina.	Did	it	work?”
When	I	didn’t	reply,	he	answered	his	own	question.	“Yes.	It	did.	And	you	can	sit
there	and	be	self-righteous	all	you	want,	but	deep	down,	you	have	to	agree	that	it

was	worth	it.”
I	stared	back	at	him,	my	thoughts	scattered	and	racing.	A	very	small,	guilty	part
of	me	was	relieved	that	Lyla’s	father	had	been	complicit.	Besides,	what	choice	did	I
have?	I	couldn’t	make	him	give	us	the	money	back.
“Well,	 putting	 that	 aside,	 I	 really	 think	 it’s	 high	 time	 that	 Finch	 apologizes	 to
Lyla.	Face-to-face,”	I	said	as	the	waitress	poured	our	glass	of	wine.
I	 paused	 as	 Kirk	 tasted	 it	 and	 okayed	 it,	 then	 resumed	 when	 she	 left.	 “And	 I
would	also	like	for	the	three	of	us	to	sit	down	again	and	talk	a	bit	more	in	depth…
about	 everything.	 He’s	 been	 avoiding	 me	 for	 two	 days…for	 longer	 than	 that,
really….And	I	can’t	tell	if	he’s	sorry	or	pouting,”	I	said,	getting	a	little	bit	choked
up.	“I	can’t	tell	what’s	in	his	heart	right	now.”
“He’s	sorry,	Nina.	And	you	know	he	has	a	good	heart….We’ll	get	through	this,	I
promise.”
I	 started	 to	 say	 that	 I	 thought	 I	 knew	 Finch’s	 heart—but	 Julie	 was	 right,	 the
sweet	 kid	 I	 once	 knew	 could	 never	 have	 done	 this	 to	 a	 girl.	 To	 anyone.	 It	 just
didn’t	make	sense.
But	 there	 was	 something	 so	 reassuring	 and	 strong	 about	 the	 way	 Kirk	 was
looking	at	me	that	I	just	couldn’t	bring	myself	to	argue	with	him.	Instead,	at	least
for	the	moment,	I	put	my	faith	in	my	husband,	believing	that	he	was	right.	That
the	three	of	us	would	get	through	this,	somehow.
—
THAT	NIGHT,	I	tried	to	talk	to	Finch.	Kirk	and	I	both	did.	But	he	insisted	that	he	had
to	study	for	a	test.	Could	we	talk	tomorrow?	We	relented,	and	then	Kirk	went	to
bed	early,	declaring	himself	exhausted.	I	tried	to	do	the	same,	but	I	found	myself
lying	in	bed	next	to	him,	wide	awake	and	more	anxious	than	ever.
Around	 midnight,	 I	 got	 up	 and	 went	 to	 my	 office	 and	 pulled	 the	 Windsor
directory	from	a	desk	drawer.	I	flipped	to	the	end	of	the	alphabet	and	found	the
entry	 for	 Lyla	 and	 Thomas	 Volpe.	 No	 mother	 was	 listed,	 unlike	 most	 divorced
families	with	dual	entries,	and	the	only	explanation	I	could	think	of	was	that	she
had	died.	I	hoped	not	recently;	then	again,	I	would	have	wanted	Lyla	to	have	had
as	 many	 years	 with	 her	 mother	 as	 possible.	 Feeling	 increasingly	 melancholy,	 I
scanned	 down	 to	 read	 their	 address.	 They	 lived	 on	 Avondale	 Drive,	 a	 street	 that
didn’t	 sound	 familiar,	 though	 I	 knew	 the	 37206	 zip	 code	 was	 in	 East	 Nashville,
over	 the	 Cumberland	 River.	 I	 opened	 my	 laptop	 and	 typed	 it	 into	 Google	 Maps,
seeing	 a	 street	 view	 of	 the	 small	 bungalow	 located	 in	 Lockeland	 Springs.	 From
what	I	could	tell	of	the	blurry	photo,	the	house	sat	up	high	on	a	narrow	lot,	stairs
leading	from	the	street	to	the	front	door.	There	was	one	small	tree	in	the	yard	and
a	few	bushes	planted	along	the	house.	After	studying	the	picture	from	every	angle,
I	typed	the	address	into	Zillow.	I	saw	that	Thomas	Volpe	had	purchased	the	home
in	2004	for	$179,000.	I	felt	a	stab	of	sheepishness	approaching	shame,	thinking	of

our	 own	 house,	 its	 price	 tag	 just	 under	 $4	 million.	 From	 there,	 I	 pulled	 up	 our
online	AmEx	statement,	cringing	at	what	we’d	spent	over	the	last	billing	cycle.	It
was	amazing	how	quickly	things	added	up,	a	few	hundred	dollars	at	a	time.	This
particular	month,	I	was	the	most	culpable	of	the	three	of	us,	but	I	did	spot	Finch’s
thousand-dollar	 charge	 at	 the	 Apple	 Store,	 a	 $200	 charge	 at	 Imogene	 +	 Willie,
and	 $150	 at	 Pinewood	 Social,	 the	 night	 before	 Beau’s	 party.	 I	 seemed	 to	 recall	 a
conversation	 about	 him	 “needing”	 a	 new	 phone	 but	 couldn’t	 remember	 if	 he’d
asked	 me	 for	 permission	 or	 simply	 informed	 me	 of	 the	 purchase	 after	 the	 fact.	 I
felt	certain	that	he	hadn’t	mentioned	any	shopping	or	dining	otherwise.	Not	that
we	had	any	real	rules	around	his	spending.
In	 fact,	 money	 was	 something	 Kirk	 and	 I	 seldom	 discussed	 with	 our	 son.	 Five
years	ago,	when	the	financial	picture	had	changed,	the	analysis	of	what	to	spend
became	pretty	simple	in	our	family.	The	question	wasn’t	“did	we	need	it”	or	“could
we	afford	it,”	but	simply	“did	we	want	it.”	If	the	answer	was	yes,	we	typically	got	it.
The	result	was	that	Finch	didn’t	dwell	on	money—or	think	about	it	at	all,	really—
and	 had	 no	 clue	 about	 budgeting	 or	 anything	 normal	 people,	 let	 alone	 those	 in
actual	need,	went	through.	I	told	myself	to	stop	going	off	on	this	mental	tangent.
What	did	money	or	material	things	have	to	do	with	any	of	this,	anyway?	Nothing.
Character	has	nothing	to	do	with	finances.
And	yet,	I	had	the	feeling	Julie	might	say	otherwise,	especially	if	she	knew	about
Kirk’s	bribe—which	now	seemed	increasingly	significant.	What	if	Thomas	actually
needed	the	money?	Did	that	change	the	analysis	at	all?	Did	it	make	Kirk’s	attempt
to	buy	him	off	better	or	worse?	I	wasn’t	sure,	so	decided	to	look	for	more	evidence,
biting	 my	 lip,	 logging	 on	 to	 Facebook,	 and	 typing	 in	 “Thomas	 Volpe.”	 Three	 of
them	came	up,	but	none	was	local.	I	tried	a	more	general	Google	search	and	once
again	 found	 nothing	 that	 seemed	 to	 fit.	 I	 then	 searched	 for	 Lyla,	 finding	 her	 on
Facebook	and	Instagram,	though	both	accounts	were	private.	All	I	could	see	were
her	profile	pictures,	two	different	shots	from	the	same	summer	day.	It	was	clearly
the	same	girl	from	Finch’s	photograph,	but	in	these	pictures	she	looked	so	happy,
standing	on	a	dock	in	a	ruffled,	off-the-shoulder	top	and	white	shorts.	She	was	a
pretty	 girl	 with	 a	 slender	 figure	 and	 beautiful	 long	 hair.	 I	 thought	 about	 her
mother	 again,	 wondering	 not	 only	 when,	 but	 how	 she	 had	 died.	 Then,	 looking
back	at	the	directory	at	Thomas	Volpe’s	email	address,	I	couldn’t	stand	it	another
second.	I	took	a	deep	breath	and	began	typing.
Dear	Thomas,
My	name	is	Nina	Browning.	I’m	Finch’s	mother.	I	know	you	met	my	husband	today,	and	he
shared	with	me	a	bit	about	your	conversation.	I’m	not	sure	how	you	are	feeling,	but	I	believe
that	more	needs	to	be	said	and	done	to	make	things	right….I	was	wondering	if	you’d
consider	meeting	me	to	talk?	I	really	hope	you	say	yes.	More	important,	I	hope	Lyla	is	doing
okay,	in	spite	of	the	horrible	thing	my	son	did	to	her.	I’m	thinking	of	you	both.
Sincerely,
Nina

I	quickly	proofread,	then	sent	it	before	I	could	change	my	mind	or	even	tweak

any	 of	 the	 wording.	 The	 swoosh	 sound	 filled	 my	 office,	 and	 for	 a	 second,	 I
regretted	 making	 contact.	 For	 one,	 I	 knew	 Kirk	 would	 view	 it	 as	 a	 strategic
blunder	and	an	even	greater	betrayal	of	him	and	Finch.	For	another,	and	from	a
strictly	 practical	 standpoint,	 what	 was	 I	 going	 to	 say	 to	 this	 man	 if	 he	 agreed	 to
meet	with	me?
Just	as	I	convinced	myself	it	was	a	moot	point	because	Thomas	likely	wouldn’t
write	 back	 (after	 all,	 he	 had	 taken	 Kirk’s	 cash),	 his	 name	 popped	 onto	 my
computer	screen.	My	heart	quickening	with	a	mix	of	relief	and	dread,	I	went	to	my
in-box,	opened	the	email,	and	read:	Tomorrow	3:30	pm	@Bongo	East?	Tom.
That	works,	I	typed,	my	hands	shaking.	See	you	then.

—
THE	FOLLOWING	MORNING	 was	nothing	short	of	torture	as	I	paced	around	the	house,
stared	 at	 the	 clock,	 and	 counted	 down	 the	 minutes	 until	 my	 appointment	 with
Tom.	At	eleven,	I	made	myself	go	to	a	meditation	class	with	one	of	my	most	Zen
instructors,	but	it	did	no	good	whatsoever.	A	jangled	mass	of	nerves,	I	came	home,
showered,	and	blew	out	my	hair.	It	came	out	a	little	too	full	and	“done,”	so	I	put	it
in	a	ponytail,	then	loosened	a	few	strands	around	my	face.	I	did	my	makeup	with	a
light	 touch,	 skipping	 eyeliner	 altogether,	 then	 went	 to	 my	 closet	 to	 pick	 out	 an
outfit.	The	transitional	spring	weather	is	always	tricky,	especially	when	it	comes	to
footwear.	It	was	too	warm	for	boots,	too	chilly	for	sandals.	Pumps	felt	too	dressy,
and	flats	stripped	me	of	confidence—which	I	very	much	needed.	I	finally	selected	a
simple	 nude	 wedge	 and	 a	 navy-blue	 DVF	 wrap	 dress.	 I	 kept	 my	 jewelry	 simple
with	 diamond	 studs	 and	 my	 wedding	 band,	 removing	 my	 showier	 engagement
ring.	I	knew	it	was	ridiculously	superficial	to	focus	so	much	on	appearances	at	a
time	 like	 this,	 editing	 such	 small	 details,	 but	 I	 also	 believe	 that	 first	 impressions
matter,	and	I	wanted	to	show	him	respect	without	being	at	all	ostentatious.
Overcompensating	 for	 Nashville	 traffic	 and	 my	 own	 tendency	 to	 run	 late,	 I
arrived	 at	 Five	 Points	 twenty	 minutes	 early,	 finding	 one	 of	 only	 three	 parking
spots	in	front	of	the	small	stand-alone	building	housing	the	East	End	coffee	shop.
I’d	 never	 been	 inside	 before,	 but	 I’d	 passed	 it	 plenty	 of	 times	 and	 remembered
Finch	 telling	 me	 that	 it	 was	 also	 known	 as	 Game	 Point.	 I	 could	 see	 why.	 On	 the
back	 wall,	 simple	 wood-and-iron	 shelves	 were	 lined	 with	 more	 than	 a	 hundred
board	games,	many	of	them	vintage,	all	available	for	patrons	to	play.	Nearby,	an
older	 couple	 played	 Battleship.	 They	 looked	 to	 be	 newly	 dating,	 very	 happy.	 At
other	tables	sat	many	solo	customers,	most	with	laptops	or	reading	material.
I	got	in	a	very	short	line,	scanning	a	colorful	chalkboard	menu.	I	ordered	a	latte
and	a	sweet-potato	white-chocolate	muffin	that	looked	interesting	but	that	I	knew
I	 probably	 wouldn’t	 eat	 because	 my	 stomach	 was	 in	 knots.	 I	 paid,	 dropping	 a
dollar	bill	into	a	tip	jar	that	read:	 AFRAID	OF	CHANGE?	 LEAVE	 IT	 HERE!,	then	stood	to
the	side,	waiting	for	a	tattooed	male	barista	to	make	my	drink.	Glancing	around,	I
took	 note	 of	 the	 exposed	 HVAC	 lining	 the	 industrial	 ceiling,	 the	 concrete	 floor

painted	 evergreen,	 and	 the	 bright	 sunlight	 filtering	 through	 high	 glass-block
windows.	The	place	was	so	mellow,	a	vibe	unlike	the	Starbucks	and	juice	bars	in
my	neighborhood.	When	my	latte	was	ready,	I	took	it	from	the	counter,	along	with
the	 muffin	 they’d	 microwaved	 and	 put	 on	 a	 plate,	 and	 found	 a	 table	 against	 the
wall	close	to	the	game	corner.	I	sat	in	the	chair	facing	the	door,	where	I	sipped	my
coffee	and	waited.
At	exactly	three-thirty,	a	man	of	average	height	and	build	walked	in	and	glanced
around.	He	looked	slightly	too	young	to	have	a	teenager,	but	as	his	eyes	rested	on
me,	I	felt	sure	that	it	was	Tom	Volpe.
I	did	a	half	stand	and	mouthed	his	name.	He	was	probably	too	far	away	to	read
my	 lips,	 but	 he	 clearly	 got	 the	 gist	 of	 my	 body	 language,	 because	 he	 nodded,
lowered	 his	 head,	 and	 walked	 toward	 me.	 With	 brown	 hair	 a	 little	 on	 the	 longer
side,	a	couple	days	of	beard	growth,	and	a	strong	jaw,	he	looked	like	a	carpenter.	A
second	later,	he	was	standing	at	the	edge	of	my	table,	looking	right	at	me.	I	stood
the	whole	way.	“Tom?”	I	said.
“Yes,”	he	said	in	a	low,	deep	voice.	He	did	not	initiate	a	handshake,	or	smile,	or
do	any	of	the	typical	things	people	do	when	they	meet,	yet	there	was	nothing	about
him	 that	 seemed	 hostile.	 His	 demeanor	 was	 a	 small	 relief	 but	 almost	 more
unsettling	than	anger.	It	gave	me	no	starting	point.
“Hi,”	I	said,	running	my	palms	along	the	sides	of	my	dress.	“I’m	Nina.”
“Yes,”	he	said.	His	gaze	was	empty.
“It’s	nice	to	meet	you,”	I	blurted	out,	instantly	regretting	it,	as	there	was	nothing
nice	about	this	moment—and	we	both	knew	it.
But	he	let	me	off	the	hook,	announcing	that	he	was	going	to	get	a	coffee,	then
turned	 abruptly	 and	 headed	 toward	 the	 cash	 register.	 I	 waited	 a	 few	 seconds
before	 sitting	 back	 down,	 then	 looked	 over	 my	 shoulder,	 covertly	 studying	 him
further.	He	appeared	fit	and	athletic,	or	at	least	naturally	strong.	He	was	wearing
faded	blue	jeans,	an	untucked	gray	Henley,	and	rugged	boots	that	were	hard	to	put
in	 a	 category.	 They	 weren’t	 country	 or	 western,	 nor	 were	 they	 of	 the	 lug-sole
“workman”	variety.	And	they	certainly	weren’t	at	all	Euro	or	trendy,	like	the	ones
lining	the	shelves	of	Kirk’s	closet.
I	watched	him	pay,	drop	his	change	into	the	tip	jar,	and	collect	his	coffee	before
heading	 back	 my	 way.	 I	 lowered	 my	 head	 and	 took	 a	 few	 deep	 breaths,	 still
uncertain	of	exactly	what	I	was	going	to	say.
A	moment	later	he	was	sitting	across	from	me.	I	watched	him	flip	the	lid	off	his
coffee	with	his	thumb,	then	wave	the	steam	away	from	the	cup.	As	he	met	my	gaze,
my	mind	went	blank.	Why	wasn’t	I	better	prepared?	No	wonder	Kirk	never	trusted
me	to	take	important	meetings	alone.
Tom	spoke	first,	saving	me,	though	I	knew	that	wasn’t	his	intention.	“You	look
familiar,”	he	said,	squinting	a	little.	“Have	we	met	before?”

“I	don’t	think	so,”	I	said.	“Maybe	just	from	Windsor?”
“No.	 It’s	 not	 that,”	 he	 said,	 shaking	 his	 head.	 “I	 feel	 like	 it’s	 something
else….Longer	ago.”
I	bit	my	lip,	starting	to	sweat,	and	wishing	I	hadn’t	worn	silk.	“I	don’t	know…I’m
not	very	good	with	faces.	Sometimes	I	think	I	have	that	disorder….”
“Which	disorder	is	that?”	he	said	with	a	slight	tilt	of	his	head.	“The	one	where
you	don’t	pay	attention?”
I	was	pretty	sure	he’d	just	made	a	jab	at	me,	implying	that	I	was	self-absorbed.
But	 I	 was	 in	 no	 position	 to	 be	 defensive.	 So	 I	 simply	 said,	 “No.	 It’s	 a	 real	 thing.
Facial	 blindness,	 I	 think	 it’s	 called….I’m	 pretty	 sure	 I	 have	 a	 touch	 of	 that…but
anyway.”
“Yes.	 Anyway,”	 he	 echoed,	 glancing	 down	 to	 put	 the	 lid	 back	 on	 his	 coffee.	 It
took	him	a	second	to	get	it	on,	pressing	it	all	around	the	perimeter,	clearly	in	no
rush	whatsoever.	He	raised	the	cup	to	his	lips	and	took	a	long	sip	before	looking	at
me	again.	This	time	he	didn’t	save	me.
“So,”	I	finally	said.	“I’m	not	sure	where	to	begin.”
“I’m	sorry.	Can’t	help	you	there,”	he	said,	with	the	first	real	trace	of	animosity.
“I	know…I	just…Well,	as	I	said	in	the	email,	I	don’t	think	my	husband	handled
things	with	you	the	right	way….”
Tom	nodded,	his	light	brown	eyes	somewhere	between	cool	and	loathing.	“Oh,
you	mean	his	attempt	to	buy	me	off?”
My	stomach	dropped.	“Yes,”	I	said.	“That.	Among	other	things.”
It	fleetingly	occurred	to	me	that	Tom	could	have	already	deposited	or	spent	the
money—and	then	what	would	I	be	saying	about	him	as	well?	But	no,	he	had	used
the	word	attempt.
Sure	 enough,	 he	 reached	 into	 his	 back	 pocket	 for	 his	 wallet,	 opened	 it,	 and
pulled	 out	 a	 stack	 of	 crisp,	 new	 bills.	 He	 slid	 the	 pile	 of	 cash	 across	 the	 table.	 I
looked	 down	 and	 saw	 Benjamin	 Franklin’s	 familiar	 grimace,	 feeling	 queasy	 as	 I
tried	to	formulate	a	sentence.
“For	 what	 it’s	 worth,	 I	 can’t	 believe	 he	 did	 this,”	 I	 said,	 staring	 down	 at	 the
money.	“I	mean	I	know	that	he	did…give	you	this…but	I	had	nothing	to	do	with	his
decision.	This	isn’t	how	I	wanted	to	handle	things.”
“And	how	did	you	want	to	handle	things?”
I	told	him	I	didn’t	know	exactly.
He	 winced,	 then	 took	 another	 sip	 of	 coffee.	 “But	 you	 weren’t	 in	 favor	 of
bribery?”	he	asked.
“No,”	I	said,	completely	flustered.	“I	had	no	idea	he	was	going	to	give	you…this.”

“Yep.	Fifteen	thousand	dollars,”	Tom	said,	glancing	at	the	stack	again.	“And	it’s
all	there.”
I	looked	down	at	it,	shaking	my	head.
“So?	What	was	he	bribing	me	to	do,	exactly?”
“I	don’t	know,”	I	said,	meeting	his	gaze	again.
He	gave	me	an	incredulous	look	that	bordered	on	a	smile.	“You	don’t	know?”
I	swallowed	and	made	myself	say	what	I	really	thought.	“I	believe	that	he	was
trying	 to…motivate	 you	 to	 tell	 Walter	 Quarterman	 that	 you	 don’t	 think	 Finch
should	go	before	the	Windsor	Honor	Council.”
“You	mean	bribe	me.”
“Yes.”
“And	what	do	you	think?”
“What	do	you	mean?”	I	stammered.
“Do	you	think	Finch	should	go	before	the	Honor	Council?”
I	nodded.	“Yes.	I	do,	actually.”
“Why?”	he	fired	back.
“Because	what	he	did	was	wrong.	So	wrong.	And	I	think	he	needs	to	face	some
consequences.”
“Such	as?”	Tom	pressed.
“Well,	I	don’t	know….Whatever	the	school	decides	is	right….”
Tom	let	out	a	caustic	laugh.
“What’s	funny?”	I	said,	feeling	a	stab	of	indignation.	Couldn’t	he	see	how	hard	I
was	trying?	Couldn’t	he	cut	me	a	break?	Just	a	small	one?
“Nothing’s	funny…believe	me,”	he	said,	his	smile	fading	into	another	stony	gaze.
We	stared	at	each	other	for	a	few	seconds	before	he	cleared	his	throat	and	said,
“I	 was	 just	 wondering,	 Nina…how	 much	 do	 you	 and	 your	 husband	 give	 to	 the
school?	Above	and	beyond	tuition?”
“What	 do	 you	 mean?”	 I	 asked,	 although	 it	 was	 perfectly	 clear	 what	 he	 was
getting	at.
“I	mean…do	you	have	any	buildings	named	after	you	on	Windsor’s	campus?”
“No,”	I	said,	although	we	did	have	a	conference	room	in	the	library	named	after
us.	And	a	fountain.	“Honestly,	I	don’t	see	how	that	is	relevant….Despite	what	Kirk
tried	to	do—which	is	awful—Mr.	Quarterman	isn’t	like	that—”
“Isn’t	like	what?”

“He’s	 a	 good	 person.	 He’s	 not	 going	 to	 make	 a	 decision	 here	 based	 on	 what
we’ve	given	to	the	school,”	I	said.
“Okay,	look,”	Tom	said,	leaning	over	his	coffee,	his	face	close	enough	to	mine	for
me	 to	 make	 out	 the	 flecks	 of	 gold	 in	 his	 beard.	 “Say	 what	 you	 want.	 But	 I	 know
how	the	world	works.	And	so,	apparently,	does	your	husband.”	His	voice	was	calm
but	his	eyes	were	angry	as	he	pushed	the	pile	of	bills	toward	me.
“Well.	Obviously,	my	husband	got	it	wrong	this	time,”	I	said,	my	voice	shaking	a
little.	I	gestured	toward	the	money,	then	finally	got	rid	of	it,	sliding	the	bills	into
my	purse.
Tom	 refused	 to	 grant	 me	 the	 point	 and	 instead	 said,	 “Your	 son	 got	 into
Princeton.	Am	I	correct?”
“Yes,”	I	said.
“Congratulations.	You	must	be	really	proud.”
“I	 was,”	 I	 said.	 “But	 I’m	 not	 proud	 now.	 I’m	 ashamed	 of	 my	 son.	 And	 my
husband.	And	I’m	just	so	sorry—”
He	stared	at	me,	then	said,	“Look.	Here’s	the	way	I	see	it.	Your	husband	wanted
to	 make	 this	 go	 away	 with	 money.	 And	 you’re	 trying	 to	 do	 the	 same	 thing	 with
words.	With	a	nice	apology.	You	recognize	your	husband’s	a	bit	of	an	asshole,	so
you’re	trying	to	clean	up	after	him.	And	ditto	for	your	son.”
My	 cheeks	 on	 fire,	 I	 shook	 my	 head	 and	 said,	 “No.	 That’s	 not	 what	 I’m	 doing.
I’m	not	here	trying	to	clean	anything	up,	or	make	anything	go	away.	I’m	just	here
to	tell	you	I’m	sorry.	Because	I	am.”
“Okay.	And?”
“And	what?”	I	said.
“Does	that	make	you	feel	better?	Telling	me	that?	Are	you	hoping	that	I’m	going
to	tell	you	not	to	worry	about	it?	No	hard	feelings.	All’s	forgiven.	And…and	you’re
not	like	your	husband	and	son?”	His	voice	was	stronger	now,	and	he	was	talking
with	his	hands.	I	noticed	calluses	on	them,	and	a	deep,	long	cut	on	the	back	of	his
left	thumb.	The	scab	looked	new.
I	shook	my	head	and	said	an	adamant	no,	though	deep	down,	I	knew	I	wasn’t
being	entirely	truthful.	That	was	absolutely	part	of	why	I	was	here.	I	wanted	him
to	know	that	I	was	a	good	person—at	least	I	thought	I	was—and	certainly	not	the
type	to	offer	bribes	to	get	my	way.	“No….I’m	here	to	tell	you	that	I	think	it	should
go	forward	to	the	Honor	Council,”	I	said	softly.	“I	think	you	should	make	sure	that
it	does.”
He	looked	at	me	and	shrugged.	“Okay.	Fine.	Noted.	Is	that	all?”
“No,”	I	said.	Because	there	was	something	else,	too.	Another	reason	I	was	there.
I	made	myself	say	it	at	my	own	peril.	“I’m	also	here	to…ask	about	Lyla….How	is

she?”
A	 look	 of	 surprise	 crossed	 his	 face	 as	 he	 sat	 back	 a	 bit	 in	 his	 chair.	 Several
seconds	passed	before	he	replied.	“She’s	fine,”	he	said.
“What’s	she…like?”	I	said,	preparing	myself	to	be	told	off	again.	For	him	to	tell
me	that	was	none	of	my	business.
But	instead	he	said,	“She’s	a	sweet	kid…but	tough.”
I	 nodded,	 sensing	 I	 was	 about	 to	 be	 dismissed.	 “Well…will	 you	 please	 tell	 her
that	I’m	so	sorry?”
He	 ran	 his	 hand	 over	 his	 stubble,	 then	 leaned	 forward,	 staring	 into	 my	 eyes.
“Why	are	you	sorry,	Nina?	Do	you	think	you’re	to	blame	for	what	your	son	did?”
I	hesitated,	thinking,	and	then	replied,	“Yes.	I	do,	actually.	At	least	in	part.”
“And	why’s	that?”	he	pressed.
“Because,”	I	said.	“I’m	his	mother.	I	should	have	taught	him	better.”
—
AFTER	LEAVING	THE	 East	End	and	crossing	back	over	the	Woodland	Street	Bridge,	I
couldn’t	 make	 myself	 go	 home.	 Instead,	 I	 wound	 my	 way	 through	 Lower
Broadway—the	 heart	 of	 Nash	 Vegas—with	 all	 of	 its	 neon	 honky-tonks	 and	 juke
joints	 that	 I	 hadn’t	 been	 to	 since	 the	 last	 of	 my	 friends’	 bachelorettes.	 It	 was	 a
shame	 we	 didn’t	 come	 here	 more—I	 love	 live	 music	 at	 Robert’s	 and	 Layla’s	 and
Tootsies.	But	it	really	isn’t	Kirk’s	thing,	unless	he’s	wasted—in	which	case,	it	isn’t
my	thing.
I	 kept	 driving,	 all	 around	 downtown,	 eventually	 turning	 onto	 Sixth	 Avenue,
slowing	as	I	passed	the	Hermitage.	The	same	valet	who	had	opened	the	Uber	door
for	 me	 the	 night	 of	 the	 Hope	 Gala	 was	 out	 in	 front	 again,	 and	 I	 found	 it	 almost
impossible	to	believe	that	it	had	been	only	five	days	since	the	incident.	So	much
had	changed	since	then—or	at	least	so	much	had	been	acknowledged	in	my	own
heart.
My	phone	vibrated	in	my	purse	with	an	incoming	call.	I	didn’t	check	to	see	who
it	 was	 as	 I	 drove	 around	 the	 Capitol,	 then	 up	 into	 Germantown.	 Realizing	 I	 was
hungry—famished—I	 pulled	 into	 City	 House.	 It	 had	 been	 a	 long	 time	 since	 I’d
eaten	a	meal	alone	in	public,	and	it	felt	liberating	to	sit	at	the	bar	by	myself.	Not
only	did	Kirk	dictate	where	we	went	but	he	always	picked	our	table,	too,	and	often
ended	 up	 ordering	 for	 us.	 “Why	 don’t	 we	 split	 the	 beef	 tartare	 and	 a	 chopped
salad,	and	then	get	the	trout	and	the	rib	eye?”	he’d	suggest	because	those	were	his
four	 favorites.	 Passivity	 wasn’t	 the	 worst	 sin	 in	 the	 world,	 but	 I	 made	 a	 mental
note	to	start	making	my	own	menu	selections.	Baby	steps.
At	that	moment,	I	went	with	a	margherita	pizza	and	a	Devil’s	Harvest	that	the
bartender	brought	in	a	can.	He	started	to	pour	it	into	a	glass,	but	I	stopped	him

and	 said	 I’d	 do	 it,	 thank	 you.	 My	 phone	 vibrated	 again.	 This	 time	 I	 checked	 it,
finding	missed	calls	and	texts	from	both	Kirk	and	Finch,	asking	me	where	I	was,
when	I’d	be	coming	home,	if	I	wanted	to	join	them	at	Sperry’s	for	an	early	dinner.
I	could	tell	they’d	been	communicating	with	each	other,	as	their	texts	were	worded
so	 similarly,	 and	 I	 wondered	 what	 that	 meant.	 Was	 Kirk	 manipulating	 me?	 Or
were	 they	 both	 just	 appropriately	 worried	 and	 upset?	 I	 wasn’t	 sure,	 but	 I	 wrote
them	both	back	on	a	group	thread,	saying	that	I’d	forgotten	I	“had	something”	and
they	“should	just	go	ahead	without	me.”
After	finishing	my	pint	and	eating	more	pizza	than	I	think	I’d	ever	had	in	one
sitting,	I	paid	the	bill	and	got	back	in	my	car.	I	drove	aimlessly,	headed	toward	the
West	 End,	 ending	 up	 in	 Centennial	 Park,	 where	 Kirk	 and	 I	 used	 to	 take	 Finch,
beginning	 when	 he	 was	 only	 a	 baby	 in	 a	 stroller.	 I	 tried	 to	 pinpoint	 my	 favorite
stage	 of	 his	 life—our	 lives	 together—deciding	 that	 our	 best	 years	 were	 during
middle	 elementary.	 Third	 and	 fourth	 grades,	 ages	 eight	 and	 nine	 or	 so,	 when
Finch	 was	 old	 enough	 to	 really	 articulate	 his	 opinions	 and	 have	 interesting
conversations	 with	 me,	 but	 still	 young	 enough	 to	 hold	 my	 hand	 in	 public.	 The
halfway	point	of	childhood.	God,	I	missed	those	days	so	much.
As	I	sat	on	the	steps	of	the	Parthenon,	which	housed	the	art	museum	where	we
used	to	stroll	as	a	family,	one	memory	rushed	back	to	me.	It	was	late	fall,	both	of
us	wearing	jackets,	and	I	sat	in	a	spot	close	to	this	one	while	Finch	collected	leaves
pretending	to	make	rutabaga	and	collard	green	stew.	He’d	learned	the	words	from
a	children’s	song,	the	lyrics	all	coming	back	to	me	now:	Victor	Vito	and	Freddie
Vasco	/	Ate	a	burrito	with	Tabasco	/	They	put	it	on	their	rice,	they	put	it	on	their
beans	/	on	their	rutabagas,	and	on	their	collard	greens!	I	thought	of	how	much
Finch	 had	 loved	 to	 sing	 and	 dance.	 How	 much	 he’d	 enjoyed	 music	 and	 art	 and
cooking.
“Girly	things,”	Kirk	had	called	them,	always	worrying	that	I	was	making	our	son
“too	soft.”
I	 told	 him	 that	 was	 ridiculous,	 but	 at	 some	 point,	 I	 caved	 to	 my	 husband’s
wishes,	allowing	Finch’s	free	time	to	be	filled	with	more	mainstream	boy	activities.
Sports	and	technology	(Kirk’s	interests)	replaced	music	and	art	(mine).	I	was	fine
with	that—I	just	wanted	our	son	to	be	true	to	himself—but	with	hindsight,	I	had
the	feeling	that	he	was	following	in	his	father’s	footsteps.	In	all	ways.
Maybe	 it	 was	 an	 oversimplification,	 as	 I	 know	 a	 person	 isn’t	 the	 sum	 of	 his
hobbies.	 But	 I	 couldn’t	 help	 feeling	 that	 I	 had	 lost	 my	 son.	 Lost	 both	 of	 them.	 I
longed	 to	 go	 back.	 Do	 things	 differently.	 Give	 Finch	 fewer	 material	 possessions
and	more	of	my	time.	I	would	have	tried	harder	to	keep	talking	to	him,	even	when
he	no	longer	wanted	me	to.
I	thought	back	to	my	own	time	line—the	uptick	of	my	philanthropic	work	and	all
the	socializing	in	those	same	circles	that	began	a	few	years	ago.	How	that	swirl	of
activity	happened	to	coincide	with	both	the	sale	of	Kirk’s	company	and	the	onset
of	Finch’s	teenage	years.	It	was	hard	to	say	which	had	happened	first,	but	I	wasn’t

blameless.	I	thought	about	the	hours	I	spent	on	the	trivial	things	that	had	become
so	 integral	 to	 my	 life.	 Meetings	 and	 parties	 and	 beauty	 appointments	 and
workouts	 and	 tennis	 games	 and	 lunches	 and,	 yes,	 even	 some	 very	 worthwhile
charity	work.	But	to	what	end?	Did	any	of	that	really	matter	now?	What	was	more
important	than	squeezing	in	a	conversation	with	my	son	about	respecting	women
and	other	cultures	and	races?	I	thought	about	Kirk	and	the	hundred-dollar	bills	in
my	bag—how	they	pretty	much	summed	up	his	approach	to	life,	at	least	recently.
I	thought	about	our	marriage,	wondering	exactly	when	our	priorities	had	shifted
away	from	our	relationship	and	toward	other	things.	I	thought	about	all	our	small,
seemingly	 insignificant	 daily	 choices	 and	 their	 cumulative	 effect.	 How	 they	 may
have	 impacted	 Finch,	 even	 subconsciously.	 He	 certainly	 didn’t	 see	 his	 parents
talking	 much	 these	 days,	 and	 when	 we	 did,	 it	 was	 often	 about	 money	 or	 other
superficial	 things.	 Even	 Kirk’s	 compliments	 to	 me	 were	 nearly	 always	 about	 my
looks	or	purchases,	not	my	ideas	or	good	works	or	dreams	(though	I	wasn’t	even
sure	what	those	were	anymore).	Had	it	always	been	that	way	with	Kirk	and	me?
Or	was	I	just	noticing	it	now	that	Finch	was	older	and	consuming	so	much	less	of
my	time?
I	 felt	 a	 deep,	 aching	 loneliness,	 coupled	 with	 a	 painful	 longing	 for	 a	 simpler
time.	 I	 missed	 all	 the	 chores	 that	 once	 felt	 so	 tedious—driving	 my	 son	 to	 school
and	to	all	his	other	activities,	cooking	breakfast	and	dinner	for	him,	nagging	him
to	 go	 to	 bed,	 and	 even	 my	 least	 favorite,	 helping	 him	 with	 his	 homework	 at	 the
kitchen	table.
All	of	that	segued	into	thoughts	of	Tom	and	Lyla.	Their	single-father/daughter
relationship.	Tom’s	reaction	to	Kirk,	then	me.	Lyla’s	feelings	about	everything	that
had	happened	to	her.	I	wanted	to	talk	to	her—so	intensely	that	it	didn’t	quite	make
sense.	Only	it	did—as	if	there	was	no	way	not	to	make	a	connection	between	the
present	and	the	past,	her	story	and	mine,	ancient	and	buried	though	the	memories
were.
—
IT	HAPPENED	IN	 the	fall	of	my	first	semester	at	Vanderbilt,	while	I	was	still	finding
my	 footing	 and	 adjusting	 to	 a	 much	 bigger,	 fancier	 pond.	 I	 had	 been	 more	 than
ready	to	graduate	from	high	school	and	escape	the	mundane	day-to-day	of	Bristol,
but	I	was	still	a	little	homesick.	More	than	missing	my	parents	or	home,	my	heart
ached	for	Teddy,	my	boyfriend	of	nearly	two	years	who	was	three	hours	away	in
Birmingham,	going	to	Samford	University	on	a	basketball	scholarship.	Teddy	and
I	talked	on	the	phone	every	night,	and	wrote	long	letters	by	hand,	always	pledging
our	love	and	undying	commitment	to	each	other.	There	was	no	doubt	in	my	mind
that	he	was	the	“one.”
In	 the	 meantime,	 though,	 I	 forged	 a	 fledgling	 friend	 group,	 consisting	 of	 my
roommate,	Eliza,	and	another	two	girls	on	our	hall—Blake	and	Ashley.	Although
the	four	of	us	were	different	in	many	ways,	including	geography	(Eliza	was	from

New	York,	Blake	from	L.A.,	and	Ashley	from	Atlanta),	the	three	of	them	all	shared
a	certain	wealthy	worldliness,	something	I	distinctly	lacked.	They’d	all	graduated
from	 fancy	 private	 academies	 while	 I’d	 gone	 to	 a	 run-of-the-mill	 public	 high
school.	They’d	traveled	the	world	and	visited	many	of	the	same	spots,	like	Aspen
and	Nantucket	and	Paris.	They’d	even	been	to	more	exotic	places,	like	Africa	and
Asia,	 while	 my	 family’s	 idea	 of	 a	 special	 trip	 was	 the	 Grand	 Canyon	 or	 Disney
World.	 They	 were	 all	 foodies	 (before	 that	 really	 became	 a	 thing)	 and	 they
constantly	 bitched	 about	 the	 cafeteria	 food	 (which	 I	 actually	 thought	 was	 pretty
good).	They	lived	for	the	emerging	restaurant	scene	in	Nashville	and	didn’t	think
twice	 about	 dropping	 their	 dads’	 credit	 cards	 to	 pay	 for	 entrées	 in	 the	 double
digits,	which	I	could	never	afford.	I	avoided	those	outings—or	declared	myself	“not
very	 hungry”	 before	 finding	 something	 from	 the	 appetizer	 portion	 of	 the	 menu.
Their	 wardrobes	 were	 insanely	 good	 (though	 Eliza	 and	 Blake	 went	 for	 edgier
pieces	than	Ashley’s	Laura	Ashley	look)—while	my	clothes	were	extremely	basic;
the	 Gap	 was	 my	 version	 of	 style.	 Although	 they	 weren’t	 trying	 to	 be	 snobs,	 they
just	sort	of	naturally	were	that	way,	and	I	found	myself	struggling	to	keep	up	with
their	 sophisticated	 frame	 of	 reference,	 vacillating	 between	 feeling	 clueless	 and
feeling	embarrassed.
Frankly,	Teddy	didn’t	help	matters.	One	weekend	he	borrowed	his	buddy’s	truck
and	drove	to	Nashville,	showing	up	out	of	the	blue	to	surprise	me	with	a	bouquet
of	wildflowers	he’d	picked	himself	on	the	way.	I	was	thrilled	to	see	him,	of	course,
and	touched	by	the	romantic	gesture,	but	as	the	girls	came	around	to	meet	him,	I
found	myself	feeling	inexplicably	embarrassed.	In	Bristol,	Teddy	was	a	big	deal—
not	only	extremely	handsome	but	also	a	star	athlete.	As	I	looked	at	him	through
their	 eyes,	 he	 seemed	 a	 little	 too	 sweet,	 too	 simple,	 and	 very	 country.	 Even	 his
thick	 drawl,	 which	 I’d	 always	 thought	 was	 so	 cute	 (he	 was	 actually	 born	 in
Mississippi	 and	 had	 grown	 up	 there	 until	 age	 twelve),	 now	 seemed	 to	 border	 on
redneck,	along	with	his	many	backwoods	expressions	(things	weren’t	broken,	they
were	“tore	slap	up”;	they	weren’t	catty-cornered,	they	were	“cattywonked”;	and	he
was	 never	 “about	 to”	 do	 something,	 he	 was	 “fixin’	 to”).	 His	 hair	 and	 clothes	 and
shoes	 all	 seemed	 a	 bit	 off,	 too—nothing	 I	 could	 put	 my	 finger	 on	 exactly	 but
somehow	 noticeably	 different	 from	 the	 boys	 at	 Vanderbilt,	 at	 least	 the	 ones	 my
friends	gravitated	toward.	Of	course,	it	wasn’t	enough	to	shake	my	confidence	in
our	 love—I	 wasn’t	 that	 shallow.	 But	 it	 did	 make	 me	 think	 a	 little	 about	 what	 my
life	would	be	like	with	him,	versus	with	someone	else.
Aside	from	anything	having	to	do	with	Teddy	himself,	I	also	had	the	feeling	my
friends	 thought	 it	 was	 sort	 of	 lame	 of	 me	 to	 have	 come	 to	 school	 with	 such	 a
serious	boyfriend.	One	night,	for	example,	the	three	of	them	were	flipping	through
my	yearbook	(I	never	should	have	brought	that	sucker	to	college—they	had	all	left
theirs	 at	 home)	 and	 saw	 that	 Teddy	 and	 I	 had	 been	 named	 “most	 likely	 to	 get
married.”	It	amused	them	to	no	end,	which	I	couldn’t	quite	understand.
“Omigod!	 Hysterical!”	 Blake	 said,	 cracking	 up	 and	 exchanging	 a	 telling	 look
with	 Ashley.	 It	 wasn’t	 the	 first	 time	 I	 had	 the	 feeling	 that	 they’d	 discussed	 me

behind	my	back.
I	grabbed	my	yearbook	from	them	and	snapped	it	shut.
“It	 doesn’t	 mean	 we	 will	 get	 married,”	 I	 said,	 feeling	 slightly	 guilty	 toward
Teddy.	“Just	that	we’d	been	together	the	longest	or	whatever.”
“Hmm,”	Blake	said.
Eliza	asked,	“Did	I	hear	you	guys	fighting	last	night?”
“We	weren’t	really	fighting,”	I	said,	trying	to	remember	the	precise	topics	from
our	 marathon	 phone	 conversation.	 We	 always	 started	 and	 ended	 well,	 but
occasionally	there	was	some	petty	insecurity	and	jealousy	sprinkled	in.
“Long	 distance	 never	 works,”	 announced	 Blake,	 the	 self-proclaimed	 authority
on	dating	of	any	kind.
“Don’t	say	that,”	said	Eliza,	often	somewhat	protective	of	me,	perhaps	because
I’d	confided	more	in	her.	“It	might.”
“Are	you	at	least	going	to	see	other	people?”	Ashley	pressed.
“Or	just	cheat	on	him?”	Blake	said,	laughing.
“No,	and	no,”	I	said,	aware	of	how	naïve	I	sounded	to	them	but	not	caring.
“But	don’t	you	want	to	experience	sex	with	someone	other	than	Teddy?”	Blake
asked	as	she	lit	a	cigarette.	“He	might	suck,	for	all	you	know.	You	need	a	basis	for
comparison.”
I	swallowed	and	forced	myself	to	make	the	confession	I’d	been	avoiding.	“Umm.
I	actually	haven’t	slept	with	Teddy	yet,”	I	said.
Eliza	 looked	 surprised,	 and	 the	 other	 two	 laughed	 and	 said	 some	 variation	 of
“you	gotta	be	kidding.”
“No,”	I	said.	“But	we’ve	done	everything	else.”
This	addendum	didn’t	impress	them.
“What?	Why?”	Ashley	asked,	as	if	I	were	the	subject	of	a	fascinating	sociological
study.
“I	 don’t	 know….I	 just	 wanted…to	 wait,”	 I	 said,	 thinking	 of	 Julie	 and	 the	 vow
we’d	 made	 during	 our	 freshman	 year	 in	 high	 school	 to	 wait	 as	 long	 as	 we	 could,
and	at	least	until	college.	I	suddenly	felt	an	intense	pang	of	longing	for	the	person
I	never	had	to	explain	these	sorts	of	things	to.
“Wait	for	what?	Marriage?”	Blake	said.	“Is	it	a	religious	thing?”
“No,”	 I	 quickly	 said,	 feeling	 increasingly	 uncomfortable.	 Although	 Teddy
believed	sex	outside	marriage	was	wrong,	he	was	willing	to	sin	if	I	was.
“Oh.	 I	 thought	 Samford	 was	 a	 big	 Bible	 school?”	 Blake	 said,	 her	 tone	 slightly
critical,	though	I	wasn’t	sure	whether	she	was	judging	the	Bible—or	Samford	as	an

academic	institution.
“Yeah,	it’s	a	Christian	school,”	I	said.	“But	he’s	not	a	saint	or	anything.”
“Well,	I	think	it’s	great	to	wait,”	Ashley	said.	Of	all	the	girls’,	our	values	felt	the
closest,	perhaps	because	we	were	both	from	the	South.
Eliza	 and	 Blake	 nodded,	 but	 I	 could	 tell	 they	 weren’t	 buying	 it—and	 that	 they
put	sex	in	the	same	category	as	sushi.	By	eighteen,	you	should	have	tried	both—
and	California	rolls	and	hand	jobs	didn’t	cut	it.
For	 the	 first	 time,	 it	 occurred	 to	 me	 that	 they	 might	 be	 right	 and	 that	 I	 was
playing	 it	 too	 safe.	 After	 all,	 I	 was	 in	 college	 now.	 I	 needed	 to	 be	 a	 little	 bolder,
broaden	 my	 horizons,	 start	 thinking	 for	 myself	 instead	 of	 relying	 so	 much	 on
Teddy.
“Okay,	girls,”	I	said,	eager	to	change	the	subject.	“I’m	ready	for	a	drink.”
In	my	head,	I	was	ready	for	more	than	one.	I	was	ready	to	get	good	and	drunk
for	 the	 first	 time.	 It	 was	 something	 else	 Teddy	 thought	 was	 wrong,	 and	 the	 few
times	I’d	had	a	beer	at	a	party,	he’d	disapproved.	I	once	tried	to	talk	him	out	of	his
stance,	pointing	out	that	people	were	constantly	downing	wine	in	the	Bible.
“But	 it	 also	 says	 to	 obey	 the	 law	 and	 be	 filled	 with	 the	 Spirit,”	 he	 said,	 then
explained	to	me	that	he’d	gotten	drunk	once	with	friends	and	didn’t	like	the	way	it
had	made	him	feel.	“I	was	filled	with	spirits	and	not	the	Spirit.”
I	wasn’t	sure	what	he	meant	exactly,	and	why	you	couldn’t	be	filled	with	both.
But	I	admired	him	for	it.	I	still	did	admire	him,	but	I	decided	that	Teddy	was	more
than	three	hours	away,	and	my	college	experience	didn’t	have	to	mirror	his.
So	I	stood	up,	went	back	to	our	room,	and	made	myself	a	cocktail	from	Eliza’s
makeshift	minibar.	She	was	out	of	mixers,	so	I	poured	Smirnoff	into	a	plastic	cup,
then	added	a	scoop	of	Crystal	Light.	Not	even	bothering	with	ice	from	the	machine
at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 hall,	 I	 began	 to	 chug.	 Almost	 instantly,	 I	 caught	 a	 strong	 buzz,
feeling	 a	 rush	 of	 happiness	 and	 great	 affection	 for	 my	 friends	 and	 all	 things
Vanderbilt.	I	then	borrowed	a	short,	tight	halter	dress	from	Eliza,	and	all	the	girls
agreed	that	I	looked	hot.	Their	compliments	about	my	figure,	hair,	and	face	were
sincere,	 wistful,	 and	 frequent.	 I	 was	 also	 aware	 of	 all	 the	 male	 attention	 that
greeted	us	everywhere	we	went,	and	I	decided	that	being	drunk	at	a	party	was	way
more	 fun	 than	 whining	 to	 Teddy	 on	 the	 phone	 from	 under	 the	 covers	 of	 the	 top
bunk.	Maybe	my	friends	were	right	about	long-distance	relationships,	I	remember
thinking,	as	I	flirted	and	danced	and	continuously	drank,	haphazardly	mixing	beer
and	 liquor.	 At	 the	 very	 least,	 maybe	 Teddy	 and	 I	 needed	 to	 start	 seeing	 other
people.
At	some	point,	I	got	into	a	long,	flirty	conversation	with	one	of	Ashley’s	friends
from	home.	His	name	was	Zach	Rutherford,	and	he	had	a	mop	of	blond	hair	and
the	cutest	dimples.	He	was	several	inches	shorter	than	I	was	and	on	the	scrawny
side—not	my	type	even	if	I	didn’t	have	a	boyfriend—so	I	didn’t	feel	guilty	talking	to

him,	then	dancing	with	him.	When	he	started	to	get	really	friendly,	though,	I	told
him	that	I	was	going	to	head	back	to	my	dorm.
“I’ll	walk	you	home?”	he	offered.
“I	have	a	boyfriend,”	I	blurted	out.
“Duly	noted,”	Zach	said,	laughing.	“I’m	not	trying	to	hit	on	you,	Nina—I’m	just
offering	to	walk	you	back.”
I	hesitated,	then	did	a	sidebar	with	Ashley,	who	reassured	me	that	Zach	was	a
good	 guy,	 adding	 that	 he	 was	 a	 nationally	 ranked	 golfer	 and	 could	 have	 gone	 to
any	school	in	the	country.	“Everyone	in	Atlanta	wanted	to	date	him,”	she	said,	her
implication	clear,	even	before	she	winked	and	added,	“You	never	know!”
I	shook	my	head	and	said,	“He’s	just	walking	me	back.”
By	then	though,	I’d	felt	my	first	stab	of	guilty	attraction	and	intrigue	over	Zach.
But	I	really	did	need	to	get	back,	as	by	then	I	was	wasted,	and	I	told	myself	I	really
could	use	a	male	chaperone	across	campus.
So	 off	 we	 went.	 Only	 before	 we	 got	 to	 my	 dorm,	 Zach	 asked	 if	 we	 could	 do	 a
quick	detour	to	his.	He	needed	to	get	something,	he	said.	I	agreed,	because	I	was
drunkenly	enjoying	the	walk	and	his	company	(though	at	that	point,	I	would	have
enjoyed	 just	 about	 anything).	 When	 we	 got	 to	 his	 dorm,	 I	 started	 to	 wait	 in	 the
lobby	lounge	area,	but	he	suggested	I	come	to	his	room.	I	went	along	with	it.	A	few
minutes	 later,	 we	 were	 cozied	 up	 on	 his	 futon,	 sharing	 a	 beer	 and	 listening	 to
R.E.M.	croon	“Nightswimming.”	When	he	tried	to	kiss	me,	I	went	along	with	that,
too,	pushing	Teddy	as	far	from	my	mind	as	I	possibly	could.
That’s	 pretty	 much	 the	 last	 thing	 I	 vividly	 remember	 from	 the	 night,	 until	 I
woke	up	in	a	strange	bed,	naked,	next	to	a	naked	boy.	At	first,	I	couldn’t	even	place
that	it	was	Zach—but	then	it	all	came	back	to	me	in	a	rush	of	horror.
“Where	are	we?”	I	said,	staring	up	at	the	bottom	rails	of	a	bunk	bed.
“In	my	room,”	he	mumbled.
“What	happened?	Did	we…?”	I	asked,	knowing	we	had	because	it	hurt.	A	lot.	In
the	faint	fluorescent	light	from	his	closet,	I	could	make	out	the	blood,	both	on	his
sheets	and	streaked	down	the	insides	of	my	thighs.
“Yeah,”	he	mumbled,	still	either	out	of	it	or	half	asleep.
“Oh	my	God,”	I	said.	“No.	Nooo!”
“You	wanted	to,”	he	said,	just	as	a	flash	of	it	came	back	to	me.	The	moment	he
entered	me.	The	pain.	My	balled	fists	and	tears.	My	telling	him—shouting	at	him
—no,	stop,	no.	It	was	like	a	bad	dream,	but	it	was	real.	It	had	happened.
The	 room	 spinning,	 I	 managed	 to	 sit	 up,	 frantically	 searching	 for	 my	 clothes,
finding	Eliza’s	white	dress,	twisted	up	in	his	sheets,	along	with	my	underwear.

“You	wanted	to,”	he	said	again,	his	eyes	only	half	open,	his	voice	still	slurring,	as
I	looked	around	in	the	dark	for	my	shoes.	I	couldn’t	find	them,	so	I	headed	out	the
door,	barefoot,	as	Zach	remained	motionless	in	his	bed.
I	ran	back	to	my	dorm,	but	I	didn’t	cry	until	I	got	to	my	room	and	discovered
with	relief	that	Eliza	was	still	out.	I	checked	her	dress	for	blood,	relieved	that	there
was	none.	I	hung	it	up,	then	stripped	out	of	my	clothes,	wrapped	up	in	a	towel,	put
on	 my	 flip-flops,	 and	 walked	 to	 the	 communal	 bathroom.	 I	 took	 the	 hottest	 and
longest	 shower	 of	 my	 life,	 sobbing	 the	 whole	 time,	 then	 returned	 to	 my	 room,
where	 I	 finally	 forced	 myself	 to	 play	 back	 the	 four	 messages	 on	 the	 answering
machine.
They	 were	 all	 from	 Teddy,	 as	 I	 knew	 they	 would	 be,	 his	 voice	 getting
increasingly	worried	and	agitated,	asking	me	to	call	him	no	matter	how	late	I	got
back.	Ending	every	message	with	“I	love	you.”
I	wanted	to	hear	his	voice	more	than	anything	in	the	world,	but	it	was	four	in
the	 morning,	 and	 I	 told	 myself	 he	 would	 be	 asleep	 and	 had	 an	 early	 class.	 I
shouldn’t	wake	him	up.	But	deep	down,	I	knew	the	real	reason	was	that	I	couldn’t
bring	myself	to	tell	him	what	had	happened	any	more	than	I	could	bring	myself	to
lie	 to	 him.	 Instead	 I	 called	 Julie,	 waking	 her	 up	 in	 her	 Wake	 Forest	 dorm	 room,
telling	her	everything.
Almost	immediately,	Julie	used	the	word	rape.
“It	wasn’t	rape,”	I	whispered,	huddled	under	my	covers.	“I	was	kissing	him….”
“It	was	 rape,”	 Julie	 insisted,	 ahead	 of	 her	 time,	 or	 at	 least	 ahead	 of	 my	 1995
views	 of	 what	 constituted	 date	 rape.	 “You	 need	 to	 go	 to	 the	 campus	 police.	 Or
better	yet,	the	Nashville	police.”
I	 told	 her	 that	 was	 crazy.	 Besides,	 I’d	 already	 washed	 away	 all	 the	 evidence.
“Nobody	would	believe	me.”
“Yes.	They	will,”	she	said.	“You	were	a	virgin.”
I	started	to	cry	again.	“I	can’t	go	to	the	police,”	I	sobbed.
“Why	not?”
Because,	I	told	her,	at	the	very	least,	I	shared	the	blame.	It	was	my	mistake,	too.
My	fault	for	leading	him	on.	My	cross	to	bear.
I	also	told	her	that	the	only	fair	punishment	was	for	me	to	lose	Teddy.	I	would
break	up	with	him	in	the	morning—or	after	his	classes	and	practice.	I	had	to	break
up	with	him.	It	was	kinder	than	telling	him	what	had	actually	happened.
“But	you’ll	be	punishing	him,	too,”	she	said.	“Don’t	do	that,	Nina.	You	have	to
tell	him.	You	have	to	talk	to	him.	He’ll	agree	with	me—that	you	need	to	go	to	the
police.”
“No.	I	can’t	do	that	to	him,	Julie.	It	would	ruin	him.	My	drinking…the	kissing…

everything.	He	deserves	better	than	me.”
“But	he	loves	you.	He	wants	you.”
“Not	if	he	knew	this,”	I	said.
“God	teaches	forgiveness,”	she	said,	grasping	at	straws,	knowing	the	way	Teddy
thought—and	that	I	knew	that	was	the	way	Teddy	thought.
“No,”	 I	 cried.	 “Promise	 me,	 Julie.	 You	 won’t	 tell	 him,	 either.	 You	 won’t	 tell
anyone.	Ever.”
She	 made	 the	 promise,	 and	 she	 kept	 it,	 too.	 For	 all	 these	 years.	 Even	 between
the	two	of	us,	we	rarely	spoke	of	it	directly,	although	she	made	veiled	references
whenever	a	similar	case	arose	in	the	media.	Once,	she	even	mentioned	that	what
happened	 to	 me	 was	 part	 of	 why	 she	 was	 an	 advocate	 for	 women,	 her	 clientele
almost	exclusively	female.	She	said	she	wished	she	had	done	more	when	she	was
younger.
I	guess	the	bottom	line	was,	I	wish	I	had	done	more,	too.	Because	I	know	that
Zach	Rutherford	raped	me.	And	although	I	truly	believed	that	Finch	hadn’t	done
anything	 nearly	 that	 horrible	 to	 Lyla,	 it	 was	 still	 terrible.	 Just	 like	 Zach,	 my	 son
had	taken	advantage	of	an	innocent	girl	who	was	in	a	vulnerable	situation.	He	had
exploited	her.	Used	her.	Treated	her	like	trash.
In	many	ways,	Finch	was	Zach,	and	I	was	Lyla.	And	I	didn’t	want	Finch	to	haunt
her	the	way	Zach	had	haunted	me.
So	I	stood	up,	slinging	my	purse	full	of	cash	over	my	shoulder,	and	walked	back
to	 my	 car	 in	 the	 setting	 spring	 sun.	 I	 wasn’t	 sure	 what	 I	 would	 do	 next.	 But	 it
would	be	more	than	nothing,	that	was	for	sure.

I’

ve	always	considered	myself	lucky	that	I	could	mostly	earn	a	living	by	doing
what	 I	 love,	 but	 a	 bonus	 has	 been	 the	 sheer	 escape	 that	 comes	 with
woodworking.	What	do	they	call	it?	Being	in	the	zone	or	the	flow?	Whatever	the
case,	 I	 did	 my	 best	 to	 push	 everything	 out	 of	 my	 head	 that	 afternoon	 in	 my
workshop.	 As	 I	 measured,	 marked,	 and	 cut	 shelves	 for	 a	 spruce	 bookcase,	 I	 felt
myself	start	to	relax	for	the	first	time	in	days,	my	mind	going	blissfully	blank.
Unfortunately,	the	shelves	were	too	basic—I	could	have	made	them	blindfolded.
So	 before	 long,	 I	 found	 my	 thoughts	 returning	 to	 Nina	 Browning.	 I	 had	 almost
been	looking	forward	to	hating	her	as	much	as	I	hated	her	husband	and	kid,	and	I
couldn’t	wait	to	throw	that	goddamn	pile	of	money	in	her	face.	Yet	for	some	odd
reason,	I	couldn’t	quite	muster	anything	stronger	than	a	mild,	theoretical	dislike
for	her,	which	was	frustrating	and	disorienting.	The	fact	that	I	felt	like	I’d	met	her
before	didn’t	help	matters.	Unlike	Nina,	I	felt	like	I	was	pretty	good	with	faces.	But
the	full	truth	was	I	was	good	with	certain	faces,	the	same	way	I	could	remember
an	 exceptional	 piece	 of	 furniture.	 Nina	 had	 that	 sort	 of	 vivid,	 memorable	 look.
Very	pretty	but	not	at	all	generic.
I	glanced	at	the	old-school	clock	mounted	on	the	wall	over	my	workbench	and
saw	that	it	was	nearly	seven.	Lyla	had	gotten	a	ride	home	from	school	with	Grace,
but	I	tried	to	make	it	a	point	to	be	home	for	dinner,	even	when	I	planned	to	return
to	 my	 workshop	 or	 squeeze	 in	 a	 few	 late-night	 Uber	 trips.	 I	 texted	 her	 now	 and
asked	what	she	wanted	to	eat,	knowing	she’d	say	she	didn’t	care.	Even	when	she
wasn’t	 angry	 with	 me,	 she	 had	 trouble	 making	 decisions.	 A	 minute	 later	 the
predictable	reply	came	in.	Don’t	care.	Not	hungry.
As	I	swept	up	and	put	away	my	tools,	my	mind	returned	to	Nina.	Her	face.	Her
legs,	which	I’d	caught	a	glimpse	of	when	she	stood	up	to	say	hello.	There	was	no
denying	she	was	attractive,	which	pissed	me	off	almost	as	much	as	the	fact	that	I
didn’t	hate	her.	I	blew	sawdust	off	my	drill	bit	and	told	myself	it	didn’t	matter.	She
was	an	asshole.	I	knew	her	type.	Only	an	asshole	married	a	guy	like	that,	and	only
an	asshole	would	raise	a	son	who	would	do	what	hers	did,	especially	when	he	had
everything	in	the	world	going	for	him.	Privilege,	popularity,	Princeton.	She’d	said
it	herself—she	was	his	mother.
Women	 are	 just	 better	 at	 faking	 it	 if	 and	 when	 they	 need	 to,	 and	 clearly	 Nina
Browning	was	either	a	good	actress	or	just	plain	crafty.	A	regular	con	artist.	She

knew	to	ask	about	Lyla,	feigning	a	little	maternal	compassion.	Her	ploy	had	very
nearly	 worked	 on	 me,	 until	 she	 overplayed	 her	 hand.	 There	 was	 no	 chance	 she
wanted	me	to	pursue	the	Honor	Council	charges	against	her	son,	especially	given
that	he’d	just	been	accepted	to	Princeton.	Zilch.	Why	would	she	risk	that	for	a	girl
she’d	never	met?	She	wouldn’t,	plain	and	simple.	And	to	think	I’d	almost	bought
her	 reverse-psychology	 bullshit.	 I	 pictured	 her	 now,	 drinking	 a	 martini	 with	 her
friends,	feeling	smug	about	how	she’d	manipulated	another	guy	with	her	bullshit
lines.
And	that’s	when	it	hit	me.	Where	I	had	seen	her	before.	It	was	about	four	years
ago,	 maybe	 more,	 as	 I	 tended	 to	 underestimate	 the	 passage	 of	 time	 these	 days.
She’d	come	to	the	home	of	a	client	who	had	hired	me	to	redo	cabinetry	in	what	she
called	her	“keeping	room.”	This	woman,	whose	name	I	couldn’t	recall	for	the	life
of	me,	was	about	the	same	age	and	profile	as	Nina—meaning	she,	too,	lived	in	a
Belle	Meade	mansion,	though	not	as	grand	as	Nina’s.	I’d	actually	gotten	the	initial
call	from	her	contractor	explaining	that	she	was	impossible	to	please,	hadn’t	been
happy	with	the	work	of	a	former	carpenter,	and	wanted	to	start	over	from	scratch.
She	didn’t	like	his	design,	though	she	had	signed	off	on	the	drawings,	nor	did	she
like	the	materials	he’d	used,	though	she’d	also	approved	his	choice	of	teak.
“I	wouldn’t	blame	you	for	not	touching	this	one,”	the	guy	had	said.	“She’s	a	real
pain	in	the	ass.”
I	very	nearly	heeded	his	warning,	but	I	needed	the	money,	as	always,	so	I	took
the	gig.	When	I	went	over	to	meet	her,	I	actually	tried	to	talk	her	out	of	the	redo,
explaining	the	flaws	she	perceived	in	the	teak	would	likely	disappear	with	a	coat	of
paint	 and	 certainly	 two	 or	 three,	 and	 that,	 in	 my	 opinion,	 she’d	 be	 wasting	 her
money.	She	was	unconvinced	and	undeterred,	or	maybe	she	just	wanted	to	waste
money.
So	 I	 took	 the	 job,	 agreeing	 to	 use	 mahogany	 and	 a	 new,	 more	 detailed	 design
with	 a	 lot	 of	 flourishes	 and	 scrollwork	 that	 she’d	 pulled	 from	 a	 design	 magazine
and	that	I	actually	thought	were	a	little	too	McMansion-y.
Suffice	 it	 to	 say—the	 contractor	 was	 right.	 It	 was	 a	 long	 three	 weeks	 with	 this
woman,	 though	 not	 because	 she	 was	 hard	 to	 please.	 She	 was	 thrilled	 with	 my
work.	But	she	never	left	me	alone,	never	shut	up	or	shut	down	her	monologue	of
complaints	 about	 her	 life,	 whether	 online	 ordering	 snafus	 (her	 house	 was	 like	 a
FedEx	depot)	or	tennis	team	drama.	Every	day	at	five	o’clock	sharp,	she’d	open	a
bottle	 of	 wine,	 which	 was	 my	 cue	 to	 try	 to	 leave,	 and	 her	 cue	 to	 offer	 me
“overtime”	and	a	glass	of	my	own.	I	explained	more	than	once	that	I	didn’t	drink
on	 the	 job,	 at	 which	 point	 she’d	 assault	 me	 with	 peer	 pressure	 I	 hadn’t
experienced	since	junior	high.	“Oh,	come	on,	don’t	be	such	a	Goody	Two-shoes,”
she’d	say.	“One	little	glass.”	A	couple	times	I	relented,	taking	a	few	sips	just	to	shut
her	 up	 while	 she	 polished	 off	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 bottle,	 often	 then	 delving	 into
complaints	about	her	husband.	How	he	was	never	around,	that	he	didn’t	listen	to
her,	that	he	bitched	about	her	spending	habits.

And	 that’s	 where	 Nina	 Browning	 came	 in,	 quite	 literally,	 showing	 up	 one
evening	 for	 what	 looked	 to	 be	 a	 big	 night	 out.	 What’s	 Her	 Name	 wasn’t	 quite
ready,	 so	 she	 handed	 her	 friend	 a	 glass	 of	 wine	 and	 told	 her	 she’d	 be	 back	 in	 a
second.	At	least	a	half	hour	passed	in	which	I	continued	to	work	and	Nina	typed
away	 on	 her	 phone	 in	 the	 adjoining	 kitchen.	 Meanwhile,	 we	 each	 pretended	 the
other	wasn’t	just	a	few	feet	away.	At	one	point,	she	got	a	call,	and	I	had	the	feeling
it	 was	 from	 her	 husband	 or	 someone	 she	 was	 very	 close	 to.	 Because	 she	 started
speaking	in	a	hushed	voice,	complaining	about	how	What’s	Her	Name	was	always
late.	When	she	hung	up,	she	caught	me	looking	at	her,	let	out	a	little	laugh,	and
said,	“You	didn’t	hear	that.”
I	smiled	and	said	something	like	“Oh,	yeah,	I	did.”
“She’s	a	great	friend,	but	never	on	time.”
“Maybe	if	she	talked	a	little	less….”
This	 made	 her	 laugh	 a	 real	 laugh,	 showing	 a	 lot	 of	 big	 white	 teeth	 and	 how
pretty	she	was	and,	perhaps	more	noteworthy,	how	unlike	her	friend	she	seemed
to	be.	More	real,	less	insecure.	She	was	interacting	with	me	as	an	equal	and	not	as
the	carpenter	she	could	pay	overtime	to	drink	with	her.
A	 few	 minutes	 later,	 What’s	 Her	 Name	 sauntered	 into	 the	 kitchen	 and
announced	that	I	could	keep	working;	she	“trusted	me	in	the	house.”	She	meant	it
as	the	highest	of	compliments,	but	of	course	it	was	actually	an	insulting	sentiment
—which	Nina	picked	up	on	with	a	subtle	eye	roll.	Then	they	were	gone.
That	was	it,	really.	Not	much	of	a	meeting	at	all.	But	it	was	still	a	reference	point
that	made	me	think	it	was	possible	that	our	conversation	today	had	been	sincere
rather	 than	 a	 coffee-shop	 performance.	 Then	 again,	 they	 both	 could	 have	 been
performances.	 I	 shut	 off	 the	 lights,	 locked	 up	 my	 workshop,	 and	 walked	 to	 my
truck,	telling	myself	none	of	this	mattered.	Whether	she	was	a	decent	person	was
in	some	ways	as	wholly	irrelevant	as	her	looks.	It	didn’t	change	what	her	son	had
done,	 and	 it	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 change	 my	 decision.	 Yet	 as	 I	 drove	 home,	 I	 found
myself	 wondering	 about	 her—who	 she	 really	 was	 as	 a	 person.	 For	 some
inexplicable	 reason,	 I	 wanted—somehow	 needed—to	 know	 the	 truth	 about	 Nina
Browning.	 Which	 is	 why	 I	 was	 more	 than	 a	 little	 intrigued	 when	 I	 received	 her
email	that	night—and	unable	to	resist	the	back	and	forth	that	followed.
Tom,
Thank	you	so	much	for	meeting	me	with	me	today.	Although	it	was	difficult,	I’m	glad	we	had
the	chance	to	talk	through	things.	I	was	wondering	if	you’d	be	open	to	getting	together
again,	this	time	with	Finch	and	Lyla?	Obviously	I	won’t	press	the	issue	if	you’re
uncomfortable	with	the	idea,	but	I	think	it	might	be	good	for	both	of	them.	Let	me	know	your
thoughts.
Best,
Nina

…

Thank	you	for	following	up	and	for	the	offer.	Let	me	talk	to	Lyla	and	see	how	she	feels.	Oh.
And	I	think	I	figured	out	where	we	met.	Do	you	have	a	friend	who	lives	in	a	brick	house	on
Lynwood?	Pretty	sure	I	met	you	while	working	there	a	number	of	years	ago.	T.

…
Oh	my	goodness!	Yes,	I	do!	Melanie	Lawson.	I	totally	remember	chatting	with	you	now!
(And	this	proves	that	I	am	bad	with	faces,	because	I	remember	everything	else	about	our
conversation	:)
Nina
ps	You	did	a	beautiful	job	at	her	house.	She	still	raves	about	you.
pps	She’s	a	Windsor	parent,	too.	Did	you	know	that?

…
No.	I’m	not	really	into	the	whole	Windsor	social	scene.

…
I	hear	you.	I	love	the	school,	but	it	is	quite	a	scene	at	times.	We’ve	been	there	since	Finch
was	in	kindergarten	so	I’m	used	to	it	at	this	point….Also,	I’m	not	sure	that	this	is	at	all
relevant,	but	I	feel	like	I	should	tell	you	that	that’s	where	the	kids	were	the	night	in	question
(at	Melanie’s	house).	Her	son	had	a	party	(without	her	permission).	Small	world.	Or
something?

…
I’ll	go	with	“or	something.”	And	nothing	is	really	in	question,	is	it?

…
Yes.	Two	poor	expressions	to	use	under	these	circumstances.	I’m	sorry.	And	I’m	so	sorry
again	for	what	Finch	did.	I	know	those	are	just	words,	but	they	are	heartfelt.	I	really	want	to
try	to	make	things	right.	I	hope	you	believe	that.	And	I	hope	Finch	will	have	the	chance	to
meet	with	Lyla	and	tell	her	all	of	this	himself.

…
Thanks.	I’ll	talk	to	Lyla	and	be	in	touch	soon.

T

here	 was	 no	 such	 thing	 as	 a	 kept	 secret	 in	 the	 Windsor	 community,	 and
although	I	hoped	the	fire	would	be	contained,	I	knew	that	it	was	only	a	matter
of	time	before	it	raged.	Based	on	my	experience	with	other	people’s	drama,	I	gave
it	a	week.
I	 was	 pretty	 much	 dead-on	 because	 by	 the	 following	 morning—six	 days	 after
Beau’s	 party—my	 phone	 was	 blowing	 up	 with	 friends,	 and	 even	 some
acquaintances,	 gingerly	 “checking	 in	 on”	 me.	 I	 suppose	 some	 were	 genuinely
concerned	over	the	development.	But	I	think	most	were	more	in	Kathie’s	camp,	on
some	level,	perhaps	even	subconsciously,	reveling	in	the	gossip	and	indifferent	to
the	fact	that	they	were	so	casually	and	cavalierly	deepening	the	crisis	not	only	for
Finch	(who	arguably	deserved	what	he	was	getting)	but	also	for	Lyla.
I	crafted	a	pat	reply	(“Thank	you	for	your	concern	and	kind	words”)	and	vowed
to	 avoid	 my	 usual	 stomping	 grounds—all	 the	 places	 where	 I	 inevitably	 ran	 into
people	 I	 knew.	 Starbucks	 and	 Fix	 Juice,	 the	 Green	 Hills	 mall	 and	 Whole	 Foods,
my	spin	and	yoga	studios,	and	of	course	the	club.
The	only	person	I	continued	to	discuss	it	with	was	Melanie,	who	was	so	fiercely
partisan	that	I	think	I	could	shoot	someone	on	Belle	Meade	Boulevard	and	she’d
say	I	must	have	had	a	good	reason.	She	sent	me	screenshot	after	screenshot	from
people	 opining	 on	 the	 matter,	 often	 with	 rumors	 they’d	 heard	 through	 the
grapevine:	Lyla	was	completely	naked;	Finch	had	put	something	in	her	drink;	the
two	had	engaged	in	sexual	activity.	The	story	was	constantly	being	embellished.
Every	time,	Melanie	came	fiercely	to	Finch’s	defense,	setting	the	record	straight,
typing	replies	in	all	caps	with	a	bounty	of	exclamation	points.	Even	when	it	came
to	 the	 true	 parts	 of	 the	 story,	 she	 rationalized	 and	 insisted	 that	 this	 was	 “a	 good
kid	who	had	made	a	mistake.”
On	 one	 level,	 I	 truly	 appreciated	 her	 loyalty,	 particularly	 when	 she	 was
correcting	 falsehoods.	 On	 another,	 deeper	 level,	 her	 indignation	 made	 me
incrementally	more	ashamed.	After	all,	Finch	was	 guilty.	 Maybe	 not	 guilty	 of	 all
the	 accusations	 swirling	 around	 the	 rumor	 mill,	 but	 guilty	 nonetheless.	 It	 was	 a
fact	that	seemed	to	be	lost	on	her,	just	as	it	was	on	Kirk.
On	Friday	evening,	she	showed	up	at	my	house,	distraught	and	in	disarray—at
least	by	Melanie’s	high	grooming	standards.

“What	happened?”	I	said,	opening	the	door.
“Didn’t	you	get	my	texts?	I	told	you	I	was	on	my	way	over….”
“No.	 I	 haven’t	 looked	 at	 my	 phone	 for	 a	 bit,”	 I	 said,	 having	 put	 it	 away	 so	 I
would	stop	checking	to	see	if	Tom	had	written	me	back.	It	had	not	been	twentyfour	hours	since	I’d	asked	to	meet	with	Lyla,	but	I	was	starting	to	obsess	over	his
decision.	I	led	Melanie	into	the	kitchen	now.
“Sit	down,”	I	said.	“Tell	me	what’s	going	on.”
She	sighed	and	tossed	her	monogrammed	Goyard	tote	at	her	feet	before	taking
a	perch	on	a	kitchen	stool.	“That	bitch	Kathie—”	She	stopped,	looked	around	and
said,	“Is	anyone	home?”
“Kirk’s	not.	He	was	home	for	twenty-four	hours—but	left	again.	Finch	is	here—
but	up	in	his	room,”	I	said.	“So	fire	away.”
She	 pressed	 one	 hand	 to	 her	 temple	 as	 the	 other	 played	 with	 the	 folds	 of	 her
tennis	 skirt.	 “That	 bitch	 Kathie	 is	 now	 telling	 people	 that	 Beau	 hooked	 up	 with
Lyla.	After	Finch	took	the	picture.”
“Um…did	 he?”	 I	 asked	 at	 my	 own	 peril.	 Melanie	 and	 I	 had	 never	 had	 an
argument,	 but	 she	 could	 be	 oversensitive	 and	 thin-skinned,	 especially	 when	 it
related	 to	 Beau	 or	 her	 daughter,	 Violet,	 who	 had	 more	 diva	 tendencies	 than	 any
child	I’d	ever	known	who	wasn’t	on	a	sitcom.
“Oh,	God,	no,”	she	said,	her	spray-tanned	leg	bouncing	on	the	barstool.
“What’s	she	basing	that	on,	then?”	I	said.	“Just	Lyla	being	on	Beau’s	bed	in	the
photograph?”
“I	have	literally	no	clue!	But	I	bet	Lucinda	is	behind	it.	She’s	a	total	C-U-nextTuesday.	I	detest	that	child….She’s	been	posting	articles	on	Facebook	about	sexual
assault	 and	 misogyny.”	 Melanie	 reached	 down	 and	 pulled	 her	 phone	 out	 of	 her
bag,	 then	 began	 to	 read	 in	 a	 high,	 prissy	 voice,	 presumably	 imitating	 Lucinda.
“ ‘Forty-four	 percent	 of	 reported	 sexual	 assaults	 take	 place	 before	 a	 victim	 is
eighteen.	One	in	three	girls	is	sexually	abused	prior	to	leaving	high	school….And
yet	 secondary	 schools	 are	 irresponsibly	 reluctant	 to	 act	 on	 this	 information…
resulting	in	the	current	frequency	of	college	sexual	assaults.’ ”
I	 felt	 a	 stab	 of	 grief,	 thinking	 about	 both	 Lyla	 and	 my	 own	 experience	 at
Vanderbilt.	 “I	 know	 Lucinda	 is	 as	 obnoxious	 as	 her	 mother….But	 unfortunately,
she’s	right.	If	it	were	coming	from	someone	else—”
“It	 would	 still	 be	 obnoxious!”	 Melanie	 said.	 “Keep	 your	 opinions	 off	 social
media!”
I	 actually	 disagreed	 with	 her—and	 thought	 that	 activism	 of	 this	 kind	 is	 one	 of
the	 only	 decent	 upshots	 of	 social	 media.	 Otherwise,	 it’s	 just	 a	 regular	 brag	 or
snooze	 fest—a	 way	 to	 either	 show	 off	 your	 vacation	 or	 bore	 everyone	 with	 your
Brussels	sprouts.	I	almost	said	something	along	those	lines,	but	Melanie	was	on	a

roll.
“I	 mean,	 Finch	 and	 Beau	 are	 good	 kids!	 From	 good	 families!”	 she	 said	 once
again,	removing	an	elastic	band	from	her	hair,	shaking	it	out,	then	putting	it	up	in
a	fresher	ponytail.	“And	Lyla	is	so	not	their	type.”
“She	is	very	pretty,	though,”	I	said,	mostly	just	musing	aloud.
“Have	you	seen	her	in	person?”
I	shook	my	head	and	said,	“No.	But	I	saw	some	other	photos	of	her.”
“Is	she	mulatto?…Beau	said	she	is.	Is	that	true?”
“Mulatto?	 I	 haven’t	 heard	 that	 in	 years,”	 I	 said,	 wondering	 if	 it	 was	 still
politically	correct	and	feeling	pretty	certain	that	it	was	not.
She	shrugged.	“Whatever	the	term	is.	Mixed?	Biracial?	I	can’t	keep	it	straight.	Is
she?”
“She’s	half	Brazilian,”	I	said.
“Huh,”	she	said.	“So	her	mom	must	be	foreign.	Because	I	heard	her	dad’s	white.
I	also	heard	her	mother’s	in	jail	for	drugs	and	prostitution.	No	wonder	Lyla’s	so
promiscuous.”
“Who	said	she	was	promiscuous?”	I	asked,	thinking	that	Melanie	was	trying	to
have	 it	 both	 ways.	 Lyla	 didn’t	 do	 anything	 that	 night	 with	 our	 boys,	 yet	 she	 was
also	promiscuous?	Which	one	was	it?
“Did	you	not	see	her	outfit?”	Melanie	tugged	on	her	tank	as	she	made	a	crosseyed,	tongue-lolling	face.
“Come	 on,	 Mel.	 You	 know	 better	 than	 that,”	 I	 said,	 tensing.	 “An	 outfit	 doesn’t
make	someone	promiscuous.	That’s	almost	like	saying	‘She	wore	a	short	skirt,	so
she	had	it	coming.’ ”
Melanie	stared	at	me	for	a	beat	then	said,	“Okay.	What’s	going	on?	Why	are	you
so	Team	Lyla?	I	don’t	get	it.”
“I’m	not,”	I	said.	“I	just	have	the	feeling	she’s	a	nice	girl	who	got	caught	up	in
something	she	didn’t	ask	for.”
“And	why	do	you	think	that?”
“Because.	 I	 had	 coffee	 with	 Lyla’s	 father,”	 I	 blurted	 out,	 as	 my	 mind	 exploded
with	a	flowchart	of	possible	repercussions	that	came	from	Melanie	knowing	this.
She	 was	 well	 intentioned	 in	 our	 friendship	 but	 had	 an	 absolute	 inability	 to	 keep
much	of	anything	to	herself.
“You	 did?”	 she	 said,	 probably	 already	 mapping	 out	 who	 she	 would	 tell	 the
second	she	left	my	house.	“When?”
“Yesterday,”	 I	 said,	 making	 a	 split-second	 decision	 not	 to	 make	 it	 more
irresistible	by	telling	her	to	keep	it	a	secret.	“It	was	no	big	deal,	really….It	just	felt

like	the	right	thing	to	do.”
She	nodded.	“So?	What	was	he	like?”
“You’ve	actually	met	him,”	I	said.	“His	name	is	Tom	Volpe.	Ring	a	bell?”
She	gave	me	a	blank	stare,	shook	her	head,	then	said,	“Wait.	That	does	sound
familiar.	 How	 do	 I	 know	 that	 name?”	 She	 repeated	 Volpe	 under	 her	 breath	 a
couple	times,	frowning	as	if	trying	to	place	him.
“He	did	your	butler’s	pantry,”	I	said.	“And	your	keeping	room	shelves.”
Her	face	suddenly	lit	up.	“Oh	yeah!	That	Tom!	Right.	He	was	hot.	You	know—in
a	scruffy,	blue-collar	way….”
The	 characterization	 slightly	 annoyed	 me,	 though	 I	 couldn’t	 pinpoint	 why,
especially	given	that	it	was	a	pretty	accurate	description.	In	any	case,	I	just	nodded
and	said,	“Yeah.	I	guess.”
“Wait.	His	daughter	is	Lyla?”
I	nodded.
“That’s	surprising,”	she	said.
“Why?”	I	asked.
“I	don’t	know.	Because	he’s	a	carpenter,	I	guess?	There	aren’t	a	lot	of	carpenters’
kids	at	Windsor….She	must	be	on	financial	aid.”
“Maybe.	 Who	 knows,”	 I	 said,	 resisting	 the	 temptation	 to	 add	 and	 who	 cares.
Instead	 I	 said,	 “But	 if	 she	 came	 in	 the	 ninth	 grade,	 then	 she	 also	 must	 be	 pretty
smart.	Or	supertalented	in	some	area.”
Everyone	 knew	 that	 admissions	 standards	 became	 more	 stringent	 in	 high
school,	whereas	the	criteria	for	five-	and	six-year-olds	were	considerably	broader
and	 had	 much	 more	 to	 do	 with	 who	 your	 parents	 were.	 Nobody	 said	 it,	 but	 it
seemed	pretty	clear	that	if	two	applicants	were	completely	equal	but	for	the	ability
to	 make	 a	 big	 donation,	 the	 big	 donation	 won.	 To	 Kirk,	 there	 was	 nothing
troubling	about	that.	It	was	just	life.
“Or	 maybe	 she	 got	 in	 because	 of	 the	 mulatto	 thing,”	 Melanie	 said.	 “You	 know
how	Walter	is	about	diversity.”
I	shrugged,	feeling	intensely	uncomfortable.	To	deflect,	I	pointed	at	a	bottle	of
pinot	noir	that	I’d	opened	with	dinner	and	said,	“Would	you	like	a	glass?”
“Maybe	just	a	teensy	one.	I’m	trying	to	cut	down	on	sugar….I’m	so	fat.	Ugh…”
She	leaned	forward	so	that	she	could	get	a	pinch	of	skin	covering	her	washboard
stomach	as	I	poured	a	glass	and	handed	it	to	her.
She	took	a	sip,	then	said,	“So?	Details.	Did	he	ask	to	meet	with	you	or	what?”
“No.	I	asked	to	meet	with	him,”	I	said,	refilling	my	glass,	too.

“Why?	To	talk	him	out	of	pressing	charges?”
“No,”	I	said.	“To	apologize	to	him.”
“Oh	 yeah,	 of	 course.	 I	 just	 thought	 there	 might	 be	 something	 else,”	 she	 said,
bouncing	 her	 foot	 again	 and	 looking	 wounded.	 It	 was	 an	 expression	 she	 wore
often.	 In	 some	 ways,	 I	 loved	 this	 vulnerability	 about	 her,	 even	 when	 it	 felt
misplaced.	 It	 was	 unlike	 so	 many	 of	 the	 other	 housewives	 of	 Belle	 Meade,	 who
wore	 perma-masks	 of	 bliss.	 From	 those	 types,	 the	 answer	 to	 the	 simple	 and
actually	 not	 very	 curious	 question	 “How	 are	 you	 doing?”	 was	 always	 a	 gushing
litany	 of	 how	 wonderfully	 full	 and	 satisfying	 their	 lives	 were.	 Busy,	 busy,	 busy!
Happy,	 happy,	 happy!	 All	 good!	 Busy,	 happy,	 and	 good!	 I	 had	 one	 friend	 who
would	actually	answer	with	a	chipper	Better	than	terrific!	Her	marriage,	her	kids,
her	holidays,	her	summer—were	all,	always,	better	than	terrific.
Even	 the	 breezy	 I	 can’t	 complain!	 grated	 on	 me.	 First	 of	 all,	 sure	 you	 can
complain,	and	you	do,	and	you	will.	You’ll	complain	about	your	kid’s	teachers	and
coaches,	 your	 neighbors	 and	 your	 neighbors’	 pets,	 your	 fellow	 committee
members	on	whatever	charity	or	school	function	you’re	working	on	(whether	it’s
because	they’re	not	doing	their	fair	share	or	because	they’re	being	too	bossy	and
trying	to	take	the	whole	thing	over);	you’ll	complain	when	people	don’t	reply	fast
enough	 to	 your	 correspondence	 or	 when	 they	 hit	 reply	 all,	 giving	 you	 needless
information	 that	 swamps	 your	 oh-so-important	 in-boxes;	 you’ll	 complain	 over
your	housekeepers	and	nannies	and	gardeners	and	anyone	at	all	who	comes	into
your	 home	 to	 do	 any	 kind	 of	 work	 for	 you.	 You’ll	 complain	 over	 everything	 and
nothing	unless	it	is	any	kind	of	reflection	on	you,	your	kids,	your	marriage,	or	your
life.	And	if,	God	forbid,	you	or	your	children	make	a	misstep,	you	blame	everyone
else	and	insist	that	you’re	the	victim	from	a	“good	family.”	I	knew	the	drill.
“Can	I	just	say?”	Melanie	began	now.	“It	hurts	my	feelings	a	little	bit	that	you
didn’t	tell	me.	Especially	since	Beau’s	involved.”
“But	I	just	told	you.”
“I	mean,	sooner.	Right	away.	Before	you	even	met	with	him.”
“I	guess	I	forgot	to	mention	it,”	I	fibbed.	“I’m	sorry,	Mel.”
Her	frown	lines	grew	as	deep	as	her	Botox	would	allow.	“Did	he	mention	Beau?
Or	the	party	itself?	Is	he	mad	about	that?”
“No,”	I	said.	“I’m	pretty	sure	that’s	the	least	of	his	concerns	right	now.”
Melanie	nodded,	then	took	a	deep	breath.	“Listen.	I	admire	you,	Nina.	So	much.
You’re	such	a	good	person—and	your	heart’s	in	the	right	place….I	admire	the	fact
that	you’re	trying	to	make	this	right.	But…I	really	think	you’re	being	too	hard	on
yourself.	And	Finch.”
I	nodded,	torn.	Her	steadfast	loyalty	certainly	felt	better	than	Julie’s	tough	love.
Yet	 I	 was	 also	 frustrated	 by	 her	 inability—or	 at	 least	 refusal—to	 see	 what	 was	 at
stake.	 I	 guess	 my	 friends	 couldn’t	 win.	 I	 knew	 that’s	 what	 Kirk	 would	 say	 if	 he

could	read	my	mind	now.	He	hated	when	I	got	this	way,	at	least	when	my	feelings
threatened	 his	 agenda.	 You’re	 impossible	 to	 please,	 he’d	 tell	 me.	 Move	 on	 and
stop	obsessing.
Of	course,	he	obsessed	over	plenty	of	things,	too.	But	in	his	mind,	those	things
were	 different.	 They	 were	 obsession-worthy	 because	 they	 were	 about	 the	 big
financial	 picture—or	 another	 quantifiable	 issue.	 It	 was	 almost	 as	 if	 anything
related	 to	 relationships	 or	 emotions	 was	 trivial	 to	 him.	 A	 disagreement	 with	 my
mother?	She’ll	get	over	it.	A	friend	getting	on	my	nerves?	Stop	hanging	out	with
her.	A	feeling	that	I	wasn’t	doing	enough	in	the	world	or	guilt	about	all	we	had?
We	 give	 more	 than	 enough	 money	 away	 to	 charity.	 And	 now:	 our	 own	 son’s
character?	He’s	a	good	kid	who	made	one	little	mistake.	Move	on,	let	it	go.
“Are	you	even	listening	to	me?”	I	heard	Melanie	say.
“Sorry.	I	spaced	out	there	for	a	second,”	I	said.
“I	was	just	asking	about	Polly	and	Finch?”
“What	about	them?”
“How’s	Finch	doing?	With	the	breakup?”	she	said,	lowering	her	voice.
“They	broke	up?	I	hadn’t	heard,”	I	said,	feeling	a	stab	of	maternal	guilt	for	being
the	last	to	know.
“Yeah.	Honestly,	though,	I	think	Finch	could	do	so	much	better	than	Polly.	I’ve
said	that	from	the	beginning.	Everyone	thinks	so,”	Melanie	said.
Marveling	 that	 Polly’s	 inferiority	 to	 Finch	 could	 still	 be	 Melanie’s	 conclusion
given	recent	events,	I	said,	“I	don’t	know,	Mel.	I	bet	she	broke	up	with	him….I’d
break	up	with	a	boy	for	doing	what	he	did	to	another	girl.	It	was	so	mean.”
“Please	 stop	 torturing	 yourself,	 honey.	 Kids	 make	 mistakes.	 Especially	 boys.
Remember	that	psychiatrist	who	told	us	that	the	frontal	lobe	of	a	boy’s	brain	isn’t
developed	 until,	 like,	 age	 twenty-five?…They	 use	 bad	 judgment	 without	 a	 fully
developed	frontal	lobe.”
I	shrugged,	then	reiterated	the	point	I’d	made	to	Kirk.	To	me,	this	wasn’t	about
judgment	so	much	as	morals.
“C’mon,	Nina!	You	need	to	be	an	advocate	for	your	own	child!”
“What	about	Lyla?	Shouldn’t	we	be	advocates	for	all	children?”
“Let	Tom	 worry	 about	 Lyla.	 Let	 him	 be	 her	 advocate.	 You	 need	 to	 be	 Finch’s.
You	should	always	side	with	your	kid.	Always.”
“Without	regard	to	his	actions?”	I	asked.	“No	matter	what?”
“No.	Matter.	What,”	she	said,	crossing	her	arms.
“What	if	Beau	killed	someone?”	I	said,	testing	the	theory.
“Well,	 then,	 we’d	 hire	 the	 very	 best	 defense	 lawyers.	 O.	 J.	 Simpson–type

lawyers.	And	if	we	lost,	I	would	visit	him	in	jail	every	single	day	until	I	died.”	She
took	a	deep	breath.	“Beau	will	always	be	my	flesh	and	blood.	I	couldn’t	stop	loving
him.	Ever.”
“Of	 course.	 I	 get	 that,”	 I	 said,	 feeling	 a	 wave	 of	 defensiveness.	 I	 mean,	 I,	 too,
would	 love	 Finch	 no	 matter	 what.	 I	 could	 even	 see	 where	 she	 was	 coming	 from
with	 respect	 to	 hiring	 the	 best	 attorneys	 and	 being	 hopeful	 that	 he	 might	 get	 a
lighter	sentence.	After	all,	that	is	our	legal	system—which	I	do	believe	in.
But	I	also	knew	in	my	heart	that	I	wouldn’t	cover	for	my	son	if	he	committed	a
terrible	 crime.	 Any	 crime.	 I	 wouldn’t	 lie	 for	 him.	 I	 wouldn’t	 obstruct	 justice	 for
him.	I	would	stand	by	him,	but	I	would	also	want	him	to	confess	and	truly	repent
and	bear	responsibility	for	his	actions.	I	would	want	him	to	earn	and	deserve	his
forgiveness.
I	tried	to	summarize	the	distinction	to	Melanie,	but	she	wasn’t	having	it,	digging
deeper	with	her	next	statement.	“Well,	I	would	do	anything	it	took	to	protect	Beau
from	pain.	Anything.”
Our	 eyes	 locked	 as	 the	 truth	 slowly	 sank	 in—the	 fact	 that	 I	 just	 didn’t	 feel	 the
same.	 I	 thought	 of	 a	 sermon	 I’d	 once	 heard	 at	 Teddy’s	 church,	 a	 long	 time	 ago.
Pastor	Sundermeier	had	said	something	along	the	lines	of	“Justice	isn’t	only	about
what	a	person	deserves,	but	also	about	what	a	person	needs.”	It	was	a	crucial	piece
of	the	puzzle	that	Melanie	and	Kirk	seemed	to	be	missing.
“Well,	for	what	it’s	worth,	Kirk	agrees	with	you,”	I	said.
She	nodded,	looking	vindicated.	“Of	course	he	does.	He	has	excellent	instincts
when	it	comes	to	these	things.”
I	 thought	 about	 the	 fifteen	 thousand	 dollars,	 knowing	 that	 although	 Melanie
probably	would	have	approved	of	his	ploy,	she	likely	would	also	have	scoffed	at	the
amount,	 as	 she	 never	 minded	 overpaying,	 one	 of	 her	 mantras	 being	 Just	 throw
money	at	the	problem.
“Not	always,”	I	said.	“Sometimes	he’s	a	little	too…results	driven.	He	always	gets
what	he	wants.”
“Yeah,”	 she	 said	 with	 a	 little	 laugh.	 “That’s	 sort	 of	 why	 you	 married	 him,	 isn’t
it?”
She	was	referring	to	our	“story”—the	one	Kirk	loved	to	tell.	How	he	had	pursued
me	 throughout	 our	 sophomore	 year	 at	 Vanderbilt,	 asking	 me	 out	 a	 half	 dozen
times	before	I	finally	said	yes.	Of	course	he	believed	I	was	merely	playing	hard	to
get,	which	had	raised	my	stock	in	his	eyes.	And	I	never	told	him	the	truth—that	I’d
been	 too	 scarred	 by	 the	 traumatic	 events	 of	 my	 freshman	 year	 to	 even	 consider
dating	anyone	for	a	long	time.
Looking	back,	though,	maybe	Melanie	had	a	point.	I	did	admire	my	husband’s
tenacity,	and	it	probably	did	have	something	to	do	with	why	we	ended	up	together.
If	I’m	being	honest,	I	have	to	admit	I	also	liked	how	much	my	friends	liked	him.

How	well	he	fit	in	with	everyone.	He	took	my	mind	off	bad	things.	He	made	me
feel	safe.	Like	nothing	bad	would	happen	to	me	on	his	watch.
“I	guess	so,”	I	murmured	as	Melanie	and	I	drank	wine	and	I	contemplated	my
own	intentions.
Why	did	I	so	badly	want	to	meet	with	Lyla,	and	talk	to	Tom	again?	Was	it	really
just	about	Finch	learning	from	his	mistakes	and	my	doing	the	right	thing?	Or	was
I	seeking	some	sort	of	absolution—maybe	even	vindication	for	my	younger	self?	I
wasn’t	sure,	but	I	suddenly	and	desperately	wanted	to	be	alone.
“Oh,	my	goodness,”	I	said,	forcing	a	fake	yawn.	“I’m	so	tired.”
“Yeah.	Me,	too,”	she	said.	“I	should	go…”
I	quickly	stood,	knowing	how	often	I	should	go	resulted	in	an	additional	hour	of
conversation.
“Hang	in	there,	honey,”	she	said,	giving	me	a	big	hug.	“Get	some	rest.	And	leave
this	to	Kirk.	Trust	me,	it	will	all	be	over	soon.”
As	soon	as	Melanie	walked	out	the	door,	I	couldn’t	get	to	my	phone	fast	enough.
Amid	 the	 usual	 mass	 mail,	 two	 emails	 jumped	 out	 at	 me.	 The	 first	 was	 from
Walter	 Quarterman,	 the	 second	 from	 Tom	 Volpe.	 My	 heart	 raced	 as	 I	 opened
Walter’s	 first	 and	 read	 the	 short	 message	 informing	 Kirk	 and	 me	 that	 Finch’s
“closed	hearing”	before	the	Honor	Council	was	scheduled	for	this	coming	Tuesday
at	9:00	 A.M.	He	apologized	for	the	delay	but	explained	that	two	faculty	members
on	the	council	had	been	away	at	a	conference.	He	added	that	we	were	welcome	to
come	 to	 school	 that	 day	 but	 would	 not	 be	 permitted	 in	 the	 room	 during	 the
questioning.
“Okay,”	I	said	aloud	to	myself,	relieved	to	see	the	date	finalized.	Four	more	days.
I	took	a	deep	breath,	then	opened	the	second	email.
From:	Thomas	Volpe
To:	Nina	Browning
Subject:	Hello
Hi	Nina,	I	think	you’re	right.	It	is	a	good	idea	for	the	four	of	us	to	sit	down	together.	Does
this	weekend	work?	Tomorrow	around	11?	You	are	welcome	to	come	to	our	house.	I’d
prefer	that	to	yours.	Our	address	is	in	the	directory.

Feeling	intensely	anxious,	but	also	grateful	and	hopeful,	I	composed	a	reply:
From:	Nina	Browning
To:	Thomas	Volpe
Subject:	Thank	you
Tom,	I	greatly	appreciate	your	decision.	Tomorrow	morning	absolutely	works.	We	will	see
you	at	your	place	at	11	A.M.	Thank	you	again	so	much.

I	hit	send	just	as	Kirk’s	name	lit	up	on	my	phone.	I	answered	as	he	barked	into

my	ear.	“That	asshole	took	the	cash	and	is	still	letting	this	go	to	trial!	So	much	for
a	gentleman’s	agreement.”
“A	 gentleman’s	 agreement?”	 I	 said,	 so	 aghast	 by	 this	 ridiculous	 spin	 that	 I
further	rationalized	not	telling	him	that	Tom	had	returned	the	money.	I	knew	two
wrongs	 didn’t	 make	 a	 right,	 but	 he	 didn’t	 deserve	 the	 truth.	 He	 deserved	 to	 feel
screwed.
“A	settlement.	Yes.”
“It	wasn’t	a	gentleman’s	agreement.	Or	a	settlement.	It	was	a	bribe.	You	tried	to
pay	him	off	to	keep	quiet.	And	it	backfired,”	I	said.
“Try	not	to	sound	so	happy	about	it,”	he	said.
“I’m	not	happy	about	this,”	I	said.	“I’m	not	happy	about	anything	right	now.”
“Well,”	Kirk	said.	“That	makes	two	of	us.”
—
A	FEW	MINUTES	later,	I	went	to	Finch’s	room.	His	door	was	closed.	I	stared	at	it	for	a
few	 seconds,	 thinking	 of	 how	 much	 things	 had	 changed,	 both	 quickly	 and
gradually.	When	he	was	a	little	boy,	his	door	stayed	open	and	he	often	ended	up	in
our	 bed.	 By	 the	 time	 he	 reached	 late	 elementary	 school,	 he	 would	 occasionally
close	it,	but	I	felt	free	to	open	it	without	knocking.	When	he	was	in	middle	school,
I	did	a	quick	knock	before	walking	in.	Once	he	was	in	early	high	school,	I	awaited
his	permission	following	the	knock.	And	in	the	last	year	or	two,	all	bedroom	chats
had	become	nonexistent.	I	barely	entered	his	room	at	all,	as	Juana	did	his	laundry
and	put	away	all	his	clean	clothes.
I	knocked	now,	then	opened	the	door	to	find	Finch	on	his	bed.	He	was	on	his
laptop	and	wearing	headphones.	He	looked	up	at	me	blankly.
“Hi,”	I	said.
“Hi,”	he	replied.
“Can	you	take	those	off?”
“There’s	no	sound,”	he	said.
“Take	them	off	anyway.”
He	did,	with	no	attitude.
“How’re	things	going?”	I	asked,	my	voice	sounding	stilted.
“Fine.”
“Good,”	I	said.	“And	how’s	Polly?”
“She’s	fine,	I	guess.”
“You	guess?”	I	took	a	step	inside	his	room.	“You	don’t	know?”

“Not	really,”	he	said,	expressionless.	“We	broke	up.”
“I’m	sorry.	Can	I…ask	why?”
He	sighed.	“I	don’t	really	want	to	talk	about	it,	if	that’s	okay?”
I	bit	my	lip	and	nodded.	“Well,	I	also	wanted	to	tell	you	that	your	father	and	I
heard	 from	 Mr.	 Quarterman.	 Your	 Honor	 Council	 hearing	 is	 scheduled	 for	 next
Tuesday.”
“Yeah,	I	know,”	he	said.	“I	got	an	email,	too.”
“Oh,”	I	said.	“Have	you	talked	to	Lyla?”
“No.”
“Why	not?”
“Dad	told	me	not	to.”
“He	did?”	I	said.	“When	did	he	tell	you	that?”
“Last	week.	After	our	meeting	with	Mr.	Q.”
“Well,”	 I	 said	 briskly.	 “I’m	 overriding	 that.	 We’re	 going	 to	 see	 her	 tomorrow
morning.	You	and	I.	Her	dad	will	be	there,	too.	It	will	be	the	four	of	us.”
I	braced	myself	for	resistance,	but	he	only	nodded	and	said	okay.
“And	 in	 the	 meantime,	 I	 want	 you	 to	 think	 about	 Lyla.	 Her	 feelings.	 This	 is
about	her	right	now.”
“I	know,	Mom,”	he	said,	looking	a	little	like	his	younger,	earnest	self.
“Do	you?”	I	asked.
“Yeah.”
“So	you	understand	that	this	meeting	with	Lyla	is	not	a	strategy	for	you.	It’s	an
apology	to	her.”
He	nodded	again.	“Yeah,	Mom.	I	get	it,”	he	said,	holding	my	gaze.
Maybe	 he	 was	 humoring	 me	 or	 trying	 to	 avoid	 a	 lecture,	 but	 his	 expression
really	 seemed	 sincere.	 It	 wasn’t	 quite	 a	 relief—I	 was	 still	 worried	 about	 his
character—but	it	was	a	very	small	consolation	and	maybe	even	a	source	of	hope.
“Are	you	sure	you	don’t	want	to	talk	about	Polly?	Or	anything	else	going	on	in
your	life?”	I	gently	pressed,	feeling	certain	I	knew	what	the	answer	would	be.
“Yeah,	Mom,”	he	said.	“I’m	sure.”

O

n	Friday	night,	right	when	I	thought	things	couldn’t	get	any	worse,	Dad	came
into	my	room	and	dropped	another	bomb	on	me.	A	stealth	bomb.

“Get	 some	 sleep,”	 he	 said,	 standing	 in	 the	 doorway	 in	 a	 Titans	 T-shirt	 and
sweatpants.	“We	have	a	meeting	in	the	morning.”
“What	 kind	 of	 meeting?”	 I	 said,	 feeling	 suspicious	 because	 we	 never	 had
appointments	 and	 stuff	 on	 the	 weekends.	 Dad	 knows	 that	 I	 love	 to	 sleep	 in	 on
Saturdays,	and	it	really	is	my	only	day	to	do	so	because	he	often	guilt-trips	me	into
going	to	mass	with	Nonna	(who	is	sort	of	obsessed	with	being	Catholic)	on	Sunday
mornings.
“Finch	Browning	and	his	mother	are	coming	over,”	he	said	all	nonchalantly,	like
I	wasn’t	going	to	notice.
I	waited	for	the	punch	line,	but	there	wasn’t	one.	“What?	Why?”	I	demanded.
“To	 talk,”	 he	 said,	 taking	 another	 step	 into	 my	 room	 and	 glancing	 down	 at	 a
laundry	 basket	 filled	 with	 clean	 clothes	 that	 he’d	 put	 there	 and	 asked	 me	 to	 fold
the	night	before.	Usually	he	does	that	for	me—or	at	least	refolds	everything	after	I
do	 a	 shit	 job	 (Dad	 is	 totally	 OCD	 about	 the	 weirdest	 things)—but	 I	 could	 tell	 he
was	trying	to	be	stricter	all	of	a	sudden.	As	if	his	folding	my	laundry	for	me	had
been	a	contributing	factor	in	my	decision	to	drink	at	a	party.
“Talk	about	what?”	I	said,	horrified.
“What	do	you	think,	Lyla?”	he	said.
“I	don’t	know,	Dad,”	I	said	as	sarcastically	as	I	could.	“That’s	why	I	asked	you—
since	you	obviously	set	this	up.”
“I	would	imagine—and	this	is	just	a	wild	guess—that	we’re	going	to	talk	about
what	Finch	did	to	you,”	he	said	super-calmly	and	just	as	sarcastically.
I’m	not	sure	exactly	what	I	pictured	going	down	tomorrow,	but	he	might	as	well
have	just	suggested	that	the	four	of	us	sit	naked	around	a	table	playing	Monopoly.
Like,	 I	 really	 couldn’t	 think	 of	 anything	 more	 painfully	 awkward	 than	 rehashing
what	Finch	did	to	me.
“Wow.	So	you	really	are	trying	to	completely	ruin	my	life?”	I	said.	It	actually	felt
like	an	understatement.	I	held	my	breath	because	I	wasn’t	fooled.	I	knew	that	at

any	moment,	he	could	erupt.	These	days	my	dad	went	from	zero	to	a	hundred	in
no	 time	 at	 all.	 Actually,	 there	 was	 never	 a	 zero	 anymore.	 He	 was	 always	 pretty
amped	up	and	ready	to	explode.
“Not	at	all,”	he	said.	“I’m	trying	to	be	a	good	father.	That’s	all.”
“Yeah.	Well.	Good	fathers	don’t	usually	try	to	destroy	their	daughters’	lives.”
I’d	 finally	 pushed	 his	 button,	 so	 he	 made	 a	 huffing	 sound,	 then	 threw	 up	 his
hands	like	a	pissed-off	cartoon	dad,	and	left	the	room	mumbling,	“You	must	have
me	confused	with	your	other	parent.”
I	almost	chased	after	him	to	tell	him	to	stop	playing	the	martyr.	I	mean,	yeah,	I
get	 that	 Mom	 completely	 sucked	 in	 the	 parenting	 department.	 But	 Mom’s	 overthe-top	sucking	shouldn’t	give	Dad	extra	credit	for	doing	the	same	basic	job	that
everyone	else’s	parents	were	doing.	I	honestly	couldn’t	believe	I’d	never	thought	to
make	 the	 point	 before	 and	 couldn’t	 wait	 to	 lay	 it	 on	 him,	 but	 I	 couldn’t	 make
myself	get	up.	So	I	just	lay	in	bed	low-key	crying	until	Dad	came	back	to	my	room
—which	I	knew	he	would.	He’d	never	stated	aloud	the	don’t-go-to-bed-mad	rule,
but	he	more	or	less	followed	it.	He’d	always	at	least	come	back	to	say	a	civil	good
night.	 I	 heard	 Nonna	 once	 say	 that	 it	 was	 because	 he	 had	 “a	 weak	 stomach	 for
conflict,”	but	I	think	it	actually	might	have	something	to	do	with	the	way	Mom	left
us.
Neither	 one	 of	 them	 had	 ever	 been	 entirely	 clear	 about	 what	 had	 happened
when	she	jetted	off	in	the	middle	of	the	night,	but	I	got	the	gist	that	they’d	had	a
big	 fight	 over	 me.	 It	 was	 something	 about	 Mom	 drinking	 too	 much	 and	 almost
letting	me	drown	at	a	pool	party.	(Though	Mom	insisted	that	I	knew	how	to	swim
from	a	few	lessons	at	the	Y,	Dad	maintains	that	I’d	only	learned	how	to	turn	my
face	to	the	side	to	blow	bubbles.)	Anyway,	Dad	was	furious	at	her	“negligence”—
and	she	was	pissed	off	at	his	“judgmentalness”—if	that’s	even	a	word.	She	was	so
pissed	off,	in	fact,	that	she	left.	For	good.
“Your	father	made	it	clear	that	he	thought	you	would	both	be	better	off	without
me.	And	I	suppose	he	was	right,”	Mom	told	me	one	of	the	times	she	came	back.
She	 was	 a	 master	 at	 painting	 herself	 as	 the	 victim	 even	 when	 talking	 to	 me,	 her
abandoned	daughter.
I	 almost	 pointed	 out	 that	 he	 wasn’t	 beating	 her.	 Like,	 being	 judgmental	 just
isn’t	 that	 drastic.	 At	 least	 not	 drastic	 enough	 to	 choose	 abandonment,	 and
obviously	 she	 had	 another	 choice	 besides	 completely	 throwing	 in	 the	 towel.	 She
could	 have	 proven	 Dad	 wrong	 and	 tried	 to	 show	 him	 that	 she	 could	 be	 a
responsible,	good	mother.	Instead,	she	kind	of	proved	his	case	for	him.
As	far	as	Dad	goes,	I	think	he	can’t	help	blaming	himself	just	a	little	for	the	way
things	went	down.	And	maybe	he	even	thinks	that	if	the	two	of	them	had	had	the
don’t-go-to-bed-mad	rule,	he	could	have	convinced	her	to	go	to	rehab	or	tried	to
figure	their	messed-up	shit	out.	I	doubt	it,	and	I	bet	Dad	doubts	it,	too.	But	I	still
wonder	sometimes,	and	I	bet	he	does,	too.

In	 any	 case,	 when	 Dad	 came	 back	 in	 my	 room,	 I	 was	 glad,	 even	 though	 I	 was
still	 really	 pissed.	 Before	 he	 could	 say	 anything,	 or	 throw	 another	 pity	 party	 for
himself,	I	went	off.	“Look,	Dad.	I’m	totally	grateful	to	you	for	being	a	good	father
and	everything,	but	this	whole	deal	is	really	killing	me.”
“Killing	you?”	he	said,	doing	the	calm	routine	again.
“It’s	just	an	expression,	Dad.”
He	nodded.
“Yes.	I	mean,	honestly,	the	last	thing	I’d	want	to	do	in	the	world	is	sit	down	with
the	Brownings.	Like,	I’d	rather	walk	through	fire.	Or	pull	my	toenails	out.”
“It’s	not	my	idea	of	a	good	time,	either,”	Dad	said.
“Then	why	are	we	doing	it?	Whose	idea	was	it,	anyway?”	I	asked.
“Nina’s,”	he	replied.	“Mrs.	Browning’s.”
I	stared	back	at	him,	processing	the	information,	as	well	as	her	name.	Nina.	It
was	so	classy	and	elegant,	totally	fitting	the	memory	I	had	of	her	from	senior	night
at	 the	 last	 home	 basketball	 game,	 which	 was	 the	 only	 time	 I	 had	 ever	 seen	 her.
Finch	was	one	of	four	seniors	on	the	team,	so	he’d	walked	out	to	midcourt	before
the	game	with	both	his	parents.	I	don’t	remember	anything	about	his	dad,	other
than	that	he	was	tall	like	Finch,	but	I	remember	thinking	his	mother	was	so	pretty
and	stylish.	She	was	petite,	with	shoulder-length	honey-blond	hair,	and	her	outfit
was	 soo	 good:	 dark	 denim,	 knee-high	 boots,	 and	 an	 ivory	 cape	 with	 a	 fringe	 of
pom-poms.
“She	 called	 you?”	 I	 asked.	 I	 couldn’t	 help	 being	 a	 little	 intrigued	 by	 their
exchange.
“She	emailed	me,”	Dad	said.	He	glanced	down	at	the	laundry	basket	again,	then
walked	over	to	the	edge	of	my	bed.
“When?”	I	said.	This	business	of	him	keeping	secrets	was	another	thing	that	had
changed	between	us,	although	to	be	fair,	that	worked	both	ways.	There	was	plenty
of	stuff	I	hid	from	him,	too.	And	not	just	the	drinking.
He	finally	sat	down,	and	put	his	hand	on	my	foot,	squeezing	it	through	my	fuzzy
sock.	I	instinctively	pulled	my	knees	up,	hugging	them	to	my	chest.
He	 looked	 hurt	 or	 offended,	 maybe	 both,	 as	 he	 said,	 “A	 few	 days	 ago.”	 He
paused.	“Then	we	met	for	coffee.”
“Well,	that’s	super	weird,”	I	said,	in	part	because	it	just	was,	and	in	part	because
my	dad	never	meets	anyone	for	coffee.
“What’s	 so	 weird	 about	 it?”	 he	 said,	 with	 an	 odd	 look	 on	 his	 face—because	 he
totally	knew	it	was	weird,	too.
“Besides,	like,	everything?”	I	said.

He	shrugged.	“Okay.	Maybe	a	little.	But	we	had	a	pretty	decent	talk.”
“Great,”	I	said,	rolling	my	eyes.	“I’m	so	happy	for	you.”
“Don’t	be	a	smart-ass,	Lyla.”
“I’m	not.	I	am	glad	you	had	a	good	talk	and	all.	But	can’t	that	be	a	wrapski?”	I
said,	using	one	of	my	dad’s	expressions.
“No.	It	can’t	be	a	wrapski,”	Dad	said.
“Why	not?”
“Because	this	boy	owes	you	an	apology,	Lyla.	It’s	important.	It’s	important	we
all	sit	down	together	and	talk	about	this.	Nina	and	I	agree	on	that.”
“Okay.	But	why	do	we	have	to	meet	here?”
“What’s	 wrong	 with	 meeting	 here?”	 he	 said,	 sounding	 so	 defensive.	 “Are	 you
ashamed	of	where	you	live?”
“No,”	I	said—which	was	sort	of	a	lie.	Ever	since	I	started	at	Windsor	in	the	ninth
grade,	and	realized	how	much	money	people	around	me	had,	I	actually	was	a	little
embarrassed	 about	 our	 neighborhood	 and	 house.	 Of	 course	 I	 was	 even	 more
embarrassed	for	feeling	this	way.	“It’s	just	awkward,”	I	said	again,	trying	to	spare
Dad’s	feelings.
“Not	more	‘awkward’	than	that	photo!”	Dad	said,	getting	all	agitated	and	huffy
again.	“That	photo,	Lyla,	is	pretty	damn	awkward.”
I	looked	down,	hit	by	a	fresh	wave	of	shame.	More	than	all	the	drama	at	school,
it	 killed	 me	 that	 Dad	 had	 seen	 me	 like	 that—passed	 out	 drunk	 with	 my	 boob
hanging	 out	 of	 my	 dress—and	 whatever	 else	 he	 saw	 when	 I	 got	 home	 that	 night
that	 I	 don’t	 fully	 remember.	 He	 might	 have	 already	 guessed	 that	 I	 drank
occasionally,	 but	 I’m	 pretty	 sure	 he	 didn’t	 think	 I	 got	 shit-faced	 or	 had	 sex.	 Of
course	 the	 photo	 wasn’t	 confirmation	 of	 the	 latter,	 but	 it	 certainly	 was	 a	 strong
clue	that	I	wasn’t	the	perfect	angel	he	thought	me	to	be.
“Daaaad.	Why	can’t	you	try	to	have	a	little	empathy	here?	If	not	for	Finch,	then
for	me?”	I	said,	using	a	big	hot-button	word	at	Windsor.	Mr.	Q	often	touched	on
empathy	 during	 assemblies,	 and	 the	 concept	 trickled	 down	 into	 a	 lot	 of	 class
discussions.
“Whoa,	 whoa,”	 Dad	 said.	 “I’m	 sorry,	 what?	 I’m	 supposed	 to	 have	 empathy	 for
Finch	in	this	situation?”
“Yeah.	You	actually	are.	For	everyone.	It’s	called	forgiveness,	Dad.	Ever	heard	of
it?”
“Forgiveness	is	earned,	Lyla.	He’s	done	nothing—”
“Well,	isn’t	that	why	he’s	coming	over?”	I	shouted	over	him.	“I	mean,	what’s	the
point	of	all	of	this	talking	with	Nina…and…and	coming	over	to	apologize	if	you’ve

already	made	up	your	mind	about	him?”
Dad	shook	his	head,	looking	dumbfounded,	then	said,	“I	just	don’t	understand
why	you’re	not	more	pissed	off	by	what	this	kid	did	to	you.	I	really	don’t.”
He	paused,	clearly	expecting	me	to	respond.	But	I	had	no	response—at	least	not
one	I	wanted	to	share	with	him.
“Finch	is	the	one	who	should	be	worried	about	tomorrow,”	Dad	continued.	“Not
you.	But	I	bet	he’s	not.	Because	he’s	an	asshole.”
“He’s	really	not,	Dad,”	I	said,	then	started	to	cry	again,	more	out	of	frustration
than	 anything	 else.	 There	 was	 no	 way	 I	 was	 going	 to	 be	 able	 to	 explain	 to	 my
father	that	kids	take	photos	like	that	all	the	time.	Of	themselves,	of	each	other.	I
mean,	it	wasn’t	like	Finch	had	posted	it.	It	wasn’t	his	fault	that	it	had	spread	like	it
did.	 Now,	 the	 caption	 was	 a	 different	 story,	 maybe.	 But	 even	 that	 had	 a	 context.
He’d	been	playing	Uno	and	screwing	around	and	I	think	he	was	just	trying	to	be
funny.	I’m	not	saying	it	was	funny,	but	I	think	there’s	a	difference	between	trying
to	be	a	dick	and	simply	making	a	stupid,	bad	joke,	especially	when	you’re	drunk.
At	least	that’s	what	I’d	been	telling	myself.	It	was	what	I	wanted	to	believe.	Needed
to	believe.
Dad	slid	closer	to	me	and	put	his	arms	awkwardly	around	my	shoulders,	kissing
the	 top	 of	 my	 head.	 Part	 of	 me	 wanted	 to	 push	 him	 away,	 but	 I	 really	 needed	 a
hug.	“I’m	so	sorry,	Lyla.	I’m	just	trying	to	do	the	best	I	can,”	he	said,	but	this	time
he	didn’t	sound	like	a	martyr—just	a	dad	who	really	was	trying.
“I	know,”	I	said,	sniffling.
“And	 if	 it	 helps,	 I	 do	 think	 Finch’s	 mother	 seems	 like	 a	 decent	 person.	 I	 think
her	heart’s	in	the	right	place.”
“You	do?”	I	said,	my	voice	muffled	against	his	chest.
Dad	backed	up	and	looked	at	me,	his	brow	all	furrowed	and	sad.	“Yeah…She’s
worried	about	you.”
“She	is?”	I	said,	reaching	past	him	for	the	wad	of	tissues	on	my	nightstand.
“Yeah,”	 he	 said.	 “So	 I	 am	 giving	 her—and	 by	 extension,	 her	 son—a	 chance
tomorrow.	Doesn’t	that	part	make	you	happy?”
“I	guess	so,”	I	said,	blowing	my	nose.	“I	just	want	this	to	be	over.”
“I	 know,	 kiddo,”	 he	 said,	 nodding	 emphatically	 like	 we	 were	 in	 perfect
agreement,	when	we	both	knew	that	my	version	of	it	being	over	was	very	different
from	his.
We	sat	in	silence	for	a	few	seconds,	and	I	could	tell	he	wanted	to	say	something
else	 but	 didn’t	 quite	 know	 how	 to	 say	 it.	 So	 I	 finally	 just	 said,	 “Anything	 else,
Dad?”
“Actually,	 yeah,”	 he	 said.	 “I	 did	 want	 to	 say	 one	 other	 thing.	 About	 your

mother…”
“What	about	her?”	I	said.
“Nothing	 really…”	 he	 said,	 sounding	 uneasy.	 “Just	 that	 I	 don’t	 think	 it’s	 a
terrible	idea	for	you	to	visit	her	this	summer.	You’re	old	enough	now,	and	I	trust
that	you’ll	make	good	decisions.	She	is	your	mother.”
“Thanks,	Dad,”	I	said.	“I	think	I’ll	do	that.	I	miss	her.”
A	look	of	hurt	flickered	across	his	face,	and	I	realized,	too	late,	that	maybe	I’d
said	the	wrong	thing.	Then	again,	it	was	the	truth.	I	did	miss	my	mother.	Maybe
not	 even	 my	 mother	 but	 the	 idea	 of	 having	 one	 around.	 Especially	 at	 times	 like
this,	when	a	father’s	idea	of	empathy	just	wasn’t	enough.
—
THE	 NEXT	 MORNING,	 I	 got	 up	 early	 to	 shower	 and	 wash	 my	 hair.	 With	 thick,	 curly
hair,	 I	 had	 to	 let	 it	 completely	 air-dry	 to	 look	 halfway	 decent,	 which	 gave	 me
plenty	of	time	to	agonize	over	what	to	wear.	All	my	stuff	seemed	either	too	“going
out,”	 too	 churchy,	 or	 too	 everyday.	 Of	 course	 I	 called	 Grace	 for	 advice,	 even
though	we’d	already	talked	the	night	before	for	over	an	hour,	breaking	down	the
whole	 situation.	 In	 general,	 she	 was	 sort	 of	 on	 the	 fence	 about	 everything—not
nearly	as	pissed	off	at	Finch	as	Dad	was,	but	definitely	still	upset.
As	far	as	my	wardrobe	went,	she	simply	said,	“Don’t	try	too	hard.	Go	casual.”
I	agreed,	as	we	talked	through	my	options	and	settled	on	white	jeans,	tight	and
ripped	 at	 the	 knees,	 with	 a	 blue	 silk	 tank	 I’d	 found	 at	 a	 vintage	 shop.	 After	 she
wished	me	luck	for	about	the	fourth	time,	I	hung	up	and	put	on	very	light	makeup.
I	wouldn’t	have	worn	any	at	all—that’s	how	much	Dad	hates	it—but	I	banked	on
him	 being	 too	 distracted	 by	 his	 frantic	 cleaning	 to	 really	 notice	 the	 subtle
application.	Our	house	is	always	freakishly	neat,	but	that	morning	he	really	went
to	 town,	 his	 OCD	 kicking	 in	 as	 he	 vacuumed	 and	 swept	 and	 Windexed	 every
surface.	 At	 one	 point,	 he	 announced	 that	 he	 had	 to	 run	 an	 errand	 and	 returned
with	a	bag	of	assorted	pastries	from	Sweet	16th,	which	he	proceeded	to	arrange	on
a	dinner	plate	before	transferring	them	to	a	platter	he	used	when	grilling	out.
“The	 plate	 was	 better,”	 I	 said,	 glancing	 up	 from	 my	 latest	 issue	 of	 InStyle,
pretending	to	be	calm.
He	nodded,	looking	a	little	busted,	then	put	them	back	on	the	plate,	walking	it
over	 to	 the	 coffee	 table.	 He	 put	 it	 down,	 along	 with	 a	 short	 stack	 of	 napkins	 he
spread	 accordion-style.	 I	 took	 it	 as	 a	 hopeful	 sign	 that	 he	 would	 keep	 his	 word
about	 having	 an	 open	 mind.	 At	 the	 very	 least,	 I	 knew	 he	 didn’t	 hate	 Mrs.
Browning,	as	Dad	never	goes	to	any	kind	of	effort	when	he	hates	someone.
At	exactly	eleven,	the	doorbell	rang.	Dad	took	a	deep	breath	and	walked	slowly
over	to	the	front	door	as	I	stayed	put	on	the	sofa	and	ran	my	fingers	through	my
hair,	breaking	up	the	crunch	of	the	mousse.	My	stomach	was	in	knots.	Now	out	of

my	view,	I	heard	Dad	open	the	door	and	say	hello.	He	then	introduced	himself	to
Finch	and	invited	them	in.	I	took	a	few	deep	breaths	as	they	all	came	into	sight,
walking	in	single	file,	Mrs.	Browning	first,	followed	by	Finch,	then	Dad.	It	was	sort
of	surreal,	the	way	it	feels	when	you	see	a	teacher	at	the	grocery	store	or	in	another
context	besides	school.
“Please.	Have	a	seat,”	Dad	said,	pointing	to	the	sofa	next	to	me	and	one	of	the
two	chairs.	He	looked	as	nervous	as	I	felt,	but	less	pissed	off	than	I	expected.
Mrs.	 Browning	 sat	 on	 the	 sofa	 beside	 me,	 and	 Finch	 took	 the	 chair	 diagonally
across	from	her,	as	both	said	hello.	I	kept	my	eyes	on	her,	too	nervous	to	look	at
Finch.	She	was	even	more	beautiful	and	glamorous	up	close	than	she’d	been	from
the	bleachers	in	the	gym,	although	her	outfit	was	casual.	She	was	wearing	a	crisp
white	 blouse,	 the	 sleeves	 rolled	 in	 wide	 cuffs,	 skinny	 jeans,	 and	 gold	 flats.	 Her
jewelry	 was	 cool	 and	 layered—delicate	 pieces	 mixed	 with	 chunkier	 ones,	 gold
mixed	 with	 silver,	 or	 more	 likely	 platinum.	 Everything	 about	 her	 was	 chic	 but
seemed	effortless.	As	if	she	just	woke	up	looking	this	put	together.
“Lyla,	this	is	Mrs.	Browning,”	Dad	said.	“And	you	know	Finch.”
“Yes.	Hi.	Hello,”	I	said,	without	making	eye	contact	with	either	of	them.
“Would	you	like	a	croissant?”	Dad	said,	looking	at	Mrs.	Browning,	then	Finch.	It
was	 the	 first	 time	 I’d	 ever	 heard	 him	 say	 the	 word,	 and	 it	 sounded	 weird.	 Too
French	or	something.
Finch	eyed	the	plate	like	he	wanted	one	but	shook	his	head	and	said	no	thank
you.	 Mrs.	 Browning	 declined	 as	 well,	 rendering	 the	 pastries	 pure,	 awkward
decoration.
“Can	I	get	you	something	to	drink?”	Dad	said,	which	he	probably	should	have
offered	first.	“A	coffee?	Water?”
“I	 have	 one,	 thanks,”	 Mrs.	 Browning	 said,	 pulling	 a	 bottle	 of	 Evian	 out	 of	 her
tote.
“Finch?	Something	to	drink?”	Dad	said.
“I’m	fine,	thank	you,”	Finch	replied.
Meanwhile	 I	 just	 sat	 there,	 wanting	 to	 die,	 as	 Mrs.	 Browning	 announced	 that
Finch	had	something	to	say	to	me.
I	nodded,	staring	at	a	wide	gold	bangle	sliding	up	and	down	on	her	arm	as	she
pushed	her	glossy	blond	hair	behind	her	ear.
“Yes,”	I	heard	Finch	say.	He	then	said	my	name,	and	I	looked	directly	at	him	for
the	first	time.
“I’m	 really	 sorry	 for	 what	 I	 did,”	 he	 said.	 “I	 was	 drinking—not	 that	 that’s	 an
excuse.	 It	 was	 stupid	 and	 immature	 and	 a	 really	 awful	 thing	 to	 do.	 I’m	 really
sorry.”

“It’s	okay,”	I	mumbled,	but	Dad	interjected	in	a	loud	voice	that	it	actually	wasn’t
okay.
“Dad,”	I	said	under	my	breath.	“Stop.”
“No,”	Finch	said.	“He’s	right.	It’s	not	okay.”
“It’s	 not,”	 Mrs.	 Browning	 chimed	 in.	 “And	 for	 what	 it’s	 worth,	 Finch	 wasn’t
raised	like	that.”
“Like	 what?”	 Dad	 said,	 though	 he	 managed	 to	 sound	 more	 curious	 than
confrontational.
“To	 be	 ignorant.	 Or	 mean.	 Or	 insensitive,”	 Mrs.	 Browning	 said,	 her	 voice
shaking	a	little	as	if	she	might	cry.	Something	about	her	didn’t	strike	me	as	a	crier,
though,	and	Dad’s	expression	tough	cookie	crossed	my	mind.
Finch	and	I	made	eye	contact	for	one	second	before	he	turned	to	Dad	and	said,
“Mr.	Volpe,	do	you	think	I	could	talk	to	Lyla	alone	for	a	moment?”
Dad	looked	speechless	for	a	beat,	then	said	my	name	in	a	question	as	if	asking
for	my	permission.	I	nodded,	keeping	my	eyes	lowered.
“Okay,”	Dad	said.	“Nina	and	I	can	step	outside	for	a	minute….”	His	voice	trailed
off	as	they	both	stood.	She	followed	him	to	the	kitchen,	then	out	the	side	door	to
the	backyard.
When	 I	 heard	 the	 door	 close,	 I	 raised	 my	 chin	 and	 looked	 at	 Finch.	 He	 gazed
back	at	me	with	those	sick	blue	eyes.	When	he	blinked,	I	could	see	the	curl	of	his
blond	lashes.	It	made	my	chest	ache,	even	before	he	said	my	name,	as	a	low	and
whispery	question.
“What?”	I	said	softly,	my	face	on	fire.
Finch	took	a	deep	breath,	then	said,	“I’ve	been	debating	this…but	I	really	think	I
need	to	tell	you	exactly	what	happened	that	night….”
“Okay,”	I	said,	eyeing	the	back	door	and	feeling	sick	to	my	stomach.	I	couldn’t
see	Dad	or	Mrs.	Browning	but	pictured	them	sitting	together	at	the	picnic	table.
“So,	you	know	how	we	were	playing	Uno?”	he	said.
“Yes,”	I	said.
“Well,	Polly	and	I	got	into	an	argument	at	one	point.	Did	you	notice?”
I	shrugged,	even	though	I	had.
“Well,	we	did….And	it	was	over	you.”
“Me?”	I	said,	shocked.
“Yeah.	You.”
“Why?”	I	asked.

“She	was	jealous.	You	looked	so	hot	in	that	black	dress….She	saw	me	looking	at
you…accused	me	of	flirting…and	she	got	pissed.”
“Oh,”	 I	 said,	 a	 mix	 of	 emotions	 washing	 over	 me.	 Confusion	 that	 Polly	 would
ever	 be	 jealous	 of	 me,	 worry	 that	 I	 had	 caused	 an	 argument,	 but	 mostly	 just	 a
strange,	warm	tingling	at	hearing	him	call	me	hot.	In	the	past,	a	few	boys	had	said
as	much	in	the	comments	of	my	Instagram	posts,	but	no	one	had	ever	said	it	so
plainly	to	my	face.
“Anyway,”	he	said.	“One	thing	led	to	another….”	His	voice	trailed	off.	“Are	you
following?”
I	shook	my	head,	confused	by	his	one	thing	led	to	another.	Was	he	talking	about
his	 fight	 with	 Polly?	 Or	 about	 me?	 I	 fleetingly	 wondered	 if	 something	 had
happened	 between	 us.	 Something	 physical.	 But	 there	 was	 no	 way.	 I	 would	 have
remembered	that.	I	remembered	every	look	Finch	had	ever	given	me.
“Listen,	Lyla,”	Finch	said,	leaning	toward	me,	saying	my	name	breathlessly.	“I
wasn’t	 the	 one	 who	 took	 that	 photo	 of	 you.	 I	 wasn’t	 the	 one	 who	 wrote	 that
caption.	And	I	wasn’t	the	one	who	sent	it	to	my	friends.”	He	bit	his	lower	lip,	then
ran	his	hand	through	his	wavy	blond	hair.	“Do	you	follow	me?”
“What?	 No.	 Not	 really,”	 I	 said,	 my	 mind	 and	 heart	 both	 in	 a	 dead	 sprint.
Suddenly,	a	realization	washed	over	me.	“Wait.	Was	it	Polly?…Did	she	have	your
phone?”
He	slowly	but	distinctly	nodded.	“Yes.	She	took	it	because	she	thought	you	and	I
were	talking…texting.”
“Why	would	she	think	that?”
“Because	of	the	way	we	were	looking	at	each	other.”
“But	we	weren’t	texting,	were	we?”	I	said,	remembering	that	my	dad	had	gone
through	my	messages.	Maybe	he	had	erased	a	thread?	Was	that	possible?
He	 shook	 his	 head.	 “No.	 I	 mean,	 I	 wanted	 to….If	 I	 had	 had	 your	 number,	 I
might’ve…but	no,	it	was	just	eye	contact….But	Polly	could	tell.	Women’s	intuition
or	whatever.”
I	nodded.	Because	of	course	I	could	tell,	too.
“So	I	got	buzzed	and	kind	of	lost	track	of	my	phone….”
“And	she	used	it	to	take	that	photo	of	me?”	I	asked,	wanting	to	make	absolutely
certain	I	was	hearing	him	right.
“Yes,”	Finch	said.	“That’s	exactly	what	happened.”
“Wow,”	I	said	under	my	breath,	mostly	to	myself.	“What	a…bitch.”
“I	 know….I	 mean—she’s	 not	 usually	 that	 kind	 of	 a	 person.	 She’s	 really
not….She’s	just	going	through	some	things.”

I	 looked	 at	 him,	 feeling	 skeptical.	 What	 issues	 could	 Polly	 possibly	 have?	 She
was	rich	and	beautiful—the	female	equivalent	of	Finch.	Plus	she	was	dating	him.
She	had	him.	So	what	if	he	flirted	a	little	with	me?	That	meant	nothing	compared
to	their	long-standing	relationship.	Or	did	it?
“Anyway.	We	broke	up	over	it,”	he	finished.
“You	did?”	I	said,	my	voice	cracking.	“Because	of	me?”
“No.	Because	of	what	she	did	to	you.”
My	head	spinning,	I	said,	“Does	your	mom	know?	That	Polly	did	it?”
He	shook	his	head	and	said,	“No.”
“Does	anyone?”
“No,”	he	said	again.
“Why	not?	Why	haven’t	you	told	anyone	the	truth?”
Finch	sighed	and	shook	his	head.	“I	don’t	know….It’s	hard	to	explain,	and	I	just
can’t	get	into	everything….But…let’s	just	say	Polly	has	a	lot	of	issues.”
“Like	what?”	I	said.
Finch	sighed	and	said,	“I	can’t	really	say.”
I	 stared	 at	 him,	 suddenly	 remembering	 rumors	 I’d	 heard	 earlier	 in	 the	 school
year	about	an	eating	disorder	and	cutting.	A	very	small,	ugly	part	of	me	had	sort	of
hoped	they	were	true,	if	only	to	believe	that	nobody’s	life	was	that	perfect.	But	a
bigger	part	of	me	assumed	that	the	rumors	were	lies,	born	from	the	same	jealousy
I	 felt	 when	 I	 scrolled	 through	 her	 glittery,	 glamorous	 Instagram.	 Now	 I	 believed
them—and	 I	 couldn’t	 help	 feeling	 sorry	 for	 her.	 More	 because	 she’d	 lost	 Finch
than	 anything	 else.	 I	 told	 myself	 to	 get	 over	 that.	 She’d	 made	 her	 own	 bed.	 She
didn’t	deserve	my	sympathy.
“You	have	to	tell	the	truth,”	I	said.	“At	your	hearing.	You	have	to	tell	them	that
you	didn’t	do	this.	That	she	did.”
He	 shook	 his	 head,	 adamant.	 “No,	 Lyla.	 I	 just	 can’t	 do	 that	 to	 her….Beyond
her…issues…she’s	 been	 in	 trouble	 before.	 This	 would	 be	 her	 second
offense….She’d	definitely	get	thrown	out.	I	don’t	want	that	on	my	conscience.”
I	glanced	toward	the	backyard	again,	wondering	how	much	time	we	had	before
Dad	and	Nina	returned.	“You	can’t	take	the	blame	for	this,”	I	said.
“Yes,	I	can,”	he	said.	“Please	respect	my	decision.”
“But	you	could	get	suspended	or	expelled.	You	could	lose	Princeton.”
“I	know,”	Finch	said.	“But	I	don’t	think	that	will	happen.”
“What	do	you	think	will	happen?”
He	 sighed,	 shrugged,	 and	 said,	 “Well,	 hopefully,	 I	 go	 through	 this	 honor

process,	and	take	the	blame	for	the	picture….But	somehow	I	don’t	lose	Princeton.
And…Polly	gets	help….And	you	don’t	hate	me….”	His	voice	was	soft	and	sweet—
the	way	boys	almost	never	sound	except	in	the	movies	with	slow,	romantic	songs
playing	in	the	background.
“I	don’t	hate	you,”	I	said,	my	heart	skipping	random	beats.
“Really?”
“Really,”	I	said.
“Okay.	So…given	that	you	don’t	hate	me…”	He	hesitated,	dropping	his	eyes.	“I
was	wondering…if	you	might	like	to	hang	out	sometime?”
Light-headed,	 I	 tried	 to	 process	 what	 he	 was	 asking.	 Surely	 it	 was	 only	 a
theoretical	question.	“You	and	me?”	I	said.
“Yeah.	You	and	me,”	he	said.
“When?”	I	said.
“I	don’t	know…soon?	Are	you	free	tonight?”
“I’m	 not	 sure	 my	 dad	 would	 be	 cool	 with	 that,”	 I	 said.	 A	 huge,	 huge
understatement.	 “Besides,	 aren’t	 you	 grounded?”	 I	 asked,	 having	 heard	 the
rumors	of	his	harsh	punishment.	That	he	wasn’t	allowed	to	leave	his	house	for	the
rest	of	the	spring	and	summer.
“Yeah.	 But	 given	 the	 circumstances,	 I’m	 betting	 my	 parents	 might	 make	 an
exception	 here,”	 he	 said,	 just	 as	 the	 side	 door	 opened	 and	 my	 dad	 and	 his	 mom
reappeared.
“Was	that	enough	time?”	Mrs.	Browning	asked,	peering	over	at	us.
“Yes,”	Finch	and	I	answered	in	unison.
She	 looked	 hesitant,	 but	 returned	 to	 her	 original	 seat	 on	 the	 sofa,	 as	 my	 dad
stood	nearby	and	offered	coffee	again.
This	time,	Mrs.	Browning	said,	“Sure.	I’d	love	one,	thank	you.”
“Cream	or	sugar?”
“No,	thank	you.	Black’s	fine,”	she	replied.
Dad	nodded	and	walked	toward	the	kitchen,	while	the	three	of	us	just	sort	of	sat
there.	I	caught	Mrs.	Browning	giving	me	a	once-over,	and	then	smiling	at	me.
“I	love	your	top,”	she	said.
“Thank	you,”	I	said,	pleased.	“I	got	it	at	a	vintage	shop.”
“Oh?	Which	one?”
“Star	Struck.	On	Gallatin.	Do	you	know	it?”
“Of	course,”	she	said.

“It’s	a	little	pricey.	But	sometimes	you	can	find	deals.”
Mrs.	 Browning	 smiled	 and	 said,	 “Yes.	 Shopping	 can	 be	 a	 very	 strategic
enterprise.	Sometimes	I	think	it’s	the	hunt	I	like	more	than	the	actual	purchase.”
“Yeah.	I	know	what	you	mean,”	I	said.	Then	I	added,	“I	really	like	your	shoes.”
She	did	a	little	Dorothy	there’s-no-place-like-home	heel	tap	and	thanked	me	as
Dad	returned	with	her	coffee,	handing	her	the	mug.
It	fleetingly	occurred	to	me	that	Mrs.	Browning	was	being	too	nice—and	I	felt	a
dash	of	suspicion.	What	if	she	and	Finch	had	come	here	with	the	goal	to	win	me
over?	A	“good	cop,	bad	cop”	thing,	though	this	was	two	good	cops.	I	told	myself
that	 I	 was	 being	 crazy	 as	 Mrs.	 Browning	 looked	 at	 Finch	 and	 said,	 “So?	 Did	 you
two…talk?”
“Yes,”	he	said,	nodding.
“And?”
“And…it	was	good,	Mom,”	he	said,	his	voice	loud	and	clear.
Mrs.	Browning	looked	at	me,	as	I	dumbly	echoed	Finch.	“Yeah.	It	was	good,”	I
said.
Dad	frowned.	“Good	how?”
“Good…in	that…he’s	very	sorry	for	what	happened,”	I	stammered.
“Yes.	 And	 I’d	 love	 the	 chance	 to	 talk	 with	 Lyla	 a	 little	 more,”	 Finch	 added.	 “If
that’s	okay	with	you,	Mr.	Volpe?”	His	voice	rose	along	with	his	eyebrows.
“Now?”	Dad	asked.
“No,”	 Finch	 said.	 “Not	 now.	 But	 maybe	 another	 time…Lyla	 and	 I	 could	 get
together	and	talk?”
I	held	my	breath,	watching	Dad	process	the	request.	“Are	you	trying	to	ask	my
daughter	out?”
“Well…actually…yes,	sir,”	Finch	said.
“On	a	date?”	Dad	said,	his	voice	getting	louder	and	his	face	redder.
“Dad,”	I	said,	mortified	that	he	was	trying	to	label	it.	“He	didn’t	say	a	date.”
But	Finch	rose	boldly	to	the	challenge.	“Yes,	sir.	On	a	date.	I	want	to	get	to	know
her	better.	And	I	want	her	to	know	me.	I’m	just	asking	for	the	chance	to	prove	that
I’m	 really	 not	 a	 bad	 person.	 Although	 I	 know	 I’ve	 done	 nothing	 to	 deserve	 that
chance.”
I	cleared	my	throat	and	made	myself	speak	up.	“Yes,	you	have,”	I	said,	my	heart
racing.	 “You	 coming	 here	 today	 means	 a	 lot	 to	 my	 dad	 and	 me.	 Right,	 Dad?”	 I
said,	prompting	him,	wondering	if	he	was	going	to	be	a	total	hypocrite	and	recant
everything	he’d	said	about	giving	Finch	a	chance.

It	 took	 him	 another	 few	 seconds	 to	 finally	 answer.	 “I	 guess,”	 Dad	 grumbled,
shifting	his	gaze	from	me	to	Nina,	then	back	to	Finch.	“But	you	know	this	changes
absolutely	nothing	about	your	hearing	next	week?”
“Of	course.	Yes,	sir,”	Finch	said.	“Besides.	Even	if	I	wanted	to	get	out	of	it,	my
mom	would	never	let	me….”	He	smiled.
Dad	didn’t	smile	back.
“But	I	don’t,”	Finch	added.	“Want	to	get	out	of	anything.	I	know	I	have	to	face
my	punishment.”
Dad	nodded,	his	jaw	relaxing	a	little.	“Okay,”	he	said.
“So	I	have	your	permission	to	ask	Lyla	out?”	Finch	asked.	“At	some	point?”
Dad	rolled	his	eyes,	then	took	a	deep	breath.	“I	can’t	stop	you	from	asking	her
out,”	he	said.	“But	I’d	be	very	surprised	if	she	said	yes.”

“H

ow	do	you	feel?”	I	asked	Finch	on	the	way	home	from	the	Volpes’	house.
We	were	in	my	car,	but	he	was	driving.

“I	feel	great,”	he	said.	“Really	great.	I’m	so	glad	we	did	that.”
I	 felt	 a	 wave	 of	 relief	 as	 I	 said	 to	 my	 son,	 “Doesn’t	 it	 feel	 good	 to	 do	 the	 right
thing?”	The	question	was	a	little	heavy-handed,	but	I	couldn’t	help	myself.
“Yeah,”	 he	 said,	 glancing	 over	 at	 me.	 “It	 really	 does….And	 Lyla?	 She’s	 a	 cool
girl….”
He	bit	his	lip,	smiled,	and	slowly	shook	his	head,	the	way	he	did	when	watching
an	amazing	play	in	a	football	or	basketball	game.	It	was	in	stark	contrast	to	Kirk—
who	always	got	up	and	clapped	and	yelled	at	the	television.
“Yeah.	She	is,”	I	said,	thinking	that	there	was	something	about	Lyla	that	seemed
lacking	in	other	girls	I	knew	through	Finch,	Polly	in	particular.	A	certain	genuine
quality.	Polly	was	always	perfectly	polite,	saying	all	the	right	things	to	me,	making
eye	contact	and	fluid	small	talk.	Yet	there	was	something	about	her	that	seemed
almost	too	polite,	scripted	even.
“Mr.	Volpe	was	nice,	too,”	Finch	said.
I	 nodded,	 thinking	 of	 our	 conversation	 on	 the	 back	 porch.	 We’d	 talked	 about
Finch	and	Lyla,	wondering	how	it	was	going	inside.	But	we’d	also	discussed	kids
today	in	more	general	terms.	How	they	hid	behind	their	phones,	saying	things	that
they’d	never	say	directly	to	someone’s	face—whether	mean	or	sexual	or	just	plain
bold.	We	pitied	them,	and	pitied	ourselves	as	their	parents.	Tom	never	let	Finch
off	 the	 hook	 for	 what	 he’d	 done	 to	 Lyla,	 but	 he’d	 definitely	 softened	 since	 the
coffee	shop.
Finch	slowed	at	a	yellow	light,	then	came	to	a	full	stop.	His	foot	on	the	brake,	he
looked	 at	 me,	 big-eyed.	 “So,	 Mom.	 I	 think	 I	 am	 going	 to	 ask	 Lyla	 out	 at	 some
point….You	heard	Mr.	Volpe	say	I	could,	right?”
“Yes,”	I	said,	still	surprised	Tom	had	left	the	door	open	on	that	possibility.	“But
you	also	heard	him	say	she	probably	wouldn’t	go….”
He	 nodded,	 now	 staring	 up	 at	 the	 light,	 waiting	 for	 it	 to	 change.	 “Yeah.	 Well.
Maybe	I’ll	just	call	her.	I	really	want	to	talk	to	her	some	more,”	he	said	as	the	light

turned	to	green.
I	 understood	 the	 feeling—I	 wanted	 to	 keep	 talking	 to	 Tom,	 too.	 Conversation
felt	healing,	and	we	all	needed	that.
“In	any	case,	I	think	you	should	wait	until	after	your	hearing,”	I	said,	part	of	me
worried	 about	 how	 it	 would	 look:	 Finch	 manipulating	 the	 situation.	 On	 the	 one
hand,	I	was	tired	of	worrying	about	appearances,	sick	of	making	decisions	based
on	what	others	might	think.	But	on	the	other,	this	just	wasn’t	a	good	idea.
“Yeah,”	Finch	said.	“I	got	it.”
“Also,	 just	 so	 you	 know,	 I’m	 going	 to	 tell	 Dad	 about	 our	 meeting	 and	 your
apology,”	I	said.	“As	soon	as	he	gets	home…”
“Okay,”	he	said	with	a	shrug.
“Your	father	and	I	have	had	some	differences	lately,	but	we	need	to	be	a	united
front.	Especially	when	it	comes	to	you.”
Finch	glanced	at	me	knowingly,	then	nodded,	as	if	he,	too,	had	noticed	the	sea
change	in	our	home	and	marriage—which	seemed	to	have	begun	when	Kirk	sold
his	business.
I	thought	about	that	time	now.	At	first,	the	three	of	us	were	thrilled—giddy.	But
things	 quickly	 turned	 tense,	 even	 ugly,	 during	 the	 winding-down	 period,	 which
included	 parting	 ways	 with	 his	 top	 executive,	 Chuck	 Wilder.	 Chuck	 had	 no	 real
piece	 of	 the	 business,	 as	 Kirk	 had	 put	 up	 all	 the	 capital	 and	 had	 one	 hundred
percent	ownership,	but	Chuck	put	in	a	lot	of	sweat	equity	over	the	years,	giving	up
more	lucrative	jobs	because	he	believed	so	much	in	Kirk’s	vision.	I	think	he’d	also
had	 an	 expectation	 of	 being	 included	 in	 the	 massive	 payout,	 and	 in	 my	 view,	 it
wasn’t	an	unwarranted	one.
But	 Kirk	 flatly	 refused,	 even	 after	 Chuck’s	 wife,	 Donna,	 showed	 up	 on	 our
doorstep,	confiding	that	she	was	extremely	worried	about	her	husband’s	“mental
state.”
“It’s	not	personal,”	Kirk	had	said.	“It’s	just	business.”
“But	it	is	personal,”	Donna	had	said.	“Y’all	are	friends.”
“I	 know	 we’re	 friends,	 Donna.	 But	 I	 have	 to	 separate	 that	 from	 my	 business
decisions,”	Kirk	had	replied	calmly	and	coldly.
I	remember	feeling	shocked,	but	also	not.	It	was	in	keeping	with	Kirk’s	attitudes
toward	tips.	He	was	perfectly	capable	of	leaving	a	paltry	amount,	and	in	extreme
cases	 nothing,	 if	 he	 deemed	 the	 service	 bad.	 And	 effort	 didn’t	 count;	 ineptitude
was	 ineptitude.	 In	 any	 event,	 Donna,	 just	 like	 a	 waitress	 or	 two	 along	 the	 way,
ended	up	in	tears.	Kirk	was	unyielding.
In	 the	 hours	 and	 days	 that	 followed,	 I	 had	 searched	 for	 signs	 of	 remorse,	 but
Kirk’s	 only	 reaction	 was	 indignation.	 How	 dare	 Chuck	 put	 Donna	 up	 to	 this

shameless	attempt	at	manipulation?	He’d	paid	Chuck	a	great	salary	for	years	and
owed	him	nothing	further.
“But	we	made	so	much	money,”	I	remember	saying.	“Why	can’t	we	just	throw
him	a	bone?	A	hundred	thousand	dollars	or	something?”
“Hell,	 no.	 Why	 would	 I	 do	 that?	 That’s	 not	 the	 way	 things	 work.	 It	 was	 my
capital.”
His	use	of	the	word	my	instead	of	our	made	me	uneasy,	as	I’d	noticed	that	the
more	money	Kirk	made,	the	more	likely	he	was	to	call	it	his.	But	I	also	remember
telling	myself	that	it	really	didn’t	matter.	Because	he	always	had	the	best	interests
of	Finch	and	me	at	heart.
I	compared	our	current	situation	to	that	one,	and	at	first	blush,	they	felt	similar.
Our	family	was	still	first.
But	 as	 Finch	 stopped	 at	 another	 traffic	 light,	 I	 thought	 of	 a	 rather	 significant
difference.	With	Chuck,	Kirk	had	operated	under	a	completely	rational	set	of	rules.
Fair	was	fair.	Rules	were	rules.	But	those	same	reasoned	principles	went	out	the
window	when	they	conflicted	with	Kirk’s	best	interest.	Suddenly	things	weren’t	so
clear-cut;	his	black-and-white	world	had	turned	gray.	In	Kirk’s	mind,	Finch	was	a
“good	 kid”	 who	 had	 saved	 up	 enough	 points	 to	 be	 given	 some	 leeway.	 He	 had
essentially	 earned	 one	 free	 pass—or	 more	 precisely,	 a	 fifteen-thousand-dollar
pass.
“So	what	time	is	Dad	coming	home?”	Finch	asked	now,	clearly	thinking	about
Kirk,	too.
“Sometime	 this	 afternoon,”	 I	 said,	 pulling	 my	 phone	 out	 of	 my	 purse	 to	 check
the	 flight	 information,	 just	 as	 a	 text	 came	 in	 from	 him	 that	 read:	 Hey,	 do	 we	 have
anything	on	the	calendar	tonight?
No.	Why?	I	wrote	back.
Thinking	about	staying	another	night.	Getting	a	migraine	and	just	want	to	lie	down.	Will	take	an	early	flight
tomorrow.
Okay.	Feel	better,	I	wrote	back,	relieved	that	I	could	put	off	our	conversation	about

Tom	and	the	money	a	little	longer.	I	gave	Finch	the	update	on	his	father’s	return,
and	he	just	nodded.
“Does	Dad	know	you	and	Polly	broke	up?”	I	asked.
“I	dunno,”	he	said.	“I	don’t	think	I	mentioned	it.”
“Have	you	talked	to	her?
“Not	much….She’s	nuts,	Mom.”
I	 felt	 myself	 tense	 up,	 having	 long	 noticed	 that	 this	 was	 something	 men	 (and
boys,	 obviously)	 did	 after	 any	 breakup.	 Dub	 their	 exes	 “crazy.”	 Discredit	 them,
make	 it	 seem	 as	 if	 the	 men	 were	 lucky	 to	 have	 gotten	 out	 of	 the	 relationship.	 In
fact,	Julie	had	once	told	me	it	was	the	most	common	narrative	in	the	aftermath	of

a	 divorce—the	 justification	 men	 used	 for	 their	 own	 misconduct.	 A	 form	 of
misogyny.
“Don’t	say	that,	Finch,”	I	said.
“Sorry,	Mom.	But	there’s	a	lot	of	stuff	you	don’t	know….She	really	can	be	a	bitch
—”
“Finch!”	 I	 said.	 “Don’t	 ever	 call	 girls	 names	 like	 that.	 It’s	 so	 incredibly
demeaning.”	I	wanted	to	add,	Have	you	learned	nothing	from	all	of	this?—but	I
stopped	myself.	It	was	the	most	we’d	talked	in	such	a	long	time,	and	I	didn’t	want
it	to	end	on	a	sour	note.
“Sorry,	 Mom,”	 he	 said	 again	 as	 he	 turned	 onto	 our	 street.	 “I	 just	 lost	 a	 lot	 of
respect	for	her	recently.	Ya	know?”
“Yeah,”	I	said,	nodding.	“I	know	how	that	can	be.”
—
A	SHORT	TIME	after	we	arrived	home,	Finch	found	me	in	my	office.
“Hey,	Mom?	What	do	you	think	of	me	going	out	tonight?	There’s	a	pop-up	show
at	Twelfth	and	Porter,”	he	said.	“Luke	Bryan’s	playing.	I	know	I’m	grounded—but
after	that	conversation	with	Lyla	and	all	the	drama	with	Polly,	I	could	really	use	a
night	out.	Please,	Mom?”
I	hesitated.	My	gut	told	me	to	say	no,	but	my	heart	wanted	to	say	yes.	We	really
had	made	so	much	progress	today.	“I	don’t	know,	Finch,”	I	said,	still	thinking.
“Can	 I	 at	 least	 email	 Bob	 Tate?”	 he	 pressed,	 referring	 to	 Kirk’s	 ticket	 broker,
who	could	not	only	produce	last-minute	tickets	to	any	show	or	sporting	event,	but
also	swing	VIP	passes	or	any	other	perk	Kirk	wanted.	“See	if	he	can	get	tickets?”
“How	much	do	you	think	they’ll	cost?”	I	asked,	feeling	determined	to	make	him
more	aware	of	money.
“I	 don’t	 know,”	 Finch	 said,	 glancing	 down	 at	 his	 phone,	 typing	 something.
“Maybe	a	couple	hundred	apiece	since	the	venue’s	small….”
“A	couple	hundred	apiece?”	I	said,	shocked—not	so	much	by	the	price	itself	but
by	Finch’s	nonchalance.
I	 made	 myself	 say	 no,	 then	 compromised.	 “You	 can	 go	 out,	 but	 find	 a	 way	 to
have	some	cheaper	fun.”
“Fine,	Mom,”	he	said,	looking	disappointed.
For	one	second,	I	felt	bad.	It	was	so	much	more	fun	to	make	Finch	happy,	and
my	general	overall	philosophy	was:	if	you	can	say	yes,	why	not	say	yes?	Of	course
that	was	Kirk’s	philosophy,	too,	which	had	led	us	down	the	path	of	virtually	always
saying	yes	to	our	son,	no	matter	the	cost.	After	all,	Kirk	would	point	out,	wasn’t	it
arbitrary	to	pick	a	random	amount	of	money	as	a	cutoff?	If	we	could	easily	afford

an	eighty-thousand-dollar	car	for	Finch,	why	get	him	a	forty-thousand-dollar	car
he’d	love	so	much	less?
Now	I	wanted	to	go	back	to	that	conversation	about	Finch’s	car—and	so	many
other	things.	I	wanted	to	list	all	the	reasons	why	not	for	Kirk.	He	shouldn’t	take
these	 things	 for	 granted….He	 needs	 to	 earn	 it….If	 the	 bar	 is	 already	 that	 high,
where	 will	 he	 go	 from	 here?…And	 most	 of	 all:	 There	 is	 a	 difference	 between
privilege	and	entitlement.	It	was	a	concept	that	seemed	as	lost	on	Finch	as	it	did
on	his	father.	What	made	Finch,	as	an	eighteen-year-old	kid,	think	he	could	reach
out	 to	 his	 dad’s	 ticket	 broker?	 That	 money	 was	 no	 object,	 although	 he’d	 never
earned	a	dime	on	his	own?
I	watched	Finch	type	something	else	on	his	phone,	then	look	back	up	at	me.	“I
need	 to	 go	 get	 a	 haircut….If	 that’s	 okay	 with	 you,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 trace	 of	 an
attitude.
“Watch	your	tone,”	I	said,	although	I	knew	my	admonition	probably	fell	under
the	category	of	“too	little	too	late.”
“Sure	thing,	Mom,”	he	said,	sliding	his	phone	into	his	back	pocket	as	he	walked
out	the	door.
—
MORE	 THAN	 THREE	 hours	 later,	 Finch	 returned	 to	 the	 house	 with	 the	 same	 shaggy
hair	he’d	left	with.
“I	thought	you	said	you	were	getting	a	haircut,”	I	said,	annoyed—with	both	the
state	of	his	hair	and	the	fact	that	he	hadn’t	done	what	he’d	said	he	was	going	to	do.
“The	place	was	packed,”	Finch	said,	referring	to	the	Belle	Meade	Barber	Shop—
where	he	always	went	to	get	his	hair	cut.	“I	waited	forever…and	then	finally	left.”
“You	waited	for	three	hours?”	I	said,	thinking	that	while	the	place	could	be	busy,
it	was	never	that	busy.
“I	had	other	errands	to	run….And	then	I	hit	some	balls	at	the	club.	With	Beau.”
“Okay,”	I	said.
“And	 guess	 what?…He	 actually	 has	 tickets	 to	 Luke	 Bryan	 tonight.	 And	 he
offered	me	one	of	them.”
“Oh,	 really?”	 I	 said,	 wondering	 if	 Melanie	 had	 anything	 to	 do	 with	 this,	 or	 if
Beau	and	Finch	had	just	finagled	it	on	their	own.	It	crossed	my	mind,	not	for	the
first	time,	that	Beau	hadn’t	been	grounded	for	the	party	he	threw.	He	was	never
punished.
“Yeah.	So?	Can	I	go?”
Something	inside	me	told	me	to	still	say	no—that	the	whole	thing	seemed	a	little
fishy.	But	I’d	explicitly	told	him	that	the	price	of	the	tickets	was	my	issue,	and	now

that	was	resolved.
“Please,	Mom?”	Finch	said,	putting	one	arm	around	me.	“Just	this	one	night?”
I	 sighed,	 then	 relented.	 “Okay,”	 I	 said.	 “But	 your	 punishment	 resumes
tomorrow.”
“Got	it,”	Finch	said,	grinning	and	already	texting.
I	cleared	my	throat	as	loudly	as	I	could,	cueing	him	to	look	up	at	me.	“Anything
else	you	might	want	to	say	to	me?”	I	asked,	attempting	light-heartedness,	but	also
making	a	final	point	about	the	importance	of	basic	gratitude.
“Oh,	yeah,”	he	said.	“Thanks,	Mom.	Seriously,	I	really,	really	appreciate	it.”
I	 nodded,	 then	 stepped	 forward	 to	 initiate	 a	 hug.	 It	 felt	 a	 little	 awkward,	 as	 it
had	 been	 a	 while	 since	 we	 shared	 any	 real	 physical	 affection.	 “You’re	 welcome,
honey,”	I	said.	“I	love	you	so	much.”
“I	love	you,	too,	Mom.”
As	he	began	to	pull	away,	I	held	on	to	him	for	an	extra	few	seconds,	whispering,
“Please	be	good	tonight.	No	more	trouble.”
“No	more	trouble,	Mom,”	he	said.	“I	promise.”

I’

ve	never	been	to	therapy—not	because	I	don’t	believe	in	it	but	because	I	can’t
afford	 it	 (although	 I	 guess	 it	 would	 be	 more	 accurate	 to	 say	 that	 I	 would
rather	do	other	things	with	my	limited	disposable	income).
A	few	years	back,	however,	I	did	start	spending	time	with	a	retired	shrink.	Her
name	 is	 Bonnie,	 and	 she’s	 an	 older	 widowed	 lady	 with	 just	 the	 right	 amount	 of
eccentricity,	who	had	hired	me	to	build	a	tree	house	for	her	grandkids.	A	couple
weeks	into	the	project,	when	I	discovered	that	her	fanciful	Swiss	Family	Robinson
design	exceeded	her	budget,	she	suggested	we	trade	services.	At	first	I	agreed	to
the	 deal	 only	 to	 be	 nice—so	 that	 I	 didn’t	 leave	 a	 half-finished	 tree	 house	 in	 her
yard—but	I	quickly	grew	to	really	enjoy	our	time	together.
I	liked	her	open-ended	questions,	especially	because	I	could	work	while	I	talked
(which	 seemed	 a	 lot	 less	 intense	 than	 sitting	 on	 a	 couch	 saying	 all	 the	 same
things).	 Anyway,	 we	 started	 with	 Beatriz	 and	 Lyla,	 quickly	 touching	 on	 all	 my
single-father	 woes.	 That	 eventually	 led	 her	 to	 the	 subject	 of	 women	 and	 why	 I
wasn’t	dating	and	then	my	entire	romantic	past.	She	asked	about	my	first	time—
how,	where,	and	to	whom	I’d	lost	my	virginity.
I	gave	her	the	full	scoop,	telling	her	all	about	the	summer	I	turned	fifteen,	when
my	 buddy	 John	 landed	 us	 jobs	 at	 Belle	 Meade	 Country	 Club.	 John	 lived	 on	 my
street	and	grew	up	basically	like	I	did	(i.e.,	not	exposed	to	golf).	But	somehow	he
developed	a	love	for	the	game.	I	was	pretty	indifferent	myself,	but	it	was	an	easy,
decent-paying	gig.	All	John	and	I	had	to	do	was	pick	up	balls	from	the	range,	clean
the	carts	and	clubs	after	use,	and	work	with	the	caddies	to	get	the	members’	bags
ready	to	play.	Incidentally,	all	the	caddies	at	Belle	Meade	were	black.	We	heard	the
reason	 was	 because	 members	 didn’t	 want	 their	 daughters	 falling	 in	 love	 with
them.	 Rather	 than	 worrying	 about	 the	 obvious	 racist	 implications	 of	 this,	 John
and	 I	 took	 it	 as	 an	 insult	 to	 us,	 i.e.,	 why	 weren’t	 members	 worried	 about	 their
daughters	falling	in	love	with	us	white	bag	room	boys?
Cue	Delaney.
At	 sixteen,	 Delaney	 was	 an	 older	 woman—a	 rich	 older	 woman—who	 drove	 a
cherry-red	 BMW	 convertible,	 a	 birthday	 gift	 from	 her	 father.	 As	 if	 that	 wasn’t
impressive	enough,	Delaney	had	a	reputation	for	being	somewhat	advanced.	(We
called	 it	 something	 a	 little	 different	 at	 the	 time.)	 We	 saw	 the	 way	 she	 sauntered

around	the	pool	in	the	tiniest	string	bikinis,	undoing	her	top	while	she	sunbathed
facedown,	 exposing	 ample	 side	 boob	 (which	 we	 heard	 had	 also	 been	 a	 gift	 from
Daddy).	She	loved	to	flirt	and	did	not	discriminate,	shining	her	bright	sexual	light
on	everyone—married	men,	black	caddies,	and	lowly	bag	room	boys.
John	and	I	both	developed	a	crush	on	Delaney,	viewing	her	more	as	a	potential
sexual	conquest	than	as	a	girl	we	thought	we	could	actually	date.	At	some	point,
we	placed	a	far-fetched	bet—twenty-five	bucks	for	every	base	one	of	us	got	to	with
her.	Over	the	course	of	the	summer,	we	managed	to	work	our	way	into	Delaney’s
social	circle	through	another	bag	room	boy	who	knew	some	members,	and	the	bet
no	longer	seemed	so	unrealistic.	Then,	one	evening	in	early	August,	in	addition	to
getting	a	blow	job	from	Delaney	in	the	backseat	of	her	convertible,	I	earned	myself
seventy-five	dollars	from	John.	A	true	windfall.	Unfortunately,	word	got	out	about
our	 escapade—and	 I	 was	 fired.	 Delaney	 tried	 to	 intervene	 on	 my	 behalf,	 but	 her
father	quickly	squelched	her	campaign	for	justice.	He	also	told	her	she	could	never
see	me	again,	which	only	fueled	our	interest	in	each	other,	as	those	things	have	a
tendency	to	do.
We	ended	up	going	all	the	way	a	few	nights	later,	which	should	have	earned	me
another	twenty-five	dollars	from	John,	but	I	didn’t	charge	him.	It	just	didn’t	seem
right	to	get	paid	for	your	first	time,	especially	with	a	girl	as	hot	as	Delaney.
“Did	it	cross	your	mind	that	this	was	a	sexist,	demeaning	bet?”	Bonnie	asked	as
she	sipped	her	tea.
“Yeah,”	I	said,	sanding	away.	“I	think	it	did.	A	little.	But	it	wasn’t	her	first	time.
Besides,	I	got	the	feeling	she	was	using	me,	too.”
“So	you	were	using	her?”
“At	first.	When	I	made	the	bet,	yeah.”
“But	then?”
“But	then	I	started	to	like	her.	A	little.”
“And	how	was	she	using	you?”	Bonnie	drilled	away.	“Also	for	sex?”
“I	like	to	think	so,”	I	said	with	a	smirk.
Bonnie	smiled	back	and	shook	her	head.
“I’m	 kidding.	 Delaney	 could	 have	 slept	 with	 anyone….I	 just	 made	 her	 feel	 like
even	more	of	a	rebel.”
“How	so?”
“You	know	‘how	so.’	Sleeping	with	a	bag	boy—a	status	that	was	beneath	her.	She
got	off	on	bucking	the	system,	whether	in	the	form	of	her	swimwear	or	her	choice
of	screws.”
“Did	she	tell	you	that?”

“Not	in	so	many	words.	But	she	talked	about	that	shit	a	lot.	Money	and	social
class.	 She	 even	 used	 that	 word	 a	 lot.	 Classy.”	 I	 rolled	 my	 eyes,	 feeling	 the
inferiority	all	over	again.
“So	you	didn’t	feel	like…star-crossed	lovers?”
“No.	I	felt	like	a	pawn,”	I	said.	“Then,	one	night,	she	really	went	too	far.”
“Uh-oh.	What	did	she	do?”	Bonnie	asked.
“She	used	the	expression	salt	of	the	earth	to	describe	my	mother.”
Always	getting	it,	Bonnie	winced,	then	groaned.
“Yeah.	I	kinda	lost	my	shit.	I	told	her	it	was	a	condescending	expression,”	I	said,
envisioning	 Delaney	 sitting	 on	 the	 cement	 floor	 of	 my	 basement,	 sipping	 from	 a
can	of	Budweiser,	calmly	insisting	that	the	term	was	a	compliment—synonymous
with	sweet	and	wholesome.
I	told	Bonnie	how	I	had	asked	Delaney	what	about	my	mother	came	across	as
sweet	 or	 wholesome	 when	 all	 she	 had	 done	 was	 say,	 Hello.	 Nice	 to	 meet	 you.
Would	you	like	a	drink?	We	have	Diet	Pepsi	and	OJ.
Bonnie	laughed	a	hearty,	openmouthed	laugh.	“And	her	reply?”
“She	got	defensive.	She	didn’t	like	getting	called	out.	She	liked	doing	the	calling
out….But	 I	 pressed	 her.	 I	 asked	 if	 she’d	 ever	 call	 a	 doctor	 or	 lawyer	 ‘salt	 of	 the
earth’?	Or	if	there	were	any	country	club	members	who	she	would	describe	as	‘salt
of	 the	 earth’?…She	 said	 no,	 because	 they	 all	 ‘sucked.’	 I	 remember	 thinking	 that
they	 couldn’t	 all	 suck,	 any	 more	 than	 all	 single	 mothers	 were	 ‘salt	 of	 the	 earth.’
But	I	dropped	the	subject.	I	figured	it	didn’t	matter	enough	to	argue	about	it.”
“Why	didn’t	it	matter	enough?”
“Because	 she	 didn’t	 matter	 enough,”	 I	 said	 with	 a	 shrug.	 “I	 was	 over	 it.	 Her.
Right	then	and	there.”
“So	you	broke	up	that	night?”
“Yup,”	I	said,	not	admitting	that	we’d	actually	had	sex	a	few	other	times	before	I
decided,	once	and	for	all,	that	I	didn’t	want	to	be	the	guy	she	slummed	with.
It	 didn’t	 take	 Bonnie	 long	 to	 give	 me	 her	 full	 hypothesis.	 She	 didn’t	 use	 the
words	chip	on	your	shoulder,	but	more	or	less	that’s	what	she	said.	Basically,	she
concluded	that	I’d	felt	used	by	Delaney,	my	self-esteem	damaged	by	both	her	and
the	whole	Belle	Meade	Country	Club	experience.	Somewhere	deep	within	myself,
she	believed,	I	believed	that	I	didn’t	measure	up—and	afterward	sought	out	people
and	situations	where	I’d	feel	less	vulnerable	to	rejection.	The	irony,	of	course,	was
that	 I	 ended	 up	 with	 Beatriz,	 who	 ultimately	 left	 me,	 too,	 hence	 reinforcing	 my
fears	and	sense	of	isolation.	Bonnie’s	words,	not	mine.
Her	 theory	 made	 good	 sense,	 but	 for	 the	 fact	 that	 I	 didn’t	 spend	 a	 lot	 of	 time
dwelling	on	the	past.	Nor	did	I	think	much	about	my	present	lack	of	friendships.

In	 fact,	 the	 only	 time	 I	 really	 thought	 about	 my	 social	 life	 at	 all	 was	 when	 Lyla
pointed	it	out,	sometimes	in	the	form	of	concern	(“You	should	go	out	more,	Dad”)
and	sometimes	in	the	form	of	an	accusation	when	I	would	tell	her	she	couldn’t	do
something	(“You	want	me	to	be	like	you	and	have	no	friends?”).
But	 then	 all	 this	 happened	 with	 Finch,	 and	 suddenly	 I	 did	 feel	 a	 little	 lonely.
Lost.	 It	 kept	 striking	 me	 as	 pretty	 pathetic	 that	 I	 had	 nobody	 to	 discuss	 the
situation	with.
Which	 is	 how	 I	 remembered	 that	 I	 actually	 did	 have	 someone	 to	 talk	 to.	 So	 I
drove	over	to	Bonnie’s.
“You	think	it’s	weird	how	few	friends	I	have?”	I	asked	her	pretty	much	out	of	the
gate,	as	we	stood	in	her	kitchen	and	she	fired	up	her	stove	to	make	us	tea.	Tea	was
the	starting	point	of	all	of	our	visits.
“Weird?	No.	I	wouldn’t	use	that	word.	You’re	an	introvert.	Not	everyone	needs	a
posse,”	 Bonnie	 said,	 stressing	 the	 word	 posse.	 She	 loved	 to	 sprinkle	 in	 what	 she
considered	to	be	current	slang—although	she	was	usually	about	a	decade	off.
“But	I	had	a	posse	as	a	kid.	Before	Beatriz,”	I	said.
Bonnie	nodded.	“Yes.	I	remember	you	mentioning	that.	One	of	the	fellows	was
the	guy	who	got	you	the	golf	course	job?”
“Yes.	 John.	 Also	 Steve	 and	 Gerard,”	 I	 said,	 giving	 her	 a	 rundown	 on	 our
foursome,	 how	 we	 had	 grown	 up	 together,	 roaming	 around	 the	 woods	 near	 our
neighborhood	as	boys,	then	coming	of	age	with	a	backdrop	of	beer,	pot,	and	heavy
metal	music.	When	I	think	back	to	high	school,	I	think	of	that	group	of	guys,	plus
John’s	 longtime	 girlfriend,	 Karen,	 as	 cool	 as	 any	 dude,	 sitting	 around	 and	 just
shooting	 the	 shit,	 talking	 about	 everything	 and	 nothing.	 Our	 favorite	 topic	 was
how	 much	 we	 hated	 Nashville,	 at	 least	 our	 part	 of	 town—and	 how	 much	 we
wanted	 to	 get	 the	 hell	 out	 of	 there	 and	 have	 lives	 different	 than	 those	 of	 the
grown-ups	 grinding	 it	 out	 in	 low-paying	 jobs	 around	 us.	 With	 the	 most	 book
smarts	and	drive	among	us,	only	John	actually	succeeded	in	doing	that.	He	went
to	Miami	of	Ohio	for	undergrad,	Northwestern	for	business	school,	then	landed	on
Wall	 Street,	 trading	 bonds,	 smoking	 expensive	 cigars,	 and	 wearing	 his	 hair	 all
slicked	 back	 like	 Michael	 Douglas	 playing	 Gordon	 Gekko.	 Meanwhile,	 I	 went	 to
junior	 college	 for	 three	 semesters	 before	 running	 out	 of	 money	 and	 going	 into
carpentry,	 and	 Steve	 and	 Gerard	 went	 into	 their	 respective	 family	 trades,
becoming	 an	 insurance	 salesman	 and	 an	 electrician.	 The	 only	 real	 twist	 in	 the
story	 is	 that	 when	 John	 and	 Karen	 broke	 up,	 she	 ended	 up	 dating	 Steve,	 then
breaking	 up	 with	 Steve	 to	 marry	 Gerard.	 It	 was	 a	 wonder	 we’d	 survived	 those
breaches	of	the	man	code	at	all.
“So	 who	 do	 you	 now	 consider	 your	 closest	 friend?”	 Bonnie	 asked	 as	 her	 kettle
began	to	whistle,	then	screech.	She	grabbed	the	handle	with	an	oven	mitt,	moving
it	to	a	back	burner,	instantly	silencing	it.

I	smiled	and	said,	“Other	than	the	lady	who	stiffed	me	for	the	tree	house?”
Bonnie	laughed	and	said,	“Yes.	Other	than	that	old	bat.”
I	 shrugged,	 explaining	 that	 the	 four	 of	 us,	 sans	 Karen,	 still	 tried	 to	 meet	 up
when	John	came	back	to	town	to	visit	his	folks	every	other	Thanksgiving	or	so,	but
the	dynamic	felt	a	little	forced.
“So	are	you	lonely?	Or	is	this	about	something	else?”	Bonnie	said.
I	looked	at	her,	thinking	that	she	was	kind	of	brilliant.	“Something	else,”	I	said.
“But	I	might	need	something	stronger	than	tea.”
Bonnie	smiled,	turned	off	the	stove,	and	poured	us	both	a	glass	of	clear	liquor,
neat.
“What’s	this?”	I	said,	swirling	it	in	my	glass.
“Gin,”	she	said.	“It’s	all	I	have.”
I	nodded,	then	took	the	glass	and	followed	her	to	her	back	porch,	where	we	sat
on	wicker	chairs	and	gazed	up	in	the	tree	at	my	handiwork.	As	we	sipped,	I	told
her	 the	 whole	 story.	 Everything.	 Ending	 with	 Nina	 and	 Finch’s	 visit,	 and	 Finch
asking	for	my	permission	to	ask	Lyla	out.
Bonnie	 whistled	 and	 shook	 her	 head.	 “What	 did	 you	 tell	 him?	 Wait.	 Let	 me
guess.	Over	your	dead	body?”
“Not	exactly,	actually.”
“Really?”
“Yes,	 really.	 Why	 so	 surprised?	 I	 thought	 you	 believed	 in	 forgiveness?”	 I	 said.
“Letting	go	of	bitterness	and	all	that	stuff?”
“I	do,”	she	said.	“But	you	don’t.”
“Good	point,”	I	said.	“But	I’m	trying	to	set	a	better	example.	I’d	rather	Lyla	be
like	you	than	me.”
Bonnie	smiled.
“So.	I’m	hoping	she	says	no	on	her	own.	That	she	accepts	his	apology	but	still
wants	nothing	to	do	with	him.	I	am	hoping	this	has	taught	her	a	few	things	about
self-respect.”
Bonnie	nodded,	then	squinted	up	at	the	sky.	The	late	afternoon	sun	highlighted
all	 her	 lines	 and	 wrinkles,	 making	 her	 look	 older	 than	 I	 thought	 of	 her	 as.	 Then
again,	she	probably	was	in	her	early	seventies	by	now,	which	somehow	seemed	so
much	older	than	one’s	late	sixties.	At	forty-seven,	I	thought	about	how	fast	I	would
get	there,	too.	I	was	almost	fifty,	for	fuck’s	sake.	How	had	that	happened?
“What	 if	 she	 says	 yes?	 What	 if	 she	 ends	 up	 really	 liking	 him?”	 she	 asked
tentatively,	 reaching	 down	 to	 stroke	 one	 of	 her	 two	 black	 cats,	 who	 was	 just
moseying	by.

“I	guess	I’d	cross	that	bridge,”	I	said.	“With	your	help.”
“Do	you	think	he	likes	her?	Or	is	he…?”	She	struggled	to	find	the	right	slang.
“Playing	her?”
Bonnie	nodded.	“Yeah.	That.”
“I	can’t	tell,”	I	said.	“Maybe	both?…I	know	I’m	biased,	but	Lyla	really	is	a	special
girl.”
Bonnie	squinted	harder,	deep	in	thought.	“Well.	What	could	it	really	hurt	if	they
did	go	out?”
“She	could	get	her	heart	broken,”	I	said.
“God	forbid	she	take	that	risk,”	she	quipped,	clearly	making	a	separate	point.
“It’s	not	the	same	thing,”	I	said,	knowing	she	was	about	to	get	on	her	soapbox
about	my	personal	life.	“I	don’t	have	time	for	that	stuff—”
“Nonsense,”	she	said.	“People	make	time	for	what	matters	to	them.”
“Not	interested,”	I	said.	“I’ve	seen	what’s	out	there.	No,	thanks.”
“If	only	Nina	were	single,	huh,”	she	said	breezily,	almost	under	her	breath.
“What’s	that	supposed	to	mean?”	I	said,	though	I	knew	exactly	what	it	meant.
“I	think	you	like	her.”
“I	do	like	her,”	I	said,	playing	it	cool.
“Like	her,	like	her.”
I	rolled	my	eyes,	trying	to	remember	exactly	what	I’d	just	said	about	Nina.	That
she	was	attractive?	That	she	was	much	nicer	than	her	husband?	That	she’d	been
kind	to	Lyla?	Certainly	none	of	that	indicated	I	had	feelings	for	her.
“Don’t	be	an	ass,”	I	said,	feeling	a	little	guilty	about	calling	an	older	lady	an	ass.
But	I	knew	Bonnie	could	handle	it,	maybe	even	liked	it.
“You’re	denying	it?”	she	said.
“Hell,	yeah,	I’m	denying	it….For	one,	she’s	married.”
“So?”	Bonnie	said.	“When	has	that	ever	stopped	anyone?”
“Cynic,”	I	said,	thinking	that	I	had	never	touched	a	married	woman.
“Well?”
“Well…for	another,	she’s	the	mother	of	this	jerk	kid.”
“The	same	jerk	kid	who	you	gave	permission	to	ask	your	daughter	out?”
“I	told	you.	I	want	Lyla	to	come	to	her	own	conclusions….And	maybe,	if	she	and
Finch	become	friends,	she	could	spend	a	little	time	with	Nina.	That	would	be	good
for	her,	no?”

Bonnie	nodded,	a	hint	of	a	smirk	on	her	face.
“What?”	I	said.
“Nothing.”
“Tell	me.”
“You	don’t	feel	anything	for	this	woman?	Not	even	a	teensy-tiny	crush?”
“That’s	the	wrong	word	for	it	entirely.”
“What’s	 the	 right	 word?”	 she	 said.	 “What’s	 that	 look	 you	 keep	 getting	 on	 your
face	when	you	talk	about	her?	Intrigue?”
“That’s	too	strong,	too….At	most?…Maybe	I’m	a	little	curious.”
“About?”
I	 shrugged.	 “I	 don’t	 know.	 I	 just	 kind	 of	 want	 to	 know	 her	 deal…like	 how	 she
ended	up	with	that	douchebag	of	a	husband.”
Bonnie	 rubbed	 her	 fingers	 together	 in	 the	 universal	 sign	 of	 money	 and	 raised
one	eyebrow.
“Yeah.	 Maybe,”	 I	 said.	 “But	 I	 get	 the	 feeling	 it’s	 not	 that	 simple….She	 just
doesn’t	strike	me	as	a	gold	digger….Something	else	is	going	on	there.	It’s	almost	as
if	she’s…I	don’t	know…”
“Do	you	think	there	is	abuse?”	Bonnie	said.
“No.	Nothing	that	sinister.	That’s	not	my	read,	anyway…but	something	doesn’t
add	up,”	I	said.	“She’s	clearly	not	in	sync	with	the	guy….Like,	I	don’t	think	she’s
told	him	we’ve	met.	At	all.	She	seems	trapped.	At	the	very	least,	unhappy.	Really
unhappy.”
Bonnie	 nodded,	 then	 said,	 “What	 if	 she	 ends	 up	 having	 a	 romantic	 interest	 in
you?”
“Not	 possible,”	 I	 said	 as	 quickly	 and	 adamantly	 as	 I	 could,	 even	 while	 I
wondered	what	it	might	be	like	to	kiss	Nina.
—
WHEN	 I	 GOT	 home	a	few	hours	later,	I	noticed	that	Lyla	had	changed	clothes	and
was	now	wearing	a	sundress	that	I	hadn’t	seen	before.
“That’s	pretty,”	I	said,	pointing	at	it.	“Are	you	going	out?”
“Yeah,”	she	said.	“I’m	going	to	the	Luke	Bryan	concert.	If	that’s	okay?”
“With	who?”	I	said.
“Grace,”	she	said.
“Where’s	the	show?”

“Twelfth	and	Porter.”
I	nodded.	“How	are	you	getting	there?”
“Grace	is	picking	me	up.	We’re	getting	ready	at	her	house.”
“Why	not	get	ready	here?”
“She	has	a	bigger	bathroom.”
“Okay.	But	remember.	Your	curfew	is	eleven.”
“I	know,	Dad,”	she	said	with	a	loud	sigh.
I	 looked	 at	 her	 a	 long	 beat,	 then	 said,	 “All	 right,	 Lyla.	 Have	 fun….Just	 please
don’t	let	me	down.”
—
LATER	THAT	NIGHT,	after	Lyla	was	picked	up	by	Grace,	and	I	did	a	few	things	around
the	 house,	 I	 decided	 I’d	 drive	 a	 little	 to	 distract	 myself	 from	 my	 feeling	 of	 doom
and	gloom.	So	I	did	about	four	uneventful	trips,	including	a	back-and-forth	from
the	airport,	all	with	solo	passengers	and	no	conversation,	exactly	how	I	like	it.
A	little	before	ten,	I	got	pinged	for	a	pickup	at	404	Kitchen,	a	nice	restaurant	in
the	Gulch.	The	drop-off	was	for	No.	308,	a	bar	on	Gallatin	Avenue.	I	knew	from
experience	 with	 those	 locations	 that	 I	 was	 probably	 getting	 one	 of	 two	 rides—
either	a	couple	on	a	date	or	a	girls’	night	out.	If	the	latter,	they’d	likely	be	single
women	 or	 divorcées	 (married	 women	 typically	 got	 together	 on	 weekdays,	 not
weekends).	Either	way,	they’d	be	drunk,	or	well	on	their	way,	which	I	guess	was
the	whole	point	of	Uber.
Sure	 enough,	 when	 I	 pulled	 up	 to	 the	 restaurant,	 I	 saw	 a	 pair	 of	 middle-aged
women	who	looked	like	they	were	having	a	big	time.	As	they	both	slid	ungracefully
into	 my	 car,	 their	 intoxication	 was	 confirmed	 by	 all	 the	 usual	 hallmarks—most
notably,	 loud,	 shallow,	 repetitive	 commentary.	 I	 quickly	 gathered	 that	 the	 alpha,
bitchier	 of	 the	 two	 was	 married;	 the	 other,	 who	 happened	 to	 be	 prettier	 but
perhaps	a	bit	dimmer,	was	either	single	or	divorced.	To	be	clear,	I	gathered	all	that
not	because	I	was	interested	in	anything	they	had	to	say	but	simply	because	it	was
impossible	 to	 tune	 them	 out.	 At	 the	 moment,	 they	 were	 focusing	 on	 some	 guy
they’d	just	run	into	outside	the	restaurant.
“You	know	who	that	was,	right?”	Married	said.
“No.	Who?”
“The	 CEO	 of	 Hedberg.	 He’s	 worth	 a	 bloody	 fortune.	 And	 his	 wife	 just	 passed
away.	Cancer,”	she	said	as	if	announcing	tomorrow’s	weather	forecast.
Single	sighed	and	said,	“That’s	soo	sad.”
“Yes.	Which	means	he’s	going	to	need	lots	of	comfort.”	Married	let	out	a	snort.
“Jackie!	 That’s	 awful,”	 Single	 said,	 but	 she	 did	 not	 sound	 appalled,	 as	 the	 two

turned	their	attention	to	their	phones,	namely	the	selfies	they’d	just	taken	outside
the	restaurant.
Here	 we	 go,	 I	 thought.	 The	 debate	 about	 which	 photos	 to	 delete	 and	 which	 to
post.
Sure	enough,	a	very	familiar	and	painful	script	ensued:
Delete!
Why	don’t	you	like	that	one?	It’s	adorable	of	you!
No,	my	arms	look	so	fat!	Delete	it	now!
I	can	crop	that.
Only	if	you	crop	my	pale	face,	too.
I	have	the	best	app	for	that!
And	on	and	on,	until	Married	concluded,	and	the	apparently	more	photogenic
Single	 reluctantly	 agreed,	 that	 none	 were	 “post-worthy.”	 At	 which	 point	 they
promptly	 began	 a	 hair	 and	 makeup	 session	 followed	 by	 another	 photo	 shoot
complete	 with	 a	 discussion	 about	 their	 respective	 “good	 sides.”	 A	 second	 later,	 I
was	blinded	by	a	flash.
“Whoa,”	I	said	under	my	breath.
“Aw,	I’m	sorry,”	Single	said,	reaching	up	to	tap	my	shoulder.	“Are	we	bothering
your	driving?”
“I’m	fine,”	I	said,	aware	that	these	kinds	of	women	were	the	most	likely	to	slap
you	with	a	one-star	rating.
“He’s	 probably	 enjoying	 the	 show,”	 Married	 said,	 as	 if	 I	 couldn’t	 hear	 her.
Against	 my	 better	 judgment,	 I	 glanced	 in	 the	 rearview	 mirror	 in	 time	 to	 see	 her
cleavage	bulging	out	of	her	bra,	as	excessive	as	the	perfume	one	or	both	of	them
had	doused	themselves	with.
“Sir,	do	you	often	have	hot	women	taking	selfies	in	the	back	of	your	car?”	Single
asked	proudly.
Here	we	go,	I	thought	again,	preparing	myself	for	full-on	engagement.	Because
typically,	 it	 was	 all	 or	 nothing.	 They	 either	 ignored	 me	 completely	 or	 wanted	 to
delve	into	a	deep	conversation	about	my	life,	which	was	really	just	a	way	to	segue
back	to	theirs.
“Not	as	often	as	I’d	like,”	I	said,	on	autopilot.
The	two	laughed,	and	Married	reached	up	and	put	her	hand	on	my	arm.	“Wait.	I
didn’t	catch	your	name?”
“Tom,”	I	said.
She	 repeated	 my	 name,	 turning	 it	 into	 a	 singsongy	 two	 syllables,	 then	 said,

“You’re	very	strong.	Do	you	get	those	muscles	from	driving	Uber?”
“Jackie,”	Single	said	under	her	breath.	“Obviously	he	works	out….Right,	Tom?”
“Not	really,”	I	said	as	Married	commenced	massaging	my	shoulder	and	neck.
“Jackie,”	Single	said.	“Let	him	drive.”
“But	he’s	so	cute.	You	should	be	talking	to	him….Tom?	Are	you	single?”
I	said	yes,	aware	that	I	was	now	moving	into	Uber	pawn	territory.
“Divorced	or	never	married?	What’s	your	story?	Do	you	have	a	story?”	Married
pressed.
“Everyone	has	a	story,”	Single	said.	“Right,	Tom?”
“Nope,”	I	said.	“No	story	here.”
“Oh	my	God!”	Single	gasped.	For	a	second,	I	thought	maybe	she	somehow	knew
who	 I	 was.	 Perhaps	 I’d	 worked	 on	 her	 house	 or	 made	 her	 some	 custom	 piece	 of
furniture.	But	then	I	saw	in	the	rearview	mirror	that	she	was	staring	down	at	her
phone.	“Speaking	of	married,	guess	who	just	texted	me?”
“Who?”
“Kirk	Browning.	Be	still,	my	heart.”
I	 gripped	 my	 steering	 wheel	 more	 tightly.	 I	 had	 overheard	 plenty	 of
incriminating	conversations	from	the	backseat	of	my	car	and	in	some	cases,	had
had	 things	 directly	 confessed	 to	 me.	 But	 nothing	 like	 this.	 Nothing	 that	 felt
pertinent	to	me.	I	told	myself	it	wasn’t.	Not	really.
“Ugh.	Is	that	still	going	on?”	Married	asked.
“Nothing’s	going	on.	We’re	friends,”	Single	said.	“He	just	wants	to	talk.”
“Yeah,	right,”	Married	said.
“He’s	going	through	a	lot	right	now,”	Single	said.	“All	this	stuff	with	Finch	and
the	Mexican	girl….Have	you	heard?”
I	bit	my	lip	so	hard	I	could	taste	blood.	Now	it	was	pertinent	to	me.
“Of	course	I	heard.	Saw	the	photo,	too.	I	feel	so	sorry	for	Kirk.”
“Why?”	 Single	 said,	 and	 for	 one	 second,	 I	 thought	 she	 was	 going	 to	 redeem
herself	 with	 a	 bold	 defense	 of	 Lyla.	 Instead,	 she	 said,	 “Because	 his	 son’s	 in
trouble?	Or	because	he’s	married	to	such	a	bitch?”
A	jolt	of	hate	passed	through	my	body	as	Married	laughed	and	said,	“She	really
is.	And	so	full	of	herself.	It’s	like—hey,	honey,	it’s	not	your	money.”
“No	shit.	I	heard	she	grew	up	in	a	trailer	park.”
“Really?”	Married	asked.
“Yeah.	Pretty	sure.”

“But	isn’t	she	Jewish?”
“She	is?”	 Single	 gasped.	 “Well,	 that’s	 a	 combo	 you	 don’t	 see	 every	 day.	 Trailer
park	Jew.”
They	laughed	together.	Then	Single	said,	“So	what	do	you	think	will	happen?”
“With	Nina?	Or	Finch?	Because	I	bet	they	both	get	axed….I	hear	the	headmaster
over	there’s	a	huge	liberal.”
As	 I	 white-knuckled	 the	 steering	 wheel,	 I	 felt	 another	 tap	 on	 my	 shoulder.
“Aren’t	 you	 glad	 you	 don’t	 have	 to	 deal	 with	 this	 Belle	 Meade	 drama?”	 Single
asked.
I	unclenched	my	jaw	and	said,	“Oh.	You’d	be	surprised….”
“Oh,	dear.	Were	you	listening	to	us?”	she	said,	so	full	of	herself.
I	told	myself	to	play	dumb,	but	I	just	couldn’t.
“Yes,”	I	said,	then	continued	in	a	loud,	clear	voice.	“And	for	what	it’s	worth?	I
agree.	I	don’t	think	Finch	will	get	away	with	what	he	did	to	that	girl.	Who,	by	the
way,	isn’t	Mexican.	Although	that’s	kinda	beside	the	point.”
Silence	filled	the	backseat.
“So	you	know	the	girl?”	Married	finally	asked,	suddenly	sounding	sober.
“Yeah,”	 I	 said,	 pausing	 for	 a	 satisfying	 beat	 just	 as	 I	 pulled	 up	 to	 their
destination,	put	my	car	in	park,	and	stared	at	them	over	my	shoulder.	“She’s	my
daughter.	So	yeah,	I	know	her	pretty	damn	well.”
—
THE	 SECOND	 THEY	 were	out	of	my	car,	I	called	Nina,	ready	to	give	her	my	enraged
report.	But	in	the	few	seconds	it	took	for	her	to	answer	the	phone,	I	calmed	down
just	enough	to	change	my	mind.	As	pissed	off	as	I	was	at	what	I’d	just	heard	(for
both	 Lyla’s	 sake	 and	 Nina’s),	 getting	 involved	 in	 someone	 else’s	 marriage	 was
never	a	good	idea.	Things	were	already	hard	enough.
“Hello?”	she	said.	“Tom?”
“Yes.	Hi,”	I	said,	wondering	how	it	was	possible	to	feel	both	rattled	and	relieved
to	hear	someone’s	voice.
“Is	everything	okay?”	she	asked	me.
“Yeah,”	 I	 said.	 “Everything’s	 fine.	 I	 just	 wanted	 to	 say	 thanks	 for	 today…for
coming	over…with	Finch,”	I	said.	Because	I	had	to	come	up	with	something.	But	I
also	meant	it.
“Of	course,”	she	said.	“Thank	you.	It	was	really	amazing	of	you	to	give	him	that
chance….”
“You’re	welcome.	Listen.	I	didn’t	realize	it	was	so	late….I’m	sorry	about	that.	I

hope	I	didn’t	wake	you?	Or	your	husband?”	I	said,	tensing	up	just	thinking	about
that	guy	and	so	wishing	I	could	meet	him	in	a	dark	alley.
“No.	 It’s	 fine.	 You	 didn’t.	 Kirk’s	 actually	 out	 of	 town….He	 travels	 a	 lot….And	 I
was	just	sitting	here…reading	a	little…”
“That	 sounds	 nice,”	 I	 said,	 and	 although	 a	 quiet	 Saturday	 night	 reading	 did
sound	nice	in	theory,	she	sounded	more	lonely	than	anything	else.
“What	about	you?”	she	asked.	“What	did	you	do	tonight?”
“Oh,	I	just	worked	some.”
“On	someone’s	house?	Or	were	you	making	furniture?”
“Neither.	I	drive	for	Uber	on	the	side.	Easy	money.	Flexible	gig.	And	I’ve	always
liked	 driving.	 It	 relaxes	 me,”	 I	 said.	 Although	 they	 were	 all	 true	 statements,	 I
didn’t	like	the	insecure	feeling	I	had	in	my	chest	as	I	said	them.
“I	know	what	you	mean,”	she	said.	“I	like	driving,	too,	sometimes.”
My	 heart	 started	 to	 race,	 as	 I	 carefully	 crafted	 my	 next	 statement.	 “Yeah.	 So
funny	thing…I	actually	drove	a	couple	of	women	I	think	you	might	know.”
“Oh,	really?	Who?”
“One	was	named	Jackie.”
“Jackie	Allen?”
“Yeah.	 I	 think	 that	 was	 it,”	 I	 said,	 trying	 to	 remember	 her	 last	 name	 from	 the
ride	request.	“Tall	blonde.	Big	hair.	Big…breasts.”
“Yep.	That’s	her,”	she	said	with	a	laugh.
“But	 the	 other	 woman…I	 didn’t	 catch	 her	 name.	 Generic	 looking.	 Strong
Southern	accent.	Oh.	And	she	might	be	divorced?”
Nina	 sighed.	 “Unfortunately,	 that	 doesn’t	 narrow	 it	 down	 very	 much	 these
days.”
“Yeah.	I	guess	not.”
“So	wait…how	did	you	put	together	that	I	know	Jackie?”
“Well,	that’s	actually	a	funny	story…not	ha-ha	funny…shitty	funny,”	I	babbled.
She	said	nothing,	waiting.
“Well.	Finch	and	Lyla	came	up…the	incident…”
“Oh,	no,”	she	said.
“Yeah.”
“What	did	they	say?”	she	asked.
“You	 probably	 don’t	 want	 to	 know,”	 I	 said,	 wondering	 if	 she	 would	 press	 me,

sort	of	hoping	she	would.
“People	are	so	gossipy,”	she	said	with	a	sigh.
“Yeah,”	I	said,	trying	to	think	of	something	else	to	say—or	at	least	a	way	to	get
gracefully	off	the	phone.
But	then	she	said	my	name	as	a	question,	all	whispery.
I	caught	my	breath.	“Yes,	Nina?”
She	hesitated,	then	said,	“Nothing…I’m	just	glad	you	called	tonight.”
“You	are?”	I	said.
“Yes.	Very.	Thank	you.”
“You’re	welcome,”	I	said.
Then,	with	a	huge	knot	in	my	chest,	I	made	myself	tell	her	goodbye.

“W

ow.	That	was	ah-ma-zing!”	I	said	over	the	ringing	in	my	ears	as	the	four
of	 us	 left	 the	 show	 and	 walked	 the	 few	 blocks	 toward	 Finch’s	 car.	 I’d
been	 to	 concerts	 before,	 sitting	 in	 seats	 my	 dad	 referred	 to	 as	 the	 “nosebleeds”
while	I	watched	all	of	the	action	on	the	jumbotron—and	even	that	had	thrilled	me.
But	 the	 experience	 tonight	 had	 been	 totally	 different.	 For	 one,	 there	 were	 only
about	three	hundred	people	in	the	entire	audience.	For	another,	we	were	so	close
to	Luke	that	I	could	see	individual	hairs	in	his	beard	and	the	stitching	on	his	jeans
and	the	sweat	on	his	cheeks.	It	was,	without	a	doubt,	the	best	night	of	my	life	so
far,	and	that	had	as	much	to	do	with	Finch	as	with	Luke	Bryan.	No	star	could	have
melted	me	as	much	as	Finch	did	when	he	put	his	arm	around	me	during	“To	the
Moon	and	Back.”	It	wasn’t	done	in	a	coupley	way,	more	like	a	friend	hug,	the	same
way	 I	 occasionally	 had	 slung	 my	 arm	 around	 Grace’s	 shoulders.	 But	 still,	 the
contact	and	closeness	killed	me.	“Totally	amazing,”	I	said	again,	almost	in	a	state
of	disbelief.
“Yeah.	It	was	a	cool	vibe,”	Finch	said,	his	voice	all	chill	and	mellow.
“So	 cool,”	 Grace	 said,	 her	 ponytail	 swishing	 back	 and	 forth	 as	 she	 and	 Beau
walked	in	front	of	us.	“And	he’s	so	hot.”
“Why,	thank	you!”	Beau	said.
She	laughed	and	gave	him	a	little	shove.	“Not	you,	dummy,”	she	said.	“Luke.”
“Hey	now,”	Beau	said,	putting	his	hands	over	his	heart.	“Dummy?	Aren’t	we	on
a	date	here?”
“No,	we	aren’t	on	a	date,”	Grace	said,	continuing	their	flirty	banter,	which	had
been	going	since	about	midway	through	the	show.	“You	didn’t	even	invite	me.	Lyla
did.”
Technically,	 she	 was	 correct.	 When	 Finch	 had	 called	 about	 the	 tickets	 that
afternoon,	he’d	said	there	were	four,	and	that	I	was	free	to	bring	a	friend.	I’d	made
the	 mistake	 of	 telling	 Grace	 this	 part	 of	 the	 conversation,	 to	 which	 she’d	 replied
that	 the	 whole	 thing	 seemed	 kind	 of	 sketchy.	 “Like,	 why	 wouldn’t	 Beau	 want	 to
pick	his	own	date?”	she	had	asked.
“I	don’t	know,”	I’d	floundered.	“Maybe	he	likes	you.”
“Highly	doubtful,”	Grace	had	said,	but	I	could	tell	she	didn’t	hate	the	idea.	“And

why	isn’t	Finch	taking	Polly?”
“They	broke	up.”
“When?”	 she’d	 asked,	 sounding	 suspicious.	 “Why	 haven’t	 I	 heard	 anything
about	that?”
“Like	a	day	ago,”	I’d	said,	making	a	split-second	decision	not	to	tell	her	the	full
story.	I	didn’t	want	to	lie	to	Grace,	but	I	also	wanted	to	keep	my	promise	to	Finch.
At	 least	 for	 now.	 I	 told	 myself	 I	 could	 always	 tell	 her	 everything	 after	 the	 show.
Depending	 on	 how	 things	 went.	 “I	 think	 maybe	 he’s	 just	 trying	 to	 be	 nice.	 To,
like…make	up	for	things,”	I	said,	the	words	coming	out	awkwardly.
“Okay.	I	guess	I’ll	go	with	you,”	she’d	said,	some	part	of	her	probably	intrigued
by	the	idea	of	going	out	with	the	two	most	popular	senior	boys.	“But	don’t	get	your
hopes	up.”
“Oh,	 God,	 no.	 It’s	 not	 like	 that….”	 I’d	 said,	 even	 though	 I	 hoped	 beyond	 hope
that	it	was	exactly	like	that.
“So	what’re	you	tryin’	to	say?”	Beau	said	to	Grace	now.	“I’m	not	gonna	get	it	in?”
It	 wasn’t	 the	 first	 outrageous	 thing	 he’d	 said	 tonight,	 but	 it	 was	 definitely	 the
most.	Grace	groaned,	then	laughed	and	hip-checked	him,	a	tough	feat	given	that
she	came	up	to	only	his	rib	cage.	“Not	with	me,	you’re	not.”
“Whoa!	 You’re	 pretty	 strong	 for	 an	 imp,”	 Beau	 said,	 pretending	 to	 trip	 on	 the
curb.
“What	 the	 fuck’s	 an	 imp?”	 Finch	 said,	 as	 he	 walked	 along	 beside	 me	 while
reading	something	on	his	phone.
“It’s,	like,	a	little	woodland	creature.	Like	a	gnome	or	some	shit.”	Beau	laughed,
then	nudged	Grace	and	said,	“What	do	you	weigh,	anyway?	A	buck	o’	five	soaking
wet?”
“I	 have	 no	 idea.	 I	 don’t	 go	 around	 weighing	 myself	 with	 no	clothes	on,”	 Grace
said,	her	voice	turning	all	high	and	coy,	like	she	wanted	him	to	picture	her	naked.
As	we	neared	Finch’s	car,	parked	in	a	surface	lot	a	few	blocks	up	on	Grundy	next
to	the	World	Gym,	he	said,	“Lyla	calls	shotgun.”
“Good	deal,”	Beau	said	as	he	opened	the	door	for	Grace,	and	Finch	did	the	same
for	me.	“I	get	to	sit	with	my	date.”
“I’m	not	your	date.”	Grace	giggled,	climbing	into	the	car.
“We’ll	 see	 about	 that,”	 Beau	 said,	 getting	 in	 beside	 her,	 then	 sliding	 into	 the
middle	seat.
“Move	over,”	she	said,	laughing	and	pushing	him	away.
“I’m	good	here,	thanks,”	he	said,	putting	his	arm	around	her.
She	 shoved	 him	 again,	 unsuccessfully.	 As	 Beau	 and	 Grace	 continued	 their

antics,	 Finch	 walked	 around	 to	 get	 in	 the	 car,	 then	 slowly	 fastened	 his	 seatbelt,
started	 the	 engine,	 and	 put	 the	 car	 in	 reverse.	 His	 foot	 on	 the	 brake,	 he	 glanced
over	at	me,	then	looked	into	the	rearview	mirror.	“So	what	next?”	he	said	to	all	of
us.	“Y’all	wanna	grab	a	bite?	The	Flipside	or	Double	Dogs?”
“Oh	my	God,	yass.	The	Flipside,”	Grace	said,	as	I	saw	out	of	the	corner	of	my
eye	that	she	and	Beau	were	now	getting	handsy.
“Lyla?”	Finch	said.
I	hesitated,	checking	my	phone.	It	was	ten	after	ten.	“Yeah.	I	guess	we	could,”	I
said,	 waffling,	 trying	 to	 do	 the	 calculation	 of	 time	 and	 distance,	 both	 of	 which	 I
pretty	 consistently	 misjudged.	 “I	 just	 need	 to	 be	 back	 by	 eleven.”	 I’d	 referenced
having	a	“lame	curfew”	a	couple	times	already,	but	it	was	the	first	time	I’d	come
out	and	announced	exactly	what	it	was.
“E-lev-en?”	Beau	yelled,	fumbling	around	behind	my	seat	for	a	black	backpack
I’d	noticed	on	the	way	over.
“Yeah.	I	know.	It	sucks,”	I	mumbled,	thinking	that	it	didn’t	help	matters	that	I
lived	 on	 the	 other	 side	 of	 town	 from	 everyone	 else.	 “Lemme	 ask	 my	 dad	 if	 I	 can
just	be	back	to	Grace’s	by	eleven.”
“Or	you	can	sleep	over?”	Grace	said.
I	shook	my	head,	feeling	sure	he’d	say	no	to	a	sleepover,	especially	given	the	last
time	I’d	been	at	her	house.	So	I	composed	a	text	making	a	smaller	request:	 Concert
just	got	out.	Starving,	can	we	go	get	something	to	eat	real	fast?	Can	be	to	Grace’s	by	11,	then	home	a	little
after??	I	threw	in	a	few	praying	emojis	for	good	measure,	then	watched	his	ellipses

start	 to	 scroll.	 Slooooww	 typing	 was	 my	 dad’s	 trademark,	 and	 it	 didn’t	 seem	 to
matter	how	short	his	replies	were—they	always	took	forever.
Sure	enough,	his	delayed	response	was	still	brief	and	to	the	point.	 No.	Be	HOME	by
11.	Dad.

“Ugh,”	 I	 said,	 reading	 it	 aloud	 in	 the	 voice	 I	 often	 used	 to	 imitate	 my	 father—
part	nerd,	part	drill	sergeant.
Finch	laughed.	“He	signs	his	texts	‘Dad’?”
“Yeah,”	I	said	with	a	chuckle.
“That’s	hilarious.	Okay…I’ll	take	you	back	to	Grace’s,”	Finch	said,	pulling	up	his
Luke	Bryan	songs	on	his	phone.
As	we	turned	out	of	the	parking	lot	and	onto	Grundy	Street,	I	felt	myself	start	to
relax,	my	concert	high	returning.	Clearly	Finch	wasn’t	judging	my	curfew	or	really
worried	 about	 anything,	 including	 Beau,	 who	 was	 now	 clicking	 his	 JUUL,	 the
same	orange	one	I’d	seen	him	use	at	his	party.	A	few	seconds	later,	the	car	filled
with	a	cloud	of	vapor	as	Finch	unrolled	the	two	back	windows	about	halfway.	Over
my	shoulder,	I	watched	Grace	take	a	hit,	murmuring	that	it	tasted	good.
“You	think	that’s	good…you	should	taste	something	else,”	Beau	said.

“Eww!	Gross!”	Grace	laughed	as	she	passed	the	vape	back	to	him.
“Anyone	up	there?”	Beau	said,	reaching	into	the	front	seat,	offering	it	to	us.
I	glanced	at	it,	tempted.	But	I	played	it	safe	and	shook	my	head.	“No,	thanks,”	I
said	casually.	“Not	tonight.”
“Bro?”	Beau	said,	now	angling	it	toward	Finch.
“I’m	 good,”	 Finch	 said,	 looking	 distracted	 as	 he	 read	 something	 on	 his	 phone.
“Can’t	you	see	I’m	driving	precious	cargo	here?”	He	gave	me	a	little	smile	but	then
turned	back	to	his	phone,	texting	with	one	hand.
As	I	glanced	out	the	window,	Grace	suddenly	piped	up	from	the	backseat.	“Well,
if	she’s	precious	cargo,	then	you	should	probably	stop	texting	and	driving.”
Her	voice	sounded	harsh,	and	it	made	me	glance	over	at	Finch.	Looking	busted,
he	immediately	dropped	his	phone	to	the	seat,	then	tucked	it	under	his	left	thigh.
A	weird	vibe	settled	over	the	car	before	I	cleared	my	throat	and	said,	“She	was	just
kidding.”
“No.	I’m	not,”	Grace	said.	I	glanced	into	the	backseat	and	gave	her	a	panicked
look,	 but	 she	 continued,	 all	 preachy	 and	 pissy.	 “Texting	 and	 driving	 kills	 more
people	than	drunk	driving.”
“God.	 Grace.	 Chill,”	 I	 said	 under	 my	 breath	 as	 I	 looked	 at	 Finch	 to	 gauge	 his
reaction.
“Nah.	 She’s	 right,”	 he	 said,	 giving	 me	 a	 little	 wink	 and	 one	 of	 his	 awesome
smiles.	“Bad	habit.	I’m	really	sorry,	girls.”
—
“PRECIOUS	CARGO?”	GRACE	said	about	fifteen	minutes	later,	after	we’d	been	dropped

off	at	her	house	and	were	alone	in	her	driveway.	She	opened	her	mouth	and	made
a	gagging	sound.
I	knew	she	was	quoting	Finch,	but	I	had	no	clue	what	her	point	was,	and	why
she’d	 gone	 from	 carefree	 party	 girl	 to	 complete	 buzzkill	 in	 a	 span	 of	 three	 miles
and	ten	minutes,	totally	ending	the	night	on	a	bad	note.
“What’s	 with	 the	 one-eighty?”	 I	 said.	 As	 we	 walked	 toward	 her	 car,	 I	 typed	 a
quick	text	to	Finch,	thanking	him	again	for	the	tickets.
“Well.	Let’s	just	say	I’m	good	at	reading	texts	over	people’s	shoulders.”
“What’s	 that	 supposed	 to	 mean?”	 I	 said,	 stopping	 to	 stare	 her	 down.	 “I’m	 not
trying	to	hide	anything.”	I	held	up	my	phone,	showing	her	what	I’d	just	written.	“I
just	thanked	him	for	the	tickets.	Since	you	kinda	forgot	to.”
“I’m	not	talking	about	your	phone.	I’m	talking	about	Finch’s.	I	saw	him	texting
Polly,”	she	said.	“In	the	car.	He	was	holding	the	screen	away	from	you,	but	I	could
see	it	all.”

My	heart	sank	as	I	asked	her	what,	exactly,	she	saw.
“Well.	I	saw	Polly’s	name.	I	saw	an	‘ILY.’	I	saw	a	kissy	emoji.	And	I	saw	the	word
lame.”
“Lame?”	I	said.
“Yeah.	Lame.”
“What	 was	 he	 calling	 lame?”	 I	 couldn’t	 resist	 asking,	 just	 as	 it	 occurred	 to	 me
that	it	might	be	a	who,	not	a	what.
“I	don’t	know.	Does	it	matter?	You	fill	in	the	blank.	Lame	concert.	Lame	date.
Lame	night.	Lame	effort	to	pretend	to	break	up	with	someone	and	like	someone
else	so	that	she’ll	get	you	off	the	hook	next	week.”
“Okay.	First	of	all,”	I	said.	“He	could	have	been	calling	a	lot	of	things	‘lame’	that
had	nothing	to	do	with	us….Second	of	all,	they	did	break	up.”
“Doubtful,”	 Grace	 said,	 adjusting	 the	 strap	 of	 her	 Miu	 Miu	 cross-body	 bag.
“Highly	doubtful.”
“Oh	my	God,	Grace.	Because	he	texted	her?	What	do	you	want	him	to	do?	Block
her?”	 I	 said.	 I’d	 never	 been	 in	 a	 serious	 relationship,	 but	 I	 saw	 how	 breakups
worked.	 In	 most	 cases,	 it	 seemed	 that	 couples	 didn’t	 just	 go	 cold	 turkey.	 They
often	kept	talking	or	fighting	or	begging	or	getting	temporarily	back	together	only
to	re–break	up,	in	some	combination.
“I	didn’t	say	he	had	to	block	her.	But	typically	after	you	break	up,	you	don’t	tell
that	person	that	you	love	them.	And	you	don’t	throw	shade	at	the	girl	you	asked
out	on	a	date.	I	mean,	shit,	Lyla.	He	used	the	word	lame.”
“Well.	Maybe	he	feels	sorry	for	her….Maybe	he’s	worried	about	her….Maybe	he
still	loves	her	on	some	level….”
“Yeah.	And	maybe	he	and	Beau	just	set	your	ass	up.	With	Luke	Bryan	tickets.”
“God,	Grace.	It	was	a	fun	night.	A	really	fun	night.”
“Yeah.	And	I	bet	Finch	is	still	having	fun.	I	bet	he’s	on	his	way	to	see	her	right
now.	 I	 bet	 she	 doesn’t	 even	 know	 he	 went	 out	 with	 you	 tonight.	 Or	 maybe	 she
does,	actually.	Maybe	she’s	in	on	the	whole	plan.”
“Okay,	 look,”	 I	 said,	 glancing	 down	 at	 my	 phone.	 “It’s	 ten-forty.	 I	 gotta	 get
home.	Are	you	okay	to	drive?”
“Yeah.	I	took,	like,	one	hit,”	she	said.	“I’m	totally	fine.”
“I	didn’t	mean	that.	I	mean…your	foul	mood.	Why	are	you	so	pissed	at	me?”
“I’m	not	pissed	at	you.	I’m	pissed	at	them,”	she	said,	our	shoulders	now	squared
toward	 each	 other	 as	 we	 stood	 behind	 the	 new	 white	 Jeep	 her	 parents	 had	 just
given	her	for	no	reason	at	all.
“Them?	So	now	you’re	mad	at	Beau,	too?	Because	you	seemed	pretty	into	him

all	night.”
“I’m	not	into	him,”	she	said,	making	no	moves	to	get	in	her	car.	“Besides.	That
was	before	I	saw	the	text	calling	us	‘lame.’ ”
“He	called	us	lame?	Or	you	just	saw	the	word	‘lame’?”	I	said.
She	didn’t	answer,	just	kept	staring	at	me.
“Look,	Grace.	This	curfew	thing	isn’t	just	a	loose	suggestion.	My	dad	means	it.
You	 want	 me	 to	 just	 call	 him	 to	 get	 me?	 He’s	 probably	 out	 driving	 anyway….”	 I
usually	avoided	mentioning	my	dad’s	side	job,	even	to	Grace.	But	at	that	moment,
I	really	didn’t	give	a	shit	about	appearances	of	any	kind.
“No.	I’ll	take	you,”	she	said,	finally	getting	in	her	car.
As	I	got	in	beside	her,	I	inhaled	the	new	car	smell	and	felt	a	wave	of	resentment.
Although	I	never	held	Grace’s	money	or	nice	things	against	her,	they	all	irritated
me	 now.	 Along	 with	 her	 shitty,	 cynical	 attitude.	 Maybe	 she,	 with	 her	 music
industry	 dad,	 could	 take	 a	 night	 like	 this	 for	 granted.	 There	 were	 plenty	 more
sweet	concerts	with	front-row	seats	in	her	future.	But	she	wasn’t	going	to	rain	on
my	Luke	Bryan	parade.	At	the	very	least,	I	wanted	tonight	to	be	a	good	memory.
We	 drove	 in	 silence	 for	 a	 few	 minutes,	 before	 she	 cleared	 her	 throat	 and	 said,
“I’m	sorry,	Lyla.	I	just	don’t	want	you	to	get	hurt.	More	hurt.”
“I	know,”	I	said.	“But	it	really	is	more	complicated	than	you	realize.”
“How?”	she	said,	shrugging	while	she	kept	her	hands	on	the	steering	wheel.
“It	just	is,”	I	said.
“How?”	she	said	again.
I	swallowed,	feeling	myself	cave	to	her	stronger	personality	and	my	need	for	her
approval.	Without	Grace,	I	really	had	nothing	at	Windsor—and	we	both	knew	it.
“If	I	tell	you	something,	do	you	promise	not	to	tell	anyone?”	I	asked,	knowing	that
it	never	worked	that	way,	and	maybe	hoping	that	it	wouldn’t.	That	she	might	tell
Mr.	Q	or	a	guidance	counselor	or	another	close	friend.	That	the	truth	might	come
out.
“Of	course,”	she	said.
“Okay.	So.	Here’s	the	thing.”	I	paused,	taking	a	few	deep	breaths.	“Finch	didn’t
take	that	photo	of	me.	And	he	didn’t	caption	it.	And	he	didn’t	send	it	to	anyone.”
She	looked	at	me,	her	eyebrows	raised,	then	returned	her	eyes	to	the	road.	“Who
did?”
“Polly,”	I	said.	“From	his	phone.”
I	expected	a	complete	transformation—or	at	least	a	softening—but	instead	she
slapped	the	steering	wheel	and	started	to	laugh.	“Oh	my	God!	He	told	you	that?”
“Yes.”

“And	you	actually	believe	him?”
“Yes.	 I	 do,	 actually,”	 I	 said,	 delving	 into	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 details.	 How	 he	 wasn’t
trying	 to	 get	 out	 of	 trouble;	 he	 just	 wanted	 me	 to	 know	 the	 truth.	 That	 he	 was
willing	 to	 take	 the	 blame	 for	 Polly	 because	 he	 was	 genuinely	 worried	 about	 her
stability.
“Wow,	 Lyla.	 I	 thought	 you,	 of	 all	 people,	 would	 have	 more	 street	 smarts	 than
this,”	she	said,	shaking	her	head.
“Why	would	I	have	street	smarts?”	I	said,	my	face	burning.	“Because	I	grew	up
on	the	wrong	side	of	the	river	with	a	single	dad	who	makes	furniture	and	drives
Uber?”
“What	the	heck	does	that	mean?”	Grace	snapped	back.
“Never	 mind,”	 I	 said	 because	 I	 knew	 I	 might	 be	 overreacting.	 Maybe	 I	 was
reading	 too	 much	 into	 the	 expression.	 Maybe	 Grace	 simply	 meant	 that	 I	 usually
had	good	instincts	about	people.	Maybe	it	had	nothing	to	do	with	any	of	that	other
stuff—and	those	were	just	my	paranoid,	insecure	issues.	“Can	we	just	drop	it?”
“Yeah.	Sure.	We	can	drop	it,”	Grace	said,	going	all	passive-aggressive	on	me	as
she	cruised	along	in	her	pretty	white	Jeep.	“No	problemo.”
—
BUT	SHE	DIDN’T	 drop	it.	Instead,	about	twenty	minutes	after	I	got	home,	when	I’d
already	been	doubting	myself,	and	doubting	Finch,	and	generally	feeling	like	shit,
Grace	 sent	 me	 three	 photographs	 of	 Finch’s	 car	 parked	 in	 the	 driveway	 of	 a	 big
brick	house,	along	with	a	text	that	said:	Look	who	went	straight	to	Polly’s.
My	heart	sank.	After	all,	it	was	one	thing	to	text	his	ex,	it	was	another	to	go	over
to	 her	 house	 the	 second	 he	 dropped	 us	 off.	 I	 still	 wasn’t	 convinced	 that	 Polly
hadn’t	taken	the	photo	of	me,	but	I	decided	that	it	really	didn’t	matter.	Either	way,
it	seemed	pretty	clear	that	they	were	working	as	a	team,	and	that	Grace	was	right.
The	 Luke	 Bryan	 tickets	 were	 a	 bribe	 of	 some	 sort.	 A	 last-ditch	 effort	 to	 win	 me
over.
I	scrolled	back	through	my	text	thread	with	Finch,	starting	around	one	o’clock,
when	he’d	first	asked	me	what	kind	of	music	I	liked.
A	 little	 bit	 of	 everything,	 I’d	 written	 back,	 trying	 so	 hard	 to	 be	 cool.	 I	 kept	 reading,

cringing	at	myself,	wishing	that,	at	the	very	least,	I’d	played	a	little	harder	to	get.
Finch:	Top	5	fave	artists?
Me:	That’s	too	hard!!!	So	many!
Finch:	K.	Just	5	ur	listening	to	lately?
Me:	Walker	Hayes,	Bruno	Mars,	Jana	Kramer,	Jason	Aldean,	and	Kirby	Rose	(new	artist,	but	love	her).
Finch:	Cool…So	mostly	country?
Me:	Yeah.
Finch:	What	about	Luke	Bryan?

Me:	Love	him.
Finch:	He’s	playing	tonight.	Wanna	try	to	go?
Me:	Seriously?
Finch:	Yeah.	Why	not?	Let	me	see	if	I	can	get	tix.
Me:	OMG.	That	would	be	amazing!	
Finch:	Got	four	tix.	Wanna	go	with	Beau	and	one	of	your	friends?
Me:	Yes!	I’ll	ask	Grace!
Me:	Grace	is	IN!
Finch:	Awesome.	Did	you	mention	Polly?
Me:	I	told	her	y’all	broke	up.
Finch:	But	the	rest	of	the	stuff?
Me:	No.
Finch:	Thx.	Don’t	want	the	drama.	Have	enough	already!

I	 scanned	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 thread,	 which	 was	 a	 discussion	 of	 logistics	 about	 the
concert,	followed	by	my	final	text,	which	I’d	sent	from	Grace’s	driveway,	thanking
him.	 He	 had	 yet	 to	 reply	 to	 that	 one,	 of	 course.	 Picturing	 him	 with	 Polly,	 maybe
hooking	up,	or	maybe	just	laughing	at	me,	I	told	myself	I	had	to	do	something.	At
the	 very	 least,	 I	 had	 to	 let	 him	 know	 that	 I	 wasn’t	 as	 stupid	 as	 he	 thought.	 My
mind	 raced	 with	 all	 the	 things	 I	 could	 say	 to	 call	 him	 out,	 but	 I	 played	 it	 a	 little
safe,	settling	on	a	snarky	Having	fun?
I	stared	at	my	screen,	waiting.	Seconds	turned	to	minutes.	Just	as	I	was	about	to
give	 up	 and	 take	 a	 shower,	 my	 phone	 rang.	 It	 was	 him.	 My	 hands	 shaking,	 I
answered	with	a	snippy	hello.
“Hi,”	he	said,	sounding	oblivious.
“Where	are	you?”	I	asked	as	I	sat	down	on	my	bedroom	floor.
“In	my	car,”	he	said.	“On	the	way	home.”
“On	the	way	home	from	where?”	I	said,	hugging	my	knees	with	my	left	arm	as
my	hair	formed	a	protective	curtain	around	me.
“I	just	dropped	Beau	off.	We	ended	up	going	to	The	Flipside,”	he	said,	lying	so
easily	I	got	a	chill.	“Why	do	you	ask?”
“Why?	You	tell	me	why,”	I	said.	“Why	are	you	lying	to	me?”
“Why	do	you	think	I’m	lying?”
“Because	you	are,”	I	said,	trying	to	channel	Grace.	Any	strong	girl.	Or	at	least
someone	 who	 didn’t	 care	 enough	 to	 get	 hurt	 like	 this.	 I	 thought	 of	 my	 mother—
how	nothing	really	fazed	her,	at	least	not	that	she’d	ever	shared	with	me.
“What	are	you	even	talking	about?”	Finch	said.
“I	know	where	you	were	tonight.	After	you	dropped	me	and	Grace	off.	I’m	not
stupid.”

I	braced	myself	for	more	lying—since	that’s	what	liars	do.	But	instead	he	folded
immediately.	“Okay,	Lyla.	You’re	right.	I’m	sorry.	I	wasn’t	with	Beau.	And	I	didn’t
go	to	The	Flipside.	I	was	with	Polly.”
“You’re	an	ass,”	I	said,	welling	up.	“A	total	ass.”
He	said	nothing,	though	I	could	tell	he	was	still	on	the	phone.	Seconds	passed
before	he	sighed	and	said,	“Okay.	Can	I	please	just	explain?”
“No,”	I	said,	telling	myself	to	hang	up	on	him	but	knowing	I	wouldn’t.	Instead,	I
just	sat	there,	waiting	and	listening,	a	sick	part	of	me	hoping,	once	again.
“Polly	knows	about	you,”	Finch	said.
“What	about	me?”	I	said.
“She	knows	I	went	to	the	concert	with	you.	She	knows	I	like	you.	And…”	Finch
said,	pausing	dramatically	as	the	hope	expanded	in	my	chest	so	quickly	that	I	felt
as	 if	 my	 heart	 would	 explode.	 “She	 knows	 I’m	 going	 to	 tell	 the	 truth	 about	 what
she	did	to	you.”

R

ight	after	Finch	left	for	the	concert,	I	poured	myself	a	glass	of	wine.	It	crossed
my	mind	that	I	was	doing	this	too	often	and	that	drinking	alone	was	a	sign	of
a	 “problem”—much	 like	 the	 one	 I	 sometimes	 accused	 Kirk	 of	 having.	 But	 I
rationalized	that	wine	was	simply	the	nighttime	version	of	coffee—more	of	a	ritual
than	anything	else—especially	if	you	had	only	a	glass	or	two.
At	 some	 point,	 I	 called	 Kirk,	 partly	 because	 I	 was	 feeling	 lonely.	 But	 also
because	I	was	feeling	guilty	for	keeping	secrets	from	my	husband.	No	matter	what
mistakes	he’d	made,	I	wanted	to	be	honest.	He	didn’t	pick	up,	though.	So	I	left	a
message,	telling	him	that	I	hoped	he	was	feeling	better.
A	 few	 minutes	 later,	 he	 called	 me	 back.	 Only	 he	 hadn’t—at	 least	 not
purposefully.	He’d	simply	made	an	inadvertent	pocket	dial.	I	called	out	his	name	a
few	 times,	 but	 when	 that	 didn’t	 work	 (it	 never	 does),	 I	 listened,	 more	 out	 of
boredom	than	any	real	curiosity	or	concern.	Even	after	I	heard	a	woman’s	voice,	I
told	myself	not	to	jump	to	paranoid	conclusions.	Yes,	he’d	said	he	had	a	migraine
and	 was	 going	 to	 bed.	 But	 that	 didn’t	 necessarily	 make	 this	 nefarious.	 Hell,	 she
could	 be	 a	 female	 concierge,	 helping	 him	 get	 his	 headache	 meds	 from	 a	 nearby
pharmacy.	My	service	industry	explanation	calmed	me	for	a	few	seconds,	but	then
their	 interaction	 continued,	 an	 easy,	 back-and-forth	 rhythm	 suggesting	 a	 certain
familiarity.	Mostly,	it	was	Kirk	talking	and	the	woman	laughing.	It	reminded	me
that	 my	 husband	 could	 be	 really	 funny	 and	 charming,	 and	 I	 felt	 a	 pang	 for	 a
dynamic	that	had	seemed	to	slip	away	as	gradually	as	Finch’s	open-bedroom-door
policy.	I	couldn’t	remember	the	last	time	Kirk	had	had	this	much	to	say	to	me,	let
alone	 the	 last	 time	 he’d	 actually	 made	 me	 laugh.	 I	 strained	 to	 make	 out	 their
words,	but	everything	was	too	muffled.	Even	the	volume	was	coming	in	and	out,	as
if	they	were	in	motion,	in	a	car	or	walking	somewhere.
Then,	suddenly,	their	voices	got	clearer	and	louder,	and	I	heard	the	woman	say
“Honey”	followed	by	my	husband’s	unmistakable	“Oh	shit.”	Then	he	hung	up	on
me.	I	sat	there,	stunned,	yet	still	struggling	to	give	him	the	benefit	of	the	doubt.
Maybe	I’d	misheard	her	honey.	Maybe	he’d	said	oh	shit	about	something	else.	He
could	have	made	a	wrong	turn.	Or	stepped	in	a	wad	of	gum.	Or	realized	he’d	left
his	credit	card	at	a	store	where	he’d	bought	me	a	sweet	token	of	a	gift.	It	could	be
anything,	 really.	 People	 said	 oh	shit	 all	 the	 time	 in	 the	 normal	 course	 of	 things.
And	 some	 people	 just	 used	 terms	 of	 affection	 like	 honey.	 It	 wasn’t	 as	 if	 I’d	 just

heard	him	having	sex	with	a	woman—or	professing	his	love	to	her.	It	wasn’t	as	if	I
had	irrefutable	visual	evidence.	Maybe	he	hadn’t	hung	up	on	me	at	all.	Maybe	he’d
just	lost	the	connection	at	that	instant.
This	 was	 an	 exercise	 I’d	 engaged	 in	 before,	 especially	 in	 recent	 years,	 one	 on
which	 I	 actually	 prided	 myself,	 believing	 that	 it	 said	 as	 much	 about	 my	 selfconfidence	 as	 about	 my	 faith	 in	 my	 husband.	 But	 I	 didn’t	 feel	 very	 proud	 or
confident	in	that	agonizing	moment,	as	I	sipped	my	wine,	waiting	for	my	husband
to	call	me	back.
When	 after	 several	 minutes	 my	 phone	 still	 didn’t	 ring,	 I	 told	 myself	 to	 be
proactive	 and	 try	 him	 again.	 It	 went	 to	 voicemail.	 I	 left	 a	 message,	 then	 texted
another.	And	another.
I	began	to	freak	out—at	least	my	version	of	freaking	out,	which	was	really	just
sitting	 very	 still,	 staring	 into	 space,	 and	 imagining	 Kirk	 kissing	 a	 younger,	 more
beautiful	 woman.	 I	 told	 myself	 that	 her	 age	 or	 beauty	 was	 irrelevant.	 Unfaithful
was	unfaithful.	Maybe	someone	my	age	or	older	who	had	real	substance	and	life
experience	and	significant	accomplishments	might	actually	hurt	worse.
Finally,	he	called.	I	took	a	deep	breath	and	said	hello.
“Hey,	 what’s	 up?”	 he	 asked,	 so	 innocently	 that	 it	 made	 him	 sound	 even	 more
guilty.
“Nothing,”	I	said.	“Where	are	you?”
“What	 do	 you	 mean?”	 he	 asked	 through	 a	 yawn	 that	 sounded	 fake,	 or	 at	 least
exaggerated.
“I	mean,	where	are	you?”
“I’m	in	Dallas.”
“Where	in	Dallas?”
“My	room.”
“Which	hotel?”
“The	Mansion	on	Turtle	Creek,”	he	said.	“Where	I	always	stay.”
“Who	are	you	with?”
“Nobody.”
“Who	were	you	with	an	hour	ago?	When	you	pocket-dialed	me?”
“I	pocket-dialed	you?”	he	said.
“Yeah,	you	did,	Kirk.”
“Well…let’s	see…an	hour	ago?…I	was	with	Gerald	Lee….”
“I	heard	a	woman’s	voice,	Kirk.”

“You	didn’t	let	me	finish.”
“So,	finish.”
“I	was	with	Gerald—and	his	fiancée.	Did	I	tell	you	he	got	engaged?”
“No,”	I	said,	thinking	that	it	had	been	years	since	I’d	even	heard	him	mention
Gerald,	making	his	old	college	friend	a	very	convenient	alibi.	“You	sure	didn’t.”
“Yeah.	So	anyway,	we	had	a	quick	bite….”
“I	thought	you	had	a	migraine?”
“I	 did.	 Still	 do.	 But	 I	 had	 to	 eat.	 And	 now	 I’m	 headed	 to	 bed.”	 His	 voice	 was
suddenly	both	hushed	and	hurried.
“I’m	so	sorry	you’re	not	feeling	well,”	I	said	as	insincerely	as	I	could.
“It’s	okay.	I’ll	be	fine,”	he	said.	“Everything	okay	there?”
“Sure,”	I	said,	pausing,	listening	to	the	conspicuous	silence	in	his	background.	I
pictured	him	huddled	in	a	marble	hotel	bathroom,	someone	waiting	for	him	in	the
next	room.	Maybe	she	was	even	beside	him	in	bed,	craning	to	hear	my	every	word
so	they	could	analyze	it	together.
“Okay.	Well.	I’ll	see	you	tomorrow?”	he	said.
“Yeah,”	I	said,	then	made	myself	say	the	last	three	words	I	wanted	to	say	to	him:
I	love	you.	It	didn’t	feel	like	the	truth	at	that	second,	more	like	a	test,	as	I	waited	to
see	what	he’d	say	in	return.
“You,	too,”	he	simply	said	back,	failing	with	flying	colors.
—
A	FEW	SECONDS	 later,	my	phone	rang	again.	I	expected	it	to	be	Kirk,	attempting	to
apologize	 for	 his	 abruptness,	 fix	 things,	 talk	 to	 me.	 But	 it	 was	 Tom.	 Surprised,	 I
answered	hello.	He	said	hello	back,	sounding	tentative	as	he	went	on	to	thank	me
for	coming	over	this	morning.	I	told	him	of	course,	then	thanked	him	for	allowing
us	 to	 come.	 After	 an	 awkward	 pause,	 he	 told	 me	 a	 disturbing	 story	 about	 him
overhearing	 a	 conversation	 between	 two	 women	 I	 apparently	 knew.	 Something
about	Lyla	and	Finch	and	the	incident.	But	it	was	a	comfort	to	hear	from	him—and
a	welcome	interruption	in	an	intense	period	of	panic	and	loneliness.
Bolstered	by	the	brief	exchange,	I	went	to	Kirk’s	office,	determination	replacing
sadness.	I	sat	in	his	desk	chair,	swiveling	to	the	left	and	right,	staring	at	the	neat
piles	of	papers,	his	pewter	pencil	cup	filled	with	only	black	Pilot	rollerball	pens.	I
opened	his	drawers,	one	at	a	time.	Three	down	the	left,	three	down	the	right,	and
one	 long,	 skinny	 one	 in	 the	 middle.	 I	 don’t	 know	 what	 I	 was	 looking	 for,	 but	 I
methodically	combed	through	everything.	I	found	nothing	suspicious	but	ascribed
the	 lack	 of	 evidence	 to	 his	 fastidiousness,	 not	 his	 innocence.	 I	 turned	 on	 his
laptop.	 I	 didn’t	 expect	 to	 find	 anything	 there	 either,	 as	 he	 knew	 that	 I	 knew	 his

password.	 But	 I	 still	 scrutinized	 his	 email	 in-box,	 just	 in	 case,	 scanning	 rows	 of
names	and	boring	subject	lines.
Just	as	I	was	about	to	give	up,	I	saw	an	email	dated	today	from	Bob	Tate,	Kirk’s
ticket	broker.	I	clicked	and	read	the	thread—a	complicated	back-and-forth	among
Bob,	 Kirk,	 and	 Finch—and	 pieced	 together	 a	 very	 different	 story	 than	 the	 one
Finch	 had	 given	 me	 earlier.	 In	 a	 nutshell,	 Finch	 wanted	 four	 tickets	 to	 the	 show
(not	 two),	 for	 the	 express	 purpose	 of	 making	 amends	 with	 Lyla	 Volpe	 (he	 didn’t
think	 she’d	 go	 if	 it	 were	 just	 the	 two	 of	 them).	 Kirk	 summarized	 the	 request	 to
Bob,	who	came	through	in	grand	style,	explaining	that	the	price	was	steep	because
they	were	limited	admission	and	last	minute.	Kirk	said	no	problem,	and	he’d	settle
up	in	cash	when	back	in	town.
Son	of	a	bitch,	I	said	aloud,	the	magnitude	of	their	betrayal	sinking	in.	My	son
and	husband	had,	essentially,	conspired	against	me.	It	occurred	to	me	that	I	had
done	 the	 same	 thing	 this	 morning.	 I	 had	 brought	 my	 son	 to	 the	 Volpe	 home
unbeknownst	to	my	husband.	I	had	encouraged	Finch	to	lie	to	his	father,	at	least
by	 omission.	 But	 I	 believed	 in	 my	 heart	 that	 there	 was	 a	 vital	 difference.	 I	 had
been	trying	to	do	what	was	right—and	show	my	son	how	important	that	was;	Kirk
was,	as	always,	simply	trying	to	manipulate	others	in	his	quest	to	get	his	way.
There	 was	 really	 no	 way	 around	 it.	 My	 husband,	 whom	 I’d	 once	 thought	 of	 as
charming	and	take-charge,	was	simply	a	user	and	a	liar.	And	the	worst	part	of	it	all
was	that	he	was	teaching	our	son	to	be	those	very	things.
I’d	 always	 pictured	 marriages	 severing	 more	 dramatically,	 with	 an	 explosive
fight	or	irrefutable	proof	(stronger	than	a	pocket	dial)	of	an	affair.	But	in	that	quiet
moment	in	Kirk’s	office	waiting	for	our	son	to	return	from	a	concert	with	a	girl	he
had	mistreated	and	maybe	even	manipulated,	I	felt	in	my	bones	that	my	marriage
was	over.
I	wanted	a	divorce.	I	was	done.	So	done.
—
I	 WOKE	 UP	 the	 next	 morning	 to	 a	 disjointed	 dream	 about	 Tom	 and	 suddenly
remembered	his	call	the	night	before.	It	almost	seemed	like	a	dream,	too,	coming,
as	it	had,	during	so	much	turmoil.	I	found	my	phone	on	my	nightstand	and	started
a	text	to	Tom,	confessing	that	I’d	had	something	of	a	rough	night,	and	apologizing
if	I’d	acted	a	bit	off.	I	reread	my	words,	then	deleted	them,	the	statement	sounding
a	little	inappropriate.
Inappropriate.
I	 repeated	 the	 word	 in	 my	 head,	 realizing	 how	 much	 I	 despised	 it.	 It	 was	 a
favorite	 of	 Kathie	 and	 all	 her	 Bible	 buddies,	 the	 catchall	 for	 any	 behavior	 they
wished	 to	 judge.	 Her	 dress	 was	 inappropriate	 for	 a	 wedding….That	 book
selection	was	inappropriate	for	teenagers….The	conversation	they	were	having
in	front	of	children	was	inappropriate….Her	political	post	was	inappropriate….A

text	to	a	single,	attractive	father	asking	about	a	drunken	conversation?	So.	Very.
Inappropriate.
Screw	being	appropriate,	I	thought,	as	I	dialed	Tom’s	number,	hoping	he	would
answer.	He	did,	almost	immediately.
“Hi.	It’s	Nina,”	I	said,	my	palms	turning	clammy.
“Hi,”	he	said.
“Did	I	wake	you?”	I	asked.
“No,”	he	said.	“I’ve	been	up	for	a	while.”
“Oh,”	I	said.
“Are	you	all	right?”	he	asked.
“Yeah.	I	was	just	thinking	about	our	call	last	night…and	your	Uber	ride.”
“I	should	have	kept	my	mouth	shut	with	those	women,	but…”
“But	you	didn’t,”	I	said,	feeling	a	surge	of	respect	for	him.
“Correct,”	he	said	with	a	hint	of	a	laugh.
“What	did	you	say	to	them,	exactly?”
“Just	the	facts.	That	I	was	her	father.	And	that	she	wasn’t	Mexican.”	He	started
to	say	something	else,	but	then	stopped.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
“You	were	going	to	say	something.”
“Yeah,”	he	said.	“I	was.”
“What	was	it?	Please	tell	me.”
“It	was	about	your	husband.”
“What	 about	 him?”	 I	 asked,	 both	 dreading	 his	 response	 and	 praying	 that	 he’d
give	me	more	evidence.	Say	something	bad	about	the	man	I	wanted	to	leave.
“I	probably	shouldn’t	get	into	that.	It’s	really	none	of	my	business,”	Tom	said.
“And	it	could	complicate	our…situation.”
“Our	situation?”	I	repeated,	wondering	if	he	meant	our	two	kids	and	the	hearing
on	Tuesday—or	the	unlikely	connection	we	seemed	to	be	forging.
“You	know…everything	else	that’s	going	on,”	he	replied	vaguely.
“Yeah,”	I	said,	my	head	pounding	from	the	swirling	subtext.
We	sat	in	silence	for	another	few	seconds	before	he	cleared	his	throat	and	said,
“Look.	Those	women	were	drunk.	Really	drunk.	Who	knows	if	anything	they	said
was	true….And	I	could	have	heard	them	wrong….I	was	driving.”

I	closed	my	eyes.	“Lemme	guess.	They	were	talking	about	Kirk	cheating	on	me?”
I	said.
“Yes,”	he	said	softly	but	swiftly.	“They	were.	I’m	sorry.”
“It’s	fine.	You’re	not	telling	me	anything	I	don’t	already	know,”	I	said.	It	was	an
overstatement—I	 didn’t	 know	 anything	 for	 sure—but	 I	 didn’t	 want	 Tom	 to	 feel
guilty.
I	could	hear	him	draw	a	deep	breath,	then	say	my	name	on	a	weary	exhale.	It
sounded	like	a	plea.
“Yes?”	I	said	in	response.
“I	 don’t	 know	 you	 very	 well,”	 he	 said	 slowly,	 as	 if	 very	 carefully	 choosing	 his
words.	“But	you	deserve	better	than	this.”
“I	know,”	I	managed	to	reply.	“Thank	you,	Tom.”
Right	 after	 we	 said	 goodbye	 and	 hung	 up,	 I	 realized	 that	 I’d	 forgotten	 to
mention	Lyla	and	Finch	and	my	strong	suspicion	that	they	had	gone	out	the	night
before.	I	told	myself	I	needed	to	call	him	back.	But	I	couldn’t	make	myself	do	it.	I
was	just	too	disappointed	in	Finch.	In	my	life.
Instead	 I	 called	 my	 best	 friend	 and	 told	 her	 I	 needed	 to	 see	 her.	 That	 I	 was
having	 a	 crisis.	 She	 asked	 no	 questions,	 simply	 saying	 she’d	 be	 home	 all	 day,
waiting	for	me.
I	then	went	to	check	on	Finch.	I’d	heard	him	come	in	the	night	before,	around
midnight.	 I	 went	 upstairs	 now,	 lightly	 knocking	 on	 his	 door.	 When	 he	 didn’t
answer,	I	opened	it.	He	was	sound	asleep	and	lightly	snoring,	the	covers	tucked	up
under	 his	 chin.	 I	 walked	 over	 to	 his	 bedside	 and	 put	 my	 hand	 on	 his	 shoulder,
shaking	him	gently,	then	harder,	until	his	eyes	opened	and	his	mouth	closed.
“Yeah,	Mom?”	he	said,	squinting	groggily	up	at	me.
“Hi.	 I	 just	 wanted	 to	 let	 you	 know	 I’m	 headed	 home.	 To	 Bristol.	 I’ll	 be	 back
sometime	tomorrow.	But	Dad	will	be	here	in	a	few	hours.”
“Is	everything	okay?	With	Nana	and	Gramps?”	he	asked.
“Yes,”	I	said,	comforted	that	he’d	shown	himself	capable	of	concern.	“I	just	feel
like	I	need	to	go	home.”
“Okay,”	he	said,	blinking.
“Do	 you	 want	 to	 come	 with	 me?”	 I	 asked,	 knowing	 he	 would	 not.	 His	 lack	 of
interest	 in	 his	 grandparents	 these	 days	 made	 me	 sad,	 but	 right	 now	 it	 was
obviously	low	on	the	list	of	things	to	be	sad	about.
“I	have	a	lot	of	homework….”	he	replied,	his	eyelids	fluttering	and	closing	again.
I	 stared	 at	 his	 face	 for	 a	 few	 seconds	 before	 reaching	 out	 to	 lightly	 shake	 his
arm.

“Yeah,	Mom?”	he	said,	his	eyes	still	closed.
“How	was	the	concert?”	I	asked.
“Fine,”	he	said.	“Fun.”
“Good…I’m	glad….It	was	so	nice	that	Beau	could	get	those	tickets,”	I	said.
“Uh-huh.”
“And	it	was	just	the	two	of	you?	Or	did	you	go	with	other	people?”
“Just	the	two	of	us.”
“Okay…well.	 Remember	 your	 father’s	 coming	 home	 today,”	 I	 said,	 feeling	 sick
on	so	many	levels.	It	was	the	way	divorced	people	talked.	Your	father	rather	than
Dad.
“Yeah.	You	already	said	that,	Mom.”
“Does	he	know	you	went	to	the	concert?”	I	asked,	giving	him	one	final	chance.
“Nope,”	 he	 said,	 finally	 opening	 his	 eyes	 so	 he	 could	 lie	 right	 to	 my	 face.	 “I
haven’t	talked	to	him.”
Strike	three,	I	thought,	walking	out	of	his	room.
—
I	ARRIVED	IN	downtown	Bristol	shortly	after	two	o’clock,	going	first	to	Julie’s	house,
a	small	cottage	that	she	and	Adam	had	lived	in	forever.	As	I	got	out	of	my	car,	I
spotted	 her	 on	 one	 of	 two	 rocking	 chairs	 on	 the	 wraparound	 front	 porch	 they’d
recently	painted.	I’d	selected	the	color	for	her—Benjamin	Moore	Tranquil	Blue.
“Hey	there,”	I	called	out	with	a	little	wave.	“I	love	your	porch.	It	looks	so	pretty!”
She	waved	back	at	me,	still	rocking	in	her	chair.	“Thanks	to	you!”
I	climbed	the	porch	stairs	as	she	stood	and	held	out	her	arms,	then	pulled	me
into	 a	 long,	 tight	 hug.	 It	 was	 comforting,	 as	 was	 the	 familiar	 scent	 she’d	 been
wearing	 since	 high	 school—Chanel	 No.	 5,	 which	 she’d	 once	 joked	 was	 the	 only
Chanel	she’d	ever	own.
“Have	you	lost	weight?	You	feel	tiny,”	I	asked,	backing	up	to	look	at	her.	Other
than	brisk	walks	and	swims	at	the	Y,	Julie	never	worked	out,	and	she	was	built	like
a	delicate	bird.	Sort	of	the	opposite	of	her	personality.	“Tinier	than	usual,	I	should
say.”
“I	 don’t	 think	 so,”	 she	 said,	 pulling	 at	 the	 waistband	 of	 her	 khaki	 shorts	 and
glancing	 down	 to	 check	 the	 space	 between	 the	 fabric	 and	 her	 stomach.	 “I	 don’t
have	a	scale,	so	I’m	not	really	sure.”
“You	don’t	have	a	scale?”	I	said,	thinking	I	weighed	myself	at	least	twice	a	day,
mostly	out	of	mindless	habit	but	also	due	to	general	vigilance.	My	being	thin	was
so	important	to	Kirk—and	so	it	had	become	that	way	to	me,	too.

“Nope.	 Not	 since	 I	 caught	 the	 girls	 weighing	 themselves,”	 she	 said	 as	 we	 each
took	a	rocking	chair.	“I	didn’t	think	much	about	it	until	Reece	declared	herself	the
winner	 because	 she	 was	 a	 pound	 lighter	 than	 Paige.”	 She	 shook	 her	 head	 as	 she
snapped	her	fingers,	making	a	crisp	sound.	“I	nipped	that	in	the	bud.”
“God,	you’re	so	good	about	that	stuff,”	I	said,	wondering	if	it	was	ever	tough	for
Paige,	who	had	inherited	more	of	Adam’s	stocky	build;	Reece	looked	just	like	her
mother.	I	was	ashamed	of	having	the	thought	and	saw	it	as	another	sign	that	I’d
been	focusing	on	the	wrong	things.	I	felt	sure	it	wasn’t	something	Julie	had	ever
worried	 about.	 Her	 lack	 of	 shallowness,	 coupled	 with	 feelings	 of	 self-acceptance,
transferred	to	everyone	close	to	her,	most	of	all	her	daughters.	“It’s	a	good	thing	I
had	a	boy.	I’d	have	screwed	up	a	girl	even	worse….”
“No,	 you	 wouldn’t	 have,”	 she	 said	 but	 conspicuously	 did	 not	 deny	 that	 I’d
screwed	up	Finch.	I	told	myself	this	wasn’t	the	time	to	get	defensive.	I	needed	to
have	 a	 thick	 skin.	 After	 all,	 if	 I’d	 wanted	 someone	 to	 help	 me	 take	 the	 easy	 way
out,	I	would	have	called	Melanie.
“Anyway,”	I	said.
“Yes.	Anyway…would	you	like	some	lunch?	I	made	some	chicken	salad.”
“No,	thanks,”	I	said.	“I’m	not	really	hungry	right	now.”
“Something	to	drink?	Coffee?	Sweet	tea?	A	glass	of	rosé?”
Although	I	actually	could	have	used	some	caffeine,	I	didn’t	want	to	interrupt	the
moment.	I	wanted	us	to	stay	exactly	where	we	were,	for	as	long	as	possible.	“No,
thanks,”	I	said.	“Where	are	Adam	and	the	girls?”
“They’re	running	errands….I	gave	them	a	very	long	list.”
I	 smiled	 and	 thanked	 her,	 knowing	 she’d	 done	 this	 for	 my	 sake,	 probably
changing	her	own	plans	for	the	day,	too.
“Of	course.	No	problem,”	she	said.	“So	tell	me,	what’s	going	on?	I	assume	this	is
about	Finch?”
“Yes	 and	 no,”	 I	 said,	 then	 caught	 her	 up	 on	 everything.	 Our	 visit	 to	 Tom	 and
Lyla.	Finch’s	apology.	The	tickets	to	see	Luke	Bryan.	Finch’s	lies.	Kirk’s	lies.	All	of
them.
“Bastard,”	Julie	said	under	her	breath.	“I	knew	it.”
As	 she	 started	 to	 get	 all	 worked	 up,	 I	 raised	 my	 hand	 and	 stopped	 her.	 “Yeah.
But	 honestly,	 that’s	 the	 least	 of	 it,”	 I	 said.	 “It’s	 more…the	 kind	 of	 husband	 and
father	 he	 is.	 The	 person	 he’s	 become.	 It’s	 everything….I	 think	 the	 affair	 is	 just	 a
symptom	of	it	all….And	I	just	can’t	do	it	anymore.”
“Meaning?”	she	said	softly.
“Meaning…I	think	I	want	a	divorce,”	I	said.

Julie	didn’t	miss	a	beat.	It	was	almost	as	if	she’d	been	waiting	for	this.	“Okay,”
she	said.	“Let’s	back	up.	Did	you	find	something?	Texts	or	receipts?”
“No.	Just	the	pocket	dial—and	what	Tom	told	me	he	overheard,”	I	said.	“I	know
it’s	circumstantial,	but	it’s	just	a	feeling	I	have.	A	very	strong	gut	feeling.”
“And	there’s	a	lot	to	that,”	she	said.	“But	I	still	think	you	need	a	PI.	I	know	a	guy
in	Nashville.	He’s	incredible.”
I	shook	my	head.	“I	don’t	need	proof.	I	know	what	he’s	doing.”
“Yes,	but	we	still	should	have	it.	Tennessee’s	a	fault-based	state.”
“Which	means?”
“Which	 means	 adultery	 is	 a	 factor	 in	 alimony.	 It’s	 also	 leverage.	 Kirk	 cares	 so
much	about	how	things	look	to	people.”
“No,	he	doesn’t,”	I	said,	shaking	my	head.
“Well,	 he	 cares	 about	 how	 things	 look	 to	 some	 people.	 That’s	 why	 he	 does	 his
philanthropy	bullshit.”
“Maybe,”	I	said.	“But	those	people	give	him	a	pass	no	matter	what…because	of
his	money.	They	love	him	for	his	money.”
“I	know,”	she	said.	“It’s	disgusting.”
We	rocked	in	silence	for	several	seconds,	both	of	us	looking	out	over	her	front
lawn,	which	consisted	of	a	small	square	patch	of	grass,	a	beautiful	magnolia,	and	a
row	 of	 white	 hydrangea	 bushes	 planted	 along	 the	 front	 of	 the	 porch.	 The
landscape	 was	 so	 simple	 it	 reminded	 me	 of	 a	 child’s	 drawing,	 right	 down	 to	 the
yellow	 butterfly	 fluttering	 on	 a	 flower	 near	 us.	 I	 could	 tell	 Julie	 was	 watching	 it,
too,	both	of	us	tracing	its	flight,	in	and	out	of	the	dappled	sunlight.
“So	you’ll	be	my	lawyer?”	I	said.
Julie	sighed.	“I	don’t	know,	Nina—”
“What	 do	 you	 mean	 you	 don’t	 know?	 You’re	 my	 best	 friend	 and	 you’re	 a
Tennessee	divorce	lawyer.”	I	let	out	a	dry	laugh.
“I	know.	And	I’m	happy	to	take	your	case,”	she	said,	as	I	noted	her	telling	use	of
the	word	happy	in	this	context.	“And	I	certainly	can	handle	it.	But	you	may	want
to	consider	some	bigger	hitters.”
“Bigger	hitters?”	I	said.	“C’mon,	Jules.	Nobody	hits	harder	than	you.”
“True,”	 she	 said,	 smiling	 back	 at	 me.	 “But	 you	 know	 what	 I	 mean.	 There	 are
lawyers	who	specialize	in	high-net-worth	and	celebrity	clients….”
I	shook	my	head	and	said,	“No.	I	want	you.”
“Okay,	then.	You	have	me.	Always.”
I	nodded	and	said,	“So	what’s	next?”

“We	 get	 the	 PI…and	 you	 gather	 all	 the	 information	 you	 can.	 Any	 financial
information,	 bank	 statements,	 investments,	 a	 list	 of	 all	 your	 assets….We’ll
eventually	subpoena	records.	But	get	everything	you	can	for	now.	Once	we	get	our
ducks	in	a	row,	we	will	file	a	complaint.	That’s	followed	by	a	mandatory	sixty-day
cooling-off	period.	From	there,	we	do	discovery….”
My	stomach	lurched.	“So	you	think	this	will	go	to	trial?”
“Maybe.	Probably.”
“But	don’t	a	lot	of	people	settle?	Or	do	mediation?”
“Yes,”	she	said.	“But	honestly,	I	don’t	see	mediation	working	with	Kirk.	Do	you?
He	doesn’t	know	the	word	compromise.”
“Yeah…He’s	going	to	be	so	shocked.”
“Oh,	 will	 the	 poor	 thing	 feel	 betrayed?”	 she	 said,	 her	 voice	 dripping	 with
disdain.
“You	really	hate	him,	don’t	you?”
She	stared	at	me	for	a	beat,	as	if	trying	to	restrain	herself—for	the	sake	not	of
her	new	client	but	of	her	old	friend.	Yet	she	couldn’t	help	herself.
“Yeah,”	she	said.	“I	hate	him,	Nina.”
“Since	 when?”	 I	 asked,	 thinking	 back	 to	 when	 Kirk	 had	 sold	 his	 company,
feeling	sure	she	would	cite	that	as	a	turning	point.
“Um.	Since	the	night	I	met	him.	When	he	cheated	in	putt-putt.”
Looking	 up	 at	 the	 sky,	 at	 least	 as	 much	 of	 it	 as	 I	 could	 see	 from	 the	 porch,	 I
rewound	to	the	first	time	I’d	brought	Kirk	to	my	hometown	from	Vandy.	I	actually
had	a	photograph	from	that	night,	which	was	unusual,	because	it	was	pre–camera
phones.	In	it,	Kirk,	Julie,	Adam,	and	I	were	all	standing	in	the	run-down	parking
lot	of	the	Putt-Putt	Fun	Center	on	Bluff	City	Highway.	The	three	of	us	from	Bristol
were	 wearing	 sneakers	 and	 T-shirts,	 but	 Kirk	 had	 on	 a	 polo	 shirt,	 khakis,	 and
driving	 moccasins—which	 at	 the	 time	 I	 just	 thought	 of	 as	 loafers	 with	 funny
rubber	things	on	the	bottom.
“What	did	he	do,	exactly?”	I	said,	picturing	him	nudging	the	ball	with	his	foot—
or	 taking	 an	 extra	 turn.	 The	 joking,	 impatient	 ways	 a	 lot	 of	 people	 cheated	 in
minigolf.
“He	 was	 keeping	 the	 scorecard,	 of	 course,”	 she	 said.	 “And	 Adam	 kept	 busting
him	shaving	off	his	own	strokes.	Blatant	cheating.”
“Wow…What	else?”	I	said.
“What	 do	 you	 mean	 ‘what	 else’?	 Other	 than	 the	 cheating?”	 She	 raised	 her
eyebrows.	“Isn’t	that	sort	of	like	saying	‘other	than	his	shitty	character’?”
“I	 meant	 what	 else	 do	 you	 remember,”	 I	 said,	 feeling	 the	 tiniest	 bit	 defensive.

Not	 of	 Kirk	 per	 se.	 But	 of	 the	 whole	 notion	 that	 his	 actions	 that	 night
automatically	 translated	 to	 irredeemable	 character	 flaws.	 “Other	 than	 the
minutiae	around	minigolf?”
“Minigolf,”	she	said	with	stone	seriousness,	“is	a	metaphor	for	life.”
I	smiled	and	said,	“Oh,	really?”
“Yes.	 I	 mean,	 think	 about	 it….Do	 you	 take	 it	 seriously?	 Too	 seriously?	 Do	 you
enjoy	 it?	 Do	 you	 keep	 careful	 score?	 Do	 you	 get	 upset	 when	 you	 lose?	 Do	 you
cheat?	 And	 if	 you	 do	 cheat,	 how	 do	 you	 react	 when	 you’re	 busted?	 Are	 you
sheepish?	Sorry?	Do	you	do	it	again?”
I	held	up	my	palms	and	said,	“Okay,	okay…All	I’m	saying	is—I	think	cheating	on
your	wife	is	a	little	worse	than	cheating	at	putt-putt….And	I	don’t	think	Kirk	was
that	bad	back	then,”	I	said.	“After	all,	I	fell	in	love	with	him,	right?”
“Did	you?”	she	asked,	looking	more	than	a	little	skeptical.
“Uh…yeah.	 I	 married	 him,	 Julie,”	 I	 said,	 hearing	 how	 lame	 my	 comeback
sounded	given	everything	that	was	happening	in	our	lives.
She	heard	it,	too,	raising	her	eyebrows	as	I	continued.
“I	don’t	regret	our	whole	 marriage.	 That	 would	 be	 akin	 to	 regretting	 Finch….I
just	regret…the	past	few	years.	Since	Kirk	sold	his	business.	I	think	that’s	when	he
changed,”	I	said,	stopping	short	of	mentioning	money	directly.
Julie	 nodded	 and	 said,	 “Yeah.	 Well,	 he	 definitely	 got	 worse	 after	 that.	 More
arrogant,	more	entitled…What’s	the	saying?	Money	makes	you	more	of	what	you
already	are?”
“Yeah.”	I	nodded.	“Something	like	that.”
Julie	looked	thoughtful	for	a	beat,	as	if	trying	to	figure	something	out,	then	said,
“You	know,	in	the	past	decade,	I	don’t	think	I’ve	ever	been	around	Kirk	for	longer
than	 thirty	 minutes	 in	 which	 he	 didn’t	 excuse	 himself	 to	 go	 ‘make	 a	 call.’ ”	 She
imitated	his	deep	voice,	then	muttered,	“Self-important	prick.”
I	winced	at	her	words,	knowing	she	was	right,	thinking	of	how	he	couldn’t	bear
to	be	separated	from	his	phone.	In	fact,	the	only	time	I’d	seen	him	without	it	for
any	 length	 of	 time	 was	 at	 the	 Masters	 every	 year,	 where	 cellphones	 were
absolutely	forbidden—no	matter	how	wealthy	or	powerful	you	were.	It	was	one	of
the	 few	 rules	 he	 actually	 respected—perhaps	 unsurprisingly,	 given	 the	 elitist
context.
“Like,	 nobody’s	 that	 important.	 Herman	 Frankel	 doesn’t	 do	 that,	 and	 he’s	 a
freaking	 brain	 surgeon,”	 Julie	 continued,	 referring	 to	 the	 valedictorian	 of	 our
class,	with	whom	Julie	was	still	friends.	“He	never	mentions	his	work	unless	other
people	bring	it	up.	And	he	won’t	even	make	plans	to	go	out	if	he’s	on	call	because
he	doesn’t	want	to	have	to	insult	people	by	stepping	away	from	the	table.”

She	was	on	a	roll	now.	Part	of	me	was	embarrassed	for	my	husband—and	myself
for	putting	up	with	his	behavior	for	so	long—but	I	also	felt	oddly	comforted	by	her
rant.	It	was	almost	like	therapy	or	validation.
“He’s	such	an	insufferable	snob,”	she	continued.	“I	mean,	Nina,	forget	what	he
can	afford.	Because	I	get	that—if	you	can	pay	for	nice	hotels	and	first	class,	fine,
get	your	nice	hotels	and	first	class.	I’d	do	it,	too,	if	I	could….I	don’t	begrudge	Kirk
all	 the	 perks	 that	 come	 with	 wealth	 and	 success.	 But	 he	 thinks	 of	 himself	 as	 a
higher	 class	 of	 person.	 Like	 he,	 along	 with	 his	 rich,	 white,	 male	 friends,	 is	 truly
better	than	the	rest	of	us.”
“I	know,”	I	murmured,	thinking	of	all	the	offhanded	disparaging	remarks	he’d
made	about	average,	hardworking	Americans,	the	kinds	of	people	you	might	see	at
a	 professional	 sporting	 event	 or	 an	 amusement	 park	 or	 the	 zoo.	 The	 public,	 he
called	 them,	 and	 that	 was	 the	 nicer	 of	 the	 terms.	 I’d	 also	 heard	 him	 use	 riffraff,
dregs,	proles,	and	plebs.	He	usually	pretended	to	be	joking,	but	the	sentiment	was
real.	 That	 was	 how	 he	 felt.	 If	 something	 was	 accessible	 or	 populated	 by	 “those
people,”	he	wanted	no	part	of	it.
Even	Disney	World,	I	thought,	reminding	Julie	how	much	I	had	wanted	to	take
Finch	when	he	was	little,	and	how	Kirk	had	refused	to	go	until	he	learned	about
the	VIP	tour	guides	that	movie	stars	used.	How	you	could	access	everything	from
the	 backs	 of	 the	 rides.	 Circumvent	 all	 lines.	 Avoid	 the	 commoners.	 Yet	 he	 still
managed	to	squeeze	in	remarks	about	all	the	“fat	people	with	their	turkey	legs	who
were	 riding	 in	 scooters	 because	 they	 were	 too	 lazy	 to	 walk.”	 And	 the	 worst	 part
was	 that	 he	 would	 sometimes	 make	 such	 comments	 within	 earshot	 of	 Finch.	 I
shushed	him,	of	course,	or	came	right	out	and	told	him	that	wasn’t	nice,	but	I	still
worried	that	some	of	those	ideas	would	rub	off	on	our	son.
Julie	 listened,	 her	 lips	 pursed,	 then	 chimed	 in	 with	 more.	 “And	 he	 only	 pays
attention	to	people	who	have	a	lot	of	money.	Otherwise	he	sees	right	through	you,
doesn’t	give	you	the	time	of	day.	Do	you	know	he	has	never,	once,	asked	me	about
my	work?	And	I’m	an	attorney.	So	forget	Adam’s	job.	It’s	as	if	fighting	fires	is…is…
I	don’t	know.”	She	threw	up	her	hands,	at	a	rare	loss	for	words.
“Is	equivalent	to	being	in	jail?”	I	said.
“Exactly,”	 she	 said.	 “Although	 that	 might	 depend	 on	 what	 kind	 of	 jail.	 In	 his
eyes,	 a	 white-collar	 criminal	 in	 a	 cushy	 federal	 prison	 probably	 has	 more	 status
than	a	firefighter.”
I	 nodded,	 thinking	 of	 how	 Kirk	 still	 defended	 Bob	 Heller,	 a	 neighbor	 of	 ours
who	had	been	sent	to	prison	for	running	an	elaborate	Ponzi	scheme.	And	it	wasn’t
because	Kirk	believed	in	mercy,	redemption,	or	forgiveness—that	would	have	been
admirable—but	 because	 he	 insisted	 his	 friend	 was	 a	 “good	 guy”	 who	 got	 a	 “raw
deal”	and	“hadn’t	ripped	anyone	off	that	much.”
“So	Adam	hates	Kirk,	too?”	I	said,	wondering	how	much	they’d	discussed	us.

Julie	 shrugged.	 “I	 wouldn’t	 say	 hate.	 Adam	 doesn’t	 care	 enough	 to	 hate	 him.
And	 honestly,	 I	 wouldn’t	 either	 except	 for	 the	 fact	 that	 he’s	 married	 to	 my	 best
friend.	I	hate	him	for	you.	And	for	Finch.”
And	there	it	was.	The	point	of	no	return.	My	realization	that	if	I	didn’t	divorce
Kirk	 for	 me,	 I	 had	 to	 do	 it	 for	 my	 son.	 Staying	 in	 the	 marriage	 any	 longer	 was
giving	tacit	approval	to	everything	Kirk	had	done.	Finch	needed	to	know	that	there
were	repercussions	to	his	father’s	entitled	mindset	and	selfish	behavior.	I	had	to
make	him	see	that	there	was	another	way	to	be.
Tears	stung	my	eyes,	and	I	tried	to	blink	them	back,	telling	myself	I	had	to	be
strong.	 But	 I	 couldn’t.	 I	 expected	 Julie	 to	 glance	 away,	 as	 most	 people	 do	 when
you	start	to	cry,	no	matter	how	close	they	are	to	you.
But	 Julie	 didn’t	 look	 away.	 Instead	 she	 fiercely	 held	 my	 gaze	 and	 my	 hand,
telling	me	it	was	time—high	fucking	time—and	that	Kirk	wouldn’t	be	ignoring	her
anymore.

I

thought	 kissing	 Finch	 was	 a	 distinct	 possibility	 when	 he	 invited	 me	 over,
especially	after	he	made	it	a	point	to	say	that	his	parents	wouldn’t	be	home.	But
I	didn’t	think	we’d	do	anything	more	than	that.
Backing	up,	I	should	say	that	I’m	not	a	virgin,	but	I’m	also	not	a	slut.	I’ve	only
had	sex	with	one	guy.	His	name	was—still	is—Caleb	King.	We	vaguely	knew	each
other	from	middle	school,	where	he’d	been	a	grade	ahead	of	me.	But	then	he	went
on	 to	 Stratford,	 the	 public	 high	 school	 near	 us,	 and	 I	 went	 to	 Windsor	 the
following	year.	So	he	never	really	crossed	my	mind	again	until	last	spring,	when
we	ran	into	each	other	at	the	Gulch,	shopping	at	Urban	Outfitters.	I	didn’t	notice
him	at	first	(I	get	really	focused	when	I’m	shopping),	but	then	he	tapped	me	on	the
shoulder	and	said,	“Hey,	didn’t	you	go	to	Dalewood?”
I	 put	 down	 the	 T-shirt	 I’d	 been	 considering	 and	 said,	 “Yeah.	 Hi.	 It’s	 Caleb,
right?”
“Yeah.	That’s	right,”	he	said,	smiling	at	me.	“And	you’re…Layla?”
I	smiled	back	at	him.	“Close.	Lyla.”
He	 asked	 me	 where	 I	 went	 to	 school,	 and	 after	 we	 covered	 those	 basics	 and	 a
few	 others,	 he	 told	 me	 I	 had	 beautiful	 eyes.	 A	 few	 minutes	 of	 flirting	 later,	 he
asked	 if	 I	 wanted	 to	 hang	 sometime.	 I	 was	 more	 flattered	 than	 psyched	 by	 the
idea,	but	I	still	said	yes,	then	gave	him	my	number	before	he	left	the	store.
It	was	all	good	until	Grace,	who	had	been	standing	impatiently	nearby,	started
dissing	Caleb,	saying	he	was	annoying	and	came	on	too	strong.	Maybe	he	had	been
a	 little	 aggressive,	 but	 I	 somehow	 got	 the	 feeling	 that	 she	 had	 a	 bigger	 problem
with	 the	 fact	 that	 Caleb	 was	 (still	 is)	 black.	 It	 surprised	 me	 because	 I’d	 never
thought	of	Grace	as	being	at	all	racist,	and	she	certainly	had	never	said	anything
negative	 about	 our	 friend	 Hattie	 (who	 is	 white)	 dating	 Logan	 (who	 is	 black).	 I’d
once	 even	 heard	 her	 say	 something	 about	 how	 cute	 their	 babies	 would	 be.	 So	 I
gave	her	the	benefit	of	the	doubt.	Until	she	threw	out	the	word	ghetto,	that	is.
“Ghetto?”	I	said.	“Caleb	lives	in	my	neighborhood.”
“I	 don’t	 mean	 where	 he	 lives,”	 she	 said,	 ignoring	 the	 actual	 definition	 of	 the
word.	“I	mean…his	whole	look.”
“What	about	his	look?”	I	said,	then	reminded	her	that	we	were	all	shopping	in

the	same	clothing	store.
“He	was	wearing	a	gold	chain.”
“I	think	some	guys	can	pull	off	a	chain,”	I	said,	even	though	I	didn’t	love	jewelry
on	guys,	either.
“Maybe.	If	you’re,	like,	Brad	Pitt	or	Robert	Pattinson.”
“You	mean	white?”	I	asked,	which	was	as	close	as	I	came	to	calling	her	out.
I	waited	for	her	to	get	defensive,	but	either	my	question	was	too	subtle	for	her	or
she	just	didn’t	mind	the	implication,	because	she	sloughed	the	comment	off	with	a
shrug.	“Okay.	Maybe	the	chain’s	okay,	but	nobody	can	pull	off	those	saggy	jeans,”
she	 said,	 making	 her	 way	 to	 the	 cash	 register	 with	 about	 seven	 items,	 none	 of
which	were	on	sale.
“His	 jeans	 weren’t	 sagging,”	 I	 said,	 empty-handed	 and	 superannoyed.	 “They
were	just…loose-fitting.”
“What’s	the	diff?”
“The	diff…is…his	 jeans	 weren’t	 falling	 down,”	 I	 said,	 thinking	 that	 I	 distinctly
remembered	 watching	 Caleb	 walk	 away	 from	 us.	 “I	 know	 for	 a	 fact	 his	 boxers
weren’t	showing.	At	all.”
Grace	 shrugged.	 “Still.	 I	 just	 think	 you	 could	 do	 better.	 Way	 better,”	 she	 said,
then	went	on	this	whole	tirade	about	how	I	needed	to	aim	high	in	life,	and	wasn’t
that	why	I	was	at	Windsor	in	the	first	place?
I	knew	she	just	wanted	the	best	for	me,	and	maybe	there	really	was	something
legit	about	Caleb	that	she	didn’t	like	but	couldn’t	put	her	finger	on.	But	I	still	felt
like	she	was	being	really	rude	to	him	and	condescending	to	me,	and	I	couldn’t	help
feeling	 offended.	 It	 wasn’t	 the	 first	 time	 she’d	 made	 me	 feel	 like	 her	 little	 pet
project,	the	poor	girl	she	had	taken	under	her	wing—not	just	because	she	liked	me,
but	because	she	felt	I	needed	help.	Her	help,	as	a	rich	white	girl	from	the	heart	of
Belle	Meade.	I	almost	told	her	that	my	dad	hadn’t	sent	me	to	Windsor	to	change
up	 my	 dating	 pool.	 I	 was	 there	 for	 an	 education.	 Period.	 But	 I	 figured	 it	 wasn’t
worth	 dissecting	 all	 of	 that.	 I	 was	 grateful	 to	 have	 Grace,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to
jeopardize	 our	 friendship	 by	 playing	 the	 race	 card	 or	 making	 a	 big	 deal	 out	 of
something	so	little.	Nobody	was	perfect,	after	all.
Still,	 when	 Caleb	 and	 I	 started	 hanging	 out	 that	 summer,	 I	 didn’t	 really	 fill
Grace	in	on	many	specifics,	just	played	it	off	as	us	being	friends.	(I	might	not	have
told	 her	 anything	 at	 all,	 but	 I	 wanted	 the	 satisfaction	 of	 informing	 her	 that	 the
pendant	Caleb	wore	on	a	chain	around	his	neck	had	belonged	to	his	grandmother
before	 she	 died.)	 Incidentally,	 I	 also	 kept	 Caleb	 a	 secret	 from	 my	 dad,	 knowing
he’d	freak	out	about	any	 guy,	 especially	 an	 older	 one,	 and	 figuring	 there	 was	 no
point	 in	 worrying	 him.	 So	 I’d	 wait	 until	 he	 left	 for	 work,	 or	 pretend	 to	 have	 a
babysitting	gig,	then	ride	my	bike	the	two	miles	over	to	Caleb’s	house.	(His	mother
worked,	too,	but	unlike	with	my	dad,	there	was	never	a	possibility	of	her	returning

home	during	the	day	since	she	had	a	nine-to-five	receptionist	job.)
Anyway,	 Caleb	 and	 I	 had	 fun	 hanging	 out	 together,	 and	 he	 turned	 out	 to	 be
more	nerdy	(in	a	quirky,	good	way)	than	ghetto	(which	he	wasn’t	at	all).	We	spent
a	 lot	 of	 time	 watching	 funny	 YouTube	 videos	 and	 playing	 board	 games.	 And	 of
course	 we	 hooked	 up	 a	 lot,	 too,	 sex	 seeming	 more	 inevitable	 with	 every	 passing
day	until	I	finally	told	him	I	wanted	to	do	it.
It	certainly	wasn’t	the	most	romantic	thing	I’d	ever	pictured,	as	there	was	never
any	mention	of	love	or	even	dating.	But	it	still	felt	right	enough,	all	the	important
boxes	 being	 checked.	 For	 one,	 I	 trusted	 Caleb	 in	 terms	 of	 STDs	 and	 stuff	 (he’d
been	with	two	girls	before	me,	but	both	had	been	virgins).	Second,	I	trusted	him
not	to	blab	my	business	(although	our	friends	didn’t	overlap,	anyway).	And	third,
I’d	 just	 turned	 sixteen—which	 felt	 like	 the	 right	 age	 to	 lose	 my	 virginity	 (fifteen
had	seemed	too	young).	My	final	concern	was	the	biggest:	getting	pregnant.	Caleb
said	he	could	use	condoms,	although	he	didn’t	like	them	because	he	couldn’t	feel
as	 much.	 I	 wasn’t	 too	 concerned	 about	 maximizing	 his	 pleasure,	 but	 I’d	 heard
plenty	 of	 stories	 about	 condoms	 tearing—so	 I	 decided	 to	 get	 on	 the	 pill.	 I	 then
called	the	only	person	I	could	think	of	who	would	be	able	to	help	me	but	who	also
wouldn’t	judge:	my	mother.
A	 few	 days	 later,	 she	 surprised	 me	 by	 sailing	 into	 town	 on	 a	 twenty-four-hour
birth	 control	 mission,	 taking	 me	 to	 an	 appointment	 she’d	 scheduled	 herself	 at
Planned	 Parenthood.	 I	 was	 very	 grateful,	 as	 I	 knew	 how	 expensive	 her	 airline
ticket	from	L.A.	was	(she	mentioned	it	at	least	three	times).	At	the	same	time,	it
was	a	little	bit	strange	that	she	chose	this,	over	all	the	other	things	in	my	life,	to	be
proactive	 about.	 She	 was	 downright	 giddy	 about	 what	 she	 called	 my	 “rite	 of
passage,”	 yet	 oddly	 never	 once	 asked	 anything	 about	 Caleb.	 It	 was	 as	 if	 he	 was
totally	beside	the	point.	Maybe	she	was	just	that	sexually	liberated.	Or	maybe	she
was	 simply	 trying	 to	 make	 up	 for	 a	 lot	 of	 lost	 years	 and	 missed	 benchmarks.	 Or
maybe	she	liked	the	idea	of	getting	one	over	on	Dad	(that	thought	made	me	feel
guilty).
Regardless,	I	told	myself	it	wasn’t	about	my	mother	or	my	father.	It	was	about
my	decision	to	have	sex—and	what	mattered	was	that	I	was	handling	that	decision
responsibly.	So	after	my	being	on	the	pill	for	the	requisite	seven	days,	Caleb	and	I
had	 sex	 on	 his	 twin	 bed	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 day.	 It	 hurt—a	 lot—and	 the	 whole
bleeding	thing	was	totally	embarrassing	and	disgusting.	But	Caleb	was	really	cool
and	 nice	 about	 everything.	 He	 was	 very	 patient	 and	 went	 really	 slow	 and	 kept
reassuring	 me	 that	 there	 was	 nothing	 gross	 about	 blood,	 adding	 that	 his	 mother
wouldn’t	see	the	sheets	because	he	did	his	own	laundry.	So	even	though	I	wound
up	thinking	the	whole	sex	thing	was	pretty	overhyped,	I	still	considered	my	first
time	a	success	in	that	I	felt	no	regret	and	was	glad	I’d	picked	Caleb.
Over	the	next	month,	we	ended	up	having	sex	eleven	more	times—and	toward
the	 end,	 I	 actually	 thought	 I	 might	 be	 falling	 for	 him.	 But	 then	 we	 went	 back	 to
school,	and	we	both	got	really	busy,	and	we	talked	less	and	less	until	Caleb	started

straight	ghosting	me.	I	was	a	little	hurt,	but	it	was	more	my	pride	than	my	heart,
especially	 when	 I	 discovered	 through	 standard	 social-media	 stalking	 that	 he	 had
gotten	a	legit	girlfriend.	I	got	over	it	pretty	fast,	though,	my	crush	on	Finch	kicking
into	high	gear.
And	now,	as	I	got	in	Finch’s	car	the	morning	after	the	concert,	my	feelings	were
becoming	 really	 intense.	 Like	 way	 more	 than	 I’d	 ever	 felt	 for	 Caleb,	 even	 after
we’d	had	sex	a	dozen	times.	If	anything,	I	think	our	fight	last	night	had	made	me
feel	more	for	Finch.
“Hi,”	I	said,	a	little	out	of	breath	from	frantically	trying	to	get	ready	and	out	the
door	before	my	dad	came	back	from	wherever	he’d	gone.	“We	meet	again.”
It	was	a	lame	thing	to	say,	but	Finch	smiled	and	said,	“Yep.	We	meet	again.”
I	glanced	up	the	street,	then	behind	us	in	the	opposite	direction.
“You	okay?”	Finch	said.
“Yeah.	Just	go,”	I	said	with	a	nervous	laugh,	motioning	for	him	to	drive.	“I	told
my	dad	I	was	studying	with	Grace.”
“Got	it,”	Finch	said,	pulling	away	from	the	curb.	I	did	a	quick	scan	of	his	outfit—
a	 pair	 of	 gray	 Windsor	 sweats,	 a	 T-shirt	 with	 a	 sailboat	 logo	 of	 some	 sort,	 and
Adidas	 slides.	 As	 sharp	 as	 he’d	 looked	 last	 night,	 I	 decided	 he	 looked	 sexier
dressed	down	like	this.
He	 caught	 me	 looking	 at	 him	 and	 shot	 me	 the	 cutest	 smile.	 “What	 are	 you
thinking?”	he	said.
“Nothing,”	I	said,	smiling	back	at	him.	Because	I	really	wasn’t	thinking	much	of
anything.	I	was	too	busy	feeling	things.	All	of	them	good.
As	 we	 drove	 toward	 his	 side	 of	 town,	 he	 turned	 on	 the	 radio,	 then	 shuffled
through	his	playlist,	asking	what	I	wanted	to	listen	to.
“Luke,”	I	said—because	it	felt	like	our	music.	Our	songs.
He	nodded	and	then	played	“Drunk	on	You,”	singing	along	here	and	there.	His
voice	kind	of	sucked,	but	for	some	reason,	it	only	made	me	like	him	more.
There	was	never	much	traffic	in	Nashville	on	Sundays,	especially	during	church
hours,	 so	 within	 a	 few	 more	 songs,	 we	 were	 pulling	 into	 Finch’s	 driveway.	 His
house	was	amazing,	even	bigger	and	more	beautiful	than	Grace’s	or	Beau’s—which
was	saying	a	lot.	I	wasn’t	really	surprised,	as	I	already	knew	he	was	loaded,	but	I
was	still	sort	of	blown	away—and	a	little	intimidated,	too.
We	got	out	of	his	car	and	walked	up	to	his	front	porch,	where	Finch	unlocked
the	 door	 and	 motioned	 for	 me	 to	 go	 in	 first.	 The	 alarm	 started	 to	 go	 off,	 and	 he
turned	and	quickly	punched	a	keypad,	silencing	it.
“So,”	he	said,	closing	the	door.	“What	do	you	want	to	do?”

I	 shrugged,	 looking	 around	 his	 extremely	 fancy	 foyer.	 “Whatever	 you	 want…
Where	are	your	parents	again?”	I	asked,	even	though	he	hadn’t	told	me.
“My	mom’s	in	Bristol,”	Finch	said.	“Her	hometown.”
“She’s	 from	 Bristol?”	 I	 said,	 having	 imagined	 that	 she	 was	 from	 somewhere
more	chic,	like	New	York	or	California.
“Yeah.	She	grew	up	poor,”	he	said	super-matter-of-factly.
“Oh,”	 I	 said,	 wondering	 what	 constituted	 “poor”	 in	 his	 mind	 and	 whether	 I
qualified.	 I	 told	 myself	 it	 didn’t	 matter—and	 that	 I	 should	 stop	 overthinking
things.	“And	your	dad?	Where’s	he?”
“He’s	 coming	 back	 from	 Texas	 today…but	 his	 flight	 doesn’t	 land	 for	 a	 few
hours.”
“Oh.	 Cool,”	 I	 said,	 as	 Finch	 turned	 and	 led	 me	 down	 a	 hallway	 and	 into	 a
gorgeous	white	kitchen.	“Can	I	get	you	a	drink?”
At	first	I	thought	he	meant	alcohol,	but	then	he	clarified	and	said,	“Tea?	Juice?	I
think	we	have	orange	and	grapefruit….Water?”
I	said	water	would	be	good.
“Sparkling	or	still?”	he	said,	a	question	I’d	only	ever	heard	posed	at	a	really	nice
restaurant	Nonna	had	taken	me	to	once.
“Um.	Either.	Still,	I	guess,”	I	said,	as	I	noticed	the	gigantic	slab	of	marble	on	the
kitchen	island,	veins	running	through	it	like	the	lines	in	one	of	my	dad’s	oversize
paper	road	atlases.
Finch	opened	the	door	of	an	enormous	stainless-steel	refrigerator	and	grabbed
two	 bottles	 of	 SmartWater.	 He	 handed	 me	 one,	 then	 paused	 to	 unscrew	 his	 and
take	a	sip.	I	did	the	same,	and	we	swallowed	in	unison,	then	smiled	at	each	other.
“Let’s	go	to	the	basement,”	Finch	said.
I	 said	 okay,	 suddenly	 picturing	 Caleb’s	 unfinished	 basement,	 with	 its	 concrete
floors	 and	 cinder-block	 walls,	 and	 odor	 of	 cat	 litter,	 mildew,	 and	 Clorox.	 I	 knew
Finch’s	 would	 be	 nothing	 like	 that,	 but	 as	 we	 went	 downstairs	 and	 he	 turned	 on
the	 lights,	 I	 almost	 laughed	 out	 loud	 at	 the	 contrast.	 It	 was	 like	 a	 freaking	 hotel
casino—with	a	fully	stocked	bar,	a	pool	table,	several	old-school	videogames	and
pinball	machines,	and	a	huge	leather	sectional	along	with	a	bunch	of	stand-alone
recliners	 all	 positioned	 around	 a	 mammoth	 TV	 that	 looked	 more	 like	 a	 movie
screen.
“Welcome	to	my	man	cave,”	he	said.
“Wow,”	I	said,	too	impressed	to	play	it	cool.	“This	is	incredible.”
He	said	thanks,	flashing	me	a	modest	smile,	then	walked	over	to	the	sofa	and	sat
down,	patting	the	cushion	next	to	him.	I	followed	him	and	took	a	seat,	leaving	only

a	few	inches	between	our	legs.
“You	have	a	favorite	movie?”	he	asked,	grabbing	one	of	three	remotes	from	the
coffee	table	in	front	of	us.	He	flipped	on	the	TV,	then	pulled	up	a	menu	of	movies.
“Not	 really,”	 I	 said,	 my	 mind	 going	 blank	 because	 I	 wasn’t	 thinking	 about
movies.
“Just	 pick	 something.	 Anything,”	 he	 said,	 scrolling	 too	 quickly	 for	 me	 to	 read
the	titles.
I	threw	out	Mean	Girls—because	it	was	the	first	thing	that	popped	into	my	head
—and	within	a	few	seconds,	we	were	watching	the	opening	credits	of	a	movie	I’d
virtually	memorized,	I’d	seen	it	so	many	times.
Finch	put	his	feet	up	on	the	table,	then	grabbed	another	remote,	hitting	a	button
that	turned	off	all	the	lights	at	once,	transforming	the	room	into	a	private	theater.
A	beat	later,	he	slid	down	a	few	inches,	closing	the	gap	between	our	legs.	Then	he
took	 my	 hand,	 his	 entire	 forearm	 resting	 in	 my	 lap.	 It	 was	 so	 comfortable	 and
natural,	yet	my	heart	still	pounded	in	my	chest,	racing	even	harder	as	he	caressed
my	thumb	with	his.
For	a	long	time,	we	stayed	like	that,	my	hand	in	his,	watching	and	laughing.	It
felt	 intimate	 and	 amazing,	 but	 not	 sexual,	 and	 I	 began	 to	 wonder	 if	 maybe	 he
wasn’t	going	to	kiss	me	after	all.	Then,	in	the	middle	of	the	four-way-call	scene—
one	of	my	favorites—he	hit	the	pause	button	and	said,	“These	bitches	remind	me
of	Polly	and	her	friends.”
I	started	to	laugh	but	then	glanced	at	his	face	and	saw	that	his	expression	was
stone	serious,	maybe	even	a	little	pissed.
“Yeah,”	I	said.	“Me,	too.”
I	waited	for	him	to	unpause	the	movie	but	was	glad	when	he	didn’t.	Instead,	he
let	go	of	my	hand,	then	reached	down	for	his	bottle	of	water.	As	he	took	a	sip,	I
knew	what	was	coming,	so	I	took	a	sip	of	mine,	too,	preparing	myself	for	his	next
move.	It	came	smoothly,	in	the	form	of	a	quarter	turn	of	his	body	toward	mine,	his
arm	extending	behind	me,	draping	along	the	back	of	the	sofa.
“Hi,”	he	whispered,	as	I	angled	myself	toward	him,	too.
“Hi,”	I	said	back,	feeling	completely	light-headed.
He	held	my	gaze	for	another	few	seconds,	then	closed	his	eyes,	our	faces	coming
together	 until	 it	 was	 finally	 happening.	 Finch	 was	 kissing	 me.	 And	 I	 was	 kissing
him	back.	It	sounds	so	cheesy	to	call	it	a	dream	come	true,	but	that’s	what	it	was—
something	I	had	imagined	so	many	times	alone	as	I	was	falling	asleep	in	my	bed.
Only	this	was	better.	Because	he	kept	kissing	me,	more	and	more	passionately,
until	we	were	lying	down	beside	each	other,	our	faces	illuminated	only	by	the	light
of	the	frozen	screen.	I	glanced	over	at	it,	and	he	took	that	as	a	hint	to	reach	for	the
remote	and	turn	it	off	altogether.

He	 kissed	 me	 again,	 now	 in	 complete	 darkness,	 then	 rolled	 onto	 his	 back	 and
pulled	 me	 on	 top	 of	 him,	 running	 his	 hands	 under	 my	 shirt	 from	 my	 shoulders
down	 my	 back.	 They	 were	 big	 and	 strong,	 soft	 and	 warm.	 At	 first,	 I	 was	 too
overwhelmed	to	react,	but	then	I	moved	my	hips	in	motion	with	his,	sliding	one
hand	down	the	back	of	his	sweatpants,	touching	the	top	of	his	ass,	as	far	as	I	could
reach.	He	had	such	a	good	body.
We	stayed	in	the	PG-13	zone	for	several	minutes,	before	things	escalated	again
and	he	reached	up	under	my	bra,	unfastening	the	front	closure	after	a	couple	tries.
He	cupped	my	breasts	with	his	palms	and	told	me	how	perfect	they	were.
The	compliment	made	me	feel	bold,	and	I	sat	up	and	took	my	shirt	all	the	way
off,	then	rolled	back	on	top	of	him,	straddling	him	as	he	worked	on	the	button	fly
of	my	jeans.	It	was	taking	too	long,	so	I	finished	the	job	while	he	took	off	his	own
shirt,	 then	 sweats.	 Only	 his	 boxers	 and	 my	 red	 Victoria’s	 Secret	 thong	 were
between	us.	I	was	glad	I’d	worn	it,	just	in	case.
Now	 on	 top	 of	 me,	 he	 reached	 down	 and	 touched	 me	 through	 the	 silk,
whispering	how	good	I	felt,	how	wet	I	was.	Then	he	slid	his	middle	finger	around
the	edges	of	my	thong,	dipping	it	inside	me,	just	a	little	bit.
I	arched	my	back,	raising	my	hips	up	to	his	hand,	both	because	it	felt	good	and
because	it	seemed	like	the	sexy	thing	to	do,	and	I	desperately	wanted	to	be	sexy	for
him.	 I	 fleetingly	 thought	 of	 Polly,	 how	 much	 hotter	 she	 was	 than	 me,	 but	 I
reminded	myself	that	he	wasn’t	this	hard	for	her	or	moaning	her	name	right	now.
“I	want	you,	Lyla,”	he	added.	“I	want	you	so	bad.”
“I	want	you,	too,”	I	said.
“Have	 you…before?”	 Finch	 whispered,	 kissing	 my	 ear,	 his	 breath	 giving	 me
goosebumps	everywhere.
I	hesitated,	then	tried	to	answer	by	reaching	down	and	taking	hold	of	him	with
my	hand.	My	strategy	seemed	to	work	for	a	second,	as	he	made	a	little	groaning
sound.	But	a	second	later,	he	seemed	to	remember	his	question.	“So	you’re	not	a
virgin?”	he	pressed.
“No,”	I	finally	said,	because	I	didn’t	want	to	lie—and	because	I	thought	he	might
stop	if	he	thought	I	was	a	virgin.	And	I	didn’t	want	him	to	stop.

I

left	Julie’s	and	drove	the	three	miles	to	my	parents’	house	around	suppertime
(I	only	called	it	“supper”	when	I	was	back	in	Bristol;	otherwise	it	was	“dinner,”
no	matter	how	casual	or	early).	As	I	pulled	into	our	cul-de-sac,	then	parked	behind
my	dad’s	white	Cadillac	in	the	carport,	I	vowed	to	keep	things	light,	both	because	I
was	 too	 drained	 for	 more	 deep	 conversation	 and	 because	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to
prematurely	worry	them.	But	the	second	I	walked	into	the	house	from	the	garage,
my	mom	started	firing	questions	at	me.
“Is	everything	okay?”	she	said	before	the	door	was	even	closed.
“Everything’s	fine,”	I	said.
“Why	 the	 last-minute	 visit?”	 she	 asked,	 standing	 in	 the	 direct	 path	 of	 the
kitchen.
I	took	a	deep	breath	and	said,	“Because	I	wanted	to	see	you.	And	Julie.	I	had	a
lovely	afternoon	with	her.”	It	probably	wasn’t	the	most	accurate	characterization
of	our	day,	but	it	wasn’t	a	lie	either.
Clearly	Mom	wasn’t	buying	it,	though,	because	she	literally	started	wringing	her
hands—something	 I’d	 never	 seen	 anyone	 actually	 do.	 “What	 are	 Finch	 and	 Kirk
doing	today?”	she	asked,	frowning.
“Kirk’s	coming	back	from	a	business	trip.	He	was	in	Dallas,”	I	said,	hearing	that
woman	saying	honey	again.
“And	Finch?”	Mom	said.
“He	had	to	study…exams	coming	up.”
I	set	my	purse	down	on	the	small	wooden	pew	that	had	been	in	the	back	hallway
adjoining	 the	 laundry	 room,	 powder	 room,	 and	 kitchen	 for	 as	 long	 as	 I	 could
remember.	 It	 was	 where	 my	 brother	 and	 I	 used	 to	 stow	 our	 book	 bags	 and	 rain
boots	and	sporting	equipment.	I	felt	a	pang	of	nostalgia,	a	feeling	I	associated	with
my	mother—one	of	her	defining	traits.	She	was	generally	a	happy	person	but	had	a
tendency	 to	 live	 in	 the	 past,	 making	 frequent	 references	 to	 “when	 you	 kids	 were
little.”
I	 played	 on	 that	 theme	 and	 said,	 “Can’t	 a	 girl	 visit	 her	 parents	 without	 an
inquisition?”

“A	girl	can,”	Mom	said	as	I	navigated	my	way	around	her.	“But	this	one	usually
doesn’t.”
It	was	a	fair	point—my	trips	back	to	Bristol	had	become	few	and	far	between	in
recent	 years,	 usually	 only	 for	 my	 parents’	 birthdays	 or	 a	 major	 holiday.	 And
sometimes	not	even	then.	Occasionally,	I’d	squeeze	a	guilt-induced	weekday	into
the	mix,	but	our	weekends	were	just	too	crammed	with	social	plans.	“Well.	Times
are	a-changing,”	I	said,	thinking	aloud.
“Oh?”	 Mom	 said,	 raising	 her	 eyebrows,	 her	 radar	 really	 going	 off	 now.	 “And
why’s	that?”
“Well,	you	know.	With	Finch	going	off	to	college,”	I	said,	wondering	if	it	would
still	be	Princeton,	“I’ll	have	more	time.”
It	 was	 what	 I	 always	 said	 to	 my	 parents.	 What	 I	 always	 told	 myself	 as	 the
months	and	years	had	flown	by.	As	soon	as	we	get	out	of	this	stage	or	that	stage.
Out	 of	 middle	 school,	 once	 Finch	 can	 drive,	 once	 he	 gets	 into	 college.	 And	 yet
somehow,	life	had	only	gotten	busier,	more	complicated.
“Hey,	whatever	works	for	you,”	Mom	said.	“We’re	just	glad	to	see	you.”
“Yes.	We’re	thrilled	to	see	you,	sweetie,”	Dad	said,	walking	into	the	kitchen	from
the	front	hallway,	giving	me	a	big	hug.	He	was	wearing	one	of	his	fishing	shirts,
even	 though	 he	 didn’t	 fish,	 using	 all	 the	 assorted	 loops	 and	 pockets	 for	 reading
glasses	 or	 writing	 instruments.	 Tonight,	 he	 was	 showcasing	 not	 one	 but	 two
mechanical	pencils.
“You,	too,	Dad,”	I	said,	as	I	inhaled	his	famous	Sloppy	Joes	simmering	on	the
stove.	I	spotted	a	fresh	pack	of	Wonder	hamburger	buns,	the	primary-color	dots
on	 its	 package	 conjuring	 childhood,	 and	 next	 to	 it,	 a	 tinfoil-lined	 baking	 sheet
covered	 with	 thawing	 frozen	 French	 fries.	 I	 noticed	 they	 were	 sweet	 potato,	 my
mom’s	idea	of	gourmet.
Dad	 opened	 a	 bottle	 of	 merlot	 sitting	 amid	 piles	 of	 unopened	 mail	 and	 other
clutter.	The	wine	was	a	new	thing—they	didn’t	really	drink	when	I	was	growing	up
—but	 the	 clutter	 was	 a	 fixture.	 I	 honestly	 didn’t	 know	 how	 they	 ever	 found
anything.
“Would	you	like	a	glass	of	wine?”	Dad	said.
“No,	thanks,”	I	said,	pacing	mindlessly	over	to	the	edge	of	the	kitchen,	looking
into	 the	 family	 room,	 comforted	 by	 the	 sight	 of	 so	 many	 familiar	 knickknacks,
along	 with	 stacks	 of	 magazines	 and	 newspapers	 and	 paperback	 books.	 Though
their	tastes	differed,	my	parents	were	both	big	readers—and	the	presence	of	books
in	every	room	(to	actually	read,	rather	than	simply	display)	was	one	of	the	things	I
really	missed	about	my	childhood	home.
“So	what’s	going	on	with	you?”	I	asked	as	cheerfully	as	I	could,	prompting	Mom
to	 launch	 into	 a	 detailed,	 long-winded	 update	 of	 all	 their	 neighbors	 and	 friends.
The	Joneses	just	got	back	from	a	European	riverboat	cruise—six	countries	in	ten

days!…Mary	 Ellen	 had	 a	 hip	 replacement	 the	 same	 week	 John	 had	 a	 kidney
stone—imagine	that	bad	luck….The	middle	Clay	girl	got	engaged	to	her	longtime
boyfriend….The	 Floyds	 had	 to	 put	 Sassafras	 down….Oh,	 and	 guess	 who	 I	 ran
into	at	the	grocery	store	this	afternoon	and	might	join	us	for	dinner?
I	mentally	flagged	her	final	run-on	question	as	I	glanced	into	the	dining	room
and	saw	that	the	table	was	set	for	four.
“Oh,	God,	Mom.	Who	did	you	invite	to	dinner?”	I	said,	my	mind	ticking	through
all	the	possibilities	of	people	I	did	not	want	to	see.
“Oh.	He’s	not	coming	for	sure,”	she	said.	“But—”
“Who,	Mom?”
“Teddy,”	she	said	with	a	little	shrug.
“As	 in—my	 ex-boyfriend?”	 I	 said,	 knowing	 there	 was	 no	 other	 Teddy	 in	 our
world.
“Yes!”	she	said.	“That	Teddy.”
I	 stared	 at	 her,	 doing	 my	 best	 not	 to	 show	 my	 annoyance	 and	 offset	 all	 the
goodwill	 I’d	 created	 by	 coming	 home.	 “And	 why,	 exactly,	 did	 you	 invite	 Teddy
over?”
“I	told	you.	I	ran	into	him	at	Food	City.”
“And?”	I	said.	“That	just	naturally	segued	into	a	dinner	invitation?”
“More	or	less,”	she	said,	not	seeming	the	slightest	bit	sheepish—which	was	the
most	ridiculous	part.	At	the	very	least	she	could	have	pretended	to	be	apologetic.
“Can	you	explain	that	for	me?”	I	said,	exchanging	a	glance	with	my	dad.
“Sure.	So	I	saw	him	in	the	frozen	vegetable	aisle,”	Mom	said.	“And	I	mentioned
you	 were	 coming	 home….Then	 he	 said	 he	 hadn’t	 seen	 you	 in	 years.	 I	 said	 he
should	 stop	 by	 and	 say	 hello	 if	 he	 was	 free….He	 said	 he	 was—and	 that	 he	 might
just	do	that.”
“That	 doesn’t	 look	 like	 a	 might,”	 I	 said,	 gesturing	 toward	 the	 set	 table.	 “That
looks	like	a	definite.”
“Well,	I	hope	so,”	Mom	said.	“For	his	sake.	He’s	lonely,	Nina.”
“He	 told	 you	 that?”	 I	 asked,	 feeling	 very	 certain	 that	 he	 had	 not.	 Except	 for	 a
pathetic	 type,	 which	 Teddy	 had	 never	 been,	 it	 wasn’t	 the	 kind	 of	 thing	 a	 grown
man	would	offer	up	to	an	ex-girlfriend’s	mother	in	the	aisle	of	a	grocery	store.
“Well,	 not	 specifically.	 But	 I	 could	 just	 tell	 he	 is,”	 she	 said,	 then	 went	 into
further	detail	about	how	she	had	heard,	through	the	grapevine,	that	Kara,	his	exwife,	 had	 remarried	 and	 moved	 to	 Charlotte	 with	 her	 new	 husband.	 “Apparently
he	got	some	big	job.	Teddy’s	brokenhearted.	He	misses	the	boys	so	much.”
I	had	actually	heard	some	of	this	through	Julie,	who	had	represented	Teddy	in	a

very	 straightforward	 divorce	 agreement,	 which	 included	 an	 amicable,	 flexible
custody	 agreement	 and	 a	 clean	 division	 of	 minimal	 assets	 (or,	 as	 the	 case	 might
be,	debt).	Their	split	had	surprised	me,	if	only	because	I’d	heard	that	Kara	was	as
Christian	 as	 Teddy,	 although	 I	 obviously	 knew	 religious	 couples	 divorced,	 too.	 I
hadn’t	 pressed	 Julie	 for	 further	 details,	 knowing	 how	 closely	 she	 guarded	 the
confidentiality	 of	 her	 clients.	 At	 least	 that	 was	 the	 excuse	 I	 made	 to	 myself,	 so	 I
didn’t	 have	 to	 think	 about	 other	 reasons	 that	 the	 subject	 of	 Teddy	 made	 me
uncomfortable.
“How	often	does	he	get	to	see	his	boys?”	I	said,	feeling	grateful	that	Finch	was
the	age	he	was.	Then	again,	maybe	things	would	have	been	different	for	him	if	I
had	made	the	decision	to	leave	Kirk	sooner.
“Not	often.	It’s	a	really	long	drive.	It’s	just	so	sad.”
I	 murmured	 something	 noncommittal	 as	 my	 mother	 continued	 with	 further
unsourced	 rumors	 about	 Teddy’s	 ex-wife’s	 current	 husband.	 She	 finished	 with	 a
long	 sigh	 and	 “Anyway.	 There’s	 nothing	 quite	 as	 sad	 as	 a	 single	 man’s	 grocery
cart.”
I	exchanged	another	look	with	my	dad,	this	one	of	the	smirking	variety	as	Dad
asked,	“Nothing,	Judy?	Really?	Not	war?…Cancer?…Death?”
“You	know	what	I	mean,”	Mom	said.	“All	those	sad	TV	dinners	and	that	lonely
six-pack	of	Corona…I	just	had	to	invite	him.”
I	 cut	 her	 some	 slack	 as	 I	 really	 did	 appreciate	 my	 mom’s	 compassion	 for	 the
down-and-out—whether	 for	 a	 chained-up	 hound	 on	 an	 ASPCA	 commercial	 or	 a
bachelor	in	a	grocery	store.	She	was	proactive	about	her	compassion,	too.	A	giver,
albeit	a	meddling	giver.	I	knew	this	was	just	another	example	of	those	qualities—
and	that	she	wasn’t	trying	to	put	me	in	an	awkward	situation.	I	told	myself	it	really
wasn’t	 that	 awkward	 anyway.	 It	 wasn’t	 as	 if	 we’d	 just	 broken	 up	 or	 either	 of	 us
held	a	candle	for	the	other.	At	least	I	didn’t.	And	I	assumed	Teddy	didn’t,	either;
otherwise	he	probably	would	have	declined	her	invitation.	“I’m	sure	he’ll	be	fine,”
I	said.	“It	never	takes	a	man	long	to	remarry.”
“Yeah.	 Someone	 will	 scoop	 him	 up	 soon,”	 Mom	 continued.	 “He’s	 so	 nicelooking.”
“Maybe	 he’s	 already	 been	 scooped	 up,”	 I	 said,	 thinking	 dinner	 at	 our	 house
didn’t	preclude	a	relationship.	After	all,	I	was	married—and	it	hadn’t	stopped	my
mother.
“No,”	Mom	said,	adamant.	“He’s	definitely	single….Hey!	I	have	an	idea!	Maybe
you	could	set	him	up	with	one	of	your	rich,	divorced	Nashville	friends?”
There	 were	 multiple	 things	 that	 disturbed	 me	 about	 this	 suggestion	 (though	 I
was	surprised	it	had	taken	her	more	than	ten	minutes	to	use	the	word	rich).	“Um,
Dad.	Can	you	help	me	out	here?”
“Judy,”	Dad	said,	shaking	his	head	and	chuckling.	“That’s	a	little	bizarre,	don’t

you	think?	To	assign	Nina	as	matchmaker	for	Teddy?”
“Why	is	it	bizarre?”	Mom	said	as	I	wondered	if	she	was	pretending	to	be	obtuse
—or	actually	was.	It	was	often	a	close	call.
“Well…because…that’s	 like	 me	 setting	 up	 Patty,”	 Dad	 said,	 referring	 to	 his
college	sweetheart,	who	got	way	too	much	airtime.	Not	from	Dad	but	from	Mom,
who	 clung	 to	 her	 jealous	 grudge	 after	 all	 these	 years.	 No	 matter	 that	 she	 had
actually	been	the	one	to	steal	Dad	from	Patty.	No	matter	that	Dad	had	no	contact
with	Patty	whatsoever	(Mom	had	friended	her	on	Facebook).	It	made	no	sense—
and	was	therefore	a	great	source	of	amusement	for	Dad	and	me.
“It’s	not	the	same	thing	at	all,”	Mom	said.
“Oh?	Why	isn’t	it?”	Dad	said.
“Yeah,	Mom,”	I	chimed	in.	“Why	isn’t	it?”
“Because,”	Mom	said,	trying	to	suppress	a	mischievous	grin.	“Patty	is	a	hag.”
Dad	shook	his	head	as	I	burst	into	laughter.	“Oh	my	God,	Mom.	A	hag?	You’re
terrible.”
“I	speak	the	truth,”	Mom	said.	“She	is	a	hag,	and	you	both	know	it.”
“Well,	 put	 out	 another	 place	 setting!”	 I	 said	 in	 the	 voice	 of	 a	 game-show	 host,
complete	with	Bob	Barker–like	gestures.	“Because	guess	what?	I	invited	that	hag
to	dinner!”
“Now	 why	 would	 you	 go	 and	 do	 that?”	 Mom	 said,	 helping	 me	 set	 up	 my	 joke
further.
“Because	 I	 felt	 sorry	 for	 her	 haggedyness.	 Her	 cart	 was	 so	 sad.	 Filled	 with
Entenmann’s	coffee	cake	and	prune	juice.”
Dad	laughed	as	Mom	pretended	to	be	mad—all	part	of	her	anti-Patty	schtick.
“So…what	 time	 ‘might’	 Teddy	 arrive?”	 I	 said,	 glancing	 at	 the	 clock	 on	 the
microwave.
“Six	o’clock,”	she	said	proudly.	“So	any	minute!”
“Ugh.	 I’ll	 be	 right	 back,”	 I	 muttered	 then	 retreated	 to	 the	 back	 hall	 to	 get	 my
purse.	I	ducked	into	the	powder	room	to	brush	my	hair	and	touch	up	my	makeup.
It	wasn’t	that	I	specifically	wanted	to	look	good	for	Teddy;	it	was	something	I’d	do
for	any	guest,	particularly	someone	I	hadn’t	seen	in	several	years.	A	simple	matter
of	pride.
The	doorbell	rang	as	I	was	returning	to	the	kitchen.
“You	should	get	it,”	Mom	said.
“Why	should	I	get	it?	You’re	the	one	who	invited	him.”
“Nina,”	my	mom	said,	her	voice	rising	in	a	warning.	“Be	nice.”

I	sighed,	then	went	to	the	door,	trying	to	remember	the	last	time	I’d	seen	Teddy,
deciding	it	would	be	our	first	topic	of	conversation.	An	icebreaker,	if	you	will.
“Hi,	Teddy,”	I	said,	swinging	open	the	screen	door	and	smiling	at	a	middle-aged
stranger	who,	but	for	those	ice-blue	eyes,	bore	little	resemblance	to	the	boy	I	used
to	 date.	 Don’t	 get	 me	 wrong—it’s	 not	 that	 he	 looked	 bad.	 He	 was	 still	 in	 decent
shape—or	 at	 least	 hadn’t	 gained	 much	 weight—perhaps	 a	 function	 of	 being	 tall
and	having	an	active	profession	as	a	police	officer.	His	hairline	had	receded	more
than	I’d	expected,	but	with	a	strong	jaw	and	a	nice-shaped	head,	he	could	pull	it
off.	If	anything,	I	thought	he	looked	a	little	better	now,	having	finally	shed	his	awshucks	boyishness.
“Hi,	 Nina,”	 he	 said,	 looking	 and	 sounding	 uneasy.	 “I’m	 sorry	 about	 this.	 Your
mom	wouldn’t	take	no	for	an	answer.”
I	laughed	and	rolled	my	eyes,	saying,	“Believe	me,	I	know.”	Then,	worrying	that
my	statement	might	have	come	off	as	rude,	I	leaned	in	and	gave	him	a	quick	hug.
“It’s	really	good	to	see	you	again,”	I	said.
“You,	too,”	Teddy	said,	giving	me	a	big	smile,	which	instantly	transformed	him
back	 to	 his	 old	 teenage	 self.	 Too	 sweet	 for	 me,	 I	 thought,	 thinking	 of	 all	 the	 Boy
Scout	clichés	that	had	defined	his	character	because	they	were	things	he	actually
did.	 How	 whenever	 he	 found	 a	 spider	 in	 the	 house,	 he’d	 catch	 it	 in	 a	 container,
setting	 it	 free	 outside.	 How	 he	 had	 shoveled	 snow	 for	 the	 old	 lady	 on	 his	 street
without	 charging	 her—or	 even	 taking	 credit	 for	 it.	 How	 he	 never	 cussed,	 using
ridiculous	substitute	words	like	dagnabbit	and	jackwagon.	How	he	prayed	before
every	meal,	including	breakfast	and	lunch,	but	did	it	quickly	and	discreetly	so	as
not	to	make	anyone	uncomfortable.	He	was	sort	of	the	opposite	of	Kathie,	come	to
think	of	it.	Pure	of	heart	without	any	showiness.
“So,	it’s	been	a	while,”	I	said,	as	I	led	him	into	the	kitchen.
“Sure	has,”	he	replied,	then	exchanged	robust	hellos	with	Dad,	the	two	of	them
shaking	hands	with	a	simultaneous	back	clap.
“Good	to	see	you,	buddy,”	Dad	said	as	my	mother	descended	upon	Teddy,	giving
him	 an	 embrace	 that	 looked	 more	 like	 the	 kind	 you’d	 give	 a	 relative	 who’d	 just
returned	from	Afghanistan	than	like	the	way	you’d	greet	your	daughter’s	ancienthistory	ex-boyfriend.
“It’s	been	since	our	ten-year,	right?”	I	said,	milking	the	topic,	remembering	that
I’d	missed	our	twentieth	reunion	for	Melanie’s	fortieth-birthday	trip	to	St.	Barths,
a	 source	 of	 slight	 contention	 with	 Julie,	 who	 had	 wanted	 me	 to	 press	 Mel	 for	 a
date	 change.	 It	 was	 one	 of	 the	 rare	 times	 I	 disagreed	 with	 Julie,	 insisting	 to	 her
that	benchmark	birthdays	of	close	friends	trumped	school	reunions.
Teddy	 shook	 his	 head.	 “No.	 I’ve	 seen	 you	 since	 then….Remember?	 At	 Cootie
Brown’s	a	few	years	back?”
“That’s	 right,”	 I	 said,	 remembering	 the	 brief	 encounter	 we’d	 had	 at	 one	 of	 the

most	 popular	 barbecue	 restaurants	 in	 town.	 I	 think	 I’d	 been	 back	 to	 see	 Julie’s
girls’	ballet	recital.	Regardless,	Teddy	had	been	with	his	wife	and	sons,	and	they’d
all	 seemed	 happy.	 I	 remembered	 feeling	 vaguely	 embarrassed	 for	 him.	 I	 think	 it
must	have	had	something	to	do	with	his	still	living	in	Bristol,	still	going	to	Cootie
Brown’s.	For	some	reason,	I	made	an	exception	for	Julie,	as	I	knew	her	worldview
was	constantly	evolving	and	that	no	part	of	her	mindset	ever	felt	provincial.
“When	 was	 that,	 anyway?”	 I	 asked,	 trying	 to	 distract	 Teddy	 from	 my	 mother’s
awkward,	trancelike	beaming.	“Four	or	five	years	ago,	right?”
“Six,	actually,”	he	quickly	replied,	then	hesitated	and	added,	“It	was	right	after
my	brother	had	his	first	kid.”
“How	are	they	doing?”	I	asked.
“Good.	Great.	They	had	another	baby.	A	girl.”
“That’s	 great,”	 I	 said	 as	 Mom,	 slipping	 on	 her	 oven	 mitts	 to	 check	 her	 fries,
chimed	 in	 with	 “I	 saw	 photos	 of	 her	 on	 Facebook.	 Quite	 the	 head	 of	 red	 hair!
Which	side	does	she	get	that	from,	anyway?”
“Dad’s	side,”	Teddy	said.	“His	mother—my	grandma—had	red	hair.”
Mom	 closed	 the	 oven	 but	 kept	 her	 mitts	 on,	 pointing	 at	 Teddy	 with	 one.	 It
looked	like	a	foam	hand	from	a	sporting	event.	“You	know	what?	I	bet	the	two	of
you	would	have	had	redheads,”	she	said,	then	glanced	at	me.	“It	runs	on	my	side,
too,	you	know….”
“Wow,	 Mom,”	 I	 said	 under	 my	 breath	 as	 Teddy’s	 ears	 and	 cheeks	 turned	 a
bright	pink.	I’d	forgotten	how	easily	he	blushed.
“Well,	he	was	almost	my	son-in-law,”	she	announced,	making	it	even	worse.
Dad	chuckled	and	said,	“Sorry,	Teddy.	I’m	sure	you	recall	that	my	wife	lacks	a
filter.”
“Yes,	sir.	I	actually	do	remember	that	about	my	almost	mother-in-law,”	Teddy
replied	with	a	wink.
None	 of	 us	 had	 expected	 this	 joke—at	 least	 I	 hadn’t—and	 I	 laughed	 out	 loud,
feeling	 myself	 relax.	 Teddy	 seemed	 to	 loosen	 up,	 too,	 going	 on	 to	 ask	 about	 my
brother.
“What’s	Max	up	to	these	days?”	he	said.
“He’s	still	living	in	New	York,”	Mom	said.	“Still	single.”
Teddy	nodded	and	smiled.
“Can	I	get	you	a	drink,	Teddy?”	I	said,	opening	the	fridge	to	find	a	six-pack	of
Corona,	clearly	purchased	after	my	mom	took	note	of	his	cart	contents.	Quite	the
thoughtful	touch.
“Sure,”	he	said.	“If	you’re	having	one.”

I	hadn’t	planned	on	it	but	took	two	bottles	out,	putting	them	on	the	counter	as	I
washed	my	hands	and	then	took	a	lime	from	our	always-stocked	fruit	bowl.	(Mom
tried	to	make	up	for	her	lackluster	cooking	with	a	bounty	of	fresh	produce.)
As	I	listened	to	her	grill	Teddy	about	all	the	latest	crimes	in	town,	I	sliced	the
lime	 into	 wedges,	 picked	 the	 two	 best,	 and	 tucked	 them	 into	 the	 tops	 of	 the
bottles.
“Cheers,”	I	said,	holding	up	my	beer	as	I	handed	him	the	other.
Teddy	smiled	back	at	me,	tapping	the	neck	of	his	bottle	against	mine,	and	said,
“To	reunions.”
“And	Sunday	supper,”	I	added,	as	we	both	plunged	the	limes	into	our	beers	and
took	long	sips.
Mom	sighed	a	loud,	wistful	sigh	and	said	to	Dad,	as	if	we	couldn’t	hear,	“Those
two…they	were	always	so	cute	together.”
—
SUPPER	 TURNED	 OUT	 to	be	stress-free,	even	pleasant,	the	topics	flowing	easily	from
Bristol	 happenings	 to	 larger	 current	 events,	 including	 politics,	 one	 of	 Dad’s
favorite	subjects.	Everyone	stayed	calm	and	unusually	neutral,	as	I	realized	that	I
had	no	clue	about	Teddy’s	political	leanings.	On	paper,	I	would	have	guessed	he
was	a	Republican,	but	I	couldn’t	recall	a	single	conversation	I’d	ever	had	with	him
about	politics.
Then,	 right	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 meal	 we	 all	 simultaneously	 ran	 out	 of	 topics,
creating	an	awkward	silence	and	a	frightening	vacuum	for	my	mother	to	fill.
“So,”	 she	 began,	 rising	 to	 the	 occasion.	 “How	 is	 Kirk?	 You	 haven’t	 mentioned
him	at	all.”
On	the	surface,	it	was	a	fine	question,	but	I	could	tell	by	her	expression	that	it
was	loaded	and	at	least	partially	merlot-induced.
“He’s	fine,”	I	said,	then	imprudently	added,	“I	guess.”
She	seized	on	my	hesitation.	“You	guess?”	she	said.
“He’s	been	in	Dallas,”	I	said.
“Doing	what?”
“Just…business-type	stuff,”	I	said,	sounding	either	cagey	or	dim-witted.
“Hmmm.	He	sure	does	travel	a	lot	lately,”	Mom	said,	as	I	caught	Dad	shooting
her	 a	 look.	 I	 think	 Teddy	 must	 have	 noticed	 it,	 too,	 because	 he	 conspicuously
glanced	away.
“Right.	Well.	Maybe	you’re	onto	something	there,	Mom,”	I	said,	throwing	her	a
curveball.

She	looked	a	little	stunned—or	maybe	just	confused.	“What	does	that	mean?”
I	 hesitated,	 thinking	 of	 all	 the	 ways	 I	 could	 change	 the	 subject,	 then	 made	 a
spur-of-the-moment	 decision	 that	 I	 was	 finished	 with	 small	 talk	 and	 surface
conversation	and	diversions	and	lies	of	any	kind,	no	matter	how	small.	At	least	for
right	 now,	 as	 I	 sat	 at	 my	 parents’	 dining	 room	 table,	 with	 a	 kind	 man	 who	 had
once	loved	me,	and	who	still	prayed	to	God	before	supper.
“It	means,”	I	finally	said,	gathering	strength	I	didn’t	know	I	had,	“I	am	filing	for
divorce.”

S

o	it	actually	happened.	I	had	sex	with	Finch.	He	would	forever	be	the	second
person	on	my	list.	The	act	itself	lasted	only	a	couple	of	minutes,	but	that	was
okay.	I	think	I	actually	preferred	it	on	the	quicker	side—at	least	for	our	first	time.
For	one,	there	was	absolutely	no	mistaking	how	turned	on	he	was.	For	another,	it
got	us	to	my	favorite	part	faster—which	was	just	lying	there	together	in	the	dark,
feeling	his	chest	rise	and	fall	against	mine.
“Wow,	that	was	good,”	he	finally	said,	running	his	fingers	through	my	hair.
“Yeah,”	I	murmured,	more	thrilled	with	every	passing	second.
“I’m	sorry	it	was	so…quick,”	he	said—which	I	thought	was	really	sweet	of	him.
“No.	It	was	great,”	I	said.	“It	was	perfect.”
“Your	body	is	perfect,”	he	said,	kissing	the	top	of	my	head.
The	 compliment	 melted	 me,	 but	 before	 I	 could	 thank	 him,	 we	 heard	 the
basement	door	open	and	a	woman’s	voice.
“Finch?”	 she	 said,	 as	 light	 spilled	 down	 the	 steps,	 illuminating	 our	 bodies,
reminding	me	of	just	how	naked	we	were.
We	both	jumped,	then	froze.	Finch	put	one	finger	to	his	lips,	instructing	me	not
to	make	a	sound.	I	responded	with	a	telepathic	blink,	praying	that	the	door	would
close.	After	an	agonizing	few	seconds,	it	did,	darkness	hiding	us	once	again.
“Hurry.	 Get	 dressed,”	 Finch	 whispered,	 as	 we	 both	 bolted	 upright,	 frantically
searching	for	our	clothes.	One	of	his	elbows	jabbed	me	in	the	side,	and	I	could	feel
fluid	running	out	of	me,	down	my	leg,	but	those	were	the	least	of	my	concerns.
“I	 can’t	 see!”	 I	 said	 when	 I	 realized	 I	 was	 about	 to	 put	 on	 his	 shirt	 instead	 of
mine.
“Hold	on,”	Finch	said,	producing	his	phone	from	somewhere,	then	panning	the
lit	 screen	 around	 the	 sofa	 area	 as	 we	 gathered	 our	 things	 and	 dressed	 in	 about
twenty	seconds.
“I	thought	you	said	she	went	to	Bristol,”	I	said,	feeling	grateful	that	Finch	hadn’t
lasted	any	longer	than	he	had.
“Um,	yeeeah,	Lyla.	That	wasn’t	my	mom,”	Finch	said.

“It	wasn’t?”
“No.”
“Who	was	it?”	I	asked,	although	I	suddenly	knew,	placing	her	voice.
“Polly,”	he	confirmed,	now	scrolling	through	his	text	messages.
“Is	she	still	here?”	I	asked.
“How	should	I	know?”	he	said,	sounding	a	little	harsh.
I	 couldn’t	 tell	 if	 he	 was	 annoyed	 at	 me	 for	 asking	 a	 stupid	 question	 or	 simply
pissed	at	Polly	and	the	situation,	but	I	said	I	was	sorry,	just	in	case.
“It’s	not	your	fault.	It’s	her	fault.	She’s	a	psycho	coming	over	here	like	this.	And
why	are	we	hiding?	This	is	my	house.”	Then	he	stood	up	and	said,	“Come	on.	Let’s
go.”
“Okay,”	I	said,	only	because	it	seemed	to	be	the	answer	he	wanted.	Then	I	stood
up	and	trailed	behind	him	as	he	charged	up	the	stairs.	But	as	he	turned	the	corner,
I	stopped,	just	in	time	to	hear	her	shriek.
“Oh	 my	 God,	 Finch!”	 she	 said.	 “You	 scared	 the	 shit	 out	 of	 me!	 What	 are	 you
doing?”
“What	am	I	doing?”	Finch	yelled	back	at	her.	“You’re	the	one	who	broke	into	my
house!”
“I	didn’t	break	in.	The	door	was	unlocked….”
“That	doesn’t	mean	you	can	just	barge	in.”
“I	saw	your	car.”
“So?”
“I	thought	maybe	something	was	wrong.	You	wouldn’t	return	my	calls	or	texts,”
she	said,	her	voice	sounding	whiny	and	desperate.	“I	thought	maybe	you’d	gotten
carbon	monoxide	poisoning	or	something.”
I	rolled	my	eyes,	thinking,	Yeah	right.
“Don’t	be	ridiculous,”	he	said.
“Why	wouldn’t	you	answer	your	phone?	Or	text	me	back?”
“Because,”	he	said.	“I’m	busy.”
“Doing	what?”	she	demanded.
“Watching	a	movie.”
“A	movie?”	she	said,	as	I	could	hear	in	her	voice	the	accusation	that	was	about
to	come.	“Are	you	alone?	Is	there	someone	downstairs	with	you?	Is	Lyla	here?”
It	was	horrifying	to	hear	my	name,	yet	also	somehow	validating,	especially	as	I
processed	the	jealousy	in	her	voice.	Polly	was	jealous	of	me.

And	then	it	got	more	surreal.	Because	then	Finch	said,	“Yep.	She	sure	is.	Hey,
Lyla?”	He	belted	out	my	name.	“Come	on	up!	Polly	wants	to	say	hello.”
It	 was	 my	 cue	 to	 frantically	 retreat,	 but	 Polly	 was	 too	 quick	 for	 me,	 whipping
around	the	corner	and	staring	right	into	my	eyes.	Later,	I	would	process	that	my
first	and	most	immediate	thought	was	that	she’d	done	a	shitty	contouring	job,	her
makeup	 way	 too	 dark	 for	 her	 complexion,	 likely	 in	 an	 attempt	 to	 cover	 up	 her
freckles,	 which	 I’d	 heard	 she	 hated.	 But	 my	 second	 and	 more	 dominant	 thought
was,	Oh	shit,	she’s	going	to	cry.
Sure	enough,	she	burst	into	hysterical	tears,	returning	to	the	kitchen,	where	she
and	Finch	began	to	scream	at	each	other.
“First	the	concert	and	now	this?”	she	shouted.	“How	could	you	do	this	to	me?”
“We’re	broken	up,	Polly,”	he	said,	words	that	filled	me	with	relief.	Not	that	I’d
doubted	his	story,	but	it	was	still	good	to	hear	confirmation.	They	were	broken	up;
I	hadn’t	just	slept	with	another	girl’s	boyfriend.
“I	want	you	back.”
“No.”
“Please,	Finch.	Just	talk	to	me.”
“No.	You	need	to	leave,	Polly.	Now.”
“But	I	love	you,”	she	sobbed.	“And	I	know	you	love	me,	too.”
“No,”	he	said,	his	voice	ice	cold.	“I	don’t,	Polly.	Now	get	out.”
At	that	point,	I	started	to	feel	a	little	bit	sorry	for	her—which	sucked	because	I
wanted	to	just	hate	her.	I	told	myself	not	to	be	fooled.	To	remember	what	she	had
done	to	me.	Then,	as	if	refreshing	my	memory,	I	heard	her	voice	turn	from	pitiful
to	cruel	as	she	screamed,	You	can’t	possibly	actually	like	that	pathetic	slut?	And	if
that	 weren’t	 bad	 enough,	 she	 added	 some	 really	 colorful	 stuff	 about	 how	 I’d
probably	give	him	an	STD	and	try	to	get	pregnant	on	purpose	so	I	could	get	some
of	his	money.
I	 forced	 myself	 to	 stop	 listening	 at	 that	 point,	 focusing	 only	 on	 my	 breathing,
fighting	back	tears,	convincing	myself	how	absolutely	ludicrous	her	charges	were.
I’d	 never	 had	 an	 STD,	 and	 the	 last	 thing	 in	 the	 world	 I	 wanted	 was	 to	 get
pregnant.	 I	 didn’t	 like	 Finch	 for	 his	 money—I	 didn’t	 want	 his	 money	 at	 all.	She
had	me	all	wrong.	She	knew	nothing	 about	 me.	 And	 I	 had	 no	 reason	 to	 feel	 bad
about	myself.
So	why	then,	I	wondered,	long	after	Finch	had	gotten	rid	of	her	and	then	driven
me	home,	profusely	apologizing	all	the	way,	did	I	feel	so	ashamed?	Like	maybe	she
was	right,	and	I	actually	was	a	little	bit	of	a	slut?

A

fter	 a	 cursory	 kitchen	 cleanup	 (Mom	 always	 insists	 we	 leave	 the	 dishes	 for
later),	I	excuse	myself	to	check	my	phone.	There	is	a	text	from	Kirk	that	came
in	 while	 we	 were	 eating,	 saying	 simply:	 I’m	 home.	 Finch	 says	 you’re	 in	 Bristol?	 I	 don’t
answer	 it.	 I	 then	 check	 my	 voicemail,	 finding	 a	 lone	 message	 from	 Melanie.	 Her
tone	 is	 frantic	 and	 dramatic,	 as	 she	 gives	 me	 a	 convoluted	 report	 about	 hearing
from	 Kathie,	 who	 heard	 from	 her	 daughter,	 who	 heard	 from	 someone	 else,	 that
there	had	been	some	sort	of	“Lyla-Polly	showdown”	at	our	house	this	afternoon.
“Lovely,”	I	say	aloud,	contemplating	what	to	do.
Instead	of	calling	Melanie	back,	or	trying	to	reach	Finch	to	get	to	the	bottom	of
things,	I	realize	my	only	concern	is	for	Lyla.	So	at	the	risk	of	being	a	tattletale,	I
text	Tom:	 I’m	 not	 sure	 if	 you’re	 aware,	 but	 I	 have	 good	 reason	 to	 believe	 our	 kids	 have	 been	 spending
time	 together….I	 believe	 they	 went	 to	 a	 concert	 last	 night,	 and	 I	 understand	 from	 Melanie	 (and	 the	 usual
rumor	mill)	that	Lyla	was	at	our	house	today.	I’m	in	Bristol	at	my	parents’	and	don’t	believe	Kirk	was	home,
either.	Although	we	do	not	have	a	rule	against	girls	being	over	when	we’re	not	home	(we	should!),	I	did	not
give	Finch	permission	to	invite	Lyla	over,	and	something	tells	me	you	did	not	grant	yours,	either.	I	also	heard
that	there	was	a	situation	with	Finch’s	ex-girlfriend,	Polly,	coming	over	and	confronting	Lyla.	Details	unclear
and	 very	 possibly	 blown	 out	 of	 proportion,	 but	 given	 everything,	 I	 felt	 it	 was	 the	 right	 thing	 to	 share	 this
information	with	you.	I’ll	be	home	tomorrow,	but	feel	free	to	call	me	tonight.	I’m	sorry.	Again.

I	wait	a	moment,	hoping	for	a	response,	relieved	when	I	get	it:	 She	did	not	have	my
permission.	Thank	you	for	letting	me	know.	I’ll	talk	to	her	and	be	in	touch.

Feeling	sick,	but	deciding	there	is	nothing	more	I	can	do	for	now	(and	that	there
is	certainly	no	point	in	trying	to	enlist	Kirk’s	assistance),	I	put	my	phone	back	in
my	purse.	Then	I	join	Teddy	and	my	parents,	who	have	retired	to	our	back	porch.
Mom	is	serving	her	signature	Pepperidge	Farm	mint	Milano	cookies	with	glasses
of	 crème	 de	 menthe.	 I	 can	 see	 Teddy	 has	 declined	 the	 sweet	 nightcap	 and	 is
sticking	with	his	Corona.
As	I	take	the	only	free	seat,	on	the	sofa	next	to	Teddy,	I	have	the	distinct	feeling
they	have	been	discussing	me.
“What	did	I	miss?”	I	say.
“Oh,	nothing,	really,”	Dad	says.	“Is	everything	okay	at	home?”
We	all	hear	that	it’s	a	rather	ridiculous	question—so	I	smile	and	say,	“No	worse
than	usual!”
“Are	you	sure	you	don’t	want	to	talk	about	it?”	Mom	says.

After	 dropping	 my	 bomb	 and	 accepting	 their	 condolences,	 I’d	 insisted	 that	 I
would	be	fine	and	that	it	was	all	for	the	best.	I’d	even	tossed	in	the	glib	but	often
true	statement	It	is	what	it	is.
“Yes,	 I’m	 sure.	 Not	 tonight,”	 I	 say,	 desperate	 for	 an	 emotional	 escape.	 “Why
don’t	you	just	tell	us	some	stories?”
You	never	have	to	ask	my	mother	twice.
She	launches	into	a	long,	rambling	story	about	my	brother	and	me	trying	to	get
“lost”	 in	 the	 woods	 on	 a	 family	 vacation	 so	 we	 could	 be	 like	 Bobby	 and	 Cindy
Brady.	 She	 then	 finishes	 by	 saying,	 “That	 was	 back	 when	 Nina	 was	 willing	 to	 go
camping.	These	days	her	idea	of	roughing	it	is	a	Comfort	Inn	or	Hilton	Garden.”
She	 laughs,	 then	 looks	 at	 me	 and	 adds,	 “Though	 come	 to	 think	 of	 it,	 I	 bet	 you
wouldn’t	do	those,	either!”
“Stop	it,”	I	say,	feeling	defensive.	“I’ve	stayed	at	my	share	of	Comfort	Inns	and
Hilton	Gardens.”
“In	the	last	few	years?”	she	says.
“Absolutely,”	I	say,	pleased	that	it’s	actually	the	truth,	although	I	don’t	offer	that
it	 only	 happens	 when	 Finch	 plays	 basketball	 in	 remote	 rural	 locations	 and	 I
literally	have	no	other	choice.	Nor	do	I	confess	that	I’ve	been	known	to	pack	my
own	pillow	and	linens.
“Well,	you	definitely	haven’t	gone	camping	in	the	last	twenty	years,”	Mom	says,
as	 it	 occurs	 to	 me	 that	 she	 may	 be	 nostalgic	 not	 only	 for	 the	 “good	 ol’	 days”	 but
also	 for	 the	 old	 me.	 “Other	 than	 glamping!”	 she	 adds,	 shaking	 her	 head	 with
something	approaching	glee.
“Glamping?	 As	 in	 ‘glamorous	 camping’?”	 Teddy	 asks,	 clearly	 as	 amused	 as
Mom.
“Bingo!”	Mom	says	as	the	two	laugh.	Even	Dad	smiles.
“That’s	a	real	thing?”	Teddy	asks	me.
Mom	answers	for	me,	“Yes!	In	Montana.	Right,	Nina?”
“Right,”	 I	 mumble,	 grateful	 that	 she	 doesn’t	 also	 remember	 our	 glamping
excursions	in	Big	Sur	and	Tanzania.
“And,	 Teddy,	 you	 should	 see	 these	 ‘tents,’ ”	 Mom	 says,	 making	 big	 air	 quotes.
“Plumbing,	heat…even	heated	floors!	Fanciest	tents	you’ve	ever	seen!”
I	can’t	tell	if	she’s	calling	me	out	or	bragging—but	she	has	the	same	look	on	her
face	she	gets	whenever	she	asks	me	how	much	I	paid	for	something.	I	know	this	is
none	of	my	business,	she	always	starts.	But	how	much	did	this	set	you	back?
“Subject	change,	please,	Mom,”	I	say,	abrasiveness	creeping	into	my	voice.
Mom’s	smile	quickly	fades	as	she	gives	me	a	sincere	under-her-breath	apology,

knowing	she	went	a	little	too	far.
“No,	 I’m	 sorry,”	 I	 say,	 regretting	 being	 so	 sensitive	 and	 dampening	 the	 jovial
moment.	I	really	need	to	lighten	up.	After	all,	it’s	not	a	big	secret	that	my	life	has
changed—and	 that	 that	 change	 has	 a	 lot	 to	 do	 with	 money.	 “It’s	 just	 a	 little
embarrassing….”
“You	shouldn’t	be	embarrassed,”	Mom	says.	“I	think	it’s	wonderful	that	you’ve
had	so	many	neat	experiences.”
“Me,	too,”	Teddy	says,	nodding.
“Me	three,”	Dad	chimes	in.
“Yeah.	I’ve	been	lucky.	In	some	ways,”	I	say.	It’s	a	reference	to	Kirk,	and	I	can
tell	that	at	least	Mom	picks	up	on	it.
“Yes.	Nobody	has	the	‘perfect	life,’ ”	she	says.
“True,”	Teddy	agrees.	“There	are	pros	and	cons	to	everything.	Every	life.”
I	nod.
“I	mean,	I	hate	that	my	boys	aren’t	with	me	full-time	since	the	divorce,”	Teddy
says.	 “It	 stinks	 that	 they	 live	 in	 Charlotte.	 But…”	 He	 pauses,	 as	 I	 wonder	 where
he’s	going.	What	the	pros	to	this	situation	could	possibly	be.	“They’re	in	this	fancy
private	school	getting	a	really	good	education.	An	opportunity	they	wouldn’t	have
had	 here.	 Not	 to	 knock	 Vance	 and	 Tennessee,”	 he	 says,	 referring	 to	 the	 local
middle	 and	 high	 schools	 that	 we	 attended	 and	 where	 Julie’s	 kids	 go	 now.	 “But
Charlotte	Country	Day	is	way	better.	I	could	never	have	afforded	a	school	like	that.
But	 their	 stepfather	 can.	 And	 he	 is	 happily	 paying	 for	 every	 dime.	 It’s	 a	 silver
lining,	for	sure.	You	can	always	find	one	if	you	look	hard	enough.”
“I	really	hope	so,”	I	say.
Suddenly	 my	 mom	 announces	 that	 it’s	 past	 their	 bedtime,	 but	 that	 “you	 kids”
should	 keep	 catching	 up.	 Teddy	 looks	 as	 if	 he’s	 going	 to	 announce	 his	 own
departure,	so	I	quickly	intervene.	“One	more	beer?”
I’m	not	sure	whether	I	actually	want	him	to	stay—or	just	want	to	avoid	a	divorce
talk	with	Mom,	but	I	am	happy	when	he	says,	“Sure.	One	more.”
As	 my	 parents	 and	 Teddy	 stand	 to	 hug	 goodbye,	 I	 go	 to	 the	 fridge	 and	 grab	 a
Corona.	 While	 I’m	 putting	 in	 the	 lime,	 my	 parents	 walk	 into	 the	 kitchen	 behind
me.
“You	okay,	sweetie?”	Mom	says,	as	she	initiates	a	hug.
“Yes.	 I	 promise,”	 I	 say,	 hugging	 her	 back.	 “We	 can	 talk	 all	 about	 it	 in	 the
morning.”
“Okay.	 Or	 come	 get	 me	 if	 you	 can’t	 sleep,”	 Mom	 says,	 the	 way	 she	 did	 when	 I
was	little.	“Are	you	staying	here	or	with	Julie?”

“Here,”	I	say.	“I	just	have	to	get	my	bag	out	of	the	car.”
“I’ll	get	it,”	Dad	says.
“Thank	you,”	I	say,	feeling	a	wave	of	love	for	my	father.	For	both	of	them.
“Anything	else	you	need?”	Mom	asks.
I	shake	my	head.	“No,	thanks….I’m	just	really	glad	I’m	here.”
“We	are,	too,”	Dad	says.
As	I	nod,	collect	Teddy’s	beer,	and	head	back	toward	the	porch,	I	can	feel	Mom
watching	me.	“Have	fun,”	she	says	a	little	too	eagerly.	“You	never	know	what	could
—”
“Don’t	say	it,	Mom,”	I	cut	her	off,	glancing	over	my	shoulder.
But	 she	 says	 it	 anyway,	 a	 goofy	 grin	 on	 her	 face.	 “Well,	 it	 could	happen….You
and	Teddy,	after	all	these	years.”
—
“I	 FORGOT	 HOW	 awesome	 your	 parents	 are,”	 Teddy	 says	 when	 I	 get	 back	 to	 the

porch,	this	time	sitting	across	from	him.
“Yeah.	 My	 mom’s	 a	 little	 nuts,	 though,”	 I	 say.	 No	 matter	 how	 much	 you	 don’t
like	your	son-in-law,	and	I	suspect	that	it	may	be	a	great	deal	in	her	case,	normal
people	just	don’t	say	something	like	that	on	the	same	evening	their	daughter	tells
them	she’s	getting	a	divorce.	Then	again,	my	mom	clearly	isn’t	normal.	For	better
or	worse.
“She	 cracks	 me	 up,”	 Teddy	 says,	 chuckling	 to	 himself.	 “Always	 has.	 No	 filter.
And	I	just	love	how	she	calls	you	out.”
“Oh,	really?”	I	say,	smiling	back	at	him.	“And	why	do	you	love	that?”
“Because.	She	puts	you	in	your	place.”
“Yeah.	But	there’s	a	lot	of	hyperbole	with	her,	too.”
“Really?”	 Teddy	 raises	 his	 eyebrows,	 then	 takes	 a	 sip	 of	 beer.	 “So	 you	 don’t
actually	glamp?”	I	can	tell	he’s	suppressing	a	smile.
“Oh,	stop	it,”	I	say,	as	it	occurs	to	me	that	he’s	probably	a	little	more	clever	than
I’ve	given	him	credit	for.
“You	know	I’m	teasing	you,”	he	says.
“Yeah.	But	you	think	I’m	a	snob,”	I	say.
“Think?”	Teddy	grins.	“Shoot.	I	know	you	are.”
I	 say	 his	 name	 in	 a	 whiny	 voice,	 the	 sound	 of	 it	 putting	 me	 right	 back	 in	 high
school.

“Let’s	put	it	this	way,”	Teddy	says,	as	I	hold	my	breath.	“You	definitely	like	the
finer	things	in	life.”	He	speaks	slowly,	as	if	choosing	his	words	diplomatically,	but
I	still	hear	a	euphemism	for	materialism.
I	 must	 look	 embarrassed	 because	 he	 adds,	 “Hey—I	 get	 it.	 I’d	 drive	 an	 Aston
Martin	if	I	could.”
I	smile,	comforted	by	this	admission.
“And	anyway…I	know	you’re	a	good	person,	Nina,”	he	says.
I’m	 not	 sure	 whether	 this	 statement	 is	 true,	 but	 I	 believe	 in	 this	 moment	 that
Teddy	thinks	it	is,	and	hearing	it	heals	my	heart	a	little.	More	important,	it	gives
me	hope	for	the	son	I’ve	raised.
“Thank	you,	Teddy,”	I	say.
He	nods	as	we	stare	at	each	other	for	a	few	seconds.	Then	he	says,	“I’m	really
sorry	 about	 your	 marriage….Divorce	 is	 hard….It’s	 a	 little	 bit	 like	 death…or…a
house	burning	down	to	the	ground.”
I	give	him	a	sad	smile,	digesting	the	analogy.	“Yeah.	I	haven’t	really	processed	it
yet,	but	I	know	it	will	be	difficult.”
“And	 just	 to	 warn	 you?	 It’ll	 probably	 get	 a	 lot	 harder	 before	 it	 gets	 easier….At
least	 that’s	 the	 way	 it	 was	 for	 me.	 But	 it	 helps	 to	 know	 you’re	 doing	 the	 right
thing.”
“That’s	just	it,”	I	say.	“I	mean…it’s	complicated.	Yet	also	not.”
“I	 know.	 People	 always	 want	 to	 boil	 divorce	 down	 to	 one	 thing.	 A	 one-line
explanation.	 ‘He	 cheated.’	 ‘She’s	 an	 alcoholic.’	 ‘He	 gambles.’	 ‘She	 spends	 too
much.’	It’s	usually	not	that	simple.	But	you	still	just	know	it’s	right….”
I	 can’t	 tell	 whether	 he’s	 asking	 me	 what	 happened,	 or	 just	 thinking	 aloud.
“Yeah,”	 I	 say.	 “Our	 issues	 have	 been	 gradual—and	 cumulative.	 There’s	 probably
not	 a	 tagline.	 But	 if	 I	 had	 to	 come	 up	 with	 one—I’d	 say	 we	 just	 don’t	 share	 the
same	values	anymore.	Maybe	we	never	did….”
Teddy	 nods.	 “Yeah.	 Well,	 you’ll	 figure	 it	 out.	 You’re	 the	 smartest	 girl	 I’ve	 ever
met.”
“Oh,	 c’mon.	 We	 both	 know	 Julie’s	 way	 smarter,”	 I	 say,	 still	 feeling	 flattered.	 I
also	realize	how	much	I’ve	been	craving	compliments	about	things	other	than	my
looks—all	I	ever	get	from	Kirk.
“Julie’s	up	there,”	Teddy	says.	“But	she	married	a	man	who	puts	a	uniform	on
every	day	and	stayed	in	Bristol.	She	can’t	be	that	smart,	right?”	He	smiles	and	sips
his	beer.
“What’s	 that	 supposed	 to	 mean?”	 I	 say,	 wondering	 whether	 he’s	 being	 selfdeprecating	or	revealing	his	own	insecurities.

“I’m	kidding,”	Teddy	says,	taking	another	sip.
“Well,	look,”	I	say,	just	in	case.	“You’re	right.	Julie	married	a	fireman	and	stayed
in	Bristol.	I	married	a	rich	guy	and	live	in	Belle	Meade.	And	who’s	happier?”
Teddy	shrugs,	as	if	it’s	a	close	contest.
“ ‘Not	I,	said	the	little	red	hen,’ ”	I	say,	one	of	my	mother’s	expressions.
Teddy	frowns,	looking	deep	in	thought.
“What	are	you	thinking?”	I	ask	him.
“Honestly?”
“Yeah.	Of	course.	Tell	me.”
He	lowers	his	eyes.	“I	was	just	thinking	about	you	breaking	up	with	me.”
“I	didn’t	break	up	with	you,”	I	say,	knowing	that’s	exactly	what	I	did.	“We	just…
broke	up.”
Teddy	 meets	 my	 gaze,	 then,	 not	 bothering	 to	 dispute	 a	 basic	 fact,	 says,	 “On
some	 level,	 you	 didn’t	 think	 I	 was	 good	 enough	 for	 you.	 You	 wanted	 more.	 It’s
okay.	You	can	admit	it.”
“That’s	not	true,”	I	answer	quickly	and	emphatically.
“Then	what	was	it?”	he	says.	“Was	it	Kirk?	Had	you	already	met	him?”
“No,”	I	say.	“I	promise.	That	wasn’t	it.”
“Then	why?	Not	that	it	matters	at	this	point…”
My	stomach	in	knots,	I’m	at	a	loss	for	what	to	tell	him	other	than	the	truth.	In	a
million	 years	 I	 would	 never	 have	 imagined	 sitting	 on	 my	 parents’	 porch	 with
Teddy,	 twenty-some	 years	 later,	 telling	 him	 how	 I	 was	 raped.	 But	 that’s	 exactly
what	 I	 do.	 I	 report	 the	 facts,	 like	 a	 journalist,	 trying	 to	 get	 through	 the	 story
without	breaking	down.
“So	 you	 see?	 I	 didn’t	 think	 you	 weren’t	 good	 enough	 for	 me,”	 I	 finish,	 feeling
eighteen	 again—Finch’s	 age.	 A	 brokenhearted	 eighteen.	 “I	 felt	 I	 wasn’t	 good
enough	for	you.”
“Oh	my	God,	Nina,”	Teddy	whispers,	his	eyes	filling	with	tears.	“I	had	no	idea.”
“Yeah.	That	was	the	point,”	I	say.	“I	didn’t	want	you	to	know.”
“You	should’ve	told	me.	I	would	have	been	there	for	you.”
“I	 know,”	 I	 say,	 wishing	 I	 could	 go	 back	 in	 time.	 Wishing	 I	 could	 do	 so	 many
things	differently.

I

forgot	to	close	my	blinds	before	bed	last	night,	and	the	first	thing	I	see	when	I
wake	 up	 is	 Dad	 outside	 my	 window,	 crouched	 on	 our	 front	 porch	 with	 the
garden	hose,	a	big	brush,	and	a	bucket.	The	sleeves	of	his	sweatshirt	are	pushed
up,	and	his	intense	scrubbing	motion	reminds	me	of	watching	him	saw	or	sand	in
his	workshop.	With	a	sickening	hunch	of	what’s	happening,	I	get	out	of	bed	and	go
over	 to	 the	 window.	 That’s	 when	 I	 see	 the	 neon	 orange	 letters	 sprayed	 onto	 the
front	porch.	SLU	is	all	that	remains,	but	I	know	what	letter	is	missing,	and	what
the	word	once	was.
I	feel	as	if	I’m	going	to	throw	up—literally—so	I	run	to	my	bathroom,	flip	open
the	 lid	 of	 the	 toilet,	 and	 wait.	 Nothing	 happens,	 fear	 and	 dread	 replacing	 my
nausea.	I	walk	back	out	to	the	hall,	avoiding	my	reflection	in	the	mirror,	then	open
the	front	door,	feeling	the	chill	of	the	spring	morning.
Dad,	who	is	still	on	his	hands	and	knees,	glances	up	at	me	and	says,	“Go	back	in
the	house.”	His	voice	is	calm,	but	I	know	from	experience	not	to	be	fooled.	We	are
in	the	eye	of	a	really	bad	storm.
I	tell	myself	that	I	need	to	follow	his	instructions,	but	I	just	stand	there.	I	just
stand	there,	staring.	Most	of	the	U	is	now	gone,	leaving	only	the	SL.	There	are	so
many	 things	 I	 could	 be	 thinking	 right	 now,	 but	 I	 find	 myself	 feeling	 extreme
gratitude	that	the	paint	is	washable	when	it	could	have	been	permanent.	Somehow
I	know	that	Dad	isn’t	seeing	that	bright	side.
“I	said	go	back	in	the	house!”	Dad	raises	his	voice	this	time	but	does	not	look	up
at	me.
I	 back	 away	 a	 few	 steps,	 retreating	 inside,	 then	 run	 to	 my	 bedroom	 to	 get	 my
phone.	 I	 have	 no	 new	 messages,	 nothing	 that	 came	 in	 since	 I	 last	 checked,
sometime	in	the	middle	of	the	night.	I	quickly	dial	Finch.
“Good	morning,”	he	says,	sounding	day-after-sex	chipper.
“No,	it’s	not,”	I	say,	watching	Dad	from	the	window	again.	He	is	standing	now,
spraying	 the	 area	 with	 the	 hose,	 the	 nozzle	 on	 the	 most	 concentrated	 setting.
Orange-tinted	sudsy	water	runs	down	the	steps	and	onto	the	edges	of	our	lawn.
“What’s	wrong?”	Finch	asks.
“Somebody	spray-painted	our	porch,”	I	say.

“Huh?”	he	says.
“Like,	with	graffiti.	Someone	vandalized	our	property.	Our	porch.”
“Oh,	shhit,”	Finch	says.	“What’d	they	write?”
It	 takes	 me	 a	 second	 to	 answer.	 “Slut,”	 I	 make	 myself	 say,	 feeling	 a	 wave	 of
shame.	“My	dad’s	out	there	cleaning	it	off	right	now.	He’s	so	pissed.”
“God.	That	sucks.	I	feel	terrible.”
“It’s	not	your	fault,”	I	mumble,	my	face	burning.	“I	bet	it	was	Polly.”
“I’m	sure	it	was….Do	y’all	have	cameras?”
“No,”	 I	 say,	 thinking	 of	 the	 Brownings’	 security	 alarm—and	 all	 the	 nice	 things
inside	their	house	that	need	to	be	protected.
“Maybe	your	neighbors	do?”
“Pretty	sure	they	don’t,”	I	say,	feeling	a	twinge	of	annoyance.	I	get	that	he’s	just
trying	to	be	helpful—but	he	has	to	know	that	nobody	has	security	cameras	in	my
neighborhood.
“I’ll	call	Polly,”	he	says.	“I’ll	get	the	truth	out	of	her.”
“No,”	I	say,	knowing	it	won’t	do	any	good—she’ll	just	deny	it,	and	it	might	even
make	things	worse	for	me.	“Please	don’t	do	that.”
“Okay,”	he	says,	but	he	still	sounds	really	pissed.
“Finch?”	I	say	nervously.	“Can	I	ask	you	something?”
“Sure,”	he	says.
“Did	you…tell	anyone?”	I	ask,	my	voice	shaking	a	little.	“What	we	did?”
“Hell,	no,”	Finch	says.
I	believe	him	but	want	more	reassurance.	“Not	even	Beau?”
“No.	Nobody,”	he	says.	“I	don’t	kiss	and	tell,	Lyla.”
“Okay,”	 I	 say,	 wishing,	 for	 one	 second,	 that	 it	 were	 only	 a	 question	 of	 kissing.
Polly	would	still	think	what	she	was	going	to	think,	but	I’d	sure	feel	better	about
looking	my	dad	in	the	eye.	I	also	can’t	help	but	think	of	how	much	easier	it	is	to	be
a	 boy	 than	 to	 be	 a	 girl.	 Nobody	 is	 gonna	 write	 the	 word	 slut	 on	 Finch’s	 porch,
that’s	for	damn	sure.
“Did	you	take	a	picture?”	Finch	asks.	“Of	your	porch?”
“Um,	no.	Why	would	I	do	that?”
“For	evidence.	You	need	to	show	Mr.	Q.”
“No,	Finch.	There’s	no	way	I’m	telling	Mr.	Q.	I	don’t	want	this	spread	all	over
school.	 It’s	 bad	 enough	 that	 everyone’s	 gonna	 know	 I	 went	 over	 to	 your	 house
yesterday.”

“So?”	Finch	says.	“You	have	every	right	to	come	over	to	my	house	and	hang	out.
We’re	friends.”
My	 heart	 sinks	 as	 I	 blurt	 out,	 “Is	 that	 all	 we	 are?”	 I	 hate	 that	 I’m	 asking	 the
question,	but	I	can’t	help	myself.
“You	 know	 what	 I	 mean….I	 mean…it’s	 more	 than	 that,	 obviously.	 I’m	 totally
into	you,”	Finch	says,	his	voice	turning	soft.	“And	I	love	what	we	did	yesterday.”
I	 smile,	 feeling	 warmth	 spread	 across	 my	 body,	 my	 regret	 immediately
dissolving.
“I	want	to	do	it	again,”	he	whispers.
Dizzy,	I	whisper	back,	“Me,	too.”
—
DAD	DOESN’T	SPEAK	 to	me	on	the	way	to	school,	and	I	can’t	tell	if	he’s	more	mad	or
upset.	I	decide	that	it’s	too	risky	to	initiate	conversation	of	any	kind—so	I	keep	my
mouth	shut	for	the	entire	torturous	ride.	When	we	arrive,	he	parks	in	a	visitor	spot
rather	than	pulling	into	the	circular	driveway	for	drop-off,	and	I	panic.
“What	are	you	doing?”	I	ask	him,	though	it’s	perfectly	clear.
“I’m	going	in.	To	talk	to	Quarterman.”
My	mind	races	for	a	reasonable	objection,	as	I	lamely	point	out	that	he	has	paint
all	over	his	clothes	and	hands.
“So?”	Dad	says.
I	think	of	the	movie	Jackie.	How	Mrs.	Kennedy	kept	her	blood-splattered	pink
suit	on	because	she	wanted	everyone	to	see	what	had	been	done	to	her	husband.
Not	that	I’m	comparing	the	assassination	of	a	president	to	our	vandalized	porch,
but	 I	 can	 tell	 Dad,	 on	 some	 level,	 is	 glad	 that	 he’s	 covered	 in	 paint.	 After	 all,	 he
could	have	easily	changed	his	clothes	before	we	got	in	the	car.
“Dad.	Please	let	me	handle	this,”	I	begin	to	plead,	but	he	shakes	his	head,	as	if	to
tell	me	there’s	nothing	I	can	say	that	will	change	his	mind.	Then	he	adds,	“Is	there
anything	you	want	to	tell	me	before	I	go	inside?”
I	shake	my	head.
“So	you	don’t	know	who	did	this?”
I	shake	my	head	again.	“I	don’t,	Dad.”
“Do	you	have	a	clue?	An…inkling?”
“Not	really.”
“Not	really?”	he	says.
“I	mean…it	could	be	anyone.	It	could	be	totally	random.”

My	last	statement	is	ludicrous,	but	Dad	nods,	maybe	wanting	to	believe	that	this
could	 be	 true.	 That	 it	 was	 random	 vandalism—that	 nobody	 actually	 thinks	 his
daughter	is	a	slut.
“Okay.	So	hopefully	this	has	nothing	to	do	with	the	concert	on	Saturday	night?
Or	you	going	over	to	Finch’s	yesterday?”	Dad	says	sarcastically.
I	look	at	him,	shocked	and	ashamed,	as	he	shakes	his	head	sadly,	then	gets	out
of	the	car.

I’

m	far	from	composed,	but	somehow	I	manage	to	keep	my	shit	together	for	the
first	few	minutes	in	Quarterman’s	office.	Even	as	I	show	him	the	photo	of	the
word	SLUT	sprayed	across	our	porch,	I	keep	my	voice	low,	just	as	I	did	in	the	car
with	Lyla.	Somehow,	it	helps	that	Quarterman	is	visibly	outraged.
“I	am	so	 sorry,	 Tom.	 This	 is	 terrible.	 Just	 terrible,”	 he	 says,	 shaking	 his	 head.
“Do	you	have	any	idea	who	did	this?”
“No,”	I	say.
“Does	Lyla	know	anything?”
“She	says	she	doesn’t.”
“Do	you	believe	her?”
I	let	out	a	big	sigh	and	shake	my	head.	“No.	Actually,	I	don’t.	But	I	can’t	figure
out	whether	she’s	covering	for	someone—or	whether	she’s	just	scared.”
“Of	repercussions?”	Quarterman	asks.
“Yeah…This	whole	situation…with	Finch…It’s	gotten	so	out	of	hand….”
Quarterman	 furrows	 his	 brow,	 peering	 over	 at	 me.	 “How	 so?	 What’s	 going	 on
now?”
I	exhale,	then	say,	“I	don’t	even	know	where	to	begin….”
“Just	share	whatever	you’d	like	to	share,”	he	says.	“I	promise	you,	Tom.	I’m	on
your	side	here.	I	just	want	to	help	you	and	Lyla.”
For	 some	 odd	 reason,	 and	 despite	 the	 knowledge	 that	 he	 has	 to	 also	 be
concerned	 about	 his	 other	 students,	 as	 well	 as	 the	 reputation	 of	 his	 school,	 I	 do
trust	him.	Or	maybe	it’s	just	sheer	desperation.	But	I	start	talking.	I	tell	him	about
my	 meeting	 with	 Kirk,	 Nina	 and	 Finch’s	 visit	 Saturday	 morning—and	 Finch’s
apology	 while	 I	 was	 out	 of	 the	 room.	 I	 tell	 him	 about	 the	 concert—and	 that	 Lyla
went	over	to	the	Brownings’	yesterday,	without	permission	or	supervision.	I	read
aloud	Nina’s	text	message	about	Polly.
“Have	you	spoken	with	Nina?”	he	asks	when	I	finish.	“Since	those	texts?”
“No,”	I	say,	shaking	my	head.	“Not	yet…But	crazily	enough,	I	feel	like	she’s	an

ally	here.	To	Lyla.”
“Yes,”	 Quarterman	 says,	 nodding.	 “I	 think	 she’s	 really	 trying	 to	 do	 the	 right
thing.”
Before	I	can	respond,	we	hear	a	knock	on	the	door.
“Yes?”	Quarterman	calls	out.
We	both	stare	at	the	door,	waiting,	as	it	opens	a	crack.
“Yes?”	Quarterman	says	again,	now	sounding	annoyed.	“May	I	help	you?”
The	door	opens	farther,	and	there	stands	Finch.
“Excuse	me,	son,”	Quarterman	says	in	a	stern	voice.	“We’re	in	a	meeting	here.”
“I’m	sorry,”	Finch	says,	but	he	doesn’t	budge,	other	than	to	open	the	door	a	little
more	 and	 throw	 out	 some	 bait.	 “But	 I	 just	 had	 some	 information	 about…what
happened	last	night.”
Quarterman	 stands	 and	 waves	 Finch	 over	 to	 his	 desk.	 “In	 that	 case,	 come	 in.
Have	a	seat.”
I	tell	myself	to	remain	calm,	as	Finch	sits	in	the	chair	beside	me.
“Who	did	it?”	I	say,	my	voice	rising.	“Who	spray-painted	our	porch?”
Finch	takes	a	deep	breath,	finally	showing	his	nerves—or	at	the	very	least,	some
pretty	 solid	 acting	 skills.	 “Polly	 did	 it,”	 he	 says,	 speaking	 rapidly.	 “Or	 one	 of	 her
friends.	If	she	didn’t	do	it	herself,	she	knows	who	did.	She	was	involved	for	sure.”
“Son,	 this	 is	 a	 pretty	 big	 accusation	 to	 make,”	 Quarterman	 says.	 “Do	 you	 have
any	sort	of	proof?”
“Not	concrete	proof,”	Finch	says.	“But	yesterday…Polly	called	Lyla…that	word.”
“You	mean	a	slut?”	I	force	myself	to	say,	my	heart	pounding	in	my	ears.
Finch	holds	my	gaze,	then	slowly	nods.	“Yes,	sir.	That’s	the	word	she	used.”
Something	 inside	 me	 snaps,	 and	 I	 lean	 toward	 him,	 seething.	 “Do	 you	 think
you’re	at	all	responsible	here?”
Finch	shakes	his	head	and	says,	“No,	sir.	I	didn’t	do	anything	to	your	porch.”
“Well,	don’t	you	think	your	photo	of	my	daughter	contributed	to	this?”
Finch	returns	my	angry	glare	with	a	blank	stare.	Any	goodwill	built	up	from	his
visit	Saturday	morning	goes	out	the	window,	and	I	have	to	fight	a	strong	urge	to
lunge	at	him.
“I	don’t	understand	what	you	mean—”	he	begins.
“What	Mr.	Volpe	is	saying,”	Quarterman	translates	for	me,	“is	that	your	photo—
the	one	you	took	of	Lyla—has	perhaps	put	all	of	this	in	motion.”
Finch	 blinks,	 then	 boldly	 shakes	 his	 head	 and	 says,	 “No,	 sir.	 With	 all	 due

respect,	I	do	not	agree	with	that	statement.”
This	time,	I	do	leap	out	of	my	seat,	taking	some	satisfaction	at	the	look	of	fear
on	his	face.
“Mr.	Volpe!	Wait!	Please	listen!”	he	shouts,	holding	his	palms	up.	“I	didn’t	take
that	photo	of	Lyla!	And	I	didn’t	write	the	caption.	And	I	didn’t	send	it	to	anyone!”
“What?”	Quarterman	and	I	shout	in	unison.
“I	swear!”	Finch	continues.	“Ask	Lyla.	She	knows	it’s	the	truth!”
“Well,	you	either	lied	then,	or	you’re	lying	now.	Which	is	it?”	Quarterman	asks.
“I	was	lying	then,	sir.	And	I’m	very	sorry	for	that.	But	I’m	telling	you	the	truth
now.	I	didn’t	take	the	photo	of	Lyla.”
“Well?”	I	yell	at	him.	“Who	took	it,	then?”
“Polly	 took	 it,”	 he	 says,	 glancing	 at	 Quarterman,	 then	 back	 at	 me.	 “I	 was
covering	 for	 her….But	 after	 what	 she	 said	 to	 Lyla?	 And	 what	 she	 wrote	 on	 your
porch?	She	doesn’t	deserve	my	help.”
He	shakes	his	head,	then	stares	me	down	so	boldly	that	I	am	positive	only	one	of
two	scenarios	can	be	true.	Finch	is	either	completely	innocent	or	a	total	sociopath.
He’s	either	more	like	his	mother	or	exactly	like	his	father.	I	have	no	clue	which	one
it	is,	but	I	will	find	out.

I

wake	up	a	little	after	4:00	 A.M.	in	my	childhood	bedroom,	knowing	that	I	won’t
be	 able	 to	 fall	 back	 asleep.	 I’m	 just	 too	 anxious,	 my	 mind	 spinning	 with
thoughts	of	the	past,	the	future,	and	the	miserable	moment	of	limbo	that	I’m	in.
Part	of	me	regrets	my	candor	last	night.	First	in	telling	everyone	about	my	plans	to
file	 for	 divorce—because	 no	 matter	 what	 he’s	 done,	 Kirk	 deserves	 the	 respect	 of
hearing	my	decision	before	others.	But	also	in	telling	Teddy	about	what	happened
to	me	in	college.	I	know	what	they	say	about	the	truth	setting	you	free,	but	really,
what	was	the	point	in	worrying	and	upsetting	everyone?
Worse	 than	 regret	 about	 my	 past	 decisions,	 I	 dread	 what’s	 to	 come.	 I	 dread
seeing	Kirk,	and	I	dread	confronting	Finch	about	the	concert	and	the	incident	at
our	home.	But	I	know	I	must,	and	that	there	is	no	point	in	stalling	any	further.	So
I	 get	 up,	 quickly	 make	 the	 bed,	 brush	 my	 teeth,	 and	 get	 dressed.	 I	 throw	 my
pajamas	 and	 toiletries	 back	 into	 my	 overnight	 bag	 and	 tiptoe	 downstairs,
expecting	to	leave	a	goodbye	note	and	slip	out	the	door.	But	my	mother	is	sitting
in	her	bathrobe	at	the	counter,	playing	solitaire	on	her	laptop.
“You’re	leaving?”	she	says,	glancing	up	at	me	before	clicking	on	her	next	move.
“So	early?”
“Yeah.	I	have	a	lot	of	stuff	I	need	to	do	today.”
She	nods,	then	asks	if	she	can	make	me	a	cup	of	coffee	for	the	road.
“That	would	be	great,	Mom,”	I	say.	“Thank	you.”
She	 stands,	 walks	 over	 to	 the	 stove,	 and	 turns	 on	 the	 kettle.	 I	 smile	 to	 myself,
realizing	that	she	means	instant	coffee.	Sure	enough,	she	pulls	out	a	jar	of	Folgers,
along	with	powdered	creamer	and	packets	of	Splenda	and	Equal.
“Black’s	fine,”	I	say,	thinking	I	might	dump	it	out	once	I’m	on	the	road	and	wait
until	 I	 pass	 a	 Starbucks,	 or	 at	 least	 a	 Chick-fil-A.	 Then	 again,	 maybe	 my	 mom’s
instant	coffee	is	exactly	what	I	need	right	now.
We	both	lean	against	the	counter,	waiting	for	the	water	to	boil,	looking	straight
at	each	other.	“I’m	so	sorry	about	you	and	Kirk,”	she	finally	says.
“I	know,	Mom,”	I	say.	“I’m	sorry,	too.”
“I	know	this	is	none	of	my	business,	and	you	don’t	have	to	tell	me	if	you	don’t

want	to,”	she	begins—which	is	sort	of	an	unprecedented	disclaimer	for	my	mom.
“But…do	you	think	there’s	someone	else?”
I	 shrug	 and	 say,	 “Honestly,	 Mom?	 I’m	 not	 really	 sure.	 Probably	 so…But	 that’s
not	really	why	I’m	leaving….I	could	get	over	an	affair,	I	think,	if	that	were	the	only
issue.”
“You	could?”	she	says.
“Yeah.	 I	 think	 so.	 Good	 people	 make	 mistakes,”	 I	 say,	 hoping	 this	 statement
applies	to	Finch.	“But…I’m	afraid	that	Kirk	isn’t	a	good	person	anymore.”
Mom	 nods,	 not	 even	 making	 a	 cursory	 attempt	 to	 come	 to	 the	 defense	 of	 her
son-in-law.
“Did	you	ever	like	him?”	I	ask,	thinking	of	Julie’s	putt-putt	memories.
“Of	course	I	did,”	she	says	a	little	too	automatically.
“Really?”	I	say.	“You	can	tell	me	the	truth…please.”
Mom	sighs,	then	says,	“Well,	in	the	beginning?	I	was	unsure.	I	liked	him,	but	I
thought	he	was	a	little	snobby,	and	that	you	two	didn’t	really…fit	together….But	I
could	tell	you	felt	he	was	what	you	needed….”
“I	did,”	I	say,	nodding,	amazed	that	my	mother	saw	this	so	clearly—even	before
I	did.	Yet	I	also	feel	wistful	for	how	things	could	have	turned	out.	How	we	could
have	evolved	together	in	a	different	direction.
“And	I	did	love	how	he	took	care	of	you.	He	was	a	gentleman.	But	somewhere
along	the	line	that	changed,”	she	says.	“He	changed.	He	seems	a	bit…selfish	now.”
“I	know,”	I	say,	thinking	that	was	an	understatement.	“When	do	you	think	that
happened?	When	he	sold	his	company?”
“I	 think	 so,	 yes,”	 she	 says.	 “He	 just	 got	 a	 little	 big	 for	 his	 britches.	 And	 I	 also
think	 he	 started	 to	 take	 you	 for	 granted….There’s	 a	 certain…lack	 of	 respect	 that
disturbs	your	father	and	me.”
I	 nod,	 knowing	 she’s	 right,	 cringing	 at	 the	 example	 Kirk	 has	 been	 setting	 for
Finch—and	the	fact	that	I’ve	allowed	it	to	go	on	for	so	long.	I	say	as	much	to	my
mom,	and	then	add	a	hopeful,	“Better	late	than	never?”
“Definitely,”	Mom	says,	scooping	a	generous	tablespoon	of	coffee	crystals	into	a
University	of	Tennessee	travel	mug	that	I	can	trace	back	to	the	eighties.	“I	think
Teddy	would	agree	with	that	statement,	too.”	She	looks	up	at	me	hopefully.
“Mom,”	I	say,	shaking	my	head.
“What?”	she	says	with	wide-eyed	innocence.	“I’m	just	saying.”
—
ABOUT	TEN	MILES	outside	of	Nashville,	I	get	a	call	from	Walter	Quarterman.	“There’s

been	a	development,”	he	says.	“Can	you	please	come	in?”
“What	 sort	 of	 development?”	 I	 say,	 my	 heart	 sinking,	 wondering	 if	 it	 has
anything	to	do	with	Melanie’s	voicemail.
“I’d	rather	not	discuss	it	over	the	phone,”	Walter	says.
“Okay,”	I	say,	then	ask	if	he’s	talked	to	Kirk.
“No.	I	called	you	first,”	he	says.
“Thank	you,”	I	say,	then	tell	him	that	I’ll	be	there	just	as	soon	as	I	can.
—
TWENTY	MINUTES	AND	 several	traffic	violations	later,	I	park	in	front	of	Windsor	and
run	into	the	school.
“I	have	a	meeting	with	Mr.	Quarterman,”	I	tell	Sharon	at	the	front	desk.	“He’s
expecting	me.”
She	nods	and	tries	to	hand	me	that	damn	sign-in	clipboard,	but	I	blow	her	off,
muttering	that	I’m	already	late	and	dashing	down	the	hallway.
When	 I	 arrive	 at	 Walter’s	 office,	 I	 knock,	 then	 walk	 in	 to	 a	 small	 crowd	 of
people.	Walter	is	behind	his	desk,	and	in	front	of	him,	in	a	semicircle	of	chairs,	sit
Finch,	Tom,	Polly,	and	Polly’s	parents.
My	 stomach	 drops	 as	 Walter	 stands	 to	 greet	 me,	 then	 points	 to	 the	 only
remaining	 free	 chair,	 which	 happens	 to	 be	 right	 next	 to	 my	 son.	 As	 I	 sit,	 I
acknowledge	 Tom,	 Polly,	 and	 her	 parents	 with	 a	 nod,	 glancing	 at	 Finch	 last.
Everyone	looks	relatively	composed	except	Polly.
“Will	Kirk	be	joining	us?”	Walter	asks.
“No,	he	won’t	be,”	I	say.	“Can	you	tell	me	what’s	going	on?”
Walter	 nods.	 “Yes.	 As	 I	 told	 you	 on	 the	 phone,	 Nina,	 there’s	 been	 a
development…and	 unfortunately,	 we	 have	 two	 very	 different	 versions	 of	 the
story.”
Polly	lets	out	a	sob,	covering	her	face	with	her	hands,	as	her	father	puts	his	arm
around	her	and	softly	shushes	her.
“Can	someone	please…cut	to	the	chase?”	I	say.
“Sure	thing,”	Tom	snaps,	his	voice	cold	and	livid.	“Someone	wrote	slut	 on	 our
porch.”
“Oh	my	God,”	I	say.	“I’m	so	sorry.”
Tom	ignores	this	and	simply	says,	“Finch	says	Polly	did	it.”
Out	 of	 the	 corner	 of	 my	 eye,	 I	 can	 see	 Finch	 nodding,	 while	 Polly	 wails	 in
protest.	“It	wasn’t	me!	I	swear!”

Her	 father	 tries	 to	 soothe	 her	 again,	 as	 Tom	 continues,	 “Whether	 or	 not	 the
artwork	is,	in	fact,	Polly’s,	she	did	call	Lyla	a	slut	yesterday.	At	your	house.	Polly
admits	this	much	is	true.	Which	is	really	lovely.”
“She’s	very	sorry	for	using	that	word,”	Polly’s	dad	says.	“But	she	had	nothing	to
do	with	your	porch	being	vandalized.	She	was	home	all	night	with	us.”
Walter	 attempts	 to	 cut	 in,	 but	 Tom	 talks	 right	 over	 him.	 “Now	 Finch	 is	 also
saying	that	he	didn’t	actually	take	the	infamous	photo	of	Lyla.	That	actually,	Polly
took	it,	and	he’s	been	covering	for	her	all	this	time.”
“That’s	not	true!”	Polly	yells,	her	face	covered	with	tears	and	snot.	“It’s	a	total
lie!”
“You’re	the	one	lying,”	Finch	says,	perfectly	calmly.
Walter	sighs	and	says,	“Well,	hopefully	tomorrow’s	proceedings	will	bring	some
clarity.”
“Clarity?”	 Tom	 shouts.	 “The	 only	 clarity	 I	 see	 is	 that	 my	 daughter	 is	 getting
victimized	 left	 and	 right	 and	 somebody	 here	 is	 lying.	 Maybe	 both	 of	 them	 are.
Maybe	this	whole	thing	is	an	elaborate	plot	to	make	sure	no	one	gets	blamed.”
“I	 can	 assure	 you,	 Mr.	 Volpe.	 That’s	 not	 what	 is	 happening	 here,”	 Polly’s	 dad
says.	“My	daughter	has	admitted	to	calling	your	daughter	a	terrible	name,	but—”
“But	what?”	Tom	fires	back.	“But	‘no	big	deal’?”
“Tom,	please.	I	know	it’s	hard,	but	please	try	to	calm	down,”	Walter	says.
“Don’t	 you	 dare	 tell	 me	 to	 calm	 down!	 This	 is	 a	 circus.	 A	 total	 circus!”	 Tom
stands	 suddenly,	 nearly	 knocking	 over	 his	 chair,	 before	 storming	 to	 the	 door.
“Someone	get	my	daughter	outta	class!	Now!”
Walter	looks	completely	rattled	as	he	grabs	his	phone,	dials	an	extension,	and
says,	 “Can	 you	 please	 have	 Lyla	 Volpe	 report	 to	 the	 front	 entrance?…Yes.	 Right
away,	please.”
Meanwhile,	Tom	is	out	the	door,	slamming	it	behind	him.
I	jump,	my	heart	racing,	as	I	make	eye	contact	with	Finch.	He	stares	back	at	me,
with	his	hand	over	his	heart.	“I	swear,	Mom,”	he	whispers.	“I	didn’t	do	it.”

I

don’t	know	if	I’ve	waited	three	seconds	or	three	minutes,	but	when	Lyla	doesn’t
immediately	 materialize	 in	 the	 lobby,	 I	 start	 pounding	 on	 the	 ledge	 of	 the
check-in	 desk,	 yelling	 at	 that	 smug	 receptionist,	 and	 demanding	 that	 I	 get	 my
daughter	now.	I	even	make	a	move	down	the	hall	in	the	general	direction	of	the
high	school	classrooms.
“Mr.	Volpe,	you	can’t	go	down	there!”	The	receptionist	stands	up	in	a	panic,	as	if
I	were	an	armed	intruder.
Sure	enough,	her	voice	trembles	as	she	adds	that	she	is	going	to	have	to	push	a
button	for	the	police	if	I	take	another	step.
I	 stop,	 turn,	 and	 walk	 back	 over	 to	 her.	 “Please	 don’t	 pretend	 you	 don’t	 know
what’s	going	on	around	here.	Because	I’m	pretty	sure	you	know	everything	that’s
going	on	around	here!”
I	 pound	 my	 hand	 on	 her	 ledge	 one	 more	 time	 for	 good	 measure,	 just	 as	 Lyla
rounds	the	corner	and	rushes	toward	me,	looking	mortified.
“Dad?	What	are	you	doing?”	she	says	as	I	catch	the	receptionist	staring	nosily	at
us	over	her	reading	glasses.
“C’mon.	We’re	leaving.	Right	now.”
“I	 can’t	 leave,	 Dad!”	 she	 says,	 glancing	 around,	 looking	 desperate.	 “I’m	 in	 the
middle	of	a	science	quiz!	And	I	don’t	even	have	my	stuff.”
“Now!”	I	yell.
She	starts	to	protest	again,	but	I	turn	around	and	walk	out	the	front	door.	I	am
nervous	about	what	I’ll	do	if	she	doesn’t	follow	me.	I	feel	pretty	sure	that	it	would
involve	that	woman’s	panic	button.	Fortunately,	we	don’t	have	to	find	out,	because
a	few	seconds	later	I	hear	Lyla’s	footsteps	on	the	pavement	behind	me.
I	only	walk	faster,	my	strides	getting	longer.	By	the	time	Lyla	climbs	in	the	car
beside	 me,	 she	 is	 completely	 unhinged,	 crying	 so	 hard	 that	 she	 is	 starting	 to
hyperventilate.	Part	of	me	wants	to	put	my	arms	around	her	and	calm	her	down.
But	my	anger,	along	with	my	desire	to	get	the	fuck	out	of	Belle	Meade,	outweighs
any	sense	of	compassion.
So	I	start	driving,	passing	countless	motherfuckers	in	Range	Rovers	and	BMWs

and	 Mercedes.	 What	 in	 the	 world	 was	 I	 thinking	 sending	 my	 daughter	 to	 this
neighborhood	 every	 day	 with	 these	 soulless,	 money-worshipping,	 lying	 sons	 of
bitches?	 Why	 didn’t	 I	 learn	 my	 lesson	 when	 I	 was	 a	 bag	 boy	 at	 the	 Belle	 Meade
Country	Club?	When	I	slept	with	Delaney	and	realized	that	she	was	using	me	as
her	pawn—a	sick	way	to	make	a	point	to	her	daddy	and	her	bullshit	high	society?
Well,	 Lyla	 has	 become	 a	 pawn,	 too,	 and	 I’m	 not	 going	 to	 allow	 it	 any	 longer.
Effective	 today,	 my	 child	 will	 not	 be	 attending	 that	 godforsaken	 school.	 No
education	 is	 worth	 all	 of	 this.	 I	 mean,	 what’s	 the	 endgame?	 An	 elitist	 education
gets	you	what,	exactly?	An	elitist	group	of	friends	and	a	jackass	husband	like	Kirk
Browning?	Fuck	that.	I’d	rather	Lyla	grow	up	and	live	paycheck	to	paycheck	like	I
do	 than	 turn	 out	 anything	 like	 these	 people.	 I’d	 rather	 she	 be	 lonely	 and	 alone
than	lonely	with	them.
Us	versus	them.
It	is	the	drumbeat	in	my	head	as	I	drive.	The	entrance	to	440	looks	jammed,	so	I
keep	going	through	town,	hitting	stoplight	after	stoplight,	Lyla’s	tears	never	letting
up.	 Every	 few	 minutes,	 I	 think	 of	 Quarterman	 and	 Nina,	 and	 know	 that	 I	 am
brushing	with	too	broad	a	stroke.	Then	again,	they	are	right	in	the	mix,	playing	the
goddamn	 game.	 I	 mean,	 how	 could	 Quarterman	 run	 a	 school	 like	 Windsor	 if	 he
weren’t	 drinking	 the	 Kool-Aid	 on	 all	 the	 bullshit?	 And	 I	 really	 like	 Nina—I	 can’t
help	myself—but	her	son	is	shady.	Maybe	he	didn’t	take	the	picture	or	write	on	our
porch,	but	he	definitely	lied	at	some	point—and	at	Lyla’s	expense.
“Dad,	slow	down!”	Lyla	screams	as	I	nearly	slam	into	the	back	of	a	black	Lexus.
I	hit	my	brakes	just	in	time,	my	heart	pounding,	my	hands	sweaty	on	the	steering
wheel.
“Sorry,”	I	say	under	my	breath,	telling	myself	to	get	a	grip.	To	get	help.	Then	I
think	of	Bonnie	and	make	a	left	where	I	should	make	a	right.
“Where	are	you	going?”	Lyla	stops	crying	just	long	enough	to	ask	me.
“To	see	a	friend,”	I	say.
“What	friend?”	she	asks.
The	question	is	telling.	She	thinks	I	have	none.
Without	answering,	I	keep	driving,	weaving	my	way	through	historic	Belmont,
until	 I	 get	 to	 Bonnie’s	 quaint,	 old	 foursquare.	 Her	 ancient	 Volvo	 station	 wagon,
covered	with	bumper	stickers,	is	sitting	in	her	driveway	at	a	virtual	diagonal.	If	it
were	any	other	day,	her	parking	effort	would	have	made	me	smile.
“Dad,	 whose	 house	 is	 this?”	 Lyla	 says.	 She	 is	 still	 upset,	 but	 her	 curiosity	 has
dampened	her	hysteria.
“I	told	you.	My	friend’s	house,”	I	say,	parking	behind	the	Volvo.	“Her	name	is
Bonnie.	I	sometimes	talk	to	her	about	things.	About	you…Come	on	and	meet	her.”
We	both	step	out	of	the	car	and	close	our	doors	as	Lyla	trails	behind	me	to	the

front	door.
“Are	you…dating	her?”	she	asks,	wiping	her	nose	on	her	sleeve.
At	 that	 second,	 Bonnie	 appears	 through	 the	 glass	 door	 panes,	 wearing
enormous	glasses	and	a	weird	shawl	that	looks	more	like	a	blanket.	Her	gray	hair
is	wilder	than	usual.	I	catch	a	fleeting	look	of	disappointment	in	Lyla’s	eyes.
“Well,	hello	there,	Tommy	boy,”	Bonnie	says,	as	she	opens	the	door.
“Morning,	Bonnie,”	I	say.	“Sorry	for	the	surprise	visit.”
“Well,	it’s	a	nice	surprise,	Tommy.	A	very	nice	surprise,”	she	says,	looking	past
me.	“And	you	must	be	Lyla?”	Her	expression	becomes	even	warmer.
“Yes,	 ma’am,”	 Lyla	 says,	 forcing	 the	 mandatory	 tight-lipped	 smile	 that	 comes
with	an	introduction	to	an	adult.
“How	 positively	 wonderful	 to	 meet	 you.	 I’m	 Bonnie,”	 she	 says,	 one	 hand
appearing	 from	 the	 depths	 of	 the	 shawl.	 She	 shakes	 Lyla’s	 hand,	 then	 pulls	 her
into	a	half	hug.	“Come	in,	sweetie.”
As	Lyla	takes	a	step	into	the	house,	and	I	follow,	we	are	bombarded	by	the	smell
of	baking,	though	I	can’t	identify	the	exact	scent.	Maybe	cinnamon?	By	now,	I	can
see	that	Lyla	is	intrigued,	not	only	with	the	concept	of	me	having	a	friend	but	with
Bonnie	herself.	For	once,	it	feels	like	I	made	a	decision	that	my	daughter	and	I	can
agree	is	the	right	one.
Bonnie	 leads	 us	 onto	 her	 back	 sunporch,	 which	 is	 drenched	 in	 morning	 light
and	 decorated	 with	 jewel-toned	 upholsteries.	 I	 take	 an	 emerald	 chair,	 and	 Lyla
chooses	the	sapphire-blue	one	across	from	me.
“May	 I	 make	 you	 a	 cup	 of	 mint	 tea?”	 Bonnie	 asks	 in	 her	 musical	 voice,	 which
almost	sounds	Irish.	“It’s	delicious.”
We	both	nod	and	watch	her	walk	back	toward	the	kitchen.	Neither	of	us	speaks
for	several	minutes.	We	just	sit	there	and	wait	until	Bonnie	returns	with	a	small
wooden	tray.	On	it	are	three	steaming	teacups	on	mismatched	saucers,	along	with
pink	Happy	Birthday	napkins.	The	tray	also	holds	a	miniature	pitcher	of	milk	and
a	bowl	filled	with	sugar	cubes	that	remind	me	of	Lyla’s	tea	set	when	she	was	little.
Lyla	 and	 I	 each	 take	 a	 cup	 before	 Bonnie	 places	 the	 tray	 on	 a	 wicker	 chest
doubling	as	a	coffee	table.	She	then	sits	on	the	red	chair	beside	Lyla’s,	sharing	her
view	of	the	backyard.	She	points	out	the	window,	up	into	the	trees.	My	back	is	to
the	window,	but	I	know	what	they’re	looking	at.
“Do	you	see	that	marvelous	tree	house?”	Bonnie	asks	Lyla.
She	nods,	looking	transfixed.
“Know	 who	 built	 it?”	 Bonnie	 says,	 slowly	 stirring	 two	 lumps	 of	 sugar	 into	 her
cup.	She	makes	that	tinkling	spoon-on-china	sound	that	is	hypnotic.
“My	dad?”	Lyla	guesses.

Bonnie	smiles,	nods,	and	taps	her	spoon	on	the	edge	of	the	cup	before	placing	it
back	on	the	tray.	“Yes.	Your	 dad…I’m	 biased	 but	 I	 have	 to	 say—it’s	 the	 best	 tree
house	in	all	of	Tennessee.	Maybe	anywhere.”
As	Lyla	smiles	back	at	her,	my	heart	floods.
“So	 tell	 me,”	 Bonnie	 says,	 furrowing	 her	 brow	 and	 putting	 on	 her	 shrink	 face.
“Why	aren’t	you	at	school?”
Lyla	 puts	 her	 cup	 down	 on	 her	 saucer,	 then	 says,	 “Ask	 my	 dad	 that	 question.
He’s	the	one	who	made	me	leave	in	the	middle	of	a	science	quiz.”	She	glares	at	me.
“Does	 this	 have	 anything	 to	 do	 with	 the	 photo?	 Taken	 of	 you	 at	 the	 party?”
Bonnie	 asks,	 looking	 directly	 at	 Lyla.	 I	 give	 her	 bonus	 points	 for	 being	 so
straightforward.
Lyla	 nods,	 then	 quickly	 and	 adamantly	 insists	 that	 Finch’s	 ex-girlfriend	 took
that	photo—and	that	he	is	innocent.	Completely	innocent.	Without	addressing	her
claims,	I	fill	in	a	few	important	blanks—namely	Lyla’s	visit	to	Finch	yesterday,	and
our	vandalized	porch.	Lyla	says	Polly	did	that,	too,	then	finishes	with	an	account
of	this	morning’s	episode	in	the	school	lobby,	calling	it	“humiliating”	and	accusing
me	of	“always”	making	things	so	much	worse	than	they	have	to	be.
“So	 Finch	 is	 innocent,	 and	 I’m	 the	 bad	 guy?”	 I	 say,	 Bonnie’s	 soothing	 effect
starting	to	wear	off.
“Dad!	I	was	in	the	middle	of	a	test!”
“You	said	it	was	a	quiz.”
“Same	difference!”
Bonnie	gives	her	a	compassionate	nod,	then	says,	“Okay.	So,	Lyla?	How	would
you	have	preferred	your	dad	handle	this	situation	today?”
Lyla	 sighs,	 then	 gives	 a	 long-winded,	 rambling	 answer,	 covering	 everything
from	 the	 orange	 paint	 on	 my	 clothing	 to	 the	 way	 I	 was	 shouting	 in	 the	 lobby.
“Like,	 couldn’t	 he	 have	 just	 called	 my	 headmaster	 and	 not	 made	 a	 huge	 scene?
Covered	in	paint?”
Bonnie	looks	at	me.	“Do	you	understand	how	she	feels?”
“Sure.	I	guess,”	I	say.	“And	she’s	right	that	I	shouldn’t	have	lost	my	temper…but
I	had	to	do	something.	And	sometimes	it	feels	as	if	Lyla	is	more	concerned	with
little	 details…and	 appearances…than	 the	 bigger	 picture….For	 example,	 I	 really
don’t	think	it	matters	that	I	have	a	little	paint	on	my	clothes.”
Bonnie	gives	me	a	hint	of	a	smile,	then	looks	at	Lyla	again.	“Do	you	know	what
he’s	trying	to	say?”
Lyla	shrugs,	then	grants	Bonnie	the	same	answer	I	gave	her.	“I	guess,”	she	says.
Bonnie	clears	her	throat	and	continues,	“And	don’t	you	think	he’s	trying	to	do

the	best	he	can	to	help	you?”
“Yes,	but	this	actually	isn’t	helping	me,”	Lyla	says.	“At	all.	He	has	no	clue	what
it’s	like	to	be	me…and	this	is	my	school	he’s	barging	into.	My	world.”
“Not	for	long,	it	isn’t,”	I	say	under	my	breath.
Lyla	makes	a	loud	huffing	sound,	points	at	me,	and	says	to	Bonnie,	“See?	See!
He	 wants	 me	 to	 leave	 my	 school	 over	 this!	 Tell	 him	 that’s	 ridiculous.	 And	 soo
unfair!	This	isn’t	Windsor’s	fault.”
“Okay.	 But	 do	 you	 understand	 why	 your	 father	 feels	 some	 animosity	 toward
Windsor?	After	all,	someone	from	the	school	took	that	photograph	of	you.	And	no
one	has	yet	been	punished	for	it.	All	these	days	later,”	Bonnie	says,	articulating	the
reasons	for	my	anger	and	frustration	so	beautifully	and	succinctly	that	I	want	to
high-five	or	hug	her.
“Yeah.	 Okay.	 I	 get	 that,”	 Lyla	 says.	 “And	 I	 appreciate	 that	 he’s	 a	 really	 good
father	 and	 stuff….But…he’s	 always	 so	 angry	 at	 everyone….It’s	 like	 he	 thinks	 the
whole	world	is	against	us	or	something.	And	they’re	not.	They’re	just…not.”
The	truth	of	her	statement	hits	me	hard,	and	I	feel	them	both	staring	at	me	as	I
catch	my	breath.
“Tom?”	Bonnie	says	softly.
“Yeah?”	I	ask,	my	head	spinning.
“Does	Lyla	have	a	point	here?”
I	slowly	nod.	“Yeah.	She	does.”
Holding	my	gaze,	Lyla	says,	“I	mean,	Dad,	some	people	in	Belle	Meade	do	suck.
Some	people	are	huge	snobs	and	look	down	on	us.	But	a	lot	of	them	aren’t	like	that
at	all.	 Some	 of	 them	 are	 just	 like	 us,	 only	 with	 more	 money…and	 if	 money	 and
appearances	 and	 stuff	 like	 that	 don’t	 matter,	 then	 they	 shouldn’t	 matter	 either
way.”	She	looks	so	earnest	and	emboldened.
I	 nod	 again,	 hearing	 her	 and	 feeling	 the	 truth	 of	 her	 words	 on	 a	 level	 deeper
than	I	thought	possible.
“I	 just	 want	 you	 to	 trust	 me	 sometimes,”	 she	 continues.	 “To	 make	 my	 own
judgments	 about	 people…which	 might	 not	 be	 the	 same	 as	 yours.	 Whether	 that’s
Grace…or	Finch…or	anyone	else.	And	yeah,	I’m	going	to	make	mistakes…but	now
it’s	time	to	trust	me.	If	I	mess	up,	I	mess	up.	But	I	want—and	need—your	faith	in
me.”
“Okay,”	I	say,	nodding	and	blinking	back	unexpected	tears.	“I’ll	try.”
“And,	 Lyla?”	 Bonnie	 says.	 “You’ll	 try,	 too?	 To	 cut	 him	 some	 slack?	 And
understand	how	hard	it	must	be	to	raise	you	on	his	own?”
“Yes,”	 Lyla	 says,	 first	 looking	 at	 Bonnie,	 then	 shifting	 her	 gaze	 to	 me.	 “I’ll	 try,

too.	I	promise,	Dad.”
Her	answer	pushes	me	closer	to	the	edge	of	crying,	though	I	manage	to	keep	it
together	by	taking	a	sip	of	tea.
“Well,”	Bonnie	says.	“This	is	a	really	good	start.”
“Yeah,”	I	say.
“Yeah,”	Lyla	echoes.
“Now,”	Bonnie	says	briskly.	“What	do	you	say	we	take	a	little	tour	of	the	world’s
finest	tree	house?”

A

fter	 Tom’s	 grand	 exit,	 Walter	 dismisses	 Finch	 for	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 day,
instructing	him	to	return	to	school	in	the	morning	for	his	scheduled	hearing.
I	don’t	speak	to	him	until	we	get	outside,	telling	him	to	go	straight	home.	That	I’ll
meet	him	there.
Finch	nods,	then	turns	toward	the	student	lot	while	I	walk	straight	ahead	to	my
car.	 I	 get	 in,	 put	 on	 my	 seatbelt,	 and	 take	 a	 few	 deep	 breaths.	 Before	 I	 start	 the
ignition,	I	make	myself	call	Kirk,	knowing	that	I	can’t	drive	and	talk	at	the	same
time.	Not	to	him.	Not	about	this.
“Hey!”	he	says	with	what	I	can	tell	is	forced	cheer.	“Where’ve	you	been?”
“I	thought	Finch	told	you?”	I	say.	“I	went	to	Bristol.”
“Yeah,	he	told	me….What	gives?”
“What	gives?”	I	say.
“I	mean,	why	did	you	go	home?”	he	asks,	as	I	see	Finch’s	Mercedes	appear	in	my
rearview	mirror.	He	drives	past	me,	then	up	to	the	front	gate,	and	makes	a	right
turn	toward	home.
“To	see	my	parents.	And	Julie,”	I	say.
“Okay.	Well,	why	didn’t	you	call	me?”	he	asks.
“I	was	just	really	busy….I	needed	to	get	away….Kirk,	we	have	to	talk.”
“All	right,”	he	says.	“How	about	dinner	tonight?	Just	the	two	of	us?”
“No.	Now.	I	actually	need	you	to	come	home	right	now.	Finch	and	I	are	on	our
way.	Walter	just	asked	him	to	leave	school	for	the	day.”
“What?	Why?	What’s	going	on?”	he	says.
I	finally	have	his	full	attention—and	not	some	patronizing	portion	of	it.	“I’ll	see
you	at	home,	Kirk.	I’m	not	doing	this	over	the	phone.”
—
SOMEHOW	 KIRK	BEATS	 me	home	from	his	office.	Dammit,	I	say	under	my	breath.	I
pull	into	my	usual	spot	in	front,	then	run	inside	before	they	have	time	to	get	their
stories	straight.	Clearly,	they	are	doing	exactly	that	when	I	walk	into	Kirk’s	office.

In	midsentence,	Finch	suddenly	stops	talking,	as	they	both	stare	up	at	me.
“Did	I	interrupt	something?”	I	say,	feeling	as	sick	as	I	did	when	I	read	the	email
exchange	with	Bob	Tate.
“No,”	Kirk	says.	“Of	course	not.”	He	walks	toward	me,	as	if	to	hug	me,	and	says,
“Nice	to	see	you,	too.”
I	take	a	step	back	and	say,	“Kirk,	I	need	you	to	tell	me	the	truth.	For	once.”
He	blinks,	chuckles,	then	says,	“What	are	you	talking	about	now?”
“You	tell	me,”	I	say,	then	turn	my	gaze	to	Finch.	“Or	our	son	can	tell	me.”
“Mom—”	Finch	begins	to	say.	“I	told	you	the	truth.”
“No,	Finch,”	I	say	as	loudly	as	I	can	without	actually	yelling.	“You	did	not.”
Finch	 glances	 furtively	 at	 Kirk,	 who	 paces	 back	 over	 toward	 the	 fireplace	 and
leans	on	the	paneled	wall.
“Kirk,”	 I	 say.	 “Do	 you	 have	 anything	 you	 want	 to	 tell	 me?	 Maybe	 something
about	those	concert	tickets?”
“Honey,	 please—”	 Kirk	 says.	 Because	 of	 course	 he’ll	 never	 just	 confess.	 Not
unless	he	knows	for	a	fact	that	he’s	been	busted;	maybe	not	even	then.	“What	are
you	talking	about?”
“I’m	talking	about	Bob	Tate…and	the	four	tickets	to	see	Luke	Bryan	that	Beau
allegedly	paid	for?”
Kirk	 and	 Finch	 exchange	 a	 fleeting	 look	 that	 causes	 something	 inside	 me	 to
snap.	“Stop	lying	to	me!	Both	of	you!”	I	yell,	fighting	back	tears	of	desperation	and
anger.	I	stare	at	Kirk,	then	Finch,	then	back	at	Kirk.	Only	one	of	them	looks	the
slightest	bit	contrite,	and	it	isn’t	the	man	I	married.
“I’m	 sorry,	 Mom,”	 Finch	 says,	 running	 his	 hands	 through	 his	 hair.	 “I	 just
wanted	to—”
“What	you	wanted,”	I	say.	“See?	That’s	just	it.	It’s	always	about	what	you	and
your	father	want.”
Finch	closes	his	mouth,	then	bites	his	lip.	“I’m	sorry,”	he	says	again,	this	time	in
a	whisper.
I	cut	my	eyes	to	Kirk	and	say,	“How	could	you	do	this?	To	him?	To	me?	To	our
family?”
“Do	what?”	he	has	the	audacity	to	ask	me.	“Let	him	go	to	a	concert	with	a	girl	he
likes?”
I	 swallow	 and	 shake	 my	 head.	 “No.	 How	 can	 you	 teach	 him	 to	 be	 this	 kind	 of
person?”
“Mom,”	Finch	interjects	with	a	note	of	desperation	that	makes	him	seem	a	good

three	 years	 younger	 than	 he	 is.	 It	 gives	 me	 a	 pang	 in	 my	 chest	 that	 physically
hurts.
I	raise	my	brow,	waiting.
“I	 promise	 you,	 Mom,”	 he	 continues	 to	 plead.	 “I	 swear	 to	 you.	 I’m	 not	 lying
about	the	picture	and	Polly.	I	didn’t	take	the	picture.	She	did.”
“So	let	me	get	this	straight,”	I	say,	staring	at	my	son.	“You	were	lying	the	night
of	 the	 party,	 and	 on	 the	 Monday	 after	 the	 party	 in	 Mr.	 Quarterman’s	 office,	 and
the	 day	 of	 the	 concert	 when	 you	 said	 Beau	 got	 the	 tickets.	 But…you	 aren’t	 lying
now?”
Finch	nods	and	says,	“Yeah,	Mom.	That’s	correct.”
“So	what	changed?”	I	say,	desperately	wanting	to	believe	him.
“Well,	I’ve	been	doing	a	lot	of	thinking….And…and,	Mom,	I	was	trying	to	do	the
right	thing	all	along,”	he	stammers.	“I	only	wanted	those	tickets	so	I	could	show
Lyla	how	I	feel	about	her.	And	Dad	knew	that.	That’s	why	he	let	me	go.”
Out	of	the	corner	of	my	eye,	I	can	see	Kirk	nodding,	his	son	having	just	made	a
solid	closing	argument.	I	feel	both	of	them	staring	at	me,	awaiting	my	reply.
“Well,”	I	say.	“Do	you	know	that	your	father	tried	to	bribe	Mr.	Volpe?”
“Nina,”	Kirk	says.	“That’s	enough.”
I	shake	my	head.	“No,	Kirk!	He	should	know	this,”	I	say,	looking	at	Finch	again.
“Did	you	know	your	father	gave	Tom	Volpe	fifteen	thousand	dollars	so	that	he’d
make	this	Honor	Council	hearing	go	away?”
Finch	 hesitates,	 just	 long	 enough	 to	 give	 himself	 away.	 He	 already	 knows.	 He
was	in	on	that,	too.
“Never	mind,”	I	say,	amazed	that	my	disgust	could	still	be	growing.	“Although,
while	we’re	on	the	topic,	Kirk…Tom	gave	back	your	money.”
“That	guy’s	a	loser,”	Kirk	replies	under	his	breath.
“No,	Kirk.	Tom	Volpe	is	far	from	a	loser.	He’s	a	good	person.	And	a	great	father
raising	a	wonderful	young	woman,	who,	for	some	reason,	really	likes	our	son!”
“For	some	reason?”	Kirk	says.	“Wow,	Nina.	That’s	real	nice.”
I	take	a	deep	breath.	“Can	we	speak	privately	for	a	moment?”	I	ask	Kirk.
He	nods,	then	follows	me	to	our	bedroom,	surprising	me	with	the	first	thing	out
of	his	mouth.	“Look,	Nina.	I’m	really	sorry—”
“What	are	you	sorry	for,	Kirk?	The	bribe?	The	lies	about	the	concert?	Or	being
unfaithful	to	me?”
“Unfaithful?!”	Kirk	says,	way	overacting	with	the	most	shocked,	indignant	look
I’ve	ever	seen	from	him.	“Why	would	you	say	that?	What’s	gotten	into	you	lately?

You’re	not	acting	like	yourself	at	all.”
“I	 know,”	 I	 say.	 “I	 haven’t	 been	 acting	 like	 myself	 for	 several	 years	 now.	 Not
since	I	let	you	turn	me	into	some	Belle	Meade	trophy	wife.”
“Trophy	 wife?”	 he	 scoffs.	 “We’ve	 been	 together	 since	 college.	 What	 are	 you
talking	about?”
“You	know	what	I’m	talking	about,	Kirk.	I’m	an	accessory.	That’s	how	you	see
me.	Our	whole	life	is	so…phony	and	fake.	I’m	done	with	it.”
“Done	 with	 what,	 exactly?”	 he	 shouts	 back	 at	 me.	 “Our	 beautiful	 homes?	 Our
trips?	Our	lifestyle?”
“Yes.	All	of	the	above.	But	mostly?	I’m	done	with	you,	Kirk.	With	your	fuckedup	priorities.	Your	lies.	Your	ego	and	bullshit.	The	example	you’ve	set	for	our	son
—”
“Our	 son?	 You	 mean	 how	 he’s	 a	 really	 good	 kid	 who	 just	 got	 accepted	 to
Princeton?	That	kind	of	example?”
“Oh,	God.	Enough	of	the	good	kid	routine.	Please,	Kirk.	Good	kids	don’t	scheme
against	their	mothers.	Good	kids	don’t	lie	right	in	the	faces	of	their	headmasters.”
“He	did	that	to	cover	for	Polly.	It	was…chivalrous.”
“I	 don’t	 think	 so,	 Kirk,”	 I	 say,	 my	 doubts	 finally	 crystallizing.	 “I’m	 not	 saying
Finch	took	the	picture.	But	there	is	more	to	the	story	than	he’s	telling	us.	At	least
more	than	he’s	telling	me.	And…and	I	just	can’t	be	on	board	with	this	dynamic	any
longer….I	want	a	divorce.”
As	 Kirk	 stares	 at	 me,	 mouth	 agape,	 it	 occurs	 to	 me	 that	 there	 is	 actually	 one
thing	he	could	say	to	change	my	heart,	at	least	a	little.	He	could	tell	me	that	I’m
right—or	at	least	that	he’s	sorry.	Genuinely,	this	time.
Instead,	he	looks	right	through	me	and	says,	“I	think	you’re	making	a	really	big
mistake.	But	if	this	is	what	you	truly	want…then	I	won’t	try	to	stop	you.”
I	 shake	 my	 head	 and	 feel	 tears	 start	 to	 pour	 down	 my	 face.	 “You	 know	 what,
Kirk?	Teddy…at	age	nineteen,	protested	more	than	this	when	I	broke	up	with	him
in	college.”
Kirk	rolls	his	eyes	and	says,	“Well.	I’m	sure	you	could	still	get	him	back	if	you
wanted	to.”
“Maybe,”	 I	 say.	 “Because	 he	 really	 loved	 me….But	 I	 don’t	 want	 Teddy	 back.	 I
just	want	myself	back.	And	my	son…if	it’s	not	too	late.”
—
TWENTY-FIVE	 MINUTES	 LATER,	 I’ve	 crossed	 the	 river,	 and	 am	 driving	 through	 the
bungalow-lined	 streets	 of	 what	 used	 to	 be	 Nashville’s	 streetcar	 suburb.	 I	 didn’t
memorize	the	Volpes’	address	from	our	last	visit,	but	I	remember	how	to	get	there

—down	Ordway	and	a	left	on	Avondale.	When	I	arrive,	I	pull	past	their	house	and
park	on	the	other	side	of	the	street.	As	I’m	about	to	get	out	of	the	car,	Melanie	calls
me.	Before	I	can	think	better	of	it,	I	answer.
“Finally!”	she	says,	sounding	frantic	but	relieved.	“What	the	heck	is	going	on?”
“What	do	you	mean?”	I	say,	wondering	what	exactly	she’s	referring	to,	and	how
much	she	knows.
“I	mean	with	Polly?	I	heard	that	she	was	the	one	who	took	the	photo,	after	all!
And	then	she	called	Lyla	a	slut!	And	vandalized	her	porch!”
“Where	 did	 you	 hear	 that?”	 I	 ask,	 marveling	 once	 again	 at	 how	 quickly	 gossip
spreads.
“Beau.	 He	 just	 texted	 from	 school.	 Said	 he	 heard	 y’all	 just	 had	 a	 meeting	 with
Walter?	And	that	Polly	and	her	parents	and	Tom	Volpe	were	there,	too?”
I	tell	her	she	is	correct.
“Beau	also	told	me	that	Walter’s	questioning	kids	today.	Bringing	them	in	one
by	 one.	 It	 sounds	 like	 he’s	 on	 a	 rampage.	 A	 total	 witch	 hunt.	 I’m	 panicked	 that
he’s	going	to	suspend	more	of	them	for	drinking.”
“Maybe,”	 I	 say.	 “Or	 maybe	 he’s	 just	 trying	 to	 get	 to	 the	 bottom	 of	 what
happened.	It’s	coming	down	to	a	he	said,	she	said.”
“Yeah.	But	it’s	clear	Polly	had	a	motive.	Jealousy,	pure	and	simple.”
“I	don’t	know,	Mel,”	I	say,	as	I	survey	the	scene	of	the	crime—at	least	one	of	the
crimes.	The	Volpes’	house	is	set	on	a	rather	steep	hill,	two	flights	of	concrete	steps
leading	up	from	the	street	to	the	front	porch,	a	small	grassy	landing	in	between.
There	is	no	cover	whatsoever,	and	it	would	take	nerves	of	steel	to	climb	all	those
steps	and	vandalize	an	exposed	porch	so	close	to	the	street.	“I	just	can’t	see	Polly
doing	this.”
Melanie	sighs,	clearly	annoyed.	“The	picture	or	the	porch?”
“Either.	 I	 wasn’t	 at	 the	 party.	 And	 I	 wasn’t	 home	 last	 night,”	 I	 say.	 “I	 was	 in
Bristol	with	my	parents.”
“But	wasn’t	Kirk	home?”	she	asks.	“Wouldn’t	he	know	if	Finch	left	your	house?”
“You	 would	 think.	 But	 maybe	 Finch	 sneaked	 out.	 Or	 maybe	 Kirk	 just…looked
the	other	way.	He’s	not	exactly	reliable	these	days,”	I	say.
I	 then	 ask	 her	 if	 she	 knew	 that	 the	 boys	 went	 to	 the	 Luke	 Bryan	 concert	 with
Lyla	and	her	friend.
She	hesitates,	then	says	yes,	she	did.	“I’m	sorry	I	didn’t	tell	you.	But	Kirk	told
me	not	to	mention	it…because	you’d	say	no…and	I	thought	it	was	a	sweet	gesture.
I’m	sorry.”
I	 almost	 tell	 her	 that	 I	 can’t	 believe	 she	 lied	 to	 me,	 but	 I	 actually	 can.	 I’m

suddenly	as	done	with	her	as	I	am	with	Kirk,	thinking	that	Julie	would	never	in	a
million	years	conspire	with	anyone	against	me.	And	certainly	not	with	Kirk.
“Nina?”	 Melanie	 asks,	 as	 I	 see	 Tom	 and	 Lyla	 pull	 up	 to	 the	 curb	 on	 the	 other
side	of	the	street.	“Are	you	still	there?”
“Yeah,”	I	say,	watching	as	father	and	daughter	get	out	of	their	car	and	walk	up
to	the	front	door,	neither	of	them	noticing	me.
“Honey.	We’re	just	trying	to	save	you	from	yourself….Please	don’t	take	this	the
wrong	way,”	she	continues,	which	is	almost	always	a	precursor	to	an	insult,	“but
you’re	so…irrational	these	days.	I	mean	why	would	Finch	vandalize	her	property
when	he’s	already	going	to	the	Honor	Council?”
“I	 don’t	 know.	 To	 frame	 Polly?”	 I	 say,	 desperately	 hoping	 that	 that’s	 not	 the
case.
Melanie	 continues	 to	 tell	 me	 how	 unstable	 I	 sound,	 how	 worried	 she	 is	 about
me,	how	nothing	is	more	important	than	“our	boys.”
I	 can’t	 hear	 another	 word	 of	 it.	 I	 tell	 her	 that	 I	 have	 to	 go.	 And	 that,	 for	 the
record,	I	can	think	of	a	few	things	that	are	just	as	important—maybe	more.
“Like	what?”
“Like	honesty	and	truth	and	character?”	I	say.
“Oh	my	God,	Nina,”	she	says.	“It’s	like	you	think	you’re	better	than	all	of	us.”
“Better	than	who?”	I	say,	really	wanting	to	know.
“Your	husband.	And	all	of	your	friends.	At	least	I	thought	we	were	your	friends.”
“Yeah,”	I	say.	“I	really	thought	so,	too.”

A

few	minutes	after	we	get	home	from	visiting	Dad’s	friend	Bonnie	(who	I	never
even	 knew	 existed	 before	 today),	 Mrs.	 Browning	 shows	 up	 at	 our	 house.
Dad’s	back	in	his	bedroom,	so	I	answer	the	door,	feeling	reassured	to	know	that	he
actually	has	friends.
“Hi,	 Lyla,”	 she	 says,	 looking	 and	 sounding	 frazzled.	 She’s	 wearing	 almost	 no
makeup	and	workout	clothes,	her	hair	in	a	messy	ponytail.
“Hi,	Mrs.	Browning,”	I	say.	“Would	you	like	to	come	in?”
“Yes,	 please.	 I’d	 really	 like	 to	 talk	 to	 you	 and	 your	 dad,”	 she	 says,	 just	 as	 he
appears	in	the	hallway	behind	me.
I	brace	myself	for	a	tense	exchange,	but	Bonnie’s	calming	effect	seems	to	have
lingered	because	he	just	says	hello	and	asks	her	to	come	in.	Then	we	all	walk	into
the	living	room.	The	two	of	them	sit	on	the	sofa,	and	I	take	Dad’s	chair.
Mrs.	 Browning	 speaks	 first,	 staring	 down	 at	 her	 hands.	 “I’m	 so	 sorry	 about
everything	that’s	happening.”	She	looks	up	at	my	dad,	then	turns	her	gaze	to	me.
“It’s	 okay,”	 I	 say,	 betting	 that	 Dad	 will	 correct	 me,	 and	 announce	 that	 it’s	 not
okay.
But	he	doesn’t,	saying	only	“Thank	you,	Nina.”
“Yeah,”	I	say.	“Thanks.”
Mrs.	Browning	takes	a	deep	breath,	then	says,	“May	I	ask	you	something,	Lyla?”
I	nod,	staring	back	at	her.
“Who	do	you	think	took	that	photo	of	you?	Finch?	Or	Polly?”
I	hesitate,	not	because	I	have	any	doubts	whatsoever,	but	because	I	know	she	or
my	 dad	 will	 probably	 ask	 for	 my	 reasons	 next,	 and	 it’s	 really	 hard	 to	 put
everything	into	words.
“Go	ahead,	Lyla.	Tell	her	what	you	think,”	Dad	says.
“I	 think	 Polly	 took	 it,”	 I	 blurt	 out.	 “And	 I	 think	 she	 wrote	 that	 word	 on	 our
porch,	too….I	think	she’s	done	everything	out	of	jealousy…because	she	knew	she
was	losing	Finch.	And	now	she’s	lost	him.	For	good.”

My	 cheeks	 burn	 as	 I	 say	 the	 last	 part,	 picturing	 what	 Finch	 and	 I	 did	 in	 his
basement,	and	knowing	Polly	has	very	good	reason	to	be	jealous.	I	don’t	dare	look
over	at	Dad,	for	fear	that	he’ll	be	able	to	figure	that	last	part	out.
“But	 weren’t	 they	 still	 dating	 on	 the	 night	 of	 the	 party?”	 Mrs.	 Browning	 asks,
looking	so	worried	and	confused.	“When	the	photo	was	taken?”
“Technically,	I	guess,”	I	say	with	a	shrug,	acknowledging	to	myself	that	maybe
Finch’s	version	of	the	story	doesn’t	completely	add	up.	But	then	I	remember	the
way	he	looked	at	me	when	I	was	standing	in	Beau’s	kitchen.	And	it	all	makes	sense
again.
Dad	and	Mrs.	Browning	wait	for	me	to	say	more,	but	when	I	don’t,	they	look	at
each	other	instead.	It’s	almost	as	if	they’re	having	a	conversation	with	their	eyes.
Not	the	kind	that	Finch	and	I	have	had—more	of	a	we’re-in-this-bullshit-together
type	 gaze.	 I	 take	 the	 opportunity	 to	 stand	 and	 slip	 out	 of	 the	 room,	 feeling
immense	relief	when	neither	of	them	tries	to	stop	me.
A	few	seconds	later,	I’m	alone	again.	I	close	my	door,	find	my	phone,	and	climb
into	my	bed.	All	I	want	to	do	is	talk	to	Finch.	I	feel	certain	that	he	has	a	positive
update,	 too,	 and	 that	 we	 are	 only	 hours	 away	 from	 his	 name	 being	 cleared.	 One
step	closer	to	being	together—if	we	aren’t	already.
But	I	quickly	discover	that	Finch	has	not	called	or	even	texted.	Instead	I	see	a
text	from	Polly.	My	heart	sinks.	The	last	thing	I	want	to	do	is	read	her	attacks.	But
you	can’t	just	ignore	a	message	from	your	enemy.	So	I	open	it	and	read.
Dear	Lyla,	I	am	so	sorry	that	I	called	you	a	slut.	It	was	a	really	ugly	thing	to	say,	and	I
actually	don’t	think	that	about	you.	I’ve	just	been	really	upset	and	confused	about	so	much.
But	I	did	NOT	take	that	picture	of	you.	It	was	Finch	and	Beau.	And	I	have	proof.	I	also	have
something	else	really	big	to	tell	you.	Will	you	please	call	me?	Please,	Lyla.	I’m	desperate
and	scared	and	begging	you.	From	the	bottom	of	my	broken	heart,	Polly

I	finish	reading,	telling	myself	that	she’s	full	of	shit.	Just	trying	to	cover	her	ass
and	pin	everything	back	on	Finch	because	that’s	how	bitter	and	jealous	she	is.	The
very	definition	of	a	hater.	I	tell	myself	to	delete	the	text	and	erase	every	word	from
my	memory.
But	I	can’t	and	don’t.	Because	deep	down,	I’m	feeling	pretty	scared,	too.
—
THE	 AFTERNOON	 CRAWLS	 by	as	I	read	Polly’s	text	over	and	over	and	over,	believing
her	a	bit	more	each	time.	What	makes	me	feel	so	much	worse	is	that	Finch	doesn’t
call	or	text.	I	end	up	falling	asleep,	with	my	ringer	on	high	just	in	case.
Around	six	o’clock,	I	awaken	to	another	text	message	from	Polly.	This	one	is	a
photo.	I	brace	myself	as	I	click	on	it,	waiting	for	it	to	download,	somehow	knowing
that	it’s	going	to	be	bad.
But	it	turns	out	to	be	much,	much	worse	than	anything	I	could	have	imagined.

Because	it’s	another	photo	of	me	on	Beau’s	bed.	A	close-up	of	my	face	with	a	semihard	 penis	 resting	 on	 the	 bridge	 of	 my	 nose,	 pointing	 toward	 my	 mouth,	 almost
touching	my	lips.	At	first	I	think	it	must	be	Photoshopped	in—it’s	just	so	shocking
and	horrible	and	disgusting.	But	after	staring	at	it	a	few	seconds,	I	can	tell	that	it’s
not.	It’s	real.	A	real	penis	touching	my	face.	I	can’t	say	for	sure	who	it	belongs	to,
but	I	think	I	may	recognize	it,	along	with	the	hand	holding	it.
My	heart	shatters	as	another	ellipses	appears,	followed	by	a	plea.	Please,	please	call
me.

This	time,	I	do.
Polly	 answers,	 saying	 only	 hi.	 But	 in	 that	 one	 syllable,	 I	 can	 tell	 she’s	 been
crying,	probably	for	a	long	time.
“Where	did	you	get	that?”	I	say,	too	shocked	to	cry	myself.	“Did	Finch	send	you
that?”
“No.	It’s	actually	a	photo	I	took	off	his	phone.	They	don’t	know	I	have	it,”	she
says,	her	words	slurring	together	a	little.
“They?”	I	ask,	even	though	I	already	have	a	pretty	good	guess	who	his	wingman
is.
“Finch	 and	 Beau.	 I	 found	 so	 many	 photos	 of	 them	 with	 girls,”	 she	 says.
“Including	me.”
“You?”	I	say,	floored.
“Yeah.	And	videos	of	me	and	him,	too,”	she	mumbles.	“Sex	videos	he	told	me	he
deleted.	But	they’re	all	there.	On	his	phone…”
“Oh	my	God,	Polly!”	I	say,	completely	freaking	out.	“You	have	to	tell	on	him.	We
both	do!”
“No,”	she	says.	“I	can’t.	My	parents	would	kill	me.”
“But	we	can’t	let	him	get	away	with	this!”	I	say.	“We	can’t!”
“It’s	too	late.”
“What	do	you	mean	it’s	too	late?”	I	shout.	“The	Honor	Council	meets	tomorrow.
It’s	not	too	late	at	all!”
“I	 can’t….I’d	 rather	 be	 in	 trouble	 for	 what	 they’re	 saying	 I	 did	 than	 have	 my
parents	see	all	of	this.”
“No!”	 I	 say.	 “You	 didn’t	 do	 anything	 wrong!	 You	 just	 had	 sex	 with	 a	 boy	 you
liked.”
“You	 don’t	 know	 my	 parents,”	 she	 says,	 her	 voice	 sounding	 oddly	 distant.	 “I
can’t	deal	with	this	anymore.	I	can’t…I	just	want	to	disappear…forever.”
“No,	wait!	Polly!”	I	yell	into	the	phone,	but	she’s	already	hung	up.

My	mind	races,	wondering	what	to	do,	just	as	I	hear	my	dad	call	me	for	dinner.	I
suddenly	want	to	see	him—if	only	not	to	be	alone—and	practically	run	to	the	table.
“Voilà.	Linguine	and	clams,”	he	says	when	I	get	there.	“Just	pretend	they’re	not
from	a	can.	And	the	broccoli’s	not	from	a	bag!”
I	 manage	 to	 force	 a	 smile.	 But	 of	 course	 he	 sees	 how	 fake	 it	 is	 and	 says,	 “Are
things	really	that	bad?”
“Yeah,	Dad,”	I	say,	feeling	shaky.	“Kinda.	Yes.”
“Talk	to	me,”	he	says	through	the	steam	still	rising	from	our	plates	of	pasta.
I	want	to	tell	him.	I	really	do.	I	even	take	a	deep	breath	and	try	to	tell	him.	But	I
just	 can’t.	 Not	 about	 this.	 I	 get	 one	 of	 my	 intense	 pangs	 of	 wishing	 Mom	 were
around.	Well,	maybe	not	Mom	herself.	But	a	normal	mother.
“Lyla?	What’s	going	on?”
I	shake	my	head,	then	tell	him	the	truth.	That	I	love	him	and	he’s	a	great	father,
but	this	just	isn’t	the	kind	of	thing	I	want	to	talk	with	him	about.	“I’m	sorry,	Dad.”
I	expect	him	to	get	frustrated,	maybe	even	angry,	but	instead	he	reaches	into	his
back	 pocket	 and	 pulls	 out	 a	 Post-it	 note.	 He	 slides	 it	 across	 the	 table	 and	 says,
“Here.”
I	look	down	and	see	Nina	Browning’s	full	name	printed	in	small,	pretty	script.
Under	it	is	her	phone	number.	“She	gave	me	this	today—to	give	to	you.”
“Why?”	I	say,	picking	it	up,	surprised	to	realize	that	there	is	nothing	I’d	rather
be	holding	at	this	second	than	Mrs.	Browning’s	phone	number.
Dad	 shrugs	 and	 says,	 “I	 guess	 because	 she’s	 worried	 about	 you.	 And	 she	 likes
you.	She	said	you	could	call	her.	Anytime.”
“Wow,”	I	say.	“That’s	so	nice.”
Dad	nods	and	says,	“Yes.	She	is	nice.”	Then	he	picks	up	his	fork	and	suggests	we
eat.
“Dad?	Can	I	please	be	excused?”	I	ask.
He	looks	surprised,	and	maybe	a	little	disappointed,	but	simply	says,	“Yes.	Go
ahead.	You	can	eat	later.”
—
A	 MINUTE	 LATER,	 I’m	 back	 in	 my	 bedroom,	 the	 note	 still	 in	 my	 hand.	 I	 dial	 her
number.	“Mrs.	Browning?”	I	say	when	she	answers	on	the	first	ring.
“Yes.	Is	this	Lyla?”
“Yes.	My	dad	just	gave	me	your	number….Are	you	busy?”
“No,”	she	says.	“I	was	just	finishing	coffee.	I’m	at	Bongo.	The	one	near	you.”

Feeling	overcome	with	relief	that	she’s	so	nearby,	I	ask	her	if	she’ll	come	get	me.
I	 tell	 her	 that	 I	 need	 to	 talk	 to	 someone	 about	 Polly.	 That	 it’s	 kind	 of	 an
emergency.	That	I’m	worried	she	may	try	to	hurt	herself.
Her	voice	is	calm	and	reassuring	as	she	tells	me	she’s	going	to	hang	up	and	call
Polly’s	parents—and	she’ll	head	over	to	see	me	after	that.
“Are	you	sure?”	I	say,	feeling	guilty.	“I	know	it’s	getting	late.”
“I’m	sure,	Lyla,”	she	says.	“I’ll	be	right	there.”

A

fter	leaving	Tom	and	Lyla’s	house	earlier	this	afternoon,	I	do	not	go	home.	I
can’t.	Instead,	I	drive	around	again.	Only	this	time,	it’s	not	quite	as	aimless.
As	filled	with	despair	as	I	am,	I	have	a	vague	purpose	now,	along	with	hope.	I	am
looking	for	somewhere	to	live	after	I	move	out,	trying	to	imagine	the	beginning	of
a	 new,	 different	 life.	 I	 decide	 East	 Nashville	 really	 might	 be	 the	 answer.	 Not	 the
only	answer—I	can	actually	picture	moving	back	to	Bristol	for	a	while.	Or	maybe
I’ll	get	an	apartment	in	Princeton—or	wherever	Finch	winds	up	going	to	college.
But	if	I	do	stay	in	Nashville,	I	want	to	be	on	this	side	of	the	river,	with	people	less
like	 Kirk	 and	 Melanie,	 and	 more	 like	 Tom	 and	 Lyla.	 All	 I	 know	 for	 sure	 is	 that
Finch	 is	 now	 my	 only	 real	 priority,	 and	 wherever	 I	 physically	 end	 up,	 I	 will	 do
everything	I	possibly	can	to	help	him	become	a	good	man.	The	person	I	know	he
can	be.
As	afternoon	becomes	evening,	I	wind	up	at	the	same	coffee	shop	in	Five	Points
where	Tom	and	I	first	met.	Our	table	is	taken,	but	I	sit	at	the	one	next	to	it,	laying
out	 the	 real	 estate	 brochures	 and	 newspapers	 that	 I’ve	 picked	 up	 over	 the	 day.	 I
then	pull	a	pen	from	my	purse	and	start	circling	listings	while	I	sip	a	decaf	latte.	I
allow	myself	to	dream	a	little	about	all	the	possibilities	of	a	new	life	that	could	lie
ahead	for	Finch	and	me.
Then,	 just	 as	 I’m	 gathering	 up	 my	 things	 with	 thoughts	 of	 going	 home,	 my
phone	rings	with	a	number	I	don’t	recognize.	At	first	I	think	it	might	be	a	realtor
calling	 me	 back,	 as	 I’ve	 contacted	 a	 few	 already.	 But	 when	 I	 answer	 it,	 I	 hear	 a
girl’s	voice	saying,	“Mrs.	Browning?”
“Yes,”	I	say.	“Is	this	Lyla?”
“Yes.	My	dad	just	gave	me	your	number….Are	you	busy?”
“No,”	I	say.	“I	was	just	finishing	coffee.	I’m	at	Bongo.	The	one	near	you.”
“Oh,	wow,”	she	says,	then	blurts	out,	“Could	you	come	get	me?”
“Now?”	I	say.
“Only	if	you	can….I’m	just	worried,	and	it’s	kind	of	hard	to	talk	to	my	dad	about
this,”	 she	 babbles,	 then	 uses	 the	 word	 emergency.	 Of	 all	 things,	 she	 says	 she’s
worried	about	Polly.	That	she	may	do	something	to	hurt	herself.
“Why	do	you	say	that?”	I	ask,	heading	toward	my	car.	“What	happened?”

“She’s	just	really,	really	upset	about	some	things,”	Lyla	says.
I	tell	myself	that	teenage	girls	are	prone	to	melodrama,	and	yet,	I	can’t	help	but
think	of	some	of	the	calls	I’ve	answered	for	Nashville’s	suicide	helpline,	as	well	as
the	 girl	 from	 Windsor	 who	 took	 her	 life.	 The	 very	 reason	 Kirk	 and	 I	 went	 to	 the
gala	the	night	of	Beau’s	party.	“Honey,	let	me	try	to	call	the	Smiths,”	I	say.	“Then
I’ll	head	over	to	see	you.	Okay?”
“Are	you	sure?”	Lyla	says.	“I	know	it’s	getting	late.”
“I’m	sure,	Lyla,”	I	say.	“I’ll	be	right	there.”
In	a	low-grade	panic,	I	hang	up	and	log	on	to	the	Windsor	directory,	finding	the
Smiths’	home	and	cell	numbers.	I	don’t	expect	them	to	answer—and	they	don’t—
but	I	leave	multiple	messages	asking	them	to	please	call	me.	I	add	that	it’s	urgent
and	 about	 Polly.	 Then	 I	 start	 my	 car	 and	 drive	 back	 to	 Avondale	 for	 the	 second
time	today.
When	 I	 arrive	 five	 minutes	 later,	 I	 see	 Lyla	 standing	 by	 the	 street,	 her	 white
high-top	 sneakers,	 light	 jeans,	 and	 a	 silver	 bomber	 jacket	 all	 glowing	 in	 my
headlights.	There’s	no	way	that	I	could	miss	her,	but	she	still	waves	frantically	at
my	car,	then	runs	up	to	my	window.
“Hi,”	she	says,	out	of	breath.	“Did	you	call	Polly’s	parents?”
“Yeah.	I	tried	them,	but	no	one	answered.”
“She’s	not	answering	her	phone,	either,”	Lyla	says.
“Okay,”	I	say,	trying	to	stay	calm.	“I	think	I’ll	drive	over	there	and	knock	on	the
door.	Just	to	be	sure.”
Lyla	nods,	then	asks	if	she	can	come	with	me.
For	reasons	I	can’t	pinpoint	in	the	adrenaline-filled	moment,	I	feel	relieved	by
the	offer.	Her	mere	presence.	“Okay,”	I	say.	“Is	it	all	right	with	your	dad?”
“Yes.	 I	 told	 him	 you	 were	 coming	 over.	 But	 I’ll	 text	 him,”	 she	 says,	 then	 runs
around	 my	 car	 and	 gets	 in.	 The	 second	 her	 door	 is	 closed	 and	 her	 seatbelt
fastened,	she	pulls	her	phone	from	her	jacket	pocket.
As	I	do	a	quick	three-point	turn,	then	make	a	right	on	Ordway,	I	ask	Lyla	to	tell
me	more	about	her	conversation	with	Polly.
I	 feel	 her	 looking	 at	 me	 as	 she	 hesitates,	 then	 says,	 “She	 told	 me	 that	 she	 has
proof	it	wasn’t	her	who	took	that	picture	of	me.	And	that	there	are	other	pictures,
too.	Of	other	girls.”
“What	kind	of	pictures?”	I	say.
“You	know…embarrassing…sexual-type	pictures	she	doesn’t	feel	like	she	can	tell
Mr.	Q	or	her	parents	about.”
As	things	start	to	come	into	horrifying	focus,	I	clench	the	steering	wheel	to	keep

my	hands	from	shaking.	“Lyla?”	I	say.	“Did	Finch	take	these	pictures?”
“Yes.	Along	with	Beau,	apparently,”	Lyla	says	softly.	“I	might	not	have	believed
her…but	Polly	sent	me	one	of	them	tonight.	It	was	of	me.	And	Finch.	When	I	was
passed	out.	And	it	was…really	bad.”
“Oh	my	God,”	I	hear	myself	say,	my	heart	shattering.
As	 I	 press	 down	 on	 the	 gas	 pedal,	 I	 am	 bombarded	 with	 images	 of	 Finch.	 The
perfect	 newborn	 baby	 sleeping	 in	 my	 arms.	 The	 spirited	 five-year-old,	 making
rutabaga	 stew	 on	 the	 steps	 of	 the	 Parthenon.	 The	 ten-year-old	 at	 the	 beach,
building	sand	castles	with	Julie’s	girls,	only	half	his	age.
I	 just	 can’t	 believe	 it.	 What’s	 happening	 now.	 The	 person	 my	 son	 has	 both
slowly	and	suddenly	become.
And	 yet	 I	 do.	 Because	 sometimes	 you	 just	 can’t	 see	 the	 things	 that	 are	 the
closest	to	you.
—
BY	THE	TIME	 we	pull	into	Polly’s	driveway,	my	focus	has	returned	to	her,	and	what
we	 need	 to	 do	 in	 the	 moment.	 All	 the	 lights	 are	 on	 and	 two	 cars	 are	 in	 the
driveway.	I	take	it	as	a	hopeful	sign,	although	I	can	still	think	of	a	bad	scenario,
too.
“What	should	we	do?”	I	say,	as	if	Lyla’s	the	adult	and	I’m	the	child.
“I	dunno.	Go	ring	their	doorbell?”	Lyla	says,	just	as	a	figure	passes	by	one	of	the
front	windows.	“Is	that	her?”
“I	can’t	tell….It	might	be	her	mom,”	I	say.
“We	should	probably	just	go	find	out,”	she	says.
“Yeah,”	I	say,	but	I	feel	paralyzed	with	fear.
Lyla,	on	the	other	hand,	swings	open	her	door	and	gets	out	of	the	car.	I	stare	at
her,	 marching	 toward	 the	 house,	 amazed	 by	 her	 bravery.	 I	 make	 myself	 follow,
reaching	 her	 as	 she’s	 ringing	 the	 doorbell,	 noticing	 how	 much	 her	 stoic	 profile
resembles	her	father’s.
A	few	seconds	later,	we	can	hear	someone	coming	to	the	door.	I	hold	my	breath,
then	stare	into	Mr.	Smith’s	eyes.	His	first	name	suddenly	escapes	me.
“Hello,	Nina,”	he	says,	looking	first	startled	and	confused,	then	angry	but	calm.
“What	brings	you	here	so	late?”
As	 I	 open	 my	 mouth	 to	 reply,	 he	 shifts	 his	 gaze	 to	 Lyla	 and	 says,	 “And	 you
are…?”
“Lyla	Volpe.	The	girl	from	the	photograph,”	she	says,	talking	quickly	and	utterly
matter-of-factly.	“But	we’re	not	here	for	that,	Mr.	Smith.	We’re	here	because	you
and	Mrs.	Smith	weren’t	answering	your	phones…and	neither	was	Polly.	And	I’m…

we’re…really	worried	about	her.”
He	furrows	his	brow	and	says,	“Worried	how?”
“Um…Well…Polly	called	me	earlier	today.	And	she	sounded	really	upset….”
“She	is	upset,”	he	says,	shooting	me	a	harsh	look.
“Is	she	here?”	Lyla	presses	onward.
“Yes.	She’s	in	her	room,”	he	says,	now	looking	full-fledged	pissed.	“But	she	has
nothing	more	to	say	about	this.”
Meanwhile,	Polly’s	mother	appears	over	his	shoulder.	“Yes.	None	of	us	do,”	she
says.
“I	know,”	I	say.	“And	I’m	so	sorry	for	overstepping…but	could	you	just…check
on	her?	Lyla’s	worried	that	Polly	may	be	in	trouble….”
“Just	 what	 are	 you	 suggesting?”	 Mrs.	 Smith	 says,	 her	 voice	 ice	 cold,	 pushing
past	her	husband.
“I’m	 suggesting	 that	 your	 daughter	 may	 be	 trying	 to	 hurt	 herself,”	 I	 say,	 my
voice	finally	conveying	my	sense	of	panic.
I	 watch	 as	 their	 expressions	 drastically	 change,	 both	 of	 them	 spinning	 away
from	us	and	flying	up	the	spiral	staircase.	Mr.	Smith	takes	the	steps	two	and	three
at	a	time,	his	wife	not	far	behind.	I	feel	frozen	again	but	manage	to	turn	and	look
at	Lyla,	her	expression	mirroring	the	way	I	feel.	One	second	later,	we	hear	horrible
shrieking.	 First	 them	 calling	 Polly’s	 name,	 then	 frantic	 shouts	 for	 us	 to	 call	 911.
Lyla	finds	her	phone	first,	her	fingers	dialing	those	three	dreaded	digits.
“I’m	 calling	 to	 report	 an	 emergency,”	 she	 says,	 her	 voice	 shaky	 but	 slow	 and
clear.	 “I	 think	 someone	 has	 tried	 to	 kill	 herself….Yes,	 just	 now…a	 girl…
seventeen….The	address?…Hold	on….”	She	looks	at	me,	wide-eyed	with	fear.
I	blank	for	the	second	time	in	minutes,	unable	to	conjure	even	the	street	name.
What	 is	 wrong	 with	 me,	 I	 think,	 as	 Lyla	 heads	 right	 up	 the	 stairs,	 shouting,	 “I
need	your	address!	I’m	on	with	911!”
I	hear	more	hysterical	screaming.	Then	nothing.	A	second	later,	Lyla	reappears
at	the	top	of	the	staircase,	wildly	motioning	at	me.	“Mrs.	Browning!	You	need	to
move	your	car!	An	ambulance	is	coming!”
In	a	state	of	shock,	I	do	as	I’m	told,	running	to	my	car,	then	back	to	the	foyer,
where	I	pace	and	pray.	For	both	Polly	and	Lyla.

I

t	 is	 totally	 impossible	 to	 process.	 Both	 where	 I	 am	 and	 what	 I	 am	 watching
unfold,	 second	 by	 second.	 Only	 a	 few	 hours	 ago,	 Polly	 was	 my	 mortal	 enemy,
and	now	I	am	standing	in	the	corner	of	her	enormous	bedroom,	the	walls	painted
a	 muted	 gray-lavender,	 witnessing	 the	 most	 intensely	 personal,	 gut-wrenching
moment	of	her	life.	A	moment	that	could	possibly	end	in	her	death.
Her	 parents	 are	 here,	 too,	 of	 course,	 both	 of	 them	 hysterical,	 and	 no	 less	 so
since	the	arrival	of	two	paramedics—a	badass	all-female	team	doing	what	I’ve	seen
so	 many	 times	 on	 Grey’s	 Anatomy	 and	 countless	 other	 shows	 and	 movies.
Checking	 Polly’s	 vitals.	 Moving	 her	 from	 her	 canopy	 bed	 (the	 same	 one	 I’ve
admired	in	the	Restoration	Hardware	Teen	catalog)	onto	a	stretcher.	Cutting	her
black	 sweatshirt	 right	 down	 the	 front	 with	 a	 huge	 pair	 of	 scissors.	 Ripping	 open
packages	of	vials	and	other	supplies.	Inserting	a	tube	down	Polly’s	throat.	All	the
while,	they	talk	to	each	other	in	a	foreign	medical	language,	while	trying	to	keep
Mr.	and	Mrs.	Smith	at	bay.
At	one	point,	when	Polly	convulses	and	her	mom	really	starts	to	freak	out,	one
paramedic	looks	up	at	me	and	shouts	for	my	help.	“Get	her	back,”	she	says.
“Mrs.	 Smith.	 Let	 them	 work!”	 I	 say,	 rushing	 forward	 to	 hold	 her	 arm	 for	 a
moment.	Before	I	retreat	again,	I	get	an	unwanted	closer	look	at	Polly.	Her	body	is
completely	 limp,	 her	 skin	 pale.	 Yet,	 thank	 God,	 she	 still	 looks	 more	 asleep	 than
dead.	 Then	 again,	 I’ve	 never	 seen	 a	 dead	 person.	 I	 pray	 that	 Polly	 won’t	 be	 my
first.	She	just	can’t	die.
I	 look	 away	 from	 her,	 returning	 my	 gaze	 to	 the	 empty	 bottles	 of	 Ambien	 and
Maker’s	Mark	that	her	dad	was	holding	when	I	first	ran	into	the	room	and	that	are
now	 on	 the	 floor	 next	 to	 the	 bed.	 Her	 mom’s	 pills	 and	 her	 dad’s	 booze—details
gleaned	when	the	paramedics	first	arrived	and	asked	their	questions.	How	many
pills	were	left?	How	much	whiskey	was	still	in	the	bottle?
At	least	a	dozen,	Mrs.	Smith	said.
Half	a	bottle,	Mr.	Smith	said.
I	wonder	now	whether	the	combination	was	purposeful.	Polly’s	one-two	punch
to	her	parents,	whom	she	felt	she	couldn’t	talk	to	in	a	crisis.	Or	maybe,	actually,
her	 relationship	 with	 them	 was	 more	 like	 mine	 with	 my	 dad.	 Maybe	 Polly	 loved

her	parents	so	much	that	she	would	rather	die	than	see	shame	on	their	faces.
If	only	she	could	see	how	much	worse	this	is.	How	much	more	painful,	even	if
she	winds	up	being	okay.
I	 can’t	 help	 thinking	 of	 my	 dad	 on	 the	 night	 he	 picked	 me	 up	 at	 Grace’s.	 How
much	it	must	have	hurt	him	to	see	me	the	way	I	was.	I	vow	that	no	matter	what,	I
won’t	 ever	 do	 something	 like	 this	 to	 him.	 That	 I	 will	 take	 better	 care	 of	 myself.
Make	better	decisions.	Be	more	like	him	and	less	like	my	mother.	It’s	the	least	I
can	do.
Suddenly	 Mrs.	 Browning	 is	 in	 the	 room	 beside	 me,	 holding	 my	 hand.	 I	 notice
that	her	back	is	to	Polly—that	she	doesn’t	look	at	her	once,	not	until	the	stretcher
is	being	carried	out	of	the	room	and	down	the	stairs	and	to	the	ambulance.	Mrs.
Browning	and	I	follow,	then	stand	on	the	porch,	still	holding	hands,	watching	as
Polly’s	parents	climb	into	the	back	with	the	stretcher	and	one	of	the	paramedics,
while	 the	 other	 one	 runs	 around	 to	 get	 in	 the	 front	 and	 drive.	 We	 stand	 there,
frozen	in	place,	watching	as	the	ambulance	races	away	in	a	blur	of	red	lights	and
wailing	sirens.
After	everything	is	silent	once	more,	I	turn	and	close	the	Smiths’	front	door.	We
then	walk	to	Mrs.	Browning’s	car	and	get	in,	both	of	us	staring	out	the	windshield.
“Do	 you	 think	 she’s	 going	 to	 be	 okay?”	 I	 say	 to	 Mrs.	 Browning	 but	 mostly	 to
myself.
She	shakes	her	head,	then	wipes	away	tears.	“I	don’t	know,	sweetie.	But	if	she
is?	It	will	only	be	because	of	you.”
“And	you,”	I	say.	“Thank	you	for	helping	me.”
Mrs.	Browning	looks	into	my	eyes.	“You’re	welcome….And	I	promise	you,	Lyla,
I’m	going	to	keep	helping	you.”
“Thank	you,”	I	say,	my	mind	returning	to	the	photograph	Polly	sent	me,	just	as
Mrs.	Browning	brings	it	up,	too.
“Lyla.	You	have	to	come	forward	about	the	pictures	Finch	took.	You	know	that,
right?”
I	stare	at	her.
“You	 have	 to…for	 Polly…for	 yourself.	 For	 all	 the	 girls	 who	 have	 ever	 had
something	 like	 this	 happen	 to	 them.”	 She	 pauses,	 glances	 away,	 and	 then	 looks
back	into	my	eyes.	“To	us.”
“Us?”	 I	 say.	 She	 can	 mean	 only	 one	 thing.	 But	 I	 ask	 for	 her	 confirmation
anyway.	“Are	you	one	of	those	girls,	Mrs.	Browning?”
She	 doesn’t	 answer	 me.	 She	 just	 pulls	 away	 from	 the	 curb,	 driving	 in	 the
direction	of	my	house.	At	some	point,	though,	she	begins	to	talk,	telling	me	a	story
of	when	she	was	a	freshman	at	Vanderbilt.	It	is	a	horrible	story	about	a	boy	raping

her.	 She	 tells	 me	 that	 she	 didn’t	 report	 it	 because	 she	 was	 ashamed	 and	 blamed
herself.	She	tells	me	everything	that	happened	afterward,	too.	How	she	broke	up
with	 her	 boyfriend	 the	 very	 next	 day.	 How	 she	 told	 only	 one	 person—her	 best
friend—but	 made	 her	 promise	 to	 keep	 the	 secret	 forever.	 How	 she	 eventually
moved	on	from	the	heartbreak,	meeting,	dating,	and	then	marrying	Finch’s	father.
How	she	desperately	wanted	to	make	her	life	seem	and	look	and	be	perfect.	She
talks	to	me	about	the	dreams	that	she	both	had	and	still	has.	Dreams	I	share.	She
talks	about	love.	And	she	talks	about	truth.	She	talks	a	lot	about	truth.
She	doesn’t	finish	until	we	get	to	my	street,	and	I	don’t	speak	until	her	car	is	in
park	again.	The	first	thing	I	say	is	for	her	sake,	to	try	to	ease	her	pain.
“Finch	isn’t	that	bad,	Mrs.	Browning,”	I	say.
She	looks	unconvinced—and	so	sad.
“I	mean…what	happened	to	me	isn’t	anything	like	what	happened	to	you.”
“Maybe	not,”	she	says,	tearing	up	again.	“But,	Lyla,	Finch	is	plenty	bad	enough.”
I	 don’t	 know	 what	 to	 say	 to	 this,	 because	 I	 know	 she’s	 right.	 So	 I	 just	 tell	 her
again	how	much	I	appreciate	her	help	tonight.	How	grateful	I	am	for	her.
“Oh,	 sweetie,”	 she	 says,	 leaning	 over	 to	 hug	 me.	 “You’re	 the	 one	 who	 did
everything….I’m	so	proud	of	you….”
“Thank	you,”	I	say,	then	ask	her	again	if	she	thinks	Polly’s	going	to	be	okay.
“I	do,”	she	says	this	time.	“And	Lyla?”
“Yes?”	I	look	at	her,	waiting.
“I	also	think	you	may	have	saved	more	than	one	life	tonight.”

W

hen	I	get	home,	I	hear	Finch	and	Kirk	talking	and	watching	television	in	the
family	room,	sickeningly	oblivious	to	the	fact	that	Polly	is	fighting	for	her
life.	I	go	straight	down	the	hall	to	my	bedroom	and	start	packing.	I	grab	a	small
duffel	bag,	and	I	put	in	only	essentials:	jeans,	T-shirts,	pajamas,	socks,	underwear,
and	toiletries.	I	then	remove	my	wedding	ring,	along	with	all	the	pieces	of	jewelry
that	Kirk	has	given	me,	laying	them	on	his	nightstand.
I	 tell	 myself	 to	 remember	 this	 moment	 later,	 if	 and	 when	 we	 are	 fighting	 over
money.	I	tell	myself	that	although	I	will	try	to	get	what	is	fair,	I	actually	don’t	want
anything	from	him	anymore.
I	 glance	 around	 the	 room,	 thinking	 back	 to	 when	 we	 bought	 this	 house,	 how
excited	 I	 was	 when	 we	 moved	 in—even	 happier	 as	 I	 slowly	 decorated	 it	 with
furnishings,	 rugs,	 and	 art.	 The	 memories	 make	 me	 feel	 sheepish	 and	 shallow,
borderline	nauseated,	until	something	else	dawns	on	me.	I	realize	I	never	wanted
it	to	be	about	accumulating	beautiful	things	or	presenting	a	mere	façade	of	a	good
life.	 It	 was	 always	 about	 creating	 a	 home.	 Something	 beautiful	 and	 real	 on	 the
inside,	too.	Something	meaningful	for	the	core	of	our	family.
But	it	all	seems	like	a	lie	now.	And	even	the	parts	that	weren’t	always	a	lie	now
feel	tainted.	Ruined.
Just	 as	 I’m	 turning	 to	 go,	 I	 hear	 footsteps.	 I	 know	 it’s	 Finch	 before	 his	 face
appears	in	the	doorway.	I	feel	sure	that	his	father	has	put	him	up	to	it;	there’s	no
way	he’d	come	back	here	unless	instructed.
Sure	 enough,	 he	 glances	 at	 my	 bag	 and	 says,	 “Mom?	 What’re	 you	 doing?	 Dad
says	you’re	leaving	us?”
I	stare	back	at	him,	my	heart	breaking,	as	I	say,	“I’m	leaving	your	father…and
this	house….But	I’m	not	leaving	you,	Finch.	I	would	never	leave	you.”
“Please	don’t	go,	Mom,”	he	says,	his	voice	nearly	as	deep	as	Kirk’s.	“Don’t	leave
Dad.	Don’t	do	this	to	him.	To	me.”
I	want	to	scream	at	him.	I	want	to	shake	him	and	tell	him	that	his	actions	may
have	killed	a	girl.	Instead,	I	walk	over	to	him	and	take	his	face	in	my	hands	and
kiss	his	forehead,	inhaling	his	sweet,	boyish	scent.	It	is	the	same	as	it	has	always
been,	despite	so	many	other	changes.

“Don’t	do	this	to	me,”	he	says	again.
“Oh,	Finch.	I’m	not	doing	anything	to	you.	I’m	doing	this	for	you.”
“Polly’s	lying,	Mom,”	he	says.
But	unlike	all	the	other	times	he’s	told	me	this,	his	statement	now	rings	hollow.
It’s	as	if	he’s	no	longer	even	trying	to	be	convincing.	It	occurs	to	me	that	maybe
Lyla	 already	 spoke	 to	 him	 about	 the	 photos.	 Maybe	 he	 knows	 that	 we	 somehow
have	proof.
Regardless,	I	shake	my	head	and	say,	“No.	She	is	not.	You	are.”
His	lower	lip	quivers.	I	wait	for	more,	but	there	is	nothing	else.
“Finch.	 Please	 confess,”	 I	 plead.	 “Please	 do	 the	 right	 thing.	 Princeton	 doesn’t
matter.	People	matter….And	it’s	never	too	late	to	say	you’re	sorry.”
He	 nods	 ever	 so	 slightly.	 I	 have	 no	 idea	 if	 I’ve	 actually	 reached	 him	 on	 some
level,	or	if	he	is	just	giving	me	what	I	want.
Regardless,	it’s	not	a	battle	I	can	fight	tonight.	I’ll	start	again	tomorrow,	and	will
fight	 as	 hard	 and	 long	 as	 it	 takes.	 “I’ll	 see	 you	 in	 the	 morning,”	 I	 say.	 “I’ll	 be	 at
school	for	your	hearing.”
“Okay,	Mom,”	he	says.
I	lean	in	closer,	kiss	his	cheek,	and	whisper,	“You’ll	always	be	my	baby,	Finch.
And	no	matter	what,	I	will	always	love	you.”
He	inhales	as	if	he’s	about	to	reply.	But	he	can’t,	because	he’s	now	crying.	We
both	 are.	 So	 I	 just	 whisper	 good	 night.	 Then	 I	 walk	 past	 him	 and	 right	 out	 the
front	door	of	what	was	once	our	family	home.
—
WHEN	I	GET	downtown	to	the	Omni	Hotel,	I	discover,	from	a	young	girl	at	the	front
desk,	 that	 my	 credit	 card	 has	 been	 declined.	 She	 is	 embarrassed	 for	 me—and	 I
want	to	reassure	her	that	a	declined	credit	card	is	nothing	in	the	scheme	of	life.	I
hand	 her	 another,	 although	 I	 suspect	 what	 will	 happen	 even	 before	 that	 card	 is
also	declined.
It	is	all	so	absurd—so	classically	Kirk—that	I	find	myself	laughing.	This	is	why
Julie	told	me	to	have	my	ducks	in	a	row.	Because	she	knew	he	was	capable	of	this
petty	bullshit.	I	consider	stepping	aside	to	call	her,	but	then	remember	that	I	still
have	fifteen	thousand	dollars	in	my	purse.	So	I	check	in	using	some	of	those	bills,
then	 take	 the	 elevator	 to	 the	 eighteenth	 floor.	 I	 use	 the	 plastic	 key	 to	 unlock	 my
door	and	walk	into	the	room,	looking	out	over	the	city	where	I’ve	lived	my	entire
adult	life.
I	feel	as	alone	and	devastated	as	I’ve	ever	been,	including	that	horrible	night	at
Vanderbilt.

But	 in	 some	 other	 ways,	 I’ve	 never	 felt	 stronger	 or	 more	 certain	 of	 my	 path.	 I
take	a	shower,	then	put	on	my	pajamas	and	get	in	bed.	My	curtains	are	still	open,
and	as	I	stare	out	at	the	lights	of	Nashville,	my	phone	rings.
It’s	Tom.
Feeling	tremendous	relief,	I	answer,	saying	hello.
Without	 saying	 hello	 back,	 he	 simply	 tells	 me	 that	 Polly’s	 going	 to	 be	 okay.
“She’s	staying	at	the	hospital	overnight,	but	she’s	stable.”
“Oh,	thank	God,”	I	say.	“How	do	you	know?”
“Lyla	tracked	down	her	parents.”
Of	course	she	did,	I	think,	amazed	by	her	once	again.	“Can	I	talk	to	her?	Is	she
still	awake?”
“No.	She	just	fell	asleep,”	Tom	says.	“Pretty	rough	day.”
“I	 know,”	 I	 say,	 thinking	 back	 to	 standing	 with	 my	 mother	 in	 my	 parents’
kitchen	early	this	morning.	How	that	now	seems	like	a	lifetime	ago.
“Want	to	hear	the	craziest	part?”	he	asks.
“Sure,”	I	say,	adjusting	my	head	on	the	pillow,	listening.
“So	right	after	you	and	Lyla	left…guess	who	just	happened	to…show	up?”
“Who?”
“Lyla’s	 mother.”	 Tom	 lets	 out	 a	 wry	 laugh.	 “She	 just	 sailed	 into	 town	 for	 a
surprise	visit.”
I	laugh	back,	in	spite	of	everything.	“She	sounds	as	awful	as	Kirk.”
“Worse,”	he	says.	“At	least	Kirk	stuck	around.”
I	swallow,	as	it	occurs	to	me	that	maybe	I’m	no	better	than	his	ex,	checking	out
when	 the	 going	 gets	 tough.	 But	 I	 tell	 myself	 I’m	 not	 giving	 up—I’m	 just	 taking	 a
stand.	There	is	a	difference.	I	then	return	my	focus	to	Lyla	and	say,	“I	just	want
you	to	know…how	truly	incredible	your	daughter	was	tonight.	So,	so	brave.”
“Yes.	 She’s	 pretty	 great,”	 he	 says.	 “And	 so	 are	 you,	 Nina….Lyla	 told	 me
everything.	 About	 Finch.	 About	 the	 photos.	 And	 about	 how	 much	 you’re
supporting	her.”
I	start	to	well	up	as	I	tell	him	how	sorry	I	am.
“I	know	you	are,”	he	says.	“But	for	what	it’s	worth?…I	think	there’s	still	hope	for
Finch.”
Tears	 stream	 down	 my	 face	 as	 I	 ask	 him	 why	 he	 thinks	 this.	 I	 wait	 for	 his
response,	 telling	 myself	 I	 will	 trust	 my	 friend—along	 with	 whatever	 answer	 he
gives	me.

“Because…”	 Tom	 finally	 says,	 his	 voice	 soft	 in	 my	 ear.	 “Because	 you’re	 his
mother.”

S

ince	 graduating	 from	 high	 school	 nearly	 a	 decade	 ago,	 I	 rarely	 return	 to
Nashville.	Dad	usually	comes	to	visit	me	instead.	I’m	not	really	sure	why,	but	I
think	it	has	more	to	do	with	how	hectic	my	life	has	been—first	at	college,	then	at
law	school,	now	in	the	Manhattan	District	Attorney’s	Office—than	with	any	lack	of
fondness	 for	 my	 hometown.	 I	 can	 also	 say	 with	 complete	 confidence	 that	 it	 has
nothing	to	do	with	Finch	Browning	or	the	events	of	my	sophomore	year.	That	is
ancient	history.
Of	 course	 Finch	 still	 crosses	 my	 mind	 now	 and	 then—flashbacks	 to	 his
basement,	and	Polly’s	attempted	suicide,	and	especially	the	day	Mr.	Q	called	Dad
and	me	into	his	office	and	broke	the	news	that	Finch	had	gotten	off.	Completely.
With	 tears	 in	 his	 eyes,	 Mr.	 Q	 told	 us	 that	 the	 Honor	 Council,	 composed	 of	 eight
students	and	eight	faculty	members,	had	concluded	there	“wasn’t	enough	proof.”
It	was	outrageous,	of	course.	What	proof	did	they	need	beyond	a	photo	of	Finch’s
dick	on	my	face?	But	I	guess	they	weren’t	willing	to	go	down	the	penis-forensics
road	after	Finch	introduced	his	Photoshop	defense.
Maybe	 if	 Polly’s	 parents	 had	 let	 her	 return	 to	 Windsor,	 or	 send	 me	 the	 rest	 of
the	 photos,	 things	 would	 have	 turned	 out	 differently.	 Then	 again,	 maybe	 not.
Maybe	 the	 cards	 were	 that	 stacked	 in	 Finch’s	 favor	 (or,	 as	 Dad	 believed,	 Mr.
Browning	really	pulled	off	the	Belle	Meade	bribery	scheme	of	the	century).
For	 several	 months,	 Dad	 and	 I	 contemplated	 bringing	 real	 legal	 action—or	 at
least	 writing	 a	 letter	 to	 Princeton.	 But	 ultimately,	 I	 just	 wanted	 to	 move	 on,	 and
with	 Bonnie’s	 help,	 I	 was	 somehow	 able	 to	 convince	 Dad	 that	 Finch’s	 fate	 really
had	very	little	to	do	with	me.	Karma	would	sort	him	out.	Or	not,	as	the	case	may
be.	Either	way,	I	had	my	own	life	to	live.
Along	 those	 lines,	 I	 also	 persuaded	 Dad	 to	 let	 me	 stay	 at	 Windsor.	 It	 was	 the
right	 decision	 for	 so	 many	 reasons.	 For	 one,	 I	 was	 genuinely	 happy	 there.	 Grace
and	I	remained	close	friends	(I	was	recently	a	bridesmaid	in	her	wedding),	while
branching	 out	 and	 extending	 our	 duo	 to	 include	 a	 few	 other	 strong,	 like-minded
girls.	 For	 another,	 I	 became	 superfocused	 academically,	 finishing	 second	 in	 our
class	 and	 getting	 into	 Stanford.	 Dad	 says	 I	 deserve	 the	 credit	 for	 that—not
Windsor—but	the	education	I	got,	along	with	a	glowing	recommendation	from	my
headmaster,	 certainly	 didn’t	 hurt.	 Besides,	 it	 was	 good	 training	 for	 real	 life.	 A
reminder	 that	 no	 matter	 where	 you	 are,	 you	 can	 find	 a	 silver	 lining—along	 with

good	people	like	Mr.	Q	and	Nina.
I	 actually	 still	 keep	 in	 touch	 with	 Mr.	 Q,	 who	 is	 now	 retired,	 our	 email-based
friendship	mostly	consisting	of	an	exchange	of	New	Yorker	cartoons	and	articles
about	 the	 dire	 state	 of	 the	 world.	 We	 both	 remain	 hopeful,	 though,	 and	 I	 think
some	of	that	hopefulness	I	learned	from	him	during	those	dark	days	at	Windsor.
Against	 the	 odds,	 Dad	 and	 I	 stayed	 close	 to	 Nina,	 too.	 After	 her	 divorce	 was
finalized,	 she	 and	 Dad	 even	 started	 a	 boutique	 design	 business	 together—he	 did
his	carpentry	thing	and	she	decorated	and	helped	Dad	be	more	commercial.	The
coolest	 part	 of	 their	 gig	 was	 their	 custom	 tree	 houses,	 like	 the	 one	 in	 Bonnie’s
backyard.	Most	of	their	clients	were	pretty	well	off,	and	included	a	few	celebrities,
but	 my	 favorite	 project	 was	 a	 gift	 to	 the	 children	 staying	 at	 an	 abused	 women’s
shelter	in	Nina’s	hometown	of	Bristol.	It	wasn’t	the	fanciest,	but	I	knew	from	the
photographs	I’d	seen	that	it	had	brought	the	most	joy.
Their	work—and	especially	that	joy—was	good	therapy	for	both	of	them	during
their	 empty-nest	 days.	 I	 know	 Dad	 missed	 me	 a	 lot,	 and	 Nina	 probably	 missed
Finch	 even	 more,	 because	 he	 barely	 spoke	 to	 his	 mother	 during	 his	 years	 at
Princeton.	I’m	not	sure	if	it	was	punishment	for	siding	with	me,	or	for	leaving	his
father—but	things	got	worse	before	they	got	better.
According	 to	 Dad,	 Nina	 never	 gave	 up	 on	 him,	 though,	 and	 sent	 him	 long,
handwritten	 letters	 every	 week,	 until	 at	 some	 point	 he	 returned	 to	 her.	 Dad
pretends	 to	 have	 a	 cynical	 view	 of	 the	 shift,	 saying	 out	 of	 Nina’s	 earshot	 that	 it
probably	 had	 more	 to	 do	 with	 some	 sort	 of	 financial	 scandal	 Mr.	 Browning	 got
caught	in	rather	than	any	real	change	of	heart.	But	I	can	tell	Dad	wants	to	believe
something	different.	That	like	me,	he	might	have	faith	that	it	was	as	simple—and
powerful—as	a	mother’s	love.
I’m	 thinking	 about	 all	 of	 this	 now	 as	 my	 Uber	 turns	 onto	 Avondale	 and	 I	 see
Dad	 standing	 on	 the	 front	 porch	 at	 the	 exact	 spot	 where	 that	 terrible	 word	 was
once	written.	He	waves,	watching	me	get	out	of	the	car	and	climb	the	steps.
“I	 can’t	 believe	 you	 wouldn’t	 let	 me	 pick	 you	 up	 at	 the	 airport.”	 He	 shakes	 his
head,	muttering	something	about	my	hardheadedness,	then	gives	me	a	long,	tight
hug.	“Thank	you	for	coming,”	he	says.	“I	know	how	busy	you	are.”
“Of	course,”	I	say.	“I	wouldn’t	miss	this	for	anything.”
“It’s	 really	 not	 that	 big	 of	 a	 deal,”	 Dad	 says,	 downplaying	 the	 design	 award	 he
and	 Nina	 are	 receiving	 this	 evening.	 “But	 it’s	 going	 to	 mean	 a	 lot	 to	 Nina.	 And
remember—your	being	here	is	a	surprise.”
“I	know,	Dad,”	I	say,	smiling.	“You’ve	only	told	me	a	hundred	times.”
“Well…I	just	want	tonight	to	be	perfect.”
“You’re	so	sweet	to	her,”	I	say.
“She	deserves	it.	She’s	the	best,”	Dad	replies.

It	is	wild	praise	coming	from	him,	and	I	find	myself	wondering,	as	I	often	have
over	 the	 years,	 if	 there’s	 something	 romantic	 between	 them.	 They	 swear	 up	 and
down	that	they’re	just	friends—best	friends—and	in	some	ways,	I	think	that’s	even
sweeter.
“So…is	he	coming?”	I	say,	referring	to	Finch,	knowing	that	Dad	invited	him,	too.
“No,”	 Dad	 says,	 shaking	 his	 head.	 “Work	 conflict.	 Although	 to	 be	 fair,	 he	 does
live	in	London	now.”
“London?”	I	say,	annoyed	that	Finch	managed	to	land	himself	in	the	only	city	in
the	world	better	than	New	York.
“Yeah.	He	took	some	job…something	financial.”
“Well.	Whatever,”	I	say,	with	a	shrug.	I’m	disappointed	for	Nina	but	relieved	for
myself.	“We’re	going	to	have	a	wonderful	time	regardless.”
—
A	 FEW	 HOURS	 later,	Dad	and	I	are	walking	into	the	lobby	of	the	Frist	Center.	He’s
wearing	his	only	nice	suit	and	a	light	blue	tie	I	feel	sure	Nina	picked	out	for	him.
“Okay.	She’s	up	in	the	Turner	Courtyard,”	he	says,	flustered	as	he	reads	a	text
message.	“Where	the	event	is	being	held…Do	you	know	how	to	get—”
“Yes,	Dad,”	I	say.	“I	know.”
“I	better	go	before	she	walks	down	here	and	sees	you.”
“Go.	Go,”	I	say.	“I	can	fend	for	myself.”
Dad	 kisses	 my	 cheek	 and	 thanks	 me,	 his	 unease	 seeming	 to	 shift	 into
excitement.	Maybe	even	pride.	After	all,	it’s	his	award,	too,	and	he’s	come	a	long
way	since	his	solo	carpentry	and	Uber	days.
As	he	turns	to	go,	I	head	to	the	bar	to	get	a	glass	of	champagne,	thinking	that	it’s
nice	to	be	back	in	Nashville.	I	really	should	visit	more	often.
And	that’s	when	I	see	him,	rushing	into	the	lobby.	With	glasses	and	short	hair
and	a	little	extra	weight,	he	looks	so	different.	Older.	Somehow	changed.	But	as	he
gets	 closer,	 I	 can	 tell	 that	 he’s	 still	 unmistakably	 Finch,	 and	 remind	 myself	 that
people	seldom	really	change.
My	 instinct	 is	 to	 duck	 away	 and	 avoid	 him,	 but	 I	 make	 myself	 walk	 directly
toward	him,	looking	right	into	his	eyes.
“Hello,	 Lyla,”	 he	 says,	 breathless,	 with	 flushed	 cheeks.	 He	 nearly	 hugs	 me	 but
then	stops,	likely	thinking	better	of	it.
“So	you	made	it	after	all?”	I	say.
“Yeah,”	he	says,	giving	me	a	half	smile.	“My	boss	might	fire	me….But	I	made	it.”
I	smile	back,	though	I	don’t	fully	mean	it.

“Did	you	get	my	letter?”	he	asks.
I	nod	and	say	yes.	“Thank	you,”	I	add,	though	I’m	not	really	thanking	him	for
his	 letter,	 but	 for	 being	 here	 tonight	 in	 Tennessee,	 wearing	 a	 crumpled	 overcoat
that	smells	like	an	airplane.	For	showing	up	for	his	mother.
He	 nods,	 looking	 sad	 but	 determined.	 “Well…we	 better	 go	 up….Your	 dad	 said
eight	o’clock,	right?”
“Yes,”	I	say,	glancing	at	my	watch	and	seeing	that	it’s	a	couple	minutes	past.	I
finish	my	champagne,	put	the	glass	on	a	highboy	table,	then	follow	Finch	up	the
steps	into	the	ballroom.
The	lights	are	low,	but	as	I	scan	the	room,	I	see	Bonnie	and	a	few	of	my	dad’s
old	contractor	buddies.	The	others	I	don’t	recognize.
There	 is	 a	 woman	 at	 the	 podium,	 talking	 about	 Dad	 and	 Nina	 and	 the	 work
they’re	doing	for	abused	women’s	shelters	across	the	state.	Plural.	I	thought	there
was	only	the	one	in	Bristol.
“Wow,”	I	say	to	myself,	though	Finch	must	hear	me,	because	out	of	the	corner	of
my	eye	I	can	see	him	nodding.
“Yes,”	he	murmurs	in	agreement.
A	 second	 later,	 Dad	 and	 Nina	 walk	 onto	 the	 stage	 together	 as	 everyone
applauds.	She	is	wearing	an	Audrey	Hepburn–style	pale	blue	dress	that	matches
Dad’s	tie	and,	come	to	think	of	it,	the	lettering	on	their	business	cards.	His	hand	is
on	 her	 back	 as	 he	 walks	 behind	 her,	 guiding	 her.	 My	 father	 has	 always	 been	 a
gentleman	 in	 his	 own	 way,	 but	 I’ve	 never	 seen	 him	 like	 this	 before.	 He	 looks	 so
confident,	sparkling.	They	both	sparkle.
Dad	takes	the	microphone	first,	thanking	everyone.	But	then	he	steps	back	and
Nina	 does	 the	 talking.	 She	 speaks	 about	 their	 journey	 together,	 how	 they	 both
were	looking	for	a	way	to	follow	their	passion	and	also	help	others.	There	is	a	slide
show	 of	 women	 and	 children,	 smiling,	 laughing,	 playing	 in	 tree	 houses	 and
tranquil	 communal	 living	 spaces.	 She	 talks	 about	 how	 materialism	 can	 lead	 us
astray,	 but	 that	 we	 all	 need	 beauty	 in	 our	 lives.	 And	 a	 sanctuary.	 A	 home	 and
people	who	will	always	have	our	backs.
She	 finishes,	 thanking	 everyone	 again.	 As	 the	 crowd	 applauds,	 I	 feel	 my	 eyes
welling	up	and	risk	a	glance	to	my	left.	I’m	surprised	to	see	tears	streaming	down
Finch’s	face.
Still	watching	Nina,	he	whispers,	“I’m	sorry.	I’m	just	so	sorry….”
Then	he	tilts	his	chin	down	and	looks	right	into	my	eyes,	and	in	that	instant,	for
the	first	time,	I	forgive	him.	Or	maybe	I	don’t.	I’m	not	sure	how	I’ll	feel	later,	after
the	emotion	of	the	evening	has	worn	off.
I	can	sense	that	he	wants	to	say	more	to	me,	but	this	is	not	the	time.	So	before
he	can	speak,	I	say,	“They	are	amazing…aren’t	they?”

“Yes,	they	are,”	he	says,	as	we	both	gaze	back	up	at	Nina	and	my	dad.	His	hand
is	on	her	back	again,	protective,	so	proud.
“She	saved	me,”	I	say,	putting	it	into	words	for	the	first	time.
“I	know,”	he	says	again,	his	tears	still	flowing.
Maybe	he’s	thinking	about	his	younger	self—and	what	Nina	saved	me	from	all
those	 years	 ago.	 But	 maybe,	 I	 hope,	 he’s	 simply	 thinking	 about	 his	 mother—and
how	she	somehow	managed	to	save	him,	too.

For	Edward	and	George,	with	love	and	pride

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

While	 writing	 a	 novel	 is	 mostly	 a	 solitary	 endeavor,	 I	 have	 many	 individuals	 to
thank	for	their	generous	contributions	to	this	book.
I	 am	 indebted	 to	 my	 editor,	 Jennifer	 Hershey,	 for	 her	 guidance	 and	 brilliance
from	start	to	finish	(especially	the	finish!).	If	you	enjoy	this	story,	it	is	in	no	small
part	due	to	her	extraordinary	talent.
Thank	you	to	Mary	Ann	Elgin	and	Sarah	Giffin,	my	mother	and	sister,	for	their
chapter-by-chapter	insight	and	endless	moral	support.	I	love	our	threesome,	born
in	the	seventies	and	still	going	strong.
I	am	thankful	for	Nancy	LeCroy	Mohler,	my	best	friend,	first	reader,	and	most
loyal	 copy	 editor.	 She	 knows	 these	 characters	 as	 well	 as	 I	 do,	 and	 there	 isn’t	 a
paragraph	in	this	book	(or	any	of	my	nine	books,	for	that	matter)	that	she	and	I
haven’t	discussed	together.	I	am	very	lucky	to	have	her.
Many	thanks	to	Bryan	Lamb	for	providing	so	much	Nashville	flavor	and	manly
insights	 (“You	 would	 never	 bribe	 someone	 with	 a	 check;	 it’s	 gotta	 be	 cash”	 and
“You	 don’t	 have	 to	 specify	 ‘flat-screen’	 TV;	 we	 know	 Finch	 doesn’t	 have	 a
Magnavox.”).	The	Belle	Meade	Single	Barrel	Bourbon	helped,	too.
I	 am	 so	 grateful	 to	 my	 amazing	 assistant	 Kate	 Hardie	 Patterson;	 my	 longtime
publicist	 Stephen	 Lee;	 and	 to	 all	 my	 friends	 and	 family	 who	 provided	 specific
input	 or	 otherwise	 helped	 me	 through	 the	 birth	 of	 this	 book,	 especially:	 Steve
Fallon,	Allyson	Wenig	Jacoutot,	Julie	Wilson	Portera,	Laryn	Ivy	Gardner,	Jennifer
New,	 Harlan	 Coben,	 Martha	 Arias,	 Jeff	 MacFarland,	 Jim	 Konrad,	 Fred	 Assaf,
Ralph	 Sampson,	 Lori	 Baker,	 Mara	 Davis,	 Ellie	 Fallon,	 Sloane	 Alford,	 Mike
Pentecost,	 Courtney	 Jenrath,	 Lisa	 Elgin	 Ponder,	 Mollie	 Smith,	 Lea	 Journo,	 and
Bill	Giffin.
On	the	professional	side,	I	thank	my	incomparable	agent,	Theresa	Park,	as	well
as	 Emily	 Sweet,	 Andrea	 Mai,	 Abby	 Koons,	 Mollie	 Smith,	 and	 everyone	 at	 Park
Literary.
And	 to	 my	 team	 at	 Penguin	 Random	 House,	 including	 Gina	 Centrello,	 Kara
Welsh,	Kim	Hovey,	Scott	Shannon,	Matt	Schwartz,	Theresa	Zoro,	Susan	Corcoran,
Jennifer	 Garza,	 Isabella	 Biedenharn,	 Emma	 Thomasch,	 Sally	 Marvin,	 Sanyu
Dillon,	Debbie	Aroff,	Colleen	Nuccio,	Melissa	Milsten,	Denise	Cronin,	Toby	Ernst,
Paolo	 Pepe,	 Loren	 Noveck,	 Victoria	 Wong,	 Erin	 Kane,	 Cynthia	 Lasky,	 Allyson
Pearl,	 and	 the	 entire	 PRH	 sales	 force:	 Thank	 you	 for	 your	 expertise,	 passion	 for
books,	and	commitment	to	bring	my	stories	to	so	many	wonderful	readers.

And	finally,	I	am	eternally	grateful	to	my	husband,	Buddy	Blaha.	I	couldn’t	have
picked	a	finer	father	for	my	children.	Edward,	George,	and	Harriet:	May	you	grow
up	to	have	your	dad’s	grit,	heart,	and	rock	solid	character.	I	love	you	all	so	much.

BY	EMILY	GIFFIN
Something	Borrowed
Something	Blue
Baby	Proof
Love	the	One	You’re	With
Heart	of	the	Matter
Where	We	Belong
The	One	&	Only
First	Comes	Love
All	We	Ever	Wanted

ABOUT	THE	AUTHOR
EMILY	 GIFFIN	 is	 the	 author	 of	 eight	 internationally	 bestselling	 novels:	 Something	 Borrowed,	 Something
Blue,	Baby	Proof,	Love	the	One	You’re	With,	Heart	of	the	Matter,	Where	We	Belong,	The	One	&	Only,	and
First	Comes	Love.	 A	 graduate	 of	 Wake	 Forest	 University	 and	 the	 University	 of	 Virginia	 School	 of	 Law,	 she
lives	in	Atlanta	with	her	husband	and	three	children.
emilygiffin.com
Facebook.com/​EmilyGiffinFans
Twitter:	@emilygiffin
Instagram:	@emilygiffinauthor

What’s	next	on
your	reading	list?
Discover	your	next
great	read!
Get	personalized	book	picks	and	up-to-date	news	about	this	author.

Sign	up	now.

