Thank	you	for	downloading	this	Atria	Books	eBook.
Join	our	mailing	list	and	get	updates	on	new	releases,	deals,	bonus	content	and	other	great	books	from	Atria	Books
and	Simon	&	Schuster.
CLICK	HERE	TO	SIGN	UP
or	visit	us	online	to	sign	up	at
eBookNews.SimonandSchuster.com

For	Henry,	my	littlest	pearl

1
CORNWALL,	AUGUST	1933

The	rain	was	heavy	now	and	the	hem	of	her	dress	was	splattered	with	mud.	She’d	have	to
hide	it	afterwards;	no	one	could	know	that	she’d	been	out.
Clouds	covered	the	moon,	a	stroke	of	luck	she	didn’t	deserve,	and	she	made	her	way
through	the	thick,	black	night	as	quickly	as	she	could.	She’d	come	earlier	to	dig	the	hole,
but	only	now,	under	veil	of	darkness,	would	she	finish	the	job.	Rain	stippled	the	surface	of
the	 trout	 stream,	 drummed	 relentlessly	 on	 the	 earth	 beside	 it.	 Something	 bolted	 through
the	bracken	nearby,	but	she	didn’t	flinch,	didn’t	stop.	She’d	been	in	and	out	of	the	woods
all	her	life	and	knew	the	way	by	heart.
Back	 when	 it	 first	 happened,	 she’d	 considered	 confessing,	 and	 perhaps,	 in	 the
beginning,	she	might	have.	She’d	missed	her	chance,	though,	and	now	it	was	too	late.	Too
much	 had	 happened:	 the	 search	 parties,	 the	 policemen,	 the	 articles	 in	 the	 newspapers
pleading	for	information.	There	was	no	one	she	could	tell,	no	way	to	fix	it,	no	way	they
would	ever	forgive	her.	The	only	thing	left	was	to	bury	the	evidence.
She	 reached	 the	 place	 she’d	 chosen.	 The	 bag,	 with	 its	 box	 inside,	 was	 surprisingly
heavy	 and	 it	 was	 a	 relief	 to	 put	 it	 down.	 On	 hands	 and	 knees,	 she	 pulled	 away	 the
camouflage	of	ferns	and	branches.	The	smell	of	sodden	soil	was	overwhelming,	of	wood
mouse	 and	 mushrooms,	 of	 other	 moldering	 things.	 Her	 father	 had	 told	 her	 once	 that
generations	 had	 walked	 these	 woods	 and	 been	 buried	 deep	 beneath	 the	 heavy	 earth.	 It
made	him	glad,	she	knew,	to	think	of	it	that	way.	He	found	comfort	in	the	continuity	of
nature,	 believing	 that	 the	 stability	 of	 the	 long	 past	 had	 the	 power	 to	 alleviate	 present
troubles.	And	maybe	in	some	cases	it	had,	but	not	this	time,	not	these	troubles.
She	lowered	the	bag	into	the	hole	and	for	a	split	second	the	moon	seemed	to	peer	from
behind	a	cloud.	Tears	threatened	as	she	scooped	the	dirt	back,	but	she	fought	them.	To	cry,
here	and	now,	was	an	indulgence	she	refused	to	grant	herself.	She	patted	the	ground	flat,
slapped	her	hands	against	it,	and	stomped	down	hard	with	her	boots	until	she	was	out	of
breath.
There.	It	was	done.
It	 crossed	 her	 mind	 that	 she	 should	 say	 something	 before	 she	 left	 this	 lonely	 place.
Something	about	the	death	of	innocence,	the	deep	remorse	that	would	follow	her	always;
but	she	didn’t.	The	inclination	made	her	feel	ashamed.
She	made	her	way	back	quickly	through	the	woods,	careful	to	avoid	the	boathouse	and
its	memories.	Dawn	was	breaking	as	she	reached	the	house;	the	rain	was	light.	The	lake’s
water	 lapped	 at	 its	 banks	 and	 the	 last	 of	 the	 nightingales	 called	 farewell.	 The	 blackcaps
and	warblers	were	waking,	and	far	in	the	distance	a	horse	whinnied.	She	didn’t	know	it
then,	but	she	would	never	be	rid	of	them,	those	sounds;	they	would	follow	her	from	this

place,	this	time,	invading	her	dreams	and	nightmares,	reminding	her	always	of	what	she
had	done.

2
CORNWALL,	JUNE	23,	1933

The	best	view	of	the	lake	was	from	the	Mulberry	Room,	but	Alice	decided	to	make	do
with	the	bathroom	window.	Mr.	Llewellyn	was	still	down	by	the	stream	with	his	easel,	but
he	always	retired	early	for	a	rest	and	she	didn’t	want	to	risk	an	encounter.	The	old	man
was	harmless	enough,	but	he	was	eccentric	and	needy,	especially	of	late,	and	she	feared
her	unexpected	presence	in	his	room	would	send	the	wrong	sort	of	signal.	Alice	wrinkled
her	nose.	She’d	been	enormously	fond	of	him	once,	when	she	was	younger,	and	he	of	her.
Odd	to	think	of	it	now,	at	sixteen,	the	stories	he’d	told,	the	little	sketches	he’d	drawn	that
she’d	 treasured,	 the	 air	 of	 wonder	 he’d	 trailed	 behind	 him	 like	 a	 song.	 At	 any	 rate,	 the
bathroom	was	closer	than	the	Mulberry	Room,	and	with	only	a	matter	of	minutes	before
Mother	 realized	 the	 first-floor	 rooms	 lacked	 flowers,	 Alice	 had	 no	 time	 to	 waste	 in
climbing	stairs.	As	a	skein	of	housemaids	waving	polishing	cloths	flew	eagerly	down	the
hall,	she	slipped	through	the	doorway	and	hurried	to	the	window.
But	 where	 was	 he?	 Alice	 felt	 her	 stomach	 swoop,	 thrill	 to	 despair	 in	 an	 instant.	 Her
hands	pressed	warm	against	the	glass	as	her	gaze	swept	the	scene	below:	cream	and	pink
roses,	petals	shining	as	if	they’d	been	buffed;	precious	peaches	clinging	to	the	sheltered
garden	wall;	the	long	silver	lake	gleaming	in	the	mid-morning	light.	The	whole	estate	had
already	been	preened	and	primped	to	a	state	of	impossible	perfection,	and	yet	there	was
still	bustle	everywhere.
Hired	 musicians	 slid	 gilt	 chairs	 across	 the	 temporary	 bandstand,	 and	 as	 the	 caterers’
vans	took	turns	stirring	dust	on	the	driveway,	the	half-assembled	marquee	ballooned	in	the
summer	 breeze.	 The	 single	 static	 note	 amidst	 the	 swirl	 of	 activity	 was	 Grandmother
deShiel,	who	sat	small	and	hunched	on	the	cast-iron	garden	seat	outside	the	library,	lost	in
her	 cobwebbed	 memories	 and	 completely	 oblivious	 to	 the	 round	 glass	 lanterns	 being
strung	up	in	the	trees	around	her—
Alice	drew	a	sudden	breath.
Him.
The	smile	spread	across	her	face	before	she	could	stop	it.	Joy,	delicious	star-spangled
joy,	as	she	spotted	him	on	the	small	island	in	the	middle	of	the	lake,	a	great	log	balanced
on	 one	 shoulder.	 She	 lifted	 a	 hand	 to	 wave,	 an	 impulse,	 and	 a	 foolish	 one	 because	 he
wasn’t	 looking	 towards	 the	 house.	 Even	 if	 he	 had	 been,	 he	 wouldn’t	 have	 waved	 back.
Both	of	them	knew	they	had	to	be	more	careful	than	that.
Her	fingers	found	the	ribbon	of	hair	that	always	fell	loose	by	her	ear	and	she	wound	it
between	 her	 fingers,	 back	 and	 forth,	 over	 and	 over.	 She	 liked	 watching	 him	 like	 this,	 in
secret.	It	made	her	feel	powerful,	not	like	when	they	were	together,	when	she	brought	him
lemonade	in	the	garden,	or	managed	to	sneak	away	to	surprise	him	when	he	was	working

in	the	far-off	reaches	of	the	estate;	when	he	asked	after	her	novel,	her	family,	her	life,	and
she	told	him	stories	and	made	him	laugh	and	had	to	struggle	not	to	lose	herself	within	the
pools	of	his	deep	green	eyes	with	their	golden	specks.
Beneath	her	gaze	he	bent,	pausing	to	steady	the	log’s	weight	before	easing	it	into	place
atop	 the	 others.	 He	 was	 strong	 and	 that	 was	 good.	 Alice	 wasn’t	 sure	 why,	 only	 that	 it
mattered	to	her	in	a	deep	and	unexplored	place.	Her	cheeks	were	hot;	she	was	blushing.
Alice	Edevane	wasn’t	shy.	She’d	known	boys	before.	Not	many,	it	was	true—with	the
exception	 of	 their	 traditional	 Midsummer	 party,	 her	 parents	 were	 famously	 reserved,
preferring	 one	 another’s	 company—but	 she’d	 managed,	 on	 occasion,	 to	 exchange
surreptitious	 words	 with	 the	 village	 boys,	 or	 the	 tenant	 farmers’	 sons	 who	 tugged	 their
caps	and	lowered	their	eyes	and	followed	their	fathers	about	the	estate.	This,	though—this
was	.	.	.	Well,	it	was	just	different,	and	she	knew	how	breathless	that	sounded,	how	awfully
like	the	sort	of	thing	her	big	sister,	Deborah,	might	say,	but	it	happened	to	be	true.
Benjamin	 Munro	 was	 his	 name.	 She	 mouthed	 the	 syllables	 silently,	 Benjamin	 James
Munro,	twenty-six	years	old,	late	of	London.	He	had	no	dependents,	was	a	hard	worker,	a
man	not	given	to	baseless	talk.	He’d	been	born	in	Sussex	and	grown	up	in	the	Far	East,	the
son	 of	 archaeologists.	 He	 liked	 green	 tea,	 the	 scent	 of	 jasmine,	 and	 hot	 days	 that	 built
towards	rain.
He	hadn’t	told	her	all	of	that.	He	wasn’t	one	of	those	pompous	men	who	bassooned	on
about	himself	and	his	achievements	as	if	a	girl	were	just	a	pretty-enough	face	between	a
pair	 of	 willing	 ears.	 Instead,	 she’d	 listened	 and	 observed	 and	 gleaned,	 and,	 when	 the
opportunity	 presented,	 crept	 inside	 the	 storehouse	 to	 check	 the	 head	 gardener’s
employment	 book.	 Alice	 had	 always	 fancied	 herself	 a	 sleuth,	 and	 sure	 enough,	 pinned
behind	 a	 page	 of	 Mr.	 Harris’s	 careful	 planting	 notes,	 she’d	 found	 Benjamin	 Munro’s
application.	The	letter	itself	had	been	brief,	written	in	a	hand	Mother	would	have	deplored,
and	Alice	had	scanned	the	whole,	memorizing	the	important	bits,	thrilling	at	the	way	the
words	gave	depth	and	color	to	the	image	she’d	created	and	been	keeping	for	herself,	like	a
flower	 pressed	 between	 pages.	 Like	 the	 flower	 he’d	 given	 her	 just	 last	 month.	 “Look,
Alice”—the	stem	had	been	green	and	fragile	in	his	broad,	strong	hand—“the	first	gardenia
of	the	season.”
She	smiled	at	the	memory	and	reached	inside	her	pocket	to	stroke	the	smooth	surface
of	her	leather-bound	notebook.	It	was	a	habit	she’d	brought	with	her	from	childhood,	with
which	she’d	been	driving	her	mother	mad	since	receiving	her	very	first	notebook	on	her
eighth	birthday.	How	she’d	loved	that	little	nut-brown	book!	How	clever	Daddy	had	been
to	choose	it	for	her.	He	was	a	journal-keeper,	too,	he’d	said,	with	a	seriousness	Alice	had
admired	 and	 appreciated.	 She’d	 written	 her	 full	 name—Alice	 Cecilia	 Edevane—slowly,
under	 Mother’s	 watchful	 eye,	 on	 the	 pale	 sepia	 line	 in	 the	 frontispiece,	 and	 felt
immediately	that	she	was	now	a	more	real	person	than	she	had	been	before.
Mother	 objected	 to	 Alice’s	 habit	 of	 caressing	 her	 pocketed	 book	 because	 it	 made	 her
look	“shifty,	like	you’re	up	to	no	good,”	a	description	Alice	had	decided	she	didn’t	mind
one	 bit.	 Her	 mother’s	 disapproval	 was	 merely	 a	 bonus;	 Alice	 would	 have	 continued	 to
reach	 for	 her	 book	 even	 if	 it	 didn’t	 make	 that	 faint	 frown	 appear	 on	 Eleanor	 Edevane’s

lovely	face;	she	did	it	because	her	notebook	was	a	touchstone,	a	reminder	of	who	she	was.
It	was	also	her	closest	confidante	and,	as	such,	quite	an	authority	on	Ben	Munro.
It	 had	 been	 almost	 a	 whole	 year	 since	 she’d	 first	 laid	 eyes	 on	 him.	 He’d	 arrived	 at
Loeanneth	late	in	the	summer	of	1932,	during	that	glorious	dry	stretch	when,	with	all	the
excitement	 of	 Midsummer	 behind	 them,	 there’d	 been	 nothing	 left	 to	 do	 but	 surrender
themselves	to	the	soporific	heat.	A	divine	spirit	of	indolent	tranquility	had	descended	on
the	 estate	 so	 that	 even	 Mother,	 eight	 months	 pregnant	 and	 glowing	 pink,	 had	 taken	 to
unbuttoning	her	pearl	cuffs	and	rolling	her	silk	sleeves	to	the	elbow.
Alice	 had	 been	 sitting	 that	 day	 on	 the	 swing	 beneath	 the	 willow,	 swaying	 idly	 and
pondering	her	Significant	Problem.	Sounds	of	family	life,	had	she	been	listening,	were	all
around—Mother	 and	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 laughing	 distantly	 as	 the	 boat	 oars	 splashed	 a	 lazy
rhythm;	 Clemmie	 muttering	 beneath	 her	 breath	 while	 she	 turned	 circles	 in	 the	 meadow,
arms	 outstretched	 like	 wings;	 Deborah	 relaying	 to	 Nanny	 Rose	 all	 the	 scandals	 of	 the
recent	London	Season—but	Alice	was	intent	only	on	herself	and	heard	nothing	more	than
the	mild	burr	of	summer	insects.
She’d	been	in	the	same	spot	for	almost	an	hour,	and	hadn’t	even	noticed	the	creeping
black	 inkstain	 her	 new	 fountain	 pen	 was	 bleeding	 on	 her	 white	 cotton	 dress,	 when	 he
materialized	 from	 the	 dark	 wooded	 grove	 onto	 the	 sunlit	 reach	 of	 the	 drive.	 He	 was
carrying	a	canvas	kit	bag	over	one	shoulder	and	what	appeared	to	be	a	coat	in	his	hand,
and	 walked	 with	 a	 steady,	 muscular	 gait,	 the	 rhythm	 of	 which	 made	 her	 slow	 her
swinging.	She	watched	his	progress,	the	rope	rough	against	her	cheek	as	she	strained	to
see	around	the	willow’s	weeping	bough.
By	quirk	of	geography,	people	did	not	come	unexpectedly	to	Loeanneth.	The	estate	sat
deep	 in	 a	 dell,	 surrounded	 by	 thick,	 briar-tangled	 woods,	 just	 like	 houses	 must	 in	 fairy
tales.	(And	nightmares,	as	it	turned	out,	though	Alice	had	no	cause	to	think	that	then.)	It
was	their	own	sunny	patch,	home	to	generations	of	deShiels,	her	mother’s	ancestral	home.
And	yet	here	he	was,	a	stranger	in	their	midst,	and	just	like	that	the	afternoon’s	spell	was
broken.
Alice	had	a	natural	bent	towards	nosiness—people	had	been	telling	her	so	all	her	life
and	she	took	it	as	a	compliment;	it	was	a	trait	she	intended	to	put	to	good	use—but	her
interest	that	day	was	fueled	more	by	frustration	and	a	sudden	willingness	to	be	distracted
than	 it	 was	 by	 curiosity.	 All	 summer	 long	 she’d	 been	 working	 feverishly	 on	 a	 novel	 of
passion	and	mystery,	but	three	days	earlier	her	progress	had	stalled.	It	was	all	the	fault	of
her	 heroine,	 Laura,	 who,	 after	 chapters	 devoted	 to	 illustrating	 her	 rich	 inner	 life,	 now
refused	to	cooperate.	Faced	with	the	introduction	of	a	tall,	dark,	handsome	gentleman,	the
dashingly	 named	 Lord	 Hallington,	 she’d	 suddenly	 lost	 all	 her	 wit	 and	 pith	 and	 become
decidedly	dull.
Well,	 Alice	 decided	 as	 she	 watched	 the	 young	 man	 walking	 up	 the	 driveway,	 Laura
would	just	have	to	wait.	There	were	other	matters	come	to	hand.
A	 narrow	 stream	 chattered	 its	 way	 across	 the	 estate,	 delighting	 in	 the	 brief	 sunny
respite	 before	 being	 reeled	 inexorably	 back	 towards	 the	 woods,	 and	 a	 stone	 bridge,	 the
legacy	of	some	long-ago	great-uncle,	straddled	the	banks,	allowing	access	to	Loeanneth.
As	the	stranger	reached	the	bridge,	he	stopped.	He	turned	slowly	back	to	face	the	direction

from	which	he’d	come	and	seemed	to	glance	at	something	in	his	hand.	A	scrap	of	paper?
A	 trick	 of	 the	 light?	 Something	 in	 the	 tilt	 of	 his	 head,	 his	 lingering	 focus	 on	 the	 dense
woods,	 spoke	 of	 deliberation,	 and	 Alice	 narrowed	 her	 eyes.	 She	 was	 a	 writer;	 she
understood	 people;	 she	 knew	 vulnerability	 when	 she	 saw	 it.	 What	 was	 he	 so	 uncertain
about,	and	why?	He	turned	again,	coming	full	circle,	lifting	a	hand	to	his	brow	as	he	cast
his	 gaze	 all	 the	 way	 up	 the	 thistle-lined	 drive	 to	 where	 the	 house	 stood	 behind	 its	 loyal
guard	of	yew	trees.	He	didn’t	move,	didn’t	appear	to	do	so	much	as	breathe,	and	then,	as
she	 watched,	 he	 set	 down	 his	 bag	 and	 coat,	 straightened	 his	 braces	 to	 the	 top	 of	 his
shoulders,	and	released	a	sigh.
Alice	experienced	one	of	her	swift	certainties	then.	She	wasn’t	sure	where	they	came
from,	these	insights	into	other	people’s	states	of	mind,	only	that	they	arrived	unexpectedly
and	fully	formed.	She	just	knew	things	sometimes.	To	wit:	this	was	not	the	sort	of	place	he
was	used	to.	But	he	was	a	man	on	a	date	with	destiny,	and	although	there	was	a	part	of
him	that	wanted	to	turn	around	and	leave	the	estate	before	he’d	even	properly	arrived,	one
did	not—could	not—turn	one’s	back	on	fate.	It	was	an	intoxicating	proposition	and	Alice
found	 herself	 gripping	 the	 swing’s	 rope	 more	 tightly,	 ideas	 beginning	 to	 jostle,	 as	 she
watched	for	the	stranger’s	next	move.
Sure	enough,	picking	up	his	coat	and	hoisting	his	bag	over	his	shoulder,	he	continued
up	the	drive	towards	the	hidden	house.	A	new	determination	had	entered	his	bearing	and
he	now	gave	every	appearance,	to	those	who	knew	no	better,	of	being	resolute,	his	mission
uncomplicated.	Alice	allowed	herself	a	smile,	slight	and	self-satisfied,	before	being	hit	by
a	burst	of	blinding	clarity	that	almost	knocked	her	from	the	swing	seat.	In	the	same	instant
that	 she	 noticed	 the	 inkstain	 on	 her	 skirt,	 Alice	 realized	 the	 solution	 to	 her	 Significant
Problem.	Why,	it	was	all	so	clear!	Laura,	grappling	with	the	arrival	of	her	own	intriguing
stranger,	also	gifted	with	greater	perception	than	most,	would	surely	glimpse	beneath	the
man’s	façade,	discover	his	terrible	secret,	his	guilty	past,	and	whisper,	in	a	quiet	moment
when	she	had	him	to	herself—
“Alice?”
Back	 in	 the	 Loeanneth	 bathroom,	 Alice	 jumped,	 hitting	 her	 cheek	 on	 the	 wooden
window	frame.
“Alice	Edevane!	Where	are	you?”
She	 shot	 a	 glance	 at	 the	 closed	 door	 behind	 her.	 Pleasant	 memories	 of	 the	 previous
summer,	the	heady	thrill	of	falling	in	love,	the	early	days	of	her	relationship	with	Ben	and
its	 intoxicating	 link	 to	 her	 writing,	 scattered	 around	 her.	 The	 bronze	 doorknob	 vibrated
slightly	in	response	to	rapid	footsteps	in	the	hallway	and	Alice	held	her	breath.
Mother	 had	 been	 a	 nervous	 wreck	 all	 week.	 That	 was	 typical.	 She	 wasn’t	 a	 natural
hostess,	but	the	Midsummer	party	was	the	deShiel	family’s	great	tradition,	and	Mother	had
been	enormously	fond	of	her	father,	Henri,	so	the	event	was	held	annually	in	his	memory.
She	 always	 got	 herself	 into	 a	 spin—it	 was	 constitutional—but	 this	 year	 she	 was	 worse
than	usual.
“I	know	you’re	here,	Alice.	Deborah	saw	you	only	moments	ago.”

Deborah:	 big	 sister,	 chief	 exemplar,	 prime	 menace.	 Alice	 gritted	 her	 teeth.	 As	 if	 it
weren’t	enough	having	the	famed	and	feted	Eleanor	Edevane	for	a	mother,	wasn’t	it	just
her	luck	to	follow	an	elder	sister	who	was	almost	as	perfect?	Beautiful,	clever,	engaged	to
be	married	to	the	catch	of	the	Season	.	.	.	Thank	God	for	Clementine,	who	came	after,	and
was	such	a	curious	scrap	of	a	girl	that	even	Alice	couldn’t	help	but	seem	vaguely	normal
by	comparison.
As	 Mother	 stormed	 down	 the	 hall,	 Edwina	 padding	 behind	 her,	 Alice	 cracked	 the
window	ajar	and	let	the	warm	breeze,	fragrant	with	fresh-cut	grass	and	salt	from	the	sea,
bathe	her	face.	Edwina	was	the	only	person	(and	she	was	a	golden	retriever,	after	all,	not
really	 a	 person)	 who	 could	 stand	 Mother	 when	 she	 was	 like	 this.	 Even	 poor	 Daddy	 had
escaped	to	the	attic	hours	before,	no	doubt	enjoying	the	quiet	good	company	of	his	great
work	 of	 natural	 history.	 The	 problem	 was	 that	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 was	 a	 perfectionist	 and
every	detail	of	the	Midsummer	party	had	to	meet	her	exacting	standards.	Although	she’d
kept	the	fact	hidden	beneath	a	veneer	of	stubborn	indifference,	it	had	bothered	Alice	for	a
long	time	that	she	fell	so	far	short	of	her	mother’s	expectations.	She’d	looked	in	the	mirror
and	 despaired	 of	 her	 too-tall	 body,	 her	 unobliging	 mouse-brown	 hair,	 her	 preference	 for
the	company	of	made-up	people	over	real	ones.
But	not	anymore.	Alice	smiled	as	Ben	hoisted	another	log	onto	what	was	fast	becoming
a	towering	pyre.	She	might	not	be	charming	like	Deborah,	and	she’d	certainly	never	been
immortalized,	 like	 Mother	 had,	 as	 the	 subject	 of	 a	 much-loved	 children’s	 book,	 but	 it
didn’t	matter.	She	was	something	else	entirely.
“You’re	a	storyteller,	Alice	Edevane,”	Ben	had	told	her	late	one	afternoon,	as	the	river
tripped	coolly	by	and	the	pigeons	came	home	to	roost.	“I’ve	never	met	a	person	with	such
a	 clever	 imagination,	 such	 good	 ideas.”	 His	 voice	 had	 been	 gentle	 and	 his	 gaze	 intense;
Alice	had	seen	herself	then	through	his	eyes	and	she’d	liked	what	she	saw.
Mother’s	 voice	 flew	 past	 the	 bathroom	 door,	 something	 further	 about	 flowers,	 before
disappearing	 around	 a	 corner.	 “Yes,	 Mother	 dearest,”	 Alice	 muttered,	 with	 delicious
condescension.	 “No	 need	 to	 get	 your	 knickers	 all	 in	 a	 tangle.”	 There	 was	 a	 glorious
sacrilege	 in	 acknowledging	 the	 fact	 of	 Eleanor	 Edevane’s	 underwear	 and	 Alice	 had	 to
clamp	her	lips	to	keep	from	laughing.
With	a	final	glance	towards	the	lake,	she	left	the	bathroom,	tiptoeing	quickly	along	the
hall	to	her	bedroom	to	liberate	the	precious	folder	from	beneath	her	mattress.	Managing
not	to	trip	in	her	haste	on	a	tatty	patch	of	the	red	Baluch	carpet	runner	Great-Grandfather
Horace	had	sent	back	from	his	adventures	in	the	Middle	East,	Alice	took	the	stairs	two	by
two,	seized	a	basket	from	the	middle	of	the	hall	table,	and	leapt	outside	into	the	brand-new
day.
And	it	had	to	be	said,	the	weather	was	perfect.	Alice	couldn’t	help	humming	to	herself	as
she	 made	 her	 way	 along	 the	 flagstone	 path.	 The	 basket	 was	 almost	 half	 filled	 and	 she
hadn’t	even	been	near	the	wildflower	meadows	yet;	the	prettiest	blooms	grew	there,	the
unexpected	ones	as	opposed	to	the	usual	tame,	showy	suspects,	but	Alice	had	been	biding
her	time.	She’d	spent	the	morning	avoiding	her	mother,	waiting	until	Mr.	Harris	took	his
lunch	break	so	she	could	catch	Ben	alone.

The	last	time	she	saw	him,	he’d	said	he	had	something	for	her,	and	Alice	had	laughed.
He’d	offered	her	that	half-smile	of	his	then,	the	one	that	made	her	weak	at	the	knees,	and
asked,	“What’s	so	funny?”	And	Alice	had	drawn	herself	up	to	her	full	height	and	told	him
it	just	so	happened	she	had	something	to	give	him,	too.
She	stopped	behind	the	largest	yew	tree	at	the	end	of	the	stone	path.	It	had	been	neatly
hedged	for	the	party,	its	leaves	tight	and	freshly	cut,	and	Alice	peered	around	it.	Ben	was
still	 out	 on	 the	 island,	 and	 Mr.	 Harris	 was	 all	 the	 way	 down	 at	 the	 far	 end	 of	 the	 lake
helping	 his	 son	 Adam	 ready	 logs	 to	 be	 boated	 across.	 Poor	 Adam.	 Alice	 watched	 as	 he
scratched	 behind	 his	 ear.	 He’d	 been	 the	 pride	 of	 his	 family	 once,	 according	 to	 Mrs.
Stevenson,	 strong	 and	 strapping	 and	 bright,	 until	 a	 flying	 piece	 of	 shrapnel	 at
Passchendaele	 lodged	 in	 the	 side	 of	 his	 head	 and	 left	 him	 simple.	 War	 was	 a	 dreadful
thing,	the	cook	liked	to	opine,	pounding	her	rolling	pin	into	a	blameless	lump	of	dough	on
the	kitchen	table,	“taking	a	boy	like	that,	so	full	o’	promise,	chewing	’im	up	and	spitting
’im	out	a	dull	broken	version	of	his	old	self.”
The	one	blessing,	according	to	Mrs.	Stevenson,	was	that	Adam	himself	seemed	not	to
notice	 the	 change,	 seemed	 almost	 lightened	 by	 it.	 “That’s	 not	 the	 norm,”	 she	 always
added,	lest	she	betray	the	deep	Scottish	pessimism	at	her	core.	“There’s	plenty	more	come
back	with	all	the	laughter	hollowed	out	of	’em.”
It	was	Daddy	who’d	insisted	on	employing	Adam	on	the	estate.	“He’s	got	a	job	here	for
life,”	she’d	overheard	him	saying	to	Mr.	Harris,	his	voice	reedy	with	the	strength	of	his
feeling.	“I’ve	told	you	that	before.	As	long	as	he	needs	it,	there’s	a	place	here	for	young
Adam.”
Alice	 became	 aware	 of	 a	 soft	 whirring	 near	 her	 left	 ear,	 the	 faintest	 breath	 of	 wind
against	 her	 cheek.	 She	 glanced	 sideways	 at	 the	 dragonfly	 hovering	 in	 her	 peripheral
vision.	It	was	a	rare	one,	a	yellow-winged	darter,	and	she	felt	a	surge	of	old	excitement.
She	 pictured	 Daddy	 in	 his	 study,	 hiding	 from	 Mother	 in	 her	 Midsummer	 state.	 If	 Alice
were	 quick,	 she	 could	 catch	 the	 darter	 and	 run	 it	 upstairs	 for	 his	 collection,	 bask	 in	 the
pleasure	she	knew	the	gift	would	bring,	and	feel	herself	elevated	in	her	father’s	esteem,
the	 way	 she	 had	 as	 a	 little	 girl,	 when	 the	 privilege	 of	 being	 the	 chosen	 one,	 permitted
inside	the	dusty	room	of	science	books	and	white	gloves	and	glass	display	cabinets,	was
enough	to	make	her	overlook	the	horror	of	the	shining	silver	pins.
But	of	course	there	wasn’t	time	to	go	now.	Why,	even	in	considering	it	she	was	falling
victim	to	distraction.	Alice	frowned.	Time	had	a	funny	way	of	losing	shape	when	her	mind
got	 busy	 on	 a	 matter.	 She	 checked	 her	 watch.	 Almost	 ten	 past	 twelve.	 Twenty	 more
minutes	and	the	head	gardener	would	retreat	to	his	shed	as	he	did	each	day	for	his	cheeseand-piccalilli	 sandwich,	 and	 then	 contemplation	 of	 the	 racing	 pages.	 He	 was	 a	 man	 of
habits	and	Alice,	for	one,	respected	that.
Forgetting	the	dragonfly,	she	crossed	the	path	at	a	clip	and	made	her	furtive	way	around
the	 lake,	 avoiding	 the	 lawn	 and	 the	 band	 of	 groundsmen	 sweeping	 near	 the	 elaborate
fireworks	contraption,	keeping	to	the	shadows	until	she	reached	the	Sunken	Garden.	She
sat	on	the	sun-warmed	steps	of	the	old	fountain	and	set	the	basket	beside	her.	It	was	the
perfect	 vantage	 point,	 she	 decided;	 the	 nearby	 hawthorn	 hedge	 provided	 ample	 cover,
while	small	gaps	in	its	foliage	permitted	a	fine	view	of	the	new	jetty.

While	she	waited	to	catch	Ben	alone,	Alice	watched	a	pair	of	rooks	tumbling	together
in	the	sea-blue	sky	above.	Her	gaze	fell	to	the	house	where	men	on	ladders	were	weaving
huge	wreaths	of	greenery	along	the	brick	façade	and	a	couple	of	housemaids	were	busy
attaching	delicate	paper	lanterns	to	fine	strings	beneath	the	eaves.	The	sun	had	lit	up	the
top	row	of	leadlight	windows,	and	the	family	home,	polished	to	within	an	inch	of	its	life,
was	sparkling	like	a	bejeweled	old	dame	dressed	for	her	annual	opera	outing.
A	great	swelling	wave	of	affection	came	suddenly	upon	Alice.	For	as	long	as	she	could
remember,	 she’d	 been	 aware	 that	 the	 house	 and	 the	 gardens	 of	 Loeanneth	 lived	 and
breathed	for	her	in	a	way	they	didn’t	for	her	sisters.	While	London	was	a	lure	to	Deborah,
Alice	was	never	happier,	never	quite	as	much	herself,	as	she	was	here;	sitting	on	the	edge
of	the	stream,	toes	dangling	in	the	slow	current;	lying	in	bed	before	the	dawn,	listening	to
the	 busy	 family	 of	 swifts	 who’d	 built	 their	 nest	 above	 her	 window;	 winding	 her	 way
around	the	lake,	notebook	always	tucked	beneath	her	arm.
She	had	been	seven	years	old	when	she	realized	that	one	day	she	would	grow	up	and
that	grown-ups	didn’t,	in	the	usual	order	of	things,	continue	to	live	in	their	parents’	home.
She’d	 felt	 a	 great	 chasm	 of	 existential	 dread	 open	 up	 inside	 her	 then,	 and	 had	 taken	 to
engraving	 her	 name	 whenever	 and	 wherever	 she	 could—in	 the	 hard	 English	 oak	 of	 the
morning-room	 window	 frames,	 in	 the	 filmy	 grouting	 between	 the	 gunroom	 tiles,	 on	 the
Strawberry	 Thief	 wallpaper	 in	 the	 entrance	 hall—as	 if	 by	 such	 small	 acts	 she	 might
somehow	tie	herself	to	the	place	in	a	tangible	and	enduring	way.	Alice	had	gone	without
pudding	 for	 the	 entire	 summer	 when	 Mother	 discovered	 this	 particular	 expression	 of
affection,	 a	 punishment	 she	 could	 have	 borne	 but	 for	 the	 injustice	 of	 being	 cast	 as	 a
wanton	vandal.	“I	thought	you	of	all	people	would	have	more	respect	for	the	house,”	her
mother	had	hissed,	white	with	fury.	“That	a	child	of	mine	could	behave	with	such	careless
disregard,	be	the	author	of	such	a	cruel	and	thoughtless	prank!”	The	shame	Alice	had	felt,
the	 heartbreak,	 at	 hearing	 herself	 described	 in	 such	 a	 way,	 at	 having	 the	 results	 of	 her
passionate	need	for	possession	reduced	to	a	general	mischief,	had	been	profound.
But	never	mind	that	now.	She	stretched	her	legs	out	in	front	of	her,	lining	up	her	toes,
and	sighed	with	deep	contentment.	It	was	in	the	past,	water	under	the	bridge,	a	childish
fixation.	 Sunlight	 was	 everywhere,	 glittering	 gold	 off	 the	 bright	 green	 leaves	 of	 the
garden.	A	blackcap,	concealed	within	the	foliage	of	a	nearby	willow,	sang	a	sweet	fanfare
and	a	pair	of	mallards	fought	over	a	particularly	juicy	snail.	The	orchestra	was	rehearsing
a	dance	number	and	music	skimmed	across	the	surface	of	the	lake.	How	lucky	they	were
to	 get	 a	 day	 like	 this	 one!	 After	 weeks	 of	 agonizing,	 of	 their	 studying	 the	 dawn,	 of
consulting	Those	Who	Ought	to	Know,	the	sun	had	risen,	burning	off	any	lingering	cloud,
just	as	it	should	on	Midsummer’s	Eve.	The	evening	would	be	warm,	the	breeze	light,	the
party	as	bewitching	as	ever.
Alice	had	been	aware	of	Midsummer	Eve’s	magic	long	before	she	was	old	enough	to
stay	up	for	the	party,	back	when	Nanny	Bruen	would	bring	them	downstairs,	Alice	and	her
two	sisters	in	their	finest	dresses,	and	prod	them	into	line	for	presentation	to	the	guests.
The	 party	 was	 still	 in	 its	 opening	 throes	 then,	 well-dressed	 adults	 behaving	 with	 stilted
decorum	 as	 they	 waited	 for	 night’s	 fall;	 but	 later,	 when	 she	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 asleep,
Alice	 would	 listen	 for	 Nanny’s	 breaths	 to	 grow	 deep	 and	 slumbersome,	 and	 then	 she’d
creep	to	the	nursery	window	and	kneel	on	a	chair	to	watch	the	lanterns	glowing	like	night-

ripe	 fruit,	 the	 raging	 bonfire	 that	 appeared	 to	 float	 on	 the	 moon-silvered	 water,	 the
enchanted	world	in	which	places	and	people	were	almost	as	she	remembered	them,	but	not
quite.
And	 tonight	 she’d	 be	 among	 them;	 a	 night	 that	 was	 going	 to	 be	 extra	 special.	 Alice
smiled,	shivering	lightly	with	anticipation.	She	checked	her	watch	and	then	took	out	the
folder	she’d	tucked	inside	the	basket,	opening	it	to	reveal	the	precious	cargo	inside.	The
manuscript	was	one	of	two	copies	she’d	painstakingly	typed	on	the	Remington	portable,
her	latest	effort	and	the	culmination	of	a	year’s	work.	There	was	a	small	error	in	the	title
where	 she’d	 accidentally	 hit	 a	 u	 rather	 than	 a	 y,	 but	 other	 than	 that,	 it	 was	 perfect.	 Ben
wouldn’t	mind;	he’d	be	the	first	to	tell	her	it	was	far	more	important	to	send	the	pristine
copy	to	Victor	Gollancz.	When	it	was	published,	he	could	have	his	very	own	first	edition,
she’d	even	sign	it	for	him,	right	beneath	the	dedication.
Bye	Baby	Bunting:	Alice	read	the	title	under	her	breath,	enjoying	the	little	shiver	it	still
sent	down	her	spine.	She	was	very	proud	of	the	story;	it	was	her	best	so	far	and	she	had
high	hopes	for	its	publication.	It	was	a	murder	mystery,	a	proper	one.	After	studying	the
preface	to	Best	Detective	Stories,	she’d	sat	down	with	her	notebook	and	made	a	list	of	the
rules	 according	 to	 Mr.	 Ronald	 Knox.	 She’d	 realized	 her	 mistake	 in	 trying	 to	 marry	 two
disparate	 genres,	 killed	 off	 Laura,	 and	 then	 started	 again	 from	 scratch,	 dreaming	 up,
instead,	a	country	house,	a	detective	and	a	household	full	of	worthy	suspects.	The	puzzle
had	been	the	tricky	bit,	figuring	out	how	to	keep	whodunit	from	her	readers.	That’s	when
she’d	decided	she	needed	a	sounding	board,	a	Watson	to	her	Holmes,	so	to	speak.	Happily,
she’d	found	him.	She’d	found	more	than	that.
For	B.M.,	partner	in	crime,	accomplice	in	life
She	ran	her	thumb	over	the	dedication.	Once	the	novel	was	published,	everyone	would
know	 about	 them,	 but	 Alice	 didn’t	 care.	 There	 was	 a	 part	 of	 her	 that	 couldn’t	 wait.	 So
many	times	she’d	almost	blurted	it	out	to	Deborah,	or	even	to	Clemmie,	so	desperate	was
she	to	hear	the	words	said	aloud,	and	she’d	been	dodging	conversations	with	Mother,	who
harbored	 suspicions,	 Alice	 knew.	 But	 it	 was	 right,	 somehow,	 that	 they	 should	 find	 out
when	they	read	her	first	published	book.
Bye	Baby	Bunting	had	been	born	out	of	conversations	with	Ben;	she	couldn’t	have	done
it	without	him,	and	now,	having	plucked	their	thoughts	from	the	air	and	put	them	down	as
words	 on	 paper,	 she’d	 taken	 something	 intangible,	 a	 mere	 possibility,	 and	 made	 it	 real.
Alice	couldn’t	help	but	feel	that	by	giving	him	his	copy,	she	was	making	the	promise	that
stretched	unspoken	between	them	more	real,	too.	Promises	were	important	in	the	Edevane
family.	It	was	something	they’d	learned	from	Mother,	the	adage	drummed	into	them	from
as	soon	as	they	could	talk:	a	promise	should	never	be	made	that	one	wasn’t	prepared	to
keep.
Voices	 sounded	 on	 the	 other	 side	 of	 the	 hawthorn	 hedge	 and	 instinctively	 Alice
snatched	up	the	manuscript,	hugging	it	to	her.	She	listened,	alert,	and	then	hurried	to	the
hedge,	peering	through	a	small	diamond-shaped	gap	in	the	leaves.	Ben	was	no	longer	out
on	 the	 island	 and	 the	 boat	 was	 back	 at	 the	 jetty,	 but	 Alice	 found	 the	 three	 men	 together
near	the	remaining	pile	of	logs.	She	watched	as	Ben	drank	from	his	tin	canteen,	the	knot	in
his	throat	that	moved	as	he	swallowed,	the	shadow	of	stubble	along	his	jawline,	the	curl	of

dark	hair	that	reached	his	collar.	Perspiration	had	left	a	damp	patch	on	his	shirt	and	Alice’s
throat	caught;	she	loved	his	smell,	it	was	so	earthy	and	real.
Mr.	Harris	gathered	up	his	tool	bag	and	issued	some	parting	instructions,	to	which	Ben
gave	 a	 nod,	 the	 hint	 of	 a	 smile.	 Alice	 smiled	 with	 him,	 taking	 in	 the	 dimple	 in	 his	 left
cheek,	his	strong	shoulders,	his	exposed	forearm	glistening	beneath	the	fierce	sun.	As	she
watched	he	straightened,	a	noise	in	the	distance	having	caught	his	attention.	She	followed
his	gaze	as	it	left	Mr.	Harris	and	settled	on	something	in	the	wild	gardens	beyond.
Visible,	 just,	 in	 the	 tangle	 of	 foxtail	 lilies	 and	 verbena,	 Alice	 spotted	 a	 small	 figure
making	his	way,	jouncy	and	intrepid,	towards	the	house.	Theo.	The	glimpse	of	her	baby
brother	 broadened	 Alice’s	 smile;	 the	 large	 black	 shadow	 hovering	 behind,	 however,
doused	 it.	 She	 understood	 now	 why	 Ben	 was	 frowning;	 she	 felt	 the	 same	 way	 about
Nanny	Bruen.	She	didn’t	like	her	one	bit,	but	then	one	tended	not	to	develop	fond	feelings
for	people	with	despotic	dispositions.	Why	the	sweet,	pretty	Nanny	Rose	had	been	fired
was	anyone’s	guess.	She’d	obviously	adored	Theo,	doted	on	him,	in	fact,	and	there	wasn’t
anyone	 who	 didn’t	 like	 her.	 Even	 Daddy	 had	 been	 seen	 chatting	 with	 her	 in	 the	 garden
while	Theo	tripped	after	the	ducks,	and	Daddy	was	a	very	discerning	judge	of	character.
Something	 had	 got	 up	 Mother’s	 nose,	 though.	 Two	 weeks	 ago,	 Alice	 had	 seen	 her
arguing	 with	 Nanny	 Rose,	 an	 exchange	 of	 heated	 whispers	 outside	 the	 nursery.	 The
disagreement	had	been	to	do	with	Theo,	but	vexingly,	Alice	had	been	too	far	away	to	hear
precisely	what	was	said.	The	next	thing	anyone	knew,	Nanny	Rose	was	gone	and	Nanny
Bruen	had	been	dusted	off	for	duty.	Alice	had	thought	they’d	seen	the	last	of	the	ancient
battle-axe	 with	 her	 whiskery	 chin	 and	 bottle	 of	 castor	 oil.	 Indeed,	 she’d	 always	 felt	 a
certain	 jot	 of	 personal	 pride,	 having	 overheard	 Grandmother	 deShiel	 commenting	 that	 it
was	unruly	Alice	who	had	broken	the	last	of	the	old	nanny’s	spirit.	But	now,	here	she	was,
back	again,	more	crotchety	than	ever.
Alice	was	still	lamenting	the	loss	of	Nanny	Rose	when	she	realized	she	was	no	longer
alone	on	her	side	of	the	hedge.	A	twig	snapped	behind	her	and	she	straightened	abruptly,
swinging	around.
“Mr.	Llewellyn!”	Alice	exclaimed,	when	she	saw	the	hunched	figure	standing	there,	an
easel	 under	 one	 arm,	 a	 large	 sketch	 block	 clutched	 awkwardly	 to	 his	 other	 side.	 “You
frightened	me.”
“Sorry,	 Alice,	 dear.	 It	 would	 appear	 I	 don’t	 know	 my	 own	 stealth.	 I	 was	 hoping	 we
might	have	a	little	chat.”
“Now,	 Mr.	 Llewellyn?”	 Despite	 her	 affection	 for	 the	 old	 man,	 she	 fought	 a	 wave	 of
frustration.	 He	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 understand	 that	 those	 days	 were	 gone,	 the	 days	 of	 Alice
sitting	with	him	while	he	sketched,	of	bobbing	downstream	together	in	the	rowing	boat,	of
her	confessing	all	her	childish	secrets	as	they	hunted	fairies.	He’d	been	important	to	her
once,	there	was	no	denying	that;	a	treasured	friend	when	she	was	small	and	a	mentor	when
she	was	first	getting	started	with	her	writing.	Many	times	she’d	run	to	present	him	with	the
small	childish	stories	she’d	scribbled	in	a	fit	of	inspiration	and	he’d	made	a	great	show	of
providing	earnest	critique.	But	now,	at	sixteen,	she	had	other	interests,	things	she	couldn’t
share	with	him.	“I’m	rather	busy,	you	see.”

His	 gaze	 drifted	 towards	 the	 hole	 in	 the	 hedge	 and	 Alice	 felt	 her	 cheeks	 glow	 with
sudden	warmth.
“I’m	keeping	an	eye	on	party	preparations,”	she	said	quickly,	and	when	Mr.	Llewellyn
smiled	 in	 a	 way	 that	 suggested	 he	 knew	 precisely	 whom	 she’d	 been	 watching	 and	 why,
she	added,	“I’ve	been	gathering	flowers	for	Mother.”
He	glanced	at	her	discarded	basket,	the	blooms	wilting	now	in	the	midday	heat.
“A	task	I	really	should	be	getting	on	with.”
“Of	course,”	he	said	with	a	nod,	“and	I	wouldn’t	normally	dream	of	interrupting	while
you’re	 so	 busy	 helping.	 But	 there’s	 something	 rather	 important	 I	 need	 to	 talk	 to	 you
about.”
“I’m	afraid	I	really	can’t	spare	the	time.”
Mr.	Llewellyn	seemed	unusually	disappointed	and	it	occurred	to	Alice	that	he’d	been
quite	flat	lately.	Not	moping	exactly,	but	distracted	and	sad.	The	buttons	of	his	satin	vest
were	done	up	crookedly,	she	noticed,	and	the	scarf	around	his	neck	was	tatty.	She	felt	a
sudden	 wave	 of	 sympathy	 and	 nodded	 towards	 his	 sketch	 block,	 an	 attempt	 to	 make
amends.	“It’s	very	good.”	It	was,	too.	She	hadn’t	known	him	to	draw	Theo	before,	and	the
likeness	was	exceptional,	the	lingering	hint	of	babyhood	in	his	round	cheeks	and	full	lips,
the	wide	trusting	eyes.	Dear	Mr.	Llewellyn	had	always	been	able	to	see	the	best	in	all	of
them.	 “Shall	 we	 meet	 after	 tea,	 perhaps?”	 she	 suggested	 with	 an	 encouraging	 smile.
“Sometime	before	the	party?”
Mr.	 Llewellyn	 gathered	 his	 sketch	 block	 closer,	 considering	 Alice’s	 proposal	 before
frowning	slightly.	“What	about	at	the	bonfire	tonight?”
“You’re	coming?”	This	was	a	surprise.	Mr.	Llewellyn	was	not	a	social	gentleman	and
ordinarily	 went	 out	 of	 his	 way	 to	 avoid	 crowds—especially	 those	 crowds	 comprising
people	 intent	 on	 meeting	 him.	 He	 adored	 Mother,	 but	 even	 she	 had	 never	 managed	 to
entice	him	to	attend	Midsummer	before.	Her	mother’s	precious	first	edition	of	Eleanor’s
Magic	Doorway	would	be	on	display,	as	it	always	was,	and	people	would	be	vying	to	meet
its	creator.	They	never	tired	of	kneeling	down	by	the	hedge	and	hunting	for	the	buried	top
of	the	old	stone	pillar.	“Look,	Simeon,	I	can	see	it!	The	brass	ring	from	the	map,	just	as	it
says	in	the	book!”	Little	did	they	know	that	the	tunnel	had	been	sealed	for	years	against
the	explorations	of	curious	guests	like	them.
Ordinarily,	Alice	might	have	probed	further,	but	a	burst	of	male	laughter	from	the	other
side	of	the	hedge,	followed	by	a	comradely	shout	of	“It’ll	keep,	Adam—go	with	your	dad
and	 have	 some	 lunch,	 no	 need	 to	 lift	 them	 all	 at	 once!”	 jolted	 her	 back	 to	 her	 purpose.
“Well,	then,”	she	said,	“tonight,	yes.	At	the	party.”
“Shall	we	say	half	past	eleven,	beneath	the	arbor?”
“Yes,	yes.”
“It’s	important,	Alice.”
“Half	past	eleven,”	she	repeated,	a	touch	impatiently.	“I’ll	be	there.”

Still	 he	 didn’t	 leave	 but	 remained,	 seemingly	 glued	 to	 the	 spot,	 wearing	 that	 serious,
melancholy	expression	and	staring	straight	at	her,	almost	as	if	he	were	trying	to	memorize
her	features.
“Mr.	Llewellyn?”
“Do	you	remember	the	time	we	took	the	boat	out	on	Clemmie’s	birthday?”
“Yes,”	she	said.	“Yes,	it	was	a	lovely	day.	A	rare	treat.”	Alice	made	a	point	of	gathering
her	basket	from	the	fountain	steps,	and	Mr.	Llewellyn	must	have	taken	the	hint,	because
when	she	finished	he	was	gone.
Alice	felt	the	nag	of	an	unspecified	regret	and	sighed	deeply.	She	supposed	it	was	being
in	 love	 that	 made	 her	 feel	 this	 way,	 a	 sort	 of	 general	 pity	 for	 everyone	 who	 wasn’t	 her.
Poor	old	Mr.	Llewellyn.	She’d	thought	him	a	magician	once;	now	she	saw	only	a	stooped
and	rather	sad	man,	old	before	his	time,	constrained	by	the	Victorian	dress	and	habits	with
which	 he	 refused	 to	 part.	 He’d	 had	 a	 breakdown	 in	 his	 youth—it	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 a
secret,	but	Alice	knew	a	lot	of	things	she	shouldn’t.	It	had	happened	back	when	Mother
was	 just	 a	 girl	 and	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 a	 firm	 friend	 of	 Henri	 deShiel.	 He’d	 given	 up	 his
professional	 life	 in	 London,	 and	 that	 was	 when	 he’d	 come	 up	 with	 Eleanor’s	 Magic
Doorway.
As	 to	 what	 had	 prompted	 his	 breakdown,	 Alice	 didn’t	 know.	 It	 occurred	 to	 her	 now,
vaguely,	that	she	ought	to	make	a	better	job	of	finding	out,	but	not	today;	it	wasn’t	a	task
for	today.	There	simply	wasn’t	time	for	the	past	when	the	future	was	right	there	waiting
for	her	on	the	other	side	of	the	hedge.	Another	glance	confirmed	that	Ben	was	by	himself,
gathering	 his	 things,	 about	 to	 go	 back	 through	 the	 garden	 to	 his	 accommodations	 for
lunch.	Alice	promptly	forgot	about	Mr.	Llewellyn.	She	lifted	her	face	towards	the	sun	and
relished	the	blaze	that	graced	her	cheeks.	What	a	joy	it	was	to	be	her,	right	now,	in	this
precise	moment.	She	couldn’t	imagine	that	anyone,	anywhere,	could	be	more	content.	And
then	she	stepped	towards	the	jetty,	manuscript	in	hand,	intoxicated	by	an	enticing	sense	of
herself	as	a	girl	on	the	precipice	of	a	glimmering	future.

3
CORNWALL,	2003

Sun	cut	between	the	leaves,	and	Sadie	ran	so	that	her	lungs	begged	her	to	stop.	She	didn’t,
though;	she	ran	harder,	savoring	the	reassurance	of	her	footfalls.	The	rhythmic	thud,	the
faint	echo	caused	by	damp,	mossy	earth	and	dense	trampled	undergrowth.
The	 dogs	 had	 disappeared	 off	 the	 narrow	 track	 some	 time	 ago,	 noses	 to	 the	 ground,
slipping	 like	 streaks	 of	 molasses	 through	 the	 glistening	 brambles	 on	 either	 side.	 It	 was
possible	they	were	more	relieved	than	she	that	the	rain	had	finally	stopped	and	they	were
free.	 It	 surprised	 Sadie	 how	 much	 she	 enjoyed	 having	 the	 pair	 of	 them	 alongside	 her.
She’d	 been	 resistant	 when	 her	 grandfather	 first	 suggested	 it,	 but	 Bertie—already
suspicious	of	her	sudden	arrival	on	his	doorstep	(“Since	when	do	you	take	holidays?”)—
had	 proven	 characteristically	 stubborn:	 “Those	 woods	 are	 deep	 in	 places	 and	 you’re	 not
familiar	with	them.	It	wouldn’t	take	much	to	get	lost.”	When	he’d	started	making	noises
about	asking	one	of	the	local	lads	to	meet	up	with	her	“for	company,”	regarding	her	with	a
look	that	said	he	was	on	the	brink	of	asking	questions	she	didn’t	want	to	answer,	Sadie	had
swiftly	agreed	the	dogs	could	do	with	the	run.
Sadie	always	ran	alone.	She’d	been	doing	so	since	long	before	the	Bailey	case	blew	up
and	 her	 life	 in	 London	 imploded.	 It	 was	 best.	 There	 were	 people	 who	 ran	 for	 exercise,
those	 who	 ran	 for	 pleasure,	 and	 then	 there	 was	 Sadie,	 who	 ran	 like	 someone	 trying	 to
escape	her	own	death.	A	long-ago	boyfriend	had	told	her	that.	He’d	said	it	accusingly,	bent
over	double	and	trying	to	catch	his	breath	in	the	middle	of	Hampstead	Heath.	Sadie	had
shrugged,	puzzling	over	why	that	might	be	considered	a	bad	thing,	and	she’d	known	then,
with	surprisingly	little	regret,	that	it	wasn’t	going	to	work	out	between	them.
A	gust	of	wind	slipped	through	the	branches,	spraying	last	night’s	raindrops	against	her
face.	 Sadie	 shook	 her	 head	 but	 didn’t	 slow	 down.	 Wild	 rambling	 roses	 had	 started	 to
appear	 on	 the	 sides	 of	 the	 path;	 creatures	 of	 habit	 making	 their	 yearly	 bids	 between	 the
bracken	and	the	fallen	logs.	It	was	good	such	things	existed.	It	was	proof	there	really	was
beauty	and	goodness	in	the	world,	just	like	the	poems	and	platitudes	said.	It	was	easy	to
lose	sight	of	that	fact	in	her	line	of	work.
There’d	been	more	in	the	London	papers	over	the	weekend.	Sadie	had	caught	a	glimpse
over	 the	 shoulder	 of	 a	 man	 in	 the	 Harbour	 Café	 while	 she	 and	 Bertie	 were	 having
breakfast.	That	is,	while	she	was	having	breakfast	and	he	was	having	some	sort	of	green
smoothie	that	smelled	like	grass.	It	was	only	a	small	piece,	a	single	column	on	page	5,	but
the	name	Maggie	Bailey	 was	 a	 magnet	 to	 Sadie’s	 eye	 and	 she’d	 stopped	 speaking	 midsentence,	 scanning	 the	 small	 print	 hungrily.	 She’d	 learned	 nothing	 new	 from	 the	 article,
which	 meant	 there’d	 been	 no	 change.	 And	 why	 would	 there	 be?	 The	 case	 was	 closed.
Derek	 Maitland	 had	 the	 byline.	 No	 surprise	 he	 was	 still	 clinging	 to	 the	 story	 like	 a	 dog

with	 his	 neighbor’s	 bone;	 that	 was	 his	 nature.	 Maybe	 on	 some	 level	 it	 was	 why	 she’d
chosen	him	in	the	first	place?
Sadie	 started	 as	 Ash	 leapt	 from	 behind	 a	 bank	 of	 trees	 and	 cut	 in	 front	 of	 her,	 ears
flapping,	 mouth	 open	 in	 a	 wide,	 wet	 grin.	 She	 pushed	 herself	 not	 to	 fall	 too	 far	 behind,
clenched	her	fists	so	her	fingers	drove	into	her	palms	and	ran	harder.	She	wasn’t	supposed
to	be	reading	the	newspapers.	She	was	supposed	to	be	“taking	a	break	from	it	all”	while
she	sorted	herself	out	and	waited	for	things	in	London	to	cool	down.	Donald’s	advice.	He
was	 trying	 to	 protect	 her	 from	 having	 her	 nose	 rubbed	 in	 her	 own	 stupidity,	 she	 knew,
which	was	kind	of	him,	but	really	it	was	a	bit	too	late	for	that.
It	had	been	all	over	the	papers	at	the	time,	and	the	TV	news,	and	it	hadn’t	slowed	down
in	 the	 weeks	 since,	 only	 broadened	 in	 scope	 from	 articles	 reporting	 Sadie’s	 specific
comments	to	gleeful	claims	of	internal	division	within	the	Met,	implications	of	cover-ups.
No	wonder	Ashford	was	angry.	The	super	never	missed	a	chance	to	trumpet	his	views	on
loyalty,	 hoicking	 up	 his	 lunch-stained	 trousers	 and	 giving	 the	 assembled	 detectives	 a
spittle-laden	blast:	“Nothing	worse	than	a	canary,	you	hear?	You	got	a	gripe,	you	keep	it
in-house.	Nothing	more	damaging	to	the	department	than	coppers	who	start	whistling	to
outsiders.”	Special	mention	was	always	made	then	of	that	most	heinous	of	outsiders,	the
journalist,	Ashford’s	chin	shaking	with	the	force	of	his	loathing:	“Bloodsuckers,	the	lot	of
them.”
Thank	God	he	didn’t	know	it	was	Sadie	who’d	done	this	particular	spot	of	whistling.
Donald	had	covered	for	her,	the	same	way	he	had	when	she	first	started	making	mistakes
at	 work.	 “That’s	 what	 partners	 do,”	 he’d	 said	 back	 then,	 brushing	 away	 her	 clumsy
gratitude	with	customary	gruffness.	It	had	been	a	bit	of	a	joke	between	them,	the	minor
lapses	 in	 her	 usual	 fastidious	 conduct,	 but	 this	 latest	 infraction	 was	 different.	 As	 senior
investigating	 officer,	 Donald	 was	 responsible	 for	 the	 actions	 of	 his	 DC,	 and	 while
forgetting	to	bring	a	notepad	to	an	interview	merited	a	good-natured	ribbing,	letting	slip
claims	the	department	had	botched	an	investigation	was	something	else	entirely.
Donald	had	known	she	was	the	leak	as	soon	as	the	story	broke.	He’d	taken	her	out	for	a
pint	 at	 the	 Fox	 and	 Hounds	 and	 advised	 her,	 in	 terms	 that	 left	 very	 little	 room	 for
disagreement,	that	she	needed	to	get	out	of	London.	Take	the	leave	she	was	owed	and	stay
away	 until	 she	 got	 whatever	 was	 bothering	 her	 out	 of	 her	 system.	 “I’m	 not	 kidding,
Sparrow,”	 he’d	 said,	 wiping	 lager	 froth	 off	 his	 steel-bristle	 moustache.	 “I	 don’t	 know
what’s	got	into	you	lately,	but	Ashford	isn’t	stupid,	he’s	going	to	be	watching	like	a	hawk.
Your	grandfather’s	in	Cornwall	now,	isn’t	he?	For	your	own	sake—for	both	our	sakes—
get	yourself	down	there	and	don’t	come	back	until	you’ve	got	yourself	sorted.”
A	fallen	log	came	at	her	from	nowhere	and	Sadie	leapt	over	it,	catching	the	tip	of	her
running	shoe.	Adrenaline	spread	beneath	her	skin	like	hot	syrup	and	she	harnessed	it,	ran
harder.	Don’t	come	back	until	you’ve	got	yourself	sorted.	That	was	a	whole	lot	easier	said
than	done.	Donald	might	not	know	the	cause	of	her	distraction	and	blundering,	but	Sadie
did.	She	pictured	the	envelope	and	its	contents,	tucked	away	in	the	bedside	cabinet	of	the
spare	room	at	Bertie’s	place:	the	pretty	paper,	the	flowery	handwriting,	the	ice-water	shock
of	 the	 message	 inside.	 She	 could	 mark	 the	 start	 of	 her	 troubles	 from	 the	 evening,	 six
weeks	ago,	when	she’d	trodden	on	that	bloody	letter	lying	on	the	doormat	of	her	London
flat.	At	first	it	had	just	been	occasional	lapses	in	concentration,	little	mistakes	that	were

easy	enough	to	cover,	but	then	the	Bailey	case	had	come	along,	that	little	motherless	girl,
and	kapow!	The	perfect	storm.
With	 a	 final	 burst	 of	 energy,	 Sadie	 forced	 herself	 to	 sprint	 to	 the	 black	 stump,	 her
turnaround	point.	She	didn’t	ease	up	until	she	reached	it,	lurching	forwards	to	strike	one
hand	 against	 the	 damp,	 jagged	 top,	 then	 collapsing,	 palms	 on	 knees,	 as	 she	 caught	 her
breath.	 Her	 diaphragm	 swung	 in	 and	 out,	 her	 vision	 starred.	 She	 hurt	 and	 she	 was	 glad.
Ash	was	nosing	around	nearby,	sniffing	at	the	end	of	a	moss-covered	log	that	jutted	from
the	steep,	muddy	rise.	Sadie	drank	greedily	from	her	water	bottle	and	then	squeezed	some
into	 the	 dog’s	 ready	 mouth.	 She	 stroked	 the	 smooth	 glossy	 darkness	 between	 his	 ears.
“Where’s	your	brother?”	she	said,	to	which	Ash	cocked	his	head	and	just	stared	at	her	with
his	clever	eyes.	“Where’s	Ramsay?”
Sadie	 scanned	 the	 wild	 tangle	 of	 greenery	 surrounding	 them.	 Ferns	 were	 striving
towards	 the	 light,	 spiraled	 stems	 uncoiling	 into	 fronds.	 The	 sweet	 scent	 of	 honeysuckle
mingled	with	the	earthiness	of	recent	rain.	Summer	rain.	She’d	always	loved	that	smell,
even	more	so	when	Bertie	told	her	it	was	caused	by	a	type	of	bacteria.	It	proved	that	good
things	 could	 come	 from	 bad	 if	 the	 right	 conditions	 were	 applied.	 Sadie	 had	 a	 vested
interest	in	believing	that	was	true.
They	 were	 thick	 woods,	 and	 it	 struck	 her	 as	 she	 looked	 for	 Ramsay	 that	 Bertie	 was
right.	It	would	be	possible	to	become	lost	forever	in	a	place	like	this.	Not	Sadie,	not	with
the	 dogs	 by	 her	 side,	 keen	 noses	 trained	 on	 the	 way	 back	 home,	 but	 someone	 else,	 an
innocent,	the	girl	from	a	fairy	story.	That	girl,	her	head	filled	with	romance,	might	easily
venture	too	deep	inside	woods	like	these	and	be	lost.
Sadie	didn’t	know	many	fairy	stories,	not	beyond	the	obvious	ones.	It	was	one	of	the
gaping	holes	she’d	come	to	recognize	in	her	experience	compared	with	that	of	her	peers
(fairy	 tales,	 A	 levels,	 parental	 warmth).	 Even	 the	 little	 Bailey	 girl’s	 bedroom,	 though
sparsely	furnished,	had	contained	a	shelf	of	books	and	a	well-thumbed	volume	of	Grimm’s
tales.	But	there’d	been	no	whispered	stories	of	“Once	upon	a	time”	in	Sadie’s	childhood:
her	mother	hadn’t	been	the	whispering	type,	her	father	less	so,	the	two	of	them	equal	in
their	adamant	distaste	for	the	fanciful.
Regardless,	Sadie	had	absorbed	enough	as	a	citizen	of	the	world	to	know	that	people
went	missing	in	fairy	tales,	and	that	there	were	usually	deep	dark	woods	involved.	People
went	missing	often	enough	in	real	life,	too.	Sadie	knew	that	from	experience.	Some	were
lost	 by	 misadventure,	 others	 by	 choice:	 the	 disappeared	 as	 opposed	 to	 the	 missing,	 the
ones	who	didn’t	want	to	be	found.	People	like	Maggie	Bailey.
“Run	off.”	Donald	had	called	it	early,	the	same	day	they	found	little	Caitlyn	alone	in
the	apartment,	weeks	before	they	found	the	note	that	proved	him	right.	“Responsibility	got
too	much.	Kids,	making	ends	meet,	life.	If	I	had	a	quid	for	every	time	I’d	seen	it	.	.	.”
But	Sadie	had	refused	to	believe	that	theory.	She’d	gone	off	on	a	tangent	of	her	own,
floated	 fantastic	 suppositions	 about	 foul	 play,	 the	 sort	 that	 belonged	 only	 in	 mystery
novels,	insisting	that	a	mother	wouldn’t	walk	out	on	her	kid	like	that,	bleating	on	and	on
about	combing	through	the	evidence	again,	searching	for	the	vital	clue	they’d	missed.
“You’re	 looking	 for	 something	 you’ll	 never	 find,”	 Donald	 had	 told	 her.	 “Sometimes,
Sparrow—not	bloody	often,	but	sometimes—things	really	are	as	simple	as	they	seem.”

“Like	you,	you	mean.”
He’d	laughed.	“Cheeky	mare.”	And	then	his	tone	had	softened,	turning	almost	fatherly,
which,	 as	 far	 as	 Sadie	 could	 see,	 was	 a	 whole	 lot	 worse	 than	 if	 he’d	 started	 yelling.
“Happens	to	the	best	of	us.	Work	this	job	long	enough	and	eventually	a	case	gets	under
your	skin.	Means	you’re	human,	but	it	doesn’t	mean	you’re	right.”
Sadie’s	 breaths	 had	 steadied	 but	 there	 was	 still	 no	 sign	 of	 Ramsay.	 She	 called	 out	 to
him	 and	 her	 voice	 echoed	 back	 from	 damp,	 dark	 places,	 Ramsay	 .	 .	 .	 Ramsay	 .	 .	 .
Ramsay	.	.	.	the	last	frail	repeat	fading	into	nothing.	He	was	the	more	reserved	of	the	two
dogs	and	it	had	taken	longer	to	gain	his	trust.	Fair	or	not,	he	was	her	favorite	because	of	it.
Sadie	 had	 always	 been	 wary	 of	 easy	 affection.	 It	 was	 a	 trait	 she’d	 also	 recognized	 in
Nancy	 Bailey,	 Maggie’s	 mother;	 one	 she	 suspected	 had	 brought	 them	 closer	 together.	 A
folie	à	deux	it	was	called,	a	shared	madness,	two	otherwise	sane	people	encouraging	each
other	 in	 the	 same	 delusion.	 Sadie	 could	 see	 now	 that’s	 what	 she	 and	 Nancy	 Bailey	 had
done,	each	feeding	the	other’s	fantasy,	convincing	themselves	there	was	more	to	Maggie’s
disappearance	than	met	the	eye.
And	 it	 had	 been	 madness.	 Ten	 years	 on	 the	 police	 force,	 five	 as	 a	 detective,	 and
everything	 she’d	 learned	 had	 gone	 out	 the	 window	 the	 moment	 she	 saw	 that	 little	 girl
alone	in	the	stale	flat;	fine	and	dainty,	backlit	so	her	messed-up	blond	hair	formed	a	halo,
eyes	wide	and	watchful	as	she	took	in	the	two	adult	strangers	who’d	just	burst	through	the
front	door.	Sadie	had	been	the	one	to	go	to	her,	taking	her	hands	and	saying,	in	a	bright,
clear	 voice	 she	 didn’t	 recognize,	 “Hello	 there,	 lovely.	 Who’s	 that	 on	 the	 front	 of	 your
nightie?	What’s	her	name?”	The	child’s	vulnerability,	her	smallness	and	uncertainty,	had
hit	hard	right	in	the	place	Sadie	usually	kept	steeled	against	emotion.	During	the	days	that
followed,	 she’d	 felt	 the	 ghostly	 imprint	 of	 the	 child’s	 small	 hands	 in	 hers,	 and	 at	 night
when	she	tried	to	sleep	she’d	heard	that	quiet,	querulous	voice	saying,	Mama?	Where’s	my
mama?	 She’d	 been	 consumed	 by	 a	 fierce	 need	 to	 make	 things	 right,	 to	 return	 the	 little
girl’s	 mother	 to	 her,	 and	 Nancy	 Bailey	 had	 proved	 to	 be	 the	 perfect	 partner.	 But	 while
Nancy	could	be	forgiven	for	clutching	at	straws,	was	understandably	desperate	to	excuse
her	daughter’s	callous	behavior,	ameliorate	the	shock	of	her	little	granddaughter’s	having
been	 left	 alone	 like	 that	 and	 assuage	 her	 own	 guilt	 (“If	 only	 I	 hadn’t	 gone	 away	 with
girlfriends	that	week	I’d	have	found	her	myself”),	Sadie	ought	to	have	known	better.	Her
entire	career,	her	entire	adult	life,	had	been	built	on	knowing	better.
“Ramsay,”	she	called	again.
Again,	 only	 silence	 in	 return,	 the	 sort	 marked	 by	 leaves	 rustling	 and	 distant	 water
running	down	a	rain-sodden	ditch.	Natural	noises	that	had	a	way	of	making	a	person	feel
more	 alone.	 Sadie	 stretched	 her	 arms	 above	 her	 head.	 The	 urge	 to	 contact	 Nancy	 was
physical,	a	great	big	weight	inside	her	chest,	a	pair	of	sweaty	fists	closed	tight	around	her
lungs.	Her	own	ignominy	she	could	bear,	but	the	shame	when	she	thought	of	Nancy	was
crushing.	 She	 still	 felt	 the	 pressing	 need	 to	 apologize,	 to	 explain	 that	 it	 had	 all	 been	 a
terrible	lapse	in	judgment,	that	she’d	never	meant	to	peddle	in	false	hope.	Donald	knew
her	 well:	 “And	 Sparrow”—his	 parting	 words	 before	 he	 packed	 her	 off	 to	 Cornwall
—“don’t	even	think	about	making	contact	with	the	grandmother.”
Louder	this	time:	“Ramsay!	Where	are	you,	boy?”

Sadie	 strained,	 listening.	 A	 startled	 bird,	 the	 beat	 of	 heavy	 wings	 high	 in	 the	 canopy.
Her	 gaze	 was	 drawn	 up	 through	 the	 lattice	 of	 branches	 to	 the	 white	 speck	 of	 a	 plane
unpeeling	the	pale-blue	sky	behind	it.	The	plane	was	heading	east	towards	London	and	she
watched	its	progress	with	an	odd	sense	of	dislocation.	Unfathomable	to	think	that	the	swirl
of	life,	her	life,	continued	there	without	her.
She	hadn’t	heard	from	Donald	since	she’d	left.	She	hadn’t	expected	to,	not	really,	not
yet,	it	had	only	been	a	week	and	he’d	insisted	she	take	a	full	month’s	leave.	“I	can	come
back	 earlier	 if	 I	 want	 to,	 right?”	 Sadie	 had	 said	 to	 the	 young	 man	 in	 HR,	 his	 confusion
making	it	evident	that	this	was	the	first	time	he’d	been	asked.	“You’d	better	not,”	Donald
had	 growled	 afterwards.	 “I	 see	 you	 back	 here	 before	 you’re	 ready,	 and	 I	 kid	 you	 not,
Sparrow,	 I’ll	 go	 straight	 to	 Ashford.”	 He	 would,	 too,	 she	 knew.	 He	 was	 heading	 for
retirement	and	not	about	to	let	his	unhinged	deputy	ruin	it	for	him.	With	no	other	choice,
Sadie	had	packed	a	bag,	tucked	her	tail	between	her	legs,	and	driven	down	to	Cornwall.
She’d	 left	 Donald	 with	 Bertie’s	 phone	 number,	 told	 him	 mobile	 reception	 was	 a	 bit	 hitand-miss,	and	held	out	hope	he’d	summon	her	back.
A	low	rumbling	came	from	beside	her	and	she	glanced	down.	Ash	was	standing	as	rigid
as	a	statue,	staring	into	the	woods	beyond.	“What’s	the	matter,	boy?	Don’t	like	the	smell
of	self-pity?”	The	fur	of	his	neck	bristled,	his	ears	swiveled,	but	his	focus	didn’t	shift.	And
then	Sadie	heard	it	too,	far	off	in	the	distance.	Ramsay,	a	bark—not	of	alarm,	perhaps,	but
unusual	all	the	same.
An	uncharacteristic	maternal	streak,	vaguely	disturbing,	had	come	over	Sadie	since	the
dogs	 had	 adopted	 her,	 and	 when	 Ash	 gave	 another	 deep	 growl,	 she	 capped	 her	 water
bottle.	“Come	on	then,”	she	said,	tapping	her	thigh.	“Let’s	go	find	that	brother	of	yours.”
Her	 grandparents	 hadn’t	 had	 dogs	 when	 they’d	 lived	 in	 London;	 Ruth	 had	 been
allergic.	But	after	Ruth	died	and	Bertie	retired	to	Cornwall,	he’d	floundered.	“I’m	doing
all	right,”	he’d	told	Sadie	down	the	whistling	phone	line.	“I	like	it	here.	I	keep	busy	during
the	day.	The	nights	are	quiet,	though;	I	find	myself	arguing	with	the	telly.	Worse,	I	have	a
strong	suspicion	I’m	losing.”
It	 had	 been	 an	 attempt	 to	 make	 light	 of	 things,	 but	 Sadie	 had	 heard	 the	 crack	 in	 his
voice.	Her	grandparents	had	fallen	in	love	as	teenagers.	Ruth’s	father	had	made	deliveries
to	 Bertie’s	 parents’	 shop	 in	 Hackney,	 and	 they’d	 been	 inseparable	 ever	 since.	 Her
grandfather’s	grief	was	palpable	and	Sadie	had	wanted	to	say	the	perfect	thing,	to	make	it
all	better.	Words	had	never	been	her	strong	suit,	though,	and	so,	instead,	she’d	suggested
he	might	stand	a	better	chance	arguing	with	a	Labrador.	He’d	laughed	and	told	her	he’d
think	 about	 it,	 and	 next	 day	 he’d	 gone	 down	 to	 the	 animal	 shelter.	 In	 typical	 Bertie
fashion,	he’d	come	home	with	not	one	but	two	dogs	and	a	cranky	cat	in	tow.	From	what
she’d	 observed	 in	 the	 week	 since	 she	 arrived	 in	 Cornwall,	 they’d	 formed	 quite	 the
contented	family,	the	four	of	them,	even	if	the	cat	spent	most	of	his	time	hiding	behind	the
sofa;	her	grandfather	seemed	happier	than	he	had	since	before	Ruth	got	sick.	All	the	more
reason	Sadie	wasn’t	about	to	return	home	without	his	dogs.
Ash’s	pace	picked	up	and	Sadie	had	to	hustle	not	to	lose	sight	of	him.	The	vegetation
was	 changing,	 she	 noticed.	 The	 air	 was	 getting	 lighter.	 Beneath	 the	 thinning	 trees,	 the
brambles	 had	 taken	 advantage	 of	 the	 brighter	 sun,	 multiplying	 and	 thickening	 gleefully.

Branches	grabbed	and	clutched	at	the	hems	of	Sadie’s	shorts	as	she	pushed	through	their
knots.	If	she’d	been	given	to	fancy,	she	might	have	imagined	they	were	trying	to	stop	her.
She	 scrambled	 up	 the	 steep	 sloping	 ground,	 avoiding	 large	 scattered	 rocks,	 until	 she
reached	the	top	and	found	herself	at	the	edge	of	the	woods.	Sadie	paused,	surveying	the
landscape	 before	 her.	 She’d	 never	 come	 this	 far	 before.	 A	 field	 of	 long	 grass	 stretched
ahead	 and	 in	 the	 distance	 she	 could	 just	 make	 out	 a	 fence	 and	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 a
lopsided	gate.	Beyond	it	was	more	of	the	same,	another	wide	grassy	space	interrupted	in
places	by	huge	trees	with	rich	leafy	foliage.	Sadie	drew	breath.	There	was	a	child,	a	small
girl,	standing	alone	in	the	center	of	the	field,	a	silhouette,	backlit,	Sadie	couldn’t	see	her
face.	She	opened	her	mouth	to	call	out,	but	when	she	blinked,	the	child	disintegrated	into
little	more	than	a	patch	of	yellow-white	glare.
She	shook	her	head.	Her	brain	was	tired.	Her	eyes	were	tired.	She	ought	to	get	them
checked	for	floaters.
Ash,	 who’d	 bounded	 ahead,	 looked	 over	 his	 shoulder	 to	 check	 her	 progress,	 barking
impatiently	when	he	judged	it	insufficient.	Sadie	started	across	the	field	after	him,	pushing
aside	the	vague	unwelcome	notion	she	was	doing	something	she	shouldn’t.	The	sensation
was	not	a	familiar	one.	As	a	rule,	Sadie	didn’t	worry	about	that	sort	of	thing,	but	the	recent
trouble	 at	 work	 had	 her	 spooked.	 She	 didn’t	 like	 being	 spooked.	 Spooked	 was	 a	 bit	 too
close	to	vulnerable	for	Sadie’s	liking	and	she’d	decided	years	ago	it	was	better	to	march
straight	up	to	trouble	than	have	it	sneak	up	behind	her.
The	gate,	she	saw	when	she	reached	it,	was	made	of	timber:	sun-bleached,	splintered,
and	hanging	from	its	hinges	with	a	deep	sagging	ennui	that	suggested	it	had	been	doing	so
for	 a	 very	 long	 time.	 A	 leafy	 climber	 with	 trumpeting	 purple	 flowers	 had	 tied	 itself	 in
comprehensive	knots	around	the	posts,	and	Sadie	had	to	climb	through	a	gap	between	the
pieces	of	bowing	wood.	Ash,	reassured	by	this	sign	his	mistress	was	following,	let	out	a
rousing	bark	and	picked	up	speed,	disappearing	towards	the	horizon.
Grass	 brushed	 Sadie’s	 bare	 knees,	 making	 them	 itch	 where	 her	 sweat	 had	 dried.
Something	 niggled	 about	 this	 place.	 An	 odd	 feeling	 had	 come	 over	 her	 since	 she’d
climbed	 through	 the	 gate,	 an	 inexplicable	 sense	 of	 things	 being	 not	 quite	 right.	 Sadie
didn’t	 go	 in	 for	 presentiments—there	 was	 no	 need	 for	 a	 sixth	 sense	 when	 the	 other	 five
were	being	properly	employed—and	sure	enough,	there	was	a	rational	explanation	for	the
oddness.	Sadie	had	been	walking	for	ten	minutes	or	so	when	she	realized	what	it	was.	The
field	was	empty.	Not	of	trees	and	grass	and	birds,	they	were	everywhere;	it	was	all	the	rest
that	was	missing.	There	were	no	tractors	puttering	over	the	fields,	no	farmers	out	mending
fences,	no	animals	grazing.	In	this	part	of	the	world	that	was	unusual.
Sadie	 glanced	 around,	 searching	 for	 something	 to	 prove	 her	 wrong.	 She	 could	 hear
running	water	not	too	far	away,	and	a	bird	that	might	have	been	a	raven	was	watching	her
from	the	branch	of	a	nearby	willow.	She	noted	great	stretches	of	long	rustling	grass	and
the	occasional	gnarled	tree,	but	nothing	human	as	far	as	the	eye	could	see.
A	 black	 gleam	 moved	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 her	 vision	 and	 Sadie	 flinched.	 The	 bird	 had
launched	 itself	 from	 its	 perch	 and	 was	 cutting	 through	 the	 air	 in	 her	 direction.	 Sadie
shifted	sideways	to	avoid	being	hit,	and	as	she	did,	her	foot	caught	on	something.	She	fell

onto	 her	 hands	 and	 knees	 in	 a	 stretch	 of	 boggy	 mud	 beneath	 the	 massive	 willow.	 She
glanced	back	accusingly	and	saw	a	mildewed	piece	of	rope	hooked	over	her	left	foot.
Rope.
Instinct,	experience	perhaps—a	grisly	mélange	of	crime	scenes	from	old	investigations
—made	her	look	up.	There,	tied	around	the	tree’s	thickest	bough,	visible	only	as	a	nobbled
ridge	beneath	the	bark,	was	the	rope’s	frayed	other	end.	There	was	another	matching	one
beside	 it,	 dangling	 towards	 the	 ground,	 where	 it	 trailed	 a	 damp	 plank	 of	 disintegrating
wood.	Not	a	noose,	then,	but	a	swing.
Sadie	stood	up,	brushed	off	her	muddied	knees,	and	paced	a	slow	circumference	around
the	 dangling	 rope.	 There	 was	 something	 mildly	 unsettling	 about	 the	 tattered	 remnant	 of
childish	activity	in	this	lonely	place,	but	before	she	could	give	it	further	thought,	Ash	was
off	again,	his	brief	concern	for	Sadie	replaced	by	the	urgent	need	to	find	his	brother.
With	a	last	glance	at	the	ropes,	Sadie	followed.	This	time,	however,	she	began	to	notice
things	she’d	missed	before.	A	strip	of	unruly	yew	trees	ahead	now	represented	itself	as	a
hedge,	neglected	and	wild	but	a	hedge	nonetheless;	on	the	northern	horizon	between	two
dense	 clumps	 of	 wildflowers,	 she	 could	 make	 out	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 the	 span	 of	 a
bridge;	 the	 broken	 gate	 she’d	 climbed	 through	 no	 longer	 seemed	 a	 rudimentary	 division
between	two	natural	spaces	but	an	overrun	border	between	civilization	and	the	wilderness.
Which	meant	this	plot	of	land	she	traversed	wasn’t	an	uncultivated	field	but	a	garden.	At
least,	it	had	been	once.
A	 howl	 came	 from	 the	 other	 side	 of	 the	 yew	 hedge	 and	 Ash	 answered	 loudly	 before
disappearing	through	a	gap	in	the	greenery.	Sadie	did	the	same,	but	stopped	abruptly	when
she	reached	the	other	side.	An	inklike	mass	of	stagnant	water	lay	before	her,	glassy	in	the
still	 of	 the	 dense	 clearing.	 Willows	 made	 a	 ring	 around	 the	 water’s	 edge,	 and	 from	 its
center	there	rose	a	great	muddy	mound,	an	island	of	sorts.	There	were	ducks	everywhere,
coots	 and	 moorhens,	 too,	 and	 the	 smell	 was	 rich	 and	 grubbily	 fertile.	 The	 feeling	 was
uncanny,	of	avian	eyes	watching,	dark	and	shiny.
Ramsay	howled	again,	and	Sadie	followed	his	call	around	the	lake’s	wet	bank,	decades
of	duck	mess	making	it	slimy	underfoot.	It	was	slippery	and	she	went	carefully	beneath
the	trees.	Ash	was	barking	now,	too,	standing	on	the	far	side	of	the	lake	on	a	wooden	jetty,
his	nose	raised	skywards	as	he	sounded	the	alarm.
Sadie	brushed	aside	the	weeping	fingers	of	a	willow,	leaning	to	avoid	a	peculiar	glass
dome	hanging	from	a	rusted	length	of	chain.	She	passed	another	four	orbs	along	the	way,
all	similarly	clouded	with	dirt,	their	insides	layered	with	generations	of	spiderwebs.	She
ran	her	hand	lightly	around	the	base	of	one,	admiring	its	strange	allure,	wondering	at	its
purpose.	These	were	odd	fruit	hanging	there	amongst	the	leaves.
When	 she	 reached	 the	 jetty,	 Sadie	 saw	 that	 one	 of	 Ramsay’s	 hind	 legs	 had	 broken
through	a	hole	in	the	rotting	timber.	He	was	panicking,	and	she	picked	her	way	quickly	but
carefully	 across	 the	 planks.	 She	 knelt,	 stroking	 his	 ears	 to	 calm	 him	 as	 she	 established
there	 was	 no	 serious	 injury	 and	 considered	 the	 best	 way	 to	 get	 him	 out.	 In	 the	 end	 she
could	think	of	nothing	better	than	to	hold	him	in	a	clinch	and	heave.	Ramsay	was	less	than
grateful,	 scrabbling	 his	 claws	 against	 the	 decking,	 barking	 with	 pained	 indignation.	 “I
know,	I	know,”	muttered	Sadie.	“Some	of	us	just	aren’t	very	good	at	being	helped.”

Finally	she	managed	to	extricate	him,	collapsing	on	her	back	to	catch	her	breath	as	the
dog,	 ruffled	 but	 evidently	 unhurt,	 leapt	 clear	 of	 the	 jetty.	 Sadie	 closed	 her	 eyes	 and
laughed	 when	 Ash	 gave	 her	 neck	 an	 appreciative	 lick.	 A	 small	 voice	 warned	 that	 the
boards	might	collapse	at	any	moment	but	she	was	too	exhausted	to	pay	it	any	heed.
The	sun	had	risen	now,	high	in	the	sky,	and	its	warmth	on	her	face	was	godly.	Sadie	had
never	been	the	meditating	type,	but	in	this	moment	she	understood	what	people	were	on
about.	A	sigh	of	contentment	escaped	her	lips,	even	though	contented	was	the	last	word
she’d	have	chosen	to	describe	herself	of	late.	She	could	hear	her	own	breaths,	her	pulse
pumping	beneath	the	thin	skin	of	her	temple,	as	loudly	as	if	she	held	a	conch	shell	to	her
ear	to	eavesdrop	on	the	ocean.
Without	 sight	 to	 get	 in	 the	 way	 of	 things,	 the	 whole	 world	 was	 suddenly	 alive	 with
sound:	 the	 lapping	 of	 water	 as	 it	 washed	 around	 the	 posts	 below	 her,	 the	 splashing	 and
skimming	 of	 ducks	 as	 they	 landed	 on	 the	 lake’s	 surface,	 the	 wooden	 planks	 stretching
beneath	 the	 sun’s	 glare.	 As	 she	 listened,	 Sadie	 became	 aware	 of	 a	 thick	 blanketing	 hum
behind	it	all,	like	hundreds	of	tiny	motors	whirring	at	once.	It	was	a	sound	synonymous
with	 summer,	 difficult	 to	 place	 at	 first,	 but	 then	 she	 realized.	 Insects,	 a	 hell	 of	 a	 lot	 of
insects.
Sadie	 sat	 up,	 blinking	 into	 the	 brightness.	 The	 world	 was	 briefly	 white	 before
everything	 righted	 itself.	 Lily	 pads	 glistened,	 heart-shaped	 tiles	 on	 the	 water’s	 surface,
flowers	 reaching	 for	 the	 sky	 like	 pretty,	 grasping	 hands.	 The	 air	 surrounding	 them	 was
filled	with	hundreds	of	small	winged	creatures.	She	scrambled	to	her	feet	and	was	about	to
call	for	the	dogs	when	something	on	the	other	side	of	the	lake	caught	her	attention.
In	the	middle	of	a	sunlit	clearing	stood	a	house.	A	brick	house	with	twin	gables	and	a
front	door	tucked	beneath	a	portico.	Multiple	chimneys	rose	from	the	tiled	roof	and	three
levels	 of	 leadlight	 windows	 winked	 conspiratorially	 in	 the	 sun.	 A	 climber,	 green-leafed
and	voracious,	clung	to	the	brick	face	of	the	building	and	small	birds	flew	busily	in	and
out	 of	 the	 fretwork	 of	 tendrils,	 creating	 an	 effect	 of	 constant	 movement.	 Sadie	 whistled
under	her	breath.	“What’s	a	grand	old	lady	like	you	doing	in	a	place	like	this?”	She’d	only
spoken	quietly,	but	her	voice	was	foreign	and	unwelcome,	her	humor	forced,	an	intrusion
on	the	profound	natural	exuberance	of	the	garden.
Sadie	started	around	the	lake	towards	the	house;	its	pull	was	magnetic.	The	ducks	and
wild	 birds	 ignored	 her,	 their	 obliviousness	 combining	 somehow	 with	 the	 warmth	 of	 the
day,	the	moist	humidity	of	the	lake,	to	feed	the	atmosphere	of	cloying	enclosure.
There	was	a	path,	she	noted	as	she	reached	the	other	side,	mostly	grown	over	due	to
encroaching	hawthorn,	but	leading	all	the	way	to	the	front	door.	She	scuffed	the	toe	of	her
running	shoe	against	the	surface.	Stone.	Probably	pale	pinkish-brown	once,	like	the	rest	of
the	local	stone	in	the	village	buildings,	but	time	and	neglect	had	tarred	it	black.
The	house,	she	saw	as	she	drew	nearer,	had	been	as	thoroughly	forgotten	as	the	garden.
Tiles	were	missing	from	the	roof,	some	of	them	lying	shattered	where	they’d	fallen,	and
one	of	the	windowpanes	on	the	top	floor	was	broken.	The	remaining	glass	wore	a	thick
render	 of	 bird	 droppings,	 and	 white	 stalactites	 drooped	 from	 the	 sill,	 spilling	 onto	 the
glossy	leaves	below.

As	if	to	lay	claim	to	the	impressive	clumps,	a	small	bird	launched	itself	from	behind	the
broken	glass,	diving	in	a	direct	line	before	correcting	to	swoop	fast	and	close	by	Sadie’s
ear.	 She	 flinched	 but	 stood	 her	 ground.	 They	 were	 everywhere,	 those	 little	 birds	 she’d
glimpsed	from	the	lake,	darting	in	and	out	of	the	creeper’s	dark	spaces	and	calling	to	one
another	 in	 urgent	 chirrups.	 Not	 just	 birds,	 either;	 the	 foliage	 teemed	 with	 insects	 of	 all
descriptions—butterflies,	 bees,	 and	 others	 she	 couldn’t	 name—giving	 the	 building	 an
appearance	of	constant	animation	at	odds	with	its	dilapidated	state.
It	 was	 tempting	 to	 assume	 the	 house	 was	 empty,	 but	 Sadie	 had	 been	 sent	 on	 call	 to
enough	homes	of	the	elderly	to	know	that	the	appearance	of	abandonment	often	presaged
a	sorry	story	inside.	A	dull	brass	knocker	shaped	like	a	fox’s	head	hung	lopsided	from	the
chipped	 wooden	 door	 and	 she	 lifted	 a	 hand	 towards	 it	 before	 lowering	 it	 again.	 What
would	 she	 say	 if	 someone	 answered?	 Sadie	 flexed	 her	 fingers	 one	 by	 one,	 considering.
There	was	no	reason	she	should	be	here	today.	No	excuse	she	could	give.	A	trespassing
charge	 was	 the	 last	 thing	 she	 needed.	 But	 even	 as	 she	 thought	 it,	 Sadie	 knew	 she	 was
speculating	 unnecessarily.	 The	 house	 before	 her	 was	 deserted.	 It	 was	 hard	 to	 put	 into
words,	but	there	was	a	look	about	it,	an	aura	it	gave	off.	She	just	knew.
A	 panel	 of	 decorative	 glass	 had	 been	 set	 above	 the	 door:	 four	 figures	 in	 long	 robes,
each	depicted	against	a	background	representing	a	different	season.	It	wasn’t	a	religious
picture,	as	far	as	Sadie	could	tell,	but	the	effect	was	similar.	There	was	an	earnestness	to
the	design—a	reverence,	she	supposed—that	made	her	think	of	the	stained-glass	windows
in	 churches.	 Sadie	 maneuvered	 a	 large	 dirty	 planter	 closer	 to	 the	 door	 and	 climbed
gingerly	onto	the	rim.
Through	a	largish	piece	of	clear	glass,	she	glimpsed	an	entrance	hall	with	an	oval	table
at	its	center.	A	vase	stood	on	the	tabletop,	a	bulb-shaped	china	jug	with	flowers	painted	on
its	 side	 and—she	 squinted—a	 faint	 gold	 pattern	 snaking	 up	 the	 handle.	 A	 few	 thin
branches	 of	 something	 brittle,	 willow	 perhaps,	 were	 arranged	 haphazardly	 within	 and
there	were	dry	leaves	scattered	beneath.	A	chandelier—crystal,	glass,	something	fancy—
was	suspended	from	a	plaster	rose	on	the	ceiling	and	a	wide	flight	of	stairs	with	worn	red
carpet	curled	upwards	and	away	at	the	back	of	the	hall.	There	was	a	round	mirror	on	the
wall	to	the	left,	hanging	by	a	closed	door.
Sadie	jumped	off	the	planter.	A	knotted	garden	ran	along	the	front	of	the	house	beside
the	portico	and	she	clambered	through	it,	prickles	catching	her	T-shirt	as	she	picked	a	path
through	 the	 brambles.	 There	 was	 a	 strong	 but	 not	 unpleasant	 smell—moist	 earth,
decomposing	 leaf	 matter,	 new	 flowers	 beginning	 to	 catch	 the	 day’s	 sun—and	 great	 fat
bumblebees	were	busy	already	collecting	pollen	from	a	profusion	of	small	pink	and	white
blooms.	Blackberries:	Sadie	surprised	herself	by	dredging	up	the	knowledge.	They	were
blackberry	flowers,	and	in	a	few	months’	time	the	bushes	would	be	heavy	with	fruit.
When	she	reached	the	window,	Sadie	noticed	that	something	had	been	etched	into	the
wooden	frame,	some	letters,	an	A,	maybe	an	E,	crudely	carved	and	dark	green	with	mold.
She	 traced	 her	 fingers	 along	 the	 deep	 grooves,	 wondering	 idly	 who	 had	 made	 them.	 A
curled	piece	of	iron	jutted	out	from	amid	the	thick	overgrowth	beneath	the	sill	and	Sadie
pulled	 the	 branches	 aside	 to	 discover	 the	 rusted	 remnants	 of	 a	 garden	 seat.	 She	 glanced
over	her	shoulder	at	the	jungle	she’d	just	traversed.	Difficult	to	imagine	that	a	person	had

once	been	able	to	sit	here	comfortably,	looking	out	over	what	must	then	have	been	a	wellkept	garden.
That	strange,	almost	ominous,	feeling	was	there	again,	but	Sadie	shook	it	off.	She	dealt
in	facts,	not	feelings,	and	after	recent	events,	it	was	as	well	to	remind	herself	of	that.	She
steepled	her	hands	against	a	glass	pane	and	pressed	her	face	to	them,	peering	through	the
window.
The	room	was	dim,	but	as	her	eyes	adjusted,	certain	objects	began	to	stand	out	from	the
gloom:	 a	 grand	 piano	 in	 the	 corner	 by	 the	 door,	 a	 sofa	 in	 the	 center	 with	 a	 pair	 of
armchairs	 turned	 to	 face	 it,	 a	 fireplace	 in	 the	 far	 wall.	 Sadie	 experienced	 the	 familiar,
agreeable	 sensation	 of	 opening	 the	 lid	 on	 someone	 else’s	 life.	 She	 considered	 such
moments	a	perk	of	her	job,	even	if	she	often	saw	ugly	things;	she’d	always	been	fascinated
by	the	way	other	people	lived.	And	although	this	wasn’t	a	crime	scene	and	she	wasn’t	a
detective	on	duty,	Sadie	automatically	started	making	mental	notes.
The	 walls	 were	 papered	 in	 a	 faded	 floral	 design,	 grayish-mauve,	 and	 covered	 with
shelves	that	sagged	beneath	the	weight	of	a	thousand	books.	A	large	painted	portrait	stood
sentinel	 above	 the	 fireplace,	 a	 woman	 with	 a	 fine	 nose	 and	 a	 secretive	 smile.	 A	 pair	 of
French	doors	bordered	by	thick	damask	curtains	were	set	in	the	adjacent	wall.	Presumably
the	doors	had	led	once	to	a	side	garden,	and	sun	had	spilled	through	the	glass	on	mornings
like	 this	 to	 cast	 warm,	 bright	 squares	 on	 the	 carpet	 floor.	 But	 not	 anymore.	 A	 tenacious
weave	of	ivy	made	sure	of	that,	clinging	to	the	glass	and	letting	in	only	the	merest	specks
of	 light.	 Beside	 the	 doors	 stood	 a	 narrow	 wooden	 table	 on	 which	 a	 photograph	 was
displayed	 in	 a	 fancy	 frame.	 It	 was	 too	 dark	 to	 see	 the	 subject,	 and	 even	 if	 the	 light	 had
been	better,	an	old-fashioned	teacup	and	saucer	blocked	Sadie’s	view.
She	 sucked	 in	 her	 lips,	 considering.	 In	 some	 ways—the	 open	 piano	 lid,	 the	 sofa
cushions	askew,	the	teacup	on	the	table—the	room	gave	the	impression	that	whoever	had
been	there	last	had	only	just	left	and	would	be	back	any	minute;	yet	at	the	same	time	there
was	an	eerie,	somehow	permanent,	stillness	about	the	world	on	the	other	side	of	the	glass.
The	room	seemed	frozen,	its	contents	suspended,	as	if	even	the	air,	that	most	relentless	of
all	elements,	had	been	shut	outside,	as	if	it	would	be	difficult	to	breathe	inside.	There	was
something	else,	too.	Something	that	suggested	the	room	had	been	that	way	for	a	long	time.
Sadie	had	thought	at	first	it	was	her	straining	eyes,	before	she	realized	that	the	room’s	dull
glaze	was	actually	caused	by	a	thick	layer	of	dust.
She	 could	 see	 it	 clearly	 now	 on	 the	 desk	 beneath	 the	 window,	 where	 a	 shaft	 of	 light
revealed	 a	 coating	 over	 every	 object:	 the	 inkwell,	 the	 lampshade,	 and	 the	 collection	 of
open	books	spread	haphazardly	between	them.	A	sheet	of	paper	on	top	of	the	pile	caught
Sadie’s	eye,	the	sketch	of	a	child’s	face,	a	beautiful	face	with	large	serious	eyes	and	soft
lips	and	hair	that	fell	either	side	of	small	ears	so	that	he	(or	she;	it	was	hard	to	tell)	looked
more	 like	 a	 garden	 pixie	 than	 a	 real	 child.	 The	 drawing	 was	 smudged	 in	 places,	 she
noticed,	the	black	ink	smeared,	the	strong	lines	blurred,	and	something	had	been	written	in
the	bottom	corner,	a	signature	and	a	date:	June	23,	1933.
Loud	 noise	 and	 a	 barreling	 movement	 behind	 her	 made	 Sadie	 start,	 bumping	 her
forehead	on	the	glass.	Two	black,	panting	dogs	burst	through	the	brambles	to	sniff	at	her
feet.	 “You	 want	 your	 breakfast,”	 she	 said	 as	 a	 cold	 wet	 nose	 prodded	 her	 palm.	 Sadie’s

own	stomach	took	up	the	suggestion,	letting	out	a	low	grumble.	“Come	on	then,”	she	said,
stepping	back	from	the	window.	“Let’s	get	you	home.”
Sadie	 took	 one	 last	 look	 at	 the	 house	 before	 following	 the	 dogs	 back	 through	 the
overgrown	yew	hedge.	The	climbing	sun	had	slipped	behind	a	cloud	and	the	windows	no
longer	glinted	at	the	lake.	The	building	had	taken	on	a	sullen	cast,	like	a	spoiled	child	who
enjoyed	being	the	center	of	attention	and	now	wasn’t	happy	being	ignored.	Even	the	birds
were	 more	 brazen	 than	 before,	 criss-crossing	 the	 hazy	 clearing	 with	 calls	 that	 sounded
eerily	 like	 laughter,	 and	 the	 insect	 choir	 was	 growing	 louder	 with	 the	 day’s	 expanding
heat.
The	 lake’s	 flat	 surface	 glistened	 in	 a	 secretive,	 slatey	 way,	 and	 Sadie	 suddenly	 felt
every	 bit	 the	 intruder	 she	 was.	 It	 was	 hard	 to	 say	 what	 made	 her	 so	 certain,	 but	 as	 she
turned	to	leave,	ducked	through	the	hole	in	the	yew,	and	started	chasing	the	dogs	home,
she	 knew,	 in	 that	 twist-of-the-gut	 way	 a	 police	 detective	 had	 better	 hope	 she	 developed,
that	something	terrible	had	happened	in	that	house.

4
CORNWALL,	OCTOBER	1932

The	girls	were	laughing,	and	of	course	they	all	whooped	with	glee	when	it	nearly	took	the
top	 off	 Mother’s	 head!	 Alice	 brought	 her	 hands	 together	 in	 excitement	 as	 Clementine
thudded	after	the	little	glider.
“Just	don’t	throw	that	thing	too	near	the	baby,”	warned	Mother,	patting	the	top	of	her
hair	to	make	sure	every	pin	was	still	in	place.
If	Clemmie	heard	the	warning	she	gave	no	sign.	She	was	running	like	her	life	depended
on	 it,	 hands	 in	 the	 air,	 skirt	 flying,	 ready	 to	 catch	 the	 plane	 if	 it	 even	 looked	 like	 crash
landing.
A	clatter	of	curious	ducks	had	waddled	up	from	the	lake	to	observe	the	commotion	and
they	scattered	now	in	a	flurry	of	feathers	and	indignant	quacks	as	the	glider,	with	Clemmie
close	behind	it,	came	skidding	to	a	halt	among	their	party.
Daddy	smiled	over	the	book	of	poetry	he’d	been	reading.	“Beautiful	landing!”	he	called
from	his	seat	by	the	old	planter.	“Just	beautiful.”
The	glider	had	been	his	idea.	He’d	seen	an	advertisement	in	a	magazine	and	sent	away
to	 America	 especially.	 It	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 a	 secret,	 but	 Alice	 had	 known	 about	 it	 for
months—she	always	knew	who	was	giving	what	to	whom	well	ahead	of	time;	she’d	seen
him	point	to	the	advertisement	one	evening	back	in	spring	and	say,	“Look	at	this.	Perfect
for	Clemmie’s	birthday,	don’t	you	think?”
Mother	had	been	less	keen,	asking	him	whether	he	really	thought	a	wooden	glider	was
the	most	appropriate	gift	for	a	twelve-year-old	girl,	but	Daddy	had	only	smiled	and	said
that	 Clementine	 wasn’t	 an	 ordinary	 twelve-year-old	 girl.	 He’d	 been	 right	 about	 that;
Clemmie	 was	 decidedly	 different—“the	 son	 we	 never	 had,”	 Daddy	 had	 been	 fond	 of
saying	before	Theo	came	along.	He’d	been	right	about	the	glider,	too;	Clemmie	had	torn
off	the	wrapping	at	the	table	after	lunch,	her	eyes	widening	as	the	gift	was	revealed,	and
then	 she’d	 actually	 squealed	 with	 delight.	 She’d	 leapt	 from	 her	 seat,	 dragging	 the
tablecloth	behind	her	in	her	rush	to	reach	the	door.
“Clemmie,	 no,”	 Mother	 had	 implored,	 reaching	 out	 to	 catch	 a	 tumbling	 vase.	 “We’re
not	finished	yet.”	And	then,	glancing	beseechingly	at	the	others,	“Oh,	let’s	not	go	outside.
I	thought	perhaps	charades	in	the	library	.	.	.”
But	it	was	rather	difficult	to	celebrate	a	birthday	party	when	the	guest	of	honor	had	fled
the	 scene,	 and	 thus,	 to	 Mother’s	 obvious	 chagrin,	 there’d	 been	 nothing	 for	 it	 but	 to
abandon	the	carefully	arranged	table	and	move	the	afternoon’s	festivities	to	the	garden.
And	 so	 here	 they	 were,	 the	 whole	 family,	 Mr.	 Llewellyn,	 Grandmother,	 and	 Nanny
Rose,	too,	spread	out	over	the	lawn	of	Loeanneth,	as	the	long	shadows	of	afternoon	began

to	spill	across	the	deep	green	grass.	The	day	was	glorious,	autumn	but	not	yet	cold.	The
clematis	was	still	blooming	on	the	wall	of	the	house,	little	birds	twittering	as	they	whipped
across	the	clearing,	and	even	baby	Theo	had	been	brought	out	in	his	Moses	basket.
A	 farmer	 was	 burning	 heather	 in	 one	 of	 the	 neighboring	 fields	 and	 the	 smell	 was
wonderful.	 It	 always	 made	 Alice	 happy,	 that	 smell,	 something	 to	 do	 with	 the	 change	 of
seasons,	and	standing	there	watching	Clemmie	tend	the	wooden	glider,	the	sun	warm	on
her	 neck,	 the	 ground	 cool	 beneath	 her	 bare	 feet,	 she	 experienced	 a	 delicious	 moment	 of
profound	well-being.
Alice	dug	into	her	pocket	and	pulled	out	her	notebook,	hurrying	to	make	a	note	of	the
sensation	and	the	day	and	the	people	in	it,	chewing	on	the	end	of	her	fountain	pen	as	her
gaze	tripped	over	the	sunlit	house,	the	willow	trees,	the	shimmering	lake,	and	the	yellow
roses	 climbing	 on	 the	 iron	 gate.	 It	 was	 like	 the	 garden	 from	 a	 storybook—it	 was	 the
garden	 from	 a	 storybook—and	 Alice	 loved	 it.	 She	 was	 never	 going	 to	 leave	 Loeanneth.
Never.	She	could	picture	herself	growing	old	here.	A	happy	old	woman,	with	long	white
hair	and	cats—yes,	certainly	a	few	cats	to	keep	her	company.	(And	Clemmie	would	visit,
but	probably	not	Deborah,	who	would	be	far	happier	in	London,	with	a	grand	house	and	a
wealthy	husband	and	a	team	of	housemaids	to	arrange	her	clothes	.	.	.	)
It	 was	 one	 of	 those	 days,	 Alice	 thought,	 as	 she	 scribbled	 happily,	 when	 everyone
seemed	to	feel	the	same	way.	Daddy	had	taken	a	break	from	his	study,	Mr.	Llewellyn	had
removed	his	formal	jacket	and	was	getting	about	in	his	shirt	and	waistcoat,	Grandmother
deShiel	looked	almost	cheerful	as	she	dozed	beneath	the	willow.	Mother	was	the	notable
exception,	but	then	she	never	liked	having	her	careful	plans	flouted,	so	a	certain	amount	of
curt	displeasure	was	only	to	be	expected.
Even	Deborah,	who	wasn’t	usually	one	for	toys,	considering	herself	far	too	grown-up
and	 ladylike,	 had	 found	 Clemmie’s	 enthusiasm	 contagious.	 The	 fact	 had	 made	 her
understandably	 cross,	 so	 she’d	 insisted	 on	 sitting	 alone	 on	 the	 garden	 seat	 beneath	 the
library	window	and	speaking,	when	she	deigned,	at	a	brusque	clip,	as	if	she	really	did	have
far	 better	 things	 to	 do	 and	 they	 were	 just	 lucky	 she’d	 decided	 to	 bless	 them	 with	 her
presence.	 “See	 if	 you	 can	 make	 it	 turn	 a	 circle,”	 she	 called	 now,	 holding	 up	 the	 box	 in
which	the	glider	had	arrived.	“It	says	here	that	if	you	get	the	rubber	bands	just	right	you
can	make	it	turn	a	loop.”
“Tea	is	ready,”	said	Mother,	her	tone	of	censure	sharpening	as	the	afternoon’s	progress
spiraled	 further	 away	 from	 that	 which	 she’d	 envisaged.	 “The	 pot’s	 fresh	 but	 it	 will	 only
get	colder.”
They’d	 had	 a	 large	 lunch	 and	 nobody	 much	 felt	 like	 tea,	 but	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 was	 a
faithful	 friend,	 fronting	 up	 as	 requested	 and	 accepting	 the	 cup	 and	 saucer	 Mother	 thrust
upon	him.
Deborah,	 by	 contrast,	 ignored	 the	 entreaty	 entirely.	 “Hurry	 up,	 Clemmie,”	 she	 said.
“Give	it	another	toss.”
Clemmie,	who	was	fastening	the	glider	inside	the	satin	sash	of	her	dress,	didn’t	answer.
She	tucked	the	hem	of	her	skirt	into	her	knickers	and	craned	her	neck	to	take	in	the	top	of
the	sycamore	tree.

“Clemmie!”	Deborah	called,	imperious	now.
“Give	me	a	boost?”	came	their	youngest	sister’s	reply.
Mother,	 though	 busy	 foisting	 cake	 on	 Mr.	 Llewellyn,	 was	 always	 alert	 for	 signs	 of
impending	trouble,	and	didn’t	drop	a	crumb	as	she	said,	“No,	Clemmie!	Absolutely	not!”
She	glanced	towards	Daddy,	seeking	agreement,	but	he	was	back	behind	his	book,	happily
ensconced	in	the	world	of	Keats.
“Let	her	go,”	soothed	Mr.	Llewellyn.	“Everything’s	all	right.”
Deborah	could	resist	the	call	of	the	afternoon	no	longer,	tossing	the	box	onto	the	seat
beside	her	and	hurrying	down	to	the	base	of	the	tree.	Nanny	Rose	was	cajoled	into	linking
arms	to	form	a	step,	and	Clemmie	hoisted	herself	up.	After	a	moment	of	scrabbling	and	a
few	false	starts,	she	disappeared	into	the	lower	boughs.
“Be	 careful,	 Clementine,”	 Mother	 admonished,	 gravitating	 towards	 the	 site	 of	 the
action.	 “Do	 be	 careful.”	 She	 hovered	 beneath	 the	 tree,	 sighing	 with	 exasperation	 as	 she
tried	to	follow	Clemmie’s	progress	through	the	thick	foliage.
At	last,	there	came	a	triumphant	whoop,	and	an	arm	appeared,	waving	from	the	top	of
the	tree.	Alice	squinted	into	the	afternoon	sun,	grinning	as	her	younger	sister	positioned
herself	 in	 the	 highest	 fork	 and	 inched	 the	 glider	 free	 from	 where	 she’d	 strapped	 it.
Clemmie	 wound	 the	 elastic	 bands	 tight,	 lifted	 her	 arm,	 making	 sure	 to	 keep	 the	 whole
thing	at	the	optimum	launch	angle,	and	then,	then,	there	came—release!
The	glider	flew	like	a	bird,	soaring	across	the	pale-blue	sky,	dipping	slightly	and	then
straightening,	until	the	air	speed	slowed	and	the	pressure	on	the	tail	lessened,	and	the	rear
part	angled	up.
“Watch!”	shouted	Clemmie.	“Watch	it	now!”
Sure	enough,	the	glider	started	to	turn	a	great	loop,	right	out	over	the	lake,	a	sight	so
spectacular	that	even	Mr.	Harris	and	the	new	gardener	stopped	what	they	were	doing	down
at	 the	 jetty	 and	 gazed	 up	 towards	 the	 sky.	 Spontaneous	 applause	 broke	 out	 as	 the	 glider
completed	its	stunt	and	continued	its	cruise,	clearing	the	water	and	landing	with	a	gentle
slide	on	the	flat	grassed	area	by	the	fountain	on	the	other	side	of	the	lake.
The	whole	world	seemed	to	have	stalled	as	the	little	plane	described	its	circle,	so	it	was
with	some	surprise	that	Alice	realized	the	baby	was	crying.	Poor	little	mite!	With	all	the
excitement,	 he	 was	 being	 quite	 ignored	 in	 his	 basket.	 Alice,	 accustomed	 to	 thinking
herself	an	observer,	glanced	around,	waiting	for	someone	to	step	in,	before	realizing	she
was	the	only	person	free	to	help.	She	was	on	the	verge	of	starting	for	Theo’s	basket	when
she	saw	Daddy	was	going	to	beat	her	to	it.
There	 were	 some	 fathers,	 or	 so	 Alice	 was	 led	 to	 believe,	 who	 would’ve	 thought	 it
outside	 their	 remit	 to	 comfort	 a	 little	 baby,	 but	 Daddy	 wasn’t	 like	 that.	 He	 was	 the	 best
father	in	the	world,	kind	and	gentle	and	really,	really	clever.	He	loved	nature	and	science,
and	was	even	writing	a	book	about	the	earth.	He’d	been	working	on	his	tome	for	over	a
decade	and	(although	she	wouldn’t	have	admitted	the	fact	out	loud)	it	was	the	only	thing
Alice	would’ve	changed	about	him	if	she	could.	She	was	glad	he	was	clever,	and	proud	of

him,	of	course,	but	he	spent	far	too	much	time	in	the	company	of	that	book.	She’d	much
rather	they	had	him	all	for	themselves.
“Alice!”
Deborah	was	calling,	and	whatever	she	wanted	to	say	must’ve	been	important	because
she’d	forgotten	to	sound	disdainful.	“Alice,	hurry	up!	Mr.	Llewellyn	is	going	to	take	us	in
the	boat!”
The	 boat!	 Ripping!	 Such	 a	 rare	 treat—it	 had	 been	 Mother’s	 as	 a	 girl	 and	 was	 thus
considered	 an	 antique	 and	 Not	 for	 Use.	 Alice	 beamed	 and	 her	 heart	 danced	 and	 the
afternoon	sunlight	was	suddenly	brighter	than	it	had	been	before.	This	really	was	turning
into	the	best	day	ever!

5
CORNWALL,	2003

“We’re	back!”	Sadie	kicked	off	her	muddy	running	shoes	in	the	small	entrance	hall	of
her	 grandfather’s	 place,	 herding	 them	 into	 line	 against	 the	 skirting	 board	 with	 her	 toes.
The	 clifftop	 cottage	 was	 thick	 with	 the	 smell	 of	 something	 warm	 and	 savory,	 and	 her
stomach,	starved	of	breakfast,	pleaded	loudly.
“Hey,	Bertie,	you’re	not	going	to	believe	what	we	found.”	She	rattled	out	a	serving	of
dog	biscuits	from	the	tub	beneath	the	coat	rack.	“Granddad?”
“In	the	kitchen,”	came	his	reply.
Sadie	gave	the	ravenous	dogs	a	final	pat	and	went	inside.
Her	 grandfather	 was	 at	 the	 round	 wooden	 dining	 table,	 but	 he	 wasn’t	 alone.	 A	 small
energetic-looking	woman	with	short	gray	hair	and	spectacles	sat	across	from	him,	a	mug
in	her	hands	and	a	joyous	smile	of	greeting	on	her	face.
“Oh,”	Sadie	said.	“Sorry.	I	didn’t	realize—”
Her	grandfather	waved	the	apology	aside.	“Kettle’s	still	hot,	Sadie,	love.	Pour	yourself
a	 cup	 and	 join	 us?	 This	 is	 Louise	 Clarke	 from	 the	 hospital,	 here	 to	 collect	 toys	 for	 the
Solstice	Festival.”	As	Sadie	smiled	hello,	he	added,	“She’s	kindly	brought	a	stew	for	our
supper.”
“It	was	the	least	I	could	do,”	said	Louise,	half	standing	to	shake	Sadie’s	hand.	She	was
wearing	faded	jeans,	and	her	T-shirt,	which	was	the	same	vibrant	green	as	the	frame	of	her
spectacles,	read:	Magic	Happens!	She	had	one	of	those	faces	that	seemed	lit	from	within,
as	if	she	were	getting	better	sleep	than	the	rest	of	the	population;	Sadie	felt	dusty,	creased
and	 scowling	 by	 comparison.	 “Beautiful	 work	 your	 grandfather	 does,	 such	 fine	 carving.
The	hospital	stall’s	going	to	be	brilliant	this	year.	We’re	incredibly	lucky	to	have	him.”
Sadie	 couldn’t	 have	 agreed	 more,	 but,	 knowing	 her	 grandfather’s	 distaste	 for	 public
praise,	 she	 didn’t	 say	 so.	 Instead,	 she	 planted	 a	 kiss	 on	 top	 of	 his	 bald	 head	 as	 she
squeezed	behind	his	chair.	“I	can	see	I’m	going	to	have	to	crack	the	whip	and	keep	him
working,”	she	said	as	she	reached	the	bench.	“That	stew	smells	amazing.”
Louise	beamed.	“It’s	my	very	own	recipe—lentils	and	love.”
There	were	any	number	of	rejoinders	to	choose	from,	but	before	Sadie	could	settle	on
one,	Bertie	had	interjected.	“Sadie’s	stopping	with	me	for	a	while,	down	from	London.”
“A	holiday,	how	lovely.	Will	you	still	be	with	us	in	a	fortnight	when	the	festival	rolls
around?”
“Maybe,”	 said	 Sadie,	 avoiding	 her	 grandfather’s	 gaze.	 She’d	 been	 less	 than	 specific
when	he	asked	about	her	plans;	“I’m	playing	it	by	ear.”

“Letting	the	universe	decide,”	Louise	said	approvingly.
“Something	like	that.”
Bertie	 raised	 his	 brows,	 but	 evidently	 thought	 better	 of	 pressing.	 He	 nodded	 at	 her
muddy	clothing.	“You’ve	been	in	the	wars.”
“You	should	see	the	other	guy.”
Louise’s	eyes	widened.
“My	 granddaughter’s	 a	 runner,”	 Bertie	 explained.	 “One	 of	 those	 curious	 people	 who
seem	 to	 enjoy	 discomfort.	 The	 weather	 this	 past	 week	 has	 given	 her	 cabin	 fever	 and	 it
seems	she’s	been	taking	it	out	on	the	local	tracks.”
Louise	 laughed.	 “It’s	 often	 like	 that	 for	 newcomers.	 The	 fogs	 can	 be	 oppressive	 for
those	that	haven’t	grown	up	with	them.”
“No	fog	today,	I’m	pleased	to	report,”	Sadie	said,	carving	a	thick	slice	of	Bertie’s	daily
sourdough.	“It’s	crystal	clear	out	there.”
“Just	 as	 well.”	 Louise	 drained	 the	 last	 of	 her	 tea.	 “I’ve	 got	 thirty-two	 dangerously
excited	 children	 back	 at	 the	 hospital	 waiting	 for	 their	 seaside	 picnic.	 Another
postponement	and	I	fear	I’d	have	had	a	mutiny	on	my	hands.”
“Here,	 I’ll	 help	 you	 with	 these,”	 said	 Bertie.	 “Don’t	 want	 to	 give	 the	 little	 inmates
cause	for	insurrection.”
While	 he	 and	 Louise	 wrapped	 tissue	 paper	 around	 the	 carved	 toys,	 packing	 them
carefully	into	a	cardboard	box,	Sadie	spread	butter	and	marmalade	on	her	bread.	She	was
impatient	 to	 tell	 Bertie	 about	 the	 house	 she’d	 found	 in	 the	 woods.	 Its	 strange,	 lonely
atmosphere	 had	 followed	 her	 home	 and	 she	 listened	 only	 vaguely	 as	 they	 picked	 up	 the
tail	end	of	a	conversation	about	a	man	on	their	committee	named	Jack.	“I’ll	go	and	visit
him,”	Bertie	was	saying,	“and	take	one	of	those	pear	cakes	he	likes,	see	if	I	can	talk	him
round.”
Sadie	glanced	through	the	kitchen	window,	beyond	her	grandfather’s	garden	and	down
over	 the	 harbor	 to	 where	 scores	 of	 fishing	 boats	 were	 bobbing	 on	 the	 velvet	 sea.	 It	 was
remarkable	 how	 quickly	 Bertie	 had	 managed	 to	 find	 a	 place	 for	 himself	 in	 this	 new
community.	Only	a	little	over	twelve	months	since	he’d	arrived	and	already	it	seemed	he’d
formed	 connections	 that	 ran	 as	 deep	 as	 if	 he’d	 been	 here	 all	 his	 life.	 Sadie	 wasn’t	 even
sure	she	could	name	all	her	neighbors	in	the	block	of	flats	she’d	lived	in	for	seven	years.
She	sat	down	at	the	table,	trying	to	remember	whether	the	man	in	the	upstairs	flat	was
Bob	or	Todd	or	Rod,	but	let	it	slip	away	unresolved	when	Bertie	said,	“Go	on	then,	Sadie,
love—tell	 us	 what	 you	 found.	 You	 look	 as	 if	 you	 fell	 down	 an	 old	 copper	 mine.”	 He
paused	in	his	wrapping.	“You	didn’t,	did	you?”
She	rolled	her	eyes	with	affectionate	impatience.	Bertie	was	a	worrier,	at	least	he	was
when	it	came	to	Sadie.	He	had	been	since	Ruth	died.
“Buried	treasure?	Are	we	rich?”
“Sadly	not.”

“Never	 know	 your	 luck	 around	 here,”	 Louise	 said,	 “what	 with	 all	 the	 smugglers’
tunnels	pitted	along	the	coast.	Did	you	run	around	the	headland?”
“The	 woods,”	 Sadie	 replied.	 She	 explained	 briefly	 about	 Ramsay,	 how	 he’d	 gone
missing	and	she	and	Ash	had	been	forced	to	leave	the	path	to	find	him.
“Sadie—”
“I	know,	Granddad,	the	woods	are	thick	and	I’m	a	city	slicker,	but	Ash	was	with	me,
and	it	was	just	as	well	we	went	looking,	because	when	we	finally	caught	up	with	Ramsay
he’d	got	himself	stuck	down	a	hole	in	an	old	jetty.”
“A	jetty?	In	the	woods?”
“Not	right	in	the	woods,	it	was	in	a	clearing,	an	estate.	The	jetty	was	by	a	lake	in	the
middle	of	the	most	incredible	overgrown	garden.	You’d	have	loved	it.	There	were	willows
and	massive	hedges	and	I	think	it	might	once	have	been	rather	spectacular.	There	was	a
house,	too.	Abandoned.”
“The	Edevane	place,”	Louise	said	quietly.	“Loeanneth.”
The	name	when	spoken	had	that	magical,	whispering	quality	of	so	many	Cornish	words
and	Sadie	couldn’t	help	but	remember	the	odd	feeling	the	insects	had	given	her,	as	if	the
house	itself	was	alive.	“Loeanneth,”	she	repeated.
“It	means	‘Lake	House.’ ”
“Yes	.	.	.”	Sadie	pictured	the	muddy	lake	and	its	eerie	avian	population.	“Yes,	that’s	it.
What	happened	there?”
“A	terrible	business,”	Louise	said,	with	a	sad	shake	of	the	head.	“Back	in	the	thirties,
before	I	was	born.	My	mother	used	to	talk	about	it,	though—usually	when	she	wanted	to
stop	us	kids	from	wandering	too	far.	A	child	went	missing	on	the	night	of	a	grand	party.	It
was	 a	 big	 story	 at	 the	 time;	 the	 family	 was	 wealthy	 and	 the	 national	 press	 paid	 a	 lot	 of
attention.	There	was	a	huge	police	investigation,	and	they	even	brought	down	the	top	brass
from	London.	Not	that	any	of	it	helped.”	She	slipped	the	last	toy	into	place	and	folded	the
box	shut.	“Poor	lad,	he	was	little	more	than	a	babe.”
“I’ve	never	heard	of	the	case.”
“Sadie’s	in	the	police,”	Bertie	explained.	“A	detective,”	he	added	with	a	lick	of	pride
that	made	her	wince.
“Well,	it	was	a	long	time	ago,	I	suppose,”	said	Louise.	“Every	decade	or	so	the	whole
thing	 rears	 its	 head	 again.	 Someone	 calls	 the	 police	 with	 a	 lead	 that	 goes	 nowhere;	 a
fellow	 comes	 out	 of	 God	 knows	 where	 to	 claim	 he’s	 the	 missing	 boy.	 Never	 makes	 it
further	than	the	local	papers,	though.”
Sadie	pictured	the	dusty	library,	the	open	books	on	the	desk,	the	sketch,	the	portrait	on
the	wall.	Personal	effects	that	must	once	have	meant	something	to	someone.	“How	did	the
house	come	to	be	abandoned?”
“The	 family	 just	 left.	 Locked	 the	 doors	 and	 went	 back	 to	 London.	 Over	 time	 people
forgot	 that	 it	 was	 there.	 It’s	 become	 our	 very	 own	 Sleeping	 Beauty	 house.	 Deep	 in	 the
woods	like	that,	it’s	not	the	sort	of	place	you	go	near	unless	you’ve	got	good	reason.	They

say	it	was	lovely	once,	a	beautiful	garden,	a	great	big	lake.	A	sort	of	paradise.	But	it	was
all	lost	when	the	little	lad	disappeared	into	thin	air.”
Bertie	 sighed	 with	 deep	 satisfaction	 and	 brought	 his	 hands	 together	 in	 a	 soft	 clap.
“Yes,”	he	said.	“Yes,	that’s	just	the	sort	of	thing	I	was	led	to	believe	I’d	find	in	Cornwall.”
Sadie	frowned,	surprised	by	her	usually	pragmatic	grandfather.	It	was	a	romantic	story,
to	be	sure,	but	her	police	instincts	quivered.	No	one	just	disappeared,	thin	air	or	otherwise.
Leaving	 Bertie’s	 reaction	 for	 another	 time,	 she	 turned	 to	 Louise.	 “The	 police
investigation	.	.	.”	she	said.	“I	take	it	there	were	suspects?”
“I	suppose	there	must’ve	been,	but	no	one	was	convicted.	It	was	a	real	mystery	from
what	 I	 can	 remember.	 No	 clear	 leads.	 There	 was	 a	 huge	 search	 for	 the	 boy,	 an	 initial
theory	that	he	might	merely	have	wandered	off,	but	no	trace	of	him	was	ever	found.”
“And	the	family	never	came	back?”
“Never.”
“They	didn’t	sell	the	house?”
“Not	as	far	as	I’m	aware.”
“Strange,”	Bertie	said,	“just	to	let	it	sit	there,	locked	and	lonely,	all	this	time.”
“I	 expect	 it	 was	 too	 sad	 for	 them,”	 Louise	 said.	 “Too	 many	 memories.	 One	 can	 only
imagine	 what	 it’s	 like	 to	 lose	 a	 child.	 All	 that	 grief,	 the	 sense	 of	 impotence.	 I	 can
understand	why	they’d	have	fled	the	scene,	decided	to	make	a	fresh	start	somewhere	else.
A	clean	break.”
Sadie	murmured	agreement.	She	didn’t	add	that	in	her	experience,	no	matter	how	hard
a	person	ran,	no	matter	how	fresh	the	start	they	gave	themselves,	the	past	had	a	way	of
reaching	across	the	years	to	catch	them.
That	evening,	in	the	room	Bertie	had	made	up	for	her	on	the	first	floor,	Sadie	took	out	the
envelope,	just	as	she	had	the	night	before	and	the	one	before	that.	She	didn’t	slip	the	letter
from	inside,	though.	There	was	no	need;	she’d	memorized	its	contents	weeks	ago.	She	ran
a	 thumb	 over	 the	 front,	 the	 message	 written	 in	 capital	 letters	 above	 the	 address:	 DO	 NOT
BEND,	PHOTOGRAPH	INSIDE.	She’d	memorized	the	picture,	too.	Proof.	Tangible	evidence	of
what	she’d	done.
The	dogs	shifted	at	the	foot	of	her	bed	and	Ramsay	whimpered	in	his	sleep.	Sadie	laid	a
hand	on	his	warm	flank	to	calm	him.	“There	now,	old	fellow,	everything’s	going	to	be	all
right.”	It	crossed	her	mind	she	was	saying	it	as	much	for	herself	as	for	him.	Fifteen	years
the	past	had	taken	to	find	her.	Fifteen	years	in	which	she’d	focused	on	moving	forwards,
determined	never	to	look	back.	Incredible,	really,	that	after	all	her	efforts	to	build	a	barrier
between	then	and	now,	it	only	took	one	letter	to	bring	it	down.	If	she	closed	her	eyes,	she
could	see	herself	so	clearly,	sixteen	years	old	and	waiting	on	the	brick	wall	out	the	front	of
her	 parents’	 neat	 semidetached.	 She	 saw	 the	 cheap	 cotton	 dress	 she’d	 been	 wearing,	 the
extra	 coat	 of	 lip	 gloss,	 her	 kohl-rimmed	 eyes.	 She	 could	 still	 remember	 applying	 it,	 the

smudgy	 stub	 of	 eye	 pencil,	 her	 reflection	 in	 the	 mirror,	 her	 desire	 to	 draw	 circles	 thick
enough	to	hide	behind.
A	 man	 and	 woman	 Sadie	 didn’t	 know—acquaintances	 of	 her	 grandparents,	 was	 all
she’d	been	told—had	come	to	collect	her.	He’d	stayed	in	the	driver’s	seat,	polishing	the
black	 steering	 wheel	 with	 a	 cloth,	 while	 she,	 all	 pearlescent	 coral	 lipstick	 and	 bustling
efficiency,	 had	 climbed	 out	 of	 the	 passenger	 seat	 and	 trotted	 around	 to	 the	 curb.
“Morning,”	 she’d	 called,	 with	 the	 strident	 cheer	 of	 someone	 who	 knew	 she	 was	 being
helpful	and	rather	liked	herself	for	it.	“You	must	be	Sadie.”
Sadie	 had	 been	 sitting	 there	 all	 morning,	 having	 decided	 there	 was	 no	 point	 staying
inside	the	empty	house	and	being	unable	to	think	of	anywhere	else	she’d	rather	go.	When
the	henna-haired	social	worker	first	gave	her	the	details	of	when	and	where	to	wait,	she’d
considered	not	turning	up,	but	only	for	a	minute;	Sadie	knew	this	was	the	best	option	she
had.	She	might	have	been	foolish—her	parents	never	tired	of	telling	her	she	was—but	she
wasn’t	stupid.
“Sadie	Sparrow?”	the	woman	persisted,	a	thin	lace	of	perspiration	on	the	blond	hairs
above	her	top	lip.
Sadie	 didn’t	 answer;	 her	 compliance	 had	 limits.	 She	 tightened	 her	 mouth	 instead	 and
pretended	great	interest	in	a	flock	of	starlings	soaring	through	the	sky.
The	 woman,	 for	 her	 part,	 remained	 splendidly	 undeterred.	 “I’m	 Mrs.	 Gardiner,	 and
that’s	Mr.	Gardiner	up	front.	Your	grandma	Ruth	asked	us	to	collect	you,	seeing	as	neither
she	nor	your	granddad	drive,	and	we	were	only	too	happy	to	help.	We’re	neighbors,	and	as
it	 happens	 we	 spend	 quite	 a	 bit	 of	 time	 out	 this	 way.”	 When	 Sadie	 said	 nothing,	 she
nodded	her	lacquered	hairdo	in	the	direction	of	the	British	Airways	bag	Sadie’s	father	had
brought	back	from	his	business	trip	to	Frankfurt	the	year	before.	“That’s	everything	then?”
Sadie	tightened	her	grip	on	the	bag’s	handles	and	dragged	it	across	the	concrete	until	it
touched	her	thigh.
“A	light	traveler.	Mr.	Gardiner	will	be	impressed.”	The	woman	swatted	at	a	fly	by	the
end	of	her	nose	and	Sadie	thought	of	Peter	Rabbit.	Of	all	the	things	to	enter	her	head	as
she	 left	 home	 for	 good,	 a	 nursery-book	 character.	 It	 would	 have	 been	 funny	 except	 that
right	then	Sadie	couldn’t	imagine	anything	being	funny	ever	again.
She	hadn’t	wanted	to	do	something	as	wet	as	turning	back	to	look	at	the	house	she’d
lived	in	all	her	life,	but	as	Mr.	Gardiner	steered	the	great	vehicle	away	from	the	curb,	her
faithless	 gaze	 flickered	 sideways.	 There	 was	 no	 one	 home	 and	 there	 was	 nothing	 to	 see
that	hadn’t	been	seen	a	thousand	times	before.	At	the	window	next	door,	a	sheer	curtain
twitched	 and	 then	 fell,	 an	 official	 signal	 that	 the	 brief	 rupture	 of	 Sadie’s	 exit	 had	 ended
and	the	sameness	of	suburban	life	was	free	to	continue	its	flow.	Mr.	Gardiner’s	car	turned
at	the	end	of	the	street	and	they	started	west	towards	London,	and	Sadie’s	own	fresh	start
at	the	home	of	the	grandparents	she	hardly	knew,	who’d	agreed	to	take	her	in	when	she
had	nowhere	else	to	go.
A	 number	 of	 soft	 thuds	 came	 from	 overhead	 and	 Sadie	 let	 go	 of	 the	 memory,	 blinking
herself	 back	 into	 the	 dimly	 lit,	 whitewashed	 bedroom	 with	 its	 sloping	 ceiling	 and	 the

dormer	 window	 overlooking	 the	 vast,	 dark	 ocean.	 A	 single	 picture	 was	 hanging	 on	 the
wall,	 the	 same	 framed	 print	 Ruth	 had	 put	 above	 Sadie’s	 bed	 in	 London,	 of	 a	 stormwhipped	 sea	 and	 an	 enormous	 wave	 threatening	 to	 engulf	 three	 tiny	 fishing	 boats.	 “We
bought	it	on	our	honeymoon,”	she’d	told	Sadie	one	night.	“I	loved	it	at	once,	the	tension
of	that	great	wave	caught	on	the	verge	of	its	inevitable	collapse.	The	brave,	experienced
fishermen,	 heads	 bowed,	 holding	 on	 for	 dear	 life.”	 Sadie	 had	 glimpsed	 the	 thread	 of
advice;	Ruth	hadn’t	needed	to	spell	it	out.
Another	thud.	Bertie	was	in	the	attic	again.
Sadie	 had	 discerned	 a	 pattern	 in	 the	 week	 she’d	 been	 staying	 at	 Seaview	 Cottage.
While	her	grandfather’s	days	were	busy,	filled	with	his	new	life	and	friends,	his	garden,
and	 endless	 preparations	 for	 the	 upcoming	 festival,	 nights	 were	 a	 different	 story.
Sometime	after	dinner	each	evening,	Bertie	would	take	himself	up	the	rickety	ladder	under
the	 guise	 of	 searching	 for	 a	 particular	 saucepan/whisk/cookbook	 he	 suddenly	 needed.
There’d	be	an	initial	series	of	bumps	as	he	rummaged	about	in	the	moving	boxes,	and	then
the	spaces	between	would	lengthen	and	the	sweet,	cloying	smell	of	pipe	smoke	would	drift
down	through	the	gaps	in	the	floorboards.
She	 knew	 what	 he	 was	 really	 doing.	 Some	 of	 Ruth’s	 clothing	 he’d	 already	 given	 to
Oxfam,	but	there	was	still	a	large	number	of	boxes	full	of	things	he	couldn’t	bear	to	part
with.	 They	 were	 the	 collections	 of	 a	 lifetime	 and	 he	 their	 curator.	 “They’ll	 keep	 for
another	 day,”	 he’d	 said	 quickly	 when	 Sadie	 offered	 to	 help	 him	 sort	 through	 them.	 And
then,	as	if	regretting	the	sharpish	tone,	“They’re	doing	no	harm.	I	like	to	think	there’s	so
much	of	her	here,	under	this	roof.”
It	had	been	a	surprise	when	her	grandfather	told	her	he’d	sold	up	and	was	moving	to
Cornwall.	He	and	Ruth	had	lived	in	the	one	home	all	their	married	life,	a	home	Sadie	had
loved,	that	had	been	a	haven	for	her.	She	had	presumed	he’d	stay	forever,	loath	to	leave
the	 place	 where	 happy	 memories	 moved	 like	 old	 projector	 images	 in	 the	 dusty	 corners.
Then	 again,	 Sadie	 had	 never	 loved	 another	 person	 with	 the	 sort	 of	 devotion	 shared	 by
Bertie	and	Ruth,	so	what	would	she	know?	It	turned	out	the	move	was	something	they’d
talked	about	doing	together	for	years.	A	customer	had	put	the	idea	in	Bertie’s	head	when
he	 was	 still	 a	 boy,	 telling	 him	 stories	 about	 the	 fine	 weather	 in	 the	 west,	 the	 glorious
gardens,	the	salt	and	the	sea	and	the	rich	folklore.	“The	time	just	never	came,”	he’d	told
Sadie	sadly	some	weeks	after	the	funeral.	“You	always	presume	there’s	time	ahead,	until
one	day	you	realize	there	isn’t.”	When	Sadie	had	asked	him	whether	he’d	miss	London,
he’d	shrugged	and	said	that	of	course	he	would,	it	was	his	home,	the	place	he’d	been	born
and	 grown	 up,	 where	 he’d	 met	 his	 wife	 and	 raised	 his	 family.	 “But	 it’s	 the	 past,	 Sadie,
love;	I’ll	carry	that	with	me	wherever	I	go.	Doing	something	new,	though,	something	that
Ruth	and	I	talked	about—in	some	way	it	feels	like	I’m	giving	her	a	future,	too.”
Sadie	 was	 aware,	 suddenly,	 of	 footfalls	 on	 the	 landing,	 a	 knock	 at	 the	 door.	 Quickly,
she	hid	the	envelope	behind	her	pillow.	“Come	in.”
The	door	opened	and	Bertie	was	there,	cake	tin	in	hand.
She	smiled	too	broadly,	her	heart	racing	as	if	she	were	guilty	of	an	indiscretion.	“Found
what	you	were	looking	for?”

“The	 very	 thing.	 I’m	 going	 to	 bake	 tomorrow,	 one	 of	 my	 signature	 pear	 cakes.”	 He
frowned	lightly.	“Though	it	occurs	to	me	I	haven’t	any	pears.”
“I’m	no	expert,	but	I’m	guessing	that	could	be	a	problem.”
“I	don’t	suppose	you’d	pick	some	up	for	me	in	the	village	tomorrow	morning?”
“Well,	I’ll	have	to	check	my	diary	.	.	.”
Bertie	laughed.	“Thanks,	Sadie,	love.”
He	lingered	in	such	a	way	that	Sadie	knew	he	had	more	to	say.	Sure	enough:	“I	found
something	else	while	I	was	up	there.”	He	reached	inside	the	tin	and	took	out	a	dog-eared
book,	holding	it	up	so	she	could	see	the	cover.	“Good	as	new,	eh?”
Sadie	recognized	it	at	once.	It	was	like	opening	the	door	unexpectedly	to	an	old	friend,
the	sort	who’d	been	along	for	the	ride	during	an	especially	difficult	and	bruising	period.
She	couldn’t	believe	Bertie	and	Ruth	had	kept	it.	Hard	to	imagine	now,	the	prominence	the
book	 of	 brainteasers	 had	 had	 in	 her	 life	 back	 then,	 when	 she’d	 first	 come	 to	 live	 with
them.	She’d	cloistered	herself	away	in	the	spare	bedroom	at	her	grandparents’	house,	the
little	 room	 above	 the	 shop	 that	 Ruth	 had	 done	 up	 specially	 for	 her,	 and	 she’d	 worked
through	 the	 whole	 thing,	 page	 by	 page,	 front	 to	 back,	 her	 commitment	 verging	 on	 the
religious.
“Got	them	all	out,	didn’t	you?”	Bertie	said.	“Every	puzzle.”
Sadie	was	touched	by	the	pride	in	his	voice.	“I	did.”
“Didn’t	even	need	to	look	at	the	answers.”
“Certainly	 not.”	 She	 eyed	 the	 rough	 edges	 at	 the	 back	 where	 she’d	 torn	 out	 the
solutions	 so	 she	 wouldn’t,	 couldn’t,	 be	 tempted.	 It	 had	 been	 very	 important	 to	 her,	 that.
Her	 answers	 must	 be	 her	 own,	 her	 achievements	 clean	 and	 absolute,	 above	 suspicion.
She’d	been	trying	to	prove	something,	of	course.	That	she	wasn’t	stupid	or	hopeless	or	“a
bad	 egg,”	 no	 matter	 what	 her	 parents	 might	 think.	 That	 problems,	 no	 matter	 how	 big,
could	be	solved;	that	a	great	wave	could	crash	and	the	fishermen	survive.	“Ruth	bought	it
for	me.”
“That	she	did.”
It	had	been	the	perfect	gift	at	the	perfect	time,	though	Sadie	suspected	she’d	been	less
than	 grateful.	 She	 couldn’t	 remember	 what	 she’d	 said	 when	 her	 grandmother	 gave	 it	 to
her.	Probably	nothing;	she	hadn’t	been	particularly	communicative	back	then.	A	sixteenyear-old	 knot	 of	 insolence	 and	 monosyllabic	 disdain	 for	 everyone	 and	 everything,
including	 (especially)	 these	 unknown	 relatives	 who’d	 swept	 in	 to	 rescue	 her.	 “I	 wonder
how	she	knew?”
“She	was	good	like	that,	kind	and	clever.	She	saw	people,	even	when	they	did	their	best
to	hide.”	Bertie	smiled	and	they	both	pretended	talk	of	Ruth	hadn’t	made	his	eyes	glisten.
He	 put	 the	 puzzle	 book	 on	 the	 bedside	 table.	 “Might	 have	 to	 get	 yourself	 another	 one
while	you’re	down	here.	Maybe	even	a	novel	to	read.	That’s	the	sort	of	thing	people	do
when	they’re	on	holiday.”
“Is	it?”

“So	I	hear.”
“Perhaps	I	will,	then.”
He	lifted	a	single	brow.	He	was	curious	about	her	visit,	but	he	knew	her	well	enough
not	to	force	the	matter.	“Well,”	he	said	instead,	“time	for	me	to	turn	in.	Nothing	like	the
sea	air,	eh?”
Sadie	 agreed	 and	 wished	 him	 a	 good	 night’s	 sleep,	 but	 when	 the	 door	 closed	 behind
him	she	noticed	his	footsteps	went	back	up	towards	the	attic	rather	than	across	the	hall	to
bed.
As	pipe	smoke	drifted	through	the	floorboards	and	the	dogs	dreamed	fitfully	beside	her
and	her	grandfather	confronted	his	own	past	upstairs,	Sadie	glanced	through	the	book.	Just
a	humble	collection	of	brainteasers,	nothing	fancy,	and	yet	it	had	saved	her	life.	She	hadn’t
known	 she	 was	 smart	 until	 her	 grandmother	 gave	 her	 that	 book.	 She	 hadn’t	 known	 she
was	good	at	puzzles,	or	that	their	solution	would	deliver	her	the	kind	of	high	other	kids	got
from	skipping	school.	But	it	turned	out	she	was,	and	it	did,	and	so	a	door	was	opened	and
her	 life	 was	 set	 upon	 a	 path	 she’d	 never	 imagined.	 She	 grew	 up	 and	 away	 from	 her
teenage	troubles	and	found	herself	a	job	with	real	puzzles	to	solve	and	consequences	if	she
failed	that	went	far	beyond	her	own	intellectual	frustration.
Was	it	a	coincidence,	she	wondered,	that	Bertie	had	given	it	to	her	tonight,	this	book
that	 so	 strongly	 signified	 that	 other	 time?	 Or	 had	 he	 guessed	 somehow	 that	 her	 current
visit	 was	 linked	 to	 the	 events	 fifteen	 years	 before	 that	 had	 first	 brought	 her	 to	 stay	 with
him	and	Ruth?
Sadie	retrieved	the	envelope,	studying	again	the	censorious	handwriting,	her	own	name
and	 address	 spelled	 out	 like	 a	 criticism	 across	 its	 front.	 The	 letter	 inside	 was	 her	 own
personal	time	bomb,	tick-tick-ticking	while	she	worked	out	how	to	defuse	it.	She	needed
to	defuse	it.	It	had	made	a	mess	of	everything	and	would	continue	to	do	so	until	she	fixed
it.	She	wished	she’d	never	received	the	damn	thing.	That	the	postman	had	dropped	it	from
his	bag,	and	the	wind	had	whipped	it	away,	and	a	dog	somewhere	had	chased	and	chewed
it	 until	 all	 that	 remained	 was	 a	 soggy	 pulp.	 Sadie	 sighed	 unhappily	 and	 tucked	 the
envelope	inside	the	book	of	puzzles.	She	wasn’t	naïve;	she	knew	there	was	no	such	thing
as	“fair.”	Nonetheless,	she	felt	sorry	for	herself	as	she	closed	the	book	and	tucked	it	away.
It	 didn’t	 seem	 right,	 somehow,	 that	 a	 person’s	 life	 should	 be	 derailed	 twice	 by	 the	 one
mistake.
The	solution	came	to	her	on	the	edge	of	sleep.	She’d	been	slipping,	as	was	normal	now,
into	 the	 dream	 about	 the	 little	 girl	 backlit	 in	 the	 doorway,	 holding	 out	 her	 hands	 and
calling	for	her	mother,	when	she	opened	her	eyes,	instantly	awake.	The	answer	(to	all	her
problems,	it	seemed	to	Sadie	in	the	clarity	of	night)	was	so	simple,	she	couldn’t	believe	it
had	 taken	 her	 six	 weeks	 to	 find	 it.	 She,	 who	 prided	 herself	 on	 her	 ability	 to	 unravel
puzzles.	She’d	wished	the	letter	hadn’t	reached	her,	and	who	was	there	to	say	it	had?	Sadie
threw	 back	 her	 duvet	 and	 retrieved	 the	 envelope	 from	 inside	 the	 book	 of	 brainteasers,
rummaged	about	on	her	bedside	table	for	a	pen.	No	longer	at	this	address,	she	scribbled
hastily	 on	 the	 front,	 eagerness	 making	 her	 writing	 more	 jagged	 than	 usual.	 Return	 to
sender.	 A	 great	 sigh	 of	 relief	 escaped	 her	 as	 she	 studied	 her	 handiwork.	 Her	 shoulders

lightened.	 Resisting	 the	 urge	 to	 look	 again	 at	 the	 photograph,	 she	 resealed	 the	 envelope
carefully	so	that	no	one	would	be	any	the	wiser.
Early	next	morning,	while	Bertie	and	the	dogs	slept,	Sadie	pulled	on	her	running	gear
and	 jogged	 along	 the	 dark	 silent	 streets,	 letter	 in	 hand.	 She	 dropped	 it	 into	 the	 village’s
only	postbox	to	be	spirited	back	to	London.
Sadie	 couldn’t	 stop	 smiling	 as	 she	 continued	 around	 the	 headland.	 Her	 feet	 pounded
with	 renewed	 energy,	 and	 as	 the	 sun	 rose	 golden	 in	 the	 pink	 sky,	 she	 basked	 in	 the
knowledge	that	the	whole	unpleasant	business	was	over	and	done	with.	To	all	intents	and
purposes,	it	was	as	if	the	letter	had	never	found	her.	Bertie	would	never	need	to	know	the
truth	behind	her	sudden	visit	to	Cornwall,	and	Sadie	could	get	back	to	work.	Without	the
letter’s	contents	clouding	her	judgment,	she’d	be	able	to	let	the	Bailey	case	go	once	and
for	all,	and	creep	out	from	under	whatever	madness	it	was	that	had	cloaked	her.	The	only
thing	left	to	do	was	to	tell	Donald.
When	 she	 went	 out	 again	 later	 for	 Bertie’s	 pears,	 Sadie	 walked	 the	 long	 way	 into	 the
village,	over	the	cliff	towards	the	lookout	and	then	down	the	steep	western	path	into	the
playground.	There	was	no	denying	this	was	a	beautiful	part	of	the	world.	Sadie	could	see
why	 Bertie	 had	 fallen	 in	 love	 with	 it.	 “I	 knew	 immediately,”	 he’d	 told	 her,	 with
unexpected,	 born-again	 zeal.	 “There’s	 just	 something	 about	 the	 place	 that	 called	 me.”
He’d	been	so	keen	to	believe	there	were	mysterious	external	forces	at	work,	that	the	move
was	 somehow	 “meant	 to	 be,”	 that	 Sadie	 had	 merely	 smiled	 and	 nodded,	 and	 refrained
from	 telling	 him	 there	 were	 very	 few	 people	 who	 wouldn’t	 have	 felt	 that	 life	 here	 was
calling	to	them.
She	took	the	coins	from	her	pocket	and	jiggled	them	in	anticipation.	Mobile	reception
was	 unreliable	 in	 the	 village,	 but	 there	 was	 a	 public	 phone	 box	 in	 the	 park	 and	 she	 was
going	to	take	advantage	of	being	out	of	Bertie’s	earshot.	She	dropped	her	coins	into	the
slot	and	waited,	drumming	her	thumb	against	her	lip	as	she	stood	there.
“Raynes,”	his	grunt	came	down	the	line.
“Donald,	it’s	Sadie.”
“Sparrow?	I	can	hardly	hear	you.	How’s	the	leave?”
“Yeah,	 great.”	 She	 hesitated	 and	 then	 added,	 “Restful,”	 because	 it	 seemed	 the	 sort	 of
thing	a	person	ought	to	say	about	a	holiday.
“Good,	good.”
The	phone	line	hissed.	Neither	of	them	went	in	much	for	small	talk,	so	she	decided	to
come	 straight	 to	 the	 point.	 “Listen,	 I’ve	 done	 a	 lot	 of	 thinking	 and	 I’m	 ready	 to	 come
back.”
Silence.
“To	work,”	she	added.
“It’s	only	been	a	week.”
“And	it’s	been	very	clarifying.	Sea	air	and	all	that.”

“I	thought	I	made	it	clear,	Sparrow.	Four	weeks,	no	buts.”
“I	know,	Don,	but	look	.	.	.”	Sadie	glanced	over	her	shoulder	and	saw	a	woman	pushing
a	child	on	a	swing.	She	lowered	her	voice.	“I	know	I	was	out	of	line.	I	got	it	completely
wrong,	 I	 overreacted	 and	 I	 handled	 it	 badly.	 You	 were	 right,	 there	 was	 some	 other	 stuff
going	on,	personal	stuff,	but	it’s	over	now,	dealt	with,	and—”
“Hang	on	a	tick.”
Sadie	heard	someone	muttering	in	the	background	at	the	other	end.
Donald	 murmured	 a	 reply	 before	 coming	 back	 to	 her.	 “Listen,	 Sparrow,”	 he	 said,
“something’s	happening	here.”
“Really?	A	new	case?”
“I’ve	got	to	go.”
“Yeah,	right,	of	course.	I	was	just	saying,	I’m	ready—”
“It’s	a	bad	line.	Give	us	a	call	in	a	few	days,	eh?	Next	week	sometime.	We’ll	discuss	it
properly.”
“But,	I—”
Sadie	 cursed	 into	 the	 receiver	 as	 the	 phone	 line	 went	 dead	 and	 dug	 around	 in	 her
pockets	for	more	change.	She	redialed	but	the	call	went	straight	to	Donald’s	voice	mail.
She	waited	a	few	seconds	before	trying	again.	Same	thing.	Sadie	left	no	message.
She	 sat	 for	 a	 while	 on	 the	 bench	 near	 the	 playground.	 A	 couple	 of	 seagulls	 were
fighting	 over	 a	 pile	 of	 spilled	 chips	 in	 a	 newspaper	 shroud.	 The	 child	 on	 the	 swing	 was
crying,	the	chains	of	the	swing	creaking	in	sympathy.	Sadie	wondered	if	it	was	possible
Donald	had	ignored	her	subsequent	calls	on	purpose.	She	decided	it	was.	She	wondered	if
there	was	anyone	else	she	should	contact	while	she	was	sitting	by	the	phone	with	coins	in
her	pocket.	She	realized	there	wasn’t.	Sadie	bounced	her	knees	up	and	down,	restless.	The
need	to	get	back	to	London,	where	she	was	useful	and	there	was	more	to	do	in	a	day	than
buy	 pears,	 was	 almost	 painful.	 Frustration,	 impotence,	 and	 the	 sudden	 quelling	 of
excitement	 jostled	 about	 inside	 her.	 The	 child	 on	 the	 swing	 was	 having	 a	 full-blown
tantrum	now,	arching	his	little	body	and	refusing	his	mother’s	attempts	to	wipe	his	smeary
face.	Sadie	would	have	rather	liked	to	join	in.
“Going	cheap,”	the	woman	said	to	Sadie	as	she	walked	by,	the	same	eye-rolling	tone	all
parents	adopt	when	they	joke	about	giving	away	their	children.
Sadie	smiled	thinly	and	continued	to	the	village,	where	she	made	a	greater	job	than	was
necessary	 of	 choosing	 the	 pears,	 scrutinizing	 each	 one	 like	 a	 suspect	 in	 a	 lineup	 before
making	her	selection,	paying	at	the	register,	and	starting	for	home.
She’d	 passed	 the	 library	 before—the	 stone	 building	 was	 on	 the	 High	 Street	 and	 an
unavoidable	landmark	between	her	grandfather’s	house	and	the	village	proper—but	she’d
never	thought	to	go	inside.	She	wasn’t	a	library	person.	Too	many	books,	too	much	quiet.
Now,	 though,	 the	 display	 in	 the	 window	 made	 her	 stop	 abruptly.	 It	 was	 a	 pyramid	 of
mystery	novels,	lots	of	them,	with	black	covers	and	the	name	A.	C.	Edevane	spelled	out
across	 the	 front	 in	 bold	 silver.	 Sadie	 was	 familiar	 with	 the	 author,	 of	 course.	 A.	 C.

Edevane	was	one	of	the	few	crime	writers	actually	read	by	police	officers,	and	a	national
institution	besides.	When	Louise	had	spoken	about	the	Edevane	family	and	their	house	by
the	 lake,	 Sadie	 hadn’t	 made	 the	 connection.	 Now,	 though,	 glancing	 at	 the	 poster	 strung
above	the	display—Local	Author	to	Publish	Fiftieth	Book—she	felt	the	singular	thrill	of
two	seemingly	unconnected	elements	coming	together.
Without	 another	 thought,	 Sadie	 entered	 the	 building.	 A	 helpful-looking	 man	 of
gnomelike	 proportions	 and	 with	 a	 nametag	 pinned	 to	 his	 shirt	 assured	 her	 that	 yes,	 of
course	they	had	a	local	history	section;	was	there	anything	in	particular	he	could	help	her
with?	“Actually,”	said	Sadie,	setting	down	her	string	bag	of	pears,	“there	is.	I	need	to	find
out	everything	I	can	about	a	house.	And	an	old	police	case.	And,	while	I’m	at	it,	I’ll	take	a
recommendation	for	your	favorite	A.	C.	Edevane	novel.”

6
LONDON,	2003

Peter	almost	dropped	the	parcel	as	he	ran	for	the	bus.	Thankfully,	a	lifetime	of	clumsiness
had	given	him	practice	at	catching	things	and	he	managed	to	pinion	it	to	his	body	with	an
elbow	without	breaking	his	stride.	He	took	his	bus	pass	from	his	pocket,	pushed	a	curtain
of	hair	from	his	eyes,	and	spotted	a	single	vacant	seat.	“Excuse	me,”	he	said,	to	nobody	in
particular,	 making	 his	 way	 down	 the	 aisle	 as	 the	 bus	 lurched	 forwards.	 “Excuse	 me,
please.	Sorry.	So	sorry.”
The	pursed-lipped	woman	occupying	the	window	seat	frowned	over	her	open	copy	of
The	Times	as	the	bus	turned	a	corner	and	Peter	fell	into	the	space	beside	her.	Her	sideways
shuffle	 and	 small	 but	 pointed	 sigh	 of	 indignation	 suggested	 he’d	 brought	 an	 unwelcome
whirlwind	 of	 fluster	 and	 bother	 with	 him.	 It	 was	 something	 Peter	 had	 always	 suspected
about	himself	and	so	the	insinuation	didn’t	offend	him	in	the	least.	“Thought	I	was	going
to	be	walking	for	a	minute	there,”	he	said	affably,	letting	his	satchel	and	the	parcel	slide	to
the	floor	between	his	feet.	“Long	way	to	Hampstead	from	here,	especially	in	this	heat.”
The	woman	returned	his	smile,	in	a	withering	sort	of	way	that	might	have	been	classed
a	 grimace	 by	 someone	 less	 generous	 than	 Peter,	 before	 glancing	 back	 at	 her	 paper	 and
giving	 the	 broadsheet	 a	 lavish	 shake	 to	 straighten	 its	 pages.	 It	 was	 a	 reading	 style	 that
necessarily	 ignored	 her	 seatmate’s	 presence	 entirely,	 but	 Peter	 wasn’t	 a	 large	 man	 and
found	 that	 if	 he	 leaned	 back	 hard	 against	 his	 seat	 the	 pages	 barely	 skimmed	 him.	 What
was	more,	by	this	arrangement	he	was	able	to	glean	the	day’s	headlines,	saving	him	a	stop
at	the	newsagent’s	when	he	got	to	Hampstead.
Alice	expected	him	to	keep	up	with	the	news.	She	could	be	a	hungry	conversationalist
when	the	mood	struck	her,	and	she	didn’t	suffer	fools	gladly.	The	latter	he’d	learned	from
Alice	herself;	she’d	announced	the	fact	during	their	first	day	of	working	together,	her	eyes
narrowing	 perceptibly	 as	 if	 she	 possessed	 the	 superhuman	 ability	 to	 scan	 a	 person	 and
detect	foolishness	at	a	glance.
Peter	let	his	own	gaze	wander	over	page	two,	laid	out	helpfully	by	his	seatmate	across
his	 lap:	 the	 latest	 MORI	 poll	 put	 Labour	 and	 the	 Conservatives	 on	 even	 terms,	 six
members	of	the	Royal	Military	Police	had	been	killed	in	Iraq,	and	Margaret	Hodge	was
being	tipped	as	the	first	Minister	for	Children.	At	least	the	Bailey	case	had	fallen	off	the
front	pages.	It	had	been	a	terrible	thing,	a	child	left	alone	like	that	for	days,	abandoned	by
the	very	person	you’d	think	might	be	counted	on	to	care	for	her.	Peter	had	said	as	much
during	 tea	 one	 afternoon	 when	 the	 case	 was	 at	 its	 hottest	 and	 Alice	 had	 surprised	 him,
staring	 fixedly	 over	 her	 cup	 before	 replying	 that	 they’d	 no	 business	 passing	 judgment
when	they	didn’t	know	the	full	story.	“You’re	young,”	she’d	continued	briskly.	“Life	will
cure	you	of	naïve	assumptions.	The	only	thing	one	can	count	on	is	that	no	one	else	can
truly	be	counted	on.”

Alice’s	 constitutional	 acerbity	 had	 been	 challenging	 at	 first.	 Peter	 had	 spent	 the	 first
month	of	his	employment	convinced	he	was	on	the	brink	of	being	let	go,	before	coming	to
understand	it	was	just	part	of	her	nature,	a	sort	of	humor,	scathing	at	times	but	never	really
nasty.	Peter’s	problem	was	that	he	was	too	earnest.	It	was	a	character	flaw,	he	knew,	and
one	he	tried	hard	to	correct,	or	at	least	disguise.	It	wasn’t	always	easy;	he’d	been	that	way
for	as	long	as	he	could	remember.	His	mum	and	dad,	his	big	brothers,	too,	were	a	joyous
lot,	all	fond	of	having	a	laugh,	and	throughout	Peter’s	childhood	they’d	shaken	their	heads
and	 chuckled	 and	 tousled	 his	 hair	 whenever	 he	 puzzled	 too	 long	 over	 jokes	 and	 teases,
saying	 what	 a	 cuckoo	 he	 was,	 what	 a	 serious	 little	 cuckoo,	 arrived	 in	 their	 nest	 from
nowhere,	bless	him.
The	description	had	bothered	Peter,	but	only	a	little.	The	fact	was	he	had	always	been
different,	and	not	just	in	matters	of	sincerity.	His	two	older	brothers	had	been	broad,	sturdy
boys	who’d	grown	into	broad,	sturdy	men,	the	sort	who	looked	right	with	a	pint	of	bitter	in
one	hand	and	a	football	in	the	other.	And	then	there	was	Peter:	skinny,	pale,	and	tall,	with
a	tendency	to	“mark	easily.”	His	mother	hadn’t	said	it	as	a	criticism,	more	with	a	note	of
wonder	that	she	and	his	father	could	have	created	this	odd	little	changeling	with	bruisable
skin	 and	 a	 quaint,	 unfathomable	 passion	 for	 his	 library	 card.	 “He	 likes	 reading,”	 his
parents	had	told	their	friends	in	the	same	awed	tones	they	might	have	used	to	announce
he’d	been	awarded	the	Victoria	Cross.
Peter	did	 like	 reading.	 He’d	 read	 his	 way	 through	 the	 entire	 children’s	 section	 of	 the
Kilburn	Library	by	the	time	he	was	eight,	a	feat	that	might	have	been	a	source	of	pride	and
celebration	 but	 for	 the	 problem	 posed	 by	 his	 still	 being	 years	 off	 acquiring	 the	 coveted
adult	borrowing	card.	Thank	God	for	Miss	Talbot,	who’d	bitten	her	lip	and	straightened
the	 library	 name	 badge	 on	 her	 lemon	 cardigan,	 and	 told	 him—a	 faint	 quiver	 of	 purpose
enlivening	her	usually	soft,	smooth	voice—that	she	would	personally	ensure	he	never	ran
out	of	things	to	read.	She	was	a	magician,	as	far	as	Peter	was	concerned.	Decipherer	of
secret	 codes,	 master	 of	 index	 cards	 and	 Dewey	 decimal,	 opener	 of	 doors	 to	 wonderful
places.
Those	 afternoons	 in	 the	 library,	 breathing	 the	 stale	 sun-warmed	 dust	 of	 a	 thousand
stories	(accented	by	the	collective	mildew	of	a	hundred	years	of	rising	damp),	had	been
enchanted.	Two	decades	ago	now,	and	yet	here,	on	the	No.	168	bus	towards	Hampstead
Heath,	 Peter	 was	 beset	 with	 an	 almost	 bodily	 sense	 of	 being	 back	 there.	 His	 limbs
twitched	with	the	memory	of	being	nine	years	old	and	lanky	as	a	foal.	His	mood	lifted	as
he	 remembered	 how	 large,	 how	 filled	 with	 possibilities,	 and	 yet,	 at	 once,	 how	 safe	 and
navigable	the	world	had	seemed	when	he	was	shut	within	those	four	brick	walls.
Peter	 risked	 his	 seatmate’s	 put-upon	 sigh,	 reaching	 past	 the	 newspaper	 to	 rummage
through	his	satchel	for	the	programme.	He’d	tucked	it	inside	the	front	cover	of	the	dogeared	 copy	 of	 Great	 Expectations	 he	 was	 rereading	 in	 honor	 of	 Miss	 Talbot,	 and	 now
studied	the	smiling	portrait	on	the	front.
When	 Peter	 had	 told	 Alice	 he	 needed	 Tuesday	 morning	 off	 to	 attend	 a	 funeral,	 she’d
been	typically	curious.	She	was,	as	a	rule,	rapaciously	interested	in	the	details	of	his	life.
She	 quizzed	 him	 whenever	 the	 mood	 took	 her,	 asking	 questions	 of	 the	 type	 one	 might
more	 reasonably	 have	 expected	 from	 an	 alien	 student	 of	 the	 human	 race	 than	 from	 an
eighty-six-year-old	 member	 of	 its	 ranks.	 Peter,	 who	 might,	 if	 he’d	 given	 it	 any	 thought,

have	described	his	life	to	that	point	as	so	ordinary	as	to	be	beneath	notice,	had	found	the
elderly	 woman’s	 interest	 unnerving	 at	 first.	 He	 was	 far	 more	 comfortable	 reading	 about
the	lives	and	ideas	of	others	than	describing	his	own.	But	Alice	wasn’t	the	sort	to	brook
opposition	 and	 he	 had	 gotten	 better,	 with	 time	 and	 practice,	 at	 answering	 her	 questions
straightforwardly.	It	wasn’t	that	he’d	gained	any	greater	sense	of	his	own	importance	as
much	as	he’d	realized	Alice’s	interest	in	him	wasn’t	exclusive.	She	was	equally	inquisitive
about	the	habits	of	the	rangy	foxes	eking	out	a	living	behind	her	garden	shed.
“A	 funeral?”	 she’d	 said,	 glancing	 up	 sharply	 from	 the	 books	 she	 was	 signing	 for	 her
Spanish	publisher.
“First	I’ve	ever	been	to.”
“Won’t	 be	 the	 last,”	 she’d	 said	 matter-of-factly,	 scratching	 a	 flourish	 across	 the	 page
before	her.	“One	collects	them	over	a	lifetime.	When	you	get	to	my	age	you	find	you’ve
put	 more	 people	 in	 the	 ground	 than	 you	 could	 gather	 for	 morning	 tea.	 Necessary,	 of
course;	nothing	good	comes	from	a	death	without	a	funeral.”	Peter	might	have	wondered
at	 that	 remark,	 but	 before	 he	 could	 give	 it	 further	 thought	 Alice	 continued,	 “Family
member,	is	it?	Friend?	Always	worse	when	a	young	person	dies.”
Peter	 told	 her	 then	 about	 Miss	 Talbot,	 surprising	 himself	 with	 the	 things	 he
remembered,	 the	 odd	 little	 details	 that	 had	 lodged	 within	 his	 nine-year-old	 brain.	 The
delicate	 rose-gold	 watch	 she’d	 worn,	 her	 habit	 of	 rubbing	 the	 tip	 of	 her	 index	 finger
against	 her	 thumb	 when	 she	 was	 thinking,	 the	 way	 her	 skin	 had	 smelled	 like	 musk	 and
petals.
“A	guide,”	Alice	had	said,	silvery	brows	raised.	“A	mentor.	How	fortunate	you	were.
And	you	kept	in	contact	all	this	time?”
“Not	exactly.	We	lost	touch	when	I	left	for	university.”
“You	visited,	though.”	A	statement,	not	a	question.
“Not	enough.”
Not	ever,	but	he’d	been	too	ashamed	to	admit	that	to	Alice.	He’d	thought	about	visiting
the	 library,	 meant	 to,	 but	 life	 was	 busy	 and	 he’d	 just	 never	 got	 around	 to	 it.	 He’d	 only
learned	 of	 Miss	 Talbot’s	 death	 by	 chance.	 He’d	 been	 running	 an	 errand	 for	 Alice	 at	 the
British	Library,	flicking	idly	through	a	copy	of	the	SCONUL	Newsletter	while	waiting	for
a	German	book	on	poisons	to	be	delivered	from	the	archives,	when	her	name	leapt	out	at
him.	Miss	Talbot—Lucy	 Talbot,	 because	 of	 course	 she’d	 had	 a	 first	 name—had	 lost	 her
battle	with	cancer,	the	funeral	would	be	held	on	Tuesday,	June	10.	Peter	had	experienced
an	electric	flash	of	shock.	He	hadn’t	even	known	that	she	was	ill.	No	reason	he	should,
really.	He	told	himself	it	was	the	way	of	things,	children	grew,	and	grew	away,	and	in	any
case	 he	 was	 overthinking	 it,	 memory	 had	 embroidered	 his	 friendship	 with	 Miss	 Talbot.
He’d	imagined	a	special	connection	between	them	when	in	reality	she’d	just	been	doing
her	job,	he’d	only	ever	been	one	of	many.
“Doubtful,”	Alice	said	to	this.	“Far	more	probable	that	the	number	of	children	she	saw
and	didn’t	connect	with	specially	made	the	one	with	whom	she	did	particularly	important
to	her.”

Peter	 hadn’t	 flattered	 himself	 that	 Alice	 was	 trying	 to	 bolster	 his	 esteem.	 The
pronouncement	was	her	considered	opinion,	expressed	with	characteristic	candor,	and	if	it
made	him	feel	a	right	heel,	well,	what	concern	was	that	of	hers?
He’d	thought	it	the	end	of	the	matter,	until	hours	later,	when	he	was	engrossed	in	his
daily	 task	 of	 transferring	 Alice’s	 morning	 scenes	 onto	 the	 new	 computer	 she	 refused	 to
use,	she’d	said,	“Did	she	ever	give	you	one	of	mine?”
Peter	had	looked	up	from	the	heavily	edited	typewritten	sentence	he	was	transposing.
He	had	no	idea	what	Alice	was	talking	about.	He	hadn’t	even	realized	she	was	still	in	the
room	with	him.	It	was	highly	unusual	for	Alice	to	stick	around	while	he	did	his	work;	she
went	out	like	clockwork	most	afternoons,	to	run	mysterious	errands	the	purpose	of	which
she	didn’t	disclose.
“Your	librarian.	Did	she	ever	give	you	one	of	my	books?”
He’d	considered	lying	but	only	for	a	second.	Alice	had	a	nose	for	dishonesty.	When	he
said	that	she	had	not,	Alice	surprised	him	by	laughing.	“A	good	thing,	too.	Not	meant	for
children,	not	the	things	I	write.”
Which	was	true	enough.	Alice’s	books	were	English	mysteries,	but	there	was	nothing
cosy	 about	 them.	 They	 were	 the	 sort	 of	 crime	 novels	 reviewers	 liked	 to	 describe	 as
“psychologically	taut”	and	“morally	ambiguous,”	whydunits	as	much	as	they	were	whos
or	hows.	As	she	herself	had	famously	said	in	an	interview	with	the	BBC,	murder	in	and	of
itself	was	not	engaging;	it	was	the	drive	to	kill,	the	human	factor,	the	fervors	and	furies
motivating	the	dreadful	act	that	rendered	it	compelling.	Alice	had	a	formidable	grasp	on
those	 fervors	 and	 furies.	 She’d	 nodded	 when	 the	 interviewer	 said	 as	 much,	 listened
politely	 as	 he	 implied	 she	 was,	 in	 fact,	 just	 a	 little	 too	 perceptive	 on	 the	 matter	 for	 his
comfort,	 and	 then	 she’d	 replied:	 “But	 of	 course	 one	 does	 not	 need	 to	 have	 committed
murder	to	write	about	it,	any	more	than	one	needs	a	time	machine	to	write	about	the	Battle
of	 Agincourt.	 One	 simply	 requires	 an	 acquaintance	 with	 man’s	 dark	 depths,	 and	 the
inclination	 to	 explore	 them	 to	 their	 very	 end.”	 She’d	 smiled	 then,	 almost	 sweetly.
“Besides,	haven’t	we	all	experienced	the	desire	to	kill,	if	only	for	a	moment?”
Sales	of	her	books	had	gone	through	the	roof	in	the	days	following	the	interview,	not
that	she’d	needed	them	to.	She	was	hugely	successful	and	had	been	for	decades.	The	name
A.	 C.	 Edevane	 was	 shorthand	 for	 the	 entire	 procedural	 crime	 genre	 and	 her	 fictional
detective,	 Diggory	 Brent,	 the	 curmudgeonly	 ex-soldier	 with	 a	 penchant	 for	 patchwork,
was	 more	 beloved	 by	 a	 great	 swathe	 of	 readers	 than	 their	 own	 fathers.	 That	 wasn’t	 just
Peter’s	 hyperbole;	 a	 recent	 poll	 in	 the	 Sunday	 Times	 had	 posed	 the	 question	 and	 the
responses	 from	 readers	 had	 proved	 it.	 “Remarkable,”	 Alice	 had	 said	 after	 her	 publicist
telephoned	with	the	news.	And	then,	lest	Peter	think	for	a	moment	she	cared	one	jot	for
pleasing	others,	“And	certainly	not	what	I	intended.”
Peter	had	never	told	Alice,	but	he	hadn’t	read	any	of	her	books	when	he	started	work	as
her	assistant.	He	hadn’t	read	much	contemporary	fiction	at	all,	for	that	matter.	Miss	Talbot,
who’d	taken	very	seriously	her	responsibility	as	a	dealer	of	illicit	adult	books	to	a	minor,
had	vacillated	briefly	over	whether	nonfiction	might	be	the	best	place	to	start	(what	harm,
she’d	reasoned	aloud,	could	possibly	come	to	a	child’s	mind	from	the	pages	of	history?),
before	deciding	a	grounding	in	the	classics	was	capital	and	plucking	the	library’s	copy	of

Great	Expectations	from	the	shelves.	Peter	had	fallen	hard	for	gaslight,	frock	coats,	and
horse-drawn	coaches,	and	never	looked	back.	(Or	forwards,	as	the	case	may	be.)
Funnily	 enough,	 it	 was	 his	 obsessive	 consumption	 of	 nineteenth-century	 fiction	 that
had	 brought	 him	 together	 with	 Alice.	 Peter	 had	 been	 at	 a	 crossroads	 after	 he	 graduated
from	university—there	didn’t	seem	to	be	many	jobs	for	people	with	postgraduate	degrees
in	Constellations	of	Figuration:	Enlightenment,	Self,	and	Sensibility	in	Victorian	Novels,
1875–1893—and	had	given	himself	the	summer	to	come	up	with	a	firm	plan.	The	rent	still
needed	to	be	paid,	so	he	was	making	some	extra	money	by	helping	his	brother	David	in
his	 pest-extermination	 business;	 Alice’s	 call	 had	 come	 through	 first	 thing	 on	 a	 Monday
morning.	 There	 was	 an	 ominous	 ticking	 noise	 in	 her	 wall	 that	 had	 kept	 her	 awake	 all
weekend	and	she	needed	someone	to	see	to	it	at	once.
“Thorny	old	girl,”	David	had	told	Peter	as	they	hopped	out	of	the	van	on	Heath	Street
and	headed	towards	Alice’s	place.	“But	harmless	enough.	Strange	habit	of	calling	me	out
and	then	telling	me	what	she	thinks	I’m	going	to	find.	Even	stranger	habit	of	being	right.”
“I	suspect	the	deathwatch	beetle,”	she’d	said	as	David	unpacked	his	kit	at	the	base	of
her	bedroom	wall	and	pressed	his	listening	glass	to	the	plaster.	“Xestobium—”
“—rufovillosum,”	 Peter	 had	 murmured	 simultaneously.	 And	 then,	 because	 David	 was
staring	at	him	as	if	he’d	started	talking	in	tongues,	“Like	in	‘The	Tell-Tale	Heart.’ ”
There’d	been	a	brief,	cool	silence	and	then,	“Who	is	this?”	Alice	had	spoken	in	just	the
sort	 of	 voice	 the	 Queen	 might	 have	 used	 had	 she	 dropped	 by	 to	 inspect	 the	 pesteradication	progress.	“I	don’t	recall	your	having	had	an	assistant,	Mr.	Obel?”
David	had	explained	that	he	didn’t	have	an	assistant;	that	Peter	was	his	little	brother,
helping	out	for	a	few	weeks	while	he	worked	out	what	to	do	next.	“Needed	a	break	from
all	those	books,”	he’d	added.	“Getting	too	smart	for	his	own	good.”
Alice	had	given	an	almost	imperceptible	nod	before	retreating,	her	footsteps	echoing	as
she	climbed	the	stairs	to	the	room	in	the	roof	Peter	knew	now	as	her	writing	bower.
David	had	clipped	him	on	the	shoulder	later,	when	they	were	sitting	in	the	smoky	back
booth	at	the	Dog	and	Whistle.	“So	you	woke	the	dragon	and	lived	to	tell	the	tale,”	he’d
said,	draining	the	last	of	his	beer	and	gathering	up	the	darts.	“What	was	it	you	said	to	her,
anyway—that	thing	about	the	heart?”
Peter	 had	 explained	 about	 Poe	 and	 his	 unnamed	 narrator,	 the	 careful	 precision	 of	 the
murder	he	committed,	his	claims	to	sanity	and	his	eventual	undoing	by	guilt,	while	David,
not	 of	 a	 gothic	 temperament,	 continued	 to	 hit	 one	 bull’s-eye	 after	 another.	 Darts	 spent,
he’d	suggested	cheerily	it	was	lucky	Alice	hadn’t	put	Peter	in	the	wall.	“That’s	what	she
does,	 you	 know:	 murder.	 Not	 real	 ones—at	 least,	 not	 that	 I	 know	 of.	 Commits	 all	 her
crimes	on	paper.”
Alice’s	letter	had	arrived	a	week	later,	tucked	inside	the	same	envelope	as	the	check	to
settle	 her	 account.	 It	 had	 been	 typewritten	 on	 a	 machine	 with	 a	 faulty	 e	 and	 signed	 in
navy-blue	ink.	The	message	was	simply	expressed.	She	was	interviewing	for	a	temporary
assistant,	someone	to	fill	in	while	her	permanent	person	was	away.	She	would	see	him	at
midday	on	Friday.

Why	had	he	fronted	up	obediently	as	ordered?	Hard	to	remember	now,	other	than	to	say
that	 observation	 had	 since	 taught	 him	 people	 tended	 to	 follow	 Alice	 Edevane’s
instructions.	He’d	rung	the	doorbell	at	midday	sharp	and	been	admitted	to	the	jade-green
sitting	 room	 on	 the	 ground	 floor.	 Alice	 had	 been	 dressed	 handsomely	 in	 a	 pair	 of	 twill
trousers	 and	 a	 silk	 blouse,	 a	 combination	 he	 now	 thought	 of	 as	 her	 uniform,	 and	 she’d
worn	 a	 large	 gold	 locket	 on	 a	 chain	 around	 her	 neck.	 Her	 white	 hair	 had	 been	 neat	 and
unfussy,	set	back	from	her	face	in	waves	that	terminated	with	an	obedient	curl	behind	each
ear.	She’d	seated	herself	at	a	mahogany	desk,	indicated	that	he	should	take	the	upholstered
chair	on	the	other	side,	and	then	made	a	bridge	of	her	hands,	over	which	she	proceeded	to
fire	off	a	series	of	questions	that	didn’t	seem	remotely	relevant	to	the	position	she	meant	to
fill.	 He’d	 been	 mid-sentence	 when	 she	 glanced	 sharply	 at	 a	 ship’s	 clock	 on	 the
mantelpiece,	stood	abruptly,	and	reached	to	shake	his	hand.	He	could	still	remember	how
unexpectedly	cool	and	birdlike	it	had	felt.	The	interview	was	over,	she’d	said	curtly.	She
had	things	to	see	to	now;	he	should	start	the	following	week.
The	168	bus	slowed	to	pull	in	against	the	curb	at	the	top	of	Fitzjohn’s	Avenue	and	Peter
gathered	 his	 things.	 That	 meeting	 with	 Alice	 had	 been	 three	 years	 ago.	 The	 permanent
person	had	mysteriously	never	returned	and	Peter	had	never	left.
Alice	 was	 working	 on	 a	 particularly	 knotty	 scene,	 a	 transition.	 They	 were	 always	 the
hardest	 to	 write.	 It	 was	 their	 very	 insignificance	 that	 rendered	 them	 problematic,	 the
seemingly	simple	task	of	getting	one’s	character	from	important	moment	A	to	important
moment	 B	 without	 losing	 the	 reader’s	 interest	 in	 the	 process.	 She’d	 never	 admit	 it	 to
anyone,	 certainly	 not	 the	 press,	 but	 the	 wretched	 things	 continued	 to	 bring	 her	 unstuck
even	after	forty-nine	novels.
She	 pushed	 her	 reading	 glasses	 further	 up	 the	 bridge	 of	 her	 nose,	 flicked	 the
typewriter’s	 paper	 guide	 out	 of	 the	 way,	 and	 reread	 her	 most	 recent	 line:	 Diggory	Brent
left	the	morgue	and	started	back	towards	his	office.
Perfunctory,	clear,	directional,	and	the	following	lines	should	be	just	as	straightforward.
She	knew	the	drill.	Give	him	some	thoughts	pertinent	to	the	novel’s	theme,	an	occasional
update	 on	 his	 physical	 progress	 to	 remind	 the	 reader	 he’s	 making	 some,	 then	 a	 final
sentence	 bringing	 him	 through	 his	 office	 door	 to	 where—voilà!—the	 next	 surprise	 is
waiting	to	propel	him	further	through	the	narrative.
The	trouble	was	that	she’d	already	written	just	about	every	scenario	she	could	think	of
and	 Alice	 was	 bored.	 It	 was	 not	 a	 feeling	 with	 which	 she	 was	 familiar,	 nor	 one	 she
intended	 to	 indulge.	 Boredom,	 as	 her	 mother	 had	 always	 told	 them,	 was	 a	 state	 to	 be
pitied,	 the	 province	 of	 the	 witless.	 Fingers	 poised	 above	 the	 keys,	 Alice	 considered
weaving	in	some	thoughts	as	to	the	quilt	piece	he	was	working	on;	an	allegory,	perhaps,
for	the	unexpected	turn	the	case	had	taken.
They	 were	 useful,	 those	 little	 fabric	 squares.	 They’d	 rescued	 her	 more	 than	 once.
Terrific	 to	 think	 they’d	 been	 a	 happy	 accident.	 She’d	 been	 seeking	 to	 give	 Diggory	 a
hobby	that	would	highlight	his	instinct	for	patterns	at	precisely	the	time	her	sister	Deborah
had	fallen	pregnant	and,	in	a	wildly	uncharacteristic	turn,	taken	up	needle	and	thread.	“It
relaxes	me,”	she’d	said.	“Keeps	my	mind	from	worrying	about	all	the	things	that	might	go

wrong.”	It	had	seemed	just	the	sort	of	remedial	activity	a	man	like	Diggory	Brent	might
adopt	in	order	to	occupy	the	long	nighttime	hours	his	young	family	had	once	filled.	Critics
continued	 to	 claim	 the	 hobby	 was	 an	 attempt	 by	 Alice	 to	 soften	 her	 detective’s	 rough
edges,	but	it	wasn’t	true.	Alice	liked	rough	edges;	and	she	was	deeply	suspicious	of	people
determined	not	to	have	any.
Diggory	Brent	left	the	morgue	and	started	back	towards	his	office.	And	.	.	.	?	Alice’s
fingers	hovered	above	the	typewriter	keys.	What	then?	As	he	walked,	he	considered	.	.	.
What?
Her	mind	drew	a	blank.
Frustrated,	 Alice	 flipped	 the	 paper	 guide	 back	 into	 place,	 laid	 down	 her	 glasses,	 and
surrendered	her	attention	to	the	view	from	her	window.	It	was	a	warm	day	in	early	June
and	the	sky	was	a	brilliant	blue.	As	a	girl	she’d	have	found	it	impossible	to	resist	the	call
of	the	outside	world	on	a	day	like	this,	with	its	smell	of	sunlit	leaves	and	honeysuckle,	the
ticking	 sound	 of	 concrete	 baking	 and	 crickets	 hunkering	 down	 in	 the	 cool	 undergrowth.
But	Alice	hadn’t	been	that	girl	in	a	long	time	and	there	were	few	places	she	preferred	to	be
now,	even	when	her	creative	powers	had	deserted	her,	than	here	in	her	writing	room.
The	room	was	at	the	very	top	of	the	house,	in	a	redbrick	Victorian	terrace	high	on	Holly
Hill.	It	was	small	with	an	angled	ceiling	and	bore	the	distinction,	according	to	the	estate
agent	who’d	shown	Alice	through	the	property,	of	having	been	used	by	a	previous	owner
to	 keep	 his	 mother	 locked	 away.	 She’d	 become	 an	 inconvenience,	 one	 presumed.	 Alice
was	 glad	 she’d	 never	 had	 children.	 The	 room	 was	 the	 reason	 she’d	 bought	 the	 house,
though	not	because	of	its	unhappy	past.	She	had	enough	of	that	in	her	own	family,	thank
you	 very	 much,	 and	 was	 quite	 immune	 to	 the	 folly	 of	 mistaking	 history	 for	 romance.	 It
was	the	room’s	position	that	had	driven	Alice	to	possess	it.	It	was	like	a	nest,	an	eyrie,	a
watchtower.
From	where	she	sat	to	write,	she	could	look	out	over	Hampstead	towards	the	heath,	as
far	 as	 the	 ladies’	 pool	 and	 beyond	 to	 the	 spires	 of	 Highgate.	 Behind	 her,	 a	 small	 round
ship’s	window	offered	a	view	of	the	back	garden,	all	the	way	to	the	mossy	brick	wall	and
small	 wooden	 shed	 marking	 the	 rear	 limit	 of	 her	 property.	 The	 garden	 was	 dense,	 the
legacy	of	another	past	owner,	this	one	a	horticulturalist	who’d	worked	at	Kew	and	devoted
herself	 to	 creating	 a	 “Garden	 of	 Earthly	 Delights”	 in	 her	 own	 backyard.	 It	 had	 been
allowed	to	grow	unruly	under	Alice’s	care,	but	not	through	accident	or	neglect.	She	was
most	fond	of	woods,	preferred	spaces	that	defied	manicure.
Downstairs,	the	latch	on	the	front	door	shook	and	the	entry	floorboards	creaked.	There
was	 a	 thump	 as	 something	 dropped.	 Peter.	 It	 wasn’t	 that	 he	 was	 clumsy	 so	 much	 as	 his
long	limbs	had	a	habit	of	getting	in	his	way.	Alice	glanced	at	her	wristwatch	and	noted,
with	surprise,	that	it	had	just	gone	two.	No	wonder	she	was	hungry.	She	laced	her	fingers
and	stretched	her	arms	forwards.	She	stood	up.	Frustrating	to	lose	an	entire	morning	to	the
rigors	of	pushing	Diggory	Brent	from	A	to	B,	but	there	was	nothing	to	be	done	about	it
now.	Half	a	century	as	a	professional	writer	had	taught	her	there	were	some	days	when	the
best	thing	to	do	was	to	walk	away.	Diggory	Brent	would	just	have	to	pass	the	night	in	the
no-man’s-land	betwixt	morgue	and	office.	Alice	washed	her	hands	at	the	little	basin	by	the
back	window,	dried	them	on	the	towel,	and	then	started	down	the	narrow	stairs.

She	knew	why	she	was	having	trouble,	of	course,	and	it	wasn’t	as	simple	as	boredom.
It	 was	 the	 damned	 anniversary	 and	 the	 fuss	 her	 publishers	 intended	 to	 make	 when	 she
reached	 it.	 An	 honor,	 well	 meant,	 and	 ordinarily	 Alice	 would	 have	 enjoyed	 a	 bit	 of
ceremony	in	her	name,	but	the	book	was	going	badly.	At	least,	she	suspected	it	was	going
badly—and	that	was	half	the	problem:	how	was	she	to	know,	really?	Her	editor,	Jane,	was
clever	and	enthusiastic,	but	she	was	also	young	and	awed.	Criticism,	real	criticism,	was
too	much	to	hope	for.
In	her	darkest	moments,	Alice	feared	there	was	no	one	left	to	tell	her	when	the	standard
dropped.	That	it	must	eventually	drop	she	didn’t	doubt;	Alice	had	kept	up	with	the	works
by	other	writers	of	her	generation	and	genre	and	knew	there	was	always	a	book	in	which	it
happened:	 the	 author’s	 grasp	 on	 the	 mores	 and	 minds	 of	 the	 modern	 world	 began	 to
loosen.	It	wasn’t	always	glaring—the	slight	overexplanation	of	a	technology	readers	took
for	 granted;	 the	 use	 of	 a	 formal	 term	 when	 its	 abbreviation	 was	 the	 norm;	 a	 cultural
reference	that	belonged	to	the	year	before—but	it	was	enough	to	render	the	whole	thing
false.	 For	 Alice,	 who	 prided	 herself	 on	 the	 verisimilitude	 of	 her	 books,	 who’d	 been
showered	 throughout	 her	 career	 with	 compliments,	 the	 idea	 of	 being	 allowed	 to	 publish
beyond	her	best	was	chilling.
Which	 was	 why	 she	 rode	 the	 Tube,	 every	 afternoon,	 sometimes	 to	 places	 she	 didn’t
need	to	go.	All	her	life,	Alice	had	been	interested	in	people.	She	didn’t	always	like	them,
she	 rarely	 sought	 their	 company	 for	 reasons	 of	 social	 fulfilment,	 but	 she	 did	 find	 them
fascinating.	And	there	was	nowhere	better	for	seeing	people	than	in	the	rabbit	warrens	of
the	Underground.	All	of	London	passed	through	those	tunnels,	a	steady	flow	of	humanity
in	 its	 many	 weird	 and	 wonderful	 forms,	 and	 among	 them	 Alice	 slipped	 like	 a	 ghost.	 To
age	was	contemptible,	but	the	single	silver	lining	was	the	cloak	of	invisibility	gifted	by	the
years.	Nobody	noticed	the	little	old	lady	sitting	primly	in	a	corner	of	the	carriage,	handbag
on	her	knee.
“Hiya,	Alice,”	Peter	called	up	from	the	kitchen.	“Lunch	in	a	jiffy.”
Alice	 hesitated	 on	 the	 first-floor	 landing	 but	 couldn’t	 bring	 herself	 to	 shout	 back.
Echoes	of	her	mother’s	long-ago	lectures	on	decorum	still	rang	too	loudly	in	her	ears.	That
was	 Eleanor,	 Alice	 thought	 as	 she	 started	 down	 the	 last	 flight	 of	 stairs;	 almost	 seventy
years	 since	 they’d	 lived	 beneath	 the	 same	 roof	 and	 still	 she	 was	 setting	 the	 house	 rules,
even	 here,	 in	 this	 house	 she’d	 never	 laid	 eyes	 on.	 Alice	 wondered	 sometimes,	 had	 her
mother	lived	longer,	what	she	might	have	made	of	her	daughter’s	life,	whether	she’d	have
approved	of	Alice’s	career,	her	clothes,	her	lack	of	a	husband.	Eleanor	had	had	very	firm
ideas	 about	 monogamy	 and	 its	 bonds	 of	 loyalty,	 but	 then	 she’d	 married	 her	 childhood
sweetheart,	 so	 it	 wasn’t	 entirely	 a	 fair	 comparison.	 Mother	 loomed	 so	 large	 in	 the
memories	 Alice	 kept	 of	 childhood,	 was	 so	 much	 a	 figure	 of	 the	 distant	 past,	 that	 it	 was
almost	 impossible	 to	 imagine	 she	 might	 have	 moved	 with	 the	 changing	 times.	 She
remained,	for	Alice,	a	beautiful,	untouchable	lady,	beloved	but	distant,	made	brittle	in	the
end	 by	 loss,	 the	 only	 person	 for	 whom	 Alice	 yearned,	 at	 times,	 with	 the	 fierce,	 bitter
longing	of	a	wounded	child.
She	was	not	otherwise	of	a	needy	disposition.	Alice	had	lived	alone	most	of	her	adult
life,	a	fact	of	which	she	was	neither	proud	nor	ashamed.	She’d	had	lovers,	each	of	whom
had	brought	their	clothes	and	toothbrushes	across	the	threshold,	some	of	whom	had	stayed

for	stretches,	but	it	wasn’t	the	same	thing.	She	had	never	extended	an	official	invitation	or
made	the	mental	transition	to	considering	“my”	house	“ours.”	It	might	have	been	different
—Alice	had	been	engaged	once—but	the	Second	World	War	had	put	paid	to	the	affair	as	it
had	so	many	things.	Life	was	like	that,	doors	of	possibility	constantly	opening	and	closing
as	one	blindly	made	one’s	way	through.
She	reached	the	kitchen	to	find	a	saucepan	steaming	on	the	stovetop	and	Peter	standing
at	 the	 far	 end	 of	 the	 table,	 a	 small	 parcel	 of	 correspondence	 open	 in	 front	 of	 him.	 He
looked	 up	 when	 she	 came	 through	 the	 door	 and	 said,	 “Hello	 there,”	 right	 as	 the	 timer
started	ringing	on	the	benchtop.	“Perfect	timing,	as	always.”
He	had	a	lovely	smile,	did	Peter,	quite	curly,	always	genuine.	It	was	one	of	the	reasons
she’d	 hired	 him.	 That,	 and	 he’d	 been	 the	 only	 applicant	 to	 arrive	 on	 the	 dot	 of	 the
specified	 time.	 He’d	 since	 proven	 himself	 highly	 capable,	 which	 was	 no	 surprise;	 Alice
considered	herself	to	be	an	excellent	judge	of	character.	At	least,	she	did	now.	There	had
been	mistakes	in	the	past,	some	more	regrettable	than	others.
“Anything	 urgent	 among	 them?”	 she	 asked,	 seating	 herself	 in	 front	 of	 the	 newspaper
she’d	left	open	at	the	crossword	puzzle	that	morning.
“Angus	 Wilson	 from	 the	 Guardian,	 hoping	 to	 set	 something	 up	 in	 time	 for	 the
anniversary.	Jane	would	like	you	to	do	it.”
“I	bet	she	would.”	Alice	poured	herself	a	cup	of	freshly	brewed	Darjeeling.
“The	 Natural	 History	 Museum	 asking	 you	 to	 speak	 at	 the	 opening	 of	 an	 exhibition
they’re	planning,	an	invitation	to	attend	the	celebration	evening	for	Death	Will	Have	His
Day’s	ten-year	run,	and	a	card	from	Deborah	confirming	the	appointment	this	Friday	for
your	mother’s	anniversary.	The	rest,	as	far	as	I	can	tell,	are	from	readers—I’ll	get	started
on	those	after	lunch.”
Alice	nodded	as	Peter	set	a	plate	in	front	of	her,	a	boiled	egg	on	toast.	Alice	had	eaten
the	same	lunch	every	day	for	the	past	two	decades—though	not,	of	course,	on	occasions
when	she	dined	out.	She	appreciated	the	efficiency	of	routine	but	she	wasn’t	a	slave	to	it,
not	like	Diggory	Brent,	who’d	been	known	to	instruct	waitresses	on	the	precise	method	of
his	 preferred	 egg	 preparation.	 She	 spooned	 the	 almost-hard	 yolk	 onto	 her	 piece	 of	 toast
and	cut	it	into	quarters,	watching	as	Peter	continued	to	sort	the	mail.
He	 was	 not	 an	 overly	 conversational	 fellow,	 a	 fact	 that	 was	 greatly	 to	 his	 credit.
Exasperating	 when	 she	 sought	 to	 draw	 him	 out	 on	 a	 subject,	 but	 preferable	 to	 the	 more
loquacious	 assistants	 she’d	 had	 in	 the	 past.	 She	 decided	 she	 liked	 his	 hair	 that	 little	 bit
longer.	 With	 his	 lanky	 limbs	 and	 dark-brown	 eyes,	 it	 made	 him	 look	 like	 one	 of	 those
Britpop	 musicians,	 though	 perhaps	 it	 was	 only	 the	 unusually	 formal	 clothing	 he	 was
wearing	today,	the	dark	velvet	suit,	that	made	her	think	so.	And	then	Alice	remembered.
He’d	been	at	his	old	friend’s	funeral,	the	librarian’s,	that’s	why	he	was	late	for	work.	She
felt	somewhat	cheered,	eager	to	have	his	report.	Alice	had	been	struck	when	he	told	her
about	the	woman,	his	mentor.	Her	mind	had	been	cast	back	to	Mr.	Llewellyn.	She	didn’t
think	 of	 the	 old	 man	 often—her	 feelings	 for	 him	 were	 so	 bound	 up	 with	 that	 awful
summer	 she	 made	 a	 point	 not	 to—but	 when	 Peter	 told	 her	 about	 his	 Miss	 Talbot,	 the
lasting	impression	she	had	made	on	him,	the	interest	she’d	taken	in	his	younger	self,	Alice
had	 been	 beset	 with	 unusually	 visceral	 memories:	 the	 smell	 of	 damp	 river	 mud,	 and	 the

plink	 of	 water	 bugs	 all	 around	 them	 as	 they	 drifted	 downstream	 in	 the	 old	 rowing	 boat,
discussing	 their	 favorite	 stories.	 Alice	 was	 quite	 sure	 she’d	 not	 felt	 such	 perfect
contentment	since.
She	took	another	sip	of	tea,	blotting	out	unwelcome	thoughts	of	the	past.	“You	saw	off
your	 friend	 then?”	 It	 was	 his	 first	 funeral,	 he’d	 said,	 and	 Alice	 had	 told	 him	 there’d	 be
plenty	more	to	come.	“Was	it	as	you	expected?”
“I	suppose	so.	Sad,	but	interesting	in	a	way,	too.”
“In	what	way?”
Peter	 considered.	 “I	 only	 ever	 knew	 her	 as	 Miss	 Talbot.	 Hearing	 other	 people	 speak,
though—her	 husband,	 her	 son	 .	 .	 .	 it	 was	 moving.”	 He	 shifted	 the	 fringe	 from	 his	 eyes.
“That	sounds	stupid,	doesn’t	it?	A	cliché	.	.	.”	He	tried	again:	“There	was	more	to	her	than
I	knew	and	I	enjoyed	hearing	it.	People	are	fascinating,	aren’t	they,	the	closer	you	get	to
knowing	what	makes	them	tick?”
Alice	 gave	 a	 slight,	 satisfied	 smile	 of	 agreement.	 She	 had	 found	 there	 were	 very	 few
genuinely	dull	people;	the	trick	was	to	ask	them	the	right	questions.	It	was	a	technique	she
employed	 when	 she	 was	 creating	 characters.	 Everybody	 knew	 that	 the	 best	 guilty
characters	were	those	the	reader	didn’t	suspect,	but	motive	was	key.	It	was	all	very	well	to
surprise	people	with	a	murderous	granny,	but	the	rationale	must	be	watertight.	Love,	hate,
envy,	 each	 was	 as	 plausible	 as	 the	 other;	 it	 was	 all	 a	 matter	 of	 passion.	 Discover	 what
excited	a	person’s	passions	and	the	rest	would	follow.
“Here’s	 something	 a	 bit	 different.”	 Peter	 had	 returned	 to	 his	 work,	 opening	 reader
letters,	and	his	dark	brows	drew	together	in	a	frown	as	he	scanned	the	one	in	hand.
Alice’s	 tea	 was	 suddenly	 bitter.	 One	 was	 never	 entirely	 inured	 to	 criticism.	 “One	 of
those,	is	it?”
“It’s	from	a	police	officer,	Detective	Constable	Sparrow.”
“Ah,	one	of	those.”	In	Alice’s	experience	there	were	two	types	of	police	officer:	those
who	could	be	relied	upon	to	help	with	matters	of	procedure	during	the	creative	process,
and	 the	 other	 blighters	 who	 liked	 to	 read	 the	 books	 and	 point	 out	 problems	 after
publication.	“And	what	pearl	of	procedural	wisdom	does	DC	Sparrow	have	to	share	with
us?”
“No,	it’s	nothing	like	that,	she’s	not	a	reader.	She’s	writing	to	you	about	a	real-life	case,
a	disappearance.”
“Let	me	guess.	She’s	stumbled	upon	a	Great	Idea	and	thought	if	I	wrote	it	we	might	go
halves	on	the	profits?”
“A	missing	child,”	he	continued,	“back	in	the	1930s.	An	estate	in	Cornwall,	a	case	that
was	never	solved.”
And	to	her	dying	day	Alice	would	never	be	able	to	say	for	sure	whether	the	room	grew
cold	 right	 then,	 a	 sudden	 breeze	 off	 the	 heath,	 or	 whether	 it	 was	 her	 own	 internal
thermostat,	 the	 wash	 of	 real	 life,	 the	 past	 hitting	 her	 like	 a	 wave	 that	 had	 drawn	 back	 a
long	time	ago	and	been	waiting	for	the	tide	to	turn.	For	of	course	she	knew	exactly	what

the	letter	was	about,	and	that	it	had	nothing	at	all	to	do	with	the	neat	made-up	mysteries
she	put	inside	her	books.
Such	 an	 ordinary	 piece	 of	 paper,	 Alice	 noticed,	 flimsy	 and	 cheap,	 not	 at	 all	 the	 sort
readers	usually	chose	when	they	wrote	to	her,	certainly	not	the	type	with	which	she’d	have
furnished	 a	 character	 in	 one	 of	 her	 novels,	 charged	 with	 delivering	 such	 a	 potent
detonation	from	the	past.
Peter	 was	 reading	 aloud	 now,	 and	 although	 Alice	 would	 have	 liked	 him	 not	 to,	 the
words	 to	 say	 so	 had	 dried	 up.	 She	 listened	 as	 he	 delivered	 an	 efficient	 summary	 of	 the
known	 circumstances	 surrounding	 the	 long-ago	 case.	 Sourced	 from	 the	 newspaper	 files,
Alice	supposed,	or	that	deplorable	book	by	that	Pickering	fellow.	And	there	was	nothing
to	stop	people	from	accessing	public	records,	from	sending	letters	out	of	the	blue	to	those
they’d	never	met,	from	bringing	the	pernicious	past	to	the	lunch	table	of	a	person	who’d
done	everything	she	could	to	avoid	ever	going	back	to	that	place,	that	time.
“She	seems	to	think	you’ll	know	what	she’s	talking	about?”
Images	 fell	 inside	 her	 mind,	 one	 after	 the	 other,	 like	 cards	 being	 dealt	 from	 a	 pack:
searchers	knee-deep	in	the	glistening	lake;	that	fat	policeman	sweating	in	the	fetid	heat	of
the	 library,	 his	 green	 young	 deputy	 taking	 notes;	 her	 father	 and	 mother,	 ashen-faced,	 as
they	fronted	the	local	news	photographer.	She	could	almost	feel	herself	pressed	against	the
French	doors	watching	them,	sick	with	the	secret	she	hadn’t	been	able	to	make	herself	tell,
the	guilt	she’d	nursed	deep	inside	ever	since.
Alice	 noticed	 that	 her	 hand	 was	 shaking	 very	 slightly	 and	 urged	 herself	 to	 remember
the	fact	for	when	she	next	needed	to	depict	the	bodily	effects	of	shock,	its	ice	wash	hitting
a	person	who	had,	over	a	lifetime,	schooled	herself	in	the	appearance	of	composure.	She
moved	 her	 treacherous	 hands	 into	 her	 lap,	 pressing	 one	 firmly	 over	 the	 other,	 and	 said
with	an	imperious	jut	of	the	chin,	“Put	it	in	the	bin.”	Her	tone	was	surprisingly	even;	there
were	very	few	people	left	alive	who’d	have	marked	the	faint	note	of	underlying	tension.
“You	don’t	want	me	to	do	anything?	Not	even	to	write	back?”
“No	point,	is	there?”	Alice	kept	her	gaze	direct.	“I’m	afraid	this	DC	Sparrow’s	made	a
mistake.	She	has	me	confused	with	someone	else.”

7
CORNWALL,	JUNE	25,	1933

The	 man	 was	 talking.	 His	 mouth	 was	 moving,	 words	 were	 swarming,	 but	 Eleanor
couldn’t	 catch	 them,	 not	 in	 a	 way	 that	 made	 sense.	 Just	 one	 here	 and	 another	 there:
missing	.	.	.	wandering	.	.	.	lost	.	.	.	Her	mind	was	a	fog,	a	blessed	fog;	Dr.	Gibbons	had
seen	to	that.
A	 trickle	 of	 perspiration	 slipped	 beneath	 her	 collar,	 finding	 its	 way	 between	 her
shoulder	 blades.	 The	 cool	 of	 it	 made	 her	 shiver,	 and	 Anthony,	 sitting	 beside	 her,
strengthened	his	gentle	hold.	His	hand	rested	on	hers,	large	upon	small,	eminently	familiar
and	 yet	 today	 rendered	 foreign	 by	 the	 nightmarish	 turn	 of	 events.	 There	 were	 features
she’d	 never	 noticed	 before,	 hairs	 and	 lines	 and	 pale-blue	 veins,	 like	 roads	 on	 a	 map
beneath	his	skin.
The	heat	had	held.	The	storm	that	threatened	had	never	come.	The	thunder	had	rumbled
all	night	before	rolling	out	to	sea.	Just	as	well,	the	policeman	had	said,	for	rain	would	have
washed	away	the	clues.	The	same	policeman,	the	younger	one,	had	told	them	speaking	to
the	 newspaper	 would	 help.	 “We’ll	 have	 a	 thousand	 pairs	 of	 eyes	 that	 way,	 all	 on	 the
lookout	for	your	boy.”
Eleanor	 was	 sick	 with	 worry,	 immobilized	 by	 fear;	 it	 was	 a	 relief	 that	 Anthony	 was
answering	the	reporter’s	questions.	She	could	hear	his	voice,	as	if	from	a	great	distance.
Yes,	the	boy	was	young,	not	quite	eleven	months,	but	he’d	walked	early—all	the	Edevane
children	 had	 walked	 early.	 He	 was	 a	 bonny	 child,	 strong	 and	 healthy	 .	 .	 .	 his	 hair	 was
blond	and	his	eyes	were	blue	.	.	.	of	course	they’d	be	able	to	supply	a	photograph.
Through	the	window,	Eleanor	could	see	all	the	way	across	the	sunny	garden	to	the	lake.
There	were	men	there,	policemen	in	their	uniforms,	and	others,	too,	men	she	didn’t	know.
Most	were	standing	together	on	the	grassy	bank	but	some	were	out	on	the	water.	The	lake
was	 as	 smooth	 as	 glass	 today,	 a	 great	 silver	 mirror	 with	 a	 dull	 impression	 of	 the	 sky
rippling	on	it.	The	ducks	had	fled	the	water,	but	a	man	in	a	black	diving	suit	and	mask	had
been	searching	from	a	small	rowing	boat	all	morning.	They	did	that	before	they	used	the
hooks,	Eleanor	had	heard	someone	say.
When	she	was	a	girl,	she’d	had	a	little	boat	all	her	own.	Her	father	had	bought	it	for	her
and	painted	her	name	on	the	side.	It	had	a	set	of	wooden	oars	and	a	hand-fashioned	white
sail	 and	 she’d	 taken	 it	 out	 most	 mornings.	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 had	 called	 her	 Eleanor	 the
Adventuress,	waving	from	behind	his	sketchpad	on	the	overgrown	bank	as	she	sailed	past
him,	inventing	stories	about	her	travels	that	he	told	them	over	lunch,	making	Eleanor	clap
and	her	father	laugh	and	her	mother	smile	with	grim	impatience.
Mother	 despised	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 and	 his	 stories.	 She	 hated	 any	 sort	 of	 softness	 in	 a
person,	“weakness	of	character”	she	called	it,	and	he	was	certainly	a	far	gentler	soul	than

she.	 He’d	 had	 a	 breakdown	 when	 they	 were	 younger	 and	 still	 suffered	 bouts	 of
melancholy;	Constance	greeted	such	occasions	with	contempt.	She	also	loathed	what	she
saw	as	the	“unhealthy	attention”	her	husband	lavished	on	their	daughter.	Such	focus,	she
insisted,	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 spoil	 a	 child,	 particularly	 one	 already	 in	 possession	 of	 “a
worrying	 spirit	 of	 mutiny.”	 Besides,	 there	 were	 better	 things,	 surely,	 that	 he	 could	 have
spent	his	money	on.	This	was	a	common	refrain	between	them,	money	or	the	lack	thereof,
the	 disparity	 between	 the	 life	 they	 led	 and	 that	 which	 Eleanor’s	 mother	 wished	 them	 to
lead.	Many	nights	Eleanor	heard	them	arguing	in	the	library,	her	mother’s	sharp	tone	and
her	 father’s	 soft,	 placatory	 replies.	 She	 wondered	 sometimes	 how	 he	 stood	 the	 constant
criticism.	“Love,”	Mr.	Llewellyn	had	said	when	she	ventured	as	much	to	him.	“We	do	not
always	 have	 a	 choice	 in	 where	 and	 how	 and	 whom,	 and	 love	 gives	 us	 the	 courage	 to
withstand	that	which	we	never	thought	we	could.”
“Mrs.	Edevane?”
Eleanor	 opened	 her	 eyes	 and	 found	 herself	 inside	 the	 library.	 She	 was	 on	 the	 sofa,
Anthony	beside	her,	his	large	hand	still	protectively	over	hers.	She	was	briefly	surprised	to
see	a	man	sitting	across	from	them	with	a	small	spiral-ringed	notepad	in	hand	and	a	pencil
behind	his	ear.	Reality	came	funneling	back.
He	was	a	reporter.	Here	to	talk	about	Theo.
Her	 arms	 were	 suddenly	 heavy	 with	 her	 baby’s	 absence.	 She	 remembered	 that	 first
night	when	it	had	been	just	the	two	of	them.	He’d	been	the	only	one	of	her	four	children	to
arrive	early,	and	she	could	feel	his	heels	moving	against	her	hand	as	she	cradled	him,	the
same	little	marble	joints	she’d	felt	only	days	before	through	the	skin	of	her	belly.	She’d
whispered	to	him	in	the	dark,	promised	she	would	always	keep	him	safe—
“Mrs.	Edevane?”
With	 Theo	 it	 was	 different	 from	 the	 start.	 Eleanor	 had	 loved	 all	 her	 babies—not
perhaps,	 if	 she	 were	 honest,	 at	 first	 sight,	 but	 certainly	 by	 the	 time	 they	 took	 their	 first
steps—but	 with	 Theo	 it	 was	 more	 than	 love.	 She	 cherished	 him.	 After	 his	 birth	 she’d
taken	him	into	her	bed,	swaddled	in	his	blanket,	and	she’d	looked	into	his	eyes	and	seen
there	all	the	wisdom	babies	were	born	with	before	it	slips	away.	He	stared	back,	trying	to
tell	her	the	secrets	of	the	cosmos,	his	little	mouth	opening	and	closing	around	words	he
didn’t	 yet	 know,	 or	 perhaps	 no	 longer	 remembered.	 It	 reminded	 her	 of	 when	 her	 father
died.	 He’d	 done	 the	 same	 thing,	 staring	 at	 her	 with	 bottomless	 eyes,	 filled	 with	 all	 the
things	he’d	never	now	have	the	chance	to	say.
“Mrs.	Edevane,	the	photographer	is	going	to	take	your	picture.”	Eleanor	blinked.	The
reporter.	His	notepad	made	her	think	of	Alice.	Where	was	she?	And	where	were	Deborah
and	Clemmie,	for	that	matter?	Someone,	presumably,	was	taking	care	of	the	girls.	Not	her
mother,	but	Mr.	Llewellyn,	perhaps?	That	would	explain	why	she	hadn’t	seen	him	yet	this
morning:	he	must’ve	stepped	in	to	help	with	the	girls,	keeping	them	out	of	trouble’s	path
just	as	she’d	asked	him	to	do	in	the	past.
“Right	 then,	 Mr.	 and	 Mrs.	 Edevane.”	 A	 second	 man,	 portly,	 red	 with	 heat,	 waved	 a
hand	from	behind	his	tripod.	“Look	this	way,	if	you	wouldn’t	mind.”

Eleanor	was	used	to	having	her	picture	taken—she	was	the	little	girl	from	the	fairy	tale
and	had	been	painted,	sketched,	and	photographed	all	her	life—but	now	she	flinched.	She
wanted	to	lie	down	in	the	dark	and	close	her	eyes,	to	stay	that	way	and	talk	to	no	one	until
things	were	right	again.	She	was	tired,	unthinkably	tired.
“Come,	my	love.”	Anthony’s	voice,	kind	and	quiet	by	her	ear.	“Let’s	get	this	over	with.
I	have	your	hand.”
“It’s	so	hot,”	she	whispered	in	reply.	The	silk	of	her	blouse	was	sticking	to	her	back;
her	skirt	worried	at	her	waist	where	the	seams	gathered.
“Look	this	way,	Mrs.	Edevane.”
“I	can’t	breathe,	Anthony.	I	need—”
“I’m	here,	I’m	with	you.	I’ll	always	be	here	with	you.”
“Ready,	 and	 .	 .	 .”	 The	 photographer’s	 flash	 burst	 with	 white	 light,	 and	 as	 Eleanor’s
sight	starred,	she	thought	she	saw	a	figure	by	the	French	doors.	Alice,	she	was	sure	of	it,
standing	very	still,	watching.
“Alice,”	she	said,	blinking	her	dazzled	vision	clear.	“Alice?”
But	then	a	cry	came	from	the	lake,	a	man’s	voice,	loud	and	sharp,	and	the	reporter	leapt
from	 his	 chair	 and	 hurried	 to	 the	 window.	 Anthony	 stood	 and	 Eleanor	 did	 the	 same,
stumbling	 on	 legs	 that	 were	 suddenly	 weak,	 waiting	 as	 time	 seemed	 to	 stand	 still,	 until
finally	the	young	reporter	turned	and	shook	his	head.
“False	 alarm,”	 he	 said,	 excitement	 giving	 way	 to	 disappointment	 as	 he	 took	 out	 a
handkerchief	to	wipe	his	brow.	“Just	an	old	boot,	not	a	body	at	all.”
Eleanor’s	knees	threatened	to	give	way.	She	turned	back	towards	the	French	doors,	but
Alice	was	no	longer	there.	She	caught,	instead,	the	eyes	of	her	own	reflection	in	the	mirror
by	 the	 mantelpiece.	 She	 almost	 didn’t	 recognize	 herself.	 The	 careful	 poise	 of	 “Mother”
was	 gone	 and	 instead	 she	 found	 herself	 face	 to	 face	 with	 a	 girl	 who	 used	 to	 live	 in	 this
house	a	long	time	ago,	unmannered,	wild,	exposed;	a	girl	she’d	almost	forgotten.
“That’s	enough.”	Anthony’s	voice	came	sharply,	suddenly.	Her	love,	her	savior.	“Have
some	pity,	man,	my	wife	is	in	shock,	her	child	is	gone.	This	interview	is	over.”
Eleanor	was	floating.
“I	assure	you,	Mr.	Edevane,	they’re	very	powerful	barbiturates.	Just	one	will	be	enough
to	keep	her	sleeping	all	afternoon.”
“Thank	you,	Doctor.	She’s	been	beside	herself.”
She	knew	that	voice;	it	was	Anthony’s.
And	 now	 the	 other	 one	 again,	 the	 doctor:	 “I’m	 not	 surprised.	 Terrible	 business,	 just
terrible.”
“The	police	are	doing	everything	they	can.”
“They’re	confident	they’ll	find	him?”

“We	must	stay	positive	and	trust	they	will	do	their	best.”
Her	husband’s	hand	was	on	her	forehead	now,	warm,	firm,	smoothing	her	hair.	Eleanor
tried	to	speak,	but	her	mouth	was	lazy	and	the	words	wouldn’t	come.
He	hushed	her.	“There,	my	love.	Sleep	now.”
His	voice	was	everywhere,	all	around	her	like	the	voice	of	God.	Her	body	was	heavy
but	 slow,	 as	 if	 she	 were	 sinking	 through	 clouds.	 Falling,	 falling,	 backwards	 through	 the
layers	 of	 her	 life.	 Before	 she	 became	 Mother,	 before	 she	 came	 home	 to	 Loeanneth,
through	 the	 summer	 she	 met	 Anthony,	 back	 beyond	 the	 loss	 of	 her	 father,	 and	 into	 the
long,	boundless	stretch	of	her	childhood.	She	had	a	vague	sense	that	something	was	lost
and	she	ought	to	be	looking	for	it,	but	her	brain	was	sluggish	and	she	couldn’t	grasp	the
thing.	 It	 was	 eluding	 her,	 like	 a	 tiger,	 a	 yellow-and-black	 tiger,	 slinking	 away	 from	 her
through	 the	 long	 strands	 of	 the	 meadow.	 It	 was	 the	 Loeanneth	 meadow,	 the	 woods	 dark
and	glistening	in	the	distance,	and	Eleanor	reached	out	her	hands	to	brush	the	tips	of	the
grass.
There	was	a	tiger	in	Eleanor’s	bedroom	when	she	was	small.	His	name	was	Zephyr	and	he
lived	 beneath	 her	 bed.	 He’d	 come	 with	 them	 from	 the	 big	 house,	 smuggled	 out	 in	 the
move,	 a	 little	 the	 worse	 for	 wear,	 his	 proud	 coat	 reeking	 of	 smoke.	 Her	 father’s	 father,
Horace,	had	captured	him	in	Africa,	in	the	great	time	of	before.	Eleanor	had	heard	about
the	time	of	before,	stories	that	her	father	told	her	from	when	the	estate	was	large	and	the
deShiels	lived	in	a	grand	house	with	twenty-eight	bedrooms	and	a	coach	house	filled	not
with	pumpkins	but	with	real	coaches,	some	of	them	decorated	with	gold.	Not	much	was
left	now,	only	the	burned	shell	of	the	house,	too	far	away	from	Loeanneth	to	be	seen.	But
it	was	Mr.	Llewellyn	who’d	told	her	the	story	of	the	tiger	and	the	pearl.
When	 she	 was	 a	 girl,	 Eleanor	 had	 completely	 believed	 the	 tale.	 That	 Zephyr	 brought
her	 back	 from	 Africa	 with	 him,	 a	 pearl	 that	 he’d	 swallowed,	 that	 had	 remained	 hidden
deep	within	his	jaw	when	he	was	shot,	skinned,	sold,	and	shipped,	during	the	decades	his
pelt	 was	 put	 on	 proud	 display	 at	 the	 big	 house	 and	 through	 his	 subsequent	 repair	 to
reduced	circumstances	at	the	Lake	House.	It	was	there,	one	day,	when	the	tiger’s	head	was
tilted	 just	 so,	 that	 the	 pearl	 rolled	 out	 of	 his	 lifeless	 mouth	 and	 became	 lost	 in	 the	 long
weave	of	the	library	carpet.	It	was	trodden	on,	bypassed,	and	all	but	forgotten,	until	one
dark	night,	while	the	household	slept,	it	was	found	by	fairies	on	a	mission	of	theft.	They
took	 the	 pearl	 deep	 into	 the	 woods,	 where	 it	 was	 laid	 on	 a	 bed	 of	 leaves,	 studied	 and
pondered	and	tentatively	stroked,	before	being	stolen	by	a	bird,	who	mistook	it	for	an	egg.
High	in	the	treetops,	the	pearl	began	to	grow	and	grow	and	grow,	until	the	bird	became
frightened	that	her	own	eggs	would	be	crushed	and	she	rolled	the	argent	orb	back	down
the	side	of	the	tree,	where	it	landed	with	a	soft	thud	on	a	bed	of	leaf	fall.	There,	in	the	light
of	 the	 full	 moon,	 surrounded	 by	 curious	 fairy	 folk,	 the	 egg	 began	 to	 hatch	 and	 a	 baby
emerged.	The	fairies	gathered	nectar	to	feed	her	and	took	turns	rocking	the	babe	to	sleep,
but	soon	no	amount	of	nectar	was	enough,	and	even	fairy	magic	could	not	keep	the	child
content.	 A	 meeting	 was	 held	 and	 it	 was	 decided	 the	 woods	 were	 no	 place	 for	 a	 human
child	 and	 she	 must	 be	 returned	 to	 the	 house,	 laid	 on	 the	 doorstep	 in	 a	 wrap	 of	 woven
leaves.

As	far	as	Eleanor	was	concerned,	it	explained	everything:	why	she	felt	such	an	affinity
with	the	woods,	why	she’d	always	been	able	to	glimpse	the	fairies	in	the	meadows	where
other	 people	 saw	 only	 grass,	 why	 birds	 had	 gathered	 on	 the	 ledge	 outside	 the	 nursery
window	 when	 she	 was	 an	 infant.	 It	 also	 explained	 the	 fierce	 tiger	 rage	 that	 welled	 up
inside	her	at	times,	that	made	her	spit	and	scream	and	stomp,	so	that	Nanny	Bruen	hissed
and	told	her	she’d	come	to	no	good	if	she	didn’t	learn	to	control	herself.	Mr.	Llewellyn,	on
the	other	hand,	said	there	were	worse	things	in	life	than	a	temper,	that	it	only	proved	one
had	an	opinion.	And	a	pulse,	he	added,	the	alternative	to	which	was	dire!	He	said	a	girl
like	Eleanor	would	do	well	to	keep	the	coals	of	her	impudence	warm,	for	society	would
seek	to	cool	them	soon	enough.	Eleanor	put	a	lot	of	stock	in	the	things	Mr.	Llewellyn	said.
He	wasn’t	like	the	other	grown-ups.
Eleanor	 did	 not	 make	 a	 habit	 of	 telling	 people	 the	 story	 of	 her	 birth—unlike	 Eleanor’s
Magic	Doorway,	which	had	been	turned	into	a	book	for	children	everywhere,	“The	Tiger
and	 the	 Pearl”	 was	 hers	 and	 hers	 alone—but	 when	 she	 was	 eight	 years	 old,	 her	 cousin
Beatrice	 came	 with	 her	 parents	 on	 a	 visit	 to	 Loeanneth.	 This	 was	 not	 usual.	 Eleanor’s
mother,	 Constance,	 did	 not,	 as	 a	 rule,	 get	 on	 with	 her	 sister,	 Vera.	 With	 eleven	 months
between	 them,	 the	 two	 had	 always	 been	 competitive,	 their	 entire	 lives	 comprising	 a
tournament	 of	 minor	 sibling	 battles,	 the	 culmination	 of	 one	 leading	 necessarily	 to	 the
commencement	of	another.	Constance’s	marriage	to	Henri	deShiel,	a	seeming	triumph	at
its	start,	had	been	tarnished	irreparably	when	her	sister	(younger!)	made	a	vastly	superior
match	with	a	newly	minted	Scottish	earl	who’d	dug	a	fortune	out	of	the	ground	in	Africa.
The	sisters	had	not	spoken	for	five	years	afterwards,	but	now,	it	seemed,	a	shaky	truce	had
been	achieved.
One	rainy	day,	the	girls	had	been	sent	to	the	nursery,	where	Eleanor	was	trying	to	read
Edmund	Spenser’s	The	Faerie	Queene	(it	was	Mr.	Llewellyn’s	favorite	and	she	wanted	to
impress	him)	and	Beatrice	was	finishing	her	latest	tapestry.	Eleanor	had	been	away	with
her	 thoughts	 when	 a	 terrified	 squeal	 made	 her	 lose	 her	 rhythm	 altogether.	 Beatrice	 was
standing	bolt	upright,	pointing	beneath	the	bed	with	tears	lacquering	her	blotched	face.	“A
monster	.	.	.	my	needle	.	.	.	I	dropped	.	.	.	and	there’s	.	.	.	I	saw	.	.	.	a	monster!”	Eleanor
realized	at	once	what	had	happened	and	pulled	Zephyr	from	beneath	her	bed,	explaining
that	he	was	her	treasure,	kept	concealed	only	so	he	might	be	saved	from	Mother’s	wrath.
Beatrice,	still	gulping	and	sniffing,	was	so	pink-eyed	and	snotty	that	Eleanor	felt	sorry	for
her.	The	rain	was	drumming	against	the	window,	the	world	outside	was	cold	and	gray:	the
perfect	conditions	for	storytelling.	And	so	she	encouraged	her	cousin	to	sit	beside	her	on
the	 bed	 and	 explained	 all	 about	 the	 pearl	 and	 the	 woods	 and	 her	 unusual	 arrival	 at
Loeanneth.	Beatrice	had	laughed	when	she	finished	and	said	that	it	was	a	fun	tale	and	well
told,	but	surely	she	must	know	she	came	from	inside	her	mother’s	stomach.	It	had	been
Eleanor’s	 turn	 then	 to	 laugh,	 in	 delight,	 but	 more	 than	 that,	 surprise.	 Beatrice	 was	 a
doughy,	ordinary	sort	of	girl	with	a	penchant	for	lace	and	ribbons,	resolutely	simple,	not
given	to	fancy	or	storytelling.	To	think	that	she	could	concoct	such	a	wild	and	wonderful
tale!	 Her	 mother’s	 stomach	 indeed!	 Eleanor’s	 mother	 was	 tall	 and	 lean,	 winched	 and
cinched	each	morning	into	dresses	that	never	wrinkled	and	certainly	didn’t	stretch.	It	was
unthinkable	that	anything	could	possibly	have	grown	inside	her.	Not	a	pearl,	and	certainly
not	Eleanor.

The	 story	 made	 Eleanor	 warm	 to	 Beatrice	 and	 despite	 their	 differences	 the	 two	 girls
started	 to	 become	 friends.	 Eleanor	 didn’t	 have	 many	 friends,	 only	 her	 father	 and	 Mr.
Llewellyn,	 and	 the	 novelty	 of	 a	 girl	 of	 her	 own	 age	 to	 play	 with	 was	 enormous.	 She
showed	 her	 cousin	 all	 her	 special	 places.	 The	 trout	 stream	 in	 the	 woods;	 the	 bend	 in	 it
where	 the	 water	 suddenly	 deepened;	 the	 tallest	 tree,	 from	 which,	 if	 one	 climbed	 all	 the
way	to	the	top,	the	burned	shell	of	the	big	house	could	be	glimpsed	in	the	distance.	She
even	gave	Beatrice	a	tour	of	the	old	boathouse,	beloved	setting	of	all	her	most	important
pastimes.	She	had	thought	they	were	having	a	grand	visit,	until	one	night,	lying	in	their
twin	beds,	her	cousin	said,	“But	you	must	get	so	lonely	here,	just	you,	by	yourself,	in	the
middle	of	nowhere	with	nothing	to	do.”	Eleanor	had	been	struck	by	the	wrong-headedness
of	the	description.	How	could	Beatrice	say	such	a	thing	when	there	was	so	much	to	do	at
Loeanneth?	 Clearly,	 it	 was	 time	 to	 introduce	 her	 cousin	 to	 her	 favorite	 and	 most	 secret
game.
Before	 daybreak	 the	 next	 morning,	 she	 shook	 Beatrice	 awake,	 signaled	 to	 her	 to	 be
quiet,	and	then	led	her	down	to	the	lake	where	the	trees	grew	wild	and	the	eels	slithered	in
the	 shadowy	 depths.	 There,	 she	 initiated	 her	 cousin	 into	 the	 ongoing	 Adventures	 of
Grandfather	Horace.	The	great	man’s	diaries	were	upstairs	in	the	study,	tied	together	with
a	yellow	ribbon.	She	wasn’t	supposed	to	know	they	were	there,	but	Eleanor	was	always	in
trouble	for	going	places	that	were	out	of	bounds,	for	listening	to	things	she	ought	not	to
hear,	 and	 she	 knew	 them	 all	 by	 heart.	 She	 reenacted	 the	 ones	 he’d	 described,	 his	 trips
through	Peru	and	Africa	and	over	the	ice	in	northern	Canada;	others	she	made	up.	Now,
with	 the	 help	 of	 Zephyr,	 she	 performed	 for	 Beatrice’s	 edification	 and	 entertainment	 her
pièce	de	résistance,	the	old	man’s	grisly	death,	as	detailed	in	the	letter	addressed	to	“whom
it	may	concern”	and	tucked	inside	the	back	cover	of	the	final,	unfinished	diary.	Beatrice
looked	 on	 wide-eyed,	 and	 then	 clapped	 and	 laughed,	 and	 said	 with	 cheerful	 admiration,
“No	wonder	your	mother	says	you’re	a	little	savage.”
“Does	she?”	Eleanor	blinked,	surprised	and	rather	pleased	by	the	unexpectedness	of	the
description.
“She	told	my	mother	she	despaired	of	ever	having	you	fit	for	London.”
“London?”	Eleanor	wrinkled	her	nose.	“But	I’m	not	going	to	London.”	She’d	heard	the
word	before—London,	rhymes	with	undone.	Whenever	her	parents	argued,	the	word	was
parried	 like	 a	 sword.	 “I’m	 fading	 away	 in	 this	 godforsaken	 place,”	 Eleanor’s	 mother
would	 say.	 “I	 want	 to	 go	 to	 London.	 I	 know	 that	 frightens	 you,	 Henri,	 but	 it’s	 where	 I
belong.	I	should	be	mixing	with	the	right	sort	of	people.	Don’t	forget	I	was	invited	to	the
palace	once	when	I	was	young!”
Eleanor	had	heard	that	particular	story	a	thousand	times	and	so	paid	it	no	heed.	She	had
been	 curious,	 though:	 she’d	 never	 known	 her	 father	 to	 be	 frightened	 of	 anything,	 and
imagined	London	the	home	of	lawlessness	and	mayhem.	“It’s	a	big	city,”	he’d	said	when
she	asked	him,	“full	of	motorcars	and	omnibuses	and	people.”
Eleanor	had	sensed	the	unspoken	shadow	behind	his	answer.	“And	temptations?”
He’d	looked	up	swiftly,	his	eyes	searching	hers.	“Now,	where	did	you	hear	a	thing	like
that?”

Eleanor	had	shrugged	artlessly.	The	word	had	come	from	her	father’s	own	lips,	when
he	 and	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 were	 talking	 by	 the	 boathouse	 and	 she	 was	 stealing	 wild
strawberries	from	the	bushes	beside	the	stream.
He’d	sighed.	“For	some.	Yes.	A	place	of	temptations.”
And	 he’d	 looked	 so	 sad	 that	 Eleanor	 put	 her	 small	 hand	 in	 his	 and	 said	 vehemently,
“I’m	never	going	there.	I’m	never	leaving	Loeanneth.”
She	said	the	same	thing	now	to	cousin	Beatrice,	who	smiled	at	her	in	much	the	same
fond,	pitying	way	her	father	had.	“Well,	of	course	you	will,	silly.	How	are	you	ever	going
to	find	a	husband	living	in	a	place	like	this?”
Eleanor	didn’t	want	to	go	to	London	and	she	didn’t	want	to	find	a	husband,	but	in	1911,
when	she	was	sixteen	years	old,	she	did	both.	She	hadn’t	meant	to.	Her	father	was	dead,
Loeanneth	had	been	placed	in	the	hands	of	an	estate	agent,	and	her	mother	had	taken	her
to	 London	 in	 order	 to	 marry	 her	 off	 to	 the	 highest	 bidder.	 In	 her	 fury	 and	 impotence,
Eleanor	had	steadfastly	promised	herself	not	to	fall	in	love.	They	were	staying	with	Aunt
Vera	in	a	large	house	on	the	fringe	of	Mayfair.	It	had	been	decided	Beatrice	and	Eleanor
should	take	part	in	the	Season	together	and,	predictably	enough	for	Constance	and	Vera,
the	sibling	battle	lines	had	been	drawn	around	the	marriage	prospects	of	their	respective
daughters.
So	it	was,	on	a	fine	afternoon	in	late	June,	in	a	second-story	London	bedroom,	with	a
summer’s	day	turning	to	haze	outside	the	window,	a	lady’s	maid	with	perspiration	beading
on	her	brow	pulled	at	her	recalcitrant	subject’s	bodice	and	said,	“Stand	still,	Miss	Eleanor.
I’ll	never	give	you	a	bosom	if	you	don’t	jolly	well	stand	still.”
None	of	the	maids	enjoyed	dressing	Eleanor;	she	knew	this	for	a	fact.	There	was	a	nook
in	the	library	with	a	vent	behind	it	connecting	to	the	cupboard	where	the	housemaids	went
to	avoid	the	butler.	Eleanor	had	overheard	them	when	she	was	doing	her	own	bit	of	hiding
from	 her	 mother.	 Accompanied	 by	 a	 faint	 waft	 of	 cigarette	 smoke,	 she’d	 caught	 the
following:	“Never	stands	still	.	.	.”;	“Stains	on	her	clothes!”;	“With	a	bit	of	effort	.	.	.”;	“If
she’d	only	try	.	.	.”;	“But	dearie	me,	that	hair!”
Eleanor	stared	now	at	her	reflection.	Her	hair	was	wild,	it	always	had	been,	a	mess	of
dark	 brown	 ripples	 that	 resisted	 all	 attempts	 to	 tame	 it.	 The	 effect,	 in	 combination	 with
stubbornly	 lean	 limbs	 and	 a	 habit	 of	 studious	 wide-eyed	 focus,	 was	 resolutely
uncoquettish.	Her	nature,	she’d	been	given	to	understand,	was	similarly	defective.	Nanny
Bruen	had	been	fond	of	clicking	her	tongue	and	lamenting	aloud	“the	sparing	of	rod”	and
“unfettered	 feeding	 of	 a	 wicked	 passion”	 that	 had	 allowed	 the	 child	 to	 develop	 into	 “a
disappointment	to	Mother”	and,	worse,	“to	God!”	God’s	feelings	remained	a	mystery,	but
Eleanor’s	mother’s	disappointment	was	written	all	over	her	face.
Speak	of	the	devil:	Constance	deShiel	arrived	at	the	bedroom	door	dressed	in	her	finest,
her	hair	(neat,	blond,	smooth)	piled	on	top	of	her	head	in	elaborate	curls,	jewels	dripping
from	 her	 neck.	 Eleanor	 bared	 her	 teeth.	 The	 sale	 of	 jewels	 like	 that	 would	 have	 saved
Loeanneth.	 Her	 mother	 waved	 the	 maid	 aside	 and	 took	 over	 lacing	 Eleanor’s	 stays.	 She
pulled	with	enough	vigor	to	make	Eleanor	gasp,	and	launched	directly	into	a	recitation	of

the	 eligible	 young	 men	 who’d	 be	 at	 the	 Rothschild	 dance	 that	 night.	 It	 was	 difficult	 to
believe	 this	 was	 the	 same	 person	 who’d	 resolutely	 refused	 to	 answer	 Father’s	 questions
about	extravagant	purchases,	claiming	airily,	“You	know	I	haven’t	a	head	for	details.”	The
summary	 was	 exhaustive,	 no	 feature	 of	 any	 prospective	 suitor	 deemed	 too	 petty	 for
inclusion.
No	 doubt	 there	 were	 some	 mothers	 and	 daughters	 for	 whom	 this	 routine	 would	 have
proved	 enjoyable;	 Eleanor	 and	 Constance	 deShiel,	 however,	 were	 not	 among	 them.	 Her
mother	 was	 a	 stranger	 to	 Eleanor,	 a	 cold,	 distant	 figure	 who’d	 never	 liked	 her.	 Eleanor
wasn’t	 sure	 why,	 exactly	 (there’d	 been	 whispers	 between	 the	 servants	 at	 Loeanneth	 that
the	 mistress	 had	 always	 wanted	 a	 son)	 and	 she	 didn’t	 particularly	 care.	 The	 feeling	 was
mutual.	There	was	a	manic	edge	to	Constance’s	enthusiasm	today.	Cousin	Beatrice	(who
in	 the	 intervening	 years	 had	 developed	 a	 buxom	 figure	 and	 an	 unhealthy	 addiction	 to
Elinor	Glyn	novels)	had	been	mentioned	in	the	most	recent	Court	Circular	and	suddenly
the	contest	had	become	a	great	deal	more	urgent.
“.	 .	 .	 the	 eldest	 son	 of	 a	 viscount,”	 Constance	 was	 saying.	 “His	 grandfather	 made	 a
fortune	 in	 some	 sort	 of	 deal	 with	 the	 East	 India	 Trading	 Company	 .	 .	 .	 fabulously
wealthy	.	.	.	stocks	and	bonds	.	.	.	American	interests	.	.	.”
Eleanor	 frowned	 at	 her	 own	 reflection,	 hating	 the	 way	 these	 conversations	 implied
collusion.	These	words,	these	clothes,	these	expectations	were	constraints	from	which	she
longed	to	escape.	She	didn’t	belong	here	in	this	London	of	stucco	and	paving	stones;	of
morning	 dress	 fittings	 at	 Madame	 Lucille’s	 in	 Hanover	 Square	 and	 afternoon	 carriages
delivering	 white	 appointment	 cards	 arranging	 yet	 another	 round	 of	 tea	 and	 chatter.	 She
cared	 not	 a	 jot	 for	 the	 fervent	 advice	 doled	 out	 by	 The	 Lady	 magazine	 on	 servant
management,	home	decoration,	and	what	to	do	with	superfluous	nasal	hair.
Her	hand	went	to	the	chain	she	wore	around	her	neck,	the	pendant	she	kept	concealed
beneath	her	clothing—not	a	locket,	but	a	tiger’s	tooth	set	in	silver,	a	gift	from	her	father.
Caressing	its	familiar	smooth	edges,	she	let	her	vision	glaze	so	she	no	longer	saw	herself,
only	 a	 vaguely	 human	 shape.	 As	 her	 outline	 wavered,	 so	 did	 her	 concentration.	 Her
mother’s	voice	became	a	faint	background	drone,	until	suddenly	she	was	no	longer	in	this
room	 in	 London,	 but	 at	 home,	 her	 real	 home,	 Loeanneth,	 sitting	 by	 the	 stream	 with	 her
father	and	Mr.	Llewellyn,	everything	right	with	the	world.
That	night,	Eleanor	stood	on	the	edge	of	the	dance	floor	watching	her	mother	twirl	by.	It
was	 grotesque	 the	 way	 Constance	 gamboled	 around	 the	 ballroom,	 lips	 large	 and	 red,
bosom	heaving,	jewels	twinkling	as	she	waltzed	and	laughed	with	one	pink-faced	partner
after	another.	Why	couldn’t	she	be	like	all	the	other	dutiful	dowagers?	Take	her	place	on	a
seat	against	the	wall	and	admire	the	garlands	of	lilies,	while	secretly	nursing	a	desire	to	be
home	in	a	warm	bath,	her	bed	turned	down	and	her	hot-water	bottle	waiting	for	her.	Her
current	 dance	 partner	 spoke	 close	 to	 her	 ear	 and	 when	 Constance	 laughed	 and	 her	 hand
leapt	to	her	décolletage,	things	came	back	to	Eleanor:	whispers	that	had	passed	between
the	servants	when	she	was	a	girl,	footsteps	in	the	hallway	at	dawn,	strange	men	in	their
stockinged	feet	slinking	back	to	their	own	rooms.	Every	tiny	muscle	in	Eleanor’s	own	face

tightened	and	a	tiger’s	rage	flared	hot	inside	her.	As	far	as	she	was	concerned,	there	was
no	sin	greater	than	disloyalty.	The	worst	thing	a	person	could	do	was	to	break	a	promise.
“Eleanor!	 Look!”	 Beatrice	 was	 breathing	 quickly	 beside	 her,	 excitement	 expressing
itself,	 as	 always,	 in	 the	 form	 of	 mild	 respiratory	 distress.	 Eleanor	 followed	 her	 cousin’s
gaze	 and	 saw	 a	 boisterous	 young	 man	 with	 a	 spotty	 chin	 approaching	 in	 the	 flickering
candlelight.	She	felt	an	emotion	similar	to	despair.	Was	this	love?	This	transaction?	The
dressing	in	one’s	best	clothing,	the	painting	of	a	mask	on	one’s	face,	the	dance	of	learned
steps,	 of	 scripted	 questions	 and	 replies?	 “Of	 course	 it	 is!”	 Beatrice	 exclaimed	 when
Eleanor	said	as	much.
“But	shouldn’t	there	be	more	to	it?	Shouldn’t	there	be	an	element	of	recognition?”
“Oh,	Eleanor,	you’re	such	an	ingénue!	Life	isn’t	a	fairy	tale,	you	know.	That’s	all	very
well	in	books,	but	there’s	no	such	thing	as	magic.”
Not	 for	 the	 first	 time	 since	 her	 swift	 removal	 to	 London,	 Eleanor	 ached	 for	 Mr.
Llewellyn’s	company.	Ordinarily	she	was	a	devotee	of	written	correspondence,	treasuring
every	 letter	 she	 received	 and	 keeping	 copies	 of	 those	 she	 wrote	 in	 special	 books	 of
triplicate,	 but	 there	 were	 some	 occasions	 where	 only	 the	 immediacy	 of	 a	 real,	 proper
conversation	 with	 an	 understanding	 soul	 would	 do.	 What	 she’d	 have	 given	 for	 the
fundamental	comfort	of	knowing	herself	understood!	She	wasn’t	talking	about	magic.	She
was	talking	about	an	essential	truth.	Love	as	a	fait	accompli,	a	matter	of	fact,	rather	than	a
mutually	beneficial	arrangement	between	two	suitable	parties.	She	was	debating	whether
to	say	so	when	Beatrice	sang	through	the	teeth	of	her	most	charming	smile,	“Now	come
along,	dear	one,	do	put	on	a	happy	face	and	let’s	see	how	many	glances	we	can	win.”
Eleanor	deflated.	It	was	hopeless.	She	had	no	interest	in	procuring	glances	from	men
for	 whom	 she	 cared	 nothing;	 pampered	 men	 leading	 bland	 lives	 of	 selfish	 pleasure.	 Her
father	had	once	said	that	the	poor	might	suffer	poverty,	but	the	rich	had	to	contend	with
uselessness,	 and	 there	 was	 nothing	 like	 idleness	 to	 eat	 away	 at	 a	 person’s	 soul.	 When
Beatrice	was	otherwise	engaged,	Eleanor	slipped	through	the	crowd	towards	the	exit.
She	went	up	the	stairs,	flight	by	flight,	with	no	destination	in	mind,	content	so	long	as
the	music	was	fading	behind	her.	It	had	become	her	routine,	to	leave	the	ballroom	at	the
earliest	moment	and	then	to	explore	the	house	in	which	the	dance	was	being	held.	She	was
good	at	it;	she’d	had	practice,	sneaking	through	the	woods	of	Loeanneth	with	the	ghost	of
Grandfather	Horace,	making	herself	invisible.	She	reached	a	landing	where	one	door	stood
ajar	and	decided	it	was	as	good	a	place	as	any	to	start.
It	 was	 dark	 inside	 the	 room,	 but	 moonlight	 spilled	 through	 the	 window	 like	 mercury
and	 Eleanor	 could	 see	 that	 it	 was	 a	 study	 of	 some	 kind.	 The	 far	 wall	 was	 lined	 with
bookshelves	and	a	large	desk	stood	on	a	carpet	in	the	middle.	She	went	to	sit	behind	the
desk.	Perhaps	it	was	the	leathery	smell,	perhaps	it	was	simply	that	he	was	never	far	from
her	thoughts,	but	Eleanor	pictured	her	father,	the	study	at	Loeanneth	in	which	she’d	often
found	 him	 towards	 the	 end,	 head	 bent	 over	 a	 list	 of	 figures	 as	 he	 grappled	 with	 the
family’s	debts.	He’d	weakened	in	his	final	months	and	was	no	longer	able	to	roam	with
her	as	he	once	had	across	the	meadows	and	through	the	woods.	Eleanor	had	set	herself	the
task	of	bringing	his	beloved	natural	world	to	him,	collecting	objects	in	the	early	morning
and	then	carrying	them	back	to	show	him,	recounting	all	the	things	she’d	seen	and	heard

and	smelled.	One	day	she’d	been	rabbiting	on	about	the	changing	weather	when	he’d	held
up	 his	 hand	 to	 stop	 her.	 He	 told	 her	 that	 he’d	 spoken	 to	 his	 solicitor.	 “I’m	 no	 longer	 a
wealthy	 man,	 my	 lovely	 girl,	 but	 this	 house	 is	 safe.	 I’ve	 made	 a	 provision	 so	 that
Loeanneth	can’t	be	sold	and	you	will	never	be	without	your	home.”	When	the	time	came,
though,	 the	 documents	 had	 disappeared	 and	 Eleanor’s	 mother	 denied	 all	 knowledge	 of
them.	“He	spoke	a	lot	of	nonsense	at	the	end,”	she	said.
With	a	glance	at	the	shut	door,	Eleanor	turned	on	the	desk	lamp	and	a	broad	rectangle
of	yellow	light	appeared	on	the	table’s	surface.	She	tapped	her	fingertips	on	the	wood	as
she	 considered	 the	 accoutrements.	 A	 carved	 ivory	 penholder,	 an	 ink	 blotter,	 a	 cottonbound	journal.	A	newspaper	was	open	and	she	began	idly	to	flick	through	its	pages.	Later,
the	whole	sequence	of	events	would	be	folded	into	the	story	of	How	They	Met	and	acquire
an	air	of	reverence	and	inevitability.	At	the	time,	though,	Eleanor	was	simply	escaping	the
predictability	 and	 boredom	 of	 the	 dance	 below.	 She	 had	 no	 idea	 when	 she	 read	 the
headline	PAIR	OF	TIGERS	FROM	FAR	EAST	ARRIVE	AT	LONDON	ZOO	that	a	door	had	opened.	She
knew	only	that	Zephyr’s	tooth	was	suddenly	warm	against	her	skin	and	that	she	had	to	see
those	tigers	for	herself.

8
LONDON,	JUNE	1911

Eleanor’s	chance	came	two	days	later.	A	trip	to	the	Festival	of	Empire	had	been	planned
and	 everyone	 in	 Vera’s	 household	 was	 suitably	 excited.	 “To	 think,”	 Beatrice	 had
exclaimed	over	sherry	the	night	before,	“real	live	tribesmen,	all	the	way	from	Africa!”
“A	flying	machine,”	cried	Vera,	“a	pageant!”
“A	triumph	for	Mr.	Lascelles,”	agreed	Constance,	before	adding	somewhat	hopefully,
“I	wonder	if	the	man	himself	will	be	there?	I	hear	that	he’s	a	great	friend	of	the	King’s.”
The	 Crystal	 Palace	 shone	 in	 the	 sunlight	 as	 the	 Daimler	 pulled	 up	 at	 its	 entrance.
Eleanor’s	mother,	aunt,	and	cousin	were	helped	from	the	car	and	Eleanor	followed,	lifting
her	gaze	to	take	in	the	spectacular	glass	building.	It	was	beautiful	and	impressive,	just	as
everyone	 said,	 and	 Eleanor	 felt	 her	 cheeks	 flush	 with	 anticipation.	 Not,	 though,	 because
she	 was	 looking	 forward	 to	 a	 day	 spent	 ogling	 the	 treasures	 of	 the	 Empire;	 Eleanor	 had
something	 else	 entirely	 planned.	 Their	 party	 made	 its	 way	 inside	 the	 All	 British	 section
and	 a	 good	 half	 hour	 was	 spent	 agreeing	 on	 the	 superiority	 of	 everything	 within,	 before
moving	on	to	the	exotic	delights	of	the	colonies.	There	were	blooms	to	be	admired	in	the
floricultural	section,	athletic	figures	to	be	appreciated	in	the	Overseas	Dominions	Cadets
Camp,	 the	 pageant	 site	 itself	 to	 be	 thoroughly	 critiqued.	 Eleanor,	 trailing	 behind,	 forced
herself	to	nod	attentively	when	required.	Finally,	when	they	reached	the	Medieval	Maze,
she	glimpsed	her	chance.	The	maze	was	busy	and	it	wasn’t	difficult	for	Eleanor	to	separate
from	 her	 group.	 She	 simply	 turned	 left	 when	 the	 others	 turned	 right,	 and	 then	 doubled
back	and	escaped	the	way	they’d	come.
She	walked	quickly,	her	head	bowed	against	the	terrible	possibility	of	seeing	someone
her	mother	knew,	past	the	Empire	Sports	Arena,	towards	the	Small	Holdings,	not	stopping
until	she	reached	the	railway	entrance	on	Sydenham	Avenue.	There,	her	spirit	performed	a
gleeful	 flip.	 Eleanor	 took	 out	 the	 map	 she’d	 borrowed	 from	 Uncle	 Vernon’s	 study	 and
checked	again	the	route	she’d	plotted	in	the	bathroom	the	night	before.	According	to	her
research,	all	she	had	to	do	was	wave	down	the	No.	78	tram	on	nearby	Norwood	Road	and
it	would	take	her	all	the	way	to	Victoria	Station.	She	could	walk	the	rest	of	the	way	from
there,	through	Hyde	Park,	across	Marylebone,	and	into	Regent’s	Park.	It	was	preferable	to
stick	to	the	parks.	The	streets	of	London	were	like	rivers	of	molten	noise	rushing	through
the	city,	and	it	was	all	so	fast	and	furious	that	sometimes	Eleanor	could	feel	what	it	would
be	like	to	be	hit	and	knocked	down.
Today,	though,	she	was	too	excited	to	be	fearful.	She	hurried	along	the	pavement	to	the
tram	stop,	her	heart	galloping	at	the	prospect	of	seeing	the	tigers	and,	more	than	that,	with
the	 immense	 joy	 of	 being	 alone	 for	 the	 first	 time	 in	 weeks.	 The	 No.	 78	 tram	 came
trundling	towards	her.	She	flagged	it	down,	paid	her	fare	with	the	coins	she’d	borrowed
from	Uncle	Vernon’s	study,	and	just	like	that	she	was	on	her	way.	When	she	took	her	seat,

she	could	barely	keep	from	grinning.	She	felt	grown-up	and	intrepid,	an	adventurer	setting
out	to	conquer	all	obstacles	in	her	path.	Ties	she’d	thought	broken	were	strengthened	now,
to	her	childhood,	to	her	life	before,	to	her	old	self,	and	she	experienced	a	thrill	similar	to
that	 she’d	 relished	 when	 playing	 The	 Adventures	 of	 Grandfather	 Horace.	 As	 the	 tram
finally	crossed	Vauxhall	Bridge	and	slid	on	its	rails	through	Belgravia,	Eleanor	caressed
the	tiger’s-tooth	pendant	on	its	chain	beneath	her	blouse.
Victoria	Station	was	chaos,	with	people	moving	every	which	way,	a	sea	of	top	hats	and
walking	 canes	 and	 long	 swishing	 skirts.	 Eleanor	 alighted	 from	 the	 tram	 and	 slipped
through	 the	 crowd	 as	 quickly	 as	 she	 could,	 emerging	 onto	 the	 street	 where	 horse-drawn
carriages	and	coaches	jostled	this	way	and	that	on	their	way	to	teatime	appointments.	She
could	have	jumped	for	joy	not	to	be	on	board	one	of	them.
She	took	a	moment	to	gather	her	bearings	and	then	set	off	along	Grosvenor	Place.	She
was	 moving	 quickly	 and	 her	 breaths	 were	 short.	 London	 had	 a	 distinctive	 smell,	 the
unpleasant	 mingling	 of	 manure	 with	 exhaust	 fumes,	 of	 old	 and	 new,	 and	 she	 was	 glad
when	 she	 turned	 into	 Hyde	 Park	 and	 caught	 the	 scent	 of	 roses.	 Nannies	 in	 starched
uniforms	paraded	large	prams	along	the	red	dirt	of	Rotten	Row,	and	the	expanse	of	lawn
was	covered	with	green	sixpenny	deckchairs.	Rowing	boats	speckled	the	Serpentine	like
enormous	ducks.
“Get	your	mementos	here!”	shouted	a	street	vendor,	his	stall	stocked	with	coronation
flags	and	pictures	of	the	enormous	new	peace	statue	that	stood	before	Buckingham	Palace.
(“Peace?”	her	uncle	was	fond	of	snorting	each	time	their	carriage	passed	by	the	enormous
statue,	its	white	marble	glistening	against	the	dirty	black	stonework	of	the	palace.	“We’ll
be	lucky	to	see	out	the	decade	without	another	war!”	A	smug	look	would	settle	on	his	dour
face	after	the	pronouncement—he	liked	nothing	more	than	the	anticipation	of	bad	news—
and,	 “Don’t	 be	 such	 a	 killjoy,	 Daddy,”	 Beatrice	 would	 scold,	 before	 her	 attention	 was
diverted	by	a	passing	coach.	“Oh,	look!	Is	that	the	Manners’	carriage?	Did	you	hear	the
latest	about	Lady	Diana?	She	dressed	as	a	black	swan	to	attend	the	all-white	charity	ball!
Can	you	imagine	Lady	Sheffield’s	fury!”)
Eleanor	was	hurrying	now.	Towards	Bayswater	Road,	under	Marble	Arch,	through	the
edge	of	Mayfair	and	into	Marylebone.	The	sign	for	Baker	Street	made	her	think	again	of
Uncle	 Vernon,	 who	 rated	 himself	 something	 of	 a	 sleuth	 and	 enjoyed	 pitting	 his	 wits
against	 Sherlock	 Holmes.	 Eleanor	 had	 borrowed	 some	 of	 the	 mystery	 books	 from	 her
uncle’s	 study	 but	 wasn’t	 a	 convert.	 The	 arrogance	 of	 rationalism	 was	 at	 odds	 with	 her
beloved	fairy	tales.	Even	now,	Holmes’s	cocksure	assumption	that	there	was	nothing	that
couldn’t	 be	 explained	 by	 process	 of	 human	 deduction	 made	 her	 hot	 under	 the	 collar.	 So
hot	that	as	she	approached	Regent’s	Park	she	forgot	all	about	the	mechanized	river	she	had
to	 cross.	 She	 stepped	 right	 out	 onto	 the	 road	 without	 looking	 and	 didn’t	 notice	 the
omnibus	until	it	was	almost	upon	her.	In	that	instant,	as	the	enormous	advertisement	for
Lipton’s	 Tea	 bore	 down	 on	 her,	 Eleanor	 knew	 she	 was	 going	 to	 die.	 Her	 thoughts	 came
swiftly—she	 would	 be	 with	 her	 father	 again,	 she	 would	 no	 longer	 have	 to	 worry	 about
losing	Loeanneth,	but,	oh,	what	a	shame	not	to	have	seen	the	tigers!	She	screwed	her	eyes
shut,	waiting	for	the	pain	and	oblivion	to	hit.
The	 shock	 when	 it	 came	 took	 her	 breath	 away,	 a	 force	 around	 her	 waist	 as	 she	 was
thrown	sideways,	the	wind	knocked	out	of	her	as	she	fell	hard	to	the	ground.	Death	was

not	 at	 all	 as	 she’d	 expected.	 Sound	 was	 swirling,	 her	 ears	 rang,	 and	 her	 head	 swooned.
When	she	opened	her	eyes,	her	vision	filled	with	an	image	of	the	most	beautiful	face	she’d
ever	seen.	Eleanor	would	never	confess	the	fact	to	anyone,	but	for	years	after	she	would
smile	to	remember	that	in	that	moment	she’d	thought	herself	face-to-face	with	God.
It	wasn’t	God.	It	was	a	boy,	a	man,	young,	not	much	older	than	she	was,	with	sandybrown	hair	and	skin	she	had	a	sudden	urge	to	touch.	He	was	on	the	ground	beside	her,	one
arm	beneath	her	shoulders.	His	lips	were	moving,	he	was	saying	something	that	Eleanor
couldn’t	make	out,	and	he	was	looking	at	her	intensely,	first	into	one	eye	and	then	into	the
other.	 Finally,	 as	 noise	 and	 movement	 whirled	 around	 them—they’d	 gathered	 quite	 a
crowd—a	smile	came	to	his	face,	and	she	thought	what	a	glorious	mouth	he	had,	and	then
she	promptly	fainted.
His	name	was	Anthony	Edevane	and	he	was	studying	at	Cambridge	to	become	a	doctor,	a
surgeon,	 to	 be	 precise.	 Eleanor	 learned	 this	 at	 the	 refreshments	 counter	 of	 Baker	 Street
Station,	where	he	took	her	after	the	altercation	with	the	bus	and	bought	her	a	lemonade.
He	was	meeting	a	friend	there,	a	boy	with	dark,	curly	hair	and	spectacles,	the	sort	of	boy
whose	 clothing,	 Eleanor	 could	 tell	 just	 by	 looking	 at	 him,	 would	 always	 appear	 hastily
arranged,	whose	hair	would	never	sit	quite	as	it	was	meant	to.	Eleanor	could	relate	to	that.
She	 took	 a	 liking	 to	 him	 at	 once.	 “Howard	 Mann”—Anthony	 gestured	 towards	 the
disheveled	boy—“this	is	Eleanor	deShiel.”
“It’s	a	pleasure	to	meet	you,	Eleanor,”	said	Howard,	taking	her	hand.	“What	a	charming
surprise.	How	do	you	know	this	old	boy?”
Eleanor	 heard	 herself	 say,	 “He	 just	 saved	 my	 life,”	 and	 thought	 what	 an	 unlikely
scenario	it	presented.
Howard,	however,	didn’t	skip	a	beat.	“Did	he	now?	Not	surprising.	That’s	the	sort	of
thing	he	does.	If	he	weren’t	my	best	friend	I	think	I’d	have	to	hate	him.”
It	 might	 have	 been	 awkward,	 this	 bantering	 conversation	 in	 an	 Underground	 station
café	with	two	male	strangers,	but,	as	Eleanor	discovered,	being	saved	from	certain	death
had	 a	 way	 of	 freeing	 a	 person	 from	 the	 usual	 strictures	 of	 what	 to	 say	 and	 how.	 They
talked	easily	and	freely,	and	the	more	she	heard,	the	more	she	liked	them	both.	Anthony
and	 Howard	 joked	 around	 with	 one	 another	 a	 lot,	 but	 their	 manner	 was	 affable	 and
therefore	somehow	inclusive.	She	found	herself	voicing	opinions	in	a	way	she	hadn’t	done
in	a	very	long	time,	laughing	and	nodding	and	disagreeing	at	times	with	a	vehemence	that
would	have	horrified	her	mother.
The	three	of	them	spoke	fiercely	about	science	and	nature,	politics	and	honor,	family
and	friendship.	Eleanor	gleaned	that	Anthony	wanted	to	be	a	surgeon	more	than	anything
in	the	world,	and	had	done	so	since	he	was	a	little	boy	and	his	favorite	housemaid	died	of
appendicitis	for	lack	of	a	qualified	doctor.	That	Howard	was	the	only	son	of	an	extremely
wealthy	 earl	 who	 spent	 his	 days	 on	 the	 French	 Riviera	 with	 his	 fourth	 wife,	 and	 sent
money	for	his	son’s	care	to	a	trust	administered	by	a	bank	manager	at	Lloyds	of	London.
That	the	two	boys	had	met	on	the	first	day	of	school	when	Anthony	lent	Howard	his	spare
uniform	 hat	 so	 he	 wouldn’t	 be	 given	 a	 caning	 by	 the	 housemaster	 and	 that	 they’d	 been
inseparable	ever	since.	“More	like	brothers,”	Anthony	said,	giving	Howard	a	warm	smile.

Time	flew	and	when,	during	a	rare	pause	in	conversation,	Howard	frowned	lightly	and
said	to	Eleanor,	“Not	to	break	up	the	party,	but	it	occurs	to	me	someone	must	be	missing
you,”	she	was	shocked	to	glance	at	her	father’s	watch	(she’d	worn	it	since	he	died,	much
to	 her	 mother’s	 annoyance)	 and	 realize	 that	 three	 hours	 had	 passed	 since	 she’d	 lost	 her
family	in	the	maze.	She	experienced	a	sudden	vision	of	her	mother	in	a	state	of	emotional
apoplexy.
“Yes,”	she	agreed	grimly.	“It’s	a	distinct	possibility.”
“Well,	then,”	said	Howard,	“we	should	get	you	home.	Shouldn’t	we,	Anthony?”
“Yes,”	said	Anthony,	frowning	at	his	own	watch,	tapping	the	glass	as	if	the	time	it	told
were	surely	wrong.	“Yes,	of	course.”	Eleanor	wondered	whether	she	imagined	the	note	of
reluctance	 in	 his	 voice.	 “Terribly	 selfish	 of	 us	 to	 keep	 you	 here	 talking	 when	 you	 really
ought	to	be	resting	your	head.”
Suddenly,	 Eleanor	 was	 filled	 with	 a	 desperate	 desire	 not	 to	 part	 company	 with	 them.
With	 him.	 She	 started	 to	 demur.	 The	 day	 had	 turned	 out	 to	 be	 a	 glorious	 one;	 she	 felt
absolutely	fine;	home	was	the	last	place	she	planned	on	going.	She’d	come	all	this	way,
she	 was	 so	 near	 the	 zoo,	 she	 hadn’t	 even	 seen	 the	 tigers	 yet!	 Anthony	 was	 saying
something	about	her	head	and	the	impact	of	her	fall,	which	was	kind	of	him,	but	really,
she	insisted,	she	felt	fine.	A	little	dizzy,	now	that	she	tried	to	stand	up,	but	that	was	only	to
be	 expected;	 it	 was	 very	 warm	 inside	 the	 café,	 and	 she	 hadn’t	 eaten	 lunch,	 and—oh!
Perhaps	 if	 she	 just	 sat	 for	 a	 moment	 longer,	 caught	 her	 breath,	 waited	 for	 her	 vision	 to
clear.
He	 was	 insistent;	 she	 was	 stubborn;	 Howard	 was	 the	 decider.	 With	 a	 small	 smile	 of
apology,	he	took	her	other	arm	as	Anthony	went	to	pay	the	bill.
Eleanor	 watched	 him	 go.	 He	 was	 clever,	 and	 kind,	 and	 possessed	 an	 obvious
fascination	with	the	world	and	all	it	had	to	offer.	He	was	also	very	handsome.	That	thick
dark-blond	 hair	 and	 sun-browned	 skin,	 a	 gaze	 that	 was	 electric	 with	 curiosity	 and	 a
passion	 for	 learning.	 She	 couldn’t	 be	 absolutely	 certain	 that	 it	 wasn’t	 her	 near-death
experience	 playing	 tricks	 with	 her	 eyes,	 but	 he	 seemed	 to	 shine.	 He	 was	 so	 filled	 with
enthusiasm	and	energy	and	confidence	that	he	was	somehow	more	alive	than	everybody
else	in	the	room.
“He’s	something,	isn’t	he?”	said	Howard.
Eleanor’s	skin	flared.	She	hadn’t	meant	to	be	so	obvious.
“He’s	 the	 smartest	 boy	 in	 class,	 he	 won	 most	 of	 the	 academic	 prizes	 at	 our	 school
graduation.	Not	that	he’d	ever	tell	you	himself,	he’s	modest	to	a	fault.”
“Is	he?”	She	pretended	only	a	mild,	polite	interest.
“When	 he	 qualifies,	 he	 plans	 to	 establish	 a	 surgery	 for	 those	 who	 can	 least	 afford	 it.
The	number	of	children	who	go	without	vital	operations	for	want	of	the	money	to	pay	a
surgeon	is	shameful.”
They	drove	her	back	to	Mayfair	in	Howard’s	Rolls-Royce	Silver	Ghost.	Vera’s	butler
opened	 the	 door,	 but	 Beatrice,	 who’d	 been	 watching	 from	 her	 bedroom	 window,	 came
flying	down	the	stairs,	hot	on	his	heels.	“Oh	my	goodness,	Eleanor,”	she	breathed,	“your

mother	is	livid!”	Then,	noticing	Anthony	and	Howard,	she	regathered	herself	and	fluttered
her	eyelashes.	“How	do	you	do?”
“Beatrice,”	 said	 Eleanor	 with	 a	 smile,	 “allow	 me	 to	 introduce	 Howard	 Mann	 and
Anthony	Edevane.	Mr.	Edevane	just	saved	my	life.”
“Well,	then,”	said	Beatrice,	without	skipping	a	beat,	“I	expect	you’d	better	come	in	for
tea.”
The	story	was	told	again	over	tea	and	lemon	cake.	Constance,	her	brows	arched	and	her
lips	 tight,	 was	 simmering	 with	 unasked	 questions	 as	 to	 why	 Eleanor	 had	 been	 in
Marylebone	 in	 the	 first	 place,	 but	 she	 held	 firmly	 to	 her	 composure	 as	 she	 thanked
Anthony.	“Edevane?”	she	asked	hopefully.	“Not	Lord	Edevane’s	son?”
“That’s	right,”	said	Anthony	cheerfully,	taking	a	second	piece	of	cake.	“The	youngest
of	his	three.”
Constance’s	 smile	 evaporated.	 (“Third	 son?”	 she	 was	 later	 heard	 barking	 at	 Vera.
“Third	 son?!	 A	 third	 son	 has	 no	 business	 walking	 the	 streets	 rescuing	 impressionable
young	girls.	He’s	supposed	to	join	the	ministry,	for	goodness’	sake!”)
To	 Eleanor,	 though,	 it	 explained	 everything.	 His	 easy,	 unassuming	 nature,	 the
inexplicable,	almost	regal	air	he	carried	with	him,	the	way	they’d	met.	He	was	the	third
son.	“You	were	born	to	be	the	hero	of	a	story,”	she	said.
Anthony	 laughed.	 “I	 don’t	 know	 about	 that,	 but	 I	 do	 count	 myself	 lucky	 to	 be	 the
third.”
“Oh?”	 Constance’s	 chill	 tone	 lowered	 the	 room’s	 temperature	 by	 degrees.	 “And	 why,
pray	tell,	is	that?”
“My	father	already	has	an	heir	and	a	spare,	which	leaves	me	free	to	do	as	I	please.”
“And	what	exactly	is	that,	Mr.	Edevane?”
“I’m	going	to	be	a	doctor.”
Eleanor	started	to	explain	that	Anthony	was,	in	fact,	studying	to	be	a	surgeon,	that	he’d
committed	 his	 life	 to	 helping	 people	 less	 fortunate,	 that	 he’d	 won	 all	 sorts	 of	 important
academic	prizes,	but	such	details	were	lost	on	Constance,	who	curtly	interrupted.	“Surely
a	 man	 of	 your	 class	 needn’t	 work	 for	 a	 living.	 I	 wouldn’t	 have	 thought	 your	 father
approved	of	that.”
Anthony	looked	at	her,	and	the	strength	of	his	gaze	was	such	that	all	remaining	warmth
was	sucked	from	the	room.	The	air	was	charged.	Eleanor	had	never	seen	anyone	stand	up
to	her	mother	and	she	held	her	breath,	waiting	to	see	what	he	would	say.
“My	father,	Mrs.	deShiel,	has	seen,	as	have	I,	what	becomes	of	bored,	privileged	men
who’ve	 been	 spared	 the	 effort	 of	 wage	 earning.	 I	 don’t	 plan	 to	 spend	 my	 days	 sitting
around	 looking	 for	 ways	 to	 fill	 the	 stretch	 of	 time.	 I	 want	 to	 help	 people.	 I	 intend	 to	 be
useful.”	And	then	he	turned	to	Eleanor,	as	if	they	were	the	only	people	in	the	room,	and
said,	“What	about	you,	Miss	deShiel?	What	do	you	want	from	life?”
Something	 changed	 in	 that	 moment.	 It	 was	 a	 small	 shift	 but	 a	 decisive	 one.	 He	 was
dazzling,	and	it	became	clear	to	Eleanor	that	their	meeting	that	morning	had	been	fated.

The	 tie	 between	 them	 was	 so	 strong	 she	 could	 almost	 see	 it.	 There	 was	 so	 much	 to	 tell
him,	 and	 yet	 at	 the	 same	 time,	 she	 knew	 with	 a	 strange	 but	 clarifying	 certainty	 that	 she
didn’t	have	to	tell	him	anything	at	all.	She	could	see	it	in	his	eyes,	the	way	he	looked	at
her.	He	already	knew	what	she	wanted	from	life.	That	she	had	no	intention	of	becoming
one	 of	 those	 women	 who	 sat	 around	 playing	 bridge	 and	 gossiping	 and	 waiting	 for	 their
drivers	to	take	them	out	in	carriages;	that	she	wanted	so	much	else	and	more,	far	too	much
to	put	into	words	now.	And	so	she	said	only,	“I	want	to	see	those	tigers.”
He	 laughed	 and	 a	 beatific	 smile	 spread	 across	 his	 face	 as	 he	 held	 his	 palms
outstretched.	“Well,	that’s	not	difficult	to	arrange.	Rest	your	head	this	afternoon	and	I’ll
take	you	tomorrow.”	He	turned	to	Eleanor’s	mother	and	added,	“If	you	have	no	objections,
Mrs.	deShiel.”
It	was	clear	to	all	who	knew	her	that	Constance	was	brimming	with	objections,	itching
to	say	no,	to	forbid	this	overconfident	youth—this	third	son!—from	taking	her	daughter
anywhere.	 Eleanor	 wasn’t	 sure	 she’d	 ever	 seen	 her	 mother	 dislike	 anyone	 so	 much,	 but
there	was	very	little	Constance	could	do.	He	came	from	a	good	family,	he	had	saved	her
daughter’s	life,	he	was	offering	to	take	her	to	the	very	place	she’d	just	professed	a	deep
desire	to	visit.	It	would	have	been	bad	form	to	say	no.	Constance	planted	a	sour	smile	on
her	face	and	managed	a	small	noise	of	assent.	It	was	merely	a	formality.	Everyone	in	the
room	could	feel	that	the	power	balance	had	tilted,	and	from	that	moment	on,	Constance
was	to	take	very	little	part	in	her	daughter’s	courtship.
Eleanor	walked	the	two	boys	to	the	door	after	tea.	Howard	said	warmly,	“I	hope	to	see
you	 again	 soon,	 Miss	 deShiel,”	 before	 glancing	 at	 Anthony	 with	 a	 knowing	 smile.	 “I
might	just	go	and	get	the	Ghost	warmed	up.”
Anthony	and	Eleanor,	left	alone,	were	both	all	at	once	lost	for	words.
“So,”	he	said.
“So.”
“The	zoo.	Tomorrow.”
“Yes.”
“Promise	me	you	won’t	step	in	front	of	a	bus	before	then?”
She	laughed.	“I	promise.”
A	light	frown	settled	on	his	brow.
“What	is	it?”	she	said,	suddenly	self-conscious.
“Nothing.	It’s	nothing.	Only,	I	like	your	hair.”
“This?”	 Her	 hand	 went	 to	 touch	 the	 mop,	 at	 its	 wildest	 after	 the	 day’s	 unexpected
excitement.
He	smiled,	and	deep	inside	her	something	quivered.	“That.	I	like	it.	A	lot.”
And	 then	 he	 said	 goodbye	 and	 she	 watched	 him	 go,	 and	 when	 she	 went	 inside	 and
closed	 the	 door	 behind	 her,	 Eleanor	 knew,	 quite	 simply	 and	 clearly,	 that	 everything	had
changed.

It	would	be	wrong	to	say	they	fell	in	love	over	the	next	couple	of	weeks,	for	they	were
already	in	love	that	first	day.	And	throughout	the	following	fortnight,	with	cousin	Beatrice
proving	 a	 benevolently	 lax	 chaperone,	 they	 were	 hardly	 apart.	 They	 went	 to	 the	 zoo,
where	 Eleanor	 finally	 saw	 the	 tigers,	 they	 lost	 entire	 days	 in	 Hampstead,	 discovering
hidden	 green	 pockets	 of	 the	 heath	 and	 learning	 each	 other’s	 secrets,	 they	 explored	 the
Victoria	 and	 Albert	 Museum	 and	 the	 Natural	 History	 Museum	 and	 saw	 the	 visiting
Imperial	Ballet	perform	eight	times.	Eleanor	attended	no	more	balls	unless	Anthony	was
going	to	be	there,	too.	Instead,	they	walked	along	the	Thames,	talking	and	laughing	as	if
they’d	known	one	another	forever.
At	the	end	of	his	holidays,	on	the	morning	he	was	due	to	return	to	Cambridge,	he	made
a	 detour	 to	 see	 her.	 He	 didn’t	 wait	 until	 they	 went	 inside	 but	 said	 to	 her,	 there	 on	 the
doorstep,	“I	came	with	the	idea	of	asking	you	to	wait	for	me.”
Eleanor’s	heart	had	begun	to	pound	beneath	her	dress	but	her	breath	caught	when	he
added,	“And	then	I	realized	it	wasn’t	right.”
“You	did?	It	isn’t?”
“No,	I	could	hardly	think	of	asking	you	to	do	something	I	wouldn’t	do	myself.”
“I	can	wait—”
“Well,	I	can’t,	not	for	another	day.	I	can’t	live	without	you,	Eleanor.	I	have	to	ask—do
you	think—will	you	marry	me?”
Eleanor	 grinned.	 She	 didn’t	 need	 to	 think	 twice.	 “Yes,”	 she	 said.	 “Yes,	 a	 thousand
times!	Of	course	I	will!”
Anthony	 swept	 her	 off	 her	 feet	 and	 spun	 her	 around,	 kissing	 her	 as	 he	 set	 her	 back
down.	“I	will	never	love	anyone	but	you,”	he	said,	smoothing	strands	of	hair	away	from
her	face.	He	said	it	with	a	certainty	that	made	her	shiver.	The	sky	was	blue,	north	opposed
south,	and	he,	Anthony	Edevane,	would	love	only	her.
She	promised	him	the	same	and	he	smiled,	pleased,	but	not	surprised,	as	if	he’d	already
known	it	was	true.
“You	know,	I’m	not	a	wealthy	man,”	he	said.	“I’ll	never	be	rich.”
“I	don’t	care.”
“I	can’t	give	you	a	home	like	this	one.”	He	gestured	at	Aunt	Vera’s	grand	house.
Indignant.	“You	know	I	don’t	care	about	those	things.”
“Or	a	home	like	the	one	you	grew	up	in,	Loeanneth.”
“I	don’t	need	that,”	she	said,	and	for	the	first	time	she	believed	it.	“You’re	my	home
now.”
They	were	happy	in	Cambridge.	Anthony’s	digs	were	small	but	clean,	and	Eleanor	made
them	homely.	Anthony	was	in	the	final	years	of	his	degree	and	sat	hunched	over	his	texts
most	 nights	 after	 dinner;	 Eleanor	 drew	 and	 wrote.	 His	 intelligence,	 his	 goodness,	 were

apparent	even	in	the	way	he	frowned	at	the	books,	his	hands	moving	sometimes	as	he	read
about	 the	 best	 way	 to	 perform	 a	 certain	 operation.	 They	 were	 clever	 hands,	 gentle	 and
deft.	“He	was	always	able	to	build	and	make	and	fix	things,”	his	mother	had	told	Eleanor
the	 first	 time	 they	 met.	 “As	 a	 little	 boy,	 he	 liked	 nothing	 better	 than	 to	 take	 apart	 my
husband’s	heirloom	clock.	Lucky	for	us—and	him!—he	was	always	able	to	put	it	back	to
rights.”
Their	 life	 together	 was	 not	 elaborate;	 they	 didn’t	 attend	 big	 society	 parties,	 but
entertained	their	nearest	and	dearest	in	small,	intimate	gatherings.	Howard	came	often	to
share	a	meal,	staying	long	into	the	night	to	talk	and	laugh	and	argue	over	a	bottle	of	wine;
Anthony’s	 parents	 paid	 occasional	 visits,	 perplexed	 but	 too	 polite	 to	 comment	 on	 the
straitened	circumstances	in	which	their	youngest	and	his	new	wife	chose	to	live;	and	Mr.
Llewellyn	was	a	regular	guest.	With	his	wisdom	and	good	humor,	and	his	evident	fatherly
love	for	Eleanor,	he	soon	became	a	treasured	friend	to	Anthony,	too;	the	bond	was	further
strengthened	when	Anthony	learned	that	long	before	his	gift	for	storytelling	made	him	an
accidental	literary	star,	the	older	man	had	also	trained	in	medicine	(though	as	a	physician
and	not	a	surgeon).
“Did	you	never	long	to	go	back	and	practice?”	Anthony	asked	more	than	once,	unable
to	 fathom	 what	 could	 possibly	 keep	 a	 man	 from	 his	 calling.	 But	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 always
smiled	and	shook	his	head.	“I	found	something	to	which	I	was	more	suited.	Better	that	I
leave	 such	 matters	 to	 able	 men	 like	 you	 whose	 blood	 burns	 with	 the	 need	 to	 help	 and
heal.”	When	Anthony	graduated	from	his	preclinical	training	with	first-class	honors	and	a
university	medal,	it	was	Mr.	Llewellyn	he	invited	to	sit	beside	Eleanor	and	his	parents	to
watch	him	receive	his	degree.	As	the	vice	chancellor	delivered	his	rousing	speech	about
manhood	 and	 duty—“If	 a	 man	 cannot	 be	 useful	 to	 his	 country,	 he	 is	 better	 dead”—Mr.
Llewellyn	leaned	to	whisper	wryly	in	Eleanor’s	ear,	“What	a	jolly	fellow—he	reminds	me
rather	of	your	mother,”	and	she	had	to	stifle	a	laugh.	But	the	older	man’s	eyes	glistened
with	pride	as	he	watched	his	young	friend	graduate.
Anthony	meant	it	when	he	said	money	held	no	interest	for	him,	as	did	Eleanor,	but	life
could	 be	 devious	 and	 it	 turned	 out	 they	 were	 soon	 to	 be	 very	 rich	 indeed.	 They’d	 been
married	 for	 nine	 months	 when	 they	 stood	 together	 on	 the	 Southampton	 docks	 and	 bade
farewell	to	his	parents	and	elder	brothers,	who	were	leaving	together	for	New	York.
“Do	you	wish	we	were	going?”	Anthony	said	over	the	noise	of	the	cheering	crowd.
There’d	been	talk	of	traveling	with	the	family,	but	Anthony’s	budget	wouldn’t	stretch
to	cover	the	tickets	and	he’d	balked	at	letting	his	parents	foot	the	bill.	He	felt	badly,	she
knew,	embarrassed	that	he	couldn’t	afford	such	luxuries.	Eleanor	couldn’t	have	cared	less.
She	shrugged.	“I	get	seasick.”
“New	York’s	an	incredible	city.”
She	squeezed	his	hand.	“I	don’t	mind	where	I	am,	so	long	as	it’s	with	you.”
He	shot	her	a	smile	so	filled	with	love	that	her	breath	caught.	As	they	both	turned	back
to	wave,	Eleanor	wondered	whether	it	was	possible	to	be	too	happy.	Seagulls	dipped	and
dived	 and	 boys	 in	 cloth	 hats	 ran	 along	 beside	 the	 departing	 ship,	 leaping	 over	 each	 and
every	 obstacle.	 “Unsinkable,”	 said	 Anthony,	 shaking	 his	 head	 as	 the	 great	 ship	 pulled
away.	“Just	think	of	that.”

On	their	second	wedding	anniversary,	Anthony	suggested	they	go	away	for	the	weekend
to	a	little	seaside	place	he	knew.	After	months	spent	mourning	the	loss	of	his	parents	and
brothers	 to	 the	 icy-cold	 Atlantic	 Ocean,	 at	 last	 they	 had	 something	 momentous	 to
celebrate.	“A	baby,”	he’d	said	when	she	told	him,	a	look	of	profound	amazement	on	his
face.	“Imagine!	A	tiny	mix	of	you	and	me.”
They	caught	an	early	train	from	Cambridge	to	London	and	then	changed	at	Paddington.
The	journey	was	long,	but	Eleanor	had	packed	a	picnic	and	they	ate	lunch	along	the	way,
filling	the	hours	with	chatting	and	reading,	the	latest	spirited	game	of	cards	in	an	ongoing
contest,	 and	 periods	 of	 sitting	 contentedly,	 side	 by	 side,	 holding	 hands	 and	 watching
through	the	window	as	the	fields	fled	by.
When	 at	 last	 they	 reached	 their	 station,	 a	 driver	 was	 waiting	 and	 Anthony	 helped
Eleanor	 into	 the	 motorcar.	 They	 set	 off	 along	 a	 narrow,	 winding	 road	 and	 in	 the	 warm
enclosure	of	the	vehicle	the	day’s	travel	finally	caught	up	with	her.	She	yawned	and	leaned
her	head	back	against	the	car	seat.	“Are	you	all	right?”	Anthony	asked	gently,	and	when
Eleanor	said	that	she	was,	she	meant	it.	She	hadn’t	been	sure,	when	he	first	mentioned	the
trip,	how	it	would	feel	to	skirt	so	close	to	the	place	of	her	childhood;	whether	she’d	endure
the	 loss	 of	 her	 father	 and	 her	 home	 anew.	 Now,	 though,	 she	 realized	 that	 of	 course	 she
would,	but	while	there	was	no	escaping	the	fact	that	there’d	been	sadness	in	the	past,	the
future	was	still	hers—theirs—to	seize.	“I’m	glad	we’ve	come	here,”	she	said,	resting	her
palm	on	her	gently	rounded	belly	as	the	road	tapered	to	follow	the	line	of	the	ocean.	“It’s
been	such	a	long	time	since	I	saw	the	sea.”
Anthony	smiled	and	reached	across	to	her.	She	looked	at	his	hand	over	hers,	large	over
small,	and	wondered	how	she	could	possibly	be	so	happy.
It	 was	 in	 the	 company	 of	 such	 memories	 that	 she	 fell	 asleep.	 It	 happened	 easily	 now
that	 she	 was	 pregnant;	 she’d	 never	 been	 so	 tired.	 The	 motorcar’s	 engine	 continued	 to
thrum,	 Anthony’s	 hand	 remained	 warm	 on	 hers,	 and	 the	 smell	 of	 salt	 infused	 the	 air.
Eleanor	 wasn’t	 sure	 how	 much	 time	 passed	 before	 he	 nudged	 her	 and	 said,	 “Wake	 up,
Sleeping	Beauty.”
She	sat	and	stretched,	blinking	into	the	blue	light	of	the	warm	day	and	letting	the	world
take	shape	again	before	her	eyes.
Eleanor	drew	breath.
For	 there	 was	 Loeanneth,	 her	 dear,	 beloved,	 lost	 home.	 The	 gardens	 were	 becoming
overgrown,	the	house	was	more	run-down	than	she	remembered,	and	yet	it	was	perfection.
“Welcome	 home,”	 Anthony	 said,	 lifting	 her	 hand	 to	 kiss	 it.	 “Happy	 birthday,	 happy
anniversary,	happy	start	of	everything.”
Sound	came	before	sight.	An	insect	was	buzzing	against	a	glass	windowpane,	short,	fierce
bursts	 of	 static	 anxiety	 followed	 by	 momentary	 quiet,	 and	 another	 noise	 sat	 behind	 it,
softer	 but	 more	 insistent,	 a	 ceaseless	 scratching	 Eleanor	 recognized	 but	 could	 not	 name.
She	opened	her	eyes	to	find	herself	in	a	place	that	was	dark	except	for	a	dazzling	slice	of
light	between	drawn	curtains.	The	smells	were	familiar,	of	a	room	closed	against	the	heat

of	summer,	of	thick	brocade	drapes	and	shadowy	cool	skirting	boards,	of	stale	sunlight.	It
was	her	bedroom,	she	realized,	the	one	she	shared	with	Anthony.	Loeanneth.
Eleanor	 closed	 her	 eyes	 again.	 Her	 head	 was	 swimming.	 She	 was	 groggy,	 and	 it	 was
awfully	hot.	It	had	been	hot	like	this	the	summer	they	arrived	together,	in	1913.	The	pair
of	them,	little	more	than	children,	had	lived	for	a	glorious	time	without	the	wider	world
and	its	rhythms.	The	house	had	been	in	dire	need	of	repairs,	so	they	set	up	camp	in	the
boathouse,	the	cherished	play	site	of	her	childhood.	The	accommodation	was	primitive—a
bed,	a	table,	basic	kitchen	facilities,	and	a	little	washroom—but	they	were	young	and	in
love	and	used	to	living	on	next	to	nothing.	For	years	afterwards,	when	Anthony	was	away
at	 war	 and	 she	 missed	 him,	 whenever	 she	 felt	 sad	 or	 alone	 or	 overwhelmed,	 she	 would
take	herself	down	to	the	boathouse,	bringing	with	her	the	love	letters	he’d	written	home	to
her,	 and	 there,	 more	 than	 anywhere	 else,	 she’d	 be	 able	 to	 touch	 the	 happiness	 and	 truth
she’d	felt	that	summer	before	the	war	came	along	to	spoil	their	paradise.
They’d	eaten	every	meal	outdoors,	hard-boiled	eggs	and	cheese	from	a	picnic	basket,
and	 drunk	 wine	 under	 the	 lilac	 tree	 in	 the	 walled	 garden.	 They’d	 disappeared	 inside	 the
woods,	and	stolen	apples	from	the	farm	next	door,	and	floated	down	the	stream	in	her	little
boat	as	one	silken	hour	spun	itself	into	the	next.	On	a	clear,	still	night,	they’d	dug	the	old
bicycles	 out	 of	 the	 shed	 and	 cycled	 together	 along	 the	 dusty	 lane,	 racing,	 laughing,
breathing	in	salt	from	the	warm	air	as	moonlight	made	the	stones,	still	hot	from	the	day,
shine	lustrous	white.
It	 had	 been	 the	 perfect	 summer.	 She’d	 known	 that	 at	 the	 time.	 The	 long	 sunny	 spell,
their	youth,	this	new	and	all-consuming	love	they’d	found;	but	there’d	been	larger	forces
at	work,	too.	That	summer	was	a	beginning	for	the	two	of	them—their	new	family,	their
life	 together—but	 it	 was	 also	 the	 end	 of	 something.	 They,	 along	 with	 the	 rest	 of
humankind,	 had	 stood	 at	 a	 precipice;	 the	 rhythms	 of	 their	 lifetime,	 unchanged	 for
generations,	 were	 about	 to	 be	 given	 a	 seismic	 jolt.	 There	 were	 people	 who’d	 glimpsed
what	 was	 coming,	 but	 not	 Eleanor.	 The	 future	 had	 seemed	 unimaginable.	 She’d	 been
happily	cocooned	in	the	sublime	and	heady	present	where	all	that	mattered	was	today.	But
war	clouds	had	been	gathering,	the	future	waiting	in	the	wings	.	.	.
The	 insect	 was	 still	 thrashing	 against	 the	 leadlight	 windows	 and	 Eleanor	 endured
another	 wave	 of	 grief	 as	 the	 present	 seeped	 back	 in.	 Theo.	 The	 reporter’s	 questions,	 the
photographer,	Alice	in	the	doorway	to	the	library.	The	look	on	Alice’s	face	had	been	one
that	Eleanor	recognized.	It	was	the	same	expression	she’d	worn	when	Eleanor	caught	her
scratching	 her	 name	 into	 the	 architraves	 of	 the	 house,	 the	 same	 as	 when	 Cook	 sent	 her
upstairs	as	a	tot	for	stealing	sugar	mice	from	the	larder,	as	when	she	ruined	her	new	dress
with	great	splotches	of	black	ink.
Alice	had	looked	guilty,	certainly,	but	there	was	more	to	it	than	that.	She’d	appeared	to
be	on	the	cusp	of	speaking.	But	what	could	Alice	have	wanted	to	say?	And	to	whom?	Did
she	know	something?	She’d	had	her	interview	with	the	policeman,	as	had	everyone	in	the
house.	Was	it	possible	she	had	information	about	Theo’s	whereabouts	that	she	hadn’t	yet
mentioned?
“How	could	she?”	came	a	voice	in	the	dark.	“She’s	still	but	a	child	herself.”

Eleanor	 hadn’t	 intended	 to	 speak	 aloud,	 and	 the	 realization	 that	 she	 had	 was
disquieting.	 She	 peered	 through	 the	 dim	 of	 the	 room.	 Her	 mouth	 was	 dry—an	 effect,
presumably,	 of	 the	 medication	 Dr.	 Gibbons	 had	 given	 her.	 She	 reached	 for	 the	 glass	 of
water	 on	 the	 bedside	 table	 and	 the	 person	 beyond	 it	 clarified	 in	 the	 gloom:	 her	 mother,
sitting	in	the	brown	velvet	chair	by	the	bureau.	Eleanor	said	quickly,	“Is	there	news?”
“Not	yet.”	Her	mother	was	writing	letters,	her	pen	scratching	across	the	vellum.	“But
the	 nice	 policeman,	 the	 older	 one	 with	 the	 poorly	 eye,	 told	 me	 they’ve	 received
information	that	might	be	of	assistance.”
“Information?”
Scritchety-scratch.	“Now,	now,	Eleanor,	you	know	I	haven’t	a	head	for	details.”
Eleanor	took	a	sip	of	water.	Her	hand	shook	and	her	throat	burned.	It	had	to	be	Alice.
She	 could	 just	 picture	 her	 second	 daughter	 fronting	 up	 to	 the	 policeman	 in	 charge,
confidence	 animating	 her	 eager	 features	 as	 she	 pulled	 out	 that	 journal	 of	 hers	 and
proceeded	to	deliver	crisp	notes.	Observations	and	theories	she	was	“just	positive”	were
relevant.
And	maybe	Alice	really	could	 help;	 perhaps	 she	 had	 seen	 something	 that	 would	 lead
the	 police	 to	 Theo.	 The	 girl	 had	 developed	 an	 uncanny	 habit	 for	 being	 where	 she
shouldn’t.
“I	need	to	speak	to	Alice.”
“You	need	to	rest.	Those	sleeping	tablets	of	Dr.	Gibbons	pack	quite	a	punch,	or	so	I’m
told.”
“Mother,	please.”
A	sigh.	“I	don’t	know	where	she	is.	You	know	what	that	girl’s	like.	You	ought	to	know;
you	were	just	the	same	at	that	age,	each	of	you	as	stubborn	as	the	other.”
Eleanor	didn’t	deny	the	comparison.	Neither,	if	she	were	honest,	could	she	contradict
the	description,	though	“stubborn”	was	perhaps	a	lazy	choice.	There	were	plenty	that	were
more	suitable.	Eleanor	preferred	to	think	of	her	younger	self	as	tenacious.	Devoted,	even.
“Mr.	Llewellyn	then.	Please,	Mother.	He’ll	know	where	to	find	Alice.”
“I	haven’t	seen	him	either.	As	a	matter	of	fact,	the	police	were	looking	for	the	man.	I
heard	they	couldn’t	find	him	anywhere—there	was	talk	he’d	taken	off.	Very	peculiar,	but
then	he	never	was	especially	reliable	and	he’s	been	jumpier	than	a	cat	lately.”
Eleanor	tried	to	sit	up.	She	didn’t	have	the	capacity	today	to	admit	her	mother’s	ancient
contempt	for	Mr.	Llewellyn.	She	was	going	to	have	to	find	Alice	herself.	Oh,	but	her	head
was	thumping.	She	cradled	it	in	her	hands	and	Edwina	whimpered	at	the	end	of	the	bed.
Just	 another	 minute	 or	 two	 to	 steady	 herself,	 that	 was	 all	 she	 needed.	 To	 stop	 her
thoughts	from	jumbling,	to	make	her	head	stop	spinning.	Constance	was	simply	stirring	up
mischief;	Eleanor	knew	there	was	no	way	Mr.	Llewellyn	would	desert	her	at	a	time	like
this.	He	had	 been	 anxious	 over	 the	 past	 few	 weeks,	 that	 much	 was	 true,	 but	 he	 was	 her
dearest	friend.	He	was	bound	to	be	in	the	garden	somewhere,	taking	care	of	the	girls;	it

was	 the	 only	 thing	 that	 explained	 his	 absence	 from	 her	 side.	 And	 when	 she	 found	 him,
she’d	find	Alice.
For,	 no	 matter	 how	 muddy	 her	 mind,	 no	 matter	 how	 desperately	 she	 wanted	 to	 sink
back	into	her	bed	and	hide	beneath	the	covers,	to	deny	the	horror	of	the	day,	Eleanor	was
determined	 to	 speak	 with	 Alice.	 Her	 daughter	 knew	 something	 about	 Theo’s
disappearance,	Eleanor	was	certain	of	it.

9
CORNWALL,	2003

It	had	been	almost	a	week	since	she	first	stumbled	upon	Loeanneth	and	Sadie	had	been
back	 every	 day.	 No	 matter	 which	 way	 she	 headed	 out	 on	 her	 morning	 run,	 she	 always
ended	up	in	the	overgrown	garden.	Her	favorite	place	to	sit	was	on	the	wide	rim	of	a	stone
fountain	 overlooking	 the	 lake,	 and	 this	 morning	 as	 she	 sat	 down,	 she	 spotted	 a	 crude
carving	in	the	shadowy	contour	of	the	fountain	base.	 A-L-I-C-E.	Sadie	ran	her	finger	along
the	 cool	 indentations	 of	 the	 letters.	 “Hello	 there,	 Alice,”	 she	 said.	 “It	 seems	 we	 meet
again.”
They	were	all	over	the	place,	these	engravings.	On	the	trunks	of	trees,	the	soft	wood	of
the	windowsills,	the	slippery	moss-green	platform	of	the	boathouse	she’d	discovered	and
explored	the	other	day.	Sadie	had	started	to	feel	as	if	she	and	Alice	Edevane	were	playing
an	elaborate	game	of	cat-and-mouse	across	the	decades,	a	connection	accentuated	by	the
fact	that	she’d	been	dipping	in	and	out	of	A	Dish	Served	Cold	all	week	while	she	played	at
holidays	 (for	 Bertie’s	 benefit)	 and	 tried	 to	 sort	 things	 out	 with	 Donald	 (she’d	 left	 six
messages	since	Monday,	made	countless	other	calls,	and	still	heard	nothing	back).	Despite
some	initial	doubts,	reading	had	proved	a	surprisingly	agreeable	pastime.	Sadie	liked	the
crabby	 detective,	 Diggory	 Brent,	 and	 was	 taking	 an	 inordinate	 amount	 of	 pleasure	 in
spotting	 the	 clues	 before	 he	 did.	 It	 was	 hard	 to	 imagine	 that	 the	 stern-faced	 woman
pictured	 inside	 the	 back	 covers	 of	 the	 crime	 novels	 had	 once	 been	 a	 junior	 delinquent,
defacing	the	family	home,	but	it	had	made	Sadie	warm	to	Alice	in	some	inexplicable	way.
It	 intrigued	 her,	 too,	 that	 a	 writer	 famous	 for	 inventing	 complex	 mysteries	 had	 been
involved,	however	peripherally,	in	a	real-life	crime	investigation,	particularly	one	that	had
never	 been	 solved.	 She	 wondered	 which	 had	 come	 first,	 the	 choice	 of	 genre	 or	 the
disappearance	of	a	baby	brother.
All	 week,	 faced	 with	 Donald’s	 silence,	 while	 she	 battled	 a	 deep	 sense	 of	 impotence,
Sadie	had	caught	herself	brooding	on	the	neglected	house	and	the	missing	child,	intrigued
by	its	puzzle.	She	would	rather	have	been	back	in	London	at	her	real	job,	but	anything	was
better	than	watching	the	clock	count	time	away,	and	her	interest	had	not	gone	unnoticed.
“Solved	it	yet?”	Bertie	had	taken	to	calling	whenever	she	and	the	dogs	clattered	through
the	front	door	to	his	cottage.	There	was	a	smile	in	his	voice	when	he	said	it,	as	if	he	were
pleased	to	see	her	occupied	but	guardedly	so.	Apparently	she	had	not	altogether	convinced
him	 with	 her	 holidaymaker	 act.	 She	 caught	 him	 watching	 her	 sometimes,	 a	 thoughtful
frown	on	his	face,	and	she	knew	questions	about	her	sudden	visit	to	Cornwall,	the	highly
unusual	absence	from	her	job,	were	damming	up	behind	his	lips.	Sadie	had	gotten	good	at
escaping	the	house,	backpack	slung	over	her	shoulders	and	dogs	at	her	heel,	whenever	it
looked	like	that	dam	might	be	on	the	brink	of	bursting.

The	dogs,	for	their	part,	were	thrilled	with	the	new	arrangement.	They	raced	ahead	of
Sadie,	 swapping	 places	 as	 they	 wove	 through	 the	 woods,	 before	 veering	 off	 the	 track
together,	chasing	one	another	into	the	long	grass	and	sliding	beneath	the	yew	hedge	to	take
up	yesterday’s	quarrel	with	the	ducks.	Sadie	lagged	behind,	but	then,	books	weren’t	light
and	 her	 backpack	 was	 full	 of	 them	 these	 days,	 care	 of	 her	 new	 friend	 Alastair	 Hawker,
village	librarian.
From	 the	 first	 time	 she’d	 met	 him,	 he’d	 been	 as	 helpful	 as	 his	 limited	 collection
allowed.	Unfortunately,	that	wasn’t	saying	much.	It	was	Hitler’s	fault.	A	bomb	during	the
Second	 World	 War	 had	 destroyed	 the	 newspaper	 records	 for	 the	 years	 prior	 to	 January
1941.	“I’m	really	very	sorry,”	Alastair	had	said.	“They’re	not	online,	but	I	can	order	them
from	the	British	Library,	find	you	something	else	to	get	you	started?”
Sadie	 had	 told	 him	 that	 suited	 her	 very	 well	 and	 he	 got	 down	 to	 business,	 tapping
keenly	 on	 a	 computer	 keyboard	 and	 flicking	 through	 old	 file	 cards	 in	 a	 set	 of	 wooden
drawers,	 before	 excusing	 himself	 to	 disappear	 at	 a	 brisk	 pace	 behind	 a	 door	 marked
Archives.
“Success,”	he	said	on	his	return,	brushing	dust	from	the	top	of	a	small	stack	of	books.
“Notable	Cornish	Families,”	he	read,	turning	to	the	table	of	contents	and	running	a	long
finger	 down	 the	 list,	 stopping	 at	 a	 spot	 midway.	 “Chapter	 Eight:	 The	 deShiels	 of
Havelyn.”
Sadie	looked	at	him,	unconvinced.	“The	house	I’m	interested	in	is	called	Loeanneth.”
“The	 Lake	 House,	 yes,	 but	 it	 used	 to	 be	 part	 of	 a	 much	 larger	 estate.	 I	 believe
Loeanneth	was	originally	the	head	gardener’s	residence.”
“And	the	deShiels?”
“They	 were	 local	 gentry,	 hugely	 powerful	 in	 their	 day.	 Same	 old	 story:	 strength	 and
influence	waned,	along	with	the	family’s	bank	balance.	Some	unwise	business	decisions,	a
few	bad	eggs,	the	obligatory	series	of	aristocratic	scandals.”	He	waved	the	book.	“You’ll
find	it	all	in	here.”
Sadie	had	left	with	a	shiny	new	library	card,	her	first;	a	photocopy	of	“Chapter	Eight:
The	deShiels	of	Havelyn”;	and	Arnold	Pickering’s	The	Edevane	Boy,	a	rapturously	written
account	of	the	disappearance	she	had	the	dubious	honor	of	being	the	first	to	borrow	since
August	1972.	She’d	also	borrowed	a	well-thumbed	copy	of	A	Dish	Served	Cold.
That	 afternoon,	 while	 Bertie	 was	 busy	 baking	 pear	 cake,	 Sadie	 had	 set	 up	 in	 the
courtyard	of	the	cottage,	listening	to	the	sigh	and	heave	of	the	sea	and	reading	about	the
deShiel	family.	It	was,	as	the	librarian	said,	a	tale	of	greatness	and	decline.	Sadie	skimmed
through	 the	 first	 few	 hundred	 years—the	 knighting	 by	 Elizabeth	 I	 of	 some	 seafaring
deShiel	who’d	managed	to	pilfer	great	masses	of	gold	from	the	Spanish,	the	awarding	of
lands	and	titles,	the	various	deaths,	marriages,	and	inheritances	that	followed—becoming
interested	again	around	1850,	when	the	family’s	fortunes	took	a	sharp	turn	for	the	worse.
There	 was	 the	 suggestion	 of	 a	 fleecing,	 something	 to	 do	 with	 a	 sugar	 plantation	 in	 the
West	 Indies,	 and	 a	 great	 gambling	 debt,	 and	 then	 a	 fire	 on	 Christmas	 Day,	 1878,	 that
started	 in	 the	 servants’	 hall	 and	 went	 on	 to	 destroy	 much	 of	 the	 manor	 house.	 Over	 the

next	 thirty	 years,	 the	 estate	 was	 carved	 into	 pieces	 and	 sold	 off	 bit	 by	 bit	 until	 all	 that
remained	to	the	deShiel	family	was	the	Lake	House	and	its	surrounding	acres.
The	 Edevanes,	 it	 turned	 out,	 were	 just	 a	 footnote	 in	 the	 house’s	 history.	 Three
paragraphs	from	the	end	of	the	chapter,	the	author	noted	that	Eleanor	deShiel,	the	last	in
the	 family	 line,	 had	 married	 Anthony	 Edevane	 in	 1911,	 after	 which	 Loeanneth	 was
restored	 and	 retained	 for	 use	 as	 their	 country	 residence.	 There	 was	 no	 mention	 of
Theodore	 Edevane’s	 disappearance,	 a	 fact	 that	 had	 surprised	 Sadie	 until	 she	 established
that	Notable	 Cornish	 Families	 had	 been	 published	 in	 1925,	 almost	 a	 decade	 before	 the
little	boy	went	missing;	indeed,	a	good	eight	years	before	he’d	been	born.
In	the	absence	of	this	intrigue,	the	author	had	focused	on	Eleanor	deShiel’s	status	as	the
inspiration	for	Daffyd	Llewellyn’s	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway,	a	children’s	storybook	that
had	 enjoyed	 great	 success	 in	 the	 first	 decade	 of	 the	 twentieth	 century.	 “If	 not	 for	 the
unlikely	rapport	between	Llewellyn	and	the	perspicacious	daughter	of	his	friend,	he	might
have	remained	a	physician,	never	discovering	his	gift	for	storytelling,	and	generations	of
children	would	have	been	deprived	of	a	treasured	tale.”	Llewellyn	had	continued	to	write
and	 illustrate	 and	 in	 the	 1934	 Honours	 was	 awarded	 a	 posthumous	 OBE	 for	 services	 to
literature.	 According	 to	 Alastair	 Hawker,	 the	 book	 was	 still	 around	 but	 hadn’t	 stood	 the
test	of	time	as	well	as	some	of	its	contemporaries.	Sadie	had	had	to	take	his	word	for	it.
She	 hadn’t	 read	 the	 book	 as	 a	 child;	 there’d	 been	 a	 copy,	 she	 thought,	 a	 gift	 from	 her
grandparents,	 but	 her	 mum	 and	 dad	 had	 declared	 it	 “nonsense,”	 taking	 predictable
exception	to	the	magical	elements	of	the	story	and	filing	it	distastefully	wherever	the	Enid
Blytons	went	to	die.
The	edition	she	had	now	on	her	lap	had	been	published	in	1936.	The	paper	was	soft	and
powdery,	interspersed	with	shiny	picture	pages	that	were	starting	to	spot	around	the	edge.
Plates,	 Alastair	 had	 called	 them,	 when	 she	 borrowed	 it	 from	 him	 on	 Monday.	 The	 story
was	about	a	little	girl	who	lived	in	a	big,	lonely	house	with	her	kind	but	ineffective	father
and	 an	 ice-cold,	 social-climbing	 stepmother.	 One	 day,	 when	 her	 parents	 were	 away	 in
London,	 the	 girl	 was	 rattling	 around	 the	 drafty	 house	 and	 found	 herself	 before	 a	 door
she’d	never	noticed.	On	the	other	side	she	found	a	wizened,	white-haired	man,	“like	Old
Father	 Time	 himself,”	 the	 walls	 around	 his	 bed	 covered	 from	 floor	 to	 ceiling	 in	 handdrawn	maps	and	carefully	sketched	landscapes.	“What	are	you	doing	here?”	she	asked,	as
well	one	might;	“I’ve	been	waiting	for	you,”	he	said	in	response,	before	beginning	the	tale
of	a	far-off	magic	land	in	which	once	upon	a	time	a	terrible	wrong	was	done	that	ruptured
the	peace	and	allowed	war	and	strife	to	flourish.	“There	is	only	one	person	who	can	make
things	right,	and	that	is	you,”	he	said.
By	following	his	maps,	the	girl	discovered	a	tunnel	in	the	overgrown	garden	that	took
her	 to	 the	 magic	 land.	 There	 she	 joined	 with	 a	 trusty	 band	 of	 oppressed	 locals	 and
undertook	a	number	of	adventures	and	battles	to	trounce	the	wicked	usurper	and	restore
peace	and	happiness	to	the	land.	When	at	last	she	made	her	way	back	through	the	tunnel,	it
was	to	discover	that	no	time	had	passed	at	all	and	yet	her	home	had	changed	entirely.	Her
father	 was	 happy,	 her	 mother	 still	 alive,	 and	 the	 house	 and	 garden	 had	 lost	 their	 gloom.
She	ran	to	tell	the	old	man	of	her	success,	only	to	find	the	room	was	empty.	Her	parents
told	her	she	must	have	dreamed	the	whole	thing,	and	the	girl	almost	believed	them	until

she	found,	hidden	beneath	the	wallpaper	in	the	spare	bedroom,	a	single	map	of	the	magic
land.
Sitting	 on	 the	 rim	 of	 the	 fountain,	 Sadie	 took	 a	 bite	 of	 the	 cheese	 sandwich	 she’d
brought	in	her	backpack	and	held	the	book	up	in	front	of	her,	comparing	an	illustration	of
the	 storybook	 house	 to	 the	 real	 one	 behind.	 She’d	 asked	 Alastair	 to	 find	 her	 some
additional	 information	 on	 the	 author,	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn.	 According	 to	 the	 preface	 at	 the
beginning	 of	 the	 book,	 he	 was	 a	 close	 family	 friend	 to	 the	 Edevanes,	 and	 there	 was	 no
doubting	he’d	taken	his	inspiration	from	Loeanneth.	The	house	in	Llewellyn’s	illustration
was	a	dead	ringer	for	the	real	thing;	he’d	even	captured	the	leaning	angle	of	the	window
on	 the	 far-left-hand	 side.	 It	 had	 taken	 Sadie	 days	 of	 close	 inspection	 to	 notice	 that	 the
window	 wasn’t	 square.	 She	 turned	 to	 the	 plate	 marked	 fig.	ii,	 an	 illustration	 of	 a	 wildhaired	little	girl	in	old-fashioned	clothing,	standing	beside	a	stone	pillar	with	a	brass	ring
at	its	base.	The	sun’s	glare	was	impossibly	bright	and	Sadie	had	to	squint	to	read	the	line
of	 text	 beneath	 the	 picture:	 There,	 under	 the	 deepest,	 darkest,	 most	 whispering	 willow,
Eleanor	found	what	the	old	man’s	map	had	promised.	“Pull	the	ring,”	the	air	around	her
seemed	to	breathe,	“pull	the	ring	and	see	what	happens.”
Sadie	threw	the	crust	of	her	sandwich	to	an	insistent	cluster	of	cygnets	and	wiped	her
hand	 on	 her	 tracksuit	 bottoms.	 From	 what	 she	 could	 gather,	 these	 kids’	 books	 were	 all
alike.	 Isolated	 child	 finds	 doorway	 into	 magical	 world;	 adventures	 and	 heroism	 ensue.
Evil	 is	 vanquished,	 old-man	 storytellers	 are	 freed	 from	 the	 curses	 that	 detain	 them,	 and
everything	is	made	right	with	the	world.	It	seemed	a	lot	of	kids	dreamed	about	escaping
childhood,	of	having	power	over	their	own	destiny.	Sadie	could	relate	to	that.	Some	went
through	the	back	of	a	wardrobe,	others	to	the	top	of	an	enchanted	tree;	Eleanor	had	found
an	escape	hatch	in	the	garden.	Unlike	some	doorways,	Eleanor’s	had	been	real.	Sadie	had
been	chuffed	when	she	found	it	on	Tuesday	morning,	the	brass	ring	and	the	pillar,	just	like
the	 story	 said,	 hidden	 beneath	 a	 particularly	 virulent	 willow	 on	 the	 far	 side	 of	 the	 lake.
Naturally,	 she’d	 tried	 to	 open	 it,	 but	 despite	 summoning	 all	 her	 strength,	 the	 trapdoor
hadn’t	budged.
Their	 childhoods	 might	 have	 been	 decidedly	 different,	 but	 Sadie	 felt	 a	 kinship	 with
Eleanor	Edevane	all	the	same.	She	liked	the	little	girl	in	the	fairy	story,	with	her	spirit	of
honor	and	bravery	and	mischief;	she	was	just	the	kind	of	girl	Sadie	would	have	loved	to	be
when	she	was	small.	But	it	was	more	than	that,	too.	Sadie	felt	bonded	to	Eleanor	because
of	something	she’d	found	in	the	old	boathouse	the	other	day,	down	by	the	stream.	She’d
climbed	through	a	broken	window	into	a	room	that	had	been	set	up	with	a	bed,	a	table,	and
a	few	other	basic	furnishings.	Everything	was	covered	in	dust	and	dirt	and	a	moist	blanket
of	age,	and	after	a	thorough	search	Sadie	had	turned	up	nothing	useful	and	only	one	item
that	could	rightly	be	termed	interesting.	The	envelope	had	slipped	behind	the	head	of	the
bed	and	been	lost	for	the	better	part	of	a	century.	Inside	was	a	single	sheet	of	paper	with	an
elaborate	 design	 of	 deep	 green	 ivy	 leaves	 around	 the	 edges,	 the	 second	 page	 of	 a	 letter
with	Eleanor’s	name	at	the	end.
It	 was	 a	 love	 letter,	 written	 while	 she	 was	 pregnant,	 in	 which,	 amid	 intimate
declarations	 that	 his	 love	 had	 saved	 her	 life,	 she	 tried	 to	 convey	 to	 her	 husband	 the
miraculous	changes	taking	place	as	their	baby	grew—a	tiny	mix	of	you	and	me.	Sadie	had
presumed	 at	 first	 that	 the	 baby	 was	 Theo	 Edevane,	 until	 she	 noted	 Eleanor’s	 poignant

lament	that	her	love	was	too	far	away,	that	she	wished	he	could	be	near,	that	she	missed
him	 desperately.	 She	 realized	 then	 that	 the	 letter	 must	 have	 been	 written	 when	 Anthony
was	 in	 France	 during	 the	 First	 World	 War.	 According	 to	 The	 deShiels	 of	 Havelyn,	 the
Edevanes	had	had	three	daughters:	Deborah,	born	before	the	war,	Clementine	afterwards,
and	Alice	smack	bang	in	the	middle.	Thus,	the	baby	whose	birth	Eleanor	anticipated	with
such	 longing	 must	 be	 Alice.	 Passionate	 and	 honest,	 the	 letter	 provided	 such	 a	 strong
insight	 into	 Eleanor’s	 character	 that	 Sadie	 could	 almost	 hear	 the	 other	 woman’s	 voice,
clear	and	true,	across	the	passage	of	ninety	years.
Now	she	closed	the	library	book	with	a	clap,	sending	a	colony	of	mold	spores	hurtling.
The	sun	was	high	and	moisture	was	evaporating	from	the	lake’s	surface.	Reflected	light
danced	 on	 the	 underside	 of	 leaning	 branches	 and	 leaves	 glistened,	 impossibly	 green.
Despite	 the	 day’s	 warmth,	 Sadie	 shivered	 as	 she	 looked	 up	 towards	 the	 house.	 Even
without	its	link	to	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway,	this	place	still	gave	her	the	uncanny	sense	of
having	stumbled	into	the	pages	of	a	fairy	story.	The	more	time	she	spent	in	the	Loeanneth
garden,	the	more	she	learned	about	the	house	and	the	people	who’d	lived	inside	it,	with
each	new	imprint	of	 ALICE	she	discovered,	the	less	she	felt	like	an	intruder.	And	yet	she
couldn’t	shake	the	feeling	that	the	house	was	watching	her.
Ridiculous,	fanciful	nonsense.	It	was	the	sort	of	thing	Bertie’s	new	friend	Louise	might
think;	Donald	was	guffawing	in	her	mind.	It	was	the	stillness	she	was	responding	to,	the
lack	 of	 human	 habitation	 and	 its	 legacy.	 Houses	 weren’t	 meant	 to	 stand	 empty.	 A	 house
without	occupants,	especially	one	like	this,	still	filled	with	a	family’s	possessions,	was	the
saddest,	most	pointless	thing	on	earth.
Sadie	followed	a	flock	of	mirrored	clouds	as	they	drifted	across	the	leadlight	windows
on	the	top	floor,	her	gaze	stopping	at	the	window	on	the	far	left.	The	nursery,	the	last	place
Theo	 Edevane	 had	 been	 seen	 before	 he	 went	 missing.	 She	 took	 up	 a	 pebble,	 rolling	 it
thoughtfully	 between	 her	 thumb	 and	 index	 finger,	 judging	 its	 weight	 idly	 in	 her	 palm.
That,	 there,	 was	 the	 crux	 of	 it.	 This	 house	 might	 easily	 have	 been	 forgotten	 but	 for	 the
story	attached	to	it,	the	infamy	of	that	little	boy’s	disappearance.	Over	time	the	infamy	had
gained	an	echo	and	eventually	it	had	ripened	into	folklore.	The	fairy	story	of	a	little	boy
lost	and	a	house	cast	into	an	eternal	sleep,	holding	its	breath	as	the	garden	continued	to
tumble	and	grow	around	it.
Sadie	cast	the	pebble	in	a	lazy	arc	towards	the	lake,	where	it	landed	with	a	rich	plink.
No	doubt	about	it,	the	fairy-tale	element	was	one	of	the	trickiest	aspects	of	the	case.	Cold
cases	were	always	a	challenge,	but	this	one	had	the	added	folklore	factor.	The	story	had
been	 told	 and	 retold	 so	 many	 times	 that	 people	 had	 come	 to	 accept	 its	 mystery.	 If	 they
were	honest,	most	people	didn’t	want	an	answer—outsiders,	that	is,	people	who	weren’t
involved;	 that	 the	 mystery	 was	 unsolvable	 was	 part	 of	 its	 appeal.	 But	 it	 hadn’t	 been
witchcraft	or	magic,	and	children	did	not	spontaneously	dematerialize.	They	were	lost,	or
stolen,	 or	 trafficked.	 Killed,	 sometimes,	 too,	 but	 mostly	 given	 or	 taken	 away.	 Sadie
frowned.	 There	 were	 so	 many	 shadow	 children	 out	 there,	 separated	 from	 their	 parents,
tugging	at	their	mothers’	skirts.	Where	had	this	one	gone?
Alastair	 had	 been	 as	 good	 as	 his	 word,	 putting	 in	 an	 order	 for	 copies	 of	 the	 original
newspaper	 articles,	 and	 Bertie’s	 friend	 Louise,	 who	 seemed	 to	 be	 “just	 popping	 in”
whenever	Sadie	entered	the	kitchen,	had	promised	to	ask	around	the	old	people’s	wing	of

the	hospital	for	anyone	who	might	know	something.	Sadie	had	confirmed	with	the	Land
Registry	Office	that	the	house	was	currently	owned	by	Alice	Edevane,	but	despite	proud
claims	 to	 the	 contrary,	 it	 transpired	 the	 “local”	 author	 lived	 in	 London	 and	 hadn’t	 been
spotted	 in	 the	 village	 for	 decades.	 Sadie	 had	 found	 a	 street	 address	 but	 no	 email;	 she
hadn’t	had	an	answer	to	either	of	her	letters	yet.	In	the	meantime,	she	was	making	do	with
the	library	copy	of	The	Edevane	Boy	by	Arnold	Pickering.
The	book	had	been	published	in	1955	as	part	of	a	series	called	Cornish	Mysteries	that
also	included	a	volume	of	collated	fairy	sightings	and	the	story	of	a	notorious	ghost	ship
that	appeared	in	the	bay.	These	stablemates	had	not	filled	Sadie	with	confidence,	and	sure
enough,	 Pickering’s	 account	 suggested	 a	 far	 greater	 love	 for	 intrigue	 than	 for	 truth.	 The
book	 didn’t	 venture	 a	 sensible	 theory,	 preferring	 to	 remain	 in	 thrall	 to	 “the	 mysterious
disappearance	 that	 Midsummer’s	 Eve.”	 It	 did,	 however,	 contain	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 a
decent	summary	of	events,	and	beggars	couldn’t	be	choosers.
Sadie	 took	 out	 her	 notes,	 newly	 encased	 in	 a	 folder	 she’d	 labeled	 Edevane.	 It	 was
becoming	 something	 of	 a	 daily	 ritual	 to	 read	 them	 through,	 here	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 old
fountain.	It	was	how	Sadie	always	worked,	inputting	every	detail	of	a	case,	over	and	over,
until	she	could	recite	the	contents	of	a	file	by	memory.	Donald	called	it	obsessive	(he	was
more	 a	 ponder-by-pint	 man),	 but	 Sadie	 figured	 one	 man’s	 obsession	 was	 another	 girl’s
devotion,	and	if	there	was	a	better	way	to	discover	flaws,	holes,	and	discrepancies	in	the
evidence,	she	was	yet	to	find	it.
According	to	Pickering,	Theodore	Edevane	was	last	seen	at	eleven	on	the	night	of	the
party,	 when	 his	 mother	 went	 to	 the	 nursery	 to	 check	 on	 him.	 It	 was	 the	 same	 time	 she
looked	in	each	evening	before	retiring	to	bed,	and	the	boy’s	habit	was	then	to	sleep	until
morning.	 He	 was	 a	 good	 sleeper,	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 had	 told	 police,	 and	 he	 rarely	 woke
during	the	night.
Her	visit	to	the	nursery	on	the	evening	of	the	party	was	verified	by	one	of	the	maids,
who	saw	Mrs.	Edevane	leave	the	room	and	stop	to	speak	briefly	with	another	servant	on
the	stairs.	The	maid	confirmed	the	time	as	just	after	eleven	and	said	she	knew	this	because
she	 was	 carrying	 a	 tray	 of	 used	 champagne	 flutes	 back	 to	 the	 kitchen	 in	 order	 that	 they
might	be	cleaned	so	the	guests	would	have	them	for	the	fireworks	display	at	midnight.	The
footman	on	duty	by	the	front	door	reported	seeing	Mrs.	Edevane	leave	the	house	just	after
eleven,	after	which	time	none	of	the	guests	or	family	members	reentered,	except	to	visit
the	bathroom	on	the	ground	floor,	until	the	end	of	the	party.
Mrs.	 Edevane	 spent	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 evening	 at	 the	 boathouse,	 where	 gondolas	 were
taking	 partygoers	 for	 joyrides	 down	 the	 lantern-lit	 stream,	 and	 retired	 to	 bed	 just	 after
sunrise,	when	the	last	guests	had	left,	presuming	her	children	were	all	where	they	should
be.	 She	 fell	 asleep	 quickly	 and	 stayed	 that	 way	 until	 she	 was	 woken	 at	 eight	 by	 a	 maid
who	informed	her	that	Theo	wasn’t	in	his	cot.
The	 family	 carried	 out	 a	 preliminary	 search,	 but	 without	 any	 great	 sense	 of	 urgency,
and	without	alerting	those	guests	who’d	stayed	overnight.	One	of	the	Edevane	daughters
—the	youngest,	Clementine—had	a	habit	of	slipping	out	of	the	house	early	and	had	been
known,	on	occasion,	to	take	her	little	brother	with	her	if	he	were	awake	when	she	passed
the	nursery.	It	was	presumed	to	be	the	case	in	this	instance.

Breakfast	was	still	being	served	in	the	dining	room	when	Clementine	Edevane	returned
to	 the	 house,	 alone,	 just	 after	 ten.	 When	 she	 professed	 no	 knowledge	 of	 her	 brother’s
whereabouts,	 reporting	 that	 the	 door	 to	 his	 nursery	 had	 been	 closed	 when	 she	 passed	 at
six,	 police	 were	 called	 to	 the	 house.	 The	 boy	 was	 officially	 declared	 missing	 and	 a
massive	search	was	launched.
Although	Pickering	seemed	happy	to	believe	that	the	boy	had	simply	vanished	into	the
night,	he	did	include	a	small	summary	of	the	police	investigations,	outlining	two	official
explanations	for	Theodore	Edevane’s	disappearance:	the	boy	had	wandered	or	he	had	been
abducted.	The	wandering	theory	was	lent	credence	when	it	was	discovered	his	favorite	toy
puppy	was	also	gone,	but	as	the	search	widened	and	no	trace	of	the	child	was	found,	and
in	 light	 of	 the	 family’s	 wealth,	 police	 became	 convinced	 the	 latter	 was	 more	 likely.	 At
some	 point	 between	 eleven	 o’clock	 on	 Midsummer’s	 Eve	 and	 eight	 the	 following
morning,	someone	had	crept	into	the	nursery	and	removed	the	boy.
It	 seemed	 a	 reasonable	 assumption	 and	 one	 with	 which	 Sadie	 was	 inclined	 to	 agree.
She	 looked	 across	 the	 lake	 towards	 the	 house	 and	 tried	 to	 imagine	 herself	 into	 the
nighttime	 party	 as	 described	 by	 Pickering:	 people	 everywhere,	 lanterns	 and	 flares,
gondolas	 with	 laughing	 passengers	 drifting	 down	 the	 lamplit	 stream,	 a	 bonfire	 in	 the
middle	of	the	lake.	Music	and	laughter	and	the	noise	of	three	hundred	people	chatting.
If	the	boy	had	wandered—and	Pickering	quoted	a	newspaper	report	in	which	Anthony
Edevane	 said	 his	 son	 had	 recently	 started	 climbing	 from	 his	 cot	 and	 had	 once	 or	 twice
made	his	way	down	the	stairs—then	what	chance	was	there	that	no	one	at	the	party	had
seen	 him?	 Pickering	 alluded	 to	 a	 few	 uncertain	 reports	 from	 guests	 who	 “might	 have”
noticed	a	child,	but	evidently	there	was	nothing	concrete.	And	if	the	eleven-month-old	had
somehow	managed	to	avoid	detection	as	he	crossed	the	garden,	how	far	was	it	reasonable
to	 presume	 he	 might	 have	 traveled?	 Sadie	 didn’t	 know	 much	 about	 children	 and	 their
milestones,	but	presumably	even	an	advanced	walker	would	have	run	out	of	steam	pretty
quickly?	Police	had	searched	for	miles	in	all	directions	and	uncovered	nothing.	Besides,	it
was	 incredibly	 unlikely	 that	 seventy	 years	 had	 passed	 without	 anything	 turning	 up:	 no
body,	no	bones,	not	even	a	shred	of	clothing.
There	were	problems	with	the	abduction	theory,	too.	Namely,	how	someone	could	have
got	 inside,	 taken	 the	 child	 and	 then	 left	 again	 without	 arousing	 suspicion.	 There’d	 been
hundreds	of	people	cluttering	up	the	house	and	garden,	and	as	far	as	Sadie	could	tell,	there
were	 no	 solid	 reports	 of	 anyone’s	 seeing	 or	 hearing	 anything.	 She’d	 spent	 all	 of
Wednesday	morning	scouting	about	the	house	looking	for	exits	and	found	two,	other	than
the	front	door,	that	seemed	viable:	the	French	doors	leading	from	the	library	and	another
door	at	the	back	of	the	house.	The	library	was	out,	surely,	because	the	party	had	spilled
around	to	the	garden	there,	but	Sadie	had	wondered	about	that	back	door.
She’d	tried	to	look	through	the	keyhole	and	had	given	the	door	a	hearty	shake	in	the
hopes	it	might	swing	open;	there	was	a	difference,	after	all,	between	breaking	and	entering
and	 just	 plain	 entering.	 Ordinarily,	 Sadie	 wasn’t	 one	 for	 splitting	 hairs,	 and	 it	 wasn’t	 as
though	 there	 was	 anyone	 around	 to	 mind	 if	 she	 broke	 the	 latch	 to	 get	 inside,	 but	 with
things	as	sticky	as	they	were	with	Donald,	and	the	looming	shadow	of	Ashford,	who	had
the	power	and	possibly	the	inclination	to	kick	her	off	the	force,	she	figured	it	was	wise	to
be	on	her	best	behavior.	Climbing	through	the	window	into	a	virtually	empty	boathouse

was	one	thing,	breaking	into	a	fully	furnished	manor	house	was	quite	another.	The	room
beyond	 the	 door	 would	 remain	 a	 mystery	 until	 Alastair	 was	 enlisted	 to	 find	 her	 a	 floor
plan	 in	 the	 county	 collection.	 “I’m	 a	 nut	 for	 maps	 and	 plans,”	 he’d	 said,	 barely	 able	 to
conceal	his	glee	at	having	been	asked	to	obtain	one.	It	had	taken	him	no	time	at	all	and
thus	 by	 Thursday	 Sadie	 had	 learned	 that	 the	 door	 was	 the	 servants’	 entrance	 into	 the
kitchen.
Which	didn’t	exactly	help	matters.	The	kitchen	would	have	been	buzzing	on	the	night
of	 the	 party.	 Surely	 there	 was	 no	 way	 anyone	 could	 have	 sneaked	 out	 undetected	 with
Theo	Edevane	under	one	arm?
Sadie	 glanced	 again	 at	 Alice’s	 name	 engraved	 in	 its	 secret	 spot	 at	 the	 base	 of	 the
fountain.	“Come	on,	Alice,”	she	said.	“You	were	there.	Throw	a	girl	a	bone.”
The	silence	was	deafening.
Well,	no,	not	silence,	for	it	was	never	silent	here.	Each	day,	as	the	sun	rose	higher	into
the	sky,	the	choir	of	insects	hovering	amongst	the	reeds	warmed	to	a	feverish	static;	it	was
the	lack	of	clues	that	was	deafening.
Frustrated,	Sadie	cast	her	notes	aside.	Trying	to	find	gaps	in	the	evidence	was	all	well
and	good,	but	the	method	relied,	funnily	enough,	on	having	evidence	to	sift	through.	Real
evidence:	witness	statements,	police	theories,	reliable	information.	Right	now,	Sadie	was
working	with	only	the	flimsiest	of	outlines.
She	gathered	her	things,	slipping	the	books	and	file	inside	her	backpack,	and	called	to
the	dogs.	They	came	reluctantly,	but	soon	fell	into	step	as	Sadie	made	her	way	through	the
back	 garden,	 away	 from	 the	 house.	 Her	 explorations	 earlier	 in	 the	 week	 had	 revealed	 a
stream	at	the	rear	of	the	estate	that	could	be	followed	all	the	way	to	the	village.
In	a	matter	of	days,	God	willing,	she’d	have	some	concrete	material.	One	of	the	most
useful	 things	 she’d	 gleaned	 from	 Pickering’s	 book	 was	 the	 name	 of	 the	 investigating
officers,	 the	 youngest	 of	 whom,	 it	 turned	 out,	 was	 still	 alive	 and	 living	 in	 the	 area.
According	to	Pickering,	it	had	been	Clive	Robinson’s	first	case	after	joining	up	with	the
local	 police	 force.	 He’d	 been	 seventeen	 at	 the	 time	 and	 assistant	 to	 the	 local	 police
inspector,	DI	Hargreaves.
It	hadn’t	been	difficult	to	track	down	Clive	Robinson’s	address;	not	for	Sadie,	who	still
had	friends	in	Traffic.	A	friend,	at	any	rate.	An	amiable	enough	fellow	with	whom	she’d
shared	 a	 drunken	 fumble	 after	 a	 police	 night	 out	 a	 few	 years	 back.	 Neither	 of	 them	 had
mentioned	 it	 since,	 but	 he	 was	 always	 happy	 to	 expedite	 her	 requests	 for	 information.
She’d	jotted	down	the	address	and	driven	into	nearby	Polperro	on	Wednesday	afternoon.
There’d	 been	 no	 answer	 when	 she	 knocked,	 however,	 the	 next-door	 neighbor	 had	 been
most	forthcoming.	Clive	was	on	holiday	in	Cyprus	with	his	daughter	and	son-in-law,	but
would	be	back	the	following	day.	The	neighbor	knew	this,	she	volunteered,	because	she
was	 busy	 being	 neighborly,	 collecting	 mail	 and	 keeping	 Clive’s	 pot	 plants	 alive	 until	 he
returned.	Sadie	had	written	out	a	note	requesting	a	meeting	and	then	slipped	it	through	the
letterbox.	 She’d	 thanked	 the	 woman	 and	 commented	 that	 the	 plants	 appeared	 to	 be
thriving.	Sadie	held	a	special	affection	for	neighbors	like	Doris,	so	willing	to	share.

The	 dogs	 raced	 ahead,	 crossing	 the	 stream	 at	 its	 narrowest	 bend,	 but	 Sadie	 paused.
There	was	something	in	the	shallows	and	she	fetched	it	up	from	the	mud,	turning	it	over	in
her	fingers.	A	smooth	oval	stone,	flat	as	a	coin,	the	perfect	skimmer.	Bertie	had	taught	her
how	to	find	them,	back	when	she	first	went	to	live	with	her	grandparents	in	London	and
they’d	gone	for	walks,	the	three	of	them,	around	the	bathing	pond	in	Victoria	Park.	She
tossed	it	underarm,	pleased	when	it	bounced	obligingly	across	the	water’s	surface.
She	 searched	 between	 the	 reeds	 and	 had	 just	 found	 another	 lovely	 skimmer	 when	 a
flash	of	light	and	movement	on	the	other	side	of	the	stream	caught	her	eye.	Sadie	knew
what	it	was	at	once.	She	tightened	her	lips	and	blinked	long	and	hard.	Sure	enough,	when
she	 looked	 again,	 the	 backlit	 child	 with	 her	 hands	 raised	 for	 help	 was	 gone.	 Sadie
launched	the	stone,	watching	grimly	as	it	chased	its	mate	across	the	water.	When	finally	it
sank	 without	 a	 trace,	 she	 crossed	 the	 rocks	 to	 the	 other	 side	 and	 didn’t	 let	 herself	 look
back.

10
CORNWALL,	1914

“You	need	to	find	a	really	flat	one,”	Anthony	said,	digging	in	the	shallow	water	at	the
edge	 of	 the	 stream.	 “Just	 like	 this	 beauty	 here.”	 He	 held	 the	 small	 oval-shaped	 stone
between	 his	 fingertips,	 admiring	 it	 as	 he	 turned	 it	 this	 way	 and	 that.	 Sunlight	 glinted
behind	him	as	he	placed	it	in	little	Deborah’s	waiting	hand.
She	gazed	at	it	in	wonder,	her	downy	hair	falling	forwards	to	graze	the	top	of	her	wide
blue	eyes.	She	blinked	and	then	heaved	a	great	happy	sigh,	so	emphatically	pleased	with
the	 situation	 that	 she	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 stamp	 her	 little	 feet	 in	 a	 burst	 of	 explosive	 glee.
Somewhat	 foreseeably,	 the	 stone	 slipped	 from	 her	 palm	 and	 fell	 with	 a	 splash	 back	 into
the	water.
Deborah’s	 mouth	 formed	 an	 O	 of	 surprise,	 and	 after	 a	 brief	 inspection	 of	 her	 empty
hand,	a	plump	finger	shot	out	indignantly	to	point	at	the	place	where	it	had	disappeared.
Anthony	laughed	and	brushed	her	soft	hair	back	and	forth.	“Never	mind,	poppet.	There
are	plenty	more	where	that	one	came	from.”
From	 where	 she	 sat	 on	 the	 fallen	 log	 beneath	 the	 willow,	 Eleanor	 smiled.	 This,	 here,
was	everything.	This	late	summer’s	day,	the	smell	of	the	distant	sea,	the	people	she	loved
most	in	the	world	all	in	the	same	place.	On	days	like	today	it	felt	as	if	the	sun	had	cast	its
spell	 and	 it	 would	 never	 be	 winter	 again,	 and	 she	 could	 almost	 convince	 herself	 she’d
imagined	 the	 whole	 awful	 thing.	 .	 .	 .	 But	 then	 she	 would	 telescope	 out	 of	 the	 perfect
moment	 and	 the	 panic	 would	 return,	 a	 rabid	 gnawing	 in	 her	 stomach,	 because	 each	 day
was	going	faster	than	the	one	before	it,	and	no	matter	how	determinedly	she	tried	to	slow
time	down,	it	was	slipping	through	her	fingers	like	water,	like	those	flat	little	river	stones
through	Deborah’s	fingers.
She	 must	 have	 sighed	 or	 frowned	 or	 otherwise	 expressed	 her	 inner	 turmoil	 because
Howard,	sitting	beside	her,	leaned	to	bump	her	shoulder	lightly	with	his	own.	“It	won’t	go
on	for	long,”	he	said.	“He’ll	be	back	before	you	know	it.”
“By	Christmas,	they	say.”
“Not	even	four	months.”
“Barely	three.”
He	 took	 her	 hand	 and	 squeezed	 it	 and	 Eleanor	 felt	 a	 chill	 of	 presentiment.	 She	 told
herself	 she	 was	 being	 silly,	 and	 focused	 instead	 on	 the	 dragonfly	 hovering	 in	 the	 sunlit
reeds.	 Dragonflies	 didn’t	 imagine	 they	 could	 sense	 the	 future;	 they	 just	 flew	 about,
enjoying	the	sun	on	their	wings.	“Have	you	heard	from	your	Catherine?”	she	said	brightly.
“Only	to	tell	me	she’d	become	engaged	to	some	red-haired	cousin	from	the	north.”

“No!”
“I’d	thought	going	into	uniform	might	impress	her,	but	alas	.	.	.”
“More	fool	her.	She	doesn’t	deserve	you.”
“No	.	.	.	only	I’d	rather	hoped	I	might	deserve	her.”
He	 said	 it	 lightly,	 but	 Eleanor	 knew	 beneath	 his	 humor	 he	 was	 smarting.	 He’d	 fallen
deeply	for	Catherine;	according	to	Anthony	he’d	been	on	the	brink	of	proposing	marriage.
“There	are	plenty	more	fish	in	the	sea,”	she	said,	wincing	because	it	sounded	so	glib.
“Yes.	Only	Catherine	was	a	very	lovely	fish.	Maybe	if	I	come	back	from	the	war	with	a
small	but	impressive	injury	.	.	.”
“A	limp,	perhaps?”
“I	was	thinking	more	along	the	lines	of	an	eyepatch.	Just	enough	to	lend	me	a	certain
roguish	charm.”
“You’re	far	too	nice	to	be	a	rogue.”
“I	was	afraid	you’d	say	that.	War	will	toughen	me	up,	surely?”
“Not	too	much,	I	hope.”
Over	by	the	stream,	little	Deborah	laughed	with	delight	as	Anthony	dunked	her	toes	in
the	cooler,	deeper	stretch	of	water.	The	sun	had	slipped	a	little	in	the	sky	and	the	pair	of
them	 were	 bathed	 in	 light.	 The	 baby	 chuckle	 was	 infectious	 and	 Eleanor	 and	 Howard
smiled	at	one	another.
“He’s	 a	 lucky	 man,”	 Howard	 said,	 his	 tone	 unusually	 serious.	 “I’ve	 never	 envied
Anthony	 before—though	 God	 knows	 I’ve	 had	 more	 than	 enough	 reason—but	 I	 do	 envy
him	that.	Being	a	father.”
“Your	turn	next.”
“You	think	so?”
“I	know	so.”
“Yes,	I	suppose	you’re	right.	Who	could	resist	me?”	He	puffed	out	his	chest	and	then
frowned.	“Other	than	sweet	Catherine,	of	course.”
Little	 Deborah	 toddled	 over	 to	 where	 they	 were	 sitting,	 the	 short	 journey	 made
treacherous	 by	 her	 small	 stature	 and	 newness	 to	 walking.	 She	 held	 out	 her	 hand,
presenting	a	little	stone	with	all	the	solemnity	of	a	royal	bestowal.
“It’s	 beautiful,	 darling.”	 Eleanor	 took	 the	 pebble	 in	 her	 fingers.	 It	 was	 warm	 and
smooth	and	she	rubbed	her	thumb	over	its	surface.
“Da,”	said	Deborah	importantly.	“Da-da.”
Eleanor	smiled.	“Yes,	Da-da.”
“Come	on,	little	D,”	said	Howard,	swinging	her	up	onto	his	shoulders.	“Let’s	go	and
see	what	those	greedy	ducks	are	doing	on	the	lake.”

Eleanor	 watched	 them	 go,	 her	 daughter	 squealing	 with	 laughter,	 enjoying	 the	 ride	 as
Uncle	Howard	bobbed	and	weaved	his	way	through	the	trees.
He	 was	 such	 a	 good,	 kind	 man,	 yet	 for	 as	 long	 as	 she’d	 known	 him	 there’d	 been
something	 profoundly	 solitary	 about	 Howard.	 Even	 his	 sense	 of	 humor,	 his	 habit	 of
making	people	laugh,	seemed	somehow	only	to	isolate	him	further.	“That’s	because	he	is
alone,”	Anthony	had	said	when	Eleanor	mentioned	it.	“Except	for	us.	He	has	been	all	his
life.	No	brothers	or	sisters,	his	mother	long	dead	and	a	father	who	couldn’t	be	bothered.”
Eleanor	had	a	feeling	that	was	why	she	liked	him	so	much;	because	they	were	the	same,
the	two	of	them,	only	she’d	been	fortunate	enough	to	find	her	soulmate	on	a	busy	London
street,	while	Howard	was	still	searching.
“I’ll	make	a	champion	skimmer	of	her	yet,”	said	Anthony,	coming	towards	her	from	the
stream.
Eleanor	shook	away	sad	thoughts	and	smiled.	His	shirtsleeves	were	rolled	to	his	elbows
and	 she	 thought	 for	 the	 thousandth	 time	 what	 wonderful	 arms	 he	 had,	 what	 splendid
hands.	No	more	or	less	than	what	she’d	been	born	with,	and	yet	his	were	capable	of	fixing
broken	people.	At	least	they	would	be	when	he	completed	his	clinical	training,	once	the
war	was	over.	“I	expect	you	will,”	she	said.	“Only	I’m	concerned	you	waited	so	long	to
start	her	instruction.	She’s	almost	eleven	months	old.”
“She’s	a	fast	learner.”
“And	clearly	gifted.”
“She	takes	after	her	mother	in	that	respect.”	Anthony	leaned	down	to	kiss	her,	cupping
her	 chin	 in	 his	 hands,	 and	 Eleanor	 drank	 in	 the	 smell	 of	 him,	 his	 presence	 and	 warmth,
trying	to	fix	this	moment	in	her	memory.
He	 sat	 beside	 her	 on	 the	 log	 and	 sighed	 with	 deep	 satisfaction.	 How	 she	 wished	 she
could	be	like	him:	certain,	confident,	at	peace.	Instead	she	worried	constantly.	How	would
she	 manage	 when	 he	 left?	 How	 would	 she	 make	 it	 right	 for	 little	 D?	 Already	 their
daughter	adored	her	father	especially,	seeking	him	out	each	morning,	her	face	widening	in
a	 smile	 of	 sheer	 delight	 when	 she	 saw	 that,	 yes,	 joy	 of	 joys,	 he	 was	 still	 here.	 Eleanor
couldn’t	bear	to	imagine	the	first	time	that	little	face	sought	her	father	in	vain,	remaining
poised	 on	 the	 anticipation	 of	 delight.	 Worse—the	 first	 day	 she	 forgot	 to	 seek	 him
altogether.
“I	have	something	for	you.”
Eleanor	blinked.	Her	fears	were	like	flies	at	a	picnic:	as	fast	as	she	swatted	them	away,
there	were	more	to	replace	them.	“You	do?”
He	 rummaged	 in	 the	 basket	 they’d	 brought	 down	 from	 the	 house	 and	 handed	 her	 a
small	flat	package.
“What	is	it?”
“Open	it	and	see.”
“It’s	a	book,”	she	said.
“It’s	not.	And	you	really	shouldn’t	guess	like	that.”

“Why	not?”
“One	day	you’ll	be	right	and	you’ll	spoil	the	surprise.”
“I’m	never	right.”
“That’s	a	good	point.”
“Thank	you.”
“Though	there’s	a	first	time	for	everything.”
“I’m	going	to	open	this	now.”
“I	wish	you	would.”
She	tore	off	the	paper	and	drew	breath.	Inside	was	the	most	beautiful	ream	of	writing
paper	she’d	ever	seen.	Eleanor	ran	her	fingertips	over	the	soft	cotton	sheets,	following	the
elegant	green	vine	of	ivy	leaves	that	twined	its	way	around	the	borders.
“It’s	so	you	can	write	to	me,”	he	said.
“I	know	what	it’s	for.”
“I	don’t	want	to	miss	anything	while	I’m	gone.”
The	 word	 gone	 brought	 home	 the	 reality	 of	 what	 was	 about	 to	 happen.	 She’d	 been
trying	 so	 hard	 to	 contain	 her	 worries.	 He	 was	 so	 strong	 and	 sure	 and	 she	 wanted	 to	 be
equal	to	him,	didn’t	want	to	disappoint	him,	but	at	times	her	fear	threatened	to	consume
her.
“You	don’t	like	it?”	he	said.
“I	love	it.”
“Then	.	.	.	?”
“Oh,	Anthony.”	Her	words	came	in	a	rush.	“I	know	it’s	not	very	brave	of	me,	and	we’re
all	supposed	to	be	very	brave	at	times	like	these,	but—”
He	pressed	a	finger	lightly	to	her	lips.
“I	don’t	think	I	can	bear—”
“I	know.	But	you	can	and	you	will.	You’re	as	strong	as	anyone	I’ve	ever	met.”
He	kissed	her,	and	she	sank	into	his	embrace.	Anthony	thought	she	was	strong.	Maybe
she	 could	 be?	 Maybe	 for	 the	 sake	 of	 Deborah	 she	 could	 manage	 to	 overcome	 her	 own
emotions?	 She	 pushed	 aside	 her	 fears	 and	 allowed	 herself	 to	 disappear	 into	 the	 perfect
satisfaction	and	fulfilment	of	this	moment.	The	stream	burbled	on	its	way	towards	the	sea,
just	as	it	always	had,	and	she	rested	her	head	on	his	warm	chest,	listening	to	the	steady
thud	of	his	heart.	“Come	home	to	me.”
“Nothing	will	stop	me.”
“Promise	you	won’t	let	it?”
“I	promise.”

11
CORNWALL,	2003

Sadie	went	home	by	way	of	the	library.	The	dogs	knew	the	drill	by	now,	kicking	about	a
bit	before	settling	at	the	corner	of	the	building	near	the	stainless-steel	water	bowl	Alastair
had	started	leaving	for	them.
It	was	dim	inside,	but	after	some	scouting	Sadie	spotted	the	librarian	crouched	behind	a
stack	of	books	in	the	large-print	section.
He	smiled	when	he	saw	her.	“I’ve	got	something	for	you.”
He	fetched	an	A4-sized	envelope	from	beneath	the	desk.
“Is	it	what	I	think	it	is?”
“Polperro	Post,”	he	said.	“The	day	after	the	disappearance.”
Sadie	let	out	a	small,	satisfied	breath.
“That’s	not	all.”	He	handed	her	a	thick	stack	of	bound	pages	with	her	name	attached	to
the	front	with	a	rubber	band.	“Fictional	Escap(e)ades:	Mothers,	Monsters	and	Metaphysics
in	Children’s	Fiction,	a	doctoral	dissertation	featuring	a	chapter	on	Daffyd	Llewellyn	and
Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway.”
Sadie’s	eyebrows	arched.
“And	last	but	not	least	.	.	.”
“There’s	more?”
“We	aim	to	please.	Another	map	of	the	property,	including	plans	for	the	house.	Rather
special,	this	one.	Quite	a	stroke	of	luck.	It	came	from	a	set	of	documents	that	were	only
discovered	a	few	years	ago.	They	were	stored	in	an	old	trunk—God	only	knows	who	put
them	there—and	found	when	renovations	were	being	undertaken	for	the	millennium.	The
originals	 were	 badly	 water-damaged	 but	 were	 sent	 off	 for	 restoration.	 They	 only	 came
back	to	the	County	Archives	last	month.”
Sadie	was	nodding	keenly	in	the	hope	it	would	hurry	him	along.	It	took	every	ounce	of
patience	she	had	not	to	tear	open	the	newspaper	archive	envelope	and	devour	its	contents
in	a	single	gulp,	but	listening	to	Alastair’s	enthusiastic	research-related	narrations	was	part
of	the	deal.	Never	mind	that	she	already	had	a	perfectly	adequate	plan	of	the	house	and
property.	Alastair	chattered,	Sadie	nodded,	until	finally	he	drew	breath	and	she	was	able	to
squeeze	in	a	thank-you	and	something	about	the	dogs	needing	to	get	home.
Her	mood	was	strangely	light	as	she	emerged	back	into	the	brilliance	of	the	sunlit	day,
packages	in	hand.	Sadie	would	never	have	guessed	in	a	million	years	that	a	person	could
gain	this	sort	of	satisfaction	from	a	visit	to	the	library,	certainly	not	a	person	like	her.

There	 was	 a	 small	 white-rendered	 hotel	 just	 down	 the	 road,	 with	 giddy	 sprays	 of
flowers	in	hanging	baskets,	views	to	the	harbor,	and	a	convenient	wooden	bench	seat	out
front.	Sadie	sat	against	a	neat	sign	reading	HOTEL	GUESTS	ONLY!,	tore	open	the	envelope	and
scoured	the	article	inside.
Her	 heart	 sank	 as	 she	 realized	 the	 information	 wasn’t	 new.	 Clearly	 this	 was	 where
Pickering	 had	 done	 his	 research.	 There	 were,	 at	 least,	 two	 photographs	 she	 hadn’t	 seen
before:	 one	 of	 an	 elegant,	 smiling	 woman	 sitting	 beneath	 a	 tree	 with	 three	 little	 girls	 in
summer	 white	 dresses	 gathered	 around	 her	 and	 a	 copy	 of	 Eleanor’s	 Magic	 Doorway	on
her	lap;	and	another	featuring	the	same	woman,	only	this	time	her	face	was	serious	and
drawn	and	a	tall,	handsome	man	had	his	arm	around	her,	his	hand	resting	on	her	waist	by
way	of	support.	Sadie	could	identify	the	room	as	the	Loeanneth	library.	It	was	unchanged,
right	down	to	the	framed	picture	on	the	table	by	the	French	doors.	 DISTRAUGHT	 PARENTS!
the	 headline	 clamored,	 before	 continuing:	 Mr.	 and	 Mrs.	 Anthony	 Edevane	 urge	 anyone
with	information	on	the	whereabouts	of	their	young	son,	Theodore,	to	come	forward.
There	 was	 a	 depth	 of	 sorrow	 in	 the	 woman’s	 face	 that	 Sadie	 recognized.	 This	 was	 a
woman	who’d	lost	a	part	of	herself.	Although	the	letter	on	the	ivy-rimmed	paper	had	been
written	during	an	earlier	pregnancy,	the	longing	and	love	expressed	for	her	unborn	child
made	it	clear	that	Eleanor	was	the	sort	of	woman	for	whom	motherhood	was	a	blessing,
her	children	a	joy.	The	intervening	decades	had	given	the	photograph	an	additional	layer
of	resonance.	It	had	been	captured	when	the	horror	of	the	disappearance	was	hot	and	new,
when	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 still	 believed	 her	 son	 would	 be	 returned	 and	 that	 the	 raw,	 empty
hole	 torn	 by	 his	 absence	 was	 temporary.	 Sadie,	 observing	 the	 frozen	 moment	 from	 the
future,	 knew	 better.	 The	 loss	 was	 one	 Eleanor	 would	 always	 carry,	 and	 beyond	 the	 loss
itself,	the	agony	of	uncertainty.	Not	knowing	whether	her	baby	was	dead	or	alive,	loved	or
suffering,	whether	he	cried	for	her	through	the	long	nights.
She	 set	 the	 paper	 aside	 and	 looked	 down	 the	 cobbled	 lane	 towards	 the	 shimmer	 of
water.	 Maggie	 Bailey’s	 daughter	 had	 cried	 for	 her.	 When	 Sadie	 and	 Donald	 discovered
Caitlyn	alone	in	the	flat	in	Holborn,	the	little	girl’s	face	had	been	stained	with	old	tears.
The	 two	 of	 them	 had	 pushed	 their	 way	 through	 the	 stack	 of	 junk	 mail	 piled	 behind	 the
door	and	been	met	with	a	smell	so	foul	even	steel-gutted	Donald	had	retched;	the	rubbish
bin	in	the	kitchen	had	been	buzzing	with	flies.
Sadie	 would	 never	 forget	 her	 first	 glimpse	 of	 the	 Bailey	 child—she’d	 been	 halfway
down	the	corridor	when	the	small,	wide-eyed	girl	materialized	like	a	ghost	in	her	Dora	the
Explorer	nightie—but	then	they	hadn’t	been	expecting	a	child.	The	neighbor	who’d	made
the	 complaint	 had	 reported	 a	 bad	 smell;	 when	 questioned	 about	 the	 occupant	 of	 the
apartment,	she’d	described	a	woman	who	kept	to	herself,	occasional	loud	music,	a	mother
who	 came	 to	 visit	 sometimes.	 She	 hadn’t	 mentioned	 a	 child.	 Afterwards,	 when	 Sadie
asked	her	why	not,	she’d	shrugged	before	offering	the	familiar	refrain,	“You	didn’t	ask.”
All	hell	had	broken	loose	when	they	found	her.	Jesus	Christ,	a	child,	alone	for	a	week
in	a	locked	apartment?	Donald	had	called	it	in	while	Sadie	sat	on	the	floor	with	the	girl,
with	 Caitlyn—they’d	 learned	 her	 name	 by	 then—playing	 with	 a	 toy	 bus,	 struggling	 to
remember	the	lyrics	to	a	single	nursery	rhyme,	and	trying	to	get	her	head	around	how	this
turn	 of	 events	 changed	 things.	 It	 changed	 them	 a	 lot.	 Little	 girls	 left	 all	 alone	 tended	 to
bring	the	services	out	in	force,	and	more	police,	forensics	and	child	protection	all	seemed

to	come	at	once,	milling	about	in	the	tiny	apartment,	measuring	and	searching	and	dusting.
At	some	point,	as	the	day	turned	into	night,	the	little	girl	had	been	taken	away.
Sadie	didn’t	cry	over	her	work,	not	ever,	despite	the	sad	and	awful	things	she	saw,	but
she’d	 run	 hard	 that	 night,	 thudding	 along	 the	 pavements	 of	 Islington,	 through	 Highgate,
across	the	darkened	heath,	shuffling	pieces	of	the	puzzle	until	they	blurred	into	a	furious
fug.	Sadie	had	trained	herself	not	to	get	hung	up	on	the	emotive,	human	parts	of	crimesolving.	Her	job	was	to	unravel	puzzles;	the	people	involved	were	important	only	insofar
as	their	characters	could	be	usefully	applied	to	that	end,	determining	matters	of	motive	and
confirming	 or	 collapsing	 alibis.	 But	 that	 little	 girl,	 with	 her	 rumpled	 nightie,	 her	 bird’snest	hair,	and	those	frightened	eyes	as	she	called	for	her	mother,	kept	getting	in	the	way.
Hell,	she	was	still	getting	in	the	way.	Sadie	blinked	the	image	out	of	her	mind,	angry
with	herself	for	having	let	her	thoughts	drift	again	to	that	bloody	flat.	The	case	was	closed.
She	 focused	 on	 the	 harbor	 instead,	 the	 fishing	 boats	 coming	 back	 to	 roost,	 the	 gulls
circling	above	them,	swooping	and	soaring.
It	 was	 the	 parallels	 between	 the	 cases,	 of	 course:	 mothers	 and	 their	 children,	 the
removal	of	one	from	the	other.	The	photograph	of	Eleanor	Edevane,	her	face	hollowed	by
loss,	 by	 fear	 when	 faced	 with	 separation	 from	 her	 son,	 poked	 at	 Sadie’s	 soft	 spot.	 It
exposed	the	same	weakness	that	had	allowed	the	Bailey	case	to	weasel	its	way	beneath	her
skin,	that	had	kept	her	awake	at	night,	convinced	that	Maggie	Bailey	couldn’t	have	done
it,	walked	out	like	that,	left	a	child	of	two	alone	in	a	locked	flat	with	no	guarantee	she’d	be
found	in	time.
“Don’t	mean	to	disappoint	you,	Sparrow,”	Donald	had	said,	“but	it	happens	more	than
you’d	like	to	think.	Not	everyone’s	cut	out	to	be	a	mother.”
Sadie	hadn’t	disagreed.	She	knew	he	was	right;	she	knew	it	better	than	anyone.	It	was
the	 manner	 in	 which	 Maggie	 appeared	 to	 have	 left	 her	 daughter,	 the	 carelessness,	 that
didn’t	compute.	“Not	like	that,”	she’d	insisted.	“Maggie	might	not	have	been	able	to	stick
it	 out	 as	 the	 child’s	 mother,	 but	 she	 wouldn’t	 have	 risked	 her	 daughter	 suffering.	 She’d
have	called	someone,	made	some	sort	of	arrangement.”
And	 Sadie	 had	 been	 right,	 in	 a	 way.	 It	 turned	 out	 Maggie	 had	 made	 arrangements.
She’d	 walked	 out	 of	 Caitlyn’s	 life	 on	 a	 Thursday,	 the	 same	 day	 the	 little	 girl’s	 father
always	called	to	collect	her	for	his	weekend	custody	visit.	Only	that	week	he’d	been	out	of
town	on	a	fishing	trip	in	Lyme	Regis.	“I	told	her,”	he’d	said,	cradling	his	cheap	takeaway
cup	in	the	interview	room	at	the	Met.	“I	made	her	write	it	down	on	a	piece	of	paper	so	she
wouldn’t	 forget.	 I	 hardly	 ever	 go	 away,	 but	 my	 brother	 gave	 me	 a	 charter	 trip	 for	 my
birthday.	I	wrote	it	down	for	her.”	The	man	had	been	beside	himself,	worrying	away	small
pieces	 of	 polystyrene	 as	 he	 spoke.	 “If	 I’d	 only	 known,	 if	 she’d	 only	 said.	 When	 I	 think
what	might	have	happened	.	.	.”
He’d	given	them	information	that	painted	a	very	different	picture	of	Maggie	from	the
one	her	mother,	Nancy	Bailey,	had	supplied.	Not	a	surprise.	It	was	maternal	instinct,	Sadie
supposed,	to	paint	the	best	possible	portrait	of	one’s	child.	Still,	in	this	case	it	had	been
particularly	 unhelpful.	 It	 was	 a	 pity	 Sadie	 hadn’t	 met	 the	 father,	 Steve,	 first,	 before	 she
bought	Nancy’s	story,	lock,	stock,	and	barrel.	“You	know	the	problem?”	Donald	had	said
helpfully	when	all	was	done	and	dusted.	“You	and	the	grandmother,	the	pair	of	you	got	too

chummy.	Rookie	mistake.”	Of	all	the	comments	he’d	made,	that	one	had	stung	the	most.
Loss	 of	 objectivity,	 the	 intrusion	 of	 emotion	 into	 the	 realm	 of	 the	 rational—they	 were
among	the	worst	criticisms	you	could	level	at	a	detective.
Especially	 a	 detective	 for	 whom	 the	 accusation	 rang	 true.	 Don’t	 even	 think	 about
making	 contact	 with	 the	 grandmother.	 Donald	 was	 right.	 Sadie	 had	 liked	 Nancy,	 all	 the
more	because	she’d	said	the	things	Sadie	wanted	to	hear.	That	Maggie	was	a	responsible,
caring	mother	who’d	sooner	have	died	than	left	her	child	unattended,	that	the	police	were
wrong,	 that	 they	 ought	 to	 be	 looking	 for	 evidence	 of	 foul	 play.	 “Why	 would	 she	 lie?”
Sadie	 had	 demanded	 of	 Donald.	 “What’s	 in	 it	 for	 her?”	 He’d	 only	 shaken	 his	 head	 and
smiled	with	fond	sympathy.	“It’s	her	daughter,	you	goose.	What	else	is	she	going	to	say?”
Sadie	 had	 been	 cautioned	 against	 making	 any	 further	 attempts	 to	 visit	 Caitlyn	 after
Steve	filed	his	complaint,	but	she’d	seen	the	little	girl	once	again,	just	after	the	case	was
officially	 closed.	 Caitlyn	 had	 been	 walking	 between	 her	 father	 and	 his	 wife,	 Gemma,
holding	their	hands	as	they	left	the	Met,	a	kind-looking	couple	with	neat	haircuts	and	nice
clothes.	Someone	had	brushed	out	the	tangles	and	put	plaits	in	Caitlyn’s	hair,	and	as	Sadie
watched,	Gemma	stopped	to	listen	to	something	the	little	girl	said	before	swinging	her	up
onto	her	hip,	making	her	laugh	in	the	process.
It	was	only	a	brief	glimpse,	from	a	distance,	but	it	was	enough	to	know	that	things	had
turned	out	all	right.	The	other	woman	in	her	silk	wrap	dress,	with	her	kind	face	and	tender
gestures,	was	just	what	Caitlyn	needed.	Sadie	could	tell	just	by	looking	at	her	that	Gemma
was	the	sort	of	person	who’d	always	know	just	what	to	say	and	do,	who’d	know	exactly
who	Dora	the	Explorer	was,	and	have	the	lyrics	to	any	number	of	soothing	lullabies	at	the
ready.	 Evidently	 Donald	 had	 thought	 so	 too.	 “Best	 thing	 the	 mother	 could’ve	 done	 for
her,”	he’d	said	later	in	the	Fox	and	Hounds.	“Blind	Freddy	can	see	the	kid’s	better	off	with
her	 dad	 and	 that	 wife	 of	 his.”	 And	 children	 deserved	 that,	 didn’t	 they,	 the	 best	 possible
chance	to	thrive?	God	knew	there	were	enough	pitfalls	out	there	waiting	to	trip	them	up.
Sadie’s	thoughts	went	to	the	letter	she’d	dropped	in	the	postbox.	It	would	have	reached
the	girl	by	now.	Good	thing	she’d	printed	her	return	address	nice	and	clear	on	the	back	of
the	 envelope.	 No	 doubt	 they	 taught	 that	 sort	 of	 thing	 in	 the	 fancy	 school	 she	 went	 to.
Charlotte	 Sutherland.	 It	 was	 a	 good	 name,	 Sadie	 had	 decided;	 not	 the	 name	 Sadie	 had
given	her,	but	a	lovely	name	all	the	same.	It	was	rich-sounding,	educated	and	successful.
The	name	of	someone	who	enjoyed	hockey	and	horses	and	never	bit	her	tongue	for	fear	of
sounding	stupid.	All	the	things	Sadie	had	wanted	and	wished	for	when	she	handed	the	tiny
girl	over	to	the	nurse	and	watched	through	glazed	eyes	as	she	was	carried	away	to	a	better
future.
A	 jolting	 noise	 behind	 her	 and	 Sadie	 jumped.	 A	 stiff	 sash	 window	 was	 being	 jiggled
and	lifted	in	spurts.	The	lace	curtain	was	drawn	aside	and	a	woman	with	a	green	plastic
watering	can	appeared	in	its	place,	a	distinctly	proprietorial	tilt	to	her	nose	as	she	glared
down	at	the	seat	(HOTEL	GUESTS	ONLY!),	and	more	specifically	at	Sadie	on	it.
The	 dogs	 had	 finished	 their	 exploring	 and	 were	 sitting,	 ears	 cocked,	 watching	 Sadie
earnestly	 for	 a	 sign	 that	 it	 was	 time	 to	 go.	 As	 the	 hotelier	 began	 pouring	 water	 into	 the
hanging	basket	directly	above	her,	Sadie	gave	them	a	nod.	Ash	and	Ramsay	paced	ahead

towards	 Bertie’s	 place,	 while	 Sadie	 followed,	 trying	 to	 ignore	 the	 backlit	 shadow	 child
who’d	fallen	into	step	behind	her.
“Solved	it	yet?”	Bertie	called	as	Sadie	and	the	dogs	clattered	through	the	front	door.
She	found	him	in	the	courtyard	beyond	the	kitchen,	pruning	shears	in	hand,	a	small	pile
of	 weeds	 and	 trimmings	 on	 the	 bricks	 beside	 him.	 “Almost,”	 she	 said,	 dropping	 her
backpack	onto	the	slatted	garden	table.	“Just	the	small	matters	of	who,	how,	and	why.”
“Small	matters	indeed.”
Sadie	leaned	against	the	rock	border	wall	that	stopped	the	garden	from	sliding	down	the
steep	hill	into	the	sea.	She	took	in	a	deep	breath	and	released	it	steadily;	it	was	the	sort	of
thing	 you	 had	 to	 do	 when	 confronted	 with	 a	 view	 like	 that.	 The	 spill	 of	 wind-silvered
grass,	white	sand	tucked	into	a	cove	between	two	headlands,	the	vast	silken	sea	unfurling
from	azure	to	ink.	Picture	perfect.	Just	the	kind	of	view	sunburned	holiday-makers	posted
back	home	to	make	their	friends	and	family	jealous.	She	wondered	if	she	ought	to	buy	a
postcard	for	Donald.
“You	can	smell	the	tide	rising,	can’t	you?”	Bertie	said.
“And	here	I	was	blaming	the	dogs.”
Bertie	laughed	and	made	a	judicious	snip	to	the	stem	of	a	small	flowering	tree.
Sadie	sat	on	the	seat	beside	him,	propping	her	feet	on	the	steel	rim	of	a	watering	can.
Her	grandfather	had	green	fingers,	no	doubt	about	that.	Aside	from	the	small	paved	square
in	 the	 center	 of	 the	 garden,	 the	 rest	 was	 given	 over	 to	 flowers	 and	 foliage	 that	 tumbled
together	like	sea	foam.
Amid	the	ordered	disorder,	a	cluster	of	small	blue	flowers	with	yellow	starlike	centers
caught	 her	 eye.	 “Chatham	 Island	 forget-me-nots,”	 she	 said,	 remembering	 suddenly	 the
garden	he	and	Ruth	had	created	in	the	courtyard	behind	their	place	in	London.	“I	always
liked	 them.”	 He’d	 kept	 them	 in	 terra-cotta	 pots	 back	 then,	 hung	 on	 the	 brick	 walls;
amazing	what	he’d	been	able	to	do	with	nine	square	meters	and	an	hour	of	full	sun	each
day.	She’d	used	to	sit	with	him	and	Ruth	in	the	evenings	after	the	shop	was	closed;	not	at
first,	but	later,	when	she’d	been	there	a	few	months	and	the	due	date	was	drawing	near.
Ruth	 with	 her	 steaming	 cup	 of	 Earl	 Grey	 and	 her	 kind	 eyes,	 her	 infinite	 goodness:
Whatever	you	decide,	Sadie,	love,	we’ll	support	you.
Sadie	was	surprised	by	a	fresh	surge	of	grief.	Shocking	the	way	it	could	creep	up	on	her
even	now,	a	year	later.	How	deeply	she	missed	her	grandmother;	what	she’d	have	given	to
have	 her	 here	 today,	 warm	 and	 familiar,	 seemingly	 eternal.	 No,	 not	 here.	 To	 have	 Ruth
back	and	for	Bertie	never	to	have	left	their	London	home.	It	seemed	like	all	the	important
decisions	had	been	made	in	that	tiny,	walled	garden	with	its	pots	and	hanging	baskets,	so
different	from	this	open,	sunlit	place.	She	felt	a	deep,	sudden	resistance	to	change	well	up
inside	her,	a	childish	swirl	of	petulant	rage	she	swallowed	like	a	bitter	pill.	“Must	be	nice
to	have	more	garden	room,”	she	said	with	brittle	brightness.
Bertie	 smiled	 at	 her	 in	 agreement,	 and	 then	 gestured	 towards	 a	 tatty	 folder	 of	 papers
beneath	 two	 used	 teacups	 with	 what	 looked	 like	 sludgy	 grass	 clippings	 in	 the	 bottom.

“You	just	missed	Louise.	Those	are	for	you.	Not	much	help	with	the	case,	but	she	thought
you	might	like	to	see	them	anyway.”
Louise.	 Sadie	 bristled	 before	 reminding	 herself	 that	 the	 other	 woman	 was	 a	 perfectly
genial	 human	 being	 who	 had	 just	 done	 her	 a	 favor.	 She	 glanced	 through	 the	 pile.	 They
were	newspapers	of	a	sort,	amateurish,	each	a	single	sheet	with	a	masthead	reading	The
Loeanneth	Gazette,	written	in	Old	English	font	and	embellished	with	a	pen-and-ink	sketch
of	the	house	and	its	lake.	The	pages	were	blotched	and	discolored,	and	as	she	turned	them,
a	couple	of	silverfish	made	bids	for	freedom.	The	paper	smelled	of	mildew	and	neglect;
the	 headlines,	 however,	 still	 sparked	 with	 life,	 trumpeting	 such	 events	 as:	 NEW	 ARRIVAL:
BABY	 BOY	 AT	 LAST!;	 INTERVIEW	 WITH	 MR.	 LLEWELLYN,	 AUTHOR	 EXTRAORDINAIRE!;	 RARE
SIGHTING:	 SHORT-TAILED	 BLUE	 SPOTTED	 IN	 LOEANNETH	 GARDEN!	 Each	 article	 was

accompanied	by	an	illustration	credited	to	Clementine,	Deborah,	or	Alice	Edevane,	but	the
bylines	belonged	without	exception	to	Alice.
Sadie’s	 gaze	 lingered	 on	 the	 name	 and	 she	 experienced	 the	 same	 tightening	 knot	 of
connection	 she	 felt	 each	 time	 one	 of	 the	 ALICE	 engravings	 revealed	 itself	 at	 Loeanneth.
“Where	did	they	come	from?”	she	asked.
“One	of	Louise’s	patients	at	the	hospital	had	an	aunt	who	was	a	housemaid	at	the	Lake
House.	 She	 stopped	 working	 for	 the	 Edevanes	 back	 in	 the	 thirties,	 when	 the	 family	 left
Cornwall,	but	these	must’ve	got	mixed	up	with	her	other	possessions.	There	was	a	printing
press	in	the	schoolroom,	apparently,	up	in	the	attic	near	the	maids’	accommodations.	The
children	of	the	house	used	to	play	with	it.”
“Listen	to	this	.	.	.”	Sadie	held	the	paper	out	of	the	glare	and	read	aloud:	 “ ‘INTERVIEW
WITH	 A	 GROSS	 DEPORTER:	 THE	 ACCUSED	 SPEAKS!	 Today	 we	 publish	 an	 exclusive	 interview
with	Clementine	Edevane,	who	stands	accused	by	The	Mother	of	‘gross	deportment’	after
a	recent	incident	in	which	she	offended	Nanny	Rose.	‘But	she	did	look	fat,’	the	accused
was	heard	to	shout	from	behind	the	gaol	of	her	closed	bedroom	door.	‘I	was	only	being
truthful!’	 Truth	 or	 travesty?	 You,	 dear	 reader,	 be	 the	 judge.	 Story	 by	 Alice	 Edevane,
investigative	reporter.”
“Alice	Edevane,”	Bertie	said.	“She’s	the	one	who	owns	the	house.”
Sadie	nodded.	“Also	known	as	A.	C.	Edevane,	crime	writer	extraordinaire.	I	wish	she’d
write	back	to	my	letters.”
“It	hasn’t	been	a	week	yet.”
“So?”	said	Sadie,	who	didn’t	count	patience	among	her	virtues.	“Four	perfectly	good
days	of	postal	service.”
“Your	faith	in	the	Royal	Mail	is	touching.”
To	be	honest,	Sadie	had	presumed	Alice	Edevane	would	be	thrilled	to	hear	from	her.	A
bona	fide	police	detective	willing	to	reopen,	if	only	unofficially,	the	case	of	her	brother’s
disappearance?	 She’d	 expected	 to	 hear	 back	 by	 return	 post.	 Even	 if,	 as	 Bertie	 said,	 the
postal	service	was	less	than	perfect,	she	should	have	heard	by	now.
“People	can	be	funny	about	the	past,”	said	Bertie,	running	his	fingers	lightly	along	a
fine	stem.	“Especially	after	something	painful.”

His	tone	remained	even,	his	focus	on	the	tree	didn’t	falter,	yet	within	his	words	Sadie
felt	 the	 heat	 of	 an	 unasked	 question.	 He	 couldn’t	 possibly	 know	 about	 Charlotte
Sutherland,	and	the	letter	that	had	brought	the	whole	awful	business	back	into	the	present.
A	gull	cawed,	slicing	through	the	sky	above	them,	and	for	a	split	second	Sadie	considered
telling	him	about	the	girl	with	the	clear,	confident	handwriting	and	clever	turn	of	phrase.
But	 it	 would	 be	 a	 stupid	 thing	 to	 do,	 especially	 when	 she’d	 just	 got	 rid	 of	 the	 letter.
He’d	want	to	talk	things	over	and	there’d	be	no	forgetting	the	whole	thing	then,	and	so,
instead,	 she	 said,	 “The	 newspaper	 report	 finally	 arrived,”	 pulling	 her	 research	 from	 the
backpack,	 making	 a	 small	 stack	 on	 her	 lap	 of	 library	 books,	 archive	 folders,	 and	 the
writing	 pad	 she’d	 picked	 up	 at	 WHSmith.	 “There	 were	 some	 photos	 I	 hadn’t	 seen,	 but
nothing	particularly	useful.”
She	 thought	 she	 heard	 him	 sigh,	 sensing	 perhaps	 the	 unspoken	 confidence,	 and	 was
beset	by	a	sudden	sliver	of	awareness	that	he	was	the	only	person	in	the	world	she	loved;
that	if	she	lost	him	she’d	be	all	alone.	“So,”	he	said,	knowing	better	than	to	push,	“we’re
pretty	sure	he	was	taken,	but	we’re	no	closer	to	knowing	how	or	by	whom.”
“Right.”
“Any	theories	as	to	why?”
“Well,	I	think	we	can	rule	out	opportunistic	predators.	There	was	a	party	going	on,	and
the	house	is	well	off	the	beaten	track.	Not	the	sort	of	place	a	person	just	happens	upon.”
“Unless	they’re	chasing	a	dog,	of	course.”
Sadie	 returned	 his	 smile.	 “Which	 leaves	 two	 possibilities.	 He	 was	 taken	 because
someone	wanted	money,	or	because	they	wanted	a	child	for	themselves.”
“But	there	was	no	ransom	note?”
“Not	according	to	Pickering,	but	police	don’t	always	make	these	things	public.	It’s	on
the	list	for	Clive	Robinson.”
“You’ve	heard	from	him?”
“No,	but	he	was	due	back	yesterday,	so	fingers	crossed.”
Bertie	pruned	another	stem	from	his	tree.	“Let’s	say	it	wasn’t	about	money.”
“Then	 it	 was	 about	 the	 boy.	 And	 this	 boy	 in	 particular.	 It	 doesn’t	 make	 sense	 that
someone	 who	 simply	 wanted	 a	 child	 would	 choose	 the	 son	 of	 a	 wealthy,	 upper-class
family	with	all	possible	resources	at	their	fingertips	to	find	him.”
“It	would	seem	a	foolish	choice,”	Bertie	agreed.	“There	must’ve	been	easier	pickings.”
“Which	means	whoever	took	Theo	Edevane	wanted	him	because	of	who	he	was.	But
why?”	Sadie	jittered	her	pen	on	the	writing	pad.	It	was	cheap	paper,	thin	to	the	point	of
near	translucence,	and	sunlight	picked	out	the	imprints	from	the	last	letter	she’d	written.
She	 sighed.	 “It’s	 no	 use.	 Until	 I	 get	 more	 information—hear	 back	 from	 Alice	 Edevane,
speak	to	Clive	Robinson,	get	a	better	feel	for	the	people	involved,	and	find	out	who	had
means,	motive,	and	opportunity—it’s	all	just	guesswork.”

There	 was	 a	 new	 sense	 of	 frustration	 in	 her	 voice,	 and	 Bertie	 noticed.	 “You’re	 really
intent	on	solving	it,	aren’t	you?”
“I	don’t	like	loose	ends.”
“It’s	 been	 a	 long	 time.	 Most	 of	 the	 people	 who	 might	 have	 missed	 that	 little	 boy	 are
long	gone.”
“That’s	 not	 the	 point.	 He	 was	 taken;	 it	 isn’t	 right;	 his	 family	 deserves	 to	 know	 what
happened	to	him.	Here	.	.	.”	She	held	out	the	newspaper.	“Look	at	his	mother,	look	at	her
face.	She	created	him,	named	him,	loved	him.	He	was	her	child	and	she	lived	the	whole
rest	 of	 her	 life	 without	 him,	 never	 knowing	 what	 happened,	 what	 he	 grew	 up	 to	 be,
whether	he	was	happy.	Never	being	certain	if	he	was	alive	or	dead.”
Bertie	hardly	glanced	at	the	paper,	fixing	Sadie	instead	with	a	look	of	kind	perplexity.
“Sadie,	love—”
“It’s	a	puzzle,”	she	went	on	quickly,	aware	that	she	was	sounding	strident	but	unable	to
rein	 it	 in.	 “You	 know	 me,	 you	 know	 I	 can’t	 let	 them	 go	 unsolved.	 How	 on	 earth	 was	 a
child	removed	from	a	house	filled	with	people?	There’s	something	I’m	not	seeing.	Doors,
windows,	a	ladder	like	in	the	Lindbergh	kidnapping?”
“Sadie,	this	holiday	of	yours—”
Ash	barked	suddenly	and	both	dogs	scrambled	to	their	feet,	racing	to	the	rock	wall	on
the	side	of	the	garden	that	bordered	the	lane.
Sadie	heard	it	too,	then,	a	small	motorbike	approaching	the	cottage	and	stopping.	There
was	 a	 squeak	 and	 a	 soft	 thud	 as	 the	 letterbox	 on	 the	 front	 door	 opened	 and	 a	 clutch	 of
letters	dropped	through	onto	the	mat.	“Post,”	she	said.
“I’ll	 go.”	 Bertie	 set	 down	 his	 pruning	 shears	 and	 dusted	 his	 hands	 on	 his	 gardening
apron.	He	gave	Sadie	a	light,	thoughtful	frown	before	ducking	his	head	and	disappearing
through	the	door	into	the	kitchen.
Sadie	waited	until	he	was	gone	before	letting	her	smile	collapse.	Her	face	ached.	It	was
getting	harder	to	hold	off	Bertie’s	questions.	She	hated	lying	to	him,	it	made	fools	of	both
of	them,	but	she	couldn’t	bear	for	him	to	know	she’d	messed	up	so	prodigiously	at	work.
What	 she’d	 done,	 going	 to	 the	 press,	 was	 embarrassing,	 shameful	 even.	 Worse,	 he’d	 be
bound	to	ask	why	she’d	behaved	so	wildly	out	of	character.	Which	brought	them	back	to
Charlotte	Sutherland	and	her	letter.	She	couldn’t	tell	him	about	that.	She	didn’t	think	she’d
be	 able	 to	 stand	 seeing	 his	 kind	 face	 contorting	 in	 sympathy	 as	 he	 listened.	 She	 had	 a
terrible	fear	that	to	speak	about	it	would	make	it	real	somehow	and	she’d	be	back	there,
trapped	inside	the	body	of	her	panicked,	powerless	younger	self,	cowering	before	the	giant
wave	that	was	coming	for	her.	She	wasn’t	that	girl	anymore.	She	refused	to	be.
So	 why	 was	 she	 acting	 like	 it?	 Sadie	 frowned.	 That’s	 exactly	 what	 she	 was	 doing,
wasn’t	 it?	 Letting	 Donald	 call	 all	 the	 shots	 while	 she	 languished	 indefinitely	 in	 limbo,
waiting	to	be	invited	back	to	a	job	at	which	she	excelled.	At	which	she’d	worked	damn
hard	to	succeed.	She’d	faced	down	countless	adversities	to	rise	in	the	ranks;	why	was	she
behaving	so	meekly	now,	hiding	out	beside	the	flat	summery	sea	behind	a	case	with	a	trail
that	had	gone	cold	seventy	years	before?

On	a	whim,	Sadie	took	her	mobile	from	her	pocket.	She	jostled	it	lightly	back	and	forth
between	 her	 hands	 for	 a	 few	 seconds,	 and	 then,	 with	 a	 decisive	 sigh,	 went	 over	 to	 the
furthermost	point	of	the	garden.	She	climbed	up	onto	the	rock	wall	and	leaned	as	far	as
she	could	away	from	the	house,	until	a	single	bar	of	connectivity	showed	up	on	her	screen.
She	dialed	Donald’s	number	and	waited,	muttering	beneath	her	breath,	“Come	on,	come
on	.	.	.”
The	 phone	 went	 straight	 to	 voicemail	 and	 Sadie	 cursed	 into	 the	 breeze.	 Rather	 than
hang	up	and	try	again,	she	listened	to	Donald’s	curt	message	and	then	left	her	own.	“Yeah,
Donald,	look,	it’s	Sadie.	Just	to	let	you	know,	I’m	coming	up	to	London.	I’ve	sorted	things
my	 end	 and	 I’m	 ready	 to	 get	 back	 to	 work,	 Monday	 week.	 It’d	 be	 great	 to	 catch	 up
beforehand.	You	know,	show	you	my	holiday	snaps	.	.	.”	The	small	joke	fell	flat	even	to
her	own	ears,	and	she	pressed	on.	“Anyway,	let	me	know	when	and	where	suits.	Sometime
next	week?”	She	left	it	at	that,	statement	as	question,	and	then	she	ended	the	call.
There.	Sadie	heaved	a	purposeful	sigh.	It	was	done.	Now,	when	Bertie	asked	her	about
her	 plans,	 she’d	 be	 able	 to	 give	 him	 some	 proper	 answers:	 after	 a	 short,	 pleasant	 trip	 to
Cornwall,	she’d	be	going	home	to	London	next	week.
She	tucked	the	phone	back	into	her	pocket	and	returned	to	her	seat	near	Bertie’s	tree,
waiting	for	the	onset	of	welcome	peace	of	mind.	But	her	mind	was	far	from	peaceful.	Now
that	she’d	done	it,	her	thoughts	comprised	a	list	of	things	she	should	have	done	differently.
She	should	have	been	more	specific	as	to	place	and	time.	She	should	have	been	gentler,
more	apologetic,	made	it	seem	like	it	was	his	idea.
Sadie	remembered	now	his	threat	to	go	to	Ashford	if	she	didn’t	follow	his	instructions
to	the	letter.	Donald	was	her	partner,	though;	he	was	a	reasonable	man.	He’d	had	her	best
interests	 at	 heart	 when	 he	 forced	 her	 to	 take	 leave	 and	 she’d	 learned	 her	 lesson,	 she
wouldn’t	be	leaking	to	journalists	in	the	future,	but	the	Bailey	case	was	closed	now,	it	had
all	but	disappeared	from	the	papers,	no	real	harm	had	been	done.	(So	long	as	she	didn’t
take	 Nancy	 Bailey	 into	 account.	 Sadie	 winced	 as	 she	 pictured	 the	 look	 on	 the	 woman’s
face	 when	 they’d	 informed	 her	 the	 investigation	 was	 over.	 “But	 I	 thought	 you	 believed
me,	that	my	girl	never	would’ve	left	like	that.	I	thought	you	were	going	to	find	her.”)
Pushing	Nancy	Bailey	from	her	mind	(Don’t	even	think	about	making	contact	with	the
grandmother),	Sadie	told	herself	she’d	done	the	right	thing	and	concentrated	on	believing
it.
The	new	map	of	the	Loeanneth	estate	was	still	on	her	lap	and	she	forced	her	attention
back	 to	 it,	 a	 resolute	 attempt	 at	 diversion.	 It	 was	 much	 older	 than	 the	 one	 Alastair	 had
given	 her	 earlier—1664,	 according	 to	 the	 title	 at	 the	 top—drawn	 back	 when	 the	 Lake
House	had	still	been	a	smaller	adjunct	to	the	large	manor	on	the	property.	Despite	some
antiquated	 spelling	 and	 a	 font	 that	 rendered	 certain	 words	 illegible,	 the	 layout	 was
nonetheless	instantly	recognizable	to	Sadie,	who’d	spent	the	past	week	studying	the	floor
plan	in	the	hope	she	could	somehow	intuit	the	path	taken	by	Theo’s	abductor	that	night.
The	rooms	and	spaces	were	all	where	they	should	be.
Except	.	.	.	Sadie	looked	more	closely.
She	took	the	original	map	out	of	her	folder	and	laid	the	two	side	by	side	to	compare.

There	was	a	variation	in	this	floor	plan	after	all.	A	little	room	or	cavity,	right	near	the
nursery,	that	wasn’t	marked	on	the	more	recent	map.
But	 what	 was	 it?	 A	 cupboard?	 Did	 they	 have	 built-in	 cupboards	 in	 the	 seventeenth
century?	Sadie	suspected	not.	And	even	if	they	did,	why	include	this	one	in	the	floor	plan
and	not	others?
Sadie	 tapped	 her	 lips	 thoughtfully.	 She	 looked	 from	 Bertie’s	 tree,	 to	 the	 dogs	 settled
now	at	the	base	of	the	rock	wall,	and	finally	out	to	sea.	Her	gaze	settled	on	the	dark	blip	of
a	ship	balanced	on	the	horizon.
And	then,	the	vague	flicker	of	a	lightbulb.
Sadie	 riffled	 through	 her	 papers	 until	 she	 found	 the	 notes	 she’d	 made	 from	 “Chapter
Eight:	The	deShiels	of	Havelyn.”
There	 it	 was:	 the	 house	 was	 built	 during	 the	 reign	 of	 Henry	 VIII	 by	 a	 long-ago
seafaring	deShiel	who’d	purloined	gold	from	Spain.	There	was	another	name	for	people
like	that.
Connections	were	flaring	in	Sadie’s	mind	like	ancient	warning	beacons,	each	causing
the	 next	 to	 catch	 alight:	 a	 possible	 deShiel	 pirate	 .	 .	 .	 Louise’s	 talk	 of	 smugglers	 .	 .	 .	 of
tunnels	dug	into	the	Cornish	coastline	.	.	.	the	tunnel	in	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway	with	its
real-world	counterpart	.	.	.	the	pillar	and	ring	Sadie	had	seen	with	her	own	eyes	.	.	.
“Something	for	you,”	said	Bertie,	back	from	collecting	the	post	and	holding	out	a	small
envelope.
She	took	it	wordlessly,	so	distracted	by	the	theory	forming	in	her	mind	that	she	hardly
registered	the	name	printed	neatly	on	the	top	left-hand	corner.
“It’s	from	the	police	officer,”	Bertie	urged.	“Clive	Robinson	from	Polperro.	Aren’t	you
going	 to	 .	 .	 .	 ?”	 He	 faltered.	 “What	 is	 it,	 what	 did	 I	 miss?	 You	 look	 as	 if	 you’ve	 seen	 a
ghost.”
Sadie	might	not	have	seen	a	ghost,	but	she	had	a	feeling	she’d	just	glimpsed	a	shadow.
“This	room,”	she	said,	as	Bertie	came	to	peer	over	her	shoulder.	“This	tiny	alcove—I	think
I	might	have	found	the	escape	route.”

12
LONDON,	2003

This	 particular	 corner	 of	 South	 Kensington	 was	 thick	 with	 ghosts,	 which	 was	 why	 the
Edevane	sisters	had	chosen	it	in	the	first	place.	They	took	tea	at	the	Victoria	and	Albert
every	 year	 on	 the	 anniversary	 of	 Eleanor’s	 death,	 but	 they	 met	 at	 the	 Natural	 History
Museum	first.	Their	father	had	donated	his	entire	collection	to	the	museum	in	his	will,	and
it	 seemed	 to	 Alice	 there	 was	 more	 of	 his	 spirit	 in	 this	 building	 than	 lingered	 anywhere
else.
It	made	sense	to	remember	their	parents	formally	on	the	same	day.	Theirs	had	been	the
sort	 of	 romance	 that	 writers	 trumpeted	 and	 real	 people	 envied,	 two	 beautiful	 young
strangers	 who’d	 met	 by	 chance,	 loved	 at	 first	 sight,	 before	 being	 separated,	 tested,	 and
strengthened	 by	 the	 First	 World	 War.	 Alice	 and	 her	 sisters	 had	 accepted	 the	 relationship
unquestioningly	 as	 children,	 growing	 to	 adulthood	 in	 the	 embrace	 of	 Eleanor	 and
Anthony’s	 devotion.	 But	 it	 was	 the	 sort	 of	 love	 that	 rendered	 all	 other	 people	 outsiders.
Except	 for	 a	 small,	 stable	 circle	 of	 friends,	 they	 socialized	 rarely	 and	 reluctantly,	 and	 in
retrospect,	it	was	their	very	isolation	that	added	an	extra	layer	of	magic	and	wonder	to	the
annual	Midsummer	party.	When	Eleanor	had	died	suddenly	like	that,	unexpectedly,	and	so
soon	after	her	husband,	people	had	shaken	their	heads	at	the	tragedy	before	assuring	the
sisters	 that,	 “Of	 course,	 they	 belonged	 together,	 the	 two	 of	 them.”	 Those	 same	 smarmy
people	had	gone	on	behind	the	sisters’	backs,	in	whispers	laced	with	implication:	“It’s	like
she	couldn’t	bear	to	be	parted	from	him.”
Alice	got	to	the	museum	first,	just	as	she	always	did.	It	was	part	of	their	habit;	a	tacit
agreement	allowing	Alice	to	feel	punctual	and	Deborah	bustling.	She	settled	herself	on	a
bench	in	the	Central	Hall	and	reached	into	her	bag,	stroking	the	smooth,	worn	leather	of
her	notebook	before	taking	it	out	and	laying	it	on	her	lap.	This	was	not	unusual;	ordinarily
Alice	enjoyed	nothing	more	than	watching	people,	and	she’d	learned	over	time	that	what
was	 considered	 nosy	 under	 usual	 circumstances	 passed	 for	 distracted,	 even	 charming,
when	 done	 with	 pen	 and	 paper	 in	 hand.	 Today,	 though,	 she	 had	 no	 intention	 of	 taking
notes.	She	was	far	too	preoccupied	with	her	own	plight	to	bother	with	strangers.
She	opened	the	notebook	and	eyeballed	the	letter	she’d	filed	inside.	She	didn’t	reread
it,	there	was	no	need.	It	was	the	second	she’d	received,	similar	in	content	to	the	first.	The
detective	had	pressed	again	for	an	interview	but	been	deliberately	vague	as	to	her	current
knowledge	of	the	Edevane	case	(as	she	called	it).	A	wise	move	and	precisely	what	Alice
would	have	written	for	Diggory	Brent	had	he	developed	a	fierce	interest	in	an	unsolved
crime	 while	 on	 holiday	 in	 Cornwall.	 Any	 detective	 worth	 her	 salt	 knew	 that	 providing
only	the	barest	scaffolding	left	the	biggest	hole	into	which	an	unsuspecting	witness	might
fall.	Unfortunately	for	Sadie	Sparrow,	Alice	wasn’t	unsuspecting	and	had	no	intention	of
being	tricked	into	revealing	anything	she	didn’t	want	to.	Deborah,	on	the	other	hand	.	.	.

Alice	closed	the	book	and	used	it	to	fan	her	cheeks.	She’d	been	lying	in	bed	the	night
before,	 wondering	 how	 best	 to	 handle	 the	 situation,	 weighing	 up	 the	 odds	 this	 Sparrow
person	would	discover	anything	important,	reassuring	herself	that	it	had	all	taken	place	so
long	 ago	 that	 there	 could	 be	 nothing	 left	 to	 find,	 when	 it	 struck	 her	 that	 Deborah	 might
also	have	received	a	letter.	An	invisible	blade	of	panic	had	sliced	cold	through	her	at	the
realization.
She’d	considered	the	possibility	from	all	angles	before	deciding	that	Deborah,	innocent
of	all	wrongdoing,	would	have	gotten	in	touch	immediately	had	she	been	contacted.	With
Tom’s	 political	 legacy	 to	 safeguard,	 she’d	 have	 been	 horrified	 to	 think	 of	 some	 eager
young	stranger	raking	through	the	family’s	coals	and	keen	to	enlist	Alice’s	help.	It	wasn’t
until	this	morning,	as	the	taxi	wended	its	way	through	St.	John’s	Wood,	that	it	occurred	to
Alice	that	Deborah	might	be	waiting	to	discuss	the	matter	in	person.	That	with	Eleanor’s
anniversary	meeting	so	conveniently	near,	she	might	simply	have	tucked	the	letter	in	her
handbag	and	was	preparing	herself	even	now	to	broach	the	subject.
Alice	exhaled	bracingly	and	looked	again	towards	the	entrance.	There	was	no	sign	of
Deborah	 yet,	 but	 a	 hapless	 man	 in	 black	 jeans	 was	 creating	 something	 of	 a	 fuss	 by	 the
doors.	Alice	had	noticed	him	when	she	arrived.	He’d	been	holding	the	hand	of	a	small	girl
in	a	bright-pink	singlet	and	denim	dungarees.	The	girl	had	been	pointing	and	jumping,	the
man—her	 father,	 Alice	 supposed—trying	 to	 temper	 her	 enthusiasm	 while	 he	 reached	 to
retrieve	something	(a	water	bottle,	perhaps?	Children	these	days	always	seemed	in	need	of
rehydration)	from	the	small	backpack	he	was	carrying.
The	man	was	in	quite	a	state	now,	hands	flapping	at	a	security	guard,	and	the	little	girl
was	no	longer	with	him.	The	searing	panic	of	a	parent	who’d	lost	a	child;	Alice	could	spot
it	 from	 a	 mile	 away.	 Her	 gaze	 drifted	 beyond	 the	 enormous	 diplodocus	 skeleton	 to	 the
grand	stone	stairwell	at	the	end	of	the	cavernous	room.	The	little	girl	had	been	pointing
that	way	when	Alice	saw	her;	she’d	had	a	ball	clasped	in	her	other	hand,	the	sort	that	fired
when	 shaken,	 as	 if	 made	 from	 electricity,	 and	 there’d	 been	 an	 unmistakable	 glint	 of
determination	in	her	eyes.	Sure	enough,	the	child	was	standing	now	at	the	top	of	the	stairs,
cheek	 resting	 on	 the	 cool,	 flat	 stone	 of	 the	 balustrade,	 lining	 the	 ball	 up	 in	 front	 of	 her
face,	readying	to	let	it	roll.
Elementary,	my	dear	Watson.	Alice	tried	to	enjoy	the	familiar	comfort	of	being	correct.
She’d	always	had	a	good	memory—more	than	that,	an	ability	to	draw	conclusions	based
on	 available	 evidence.	 It	 was	 a	 skill	 she	 credited	 her	 father	 with	 honing.	 He’d	 played
games	with	them	when	they	were	young,	possessing	an	insatiable	appetite	for	the	sort	of
play	other	adults	found	tiresome.	He’d	taken	them	with	him	on	his	nature	rambles,	letting
them	carry	this	tool	or	that,	the	coveted	butterfly	net	if	they	were	lucky,	stopping	every	so
often	to	crouch	at	their	eye	level	and	point	out	a	scene.	“Paint	a	picture	in	your	mind,”	he
would	say,	“but	don’t	just	see	the	tree.	Notice	the	lichen	on	its	trunk,	the	holes	made	by
the	woodpecker,	the	thinner	leaves	where	the	sun	doesn’t	reach.”	Later,	sometimes	days
later,	when	it	was	least	expected,	he’d	say,	“Alice!	The	tree	in	the	wood,	ten	things.”	And
then	 he’d	 close	 his	 eyes	 and	 count	 on	 his	 fingers	 as	 she	 conjured	 the	 scene	 for	 him,
memory	by	memory.
Even	 now,	 echoes	 of	 the	 thrill	 of	 being	 the	 one	 to	 make	 him	 smile	 stirred	 her.	 He’d
been	a	terrific	smiler,	one	of	those	people	whose	whole	face	was	captive	to	his	mood;	so

different	 from	 Eleanor,	 whose	 fine	 breeding	 had	 made	 her	 strait-laced	 and	 wary.	 One	 of
the	 great	 mysteries	 of	 Alice’s	 childhood	 was	 how	 Eleanor	 of	 the	 fairy	 tales,	 that
adventurous	sprite	of	a	girl,	could	possibly	have	grown	into	such	a	stern,	predictable	adult.
The	 hovering	 presence	 of	 Mother	 was	 an	 enduring	 childhood	 memory,	 watching	 and
waiting	for	one	of	them	to	step	out	of	line	so	she	could	seize	the	opportunity,	send	them
away	and	have	Anthony	for	herself.	It	had	taken	Alice	years	to	understand	that	her	mother
was	envious	of	them,	of	the	close	relationship	they	shared	with	their	father,	of	how	much
he	loved	them.
“Yes,	but	it’s	rather	more	complex	than	that,”	Deborah	had	said	when	they’d	spoken	of
it.	Alice	had	pushed	her	as	to	how,	and	after	choosing	her	words	carefully,	Deborah	had
said,	 “I	 think	 she	 was	 envious	 of	 him,	 too,	 in	 a	 way.	 Do	 you	 remember	 during	 the	 war,
when	we	were	little,	how	different	she	was,	how	fun	and	playful?	How	it	used	to	feel	as	if
she	 were	 one	 of	 us,	 rather	 than	 a	 proper	 grown-up	 like	 Grandmother	 or	 Nanny	 Bruen?”
Alice	had	nodded	uncertainly	as	Deborah’s	words	stirred	faraway	memories	of	hide-andseek	and	enchanted	stories.	“But	then	Daddy	came	home	and	we	adored	him,	and	she	sort
of	lost	us.	Everything	changed.	She	changed	after	that,	became	a	different,	stricter	person.
She	 couldn’t—”	 Deborah	 had	 stopped	 abruptly	 then,	 as	 if	 thinking	 better	 of	 whatever	 it
was	 she’d	 been	 about	 to	 say.	 “Well,”	 she’d	 continued	 with	 a	 wave	 of	 the	 hand,	 “there
wasn’t	room	for	both	of	them	to	be	the	favorite,	was	there?”
A	 familiar	 figure	 by	 the	 door	 caught	 Alice’s	 eye.	 Deborah,	 her	 arm	 linked	 through
James’s	 for	 support.	 As	 they	 reached	 the	 hall,	 Deborah	 laughed	 at	 something	 her	 young
driver	said.	She	patted	his	hand	fondly	and	bade	him	farewell.	Alice	exhaled.	Her	sister
didn’t	look	like	someone	who’d	received	a	grenade	in	the	post.
Deborah	remained	where	she	was	for	a	moment	after	James	left,	the	general	fluster	of
other	people’s	meetings	and	greetings	swirling	around	her.	She	was	practiced,	as	were	all
politician’s	wives,	at	maintaining	a	pleasant	visage,	but	Alice	had	always	been	able	to	see
beneath	 the	 mask:	 a	 slight	 tightening	 about	 the	 mouth,	 the	 habit	 brought	 with	 her	 from
childhood	 of	 pressing	 her	 fingertips	 together	 in	 agitation.	 Neither	 was	 in	 evidence	 this
morning.	Alice	felt	her	tension	recede,	but	didn’t	glance	away.	One	rarely	took	the	time	to
look	 closely	 at	 those	 one	 knew	 well.	 Deborah	 was	 still	 tall	 and	 poised,	 even	 as	 she
approached	ninety,	still	elegant,	wearing	the	same	satin	dresses	she’d	worn	throughout	the
1930s,	cinched	at	the	waist	and	with	dainty	pearl	buttons	climbing	from	belt	to	lace	collar.
She	 was	 like	 one	 of	 Daddy’s	 butterflies,	 caught	 at	 the	 peak	 of	 her	 beauty	 and	 frozen	 in
time,	eternally	feminine.	Quite	the	opposite	of	Alice	in	her	trousers	and	brogues.
Alice	 stood	 and	 waved,	 catching	 her	 sister’s	 attention.	 Deborah	 was	 walking	 with	 a
cane	today	so	Alice	knew	her	leg	was	troubling	her.	She	knew,	too,	that	when	she	inquired
after	her	health,	Deborah	would	smile	and	claim	she’d	never	felt	better.	It	was	unthinkable
that	any	of	the	Edevane	girls	might	admit	to	weakness,	pain,	or	regret.	Emotional	fortitude
was	part	of	Eleanor’s	legacy,	along	with	prompt	letter-writing	and	a	contempt	for	sloppy
grammar.
“Sorry	I’m	late,”	said	Deborah,	arriving	at	the	bench.	“My	morning’s	been	quite	mad.	I
haven’t	kept	you	long?”
“Not	at	all,	I	had	my	notebook	with	me.”

“Have	you	been	in	to	see	the	collection?”
Alice	 said	 that	 she	 had	 not,	 and	 they	 went	 in	 mutual	 silence	 to	 deposit	 Deborah’s
summer	coat	at	the	cloakroom.	An	outside	observer	might	have	described	their	greeting	as
cool,	 but	 there	 was	 nothing	 of	 Deborah’s	 current	 emotional	 condition	 to	 be	 read	 there.
They	never	kissed	hello	when	they	met,	neither	did	they	hug.	Alice	deplored	the	modern
trend	for	crying	and	sharing,	and	she	and	Deborah	were	united	in	their	disdain	for	giddy
emotional	displays.
“Well,	 you	 two	 must	 be	 sisters,”	 the	 young	 cloakroom	 attendant	 sang	 with	 a	 broad
smile.
“Yes,”	Deborah	said,	before	Alice	could	respond	from	habit,	too	wryly,	“Must	we?”
It	was	true	they	looked	more	alike	in	old	age	than	they	had	at	any	other	time	in	their
lives,	but	then	all	old	people	looked	alike	to	the	young.	The	fading	of	hair,	eyes,	skin,	and
lips,	the	loss	of	individual	details	as	a	person’s	real	face	retreated	behind	the	mask	of	lines.
They	weren’t	alike	really.	Deborah	was	still	beautiful—that	is,	she	still	wore	the	remnants
of	beauty—just	as	she’d	always	been.	The	summer	she	became	engaged	to	Tom,	the	last
summer	at	Loeanneth,	there’d	been	an	article	in	The	Times	naming	her	the	prettiest	young
lady	of	the	Season.	Alice	and	Clemmie	had	been	merciless	in	their	teasing,	but	only	for
sport.	The	article	told	them	nothing	they	hadn’t	already	known.	In	every	group	of	sisters
there	was	one	who	outshone	the	others.	Alice	had	written	that	line	in	a	book,	her	eighth,
Death	 Shall	 Call.	 She’d	 given	 the	 observation	 to	 Diggory	 Brent,	 who	 had	 an	 uncanny
knack	for	seeing	the	world	very	much	as	Alice	did.	He	was	a	man,	though,	and	therefore
able	to	think	such	thoughts	without	seeming	bitter	or	unkind.
No,	Alice	decided,	as	Deborah	laughed	gaily	at	something	the	attendant	had	said,	her
sister	 hadn’t	 received	 a	 letter	 from	 Sadie	 Sparrow.	 Alice’s	 relief	 was	 tempered	 by	 her
awareness	 that	 it	 was	 only	 a	 matter	 of	 time.	 That	 unless	 she	 found	 a	 way	 to	 satisfy	 the
detective’s	curiosity,	Deborah	would	almost	certainly	be	brought	in.	Happily,	Alice	knew	a
thing	or	two	about	redirection.	She	just	needed	to	be	calm	and	methodical,	more	so	than
she	 had	 been	 to	 this	 point.	 Alice	 wasn’t	 sure	 what	 she’d	 been	 thinking	 when	 she’d	 told
Peter	 the	 first	 letter	 had	 come	 to	 the	 wrong	 address,	 that	 she	 knew	 nothing	 about	 the
missing	child.	She	hadn’t	been	thinking,	she’d	been	panicking.	She	intended	to	do	less	of
that.
“You’re	 well?	 You	 look	 it,”	 Deborah	 said	 appraisingly	 as	 she	 turned	 from	 the
cloakroom	counter.
“Very	well.	You?”
“Never	better.”	Deborah	nodded	in	the	direction	of	the	hall,	the	merest	hint	of	distaste
twisting	her	lips.	She	had	never	liked	Daddy’s	insects	and	their	silver	pins,	however	much
she’d	fought	to	take	her	turn	assisting	him	when	they	were	girls.	“Well,	then,”	she	said,
leaning	gingerly	on	her	cane.	“Let’s	get	it	over	with,	shall	we,	so	we	can	go	and	have	tea.”
Alice	 and	 Deborah	 said	 very	 little	 as	 they	 did	 the	 rounds,	 other	 than	 to	 note	 that	 the
butterflies	were	all	in	place.	The	museum	curator	had	taken	the	creatures	from	Anthony’s
display	 cases,	 redistributing	 them	 to	 augment	 the	 existing	 collection,	 but	 Alice	 had	 no

difficulty	picking	out	those	she’d	helped	to	gather.	Each	one	told	a	story;	she	could	almost
hear	her	father’s	gentle	words	as	she	took	in	the	familiar	wings,	the	shapes	and	colors.
Deborah	didn’t	complain,	but	it	was	evident	her	leg	was	troubling	her,	so	Alice	called
an	early	end	to	the	pilgrimage	and	they	went	across	the	road	to	the	V&A.	The	café	was
bustling	but	they	found	a	corner	by	the	unlit	fireplace	in	the	smaller	room.	Alice	suggested
her	sister	mind	the	table	while	she	fetched	their	tea,	and	by	the	time	she	returned,	tray	in
hand,	 Deborah	 had	 a	 pair	 of	 reading	 glasses	 perched	 on	 the	 end	 of	 her	 nose	 and	 was
peering	 over	 them	 at	 her	 mobile	 phone.	 “Damn	 thing,”	 she	 said,	 stabbing	 at	 the	 keypad
with	 a	 crimson	 fingernail.	 “I	 never	 seem	 to	 hear	 it	 ring	 and	 do	 you	 think	 I	 can	 get	 the
messages	to	play?”
Alice	offered	a	small	sympathetic	shrug	and	poured	the	milk.
She	sat	back,	watching	the	steam	rise	from	her	cup.	It	had	occurred	to	her	that	before
she	spoke	to	the	detective,	it	would	be	wise	to	ascertain	just	how	much	her	sister	knew.
The	question	was,	how	to	begin?
While	 Deborah	 continued	 to	 fiddle	 with	 her	 phone,	 shifting	 it	 farther	 away	 and	 then
close	again,	muttering	as	she	tried	to	read	the	display,	Alice	took	a	sip	of	tea.
Deborah	frowned	and	pressed	a	key.	“Maybe	if	I	.	.	.	?”
Alice	set	down	her	cup.	“I’ve	been	thinking	lately	of	Loeanneth.”
Deborah	expressed	only	the	faintest	flicker	of	surprise.	“Oh?”
Carefully,	Alice	reminded	herself,	go	carefully.	“When	Daddy	came	back	from	the	war,
do	 you	 remember	 how	 excited	 Mother	 was?	 The	 room	 upstairs	 she	 filled	 with	 all	 his
favorite	 things:	 the	 microscope	 and	 specimen	 boxes,	 the	 rows	 of	 books,	 his	 old
gramophone	and	dance	records.	We	used	to	sneak	upstairs	to	spy	through	the	keyhole	at
the	tall,	handsome	stranger	in	our	midst.”
Deborah	 put	 down	 her	 phone	 and	 regarded	 Alice	 through	 slightly	 narrowed	 eyes.
“Goodness,”	she	said	at	length.	“We	are	nostalgic	today.”
Alice	ignored	the	implied	question	as	to	why	that	might	be.	“Not	nostalgic,”	she	said.
“I	don’t	long	romantically	for	the	past.	I’m	simply	raising	the	topic	for	discussion.”
“You	and	your	semantics.”	Deborah	shook	her	head,	amused.	“Well,	if	you	say	so.	God
forbid	anyone	accuse	you	of	sentimentality!	And	yes,	for	the	record,	I	do	remember.	They
used	 to	 dance	 up	 there	 and	 you	 and	 I	 tried	 to	 do	 the	 same.	 Of	 course,	 you	 had	 two	 left
feet	.	.	.”	Deborah	smiled.
“She	was	saving	him.”
“Whatever	do	you	mean	by	that?”
“Only	 that	 he	 must	 have	 been	 exhausted—the	 war,	 all	 those	 years	 away—and	 she
cherished	him	back	to	his	old	self.”
“I	suppose	she	did.”
“He	did	the	same	for	her,	later,	didn’t	he?	After	Theo.”	Alice	strove	for	nonchalance.
“They	 were	 lucky	 to	 have	 one	 another.	 The	 loss	 of	 a	 child,	 the	 not	 knowing.	 Not	 many

marriages	would	survive	it.”
“That’s	true.”	Deborah	spoke	cautiously,	no	doubt	wondering	why	Alice	was	dragging
the	conversation	in	a	direction	they’d	tacitly	agreed	never	to	go.	But	Alice	couldn’t	afford
to	stop	now.	She	was	preparing	her	next	question	when	Deborah	said,	“The	night	before
my	 wedding	 she	 came	 to	 my	 bedroom	 and	 delivered	 a	 little	 pep	 talk.	 She	 quoted	 1
Corinthians.”
“ ‘Love	is	patient,	love	is	kind’?”
“ ‘Love	keeps	no	record	of	wrongs.’ ”
“That’s	rather	grim.	Whatever	did	she	mean?”
“I	can’t	imagine.”
“You	didn’t	ask	her?”
“I	did	not.”	An	old	acerbity	had	crept	into	Deborah’s	voice,	though	she	tried	valiantly
to	mask	it,	and	Alice	remembered	something	she’d	forgotten.	Her	mother	and	sister	had
been	 at	 odds	 in	 the	 lead-up	 to	 Deborah’s	 wedding,	 snapping	 at	 each	 other	 and	 inflicting
long	periods	of	silence	on	the	rest	of	the	household.	The	Edevane	family	had	returned	to
London	by	then.	Deborah’s	wedding	to	Tom	had	taken	place	only	five	months	after	Theo’s
disappearance,	and	family	life	at	Loeanneth	was	over.	It	would	never	resume,	though	none
of	them	knew	that	at	the	time;	the	police	case	had	been	wound	down	but	they	still	clung	to
hope.	 There’d	 been	 talk	 of	 postponing	 the	 wedding,	 but	 Deborah	 and	 Eleanor	 had	 both
been	adamant	that	it	should	go	ahead	as	planned.	It	had	been	the	one	thing	they’d	agreed
on	at	the	time.
“Top-up?”	 said	 Alice,	 lifting	 the	 teapot.	 Deborah’s	 mention	 of	 their	 mother’s	 prewedding	 visit	 was	 unanticipated.	 She	 hadn’t	 intended	 to	 revive	 old	 grievances	 and	 was
anxious	that	the	misstep	shouldn’t	prevent	her	from	achieving	her	ends.
Deborah	slid	her	cup	and	saucer	across	the	table.
“We	 had	 good	 times	 there,	 didn’t	 we?”	 Alice	 continued,	 tea	 gurgling	 from	 the	 pot’s
spout.	“Before	Theo.”
“We	did,	though	I	always	preferred	London.	That	lovely	house	in	Cadogan	Square,	Mr.
Allan	bringing	round	the	Daimler,	the	ballrooms	and	dresses	and	nightclubs.	The	country
didn’t	hold	enough	excitement	for	me.”
“It	was	beautiful,	though.	The	woods,	the	lake,	all	those	picnics.	The	gardens.”	Lightly
did	it.	“Of	course,	it	should	have	been	beautiful.	Mother	had	a	team	of	gardeners	working
around	the	clock.”
Deborah	laughed.	“Those	were	the	days.	I’m	hard	pressed	finding	someone	to	dust	my
mantelpiece	now.”
“Old	Mr.	Harris,	wasn’t	it,	the	fellow	in	charge,	and	his	son,	the	one	who’d	come	back
from	the	Somme	with	that	dreadful	brain	injury.”
“Adam,	poor	soul.”

“Adam,	yes,	and	there	was	another	fellow,	I’m	sure	there	was.	He	came	in	on	contract.”
Alice	could	hear	her	own	heartbeat	thumping	in	her	ears.	The	café	noise	seemed	far	away,
as	 if	 she	 were	 speaking	 from	 within	 the	 glass	 vacuum	 tube	 on	 an	 old	 radio.	 She	 said,
“Benjamin	something?”
Deborah	frowned,	straining	to	remember,	and	then	shook	her	head.	“It	doesn’t	ring	any
bells	with	me,	I’m	afraid—but	then	it	was	a	long	time	ago,	and	there	were	so	many	who
came	and	went.	One	can’t	be	expected	to	remember	them	all.”
“Quite.”	 Alice	 smiled	 agreement	 and	 hid	 behind	 a	 sip	 of	 cooling	 tea.	 She	 hadn’t
realized	she	was	holding	her	breath.	Relief	flowed,	but	with	it	came	a	strange	deflation.
For	a	split	second	she’d	been	fully	prepared	to	hear	Deborah	say,	“Munro.	His	name	was
Benjamin	Munro,”	and	the	expectation	had	been	thrilling.	She	fought	a	sudden	temptation
to	push	further,	to	force	Deborah	to	remember	him,	as	if	in	some	way	her	sister’s	collusion
would	conjure	him	back	to	life,	allow	her	to	talk	about	him	and	therefore	feel	again	the
way	she	had	back	then.	But	it	was	a	foolish	urge,	a	madness,	and	she	extinguished	it.	She
had	learned	what	she	needed	to:	Deborah	had	no	memory	of	Ben,	and	Alice	was	safe.	The
wisest	thing	now	was	to	move	the	conversation	swiftly	on	to	safer	ground.	She	buttered	a
scone	and	said,	“What	news	of	Linda?”
Alice	only	half	listened	as	Deborah	picked	up	the	well-worn	topic.	The	tedious	story	of
The	 Errant	 Granddaughter	 mattered	 to	 Alice	 only	 insofar	 as	 she	 was	 planning	 to	 leave
Loeanneth	to	Linda.	She	hadn’t	much	choice	in	the	matter.	The	house	was	entailed	and	she
had	no	descendants	of	her	own;	those	she	might	have	had	were	little	more	than	ghosts	on
the	 end	 of	 the	 bed	 on	 nights	 when	 she	 couldn’t	 sleep,	 and	 to	 sell	 the	 house	 was
unthinkable.
“Pippa’s	beside	herself,	of	course,”	Deborah	was	saying,	“that	was	her	on	my	voicemail
before—and	 one	 can	 hardly	 blame	 her.	 They	 call	 it	 a	 gap	 year,	 but	 Linda’s	 been	 gone
almost	five.”
“Well,	she’s	young,	and	exploring	runs	in	the	blood.”
“Yes,	and	we	both	know	what	happened	to	Great-Grandfather	Horace.”
“I	don’t	think	there	are	Carib	tribes	in	Australia.	She’s	far	more	likely	to	lose	herself	to
Sydney’s	beaches	than	to	cannibalism.”
“That’s	cold	comfort	for	Pippa,	I’m	afraid.”
“Linda	 will	 find	 her	 way	 home	 eventually.”	 When	 her	 allowance	 runs	 out,	 Alice
thought	 tartly,	 though	 she	 refrained	 from	 saying	 so.	 They’d	 never	 discussed	 the	 matter
candidly,	 but	 Alice	 held	 grave	 reservations	 about	 Linda’s	 character.	 She	 was	 quite	 sure
Deborah	felt	the	same	way,	but	one	didn’t	criticize	one’s	sister’s	only	granddaughter,	not
openly,	 it	 was	 bad	 manners.	 Besides,	 Deborah’s	 difficulty	 conceiving	 had	 conferred	 the
status	 of	 royalty	 onto	 her	 meager	 issue.	 “You’ll	 see,	 she’ll	 arrive	 back	 a	 new	 woman,	 a
better	woman,	for	the	experience.”
“I	hope	you’re	right.”
As	did	Alice.	The	Lake	House	had	been	in	the	deShiel	family	for	centuries,	and	Alice
had	no	intention	of	being	the	one	to	let	it	go.

It	 had	 been	 a	 shock	 when	 the	 house	 came	 to	 her	 in	 the	 aftermath	 of	 Eleanor’s	 death.
But	then,	their	mother’s	death	itself	had	been	a	shock.	It	was	1946	and	the	war	was	over.
After	all	that	dying	and	destruction,	it	had	seemed	scandalous	that	a	person	might	step	out
onto	 the	 street	 and	 have	 her	 life	 extinguished	 by	 a	 bus	 en	 route	 from	 Kilburn	 to
Kensington.	Especially	a	person	like	Eleanor.	It	just	wasn’t	the	sort	of	death	one	expected
for	a	woman	like	her.
The	 bus	 driver	 had	 suffered	 dreadfully.	 At	 the	 inquest	 he’d	 broken	 down	 and	 wept.
He’d	 noticed	 Eleanor,	 he	 said,	 standing	 on	 the	 pavement,	 and	 he’d	 thought	 what	 a
dignified	lady	she	looked	in	her	smart	suit,	carrying	that	leather	briefcase.	He’d	wondered
where	she	might	be	going.	There	was	something	about	her	expression,	he	said,	as	if	she
were	lost	in	thought,	but	then	a	child	at	the	back	of	his	bus	had	begun	screaming	and	he’d
looked	away	from	the	road,	only	briefly,	only	for	the	merest	second,	you	understand,	and
the	next	thing	he	knew,	thump.	That	was	the	word	he	used.	Thump.	Alice	could	still	hear
him	when	she	closed	her	eyes.
She	 hadn’t	 wanted	 the	 house,	 Loeanneth,	 none	 of	 them	 had	 wanted	 it,	 but	 their
mother’s	 reasoning	 had	 seemed	 clear:	 Deborah	 was	 wealthy,	 Clemmie	 was	 dead,	 which
left	only	Alice.	Alice,	however,	knew	Eleanor	better	than	that;	she	understood	that	there
was	more	to	the	legacy	than	met	the	eye.	There	were	nights	afterwards,	when	the	darkness
closed	in	around	her,	when	Alice	was	already	feeling	sorry	for	herself,	drinking	too	much
at	the	bare	table	in	the	bleak	flat,	her	thoughts	too	loud	in	the	peacetime	quiet,	when	the
walls	she’d	built	against	the	past	began	to	tremble.	It	had	been	back	in	her	other	life,	just
before	she	started	writing,	before	Diggory	Brent	gave	her	somewhere	to	funnel	her	fears
and	regrets.	Those	nights,	it	would	be	clear	to	Alice	that	her	mother	had	been	punishing
her	with	the	Loeanneth	legacy.	That	Eleanor	had	always	blamed	her	for	Theo’s	loss,	even
if	 she’d	 never	 said	 it	 in	 as	 many	 words.	 And	 what	 an	 exquisite	 punishment	 it	 was,	 how
right,	to	be	given	possession	of	a	place	she	loved	more	than	any	other	in	the	world	but	that
the	past	rendered	out	of	bounds.

13
Alice	caught	the	Tube	home	to	Hampstead.	An	announcement	advised	of	a	person	under
a	 train	 at	 Goodge	 Street	 Station,	 so	 she	 took	 the	 Piccadilly	 line	 all	 the	 way	 to	 King’s
Cross.	 A	 pair	 of	 lovers	 traveled	 in	 the	 carriage	 with	 her,	 pressed	 together	 at	 the	 end
amongst	other	people’s	suitcases.	The	girl	was	leaning	against	the	boy,	laughing	a	little	as
he	whispered	in	her	ear.
Alice	met	the	eye	of	a	pompous-looking	man	opposite.	He	raised	his	brows	sniffily	at
the	 pair,	 but	 Alice	 refused	 to	 ally	 herself	 with	 him	 and	 looked	 away.	 She	 remembered
love,	 all-encompassing,	 young-people	 love,	 even	 though	 it	 had	 been	 a	 long	 time	 since
she’d	felt	it.	There	was	beauty	in	love	like	that,	just	as	certainly	as	there	was	danger.	Love
like	 that	 made	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 world	 disappear;	 it	 had	 the	 power	 to	 make	 even	 the	 most
sensible	person	take	leave	of	her	senses.
Had	 Benjamin	 Munro	 asked	 Alice	 to	 die	 for	 him	 that	 summer,	 she	 was	 quite	 certain
she’d	have	done	so.	He	hadn’t,	of	course,	he’d	asked	very	little	of	her	as	it	turned	out.	But
then,	he	hadn’t	needed	to	ask;	she’d	gladly	given	him	everything	he	wanted.
Alice	had	thought	at	the	time	she’d	been	so	secretive.	Silly	child.	She’d	thought	herself
so	clever	and	grown-up.	But	she’d	been	blind,	love	had	blinded	her	to	faults,	both	her	own
and	 his,	 just	 as	 William	 Blake	 had	 said	 it	 must.	 Love	 made	 people	 lawless,	 winged	 and
unconfined;	 it	 made	 them	 careless.	 And	 they	 had	 been	 seen	 together,	 she	 and	 Ben.
Deborah	might	not	have	known	about	them,	but	someone	else	had.
As	 the	 Tube	 rattled	 along,	 two	 long-ago	 voices	 came	 back	 to	 her	 as	 if	 from	 an	 old
wireless,	transmitting	across	the	decades.	It	had	been	a	winter’s	night	in	1940,	the	height
of	 the	 Blitz,	 and	 Clemmie	 had	 been	 in	 London	 briefly	 on	 unexpected	 leave,	 bunking	 in
Alice’s	tiny	flat.	They’d	been	exchanging	war	stories	over	a	bottle	of	gin.	Clemmie’s	work
with	the	Air	Transport	Auxiliary,	Alice’s	tales	of	bomb-site	recovery,	and,	as	the	hour	got
later,	the	bottle	emptier	and	the	sisters	more	sentimental,	talk	had	turned	to	their	father	and
the	Great	War,	the	horrors	he	must	have	seen	and	that	they	were	only	now	beginning	to
grasp.
“He	hid	it	well,	didn’t	he?”	Clemmie	said.
“He	wouldn’t	have	wanted	to	burden	us.”
“But	he	never	said	a	word.	Not	one.	I	can’t	imagine	living	through	all	this,	only	to	set	it
aside	 completely	 and	 absolutely	 when	 the	 war	 ends.	 I	 can	 see	 myself	 boring	 my
grandchildren	to	tears	when	I’m	an	old,	old	lady,	talking	their	ears	off	with	stories	of	the
war	 and	 my	 part	 in	 it.	 But	 not	 Daddy.	 I	 never	 would’ve	 guessed	 he’d	 been	 through	 the
trenches.	 The	 mud	 and	 the	 rats	 and	 the	 hell	 of	 watching	 his	 men	 die.	 Did	 he	 ever	 talk
about	it	with	you?”

Alice	shook	her	head.	“I	do	remember	him	saying	he	was	glad	he’d	had	daughters,	that
no	 child	 of	 his	 would	 have	 to	 fight	 if	 another	 war	 came	 along.”	 She	 raised	 her	 glass	 to
Clemmie’s	uniform	and	half	smiled.	“I	guess	no	one’s	right	all	the	time.”
“Not	even	Daddy,”	Clemmie	agreed.	“And	no	matter	what	he	said,	he	did	want	a	son.”
“All	men	do,	according	to	Grandmother	deShiel.”	Alice	didn’t	add	that	the	noxious	old
woman	had	made	her	pronouncement	in	October	1920,	directly	after	Clemmie	was	born,
chiding	their	mother	that	a	third	daughter	was	no	way	to	welcome	her	husband	home	from
the	war.
“Anyway,	he	got	one	in	the	end,”	Clemmie	said.	“He	got	his	son	in	the	end.”
They’d	sat	in	silence	then,	conversation	having	brought	them	to	their	childhood	and	the
great	taboo	subject	of	their	brother,	each	lost	in	her	own	gin-soaked	memories	of	the	past.
The	baby	in	the	flat	upstairs	had	begun	to	cry,	a	siren	sounded	in	a	distant	part	of	London,
and	 Alice	 stood,	 the	 room	 tilting	 as	 she	 gathered	 their	 empty	 glasses	 with	 one	 hand,
carrying	 them	 between	 her	 fingers	 to	 the	 butler	 sink	 beneath	 the	 small,	 sooty	 window
criss-crossed	with	tape.	Her	back	was	turned	when	Clemmie	said,	“I	saw	that	man	on	his
way	to	France,	the	gardener	who	worked	for	a	time	at	Loeanneth.”
The	word	crackled	like	a	struck	match	in	the	chilly	room.	Alice	balled	her	hands	inside
the	sleeves	of	her	knitted	jumper.	Steeling	herself,	she	turned	to	face	her	sister	and	heard
herself	say,	“Which	gardener?”
Clemmie	was	staring	at	the	wooden	tabletop,	tracing	its	grain	with	her	short	fingernail.
She	didn’t	answer,	knowing,	of	course,	that	there	was	no	need,	they	both	knew	who	she
meant.	“Allie,”	she	said,	the	childhood	nickname	making	Alice	shiver,	“there’s	something
I	need	to—that	I’ve	been	meaning	to	.	.	.	Something	I	saw,	back	when	we	were	kids.”
Alice’s	heart	thumped	like	the	hammer	on	a	clock.	She	braced	herself,	one	part	of	her
wanting	 to	 close	 the	 conversation	 down,	 the	 other	 part,	 the	 drunk	 part,	 tired	 of	 running
from	 the	 past,	 cavalier	 in	 this	 time	 of	 ever-present	 death	 and	 danger,	 almost	 inviting	 it.
Frightening,	the	way	alcohol	took	the	restraints	off	confession.
“It	was	that	summer,	the	last	summer.	We’d	been	to	the	air	show	a	few	months	before
and	I	was	obsessed	with	planes.	I	used	to	run	around	the	house,	remember,	pretending	I
was	flying.”
Alice	nodded,	her	throat	was	dry.
“I’d	 been	 down	 to	 the	 base,	 the	 one	 beyond	 Jack	 Martin’s	 farm.	 I	 used	 to	 go	 there
sometimes,	 just	 to	 watch	 the	 planes	 taking	 off	 and	 landing,	 imagining	 what	 it	 would	 be
like	to	fly	them	myself	one	day.	I	was	late	coming	home	so	I	cut	back	through	the	woods,
along	the	river.	I	wound	up	at	the	old	boathouse.”
Alice’s	vision	blurred	and	she	blinked	at	a	painting	on	the	wall,	something	left	by	the
flat’s	 previous	 occupant,	 a	 ship	 in	 a	 stormy	 sea.	 That	 ship	 was	 moving	 now.	 Alice
watched,	mildly	surprised,	as	it	listed	from	side	to	side.
“I	wouldn’t	have	stopped,	I	was	hungry	and	in	a	hurry	to	get	home,	but	I	heard	a	voice
inside,	a	man’s	voice.”

Alice	 closed	 her	 eyes.	 For	 years	 she’d	 dreaded	 this	 moment,	 envisaged	 different
scenarios,	 rehearsed	 explanations	 and	 excuses	 in	 her	 mind;	 now	 it	 was	 upon	 her	 she
couldn’t	think	of	anything	to	say.
“I	knew	it	wasn’t	Daddy	or	Mr.	Llewellyn	and	I	was	curious.	I	went	to	the	window.	I
couldn’t	help	it.	I	climbed	up	on	the	upturned	boat	and	I	saw,	Alice,	I	didn’t	mean	to	but	I
did.	That	man,	the	gardener—”
“Look	out!”	Alice	interrupted,	leaping	to	grab	the	gin	bottle	from	the	table,	knocking	it
over	in	the	process.	Glass	smashed	and	Clemmie	jumped	from	her	seat.	She	brushed	at	her
clothes,	startled	by	the	sudden	clatter,	the	cold	liquor.
“I’m	so	sorry,”	Alice	said,	“your	elbow—the	bottle	was	about	to	drop.	I	tried	to	catch
it.”	She	hurried	to	the	sink	and	brought	back	a	cloth,	dripping	water	everywhere.
“Alice,	stop	it.”
“God,	you’re	soaking	wet.	Let	me	fetch	you	another	shirt.”
Clemmie	 protested	 but	 Alice	 insisted,	 and	 by	 the	 time	 clothes	 had	 been	 changed	 and
the	spill	cleaned	up,	the	mood	for	disclosure	was	gone.	Next	morning,	Clemmie	was	gone,
too.	The	space	on	the	floor	where	she’d	rolled	out	her	kit	was	empty	and	all	trace	of	her
removed.
Alice	had	felt	a	swell	of	relief	so	great	it	rendered	her	light-headed.	Even	the	note	on
the	table	couldn’t	put	a	dent	in	her	spirits:	Had	to	go,	early	flight	scheduled.	See	you	when
I’m	back.	Need	to	talk.	Important.	C.
She’d	 scrunched	 that	 piece	 of	 notepaper	 into	 a	 tight	 ball	 and	 thanked	 God	 for	 the
reprieve.
It	 turned	 out	 God	 could	 be	 cruel.	 Two	 days	 later,	 Clemmie	 was	 shot	 down	 over	 the
ocean,	 four	 miles	 from	 the	 English	 coast.	 Her	 plane	 washed	 up	 but	 her	 body	 was	 never
found.	The	pilot	is	presumed	to	have	ejected,	the	report	read,	immediately	before	the	plane
was	hit.	Just	one	more	loss	in	a	world	that	had	decided	life	was	cheap.	Alice	was	not	selfabsorbed	enough	to	believe	that	other	people’s	fates	were	lived	out	in	service	to	her	own
life’s	 lessons;	 she	 abhorred	 the	 expression	 Everything	 happens	 for	 a	 reason.	 Certainly
there	 were	 consequences	 to	 everything	 that	 happened,	 but	 that	 was	 an	 entirely	 different
prospect.	So,	she	chose	to	see	it	as	an	instance	of	simple	coincidence,	that	the	death	of	one
sibling	had	spared	her	implication	in	the	death	of	another.
Alice	 still	 saw	 her	 sister	 when	 she	 least	 expected	 it.	 On	 summer	 days,	 when	 she
glanced	towards	the	pulsing	sun	and	her	vision	starred;	a	black	speck	shooting	through	the
sky,	turning	a	graceful	arc,	falling	silently	into	the	sea;	that	little	girl	who’d	run	circles	in
the	 fields,	 arms	 outstretched;	 the	 second	 of	 Alice’s	 siblings	 to	 disappear.	 Oh	 that	 I	 had
wings	like	a	dove!	for	then	would	I	fly	away,	and	be	at	rest.
The	 train	 slid	 into	 King’s	 Cross	 and	 the	 lovers	 hopped	 off,	 heading	 towards	 the	 exit.
Alice	fought	an	urge	to	follow	them;	just	to	remain,	for	a	brief	time,	on	the	periphery	of
their	heady	infatuation.
She	 didn’t,	 of	 course.	 She	 switched	 to	 the	 Northern	 line	 and	 traveled	 to	 Hampstead,
where	finally	she	took	the	lift	to	the	surface.	She	hadn’t	time	for	wistfulness	or	nostalgia;

she	had	to	get	back,	to	see	Peter	and	set	repairs	in	motion.	It	was	a	lovely	afternoon	up
top.	 The	 day’s	 heat	 had	 slid	 away,	 the	 sun	 had	 lost	 its	 dazzle,	 and	 Alice	 walked	 the
familiar	path	home.
Peter	took	up	a	yellow	highlighter	and	drew	it	neatly	over	the	lines.	It	was	the	end	of	a
long	day,	and	he	allowed	himself	a	moment	of	silent	celebration.	Alice’s	publisher	wanted
the	 website	 up	 in	 a	 month’s	 time	 and	 he’d	 been	 tasked	 with	 providing	 the	 text—a	 job
made	 rather	 more	 difficult	 than	 it	 might	 have	 been	 by	 the	 ardent	 refusal	 of	 the	 site’s
subject	to	involve	herself	in	its	preparation.
It	 wasn’t	 anything	 so	 simple	 or	 clichéd	 as	 an	 octogenarian’s	 refusal	 to	 admit	 the
newfangled;	 indeed,	 Alice	 made	 it	 a	 point	 of	 pride	 to	 keep	 up-to-date	 with	 technology.
The	 internet	 had	 made	 a	 huge	 difference	 in	 policing	 practices	 during	 Diggory’s	 lifetime
and	Alice	was	stringent	about	maintaining	realism	in	her	books.	Where	she	took	umbrage
was	with	the	“insidious	infringement”	of	the	public	sphere	into	the	private.	Marketing	was
all	well	and	good,	she	said,	but	when	the	author	became	more	important	than	the	books,
the	world	had	surely	tipped	off-kilter.	Only	with	the	fiftieth	anniversary	upcoming,	and	a
personal	plea	from	the	head	of	the	publishing	company,	had	she	been	induced	to	accede,
and	only	on	one	condition:	“I	don’t	want	to	know	about	it,	Peter.	Just	make	it	happen,	will
you?”
Peter	had	promised	that	he	would	and	proceeded	gingerly,	careful	to	avoid	all	mention
of	words	like	online	and	platform	in	her	hearing.	The	author	bio	had	been	easy	enough—
they	already	had	a	standard	document	he	kept	updated	for	press	releases—and	Peter	was
rather	proud	of	the	special	page	he’d	put	together	from	the	perspective	of	Diggory	Brent
himself,	but	he	was	working	now	on	the	Frequently	Asked	Questions	section	and	things
were	progressing	slowly.	The	problem	was,	the	job	necessarily	relied	on	Alice’s	responses.
Without	 her	 cooperation,	 he	 was	 stuck	 hunting	 through	 the	 archives	 for	 articles	 from
which	he	might	pluck	answers.
He	had	focused	on	the	subject	of	writing	and	process,	partly	because	he	knew	it	would
please	Alice	and	partly	because	it	made	life	easier.	Alice	didn’t	grant	a	lot	of	interviews
these	days,	and	those	she	did	were	conducted	under	the	strict	condition	that	she	would	talk
only	 about	 her	 work.	 She	 guarded	 her	 privacy	 with	 a	 fervor	 Peter	 worried	 sometimes
(quietly,	 to	 himself	 and	 never	 where	 she	 might	 intuit	 his	 concern)	 was	 verging	 on	 the
neurotic.
He	 had,	 however,	 included	 a	 few	 personal	 questions	 out	 of	 deference	 to	 Alice’s
publicist,	 who’d	 sent	 through	 a	 “short	 list”	 of	 thirty	 suggestions,	 and	 in	 order	 to	 find
answers	 he’d	 needed	 to	 go	 back	 decades.	 Alice’s	 own	 archives	 were	 less	 than	 orderly.
There’d	been	some	interesting	and	varied	filing	systems	implemented	over	the	years,	and
the	task	was	more	complicated	than	it	might	have	been.
But	here,	finally,	success.	In	an	interview	with	the	Yorkshire	Post	dated	August	1956,
he’d	found	a	quote	from	Alice	that,	with	a	little	massaging,	could	be	made	to	fit	one	of	the
problematic	personal	questions:
Q:	What	kind	of	child	were	you?	Were	you	a	writer	even	then?

Peter	looked	back	over	the	lines	he’d	just	highlighted.
A:	I	was	always	a	scribbler,	the	sort	of	child	told	off	for	writing	on	walls,	or	carving	my
name	into	furniture.	I	was	fortunate	to	be	given	great	encouragement	by	a	family	friend,	a
published	writer	who	never	seemed	to	tire	of	indulging	a	child	in	her	flights	of	fancy.	One
of	the	greatest	gifts	I	ever	received	was	my	first	journal.	My	father	gave	it	to	me.	How	I
treasured	 that	 book!	 I	 carried	 it	 with	 me	 everywhere	 and	 developed	 a	 predilection	 for
notebooks	 I’ve	 never	 lost.	 My	 father	 gave	 me	 a	 new	 one	 every	 year.	 I	 wrote	 an	 entire
mystery	novel,	my	first,	in	the	notebook	I	received	for	my	fifteenth	birthday.
It	would	do	perfectly.	Humming	to	himself,	Peter	scrolled	down	the	document	on	his
computer	 screen,	 hunting	 for	 the	 blank	 space	 awaiting	 an	 answer.	 Warm	 afternoon	 light
spilled	 across	 the	 keyboard.	 A	 bus	 sighed	 to	 a	 stop	 on	 the	 road	 outside,	 a	 woman	 with
laughter	in	her	voice	called	for	someone	to	“Hurry	up!”,	and	down	on	the	High	Street	a
busker	played	Led	Zeppelin	on	an	electric	guitar.
Peter	was	already	mentally	packing	his	bags,	envisaging	the	long	bus	ride	home	with
Pip	and	Abel	Magwitch	for	company,	when	another	question	in	the	document	caught	his
attention.	Or,	more	properly,	the	answer	he’d	typed	below	it.
Q:	In	the	Blink	of	an	Eye	was	your	first	published	Diggory	Brent	novel,	but	was	it	the
first	manuscript	you	ever	completed?
A:	 It	 was.	 I’m	 one	 of	 those	 rare,	 lucky	 authors	 who	 never	 had	 to	 contend	 with	 a
rejection	notice.
Peter	stopped	humming.	He	glanced	again	at	the	highlighted	lines.
The	two	answers	didn’t	exactly	contradict	each	other.	There	was	a	difference	between
completing	a	manuscript	and	writing	a	novel	in	a	teenage	journal,	yet	something	tugged	at
Peter’s	memory.
He	scrabbled	back	through	the	pile	of	photocopies	on	the	desk,	seeking	the	pages	from
which	he’d	taken	the	second	Q&A.	He	found	it	in	a	1996	interview	with	the	Paris	Review
and	read	on.
INTERVIEWER:	 In	 the	 Blink	 of	 an	 Eye	 was	 the	 first	 manuscript	 you	 completed,	 but
surely	not	the	first	you’d	started?
EDEVANE:	In	fact	it	was.
INTERVIEWER:	You’d	never	set	pen	to	paper	to	write	fiction	before	beginning	In	the
Blink	of	an	Eye?
EDEVANE:	Never.	It	hadn’t	crossed	my	mind	to	write	a	story,	let	alone	a	mystery,	until
after	the	war.	The	character	of	Diggory	Brent	came	to	me	in	a	dream	one	night	and	the
next	morning	I	started	writing.	He’s	an	archetype,	of	course,	though	any	series	writer	who
tells	you	their	character	doesn’t	share	his	or	her	preoccupations	and	interests	is	lying.
Peter	heard	the	clock	on	the	mantelpiece	ticking.	He	stood	up,	stretched,	finished	his
glass	of	water,	then	went	to	the	window.	It	didn’t	matter	how	he	tried	to	twist	it,	the	two
interviews	were	in	direct	contradiction.
He	went	back	to	stand	behind	the	desk.	His	cursor	was	blinking	by	the	word	lying.

Alice	was	not	a	liar.	Indeed,	she	was	scrupulously	honest;	honest	to	the	point	of	causing
offense	in	many	cases.
The	 discrepancy	 was	 a	 mistake	 then.	 Forty	 years	 had	 passed	 between	 the	 first	 and
second	answers	being	given,	in	which	time	she’d	forgotten.	Alice	was	eighty-six	years	old.
There	were	parts	of	Peter’s	childhood	he	couldn’t	remember	with	any	certainty	and	he	was
only	thirty.
Still,	he	wasn’t	about	to	put	anything	on	the	web	that	risked	Alice	being	called	out.	It
wasn’t	 easy	 to	 get	 away	 with	 untruths	 or	 disparities	 anymore.	 Everything	 was	 instantly
verifiable.	Discrepancies	were	caught	like	insects	in	the	web.	It	was	no	longer	possible	to
be	forgotten.
Peter	 reached	 down	 to	 tap	 the	 keyboard	 idly	 with	 one	 finger.	 Not	 a	 big	 deal,	 just	 an
irritation.	 He	 couldn’t	 exactly	 ask	 Alice	 directly	 which	 interview	 was	 accurate.	 He’d
promised	 to	 make	 the	 website	 happen	 without	 bothering	 her	 and	 he	 valued	 his	 life	 too
much	to	risk	insinuating	she’d	told	a	fib.
His	eyes	drifted	again	to	the	screen.
It	hadn’t	crossed	my	mind	to	write	a	story,	let	alone	a	mystery,	until	after	the	war	.	.	.
How	I	treasured	that	book!	I	carried	it	with	me	everywhere	and	developed	a	predilection
for	notebooks	I’ve	never	lost	.	.	.	I	wrote	an	entire	mystery	novel,	my	first,	in	the	notebook	I
received	for	my	fifteenth	birthday.
Footfalls	 scuffed	 on	 the	 steps	 outside,	 and	 Peter	 looked	 at	 the	 clock.	 The	 front	 door
opened	and	he	heard	Alice	in	the	hall.
“Peter?”
“In	the	library,”	he	called,	hitting	the	shutdown	button	so	his	page	reduced	to	a	single
electronic	speck.	“I	was	just	finishing	up.	Cup	of	tea	before	I	go?”
“Yes,	please.”	Alice	appeared	at	the	door.	“I’ve	a	few	matters	I’d	like	to	discuss	with
you.”	She	looked	tired,	more	fragile	than	he	was	accustomed	to	seeing	her.	She	seemed	to
be	 wearing	 the	 day’s	 warmth	 in	 the	 creases	 of	 her	 clothes,	 her	 skin,	 her	 manner.	 “Any
messages?”	she	said,	sitting	down	to	remove	her	shoes.
“Jane	called	about	the	new	novel,	Cynthia	wants	to	talk	about	publicity,	and	there	was	a
call	from	Deborah.”
“Deborah?”	Alice	looked	up	sharply.
“Only	half	an	hour	ago.”
“But	I	just	saw	her.	Is	she	all	right?	Did	she	leave	a	message?”
“Yes.”	Peter	shifted	interview	files	aside	to	find	his	note.	“It’s	here	somewhere.	I	wrote
it	down	so	I	wouldn’t	forget.”	He	found	the	piece	of	paper	and	frowned	at	his	own	scrawl.
Deborah	 was	 always	 formal	 on	 the	 phone,	 but	 today	 she’d	 been	 unusually	 circumspect,
insisting	that	he	repeat	her	message	to	Alice	verbatim,	that	it	was	important.	“She	said	to
tell	you	that	she	did	remember	him,	and	that	his	name	was	Benjamin	Munro.”

14
CORNWALL,	JUNE	23,	1933

On	 his	 last	 morning	 at	 Loeanneth,	 Theo	 Edevane	 woke	 with	 the	 birds.	 He	 was	 only
eleven	months	old	and	far	too	young	to	understand	about	time,	let	alone	to	be	able	to	tell
it,	but	if	he	had	and	he	could,	he’d	have	known	that	the	hands	on	the	big	nursery	clock	had
just	gone	to	six	minutes	past	five.	Theo	only	knew	that	he	liked	the	way	the	morning	light
caught	the	silver	arrowheads	of	the	hands	and	made	them	shine.
With	 his	 thumb	 stuck	 in	 his	 mouth,	 and	 Puppy	 warm	 beneath	 his	 arm,	 he	 rolled
contentedly	onto	his	side	and	gazed	through	the	half-light	to	where	his	nanny	was	asleep
on	the	single	bed	within	the	nook.	Her	spectacles	were	not	on	her	nose,	and	without	their
metal	arms	to	hold	things	together,	her	face	had	collapsed	against	the	pillow,	a	series	of
lines	and	creases	and	soft	saggy	pockets.
Theo	 wondered	 where	 his	 other	 nanny	 was,	 Nanny	 Rose.	 He	 missed	 her	 (though	 the
details	of	what	it	was	he	missed	were	already	fading).	This	new	one	was	older	and	stiffer,
with	 a	 smell	 that	 made	 his	 nose	 tickle.	 She	 kept	 a	 damp	 handkerchief	 tucked	 inside	 her
black	cotton	sleeve	and	a	bottle	of	castor	oil	on	the	window	ledge.	She	often	said	“There’s
no	such	word	as	‘can’t’ ”	and	“Self-praise	is	no	recommendation,”	and	liked	to	sit	him	in
the	big	black	perambulator	and	wheel	him	up	and	down	the	bumpy	driveway.	Theo	didn’t
like	sitting	in	the	baby	carriage,	not	now	that	he	could	walk;	he’d	tried	to	tell	her	so,	but	he
hadn’t	many	words	and	Nanny	Bruen	had	only	said,	“Quiet,	Master	Theodore.	We	did	not
ask	Mr.	Rude	along.”
Theo	was	listening	to	the	birds	outside	his	window,	watching	the	dawn	creep	along	his
ceiling,	when	the	sound	of	the	nursery	door	opening	made	him	roll	onto	his	tummy	and
peer	eagerly	through	the	cot	rails.
There,	peeking	back	at	him	in	the	gap	between	the	door	and	its	jamb,	was	his	big	sister,
the	 one	 with	 the	 long	 brown	 braids	 and	 freckles	 all	 over	 her	 cheeks,	 and	 Theo	 felt
excitement	and	love	explode	inside	him.	He	scrambled	to	his	feet	and	grinned,	slapping
his	hands	on	the	edge	of	his	cot	so	the	brass	knobs	on	the	corners	rang.
Theo	 had	 three	 big	 sisters	 and	 he	 loved	 them	 all,	 but	 this	 one	 was	 his	 favorite.	 The
others	smiled	at	him	and	cooed	and	told	him	he	was	a	sweet	baby,	but	they	couldn’t	be
counted	 on	 in	 quite	 the	 same	 way.	 Deborah	 put	 him	 down	 if	 he	 got	 too	 excited	 and
clutched	 at	 her	 hair	 or	 clothes,	 and	 Alice	 could	 be	 laughing	 one	 minute,	 playing	 a
tremendous	game	of	peekaboo,	when	suddenly	she’d	get	a	funny	look	in	her	eyes,	as	if	she
could	no	longer	see	him,	and	with	no	explanation	she’d	be	on	her	feet,	way	up	high	in	the
distance	where	the	grown-ups	lived,	stabbing	at	her	notebook	with	a	pen	instead.
This	 one,	 though,	 Clemmie,	 never	 tired	 of	 tickling	 him	 and	 pulling	 funny	 faces	 and
blowing	big,	wet	raspberries	on	his	belly.	She	carried	him	places,	her	warm,	skinny	arms

wrapped	 tightly	 around	 his	 middle;	 and	 when	 she	 finally	 plonked	 him	 down,	 she	 didn’t
stop	him,	as	the	others	did,	just	as	he’d	found	something	really	interesting	to	explore.	She
never	used	words	like	dirty	and	dangerous	and	no!,	and	when	she	came	for	him	first	thing
in	the	morning,	like	she	had	today,	she	always	took	him	through	the	kitchen	where	there
were	warm	loaves	of	fresh	bread	cooling	on	the	racks,	and	pots	of	lumpy	strawberry	jam
in	the	larder.
Theo	snatched	up	Puppy	in	anticipation	and	lifted	his	arms	high,	wriggling	his	body	as
if	he	might	somehow	free	himself	from	his	cot	if	he	just	tried	hard	enough.	He	waved	his
hands,	stretched	his	fingers	out	wide	in	joy,	and	his	big	sister	smiled	so	that	her	eyes	lit	up
and	her	freckles	danced,	and	just	as	he’d	known	she	would,	she	reached	into	the	cot	and
dragged	him	over	the	edge.
As	she	carried	him	joltingly	towards	the	door,	and	Nanny	Bruen	snuffled	a	snore	into
her	pillow,	exhilaration	made	a	star	of	Theo’s	body.
“Come	 on,	 Chubby	 Wubby,”	 his	 sister	 said,	 smudging	 kisses	 on	 the	 top	 of	 his	 head,
“let’s	go	and	look	at	the	planes.”
They	 started	 down	 the	 stairs	 together	 and	 Theo	 beamed	 at	 the	 red	 carpet	 runner	 and
thought	of	warm	bread	with	butter	and	jam	spread	on	it,	and	ducks	by	the	stream	and	the
treasures	he	would	find	in	the	mud,	and	his	sister’s	arms	out	wide	as	she	pretended	they
were	flying;	and,	as	they	crossed	the	hall,	he	clucked	laughter	round	his	warm,	wet	thumb
just	for	the	joy	of	being	happy	and	loved	and	here	and	now.
Eleanor	heard	the	squeak	on	the	stairs,	but	her	sleeping	mind	took	it	for	fodder,	stirring	it
into	a	piquant	dream	in	which	she	was	the	ringmaster	in	charge	of	a	large,	chaotic	circus.
Tigers	 who	 wouldn’t	 be	 tamed,	 trapeze	 artists	 whose	 feet	 kept	 slipping,	 a	 monkey	 who
couldn’t	 be	 found.	 When	 she	 woke	 finally	 to	 the	 reality	 of	 her	 bedroom,	 the	 noise	 was
already	 a	 distant	 memory,	 lost	 in	 the	 dark	 cavernous	 void	 with	 all	 the	 other	 nighttime
detritus	that	was	shed	in	the	crossover.
Light,	solidity,	morning	at	last.	After	months	of	planning,	Midsummer	had	arrived,	but
Eleanor	did	not	leap	with	alacrity	from	bed.	The	night	had	been	interminable	and	her	head
felt	like	a	wet	sponge.	She’d	woken	in	the	dark	and	lain	for	hours,	her	mind	full	and	the
room	hot.	Each	sheep	she’d	counted	had	turned	into	a	job	on	the	list	of	things	to	be	done
today,	and	not	until	dawn	had	she	finally	fallen	back	into	tumultuous	sleep.
She	rubbed	her	eyes	and	stretched,	and	then	collected	her	father’s	old	watch	from	the
bedside	 table,	 squinting	 at	 its	 loyal,	 round	 face.	 Not	 even	 seven	 and	 it	 was	 stinking	 hot
already!	Eleanor	collapsed	back	against	her	pillows.	If	this	were	any	other	day,	she’d	have
put	on	her	bathing	suit	and	gone	down	to	the	stream	for	a	dip	before	breakfast,	before	the
others	woke	up	and	she	had	to	be	Mother.	She’d	always	loved	to	swim,	the	silken	water
against	her	skin,	the	clarity	of	light	on	the	rippling	surface,	the	way	sound	thickened	when
her	 ears	 dipped	 beneath	 the	 surface.	 As	 a	 child,	 she’d	 had	 a	 favorite	 spot,	 particularly
deep,	down	near	the	boathouse	where	verbena	grew	wild	on	the	steep	banks	and	the	air
was	sweet	and	rotten.	The	water	was	wonderfully	cold	there,	as	she	disappeared	beneath
the	 surface,	 twirling	 her	 body	 lower	 and	 lower	 till	 she	 was	 nestled	 among	 the	 slippery
reeds.	The	days	had	been	much	longer	then.

Eleanor	 reached	 out,	 brushing	 an	 arm	 against	 the	 sheet	 beside	 her.	 Anthony	 wasn’t
there.	 He	 must’ve	 risen	 early	 and	 was	 probably	 upstairs,	 avoiding	 the	 turmoil	 he	 knew
from	experience	the	day	would	bring.	Until	recently,	she’d	have	worried	to	discover	him
gone	already,	tied	herself	in	knots	until	she	found	him,	alone;	but	no	longer.	She’d	fixed
things,	and	that	particular	fear	could	be	laid	to	rest.
A	 mower	 started	 up	 outside	 and	 Eleanor	 let	 go	 of	 a	 sigh	 she	 hadn’t	 realized	 she	 was
holding.	 A	 mower	 meant	 the	 weather	 was	 fine,	 and	 thank	 God	 for	 that;	 it	 was	 one	 less
thing	to	worry	about.	Rain	would	have	been	a	disaster.	There’d	been	thunder	in	the	night,
that’s	 what	 had	 first	 woken	 her,	 and	 she’d	 rushed	 to	 the	 window	 and	 pulled	 aside	 the
curtains,	dreading	the	wet	world	she	knew	she’d	see	outside.	But	the	storm	had	been	far
away,	sheet	lightning	and	not	the	jagged	sort	that	hurled	down	rain;	the	garden	had	been
dry	and	moonlit,	eerie	in	its	stillness.
In	 her	 relief,	 Eleanor	 had	 stood	 for	 a	 time	 in	 the	 darkened	 room,	 watching	 the	 faint
undulations	on	the	lake,	silver-rimmed	clouds	being	drawn	across	the	pewter	sky,	nursing
the	 uncanny	 sense	 of	 being	 the	 only	 person	 on	 earth	 awake.	 The	 feeling	 was	 not
unfamiliar,	it	made	her	think	of	those	nights	when	her	children	were	babies	and	she’d	fed
them	herself,	much	to	her	own	mother’s	distaste,	curled	up	in	the	armchair	by	the	nursery
window.	 Little	 animal	 squeaks	 of	 satisfaction,	 tiny	 velvet	 hands	 on	 the	 moon	 of	 her
swollen	breast,	the	vast,	still	quietness	of	the	world	beyond.
Eleanor	 had	 been	 fed	 as	 a	 baby	 in	 the	 same	 room,	 though	 under	 vastly	 different
conditions.	 Her	 mother	 had	 not	 held	 with	 such	 “vampiric”	 tendencies	 in	 infants,
instructing	 Nanny	 Bruen—younger	 then,	 but	 no	 less	 ancient	 in	 attitude—to	 prepare
sterilized	 cow’s	 milk	 for	 “the	 little	 stranger,”	 in	 one	 of	 the	 teated	 glass	 bottles	 that	 had
been	ordered	specially	from	Harrods.	To	this	day,	Eleanor	couldn’t	smell	rubber	without
experiencing	a	peaky	wave	of	nausea	and	isolation.	Nanny	Bruen,	naturally,	had	approved
wholeheartedly	of	the	regime,	and	the	bottles	had	been	produced	with	military	precision	at
intervals	dictated	by	the	cold-faced	nursery	clock,	regardless	of	the	rumblings	of	Eleanor’s
small	stomach.	It	was	just	as	well,	the	two	women	had	agreed,	that	the	child	should	begin
her	education	in	matters	of	“order	and	punctuality.”	How	else	was	she	to	become	a	proper
subordinate,	 taking	 her	 place	 gladly	 at	 the	 bottom	 of	 the	 family	 pile?	 Those	 were	 the
bland,	blancmange	days	before	Eleanor’s	father	came	and	rescued	her	from	her	Victorian
childhood.	He’d	stepped	in	when	talk	turned	to	the	hiring	of	a	governess,	declaring	there
to	be	no	need,	he	would	teach	his	daughter	himself.	He	was	one	of	the	cleverest	people
she’d	 ever	 met—not	 formally	 educated,	 like	 Anthony	 or	 Mr.	 Llewellyn,	 but	 a	 great
gentleman	 scholar	 with	 a	 mind	 that	 remembered	 everything	 it	 read	 and	 heard,	 that
cogitated	constantly,	fitting	pieces	of	knowledge	together,	questing	for	more.
She	propped	herself	against	the	pillows,	strapping	on	the	beloved	watch,	and	a	memory
came	 of	 sitting	 on	 his	 lap	 before	 the	 fire	 in	 the	 library	 while	 he	 read	 aloud	 from	 his
William	Morris	and	A.	J.	Wyatt	translation	of	Beowulf.	She’d	been	young,	too	young	to
comprehend	fully	the	meaning	of	the	old	English	words,	and	she’d	been	drowsy.	Her	head
had	 been	 resting	 against	 his	 chest	 and	 she’d	 listened	 to	 the	 burr	 of	 his	 voice	 from	 the
inside	out,	a	warm,	echoey	hum	that	was	everywhere	all	at	once.	She’d	been	mesmerized
by	the	flicker	of	orange	flames	reflected	in	the	glass	of	his	watch	and	in	that	moment	the
object	had	become	an	emblem	for	the	feeling	of	absolute	safety	and	contentment	that	had

enveloped	 her.	 There,	 with	 him,	 in	 the	 eye	 of	 the	 storm,	 the	 center	 of	 the	 spinning
universe.
Perhaps	fathers	and	their	daughters	were	always	tied?	Anthony	was	certainly	a	hero	to
their	girls.	He	had	been	since	his	return	from	the	war.	At	first	they’d	been	awed,	two	little
faces	peering	curiously	from	behind	the	door	of	his	study,	wide-eyed	and	whispering,	but
in	 no	 time	 at	 all	 they	 were	 smitten.	 Little	 wonder.	 He’d	 camped	 with	 them	 in	 the
meadows,	shown	them	how	to	weave	boats	from	grass,	listened	patiently	to	all	their	tears
and	 tales.	 A	 houseguest	 had	 once	 turned	 to	 Eleanor	 over	 mint	 juleps	 on	 the	 lawn,	 as
Anthony	 played	 leapfrog	 with	 Deborah	 and	 Alice,	 as	 tiny	 tottering	 Clementine	 took	 her
turn	 and	 he	 suddenly	 became	 a	 horse,	 galloping	 round	 the	 garden	 while	 all	 three	 girls
dissolved	 with	 laughter;	 the	 houseguest	 had	 asked,	 mischief	 disguised	 as	 sympathy,
whether	it	bothered	her	that	her	husband	was	so	clearly	the	favorite.	Eleanor	had	answered
that	of	course	it	didn’t.
It	had	almost	been	true.	After	the	privations	of	the	war,	four	long	years	during	which
the	two	of	them	had	been	forced	to	live	apart,	to	grow	up	and	take	on	new	responsibilities,
having	him	back	where	he	belonged	and	seeing	the	unadulterated	love	and	wonder	on	his
face	 as	 he	 watched	 the	 children	 they	 shared	 was	 a	 panacea.	 It	 was	 like	 having	 her	 very
own	time	machine,	traveling	back	to	an	age	of	innocence.
Eleanor	took	up	the	photograph	she	kept	beside	the	bed,	the	two	of	them	in	the	kitchen
garden	in	1913,	Anthony	in	his	straw	hat,	brand-new	then.	He	was	staring	directly	at	the
photographer,	his	smile	lopsided	as	if	he’d	just	made	a	joke;	she	was	looking	at	him	with
adoration,	a	scarf	tying	up	her	hair;	they	were	both	holding	shovels.	It	was	the	day	they’d
dug	 out	 the	 strawberry	 patch	 and	 made	 a	 complete	 mess	 of	 it.	 Howard	 Mann	 had	 been
behind	the	camera.	He’d	arrived	in	his	Silver	Ghost	one	day,	anxious	“to	see	that	the	two
of	you	hadn’t	fallen	off	the	edge	of	the	earth,”	and	had	ended	up	staying	all	week.	They’d
laughed	and	teased	and	argued	fiercely	about	politics,	people,	and	poetry,	just	as	they	had
in	the	Cambridge	years,	and	when	finally	he	returned	to	London,	it	was	with	reluctance
and	 promises	 to	 come	 back	 soon,	 and	 a	 car	 boot	 filled	 with	 leftovers	 from	 their	 first
harvest.	Looking	at	the	photograph	now,	remembering	the	two	of	them	back	then,	Eleanor
felt	the	gulf	of	time	keenly.	She	felt	humbled	by	those	happy	young	people.	So	sure,	so
whole,	so	untouched	by	life	.	.	.
She	 clicked	 her	 tongue,	 impatient	 with	 herself.	 It	 was	 lack	 of	 sleep	 making	 her
nostalgic,	the	tumult	of	the	past	few	months,	the	weight	of	the	day	ahead.	Carefully,	she
put	 the	 frame	 back	 on	 the	 table.	 The	 sun	 was	 gaining	 strength	 now,	 a	 dazzling
constellation	of	pinpricks	had	appeared	in	the	brocade	curtains.	Eleanor	knew	it	was	time
to	get	up	and	yet	a	part	of	her	resisted,	clinging	to	the	irrational	notion	that	by	staying	in
bed	she	might	somehow	stop	the	countdown	from	starting.	Keep	the	wave	from	crashing.
There’s	no	way	to	hold	back	the	tide.	Her	father’s	voice.	The	two	of	them	watching	the	sea
down	 by	 Miller’s	 Point,	 waves	 collapsing	 on	 the	 rocks	 at	 the	 base	 of	 the	 cliff	 before
relenting	 and	 being	 dragged	 back	 out	 again.	 It’s	 as	 inevitable	 as	 day	 following	 night.	 It
was	the	morning	he’d	told	her	he	was	ill	and	made	her	promise	she	would	remember	who
she	was	when	he	was	gone,	remember	to	remain	good	and	brave	and	true.	The	old,	muchloved	line	from	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway.

Eleanor	 blotted	 out	 the	 memory	 and	 focused.	 The	 first	 guests	 would	 arrive	 at	 eight
o’clock	that	night,	which	meant	she	needed	to	be	robed	and	ready,	with	a	stiff	drink	under
her	belt,	by	half	past	seven.	Oh,	but	there	was	still	so	much	to	do!	The	girls	would	have	to
be	pressed	into	service.	To	Alice	she	would	give	the	simple	(some	would	say	pleasurable,
though	not,	she	knew,	Alice)	task	of	filling	the	guest-room	vases	with	flowers.	Deborah
would	do	a	superior	job,	but	she’d	been	in	a	foul	mood	lately,	petulant	and	opinionated,
filled	 with	 the	 child’s	 naïve	 faith	 that	 she	 was	 going	 to	 do	 everything	 better	 than	 her
parents,	and	Eleanor	wasn’t	in	the	mood	for	an	argument.	As	for	Clemmie,	poor	child,	it
was	enough	that	she	stay	out	from	underfoot.	Dear	Clemmie,	already	the	most	unusual	of
Eleanor’s	 children,	 and	 now	 stuck	 in	 that	 awkward	 foal-like	 phase,	 toothy	 and	 longlimbed,	refusing	to	leave	her	childhood	behind.
The	door	opened	abruptly	and	Daisy	arrived	with	the	silver	breakfast	tray	held	proudly
aloft.	“Morning,	ma’am,”	she	said	with	grating	cheerfulness.	“Big	day’s	here	at	last!”
The	maid	set	down	the	tray,	babbling	breathlessly	about	the	menu	and	the	guests	and
the	parlous	state	of	things	in	the	kitchen.	“Last	I	saw,	Cook	was	chasing	Hettie	round	the
table	with	a	guinea	fowl	in	one	hand	and	a	rolling	pin	in	the	other!”	Then	she	moved	to
draw	back	the	curtains,	allowing	light,	remarkable	full	light,	to	flood	through	the	glass	and
sweep	away	any	lingering	trace	of	night.
And	while	Daisy	began	an	unsolicited	narration	of	the	preparations	taking	place	on	the
lawn	below,	Eleanor	poured	tea	from	the	small	silver	pot	and	wondered	how	on	earth	she
was	going	to	manage	all	that	the	day	required.
The	curtains	in	the	bedroom	window	lurched	open	and	from	where	she	sat	on	the	garden
seat,	 Constance	 could	 see	 that	 twit	 of	 a	 housemaid,	 Daisy,	 flapping	 her	 wings	 as	 she
crowed	 and	 cawed	 by	 the	 glass,	 doubtless	 driving	 Eleanor	 to	 the	 brink	 of	 ear-stabbing
distraction.	It	was	no	less	than	she	deserved.	Fancy	lying	in	so	late	when	there	was	a	party
to	host!	But	then	Eleanor	had	always	been	a	most	mercurial	child.
Constance	 had	 had	 her	 own	 breakfast	 an	 hour	 ago.	 She	 always	 rose	 at	 the	 crack	 of
dawn;	it	was	the	habit	of	a	lifetime.	Constance	was	not	above	vice—indeed,	she’d	always
felt	it	was	a	woman’s	duty	to	keep	herself	interesting—but	punctuality	was	a	virtue,	she’d
been	taught	as	a	child,	without	which	one	disrupted	the	lives	of	others.	Such	rudeness	was
not	to	be	countenanced.
The	garden	was	already	a	hive	of	activity.	Constance	had	her	stationery	set	with	her	and
a	list	of	letters	to	write,	but	it	was	almost	impossible	not	to	give	in	to	diversion.	A	number
of	 burly	 men	 were	 erecting	 elaborate	 firework-launchers	 on	 the	 oval	 lawn	 and	 vans	 had
started	arriving	with	deliveries	for	the	kitchen.	Nearby,	a	pair	of	inelegant	local	boys	with
decorative	wreaths	were	busy	trampling	the	flower	beds	as	they	looked	for	somewhere	to
set	down	their	ladder.	One	of	them,	a	liverish-looking	fellow	with	a	rash	of	fresh	pimples
on	 his	 chin,	 had	 made	 the	 mistake	 of	 approaching	 Constance	 when	 they	 first	 arrived,
looking	for	“the	boss,”	but	Constance	had	soon	got	rid	of	him	with	a	blank	stare	and	some
prattle	about	the	weather.	Senility	was	a	useful	costume.	It	was	true	her	thoughts	wandered
these	 days,	 but	 not	 as	 much	 as	 she	 let	 them	 all	 believe.	 She	 could	 still	 set	 her	 mind	 to
accomplishing	tremendous	things	if	she	were	sufficiently	inspired.

Yes,	 it	 was	 going	 to	 be	 a	 good	 day.	 Though	 she	 never	 would	 have	 admitted	 it	 aloud,
and	 certainly	 not	 to	 Eleanor,	 Constance	 relished	 Midsummer.	 The	 Edevanes	 did	 not
entertain	often,	but	the	tradition	of	Midsummer	was	one	that	Eleanor	hadn’t	been	able	to
let	 go,	 and	 thank	 God	 for	 that.	 The	 celebration	 at	 Loeanneth	 was	 the	 highlight	 of
Constance’s	 year,	 the	 only	 thing	 that	 made	 up	 for	 the	 fact	 she	 had	 to	 live	 here	 in	 this
godforsaken	place	where	the	smell	of	the	sea,	its	horrible	crashing	sound	when	the	breeze
blew	 a	 certain	 way,	 was	 enough	 to	 make	 her	 blood	 run	 cold.	 Constance	 despised	 the
sound.	It	reminded	her	of	that	terrible	night	all	those	years	ago;	she’d	thought	herself	rid
of	it	when	they’d	left	the	house	more	than	twenty	years	before,	but	life	could	be	cruel	like
that.
Anyway.	The	purpose	and	excitement	of	the	party	preparations	reminded	her	of	happier
times	past:	the	anticipation	she’d	felt	as	a	young	woman,	dressing	in	her	silk	and	jewels,
spritzing	her	cologne,	and	pinning	up	her	hair;	the	moment	of	arrival,	making	her	grand
entrance,	casting	her	gaze	across	the	crowd,	catching	the	eye	of	a	worthy	conquest;	and
then,	the	excitement	of	the	chase,	the	warmth	of	the	bright	dance	floor,	the	hushed	flight
along	 dark	 corridors	 to	 claim	 her	 prize	 .	 .	 .	 Sometimes,	 lately,	 the	 past	 was	 so	 vivid,	 so
real,	she	almost	believed	herself	to	be	that	young	woman	again.
Movement	 broke	 her	 reverie	 and	 Constance	 felt	 her	 smile	 drop	 away.	 The	 front	 door
had	 opened	 and	 now	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn	 emerged,	 stumbling	 over	 the	 threshold	 as	 he
adjusted	 his	 hat	 and	 hoisted	 his	 easel	 onto	 his	 hip.	 She	 sat	 very	 still,	 hidden	 in	 the
shadows.	The	last	thing	she	wanted	was	to	be	drawn	into	conversation	with	him.	He	was
moving	 more	 slowly	 than	 usual,	 almost	 as	 if	 he	 were	 in	 some	 sort	 of	 discomfort.
Constance	had	noticed	it	the	other	afternoon,	too,	when	they	were	all	out	on	the	lawn	and
Eleanor	 made	 the	 announcement	 about	 the	 award	 he	 was	 soon	 to	 receive.	 Heartburn,
apparently—not	that	it	was	any	of	her	care	or	concern;	Constance	had	no	time	for	the	silly,
weak	man.	The	way	he’d	lurked	about	the	house	and	garden	when	she	was	mistress,	with
his	eccentric	clothing	and	his	sad	eyes,	his	ridiculous	fairy	tales—every	time	she’d	turned
around	 he’d	 been	 there.	 And	 as	 for	 that	 breakdown	 of	 his!	 Constance	 sniffed	 with
contempt.	The	man	had	neither	pride	nor	shame.	What	had	he	to	feel	despondent	about?
She	was	the	one	who	ought	to	have	felt	aggrieved.	He’d	taken	her	child	from	her,	spouted
his	 rubbish	 about	 magic	 lands	 and	 redemption,	 and	 then	 presumed	 to	 intrude	 upon	 her
hospitality.	 She’d	 ordered	 Henri	 to	 send	 him	 away,	 but	 Henri,	 pliant	 and	 meek	 in	 every
other	respect,	had	refused.
And	now	it	was	Eleanor’s	turn	to	cosset	and	indulge	the	man.	She’d	adored	him	as	a
girl,	and	he	her,	and	the	pair	still	shared	a	singular	friendship.	Constance	had	seen	them	in
a	cozy	tête-à-tête	a	couple	of	weeks	ago,	sitting	on	the	garden	seat	near	the	roses.	Eleanor
had	 been	 telling	 him	 something,	 her	 face	 a	 study	 in	 anguish,	 and	 he	 nodding,	 and	 then
he’d	touched	her	cheek	with	his	fingertips	and	Constance	had	realized	Eleanor	was	crying.
She’d	known	then	what	the	conversation	was	about.
A	 warm	 breeze	 blew	 lightly	 and	 petals	 scattered	 like	 confetti.	 Constance	 saw	 many
things	these	days.	She’d	have	preferred	to	keep	her	youth	and	beauty,	but	it	did	no	good	to
rail	against	the	inevitable,	and	it	turned	out	there	were	benefits	to	aging.	When	she	lost	her
ability	 to	 turn	 heads,	 she	 gained	 the	 capacity	 to	 sit	 very	 still,	 to	 breathe	 very	 quietly,	 to
pass	unnoticed.	And	so,	she	saw	things.	She	saw	Deborah	giving	her	mother	a	hard	time

since	she’d	become	engaged;	Alice	sneaking	away	to	meet	in	secret	that	gardener	with	the
dark	hair	and	the	Gypsy	eyes;	that	business	between	Anthony	and	the	pretty	young	nanny.
It	was	a	pity	Eleanor	wasn’t	as	watchful	as	Constance.	She	might	have	figured	things
out	 sooner.	 Constance	 had	 wondered	 how	 long	 it	 would	 take	 for	 the	 penny	 to	 drop.	 Of
course,	 she	 could	 have	 told	 her	 daughter	 what	 she’d	 seen,	 but	 people	 were	 inclined	 to
shoot	the	messenger,	and	evidently	Eleanor	had	got	there	in	the	end,	for	the	young	nanny
was	gone	now.	She’d	been	sent	packing	with	very	little	warning	and	no	fanfare.	And	good
riddance.	The	covert	smiles,	the	snatched	conversations	when	they	thought	no	one	could
see.	Constance	had	seen,	though.	She’d	even	observed	the	young	woman	handing	over	a
gift	 one	 afternoon,	 a	 book.	 Constance’s	 eyes	 weren’t	 what	 they’d	 used	 to	 be	 and	 she
hadn’t	been	able	to	make	out	the	title,	not	then,	but	she’d	taken	it	upon	herself	to	creep
into	Anthony’s	study	later	and	there	she’d	seen	it,	among	the	butterflies	and	magnifiers,
the	same	green	cover.	A	book	of	poems	by	John	Keats.
It	wasn’t	the	infidelity	to	which	she	took	exception—Constance	saw	no	reason	men	and
women	 shouldn’t	 take	 their	 pleasure	 where	 they	 found	 it—but	 discretion	 was	 key.	 It
behooved	 people	 of	 their	 kind	 to	 make	 the	 right	 choices,	 so	 that	 news	 wasn’t	 leaked
outside	the	circle,	where	it	could	be	twisted	into	gossip.	And	therein	lay	the	rub.	A	person
in	one’s	employ	was	most	certainly	not	within	the	circle,	and	to	entangle	oneself	in	such	a
way	was	not	only	foolish	but	unkind.	It	gave	the	servants	ideas	above	their	station,	and	no
good	could	come	from	that.
Comfort	 had	 a	 habit	 of	 breeding	 transgression,	 and	 Rose	 Waters	 had	 become	 far	 too
comfortable,	particularly	in	her	handling	of	baby	Theo.	The	nanny	had	maintained	none	of
the	professional	barriers	one	might	expect,	kissing	the	child	and	crooning	softly	into	his
ear,	cuddling	him	close	as	she	carried	him	about	the	garden	instead	of	sitting	him	as	was
proper	 in	 his	 perambulator.	 It	 was	 the	 sort	 of	 gushy	 treatment	 one	 might	 have	 tolerated
from	a	doting	family	member,	but	not	from	the	hired	help.	And	the	liberties	taken	had	not
ended	there.	Rose	Waters	had	repeatedly	overstepped	her	bounds,	culminating	recently	in
a	moment	of	madness	when	she’d	dared	remonstrate	with	Constance	for	venturing	inside
the	nursery	“during	rest	time.”	Constance	was	the	boy’s	grandmother,	for	goodness’	sake,
and	had	only	wanted	to	sit	by	the	cot	and	watch	the	little	lad,	his	compact	chest	rising	and
falling	with	rude	good	health.
Thank	God	Nanny	Bruen	had	returned.	Constance	was	cheered	by	the	very	thought.	It
had	been	good	to	see	her	old	stalwart	again	recently,	brought	back	into	the	fold	and	placed
in	 charge	 of	 Theo.	 Constance	 took	 a	 special	 interest	 in	 her	 little	 grandson,	 and	 the
restoration	 of	 proper	 standards	 was	 sorely	 overdue.	 She	 made	 a	 mental	 note	 to	 have	 a
word	with	Nanny	Bruen	later.	She’d	seen	something	quite	unacceptable	not	thirty	minutes
before.	Clementine,	that	unfortunate	freckled	child	with	the	horsey	teeth,	had	appeared	at
the	side	of	the	house	with	the	baby	riding	high	on	her	back!	Constance	had	felt	a	rage	rise
within	her.	She’d	called	out,	intending	to	remonstrate,	but	the	girl	had	ignored	her.
Now	 Constance	 glanced	 back	 down	 the	 garden	 to	 where	 she’d	 last	 seen	 the	 girl,
disappearing	around	the	lake.	The	mower	clattered	away	on	the	lawns	behind	her	and	she
took	up	her	stationery	set,	using	it	as	a	fan.	Mechanical	noises	always	made	the	heat	seem
worse	 and	 it	 was	 going	 to	 be	 dreadfully	 hot	 today.	 People	 did	 strange	 things	 in	 hot
weather,	unexpected	things.	It	was	not	unheard	of	that	a	person	might	go	a	little	mad	when

the	temperature	sweltered.	Constance	had	never	enjoyed	Shakespeare—for	the	most	part
he	 was	 an	 utter	 bore—but	 he	 had	 one	 thing	 right:	 Midsummer	 was	 a	 strange	 and
unpredictable	time.
There	 was	 no	 sign	 of	 Clementine	 and	 the	 baby.	 Theo’s	 laughter	 still	 pealed	 in	 her
memory	 and	 Constance	 felt	 her	 heart	 soften.	 He	 really	 was	 the	 most	 delightful	 child:	 a
bonny	 nature;	 a	 smile	 that	 collapsed	 into	 dimples;	 those	 plump,	 sturdy	 legs.	 She
wondered,	sometimes,	what	the	other	little	boy	would	have	been	like,	the	first	one,	had	he
been	given	half	a	chance.
She	 would	 sit	 with	 Theo	 this	 afternoon,	 Constance	 decided,	 and	 watch	 him	 sleep.	 It
was	one	of	her	favorite	things	to	do	these	days,	and	with	Rose	Waters	gone,	Eleanor	busy,
and	Nanny	Bruen	mindful	of	her	proper	place,	there	would	be	no	one	to	stop	her	this	time.
Clemmie	took	the	narrow	path	of	beaten	grass	along	the	stream.	There	were	other,	quicker
ways	 to	 get	 there,	 but	 Theo	 liked	 to	 splash	 in	 the	 shallow	 water	 at	 the	 crossing	 and
Clemmie	 liked	 to	 make	 him	 happy.	 Besides,	 it	 was	 Midsummer’s	 Eve	 and	 the	 house
would	be	in	uproar	all	day.	The	longer	they	were	out	and	away,	the	better.	It	occurred	to
her,	with	dispassion	and	not	self-pity,	that	they	probably	wouldn’t	even	be	missed.
“Just	as	well	we’ve	got	each	other,	little	Wub,”	she	said.
“Gah!”	came	Theo’s	gurgled	reply.
A	surge	of	emotion	that	felt	as	much	like	loss	as	love	came	suddenly	upon	her	and	she
tightened	 her	 grip	 on	 his	 legs,	 so	 round	 and	 squishy.	 He	 might	 have	 replaced	 her	 as	 the
baby	in	the	family,	but	Clemmie	couldn’t	now	imagine	the	world	without	her	brother	in	it.
The	rising	sun	was	behind	them	and	their	long,	jumbled	shadow	stretched	ahead,	her
elongated	 body	 with	 his	 little	 legs	 stuck	 out	 at	 midway.	 His	 head	 was	 peeking	 over	 her
shoulder	 as	 he	 clung	 to	 her	 back	 and	 every	 so	 often	 he	 extended	 a	 small,	 excited	 fist	 to
waggle	a	plump	finger	at	something	they	were	passing.	It	had	taken	a	bit	of	practice,	but
he	was	good	now	at	holding	tightly	round	her	neck.	She	could	even	stretch	her	arms	out
wide	when	the	mood	struck	her,	gliding	them	through	the	air,	listing	this	way	and	that	as
she	made	elaborate	aerobatic	maneuvers.
She	 stopped	 when	 they	 reached	 the	 rock	 crossing,	 tossed	 aside	 the	 picnic	 bag	 she’d
brought	with	her	(party	cakes	stolen	from	the	kitchen),	and	let	Theo	slide	down	the	back
of	 her	 legs	 into	 the	 large	 mound	 of	 dry	 grass	 clippings	 on	 the	 bank.	 He	 landed	 with	 a
delighted	 giggle	 and	 clambered	 to	 his	 feet.	 “Wah,”	 he	 said	 importantly,	 pointing	 at	 the
stream.	“Wah.”
While	Theo	tottered	through	clover	to	the	muddy	edge,	squatting	on	his	bottom	among
the	reeds,	Clemmie	hunted	for	the	perfect	skimming	stone.	It	had	to	be	small	and	flat	and
smooth,	but	beyond	that,	it	had	to	sit	just	so	in	her	fingertips.	She	took	one	up	and	judged
its	weight,	the	roundness	of	its	edges,	before	discarding	it	again	as	too	uneven.
This	process	she	repeated	once,	twice,	three	times,	before	finding	one	that,	though	not
perfect,	looked	as	if	it	might	do	the	trick.	She	put	it	in	her	pocket	and	started	searching	for
the	next.

Alice	was	the	best	at	finding	stones.	She	was	one	of	those	people	who	always	won	at
games	because	she	had	a	love	for	detail	and	a	stubborn	nature	that	refused	ever	to	give	up.
They	 used	 to	 spend	 hours	 down	 here	 selecting	 and	 then	 tossing	 their	 prized	 skimmers.
They’d	 cartwheeled,	 and	 made	 swings	 with	 the	 long,	 sinewy	 boat	 ropes,	 and	 built
elaborate	 playhouses	 in	 the	 gorse.	 They’d	 fought	 and	 tickled	 and	 laughed,	 administered
sticking	 plasters	 to	 one	 another’s	 knees,	 and	 fallen	 asleep,	 tired	 and	 sweaty,	 beneath	 the
May	bushes	as	the	afternoon	sun	bleached	color	from	the	garden.	But	Alice	was	different
now,	this	summer,	and	Clemmie	had	been	abandoned.
She	picked	up	a	light-colored	stone	with	funny	speckles	and	rubbed	it	clean	with	her
wet	thumb.	It	was	ever	since	they’d	come	down	from	London.	They	were	all	used	to	the
way	Alice	became	lost	behind	her	notebooks,	in	the	make-believe	worlds	of	her	stories,
but	 this	 was	 different.	 She	 was	 moody,	 swinging	 from	 over-the-top	 glee	 to	 sullen
exasperation.	She’d	taken	to	making	weak	excuses	to	be	alone	in	her	bedroom—I	need	to
lie	 down	 .	 .	 .	 I’m	 busy	 writing	 .	 .	 .	 I	 have	 a	 headache—and	 then	 sneaking	 away	 so	 that
when	Clemmie	went	to	find	her,	she	wasn’t	there.
Clemmie	 glanced	 back	 to	 where	 Theo	 was	 digging	 with	 a	 stick	 in	 the	 dirt	 by	 the
stream.	He	hooted	happily	as	a	grasshopper	leapt	from	one	reed	to	another,	and	she	smiled
wistfully.	 Theo	 was	 a	 glorious	 little	 fellow,	 but	 she	 missed	 Alice	 and	 would	 have	 done
anything	to	have	her	back,	for	things	to	be	as	they	had	been	before.	She	missed	both	her
sisters.	The	two	of	them	had	gone	on	without	her,	becoming	grown-ups	without	so	much
as	 a	 backward	 glance.	 Alice	 with	 that	 mooning	 expression,	 and	 Deborah	 engaged	 to	 be
married.	Clemmie	felt	it	as	a	betrayal.	She	was	never	going	to	be	like	them,	never	going	to
grow	up.	Grown-ups	were	mystifying.	Clementine	despaired	at	the	weary	tedium	of	their
instructions	 (“not	 now,”	 “slow	 down,”	 “stop	 it	 at	 once”),	 the	 dull	 conversations,	 the
mysterious	headaches,	the	excuses	they	made	for	absenting	themselves	from	any	activity
that	might	prove	fun;	and	she	resented	the	infinite	small	betrayals,	the	realm	of	insinuation
and	 nuance	 in	 which	 they	 moved,	 of	 saying	 one	 thing	 and	 meaning	 another.	 Clemmie
lived	in	a	rather	more	black-and-white	world.	For	a	pilot,	there	was	much	to	be	said	for
binary	choices:	yes	or	no,	up	or	down,	right	or	wrong.
“No!”	she	hissed,	a	self-reproach.	Her	mood	had	already	cast	a	shadow	over	the	sunlit
morning	and	now	the	very	thing	she’d	been	trying	not	to	think	of	was	back	in	her	mind.
The	thing	she’d	seen.	Bodies,	naked,	twisted	and	moving—
No.	Clemmie	screwed	her	eyes	shut	and	shook	it	away.
She	knew	why	the	awful	pictures	were	back.	It	had	been	a	day	like	this	one	when	she
saw	them;	she’d	been	down	to	the	base,	watching	the	planes,	and	was	on	her	way	home.
Clemmie	stabbed	at	the	ground	with	her	foot.	If	only	she’d	gone	home	earlier,	anything
to	 have	 stopped	 her	 from	 cutting	 back	 through	 the	 woods	 right	 then	 and	 past	 the
boathouse.	The	awful	sight	of	them,	the	fright	and	confusion	as	she	tried	to	make	sense	of
what	they	were	doing.
“Poor	 love,”	 Deborah	 had	 said	 when	 Clemmie	 confided	 the	 horrible	 scene,	 unable	 to
keep	it	to	herself	any	longer.	“You’ve	had	a	terrible	shock.”	She’d	taken	Clemmie’s	hands
and	said	she	wasn’t	to	worry	about	it	anymore.	She	was	absolutely	right	to	have	told,	but
now	she	must	put	it	out	of	her	mind.	“I’ll	take	care	of	things,	I	promise.”	Clemmie	had

thought	 that	 sounded	 a	 bit	 like	 promising	 to	 put	 a	 shattered	 eggshell	 back	 together,	 but
Deborah	 had	 smiled,	 and	 her	 face	 was	 so	 serenely	 beautiful,	 her	 voice	 so	 certain,	 that
Clemmie’s	 cares	 had	 momentarily	 flown	 away.	 “I’ll	 speak	 to	 her	 myself,”	 Deborah	 had
vowed.	“You’ll	see—everything	will	be	all	right.”
Clemmie	 jiggled	 the	 stones	 in	 her	 pocket	 and	 bit	 absently	 at	 her	 thumbnail.	 She	 still
wondered	whether	she	should	have	gone	to	Mother	or	told	Daddy	what	she’d	seen.	When
she’d	asked	Deborah,	though,	her	sister	had	said	not.	She’d	told	her	to	forget	all	about	it,
that	she	mustn’t	tell	anyone,	not	another	soul.	“It	would	only	upset	them,	Clem,	and	we
don’t	want	that,	do	we?”
She	seized	a	pinkish	oval-shaped	stone,	lined	it	up	between	her	thumb	and	index	finger.
Clemmie	had	considered	going	straight	to	Alice	after	she	saw	them,	and	perhaps	if	they’d
been	 closer	 she	 would	 have,	 but	 with	 the	 way	 things	 were,	 the	 new	 distance	 that	 had
appeared	so	suddenly	between	them	.	.	.	No,	she’d	done	the	right	thing.	Deborah	was	the
sort	of	person	who	knew	what	to	do	in	every	situation.	She	would	take	care	of	it.
“Mi-mi?”
Theo	was	watching	her	solemnly,	his	baby	face	intent	on	hers,	and	Clemmie	realized
she	was	frowning.	She	rustled	up	a	smile	and,	after	a	second’s	consideration,	he	mirrored
the	happy	expression,	his	little	face	crinkled	and	bonny,	his	equilibrium	restored.	Clemmie
felt	a	wave	of	melancholy,	gladness,	and	dread	combined.	What	faith	he	had	in	her!	What
faith	he	had,	that	one	little	smile	was	all	it	took	to	transform	his	mood	entirely.	She	made
her	face	serious	again	and	the	joy	left	his	eyes.	She	had	complete	power	over	him,	and	for
Clemmie,	 powerless	 in	 so	 many	 other	 ways,	 the	 realization	 was	 heady.	 She	 felt	 his
vulnerability	keenly.	How	easy	it	would	be	for	a	bad	person	to	misuse	that	sort	of	trust!
Clemmie	was	distracted	then	by	the	noise	of	the	mowing	machine.	Rather,	its	cessation.
The	burr	of	the	mower	was	so	much	a	part	of	summer	mornings	that	she	hadn’t	noticed	it
until	the	rattling	stopped	and	other	sounds—the	stream,	the	early	birds,	her	brother’s	baby
chatter—were	suddenly	louder.
A	cloud	fell	across	her	face.	She	knew	who	it	was	behind	the	mower,	and	the	last	thing
she	 wanted	 was	 to	 see	 him,	 that	 man.	 Not	 now,	 not	 ever	 again.	 She	 wished,	 wished,
wished	he’d	go	away,	far	from	Loeanneth.	Then	maybe	she’d	be	able	to	forget	what	she’d
seen	in	the	boathouse	and	everything	would	go	back	to	how	it	had	been	before.
Clemmie	hoisted	Theo	onto	her	hip.	“Come	on,	Wubba-dub-dub,”	she	said,	dusting	off
his	muddy	hands.	“Climb	aboard,	time	for	takeoff.”
He	was	an	amenable	child;	she’d	heard	Mother	say	as	much	to	Nanny	Bruen	when	she
replaced	 Nanny	 Rose	 a	 fortnight	 before	 (amenable	 and	 very	 good-natured,	 the	 pleased,
surprised	 tone	 implying	 that	 the	 preceding	 child,	 Clemmie,	 had	 been	 neither).	 He	 didn’t
protest,	 leaving	 his	 explorations	 behind	 and	 nestling	 into	 position	 on	 her	 back,	 Puppy
tucked	safely	in	the	crook	of	his	elbow.	Keeping	her	balance,	Clemmie	stepped	across	the
stones	to	the	other	side	of	the	stream	and	set	off	towards	the	airbase	beyond	Jack	Martin’s
farm.	She	went	at	a	clip,	arms	hooked	under	Theo’s	knees,	and	she	didn’t	look	back.

Ben	jumped	down	from	the	mower	and	crouched	on	the	grass	by	its	motor.	The	chain	was
where	it	should	be,	there	was	nothing	stuck	in	the	blades,	the	ground	he	was	trying	to	mow
was	flat.	There	ended	his	knowledge	of	things	mechanical.	He	supposed	there	was	nothing
for	it	but	to	give	the	machine	a	few	minutes	to	rethink	its	position.
He	sat	back	and	fumbled	in	his	shirt	pocket	for	matches.	Morning	sun	warmed	the	back
of	his	neck	and	promised	a	sweltering	day.	He	could	hear	sparrows	clearing	the	trills	from
their	throats	and	an	early	train	leaving	the	station,	and	could	smell	the	sweet	tea	roses	and
fresh-cut	grass.
A	 biplane	 flew	 overhead	 and	 Ben	 watched	 until	 it	 turned	 into	 the	 merest	 speck	 and
disappeared.	His	gaze	fell	and	he	saw	that	the	sun	had	hit	the	side	of	the	house.	It	reached
along	the	leadlight	windows	up	top—the	bedrooms,	he	knew—and	he	felt	the	same	pull	of
longing	 he	 always	 did.	 He	 cursed	 himself	 for	 a	 fool	 and	 looked	 away,	 drawing	 on	 his
cigarette.	His	feelings	were	irrelevant;	worse	than	that,	they	were	a	liability.	He’d	already
crossed	too	many	lines.	He	was	ashamed	of	himself.
He	 was	 going	 to	 miss	 this	 garden	 when	 he	 went.	 His	 contract	 had	 only	 ever	 been
temporary—he’d	 known	 that	 when	 he	 started,	 he	 just	 hadn’t	 known	 how	 soon	 it	 would
end	and	how	much	he’d	want	to	stay.	Mr.	Harris	had	offered	to	extend	his	employment	but
Ben	had	told	him	he	had	other	things	to	attend	to.	“Family	business,”	he’d	said,	and	the
older	man	had	nodded	and	patted	Ben	on	the	shoulder	as	Adam	pottered	about	in	the	shed
behind	them,	thirty-three	years	old	but	wide-eyed	as	a	puppy.	Ben	didn’t	offer	any	more
details,	 he	 certainly	 didn’t	 mention	 Flo	 and	 her	 problems;	 he	 didn’t	 have	 to.	 Mr.	 Harris
understood	 the	 responsibilities	 of	 family	 better	 than	 most.	 Like	 all	 who’d	 celebrated	 the
safe	 return	 of	 a	 loved	 one	 from	 the	 Great	 War,	 he	 knew	 that	 those	 boys	 might’ve	 come
back	but	they	never	really	came	home.
Ben	ducked	beneath	the	arbor	and	paused	by	the	fishpond	when	a	memory	crept	upon
him	 like	 a	 shadow.	 This	 was	 the	 spot	 where	 Alice	 had	 first	 read	 to	 him	 from	 her
manuscript.	He	could	still	hear	her	voice,	as	if	it	had	somehow	been	captured	by	the	leaves
around	them	and	was	being	played	back	now,	just	for	him,	like	a	gramophone	recording.
“I’ve	had	a	brilliant	idea,”	he	heard	her	say,	so	young	and	innocent,	so	full	of	joy.	“I’ve
been	working	on	it	all	morning	and	I	don’t	like	to	boast,	but	I’m	quite	sure	it’s	going	to	be
my	best	yet.”
“Is	 it?”	 Ben	 had	 said	 with	 a	 smile.	 He’d	 been	 teasing,	 but	 Alice	 had	 been	 far	 too
excited	to	notice.	She’d	leapt	on	with	telling	him	about	her	idea,	the	plot,	the	characters,
the	 twist,	 and	 the	 intensity	 of	 her	 focus—her	 passion—changed	 her	 face	 completely,
bringing	an	animated	beauty	to	her	features.	He	hadn’t	noticed	she	was	beautiful	until	she
spoke	to	him	of	her	stories.	Her	cheeks	flushed	and	her	eyes	shone	with	intelligence.	And
she	was	very	clever.	It	took	a	certain	kind	of	clever	to	figure	out	a	puzzle—to	look	ahead
and	see	through	all	the	possible	scenarios,	to	be	so	strategic.	Ben	didn’t	have	that	kind	of
brain.
In	 the	 beginning	 he’d	 simply	 enjoyed	 her	 enthusiasm,	 the	 indulgence	 of	 being	 told	 a
story	 while	 he	 worked,	 the	 chance	 to	 bat	 ideas	 back	 and	 forth,	 which	 was	 so	 much	 like
play.	She	made	him	feel	young,	he	supposed;	her	youthful	preoccupation	with	her	work,
with	the	very	moment	they	were	in,	was	intoxicating.	It	made	his	adult	worries	disappear.

He’d	 known	 her	 parents	 wouldn’t	 approve	 of	 them	 meeting	 like	 that,	 but	 he	 hadn’t
thought	it	would	do	any	harm.	And	it	hadn’t	at	first.	He’d	never	imagined	at	the	start—
neither	of	them	could	have	guessed—where	it	would	lead.	But	he	was	older	than	Alice;	he
should	 have	 known;	 he	 should	 have	 been	 more	 careful.	 The	 human	 heart,	 life,
circumstances—they	 were	 tricky	 things	 to	 govern;	 by	 the	 time	 he	 realized	 what	 was
happening,	it	was	too	late.
His	cigarette	was	finished	and	he	knew	he	should	be	getting	on.	Mr.	Harris	had	given
him	a	list	of	things	to	be	done	in	preparation	for	the	party,	there	was	still	a	bonfire	to	stack,
and	he’d	have	to	send	someone	back	to	sweet-talk	the	mower.
Ben	 glanced	 around	 to	 check	 there	 was	 no	 one	 lurking	 and	 then	 took	 out	 her	 letter.
He’d	done	this	so	many	times	before,	the	fold	marks	were	worn	soft	and	the	parts	of	the
words	 that	 had	 once	 been	 there	 had	 disappeared.	 Ben	 remembered	 them,	 though,	 like
whispers.	 She	 certainly	 knew	 how	 to	 write;	 she	 had	 a	 beautiful	 turn	 of	 phrase.	 He	 read
each	line	slowly,	carefully,	and	paragraphs	that	had	once	made	him	joyous	now	made	him
heavy	with	regret.
He	would	miss	this	place.	He	would	miss	her.
A	bird	flew	low	overhead,	sounding	a	reprimand,	and	Ben	folded	the	letter	and	put	it
back	inside	his	pocket.	There	were	things	to	be	done	and	it	did	no	good	to	focus	on	the
past.	“She’s	going	to	be	a	huge	fire	tonight,”	Mr.	Harris	had	said,	nodding	at	the	stack	of
wood	 they’d	 chopped	 during	 the	 week,	 a	 half-smile	 forming.	 “They’ll	 be	 able	 to	 see	 it
from	 Caradon	 Hill.	 You	 know,	 there’s	 an	 old	 saying	 round	 here	 that	 the	 bigger	 the
Midsummer	fire,	the	better	a	man’s	luck	in	the	year	to	come.”
Ben	had	heard	the	saying	before.	Alice	had	already	told	him.

15
CORNWALL,	2003

Clive	 Robinson	 was	 a	 thin,	 spry	 man	 of	 almost	 ninety	 years.	 He	 had	 a	 high,	 lined
forehead	and	thick	white	hair,	a	large	nose	and	a	broad	smile.	He	still	had	all	his	teeth.	His
gaze	was	clear	and	keen,	the	sort	that	suggested	a	quick	mind,	and	he	was	watching	Sadie
through	enormous	glasses	with	brown	Bakelite	frames	that	she’d	immediately	suspected,
he	had	been	wearing	since	the	1970s.
“The	 heat	 of	 that	 summer,”	 he	 said,	 shaking	 his	 head,	 “it	 was	 the	 sort	 that	 gets	 right
under	your	skin,	makes	it	near	impossible	to	sleep.	Dry,	too,	weeks	without	a	drop	so	that
the	 grass	 was	 beginning	 to	 fade.	 Not	 at	 the	 Lake	 House,	 mind.	 They	 had	 people,
gardeners,	to	make	sure	that	didn’t	happen.	It	was	all	done	up	when	we	got	there,	lanterns,
streamers,	floral	wreaths.	I’d	never	seen	anything	like	it,	ordinary	lad	like	me,	a	place	like
that.	It	was	so	beautiful.	They	sent	out	cakes	for	us	at	teatime.	Can	you	imagine	that?	Day
after	their	little	boy	went	missing,	and	they	sent	out	fairy	cakes.	Prettiest	things	I’d	ever
seen,	all	iced	specially	for	the	party	the	night	before.”
Sadie	had	made	contact	with	the	retired	policeman	as	soon	as	she’d	received	his	letter.
He’d	printed	his	phone	number	at	the	bottom	and	she’d	gone	straight	inside	to	ring	him,
the	 ramifications	 of	 her	 discovery	 on	 the	 1664	 floorplan	 still	 pulsing	 beneath	 her	 skin.
“I’ve	been	waiting	for	you,”	he’d	said	when	she	told	him	who	she	was,	and	the	fact	wasn’t
lost	on	Sadie	that	it	was	precisely	what	the	old	man	in	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway	had	said
when	Eleanor	arrived	to	right	his	wrong.	The	way	he	said	it,	Sadie	hadn’t	been	sure	at	first
whether	he	meant	for	the	twenty-four	hours	since	he’d	written	or	the	seventy	years	since
the	 case	 was	 stamped	 unsolved.	 “I	 knew	 someone	 would	 come	 eventually,	 that	 I	 wasn’t
the	only	one	who	still	thought	about	them.”
They’d	 talked	 briefly	 over	 the	 phone,	 each	 sounding	 the	 other	 out,	 swapping	 police
credentials	(Sadie	neglecting	to	mention	she	was	in	Cornwall	on	enforced	leave),	and	then
they’d	broached	the	case.	Despite	its	pressing	newness,	Sadie	had	restrained	herself	from
blurting	out	her	tunnel	theory,	saying	only	that	she	was	finding	information	hard	to	come
by,	that	she’d	been	limited	so	far	to	Pickering’s	account,	to	which	Clive	had	given	a	snort
of	amused	derision.
“He’s	a	little	short	on	solid	information,”	Sadie	agreed.
“That’s	not	all	the	poor	man	was	short	on,”	said	Clive	with	a	laugh.	“Not	to	speak	ill	of
the	 dead,	 but	 I’m	 afraid	 Arnold	 Pickering	 wasn’t	 standing	 in	 line	 when	 the	 Almighty
handed	out	brains.”
He’d	asked	if	she	wanted	to	come	and	see	him,	and	Sadie	had	suggested	the	following
day.	“Make	it	morning,”	he’d	said.	“My	daughter	Bess	is	coming	at	midday	to	take	me	to

an	 appointment.”	 He’d	 paused	 before	 adding,	 sotto	 voce,	 “She	 doesn’t	 approve	 of	 my
ongoing	interest	in	the	case.	She	calls	it	obsessive.”
Sadie	had	smiled	into	the	phone	receiver.	She	knew	the	feeling.
“She’d	rather	I	took	up	bridge,	or	stamp	collecting.”
“Secret’s	safe	with	me.	I’ll	see	you	at	nine.”
And	so,	here	she	was,	on	a	bright	Saturday	morning,	sitting	in	Clive	Robinson’s	kitchen
in	Polperro	with	a	pot	of	tea	and	a	plate	of	digestive	biscuits	and	sliced	fruitcake	between
them.	 There	 was	 an	 embroidered	 cloth	 spread	 over	 the	 built-in	 table,	 ironing	 creases
suggesting	 it	 had	 been	 laid	 out	 freshly.	 Sadie	 had	 been	 unexpectedly	 touched	 when	 she
noticed	a	small	tag	on	its	hem	and	realized	it	was	the	wrong	side	up.
If	Clive	had	seemed	genuinely	pleased	to	see	her,	the	enormous	black	cat	he	lived	with
was	 clearly	 incensed	 by	 the	 incursion.	 “Don’t	 take	 it	 personally,”	 Clive	 had	 said	 when
Sadie	arrived,	ruffling	the	hissing	animal	beneath	the	chin.	“She’s	cross	with	me	for	going
abroad.	 Quite	 possessive,	 my	 Mollie.”	 The	 animal	 was	 watching	 proceedings	 now	 from
the	space	between	two	pots	of	herbs	on	the	sunny	window	ledge,	purring	sourly	as	her	tail
flickered	a	warning.
Sadie	 took	 a	 biscuit	 and	 surveyed	 the	 remaining	 questions	 in	 the	 list	 she’d	 made	 for
Clive.	She’d	resolved	to	test	the	waters	before	deciding	whether	or	not	she	could	trust	the
old	 policeman	 with	 her	 theory;	 there	 was	 also	 the	 small	 matter	 of	 verifying	 his
competence	as	a	source.	Although	she’d	been	thrilled	to	line	up	the	interview,	Sadie	had
been	 dubious	 as	 to	 how	 much	 a	 man	 pushing	 ninety	 would	 remember	 of	 a	 case	 he’d
worked	on	seventy	years	before.	But	Clive	had	quickly	assuaged	her	doubts	and	several
pages	of	her	writing	pad	were	now	filled	with	scribbled	notes.
“I’ve	 never	 been	 able	 to	 forget	 it,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 poured	 their	 tea	 through	 a	 strainer.
“Might	 not	 think	 it	 to	 look	 at	 me	 but	 I’ve	 got	 a	 good	 memory.	 The	 Edevane	 case	 in
particular	 has	 stuck	 with	 me.	 Couldn’t	 have	 got	 rid	 of	 it	 if	 I’d	 tried.”	 He	 lifted	 narrow
shoulders	 that	 sloped	 away	 beneath	 his	 well-pressed	 collared	 shirt.	 He	 was	 of	 the
generation	that	put	stock	in	such	matters	of	personal	grooming.	“It	was	my	first,	you	see.”
He	considered	her	through	his	thick	lenses.	“Well,	you’re	with	the	police,	you	know	what	I
mean.”
Sadie	had	said	that	she	did.	No	amount	of	training	prepared	a	person	for	the	storm	and
stress	 of	 their	 first	 real	 case.	 Hers	 had	 been	 a	 domestic-violence	 call.	 The	 woman	 had
looked	 like	 she’d	 gone	 ten	 rounds	 in	 the	 ring,	 her	 face	 was	 black	 and	 blue,	 her	 lip	 split
open,	but	she’d	refused	to	press	charges.	“Walked	into	the	door,”	she	told	them,	not	even
bothering	 to	 think	 up	 an	 original	 lie.	 Sadie,	 fresh	 out	 of	 training	 and	 nursing	 her	 own
demons,	 had	 wanted	 to	 arrest	 the	 boyfriend	 anyway.	 The	 injustice	 had	 burned.	 She
couldn’t	 believe	 they	 had	 no	 choice;	 that	 without	 the	 victim’s	 cooperation	 there	 was
nothing	to	do	but	issue	a	warning	and	walk	away.	Donald	had	told	her	to	get	used	to	it,
that	there	was	no	limit	to	what	a	frightened	spouse	would	do	to	protect	their	abuser,	that
the	system	made	it	hard	for	them	to	leave.	The	smell	of	that	apartment	was	still	as	fresh	as
if	it	happened	yesterday.

“It	was	my	first	taste	of	grief,”	Clive	Robinson	had	continued.	“I’d	been	sheltered	as	a
lad,	happy	family,	nice	enough	house	to	live	in,	brothers	and	sisters	and	a	granny	up	the
road.	Hadn’t	even	been	to	a	funeral	when	I	started	with	the	police.	Went	to	my	fair	share
afterwards,	 though,	 I	 can	 tell	 you.”	 He	 frowned	 at	 something	 beyond	 her	 shoulder,
remembering.	“That	house,	those	people—their	helplessness,	the	desperate	looks	on	their
faces—even	the	air	inside	the	rooms	seemed	to	know	that	something	had	been	lost.”	He
swiveled	 his	 teacup	 on	 its	 saucer,	 small	 adjustments	 as	 he	 chose	 his	 words.	 “It	 was	 my
first	time.”
Sadie	 had	 offered	 a	 slight	 smile	 of	 understanding.	 Nothing	 like	 the	 police	 force	 for
bringing	the	horrors	of	life	up	close	and	personal.	The	only	people	who	had	it	worse	were
paramedics.	“So	you	started	with	the	theory	that	Theo	Edevane	had	wandered?”
A	 brief	 nod.	 “We	 just	 presumed	 that’s	 what	 had	 happened.	 Nobody	 thought	 of
kidnappings	in	those	days.	There’d	been	the	Lindbergh	case	in	America	the	year	before,
but	that	made	news	because	it	was	so	rare.	We	were	sure	we’d	find	the	lad	within	hours,
that	 being	 so	 young	 he	 couldn’t	 have	 got	 far.	 We	 searched	 until	 nightfall,	 combed	 the
meadows	and	the	woods	on	the	edge	of	the	estate,	but	we	couldn’t	find	a	trace.	Not	a	clue.
Next	day,	we	brought	in	divers	to	check	the	lake,	and	when	nothing	turned	up,	that’s	when
we	started	looking	at	who	might	have	wanted	to	take	him.”
Which	 led	 Sadie	 to	 her	 second	 series	 of	 questions,	 scribbled	 down	 the	 night	 before.
Ordinarily,	she	fought	against	questions	of	“why,”	particularly	when	she	was	just	getting
started	on	an	investigation.	“Motive’s	for	fiction	writers,”	Donald	was	fond	of	grumbling.
“Fiction	 writers	 and	 TV	 detectives.”	 Typically	 blunt,	 but	 he	 had	 a	 point.	 Police	 officers
needed	evidence;	they	had	to	satisfy	questions	of	how	the	crime	was	committed	and	who
had	the	chance	to	commit	it.	Why	was	a	distraction,	and	oftentimes	misleading.
In	 this	 case,	 however,	 with	 evidence	 particularly	 scant	 and	 seventy	 years	 having
elapsed	since	the	crime’s	commission,	Sadie	figured	exceptions	had	to	be	made.	Plus,	the
new	 map	 changed	 things.	 That	 mysterious	 alcove	 in	 the	 wall	 cavity,	 the	 possibility	 of
another	 tunnel	 connecting	 the	 house	 to	 the	 outside	 world,	 a	 tunnel	 that	 had	 long	 ago
disappeared	from	most	maps	and	memories.	If	it	were	so,	then	one	of	the	most	puzzling
aspects	 of	 the	 case,	 the	 how,	 might	 be	 solved.	 And	 with	 it,	 hopefully,	 the	 who,	 for	 the
group	of	people	who	knew	of	the	tunnel’s	existence	must	have	been	small	and	exclusive.
A	line	from	A	Dish	Served	Cold	 had	 been	 going	 round	 and	 round	 in	 Sadie’s	 head	 since
she’d	made	the	appointment	with	Clive:	Diggory	always	started	with	the	family.	It	was	a
mistake	 to	 presume	 that	 grief	 and	 guilt	 were	 mutually	 exclusive.	 The	 line	 had	 preceded
Diggory	 Brent’s	 first	 visit	 to	 the	 dead	 man’s	 ex-wife	 and	 daughter.	 Sadie	 said,	 “You
interviewed	the	parents?”
“First	thing	we	did.	There	was	no	evidence	to	incriminate	either,	and	both	had	alibis.
The	 boy’s	 mother,	 in	 particular,	 had	 been	 very	 visible	 as	 hostess	 of	 the	 party.	 She	 spent
most	 of	 the	 night	 at	 the	 boathouse,	 where	 they	 had	 gondola	 rides	 set	 up	 for	 the	 guests.
Everything	they	told	us	checked	out.	No	real	surprise	there;	why	would	a	parent	kidnap
their	own	child?”
A	valid	point,	but	Sadie	wasn’t	prepared	to	let	them	off	the	hook	so	easily,	even	if	she
had	developed	a	certain	feeling	of	kinship	towards	Eleanor	Edevane.	“The	Pickering	book

suggested	 a	 period	 of	 about	 three	 hours	 between	 the	 end	 of	 the	 party	 and	 the	 discovery
that	the	boy	was	missing.	What	were	the	whereabouts	of	the	parents	then?”
“They	both	retired	to	bed	at	the	same	time.	Neither	left	the	bedroom	until	eight	a.m.,
when	the	maid	came	to	tell	them	the	lad	wasn’t	in	his	cot.”
“Anything	to	suggest	either	was	lying?”
“Nothing.”
“That	they	might	have	acted	together?”
“To	spirit	the	boy	away,	you	mean?	After	they’d	said	good	night	to	their	three	hundred
guests?”
It	sounded	absurd	now	he	put	it	like	that,	but	Sadie	was	nothing	if	not	thorough.	She
nodded.
“We	couldn’t	find	anyone	who	didn’t	say	how	well	loved	the	boy	was.	More	than	that,
how	wanted.	The	Edevanes	had	waited	a	long	time	for	their	son.	They	had	three	daughters
already,	the	youngest	was	twelve	in	June	1933,	and	the	boy	was	prized.	All	those	wealthy
families	 wanted	 boys	 back	 then,	 someone	 to	 pass	 the	 name	 and	 fortune	 on	 to.	 Not
anymore.	My	granddaughter	tells	me	all	her	friends	want	girls—better	behaved,	more	fun
to	 dress,	 easier	 all	 round.”	 He	 raised	 his	 neat	 white	 brows	 incredulously.	 “Having	 had
daughters	myself,	I	can	assure	you	that’s	not	the	case.”
Sadie	gave	a	slight	smile	as	Clive	helped	himself	to	a	biscuit.	“I’ll	have	to	take	your
word	 for	 it,”	 she	 said,	 focusing	 with	 assiduous	 care	 on	 the	 list	 of	 family	 members	 he’d
given	her	when	she	first	arrived.	“You	said	the	boy’s	grandmother	lived	with	the	family?”
A	 slight	 frown	 crossed	 his	 otherwise	 kind	 face.	 “Constance	 deShiel.	 Insufferable
woman.	 One	 of	 those	 snooty,	 overbred	 types	 who	 look	 as	 if	 they’d	 as	 soon	 eat	 you	 as
answer	 your	 questions.	 Except	 when	 we	 asked	 about	 her	 daughter	 and	 son-in-law—she
was	rather	more	forthcoming	then.”
“What	did	she	say?”
“Little	jibes	of	the	‘things	aren’t	always	as	they	seem’	variety.	She	alluded	more	than
once	 to	 infidelity,	 insinuating	 there’d	 been	 some	 sort	 of	 affair,	 but	 pulled	 up	 short	 of
offering	specifics.”
“You	pushed	her	on	it?”
“Back	 then,	 someone	 in	 the	 gentry,	 especially	 a	 woman—well,	 there	 were	 different
rules	of	conduct,	we	couldn’t	press	her	as	we	might	have	liked.”
“You	looked	into	it,	though?”
“Of	 course.	 As	 you’d	 know,	 family	 disharmony’s	 a	 policeman’s	 bread	 and	 butter;
there’re	 those	 who’ll	 stop	 at	 nothing	 to	 punish	 a	 spouse.	 The	 dad	 who	 turns	 up	 for	 a
custody	visit,	takes	the	kids	and	never	brings	them	back;	the	mum	who	feeds	her	kids	a
bunch	 of	 lies	 about	 their	 old	 man.	 The	 rights	 of	 children	 are	 often	 lost	 in	 the	 battle
between	their	parents.”
“But	not	in	this	case?”

“People	 went	 out	 of	 their	 way	 to	 tell	 us	 how	 devoted	 the	 Edevanes	 were,	 what	 an
inseparable	couple.”
Sadie	 considered	 this.	 Marriages	 were	 mysterious	 things.	 She’d	 never	 had	 one	 of	 her
own,	 but	 it	 seemed	 to	 her	 that	 each	 was	 its	 own	 beast,	 with	 secrets,	 lies,	 and	 promises
simmering	beneath	the	surface.	“Why	would	Constance	deShiel	have	suggested	otherwise
if	it	wasn’t	true?	Had	she	seen	something?	Had	her	daughter	confided	in	her,	perhaps?”
“Mother	and	daughter	weren’t	close;	more	than	one	person	told	us	that.”
“And	yet	they	lived	together?”
“Reluctantly,	as	I	understand	it.	The	old	woman	had	lost	everything	in	a	bad	investment
after	her	husband	died	and	relied	on	her	daughter	and	son-in-law’s	charity,	a	situation	she
resented.”	 He	 shrugged.	 “Her	 insinuations	 might’ve	 been	 a	 simple	 case	 of	 mischiefmaking.”
“When	a	child	was	missing?”
He	waved	a	hand	and	his	expression	suggested	nothing	would	have	surprised	him,	that
he’d	seen	people	do	all	sorts	of	things	in	his	time.	“It’s	possible,	though	there	were	other
explanations.	The	old	woman	was	suffering	from	the	early	stages	of	dementia	in	1933.	Her
doctor	advised	us	to	take	what	she	said	with	a	grain	of	salt.	In	fact”—they	were	alone	but
he	 leaned	 a	 little	 nearer,	 as	 if	 to	 share	 a	 confidence	 he	 didn’t	 want	 overheard—“Dr.
Gibbons	suggested	that	Constance	had	been	rather	inconstant	in	her	own	marriage,	that	it
was	possible	her	comments	were	actually	confused	memories	rather	than	reliable	reports.
They	say	the	past	and	the	present	become	difficult	to	separate.”
“What	do	you	think?”
He	spread	his	hands.	“I	think	she	was	bitter	but	harmless.	Old	and	lonely	and	she	had	a
captive	audience.”
“You	think	she	was	making	herself	seem	important?”
“It	was	almost	like	she	wanted	us	to	ask	her	questions,	to	imagine	her	the	architect	of
some	great	nefarious	scheme.	I	dare	say	she’d	have	been	well	pleased	if	we’d	arrested	her.
It	would	have	given	her	all	the	attention	she	was	seeking,	and	then	some.”	Clive	picked	a
crumb	 from	 the	 tablecloth,	 setting	 it	 carefully	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 his	 plate.	 “It’s	 not	 easy,
getting	old,	feeling	one’s	relevance	slip	away.	She’d	been	beautiful	once,	and	important,
mistress	of	the	house.	There	was	a	portrait	of	her	hanging	over	the	fireplace	in	the	library;
formidable,	 she	 was.	 I	 still	 shudder	 to	 remember	 the	 way	 those	 painted	 eyes	 seemed	 to
watch	my	every	move.”	He	glanced	at	Sadie,	his	own	gaze	narrowing	so	that	she	glimpsed
the	 hardened	 policeman	 he	 must	 once	 have	 been.	 “All	 the	 same,	 a	 lead’s	 a	 lead,	 Lord
knows	 we	 hadn’t	 many	 of	 them,	 and	 I	 watched	 the	 pair	 of	 them,	 Anthony	 and	 Eleanor,
very	closely	after	that.”
“And?”
“The	loss	of	a	child	is	like	a	grenade	in	most	families,	statistics	on	parents	who	split	up
in	the	wake	of	a	tragedy	bear	that	out,	but	they	were	lovely	together.	He	was	so	careful
with	her,	gentle	and	protective,	making	sure	she	rested,	stopping	her	from	tearing	outside
to	 join	 the	 search.	 He	 barely	 let	 her	 out	 of	 his	 sight.”	 His	 mouth	 tightened	 as	 he

remembered.	 “It	 really	 was	 a	 dreadful	 time.	 Poor	 woman,	 it	 has	 to	 be	 a	 mother’s	 worst
nightmare,	but	she	handled	herself	with	such	grace.	You	know,	for	years	after	the	family
left	she	used	to	come	back	here.”
“To	the	village?”
“To	the	house.	Just	her	on	her	own.”
This	 was	 new.	 Bertie’s	 friend	 Louise	 had	 suggested	 that	 no	 one	 from	 the	 family	 had
been	near	the	place	since	Theo’s	disappearance.	“You	saw	her?”
“Police	 hear	 things,	 news	 would	 filter	 into	 town	 that	 there	 was	 someone	 back	 at	 the
Lake	House.	I	dropped	in	on	her	a	few	times,	just	to	make	sure	she	was	all	right,	see	if
there	was	anything	I	could	do	to	help.	She	was	always	polite,	said	it	was	kind	of	me	but
she	was	just	enjoying	a	little	respite	from	London.”	He	smiled	sadly.	“I	knew,	though,	she
was	hoping	he’d	come	back.”
“It	wasn’t	over	for	her.”
“’Course	it	wasn’t.	Her	baby	was	out	there	somewhere.	She	thanked	me	once	or	twice,
said	she	appreciated	the	work	we’d	all	put	in,	how	hard	we’d	searched	for	her	boy.	Even
made	 an	 exceptionally	 generous	 donation	 to	 the	 local	 station.	 Very	 dignified,	 she	 was.
Very	sad.”	He	frowned,	lost	in	his	memories.	When	he	spoke	again,	a	bitter,	wistful	note
had	crept	into	his	voice.	“I	used	to	hope	I	could	still	find	the	boy	for	her.	Didn’t	sit	well
with	 me,	 that	 open	 file.	 Children	 don’t	 just	 disappear,	 do	 they?	 They	 go	 somewhere.
There’s	 always	 a	 path,	 it’s	 just	 a	 matter	 of	 knowing	 where	 to	 look.”	 He	 glanced	 at	 her.
“Ever	had	a	case	like	that?	Eats	away	at	you.”
“Once	 or	 twice,”	 said	 Sadie,	 picturing	 Caitlyn	 Bailey	 in	 the	 hallway	 of	 that	 flat.
Remembering	the	sensation	of	that	little	hand,	warm	and	trusting	in	hers,	the	tickle	of	the
child’s	messy	hair	when	she	fetched	her	storybook	and	laid	her	head	on	Sadie’s	shoulder.
“This	was	mine,”	he	said.	“Made	all	the	worse	because	we	had	so	little	to	work	with.”
“You	must	have	had	theories,	though?”
“There	were	leads,	some	of	them	stronger	than	others.	Recent	staff	changes,	a	missing
bottle	of	sleeping	tablets	we	thought	might	have	been	used	in	the	kidnapping,	and	a	family
friend	who	died	in	unusual	circumstances,	fellow	by	the	name	of	Daffyd	Llewellyn—”
“The	writer—”
“That’s	him.	Quite	well	known	in	his	time.”
Sadie	 cursed	 herself	 for	 having	 left	 the	 library	 dissertation	 with	 its	 chapter	 on
Llewellyn	unopened.	She	remembered	the	introduction	to	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway	and
its	mention	of	a	posthumous	OBE	awarded	in	1934.	She	hadn’t	made	the	connection	that
his	death	had	come	so	soon	after	Theo’s	disappearance.	“What	happened?”
“A	 few	 days	 into	 the	 search	 we	 were	 down	 by	 the	 stream,	 a	 little	 way	 from	 the
boathouse,	and	someone	called	out,	“A	body!”	But	it	wasn’t	the	baby,	it	was	an	old	man.
Suicide,	as	it	turned	out.	We	thought	it	must’ve	been	guilt,	that	he’d	had	something	to	do
with	the	boy’s	disappearance.”
“Are	you	sure	he	hadn’t?”

“We	 looked	 into	 it,	 but	 there	 was	 no	 motive.	 He	 adored	 the	 boy,	 and	 everyone	 we
interviewed	confirmed	him	as	Eleanor’s	closest	friend.	He	wrote	a	book	about	her	when
she	was	a	girl,	did	you	know?”
Sadie	nodded.
“She	 was	 completely	 devastated—collapsed	 when	 she	 was	 told.	 Awful.”	 He	 was
shaking	his	head.	“One	of	the	worst	things	I’ve	seen.”
Sadie	considered	this.	A	child	goes	missing	and	a	close	family	friend	kills	himself	in
the	hours	or	days	afterwards.	“The	timing	seems	extraordinary.”
“Grant	 you	 that,	 but	 we	 spoke	 to	 the	 local	 doctor,	 who	 told	 us	 Llewellyn	 had	 been
suffering	anxiety	in	the	weeks	prior.	We	found	a	bottle	of	barbiturates	in	his	pocket.”
“That’s	what	he	used?”
“The	coroner	confirmed	an	overdose.	Llewellyn	mixed	the	pills	with	champagne,	lay
down	by	the	stream,	and	never	woke	up.	Extraordinary	timing,	as	you	say,	given	that	the
boy	was	taken	at	the	same	time,	but	nothing	suspicious	in	it.	Certainly	nothing	to	link	him
to	Theo	Edevane’s	fate.	Just	a	coincidence.”
Sadie	smiled	thinly.	She	didn’t	like	coincidences.	In	her	experience	they	were	usually
just	links	that	hadn’t	yet	been	proved.	And,	now,	her	antennae	were	quivering.	She	had	a
feeling	 there	 was	 more	 to	 this	 Llewellyn	 fellow’s	 death	 than	 met	 the	 eye.	 Clive	 had
obviously	dismissed	the	possibility	a	long	time	ago,	but	Sadie	made	a	note	to	look	into	it
later.	Llewellyn	suicide—timing	an	accident	or	was	he	involved?	Guilt?
In	the	meantime	.	.	.	she	tapped	her	pen	against	the	pad	thoughtfully,	circling	the	word
accident.	 Because	 of	 course	 there	 was	 a	 third	 possibility	 in	 the	 case	 of	 Theo	 Edevane,
perhaps	 most	 chilling	 of	 all:	 that	 the	 child	 had	 never	 left	 the	 house—at	 least,	 not	 alive.
Sadie	had	seen	cases	where	children	had	been	injured	or	killed—accidentally	or	otherwise
—and	then	the	crime	covered	up.	Those	responsible	invariably	sought	to	make	it	look	like
a	case	of	running	away	or	kidnap	because	it	focused	attention	away	from	the	scene	of	the
crime.
A	series	of	clicks	broke	her	train	of	thought	and	she	noticed	for	the	first	time	a	large
digital	clock	on	the	bench	behind	Clive.	It	was	the	sort	with	flip	cards	made	from	plastic
and	three	had	just	turned	at	once	to	show	the	time	as	eleven	o’clock.	Sadie	was	suddenly
aware	that	it	was	getting	closer	to	midday,	when	Clive’s	daughter	would	arrive	and	bring
their	meeting	to	an	end.
“What	about	the	sisters?”	she	said,	with	renewed	urgency.	“You	spoke	to	them?”
“More	than	once.”
“Anything	useful?”
“More	of	the	same.	The	boy	was	loved,	they’d	seen	nothing	unusual,	they	promised	to
tell	us	if	they	thought	of	anything	helpful.	They	all	had	alibis	for	the	evening.”
“You’re	frowning.”
“Am	I?”	Clive	blinked	at	her,	light-blue	eyes	large	behind	his	glasses.	He	ran	a	hand
over	the	top	of	his	white	hair	and	then	lifted	a	shoulder.	“I	suppose	I	just	always	felt	there

was	something	the	youngest	one	wasn’t	telling	us.	It	was	only	a	hunch,	something	to	do
with	 the	 awkward	 way	 she	 carried	 herself.	 She	 went	 red	 in	 the	 face	 when	 we	 were
questioning	her,	crossed	her	arms,	and	refused	to	look	us	in	the	eye.	But	she	insisted	she
had	no	idea	what	could	have	happened	to	him,	that	nothing	unusual	had	occurred	in	the
household	 in	 the	 preceding	 weeks,	 and	 there	 wasn’t	 a	 shred	 of	 real	 evidence	 to	 suggest
she’d	been	involved.”
Sadie	allowed	herself	to	consider	motive.	Envy	was	the	obvious	one.	A	girl	who’d	been
the	 baby	 of	 the	 family	 for	 almost	 twelve	 years	 until	 a	 little	 brother,	 a	 much-loved	 son,
arrived	to	take	her	place.	The	party	would	have	been	the	perfect	time	to	do	away	with	an
obstacle,	the	noise	and	activity	making	it	easy	to	slip	beneath	the	radar.
Or	else	.	.	.	(and	surely	more	likely	than	Clementine	Edevane	being	a	sociopathic	little
girl	with	murderous	intent?)	.	.	.	Sadie	remembered	Pickering’s	account	of	the	girl’s	habit
of	taking	Theo	out	with	her	in	the	mornings,	her	insistence	that	the	door	to	the	nursery	had
been	closed	when	she	went	past,	that	she	hadn’t	gone	inside	to	fetch	her	little	brother	as
she	 sometimes	 did.	 But	 what	 if	 she	 had,	 and	 something	 awful	 had	 happened	 to	 him,	 an
accident,	and	she’d	been	too	frightened,	too	ashamed,	to	tell	anyone?
“There	 was	 a	 cleanup	 team	 in	 the	 grounds,”	 Clive	 said,	 anticipating	 her	 line	 of
thinking.	“From	the	moment	the	last	guest	left,	right	through	sunrise,	contractors	restoring
the	place	to	rights.	No	one	saw	anything.”
But	what	if,	as	Sadie	suspected,	there	was	another	way	to	leave	the	house	unseen?	She
wrote	the	word	Clementine	on	her	notepad	and	circled	it.	“What	was	she	like?	Clementine
Edevane.”
“A	 tomboy,	 you’d	 have	 to	 say,	 but	 fey	 with	 it.	 They	 were	 all	 a	 bit	 different,	 the
Edevanes.	 Charming,	 charismatic.	 I	 was	 rather	 taken	 with	 them.	 Awed.	 I	 was	 only
seventeen,	 remember,	 and	 green	 as	 a	 bean.	 I’d	 never	 met	 people	 like	 them.	 It	 was	 the
romance,	I	suppose—the	big	house,	the	garden,	the	way	they	spoke,	the	things	they	talked
about,	 their	 fine	 manners,	 and	 the	 sense	 of	 unspoken	 rules	 they	 followed.	 They	 were
bewitching.”	He	looked	at	her.	“Would	you	like	to	see	a	photo?”
“You	have	one?”
The	offer	had	been	made	openly,	even	eagerly,	but	now	he	hesitated.	“I’m	not	sure	.	.	.
well,	it’s	a	little	awkward,	you	being	a	current	member	of	the	force	.	.	.”
“Barely,”	said	Sadie,	before	she	could	help	herself.
“Barely?”
She	sighed	in	defeat.	“There	was	this	case,”	she	began,	and	then,	maybe	it	was	the	calm
of	that	kitchen,	its	distance	from	London	and	her	real	world,	the	professional	connection
she	felt	with	Clive,	or	the	relief	at	finally	being	able	to	tell	someone	the	secret	she’d	been
keeping	so	diligently	from	Bertie,	but	Sadie	found	herself	giving	him	a	potted	summary	of
the	Bailey	case,	the	way	she’d	refused	to	let	it	go,	convinced	herself	and	tried	to	persuade
all	and	sundry	that	there	was	more	to	it	than	met	the	eye,	that	she	was	here	in	Cornwall	not
on	holiday	but	on	enforced	leave.

Clive	 listened	 without	 interrupting,	 and	 when	 she	 finished,	 he	 didn’t	 frown	 or	 start	 a
lecture	or	ask	her	to	leave.	He	said	simply,	“I	saw	it	in	the	paper.	Terrible	business.”
“I	should	never	have	spoken	to	that	journalist.”
“You	thought	you	were	right.”
“I	 didn’t	 give	 it	 enough	 thought,	 that’s	 the	 problem.”	 Her	 voice	 curdled	 with	 selfdisgust.	“I	had	a	feeling.”
“Well,	 no	 shame	 in	 that.	 Sometimes	 ‘feelings’	 aren’t	 as	 airy-fairy	 as	 they	 seem.
Sometimes	 they’re	 just	 the	 product	 of	 observations	 we	 haven’t	 realized	 we’ve	 been
making.”
He	was	being	kind.	Sadie	had	an	instinctive	antipathy	towards	kindness.	Policing	might
have	changed	in	the	years	since	Clive	retired,	but	Sadie	was	pretty	sure	breaking	rank	to
go	public	on	a	hunch	had	never	been	considered	acceptable	practice.	She	managed	a	weak
smile.	“You	said	there	was	a	photo?”
He	took	the	hint;	didn’t	press	further	on	the	Bailey	case.	He	seemed	to	consider	for	a
moment	before	nodding.	“Back	in	a	minute.”
He	shuffled	down	the	hallway	and	Sadie	could	hear	him	rummaging	and	cursing	in	a
room	at	the	back	of	the	house.	The	cat	was	watching	her,	green	eyes	wide,	tail	pulsing	in
slow	critical	flecks.	Well,	well,	well,	that	tail	seemed	to	be	saying.
“What	do	you	want	from	me?”	Sadie	grumbled	beneath	her	breath.	“I’ve	already	said	it
was	my	fault.”
She	played	idly	with	the	tablecloth	tag	and	tried	not	to	dwell	on	Nancy	Bailey.	Don’t
even	 think	 about	 making	 contact	 with	 the	 grandmother.	 Tried	 to	 ignore	 the	 sensation	 of
that	 warm	 little	 hand	 in	 hers.	 She	 glanced	 at	 the	 clock	 and	 wondered	 whether	 it	 was
possible	Clive	was	back	there	right	now	on	the	phone	to	the	Met.
Another	 two	 numerals	 quivered	 and	 flipped,	 and	 finally,	 after	 what	 seemed	 a	 slowmotion	age,	Clive	returned,	looking,	Sadie	fancied,	as	nervous	as	she	felt.	There	was	an
inexplicable	animation	in	his	expression	and	she	decided	that	unless	he	was	a	sadist,	and
there’d	 been	 no	 indication	 of	 that	 so	 far,	 he	 was	 not	 returning	 from	 reporting	 her	 to
Ashford.	 She	 noticed	 that	 he	 wasn’t	 carrying	 a	 photograph	 either;	 rather	 he	 had	 a	 thick
folder	under	one	arm.	It	was	of	a	familiar	type.	“I	was	waiting	to	see	what	I	thought	of
you,”	 Clive	 said	 as	 he	 reached	 the	 table.	 “Only,	 when	 I	 retired,	 I	 didn’t	 think	 anyone
would	notice,	let	alone	mind,	so	I	took—”
“The	file!”	Sadie’s	eyes	widened.
A	short	nod.
“You	took	the	Edevane	case	file.”
“Borrowed.	I’m	going	to	put	it	back	once	the	case	is	closed.”
“You	.	.	.	!”	Admiration	warmed	her	face	as	she	considered	the	folder,	now	on	the	table
between	 them,	 brimming	 with	 interview	 transcripts,	 illustrations,	 names,	 numbers,
theories.	“You	devil!	You	wonderful	devil.”

He	jutted	his	chin.	“Wasn’t	doing	any	good	in	archives,	was	it?	There	was	no	one	there
who’d	miss	it.	Most	of	the	others,	their	parents	weren’t	even	born	when	it	happened.”	His
bottom	lip	trembled	slightly.	“It’s	my	case.	My	unfinished	business.”
He	 handed	 her	 a	 large	 black-and-white	 photograph	 from	 the	 top	 of	 the	 file:	 a	 goodlooking,	 well-heeled	 family	 whose	 hairstyles,	 dresses,	 suits,	 and	 hats	 marked	 them	 as
belonging	to	the	1930s.	It	had	been	taken	outside	during	a	picnic	and	they	were	lounging
on	a	plaid	blanket	spread	with	plates	and	teacups;	there	was	a	stone	wall	behind	them	that
Sadie	 recognized	 as	 belonging	 to	 the	 bottom	 garden	 near	 the	 stream.	 Eleanor	 and	 her
husband	Anthony	were	in	the	center	of	the	group.	Sadie	knew	them	from	the	newspaper
photo,	though	they	looked	happy	here,	and	therefore	younger.	An	older	woman,	who	must
be	Constance	deShiel,	was	sitting	in	a	wicker	chair	to	the	left	of	her	daughter,	and	three
girls,	teenagers	or	thereabouts,	were	gathered	together	on	the	other	side,	legs	outstretched,
ankles	 crossed	 in	 the	 sun.	 Deborah,	 the	 eldest	 and	 most	 conventionally	 beautiful,	 was
sitting	closest	to	her	father,	a	scarf	tied	over	her	hair;	Alice	was	next,	her	arresting	gaze
familiar	 from	 her	 author	 photo;	 and	 on	 the	 end,	 a	 girl	 who	 was	 tall	 and	 rangy	 but
obviously	younger	than	the	others,	who	must	be	Clementine.	Her	light-brown	hair,	wavy
and	side-parted,	sat	just	above	her	shoulders,	but	her	face	was	difficult	to	make	out.	She
wasn’t	looking	at	the	photographer,	but	rather	was	smiling	at	the	little	boy	sitting	by	his
mother’s	feet.	Baby	Theo,	an	arm	outstretched	towards	his	sister,	a	soft	toy	in	his	fist.
Despite	herself,	Sadie	was	moved	by	the	photo.	The	tufty	grass,	the	spill	of	shadows	on
a	 long-ago	 summer	 day,	 the	 small	 white	 flecks	 of	 daisies	 in	 the	 picture’s	 foreground.	 It
was	 a	 brief,	 single	 moment	 in	 the	 life	 of	 a	 happy	 family,	 caught	 before	 everything
changed.	Clive	had	said	the	Edevanes	were	unlike	anyone	he’d	met	before,	but	it	was	the
ordinariness	of	these	people,	this	scene,	that	struck	Sadie	more.	Anthony’s	jacket,	tossed
casually	behind	him,	the	piece	of	half-eaten	cake	in	Deborah’s	hand,	the	glossy	retriever
sitting	to	attention,	eyeing	the	prize.
She	 frowned	 and	 looked	 closer.	 “Who’s	 that?”	 There	 was	 another	 woman	 in	 the
photograph.	 Sadie	 had	 missed	 her	 at	 first;	 she	 was	 lost	 in	 the	 dappled	 light	 beneath	 the
stone	wall.
Clive	peered	at	the	image.	“That’s	the	boy’s	nanny.	Rose	Waters	was	her	name.”
“Nanny,”	 Sadie	 said	 thoughtfully.	 She	 knew	 a	 little	 about	 nannies;	 she’d	 seen	 Mary
Poppins.	“Didn’t	they	used	to	sleep	in	the	nursery	with	children?”
“They	 did,”	 said	 Clive.	 “Unfortunately	 she’d	 left	 the	 Lake	 House	 a	 couple	 of	 weeks
before	the	party.	It	took	us	a	while	to	find	her.	We	traced	her	through	a	sister	in	Yorkshire
in	the	end.	Just	in	time,	too:	she	was	at	a	hotel	in	London,	about	to	set	sail	to	start	another
job.”	He	scratched	his	head.	“Canada,	I	think	it	was.	We	spoke	to	her,	but	she	wasn’t	much
help.”
“So	there	was	no	nanny	at	Loeanneth	over	Midsummer?”
“Oh,	there	was	a	replacement,	all	right.	Hilda	Bruen.	A	real	old	battle-axe,	one	of	those
ancient	nannies,	the	sort	who	got	her	thrills	from	feeding	cod	liver	oil	to	children,	making
them	cry	and	telling	them	it’s	for	their	own	good.	Younger	than	I	am	now,	but	to	me	as	a
lad	she	seemed	like	Methuselah.	She’d	worked	at	the	Lake	House	when	Eleanor	was	a	girl
and	been	pulled	out	of	retirement	after	Rose	Waters	left.”

“She	was	there	the	night	the	boy	went	missing?”
“The	very	same	room.”
This	was	rather	big	news.	“She	must	have	seen	or	heard	something?”
Clive	 was	 shaking	 his	 head.	 “Sleeping	 like	 a	 baby.	 Seems	 she’d	 taken	 a	 draft	 of
whiskey	 to	 help	 shut	 out	 the	 party	 noise.	 Not	 an	 unusual	 occurrence,	 from	 what	 I	 could
gather.”
“Bollocks!”
“Indeed.”
“There	was	no	mention	of	her	in	Pickering’s	book.”
“No,	well,	there	wouldn’t	be,	would	there?	He	was	a	fool	of	a	man	and	no	one	gave
him	the	time	of	day,	so	he	was	limited	to	what	he	could	find	in	the	papers.”
“I’m	not	sure	I	understand	how	something	like	this	could	be	kept	out	of	the	papers—
someone	sleeping	in	the	same	room	as	the	boy?”
“The	family	was	insistent.	Eleanor	Edevane	came	to	see	my	boss,	seeking	assurances
that	nothing	would	be	said	publicly	about	Hilda	Bruen.	The	nanny	had	a	long	association
with	 the	 family	 and	 they	 wouldn’t	 permit	 her	 reputation	 to	 be	 tarnished.	 The	 Detective
Inspector	didn’t	like	it”—he	shrugged—“but	as	I	said,	times	were	different	then.	A	family
like	 the	 Edevanes,	 gentry,	 they	 were	 allowed	 a	 certain	 leeway	 that	 wouldn’t	 be	 granted
now.”
Sadie	 wondered	 how	 many	 other	 leads	 had	 been	 lost	 through	 such	 “leeway.”	 She
heaved	a	sigh	and	leaned	back	against	her	seat,	swiveled	her	pen	this	way	and	that	before
tossing	it	lightly	onto	her	writing	pad.	“There’s	so	little	to	go	on.”
Clive	smiled	with	sad	apology.	He	gestured	towards	the	bloated	file.	“You	know,	in	all
that	 lot,	 out	 of	 hundreds	 of	 interviews,	 there	 was	 only	 one	 eyewitness	 who	 thought	 she
might	have	spotted	something	useful.”
Sadie	raised	her	brows	in	query.
“One	of	the	party	guests	reported	seeing	the	silhouette	of	a	figure,	a	woman’s	figure,	in
the	 nursery	 window	 on	 the	 night	 of	 the	 party.	 Just	 after	 midnight,	 according	 to	 her.	 The
fireworks	 were	 under	 way.	 Almost	 didn’t	 tell	 us,	 she	 said.	 She’d	 been	 skulking	 around
with	a	fellow	who	wasn’t	her	husband.”
Sadie’s	brows	went	higher.
“Said	she	wouldn’t	have	been	able	to	live	with	herself	if	the	boy	wasn’t	found	because
she	hadn’t	come	forward.”
“Was	she	credible?”
“She	 swore	 to	 what	 she’d	 seen,	 but	 you	 could	 still	 smell	 the	 alcohol	 on	 her	 the	 next
day.”
“Could	it	have	been	the	old	nanny	she	saw?”

Clive	shook	his	head.	“Doubtful.	She	insisted	the	silhouette	was	slim,	and	Hilda	Bruen
was	decidedly	stout.”
Sadie	took	up	the	picnic	photograph	again.	There	were	a	lot	of	women	in	the	Edevane
family	 and	 all	 of	 them	 were	 slim.	 Indeed,	 it	 struck	 her	 as	 she	 considered	 the	 image	 that
Anthony	Edevane	was	the	only	man	among	them—aside	from	baby	Theo,	of	course.	He
was	 a	 handsome	 man;	 in	 his	 early	 forties	 here,	 but	 with	 dark-blond	 hair	 and	 a	 heavy,
intelligent	 brow,	 and	 the	 sort	 of	 smile	 Sadie	 suspected	 was	 bestowed	 freely	 on	 those	 he
loved.
Her	 gaze	 slid	 to	 the	 woman	 beneath	 the	 stone	 wall,	 obscured	 by	 shade	 but	 for	 one
slender	ankle	that	had	sneaked	into	sunlight.	“Why	did	she	leave?	Rose	Waters,	I	mean.”
“She	was	let	go.”
“Fired?”	Sadie	glanced	up	sharply.
“A	difference	of	opinion,	according	to	Eleanor	Edevane.”
“Which	opinion?”
“Something	to	do	with	taking	liberties.	It	was	all	rather	vague.”
Sadie	 considered	 this.	 It	 sounded	 like	 an	 excuse	 to	 her;	 the	 sort	 of	 thing	 people	 said
when	they	were	trying	to	mask	an	unpleasant	truth.	She	looked	at	Eleanor.	At	first	glance,
Sadie	 had	 presumed	 the	 photograph	 was	 of	 a	 happy,	 carefree	 family	 enjoying	 a	 warm
summer’s	 day.	 It	 occurred	 to	 her	 now	 that	 she’d	 fallen	 under	 the	 same	 spell	 Clive
described.	 Letting	 the	 Edevane	 family’s	 charm	 and	 wealth	 and	 attractiveness	 dazzle	 her.
She	peered	closer.	Was	she	imagining	strain	in	the	pretty	features	of	Eleanor’s	face?	Sadie
gave	a	slow,	thoughtful	sigh.	“What	about	Rose	Waters?	Did	she	report	the	same?”
“She	did.	Very	distressed	she	was,	too.	She	described	the	dismissal	as	unexpected	and
unfair.	Particularly	upsetting	because	it	had	been	her	first	nannying	job.	She’d	been	there
ten	years,	ever	since	she	was	eighteen	years	old.	Not	much	she	could	do	about	it,	though;
the	means	of	making	a	complaint	didn’t	exist	back	then.	She	was	lucky	to	have	been	given
a	good	reference.”
The	timing,	Rose	Waters’s	sense	of	an	injustice	having	been	done	to	her,	her	familiarity
with	 the	 family	 and	 their	 rhythms.	 Sadie	 had	 a	 funny	 feeling.	 “She	 must	 have	 been	 a
suspect.”
“Everyone	was	a	suspect.	Everyone	and	no	one.	That	was	half	the	problem:	the	field
never	 got	 any	 narrower.	 Rose	 Waters	 became	 very	 agitated	 when	 we	 interviewed	 her,
frantic	 when	 she	 heard	 what	 had	 happened.	 She	 was	 terribly	 worried	 about	 the	 boy.
They’d	 been	 very	 close	 according	 to	 the	 other	 servants.	 More	 than	 one	 commented	 that
she	loved	the	boy	like	he	was	her	own.”
Sadie’s	heart	had	started	to	beat	faster.
Clive	appeared	to	notice.	“I	know	how	it	sounds,”	he	said,	“but	it	happened	a	lot	back
then,	after	the	first	war.	A	whole	generation	was	sunk	beneath	the	mud	in	France	and	with
them	went	the	marriage	hopes	of	millions	of	young	women.	Employment	as	a	nanny	by	a

family	 like	 the	 Edevanes	 was	 as	 close	 to	 having	 a	 child	 as	 most	 of	 them	 would	 ever
come.”
“Must’ve	been	hard	being	sent	away	from	a	little	boy	she	loved.”
Clive,	 anticipating	 the	 line	 of	 thinking,	 said	 calmly,	 “No	 doubt,	 but	 loving	 someone
else’s	 child	 is	 very	 different	 from	 stealing	 them.	 There	 was	 nothing	 to	 link	 her	 to	 the
crime.”
“Except	an	eyewitness	who	saw	a	woman	in	the	boy’s	nursery.”
He	 nodded	 ambivalently,	 clearly	 of	 the	 opinion	 that,	 while	 anything	 was	 possible,	 he
considered	the	theory	unlikely.	“No	one	saw	her	on	the	estate,	she	wasn’t	at	the	party,	and
a	fellow	on	the	desk	at	the	hotel	in	London	said	he’d	served	her	breakfast	on	the	twentyfourth	of	June.”
Alibis	could	be	flimsy	things.	There	were	any	number	of	reasons	why	one	person	might
be	induced	to	vouch	for	another.	As	to	Rose	Waters	not	being	seen	at	Loeanneth,	if	Sadie’s
tunnel	hunch	proved	correct,	it	was	irrelevant.
Sadie	felt	the	divine	zing	of	a	credible	lead	opening.	It	was	a	sensation	she	didn’t	think
she’d	ever	tire	of.	The	nanny	had	loved	the	boy;	she’d	been	dismissed	suddenly	and,	in	her
view,	 unfairly;	 an	 eyewitness	 had	 reported	 seeing	 a	 woman’s	 silhouette	 in	 the	 nursery.
Furthermore,	 Rose	 Waters	 had	 lived	 for	 a	 time	 within	 the	 house.	 It	 was	 not	 unthinkable
that	she’d	learned,	during	her	tenure,	of	the	tunnel.	From	one	of	the	daughters,	perhaps?
Clementine?	 Was	 that	 the	 secret	 Clive	 suspected	 the	 youngest	 Edevane	 daughter	 of
keeping?
To	take	the	boy	was	an	extreme	measure,	granted,	but	wasn’t	all	crime	the	execution	of
an	 extreme	 reaction?	 Sadie	 tapped	 her	 fingertips	 against	 the	 table	 rim.	 Rose	 Waters’s
dismissal	was	important,	she	just	knew	it.
“I’ll	tell	you	one	thing.	It	was	a	great	shame	she	wasn’t	at	Loeanneth	that	night,”	Clive
said.	“More	than	one	person	we	interviewed	commented	on	how	vigilant	Rose	Waters	was
when	it	came	to	the	little	lad.	Even	Eleanor	Edevane	said	it	never	would	have	happened	if
Nanny	Rose	had	still	been	there.	Full	of	remorse,	she	was.”
“For	firing	the	nanny?”
He	nodded.	“Of	course,	parents	usually	find	a	way	to	blame	themselves,	don’t	they?”
He	took	up	the	photo	and	inspected	it,	gently	brushing	away	a	piece	of	dust	with	the	back
of	his	fingers.	“You	know,	she	stopped	coming	back	to	the	house	during	the	Second	World
War.	I	thought	it	was	just	the	war,	such	a	bloody	mess	that	made	of	everything,	but	even
when	 it	 was	 over,	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 never	 came	 back.	 I	 wondered	 about	 her	 sometimes,
whether	she’d	been	hit	by	a	bomb.	Terrible	thing	to	say,	but	the	war	was	like	that:	we	all
got	used	to	people	dying.	Sad	to	think	of	the	house	left	all	alone,	but	it	made	sense	she
stayed	 away.	 So	 much	 death	 and	 destruction,	 time	 just	 kept	 dragging	 on,	 six	 long,	 hard
years	of	war.	The	world	was	a	different	place	once	it	ended.	More	than	eleven	years	since
the	lad	went	missing.	Whatever	vigil	she	was	keeping	here,	I	think	she’d	moved	beyond	it,
finally	let	the	little	lad	go.”

Sadie	 wondered	 if	 he	 was	 right,	 whether	 there	 was	 a	 point	 at	 which	 even	 the	 most
determined	 sufferer	 of	 bereavement	 cut	 their	 losses.	 Whether	 half	 a	 decade	 of	 war	 and
austerity,	 of	 mass	 destruction	 and	 waste,	 could	 blot	 out	 the	 memory	 of	 a	 comparatively
small,	personal	grief,	no	matter	how	searing	it	had	been.	Perhaps	a	person	could	learn	to
live	 with	 a	 shadow	 child.	 Anything	 was	 possible—just	 look	 at	 Maggie	 Bailey.	 She’d
walked	 away	 from	 her	 child.	 (“She	 did	 not,	 she	 never	would’ve	done	a	thing	like	that,”
Nancy	Bailey	insisted.	Sadie	shook	the	voice	away.)
“So,”	said	Clive	with	a	sorry	smile.	“There	you	have	it.	The	Edevane	case	in	a	nutshell.
Thousands	of	man-hours,	the	best	of	intentions,	decades	of	personal	obsession,	and	next	to
nothing	 to	 show	 for	 it.	 No	 more	 decent	 leads	 today	 than	 we	 had	 in	 the	 first	 days	 of	 the
investigation.”
Sadie	 felt	 the	 suspension	 of	 her	 unspoken	 theory	 heavy	 between	 them.	 Now	 was	 the
time	to	tell	him.	He’d	trusted	her	with	his	file,	the	least	she	could	do	was	return	the	favor.
She	said,	“I	might	have	something	new.”
Clive	 cocked	 his	 head	 as	 if	 she’d	 spoken	 in	 a	 foreign	 language	 and	 he	 was	 trying	 to
decode	her	statement	for	meaning.
“A	theory,	I	mean.”
“I	 heard	 you.”	 His	 eyes	 brightened	 and,	 at	 the	 same	 time,	 narrowed,	 as	 if	 he	 were
guarding	against	his	own	eagerness.	His	voice	when	he	spoke	was	gravelly.	“Go	on,	then.”
Sadie	started	with	the	map	Alastair	had	found	for	her,	its	age	and	obscurity,	its	unusual
provenance,	moving	on	to	describe	the	floor	plan	with	its	small	unnamed	wall	cavity	and
her	theory	that	it	might	lead	to	a	tunnel.
He	nodded	urgently	as	she	finished	and	said,	“I	knew	there	was	at	least	one	tunnel,	we
checked	it	in	the	days	following,	even	though	the	trapdoor	in	the	garden	had	been	sealed,
but	I	didn’t	know	anything	about	a	tunnel	leading	to	that	part	of	the	house—nobody	did.
This	map	was	old,	you	say?”
“Very.	 It	 had	 been	 tucked	 away	 with	 other	 bits	 and	 pieces	 in	 a	 waterlogged	 cellar
somewhere	 and	 was	 only	 found	 during	 recent	 renovations.	 The	 whole	 lot	 was	 sent	 for
restoration	and	wound	up	at	the	County	Archives,	which	is	how	I	came	by	it.”
Clive	reached	beneath	his	glasses	to	rub	the	bridge	of	his	nose.	Eyes	closed,	thinking.
“I	wonder	if	it’s	possible	.	.	.”	he	mumbled.	“But	why	wouldn’t	someone	have	mentioned
it?	Perhaps	they	didn’t	know?”
“We	don’t	even	know,”	Sadie	reminded	him.	“Not	for	certain.	I	need	to	get	inside	the
house	to	check.	I’ve	written	to	Alice	Edevane—”
“Pah,”	he	said	sharply,	meeting	her	eyes.	“You’ll	as	soon	get	blood	from	a	stone	as	any
help	from	her.”
“I’ve	noticed.	Why	is	that?	Why	isn’t	she	as	eager	as	we	are	to	know	what	happened?”
“No	idea.	Perversity?	Pig-headedness?	She’s	a	crime	writer.	Did	you	know	that?	Very
famous.”

Sadie	nodded	distractedly.	Was	that	why	she	hadn’t	heard	back?	Had	her	letters	become
lost	amongst	the	hundreds	of	others	a	writer	like	A.	C.	Edevane	must	receive?	Fan	letters,
requests	for	money,	that	sort	of	thing	.	.	.
“Police	 officer	 called	 Brent,”	 Clive	 continued.	 “I’ve	 read	 a	 few	 of	 them.	 Not	 bad.
Found	 myself	 trying	 to	 read	 between	 the	 lines,	 see	 whether	 there	 was	 anything	 in	 there
that’d	 help	 with	 the	 case.	 I	 saw	 her	 on	 TV	 a	 while	 back.	 She	 was	 just	 as	 I	 remembered
her.”
“How	do	you	mean?”
“High-and-mighty,	enigmatic,	sure	of	herself.	She	was	sixteen	when	her	brother	went
missing,	only	a	year	younger	than	I	was,	but	a	different	species.	Cool	as	a	cucumber	when
we	interviewed	her.”
“Too	cool?”
A	nod.	“I	wondered	at	the	time	whether	it	was	an	act.	I	couldn’t	believe	a	young	girl
could	 be	 so	 self-possessed.	 Sure	 enough,	 I	 saw	 another	 side	 of	 her	 later.	 My	 gift	 as	 a
policeman	 back	 then	 was	 my	 meekness.	 Like	 a	 church	 mouse,	 I	 was,	 always	 slipping
beneath	notice.	It	made	me	very	useful.	My	boss	had	sent	me	out	to	find	him	a	new	pen—
his	 old	 one	 had	 run	 out	 of	 ink—and	 as	 I	 was	 returning	 to	 the	 entrance	 hall	 I	 saw	 her
lurking	on	the	stairs,	creeping	towards	the	door	of	the	library	where	we	were	conducting
the	interviews,	before	changing	her	mind	and	sneaking	back	again	into	the	shadows.”
“You	 think	 she	 was	 trying	 to	 work	 up	 the	 courage	 to	 knock	 on	 the	 door	 and	 tell	 you
something?”
“Either	that,	or	she	was	awfully	anxious	to	hear	what	was	being	said	in	there.”
“Did	you	ask	her?”
“She	turned	those	cool	blue	eyes	on	me	and	told	me	to	stop	haranguing	her,	to	get	on
with	finding	her	brother.	Her	voice	was	full	of	authority,	but	her	face—it	paled	to	almost
white.”	 He	 leaned	 closer.	 “In	 my	 experience,	 people	 who	 know	 more	 than	 they	 should
about	a	crime	behave	in	one	of	two	ways:	they	either	make	themselves	invisible,	or	else
they’re	drawn	to	the	investigation	like	a	moth	to	a	flame.”
Sadie	considered	this.	“I	need	to	get	inside	that	house.”
“You	 do.	 We	 do.”	 He	 met	 her	 gaze.	 “Don’t	 think	 for	 a	 second	 I’m	 not	 coming	 with
you.”
“I’ll	write	to	her	again	this	afternoon.”
“Yes.”	He	seemed	about	to	say	more.
“What	is	it?”
Clive	straightened	both	sides	of	his	knitted	vest,	making	a	careful	effort	to	avoid	eye
contact.	“Best,	of	course,	to	have	the	owner’s	permission	.	.	.”
“Yes,”	Sadie	agreed.
“.	.	.	but	there	is	another	option.	Local	man,	paid	to	look	in	every	so	often,	make	sure
the	vandals	and	wildlife	don’t	get	too	cozy.”

“He	hasn’t	been	doing	much	of	a	job.”
“Be	that	as	it	may,	the	man	has	a	key.”
“Ah.”
“I	could	put	you	in	touch	if	you	like?”
Sadie	 took	 a	 deep,	 thoughtful	 breath.	 She	 liked	 all	 right.	 But	 she	 was	 going	 up	 to
London	in	a	few	days	and	she	couldn’t	afford	to	set	a	foot	wrong	if	she	wanted	Donald
onside	.	.	.	“I’ll	give	it	one	more	try,”	she	said	finally.	“See	if	I	can	get	Alice	Edevane’s
permission.”
“And	if	you	can’t	.	.	.”
“Then	I	know	where	to	find	you.”

16
Bertie’s	 place	 was	 empty	 when	 Sadie	 arrived	 home.	 There	 was	 a	 note	 on	 the	 table
advising	that	her	grandfather	was	out	on	festival	business,	and	an	unwrapped	gift	beside	it,
a	framed	cloth	with	words	embroidered	inexpertly	in	orange	thread.	May	your	past	be	a
pleasant	 memory,	 Your	 future	 filled	 with	 delight	 and	 mystery,	 Your	 now	 a	 glorious
moment,	 That	 fills	 your	 life	 with	 deep	 contentment.	 An	 attached	 card	 informed	 Sadie	 it
was	a	Celtic	blessing	made	“with	love”	by	Louise	for	Bertie.	She	wrinkled	her	nose	and
slapped	a	slice	of	cheese	between	two	pieces	of	bread.	The	thought	was	nice	enough,	she
supposed,	but	Sadie	could	just	imagine	what	Ruth	would	have	said	about	the	message.	Her
grandmother	had	always	hated	that	sort	of	shallow	sentiment.	As	far	as	Sadie	knew,	Bertie
had,	too.
She	 took	 her	 sandwich	 upstairs	 and	 sat	 on	 the	 window	 seat	 in	 her	 room,	 notebook
balanced	against	her	knees.	Clive	had	balked	at	letting	her	take	the	Edevane	file	home	but
said	she	was	welcome	to	sit	at	his	table	making	notes.	Naturally,	Sadie	leapt	at	the	offer
and	had	still	been	scribbling	furiously	when	a	knock	came	at	the	door	and	a	stout	woman
with	a	surfeit	of	chins	let	herself	in.
“Sadie—”	 Clive’s	 voice	 held	 a	 note	 of	 panic	 as	 it	 raced	 the	 intruder	 down	 the	 hall
—“this	is	my	daughter,	Bess.	Bess,	this	is	Sadie,	my	.	.	.”
“Bridge	 partner.”	 Sadie	 moved	 swiftly	 to	 reorder	 and	 conceal	 the	 file	 before	 meeting
the	other	woman	with	an	outstretched	hand	as	she	arrived	in	the	kitchen.	They	exchanged
brief,	 polite	 how-do-you-dos,	 during	 which	 Bess	 expressed	 approval	 that	 her	 father	 had
finally	found	himself	an	acceptable	hobby,	and	then	Sadie	made	her	excuses	and	left	amid
promises	to	catch	up	again	over	the	weekend	“for	another	game.”
She	 planned	 to	 do	 just	 that.	 She’d	 only	 managed	 to	 scratch	 the	 surface	 of	 the	 file’s
contents.	 There	 were	 hundreds	 of	 different	 documents,	 and	 with	 time	 so	 limited,	 she’d
concentrated	on	building	herself	a	timeline	of	the	investigation.
Two	 days	 after	 Theo	 Edevane	 was	 declared	 missing,	 police	 had	 launched	 the	 biggest
search	 in	 Cornwall’s	 history.	 Hundreds	 of	 local	 people	 had	 turned	 up	 at	 daybreak	 each
morning,	 eager	 to	 do	 their	 bit,	 along	 with	 a	 group	 of	 men	 who’d	 served	 with	 Anthony
Edevane	 in	 his	 First	 World	 War	 battalion.	 The	 coastline	 was	 scoured,	 as	 were	 the	 fields
and	woods.	Police	knocked	on	every	door	of	every	house	the	boy	and	his	abductor	might
have	passed.
Posters	displaying	Theo’s	photo	were	distributed	and	displayed	throughout	the	county,
and	 in	 the	 days	 after	 Midsummer,	 the	 boy’s	 parents	 made	 an	 appeal	 through	 the
newspapers.	 The	 disappearance	 became	 a	 national	 news	 item,	 capturing	 the	 popular
imagination,	and	police	were	inundated	with	information,	some	of	it	given	anonymously.
Every	 lead	 was	 followed	 up,	 no	 matter	 how	 crazy	 or	 unlikely	 it	 seemed.	 On	 June	 26,

police	 discovered	 the	 body	 of	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn,	 but,	 as	 Clive	 had	 said,	 despite	 initial
suspicion	 no	 connection	 was	 ever	 found	 between	 the	 writer’s	 suicide	 and	 the	 missing
child.
The	 investigation	 continued	 throughout	 July,	 and	 on	 the	 eighth	 of	 that	 month	 police
were	brought	in	from	the	Met	to	assist	the	local	force.	Sadie	could	just	imagine	how	that
was	received.	They	were	followed	closely	by	the	legendary	former	inspector	Keith	Tyrell,
who	was	employed	as	a	private	detective	by	a	London	newspaper.	Tyrell	left	after	a	week,
with	nothing	new	to	show	for	his	time	in	Cornwall;	the	London	police	returned	home	soon
after.	As	autumn	stretched	towards	winter,	the	search	was	scaled	down,	police	unable	to
continue	with	no	results.	Despite	three	months	of	rigorous	investigation,	they’d	found	no
further	clues	and	uncovered	no	other	witnesses.
Over	 the	 years,	 police	 continued	 to	 receive	 occasional	 tip-offs,	 all	 of	 which	 were
investigated,	 none	 of	 which	 led	 to	 anything	 concrete.	 A	 letter	 was	 received	 by	 a	 local
newspaper	in	1936,	purporting	to	be	from	Theo’s	kidnapper,	but	it	proved	to	be	a	hoax;	in
1938,	 a	 psychic	 in	 Nottingham	 declared	 that	 the	 boy’s	 body	 was	 buried	 beneath	 the
concrete	foundations	of	a	shed	on	a	local	farm,	however,	a	search	revealed	nothing;	and	in
1939,	police	were	called	to	a	nursing	home	in	Brighton	to	reinterview	Constance	deShiel,
whose	new	nurse	had	become	concerned	by	the	old	woman’s	incessant,	tearful	claims	that
a	little	boy,	dear	to	her,	had	been	killed	by	a	family	friend.	The	nurse,	who’d	grown	up	in
Cornwall	and	was	familiar	with	the	case,	connected	the	dots	and	telephoned	the	police.
“She	gets	very	upset,”	the	nurse	told	investigating	officers.	“Frets	about	the	boy’s	loss,
talks	on	and	on	about	the	sleeping	pills	that	were	used	to	keep	him	quiet.”	Though	initially
promising,	 particularly	 in	 light	 of	 a	 missing	 bottle	 of	 sedatives	 in	 the	 Edevane	 case,	 the
lead	ultimately	came	to	nothing.	Constance	deShiel	was	unable	to	provide	police	with	any
new,	 verifiable	 information	 and	 descended	 under	 questioning	 into	 a	 rambling	 narrative
about	 her	 daughter	 Eleanor	 and	 a	 stillborn	 baby.	 The	 old	 woman’s	 longtime	 doctor,
interviewed	upon	his	return	from	holiday,	confirmed	she	was	suffering	from	the	late	stages
of	 dementia	 and	 the	 murder	 claim	 was	 only	 one	 of	 a	 number	 of	 topics	 to	 which	 her
muddled	 mind	 returned.	 She	 was	 just	 as	 likely,	 he	 said,	 to	 tell	 police	 her	 other	 favored
story,	 a	 detailed	 account	 of	 a	 royal	 visit	 she’d	 never	 actually	 made.	 Which	 left	 them
precisely	where	they’d	been	in	late	June	1933.	Sadie	tossed	her	notebook	onto	the	far	end
of	the	window	seat.	Nowhere.
She	 went	 for	 a	 run	 that	 evening.	 It	 was	 warm	 and	 dry,	 but	 the	 air	 hummed	 with	 the
promise	 of	 rain.	 Sadie	 followed	 one	 of	 the	 tracks	 through	 the	 woods,	 the	 rhythm	 of	 her
footfalls	helping	to	drive	out	clamoring	thoughts.	She’d	been	studying	the	case	notes	like	a
woman	possessed	(“obsessed,”	said	Donald),	and	her	brain	ached	from	the	effort.
The	sun	was	low	in	the	sky	when	she	reached	the	verge	bordering	Loeanneth,	and	the
long	grass	of	the	meadow	was	deepening	from	green	to	mauve.	The	dogs	were	in	the	habit
of	 continuing	 on	 to	 the	 house	 and	 Ash	 whimpered	 uncertainly	 when	 Sadie	 stopped.
Ramsay,	typically	aloof,	stalked	back	and	forth	a	few	feet	away.	“Not	today,	I’m	afraid,
boys,”	she	said.	“It’s	too	late.	I	don’t	fancy	getting	stuck	in	the	woods	after	dark.”

There	was	a	large	smooth	stick	nearby	and	she	lobbed	it	into	the	meadow	for	them,	a
consolation	prize.	They	were	off	like	shots,	leaping	and	tumbling.	Sadie	smiled,	watching
them	wrestle	for	the	stick,	then	her	focus	shifted	to	the	distant	thicket	of	yew	trees	beyond.
Light	was	fading,	the	hidden	crickets	on	the	fringe	of	the	woods	had	started	their	evening
song,	 and	 hundreds	 of	 tiny	 starlings	 soared	 above	 the	 knotty,	 darkening	 copse.	 Beneath
them,	 hidden	 within	 its	 walls	 of	 greenery,	 the	 house	 was	 hunkering	 down	 for	 another
night.	Sadie	pictured	it,	the	last	of	the	sun’s	rays	glinting	off	the	leadlight,	the	cool	navy
spread	of	the	lake	out	front,	the	lonely	set	of	the	roof.
Blades	of	grass	tickled	her	legs	and	she	tugged	at	them	absently,	unsheathing	the	stalks
one	by	one.	The	action,	surprisingly	satisfying,	brought	with	it	the	memory	of	an	article	in
one	 of	 the	 Edevane	 girls’	 little	 newspapers:	 instructions	 on	 how	 to	 weave	 a	 grass	 boat.
Sadie	 tried	 it	 now,	 taking	 two	 flat	 strands,	 folding	 one	 over	 the	 other	 to	 make	 a	 sort	 of
braid.	Her	fingers	were	clumsy,	though,	and	the	schoolyard	task	too	foreign.	It	had	been	a
long	time	since	Sadie	had	done	anything	fiddly	or	whimsical.	She	tossed	the	strands	aside.
It	 struck	 her	 that	 one	 of	 the	 characters	 in	 the	 A.	 C.	 Edevane	 novel	 she	 was	 reading
before	had	mentioned	a	childhood	summer	spent	weaving	boats	from	long	pieces	of	grass.
No	great	coincidence,	of	course.	It	made	sense	that	an	author	would	raid	her	own	life	to
furnish	 her	 characters	 with	 thoughts	 and	 memories.	 That’s	 what	 Clive	 had	 meant	 about
reading	between	the	lines	of	Alice’s	novels,	searching	for	clues	that	might	shed	light	on
the	disappearance	of	Theo	Edevane.	He	hadn’t	mentioned	finding	anything—indeed,	he’d
confessed	to	the	habit	with	a	wry,	self-deprecating	smile,	as	if	inviting	Sadie	to	laugh	with
him	 at	 just	 how	 desperate	 he’d	 become	 for	 credible	 information.	 Now,	 though,	 Sadie
wondered.	Not	about	the	A.	C.	Edevane	books	so	much	as	whether	it	was	possible	Alice
knew	something	important,	something	she’d	kept	secret	all	these	years.
Sadie	glimpsed	another	largish	stick	and	picked	it	up,	jabbing	it	restlessly	against	the
ground.	 Did	 that	 explain	 why	 Alice	 hadn’t	 replied	 to	 her	 letters?	 Was	 she	 guilty?	 Clive
was	 right;	 the	 guilty	 could	 generally	 be	 divided	 into	 two	 groups:	 those	 who	 were
constantly	underfoot	as	they	strove	to	“help’	officers	with	their	inquiries,	and	those	who
avoided	police	like	the	plague.	Was	Alice	one	of	the	latter?	Had	she	seen	something	that
night,	and	was	Clive	right	when	he	guessed	she’d	been	returning	to	the	Loeanneth	library
to	 report	 it	 to	 police?	 Perhaps	 it	 was	 Alice	 who’d	 told	 Rose	 Waters	 about	 the	 tunnel;
perhaps	she’d	even	seen	the	nanny	herself	that	Midsummer’s	Eve?
Sadie	 drove	 the	 stick	 hard	 into	 the	 dirt.	 Even	 as	 she	 thought	 it,	 she	 knew	 it	 wasn’t
enough.	Supposing	Alice	had	told	Rose	about	the	tunnel—it	wasn’t	a	sufficient	sin,	surely,
for	her	to	lie,	not	when	a	baby	was	missing,	not	unless	there	was	some	other	reason	Alice
owed	 Rose	 Waters	 her	 silence.	 Sadie	 shook	 her	 head,	 impatient	 with	 herself.	 She	 was
overreaching,	trying	too	hard,	and	she	knew	it.	This	was	exactly	why	she	needed	to	keep
running,	 to	 shut	 off	 whatever	 habit	 it	 was	 inside	 her	 that	 wouldn’t	 stop	 assembling
theories.
Ash	had	won	the	game	of	tug-of-war	and	arrived	back	at	Sadie’s	feet	now,	dropping	the
stick	with	a	proud	flourish.	He	panted	imploringly,	before	nudging	it	with	his	nose.	“Oh,
all	right,”	she	said,	tousling	his	ears.	“Once	more,	and	then	we	have	to	go.”	She	hurled	the
stick,	prompting	the	dogs	to	bark	with	pleasure	as	they	raced	through	the	grass.

Truth	was,	Sadie	had	gone	a	bit	cold	on	her	Rose	Waters	theory	since	leaving	Clive’s.
No	matter	which	way	she	turned	it,	kidnapping	a	child	seemed	too	extreme	a	reaction	for
an	 otherwise	 sane	 woman.	 And	 by	 all	 reports—the	 file	 had	 contained	 more	 than	 one—
Rose	Waters	was	sane.	She	was	also	described,	variously,	as	“efficient,”	“attractive,”	and
“vivacious,”	with	an	impeccable	service	record.	She’d	had	only	one	month	off	in	the	ten
years	since	she’d	started	work	with	the	Edevanes,	and	then	only	because	she	was	called
away	on	“a	family	matter.”
Even	if	she	had	been	unfairly	dismissed,	and	even	if	she	did	desire	revenge	against	her
employers,	the	grievance	suffered	didn’t	seem	strong	enough	to	fit	the	crime.	Plus,	there’d
have	 been	 enormous	 practical	 difficulties	 in	 executing	 the	 abduction.	 Could	 one	 woman
possibly	have	acted	alone?	If	not,	who	was	her	accessory—Daffyd	Llewellyn,	some	other
unknown	 person?—and	 how	 was	 he	 (or	 she)	 induced	 to	 assist	 with	 such	 a	 personal
vendetta?	No,	she	was	clutching	at	straws,	seeking	to	draw	connections	where	there	were
none.	 Even	 the	 motive	 now	 seemed	 weak.	 There’d	 been	 no	 legitimate	 ransom	 request,
which	 rather	 scotched	 the	 suggestion,	 didn’t	 it,	 that	 Rose	 had	 been	 seeking	 financial
recompense?
Far-off	thunder	made	the	air	contract	and	Sadie	cast	an	eye	to	the	horizon.	The	sun	was
setting,	throwing	light	onto	a	heavy	band	of	dark-gray	clouds	out	at	sea.	Rain	was	coming.
She	called	for	the	dogs,	eager	to	get	going.	Her	shoelace	had	come	undone	and	she	leaned
her	 foot	 against	 a	 nearby	 stone	 to	 retie	 it.	 Regardless	 of	 who	 took	 him	 and	 why,	 the
question	of	what	happened	to	Theo	Edevane	remained.	Presuming	he’d	survived	beyond
Midsummer	 1933,	 he	 must	 have	 gone	 somewhere.	 Children	 couldn’t	 be	 stolen	 and	 then
absorbed	 into	 a	 new	 situation	 without	 drawing	 attention.	 Someone	 must	 have	 noticed.
There	 must	 have	 been	 suspicions,	 especially	 in	 a	 case	 that	 had	 received	 so	 much	 press
coverage.	The	fact	that	nothing	credible	had	come	to	police	attention	over	the	course	of
seventy	years	suggested	that	Theo	had	been	very	well	hidden,	and	the	best	place	to	hide	a
child	 was	 in	 plain	 sight.	 By	 inventing	 a	 scenario	 so	 believable	 that	 no	 one	 thought	 to
question	it.
Sadie	was	tightening	her	other	shoelace	when	something	on	the	stone	caught	her	eye.
Time	had	eaten	away	at	the	letters	and	a	fine	speckling	of	lichen	grew	over	them,	but	the
word	 was	 still	 perfectly	 clear	 to	 Sadie,	 who’d	 been	 spotting	 versions	 of	 the	 same	 all
fortnight.	 ALICE.	 Only,	 this	 one	 was	 different	 from	 the	 others;	 there	 was	 more	 etched
beneath	it,	lower	on	the	stone.	She	knelt,	pulling	the	grass	away	as	the	first	fat	splotches	of
rain	 began	 to	 fall.	 It	 was	 another	 name.	 Sadie	 smiled.	 The	 engraving	 read,	 ALICE	 +	 BEN.
ALWAYS.

The	cottage	was	dark	and	still	empty	when	Sadie	and	the	dogs	returned,	cold,	drenched,
and	 hungry.	 Sadie	 found	 a	 dry	 towel	 for	 Ash	 and	 Ramsay	 and	 then	 heated	 up	 some
leftover	 stew	 (lentils	 and	 love!).	 She	 ate	 hunched	 over	 her	 notes	 at	 the	 table	 as	 rain
drummed	 steadily	 on	 the	 roof	 and	 the	 dogs	 snored	 with	 deep	 contentment	 at	 her	 feet.
When	 she’d	 all	 but	 licked	 clean	 a	 second	 bowl,	 Sadie	 wrote	 her	 third	 letter	 to	 Alice
Edevane,	 requesting	 permission	 to	 enter	 the	 house.	 She	 considered	 asking	 outright
whether	there	was	a	concealed	tunnel	in	the	hallway	near	the	nursery	on	the	second	floor,
but	thought	better	of	it.	Neither	did	she	mention	Rose	Waters	or	the	keen	interest	she	had

in	 discussing	 Clementine	 Edevane	 and	 any	 information	 she	 may	 have	 harbored	 on	 the
case.	Sadie	said	only	that	she	had	a	theory	she	was	keen	to	follow	up	and	she’d	be	much
obliged	 if	 Alice	 would	 get	 in	 touch.	 She’d	 missed	 the	 Saturday	 collection,	 but	 took	 an
umbrella	and	ducked	out	in	the	dark	to	post	the	letter	regardless.	With	any	luck	it	would
reach	Alice	on	Tuesday;	in	the	meantime,	Sadie	would	be	glad	to	know	it	was	already	on
its	way.
She	took	the	opportunity	while	she	was	in	the	village	and	had	a	single	flickering	bar	of
mobile	reception	to	hunker	down	beneath	the	awning	of	the	general	store	and	check	her
phone	 for	 messages.	 There	 was	 still	 nothing	 from	 Donald,	 and	 Sadie	 pondered	 the	 fact
before	choosing	not	to	interpret	his	silence	as	reproach,	rather	as	tacit	agreement	that	she
should	resume	work	as	she’d	suggested,	after	making	contact	in	London	next	week.
On	 a	 whim,	 before	 leaving,	 she	 put	 in	 a	 call	 to	 Clive	 to	 ask	 about	 the	 1939	 nursinghome	interview	with	Constance	deShiel.	Something	in	the	account	she’d	read	was	flashing
dully	 on	 the	 switchboard	 of	 her	 mind,	 but	 she	 couldn’t	 put	 her	 finger	 on	 what	 or	 why.
Clive	was	pleased	to	hear	from	her	but	disappointed	when	she	posed	her	question.	“Oh,
that,”	 he	 said.	 “There	 was	 nothing	 in	 it.	 She’d	 deteriorated	 terribly	 by	 then,	 poor	 thing.
Awful	 way	 to	 go—spent	 her	 days	 ranting	 and	 raving	 about	 the	 past,	 mixing	 things	 up,
getting	herself	upset.	No,	it’s	Alice	Edevane	who	holds	the	key	to	solving	this	thing.	She’s
the	one	we	need	to	talk	to.”
The	lights	of	Seaview	Cottage	were	on	when	Sadie	rounded	the	bend	in	the	narrow	cliff
road.	 Bertie	 was	 in	 the	 kitchen	 making	 a	 pot	 of	 tea	 and	 he	 took	 a	 second	 cup	 from	 the
draining	board	when	Sadie	sat	down	at	the	table.	“Hello	there,	love,”	he	said.	“You’ve	had
a	big	day.”
“I	could	say	the	same	thing	about	you.”
“Twelve	boxes	of	toys	packed	and	ready	to	be	sold.”
“You	must	be	hungry.	You	missed	dinner.”
“I’m	all	right.	I	had	a	bite	while	I	was	out.”
With	 Louise,	 no	 doubt.	 Her	 grandfather	 didn’t	 offer	 further	 details	 and	 Sadie	 didn’t
want	to	seem	petty	or	begrudging,	so	resisted	prompting.	She	smiled—a	little	thinly—as
he	passed	her	a	steaming	cup	and	sat	opposite.
She	noticed	the	embroidered	gift	from	Louise	was	hanging	on	a	hook	by	the	door.	“I
haven’t	missed	your	birthday,	have	I?”
He	followed	her	gaze	and	smiled.	“It	was	a	just-because	gift.”
“That’s	kind.”
“Louise	is	kind.”
“Nice	enough	message.	A	little	simplistic,	perhaps.”
“Sadie—”
“I	know	where	Ruth	would’ve	put	it.	Remember	that	framed	copy	of	‘Desiderata’	she
kept	on	the	back	of	the	toilet	door?”	She	laughed.	It	sounded	hollow.

“Sadie—”
“She	 said	 if	 a	 person	 couldn’t	 go	 placidly	 amid	 the	 noise	 and	 haste	 in	 the	 WC,	 then
what	hope	was	there?”
Bertie	reached	across	the	table	and	took	her	hand.	“Sadie.	Lovely	girl.”
Sadie	 bit	 her	 bottom	 lip.	 Unaccountably,	 infuriatingly,	 his	 words	 made	 a	 sob	 lodge
halfway	up	her	throat.
“You’re	 like	 a	 daughter	 to	 me.	 I’m	 closer	 to	 you	 than	 I	 ever	 was	 to	 my	 own.	 Funny
thing,	that.	My	own	child	but	I’ve	nothing	at	all	in	common	with	your	mother.	Even	as	a
little	 girl	 she	 was	 so	 worried	 about	 what	 other	 people	 might	 think,	 concerned	 that	 we
weren’t	doing	things	‘properly,’	that	Ruth	or	I	would	embarrass	her	if	we	didn’t	dress	or
speak	or	think	precisely	like	the	other	parents.”	He	smiled	softly	and	brushed	at	the	white
stubbly	beard	he’d	been	sporting	since	he	came	to	Cornwall.	“You	and	I,	we’re	much	more
alike.	I	think	of	you	as	a	daughter,	and	I	know	you	look	to	me	as	a	parent.	But	Sadie,	love,
I’m	just	a	person.”
“You’re	 different	 here,	 Granddad.”	 She	 hadn’t	 known	 she	 was	 going	 to	 say	 it.	 She
hadn’t	even	known	she	felt	it.	She	sounded	like	a	child.
“I	hope	I	am.	I	mean	to	be.	I’m	trying	to	move	on.”
“You	even	got	your	license.”
“I’m	living	in	the	country!	I	can	hardly	be	relying	on	the	Tube	to	get	me	from	A	to	B.”
“But	all	that	talk	Louise	goes	on	with,	about	magic	happening	and	letting	the	universe
decide,	that	wall	hanging	.	.	.	That’s	not	you.”
“It	used	to	be,	when	I	was	a	boy.	I’d	forgotten—”
“It’s	certainly	not	Ruth.”
“Ruth’s	gone.”
“And	it’s	up	to	us	to	remember	her.”
His	voice	was	unusually	brittle.	“Your	grandmother	and	I	met	when	I	was	twelve	years
old.	I	can’t	remember	a	time	without	her.	My	grief,	her	loss—it	would	swallow	me	if	I	let
it.”	He	drained	his	teacup.	“The	wall	hanging	was	a	gift.”	He	smiled	again,	but	there	was
sadness	behind	it	and	Sadie	felt	chagrin	at	knowing	she	was	its	cause.	She	wanted	to	say
sorry,	but	then	they	hadn’t	really	argued,	and	she	felt	criticized	somehow,	and	prickly,	and
that	made	apology	difficult.	She	was	still	deciding	what	to	say	when	he	beat	her	to	it.	“I’m
missing	my	favorite	colander.	I	might	just	pop	upstairs	and	see	if	I	can’t	find	it.”
Sadie	 spent	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 evening	 sitting	 cross-legged	 on	 the	 floor	 of	 her	 room.	 She
struggled	 through	 the	 first	 three	 pages	 of	 “Fictional	 Escap(e)ades,”	 before	 realizing	 the
chapter	on	Daffyd	Llewellyn	was	an	interpretation	of	his	book	rather	than	a	biography	of
the	man	himself,	and	impenetrable	into	the	bargain.	She	turned	instead	to	the	notes	she’d
taken	at	Clive’s,	flicking	between	them	and	the	Edevane	sisters’	little	newspapers.	She’d
been	thinking	about	Clive’s	certainty	that	Alice	held	the	key,	and	that	had	brought	her	to

the	engraving	she’d	found	that	afternoon	in	the	stone.	She	had	a	vague	feeling	she’d	come
across	 the	 name	 Ben	 somewhere	 over	 the	 past	 day,	 but	 couldn’t	 for	 the	 life	 of	 her
remember	where.
Rain	 slid	 down	 the	 windowpanes,	 the	 sweet	 scent	 of	 pipe	 smoke	 seeped	 through	 the
ceiling,	and	Sadie	cast	her	gaze	over	the	sprawl	of	pages,	scribbled	notes	and	books	spread
across	the	floor	before	her.	Somewhere,	within	the	mess,	she	just	knew	there	were	details
itching	to	connect,	she	could	feel	it.	Never	mind	that	it	looked	like	anarchy	in	paper	form.
With	 a	 deep	 sigh,	 she	 extricated	 herself	 from	 her	 research	 and	 climbed	 into	 bed.	 She
opened	A	Dish	Served	Cold	and	read	for	a	while	in	an	attempt	to	clear	her	mind.	Turned
out	the	restaurateur	had	indeed	been	murdered,	and	it	was	looking	increasingly	likely	the
man’s	ex-wife	had	done	it.	Twenty	years	they’d	been	divorced,	decades	in	which	the	man
had	 built	 his	 career	 and	 fortune,	 while	 his	 ex-wife	 devoted	 herself	 to	 the	 care	 of	 their
disabled	daughter.	Her	own	career	aspirations	had	been	sacrificed	along	with	her	freedom,
but	she	loved	their	daughter	and	the	arrangement	had	seemed	amiable	enough.
The	 trigger,	 it	 transpired—Sadie	 turned	 the	 pages	 faster	 now—was	 the	 man’s	 casual
announcement	that	he	was	going	away	for	a	fortnight’s	holiday	to	South	America.	All	her
life,	 his	 ex-wife	 had	 nursed	 ambitions	 to	 visit	 Machu	 Picchu,	 but	 her	 daughter	 couldn’t
accompany	 her	 and	 wouldn’t	 be	 left	 alone.	 That	 her	 ex-husband—a	 man	 who’d	 always
found	himself	far	too	busy	and	important	to	help	with	their	child’s	care—was	now	poised
to	 live	 out	 her	 great	 dream	 was	 more	 than	 the	 woman	 could	 take.	 Decades	 of	 maternal
grief,	 the	 isolation	 felt	 by	 all	 carers,	 the	 sublimation	 of	 a	 lifetime’s	 worth	 of	 personal
desires	 had	 snowballed,	 leading	 the	 otherwise	 mild-mannered	 woman	 to	 an	 inevitable
conclusion	that	her	ex-husband	must	be	prevented	from	making	the	trip.
Surprised,	satisfied,	and	strangely	invigorated,	Sadie	turned	off	the	light	and	closed	her
eyes,	listening	to	the	storm	and	the	choppy	sea,	the	dogs	dreaming	and	snorting	on	the	end
of	 her	 bed.	 A.	 C.	 Edevane	 had	 an	 interesting	 take	 on	 morality.	 Her	 detective	 had
discovered	the	truth	about	the	man’s	seemingly	natural	death	but	chosen	not	to	disclose	it
to	police.	His	duty	as	a	private	detective,	Diggory	Brent	reasoned,	had	been	to	meet	his
brief	by	discovering	where	the	money	trail	led.	He	had	done	that.	No	one	had	asked	him	to
look	into	the	manner	of	the	restaurateur’s	death;	it	wasn’t	even	considered	suspicious.	The
man’s	 ex-wife	 had	 shouldered	 an	 enormous	 burden	 for	 a	 long	 time	 and	 for	 very	 little
recompense;	if	she	were	to	be	arrested,	the	daughter	would	be	very	much	the	worse	off.
Diggory	decided	he	would	say	nothing	and	let	justice	take	its	course	without	him.
Sadie	remembered	Clive’s	description	of	a	young	Alice	Edevane	skulking	around	the
library	while	police	investigations	were	under	way,	his	sense	that	she’d	known	more	than
she	was	letting	on	and	his	more	recent	hunch	(somewhat	desperate)	that	one	of	her	books
might	reveal	a	clue.	A	Dish	Served	Cold	might	not	mirror	the	events	of	Theo	Edevane’s
disappearance,	but	it	certainly	suggested	that	Alice	had	a	nuanced	outlook	on	matters	of
justice	and	its	course.	The	novel	had	rather	a	lot	to	say	about	the	complicated	relationship
between	parents	and	children,	too,	describing	the	bond	as	both	a	burden	and	a	privilege;	an
inextricable	link,	for	better	or	for	worse.	Evidently	Alice	did	not	look	kindly	on	those	who
shirked	their	responsibilities.

Sadie	tried	to	sleep,	but	she	wasn’t	a	good	sleeper	at	the	best	of	times	and	thoughts	of
Rose	 Waters	 intruded.	 It	 was	 all	 the	 stuff	 about	 parenting	 and	 devotion	 and	 the
commitment	of	carers,	she	supposed.	The	love	the	nanny	had	shown	towards	Theo,	“like
he	was	her	own”;	her	spotless	employment	record	and	the	sudden,	“unfair”	dismissal	that
had	 left	 her	 devastated;	 the	 eyewitness	 who’d	 sworn	 she	 saw	 a	 slim	 woman’s	 figure
moving	in	the	nursery	after	midnight	.	.	.
With	 a	 huff,	 Sadie	 rolled	 over	 and	 tried	 to	 clear	 her	 mind.	 An	 image	 came	 to	 her
unbidden	of	the	Edevane	family	picnic.	The	husband	and	wife	at	the	center,	the	loved	little
boy	in	the	foreground,	that	slender	ankle	and	leg	in	the	shadows.	She	heard	Clive’s	voice
telling	her	how	wanted	the	little	boy	had	been,	how	long	the	Edevanes	had	waited	for	him,
and	 she	 thought	 about	 the	 1939	 interview	 with	 Constance	 deShiel,	 in	 which	 the	 old
woman	 was	 said	 to	 have	 “rambled	 on	 about	 Eleanor	 and	 a	 stillborn	 child.”	 Perhaps	 it
hadn’t	 been	 a	 figment	 of	 her	 addled	 imagination	 after	 all.	 Maybe	 Eleanor	 had	 been
pregnant	between	Clementine	and	Theo.	“It	was	no	secret	they’d	wanted	a	son,”	one	of	the
interviews	 in	 Clive’s	 file	 had	 read.	 “It	 was	 such	 a	 blessing	 when	 they	 had	 him.	 So
unexpected.”
Sadie	opened	her	eyes	in	the	dark.	Something	else	was	flagging	her	attention.
She	turned	on	the	light	and	leaned	over	the	side	of	the	bed,	riffling	through	the	papers
on	 the	 floor	 for	 the	 page	 she	 was	 after.	 It	 was	 one	 of	 the	 little	 newspapers	 written	 and
produced	by	the	Edevane	sisters	on	the	old	printing	press.	She	was	sure	she	remembered
reading	something	about	Nanny	Rose.
There	it	was.
She	took	the	old	pages	up	into	bed	with	her.	An	article	by	Alice,	detailing	Clementine
Edevane’s	punishment	for	having	referred	to	Nanny	Rose	as	fat.	Sadie	checked	the	date,
did	 a	 quick	 mental	 calculation,	 and	 then	 jumped	 out	 of	 bed	 to	 get	 her	 notebook.	 She
scrabbled	 through	 the	 pages	 until	 she	 came	 to	 her	 notes	 outlining	 Rose	 Waters’s
employment	 record—in	 particular,	 her	 absence	 of	 a	 month	 in	 July	 1932	 when	 she	 was
called	away	on	“a	family	matter.”	The	dates	matched.
Sadie	looked	through	the	window—the	moonlit	cliffs,	the	turbulent	inky	sea,	lightning
on	 the	 horizon—trying	 to	 straighten	 her	 thoughts.	 Clive	 had	 said,	 Why	 would	 a	 parent
kidnap	their	own	child?	He’d	been	talking	about	Anthony	and	Eleanor	Edevane,	and	the
question	had	been	rhetorical,	a	joke,	because	of	course	parents	didn’t	need	to	kidnap	their
own	children.	They	already	had	them.
But	what	about	in	cases	where	they	didn’t?
Sadie’s	 face	 was	 pulsing	 warm.	 A	 new	 scenario	 was	 forming.	 She	 could	 think	 of	 a
reason	why	a	parent	might	kidnap	their	own	child.
Details	 folded	 into	 place,	 as	 if	 they	 belonged	 together,	 as	 if	 they’d	 been	 waiting	 for
someone.	A	maid	in	trouble	.	.	.	A	little	boy	in	need	of	a	home	.	.	.	A	mistress	who	couldn’t
have	her	own	child	.	.	.
It	had	been	a	solution	that	suited	everybody.	Until	suddenly	it	didn’t.

17
LONDON,	2003

The	message	was	curt,	even	by	Alice’s	standards.	She	had	gone	out,	she	would	be	back
later.	Peter	pondered	the	piece	of	paper—he	couldn’t	bring	himself	to	call	it	a	note—and
wondered	what	it	meant.	Alice’s	behavior	lately	had	been	odd.	She’d	been	prickly,	even
more	so	than	usual,	and	very	distracted.	Peter	suspected	things	weren’t	going	well	with	the
new	 book,	 beyond	 the	 typical	 authorial	 angst	 he’d	 come	 to	 expect,	 and	 that	 Alice’s
creative	problems	were	a	symptom	rather	than	the	cause	of	her	troubles.
He	 had	 a	 feeling	 he	 knew	 the	 cause.	 Her	 face	 when	 he’d	 relayed	 Deborah’s	 phone
message	on	Friday	had	drained	of	color,	and	her	reaction,	the	slight	quiver	in	her	voice,
had	 reminded	 him	 of	 earlier	 in	 the	 week	 when	 the	 letter	 from	 the	 detective	 had	 arrived,
asking	about	the	old	unsolved	police	case.	The	two	things	were	connected,	Peter	was	sure
of	it.	Furthermore,	he	was	convinced	they	related	to	the	real-life	crime	in	Alice’s	family’s
past.	He	knew	now	about	the	little	boy,	about	Theo.	Alice	had	tried	to	conceal	her	shock
when	 the	 letter	 arrived,	 but	 Peter	 had	 noticed	 the	 way	 her	 hands	 started	 to	 shake,	 how
she’d	hidden	them	beneath	the	table	where	he	couldn’t	see.	The	reaction,	combined	with
her	vehement	denial	of	the	letter’s	contents,	had	piqued	his	interest	sufficiently	that	when
he	 was	 sitting	 at	 his	 home	 computer	 that	 night,	 he	 found	 himself	 typing	 Edevane	 and
missing	child	into	the	internet	search	engine.	That’s	how	he	knew	Alice’s	baby	brother	had
disappeared	in	1933	and	never	been	found.
What	he	didn’t	know	was	why	on	earth	she’d	lie	about	it,	and	why	the	whole	affair	had
her	so	rattled.	He’d	arrived	for	work	one	morning	and	found	her	passed	out	in	an	armchair
in	 the	 library.	 His	 heart	 had	 thumped	 and	 for	 a	 split	 second	 he’d	 feared	 the	 worst.	 He’d
been	on	the	verge	of	administering	uncertain	CPR	when	she	emitted	a	spluttery	snore	and
he	realized	she	was	sleeping.	Alice	Edevane	did	not	take	naps.	Peter	would	have	been	less
surprised	 had	 he	 opened	 the	 door	 and	 found	 her	 belly-dancing	 in	 coin-rimmed	 silken
robes.	 She’d	 woken	 with	 a	 jolt	 and	 he’d	 slipped	 back	 into	 the	 hall	 so	 they	 could	 both
pretend	 he	 hadn’t	 seen.	 He’d	 made	 a	 noisy	 show	 of	 removing	 his	 shoes	 and	 given	 the
coatrack	an	extra	shake	for	good	measure,	before	returning	to	find	her	reading	over	a	draft
chapter,	 red	 pen	 in	 hand.	 And	 now	 this.	 An	 unexpected	 break	 from	 routine.	 Only	 Alice
Edevane	did	not	break	routine,	not	once	in	the	three	years	he’d	been	working	for	her.
The	 unexpected	 turn	 of	 events	 was	 perplexing,	 but	 it	 did	 at	 least	 give	 him	 an
opportunity	to	finish	the	website	FAQ	page.	Alice’s	publishers	had	been	in	contact	again,
patience	straining	as	the	publication	date	drew	nearer,	and	Peter	had	promised	he’d	have
the	final	content	to	them	by	the	end	of	the	week.	He	would,	too.	All	that	remained	was	to
ascertain	whether	or	not	Alice	had	written	a	manuscript	before	In	the	Blink	of	an	Eye.	The
Yorkshire	Post	article	from	1956	that	he	wanted	to	crib	his	answer	from	quoted	Alice	as
saying	she’d	written	an	entire	mystery	novel,	her	first,	in	the	notebook	she’d	received	for

her	fifteenth	birthday,	and	Peter	figured	it	would	be	simple	enough	to	confirm.	Alice	was
pathological	about	her	notebooks;	she	never	went	anywhere	without	the	current	one	and
she	kept	all	of	them,	without	exception,	on	a	set	of	shelves	in	her	writing	room.	All	he	had
to	do	was	check.
He	started	up	the	stairs,	caught	himself	whistling	self-consciously,	and	stopped.	There
was	no	need	for	an	outward	show	of	innocence.	Only	guilty	people	did	that	and	there	was
nothing	untoward	in	what	he	was	doing.	Entry	to	Alice’s	office	was	not	forbidden;	at	least,
nothing	had	ever	been	said	to	that	effect.	Peter	didn’t	ordinarily	go	in	there,	but	that	was
merely	 a	 matter	 of	 circumstance.	 The	 opportunity	 rarely	 arose.	 They	 always	 held	 their
meetings	in	the	library,	and	Peter	worked	at	the	large	kitchen	table	or,	sometimes,	in	the
spare	room	that	had	long	ago	been	given	over	to	files.
It	was	a	hot	day	and	sun	streamed	through	the	narrow	window	at	the	top	of	the	stairs.
Warm	air	had	risen	up	the	stairwell,	pooling	on	the	landing	with	nowhere	else	to	go,	and
Peter	was	glad	to	open	the	door	to	Alice’s	dim,	cool	writing	room	and	slip	inside.
As	 expected,	 on	 the	 shelf	 beneath	 all	 her	 international	 first	 editions,	 he	 found	 the
notebooks.	The	first	was	small	and	thin,	clad	in	brown	leather	that	had	softened	and	faded
with	 time.	 Peter	 opened	 the	 cover	 and	 saw,	 on	 the	 yellowing	 frontispiece,	 the	 careful,
rounded	penmanship	of	a	conscientious	child.	Alice	Cecilia	Edevane,	age	8	years	old.	He
smiled.	 The	 handwritten	 line	 offered	 a	 glimpse	 of	 the	 Alice	 he	 knew—confident,
formidable,	set	in	her	ways—as	a	diligent	young	girl	with	her	whole	life	ahead	of	her.	He
returned	the	notebook	and	counted	lightly	along	the	row.	By	his	calculations,	the	book	he
was	looking	for	was	the	one	she’d	received	in	1932	and	used	into	the	following	year.	He
stopped	and	took	a	rather	larger	volume	from	the	shelf.
Peter	knew	at	once	something	was	amiss.	The	notebook	was	far	too	light	for	its	size,
and	too	thin	in	his	hand.	Sure	enough,	when	he	opened	it,	half	the	pages	were	gone,	only	a
thick	 fringe	 of	 rough	 stubs	 remaining	 where	 they’d	 been	 torn.	 He	 confirmed	 that	 it	 was
indeed	the	book	from	1932–33,	and	ran	his	finger	thoughtfully	down	the	tattered	ends.	In
and	 of	 itself	 it	 meant	 nothing.	 As	 Peter	 understood	 it,	 plenty	 of	 teenage	 girls	 tore	 pages
from	their	diaries.	Only	this	wasn’t	a	diary	per	se,	it	was	a	notebook.	And	it	wasn’t	a	few
pages;	 more	 than	 half	 the	 book	 was	 missing.	 Enough	 for	 the	 draft	 of	 a	 novel?	 That
depended	on	the	novel’s	length.
Peter	skimmed	through	the	early	extant	pages.	The	peculiarity	of	the	find	had	attached
an	air	of	unease	to	the	task	and	he	felt	suddenly	like	a	thief.	He	reminded	himself	he	was
merely	doing	his	job.	That	this	was	what	Alice	paid	him	to	do.	I	don’t	want	to	know	about
it,	she’d	said	when	she	told	him	to	get	on	with	the	website.	Just	make	it	happen.	Simply
find	the	answer,	he	told	himself,	then	put	the	book	back	and	be	done	with	it.
The	early	pages	looked	promising.	They	appeared	to	be	filled	with	observations	of	her
family	 (Peter	 smiled	 when	 he	 recognized	 Alice’s	 description	 of	 her	 grandmother—“a
skeleton	in	the	ashes	of	a	rich	dress”—as	a	quote	from	Great	Expectations),	and	ideas	for
a	novel	about	people	called	Laura	and	Lord	Hallington,	who	were	involved	in	a	terribly
complicated	 love	 affair.	 There	 were	 also	 frequent	 references	 to	 a	 person	 called	 Mr.
Llewellyn,	 who	 Peter	 gathered	 was	 the	 published	 writer	 Alice	 had	 mentioned	 in	 her
interview,	her	childhood	mentor.

But	then	the	plotting	came	to	an	abrupt	halt,	abandoned,	it	seemed,	for	a	numerical	list
titled	 The	 Rules	 According	 to	 Mr.	 Ronald	 Knox,	 Adapted	 from	 the	 Preface	 to	 Best
Detective	Stories.
The	 list	 of	 rules,	 though	 old-fashioned	 and	 didactic	 by	 today’s	 standards,	 seemed	 to
usher	in	a	new	era	of	Alice’s	creative	life,	for	afterwards	there	was	no	further	mention	of
Laura	 and	 Lord	 Hallington	 (or	 of	 Mr.	 Llewellyn,	 for	 that	 matter),	 their	 childish
interactions	 replaced	 by	 more	 general	 musings	 on	 life	 and	 love,	 earnest	 and	 touchingly
idealistic	in	their	naïve	tone	of	optimism.
Peter	glanced	quickly	through	Alice’s	teenage	exhortations	on	the	purpose	of	literature,
her	 attempts	 to	 replicate	 the	 ecstatic	 descriptions	 of	 nature	 in	 the	 Romantic	 poems	 she
cited	as	favorites,	her	eager	articulation	of	her	aspirations	for	the	future:	to	desire	fewer
possessions	 and	 to	 possess	 greater	 love.	 He	 was	 beginning	 to	 feel	 uncomfortably
voyeuristic,	ready	almost	to	give	up	the	search,	when	he	came	across	something	that	made
him	start.	The	initials	BM	had	begun	to	appear	in	Alice’s	jottings.	According	to	BM	.	.	.,
BM	 says	 .	 .	 .	 ,	 I	 will	 ask	 BM	 .	 .	 .	 Anyone	 else	 might	 not	 have	 remembered	 the	 name
Deborah	had	asked	him	to	pass	on	to	Alice	in	her	phone	message,	but	Peter	had	gone	to
school	with	a	boy	called	Benjamin	and	the	two	of	them	had	worked	a	paper	round	for	a
shopkeeper	 called	 Mr.	 Munro,	 so	 when	 Deborah	 said	 the	 name,	 the	 coincidence	 had
cemented	the	name	in	Peter’s	mind.	Benjamin	Munro,	the	man	whose	mention	had	made
Alice	pale.
Around	the	same	time	references	to	“BM”	began	to	pepper	the	journal,	Alice	appeared
to	 start	 plotting	 a	 new	 novel.	 A	 mystery,	 this	 time,	 a	 proper	 detective	 story	 with	 an
ingenious	method	that	no	one	will	ever	guess!	Planning	continued	over	the	next	few	pages,
arrows	and	scribbled	questions	and	hastily	sketched	maps	and	diagrams—techniques	that
were	familiar	from	her	current	notebooks—and	then	an	entry	dated	April	1933:	I	am	going
to	 start	 BBB	 first	 thing	 tomorrow.	 I	 already	 have	 the	 first	 and	 last	 lines	 in	 mind,	 and	 a
clear	idea	of	everything	that	needs	to	happen	in	between	(thanks,	in	part,	to	BM).	I	know
this	is	going	to	be	the	one	I’ll	finish.	It	already	feels	different	from	everything	I’ve	written
before.	Whether	or	not	she	started	BBB,	and	whether	or	not	she	finished,	Peter	couldn’t
say.	 Beneath	 her	 mission	 statement,	 something	 had	 been	 scribbled	 out	 with	 such
vehemence	that	a	hole	had	been	torn	in	the	paper,	and	then	there	was	nothing.	The	rest	of
the	pages	had	been	removed.
Why	would	Alice	have	expunged	the	draft	of	a	novel?	She	who	was	meticulous,	almost
superstitious,	 about	 keeping	 everything	 that	 contributed	 to	 the	 creation	 of	 a	 book.	 “A
writer	 never	 destroys	 her	 work!”	 she’d	 told	 the	 BBC.	 “Even	 if	 she	 loathes	 it.	 To	 do	 so
would	 be	 akin	 to	 denying	 the	 existence	 of	 an	 awkward	 child.”	 Peter	 stood	 up	 and
stretched,	glancing	through	the	window	that	overlooked	the	heath.	It	might	mean	nothing.
They	 were	 missing	 pages	 in	 a	 teenage	 journal.	 Pages	 written	 seventy	 years	 before.	 But
Peter	 couldn’t	 shake	 the	 feeling	 of	 unease	 that	 had	 crept	 upon	 him.	 Alice’s	 recent
behavior,	 the	 way	 she’d	 denied	 the	 old	 police	 case,	 her	 shock	 when	 he’d	 given	 her
Deborah’s	 message,	 when	 he’d	 spoken	 the	 name	 Benjamin	 Munro.	 Even	 the	 small
inexplicable	mystery	as	to	why	she’d	started	telling	journalists	she’d	never	written	before
her	first	published	novel.	Something	was	going	on	and	Alice	was	worried.

Peter	slipped	the	notebook	back	into	place,	taking	extra	care	to	do	so	quietly,	as	if	that
might	somehow	erase	the	fact	that	he’d	ever	taken	it	off	the	shelf	and	looked	inside.	He’d
decided	simply	to	omit	the	question	about	Alice’s	first	completed	work	of	fiction	from	the
FAQ	page.	He	wished	he’d	done	that	at	the	start	instead	of	coming	up	here	and	opening
Pandora’s	box.
Perhaps	 it	 was	 his	 haste	 to	 leave	 the	 attic	 and	 put	 the	 whole	 thing	 behind	 him	 that
caused	 him	 to	 trip	 over	 the	 lamp.	 Perhaps	 it	 was	 simply	 his	 usual	 gift	 for	 clumsiness.
Whatever	 the	 case,	 the	 lamp	 was	 tall	 and	 freestanding,	 and	 Peter	 sent	 the	 whole	 thing
teetering	 sideways	 to	 land	 against	 Alice’s	 desk.	 A	 glass,	 thankfully	 empty,	 was	 bowled
over,	and	Peter	was	setting	it	back	to	rights	when	he	saw	the	envelope	addressed	to	Alice.
This,	in	and	of	itself,	was	not	unusual;	they	were	in	Alice’s	home,	after	all.	However,	the
post	 was	 Peter’s	 remit	 and	 this	 was	 a	 letter	 he	 had	 not	 seen.	 Which	 meant	 it	 had	 been
intercepted	from	the	morning’s	pile	without	his	knowledge.
Peter	 hesitated,	 but	 only	 briefly.	 He	 was	 fond	 of	 Alice.	 They	 weren’t	 exactly	 on	 a
grandmother-grandson	 footing,	 but	 he	 cared	 for	 her,	 and	 in	 light	 of	 everything	 else	 that
was	going	on	he	felt	a	responsibility	to	her.	He	opened	the	letter,	just	enough	to	see	who	it
was	from.	Sadie	Sparrow.	It	wasn’t	the	sort	of	name	a	person	with	a	predilection	for	words
forgot	and	Peter	remembered	at	once	the	letter	that	had	arrived	exactly	a	week	before.	The
police	 detective	 investigating	 the	 old	 case	 of	 a	 missing	 child.	 The	 case	 from	 1933,	 the
same	 year	 BM	 made	 his	 appearance	 in	 Alice’s	 journal	 and	 the	 disputed	 manuscript	 had
been	(presumably)	torn	out.	Peter	experienced	the	grim	sense	of	pieces	of	a	puzzle	coming
together,	 while	 remaining	 frustratingly	 in	 the	 dark	 as	 to	 what	 that	 puzzle’s	 picture
revealed.	He	tapped	his	fingers	against	his	lips,	considering,	and	then	glanced	again	at	the
thin	sheet	of	paper	folded	on	the	desk.	This	really	was	snooping.	It	most	certainly	wasn’t
part	 of	 his	 job	 description.	 Peter	 had	 a	 sense	 of	 himself	 perched	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 a	 cliff,
deciding	whether	to	jump	or	retreat.	With	a	shake	of	his	head,	he	sat	down	and	began	to
read.
Alice	decided	to	walk	through	the	park.	The	fresh	air,	she	told	herself	with	more	than	a
little	 constitutional	 irony,	 would	 do	 her	 good.	 She	 hopped	 off	 the	 Tube	 at	 Hyde	 Park
Corner	and	rode	the	escalator	to	the	surface.	It	was	much	warmer	today	than	it	had	been
earlier	in	the	week.	The	air	was	still	and	the	heat	thick,	that	particular	kind	of	city	heat	that
seemed	to	magnify	in	the	spaces	between	tarmac	and	building.	The	Tube	lines,	with	their
seething	 serpents	 hissing	 through	 the	 tunnels,	 belching	 out	 sweaty	 commuters	 at	 each
station,	were	like	something	out	of	Dante.	She	started	along	Rotten	Row,	taking	assiduous
note	of	the	rose	gardens	and	the	faint	scent	of	lilac,	as	if	she	really	were	walking	because
she	fancied	being	alone	with	nature,	and	not	simply	to	put	off	a	little	longer	the	awful	task
she	knew	was	ahead.
It	 was	 Deborah	 who’d	 forced	 today’s	 meeting.	 Alice,	 after	 Peter	 gave	 her	 the	 phone
message	 on	 Friday	 (the	 horrific	 chill	 of	 hearing	 her	 assistant	 speak	 Benjamin	 Munro’s
name!),	 had	 decided	 the	 best	 course	 of	 action	 was	 denial.	 There	 was	 no	 reason	 she	 and
Deborah	 needed	 to	 see	 one	 another	 over	 the	 coming	 months.	 Eleanor’s	 anniversary	 had
been	and	gone,	the	next	family	gathering	wasn’t	until	Christmas,	which	left	plenty	of	time
for	the	whole	thing	to	blow	over.	For	Alice	to	make	sure	it	blew	over.	But	Deborah	had

been	insistent,	employing	that	particular	brand	of	gentle	force	she’d	always	wielded	as	the
eldest	 sister	 and	 further	 mastered	 during	 her	 decades	 as	 a	 politician’s	 wife.	 “There	 are
things	we	simply	must	discuss.”
Whatever	 the	 extent	 of	 Deborah’s	 knowledge	 about	 Theo,	 she’d	 evidently	 traveled	 a
considerable	 distance	 down	 memory	 lane,	 arriving	 at	 a	 place	 that	 made	 Alice	 very
nervous.	How	much,	she	wondered,	did	Deborah	know?	She	remembered	Ben,	but	did	she
know	what	Alice	had	done?	She	must.	Why	else	would	she	insist	they	meet	to	talk	about
the	past?
“Do	 you	 remember	 Nanny	 Rose?”	 Deborah	 had	 said	 before	 ringing	 off.	 “Strange,
wasn’t	 it,	 how	 she	 left	 so	 suddenly.”	 Alice	 had	 felt	 the	 closing-in	 of	 walls	 she’d	 been
holding	 back	 for	 a	 very	 long	 time.	 Extraordinary	 the	 way	 it	 was	 all	 happening	 at	 once.
(Though	in	truth	it	was	she,	Alice,	who’d	triggered	Deborah’s	interest,	with	her	questions
at	the	museum.	If	only	she’d	kept	her	mouth	shut.)	Just	that	morning,	Alice	had	received	a
third	 letter	 from	 the	 detective,	 more	 brusque	 than	 the	 others	 and	 with	 a	 single	 worrying
development.	This	Sparrow	person	was	now	seeking	permission	to	go	inside	the	house	“to
test	a	theory.”
Alice	stopped	walking	as	a	dragonfly	hovered	close.	Yellow-winged	darter.	The	name
came	 to	 mind	 of	 its	 own	 accord.	 She	 watched	 as	 the	 insect	 flickered	 towards	 a	 nearby
garden	 bed,	 a	 spectacular	 tangle	 of	 summer	 flowers,	 red,	 mauve,	 and	 brilliant	 orange.
Gardens	 really	 were	 a	 balm.	 A	 bee	 vacillated	 between	 blooms	 and	 Alice	 experienced	 a
sudden	flash	of	all-body	memory.	They	came	often	lately.	She	could	feel	what	it	would	be
like	 to	 creep	 into	 that	 garden,	 her	 body	 lithe	 and	 ache-free,	 to	 snake	 beneath	 the	 cool
foliage	 and	 lie	 on	 her	 back	 so	 that	 the	 sky	 broke	 into	 bright	 blue	 diamonds	 through	 the
branches	and	her	ears	were	filled	with	the	choir	of	insect	life.
She	didn’t,	of	course.	She	continued	along	the	path,	leaving	the	garden	and	the	strange
flash	of	memory	behind	her.	It	could	only	be	the	tunnel,	she	thought,	this	theory	of	Sadie
Sparrow’s.	 She	 must	 have	 learned	 somehow	 of	 the	 second	 tunnel.	 Alice	 waited	 to	 feel
panic	but	instead	was	visited	only	by	a	dull	sense	of	resignation.	It	had	been	inevitable,
she’d	always	known	that.	One	of	the	biggest	pieces	of	luck	in	the	whole	event	had	been
the	failure	(up	to	this	point)	of	anyone	to	mention	the	tunnel	to	the	police.	Because	Alice
hadn’t	been	the	only	one	who’d	known	about	it	in	1933.	There	were	others.	Her	parents,
her	 sisters,	 Grandmother	 deShiel,	 and	 Nanny	 Rose,	 who’d	 had	 to	 be	 told	 the	 winter
Clemmie	managed	to	get	herself	stuck	behind	its	tricky	latch.
Alice	slowed	down	as	she	reached	the	part	of	Rotten	Row	where	the	path	branched	off
to	 form	 a	 bridge	 across	 the	 Serpentine.	 Beyond	 the	 water	 was	 the	 great	 green	 stretch	 of
Hyde	 Park.	 Alice	 could	 never	 look	 at	 it	 without	 thinking	 of	 the	 Second	 World	 War.
There’d	 been	 sandbags	 then,	 and	 vegetables	 in	 rows,	 the	 whole	 expanse	 given	 over	 to
productive	 purpose.	 It	 seemed	 a	 rather	 quaint	 idea	 now,	 a	 harking	 back	 to	 the	 medieval
past,	as	if	a	starving,	bomb-battered	nation	might	somehow	be	fed	with	the	pickings	from
His	Majesty’s	royal	vegetable	patch.	At	the	time	it	had	seemed	eminently	sensible;	more
than	that,	it	had	seemed	vital.	Their	boys	were	dying	in	foreign	lands	and	bombs	rained
down	on	London	at	night	and	supply	ships	were	being	obliterated	by	U-boats	before	they
could	dock,	but	the	people	of	Britain	would	not	be	starved	out.	They	would	win	the	war,
one	vegetable	patch	at	a	time.

At	 the	 Imperial	 War	 Museum	 some	 years	 ago,	 Alice	 had	 overheard	 a	 couple	 of
schoolboys	sniggering	at	a	poster	of	Potato	Pete	boasting	that	he	made	a	good	soup.	The
boys	were	lagging	behind	their	classmates	and	when	the	teacher	chastised	them,	the	taller
one	looked	as	if	he	might	cry.	Alice	had	felt	a	ripple	of	schadenfreude.	Why	was	it	that	so
much	of	the	paraphernalia	left	over	from	the	war	made	it	seem	as	if	it	had	been	polite	or
quaint	or	mannerly,	when	in	fact	it	had	been	fierce	and	deadly?	People	had	been	different
back	 then,	 more	 stoical.	 There	 was	 far	 less	 talk	 of	 one’s	 emotions.	 People	 were	 taught
from	 childhood	 not	 to	 cry	 when	 they	 were	 hurt,	 to	 be	 good	 losers,	 not	 to	 acknowledge
fears.	Even	Nanny	Rose,	who	was	sweetness	personified,	would	have	frowned	to	see	tears
when	she	poured	iodine	onto	scrapes	and	scratches.	Children	were	expected	to	face	their
fate	when	it	came	for	them.	Very	useful	skills,	as	it	turned	out,	during	wartime;	indeed,	as
they	were	in	life.
The	Edevane	women	had	all	pitched	in	when	war	broke	out.	Clemmie	joined	the	ATA,
moving	 planes	 between	 bases	 for	 the	 RAF;	 Alice	 drove	 a	 hearse-turned-ambulance
through	the	bomb-broken	streets;	and	Deborah	corralled	busy	volunteers	in	the	WVS.	But
it	was	Eleanor	who	surprised	them	all.	Deborah	and	Alice	had	urged	their	parents	to	seek
shelter	in	the	country,	but	their	mother	had	refused.	“We’ll	stay	here	and	do	our	bit,”	she’d
said.	“We	wouldn’t	think	of	skiving	off,	and	you’re	not	to	suggest	it.	If	it’s	good	enough
for	the	King	and	Queen,	it’s	good	enough	for	us.	Isn’t	that	right,	darling?”	She’d	smiled	at
their	 father,	 who	 was	 already	 suffering	 with	 the	 pleurisy	 that	 would	 kill	 him,	 and	 he’d
squeezed	 her	 hand	 in	 solidarity.	 And	 then	 she’d	 taken	 up	 arms	 with	 the	 Red	 Cross,
bicycling	around	the	East	End	offering	medical	assistance	to	mothers	and	children	who’d
been	bombed	out	of	their	homes.
Sometimes	Alice	saw	the	city	as	a	map	in	her	mind,	with	pins	dropped	in	all	the	places
to	which	she	could	claim	a	connection.	That	map	was	covered,	the	pins	piling	up	on	top	of
one	another.	It	was	quite	a	thing	to	spend	the	majority	of	one’s	life	in	the	same	place.	To
acquire	countless	memories	that	layered	in	one’s	mind	so	that	certain	geographic	locations
gained	 an	 identity.	 Place	 was	 so	 important	 to	 Alice’s	 experience	 of	 the	 world	 that	 she
wondered	sometimes	how	nomadic	people	gauged	the	passing	of	time.	How	did	they	mark
and	 measure	 their	 progress	 if	 not	 against	 a	 constant	 that	 was	 so	 much	 bigger	 and	 more
enduring	than	they	were?	Perhaps	they	didn’t.	Perhaps	they	were	happier	for	the	lack.
One	of	the	things	that	had	most	intrigued	her	about	Ben	was	his	itinerant	nature.	There
were	countless	people	made	homeless	after	the	First	World	War,	sad	men	whose	presence
in	streets	all	over	Britain,	holding	signs	that	asked	for	work	or	food	or	money,	cast	a	pall
over	 the	 decade.	 Alice	 and	 her	 sisters	 were	 told	 to	 give	 when	 they	 could	 and	 never	 to
stare;	they	were	taught	to	pity.	Ben	wasn’t	like	those	displaced	soldiers,	though.	He	was
the	first	person	Alice	had	met	who	lived	that	way	by	choice.	Moving	from	job	to	job,	with
no	 more	 possessions	 than	 what	 he	 could	 carry	 in	 his	 pack.	 “I’m	 a	 wanderer,”	 he’d	 said
with	a	smile	and	a	shrug.	“My	father	used	to	say	there	was	Gypsy	blood	on	my	mother’s
side.”	For	Alice,	whose	grandmother	had	always	had	plenty	to	say	about	the	Gypsies	and
vagrants	who	passed	through	the	woods	near	Loeanneth,	the	concept	was	anathema.	She
had	grown	up	grounded	in	the	sureness	and	solidity	of	her	family’s	history.	The	legacy	of
her	father’s	people,	their	story	of	hard	work	and	enterprise,	the	building	of	the	Edevane
empire;	 and	 her	 mother’s	 family,	 with	 its	 deep	 roots	 in	 the	 plot	 of	 land	 they	 still	 called
home.	 Even	 Eleanor	 and	 Anthony’s	 feted	 love	 story	 centered	 around	 his	 rescue	 and

restoration	of	Loeanneth.	Alice	had	always	thought	it	a	terribly	noble	story,	gladly	taking
on	 her	 mother’s	 passion	 for	 the	 Lake	 House.	 She’d	 never	 imagined	 there	 was	 any	 other
way	for	a	person	to	live.
But	 Ben	 was	 different,	 and	 he	 made	 her	 see	 things	 differently.	 He	 had	 no	 desire	 to
possess	 things	 or	 to	 accumulate	 wealth.	 It	 was	 enough,	 he	 said,	 that	 he	 was	 able	 to	 get
himself	from	one	place	to	the	next.	His	parents	had	worked	on	archaeological	digs	in	the
Far	East	when	he	was	a	boy	and	he’d	realized	then	that	the	possessions	people	coveted	in
the	 fleeting	 present	 were	 destined	 to	 disappear;	 if	 not	 to	 turn	 to	 dirt,	 then	 to	 lie	 buried
beneath	 it,	 awaiting	 the	 curiosity	 of	 future	 generations.	 His	 father	 had	 unearthed	 many
such	items,	he	said,	beautiful	objects	that	would	once	have	been	fought	over.	“And	they	all
ended	up	lost	or	discarded,	the	people	who’d	owned	them	dead	and	gone.	All	that	matters
to	me	are	people	and	experience.	Connection—that’s	the	thing.	That	flicker	of	electricity
between	 people,	 the	 invisible	 tie.”	 Alice	 had	 blushed	 when	 he	 said	 that.	 She’d	 known
exactly	what	he	meant;	she’d	felt	it	too.
Only	 once	 had	 Alice	 heard	 him	 talk	 about	 his	 lack	 of	 money	 with	 unhappiness	 and
regret.	 She	 remembered	 it	 because	 of	 the	 unpleasant	 emotion	 it	 aroused	 in	 her.	 He	 had
grown	 up	 with	 a	 girl,	 he	 said,	 an	 English	 girl,	 a	 few	 years	 older,	 whose	 parents	 were
working	 on	 the	 same	 dig	 as	 his.	 She’d	 taken	 him	 under	 her	 wing,	 being	 thirteen	 to	 his
eight	 years	 old,	 and	 because	 they	 were	 two	 of	 a	 kind,	 together	 in	 a	 strange	 land,	 they’d
bonded	 tightly.	 “I	 was	 a	 little	 bit	 in	 love	 with	 her,	 of	 course,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 laugh.	 “I
thought	she	was	so	pretty	with	her	long	plaits	and	hazel	eyes.”	When	the	girl—Florence
was	her	name	(Flo,	he	called	her,	the	intimacy	of	the	nickname	a	barb	to	Alice)—left	for
England	 with	 her	 parents,	 the	 two	 of	 them	 continued	 to	 write,	 letters	 that	 became	 more
lengthy	 and	 more	 personal	 as	 Ben	 grew	 up.	 Each	 remained	 a	 constant	 in	 the	 other’s
peripatetic	life,	and	when	he	returned	to	Britain,	at	the	age	of	seventeen,	they	reconnected.
She	 was	 married	 by	 then,	 but	 insisted	 he	 stay	 with	 her	 whenever	 he	 passed	 through
London;	they	remained	the	closest	of	friends.	“She’s	the	most	generous	person,”	he	said.
“Fiercely	 loyal,	 very	 kind,	 and	 always	 ready	 to	 laugh.”	 Recently,	 though,	 she	 and	 her
husband	had	fallen	on	hard	times.	They	had	a	business	they’d	struggled	to	start,	putting	all
their	 savings	 together	 and	 working	 themselves	 to	 the	 bone,	 and	 now	 the	 landlord
threatened	to	evict	them.	“They’ve	had	other	difficulties,	too,”	he	said.	“Personal	troubles.
Such	good	people,	Alice,	with	modest	desires.	This	is	the	last	thing	they	need.”	He’d	been
sharpening	the	pruning	shears	when	he	said,	“I’d	do	anything	to	help	them.”	A	new	note
of	frustration	entered	his	tone.	“But	the	only	thing	that	will	make	a	difference	is	money
and	I’ve	no	more	of	that	than	what’s	in	my	pocket.”
The	plight	of	his	friend	made	Ben	bitter,	and	Alice,	helplessly	in	love	by	now,	longed	to
fix	 things	 for	 him.	 At	 the	 same	 time,	 she	 was	 filled	 with	 blackest	 envy	 for	 this	 other
woman	(Flo—how	 she	 hated	 the	 casual	 brevity	 of	 that	 nickname)	 who’d	 played	 such	 a
vital	 role	 in	 his	 life,	 whose	 unhappiness,	 hundreds	 of	 miles	 away	 in	 London,	 had	 the
power	to	blight	his	mood,	right	here	and	now.
But	 time	 has	 a	 funny	 way	 of	 quieting	 even	 the	 most	 intense	 passions.	 Ben	 didn’t
mention	his	friend	again	and	Alice,	who	was	young,	after	all,	and	therefore	self-centered,
let	Flo	and	her	plight	slip	from	memory.	By	the	time	she	told	him	about	the	idea	she’d	had
for	Bye	Baby	Bunting,	three	or	four	months	later,	she’d	quite	forgotten	about	the	time	he

told	 her	 he’d	 do	 anything—anything	 at	 all—to	 get	 the	 money	 necessary	 to	 help	 his
childhood	friend.
On	the	other	side	of	the	Serpentine,	a	child	was	running	towards	the	water.	Alice	faltered
and	then	stopped,	watching	as	the	little	girl	or	boy,	it	was	hard	to	tell,	reached	the	water’s
edge	and	started	tearing	off	small	jagged	pieces	of	bread,	sprinkling	them	from	a	fist	as	a
cluster	of	ducks	gathered.	A	honking	swan	came	quickly,	seizing	the	remaining	bounty	in
one	fell	swoop.	Its	beak	was	sharp	and	near	and	the	child	began	to	cry.	A	parent	came,	as
parents	 do,	 and	 the	 child	 was	 easily	 mollified,	 but	 the	 incident	 put	 Alice	 in	 mind	 of	 the
mallards	at	Loeanneth,	so	greedy	and	bold.	She	wondered	if	they	were	still	there,	and	the
wondering	put	a	catch	in	her	throat.	That	happened	sometimes.	After	years	of	determined
denial,	a	wave	of	brutal	curiosity	that	was	almost	breathtaking	would	come	upon	her,	to
know	about	the	house,	its	lake,	and	gardens.
When	they	were	children	at	Loeanneth	they’d	spent	the	summer	in	and	out	of	the	water,
their	 skin	 turning	 brown	 beneath	 the	 sun,	 their	 hair	 bleaching	 almost	 white.	 Despite	 her
weak	 chest,	 Clemmie	 had	 been	 the	 most	 outdoorsy	 of	 them	 all,	 with	 her	 long,	 skinny
foal’s	legs	and	windblown	nature.	She	should	have	been	born	later.	She	should	have	been
born	now.	There	were	so	many	opportunities	these	days	for	girls	like	Clemmie.	Alice	saw
them	everywhere,	spirited,	independent,	forthright,	and	focused.	Mighty	girls	unbounded
by	society’s	expectations.	They	made	her	glad,	those	girls,	with	their	nose	rings	and	their
short	 hair	 and	 their	 impatience	 with	 the	 world.	 Sometimes	 Alice	 felt	 she	 could	 almost
glimpse	her	sister’s	spirit	moving	in	them.
Clemmie	had	refused	to	speak	to	anyone	in	the	months	after	Theo	disappeared.	Once
the	police	had	done	their	interviews,	she’d	shut	her	mouth,	tight	as	a	clam,	and	behaved	as
if	 her	 ears	 had	 switched	 off	 too.	 She’d	 always	 been	 eccentric,	 but	 it	 seemed	 to	 Alice,
looking	back,	that	during	the	late	summer	of	1933	she	became	downright	wild.	She	hardly
returned	 home,	 prowling	 around	 the	 airfields,	 slicing	 at	 the	 reeds	 by	 the	 stream	 with	 a
sharpened	 stick,	 creeping	 inside	 the	 house	 only	 to	 sleep,	 and	 not	 even	 that	 most	 nights.
Camping	 out	 in	 the	 woods	 or	 by	 the	 stream.	 God	 only	 knew	 what	 she	 ate.	 Birds’	 eggs,
probably.	Clemmie	had	always	had	a	gift	for	raiding	nests.
Mother	was	beside	herself.	As	if	the	anguish	over	Theo	wasn’t	enough,	now	she	had	to
worry	about	Clementine,	too,	out	there	in	the	elements.	Clemmie	had	always	come	back
eventually,	 though,	 smelling	 of	 dirt,	 her	 hair	 long	 and	 tangled,	 and	 none	 the	 worse	 for
wear.	The	summer	had	ripened	and	rotted	so	that	autumn	when	it	fell	was	thick	and	sullen.
With	 it,	 an	 interminable	 grief	 settled	 over	 Loeanneth,	 as	 if	 all	 hope	 that	 Theo	 would	 be
found	had	died	with	the	warmer	season.	When	the	police	search	was	officially	called	off,
the	 policemen	 full	 of	 apologies,	 the	 decision	 was	 made	 that	 the	 Edevane	 family	 should
return	 to	 London.	 Deborah’s	 wedding	 was	 to	 be	 held	 there	 in	 November,	 and	 it	 made
sense	 that	 the	 family	 take	 a	 few	 weeks	 to	 settle	 in	 first.	 Even	 Mother,	 usually	 loath	 to
leave	 the	 country,	 had	 seemed	 glad	 to	 escape	 the	 cold,	 stultifying	 sadness	 of	 the	 Lake
House.	The	windows	were	sealed,	the	doors	locked,	the	car	loaded.
Back	 in	 London,	 Clemmie	 had	 been	 forced	 to	 wear	 shoes	 again.	 New	 dresses	 were
bought	to	replace	those	she’d	torn	and	outgrown	and	a	place	was	found	for	her	at	a	day

school	for	girls	that	specialized	in	math	and	science.	She’d	liked	that.	After	a	succession
of	old-fashioned	governesses,	none	of	whom	had	lasted	long	at	Loeanneth,	real	school	had
been	the	sweetener,	the	reward	for	acquiescence.	It	had	been	a	relief,	in	a	way,	to	see	her
brought	back	from	the	brink,	but	Alice	had	quietly	mourned	the	loss	of	her	savage	sister.
Clemmie’s	reaction	to	grief	had	been	so	primitive,	so	raw,	that	even	observing	it	had	been
a	 release	 of	 sorts.	 Her	 return	 to	 civilization	 compounded	 the	 tragedy	 and	 made	 it
permanent,	for	if	Clemmie	had	given	up	hope,	then	there	really	was	none	left.
Alice	had	been	walking	faster	than	she’d	meant	to	and	an	ache	was	tightening	her	chest.	A
stitch,	she	told	herself,	certainly	not	a	heart	attack.	She	reached	a	seat	and	sank	onto	it.	She
decided	she	would	stay	a	moment	and	catch	her	breath.	The	breeze	was	light	on	her	skin,
and	 warm.	 In	 front	 of	 her	 was	 a	 bridle	 path	 and	 beyond	 it	 a	 playground	 where	children
were	 scaling	 colorful	 plastic	 equipment,	 chasing	 one	 another	 while	 their	 nannies,	 girls
with	 ponytails,	 wearing	 jeans	 and	 T-shirts,	 chatted	 beneath	 a	 tree.	 Adjacent	 to	 the
playground	was	a	sand-covered	enclosure	where	mounted	officers	from	the	Knightsbridge
barracks	 were	 training.	 It	 struck	 Alice	 that	 this	 was	 very	 near	 the	 spot	 she’d	 sat	 with
Clemmie	that	day	in	1938.	It	was	true	what	people	said,	that	when	one	became	old	(and
how	sneakily	that	happened,	how	sly	time	was),	memories	of	the	long-ago	past,	repressed
for	 decades,	 were	 suddenly	 bright	 and	 clear.	 A	 prim	 little	 girl	 had	 been	 taking	 riding
lessons,	round	and	round	the	sand	in	circles.	Alice	and	Clemmie	had	been	lounging	on	a
picnic	 blanket	 discussing	 Clemmie’s	 intention	 to	 begin	 flying	 lessons.	 It	 was	 before	 the
war	 started,	 and	 life	 in	 London	 for	 the	 daughters	 of	 well-to-do	 families	 was	 much	 as	 it
always	 had	 been,	 but	 there	 was	 talk	 everywhere	 if	 you	 knew	 where	 to	 listen.	 Alice	 had
always	known	where	to	listen.	So,	it	seemed,	did	Clemmie.
Seventeen	by	now,	she	had	flatly	refused	to	participate	in	the	Season	and	only	narrowly
been	stopped	at	the	docks	after	selling	a	number	of	family	heirlooms	so	she	might	travel	to
Spain	and	fight	with	the	Republicans	in	the	civil	war.	Alice,	impressed	by	her	sister’s	grit,
had	 nonetheless	 been	 glad	 to	 see	 her	 dragged	 back	 home.	 This	 time,	 however,	 seeing
Clemmie’s	 doggedness,	 the	 fierce	 enthusiasm	 with	 which	 she	 brandished	 the	 newspaper
advertisement	for	the	flying	school,	Alice	had	promised	to	do	whatever	was	necessary	to
help	 convince	 their	 parents	 to	 agree.	 The	 day	 was	 warm	 and	 they’d	 finished	 their	 lunch
and	a	pleasant	lull	had	settled	over	them,	due	in	part	to	the	recent	accord	they’d	reached.
Alice	was	leaning	back	on	her	elbows,	eyes	closed	behind	her	sunglasses,	when	Clemmie
said,	apropos	of	nothing,	“He’s	still	alive,	you	know.”
It	turned	out	she	hadn’t	given	up	hope,	after	all.
Now,	Alice	looked	for	the	precise	place	they’d	been	sitting.	It	had	been	near	a	garden	bed,
she	remembered,	and	between	two	enormous	roots	of	a	chestnut	tree.	There	hadn’t	been	a
playground	 then,	 and	 the	 nannies,	 in	 long	 dresses	 and	 cloth	 hats,	 had	 gathered	 by	 the
Serpentine,	 holding	 the	 hands	 of	 their	 small	 charges,	 pushing	 the	 littlest	 in	 large	 black
perambulators.	By	Christmas	that	year,	the	grass	would	be	gone,	making	way	for	trenches
built	in	preparation	for	future	air	raids;	that	day	with	Clemmie,	though,	the	war	with	all	its

terror	 and	 death	 was	 still	 ahead	 of	 them.	 The	 world	 was	 in	 one	 piece	 and	 the	 sun	 still
shone.
“He’s	still	alive,	you	know.”
Five	years	had	passed,	but	Alice	knew	at	once	whom	Clemmie	meant.	It	was	the	first
time	Alice	had	heard	her	sister	speak	of	Theo	since	he	disappeared	and	she	felt	the	burden
of	confidante	heavily.	Adding	weight	to	the	responsibility	was	her	certainty	that	Clemmie
was	wrong.	Stalling,	she	said,	“How	do	you	know?”
“I	just	do.	It’s	a	feeling.”
The	girl	on	the	horse	was	trotting	now,	and	the	horse	shook	its	mane	so	that	it	glistened
proudly.
Clemmie	said,	“There	was	no	ransom	note.”
“So?”
“Well,	don’t	you	see?	If	there	was	no	ransom	note,	whoever	took	him	did	so	because
they	wanted	him.”
Alice	didn’t	reply.	How	was	she	to	let	her	sister	down	gently	while	leaving	no	doubt?
How	was	she	to	do	so	without	confessing	too	much?
Clemmie’s	face,	meanwhile,	had	become	animated.	She	was	talking	quickly,	as	if	she’d
been	waiting	five	years	to	speak	and	now	that	she’d	started	there	must	be	no	hesitation.	“I
think	it	was	a	man,”	she	was	saying,	“a	father	without	a	child,	who	was	visiting	Cornwall
and	happened	to	see	our	Theo	and	fell	madly	in	love	with	him.	That	man	had	a	wife,	you
see,	 a	 kind	 lady	 who	 dearly	 wanted	 children	 but	 had	 been	 unable	 to	 have	 them.	 I	 can
picture	them,	Alice,	the	husband	and	his	young	wife.	Well-off,	but	not	stiff	or	pompous,	in
love	 with	 one	 another	 and	 the	 imagined	 children	 they	 intend	 to	 have.	 I	 can	 see	 them
getting	sadder	as	the	years	pass,	and	the	woman	fails	to	fall	pregnant,	and	the	realization
slowly	 dawns	 that	 they	 might	 never	 hear	 little	 footsteps	 in	 the	 hall	 or	 laughter	 from	 the
nursery.	 A	 pall	 settles	 over	 the	 house,	 and	 all	 music	 and	 happiness	 and	 light	 leave	 their
lives,	until	one	day,	Alice,	one	day	when	the	man	is	away	from	London	on	business,	or
meeting	 an	 associate”—she	 waved	 a	 hand—“it	 doesn’t	 matter	 why,	 he	 comes	 near
Loeanneth,	and	he	sees	Theo,	and	he	knows	this	is	the	very	child	to	bring	joy	back	to	his
wife’s	soul.”
The	trotting	horse	had	whinnied	right	then	and	Alice	saw	Loeanneth	in	her	mind,	the
surrounding	fields	of	farmland,	the	neighbor’s	horses	for	whom	they	used	to	sneak	Cook’s
apples.	Clemmie’s	story	was	full	of	holes,	of	course,	not	least	because	nobody	stumbled
unwittingly	 on	 Loeanneth;	 it	 was	 also	 inspired,	 at	 least	 in	 part,	 by	 Deborah’s	 troubles.
(“Five	years	and	still	no	baby,”	the	whispers	skated	off	the	walls	at	society	gatherings.)	A
memory	came	of	nightingales	by	the	lake	on	the	cusp	of	dawn	and	she	shivered	violently,
despite	the	sun’s	strength	on	her	skin.	Clemmie	didn’t	notice.
“You	see,	don’t	you,	Alice?	It	wasn’t	the	right	thing	to	do,	and	it	brought	misery	to	our
family,	but	it	was	understandable.	Theo	would	have	proven	irresistible.	Do	you	remember
the	way	he	used	to	wave	his	arms	when	he	was	happy,	like	he	was	trying	to	take	off?”	She
smiled.	“And	he	was	so	wanted.	He’s	growing	up	surrounded	by	love,	Alice,	happy.	He

was	young	when	he	went,	he’ll	have	forgotten	us,	forgotten	that	he	was	ever	part	of	us,
even	 if	 we	 could	 never	 forget	 him.	 I	 can	 live	 with	 my	 own	 grief	 when	 I	 think	 of	 him
happy.”
There’d	 been	 nothing	 Alice	 could	 say	 to	 that.	 She	 was	 the	 writer	 in	 the	 family,	 but
Clemmie	had	a	gift	for	seeing	the	world	through	a	different	lens.	If	she	were	honest,	Alice
had	 always	 been	 in	 awe,	 even	 a	 little	 jealous,	 of	 her	 sister’s	 imagination,	 as	 if	 her	 own
claims	 to	 creativity,	 her	 stories,	 the	 product	 of	 so	 much	 effort	 and	 error,	 were	 rendered
lesser	 beside	 Clemmie’s	 innate	 originality.	 Clemmie’s	 was	 a	 naïveté	 of	 sorts	 that
necessarily	cast	the	other	person	in	the	role	of	realistic	brute.	Alice	didn’t	want	to	play	that
part,	and	what	point	was	there	in	arguing?	Why	destroy	the	enchanting	fantasy	her	sister
had	created:	a	new	life	for	Theo,	a	loving	family?	Wasn’t	it	enough	that	she,	Alice,	knew
the	truth?
But	Alice,	greedy,	had	wanted	to	hear	more	of	Clemmie’s	story.	“Where	do	they	live?”
she’d	asked.	“How	did	Theo	turn	out?”	As	Clemmie	spun	her	answers,	Alice	had	closed
her	 eyes	 and	 listened,	 envying	 her	 sister	 her	 innocence	 and	 certainty.	 It	 was	 such	 an
alluring	way	to	think,	even	if	misguided.	For	Theo	wasn’t	living	a	new	life	with	a	loving
family	 in	 a	 beautiful	 home.	 Clemmie	 was	 right	 that	 there’d	 been	 no	 ransom	 note,	 but
wrong	about	what	it	meant.	Alice	knew,	though.	The	lack	of	ransom	note	meant	that	it	had
all	gone	terribly	wrong	and	Theo	was	dead.	She	knew	because	it	was	exactly	how	she’d
planned	it.

18
The	day	she	came	up	with	it	had	started	like	any	other.	It	was	1933,	early	spring	but	still
cold,	 and	 she’d	 been	 sitting	 in	 the	 Loeanneth	 airing	 cupboard	 all	 morning	 with	 her	 feet
against	the	hot-water	tank,	reading	through	the	collection	of	newspaper	clippings	she	kept
beneath	lock	and	key	in	the	filigree	metal	box	that	Grandfather	Horace	had	brought	back
from	India	and	she’d	purloined	from	the	attic.	She’d	found	an	article	about	the	kidnapping
of	the	Lindbergh	boy	in	America	and	it	had	got	her	thinking	about	ransoms	and	notes	and
how	 a	 criminal	 might	 best	 baffle	 police.	 She’d	 realized	 recently	 (an	 awareness	 that
coincided	 with	 her	 new	 obsession	 with	 Agatha	 Christie)	 that	 what	 her	 previous	 story
attempts	were	missing	was	a	puzzle,	a	complex,	knotty	twist	of	events	designed	to	mislead
and	bewilder	readers.	Also,	a	crime.	The	key	to	the	perfect	novel,	Alice	had	decided,	was
to	revolve	the	story	around	a	crime’s	solution,	all	the	while	tricking	the	reader	by	making
it	seem	she	was	doing	one	thing	when	in	fact	she	was	merrily	doing	another.	Pressing	her
woollen-socked	toes	into	the	tank’s	warm	cladding,	she	scribbled	and	jotted,	turning	over
ideas	as	to	who	and	why	and,	most	importantly,	how.
She	was	still	thinking	along	these	lines	after	lunch	when	she	rugged	up	in	her	mother’s
old	sable	coat	and	sought	out	Ben	in	the	garden.	It	was	blustery	out,	but	he	was	by	the	fish
pond	where	he’d	been	building	the	secret	garden,	the	whole	thing	sheltered	within	a	tall
circular	hedge.	She	sat	down	on	the	cold	marble	edge	of	the	pond,	digging	the	heels	of	her
Wellington	boots	into	the	mossy	surrounds,	and	experienced	a	jolt	of	pleasure	when	she
saw	the	copy	of	The	Mysterious	Affair	at	Styles	she’d	lent	him	peeking	from	his	kit	bag.
Ben	 was	 on	 the	 other	 side	 of	 the	 garden	 clawing	 at	 weeds	 and	 hadn’t	 heard	 her
approach,	so	Alice	sat	for	a	moment.	His	forearms	were	exposed,	perspiration	beginning
to	 bead	 and	 crumbs	 of	 dirt	 clinging	 to	 his	 damp	 skin.	 He	 flicked	 longer	 strands	 of	 dark
hair	from	his	eyes	and	finally	she	could	stand	it	no	longer.	“I’ve	had	a	brilliant	idea,”	she
said.
He	turned	quickly;	she’d	startled	him.	“Alice!”	Surprise	gave	way	quickly	to	pleasure.
“An	idea?”
“I’ve	been	working	on	it	all	morning	and	I	don’t	like	to	boast,	but	I’m	quite	sure	it’s
going	to	be	my	best	yet.”
“Is	it?”
“It	is.”	And	then	she	said	the	words	that	later	she’d	have	given	anything	to	take	back.
“A	kidnapping,	Ben.	I’m	going	to	write	a	book	about	a	kidnapping.”
“A	kidnapping,”	he	repeated,	scratching	his	head.	“Of	a	child?”
She	nodded	eagerly.
“Why	would	someone	want	to	take	a	child	that	wasn’t	theirs?”

“Because	the	parents	are	rich,	of	course!”
He	looked	at	her	perplexedly,	as	if	not	sure	how	one	thing	connected	to	the	other.
“For	 money.”	 Alice	 rolled	 her	 eyes	 playfully.	 “A	 ransom.”	 An	 edge	 of	 sophistication
had	sharpened	her	voice,	making	her	sound,	to	her	own	ears,	very	much	a	woman	of	the
world.	 As	 she	 continued	 outlining	 the	 plan	 for	 him,	 Alice	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 admire	 the
appealing	element	of	danger	her	story	lent	to	her,	an	impression	that	she	knew	an	awful	lot
about	the	workings	of	the	criminal	mind.	“The	kidnapper	in	my	story	will	have	fallen	on
hard	times.	I’m	not	sure	how	exactly,	I	haven’t	settled	on	the	details.	Perhaps	he	was	cut
out	of	a	will	and	lost	his	inheritance,	or	else	he’s	a	scientist	and	he’s	made	a	tremendous
discovery	 but	 his	 business	 partner,	 the	 father	 of	 the	 child,	 has	 stolen	 his	 idea	 and	 made
loads	of	money	from	it	and	he’s	bitter	and	angry.	It	hardly	matters	why,	only—”
“—he’s	a	poor	man.”
“Yes,	 and	 he’s	 desperate.	 He	 needs	 the	 money	 for	 some	 reason,	 perhaps	 he’s	 got
himself	 into	 debt,	 or	 he	 wants	 to	 marry	 a	 young	 woman	 from	 a	 different	 sort	 of
background.”	 Alice	 felt	 her	 cheeks	 warm,	 acutely	 aware	 she’d	 skirted	 very	 close	 to
describing	their	own	predicament.	She	went	on	hastily,	picking	up	the	threads	of	her	plot.
“Whatever	the	case,	he	needs	a	lot	of	money	quickly	and	figures	this	is	the	way	to	get	it.”
“Not	a	very	likeable	chap,”	said	Ben,	shaking	clumps	of	dirt	free	from	the	roots	of	a
large	weed.
“The	villain	doesn’t	need	to	be	likeable.	He’s	not	meant	to	be.	He’s	the	villain.”
“People	aren’t	like	that,	though,	are	they,	all	bad	or	all	good?”
“He’s	not	a	person,	he’s	a	character.	They’re	different	things.”
“Well”—Ben	shrugged	lightly—“you’re	the	writer.”
Alice	wrinkled	her	nose.	She’d	been	on	quite	a	roll,	but	the	interruption	had	made	her
lose	her	train	of	thought.	She	turned	back	to	her	notes,	hoping	to	pick	up	her	place.
“Only,”	Ben	drove	the	gardening	fork	into	the	dirt,	“it	occurs	to	me	now,	it’s	one	of	the
things	I	don’t	much	like	about	these	detective	novels	of	yours.”
“What’s	that?”
“The	 broad	 brushstrokes,	 the	 lack	 of	 subtlety,	 the	 idea	 that	 morality	 is	 unambiguous.
It’s	not	the	real	world,	is	it?	It’s	simplistic.	Like	something	from	a	children’s	book,	a	fairy
tale.”
Alice	 had	 felt	 his	 words	 like	 a	 knife.	 Even	 now,	 at	 the	 age	 of	 eighty-six,	 making	 her
way	past	the	football	fields	on	Rotten	Row,	she	flinched	to	recall	them.	He’d	been	right,	of
course,	and	well	ahead	of	his	time.	These	days	why	trumped	how	every	time,	but	back	then
Alice	 had	 seen	 no	 merit	 in	 his	 suggestion	 that	 the	 fascinating	 subject	 of	 why	 ordinary
people	 might	 be	 induced	 to	 commit	 a	 crime	 was	 worth	 addressing;	she’d	cared	only	for
tricks	and	puzzles.	A	wave	of	anguish	had	hit	her	when	he	said	it,	as	if	it	were	her	he	was
calling	 simplistic,	 and	 not	 the	 genre.	 The	 day	 was	 cold,	 but	 with	 the	 swell	 of
embarrassment	and	hurt	that	inflamed	her,	Alice	was	steaming.	She	ignored	his	critique,

moving	on	crisply	with	her	description	of	the	story.	“The	kidnapped	child	will	have	to	die,
of	course.”
“Will	she?”
“He.	Better	if	it’s	a	boy.”
“Is	it?”
He’d	 been	 amused	 then,	 infuriatingly	 so.	 Alice	 refused	 to	 return	 his	 smile,	 her	 voice
imperiously	 patient	 as	 she	 continued.	 She	 spoke	 as	 if	 she	 were	 explaining	 things	 to	 him
that	he	really	ought	to	know.	More	excruciating,	she	behaved	as	if	she	were	educating	him
on	 a	 topic	 a	 man	 like	 him	 couldn’t	 hope	 to	 understand.	 It	 was	 awful.	 She	 could	 hear
herself	 play-acting	 the	 Little	 Rich	 Girl,	 a	 role	 she	 despised	 but	 was	 powerless	 to	 stop.
“Boys	are	more	valuable,	you	see,	in	a	familial	sense.	Heir	to	the	lands	and	title	and	all
that.”
“All	right,	a	boy	then.”	His	tone	was	as	easy	as	ever.	Even	more	infuriating!	“But	why
does	the	poor	lad	have	to	die?”
“Because	a	murder	mystery	needs	a	murder!”
“More	of	your	rules?”	He	was	teasing.	He	knew	he’d	hurt	her	and	was	trying	to	make
amends.	Well,	she	wasn’t	going	to	be	so	easily	won	over.
Coldly:	 “They’re	 not	 my	 rules.	 They’re	 Mr.	 Knox’s,	 published	 in	 Best	 Detective
Stories.”
“Ah,	I	see.	Well	then,	that’s	different.”	He	took	off	his	gloves,	reaching	for	a	paraffinpaper-wrapped	sandwich.	“And	what	are	some	of	Mr.	Knox’s	other	rules?”
“The	detective	isn’t	allowed	to	be	helped	by	an	accident	or	unaccountable	intuition.”
“Sounds	fair.”
“No	twins	or	doubles	unless	the	reader	has	been	earlier	prepared.”
“Far	too	close	to	cheating.”
“And	there	should	be	no	more	than	one	secret	room	or	passage.	That	one’s	important
for	my	story.”
“Is	it?	Why?”
“I’ll	get	to	that	in	good	time.”	She	continued	reciting	the	rules,	counting	them	off	on
her	fingers.	“The	criminal	must	be	mentioned	early	in	the	story;	the	reader	shouldn’t	be
privy	 to	 his	 thoughts;	 and	 last	 but	 not	 least,	 the	 detective	 should	 have	 a	 stupid	 friend,	 a
Watson,	who	is	slightly,	but	no	more	than	slightly,	less	intelligent	than	the	average	reader.”
Ben	 paused	 mid-bite	 and	 pointed	 casually	 between	 them.	 “I’m	 getting	 the	 distinct
impression	I’m	the	Watson	in	this	team.”
Alice	felt	her	lips	buckle	and	could	resist	no	longer.	He	was	so	handsome,	smiling	at
her	like	that,	and	the	day	was	beginning	to	brighten,	the	sun	peeking	through	the	clouds.	It
was	simply	too	hard	to	stay	cross	with	him.	She	laughed,	and	as	she	did,	his	expression
changed.

Alice	 followed	 his	 gaze	 over	 her	 shoulder,	 through	 the	 break	 in	 the	 hedge.	 For	 one
dreadful	moment	she	was	convinced	she	was	going	to	see	Nanny	Rose	behind	her.	Alice
had	been	watching	from	the	window	the	other	day	and	had	seen	the	two	of	them,	Ben	and
the	nanny,	talking.	Things	had	looked	a	little	cozier	than	she’d	have	liked.	But	it	wasn’t
Nanny	Rose	at	all,	just	Mother,	who’d	emerged	from	the	back	door	and	was	sitting	now	on
the	 iron	 seat,	 one	 arm	 folded	 across	 the	 other,	 a	 faint	 ribbon	 of	 smoke	 rising	 from	 the
cigarette	between	her	fingers.
“Don’t	worry,”	she	said,	rolling	her	eyes	and	ducking	her	head	back	out	of	view.	“She
won’t	bother	us—not	today.	We’re	not	supposed	to	know	she	smokes.”
She	was	trying	to	sound	offhand,	but	the	carefree	mood	of	the	past	half	hour	had	gone.
Alice	 and	 Ben	 both	 knew	 how	 important	 it	 was	 that	 they	 keep	 their	 relationship	 secret,
especially	from	Mother.	Eleanor	didn’t	approve	of	Alice	liaising	with	Ben.	There’d	been	a
few	general	comments	over	the	past	few	months	about	choosing	one’s	company	carefully,
and	then,	the	other	night,	a	particularly	awkward	scene	in	which	Mother	had	called	her	up
to	 the	 library	 after	 supper.	 There’d	 been	 a	 strange	 tension	 in	 Eleanor’s	 face,	 despite	 her
pretense	at	ease,	and	Alice	had	intuited	what	was	coming.	Sure	enough:	“It	isn’t	seemly,
Alice,	for	a	girl	like	you	to	spend	so	much	time	talking	with	members	of	staff.	I	know	you
don’t	 mean	 anything	 by	 it,	 but	 people	 will	 get	 the	 wrong	 idea.	 Your	 father	 certainly
wouldn’t	 approve.	 Imagine	 if	 he	 were	 to	 look	 out	 of	 his	 study	 window	 and	 see	 his
daughter	consorting	with	someone	so	unsuitable,	a	gardener,	for	goodness’	sake.”
Alice	 didn’t	 believe	 for	 a	 moment	 that	 Daddy	 would	 be	 so	 small-minded	 as	 to
disapprove—he	didn’t	care	one	whit	for	arbitrary	class	distinctions—but	she	didn’t	say	so.
She	 didn’t	 dare.	 Mother	 could’ve	 had	 Ben	 fired	 in	 an	 instant	 if	 she	 decided	 he	 was	 too
much	trouble.
“Go	on,”	said	Ben,	with	a	wink.	“Get	out	of	here.	I	ought	to	keep	busy,	and	you’ve	got
a	masterpiece	to	write.”
She	 was	 touched	 by	 his	 concern,	 the	 unspoken	 care	 in	 his	 voice.	 “I’m	 not	 afraid	 of
getting	in	trouble,	you	know.”
“I	 didn’t	 think	 you	 were,”	 he	 said.	 “Not	 for	 a	 moment.”	 He	 handed	 her	 the	 Agatha
Christie	 novel.	 She	 shivered	 when	 their	 fingertips	 met.	 “Let	 me	 know	 when	 you’ve
worked	out	more	of	your	story.”	He	shook	his	head	with	mock	horror.	“Killing	little	boys.
How	very	grisly.”
The	No.	9	bus	drove	by	as	Alice	waited	to	cross	Kensington	Road.	It	was	one	of	the	old
Routemasters	and	had	an	advertisement	for	the	Kirov	corps	de	ballet’s	Swan	Lake	on	its
flank.	Alice	would	have	liked	to	see	the	production	but	was	afraid	she’d	left	it	too	late	to
organize	tickets.	She	didn’t	go	to	the	ballet	unless	she	could	sit	close	enough	to	hear	the
dancers’	pointe	shoes	hitting	the	stage	boards.	Excellence	was	the	result	of	hard	work	and
Alice	 had	 no	 interest	 in	 pretending	 otherwise.	 She	 understood	 illusion	 was	 part	 of
performance,	that	dancers	strived	for	the	appearance	of	ease;	she	knew,	too,	that	for	many
in	the	audience	the	romance	of	effortless	grace	was	the	point;	but	it	was	not	so	for	Alice.
She	was	a	great	admirer	of	mental	and	physical	rigor	and	considered	a	performance	much
improved	by	the	sheen	of	sweat	on	the	leading	man’s	shoulders,	the	sigh	of	completion	at

the	end	of	the	ballerina’s	solo,	the	blunt	thud	of	toes	hitting	wood	as	the	dancer	spun	and
smiled.	It	was	just	the	same	as	spotting	the	scaffolding	in	other	writers’	books.	Awareness
of	construction	didn’t	diminish	her	pleasure,	only	added	to	it.
Alice	was	not	of	a	romantic	disposition.	It	was	one	of	the	ways	in	which	she’d	willfully
distinguished	 herself	 from	 Eleanor,	 a	 childhood	 resolve	 that	 had	 hardened	 into	 habit.	 To
wit,	her	mother’s	favorite	ballet	story	came	from	the	summer	she	met	their	father.	“It	was
1911,	before	the	war,	and	the	world	was	still	filled	with	magic.”	Eleanor	had	told	it	often
over	the	years.	“I	was	staying	with	my	aunt	in	Mayfair	and	had	met	your	father	earlier	that
week.	 He	 invited	 me	 to	 see	 the	 Ballets	 Russes	 perform	 and	 I	 said	 yes	 without	 thinking
twice,	 without	 checking	 with	 my	 mother,	 as	 it	 happens.	 You	 can	 imagine,	 Grandmother
deShiel	almost	disowned	me.	Oh,	but	it	was	worth	it.	That	night!	How	perfect	it	was,	and
how	 young	 we	 were.	 How	 impossibly	 young.”	 At	 that	 she	 always	 gave	 a	 small	 smile,
acknowledgment	 that	 her	 children	 would	 of	 course	 never	 truly	 accept	 that	 their	 parents
had	been	anything	other	than	as	they	were	now.	“Nijinsky	in	Le	Spectre	de	la	rose	was	like
nothing	I’d	seen	before.	He	danced	a	fifteen-minute	solo	and	it	passed	like	a	dream.	He
was	wearing	a	silk	tricot,	palest	nude,	onto	which	were	pinned	dozens	of	silk	Bakst	petals,
pink	 and	 red	 and	 purple.	 The	 most	 exotic	 creature,	 so	 beautiful,	 like	 a	 shiny,	 graceful
insect	 on	 the	 verge	 of	 flight.	 He	 leapt	 as	 if	 it	 cost	 him	 no	 effort,	 lingering	 in	 the	 air	 far
longer	than	was	possible,	and	seemed	not	to	touch	the	stage	between	times.	I	believed	that
night	that	a	man	might	fly,	that	anything	was	possible.”
But	 no—Alice	 frowned.	 She	 was	 being	 unfair.	 Eleanor	 might	 have	 retained	 her
childhood	 fluency	 in	 the	 fairy-tale	 language	 of	 fate	 and	 superstitions,	 but	 her	 romantic
nature	wasn’t	all	love	affairs	and	happily-ever-afters;	it	was	a	way	of	looking	at	the	world,
an	entire	moral	system	all	of	her	own.	She	possessed	an	innate	sense	of	justice,	a	complex
system	 of	 checks	 and	 balances	 that	 determined	 the	 measure	 of	 something	 she	 called
“rightness.”
This	instinct	for	moral	balance	had	been	in	evidence	during	the	last	conversation	they
ever	 had.	 Eleanor	 had	 just	 returned	 home	 after	 seeing	 An	 Inspector	 Calls	 at	 the	 New
Theatre	and	had	telephoned	Alice	at	once	to	declare	the	evening	“uplifting.”	Alice,	who’d
seen	the	play	already,	had	been	silent	for	a	moment	before	replying,	“The	part	where	the
innocent	young	girl	is	mistreated	and	driven	to	suicide,	or	the	depiction	of	the	despicable
Birling	 family	 who	 couldn’t	 care	 less	 about	 her	 suffering	 other	 than	 to	 save	 their	 own
skins?”
Eleanor	 had	 ignored	 the	 irony,	 pressing	 on	 with	 her	 critique:	 “The	 ending	 was	 so
portentous,	so	right.	Each	member	of	the	family	was	guilty	in	his	or	her	own	way,	and	one
was	 left	 with	 an	 entirely	 satisfying	 sense	 that	 the	 truth	 would	 out.”	 She	 had	 also,	 rather
predictably,	admired	the	uncertainty	of	the	Inspector	Goole	character.	“Oh,	Alice,”	she’d
said	 disappointedly,	 when	 Alice	 suggested	 his	 appearance	 might	 feasibly	 have	 been
explained	 more	 clearly.	 “It’s	 beside	 the	 point.	 He’s	 an	 archetype,	 a	 symbol,	 justice
personified.	It	doesn’t	matter	how	he	knew	about	the	poor	girl,	or	just	who,	or	what,	he
really	was;	all	that	matters	is	the	restoration	of	proper	order.”
Alice	 had	 grumbled	 something	 about	 characterization	 and	 believability,	 but	 Eleanor,
tired,	 had	 brought	 the	 conversation	 to	 a	 temporary	 close.	 “I’ll	 convince	 you	 yet.	 We’ll
revisit	the	topic	in	person	tomorrow.”	They	never	did,	of	course.	Eleanor	had	been	due	to

visit	Alice	at	her	flat	in	Shoreditch	when	she	stepped	out	onto	Marylebone	Road	in	front
of	the	driver	who’d	taken	his	eyes	from	the	road.	Alice	sat	in	her	dim	kitchen	all	the	while,
a	fresh	pint	of	milk	in	the	fridge	and	a	salvaged	cloth	on	the	table,	with	no	inkling	that	the
world	had	been	tipped	off	its	axis	while	she	waited.
That’s	where	Ben	had	been	wrong.	Alice	blinked	away	the	sudden	unexpected	heat	of
loss.	His	preference	for	people	over	places	was	all	well	and	good,	but	people	had	a	nasty
habit	 of	 changing.	 Or	 leaving.	 Or	 dying.	 Places	 were	 far	 more	 reliable.	 They	 prevailed.
And,	 if	 damaged,	 could	 be	 rebuilt,	 even	 improved.	 People	 could	 not	 be	 trusted	 to	 stick
around.	 “Except	 family.”	 Alice	 heard	 Eleanor’s	 voice	 in	 her	 head.	 “That’s	 why	 I	 had	 so
many	daughters.	So	you’d	always	have	someone.	I	knew	what	it	was	to	be	alone.”
Walking	 down	 Exhibition	 Road	 towards	 the	 museums,	 Alice	 was	 anything	 but	 alone.
There	 were	 people	 everywhere,	 most	 of	 them	 adolescents.	 Alice	 felt	 a	 surge	 of	 pity	 for
them,	stuck	as	they	were	within	the	white-hot	glow	of	youth,	when	everything	seemed	so
vital,	 so	 essential,	 so	 important.	 She	 wondered	 where	 they	 were	 going.	 To	 the	 Science
Museum	or	the	V&A,	or	perhaps	even	the	Natural	History	Museum,	where	they	would	file
past	 the	 insects	 that	 had	 fluttered	 their	 last	 in	 the	 sunshine	 of	 Loeanneth?	 “I	 wish	 you
wouldn’t	 kill	 them,”	 Eleanor	 had	 said	 one	 day,	 the	 closest	 Alice	 had	 heard	 her	 come	 to
criticizing	Daddy.	“It	seems	so	cruel.	Such	beautiful	creatures.”	It	was	Alice,	wearing	the
white	 assistant’s	 gloves,	 who’d	 leapt	 to	 her	 father’s	 defense,	 though	 in	 truth	 she	 hated
those	pins	too.	“Nature	is	cruel.	Isn’t	that	right,	Daddy?	Every	living	thing	has	to	die.	And
they’re	still	beautiful.	Now	they’ll	stay	that	way.”
A	 group	 of	 girls	 rushed	 past,	 laughing,	 and	 turned	 to	 joke	 over	 their	 shoulders	 at	 a
good-looking	boy	with	black	hair	who	shouted	something	indecipherable	in	return.	Their
youth	 and	 exuberance	 radiated	 off	 them	 in	 waves	 that	 Alice	 could	 almost	 see.	 Alice
remembered	 what	 it	 was	 to	 be	 like	 them.	 To	 feel	 for	 the	 first	 time	 a	 passion	 that	 made
everything	hyperreal.	Ben’s	pull,	back	then,	had	been	inexorable;	her	attraction	such	that
she’d	 sooner	 have	 stopped	 blinking	 than	 give	 him	 up.	 She’d	 ignored	 her	 mother’s
entreaties	 and	 continued	 to	 meet	 with	 him,	 she’d	 simply	 been	 more	 careful	 than	 before,
more	deceitful.
Over	 the	 next	 few	 weeks,	 as	 Ben	 listened	 and	 made	 occasional	 interjections,	 Alice
refined	her	idea	for	how	to	stage	the	perfect	kidnapping.	One	fine	spring	morning,	when
the	air	was	clear	after	a	night	of	rain	and	the	trout	were	leaping	in	the	stream,	she	set	up
her	blanket	beneath	a	willow.	Ben	was	digging	post	holes	for	a	new	fence	and	Alice	lay	on
her	stomach,	ankles	folded,	legs	swinging	as	she	frowned	at	her	notebook.	Suddenly,	she
said,	“It	occurs	to	me	that	I’m	going	to	need	an	accomplice.	No	one’s	going	to	believe	the
criminal	acted	alone.”
“No?”
She	 shook	 her	 head.	 “Too	 hard.	 Too	 many	 loose	 ends	 to	 take	 care	 of.	 It	 isn’t	 easy
kidnapping	a	child,	you	know.	It’s	certainly	not	a	one-man	job.”
“An	accomplice,	then.”

“Someone	 who	 knows	 about	 children.	 Preferably	 someone	 who	 knows	 this	particular
child.	A	trusted	adult,	all	the	better	to	keep	the	little	darling	quiet	as	a	mouse.”
He	shot	her	a	look.	“I	didn’t	realize	quite	how	devious	you	were.”
Alice	 took	 the	 compliment	 with	 a	 light	 shrug	 and	 sucked	 thoughtfully	 on	 a	 strand	 of
hair.	She	watched	as	a	blotted	band	of	clouds	drifted	across	the	blue	sky.
Ben	had	paused	in	his	digging	to	roll	a	cigarette.	“Bit	of	a	long	shot,	though,	isn’t	it?”
Alice	 looked	 up	 at	 him,	 shifting	 her	 head	 so	 his	 shoulder	 blocked	 the	 sun.	 “Why	 is
that?”
“Well,	 it’s	 one	 thing	 for	 our	 criminal	 to	 plot	 a	 kidnapping.	 He’s	 a	 criminal,	 he	 wants
money.	 But	 what	 are	 the	 chances	 of	 him	 finding	 a	 second	 person,	 someone	 he	 trusts
enough	to	reveal	his	dastardly	plans	to,	who’s	also	willing	to	get	involved?”
“Simple.	He	has	a	criminal	friend,	someone	he	met	in	jail.”
Ben	sealed	the	tobacco	paper.	“It’s	too	weak.”
“A	friend	with	whom	he	agrees	to	split	the	money?”
“It	would	have	to	be	an	awful	lot	of	money.	It’s	a	huge	risk.”
Alice	pressed	the	end	of	her	pen	against	her	lips,	tapping	lightly	as	she	pondered.	She
wondered	aloud,	“Why	would	a	person	agree	to	such	a	thing?	Why	would	someone	help
commit	a	serious	crime?	There	has	to	be	something	in	it	for	the	woman	as	well.”
“Woman?”
Alice	smiled	slyly.	“People	tend	not	to	suspect	women	of	crimes—not	when	they’re	to
do	with	children,	anyway.	A	woman	will	make	the	perfect	accomplice.”
“Well,	then”—he	knelt	by	the	edge	of	the	blanket—“they’re	in	love.	People	do	all	sorts
of	things	they	shouldn’t	for	love.”
Alice’s	heart	thumped	against	the	hard	earth	as	if	it	might	burst	free	from	her	rib	cage.
His	words	were	full	of	hidden	meaning.	Suggestions,	a	promise.	Lately	he’d	been	saying	a
lot	 more	 things	 like	 that,	 steering	 the	 conversation	 on	 to	 subjects	 like	 love	 and	 life	 and
sacrifice.	She	tried	to	keep	the	quiver	out	of	her	voice.	“Love.	Yes.”	Her	mind	was	filled
with	the	things	she’d	willingly	do	for	love.	She	could	feel	the	skin	on	her	neck	beginning
to	 flush;	 she	 was	 sure	 Ben	 would	 notice.	 She	 forced	 herself	 to	 think	 of	 her	 story,	 to
concentrate	only	on	its	plot.	“At	least,	he	thinks	that	they’re	in	love.”
“They’re	not?”
“Sadly	for	him,	no.	She	has	her	own	reason	for	getting	involved.”
“She’s	a	white-slaver?”
“She	wants	revenge.”
“Revenge?”
“Against	the	boy’s	family.”
“Why?”

Alice	 hadn’t	 thought	 that	 far	 ahead.	 She	 waved	 her	 hand	 impatiently.	 “What’s
important	is	that	she	plans	to	double-cross	her	lover.	She	agrees	to	help	him,	they	come	up
with	a	scheme,	steal	the	child	from	his	nursery,	and	then	they	take	him	to	another	place.
They	write	the	ransom	note	but	they	never	send	it.”
“Why	not?”
“Because	.	.	.	because	.	.	.”	The	swell	of	a	plot	breakthrough	warmed	her	from	within.
She	sat	up	quickly.	“Because	you’re	right.	The	woman	doesn’t	want	half	the	money.	She
wants	the	child.”
“She	does?”
“She	doesn’t	want	to	send	him	back;	she	wants	to	keep	him.	She’s	come	to	love	him.”
“That	was	quick.”
“He’s	a	lovely	child,	or	else	she	already	loved	him,	she’s	related	to	him	in	some	way.	It
doesn’t	matter	why,	only	that	she	does.	Perhaps	it’s	been	her	plan	all	along,	to	keep	him
for	herself.”
“Our	criminal	isn’t	going	to	like	that.”
“No,	he	certainly	isn’t.	He	needs	that	money,	it	was	his	plan	in	the	first	place,	and	he’s
gone	to	a	lot	of	trouble	and	expense	already	to	carry	out	the	kidnapping.”
“So?”
“So,	 they	 argue.	 The	 woman	 tries	 to	 take	 the	 child,	 the	 man	 threatens	 her,	 they
struggle.”	 A	 smile	 of	 realization	 spread	 across	 her	 face	 and	 she	 sighed	 with	 delighted
satisfaction.	“The	child	dies!”
“In	the	struggle?”
“Why	not?”
“It	just	seems	rather	grim.”
“Then	 in	 his	 sleep	 .	 .	 .	 it	 hardly	 matters	 why.	 Perhaps	 he’s	 already	 unwell	 and	 he’s
sleeping	very	deeply.	Or	else”—she	sat	bolt	upright—“they’ve	drugged	him.	They	meant
to	make	the	kidnapping	go	more	smoothly,	but	they	miscalculated.	The	sleeping	pills	are
for	adults	and	the	dose	is	too	strong.	They	foil	their	own	plan.	The	ransom	note	is	never
sent,	and	neither	one	of	them	gets	a	single	penny	or	the	child.	Oh,	Ben	.	.	.”	She	reached
out	impulsively	to	squeeze	his	hand.	“It’s	perfect.”
Crossing	at	the	lights	near	South	Kensington	Tube	station,	Alice	spotted	the	green-painted
flower	stall	on	the	nearby	traffic	island.	In	the	tub	at	the	front	of	the	display	were	bunches
of	 roses	 and	 one	 arrangement	 in	 particular	 caught	 her	 eye,	 an	 assortment	 of	 colors	 that
brought	 to	 mind	 her	 mother’s	 description	 of	 the	 costume	 in	 Le	Spectre	de	la	rose.	 On	 a
whim,	she	decided	to	take	a	bunch	for	Deborah,	who	would	be	waiting	now,	glancing	at
the	clock	in	her	morning	room,	the	elegant	black	mantel	clock	that	had	been	a	wedding
gift,	 and	 wondering	 when	 Alice	 would	 arrive.	 She	 wouldn’t	 be	 idly	 waiting,	 mind,	 that
was	not	Deborah’s	way.	She	would	be	using	the	time	wisely,	dealing	with	correspondence

or	 polishing	 silver	 heirlooms,	 taking	 care	 of	 one	 of	 the	 many	 tasks	 with	 which	 genteel
ladies	of	a	certain	age	and	class	filled	their	time.
A	small	dark-haired	man	in	a	florist’s	apron	appeared	and	Alice	gestured	at	the	roses.
“Are	they	fragrant?”
“Very.”
“Natural?”	She	leaned	and	sniffed.
“As	the	rain	that	falls.”
Alice	 was	 dubious.	 She	 couldn’t	 abide	 the	 spritzing	 of	 flowers	 with	 scented	 oils,	 but
made	 the	 purchase	 anyway.	 The	 day	 of	 reckoning	 was	 upon	 her	 and	 she	 felt	 strangely
reckless.	She	waited	as	the	florist	wrapped	the	stems	in	butcher’s	paper	and	tied	the	bundle
with	brown	string,	and	then	continued	towards	Chelsea,	eyeing	the	blooms	as	she	walked.
Deborah	 would	 be	 pleased	 with	 them	 and	 Alice	 was	 glad.	 Her	 satisfaction	 was	 only
slightly	soured	by	the	creeping	concern	that	Deborah	might	suppose	the	gift	an	attempt	to
soften	her	up.
It	 was	 a	 strange	 thing	 to	 be	 on	 the	 way	 to	 confess	 a	 terrible	 secret	 to	 someone	 who
knew	 her	 almost	 as	 well	 as	 she	 knew	 herself.	 Alice	 had	 never	 told	 anybody	 else.	 In	 the
immediate	 aftermath	 of	 Theo’s	 kidnapping,	 she’d	 come	 very	 close	 to	 telling	 the	 police
everything	she	knew.	“It	was	Ben,”	she	practiced	over	and	over	in	her	mind,	going	so	far
as	to	tiptoe	down	the	stairs	and	lurk	by	the	library	door.	“Ben	Munro	took	Theo.	I	told	him
about	the	tunnel,	it	was	my	idea,	but	I	never	meant	for	this	to	happen.”	She	imagined	their
uncertain	 glances	 and	 heard	 herself	 saying,	 “I	 saw	 him	 that	 night,	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 the
woods.	I	left	the	party	and	went	for	a	walk.	It	was	dark,	but	the	fireworks	had	started	and	I
saw	him	near	the	tunnel	trapdoor.	I	know	it	was	him.”
Each	 time,	 though,	 she	 stopped	 herself,	 her	 instinct	 for	 self-preservation	 too	 strong.
She’d	 been	 weak	 and	 frightened	 and	 so	 she’d	 fallen	 back	 on	 faith.	 There	 would	 be	 a
ransom	note,	she	reasoned;	her	parents	had	money,	they	would	pay	the	sum	it	asked	and
Theo	would	be	returned.	Ben	would	have	the	amount	he	needed	to	help	his	friends	and	no
one	would	ever	know	the	part	Alice	had	played.
The	 days	 dragged	 by	 and	 she	 kept	 one	 eye	 on	 the	 investigation	 and	 the	 other	 on	 the
post.	She	heard	one	of	the	housemaids	tell	police	about	a	missing	bottle	of	sleeping	pills
but	she	thought	as	little	of	it	then	as	they	did.	It	wasn’t	until	day	three,	when	news	came	of
Mr.	 Llewellyn’s	 suicide	 and	 her	 mother’s	 grief	 threatened	 to	 overwhelm	 her,	 that	 Alice
realized	things	were	much	worse	than	she’d	thought.	She	overheard	Dr.	Gibbons	warning
Mother	 that	 the	 sleeping	 pills	 he’d	 prescribed	 were	 very	 strong—“Too	 many	 and	 you
won’t	wake	up”—and	her	mind	had	gone	back	to	that	afternoon	with	Ben,	the	way	she’d
belabored	the	importance	of	having	help	on	the	inside,	made	the	case	for	using	sleeping
tablets	to	drug	the	child,	raised	the	specter	of	what	would	happen	if	the	boy	was	given	too
many.
All	of	a	sudden	she	realized	what	the	lack	of	ransom	note	meant.	But	by	then	it	was	too
late	 to	 raise	 the	 alarm.	 Where	 once	 her	 confession	 might	 have	 led	 police	 to	 Theo,	 now
there	was	no	point.	And	she	would	have	had	to	explain	why	she’d	waited	three	days	to	say
anything.	They	would	know	she	was	responsible,	not	just	for	Theo’s	disappearance	but	for

his	 death.	 They	 would	 never	 forgive	 her.	 How	 could	 they?	 And	 so	 she’d	 said	 nothing.
She’d	kept	her	secret	for	seventy	years	and	told	no	one.	Until	now.
If	she	had	to	tell	anyone,	Alice	was	glad	that	it	was	Deborah.	They	were	close,	the	pair
of	them,	a	closeness	that	did	not	express	itself	in	a	need	to	spend	copious	amounts	of	time
in	one	another’s	company,	but	was	something	else	entirely,	something	intrinsic.	They	had
formed	 from	 the	 same	 soup.	 They	 were	 both	 still	 here.	 And,	 as	 Deborah	 never	 tired	 of
reminding	 her,	 she	 had	 been	 there	 the	 day	 Alice	 was	 born.	 “You	 weren’t	 at	 all	 what	 I’d
expected.	 Red	 and	 indignant—and	 naked!	 What	 a	 surprise	 that	 was.	 I	 watched	 you
squirming	 your	 raw	 little	 neck	 and	 screwing	 up	 your	 face	 the	 way	 babies	 do.	 Mother
didn’t	know	I’d	crept	inside	the	room	and	was	quite	astonished	when	I	walked	up	to	the
bed,	held	out	my	arms,	and	demanded	that	she	give	me	my	baby.	It	took	us	a	few	tense
moments	to	sort	out	our	differences.	She’d	told	me	so	many	times	during	the	pregnancy
that	a	new	baby	was	coming,	that	I	was	to	be	the	big	sister	and	it	was	my	job	to	take	care
of	you	for	as	long	as	we	both	should	live.	I’m	afraid	I	took	her	quite	at	her	word.	I	was
rather	shocked	and	terribly	disappointed	when	she	laughed	and	told	me	you	weren’t,	after
all,	mine	to	keep!”
Good,	kind,	responsible	Deborah.	What	was	she	going	to	say	when	she	learned	what
Alice	 had	 done?	 Alice	 had	 spent	 much	 of	 the	 past	 week	 trying	 to	 guess.	 Her	 own	 guilt
she’d	 come	 to	 terms	 with	 long	 ago.	 She	 had	 acted	 neither	 malignantly	 nor	 deliberately.
She	 was	 culpable	 because	 the	 whole	 thing	 had	 been	 her	 idea,	 but	 there	 was	 no	 need	 to
make	a	grand	confession	to	the	police;	not	now;	it	was	too	late	for	anything	to	be	done,
and	her	offense	was	not	of	the	kind	they	prosecuted.	Murder,	she	wrote?	Besides,	she	had
already	 been	 punished.	 She	 continued	 to	 be.	 Eleanor	 had	 been	 right.	 The	 world	 had	 its
own	way	of	keeping	the	scales	in	balance.	Guilty	characters	might	escape	prosecution,	but
they	never	escaped	justice.
For	all	her	attempts	to	differentiate	herself	from	Eleanor,	it	was	when	she	realized	that
her	mother	had	been	right	about	justice	that	Alice’s	writing	had	taken	a	leap	for	the	better.
She’d	left	behind	her	slavish	adherence	to	the	rationalism	of	Golden	Age	detective	stories,
and	Diggory	Brent	had	stepped	into	her	life,	taking	the	place	of	the	priggish,	self-satisfied
cypher	sleuths	she’d	been	working	with	to	that	point.	She	told	people—journalists,	readers
—he’d	come	to	her	in	a	dream,	which	was	almost	true.	She’d	found	him	at	the	bottom	of	a
whiskey	 bottle	 in	 the	 dying	 months	 of	 the	 war.	 She’d	 been	 thinking	 of	 Clemmie,	 the
conversation	 they	 never	 got	 to	 have	 about	 what	 Clemmie	 had	 glimpsed	 through	 the
boathouse	window.	It	still	made	Alice	grimace	to	think	that	her	younger	sister	had	been
there	that	afternoon	when	she	finally	offered	herself	to	Ben.	She’d	been	so	pleased	with
herself	when	she	knocked	lightly	on	his	door,	manuscript	in	hand.	Agatha	Christie	was	the
only	 other	 mystery	 novelist	 she	 knew	 of	 who’d	 dared	 to	 kill	 a	 child,	 and	 Alice	 couldn’t
wait	for	Ben	to	read	her	book	and	see	how	clever	she	was,	the	way	she’d	woven	their	plot
into	 her	 story.	 Her	 sixteen-year-old	 voice	 came	 floating	 back	 to	 her	 now	 across	 the
decades,	the	day	she’d	come	up	with	the	idea:	“A	tunnel,	Ben,	there’s	a	secret	tunnel.”
“Underground,	you	mean,	beneath	the	earth?”
“I	know	what	you’re	going	to	say,	so	you	needn’t	bother	saying	it.	You’re	going	to	say
that	it’s	unrealistic,	simplistic,	pantomime-like.	And	it’s	not!”	She’d	smiled	then	like	the
cat	 that	 had	 got	 the	 cream,	 and	 she’d	 told	 him	 all	 about	 their	 own	 hidden	 tunnel.	 The

concealed	entrance	near	the	nursery	on	the	second	floor	of	the	house,	the	latch	with	the
old-fashioned	mechanism	that	had	to	be	jiggled	just	so	to	open,	the	final	ladder	hewn	into
the	hard	stone	wall	that	led	to	the	woods	and	the	way	to	freedom.	Everything	he	needed	to
know	to	sneak	a	child	out	of	Loeanneth.
Alice	had	reached	Chelsea	already.	Shoppers	with	bags	from	boutiques	along	the	King’s
Road	brushed	past	in	both	directions,	and	down	the	road	she	could	glimpse	the	stairs	that
led	 up	 to	 Deborah’s	 house.	 The	 number	 56	 was	 painted	 in	 glossy	 black	 on	 the	 white
column	 out	 front	 and	 a	 pair	 of	 pots	 with	 red	 geraniums	 stood	 either	 side	 of	 the	 bottom
step.	She	steeled	herself	and	headed	towards	them.
A	 leafy	 communal	 garden	 filled	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 square,	 its	 black	 iron	 gate	 locked
against	outsiders,	and	Alice	hesitated	beneath	a	thick	sweep	of	ivy.	It	was	quieter	here,	the
bustle	of	the	main	road	softened	by	the	tall	Victorian	buildings	that	stood	on	all	four	sides
of	the	square.	Swallows	twittered	to	one	another	in	the	branches	above,	the	sound	more
enchanting	 and	 otherworldly	 for	 its	 contrast	 with	 the	 general	 urban	 hum.	 Through	 the
dimpled	glass	of	Deborah’s	morning-room	window,	Alice	could	just	make	out	the	shape	of
a	 tall,	 lean	 figure.	 Alice	 Edevane	 was	 not	 a	 person	 who	 made	 a	 habit	 of	 breaking
engagements,	certainly	not	when	the	other	party	was	there	waiting	for	her,	but	oh,	how	a
part	of	her	longed	to	keep	on	walking.	Her	heart	gave	a	flutter	at	this	glimpse	of	escape.
She	could	simply	pretend	that	she’d	forgotten,	laugh	when	Deborah	rang	to	check	on	her,
blame	it	on	old	age.	She	was	old,	after	all.	Not	older	or	aging	or	any	of	those	other	words
people	used	because	they	thought	they	were	softer	and	more	palatable.	Alice	was	old,	and
old	 people	 were	 accorded	 certain	 privileges.	 But,	 no,	 she	 knew	 it	 was	 a	 fancy.	 The
reprieve	would	only	be	brief.	It	was	time.
She	knocked	on	the	door	and	was	caught	off-guard	when	it	opened	almost	immediately.
More	 surprising	 was	 the	 fact	 that	 it	 was	 Deborah	 herself	 who	 opened	 it.	 She	 was
beautifully	dressed	as	always,	in	a	draping	silk	dress	that	tied	about	her	narrow	waist.	Her
hair	was	scooped	into	an	elegant	silver	chignon.
The	sisters	nodded	at	one	another	but	neither	said	a	word.	With	a	slight	smile,	Deborah
stood	aside,	indicating	with	her	hand	that	Alice	should	come	in.
The	house	was	spotless	and	gleaming,	bountiful	floral	arrangements	exquisite	on	every
surface.	 Alice	 remembered	 now.	 Fresh	 flower	 deliveries	 arrived	 every	 third	 day	 from	 a
shop	in	Sloane	Square,	the	order	was	longstanding.	She	looked	at	the	bunch	of	roses	in	her
hands.	They	seemed	paltry	suddenly,	a	folly.	She	held	them	out	nevertheless.	“Here.	For
you.”
“Oh,	Alice,	thank	you,	they’re	lovely.”
“It’s	nothing.	Silly.	They	reminded	me	of	Mother,	that’s	all,	Nijinsky—”
“The	 Bakst	 costume.”	 Deborah	 smiled,	 lifting	 the	 flowers	 to	 her	 nose,	 as	 much,	 it
seemed	 to	 Alice,	 to	 steal	 a	 moment	 as	 to	 sample	 their	 fragrance.	 Of	 course,	 she	 was
dreading	the	meeting	as	much	as	Alice	was.	Kindhearted	Deborah	would	take	no	joy	from
the	conversation	to	come.

Alice	followed	her	sister	into	the	morning	room,	where	Maria,	more	personal	assistant
than	housekeeper,	was	unloading	tea	things	onto	the	coffee	table.	She	straightened,	empty
tray	under	her	arm,	and	asked	whether	there	was	anything	else	they	needed.
“A	vase,	if	you	wouldn’t	mind,	Maria.	Alice	brought	these.	Aren’t	they	beautiful?”
“Lovely	colors,”	Maria	agreed.	“Would	you	like	them	here,	in	the	morning	room?”
“My	bedroom,	I	think.”
Maria	swept	the	flowers	from	Deborah’s	hand	and	left	in	a	streak	of	brisk	efficiency.
Alice	fought	the	urge	to	call	her	back,	to	ask	after	her	mother	or	her	many	siblings,	to	keep
the	housekeeper	there	just	a	little	longer.	But	she	didn’t,	and	the	room’s	air	particles	settled
to	fill	the	space	Maria	had	left	behind.
The	sisters	met	each	other’s	gaze	and	without	a	word	sat	down	opposite	one	another	on
the	linen	settees.	Alice	noticed	then	a	book	on	the	table	between	them,	a	leather	bookmark
holding	 a	 place	 near	 the	 end.	 Recognition	 was	 instant	 and	 visceral.	 Their	 father	 had
carried	 the	 edition	 of	 Keats’s	 poems	 with	 him	 always,	 a	 favorite	 from	 which	 he	 drew
comfort	over	the	years,	clasping	it	to	him	even	on	his	deathbed.	The	sight	of	it	now	made
her	cheeks	warm,	as	if	her	parents	were	with	them	in	the	room,	waiting	to	hear	what	she
had	done.
“Tea?”
“Please.”
The	 clean,	 crisp	 gurgle	 of	 tea	 being	 poured	 from	 the	 pot	 was	 excruciating.	 Alice	 felt
that	all	her	senses	were	sharpened.	She	was	aware	of	a	fly	teetering	on	the	side	of	the	tray,
of	Maria	moving	about	upstairs,	of	the	faint	lingering	scent	of	lemon	furniture	polish.	The
room	was	very	warm	and	she	slipped	a	fingertip	beneath	her	collar	to	lift	it	from	her	neck.
The	weight	of	her	impending	confession	pressed.	“Deborah,	I	need	to—”
“No.”
“Pardon?”
“Please.”	Deborah	set	down	the	teapot	and	pressed	her	fingertips	together	firmly.	She
clasped	her	hands	and	pushed	them	into	her	lap.	The	gesture	was	one	of	anguish.	Her	face
was	pale	and	drawn,	and	suddenly	Alice	realized	she’d	got	it	all	wrong.	That	she	wasn’t
here	to	talk	 about	 Ben;	 that	 her	 sister	 was	 ill,	 dying	 even,	 and	 she,	 Alice,	 had	 been	 too
self-absorbed	to	notice.
“Deborah?”
Her	sister’s	mouth	tightened.	Her	voice	was	little	more	than	a	whisper.	“Oh,	Alice,	it’s
such	a	burden.”
“What	is	it?”
“I	should	have	said	something	years	ago.	I	meant	to,	I	did.	There	have	been	so	many
occasions	over	the	years	when	I	almost—and	then,	the	other	day	at	the	museum,	when	you
mentioned	Loeanneth,	the	gardener.	You	surprised	me,	I	wasn’t	ready.”

Not	an	illness,	then.	Of	course	not.	Alice	almost	laughed	at	her	own	boundless	instinct
for	self-preservation.	Here	she	was,	sitting	in	the	confessional,	still	looking	for	an	escape
hatch.	Outside,	a	taxi	trundled	up	the	street.	Alice	saw	the	flash	of	black	through	the	gauze
curtains.	She	wanted	to	be	inside	that	taxi,	going	away,	away,	to	anywhere	but	here.
“Theo,”	 said	 Deborah,	 and	 Alice	 closed	 her	 eyes,	 waiting	 for	 what	 she	 knew	 was
coming.	“I	know	what	happened	to	him.”
After	all	her	agonizing,	after	years	of	keeping	the	secret	to	herself,	of	living	with	the
guilt,	 it	 was	 over.	 Alice	 felt	 surprisingly	 light.	 She	 hadn’t	 even	 needed	 to	 say	 it	 herself,
Deborah	already	knew.	“Deborah,”	she	started,	“I—”
“I	know	everything,	Alice.	I	know	what	happened	to	Theo,	and	the	fact	of	it	is	driving
me	mad.	It	was	my	fault,	you	see.	Everything	that	happened	was	my	fault.”

19
OXFORD,	2003

It	 turned	 out	 Rose	 Waters	 had	 a	 great-niece	 living	 in	 Oxford.	 Margot	 Sinclair	 was
headmistress	 of	 a	 fancy	 public	 school	 and	 “a	 very	 busy	 person.”	 Her	 secretary	 had,
however,	managed	to	find	Sadie	a	half-hour	appointment	at	one	o’clock	sharp	on	Tuesday.
She	hadn’t	actually	said	the	word	sharp,	but	it	had	been	implied.
The	interview	was	a	long	shot—most	people	didn’t	maintain	the	closest	of	relationships
with	their	great-aunt—but	Sadie,	eager	as	a	hound	and	with	not	much	else	in	the	way	of
leads,	was	there	by	midday	and	focused	on	the	questions	she’d	jotted	down.	Preparation
was	 key.	 It	 was	 going	 to	 take	 a	 very	 delicate	 touch	 to	 draw	 out	 Margot	 Sinclair	 on	 the
subject	of	her	great-aunt’s	possible	involvement	in	the	kidnapping	of	her	own	illegitimate
child;	a	boy	born	secretly	and	passed	off	as	the	son	of	her	employers.
“You	sure	you’re	not	turning	out	a	novel?”	Bertie	had	asked	when	she	tried	the	theory
out	on	him.
She	rolled	her	eyes.	It	was	breakfast	time,	the	morning	after	they’d	had	their	almostargument,	and	both	were	trying	extra	hard	to	sound	light	and	breezy.
“All	 right,	 all	 right.	 Remind	 me	 again	 why	 the	 Edevanes	 would	 have	 taken	 on	 the
child?”
“Because	they	had	trouble	conceiving	again	after	their	third	daughter	and	they	wanted	a
son,	desperately.	A	decade	went	by	and	although	Eleanor	finally	fell	pregnant	in	1931,	the
baby	 was	 stillborn	 the	 following	 year—that’s	 what	 Constance	 was	 trying	 to	 tell	 people,
but	 no	 one	 listened.	 You	 can	 only	 imagine	 how	 awful	 it	 must’ve	 been,	 how	 unfair	 they
must	have	thought	it,	particularly	knowing	that	Rose	Waters,	their	unmarried	nanny,	was
also	secretly	pregnant,	surely	with	a	child	she	couldn’t	keep.	It	doesn’t	take	that	much	of	a
leap	to	see	what	happened	next.	They’d	have	been	falling	over	themselves	to	take	the	baby
off	her	hands,	don’t	you	think?”
He	scratched	his	whiskery	chin,	before	conceding	with	a	nod	that	it	was	possible.	“The
craving	for	a	baby	is	certainly	a	powerful	thing.	My	mother	used	to	joke	that	if	I	hadn’t
come	along	when	I	did,	she’d	have	started	eyeing	babies	in	prams	at	the	park.”
“Only,	Eleanor	Edevane	didn’t	have	to	steal	a	baby	from	a	pram.	A	little	boy	in	need	of
a	good	home	fell	right	into	her	lap,	so	to	speak.	And	everything	worked	out	perfectly	until
Eleanor	fired	Rose,	and	Rose	decided	she	wanted	her	baby	back.”
“Pretty	risky	move,	firing	the	child’s	natural	mother.”
“Maybe	it	was	becoming	risky	having	her	there.	That’s	what	I	intend	to	find	out.”

He	 sighed	 thoughtfully.	 “I	 suppose	 it’s	 not	 the	 craziest	 theory	 you’ve	 ever	 come	 up
with.”
“Thanks,	Granddad.”
“Now	you	just	need	to	run	it	past	someone	who	knew	Rose	Waters.”
Alastair	was	the	one	who’d	found	Margot	Sinclair.	The	morning	after	she	came	up	with
the	theory,	Sadie	had	gone	straight	down	to	the	library	and	been	pacing	back	and	forth	on
the	pavement	out	front	when	he	arrived	to	open	up.	“Coffee?”	she’d	said,	handing	over	a
takeaway	cup.	He’d	raised	his	snowy	eyebrows	but	hadn’t	said	a	word,	ushering	her	inside
as	she	explained	in	a	halting	fashion	what	she	was	thinking.	Evidently	he	caught	the	gist,
because	 when	 she	 finished	 and	 drew	 breath	 he	 said,	 “You	 need	 to	 find	 someone	 who
knows	what	happened	to	Rose	after	she	left	Loeanneth.”
“Exactly.”
He’d	 spun	 into	 action,	 pulling	 dusty	 folders	 off	 shelves,	 typing	 things	 into	 search
engines	on	the	computer,	flipping	through	file	cards,	and	then	finally,	“Bingo!”	Something
about	old	employment	records,	the	census,	next	of	kin,	and	then	he’d	announced	that	Rose
Waters’s	 sister	 Edith	 had	 lived	 in	 the	 Lake	 District,	 and	 Edith	 had	 a	 granddaughter	 who
could	now	be	found	in	Oxford.	Sadie’s	mate	in	Traffic	had	done	the	rest—she	definitely
owed	him	a	bottle	of	something	nice	when	she	got	back	to	London—leaving	the	school’s
address	 in	 a	 message	 on	 her	 phone.	 “I	 hope	 this	 is	 all	 aboveboard,	 Sparrow,”	 he’d	 said
before	signing	off.
“Totally,	Dave,”	Sadie	muttered,	gathering	her	notes	together	and	pushing	them	into	her
bag.	 “Totally.”	 The	 dashboard	 clock	 read	 ten	 to	 one,	 so	 she	 locked	 her	 car	 and	 crossed
between	 the	 pair	 of	 griffintopped	 pillars,	 following	 a	 wide	 entrance	 path	 towards	 a
building	that	wouldn’t	have	looked	out	of	place	next	to	Buckingham	Palace.	It	was	lunch
break	and	kids	in	boater	hats	and	blazers	were	milling	about	in	small	groups	on	the	vast
stretch	 of	 manicured	 lawn.	 In	 this	 world,	 this	 sunlit	 circle	 quite	 outside	 the	 one	 Sadie
usually	 moved	 in,	 she	 felt	 suddenly	 underdressed	 in	 jeans	 and	 a	 T-shirt.	 They	 gleamed,
those	kids,	with	their	braces-clad	teeth	and	thick,	glossy	ponytails,	their	fearless	laughter
and	their	shimmering	futures.
She	 found	 the	 administration	 office	 and	 gave	 her	 name	 to	 a	 demure	 young	 woman
behind	a	dark	wooden	desk.	“Please	take	a	seat,”	the	woman	said	in	a	polite	half-whisper.
“Dr.	Sinclair	will	be	with	you	soon.”
The	 reception	 was	 quiet	 of	 voices	 but	 busy	 with	 the	 noise	 of	 industry.	 The	 furious
thrum	 of	 the	 receptionist’s	 fingers	 on	 the	 keyboard,	 the	 canter	 of	 the	 clock,	 an	 air
conditioner	humming	importantly.	Sadie	realized	she	was	biting	her	thumbnail	again	and
stopped.	She	told	herself	to	calm	down.
In	the	outside	world,	the	real	world,	Sadie	wore	her	lack	of	formal	education	proudly.
“You	and	me,	Sparrow,”	Donald	had	said	on	more	than	one	occasion,	flinging	a	look	of
withering	 disdain	 over	 his	 shoulder	 at	 the	 “expert”	 they’d	 just	 got	 shot	 of	 interviewing,
“we’re	 streetwise.	 A	 hundred	 bits	 of	 paper	 telling	 the	 world	 how	 clever	 you	 are	 doesn’t
equal	that.”	It	was	a	very	agreeable	worldview,	equating	education	with	wealth	and	wealth

with	posh	and	posh	with	moral	bankruptcy.	It	made	Sadie	better	at	her	job.	She’d	seen	the
way	people	like	Nancy	Bailey	flinched	and	withdrew	when	Inspector	Parr-Wilson	started
talking	at	them	in	his	cut-glass	accent.	It	was	only	when	she	came	to	places	like	this	that
Sadie	felt	the	niggling	of	what	might	have	been.
She	straightened	her	collar	as	the	clock’s	minute	hand	leapt	to	vertical.	One	o’clock	on
the	dot	and	the	office	door	opened.	A	statuesque	woman	in	a	cream	suit	appeared,	sleek
brown	hair	grazing	her	shoulders	as	she	tilted	her	head	and	widened	her	sea-blue	eyes	at
her	visitor.	“DC	Sparrow?	I’m	Margot	Sinclair.	Please,	do	come	in.”
Sadie	 did	 as	 she	 was	 told,	 chiding	 herself	 for	 trotting.	 “Thanks	 for	 seeing	 me,	 Mrs.
Sinclair.”
“Dr.	Sinclair.	I’m	not	married,”	said	the	headmistress,	smiling	briskly	as	she	sat	behind
her	 desk.	 She	 indicated	 with	 a	 sweep	 of	 the	 hand	 that	 Sadie	 should	 do	 likewise	 on	 the
other	side.
“Dr.	Sinclair,”	Sadie	corrected	herself.	It	wasn’t	the	most	auspicious	of	starts.	“I’m	not
sure	how	much	your	secretary	told	you?”
“Jenny	 told	 me	 you’re	 interested	 in	 my	 maternal	 great-aunt,	 Rose	 Martin—Rose
Waters,	before	she	was	married.”	She	had	a	way	of	glancing	over	her	glasses	and	down
her	 nose	 that	 suggested	 interest	 without	 suspicion.	 “You’re	 a	 police	 officer.	 Are	 you
working	on	a	case?”
“Yes,”	said	Sadie,	before	deciding	Margot	Sinclair	was	one	for	crossing	“t’s	and	dotting
i’s,”	and	adding,	“Though	not	officially.	It’s	a	cold	case.”
“Is	it?”	The	other	woman	leaned	back	in	her	chair.	“How	intriguing.”
“A	missing	child,	back	in	the	1930s.	His	disappearance	was	never	solved.”
“I	 take	 it	 my	 great-aunt	 is	 not	 a	 suspect?”	 Margot	 Sinclair	 seemed	 amused	 by	 the
prospect.
Sadie	smiled	in	return,	hoping	the	gesture	implied	agreement.	“It	was	a	long	time	ago,
and	 I’m	 clutching	 at	 straws,	 really,	 but	 I	 was	 hoping	 to	 find	 out	 a	 little	 about	 her	 life
before	she	married.	I’m	not	sure	whether	you	know,	but	she	worked	as	a	nanny	when	she
was	young.”
“On	the	contrary,”	Margot	Sinclair	said,	“I	know	a	great	deal	about	Rose’s	professional
life.	She	was	one	of	the	subjects	of	my	postdoctoral	dissertation	on	women’s	education.
She	was	a	governess.	She	taught	children	of	the	aristocracy.”
“A	governess?	Not	a	nanny?”
“She	 started	 that	 way,	 when	 she	 was	 very	 young,	 but	 she	 went	 on	 to	 become	 a
governess	and	later	a	teacher	of	some	note.	Rose	was	incredibly	clever	and	self-motivated.
It	was	no	easy	thing	back	then	to	acquire	the	necessary	training	to	lift	one’s	station	in	life.”
It	wasn’t	so	easy	now,	thought	Sadie.
“I’ve	a	copy	of	my	dissertation	here.”	Margot	went	swiftly	to	a	wall	of	bookshelves	and
took	down	a	leather-bound	tome,	pausing	to	wipe	the	dustless	top.	“It	doesn’t	get	much	of
an	airing	these	days,	but	I	was	passionate	about	the	subject	when	I	was	studying.	It	sounds

daft,	 perhaps,	 but	 Rose	 was,	 and	 continues	 to	 be,	 my	 inspiration.	 Throughout	 my	 career
I’ve	held	her	up	as	a	shining	example	of	what’s	possible	with	a	bit	of	application.”
Returning	to	her	seat,	Margot	began	an	enthusiastic	description	of	her	thesis	argument,
while	Sadie’s	gaze	lifted	to	take	in	the	array	of	framed	qualifications	hung	neatly	on	the
wall	behind	the	desk.	A	doctorate	from	Oxford	in	biology,	a	second	degree	in	education,
various	other	accomplishments	and	achievements.	Sadie	wondered	what	it	would	feel	like
to	 go	 through	 life	 with	 proof,	 gold-etched	 and	 ebony-framed,	 that	 you	 were	 worth
something.	Smart.
Sadie	 had	 been	 fifteen	 when	 at	 the	 urging	 of	 her	 headmaster	 she’d	 agreed	 to	 sit	 the
scholarship	exam	for	the	fancy	girls’	school	in	the	neighboring	town.	She	still	remembered
the	 letter	 arriving	 to	 tell	 them	 she’d	 been	 awarded	 a	 place	 for	 the	 sixth	 form,	 but	 the
memory	 had	 taken	 on	 the	 surreal	 air	 of	 a	 dream.	 The	 trip	 to	 purchase	 her	 uniform,
however,	was	burned	into	her	psyche.	Sadie	and	her	mother	had	gone	together,	her	mother
dressed	carefully	in	what	she	imagined	the	polo	set	wore,	tight	with	nerves	as	she	walked
beside	Sadie,	determined,	as	always,	to	perform	perfectly.	Everything	was	going	well	until
they	became	lost	between	quadrangles.	The	assigned	appointment	was	strictly	one	hour;
the	faithless	clock	on	the	stone	tower	was	slicing	further	into	it;	and	her	mother	had	had
one	of	the	anxiety	attacks	they	all	agreed	to	call	“asthma.”	Her	mother	was	a	perfectionist
and	 a	 snob,	 and	 the	 grandeur	 of	 the	 place,	 the	 pent-up	 pressure	 to	 prove	 herself,	 the
realization	that	their	tardiness	was	going	to	“ruin	everything,”	was	too	much.	Sadie	found
a	 bench	 for	 them	 to	 sit	 on	 while	 her	 mother	 recovered,	 and	 then	 she	 flagged	 down	 a
groundsman	 who	 gave	 her	 directions	 to	 the	 uniform	 shop.	 They	 arrived	 with	 twenty
minutes	left	in	the	hour,	which	her	mother	spent	in	silent	reproach	while	a	woman	ran	a
tape	measure	up	Sadie’s	legs	and	spoke	with	reverent	familiarity	of	“the	tweed	coat”	and
“our	little	velvet	beret”	and	other	things	Sadie	couldn’t	imagine	wearing.
In	the	end	she	hadn’t	needed	to.	She	met	a	boy	over	the	summer,	a	good-looking	boy
with	 a	 car	 and	 a	 winning	 way,	 and	 by	 the	 time	 school	 started	 she	 was	 pregnant.	 She
postponed	her	enrollment,	planning	to	go	back	the	following	year,	but	by	the	time	it	was
all	over	she	was	a	different	person.
Even	if	Sadie	had	been	able	to	see	herself	right	to	start,	when	the	new	school	year	came
round	her	parents	wouldn’t	have	her	back—they’d	told	their	friends	she	was	finishing	high
school	on	exchange	in	America;	how	would	it	look	if	she	came	back	a	year	early?—and
the	scholarship	didn’t	include	boarding	fees.	Ruth	and	Bertie	had	assured	her	they’d	find
some	 way	 to	 work	 things	 out,	 but	 Sadie	 knew	 they	 wouldn’t	 be	 able	 to	 meet	 the	 costs
without	going	into	serious	debt.	It	was	too	much	to	ask;	she’d	thanked	them	but	told	them
no.	 They	 weren’t	 pleased	 with	 her	 decision	 as	 they	 wanted	 the	 best	 for	 her,	 but	 Sadie
promised	herself,	and	them,	that	she	was	going	to	be	a	success	on	her	own	terms	and	she
didn’t	need	a	fancy	school	for	that.	She	finished	her	A	levels	at	night	school	and	joined	the
police.	A	surprise	to	her	grandparents,	but	not	an	unpleasant	one.	They	were	just	relieved
by	 then	 that	 she	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 wind	 up	 on	 the	 wrong	 side	 of	 the	 law.	 It	 had	 looked	 a
little	hairy	for	a	while	there,	after	the	baby,	when	Sadie	was	in	free	fall.
“So	there	you	have	it,”	said	Margot	Sinclair,	passing	her	thesis	across	the	desk	to	Sadie.
“I’m	not	sure	it	will	answer	all	your	questions,	but	it	will	certainly	give	you	a	better	idea

of	 who	 Rose	 was.	 Now,	 shall	 we	 get	 down	 to	 it?	 I’m	 afraid	 I’ve	 another	 appointment
scheduled	in	fifteen	minutes.”
Margot’s	 manner	 was	 brisk	 but	 willing,	 which	 suited	 Sadie	 perfectly.	 She’d	 been
wondering	how	the	other	woman	would	react	to	questions	about	Rose’s	personal	life,	just
how	 carefully	 she’d	 have	 to	 tiptoe	 around	 the	 subject,	 but	 with	 the	 clock	 ticking	 and
Margot	Sinclair	nodding	her	no-nonsense	encouragement,	Sadie	decided	just	to	jump.	“I
believe	your	great-aunt	had	a	baby	when	she	was	a	young	woman,	Dr.	Sinclair.	Before	she
was	 married.	 Back	 when	 she	 was	 working	 as	 a	 nanny	 for	 a	 family	 in	 Cornwall,	 the
Edevanes.”
There	 was	 a	 moment’s	 stunned	 silence	 as	 Margot	 Sinclair	 absorbed	 the	 statement.
Sadie	waited	for	her	to	exclaim	or	refute	or	deny	it,	but	she	seemed	to	be	in	a	state	of	some
shock,	sitting	very	still	as	a	small	muscle	in	her	jaw	flexed.	Sadie’s	matter-of-fact	claim
hung	heavily	in	the	air	between	them	and	it	seemed,	in	retrospect,	that	a	slightly	gentler
approach	might	have	been	in	order.	Sadie	was	trying	to	think	of	a	way	to	smooth	things
over	when	the	other	woman	drew	a	deep	breath	and	then	exhaled	steadily.	Something	in
her	 expression	 caught	 Sadie’s	 attention.	 She	 was	 surprised,	 certainly,	 that	 was	 to	 be
expected,	 but	 there	 was	 something	 else.	 Suddenly,	 Sadie	 realized.	 “You	 already	 knew
about	the	baby,”	she	said	in	wonder.
Margot	 Sinclair	 didn’t	 answer,	 not	 at	 once.	 She	 got	 up	 from	 her	 desk	 and	 went	 with
Swiss-finishing-school	deportment	to	check	the	office	door	was	properly	sealed.	Satisfied,
she	turned	and	said	quietly,	“It	was	always	something	of	a	family	secret.”
Sadie	tried	not	to	let	her	excitement	show.	She’d	been	right!	“Do	you	know	when	Rose
fell	pregnant?”
“In	late	1931.”	Margot	sat	down	again,	folding	her	fingers	into	a	neat	plait.	“The	baby
was	born	in	June	1932.”
Practically	the	same	birthday	as	Theo	Edevane.	Sadie’s	voice	was	quivering	a	little	as
she	said,	“And	yet	she	resumed	work	at	Loeanneth	just	a	month	or	so	later?”
“That’s	right.”
“What	did	she	do	with	the	baby?”	Sadie	waited	for	the	answer	she	knew	was	coming.
Margot	Sinclair	removed	her	glasses,	holding	them	in	one	hand	as	she	looked	down	her
nose	 at	 Sadie.	 “DC	 Sparrow,	 I’m	 sure	 I	 don’t	 need	 to	 tell	 you	 that	 times	 were	 different
then.	Young	women	who	fell	pregnant	outside	marriage	did	not	have	an	easy	time	of	it.
Besides	which,	Rose	had	no	means	to	look	after	a	baby,	not	then.”
“She	gave	the	baby	up?”
“She	had	to.”
Sadie	 could	 barely	 contain	 her	 thrill.	 She	 was	 on	 the	 cusp	 of	 finding	 Theo	 Edevane
after	all	this	time.	“Do	you	know	who	she	gave	him	to?”
“Of	course	I	do.	She	had	a	sister	up	north	who	was	willing	to	take	the	baby	and	raise	it
as	her	own.	And	it	wasn’t	a	boy,	it	was	a	girl.	My	mother,	as	it	happens.”
“She—?	What?”

Margot	 continued,	 “That’s	 why	 Rose	 was	 so	 upset	 when	 she	 was	 dismissed	 by	 the
Edevane	family.	She	felt	she’d	given	up	her	own	child,	she’d	poured	all	her	love	into	their
baby	instead,	only	to	be	fired	for	something	trivial.”
“But—”	 Sadie	 cleared	 her	 throat,	 still	 trying	 to	 catch	 up	 with	 her	 thoughts.	 “But	 if
Rose’s	baby	went	to	live	up	north,	who	was	Theo	Edevane’s	mother?”
“Well,	 you’re	 the	 detective,	 DC	 Sparrow,	 but	 I’d	 have	 rather	 thought	 his	 mother	 was
Mrs.	Edevane?”
Sadie	frowned.	It	made	no	sense.	She’d	been	so	certain.	Eleanor’s	inability	to	conceive
another	child—a	son—for	so	long,	followed	by	a	stillborn	baby;	Rose’s	secret	pregnancy,
the	 timing	 of	 which	 fitted	 so	 perfectly;	 Eleanor	 firing	 Rose;	 Rose	 taking	 back	 her	 son.
Only	 she	 hadn’t	 had	 a	 son,	 she’d	 had	 a	 daughter,	 Margot	 Sinclair’s	 mother,	 raised	 from
birth	 in	 the	 Lake	 District	 by	 Rose	 Waters’s	 sister.	 And	 there	 was	 no	 proof	 anyway	 that
Eleanor	 had	 lost	 the	 baby	 she	 was	 pregnant	 with,	 only	 the	 rambling	 testimony	 of
Constance	deShiel.	The	whole	theory	collapsed	like	a	house	of	cards.
“Are	 you	 all	 right,	 DC	 Sparrow?	 You’re	 very	 pale.”	 Margot	 pressed	 a	 button	 on	 her
desktop	intercom.	“Jenny?	Some	water,	please.”
The	 secretary	 brought	 in	 a	 round	 tray	 with	 a	 carafe	 and	 two	 glasses.	 Sadie	 sipped	 at
hers,	 grateful	 for	 something	 to	 do	 while	 she	 collected	 her	 wits.	 Gradually,	 she	 felt	 her
mojo	 returning	 and	 a	 host	 of	 new	 questions	 floated	 to	 the	 surface.	 Rose	 might	 not	 have
been	Theo’s	mother,	but	she	was	still	fired	suddenly	and	unexpectedly,	suspiciously	close
to	 his	 abduction.	 Why?	 If	 it	 wasn’t	 because	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 felt	 threatened	 by	 her
maternal	 presence,	 what	 had	 Rose	 done	 to	 put	 her	 employer	 offside?	 There	 must	 have
been	 a	 reason.	 People	 who	 were	 proficient	 at	 their	 jobs	 and	 well	 loved	 by	 those	 they
worked	for	were	not	usually	let	go.	She	asked	Margot.
“I	don’t	think	she	ever	understood	that.	I	know	it	hurt	her	a	great	deal.	She	told	me	she
loved	working	at	Loeanneth.	When	I	was	a	child	and	she	came	to	visit,	she	used	to	tell	me
stories	about	that	house	on	the	lake,	and	I	always	felt	a	kinship,	an	envy,	too,	for	the	little
girls	 who	 grew	 up	 there.	 The	 way	 Rose	 told	 it,	 I	 half	 believed	 there	 were	 fairies	 in	 that
garden.	She	was	fond	of	her	employers,	too;	she	spoke	well	of	them,	particularly	Anthony
Edevane.”
“Oh?”	That	was	interesting.	Sadie	thought	back	to	her	meeting	with	Clive,	his	account
of	the	interview	with	Constance	deShiel	in	which	she	intimated	there’d	been	some	sort	of
infidelity	going	on	that	might	be	relevant	to	the	child’s	disappearance.	“Do	you	think	it’s
possible	she	became	too	close	to	her	employer?	To	Anthony	Edevane?”
“An	affair,	you	mean?”
Margot	Sinclair’s	frankness	made	Sadie	wince	at	her	own	coy	euphemism.	She	nodded.
“He’s	mentioned	in	her	letters,	I	know	she	admired	him.	He	was	a	very	clever	man,	and
she	had	sympathy	for	him,	of	course,	but	I	never	had	the	impression	there	was	more	to	it
than	 that.	 She	 does	 credit	 him	 at	 one	 point	 with	 the	 suggestion	 that	 she’d	 make	 an
excellent	teacher,	encouraging	her	to	pursue	study	in	the	future.”
“But	no	romance?	Not	even	a	hint?”

“Nothing	of	the	sort.	In	fact,	I	think	that	after	her	pregnancy	Rose	was	very	cautious
about	getting	involved	romantically.	She	didn’t	marry	until	she	was	almost	forty,	and	there
was	no	indication	she	was	courted	before	then.”
Another	dead	end.	Sadie	sighed.	She	had	lost	the	battle	to	keep	desperation	out	of	her
voice.	“Is	there	anything	else	you	can	think	of?	Anything	that	might	be	relevant	to	Rose
leaving	the	Edevanes’	employment?”
“There	is	something.	I	don’t	know	that	it’s	relevant,	exactly,	but	it	is	a	bit	odd.”
Sadie	nodded	encouragement.
“Rose	never	understood	why	she	was	fired,	which	made	it	all	the	more	perplexing	that
the	Edevanes	gave	her	an	excellent	reference	and	a	very	generous	parting	gift.”
“What	sort	of	gift?
“Money.	Enough	to	fund	the	travel	and	study	that	set	her	up	for	the	rest	of	her	career.”
Sadie	took	this	in.	But	why	fire	someone	and	then	reward	them	handsomely?	All	she
could	think	of	was	that	the	money	was	a	bribe,	but	there	didn’t	seem	to	be	a	lot	of	point	in
bribing	someone	who	had	no	idea	what	it	was	they	weren’t	supposed	to	tell.
There	 was	 a	 knock	 and	 the	 receptionist	 poked	 her	 head	 around	 the	 door	 to	 remind
Margot	 Sinclair	 that	 she	 was	 due	 at	 her	 meeting	 with	 the	 board	 of	 governors	 in	 five
minutes.
“Well,	then,”	the	headmistress	said,	with	an	apologetic	smile,	“I’m	afraid	I’m	going	to
have	to	say	goodbye.	I	don’t	know	how	much	help	I’ve	been.”
Sadie	wasn’t	entirely	sure	either,	but	she	shook	Margot	Sinclair’s	hand	and	thanked	her
for	her	time.	She	was	at	the	door	when	something	occurred	to	her.	She	turned	and	said,
“One	more	thing,	Dr.	Sinclair,	if	you	don’t	mind?”
“Not	at	all.”
“You	 said	 before	 that	 Rose	 was	 sympathetic	 towards	 Anthony	 Edevane.	 Why
sympathetic?	What	did	you	mean	by	that?”
“Only	that	her	own	father	had	been	similarly	afflicted,	so	she	understood	what	he	was
suffering.”
“Afflicted?”
“My	 great-grandfather	 had	 a	 dreadful	 war.	 Well,	 I	 don’t	 suppose	 there	 was	 any	 other
sort.	 Gassed	 at	 Ypres,	 and	 then	 sent	 back	 into	 the	 trenches.	 He	 was	 never	 the	 same,
Granny	said.	He	suffered	nightmares	and	dreadful	dark	patches;	he	used	to	keep	them	all
awake	with	his	ranting.	Post-traumatic	stress	disorder	we’d	call	it	now.	Back	then	it	was
just	shell	shock,	wasn’t	it?”
“Shell	shock,”	Sadie	repeated.	“Anthony	Edevane?”
“That’s	right.	Rose	mentions	it	many	times	in	her	journal.	She	tried	to	help	him,	and	in
fact	it	was	their	interactions	that	inspired	her	later	theories	about	the	teaching	of	poetry,
particularly	the	Romantics,	to	refugee	adolescents.”

Shell	 shock.	 It	 was	 a	 surprise.	 Sadie	 replayed	 the	 conversation	 in	 her	 mind	 as	 she
walked	back	to	her	car.	Not	a	surprise	that	he’d	suffered	with	the	condition;	after	all,	he’d
fought	in	France	for	years.	Rather,	the	fact	she	hadn’t	come	across	any	other	mention	to
date.	Was	it	a	secret?	If	so,	why	was	Rose	Waters	privy	to	the	truth?	Perhaps,	as	Margot
had	 said,	 it	 was	 as	 simple	 as	 the	 young	 nanny’s	 having	 been	 familiar	 with	 the	 signs,
recognizing	 symptoms	 that	 others	 overlooked.	 Sadie	 wondered	 whether	 it	 mattered	 or
whether	she	was	simply	clutching	at	straws.	She	thought	about	ringing	someone—Clive,
Alastair,	Bertie—to	run	it	by	them,	to	see	whether	they	could	shed	light	on	the	condition,
but	her	phone	when	she	pulled	it	out	was	dead.	With	the	signal	as	bad	as	it	had	been	at
Bertie’s,	she’d	fallen	out	of	the	habit	of	charging	it.
A	bell	had	rung	and	the	students	were	filing	back	into	class	now.	Sadie	watched	them
through	 the	 car	 window.	 Charlotte	 Sutherland	 went	 to	 a	 school	 like	 this	 one.	 In	 the
photograph	she’d	sent	with	her	letter,	she’d	been	wearing	a	fancy	uniform	with	a	crest	on
the	blazer	and	a	list	of	accomplishments	embroidered	beneath	it.	That	list	had	been	long.
No	 doubt	 there	 was	 a	 tweed	 coat	 and	 a	 jaunty	 little	 beret	 for	 use	 in	 the	 colder	 months.
Sadie	remonstrated	with	herself	for	being	churlish.	She	was	glad	to	think	of	Charlotte	in	a
place	like	this.	What	had	it	all	been	for	if	not	to	afford	her	daughter	the	sort	of	opportunity
she	could	never	have	provided	herself?
Sadie	 sweet-talked	 the	 car	 into	 starting	 and	 gave	 herself	 a	 stern	 injunction	 to	 forget
about	Charlotte,	once	and	for	all.	The	letter	was	gone,	returned	to	sender,	no	one	at	this
address.	She	was	supposed	to	be	feeling,	and	acting,	as	if	it	had	never	arrived.	She	turned
her	 thoughts	 instead	 to	 finding	 her	 way	 out	 of	 Oxford,	 and	 once	 she	 was	 on	 the	 M40,
heading	east	towards	London,	she	replayed	her	meeting	with	Margot	Sinclair,	extracting
all	 the	 new	 information—the	 excellent	 reference	 given	 to	 Rose	 Waters,	 the	 large	 cash
payment—twisting	 it	 this	 way	 and	 that,	 and	 wondering	 vaguely	 whether	 Anthony
Edevane’s	shell	shock	changed	things,	and	how.

20
LONDON,	1931

Afterwards,	Eleanor	treated	herself	to	tea	at	Liberty.	The	appointment	had	ended	sooner
than	she’d	expected,	leaving	her	with	two	hours	to	fill	before	the	train	was	due	to	leave
Paddington.	 She’d	 stood	 on	 the	 corner	 where	 Harley	 Street	 met	 Marylebone	 Road,	 gray
clouds	 disintegrating	 into	 gray	 buildings,	 before	 deciding	 her	 spirits	 could	 do	 with
cheering	 and	 waving	 down	 a	 taxi.	 And	 so	 here	 she	 was.	 She	 turned	 the	 dainty	 spoon	 in
circles,	 stirring	 in	 her	 milk,	 and	 then	 tapped	 it	 against	 the	 cup’s	 fine	 porcelain	 lip.	 She
caught	 the	 eye	 of	 a	 well-dressed	 man	 at	 a	 nearby	 table	 but	 didn’t	 return	 his	 polite,
inquiring	smile.
Stupid	of	her	to	have	held	out	so	much	hope,	but	there	you	had	it.	There	was	no	fool
like	an	old	fool.	Anthony	had	been	right:	the	doctor	had	nothing	new	to	offer,	just	more	of
the	 same	 talk.	 Eleanor	 wondered	 sometimes	 whether	 hope,	 that	 awesome,	 awful	 habit,
ever	 died;	 better	 still,	 whether	 it	 could	 be	 killed.	 Things	 would	 be	 so	 much	 easier	 if	 it
could,	if	it	were	as	simple	as	flicking	a	switch.	But,	alas,	it	seemed	hope’s	glimmer	always
hovered	in	the	distance,	no	matter	how	long	one	journeyed	towards	it	without	success.
Eleanor	 set	 down	 her	 spoon.	 Even	 as	 she	 thought	 it,	 she	 knew	 that	 she	 was	 wrong.
Anthony	had	lost	his	hope.	Not	on	the	fields	of	France,	perhaps,	but	at	some	point	in	the
decade	 that	 followed.	 And	 that	 was	 the	 rub,	 that	 was	 why	 she	 must	 keep	 trying.	 It	 had
happened	on	her	watch.	She	hadn’t	been	paying	close	enough	attention,	for	if	she	had,	she
would	 surely	 have	 noticed	 and	 done	 whatever	 was	 needed	 to	 arrest	 it.	 She’d	 made	 a
promise	to	him	and	to	herself.
It	 was	 raining	 outside	 now	 and	 London	 was	 slate-colored	 and	 smeary.	 The	 streets
glistened	with	dark	puddles	and	a	tide	of	black	umbrellas	flowed	above	the	human	traffic
beneath.	 People	 moved	 faster	 in	 the	 rain,	 their	 expressions	 set,	 their	 eyes	 focused,	 each
intent	on	his	or	her	goal.	There	was	so	much	scurrying	purpose	out	there	that	Eleanor	was
overcome	with	weariness.	Here,	in	the	warmth	of	the	tearoom,	she	sat	inert	like	a	single
piece	of	flotsam	in	a	sea	of	determination	that	threatened	to	sink	her.	She	had	never	been
good	at	filling	time.	She	ought	to	have	brought	a	book	with	her	from	Cornwall.	She	ought
to	have	brought	her	husband.
Anthony’s	 refusal	 to	 accompany	 her	 had	 been	 predictable;	 it	 was	 his	 vehemence	 that
caught	her	by	surprise.	“Stop,”	he’d	said	when	she	first	broached	the	subject.	“Please.	Just
stop.”
But	 Eleanor	 hadn’t.	 Ever	 since	 she’d	 read	 the	 article	 in	 The	 Lancet,	 she’d	 been
determined	that	she	and	Anthony	must	meet	Dr.	Heimer.	Apparently	she	hadn’t	been	the
only	 one.	 The	 appointment	 had	 taken	 weeks	 to	 make,	 and	 she’d	 had	 to	 contain	 her
excitement,	 her	 hope,	 as	 she	 waited	 for	 time	 to	 pass,	 knowing	 it	 was	 best	 not	 to	 burden
Anthony	too	soon.

“Stop.”	He	hadn’t	raised	his	voice;	it	had	been	almost	a	whisper.
“This	 could	 be	 it,	 Anthony,”	 she’d	 pressed.	 “This	 man,	 this	 Dr.	 Heimer,	 has	 been
working	 on	 the	 problem,	 studying	 other	 men	 with	 the	 same	 afflictions,	 and	 he’s	 had
success,	it	says	here	that	he	knows	how	to	fix—”
“Please.”	The	word	cut	like	a	knife	and	the	rest	of	her	sentence	fell	away.	He	didn’t
look	at	her,	his	head	remained	bowed	over	the	top	of	his	microscope	so	that	Eleanor	didn’t
realize	at	first	that	his	eyes	were	closed.	“Just	stop.”
She	 went	 closer.	 She	 could	 smell	 the	 faint	 hint	 of	 his	 perspiration,	 mingling	 with	 the
strange	laboratory	odor	of	the	room.	Her	voice	was	soft	but	firm.	“I	won’t	give	up	on	you,
Anthony,	no	matter	how	hard	you	try	to	push	me	away.	Certainly	not	now	when	it	seems
as	if	we	might	have	found	someone	who	can	help.”
He’d	looked	at	her	then	with	an	expression	she’d	been	unable	to	name.	She	had	seen
him	aggrieved	before,	too	many	times	to	count,	the	nightmares	that	came	even	by	day,	the
sweats	that	came	at	night,	and	the	terrible	shaking	that	couldn’t	be	stilled,	even	by	the	full
force	of	her	own	body	wrapped	around	his;	but	this	had	been	different.	The	stillness.	The
quiet.	That	expression	on	his	face	that	made	her	flinch	as	if	she’d	been	struck.	“No	more
doctors,”	he’d	said	in	a	low	steady	tone	that	brooked	no	argument.	“No	more.”
She’d	left	him	in	his	study,	hurried	downstairs,	her	face	hot	and	her	thoughts	scattered.
Later,	when	she	was	alone,	she’d	conjured	his	face.	She	hadn’t	been	able	to	help	herself;
that	expression	of	his	had	accompanied	her	all	afternoon	as	she	shadow-walked	through
the	day’s	tasks.	Only	in	the	dead	of	night,	as	he	slept	fitfully	beside	her	and	she	lay	wide
awake	 listening	 to	 the	 night	 birds	 on	 the	 lake,	 remembering	 the	 long-ago	 evening	 when
they’d	cycled	together	over	stones	made	white	by	moonlight,	did	the	word	come	to	her.
Revulsion,	that’s	what	she’d	seen	in	his	face.	Those	features	she’d	loved	so	long	and	so
well	 had	 been	 arranged	 in	 an	 attitude	 of	 disgust	 and	 loathing	 usually	 reserved	 for	 one’s
worst	enemies.	Eleanor	could	have	borne	revulsion	directed	at	her;	it	was	knowing	that	his
loathing	was	reserved	for	himself	that	made	her	want	to	weep	and	wail	and	curse.
By	morning,	though,	he	was	amiable	again.	He’d	even	suggested	a	picnic	down	by	the
stream.	Hope	had	been	resurrected,	and	if	he	still	refused	to	come	with	her	to	London,	at
least	 this	 time	 he	 did	 it	 with	 a	 smile	 on	 his	 face	 and	 a	 claim	 that	 there	 were	 things	 he
should	be	getting	on	with	in	his	study.	So	it	was,	she’d	carried	her	hope	with	her.	All	the
way	 from	 Looe	 Station	 it	 had	 sat	 on	 the	 empty	 train	 seat	 beside	 her	 where	 her	 husband
ought	to	have	been.
Now,	she	tilted	her	teacup	and	watched	the	tepid	dregs	roll	this	way	and	that.	She’d	told
the	girls	she	was	traveling	to	London	to	visit	a	dressmaker	in	Mayfair,	and	they’d	believed
her	because	that’s	the	sort	of	person	they	thought	she	was.	Mother.	They	didn’t	remember
the	early	years	of	their	lives,	when	Anthony	was	away	at	war	and	she’d	been	alone	with
them	 at	 Loeanneth.	 The	 time	 they’d	 spent	 combing	 the	 estate	 together,	 the	 stories	 she’d
told	them,	the	secret	places	she’d	shown	them.	There	were	so	many	aspects	of	Eleanor	her
daughters	didn’t	know.	She	took	them	out	sometimes,	those	hidden	traits,	and	turned	them
over,	 inspecting	 and	 admiring	 from	 all	 sides,	 as	 if	 they	 were	 precious	 seed	 pearls.	 And
then	 she	 wrapped	 them	 up	 again	 safely	 and	 tucked	 them	 away.	 She	 would	 never	 reveal
them	again	because	then	she’d	have	to	explain	why	she’d	changed.

Eleanor	didn’t	discuss	Anthony	with	others.	To	do	so	would	have	been	to	break	faith
with	the	young	man	she’d	fallen	in	love	with	that	summer	in	London,	twenty	years	ago
now,	 and,	 more	 devastating	 perhaps,	 with	 her	 tightly	 held	 belief	 that	 one	 day	 this,	 too,
would	pass.	When	it	did,	when	she	found	the	way	to	return	to	him	his	levity	of	spirit	and
everything	he’d	lost,	when	he	was	well	again,	he	would	be	glad	that	no	one	knew	how	low
he’d	sunk,	no	one	but	Eleanor.	His	dignity	deserved	that.
She	certainly	never	let	the	girls	know.	Anthony	loved	their	daughters.	In	spite	of	it	all,
he	was	a	good	father	and	the	girls	adored	him.	They’d	never	known	the	young	man	and
his	 exceptional	 ambitions;	 he	 was	 simply	 Daddy,	 and	 his	 eccentricities	 made	 him	 their
own.	The	long	walks	through	the	woods,	days	at	a	time	in	which	he	disappeared,	returning
with	his	bag	filled	with	samples	of	this	fern	leaf	or	that	butterfly,	treasures	that	the	girls
pored	over	and	helped	him	to	archive.	They	had	not	seen,	as	Eleanor	had,	the	man	with	his
old	 medical	 book	 on	 his	 lap,	 his	 eyes	 closed	 as	 he	 tried	 to	 remember	 the	 bones	 of	 the
human	hand,	his	own	hand,	once	so	elegant	and	capable	and	sure,	shaking	where	it	rested
on	 the	 broad	 page.	 He’d	 sensed	 her	 presence	 and	 opened	 his	 eyes,	 a	 sad,	 tight	 smile
appearing	when	he	saw	that	it	was	her.	“I’ve	become	one	of	those	men,”	he	said,	“one	of
those	fellows	who	sit	around	trying	to	fill	their	empty	hours	with	useless	pursuits.”
“That’s	 not	 true,”	 she’d	 said.	 “You’re	 working	 on	 your	 natural	 history	 book.	 You’re
having	 some	 time	 away	 from	 medicine,	 but	 you’ll	 go	 back	 to	 it.	 You’ll	 complete	 your
clinical	training	and	be	better	than	ever.”
“When	will	you	see	that	it’s	too	late?	Accept	I’m	not	that	man	anymore?	That	he	died
in	 France?	 The	 things	 that	 happened,	 Eleanor,	 the	 terrible	 choices,	 the	 monstrous
decisions	.	.	.”
“Tell	me	about	them.	Tell	me,	please,	and	then	I’ll	understand.”
But	he	never	did,	only	looked	at	her	and	shook	his	head	and	turned	back	to	his	books.
A	woman	at	the	entrance	caught	Eleanor’s	attention.	A	handsome	woman	holding	the
hand	 of	 a	 small	 boy—three	 years	 old,	 Eleanor	 guessed—dressed	 very	 smartly	 for	 the
occasion	 in	 a	 white	 sailor	 suit.	 He	 had	 a	 cherub’s	 face,	 big	 blue	 eyes,	 round	 flushed
cheeks,	and	cupid-bow	lips	parted	in	wonder	as	he	peered	around	his	mother’s	hand	at	the
busy,	brightly	lit	room.
Eleanor	 felt	 a	 familiar	 tug	 of	 longing.	 She	 still	 hoped	 for	 another	 baby.	 More	 than
hoped,	she	yearned.	Ached	with	her	desire	to	hold	a	child	in	her	arms	again,	to	tickle	and
kiss	 and	 cuddle	 a	 small,	 plump	 body.	 She	 reminded	 herself,	 sometimes,	 of	 the	 queen	 in
Mr.	Llewellyn’s	story,	who’d	lost	her	child	and	so	craved	another	she	was	willing	to	deal
with	 the	 devil	 to	 obtain	 one.	 Eleanor’s	 wasn’t	 an	 entirely	 selfish	 longing.	 There	 was	 a
small	part	of	her	that	wondered	whether	maybe	another	child,	a	little	boy,	was	just	what
Anthony	 needed.	 He	 loved	 the	 girls,	 but	 didn’t	 all	 men	 want	 a	 son	 who	 would	 grow	 in
their	 own	 image?	 Her	 hand	 went	 absently	 to	 her	 flat,	 firm	 abdomen.	 There	 were	 still
occasional	tender	moments	between	them,	when	he	was	able;	it	was	possible	she	would
fall	pregnant	again.	But	despite	her	willingness,	her	eagerness,	it	had	not	happened	in	ten
years.
Wistfully,	 Eleanor	 forced	 herself	 to	 look	 away	 from	 the	 woman	 and	 child,	 sitting
together	 now	 at	 a	 table,	 the	 little	 one	 careful	 to	 observe	 the	 manners	 he’d	 been	 taught,

while	 his	 big	 round	 eyes	 gave	 him	 away,	 busily	 cataloguing	 the	 unfamiliar	 place.	 She
turned	back	to	the	window.	The	dark-gray	clouds	had	lowered	further	over	London	and	the
city	was	gloomy.	The	lights	were	on	inside	the	tearoom	and	as	Eleanor	took	in	the	warm
interior	mirrored	in	the	dark	glass,	ghosted	commuters	hurrying	by	beyond	it,	she	met	her
own	reflection	by	mistake.
It	 was	 always	 a	 shock	 to	 catch	 oneself	 unexpectedly	 in	 repose.	 The	 woman	 looking
back	at	her	was	a	model	of	discreet	respectability.	Her	back	was	straight,	her	clothes	were
fashionable	without	being	modish,	her	hair	was	neatly	set	beneath	her	hat.	Her	face	was	a
pleasantly	drawn	mask	that	gave	nothing	away.	The	sort	of	face	other	people’s	gazes	slid
across.	The	woman	in	the	glass	was	everything	Eleanor	had	sworn	she	wouldn’t	become.
Certainly	 not	 the	 sort	 of	 person	 Eleanor	 the	 Adventuress	 might	 have	 been	 expected	 to
grow	into.	Eleanor	thought	of	her	sometimes,	her	childhood	doppelgänger,	that	little	girl
with	 wild,	 wide	 eyes,	 hair	 that	 wouldn’t	 be	 controlled,	 and	 a	 fierce	 spirit	 of	 adventure.
Eleanor	 liked	 to	 imagine	 she	 was	 still	 out	 there	 somewhere.	 That	 she	 hadn’t	 been
subsumed	but,	rather,	had	turned	back	into	a	pearl	and	rolled	away.	That	she	was	waiting
somewhere	for	the	fairies	to	find	her	and	the	woods	to	bring	her	back	to	life.
The	thought	was	upsetting,	and	Eleanor	did	what	she	always	did	when	dark	thoughts
threatened	to	undo	her.	She	moved.	A	quick	wave	brought	the	waiter,	she	paid	the	account,
gathered	her	handbag	and	the	decoy	dress	she’d	barely	looked	at	before	purchasing,	and
with	a	shake	to	open	her	umbrella,	headed	out	into	the	rain.
The	ticket	office	was	teeming	with	people	when	she	reached	the	station,	the	smell	of	wet
clothing	 pervasive.	 Eleanor	 joined	 a	 queue	 of	 disgruntled	 travelers	 and	 made	 her	 way
slowly	to	the	front	of	the	line.	“I	have	a	fare	booked	in	the	name	of	Edevane,”	she	told	the
booking	clerk	on	the	other	side	of	the	counter.
The	 man	 began	 searching	 through	 his	 file	 box	 and	 as	 he	 muttered	 the	 names	 he	 was
passing	over,	Eleanor	glanced	behind	her	at	the	jostling	crowd.	“I	gather	the	train	is	full,”
she	said.
The	man	didn’t	look	up.	“Previous	train	broke	down.	Been	overrun	all	afternoon	with
folk	trying	to	get	themselves	shifted	onto	the	next	one.	Edevane,	you	say?”
“Yes.”
“Here	 we	 are,	 then.”	 The	 man	 in	 the	 booth	 slid	 two	 tickets	 beneath	 the	 grille.
“Departing	platform	three.”
Eleanor	turned	to	leave,	looking	as	she	did	so	at	the	pair	of	tickets	in	her	gloved	hand.
She	pushed	back	to	the	front	of	the	counter.	“My	husband	won’t	be	traveling	with	me,”
she	 said	 when	 she	 had	 the	 clerk’s	 attention.	 “He	 was	 unexpectedly	 detained.”	 More
excuses.	She	made	them	without	thinking	these	days.
“No	refunds,”	the	man	said	as	he	started	serving	the	gentleman	behind	her.
“I	 don’t	 want	 a	 refund,	 only	 to	 return	 this	 ticket.”	 Eleanor	 slid	 it	 back	 across	 the
counter.	“I	don’t	need	it.	The	ticket	might	as	well	be	used	by	someone	else.”

She	sat	in	the	carriage,	waiting	for	the	train	to	leave	the	station.	On	the	platform,	men
in	suits	strode	busily	this	way	and	that,	while	porters	pushed	leaning	towers	of	suitcases
through	the	crowds	and	small	groups	of	people	performed	the	intimate	rituals	of	farewell.
It	seemed	to	Eleanor	as	she	watched	them	that	some	of	the	most	vivid	moments	of	her	life
had	been	enacted	in	stations	like	these.	There’d	been	the	day	she	first	met	Anthony,	the
lemonade	in	Baker	Street	Underground	station,	and	then	the	morning	in	1914	that	she’d
waved	him	off	to	war.	He’d	looked	so	dashing	in	his	uniform,	Howard	there	beside	him,
both	men	gleaming	with	youth.
When	 he	 told	 her	 that	 he	 planned	 to	 enlist,	 the	 two	 of	 them	 lying	 side	 by	 side	 on	 a
blanket	 by	 the	 Loeanneth	 stream,	 a	 thousand	 reasons	 why	 he	 shouldn’t	 had	 crossed	 her
mind.	“But	we’re	so	happy,”	she’d	blurted.
“We’ll	be	happy	again,	when	I	come	home.”
“If	you	come	home.”
It	 was	 petulant,	 the	 first	 thing	 that	 came	 to	 mind	 and	 the	 worst	 thing	 she	 could	 have
said.	Selfish,	childish,	and	true.	She	kicked	herself	afterwards.	The	four	years	ahead	would
teach	her	temperance,	but	at	the	time,	fear,	panic	and	her	powerlessness	to	stem	their	flow
made	her	fierce.	“It’s	a	war,	you	know.	It’s	not	going	to	be	a	picnic.”
He	 reached	 to	 push	 aside	 a	 stubborn	 lock	 of	 hair	 that	 had	 fallen	 across	 her	 eyes.	 His
fingertips	 on	 her	 temple	 made	 her	 shiver.	 “I	 have	 medical	 training,	 Eleanor.	 I	 can	 be
useful.	Those	men,	my	friends,	are	going	to	need	people	like	me.”
“I	need	you.	There	are	other	doctors,	men	with	clinical	experience.”
He	 smiled	 softly.	 “You	 must	 know	 there’s	 nowhere	 else	 I’d	 rather	 be	 than	 here,	 with
you,	but	who	would	I	be	if	I	didn’t	go?	How	could	I	live	with	myself	if	I	didn’t	help?	How
would	you	look	at	me	if	I	didn’t	do	my	bit?	If	a	man	cannot	be	useful	to	his	country,	he	is
better	dead.”
She	 knew	 then	 that	 there	 was	 nothing	 she	 could	 say	 to	 change	 his	 mind,	 and	 the
knowledge	burned.	It	tasted	like	ash	in	her	mouth.
“Promise	me	you’ll	come	back,”	she	said,	throwing	her	arms	around	him	and	burying
her	face	in	his	chest,	holding	on	as	if	he	were	a	rock	in	a	raging	sea.
“Of	course	I’ll	come	back.”	Not	the	merest	shadow	of	doubt.	“Nothing	will	stop	me.	I
won’t	let	it.”
They	walked	together	to	the	station	the	day	he	left	and	she	sat	with	him	in	the	carriage
as	 other	 young	 soldiers	 in	 fresh	 new	 uniforms	 climbed	 aboard;	 he	 kissed	 her	 and	 she
thought	 for	 a	 moment	 she	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 be	 able	 to	 let	 him	 go,	 and	 then	 the	 whistle
sounded	and	she	was	on	the	platform	again,	without	him,	and	the	train	was	moving	away.
The	house,	when	she	got	back	to	it,	was	warm	and	still.	The	fire	in	the	library	was	burning
low	in	the	grate,	just	as	it	had	been	when	they	left.
It	was	so	quiet.
A	 photograph	 of	 the	 two	 of	 them	 stood	 on	 the	 desk	 below	 the	 window,	 and	 as	 she
looked	 at	 his	 laughing	 face,	 Eleanor	 tried	 to	 convince	 herself	 that	 he	 was	 upstairs,	 or

outside	by	the	lake,	and	that	he’d	be	back	any	minute,	calling	to	her	from	the	hall	to	come
and	join	him.	But	his	absence	told	everywhere,	and	Eleanor	glimpsed,	suddenly,	how	long
the	coming	days,	weeks,	months	were	going	to	be,	how	unbearably	long.
Thank	God	for	her	baby,	for	Deborah,	who	gave	her	somewhere	to	focus	her	attention.
It	was	not	so	easy	to	wallow	in	the	heat	of	electric	fear	when	one	was	being	watched	by
wide	 trusting	 eyes,	 a	 little	 person	 who	 wanted	 to	 smile	 and	 was	 reading	 her	 mother’s
expression,	 looking	 for	 the	 signal	 that	 it	 was	 all	 right	 to	 do	 so.	 But	 behind	 the	 cheerful
expression	Eleanor	forced,	beneath	the	nursery	rhymes	she	sang	and	the	stories	she	told,
she	hardly	dared	to	breathe.	Every	knock	on	the	door	shot	a	prickling	flare	throughout	her
body.	 Every	 story	 from	 the	 village	 of	 another	 soldier’s	 death	 was	 a	 wrench	 and,	 later,	 a
secret	reprieve	because	it	wasn’t	Anthony.	The	relief	at	finding	a	letter	and	not	a	blackrimmed	telegram	was	short-lived	when	she	read	the	date	at	its	top	and	realized	he’d	posted
it	days	before	and	anything	might	have	happened	since.
The	 letters	 themselves	 gave	 nothing	 away,	 not	 at	 first.	 There	 were	 mentions	 of	 being
shelled,	of	course,	and	of	zeppelins	being	destroyed	nearby,	but	his	accounts	made	them
sound	 like	 small	 inconveniences.	 When	 he	 had	 his	 first	 experience	 with	 German	 gas,	 it
was	 “under	 the	 most	 ideal	 circumstances,”	 as	 they	 happened	 to	 have	 a	 fellow	 around
showing	 them	 how	 “effective	 the	 preventive	 measures	 were.”	 Eleanor	 knew	 he	 was
obfuscating	and	it	mollified	and	infuriated	her	in	equal	measure.
He	 had	 a	 weekend	 of	 leave	 in	 London	 and	 she	 met	 him,	 beside	 herself	 with	 nervous
excitement,	unable	to	settle	to	anything	on	the	train,	her	book	lying	unopened	on	her	lap
the	 whole	 way.	 She’d	 dressed	 carefully	 but	 when	 she	 saw	 him	 she	 felt	 ashamed	 of	 her
efforts,	because	it	was	Anthony,	her	heart’s	own	love,	and	her	anxiety,	her	focus	on	such
trivialities	 as	 which	 frock	 suited	 her	 best,	 seemed	 somehow	 to	 mark	 a	 lack	 of	 faith	 in
them,	in	what	really	mattered.
They	both	spoke	at	once	when	they	met.	“Shall	we—”	“I	suppose—”	and	then,	after	an
agonizing	hesitation	in	which	it	seemed	for	a	moment	as	if	everything	they’d	used	to	be
had	turned	to	dust,	they	both	began	to	laugh,	and	they	couldn’t	stop,	and	were	still	being
set	off	by	the	least	trigger	while	they	sat	in	the	refreshments	lounge	drinking	tea.	After	that
they	 were	 themselves	 again,	 Anthony-and-Eleanor,	 and	 she	 insisted	 that	 he	 tell	 her	 all
about	 it.	 “Everything,”	 she’d	 said,	 “no	 softening	 things,”	 desperate	 to	 get	 beyond	 the
polite,	inadequate	surface	of	his	letters	home.
And	so	he	told	her.	About	the	mud,	and	the	bones	men	broke	trying	to	drag	themselves
through	 it,	 and	 the	 men	 whom	 it	 swallowed	 whole.	 He	 called	 the	 Somme	 a	 mincing
machine	 and	 said	 that	 war	 itself	 was	 intolerable.	 He	 described	 the	 agony	 of	 failing	 “his
men.”	They	were	dying,	he	said,	one	after	the	other	after	the	other.
The	letters	home	changed	after	that	visit,	and	she	wasn’t	sure	she	was	glad.	It	crossed
her	 mind	 that	 she	 ought	 to	 have	 been	 more	 careful	 what	 she	 wished	 for.	 The	 censor
removed	the	worst	sections,	but	enough	remained	for	her	to	know	that	things	continued	to
be	grim,	that	war	asked	men	to	do	horrific	things	and	that	it	did	horrific	things	to	them	in
return.
When	 Howard	 was	 killed,	 the	 tone	 of	 the	 letters	 changed	 again.	 There	 were	 no	 more
references	 to	 “his	 men,”	 and	 Anthony	 never	 mentioned	 another	 friend	 by	 name.	 Most

chilling	of	all,	where	his	letters	had	always	been	filled	with	questions	about	home,	hungry
for	the	merest	detail	about	Deborah	and	the	new	little	baby,	Alice—I	wish	I	were	there,
too.	 I	 ache	 to	 be	 so	 far	 away	 from	 all	 of	 you.	 Be	 strong,	 my	 love,	 and	 in	 the	 meantime,
won’t	 you	 send	 me	 a	 lock	 of	 my	 baby’s	 hair?—now	 they	 were	 little	 more	 than	 cool,
statistical	accounts	of	what	was	happening	at	the	front.	They	might	have	been	written	by,
and	for,	anyone.	And	so	Eleanor	had	to	wrestle	at	once	with	the	twin	griefs	of	Howard’s
death—the	 shock	 of	 the	 news,	 its	 impossible	 finality—and	 the	 subsequent	 loss	 of	 her
husband,	who	was	already	so	far	away,	behind	a	wall	of	impenetrable	politeness.
On	the	day	he	returned	for	good,	the	twelfth	of	December,	1918,	Eleanor	brought	the
two	little	ones	to	London	to	watch	his	train	come	in.	There	was	an	orchestra	set	up	on	the
station,	violins	playing	Christmas	carols.	“How	will	we	know	it’s	Daddy?”	Deborah	had
asked	 her.	 She	 was	 intensely	 curious	 about	 this	 person	 she	 knew	 only	 from	 the	 studio
photograph	in	the	frame	beside	her	mummy’s	bed.
“We’ll	know,”	Eleanor	told	her.
Smoke	filled	the	station	as	the	train	arrived,	and	by	the	time	it	cleared,	servicemen	were
climbing	down	onto	the	platform.	When	she	finally	saw	him,	in	the	split	second	before	his
eyes	found	hers,	she	felt	the	years	keenly.	Anxieties	crowded	like	moths	around	a	flame.
Would	they	still	know	one	another?	Would	it	be	as	it	was?	Had	too	much	come	to	pass?
“You’re	hurting	my	hand,	Mummy,”	Alice	had	said.	Not	even	two,	and	already	filled
with	an	admirable	talent	for	forthrightness.
“I’m	sorry,	pumpkin.	I’m	sorry.”
And	 then	 he’d	 looked	 directly	 at	 her	 and	 briefly	 she’d	 seen	 something	 in	 his	 eyes,	 a
shadow	in	the	shape	of	Howard	and	all	the	others	like	him,	and	then	it	was	gone,	and	he
smiled,	and	he	was	Anthony,	her	Anthony,	home	again	at	last.
The	 whistle	 blew	 outside.	 The	 train	 was	 about	 to	 leave	 and	 not	 a	 moment	 too	 soon.
Through	 the	 window,	 Eleanor	 watched	 the	 soot-blackened	 tracks.	 It	 had	 been	 so
wonderful	 to	 have	 him	 home.	 The	 girls	 couldn’t	 get	 enough	 of	 him.	 Loeanneth	 was
brighter	for	him	being	there,	things	were	clearer,	as	if	someone	had	sharpened	the	focus	on
a	 camera.	 Life	 was	 to	 go	 on,	 just	 as	 he’d	 promised	 it	 would.	 More	 than	 four	 years	 had
passed	but	the	war	was	won	and	they	would	make	up	for	lost	time.	And	if	sometimes	his
hands	 shook	 a	 bit,	 if	 he	 broke	 off	 mid-sentence	 and	 had	 to	 collect	 his	 thoughts	 before
resuming,	 if	 occasionally	 he	 woke	 with	 a	 bad	 dream	 and	 refused	 ever	 to	 talk	 about
Howard,	well,	they	were	understandable	problems	and	would	surely	sort	themselves	out.
Or	so	she’d	thought.
The	first	time	it	happened,	they	were	outside	in	the	garden.	The	girls	had	been	chasing
ducks	 and	 Nanny	 had	 shepherded	 them	 inside	 for	 supper.	 It	 was	 a	 glorious	 evening,	 the
sun	seeming	to	hesitate	in	the	process	of	setting,	as	if	it	couldn’t	bear	to	end	the	day.	It	was
teetering	 on	 the	 horizon,	 throwing	 ribbons	 of	 pink	 and	 mauve	 across	 the	 sky	 like	 life
ropes,	 and	 the	 air	 was	 sweet	 with	 jasmine.	 They’d	 brought	 the	 white	 cane	 chairs	 down
from	the	house,	and	Anthony,	having	spent	the	afternoon	entertaining	the	girls,	had	finally
opened	the	newspaper	he’d	brought	with	him,	only	to	fall	into	a	doze	behind	it.

Edwina,	 the	 new	 puppy,	 was	 leaping	 about	 at	 Eleanor’s	 feet,	 pouncing	 on	 a	 ball	 the
girls	had	found	for	her,	and	Eleanor	was	rolling	it	gently	along	the	cooling	lawn,	laughing
fondly	as	the	puppy	tripped	over	her	ears	to	fetch	it	back.	She	was	teasing	the	little	dog,
lifting	 the	 ball	 just	 out	 of	 reach	 for	 the	 pleasure	 of	 seeing	 her	 balance	 on	 her	 hind	 legs,
cycle	her	little	paws	in	the	air,	and	then	snap	at	it	with	her	teeth.	They	were	sharp	teeth.
The	puppy	had	already	managed	to	tear	holes	in	most	of	Eleanor’s	stockings.	Darling	little
menace,	 she	 had	 a	 sixth	 sense	 for	 rooting	 out	 the	 things	 she	 shouldn’t	 have,	 but	 it	 was
impossible	to	be	cross	with	her.	She	only	had	to	look	up	with	those	big	brown	eyes	and
cock	her	head	just	so	and	Eleanor	melted.	She’d	wanted	a	dog	when	she	was	a	girl,	but	her
mother	had	declared	them	“filthy	beasts”	and	that	was	that.
Eleanor	 pulled	 back	 on	 the	 ball	 and	 Edwina,	 who	 loved	 nothing	 more	 than	 a	 bout	 of
play	 wrestling,	 sank	 her	 teeth	 further	 into	 the	 rubber.	 Everything	 was	 perfect.	 Eleanor
laughed,	and	Edwina	growled	excitedly	at	the	ball	before	breaking	into	a	rousing	ruction
with	 a	 duck,	 and	 the	 sun	 shimmered	 orange	 in	 the	 sky,	 and	 then	 suddenly	 Anthony	 was
upon	them	with	a	mighty	holler.	In	one	swift	movement,	he’d	grabbed	the	little	dog	and
was	holding	her	down,	his	hands	around	her	neck.	“Be	quiet,”	he	was	hissing,	“be	quiet.”
Edwina	yelped	and	howled,	the	duck	fled,	and	Eleanor,	shocked,	jumped	to	her	feet.
“Anthony!	No!	Stop!”
She	was	so	frightened;	she	had	no	idea	what	was	happening.
“Anthony,	please.”
It	was	as	if	he	couldn’t	hear	her,	as	if	she	weren’t	there	at	all.	Only	when	she	ran	to	his
side,	fell	down	beside	him,	and	seized	his	shoulders	did	he	glance	her	way.	He	shrugged
off	her	grip	and	for	a	split	second	she	thought	he	was	going	to	pounce	on	her,	too.	His	eyes
were	 wide,	 and	 she	 glimpsed	 that	 shadow	 again,	 the	 one	 she’d	 seen	 briefly	 at	 the	 train
station	when	they	welcomed	him	home.
“Anthony,”	she	said	again,	“please.	Let	go	of	her.”
He	was	breathing	hard,	his	chest	rising	and	falling,	his	expression	shifting	from	anger
to	 fear	 to	 confusion.	 At	 some	 point	 he	 loosened	 his	 hold	 on	 Edwina,	 for	 the	 little	 pup
wriggled	free,	emitting	a	small	yelp	of	self-pity	as	she	tore	off	to	the	safety	of	Eleanor’s
chair	to	lick	her	wounds.
Neither	of	them	moved.	It	seemed	to	Eleanor	later	they	were	frozen	by	a	shared	sense,
an	 unspoken	 agreement,	 that	 by	 remaining	 still	 they	 might	 somehow	 stop	 the	 egg	 from
cracking	further.	But	then	she	realized	he	was	shivering,	and	on	instinct	Eleanor	took	him
in	her	arms	and	held	him	tightly.	He	was	freezing.	“There	now,”	she	heard	herself	saying,
“there	now,”	over	and	over	again,	just	as	she	might	had	one	of	the	girls	scraped	a	knee	or
woken	with	a	bad	dream.
Later,	they	sat	together	in	the	moonlit	night,	both	of	them	silent	and	shocked	by	what
had	 happened.	 “I’m	 sorry,”	 he	 said.	 “For	 a	 moment	 I	 thought	 .	 .	 .	 I	 could	 have	 sworn	 I
saw	.	.	.”
But	he	never	did	tell	her	what	he’d	imagined	he	saw.	In	the	years	since,	Eleanor	had
read	reports	and	spoken	with	doctors	and	learned	enough	to	know	that	Anthony	must	have

been	reliving	a	wartime	trauma	when	he	attacked	Edwina,	but	he	never	would	speak	about
the	things	that	moved	in	the	shadows.	And	they	came	again,	those	ghosts.	She	would	be
speaking	to	him	and	then	catch	him	staring	into	the	distance,	his	jaw	tightening,	at	first	in
fear,	later	in	resolution.	She	gathered	over	time	that	it	was	something	to	do	with	Howard,
about	the	way	he’d	died,	but	Anthony	refused	to	talk	about	it,	so	she	couldn’t	be	sure	of
the	details.
She	told	herself	it	didn’t	matter,	that	he	would	get	past	it.	Everyone	had	lost	someone	in
the	war,	it	would	all	be	better	with	time.	When	his	hands	settled	down,	he’d	go	back	to	his
training;	 that	 would	 make	 a	 world	 of	 difference.	 He	 would	 be	 a	 doctor,	 just	 like	 he’d
always	planned—a	surgeon;	he	had	a	calling.
But	 his	 hands	 didn’t	 settle	 down,	 and	 things	 didn’t	 get	 better	 with	 time.	 They	 got
worse.	 Eleanor	 and	 Anthony	 merely	 got	 better,	 together,	 at	 hiding	 the	 truth.	 There	 were
terrible	nightmares,	too,	from	which	he’d	wake	howling	or	shaking,	urging	them	to	move
quickly,	to	leave,	to	make	the	dog	stop	barking.	He	wasn’t	often	violent,	and	it	was	never
his	fault	when	he	was,	Eleanor	knew	that.	His	great	drive	in	life	had	always	been	to	help
and	to	heal;	he	would	never	knowingly	harm	another.	Fear	that	he	might,	though,	plagued
him.	“If	the	girls,”	he	began,	“if	it	had	been	one	of	them	.	.	.”
“Shhh.”	 Eleanor	 wouldn’t	 let	 him	 speak	 the	 preposterous	 thought	 out	 loud.	 “It	 won’t
happen.”
“It	could.”
“It	won’t.	I	won’t	let	it.	I	promise.”
“You	can’t	promise	that.”
“I	can.	I	do.”
There’d	 been	 so	 much	 fear	 in	 his	 face,	 and	 his	 hands	 as	 they	 clutched	 hers	 were
shaking.	“Promise	me,	if	you	ever	have	to	make	a	choice,	you’ll	save	them	from	me.	Save
me	from	myself.	I	couldn’t	live	with	myself	if—”
She	pressed	her	fingers	against	his	lips	to	stop	him	from	saying	the	terrible	words.	She
kissed	him	and	then	held	him	tightly	as	he	shook	against	her	body.	Eleanor	knew	what	he
was	 asking	 of	 her,	 and	 she	 knew	 she’d	 do	 whatever	 she	 had	 to	 in	 order	 to	 keep	 her
promise.

21
LONDON,	2003

Sadie’s	flat	looked	and	smelled	like	the	sort	of	place	she	was	used	to	being	sent	out	to	on
call.	“You	can	tell	a	lot	about	a	person	by	the	home	they	keep,”	Donald	had	told	her	once,
in	 a	 prim	 sort	 of	 way,	 quite	 out	 of	 character	 with	 his	 usual	 burly	 self	 and	 rather	 rich
coming	from	a	man	whose	wife	did	all	his	cleaning.	She	picked	up	the	scattered	layers	of
junk	mail	and	bills	from	the	mat	and	closed	the	door	with	her	foot.	The	weather	had	come
over	gray,	but	when	she	switched	on	the	light,	only	one	bulb	of	three	complied.
Just	over	two	weeks	away	and	a	layer	of	dust	had	already	settled	on	every	surface.	The
room’s	 odor	 was	 sour	 and	 neglected,	 and	 Sadie’s	 furniture,	 never	 lovely,	 had	 become
sullen	 and	 reproachful	 in	 her	 absence,	 more	 tattered,	 too,	 than	 she	 remembered.	 Further
adding	to	the	air	of	ill-kempt,	unloved,	couldn’t-give-a-damnness	was	the	pot	plant	on	her
kitchen	sink.	“Oh,	my,”	said	Sadie,	dropping	her	bag	and	tossing	the	mail	onto	the	sofa	as
she	approached	the	poor,	sad	carcass.	“What’s	become	of	you?”	She’d	picked	it	up	from
the	 local	 nursery	 school	 Easter	 fete	 a	 couple	 of	 months	 before	 in	 a	 fit	 of	 domestic
aspiration,	a	rebuke	to	the	man	she’d	been	sort	of	seeing,	whose	parting	shot	had	echoed
down	the	stairwell	as	he	left:	“You’re	so	used	to	being	alone	you	couldn’t	even	care	for	a
pot	plant.”	Sadie	crunched	the	dry,	curled	leaves	onto	the	stainless-steel	sink.	She’d	shown
him.
Noise	outside,	traffic	and	voices,	made	the	room	seem	unnaturally	quiet.	Sadie	found
the	 remote	 and	 clicked	 on	 the	 television.	 Stephen	 Fry	 was	 on,	 being	 clever	 and	 funny
about	something,	and	Sadie	lowered	the	volume	to	a	hum	and	checked	the	fridge.	It	was	a
further	disaster	site.	Almost	empty	except	for	a	couple	of	whiskery	carrots	and	a	container
of	orange	juice.	She	checked	the	use-by	date	on	the	juice	and	decided	six	days	past	was
fine,	they	were	always	overly	cautious	with	these	things.	She	poured	a	glassful	and	went
to	her	desk.
While	the	computer	booted	up,	Sadie	plugged	in	her	phone	to	charge	and	then	dug	the
Edevane	file	from	her	bag.	She	took	a	sip	of	piquant	juice	and	sat	wincingly	through	the
anxious	squeal	of	the	dial-up	modem	connecting	to	the	internet.	All	the	way	home,	she’d
gone	 over	 in	 her	 mind	 the	 interview	 with	 Margot	 Sinclair.	 Sadie	 had	 been	 so	 convinced
that	Rose	Waters	and	Anthony	Edevane	were	engaged	in	a	love	affair	and	that	Theo	was
Rose’s	 son,	 not	 Eleanor’s,	 that	 she	 was	 having	 a	 hard	 time	 processing	 the	 new
information.	The	pieces	of	puzzle	had	fitted	together	so	well,	it	took	an	enormous	act	of
will	to	pull	them	apart	and	start	again.	Perhaps	that	was	why	she	clung	to	her	hunch	that
Anthony	Edevane	was	important.	When	the	search	engine	home	page	appeared,	she	typed
in	shell	shock.
A	 list	 of	 sites	 appeared	 on	 her	 screen	 and	 she	 skimmed	 through	 the	 options	 until	 she
found	 an	 entry	 from	 a	 site	 called	 firstworldwar.com	 which	 seemed	 reputable.	 Sadie

clicked	 and	 started	 reading	 the	 definition.	 A	 term	 used	 to	 describe	 psychological
trauma	.	.	.	intensity	of	artillery	battles	.	.	.	neurotic	cracks	in	otherwise	mentally	stable
soldiers.	 There	 was	 a	 black-and-white	 photograph	 of	 a	 uniformed	 man	 staring	 at	 the
camera	 with	 a	 wistful	 half-smile,	 his	 body	 angled	 so	 that	 the	 right	 side	 of	 his	 face	 was
concealed	by	shadow.	The	article	continued:	Soldiers	came	to	recognize	the	symptoms	but
recognition	 by	 military	 authority	 was	 slower	 to	 develop	 .	 .	 .	 panic	 attacks,	 mental	 and
physical	 paralysis,	 fearful	 headaches,	 terrifying	 dreams	 .	 .	 .	 many	 continued	 to	 feel	 its
effects	for	years	afterwards	.	.	.	treatment	was	primitive	at	best,	dangerous	at	worst	.	.	.
There	was	a	link	at	the	bottom	of	the	page	to	a	paper	delivered	by	a	Dr.	W.	H.	R.	Rivers
in	which	he	outlined	his	theories	based	on	observations	of	injured	soldiers	at	Craiglockhart
War	Hospital	between	the	years	1915	and	1917.	Much	of	the	article	was	spent	explaining
the	process	of	repression,	Dr.	Rivers	suggesting	that	returned	soldiers	who	spent	most	of
the	day	trying	to	forget	their	fears	and	memories	were	far	more	likely	to	fall	victim	during
the	silence	and	isolation	of	night	when	sleep	weakened	their	self-control	and	made	them
susceptible	to	the	creep	of	ghastly	thoughts.
It	made	sense.	In	Sadie’s	experience,	most	things	were	more	intense	at	night.	That	was
certainly	 when	 her	 own	 dark	 thoughts	 escaped	 their	 bounds	 and	 turned	 into	 dreams	 to
haunt	 her.	 She	 kept	 skimming.	 According	 to	 Dr.	 Rivers,	 repression	 made	 the	 negative
thoughts	accumulate	energy,	resulting	in	vivid	or	even	painful	dream	imagery	and	horrors
that	raced	violently	through	the	mind.	Sadie	jotted	the	line	in	her	notebook,	considered	it
and	then	circled	the	word	violently.	The	doctor	was	referring	to	the	passage	of	thoughts	in
the	soldier’s	brain,	but	the	word,	especially	in	the	context	of	Theo	Edevane’s	mysterious
fate,	 gave	 Sadie	 an	 uneasy	 feeling.	 She’d	 known	 all	 along	 there	 was	 a	 third	 grisly
possibility,	that	the	boy	might	not	have	wandered	or	been	taken	but	had	met	instead	with	a
violent	end.	When	she’d	talked	with	Clive	she’d	wondered	whether	Clementine	Edevane
could	have	been	involved	in	her	brother’s	death,	accidentally	or	otherwise.	But	what	if	it
had	been	Anthony?	What	if	it	had	been	Theo’s	father,	all	along?
Sadie	 flicked	 back	 through	 her	 notes	 to	 those	 she’d	 taken	 during	 her	 interview	 with
Clive.	 Anthony	 and	 Eleanor	 had	 provided	 alibis	 for	 each	 other.	 Eleanor	 had	 been	 griefstricken	 during	 interviews	 and	 needed	 sedation	 over	 the	 course	 of	 the	 week.	 Clive	 had
noted	 that	 Anthony	 was	 particularly	 caring	 and	 attentive	 and	 that	 he’d	 been	 fiercely
protective	of	his	wife.	He	was	so	careful	with	her,	Clive	had	said,	gentle	and	protective,
making	sure	she	rested,	stopping	her	from	tearing	outside	to	join	the	search.	He	barely	let
her	 out	 of	 his	 sight.	 Sadie	 stood	 up	 and	 stretched.	 When	 she	 wrote	 those	 things,	 she’d
accepted	Clive’s	observation	as	evidence	of	the	Edevanes’	strong	bond,	their	love	for	one
another,	 the	 natural	 actions	 of	 a	 couple	 experiencing	 the	 unimaginable;	 she	 certainly
hadn’t	suspected	anything	untoward.	But	now,	viewed	through	the	lens	of	her	developing
theory	 (and	 that’s	 all	 it	 was,	 she	 reminded	 herself,	 one	 hunch	 built	 upon	 another),	 the
behavior	took	on	a	more	sinister	tint.	Was	it	possible	that	Eleanor	knew	what	her	husband
had	 done	 and	 was	 covering	 for	 him?	 Would	 a	 mother	 do	 that?	 Would	 a	 wife?	 Had
Anthony	been	placating	her,	standing	guard	so	that	she	couldn’t	reveal	to	police	what	she
knew?
Sadie	 glanced	 at	 the	 digital	 clock	 in	 the	 corner	 of	 her	 screen.	 She’d	 decided	 on	 the
drive	back	from	Oxford	that	tonight	was	as	good	a	night	as	any	to	catch	up	with	Donald.

She	ought	to	be	getting	her	head	in	the	right	space	to	convince	him	she	was	ready	to	come
back	 to	 work,	 not	 chasing	 ghosts	 around	 the	 internet.	 She	 should	 switch	 off	 now	 and
return	 to	 the	 website	 later.	 She	 should	 put	 her	 notebook	 away	 and	 shower.	 Nothing	 said
“ready	to	be	professional”	like	observing	the	basics	in	personal	grooming.	But	a	scribbled
note	further	down	the	page	caught	her	eye—Clive’s	account	of	Eleanor’s	annual	visits	to
Loeanneth—and	 she	 kept	 reading.	 Clive	 had	 said	 that	 Eleanor	 returned	 each	 year	 in	 the
hope	her	son	might	somehow	find	his	way	home,	but	that	had	been	supposition.	Eleanor
hadn’t	told	Clive	that	was	her	expectation;	it	had	been	his	reading	of	her	actions.	What	if
she	 hadn’t	 been	 expecting	 Theo	 to	 return	 because	 she	 already	 knew	 that	 he	 was	 dead?
What	 if	 her	 annual	 visit	 wasn’t	 a	 vigil	 but	 a	 memorial,	 in	 the	 same	 way	 people	 made
regular	pilgrimages	to	the	gravestones	of	those	they’d	lost?
Sadie	drummed	her	pen	on	the	notepad.	She	was	presuming	a	lot.	Nowhere	in	any	of
the	interviews	had	anyone	used	the	word	violent	in	relation	to	Anthony	Edevane,	and	Dr.
Rivers	 wrote	 about	 dissociation,	 depression,	 confusion,	 a	 soldier’s	 sense	 that	 his	 “light”
had	gone	out,	but	again	made	no	mention	of	violent	tendencies.	She	sat	down	and	surfed
through	a	few	more	web	pages,	scanning	and	clicking	until	she	came	across	a	quote	from
Philip	Gibbs,	a	war	correspondent	writing	about	the	return	of	soldiers	to	their	lives	after
war:
Something	 was	 wrong.	 They	 put	 on	 civilian	 clothes	 again	 and	 looked	 to	 their
mothers	and	wives	very	much	like	the	young	men	who	had	gone	to	business	in	the
peaceful	 days	 before	 August	 1914.	 But	 they	 had	 not	 come	 back	 the	 same	 men.
Something	 had	 altered	 in	 them.	 They	 were	 subject	 to	 sudden	 moods	 and	 queer
tempers,	fits	of	profound	depression	alternating	with	a	restless	desire	for	pleasure.
Many	 were	 easily	 moved	 to	 passion	 where	 they	 lost	 control	 of	 themselves,	 many
were	bitter	in	their	speech,	violent	in	opinion,	frightening.
Sadie	sucked	in	her	lips	and	reread	the	passage.	Sudden	moods	.	.	.	queer	tempers	.	.	.	lost
control	.	.	.	violent	in	opinion	.	.	.	frightening.	Conditions	that	could	certainly	lead	a	person
to	 make	 a	 terrible	 mistake,	 commit	 a	 heinous	 act	 they	 would	 never	 be	 capable	 of	 when
they	were	in	their	right	mind.
There	followed	an	article	about	trench	conditions	on	the	Western	Front,	descriptions	of
the	horrific	lack	of	sanitation,	the	rats	and	the	mud	and	the	fungal	decay	of	trench	foot,	the
lice	that	sucked	off	rotting	flesh.	Sadie	was	completely	absorbed	by	what	she	was	reading,
and	 when	 the	 home	 phone	 rang,	 it	 jolted	 her	 back	 to	 the	 present	 so	 rapidly	 she	 could
almost	see	images	of	the	mud	and	the	slaughter	fading	around	her.
She	took	up	the	handset.	“Hello?”
It	 was	 Bertie,	 his	 warm,	 homely	 voice	 a	 welcome	 balm.	 “Just	 calling	 to	 see	 that	 you
made	it	back	to	London	all	right.	I	couldn’t	get	an	answer	on	your	mobile.	You	were	going
to	ring	me	when	you	got	there.”
“Oh,	 Granddad,	 I’m	 sorry!”	 I’m	 a	 hopeless	 excuse	 for	 a	 granddaughter	 who	 doesn’t
deserve	 someone	 like	 you.	 “My	 battery’s	 flat.	 I	 stopped	 a	 few	 times	 along	 the	 way,	 and
traffic	 on	 the	 M40	 was	 a	 nightmare.	 I’ve	 only	 just	 come	 in.”	 She	 pictured	 him	 in	 the
kitchen	in	Cornwall,	the	dogs	asleep	beneath	the	table,	and	felt	a	physical	pull	of	longing
in	her	chest.	“How’s	the	day?	How	are	my	lads?”

“Missing	 you.	 I	 went	 to	 put	 my	 shoes	 on	 and	 they	 gathered	 expectantly	 at	 my	 heels,
ready	for	their	run.”
“Well,	you	know	what	you	have	to	do.	They’ll	show	you	the	way.”
He	chortled.	“I	can	just	imagine	how	much	they’d	enjoy	a	run	with	yours	truly.	More
like	a	limping	lope!”
Regret	came	in	a	sudden	wave.	“Look,	Granddad,	about	the	other	night—”
“Water	under	the	bridge.”
“I	was	insensitive.”
“You	miss	Ruth.”
“I	was	snarky.”
“You	snark	because	you	care.”
“I	like	Louise,	she	seems	kind.”
“She’s	been	a	good	friend.	I	need	friends.	I’m	not	trying	to	replace	your	grandmother.
Now	tell	me,	how	was	your	meeting	with	Rose’s	great-niece?”
“A	dead	end,	sort	of.”
“The	baby	wasn’t	the	nanny’s?”
“It	 would	 appear	 not.”	 Sadie	 gave	 him	 a	 canned	 summary	 of	 her	 conversation	 with
Margot	 Sinclair,	 the	 disappointment	 that	 her	 theory	 appeared	 defunct,	 finishing	 with	 the
unexpected	news	about	Anthony	Edevane’s	shell	shock.	“I	don’t	know	that	it’s	relevant,
but	I’ve	been	doing	a	bit	of	reading	and	it’s	hard	to	imagine	a	man	going	through	all	that
without	it	impacting	his	life	afterwards.”	As	she	spoke	she’d	wandered	over	to	the	window
and	 stood	 now	 looking	 down	 into	 the	 street	 where	 a	 woman	 was	 remonstrating	 with	 a
child	who	refused	to	get	into	his	stroller.	“Did	any	of	our	family	go	to	the	First	World	War,
Granddad?”
“My	mother’s	cousin	fought	on	the	Somme,	but	he	lived	up	north	so	I	never	knew	him,
and	my	favorite	uncle	fought	in	the	second	war.”
“Was	he	different	when	he	came	back?”
“He	didn’t	come	back,	he	was	killed	in	France.	Terrible	loss;	my	mother	never	got	over
it.	Our	next-door	neighbor,	though,	Mr.	Rogers,	came	back	from	the	First	World	War	in	a
dreadful	condition.”
“Dreadful	how?”
“He’d	 been	 buried	 under	 the	 earth	 for	 eighteen	 hours	 after	 an	 explosion.	 Eighteen
hours!	 Can	 you	 imagine?	 He	 was	 out	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 no-man’s-land	 and	 his	 mates
couldn’t	get	to	him	for	all	the	shelling.	When	they	finally	managed	to	dig	him	out	he	was
in	 a	 catatonic	 state	 of	 shock.	 He	 was	 shipped	 back	 home	 and	 treated	 at	 one	 of	 those
hospitals	 they	 set	 up	 in	 country	 houses,	 but	 he	 was	 never	 the	 same	 according	 to	 my
parents.”
“What	was	he	like?”

“His	face	was	fixed	in	a	permanent	expression	of	horror.	He	used	to	have	nightmares
where	he	couldn’t	breathe,	and	he’d	wake	up	gasping	for	air.	Other	nights	we’d	be	woken
by	a	god-awful	wailing	that	traveled	right	through	the	walls	into	our	house.	Poor	man.	The
neighborhood	children	were	all	frightened	of	him;	they	used	to	take	dares	to	see	who	was
brave	enough	to	walk	up	to	his	door	and	knock	before	running	away	and	hiding.”
“But	not	you.”
“No,	 well,	 my	 mother	 would	 have	 tanned	 my	 hide	 if	 she’d	 even	 suspected	 I	 was
capable	of	that	sort	of	childish	cruelty.	Besides,	it	was	personal	with	Mr.	Rogers.	Ma	had
taken	him	under	her	wing.	She	cooked	an	extra	plate	of	supper	every	night,	brought	in	his
washing,	 made	 sure	 his	 house	 was	 kept	 clean.	 She	 was	 like	 that,	 the	 kindest	 of	 hearts,
never	as	happy	as	when	she	was	helping	someone	less	fortunate.”
“I	wish	I’d	known	her.”
“I	wish	you	had,	too.”
“She	sounds	a	lot	like	Ruth.”	Sadie	remembered	how	willingly	Ruth	had	welcomed	her
into	their	home	when	she	had	nowhere	else	to	go.
“Funny	you	should	say	that.	After	Ma	died	and	we	took	over	the	shop,	Ruth	took	over
with	Mr.	Rogers,	too.	She	was	adamant	that	we	couldn’t	just	leave	him	in	the	lurch.”
“I	can	just	hear	her	saying	that.”
Bertie	laughed	and	then	sighed,	and	Sadie	knew	he’d	be	climbing	the	stairs	to	the	attic
when	they	finished	their	phone	call,	digging	through	his	boxes	for	some	small	reminder	of
Ruth.	 He	 didn’t	 mention	 her	 again,	 though,	 changing	 the	 subject	 to	 more	 immediate,
tangible,	and	solvable	concerns.	“You	all	right	for	dinner?”
Sadie	felt	a	swell	of	emotion.	That	was	love	right	there,	wasn’t	it?	Someone	in	your	life
who	cared	that	your	next	meal	was	coming	to	you.	She	opened	the	fridge	and	wrinkled	her
nose.	“Just	dandy,”	she	said,	pushing	the	door	shut.	“I’m	heading	out	to	meet	a	friend.”
The	 Fox	 and	 Hounds	 did	 a	 roaring	 trade	 on	 Tuesday	 nights,	 due	 in	 no	 small	 part	 to	 its
position	across	the	road	from	a	backpackers’	hostel	and	its	institution	of	a	four-hour	happy
hour.	 There	 were	 other	 pubs	 closer	 to	 the	 Met,	 places	 that	 were	 teeming	 with	 police
officers,	but	Donald	reckoned	he	saw	enough	of	the	guys	from	work	at	work,	and	it	was
worth	the	extra	walk	to	have	a	break	from	talking	shop.	Sadie	had	taken	him	on	faith	for	a
long	 time,	 until	 she	 realized	 he	 always	 let	 her	 tag	 along,	 and	 they	 always	 talked	 shop,
usually	at	his	instigation.	Truth	was,	the	Fox	and	Hounds	had	the	cheapest	pints	this	side
of	 the	 Thames,	 and	 Donald	 was	 a	 cheapskate.	 A	 lovable	 cheapskate,	 but	 a	 cheapskate
nonetheless.	Tuesday	was	also	the	night	all	four	of	his	daughters	came	home	for	dinner,
and	 Donald	 had	 once	 told	 Sadie	 he	 needed	 all	 the	 fortification	 he	 could	 get	 if	 he	 didn’t
want	 to	 bust	 a	 cracking	 headache	 the	 minute	 he	 stepped	 across	 the	 threshold.	 “The
arguments,	Sparrow,	the	bickering	and	the	shifting	loyalties.	I	can’t	make	head	nor	tail	of
it.	Women!”	He	shook	his	head.	“They’re	a	mystery,	aren’t	they?”
All	of	which	was	to	say	that	Donald	was	a	creature	of	habit	and	when	Sadie	set	off	for
the	 Fox	 and	 Hounds,	 stomach	 growling,	 she	 knew	 she’d	 find	 him	 sitting	 on	 the	 bench

below	 the	 framed	 picture	 of	 the	 frog	 who	 would	 a-wooing	 go.	 Sure	 enough,	 when	 she
arrived,	a	telling	fug	of	smoke	sat	thick	above	the	booth.	She	paid	for	a	couple	of	pints	and
then	carried	them	gingerly	across	the	room,	ready	to	slide	into	the	empty	bench	opposite
him.	 Only	 it	 wasn’t	 empty.	 Harry	 Sullivan	 was	 slouched	 in	 the	 corner,	 laughing
uproariously	 at	 something	 Donald	 had	 just	 said.	 Sadie	 plonked	 her	 two	 beers	 on	 to	 the
table	and	said,	“Sorry,	Harry.	Didn’t	realize	you	were	here.”
Like	 all	 old	 cops,	 Donald	 had	 seen	 enough	 of	 the	 odd	 and	 the	 ugly	 to	 have	 lost	 the
ability	 to	 look	 surprised.	 The	 closest	 he	 came	 was	 the	 slight	 suggestion	 of	 an	 eyebrow
shift.	 “Sparrow,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 nod,	 as	 if	 she	 hadn’t	 just	 spent	 two	 weeks	 in	 the
wilderness	at	his	insistence.
“Don.”
“Thought	you	were	on	holidays,	Sparrow,”	said	Harry	cheerfully.	“Tired	of	the	sun	and
surf	already?”
“Something	like	that,	Sully.”	She	smiled	at	Donald,	who	drained	the	last	of	his	current
pint	and	wiped	his	moustache	with	the	back	of	his	hand	before	pushing	the	empty	glass	to
the	edge	of	the	table.
“Cornwall,	wasn’t	it?”	Sully	continued.	“I	had	an	aunt	who	used	to	live	in	Truro,	every
summer	me	and	the	brother	and	sister	would—”
“How	about	getting	us	another	round,	eh,	Sull?”	said	Donald.
The	 younger	 detective	 eyed	 the	 fresh	 beers	 Sadie	 had	 brought	 with	 her,	 opened	 his
mouth	 to	 point	 out	 to	 Don	 that	 he	 was	 already	 well	 served,	 before	 shutting	 it	 again.	 He
wasn’t	the	sharpest	tool	in	the	shed	but	realization	settled	on	his	broad	brow.	He	waved	his
empty	glass	in	the	general	direction	of	the	bar	and	said,	“Might	just	go	and	fetch	myself	a
fresh	one.”
“Righto	then,”	said	Donald	pleasantly.
Sadie	stepped	aside	so	Harry	could	leave	the	booth	and	she	took	his	place.	The	leather
was	 warm,	 an	 unfortunate	 physical	 manifestation	 of	 her	 growing	 sense	 that	 she’d	 been
replaced.	“You	and	Sull	have	been	partnering,	then?”
“We	have.”
“Working	on	anything	interesting?”
“B-and-E,	pretty	standard.”
Sadie	 itched	 for	 details	 but	 knew	 better	 than	 to	 press.	 She	 took	 up	 the	 menu	 and
scanned	it.	“I’m	starving.	You	don’t	mind	if	I	eat?”
“Not	at	all.”
The	 fashion	 for	 gentrification	 had	 bypassed	 the	 Fox	 and	 Hounds,	 and	 the	 menu
displayed	a	basic	list	of	four	choices,	all	served	with	chips,	just	as	it	had	since	1964.	So
proud	was	the	management	of	its	resistance	to	change,	the	fact	was	emblazoned	in	large
print	across	the	top	of	the	menu	card.	Needless	to	say,	Donald	approved	wholeheartedly.
“Bloody	 tapas,”	 he’d	 said	 to	 Sadie	 on	 more	 than	 one	 occasion	 when	 a	 case	 took	 them

further	 afield.	 “What’s	 wrong	 with	 a	 good	 old-fashioned	 pie?	 When	 did	 people	 get	 so
bloody	fancy?”
The	waitress	came	by	and	Sadie	ordered	fish	and	chips.	“Anything	for	you?”
Donald	shook	his	head.	“Family	dinner,”	he	said	grimly.
The	waitress	left	and	Sadie	took	a	sip	of	beer.	“Family	well?”
“Very	well.”
“And	you’re	keeping	busy?”
“Very	busy.	Listen,	Sparrow—”
“I’ve	been	busy,	too,	working	a	cold	case.”	Even	as	she	said	it,	Sadie	kicked	herself.
She	hadn’t	intended	to	mention	the	Edevane	family.	Digging	around	after	a	child	who’d
been	 missing	 seventy	 years,	 tracking	 down	 old	 maps	 and	 police	 files,	 conducting
interviews	 with	 the	 descendants	 of	 those	 involved—it	 didn’t	 exactly	 scream	 rest	 and
recuperation,	but	seeing	Sully	sitting	there	in	her	place	had	pushed	all	her	buttons.	Dolt!
There	was	no	taking	it	back	now,	though,	and	Sadie	figured	the	best	thing	for	it	was	to
move	on	with	a	new	subject,	cover	her	mistake.	But	even	as	she	thought	it,	she	knew	it
was	too	late.	Donald’s	ears	had	pricked	up	like	an	Alsatian	who’d	caught	a	whiff	of	rabbit.
“Cold	case?	Who	for?”
“Oh,	 it’s	 nothing	 really.	 An	 old	 officer	 in	 Cornwall	 who	 was	 looking	 for	 a	 sounding
board.”	She	took	a	swig	of	beer,	bought	herself	some	time	before	compounding	the	lie.	“A
friend	of	my	grandfather’s.	Couldn’t	really	say	no.”	She	started	outlining	the	Edevane	case
before	Donald	could	ask	too	much	more	about	how	it	had	come	her	way.	Better	he	think
her	 benignly	 helpful	 than	 weirdly	 obsessive.	 He	 listened,	 nodding	 occasionally	 as	 he
shepherded	tiny	pieces	of	spilled	tobacco	across	the	table	surface.
“I’ve	got	a	feeling	this	shell	shock	is	important,”	Sadie	said	as	the	waitress	deposited	a
plate	of	overfried	fish	in	front	of	her.
“You	and	your	feelings,	eh?”
Sadie	cursed	the	poor	choice	of	words	but	didn’t	bite.	“Know	much	about	it?”
“Post-traumatic	stress	disorder?	I	know	a	little.”
She	 remembered	 then	 that	 Donald’s	 nephew	 had	 served	 in	 the	 Gulf	 War.	 Her	 partner
wasn’t	the	most	loquacious	of	people,	but	there’d	been	enough	veiled	references	for	Sadie
to	gather	that	Jeremy	hadn’t	had	what	might	euphemistically	be	termed	“a	good	war.”
“Shit	of	a	thing.	Just	when	we	think	we’ve	turned	a	corner,	it	hits	him	again.	Terrible
depression.”	 He	 shook	 his	 head	 as	 if	 the	 words	 to	 describe	 the	 depth	 of	 his	 nephew’s
suffering	 were	 not	 available.	 “Not	 your	 usual	 sad-sack	 blues,	 something	 very	 different.
Hopeless,	despairing,	terrible.”
“Anxiety?”
“That	too.	Heart	palpitations,	fear,	nightmares	that	seem	real.”
“What	about	violent	urges?”

“You	 could	 say	 that.	 My	 sister-in-law	 found	 him	 with	 his	 old	 man’s	 hunting	 rifle,
pointing	 it	 at	 the	 door	 to	 his	 younger	 brother’s	 room.	 He	 thought	 there	 were	 militants
inside;	he’d	had	a	vision.”
“God,	Don,	I’m	sorry.”
Donald’s	lips	set	thin.	He	allowed	a	quick	nod.	“God-awful	thing.	Gentle	kid,	he	was,
real	 good	 heart,	 and	 I	 don’t	 just	 say	 that	 because	 he’s	 my	 brother’s	 boy.	 I	 always	 knew
when	my	girls	were	with	Jeremy	I	could	rest	easy.”	He	swept	the	tobacco	pieces	off	the
table	 with	 one	 angry	 swipe.	 “The	 things	 those	 boys	 had	 to	 do.	 The	 things	 they	 saw	 and
that	they	can’t	forget.	How	does	a	person	go	back	to	normal	after	that?	How	do	you	tell	a
man	to	kill	and	then	expect	him	to	go	back	to	normal?”
“I	don’t	know.”	Sadie	shook	her	head.
Donald	took	up	his	beer	and	swigged	savagely.	When	the	glass	was	drained,	he	wiped
the	back	of	his	hand	across	the	bristles	of	his	moustache.	His	eyes	were	bloodshot.
“Don—”
“What	are	you	doing	here,	Sparrow?”
“I	called,	I	left	a	message.	You	didn’t	get	my	message?”
“I	was	hoping	you	were	joking.	Friday	the	thirteenth	and	all	that.”
“I	wasn’t.	I’m	ready	to	come	back.	If	you	could	just	trust	me—”
“It’s	 too	 late,	 Sparrow.”	 His	 voice	 had	 lowered,	 was	 almost	 a	 hiss.	 He	 leaned	 closer,
glancing	over	his	shoulder	to	where	Sully	was	still	propped	against	the	bar,	laughing	with
a	 blond	 backpacker.	 “Ashford’s	 opened	 an	 inquiry	 into	 the	 Bailey	 case	 leak.	 I	 heard	 it
from	Parr-Wilson,	who	always	knows	before	the	rest	of	us.	There’s	pressure	from	above,
an	example	needs	to	be	made,	internal	politics.	You	get	the	picture.”
“Shit.”
“That’s	about	right.”
They	sat	for	a	moment,	each	privately	pondering	the	gravity	of	the	situation.	Don	rolled
the	base	of	his	glass	back	and	forth	on	the	table.	“Jesus,	Sparrow.	You	know	I	think	a	lot
of	you,	but	with	my	retirement	at	the	end	of	the	year	I	need	to	keep	my	nose	clean.”
She	nodded	as	the	new	reality	washed	over	her.
“Best	thing	you	could	do	would	be	to	get	yourself	back	to	Cornwall.	If	the	truth	comes
out—and	 it’s	 not	 going	 to	 come	 from	 me—at	 least	 you’ll	 be	 able	 to	 claim	 mental
exhaustion,	show	them	you	recognized	you	did	the	wrong	thing	and	took	yourself	off	the
beat.”
Sadie	 rubbed	 her	 forehead.	 Disappointment	 was	 bitter	 in	 her	 mouth	 and	 the	 pub
suddenly	seemed	a	lot	noisier	than	before.
“You	with	me,	Sparrow?”
She	gave	him	a	reluctant	nod.

“Good	 girl.	 You	 were	 never	 here	 tonight.	 You’ve	 been	 in	 Cornwall	 the	 whole	 time,
resting	up.”
“What	about	Sully?”
“Don’t	worry	about	Sully.	With	Blondie	over	there	laughing	at	his	jokes,	he’s	not	even
going	to	remember	your	name.”
“Gee,	thanks.”
“You	should	be	glad.”
“Yeah,	yeah.”
“And	now	you	should	be	gone.”
She	gathered	her	bag.
“And	Sparrow?”
She	turned	back	to	him.
“Let	me	know	how	you	get	on	with	that	cold	case,	eh?”

22
Rain	was	falling	when	Sadie	reached	her	neighborhood,	fine	silver	darts	slanting	in	the
glow	of	the	streetlights.	Puddles	pooled	along	the	roadside	and	every	car	that	passed	sent	a
spray	whooshing	sideways.	Sadie	had	thought	the	run	home	would	do	her	good,	but	she
was	 no	 clearer	 of	 mind	 than	 when	 she’d	 left	 the	 Fox	 and	 Hounds,	 and	 rather	 more
drenched.	She	told	herself	at	least	things	couldn’t	get	much	worse,	that	there	was	nothing
a	 hot	 shower	 wouldn’t	 improve,	 but	 as	 she	 approached	 her	 block	 of	 flats	 she	 noticed
someone	 standing	 in	 the	 shadows	 beneath	 the	 entrance	 awning.	 People	 didn’t	 usually
linger	in	the	rain	for	fun,	and	this	one	had	the	distinct	look	of	someone	who	was	waiting:
curved	shoulders,	crossed	arms,	a	ready	stance	as	he	or	she,	it	was	impossible	to	tell	from
here,	 hugged	 the	 wall.	 Sadie	 broke	 her	 jog	 to	 a	 walk	 and	 glanced	 upwards.	 All	 of	 her
neighbors’	 lights	 were	 on;	 the	 only	 black	 windows	 were	 her	 own—which	 meant,
presumably,	 that	 the	 person	 standing	 there	 in	 the	 dark	 was	 waiting	 for	 her.	 With	 a
determined	sigh,	she	scrounged	in	her	bag	for	keys	and	clamped	the	sharpest	one	between
her	 fingers.	 Sadie	 had	 been	 caught	 off-guard	 before—the	 disgruntled	 suspect	 in	 a	 drug
case—and	had	vowed	never	to	let	it	happen	again.
She	 told	 herself	 to	 stay	 calm,	 to	 keep	 walking	 at	 the	 same	 pace,	 even	 as	 adrenaline
coursed	beneath	her	skin.	Her	mind	was	reeling	through	all	the	old	cases	she’d	filed,	the
list	of	questionable	acquaintances	she’d	made,	any	of	whom	might	have	decided	tonight
was	the	perfect	opportunity	to	settle	an	old	score.	She	conducted	a	surreptitious	survey	of
the	 cars	 parked	 in	 the	 street,	 wondering	 which,	 if	 any,	 held	 an	 accomplice,	 and
remembered,	with	a	sinking	sensation,	that	her	mobile	phone	was	upstairs	charging.
As	 she	 drew	 closer,	 the	 instinctive	 surge	 of	 fear	 she’d	 experienced	 was	 trumped	 by
irritation.	Sadie	wasn’t	in	the	mood	for	playing	someone	else’s	game,	not	after	the	night
she’d	had.	She	gritted	her	teeth	and	called	the	stranger’s	bluff.	“Are	you	looking	for	me?”
The	person	turned	swiftly.	“I	thought	you	must’ve	gone	away.”
It	 was	 a	 woman’s	 voice.	 Light	 from	 the	 streetlamp	 caught	 her	 face,	 illuminating	 it
orange,	and	because	Sadie	was	nowhere	near	as	old	or	as	practiced	as	Donald,	she	knew
her	surprise	showed	loud	and	clear.	“I	did,”	she	stammered.	“I’m	back,	I	got	back	today.”
Nancy	Bailey	gave	a	slight	smile.	“Good	timing,	then,	eh?	Mind	if	I	come	in?”
Sadie	 balked.	 God,	 yes,	 she	 minded.	 A	 home	 visit	 from	 Maggie	 Bailey’s	 mother	 was
the	very	last	thing	she	needed	as	she	tried	to	lie	low	in	the	face	of	the	super’s	inquiry.	She
could	just	imagine	how	continued	links	to	the	Bailey	case	would	wash.
“You	said	to	keep	in	touch,”	said	Nancy,	“to	let	you	know	if	I	thought	of	anything?”
Stupid.	 Sadie	 cursed	 herself	 for	 being	 a	 twit.	 She	 remembered	 saying	 it	 as	 she	 and
Donald	had	finished	up	their	final	visit	to	Nancy,	advising	her	that	the	case	was	closed	and

police	involvement	in	her	daughter’s	situation	was	ended.	“I’m	sure	you	understand,	Mrs.
Bailey,	 we	 can’t	 go	 looking	 for	 everyone	 who	 decides	 to	 take	 a	 little	 holiday	 without
telling	people.”	Donald	had	been	the	one	to	break	the	news,	and	Sadie	had	stood	beside
him	nodding	agreement.	Only	when	they	were	down	on	the	street	again	did	she	announce
that	 she’d	 left	 her	 notebook	 upstairs	 and	 race	 back	 up	 to	 knock	 on	 Nancy’s	 door.	 Idiot.
Sadie	was	furious	with	herself,	but	what	else	could	she	do	now?	“Come	on	in,”	she	said,
opening	the	front	door	and	ushering	Maggie’s	mother	inside	the	building.	She	shot	a	look
over	her	shoulder,	half	expecting	to	see	one	of	Ashford’s	spies	taking	notes.
Inside	her	flat,	the	television	was	still	mumbling	and	the	dead	plant	was	still	dead.	The
lighting	was	ominous	or	romantic,	depending	on	your	perspective.	Sadie	made	a	hurried
grab	of	things	from	the	sofa—overnight	bag	with	clothes	spilling	out	of	it,	the	letters	and
advertising	mail	she’d	tossed	there	earlier—and	piled	them	on	the	edge	of	the	coffee	table.
“Make	yourself	comfy,”	she	said.	“I’ll	just	dry	off.	Won’t	be	a	minute.”
In	her	bedroom	she	cursed	beneath	her	breath	as	she	struggled	out	of	her	wet	shirt	and
dug	around	in	the	drawer	for	a	new	one.	Shit,	shit,	shit.	She	toweled	her	hair,	wiped	her
face,	and	took	a	deep	breath.	It	was	not	ideal	to	have	Nancy	in	her	flat,	no	two	ways	about
it,	 but	 she	 could	 at	 least	 make	 a	 good	 from	 a	 bad,	 seize	 the	 opportunity	 to	 end	 the
relationship	once	and	for	all.	With	a	deep,	decisive	sigh,	she	went	back	to	the	sitting	room.
Nancy	was	on	the	sofa,	drumming	her	fingers	lightly	on	the	thigh	of	her	faded	jeans	as
she	waited,	and	Sadie	was	struck	by	how	vulnerable	she	looked,	how	young.	She	was	only
forty-five,	 her	 ash-blond	 hair	 hanging	 straight	 past	 her	 shoulders,	 her	 fringe	 long	 and
blunt.
“Can	I	get	you	a	cuppa,	Nancy?”
“That’d	be	lovely.”
A	quick	scan	of	the	kitchen	revealed	she	was	out	of	bags.	“How	about	a	whiskey?”
“That’d	be	even	lovelier.”
Sadie	 was	 reminded	 how	 much	 she	 liked	 Nancy.	 In	 another	 life,	 they	 might’ve	 been
friends.	That	was	part	of	the	problem.	She	took	down	two	glasses	and	brought	them	and
Johnnie	 Walker	 to	 the	 coffee	 table.	 She	 knew	 what	 she	 ought	 to	 do:	 refuse	 to	 enter	 into
conversation	 about	 Maggie’s	 “disappearance,”	 behave	 for	 all	 the	 world	 as	 if	 Nancy’s
daughter	 had	 just	 stepped	 out	 and	 there	 was	 every	 chance	 she’d	 returned	 home	 in	 the
intervening	fortnight,	say	something	chatty	like	“Have	you	heard	from	Maggie	yet?”	But
as	 she	 opened	 her	 mouth	 to	 do	 so,	 she	 closed	 it	 again.	 She’d	 been	 such	 a	 vehement
proponent	 of	 the	 theory	 that	 Maggie	 had	 met	 with	 foul	 play,	 it	 would	 have	 seemed
impossibly	 false.	 She	 resolved	 to	 let	 Nancy	 speak	 first.	 She	 poured	 whiskey	 into	 the
glasses	and	handed	one	over.
“So,”	 Nancy	 said,	 “I	 went	 around	 to	 see	 the	 people	 moving	 into	 Maggie’s	 flat.	 Their
flat,	now—the	man	she	rented	it	from	decided	to	sell,	quick	and	quiet,	as	if	my	Maggie
never	existed.”
“You	went	to	see	the	new	owners?”
“I	wanted	to	make	sure	they	knew	what	had	happened	there.	Just	in	case.”

She	didn’t	explain	further,	but	she	didn’t	need	to.	Sadie	knew	what	she	meant.	Just	in
case	Maggie	comes	back.	She	could	well	imagine	the	conversation.	In	Sadie’s	experience,
most	people	did	not	enjoy	the	notoriety	of	purchasing	and	living	in	a	place	that	had	been
part	 of	 a	 criminal	 investigation,	 though	 child	 abandonment	 was	 preferable	 to	 a	 murder
scene,	she	supposed.	“And?”	she	said.	“How	was	it?”
“They	were	nice.	A	young	couple,	newlyweds—their	first	home.	They	were	still	in	the
middle	of	unpacking	but	they	invited	me	in	for	a	cup	of	tea.”
“And	you	accepted?”
“Of	course	I	did.”
Of	course	she	did.	Nancy’s	faith	in	Maggie	was	fierce,	matched	only	by	the	lengths	to
which	she’d	go	to	prove	that	she’d	been	right,	that	her	daughter	hadn’t	abandoned	her	own
child.
“I	wanted	to	see	inside,	just	one	more	time.	She	wasn’t	there,	though,	my	Maggie.	It
was	 like	 a	 different	 place	 without	 her	 things.”	 Maggie’s	 things	 were	 all	 in	 boxes,	 Sadie
knew,	 piled	 on	 top	 of	 one	 another	 in	 Nancy’s	 spare	 room,	 the	 one	 she’d	 had	 set	 up	 for
Caitlyn.	Nancy	looked	as	if	she	were	about	to	cry	and	Sadie	wasn’t	sure	what	to	say.	She
didn’t	even	have	a	box	of	tissues	to	place	meaningfully	on	the	coffee	table	between	them.
“I	know	there	was	no	point,”	Nancy	continued.	“I	know	it	was	a	stupid	thing	to	do.	They
were	nice,	asked	me	questions	about	her,	but	I	could	tell	by	their	faces	they	felt	sorry	for
me,	they	thought	I	was	mad.	A	crazy,	sad	old	woman.	I	know	it	was	stupid.”
It	was	 stupid.	 A	 less	 forgiving	 couple	 and	 she	 might	 have	 ended	 up	 with	 the	 police
arriving,	a	charge	of	harassment	or	even	trespassing.	But	it	was	understandable	too.	Sadie
thought	 about	 Loeanneth,	 still	 furnished	 seventy	 years	 after	 Theo’s	 disappearance,	 and
about	 Clive’s	 account	 of	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 turning	 up	 year	 after	 year	 just	 to	 occupy	 the
place	where	her	son	had	last	been	seen.	It	was	the	same	thing,	only	Nancy	didn’t	have	the
luxury	 of	 maintaining	 a	 shrine	 to	 her	 missing	 daughter.	 All	 she	 had	 was	 a	 spare	 room
loaded	with	boxes	and	cheap	furniture.
“How’s	Caitlyn?”	she	asked,	changing	the	subject.
That	 brought	 a	 smile	 to	 Nancy’s	 face.	 “She’s	 well,	 little	 petal.	 Missing	 her	 mother.	 I
don’t	see	her	as	much	as	I’d	like	to.”
“I’m	 really	 sorry	 to	 hear	 that.”	 She	 was,	 too.	 Sadie	 had	 been	 struck	 when	 she
interviewed	 Nancy	 the	 first	 time	 by	 the	 number	 of	 framed	 photographs	 of	 the	 little	 girl
displayed	in	her	flat.	On	top	of	the	television	set,	hanging	on	the	wall,	standing	amongst
other	 photos	 on	 the	 bookshelf.	 Apparently	 they’d	 spent	 a	 lot	 of	 time	 together	 before
Maggie	 upped	 and	 left.	 Nancy	 had	 taken	 regular	 care	 of	 Caitlyn	 when	 Maggie	 was
working.
“I	feel	like	I’ve	lost	them	both.”	Nancy	fiddled	with	the	edge	of	a	cushion	on	Sadie’s
sofa.
“You	haven’t,	though.	It	seems	to	me	Caitlyn	will	need	you	more	now	than	ever.”
“I	 don’t	 know	 where	 I	 fit	 anymore.	 Whole	 new	 life	 Caty’s	 got.	 They’ve	 decorated	 a
room	especially	at	Steve’s	place,	filled	it	with	toys,	a	new	bed	with	a	Dora	the	Explorer

duvet	cover.	Dora’s	her	favorite.”
“I	remember,”	said	Sadie,	picturing	the	little	girl	in	the	hallway,	her	pink	Dora	nightie.
The	 memory	 came	 like	 a	 sharp	 pain	 in	 her	 chest,	 and	 she	 could	 see	 how	 much	 it	 hurt
Nancy	to	think	that	her	daughter	had	been	replaced	so	easily	in	the	little	girl’s	affections.
“She’s	a	kid.	Kids	like	toys	and	TV	characters,	but	they	know	what	really	matters.”
Nancy	 sighed	 and	 brushed	 back	 her	 fringe.	 “You’re	 a	 good	 sort,	 Sadie.	 I	 don’t	 know
why	I’m	here.	I	shouldn’t	have	come,	I’ll	only	get	you	in	trouble.”
Sadie	 didn’t	 mention	 that	 that	 horse	 had	 already	 bolted.	 Instead,	 she	 topped	 up	 their
glasses.
“I	suppose	you’re	working	on	something	else	now?”
“No	rest	for	the	wicked.”
Sadie	considered	outlining	the	Edevane	case,	just	to	change	the	subject,	but	decided	the
parallels—a	missing	person	never	found—would	be	unhelpful.	And	Nancy	wasn’t	really
listening	 anyway,	 she	 was	 still	 thinking	 about	 Maggie.	 “You	 know	 what	 doesn’t	 make
sense,”	 she	 said,	 setting	 down	 her	 glass	 and	 plaiting	 her	 fingers,	 “is	 why	 Maggie	 would
have	left	Caitlyn	after	she	went	through	so	much	difficulty	to	have	her	in	the	first	place.”
“To	 conceive	 her,	 you	 mean?”	 Sadie	 was	 mildly	 surprised.	 This	 was	 the	 first	 she’d
heard	of	fertility	issues.
“God,	 no,	 they	 only	 had	 to	 look	 at	 one	 another,	 those	 two.	 They	 had	 to	 move	 the
wedding	 forward,	 if	 you	 know	 what	 I	 mean.	 No,	 I’m	 talking	 about	 after	 they	 divorced,
custody.	Maggie	had	to	go	to	so	much	effort	to	prove	she	was	a	good	mother;	she	had	to
get	 witness	 statements	 and	 put	 up	 with	 social	 services	 visiting	 and	 making	 their	 notes.
Being	 so	 young,	 the	 courts	 took	 some	 convincing,	 but	 she	 was	 determined	 not	 to	 let
Caitlyn	go.	She	said	to	me,	‘Mum,	Caty’s	my	daughter	and	she	belongs	with	me.’ ”	Nancy
looked	 at	 Sadie	 with	 an	 imploring,	 somehow	 triumphant	 expression.	 Don’t	 you	 see?	 it
seemed	to	say.	“Why	would	she	go	through	all	that	only	to	walk	out?”
Sadie	hadn’t	the	heart	to	tell	Nancy	that	a	court	battle	proved	nothing.	That	there	were
very	 few	 separations	 where	 the	 parents	 didn’t	 fight	 tooth	 and	 nail	 for	 custody,	 and	 that
their	determination	frequently	had	less	to	do	with	a	longing	for	parenthood	than	it	did	with
one-upping	 their	 ex.	 She	 had	 seen	 otherwise	 mild,	 sane	 people	 fight	 viciously	 in	 the
Family	 Court	 for	 guinea	 pigs	 and	 cutlery	 sets	 and	 the	 portrait	 Great-Aunt	 Mildred	 had
painted	of	her	terrier,	Bilbo.
“Wasn’t	 easy,	 neither.	 He’s	 in	 a	 much	 better	 financial	 position	 than	 my	 Maggie,	 and
remarried.	She	was	worried	the	courts	would	decide	that	two	adults,	a	mum	and	a	dad,	in
the	 household	 were	 better	 than	 one.	 The	 judge	 got	 it	 right	 in	 the	 end,	 though.	 She	 saw
what	 a	 good	 mum	 my	 Maggie	 was.	 And	 she	 was	 a	 good	 mum.	 I	 know	 what	 Steve	 told
you,	 that	 business	 with	 her	 forgetting	 to	 collect	 Caitlyn	 from	 nursery,	 but	 that	 was	 a
misunderstanding.	She	was	only	late	because	she’d	started	a	new	job,	and	as	soon	as	she
realized	 it	 was	 going	 to	 be	 tight,	 that’s	 when	 I	 started	 helping.	 She	 was	 a	 terrific	 mum.
When	Caty	turned	two,	all	she	wanted	was	a	trip	to	the	seaside	and	that’s	what	we	planned
to	do	for	her	birthday.	We’d	promised	and	promised	and	talked	about	it	for	weeks,	but	the
day	before,	she	came	over	poorly.	A	high	temperature,	all	floppy	and	sorry	for	herself.	You

know	what	Maggie	did?	She	brought	the	seaside	to	Caty.	Raided	the	storeroom	at	work	for
leftover	 supplies	 and	 spent	 the	 whole	 night	 making	 waves	 out	 of	 cellophane	 and
cardboard,	fish	and	seagulls	and	shells	for	Caty	to	collect.	She	put	on	a	Punch	and	Judy
show,	just	for	Caty.”
Nancy’s	blue	eyes	gleamed	with	the	memory.	Sadie	met	the	other	woman’s	smile	but
her	 own	 was	 tempered	 with	 pity.	 She	 understood	 why	 Nancy	 had	 come	 tonight	 and	 it
made	 her	 sad.	 There	 was	 no	 breakthrough	 in	 the	 case;	 she	 simply	 wanted	 to	 talk	 about
Maggie,	 and	 rather	 than	 reach	 out	 to	 a	 friend	 or	 relative,	 she’d	 chosen	 Sadie	 as	 her
confidante.	It	wasn’t	uncommon	during	investigations	for	members	of	the	victim’s	family
to	 develop	 an	 abnormally	 tight	 bond	 with	 the	 police	 officer	 in	 charge.	 Sadie	 figured	 it
made	 sense	 that	 someone	 whose	 life	 had	 been	 turned	 upside	 down	 by	 the	 shock	 and
trauma	 of	 an	 unexpected	 crime	 would	 cling	 to	 the	 person	 who	 seemed	 to	 represent
solutions	and	safety,	who	seemed	to	be	in	charge	and	able	to	fix	things.
But	Sadie	was	no	longer	in	charge	of	finding	Maggie,	and	she	certainly	wasn’t	able	to
fix	things.	Not	for	Nancy	Bailey,	not	even	for	herself.	Sadie	glanced	at	the	digital	clock	on
the	oven.	She’d	been	hit	suddenly	by	a	wave	of	extreme	tiredness.	The	day	had	been	long
and	heavy	and	waking	that	morning	in	Cornwall	seemed	like	something	that	had	happened
to	someone	else	a	very	long	time	ago.	She	felt	sorry	for	Nancy,	but	they	were	going	over
old	 ground,	 which	 was	 in	 neither	 one	 of	 their	 best	 interests.	 She	 gathered	 their	 empty
glasses	into	a	cluster	 near	 the	 bottle	 of	 JW.	 “Nancy,	 look,	 I’m	 sorry,	 I	 don’t	 mean	 to	 be
rude,	but	I’m	very	tired.”
The	 other	 woman	 nodded	 quickly.	 “ ’Course	 you	 are,	 sorry—I	 just	 get	 stuck,	 you
know?”
“I	know.”
“And	 there	 was	 a	 reason	 I	 came	 tonight.”	 She	 pulled	 something	 out	 of	 her	 pocket,	 a
small	 leather-bound	 notebook.	 “I’ve	 been	 going	 through	 Maggie’s	 things	 again,	 just	 in
case	I	found	a	new	lead,	and	I	saw	in	her	diary	she	had	a	dinner	date	with	a	man	called
MT.	It	had	been	there	the	whole	time	but	I	didn’t	realize	what	it	was.	I	remember	now,	he
was	a	new	fellow	at	work.”	She	was	pointing	at	the	initials	with	a	fingernail	bitten	to	the
quick.
“You	think	this	guy,	this	MT,	might	have	been	involved?	That	he	had	something	to	do
with	her	disappearance?”
Nancy	 was	 looking	 at	 her	 like	 she’d	 lost	 her	 marbles.	 “No,	 you	 duffer!	 I	 think	 he’s
proof	that	she	didn’t	go	anywhere,	not	by	choice.	Maggie	never	dated,	not	since	she	and
Steve	 split	 up.	 She	 didn’t	 think	 it	 was	 right	 to	 confuse	 Caty	 by	 parading	 one	 man	 after
another	across	the	threshold.	But	this	one	was	different,	this	MT.	She’d	told	me	about	him,
you	see,	more	than	once.	‘Mum,	she	said,	he’s	so	handsome	and	really	kind	and	funny.’
She	thought	he	might	even	be	The	One.”
“Nancy—”
“Don’t	you	see?	Why	would	she	walk	out	right	when	everything	was	coming	together
for	her?”

Sadie	could	think	of	any	number	of	reasons,	but	reasons	hardly	mattered	at	this	point.	It
was	 like	 Donald	 always	 said:	 thoughts	 about	 motive	 were	 a	 distraction.	 They	 stopped
people	from	seeing	what	was	right	in	front	of	them	if	they	couldn’t	straight	away	explain
it.	 All	 that	 mattered	 was	 that	 Maggie	 had	 walked	 out.	 They’d	 found	 unassailable	 proof.
“There	was	a	note,	Nancy.”
“Note.”	Nancy	waved	her	hand,	frustrated.	“You	know	what	I	think	of	that	note.”
Sadie	 did	 know	 what	 Nancy	 thought	 of	 the	 note.	 She	 thought	 very	little	of	it	indeed.
Somewhat	predictably,	Nancy	was	convinced	the	note	was	a	fake.	This	was	despite	having
been	 told	 numerous	 times,	 by	 more	 than	 one	 handwriting	 analyst,	 with	 high	 degrees	 of
certainty,	that	the	message	had	been	written	by	Maggie.
“It	doesn’t	make	sense,”	Nancy	said	now.	“If	you	knew	her,	you’d	agree.”
Sadie	didn’t	know	Maggie,	but	there	were	a	number	of	things	she	did	know.	She	knew
there’d	been	a	note,	she	knew	Caitlyn	had	been	hungry	and	frightened	when	they	found
her,	she	knew	the	little	girl	was	happy	and	safe	now.	Sadie	looked	at	Nancy,	sitting	on	the
other	side	of	the	sofa,	her	face	wretched	with	the	effort	of	inventing	endless	possibilities
for	 what	 might	 have	 happened	 to	 Maggie.	 It	 seemed	 the	 human	 brain	 had	 an	 unlimited
creative	ability	when	it	desired	something	enough.
She	thought	again	of	Eleanor	Edevane,	whose	child	had	also	disappeared.	Nowhere	in
Clive’s	notes	had	there	been	evidence	that	she’d	made	alternative	suggestions	as	to	where
her	son	might	be.	In	fact,	Clive	said	she’d	handled	herself	with	grace,	that	she’d	quietly	let
police	get	on	with	their	work,	that	her	husband	had	stopped	her	from	tearing	outside	and
helping	 with	 the	 search,	 that	 she’d	 decided	 against	 posting	 a	 reward	 but	 had	 donated
money	later	to	the	police	in	gratitude	for	their	efforts.
It	 suddenly	 seemed	 to	 Sadie	 very	 unnatural	 behavior.	 Vastly	 different	 from	 Nancy
Bailey’s	 ferocious	 belief	 that	 the	 police	 were	 wrong,	 her	 tireless	 attempts	 to	 find	 new
avenues	 of	 investigation.	 In	 fact,	 Eleanor	 Edevane’s	 passivity	 could	 almost	 be	 read	 as
further	 evidence	 she	 already	 knew	 the	 whereabouts	 of	 her	 child.	 Clive	 certainly	 hadn’t
thought	so.	He’d	been	convinced	she	was	holding	herself	together	with	tremendous	will
and	 was	 brought	 unstuck	 only	 by	 the	 compounding	 tragedy	 of	 her	 friend	 Llewellyn’s
suicide.
But,	 then,	 investigating	 officers	 couldn’t	 always	 be	 counted	 on	 to	 look	 beyond	 the
personal	relationship	they’d	forged	with	families,	especially	a	young	officer	just	starting
out.	Sadie	sat	very	still,	her	mind	suddenly	active,	ticking	over	the	possibilities.	Was	the
donation	to	police	actually	an	apology	of	some	sort,	for	wasting	their	time	and	resources
in	a	search	she	knew	would	be	fruitless?	The	search	for	a	little	boy	who	was	already	dead?
Who	 had,	 perhaps,	 already	 been	 buried	 in	 the	 grounds	 of	 Loeanneth?	 In	 the	 woods,
maybe,	that	gave	the	house	its	total	privacy?
“I’m	sorry.	You’re	tired.	I	should	go.”
Sadie	blinked.	Away	with	her	thoughts,	she’d	almost	forgotten	her	visitor.
Nancy	gathered	her	bag	by	the	straps,	slinging	it	over	her	shoulder.	She	stood.	“It	was
good	of	you	to	see	me.”

“Nancy—”	Sadie	stopped.	She	wasn’t	sure	what	she	wanted	to	say.	I’m	sorry	it	didn’t
work	out	differently.	I’m	sorry	I	let	you	down.	She	wasn’t	a	hugger,	and	yet	in	that	moment
Sadie	felt	an	overwhelming	urge	to	embrace	the	other	woman.	And	so	she	did.
Sadie	sat	for	a	time	on	the	sofa	after	Nancy	left.	She	was	still	tired,	but	her	mind	was	too
restless	 to	 sleep.	 She	 cursed	 herself	 for	 having	 returned	 “Fictional	 Escap(e)ades”	 before
leaving	 Cornwall;	 she	 could	 have	 used	 a	 good	 sedative	 right	 now.	 The	 other	 woman’s
sadness,	 her	 loneliness,	 and	 the	 evident	 betrayal	 she	 felt	 in	 the	 face	 of	 her	 daughter’s
absconding	had	left	a	shadowy	echo	behind	in	the	flat.	It	was	a	great	pity	she	felt	cut	off
from	 Caitlyn,	 but	 Sadie	 was	 glad	 for	 the	 little	 girl	 that	 she	 had	 another	 parent,	 a	 loving
father	 with	 a	 second	 wife	 prepared	 to	 take	 on	 somebody	 else’s	 child.	 There	 were	 some
good	people	in	the	world,	people	like	Bertie	and	Ruth.
When	 Sadie	 had	 found	 out	 she	 was	 pregnant	 that	 summer,	 there’d	 been	 a	 dreadful
series	of	rows	with	her	parents.	They’d	been	adamant	that	“people	mustn’t	know”	and	had
demanded	that	she	“get	it	taken	care	of”	as	quickly	and	quietly	as	possible.	Sadie	had	been
bewildered	 and	 frightened,	 but	 she’d	 refused;	 things	 had	 escalated,	 her	 father	 had
blustered	and	threatened,	and	then	finally—she	couldn’t	remember	now	whether	it	was	he
or	she	who’d	given	the	ultimatum—Sadie	had	left	home.	That’s	when	the	social	services
had	got	involved,	asking	whether	there	was	anyone	else	she	could	stay	with	while	things
cooled	down,	family	or	friends	who	might	take	her	in.	Sadie	had	initially	told	them	no.	It
was	only	when	they	pressed	that	she	remembered	the	grandparents	she	used	to	visit	when
she	was	younger.	Vague	memories	came	to	her	of	the	drive	into	London,	the	roast	Sunday
lunches,	 and	 the	 tiny	 walled	 garden.	 There’d	 been	 a	 falling-out,	 she	 remembered—her
parents,	like	many	of	the	blinkered	and	unyielding,	were	often	falling	out	with	people—
and	Sadie’s	mother	had	broken	contact	with	her	own	mum	and	dad	when	Sadie	was	four
years	old.
Sadie	had	been	nervous	when	she	met	Bertie	and	Ruth	again	after	all	those	years.	The
circumstances	of	the	reunion	made	her	feel	ashamed	and	therefore	indignant.	She’d	stood
with	 her	 back	 against	 the	 wall	 of	 the	 shop,	 shy	 disguised	 as	 surly,	 while	 Mr.	 and	 Mrs.
Gardiner	exchanged	neighborly	pleasantries	with	the	grandparents	she	could	barely	bring
herself	to	look	at.	Ruth	had	chatted	while	Bertie	stood	quietly	by,	his	wise	brow	furrowed,
and	Sadie	focused	on	her	shoes,	her	fingernails,	the	framed	postcard	by	the	cash	register—
anything	 other	 than	 the	 well-meaning	 adults	 who’d	 recently	 assumed	 control	 over	 her
small	world.
It	was	while	she	was	standing	there,	looking	at	the	postcard,	a	sepia	photograph	of	a
garden	gate	somewhere,	that	she’d	felt	the	baby	kick	for	the	first	time.	As	if	we	shared	the
most	amazing	secret,	that	tiny	hidden	person	and	I,	Eleanor	had	written	to	Anthony	on	the
ivy-rimmed	 paper,	 and	 that’s	 exactly	 what	 it	 had	 felt	 like	 for	 Sadie,	 too.	 Just	 the	 two	 of
them,	 against	 the	 world.	 That	 was	 when	 the	 whisper	 of	 the	 idea	 had	 first	 crept	 in,	 that
perhaps	she	could	keep	her	baby,	that	maybe	everything	would	be	all	right	so	long	as	they
were	 together.	 It	 made	 no	 practical	 sense:	 she	 was	 sixteen,	 she	 had	 no	 income	 or
prospects,	she	knew	nothing	about	raising	a	child—was	still	one	herself—but	the	longing
was	so	strong	it	knocked	all	sense	out	of	her	for	a	while.	Hormones,	or	so	the	nurses	told
her.

With	a	sigh,	she	picked	up	the	pile	of	mail	from	the	end	of	the	table	and	started	sifting
through,	sorting	bills	from	junk.	She	was	almost	finished	when	she	reached	an	envelope
that	 was	 neither.	 Her	 address	 was	 handwritten,	 the	 writing	 itself	 instantly	 recognizable,
and	for	a	split	second	Sadie	thought	it	must	be	the	same	one	she’d	returned	last	week,	that
the	postman	had	got	it	wrong	and	delivered	it	back	to	her	rather	than	to	the	sender.	Then
she	realized	that	of	course	it	was	a	whole	new	letter,	that	Charlotte	Sutherland	had	written
again.
She	poured	herself	a	fortifying	slug	of	whiskey.
There	was	a	part	of	Sadie	that	didn’t	want	to	open	the	envelope,	but	another	part	was
itching	to	see	what	was	written	on	the	letter	inside.
The	curious	part	won.	It	usually	did.
The	first	half	of	the	message	was	very	similar	to	the	previous	one,	formal	and	polite,
explaining	who	she	was	and	telling	a	little	about	herself,	her	achievements	and	hobbies,
her	 likes	 and	 dislikes,	 but	 when	 Sadie	 reached	 the	 last	 paragraph	 she	 noticed	 that	 the
handwriting	lost	its	composure,	becoming	jagged.	A	couple	of	lines	in	particular	leapt	out:
Please	write	back—I	don’t	want	anything	from	you,	I	just	want	to	know	who	I	am.	I	don’t
recognize	myself,	I	look	in	the	mirror	and	I	don’t	know	who	I	am	anymore.	Please.
Sadie	 dropped	 the	 letter	 as	 if	 it	 burned.	 The	 words	 rang	 with	 truth.	 They	 might	 have
been	her	own,	fifteen	years	ago.	She	remembered	vividly	the	pain	of	feeling	she	no	longer
knew	herself.	Of	looking	in	the	mirror	at	Bertie	and	Ruth’s	house,	the	tight	swelling	of	her
usually	 flat	 belly,	 the	 sensation	 of	 another	 life	 moving	 there.	 Worse,	 though,	 was
afterwards,	her	skin	bearing	marks	from	the	experience	she’d	been	through.	Expecting	to
be	as	she	had	been	before,	and	realizing,	too	late,	that	it	was	impossible	ever	to	go	back.
They	 were	 advised	 at	 the	 hospital	 not	 to	 name	 their	 babies.	 It	 was	 easier	 that	 way,
apparently,	and	everyone	was	very	concerned	that	things	should	be	easy.	Nobody	wanted	a
scene.	They	had	one	every	so	often,	the	nurse	had	confided,	no	matter	how	careful	they
were.	 It	 was	 inevitable,	 she	 continued	 with	 quiet	 wisdom;	 regardless	 of	 how	 good	 a
system	 they	 had	 in	 place,	 there	 were	 always	 some.	 There	 was	 one	 girl,	 dark-haired	 and
Italian-looking,	whose	screams	Sadie	still	heard	sometimes.	I	want	my	baby,	give	me	my
baby.	Running	down	the	white-painted	hallway,	her	gown	gaping	and	her	eyes	wild.
Sadie	hadn’t	shouted.	She’d	barely	spoken.	And	when	Bertie	and	Ruth	came	to	collect
her,	when	it	was	all	over,	she	walked	down	that	hallway	with	her	old	clothes	on	and	her
eyes	on	the	door,	as	if	nothing	had	happened	and	the	whole	episode	could	be	left	behind	in
that	pale-green	room	with	its	crack	in	the	wall,	shaped	like	the	River	Nile.
During	the	course	of	her	work	Sadie	had	dealt	with	young	mothers	and	she	knew	that
agencies	 these	 days	 worked	 with	 the	 mums	 to	 arrange	 adoptions.	 They	 were	 allowed	 to
see	 and	 name	 their	 baby	 after	 the	 birth,	 to	 spend	 time	 with	 them.	 In	 some	 cases,	 it	 was
possible	to	receive	updates	on	their	child’s	progress,	even	to	visit	them.
But	things	had	been	different	back	then.	There	were	more	rules,	different	rules.	As	she
lay	in	the	bed,	her	arm	still	strapped	to	a	monitor	on	the	table	beside	her,	nurses	moving
this	way	and	that	in	the	great	bustle	that	follows	a	baby’s	birth,	she’d	held	a	strange,	warm
bundle	in	her	arms,	of	skinny	limbs	and	a	rounded	belly	and	cheeks	that	felt	like	velvet.

Ninety	minutes.
Sadie	had	held	her	baby	for	ninety	minutes	before	she	was	carried	away,	a	small	shaky
hand	 startling	 over	 the	 top	 of	 the	 yellow-and-white-striped	 blanket	 in	 which	 she	 was
wrapped.	It	was	the	same	miraculous	little	hand	Sadie	had	spent	the	past	hour	and	a	half
stroking	and	cradling,	that	had	closed	tightly	around	her	finger	as	if	to	claim	her,	and	for	a
moment	 a	 void	 opened	 up	 in	 the	 room	 between	 them	 into	 which	 flowed	 all	 the	 things
Sadie	wanted	to	tell	that	baby	girl,	the	things	she	wanted	her	to	know,	about	life	and	love,
the	past	and	the	future,	but	the	nurses	had	a	system	and	before	Sadie	could	think,	let	alone
speak,	the	small	parcel	was	gone.	The	echo	of	her	cry	still	made	Sadie	shiver	sometimes.
The	warmth	of	that	tiny	new	hand	made	her	wake	in	an	ice-cold	sweat.	Even	now,	here	in
her	sitting	room,	she	was	cold,	very	cold.	Sadie	had	broken	only	one	of	the	hospital	rules.
She	had	given	her	daughter	a	name.
The	pints	with	Donald,	the	whiskey	with	Nancy,	the	fug	of	general	maudlin	thoughts	had
left	 her	 spent,	 and	 although	 it	 was	 only	 nine	 thirty,	 Sadie	 must	 have	 dozed,	 for	 the	 next
thing	 she	 knew	 her	 mobile	 phone	 was	 ringing.	 She	 blinked	 in	 the	 dull	 light	 of	 her	 flat,
trying	to	remember	where	she’d	put	the	damn	thing.
The	charger.	Sadie	stumbled	to	answer	it,	shaking	her	mind	clear.	Her	head	was	full	of
babies.	Lost	babies,	adopted	babies,	abandoned	babies.	Maybe	even	a	murdered	baby.
She	 reached	 for	 her	 phone	 and	 saw	 a	 heap	 of	 missed	 calls	 on	 the	 screen,	 all	 from	 a
number	she	didn’t	recognize.	“Hello?”
“DC	Sadie	Sparrow?”
“Speaking.”
“My	name	is	Peter	Obel.	I	work	as	an	assistant	for	the	novelist	A.	C.	Edevane.”
Alice.	Sadie	felt	a	surge	of	adrenaline.	Suddenly,	she	was	very	wide	awake.	“Okay.”
“I’m	sorry	to	call	so	late,	but	it’s	rather	a	delicate	matter	and	I	didn’t	want	to	leave	a
message.”
This	was	the	bit	where	he	threatened	legal	action	if	she	didn’t	leave	his	employer	alone.
“Ms.	Edevane	received	your	letters	regarding	the	disappearance	of	her	brother,	Theo,
and	asked	me	to	call	you.”
“Okay.”
“She’d	 like	 to	 set	 up	 a	 meeting	 to	 talk	 with	 you	 about	 the	 case.	 Does	 midday	 Friday
suit?”

23
Alice’s	first	real	memory	of	her	father	was	of	a	day	spent	at	the	circus.	It	was	a	few	weeks
after	she	turned	four,	and	the	red-and-yellow	tents	had	arrived	like	magic	toadstools	in	a
vacant	field	outside	the	village.	“How	did	they	know	it	was	my	birthday?”	she’d	asked	her
mother,	wide-eyed	with	delight	as	they	passed	the	site.	Excitement	built	over	the	next	few
days,	 posters	 appearing	 on	 walls	 and	 in	 shop	 windows,	 featuring	 clowns,	 lions,	 and,
Alice’s	 favorite,	 a	 girl	 flying	 high	 above	 the	 ground	 on	 a	 glittering	 swing,	 red	 ribbons
streaming	behind	her.
Little	 Clementine	 was	 suffering	 with	 a	 chest	 infection,	 so	 when	 the	 big	 day	 finally
dawned,	 Mother	 stayed	 at	 home	 while	 they	 set	 off	 hand	 in	 hand	 across	 the	 fields.	 Alice
skipped	along	beside	her	father,	the	skirt	of	her	new	dress	bouncing	pleasingly,	trying	to
think	of	things	to	tell	him,	shy	but	filled	with	a	sense	of	her	own	importance.	It	occurred	to
her	now	that	Deborah	must	have	been	there,	too,	but	Alice’s	mind	had	conveniently	erased
her	 sister	 from	 the	 memory.	 Upon	 arrival,	 they	 were	 hit	 with	 the	 smell	 of	 sawdust	 and
manure,	the	sound	of	fairground	music,	children	squealing	and	horses	whinnying.	A	giant
tent	rose	before	them,	its	dark	mouth	wide	and	gaping,	its	pitched	roof	piercing	the	sky,
and	Alice	stopped	where	she	was	to	stare	saucer-eyed	at	the	jagged	yellow	flag	hoisted	up
top,	 flapping	 in	 the	 breeze	 as	 tiny	 starlings	 sailed	 the	 wind	 currents	 above.	 “It’s
whopping,”	she	said,	pleased	with	the	word,	a	new	one	she’d	overheard	Mrs.	Stevenson
using	in	the	kitchen	and	been	longing	to	deploy	ever	since.
A	line	of	people	were	jostling	at	the	entrance,	children	and	adults	chattering	excitedly
as	they	filed	beneath	the	big	top	and	took	their	places	on	the	raked	bench	seating.	Static
tension	was	in	the	air	as	they	waited	for	the	show	to	begin.	The	sun	was	hot	and	the	stench
of	 baking	 canvas	 mingled	 with	 the	 smell	 of	 anticipation,	 until	 finally	 a	 drumroll
pummeled	around	the	circle,	silencing	voices	and	bringing	everybody	to	the	edge	of	their
seats.	 The	 ringmaster	 strutted	 and	 puffed,	 lions	 roared,	 and	 elephants	 carried	 dancing
ladies	 around	 the	 ring.	 Throughout	 it	 all	 Alice	 was	 transfixed,	 her	 attention	 leaving	 the
action	 only	 occasionally	 and	 briefly	 to	 glance	 sideways	 at	 her	 father,	 to	 drink	 in	 his
focused	 frown,	 the	 hollow	 of	 his	 cheek,	 his	 shaved	 jawline.	 He	 was	 still	 a	 novelty,	 the
completing	 puzzle	 piece,	 the	 thing	 they’d	 been	 missing	 in	 the	 war	 years	 without	 even
knowing	 it.	 The	 smell	 of	 shaving	 soap,	 the	 pair	 of	 enormous	 boots	 in	 the	 hall,	 the	 deep
warmth	of	his	whiskery	laugh.
Afterwards	 he	 bought	 a	 bag	 of	 peanuts	 and	 they	 walked	 from	 cage	 to	 cage,	 reaching
through	the	bars,	unfurling	their	palms	to	receive	a	raspy	licking.	There	was	a	man	selling
sweets	from	a	cheery	caravan	and	Alice	pulled	at	her	father’s	arm	until	he	consented.	With
toffee	apples	in	hand,	filled	with	the	warm	and	weary	sense	of	pleasure	spent,	they	headed
for	the	exit,	where	they	came	across	a	man	with	wooden	stumps	for	legs	and	a	piece	of
metal	covering	half	his	face.	Alice	stared,	thinking	him	another	fairground	attraction	like
the	 bearded	 lady	 or	 the	 dwarf	 clown	 with	 his	 top	 hat	 and	 sad	 painted	 face,	 but	 then	 her

father	surprised	her	by	kneeling	beside	the	man	and	speaking	quietly	with	him.	Time	drew
out	 and	 Alice	 became	 bored,	 kicking	 about	 in	 the	 dust	 and	 eating	 her	 apple	 down	 to	 its
tacky	stick.
They	walked	home	along	the	cliffs,	the	sea	crashing	far	below	and	daisies	shifting	in
the	fields,	and	their	father	explained	that	the	man	with	the	metal	mask	had	been	a	soldier
just	like	him;	that	not	everyone	had	been	lucky	enough	to	return	to	a	wonderful	home	like
theirs,	 to	 a	 beautiful	 wife	 and	 children;	 that	 there	 were	 many	 who’d	 left	 a	 part	 of
themselves	in	the	mud	of	France.	“But	not	you,”	Alice	said	boldly,	proud	of	her	father	for
returning	 unscathed,	 for	 retaining	 both	 sides	 of	 his	 handsome	 face.	 Whatever	 Anthony
might	have	said	in	answer	was	lost	when	Alice,	balancing	along	the	tightrope	of	jagged
rocks,	 slipped	 and	 fell,	 tearing	 a	 great	 gash	 in	 her	 knee.	 The	 pain	 was	 immediate	 and
metallic	and	she	cried	hot	spiteful	tears	of	rage	against	the	rock	that	had	leapt	into	her	way
and	tripped	her.	Her	father	mended	her	knee	with	his	handkerchief,	speaking	gentle	words
that	took	her	pain	away,	before	scooping	her	onto	his	back	and	carrying	her	home.
“Your	daddy	knows	how	to	fix	things,”	her	mother	told	her	later,	when	they’d	arrived
back	 with	 their	 sunburned	 faces	 and	 high	 spirits,	 been	 bathed,	 brushed,	 and	 fed	 boiled
eggs	in	the	nursery.	“Before	you	were	born,	he	went	to	a	grand	university	where	only	the
very	 brightest	 people	 in	 England	 can	 go.	 That’s	 where	 he	 was	 learning	 how	 to	 make
people	better.	That’s	where	he	was	learning	how	to	be	a	doctor.”
Alice	 frowned,	 considering	 this	 new	 information	 before	 shaking	 her	 head	 at	 her
mother’s	mistake.	“My	daddy	isn’t	a	doctor,”	she	said.	“He	isn’t	at	all	like	Dr.	Gibbons.”
(Dr.	Gibbons	had	cold	fingers	and	savory	breath.)	“My	daddy’s	a	magician.”
Eleanor	 smiled,	 and	 then	 she	 gathered	 Alice	 onto	 her	 lap	 and	 whispered,	 “Did	 I	 ever
tell	 you	 that	 your	 daddy	 saved	 my	 life?”	 and	 Alice	 settled	 in	 for	 the	 story	 that	 would
become	one	of	her	favorites,	her	mother’s	retelling	so	vivid	that	Alice	could	smell	the	mix
of	 exhaust	 fumes	 and	 manure,	 see	 the	 Marylebone	 street	 bustling	 with	 buses	 and
motorcars	 and	 trams,	 feel	 her	 mother’s	 fear	 as	 she	 glanced	 up	 and	 saw	 the	 Lipton’s	Tea
advertisement	bearing	down	on	her.
“Alice?”
She	blinked.	It	was	Peter,	her	assistant.	He	was	hovering.	“Won’t	be	long	now,”	he	said.
She	glanced	at	her	watch.	“Perhaps.	Though	very	few	people	are	punctual,	Peter.	You
and	I	remain	exceptions.”	She	was	trying	not	to	let	her	nerves	sound	in	her	voice,	but	his
kind	smile	told	her	she	had	failed.
“Is	there	anything	you’d	like	me	to	do,”	he	said,	“when	she’s	here?	I	could	take	notes,
or	make	tea?”
Just	be	here,	she	wanted	to	say,	so	there	are	two	of	us	and	only	one	of	her.	So	I	won’t
feel	so	unsteady.	“Not	that	I	can	think	of,”	she	said	airily.	“If	the	detective’s	still	here	after
fifteen	minutes	you	may	want	to	offer	tea.	It	won’t	take	me	longer	than	that	to	establish
whether	or	not	she’s	a	time	waster.	In	the	meantime,	you	might	as	well	get	on	with	other
things.”
He	took	her	at	her	word	and	left	for	the	kitchen,	where	he’d	been	working	all	morning
on	that	blasted	website.	In	his	absence,	the	room	was	suddenly	thick	again	with	stubborn

memories.	 Alice	 sighed.	 All	 families	 were	 a	 composite	 of	 stories,	 and	 yet	 her	 own,	 it
seemed,	comprised	more	layers	of	tellings	and	retellings	than	most.	There	were	so	many
of	them,	for	one	thing,	and	they	all	liked	to	talk	and	write	and	wonder.	Living	as	they	had
at	Loeanneth,	a	house	rich	with	its	own	history,	it	was	inevitable	that	they’d	constructed
their	lives	as	a	series	of	stories.	But	it	seemed	there’d	been	one	very	important	chapter	that
was	never	told.	A	truth	so	important,	so	central,	that	her	parents	had	made	a	life’s	work	of
keeping	it	secret.	Alice	had	been	wrong	that	day	at	the	circus,	when	she’d	pitied	the	man
with	 the	 stumps	 and	 tin	 face	 as	 she	 skipped	 along	 beside	 her	 father	 and	 gloried	 in	 his
wholeness.	Her	father	had	also	lost	part	of	himself	in	France.
“Mother	told	me	just	after	VE	day,”	Deborah	had	said	on	Tuesday,	as	they	sat	together
in	her	front	room	sipping	tea,	her	inexplicable	mea	culpa	still	hanging	in	the	air	between
them.	“We	were	in	the	midst	of	setting	up	for	the	celebration	party	and	Daddy	was	resting
upstairs.	He	was	very	near	the	end,	and	I	caught	her	in	a	reflective	mood,	I	suppose.	I	said
something	banal	about	it	being	wonderful	that	the	war	had	finally	ended,	that	all	the	young
men	could	come	home	and	get	on	with	their	lives,	and	she	didn’t	answer.	She	was	on	a
stepladder	 pinning	 a	 Union	 Jack	 in	 the	 window	 and	 her	 back	 was	 to	 me.	 I	 thought	 she
mustn’t	have	heard.	It	was	only	as	I	repeated	myself	that	I	saw	her	shoulders	shaking	and
realized	she	was	weeping.	That’s	when	she	told	me	about	Daddy,	about	how	he’d	suffered.
How	they’d	both	suffered	after	the	first	war.”
Alice,	perched	on	the	settee	with	a	fine	bone	china	teacup	in	her	hand,	was	completely
baffled.	By	the	fact	of	her	father’s	shell	shock,	but	more	than	that,	by	Deborah’s	choice	to
disclose	it	now,	on	the	day	they’d	met	to	talk	about	Theo.	She	said,	“There	was	never	any
indication	 he	 suffered	 with	 shock.	 They	 lived	 in	 London	 during	 the	 Blitz,	 for	 goodness’
sake.	I	saw	them	many	times	and	never	once	did	he	cower	from	the	noise.”
“It	wasn’t	like	that,	Mother	said.	His	memory	wasn’t	as	good	as	it	had	been,	and	his
hands	shook	due	to	nerve	gas	exposure—he	wasn’t	able	to	finish	his	training	and	work	as
a	 surgeon,	 which	 made	 him	 very	 depressed.	 But	 the	 real	 problem	 was	 something	 rather
more	specific,	something	that	happened	over	there	for	which	he	couldn’t	forgive	himself.”
“What	was	it?”
“She	 wouldn’t	 say.	 I’m	 not	 entirely	 convinced	 she	 knew,	 and	 he	 refused	 to	 talk	 to
doctors,	but	whatever	it	was	he	did	or	saw	caused	him	nightmares	all	his	life,	and	when	he
was	in	the	grip	of	a	terror	he	wasn’t	himself	anymore.”
“I	don’t	believe	it.	I	never	saw	any	sign.”
“They	 had	 an	 arrangement.	 Mother	 told	 me	 they	 were	 very	 careful	 to	 keep	 it	 hidden
from	us,	from	everyone.	Daddy	was	determined	that	we	shouldn’t	know.	There’d	been	too
much	sacrifice,	he	said,	for	him	to	fail	in	his	role	as	a	father.	I	felt	very	sorry	for	her	when
she	 told	 me;	 I	 glimpsed	 how	 lonely	 she’d	 been.	 I’d	 always	 thought	 of	 them	 as	 selfsufficient,	exclusive	by	choice,	but	it	suddenly	occurred	to	me	that	she’d	withdrawn	as	a
consequence	of	Daddy’s	condition.	Caring	for	someone	ill	is	difficult	enough,	but	keeping
their	 condition	 secret	 means	 cutting	 ties	 with	 friends	 and	 family,	 always	 maintaining
oneself	 at	 a	 remove.	 She	 had	 no	 one	 to	 confide	 in	 all	 that	 time.	 I	 was	 one	 of	 the	 first
people	she’d	told	since	1919.	More	than	twenty-five	years!”

Alice	had	glanced	at	the	ledge	above	Deborah’s	fireplace,	where	there	stood	a	framed
photograph	 of	 her	 parents	 on	 their	 wedding	 day,	 impossibly	 young	 and	 happy.	 The
inviolability	of	Eleanor	and	Anthony’s	marriage	had	been	a	given	in	the	Edevane	family’s
mythology	for	as	long	as	Alice	could	remember.	To	learn	that	the	two	of	them	had	been
keeping	a	secret	all	that	time	was	to	look	at	a	touchstone	and	see	it	suddenly	for	a	fake.
Compounding	the	matter,	and	adding	to	Alice’s	indignation,	was	the	fact	that	Deborah	had
known	for	near	on	sixty	years	while	she,	Alice,	had	been	kept	in	the	dark.	It	was	not	the
way	of	things;	she	was	the	family	sleuth,	the	one	who	knew	things	she	shouldn’t.	Alice	set
her	chin.	“Why	the	secrecy?	Daddy	was	a	war	hero,	there’s	no	shame	in	that.	We	would
have	understood.	We	could	have	helped.”
“I	quite	agree,	but	evidently	she’d	made	him	a	promise	soon	after	he	returned,	and	you
know	 how	 she	 felt	 about	 those.	 There’d	 been	 some	 sort	 of	 incident,	 I	 gather,	 and
afterwards	 she	 promised	 that	 no	 one	 would	 ever	 know.	 He	 never	 had	 to	 worry	 about
frightening	 us,	 she	 simply	 wouldn’t	 allow	 it.	 They	 came	 to	 recognize	 the	 signs	 of	 an
impending	spell,	and	she	made	sure	to	keep	us	from	him	until	it	passed.”
“Promise	or	not,	surely	we’d	have	known.”
“I	 was	 dubious	 too,	 but	 then	 I	 started	 to	 remember	 things.	 Hundreds	 of	 tiny,	 partial
fears	 and	 thoughts	 and	 observations	 came	 back,	 and	 I	 realized	 that	 in	 some	 way	 I	 had
already	known.	I’d	always	known.”
“Well,	I	certainly	didn’t	know	and	I	make	a	habit	of	preparedness.”
“I	know	you	do.	You’re	the	original	preemptive	coper.	But	you	were	younger.”
“Only	by	a	couple	of	years.”
“A	 vital	 couple.	 And	 you	 were	 off	 in	 your	 own	 world	 much	 of	 the	 time,	 whereas	 I
watched	the	adults,	eager	to	join	them	in	the	rarefied	air	up	there.”	Deborah	smiled,	but
the	gesture	was	devoid	of	cheer.	“I	saw	things,	Alice.”
“What	sorts	of	things?”
“Doors	being	quickly	closed	when	I	came	near	them,	raised	voices	that	were	suddenly
silenced,	a	look	on	Mother’s	face,	a	particular	blend	of	concern	and	love	when	Daddy	had
gone	 off	 to	 the	 woods	 and	 she	 was	 waiting	 for	 him	 to	 return.	 All	 those	 hours	 he	 spent
alone	in	his	study	and	Mother’s	insistence	that	we	mustn’t	trouble	him,	those	interminable
trips	into	town	to	collect	parcels.	On	one	occasion	I	sneaked	up	there	and	discovered	the
door	locked.”
Alice	 waved	 a	 dismissive	 hand.	 “He	 wanted	 privacy.	 If	 I	 had	 children,	 I’d	 lock	 my
study	door,	too.”
“It	was	locked	from	the	outside,	Alice.	And	when	I	mentioned	the	fact	to	Mother,	all
those	years	later,	when	she	finally	told	me	about	his	shell	shock,	she	said	it	had	been	at	his
insistence,	that	when	he	felt	a	turn	coming	on,	especially	when	it	felt	like	it	was	going	to
be	a	rage,	there	were	no	lengths	to	which	he	wouldn’t	go	to	spare	us	from	harm.”
“Harm!”	 Alice	 scoffed.	 “Our	 father	 never	 would	 have	 harmed	 us.”	 Not	 only	 was	 the
suggestion	ridiculous,	Alice	was	at	a	loss	as	to	why	her	sister	was	even	raising	it.	They
were	 supposed	 to	 be	 talking	 about	 Theo,	 about	 what	 happened	 to	 him.	 As	 far	 as	 Alice

could	 see,	 her	 father’s	 shell	 shock	 had	 nothing	 to	 do	 with	 Benjamin	 Munro	 and	 the
kidnapping	she’d	scripted	for	him.	She	said	again,	“He	never	would	have	harmed	us.”
“Not	 intentionally,	 no,”	 said	 Deborah.	 “And	 Mother	 was	 very	 clear	 that	 his	 rage	 was
always	directed	at	himself.	But	he	wasn’t	always	in	control.”
Now,	 like	 a	 draft	 through	 the	 window,	 cold	 realization	 came	 to	 Alice.	 They	 were
talking	about	Theo.	“You	think	Daddy	harmed	Theo?”
“More	than	harmed.”
Alice	felt	her	mouth	open	and	a	small	soft	puff	of	air	escape.	Things	previously	implied
became	 clear.	 Deborah	 believed	 their	 father	 had	 killed	 Theo.	 Daddy.	 That	 he’d	 suffered
some	sort	of	shell-shock-induced	traumatic	rage.	That	he’d	accidentally	killed	their	baby
brother.
But	no,	Alice	knew	that	wasn’t	what	had	happened.	It	was	Ben	who’d	taken	Theo.	He’d
followed	 the	 plan	 she’d	 outlined	 in	 her	 manuscript,	 intending	 to	 send	 a	 ransom	 note,	 to
blackmail	her	parents	for	the	money	he	needed	to	help	Flo,	his	friend	in	London	who’d
fallen	on	hard	times.	And	although	that	might	seem	far-fetched,	Alice	wasn’t	relying	on	a
hunch.	She’d	seen	him	in	the	woods	of	Loeanneth	that	night.
The	alternative	Deborah	suggested	was	preposterous.	Daddy	was	the	gentlest	man	she
knew,	the	kindest.	He	could	never	have	done	such	a	thing,	not	even	in	the	grip	of	a	terrible
rage.	The	prospect	was	harrowing.	It	wasn’t	possible.	“I	don’t	believe	it,”	she	said.	“Not
for	a	minute.	If,	for	argument’s	sake,	Daddy	did	as	you	say,	then	what	happened	to	Theo?
To	his	body,	I	mean.”
“I	think	he	was	buried	at	Loeanneth.	Hidden,	perhaps,	until	the	police	were	gone,	and
then	 buried.”	 Despite	 the	 awful	 scenario	 she	 was	 describing,	 Deborah	 sounded
preternaturally	calm,	as	if	she	were	somehow	gathering	strength	from	Alice’s	indignation.
“No,”	Alice	said.	“Violence	aside,	our	father	wasn’t	capable	of	that	sort	of	deception.
He	and	Mother	loved	one	another.	That	was	real.	People	remarked	upon	their	closeness.
No.	 Not	 only	 do	 I	 find	 it	 impossible	 to	 imagine	 Daddy	 capable	 of	 such	 a	 heinous	 act,	 I
can’t	accept	that	he’d	have	kept	that	sort	of	secret	from	Mother.	Burying	Theo,	for	God’s
sake,	while	she	was	going	out	of	her	mind	with	worry	as	to	his	whereabouts.”
“That’s	not	what	I	said.”
“Then—?”
“I’ve	 thought	 about	 it,	 Alice.	 I’ve	 thought	 about	 it	 until	 I	 fear	 it	 will	 drive	 me	 mad.
Remember	the	way	they	were	afterwards?	Tremendously	close	at	first,	so	that	you	never
saw	one	without	the	other,	but	by	the	time	we	left	Loeanneth	and	went	back	to	London,
that	strange	distance	had	settled	between	them.	Not	so	that	anyone	who	didn’t	know	them
would	 notice,	 just	 a	 subtle	 shift.	 It	 was	 almost	 like	 they	 were	 play-acting,	 being	 very
careful	with	each	other.	Still	outwardly	loving	in	their	conversation	and	behavior,	but	with
a	new	stiffness,	as	if	they	were	working	very	hard	to	do	something	that	was	once	natural.
And	the	way	I	saw	her	looking	at	him	sometimes:	concern,	affection,	but	something	else,
too,	something	darker.	I	think	she	knew	what	he’d	done	and	covered	for	him.”
“But	why	would	she	have	done	such	a	thing?”

“Because	she	loved	him.	And	because	she	owed	it	to	him.”
Alice	racked	her	brain,	struggling,	again,	to	grasp	the	connection.	It	was	an	unfamiliar
experience.	 She	 didn’t	 like	 it.	 She	 felt	 cast	 back	 into	 the	 role	 of	 little	 sister,	 for	 the	 first
time	in	decades.	“Because	of	the	way	they	met?	Mother’s	idea	that	he	saved	her	life	on	the
day	of	the	tigers,	and	that	he’d	then	saved	Loeanneth	for	her?”
“That,	yes,	but	there	was	something	else.	It’s	what	I’ve	been	trying	to	tell	you,	Alice.
It’s	all	to	do	with	what	Clemmie	saw	through	the	boathouse	window.”
Heat	was	instant.	Alice	stood	up,	fanning	herself.
“Alice?”
They	were	going	to	talk	about	Benjamin	Munro	after	all.	The	memory	came	flooding
back	to	Alice,	the	way	she	offered	herself	up	to	him	that	afternoon	in	the	boathouse,	only
to	be	rejected,	so	kindly,	so	gently,	that	she’d	wanted	to	crawl	into	a	dark	hole	and	lie	there
until	she	turned	to	soil	and	could	no	longer	feel	the	agony	and	shame	of	having	been	so
stupid,	 so	 unlovable,	 such	 a	 child.	 You’re	 a	 great	 kid,	 Alice,	 he’d	 said.	 I’ve	 never	 met
anyone	with	a	mind	as	clever	as	yours.	You’re	going	to	grow	up	and	go	places	and	meet
people	and	you	won’t	even	remember	me.
“Are	you	all	right?”	Deborah’s	face	was	full	of	concern.
“Yes.	Yes,	sorry,	I	just	had	a	sudden	.	.	.”	There’s	someone	else,	isn’t	there?	she’d	spat	at
him,	as	all	the	great	wronged	romantic	heroines	must.	She	hadn’t	believed	it	for	a	minute,
it	 had	 just	 been	 something	 to	 say,	 but	 then	 he	 didn’t	 answer,	 and	 his	 face	 filled	 with
sympathy,	and	she’d	realized	suddenly	she	was	right.	“A	sudden	.	.	.”
“It’s	a	lot	to	take	in.”
“Yes.”	Alice	sat	down	again	on	Deborah’s	linen	settee	and	an	expression	came	to	her,
something	she’d	heard	one	woman	say	to	another	on	the	Tube	and	jotted	down	for	use	in	a
novel:	I	told	myself	to	put	on	my	big-girl	pants	and	get	on	with	doing	what	had	to	be	done.
Alice	 was	 tired	 of	 obfuscating.	 It	 was	 high	 time	 she	 put	 on	 her	 big-girl	 pants	 and
confronted	the	past.	“You	were	talking	about	Clemmie,”	she	said.	“I	gather	she	told	you
what	she	saw	through	the	boathouse	window.”
“Yes,	 and	 it’s	 the	 reason	 I’ll	 never	 be	 able	 to	 forgive	 myself,”	 Deborah	 said.	 “I	 told
Daddy,	you	see.	I’m	the	one	who	tipped	him	into	a	rage	that	day.”
Alice	frowned.	“I	really	can’t	see	how	the	two	things	relate?”
“You	know	what	Clemmie	saw?”
“Of	course	I	do.”
“Then	you	know	how	confusing	it	must	have	been	for	her.	She	came	straight	to	see	me
and	I	told	her	I’d	take	care	of	it.	Telling	Daddy	was	the	furthest	thing	from	my	mind	at	the
time,	but	in	the	end	I	felt	so	sorry	for	him	and	so	mad	with	her.	I	was	naïve	and	foolish.	I
should	have	kept	my	mouth	shut.”
Alice	was	utterly	confused.	Him,	her,	mad	with	whom?	Clemmie?	How	on	earth	had
what	happened	between	Alice	and	Ben	in	the	boathouse	enraged	their	father	enough	for
Deborah	 to	 believe	 him	 capable	 of	 causing	 harm	 to	 Theo	 of	 all	 people!	 With	 an

exasperated	 sigh,	 Alice	 held	 up	 her	 palms.	 “Deborah,	 stop,	 please.	 It’s	 been	 a	 very	 long
day	and	my	head	is	spinning.”
“Yes,	of	course,	poor	dear.	Would	you	like	another	tea?”
“No,	I	would	not	like	another	tea.	I’d	like	you	to	backtrack	a	little,	and	tell	me	exactly
what	it	was	Clemmie	saw.”
And	 so	 Deborah	 had	 told	 her,	 and	 when	 she’d	 finished	 Alice	 had	 wanted	 to	 get	 up	 and
leave	that	lovely	morning	room,	to	be	alone,	to	sit	very	quietly	in	a	place	where	no	one
could	bother	her	and	she	could	concentrate.	Call	to	memory	every	meeting	she’d	had	with
him,	 every	 conversation,	 every	 smile	 they’d	 exchanged.	 She	 needed	 to	 understand	 how
she’d	been	so	blind.	Because	it	turned	out	she’d	been	wrong	all	this	time.	Clemmie	hadn’t
seen	 Alice	 through	 the	 window,	 and	 Deborah	 knew	 nothing	 of	 Alice’s	 crush	 on	 Ben
Munro.	She	certainly	hadn’t	suspected	Alice	of	aiding	him	to	kidnap	Theo.	She’d	had	her
own	personal	reason	for	remembering	the	gardener’s	name	after	all	this	time.
Alice	hadn’t	stayed	much	longer.	She’d	pleaded	weariness	and	promised	Deborah	they
would	meet	again	soon,	and	then	she’d	left.	On	the	Tube	she’d	sat	motionless,	a	slew	of
emotions	fighting	for	supremacy	as	she	sifted	through	the	new	information.
She	 couldn’t	 believe	 what	 a	 self-involved	 little	 fool	 she’d	 been.	 Such	 a	 desperate,
longing	child,	so	caught	up	in	her	own	world	she	hadn’t	seen	what	was	really	going	on.
Clemmie	had	known,	though,	and	she’d	tried	to	tell	Alice	that	dark	night	during	the	Blitz,
but	even	then,	almost	ten	years	later,	when	they	were	grown	women	and	war	had	revealed
to	them	the	world’s	ills,	Alice	had	been	too	stupid	to	listen.	Too	wrapped	up	in	her	own
misguided	view.	Worried	that	Clemmie	had	seen	her	with	Ben	and	could	therefore	link	her
to	a	kidnapper.	But	Clemmie	hadn’t	seen	Alice	and	Ben	together.	Alice	had	been	wrong
about	that.	Was	it	possible	she’d	been	wrong	about	what	happened	to	Theo,	too?
Alice	 stayed	 on	 the	 Tube	 all	 afternoon,	 barely	 aware	 of	 the	 other	 passengers.	 She’d
believed	 her	 own	 version	 of	 events	 for	 such	 a	 long	 time,	 but	 Deborah’s	 revelation	 had
brought	small,	niggling	queries	to	the	surface.	She’d	always	taken	the	lack	of	ransom	note
to	 mean	 that	 something	 had	 gone	 wrong	 during	 the	 kidnapping.	 But	 now,	 seen	 from
outside	the	swelter	of	her	guilt,	it	seemed	a	long	bow	to	draw,	a	presumption	with	scant
evidence	to	back	it	up.	It	seemed	an	idea	out	of	fiction,	and	bad	fiction	at	that.
Her	certainty	that	she’d	glimpsed	Ben	in	the	woods	that	night—a	sighting	upon	which
she’d	based	her	entire	conviction—now	seemed	like	the	wishful	thinking	of	an	excitable
young	girl	who’d	wanted	nothing	more	than	to	see	him	again.	It	had	been	dark,	she’d	been
at	some	distance,	there’d	been	three	hundred	strangers	at	Loeanneth	for	the	Midsummer
party.	It	could	have	been	anyone.	It	might	have	been	no	one.	The	woods	could	be	sly	like
that,	 casting	 shadows,	 playing	 tricks	 on	 a	 person.	 Would	 that	 she’d	 never	 gone	 there.	 A
number	of	things	might	have	turned	out	differently	had	she	waited	for	Mr.	Llewellyn	as
she’d	promised.	Not	least,	her	old	friend	might	have	lived.	(Now,	there	was	a	thought	she
tried	ordinarily	to	keep	at	bay.	Her	failure	to	meet	him	as	arranged,	the	“important”	thing
he’d	wanted	to	discuss	with	her,	the	poor	old	man	lying	down	by	the	stream	to	die.	Would
she	have	been	able	to	save	him	if	she’d	gone	looking,	instead	of	heading	into	the	woods?)

The	admission	of	doubts	was	like	the	lighting	of	a	match.	The	whole	idea	now	seemed
an	 extraordinary	 folly:	 a	 gardener	 whose	 friend	 needs	 money	 kidnaps	 the	 child	 of	 his
employer	 on	 the	 night	 of	 a	 huge	 party,	 intending	 to	 extract	 a	 ransom.	 He	 uses	 a	 secret
tunnel	and	a	bottle	of	sleeping	pills,	executing	the	exact	plan	outlined	for	him	by	a	sixteenyear-old	girl	with	a	bent	for	fiction.	.	.	.	It	was	laughable.	Ben	wasn’t	a	kidnapper.	Alice
had	 allowed	 her	 guilt	 to	 blind	 her.	 Teenage	 convictions	 had	 set	 like	 concrete,	 and	 no
amount	of	adult	reasoning	had	been	able	to	shift	them.	But,	then,	she	hadn’t	tried	to	shift
them.	She’d	gone	out	of	her	way	to	avoid	thinking	about	them	at	all.
Deborah’s	version	of	events,	by	comparison,	though	unpalatable,	had	a	clarity	to	it	that
Alice’s	 did	 not.	 There	 was	 a	 logic	 and	 simplicity	 underlying	 the	 sequence	 of	 events,	 an
inevitability	 even.	 Theo	 had	 never	 left	 Loeanneth.	 That’s	 why	 the	 police	 had	 found	 no
trace	of	him	out	there	in	the	world.	He’d	met	his	end	at	home,	at	the	hands	of	someone	he
loved	and	trusted.	Yet	another	casualty	of	the	Great	War	and	its	enduring	horrors.
The	knowledge	was	an	old	death	made	new,	and	there	on	the	Tube,	hiding	behind	her
dark	sunglasses,	Alice	had	felt	tears	pricking	her	eyes.	Tears	for	her	baby	brother,	but	also
for	 her	 father,	 a	 good	 man	 guilty	 of	 the	 most	 heinous	 deed.	 Life	 in	 that	 moment	 had
seemed	impossibly	cruel	and	cold,	and	she’d	suddenly	felt	very	tired.	Alice	didn’t	believe
in	God,	but	she’d	thanked	him	all	the	same	that	Clemmie	had	died	none	the	wiser.	That
she’d	died	believing	her	fairy-tale	fiction	about	the	childless	couple	and	Theo’s	happy	new
life.
Embarrassment	and	remorse,	horror	and	grief,	and	yet	still	another	emotion	had	been
playing	 at	 the	 edges	 of	 her	 experience	 when	 she	 finally	 made	 her	 way	 home	 that	 day,	 a
lighter	 one	 whose	 tail	 she’d	 struggled	 to	 grasp.	 It	 wasn’t	 until	 early	 evening,	 when	 she
walked	out	of	Hampstead	Station,	that	Alice	realized	it	was	relief.	That	all	this	time	she’d
blamed	 herself	 for	 telling	 Ben	 about	 the	 tunnel,	 but	 after	 seventy	 years,	 Deborah’s
revelation—the	possibility	it	allowed	that	a	different	version	of	events	occurred	that	night
—had	freed	her	in	some	way.
It	wasn’t	relief	that	had	made	her	decide	to	have	Peter	contact	Sadie	Sparrow,	though:	it
was	curiosity.	Once	upon	a	time,	Alice	would	have	laughed	had	somebody	suggested	she
trust	a	stranger	with	the	most	intimate	details	of	her	family’s	history.	Pride	and	a	craving
for	privacy	would	have	prevented	it.	But	now	Alice	was	old.	Time	was	running	out.	And
since	 hearing	 Deborah’s	 story,	 lying	 awake	 at	 night	 as	 her	 mind	 went	 through	 every
permutation,	as	one	realization	led	to	another	and	the	accepted	facts	of	her	life	shifted	like
the	gems	in	a	kaleidoscope	to	form	new	pictures,	Alice	had	to	know	the	truth.
Years	of	plotting	novels	had	trained	her	mind	to	sift	through	information	and	make	of	it
a	narrative,	and	it	hadn’t	taken	long	to	arrange	the	facts	into	linear	form.	But	there	were
gaps,	including	the	small	matter	of	proof,	and	Alice	wanted	to	fill	them.	She	needed	the
full	 picture.	 She’d	 have	 carried	 out	 the	 necessary	 investigations	 herself,	 but	 there	 was	 a
time	and	place	to	admit	impediments,	and	at	the	age	of	eighty-six,	Alice	had	to	concede
certain	physical	limitations.	At	the	risk	of	sounding	too	much	like	her	mother,	the	arrival
of	a	professional	investigator,	keen	to	get	to	the	bottom	of	things	right	when	Alice	needed
her,	seemed	somehow	serendipitous.	Besides,	after	the	character	research	Alice	had	done
since	 Tuesday,	 calling	 in	 favors	 from	 every	 contact	 she	 had	 within	 CID,	 Sadie	 Sparrow
was	no	longer	a	stranger.

Alice	 took	 out	 her	 dossier	 and	 perused	 the	 notes,	 her	 glance	 lingering	 on	 the
information	she’d	gathered	about	DC	Sparrow’s	recent	investigative	work.	By	all	accounts
the	 woman	 was	 an	 excellent	 detective,	 described	 variously	 as	 passionate,	 dogged,	 and
downright	pig-headed;	it	hadn’t	been	easy	to	find	anything	even	remotely	grubby	in	her
records.	 Even	 Derek	 Maitland	 had	 been	 reluctant	 to	 speak	 against	 her	 integrity	 and	 that
really	 was	 saying	 something,	 but	 Alice	 could	 be	 very	 convincing.	 She’d	 followed	 the
Bailey	case	in	the	press;	Alice	was	always	interested	in	a	disappearing-person	story.	She’d
seen	the	case	declared	closed,	police	confident	that	the	little	girl’s	mother	had	abandoned
her,	and	she’d	seen	the	subsequent	article	claiming	a	cover-up.	She’d	known	someone	in
CID	must	have	been	talking,	and	now	she	knew	who.	It	always	paid	to	have	a	safeguard,
and	although	Alice	flinched	at	the	very	idea	(the	sordidness	of	blackmail,	for	really	there
was	no	dressing	it	up),	with	Derek	Maitland’s	ace	up	her	sleeve,	she	felt	sure	she’d	be	able
to	trust	Detective	Sparrow	to	be	discreet	with	the	Edevane	legacy.
She	closed	her	file	and	glanced	at	the	clock.	The	minute	hand	was	almost	at	the	twelve,
which	meant	in	a	matter	of	seconds	Sadie	Sparrow	would	be	late	and	Alice	would	be	able
to	derive	a	petty	but	no	less	enjoyable	sense	of	advantage.	She	would	have	the	upper	hand
and	all	would	be	right	with	the	world.	She	realized	she	was	holding	her	breath	and	shook
her	head,	amused	at	her	own	brief	lapse	into	superstition.	What	a	goose.	Behaving	as	if	the
success	of	the	meeting,	the	entire	favorable	resolution	of	her	family’s	mystery,	depended
on	her	guest’s	tardy	arrival.	Alice	composed	herself,	picked	up	the	newspaper	crossword
she’d	been	trying	to	finish	since	breakfast,	and	watched	impassively	as	the	second	hand
ticked	 neatly	 towards	 the	 twelve.	 The	 minute	 hand	 prepared	 itself	 to	 leap,	 and	 when	 a
knock	came	at	the	door,	despite	her	best	intentions,	Alice’s	heart	did	the	same.

24
Sadie	 stood	 on	 the	 front	 steps,	 catching	 her	 breath.	 She’d	 run	 all	 the	 way	 from	 the	 bus
stop,	which	wasn’t	easy	in	the	dress	shoes	she’d	extricated	from	the	back	of	her	closet	at
the	 last	 minute.	 They	 were	 dusty	 and	 musty	 and,	 as	 it	 turned	 out,	 the	 heel	 of	 one	 was
hanging	 on	 by	 a	 single	 strip	 of	 glue.	 She	 bent	 down	 and	 swiped	 away	 a	 patch	 of	 scuff
she’d	 missed	 earlier.	 Her	 feet	 looked	 like	 someone	 else’s,	 someone	 she	 wasn’t	 sure	 she
liked,	but	A.	C.	Edevane	was	a	snappy	dresser,	and	Sadie	had	no	intention	of	offending	the
old	woman’s	sensibilities	by	presenting	her	usual	sorry	self	on	the	doorstep.	Neither	had
she	had	any	intention	of	being	late,	no	matter	the	trouble	she’d	had	running	in	precarious
heels.	A.	C.	Edevane	was	persnickety	about	punctuality.	She’d	once	refused	to	complete
an	interview	with	a	tardy	journalist,	and	had	famously	taken	a	BBC	show	host	to	task	on
air	when	he’d	kept	her	waiting.	Sadie	knew	this	because	she’d	spent	the	better	part	of	the
last	two	and	a	half	days	in	an	electric	swotting	haze,	watching	old	interviews	and	reading
everything	she	could	on	A.	C.	Edevane.	(It	had	been	a	surprisingly	enjoyable	task—there
was	something	strangely	compelling	about	Alice	Edevane—made	all	the	more	agreeable
for	having	distracted	Sadie	from	the	arrival	of	Charlotte	Sutherland’s	second	letter.)	She
also	knew	the	author	preferred	shrubs	to	flowers	and	noted	with	a	nod	of	satisfaction	the
pots	of	boxwood	on	the	windowsills	of	the	house.	So	far	so	good.	Sadie	was	pleased	to
feel	 a	 fresh	 wave	 of	 confidence	 wash	 over	 her	 as	 she	 straightened	 her	 sleeve	 cuffs.	 She
was	going	to	run	this	interview	to	script,	and	she	was	not	leaving	without	the	information
she	needed.
Sadie	lifted	her	hand	to	knock	again,	but	before	she	could	make	contact	with	the	door,
it	 swung	 open.	 It	 wasn’t	 Alice	 Edevane	 standing	 on	 the	 other	 side,	 but	 a	 man	 of	 about
thirty	 with	 long	 legs	 and	 a	 scrappy	 beard.	 He	 looked	 like	 an	 extra	 in	 a	 film	 about	 the
Rolling	 Stones.	 Sadie	 felt	 a	 surprising	 and	 not	 entirely	 unwelcome	 frisson	 of	 attraction.
“Peter?”	she	guessed.
“DC	Sparrow.”	He	smiled.	“Come	on	in,	Alice	is	expecting	you.”
The	floorboards	creaked	as	they	walked	and	a	clock	somewhere	was	ticking	time	away.
Peter	led	her	to	a	sitting	room	off	the	hall,	overly	furnished,	elegant,	with	a	resoundingly
masculine	feel.
A	woman	Sadie	recognized	immediately	from	her	publicity	photos,	as	Alice	Edevane
was	sitting	in	a	chair	by	the	empty	fireplace.	As	is	often	the	case	when	one	meets	a	very
famous	person	in	real	life,	Sadie	experienced	an	overwhelming	sense	of	familiarity.	Not	a
wafty	 feeling	 of	 déjà	 vu,	 but	 an	 honest-to-goodness	 impression	 of	 already	 knowing	 the
other	 woman.	 The	 way	 her	 trouser-clad	 legs	 were	 crossed	 and	 folded	 to	 one	 side,	 her
casual	grip	on	the	newspaper,	even	the	jut	of	her	chin	were	somehow	known.	Though	of
course	 she	 wasn’t	 known	 at	 all,	 not	 beyond	 the	 copious	 interviews	 Sadie	 had	 been
bingeing	on.	A	line	came	to	her—There	is	nothing	so	tiresome	as	a	person	who	mistakes

recognition	 for	 friendship—and	 Sadie	 blushed,	 realizing	 it	 was	 from	 the	 Diggory	 Brent
she’d	read	the	week	before.
“Alice,”	said	Peter,	“DC	Sparrow	is	here	to	see	you.”	He	turned	to	Sadie	and	gestured
kindly	towards	a	green	leather	armchair	with	button	studs.	“I’ll	leave	you	to	it.	I’m	only	in
the	kitchen	if	you	need	me.”
The	clock	on	the	mantelpiece	grew	immediately	louder	in	his	absence	and	Sadie	felt	a
burning	 urge	 to	 say	 something.	 She	 bit	 her	 tongue,	 remembering	 a	 disdainful	 comment
Alice	had	made	in	an	interview	about	the	inability	of	people	these	days	to	weather	silence.
Sadie	 was	 determined	 not	 to	 let	 the	 other	 woman	 catch	 even	 the	 merest	 whiff	 of
trepidation;	to	do	so,	she	suspected,	would	be	calamitous.
Alice	was	watching	her.	Small,	keen	eyes	that	seemed	unusually	bright	in	an	otherwise
faded	face.	They	were	the	sort	of	eyes,	Sadie	was	suddenly	sure,	that	could	see	inside	a
person’s	soul.	After	a	few	seconds	that	felt	much	longer,	the	old	woman	spoke.	Her	voice
was	that	of	a	theater	actress,	her	elocution	from	another	time.	“So,	”	she	said.	“At	last	we
meet,	DC	Sparrow.”
“Please,	call	me	Sadie.	I’m	not	working	in	an	official	capacity.”
“No,	I	should	say	you’re	not.”
Sadie	pulled	up	short.	It	wasn’t	the	words	themselves—they	were	simple	agreement—
but	the	way	Alice	said	them.	Those	eyes	that	knew	things.
“I’ve	 made	 inquiries	 about	 you,	 Detective	 Sparrow.	 I’m	 sure	 you’d	 agree	 it	 was	 the
prudent	 thing	 to	 do.	 You	 wrote	 requesting	 permission	 to	 enter	 my	 family	 home,	 to	 rifle
through	our	archives,	no	doubt,	and	you	expressed	a	special	desire	to	discuss	my	brother’s
disappearance.	 I’m	 a	 very	 private	 person,	 as	 you	 may	 have	 gathered,	 despite	 my
occupation;	I	wouldn’t	agree	to	talk	about	my	family	with	just	anyone.	I	needed	to	know
that	 I	 could	 trust	 you,	 and	 that	 meant	 doing	 a	 little	 bit	 of	 research	 of	 my	 own	 to	 gain	 a
better	picture	of	who	you	are.”
Sadie	fought	to	hide	dread	beneath	a	calm	smile,	wondering	what	the	hell	that	picture
looked	like.
Alice	continued,	“I	know	about	the	Bailey	case.	In	particular,	I	know	about	your	offthe-record	chat	with	the	journalist	Derek	Maitland.”
Sadie	felt	the	blood	drain	from	her	head	to	her	fingertips,	where	it	proceeded	to	pulse
as	though	it	hadn’t	gone	far	enough.	Alice	knew	she	was	the	leak.	The	words	were	neon
and	 for	 a	 moment	 their	 hot	 panicky	 glow	 prevented	 any	 other	 thoughts	 from	 forming.
Slowly,	though,	reason	returned.	Alice	knew	she	was	the	leak	and	still	she	had	invited	her
here.
“I’m	 intrigued,	 DC	 Sparrow,	 as	 to	 what	 made	 you	 so	 certain	 your	 missing	 woman,
Maggie	Bailey,	met	with	foul	play	when,	from	what	I	can	tell,	there	was	no	evidence	to
suggest	such	a	scenario.”
Sadie	had	not	expected	to	be	talking	about	the	Bailey	case	today,	but	there	was	a	reason
the	other	woman	had	brought	it	up.	Alice	could	have	reported	Sadie	to	her	superiors	and
refused	 to	 have	 anything	 else	 to	 do	 with	 her.	 Instead,	 she’d	 invited	 her	 into	 her	 home.

Sadie	could	only	surmise	that	Alice	was	trying	to	get	beneath	her	skin.	She	knew	this	play.
Interview	 gamesmanship	 was	 one	 of	 Sadie’s	 favorite	 sports.	 She	 experienced	 a	 surge	 of
collegial	respect	for	the	old	woman.	“It’s	not	an	easy	thing	to	explain.”
Disappointment	 brought	 a	 sag	 to	 Alice’s	 cheeks.	 The	 answer	 was	 weak	 and	 dull	 and
Sadie	knew	she	had	to	do	better.	She	continued	quickly,	“To	begin	with,	there	was	the	way
the	 flat	 looked,	 the	 small	 details	 that	 showed	 thought,	 if	 not	 money,	 had	 gone	 into	 the
interior	 decoration:	 the	 piano	 that	 had	 been	 painted	 a	 bright	 sunny	 yellow,	 the	 wall
devoted	 to	 pictures	 the	 little	 girl	 had	 drawn,	 her	 name	 printed	 proudly	 in	 the	 corner.	 I
found	 it	 difficult	 to	 believe	 that	 a	 woman	 responsible	 for	 those	 showings	 of	 love	 would
abandon	her	child.	It	didn’t	sit	right	with	me,	and	when	we	started	talking	to	the	people
who	knew	her,	they	agreed.”
“Which	people?”
“Her	mother,	for	one.”
Alice’s	eyebrows	arched.	“But	DC	Sparrow,	surely	a	mother	is	always	going	to	support
her	child	in	a	situation	like	this.	Did	you	interview	others	who	knew	her?	There	was	an	exhusband,	wasn’t	there?	Did	he	give	you	the	same	impression?”
“His	character	reference	wasn’t	so	glowing.”
“Wasn’t	it?”
“No,	 but	 surely	 an	 ex-husband	 is	 always	 going	 to	 be	 less	 than	 effusive	 in	 a	 situation
like	this.”
Alice	 allowed	 a	 fleeting	 smile,	 faintly	 amused,	 to	 cross	 her	 lips.	 She	 leaned	 back
further	 into	 her	 chair	 and	 regarded	 Sadie	 over	 her	 steepled	 fingers.	 “People	 can	 be
unreliable,	 can’t	 they?	 Even	 the	 most	 conscientious	 witness,	 eager	 to	 please	 and	 with
nothing	 to	 gain,	 is	 liable	 to	 make	 mistakes,	 littering	 their	 testimony	 with	 small
misrecollections,	assumptions,	and	opinions	rather	than	facts.”
Sadie’s	mind	went	to	Clive’s	account	of	Alice	as	a	reluctant	interview	subject	in	1933.
The	 way	 she’d	 lurked	 in	 the	 corridor	 outside	 the	 library,	 his	 sense	 that	 she	 was	 either
hiding	something	or	anxious	to	hear	what	the	other	interviewees	said.
“We	 are	 all	 victims	 of	 our	 human	 experience,”	 Alice	 continued,	 “apt	 to	 view	 the
present	through	the	lens	of	our	own	past.”
Sadie	 had	 the	 distinct	 impression	 they	 were	 no	 longer	 speaking	 generally.	 Alice	 had
fixed	her	again	with	that	birdlike	stare.	“That’s	true,”	she	said.
“I’m	curious,	DC	Sparrow;	leaving	aside	witness	statements	for	a	moment,	was	there
any	actual	evidence	to	support	your	feeling	that	something	untoward	had	happened	to	the
young	mother?”
“No,”	 Sadie	 conceded.	 “In	 fact,	 there	 was	 a	 letter,	 signed	 by	 Maggie,	 supporting	 the
theory	that	she’d	walked	out.”
“I	remember	from	the	newspaper	reports.	You	found	the	letter	a	week	after	you	found
the	child.”

“Yes,	 by	 which	 time	 we’d	 gone	 a	 fair	 way	 down	 the	 path	 of	 investigating	 other
possibilities.	It	had	fallen	somehow	and	become	lodged	down	the	side	of	the	fridge.”
“But	even	after	it	was	found,	you	didn’t	accept	that	Maggie	Bailey	had	simply	left.”
“I	had	difficulty	letting	go	of	my	theory.”
“So	much	so	that	you	went	outside	the	Met	and	spoke	to	the	press.”
Sadie	met	Alice’s	gaze.	Denial	was	not	an	option;	Alice	wasn’t	a	fool.	Besides,	Sadie
didn’t	 want	 to	 deny	 it.	 The	 old	 woman	 had	 the	 information	 necessary	 to	 ruin	 her	 career
and	the	fact	was	unexpectedly	liberating.	In	the	time	since	she’d	taken	leave,	there’d	been
very	few	people	Sadie	could	talk	to	honestly	about	the	Bailey	case.	Donald	refused	to	hear
a	 word,	 Sadie	 had	 needed	 to	 maintain	 some	 professional	 standing	 with	 Clive,	 and	 she
hadn’t	 wanted	 to	 disappoint	 Bertie	 with	 the	 truth.	 But	 now,	 suddenly,	 she	 could	 speak
freely.	There	was	nothing	to	lose:	Alice	already	knew	the	worst.	“I	saw	no	other	way	to
keep	 Maggie’s	 fate	 in	 the	 public	 eye.	 The	 Met	 had	 moved	 on—there’s	 not	 a	 lot	 of
sympathy	 for	 officers	 intent	 on	 spending	 taxpayers’	 money	 on	 cases	 without	 a	 shred	 of
real	 evidence—but	 I	 couldn’t	 stand	 to	 think	 something	 had	happened	to	her	and	no	one
was	prepared	to	keep	looking.”
“You’ll	lose	your	job	if	they	find	out	it	was	you.”
“I	know.”
“Do	you	enjoy	your	job?”
“Wholeheartedly.”
“Yet	you	still	did	it.”
“I	had	to.”
“Are	you	a	reckless	person,	DC	Sparrow?”
Sadie	considered	the	question.	“I	hope	not.	I	certainly	didn’t	approach	Derek	Maitland
hastily.	And	I’d	like	to	think	I	was	being	responsible	to	Maggie,	rather	than	irresponsible
to	 my	 job.”	 She	 exhaled	 decisively.	 “No,	 I’m	 not	 a	 reckless	 person.	 I’m	 conscientious.
Maybe	with	a	dash	of	headstrong.”
As	 she	 was	 offering	 up	 her	 own	 psychological	 profile,	 Peter	 had	 arrived	 back	 in	 the
room.	 Sadie	 glanced	 at	 him	 expectantly,	 wondering	 whether	 she’d	 somehow	 triggered	 a
hidden	removal	button	so	that	he	was	here	to	see	her	to	the	door.	He	didn’t	say	anything,
but	looked	queryingly	at	Alice.	She	nodded	once,	efficiently,	and	said,	“I	think	we’d	like
some	tea,	thank	you,	Peter.”
He	seemed	inordinately	pleased.	“Oh,	brilliant	news.	I’m	so	glad.”	He	flashed	Sadie	the
warmest	 of	 smiles	 as	 he	 went,	 leaving	 her	 touched,	 though	 unsure	 what	 she’d	 done	 to
deserve	it.	Yes,	she	was	definitely	attracted	to	him.	Strange,	because	he	wasn’t	at	all	her
type.	He	intrigued	her,	with	his	long,	shaggy	hair	and	old-fashioned	manners.	He	couldn’t
be	much	older	than	she	was,	and	he	was	charming	in	a	bookish	sort	of	way.	How	had	he
ended	up	here,	working	as	a	modern-day	Lurch?
“He’s	a	doctor—literature	not	medicine,”	said	Alice	Edevane,	reading	her	mind.	“And
quite	the	best	assistant	I’ve	ever	had.”

Sadie	realized	she’d	been	staring	and	glanced	away,	her	gaze	falling	to	her	knee,	where
she	flicked	avidly	at	an	invisible	piece	of	lint.
“Have	you	read	any	of	my	books,	DC	Sparrow?”
Sadie	gave	her	trousers	a	final	brush.	“One.”
“Then	you’ve	met	Diggory	Brent.”
“I	have.”
“You	might	not	realize	that	he	became	a	private	investigator	after	being	kicked	off	the
force	for	something	very	similar	to	your	own	recent	misdemeanor.”
“I	did	not	realize	that.”
“No,	 well,	 once	 upon	 a	 time,	 authors	 were	 expected	 to	 provide	 a	 little	 background
summary	in	the	beginning	of	each	new	book	when	one	wrote	a	series,	but	the	publishers
stopped	 insisting,	 and	 after	 so	 many	 books	 I	 was	 pleased	 to	 let	 the	 habit	 go.	 There	 are
limited	ways	to	say	the	same	thing	over	and	over	again,	and	I’m	afraid	it	had	become	a
rather	tedious	task.”
“I	can	imagine.”
“Diggory	 was	 not	 a	 natural	 fit	 in	 CID.	 A	 very	 driven	 man,	 but	 one	 who’d	 suffered
dreadful	privations	in	his	personal	life.	He	lost	his	wife	and	young	child,	you	see,	losses
that	gave	him	a	tenacity	that	was	not	always	appreciated	by	his	peers,	to	say	nothing	of	his
superiors.	 Losing	 a	 child	 does	 tend	 to	 create	 a	 gnawing	 absence	 in	 a	 person,	 I’ve
observed.”
Not	for	the	first	time,	Sadie	had	the	uncanny	sense	that	the	other	woman	knew	more
about	 her	 past	 than	 she	 had	 any	 reason	 to	 know.	 She	 smiled	 noncommittally	 as	 Alice
Edevane	continued.
“Diggory	was	far	better	suited	to	an	investigative	life	outside	the	strictures	of	the	law.
Not	 that	 he’s	 an	 unlawful	 man,	 quite	 the	 contrary;	 he’s	 a	 man	 of	 honor,	 extremely
conscientious.	Conscientious	with	a—how	did	you	put	it?—a	dash	of	headstrong.”
Peter	returned	with	a	tea	tray,	setting	it	down	on	the	desk	behind	Sadie.	“How	would
you	like	it?”	he	asked,	and	gracefully	served	up	the	white-and-one	she	requested.
“Thank	you,	Peter.”	Alice	accepted	her	own	from	him,	black,	sugarless.	She	took	a	sip,
hesitating	briefly	as	she	swallowed,	and	then	set	down	her	cup	and	saucer,	swiveling	the
handle	 just	 so.	 “Now,”	 she	 said,	 her	 tone	 suggesting	 another	 change	 of	 gear,	 “let’s	 get
down	 to	 business,	 shall	 we?	 In	 your	 letter	 you	 mentioned	 a	 theory.	 You	 wanted	 to	 get
inside	 the	 Lake	 House	 to	 investigate	 it.	 I	 take	 it	 you’ve	 discovered	 the	 second	 tunnel	 at
Loeanneth?”
And,	 like	 that,	 they’d	 left	 Maggie	 Bailey	 and	 Diggory	 Brent	 behind	 and	 Alice	 was
leading	 the	 interview	 about	 her	 brother’s	 disappearance.	 Sadie	 was	 glad	 to	 be	 back	 on
topic,	bemused	as	to	how	they’d	got	there,	but	eager	to	push	ahead.	“Yes,”	she	said,	sitting
taller,	 “but	 my	 thoughts	 have	 changed	 since	 I	 wrote	 to	 you.	 I	 wondered	 if	 I	 could	 ask
instead	about	your	father.”

Alice	barely	blinked,	almost	as	if	she’d	known	what	was	coming.	“You	could	ask,	DC
Sparrow,	 but	 I’m	 old	 and	 my	 time	 is	 precious.	 It	 would	 be	 more	 agreeable	 to	 me,	 and
surely	more	useful	to	you,	if	you’d	simply	cut	to	the	chase	and	tell	me	your	theory.	What
do	you	think	happened	to	Theo?”
In	ten	years	working	at	the	Met,	Sadie	was	quite	sure	she’d	never	interviewed	a	subject
like	Alice	Edevane.	She	tried	not	to	appear	flummoxed.	“I	believe	your	brother	died	that
night	at	Loeanneth.”
“As	do	I.”	Alice	seemed	almost	pleased,	as	if	she	were	conducting	an	examination	and
Sadie	 had	 given	 the	 right	 answer.	 “I	 didn’t	 for	 a	 long	 time,	 I	 thought	 that	 he’d	 been
kidnapped,	but	recently	I’ve	come	to	see	that	I	was	wrong.”
Sadie	steeled	herself	to	continue.	“Your	father	suffered	from	shell	shock	after	the	war.”
Once	 more,	 Alice	 was	 unflappable.	 “He	 did,	 although,	 again,	 I	 only	 learned	 that
recently.	It	was	a	secret	kept	very	well	by	my	parents.	My	sister	Deborah	told	me,	and	she
herself	only	learned	about	it	in	1945.”	Alice’s	long	fingers	were	stroking	the	velvet	piping
on	the	armrest	of	her	chair.	“So,	DC	Sparrow,”	she	said,	“we’ve	established	that	my	father
suffered	 from	 shell	 shock,	 we’ve	 agreed	 that	 my	 brother	 most	 likely	 died	 at	 Loeanneth.
How	do	you	imagine	these	two	things	relate?”
Here	it	was.	Sadie	held	Alice’s	gaze.	“I	believe	your	brother	was	killed,	Ms	Edevane,
accidentally,	by	your	father.”
“Yes,”	said	Alice.	“I’ve	recently	come	to	believe	the	same	thing.”
“I	think	he’s	buried	at	Loeanneth.”
“It	is	the	scenario	that	makes	most	sense.”
Sadie	 breathed	 a	 sigh	 of	 relief.	 It	 was	 her	 experience	 that	 people	 did	 not	 usually
appreciate	the	suggestion	that	one	of	their	nearest	and	dearest	was	capable	of	committing	a
major	 crime.	 She’d	 imagined	 herself	 having	 to	 convince	 Alice,	 to	 gently	 cajole	 and
explain	 and	 take	 great	 care	 not	 to	 trample	 her	 feelings.	 This	 frank	 agreement	 was	 far
preferable.	“The	only	problem,”	she	said,	“is	that	I	don’t	know	how	to	prove	it.”
“That,	DC	Sparrow,	is	where	I	might	be	able	to	help	you.”
Sadie	experienced	a	flutter	of	tentative	excitement.	“How?”
“After	 such	 a	 time	 lapse,	 I	 doubt	 there’ll	 be	 much	 in	 the	 way	 of	 physical	 ‘clues’
remaining,	but	there	are	other	sources	we	might	turn	to.	My	family	are	of	the	type	to	write
things	down.	I	don’t	know	if	you’re	a	writer?”
Sadie	shook	her	head.
“No?	Well,	never	mind,	it’s	not	your	secrets	we’re	hoping	to	uncover.	My	father	kept	a
journal	that	he	wrote	religiously,	and	my	mother,	though	not	a	diary-keeper,	was	a	great
one	for	letters.	She	was	one	of	those	children	who	left	little	notes	for	the	fairies,	terribly
charming,	and	then	our	father	went	away	to	war	just	after	they	were	married	and	the	habit
of	letter-writing	stuck.”
Sadie	remembered	the	ivy-rimmed	love	letter	she’d	found	in	the	boathouse,	Eleanor’s
note	to	Anthony,	written	while	he	was	away	at	war	and	she	was	pregnant	with	Alice.	She

considered	 mentioning	 it	 now,	 but	 her	 interest,	 seen	 through	 the	 eyes	 of	 their	 daughter,
seemed	somehow	voyeuristic.	Besides,	Alice	had	already	moved	on.
“There’s	 a	 study	 in	 the	 attic	 at	 Loeanneth,	 where	 the	 family’s	 records	 dating	 back
generations	 are	 kept,	 and	 where	 my	 father	 used	 to	 do	 his	 work;	 there	 is	 also	 a	 rolltop
writing	 bureau	 in	 my	 mother’s	 room.	 That’s	 where	 I’d	 start.	 She	 was	 religious	 about
correspondence.	 She	 wrote	 all	 her	 letters	 in	 triplicate,	 storing	 the	 finished	 books	 on	 the
shelves	within	her	bureau,	and	kept	every	letter	she	received	in	the	drawers	either	side	of
the	desk.	They’re	locked,	but	you’ll	find	the	key	on	a	small	hook	beneath	the	bureau	chair.
I	 made	 it	 my	 business	 to	 know	 such	 things	 as	 a	 child.	 Alas,	 I	 didn’t	 imagine	 there	 was
anything	within	my	mother’s	papers	worth	knowing,	and	I	wouldn’t	have	dared	breach	my
father’s	study.	I	might	have	saved	us	all	a	lot	of	bother	if	I’d	taken	a	peek	back	then.	Never
mind.	 Better	 late	 than	 never.	 I	 cannot	 guarantee	 you’ll	 find	 the	 answers	 we	 seek,	 but	 I
remain	optimistic.	I	heard	nothing	but	praise	for	your	investigative	abilities.”
Sadie	managed	what	she	hoped	was	a	confident,	reassuring	smile.
“You’ll	find	all	manner	of	things	while	you’re	looking.	I	trust	you’ll	be	discreet.	We	all
have	secrets	we	don’t	want	shared,	don’t	we?”
Sadie	realized	she	was	being	blackmailed.	Politely.	“You	can	trust	me.”
“I’m	 a	 very	 good	 judge	 of	 character,	 DC	 Sparrow,	 and	 I	 believe	 I	 can.	 You	 have	 the
courage	 of	 your	 convictions.	 I’ve	 always	 admired	 that	 trait	 in	 people.	 I’d	 like	 to	 know
exactly	what	happened	that	night.	I	dislike	the	word	closure;	the	idea	of	a	finite	ending	is
all	well	and	good	in	fiction,	but	a	rather	infantile	expectation	in	this	vast	world	of	ours.
Still,	 I’m	 sure	 I	 don’t	 need	 to	 explain	 how	 much	 it	 means	 to	 me	 that	 I	 obtain	 answers.”
Alice	 reached	 across	 and	 took	 up	 a	 set	 of	 keys	 from	 the	 small	 table	 beside	 her.	 After
turning	them	over	a	couple	of	times,	she	handed	them	to	Sadie.	“The	keys	to	Loeanneth.
And	you	have	my	permission	to	search	wherever	you	see	fit.”
Sadie	took	the	old	keys	solemnly.	“If	there’s	anything	at	all	to	find—”
“You’ll	find	it.	Yes,	excellent.	Now,	unless	there’s	anything	else	you	need,	I	think	we’re
done.”
Sadie	was	keenly	aware	she’d	just	been	dismissed,	yet	something	had	occurred	to	her
while	 Alice	 was	 describing	 her	 father’s	 journal-keeping	 and	 her	 mother’s	 letters.	 Alice
seemed	 confident	 that	 the	 necessary	 evidence	 to	 implicate	 her	 father	 in	 Theo’s	 death
would	be	found	therein,	but	if	Sadie	would	be	able	to	see	the	connections,	surely	Eleanor
Edevane,	who	had	known	about	her	husband’s	condition	all	along,	would	have	seen	them
too.	“Do	you	think—is	it	possible	your	mother	knew?”
Alice	didn’t	bat	an	eyelash.	“I	think	she	must	have.”
“But—”	The	implications	were	astonishing.	“Why	didn’t	she	tell	the	police?	She	stayed
married	to	him.	How	could	she	have	after	what	he	did?”
“He	was	unwell;	he	would	never	have	done	such	a	thing	intentionally.”
“But	her	child.”

“My	mother	had	very	fixed	ideas	on	morals	and	justice.	She	believed	that	a	promise,
once	made,	should	be	kept.	She	would	have	felt	that	in	some	way	she	deserved	what	had
happened,	even	that	she’d	brought	it	upon	herself.”
Sadie	was	missing	something.	“How	on	earth	did	she	figure	that?”
Alice	 was	 sitting	 tall,	 and	 as	 still	 as	 a	 statue.	 “There	 was	 a	 man	 who	 worked	 at
Loeanneth	for	a	time,	a	fellow	called	Munro.”
“Benjamin	Munro,	yes,	I	know.	You	were	in	love	with	him.”
The	 other	 woman’s	 composure	 appeared	 to	 slip	 then,	 ever	 so	 slightly.	 “My,	 my.	 You
have	done	your	homework.”
“Just	doing	my	job.”	Sadie	winced	at	the	corny	line.
“Yes,	well,	incorrectly	in	this	case.”	Alice	lifted	a	shoulder	and	a	sharp	bone	appeared
beneath	her	ivory	silk	blouse.	“I	might	have	harbored	a	girlish	crush	on	Ben,	but	it	was
nothing	 more	 than	 that.	 You	 know	 what	 young	 people	 are	 like,	 so	 easy	 with	 their
affections.”
The	 way	 she	 said	 it,	 Sadie	 wondered	 whether	 Alice	 somehow	 knew	 about	 her	 own
teenage	infatuation.	The	boy	with	the	smooth	pickup	lines	and	the	shiny	car,	the	smile	that
had	made	her	weak	at	the	knees.	She	said,	“Benjamin	Munro	left	Loeanneth	just	before
Theo	went	missing.”
“Yes.	His	contract	expired.”
“He	had	nothing	to	do	with	what	happened	to	Theo.”
“Not	in	a	practical	sense,	no.”
Sadie	 was	 becoming	 tired	 of	 riddles.	 “Then	 I’m	 afraid	 I	 can’t	 see	 why	 we’re	 talking
about	him.”
Alice	lifted	her	chin.	“You	asked	why	my	mother	felt	responsible	for	what	happened	to
Theo.	A	week	before	Midsummer,	my	older	sister,	Deborah,	told	my	father	something	that
pushed	him	into	a	terrible	state.	I	only	recently	found	out	myself.	It	seems	that	in	the	time
leading	 up	 to	 Midsummer,	 my	 mother	 was	 engaged	 in	 a	 love	 affair	 with	 Benjamin
Munro.”

25
CORNWALL,	1931

Eleanor	fell	in	love	for	the	second	time	when	she	was	thirty-six	years	old.	It	wasn’t	love
at	first	sight,	not	as	it	had	been	with	Anthony;	she	was	a	different	person	in	1931	from	the
girl	 she’d	 been	 twenty	 years	 before.	 But	 love	 has	 many	 colors,	 and	 so	 it	 went	 like	 this:
gray,	rainy	London,	the	doctor	on	Harley	Street,	tea	at	Liberty,	a	sea	of	black	umbrellas,	a
crowded	train	station,	her	dull	yellow	seat	within	the	clammy	carriage.
The	 whistle	 blew	 outside,	 the	 train	 was	 about	 to	 leave,	 and	 not	 a	 moment	 too	 soon.
Eleanor	 was	 watching	 through	 the	 window,	 surveying	 the	 soot-blackened	 tracks,	 and
didn’t	think	much	of	it	when	a	man	jumped	in	at	the	last	minute	and	took	the	window	seat
opposite.	She	noticed	his	reflection	in	the	glass—he	was	young,	at	least	ten	years	younger
than	she	was;	she	vaguely	registered	a	pleasant	voice	as	she	heard	him	tell	the	man	next	to
him	that	he’d	been	lucky	to	get	a	ticket,	it	had	been	handed	in	at	the	last	minute,	and	then
she	paid	him	no	more	heed.
The	 train	 pulled	 away	 from	 the	 station	 in	 a	 puff	 of	 smoke,	 and	 rain	 started	 to	 stream
down	 the	 glass	 so	 that	 everything	 outside	 dissolved.	 As	 London	 gave	 way	 to	 open
countryside,	Eleanor	replayed	her	meeting	with	Dr.	Heimer,	wondering	whether	she’d	said
too	 much.	 The	 prim	 little	 typist	 in	 the	 corner,	 relaying	 everything	 to	 her	 machine	 as
Eleanor	 spoke,	 had	 been	 unsettling	 enough	 at	 the	 time,	 but	 to	 recall	 her	 now	 was
nauseating.	 Eleanor	 knew	 it	 was	 important	 to	 be	 honest	 with	 the	 doctors,	 to	 tell	 them
exactly	what	Anthony	said	and	did,	yet	as	she’d	framed	her	descriptions	in	her	mind,	as
she’d	heard	the	words	she	spoke,	she’d	felt	the	sick	weight	of	having	betrayed	the	husband
she’d	sworn	to	protect.
He	 was	 so	 much	 more	 than	 the	 symptoms	 that	 plagued	 him.	 She’d	 wanted	 to
communicate	 to	 the	 doctor	 how	 kind	 he	 was	 with	 the	 girls,	 how	 good-humored	 and
handsome	and	eager	he’d	been	when	she	met	him,	how	unfair	it	was	that	the	war	should
be	 allowed	 to	 hollow	 out	 a	 man’s	 core,	 to	 rend	 the	 tapestry	 of	 his	 life,	 leaving	 only	 the
tattered	threads	of	his	earlier	dreams	with	which	to	patch	it.	But	no	matter	the	words	she
chose,	 she	 couldn’t	 make	 the	 doctor	 see	 how	 much	 she	 loved	 her	 husband,	 couldn’t
convey	that	she	wanted	only	to	save	Anthony	as	he’d	saved	her.	She’d	wanted	the	doctor
to	absolve	her	from	her	failure,	but	instead	he’d	sat	solidly	behind	his	gray	suit	and	wirerimmed	spectacles,	pen	pressed	to	his	lips	as	he	nodded	and	sighed	and	jotted	occasionally
in	the	margin	of	his	lined	pad.	Her	words	beaded	as	they	reached	him,	sliding	off	his	oiled
hair	 like	 water	 from	 a	 duck’s	 back,	 and	 all	 the	 while,	 in	 the	 staid,	 clinical	 quiet	 of	 the
room,	the	tippity-tap	of	that	machine	constantly	reproached	her.
Eleanor	didn’t	realize	she	was	crying	until	the	man	sitting	opposite	leaned	to	pass	her
his	handkerchief.	She	looked	up,	surprised,	and	noticed	they	were	now	alone	in	the	train
carriage,	except	for	an	elderly	woman	sitting	on	the	edge	of	the	bench,	closest	to	the	door.

Eleanor	had	been	too	wrapped	up	in	her	thoughts	to	notice	the	train	making	stops	along
the	way.
She	took	the	handkerchief	and	dabbed	beneath	her	eyes.	She	was	embarrassed—more
than	 that,	 infuriated—to	 be	 this	 person,	 a	 weeping	 woman	 eliciting	 kindness	 from	 a
stranger.	It	seemed	an	intimacy,	this	acceptance	of	a	young	man’s	handkerchief,	and	she
was	painfully	aware	of	the	old	lady	by	the	door,	pretending	interest	in	her	knitting	while
stealing	glances	over	its	top.	“No,”	he	said	when	she	tried	to	give	the	handkerchief	back,
“you	 keep	 it.”	 He	 didn’t	 ask	 after	 her	 troubles	 and	 Eleanor	 didn’t	 volunteer	 them,	 he
simply	smiled	politely	and	went	about	his	business.
His	business,	she	noticed,	was	the	manipulation	of	a	small	piece	of	paper,	his	fingers
working	 quickly	 but	 neatly,	 performing	 multiple	 tucks	 and	 folds,	 making	 triangles	 and
rectangles,	turning	the	paper	over	and	doing	the	same	again.	She	realized	she	was	staring
and	glanced	away,	but	she	didn’t	stop	watching,	observing	instead	in	the	reflection	of	the
train	window.	He	made	a	final	adjustment	and	then	held	the	paper	in	one	hand,	inspecting
it	from	all	angles.	Eleanor	felt	unexpectedly	pleased.	It	was	a	bird,	a	swanlike	figure	with
pointed	wings	and	a	long	neck.
The	 train	 lumbered	 on,	 dragging	 itself	 west,	 and	 darkness	 fell	 outside	 the	 window	 as
absolute	 as	 a	 theatre	 black	 after	 a	 show.	 Eleanor	 must	 have	 slept	 deep	 and	 long,	 for	 the
next	 thing	 she	 knew	 the	 train	 had	 reached	 the	 end	 of	 the	 line.	 The	 stationmaster	 was
blowing	 his	 whistle,	 ordering	 disembarkation,	 and	 passengers	 were	 brushing	 past	 the
carriage	window.
She	tried	to	get	her	bags	down	from	the	racks	and	when	she	couldn’t	reach,	he	helped
her.	It	was	that	simple.	The	shopping	bag	had	become	stuck	on	a	jagged	piece	of	metal,	it
was	awkward,	and	she	was	still	disoriented	from	sleep,	weary	after	a	day	that	had	begun
before	dawn.
“Thank	you,”	she	said.	“And	for	before.	I’m	afraid	I’ve	ruined	your	handkerchief.”
“Don’t	 mention	 it,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 smile	 that	 brought	 a	 shallow	 dimple	 to	 his	 cheek.
“It’s	yours.	As	is	this.”
Their	 hands	 brushed	 as	 she	 took	 the	 bag	 from	 him	 and	 Eleanor	 met	 his	 eyes	 briefly.
He’d	felt	it	too,	she	could	tell	by	the	way	he	straightened,	the	brief,	bewildered	expression
on	 his	 face.	 It	 was	 electric,	 a	 spark	 of	 cosmic	 recognition,	 as	 if	 in	 that	 moment	 time’s
weave	 had	 opened	 and	 they’d	 glimpsed	 an	 alternative	 existence	 in	 which	 they	 were
something	more	than	strangers	on	a	train.
Eleanor	forced	her	thoughts	to	order.	She	could	see	Martin,	her	driver,	on	the	well-lit
platform	 through	 the	 window.	 He	 was	 studying	 the	 other	 passengers,	 looking	 for	 her,
ready	to	take	her	home.
“Well,”	 she	 said,	 in	 the	 same	 efficient	 tone	 she	 might	 have	 used	 to	 excuse	 a	 new
housemaid,	“thank	you	again	for	your	help.”	And	with	a	short	nod	she	left	the	young	man
in	the	carriage,	lifted	her	chin,	and	walked	away.

If	 she	 hadn’t	 seen	 him	 again,	 their	 meeting	 would	 surely	 have	 been	 forgotten.	 A	 chance
encounter	 on	 a	 train,	 a	 handsome	 stranger	 who’d	 shown	 her	 a	 small	 kindness.	 A	 trivial
moment	consigned	to	the	recesses	of	a	memory	already	brimming	with	others.
But	Eleanor	did	see	him	again,	some	months	later,	on	an	overcast	day	in	August.	The
morning	 was	 unusually	 warm,	 the	 air	 thick,	 and	 Anthony	 had	 woken	 to	 one	 of	 his	 bad
heads.	 Eleanor	 had	 heard	 him	 tossing	 and	 turning	 in	 the	 pre-dawn,	 battling	 the	 terrible
visions	that	came	upon	him	in	the	night,	and	she’d	known	to	expect	the	worst.	She	also
knew	 from	 experience	 that	 the	 best	 defense	 was	 offense.	 She’d	 sent	 him	 upstairs
immediately	 after	 breakfast,	 prevailed	 upon	 him	 to	 take	 two	 of	 Dr.	 Gibbons’s	 sleeping
tablets,	and	given	firm	instructions	to	the	staff	that	he	was	busy	with	an	important	project
and	not	to	be	disturbed.	Finally,	as	it	was	Nanny	Rose’s	day	off,	she’d	gathered	the	girls
and	told	them	to	find	their	shoes;	they	were	going	to	spend	the	morning	in	town.
“Oh	no!	Why?”	That	was	Alice,	always	the	first	and	the	loudest	with	complaint.	Her
reaction	 could	 not	 have	 been	 more	 horrified	 had	 Eleanor	 suggested	 they	 spend	 a	 week
down	the	mines.
“Because	I	have	parcels	to	collect	from	the	post	office	and	I’d	appreciate	some	arms	to
carry	them.”
“Really,	Mother,	more	parcels?	You	must	have	bought	one	of	everything	in	London	by
now.”	Grumble,	grumble.
“That’s	quite	enough,	Alice.	One	day,	God	willing,	you’ll	find	yourself	in	charge	of	a
household	and	then	it	will	be	your	decision	whether	or	not	to	purchase	the	necessary	items
to	keep	it	running.”
The	look	on	Alice’s	face	screamed,	Never!	and	Eleanor	was	startled	to	recognize	her
own	 younger	 self	 in	 the	 stubborn	 set	 of	 her	 fourteen-year-old	 daughter’s	 features.	 The
awareness	 riled	 her	 and	 she	 drew	 herself	 to	 full	 height.	 Her	 voice	 was	 more	 brittle	 than
she’d	intended.	“I	won’t	tell	you	again,	Alice.	We’re	going	into	town,	Martin	has	already
been	sent	to	fetch	the	car,	so	go	at	once	and	find	your	shoes.”
Alice	 set	 her	 mouth	 in	 a	 haughty	 line	 and	 her	 eyes	 glistened	 with	 disdain.	 “Yes,
Mother,”	she	said,	enunciating	the	title	as	if	she	couldn’t	get	it	off	her	lips	fast	enough.
Mother.	 No	 one	 was	 particularly	 fond	 of	 her.	 Even	 Eleanor	 winced	 sometimes	 at	 the
woman’s	incessant	pedantry.	She	wasn’t	a	bit	of	fun	and	could	always	be	counted	on	to
temper	a	boisterous	occasion	with	a	sermon	on	responsibility	or	safety.	And	yet,	she	was
essential.	 Eleanor	 would	 have	 collapsed	 under	 the	 heartbreaking	 strain	 of	 Anthony’s
condition,	 but	 Mother	 was	 always	 equal	 to	 the	 task.	 She	 made	 sure	 the	 girls	 gave	 their
father	 space	 when	 he	 needed	 it	 and	 was	 ever	 on	 guard	 to	 catch	 him	 before	 he	 slumped.
Mother	didn’t	worry	that	her	children	looked	upon	her	as	a	harridan.	Why	would	she?	It
was	all	in	the	interests	of	helping	them	to	become	their	best	selves.
Eleanor,	in	contrast,	cared	a	great	deal,	lamenting	the	loss	of	those	distant	war	years,
when	the	girls	had	curled	up	on	her	lap	and	listened	to	her	stories,	when	she’d	run	with
them	 across	 the	 estate,	 exploring	 and	 pointing	 out	 the	 magical	 places	 of	 her	 own
childhood.	 But	 she’d	 long	 since	 stopped	 feeling	 sorry	 for	 herself.	 She’d	 witnessed	 other
families	where	life	had	been	made	to	revolve	around	the	exigencies	of	an	invalid	and	she

had	 come	 to	 the	 firm	 conclusion	 that	 the	 ancillary	 damage	 was	 simply	 too	 great.	 She
didn’t	want	the	shadow	of	Anthony’s	disappointment	and	distress	to	spill	across	the	lives
of	her	growing	daughters.	If	she	could	just	absorb	his	troubles	herself,	then	the	girls	would
remain	unaffected,	and	one	day,	when	she	found	the	right	doctor,	when	she	discovered	a
cure	to	restore	him,	no	one	would	be	any	the	wiser.
In	the	meantime,	Eleanor	committed	herself	to	keeping	Anthony’s	condition	concealed,
just	as	she’d	promised	him	she	would.	It	was	in	the	service	of	this	promise	that	she	made
sure	 always	 to	 place	 plenty	 of	 orders	 with	 the	 department	 stores	 in	 London.	 She	 didn’t
need	half	the	things	she	bought,	but	that	was	beside	the	point.	It	was	one	of	the	simplest,
most	believable	ways	she’d	concocted	over	the	years	to	get	the	girls	out	from	beneath	his
feet.	 Between	 visits	 to	 the	 beach,	 or	 field	 trips	 to	 the	 meadow,	 they	 were	 made	 to
accompany	her	into	town	to	collect	parcels.	For	their	part,	they	found	it	entirely	credible
(though	 manifestly	 irritating)	 that	 their	 mother	 was	 a	 compulsive	 shopper	 who	 wasn’t
content	without	the	latest	frippery	from	London.	And	so	it	was	that	morning.
“Deborah,	Clementine,	Alice!	Come	along!	Martin	is	waiting.”
There	 was	 the	 usual	 kerfuffle	 as	 the	 girls	 tore	 about	 the	 house	 trying	 to	 find	 their
elusive	shoes.	There	would	have	to	be	a	lecture	later—young	ladies,	responsibility,	a	duty
to	 themselves,	 that	 sort	 of	 thing.	 Mother	 was	 good	 at	 delivering	 lessons.	 But	 then	 she
ought	 to	 be;	 she’d	 had	 the	 perfect	 example	 in	 Constance.	 Eleanor	 amazed	 herself	 how
much	the	shrew	she	could	sound,	how	cold	and	unamused.	Their	faces	when	she	delivered
her	stern	calls	for	improvement	were	studies	in	boredom	and	dislike.	Worse,	except	for	the
merest,	 occasional	 flicker	 of	 hurt	 and	 confusion	 that	 crossed	 Deborah’s	 face—as	 if	 she
almost	remembered	a	time	when	things	had	been	different—they	revealed	an	utter	lack	of
surprise.	This,	for	Eleanor,	was	the	most	terrifying	aspect	of	all.	Her	daughters	had	no	idea
how	much	she	envied	them	their	freedom	and	cheered	their	lack	of	social	graces;	how	like
them	she’d	once	been;	what	great	friends	they	might	have	become	if	things	were	different.
Finally,	 her	 daughters	 arrived	 at	 the	 foot	 of	 the	 stairs,	 more	 disheveled	 than	 Eleanor
might	 have	 hoped,	 but	 with	 a	 shoe	 on	 each	 foot,	 which	was	at	least	something.	Eleanor
ushered	them	outside	to	where	Martin	had	the	car	idling,	and	they	all	piled	into	the	back.
While	 the	 girls	 bickered	 about	 who	 was	 sitting	 near	 the	 window	 and	 whose	 dress	 was
stuck	 beneath	 whose	 bottom,	 Eleanor	 glanced	 through	 the	 window	 and	 up	 to	 the	 attic,
where	 Anthony	 was	 now	 asleep.	 If	 she	 could	 just	 keep	 the	 girls	 out	 all	 morning,	 by
afternoon,	 God	 willing,	 he’d	 be	 restored	 and	 they	 could	 salvage	 part	 of	 the	 day.
Sometimes,	their	best	family	time	came	after	mornings	like	these.	It	was	a	strange	pattern
of	push	and	pull,	in	which	the	depth	of	his	despair	was	later	matched	by	the	radiant	relief
of	his	recovery.	They	were	jewels,	those	moments,	rare	but	precious	reminders	of	the	man
he	used	to	be.	The	man	he	still	was,	she	corrected	herself,	deep	beneath	it	all.
The	clouds	had	lifted	by	the	time	they	reached	town.	Fishing	boats	were	returning	to
the	harbor	and	seagulls	drifted	and	cawed	above	a	still,	slate	sea.	Martin	slowed	when	he
reached	the	High	Street.	“Anywhere	in	particular	you’d	like	me	to	set	you	down,	ma’am?”
“This	will	be	perfect,	thank	you,	Martin.”
He	pulled	the	car	over	and	opened	the	door,	letting	them	all	out.
“Would	you	prefer	me	to	wait	while	you	do	your	shopping?”

“No,	 thank	 you.”	 Eleanor	 smoothed	 her	 skirt	 over	 her	 hips	 as	 a	 salty	 ocean	 breeze
caressed	the	back	of	her	neck.	“I’m	sure	you	have	other	errands	to	run	for	Mrs.	Stevenson
and	we’ll	be	a	couple	of	hours	yet.”
The	driver	agreed	to	return	for	them	at	twelve	thirty	and	the	arrangement	was	met	with
predictable	complaint:	“But	two	whole	hours,	Mother!”	“To	collect	a	few	parcels?”	“I’m
going	to	die	from	boredom!”
“Boredom	is	the	province	of	the	witless,”	she	heard	herself	say.	“A	state	to	be	pitied.”
And	then,	ignoring	all	further	protestations,	“I	thought	we’d	have	some	morning	tea	while
we’re	 here.	 You	 can	 tell	 me	 what	 you’ve	 been	 learning	 in	 your	 lessons.”	 Not	 a	 lot,	 was
Eleanor’s	 suspicion.	 Judging	 by	 the	 number	 of	 small	 newspapers	 in	 circulation,	 the
tittering	of	housemaids	when	they	ought	to	be	busy	doing	other	things,	the	girls	were	far
more	focused	on	the	old	printing	press	than	they	were	on	their	schoolwork.	Eleanor	had
been	just	the	same,	of	course,	but	there	was	no	need	for	her	daughters	to	know	that.
Cheered	 somewhat	 by	 the	 suggestion	 of	 cake,	 if	 not	 by	 talk	 of	 lessons,	 the	 girls
followed	 Eleanor	 into	 the	 café	 on	 the	 promenade,	 where	 the	 four	 of	 them	 shared	 a
relatively	 cheerful	 time,	 the	 only	 hiccup	 when	 Clementine	 upset	 a	 jug	 of	 milk,	 and	 a
bucket	and	mop	had	to	be	called	for.
Alas,	the	geniality	could	only	be	stretched	so	far.	The	polite	conversation	and	pot	of	tea
had	both	dried	up	when	Eleanor	sneaked	a	glance	at	her	father’s	wristwatch	and	saw	there
was	 still	 over	 an	 hour	 to	 fill.	 She	 settled	 the	 account	 and	 drew	 on	 plan	 B.	 She’d	 come
prepared	with	invented	reasons	to	visit	the	haberdashery,	the	milliner,	and	the	jeweler,	and
led	the	girls	along	the	High	Street.	By	the	time	she’d	finished	inquiring	about	repairs	to	a
clasp	on	her	gold	link	bracelet,	however,	they	were	beside	themselves	with	boredom.
“Please,	Mother,”	said	Alice.	“Couldn’t	we	just	go	down	to	the	sea	while	you	finish	up
here?”
“Yes,	 please,	 Mother,”	 chimed	 Clementine,	 who’d	 almost	 broken	 three	 clocks	 in	 as
many	minutes.
“Let	 me	 take	 them,	 Mother,”	 said	 Deborah,	 who,	 at	 sixteen,	 was	 just	 beginning	 to
glimpse	her	role	as	eldest	daughter	and	adult-in-waiting.	“I’ll	keep	an	eye	on	things,	make
sure	they	behave	properly,	and	have	us	all	back	to	help	you	with	the	parcels	before	Martin
returns.”
Eleanor	 watched	 as	 they	 went,	 releasing	 a	 long-held	 sigh.	 Really,	 she	 was	 as	 glad	 as
they	were.	It	was	far	easier	to	fill	time	when	she	didn’t	have	to	keep	them	entertained	and
in	line.	She	thanked	the	jeweler,	agreed	with	his	suggested	method	of	repair,	and	stepped
outside	the	shop.
There	was	a	wooden	bench	seat	in	the	square	and	Eleanor	was	pleased	to	find	it	empty.
She	sat	down	and	passed	a	quiet	half	hour	watching	the	comings	and	goings	of	the	village.
As	a	child,	Eleanor	had	never	realized	how	much	enjoyment	could	be	gained,	as	an	adult,
simply	 from	 sitting.	 The	 absence	 of	 demands	 and	 expectations,	 of	 queries	 and
conversation,	 was	 a	 true,	 simple	 joy.	 It	 was	 with	 some	 regret	 that	 she	 noted	 there	 were
only	fifteen	minutes	remaining	until	Martin	returned	to	collect	them,	and	that	it	was	time
to	brave	the	post	office.

That	 is—Eleanor	 steeled	 herself—it	 was	 time	 to	 brave	 the	 postmistress.	 Marjorie
Kempling	was	a	gossip	with	a	seemingly	inexhaustible	trove	of	material	she	was	bursting
to	share.	Presumably	as	a	consequence	of	Eleanor’s	frequent	visits	to	collect	parcels,	Miss
Kempling	 had	 come	 to	 regard	 the	 pair	 of	 them	 as	 something	 akin	 to	 co-conspirators.	 It
was	a	misguided	assumption,	and	one	which	Eleanor	did	nothing	to	encourage.	She	had
little	desire	to	know	the	ins	and	outs	of	her	neighbors’	lives,	but	it	seemed	no	amount	of
crisp	 silence	 could	 deter	 the	 other	 woman’s	 enthusiasm.	 Indeed,	 it	 appeared	 the	 more
space	Eleanor	allowed,	the	greater	was	Miss	Kempling’s	commitment	to	fill	it.
Eleanor	hesitated	briefly	on	the	top	step	of	the	stone	post-office	building.	There	was	a
little	bell	positioned	on	the	architrave	on	the	other	side	of	the	door,	and	its	effusive	tinkle
was	a	sound	she’d	come	to	dread.	To	Miss	Kempling	it	was	a	clarion	call;	to	Eleanor	it
signaled	the	beginning	of	the	onslaught.	She	readied	herself,	determined	simply	to	march
in	and	politely	but	firmly	extricate	herself	and	her	parcels	with	the	minimum	of	fuss.	And
then,	with	more	force,	perhaps,	than	was	necessary,	she	took	hold	of	the	door’s	handle	and
prepared	 to	 push.	 Right	 as	 she	 did	 so,	 the	 door	 slipped	 away	 from	 her	 and,	 to	 her
immediate	mortification,	Eleanor	fell	straight	into	a	man	trying	to	exit	the	post	office.
“I’m	so	sorry,	forgive	me,”	she	said,	stepping	back	onto	the	landing.
“Not	at	all.	It	was	my	fault,	I	was	hurrying.	I	had	a	sudden	overwhelming	need	for	fresh
air	and	a	moment’s	silence.”
Eleanor	 laughed,	 in	 spite	 of	 herself.	 She	 met	 his	 eyes	 and	 it	 took	 her	 a	 moment	 to
remember	 where	 she	 knew	 him	 from.	 He	 had	 changed.	 His	 hair	 was	 longer,	 dark	 and
curled,	and	his	skin	was	a	great	deal	browner	than	it	had	been.	He	looked	quite	unlike	the
neat	young	man	she’d	first	encountered	on	the	train	home.
His	smile	caught.	“Have	we	met?”
“No,”	she	said	quickly,	remembering	the	journey,	the	handkerchief,	the	thrill	she’d	felt
when	his	fingers	brushed	hers,	“I	don’t	believe	we	have.”
“In	London,	perhaps?”
“No.	Never.”
A	faint	frown	had	settled	on	his	brow,	but	he	smiled	as	if	he	hadn’t	a	care	in	the	world.
“My	mistake,	then.	Apologies.	Good	day.”
“Good	day.”
Eleanor	let	her	breath	go.	The	incident	had	left	her	unexpectedly	rattled	and	she	waited
a	few	seconds	before	proceeding	inside.	The	bell	tinkled	merrily	and	she	fought	an	urge	to
reach	out	and	deliver	it	a	stilling	blow.
The	postmistress’s	eyes	lit	up	when	she	saw	that	it	was	Eleanor.	“Mrs.	Edevane,	how
lovely	to	have	a	visit.	I’ve	a	number	of	parcels	here	for	you.	But	my	goodness,	you	look	so
peaky!”
“Good	 day,	 Miss	 Kempling.	 I’m	 afraid	 I’ve	 just	 run	 into	 a	 gentleman	 on	 the	 steps.
Terribly	careless	of	me.	I’m	a	little	shaken.”

“Oh	my!	But	that	will	be	Mr.	Munro.	Here—sit	down,	my	dear,	let	me	fetch	you	a	cool
glass	of	water.”
Mr.	 Munro.	 She	 might	 have	 guessed	 Marjorie	 Kempling	 would	 know	 who	 he	 was.
Eleanor	hated	herself	for	being	interested.	She	hated	herself	even	more	for	the	irrational
flare	of	envy	she’d	felt	at	the	postmistress’s	comfortable	use	of	the	man’s	name.
“But	isn’t	he	a	dish!”	Miss	Kempling	bustled	back	from	behind	the	counter,	a	glass	of
water	clutched	in	one	paw.	“He	could	be	in	the	films!	Quite	unlike	the	other	young	fellows
we	 see	 around	 here.	 A	 jack-of-all-trades,	 from	 what	 I	 gather,	 he	 travels	 all	 over	 taking
work	where	it’s	offered.	He’s	been	laboring	for	Mr.	Nicolson	at	the	apple	orchard	over	the
summer.”	 She	 leaned	 close	 enough	 that	 Eleanor	 could	 smell	 the	 oily	 day	 cream	 on	 her
skin.	“He’s	living	in	an	old	caravan	on	the	river,	just	like	a	Gypsy.	You	can	tell	by	looking
at	him,	can’t	you,	that	he’s	probably	got	some	of	the	blood.	That	skin!	Those	eyes!”
Eleanor	 smiled	 thinly,	 disdaining	 the	 other	 woman’s	 excitable	 manner,	 her	 taste	 for
gossip,	 and	 yet	 unconscionably	 eager	 to	 hear	 more.	 Oh,	 but	 she	 was	 the	 worst	 kind	 of
hypocrite!
“Not	 a	 gentleman,	 exactly,”	 the	 other	 woman	 was	 saying,	 “but	 fine	 manners	 and	 a
lovely	way	about	him.	I’m	going	to	miss	his	visits.”
Miss	them?	“Oh?”
“That’s	 what	 he	 was	 in	 for	 just	 now,	 to	 let	 me	 know	 he	 won’t	 be	 needing	 letter
collection	anymore.	His	contract	with	Mr.	Nicolson	is	expiring	and	he’s	moving	on	next
week.	He	left	no	forwarding	address,	more’s	the	pity.	Quite	the	man	of	mystery.	I	said	to
him,	‘But	what	if	post	arrives	and	I’ve	nowhere	to	send	it	on	to?’	and	do	you	know	what
he	replied?”
“I	can’t	imagine.”
“He	 told	 me	 that	 all	 the	 people	 he	 cared	 to	 hear	 from	 would	 know	 where	 to	 write	 to
him,	and	the	rest	he	could	do	without.”
There	 was	 no	 forgetting	 him	 after	 that.	 Miss	 Kempling	 had	 given	 Eleanor	 just	 enough
information	to	fuel	her	interest	and	she	found	herself	thinking	of	him	often	over	the	next
few	weeks.	Mr.	Munro.	The	name	had	insinuated	itself	into	her	mind	and	came	to	her	at
the	oddest	times.	When	she	was	visiting	Anthony	in	his	study,	when	she	was	watching	the
girls	 on	 the	 lawn,	 when	 she	 lay	 down	 to	 sleep	 and	 the	 night	 birds	 started	 crying	 on	 the
lake.	 He	 was	 like	 a	 song	 that	 got	 stuck	 in	 one’s	 head	 and	 couldn’t	 be	 escaped.	 She
remembered	 the	 warmth	 of	 his	 voice,	 the	 way	 he’d	 looked	 at	 her	 as	 if	 the	 two	 of	 them
were	in	on	a	private	joke,	how	she’d	felt	when	his	hand	brushed	hers	on	the	train,	as	if	it
were	fate	and	the	two	of	them	were	always	destined	to	meet.
She	 knew	 such	 thoughts	 weren’t	 safe	 and	 she	 knew	 that	 they	 were	 wrong.	 The	 illicit
frisson	 accompanying	 them	 told	 her	 that.	 She	 was	 shocked	 by	 herself,	 and	 dismayed;
Eleanor	had	never	imagined	she’d	be	capable	of	attraction	to	anyone	but	Anthony,	and	it
felt	sullying	in	some	way	to	find	herself	in	this	position.	She	assured	herself	that	it	was	a
temporary	 state	 of	 affairs,	 an	 aberration;	 that	 she	 would	 forget	 this	 other	 man	 soon

enough;	that	in	the	meantime	her	thoughts	were	her	own	and	no	one	else	need	ever	know.
The	 man	 himself	 had	 moved	 on	 weeks	 ago,	 and	 he’d	 left	 no	 forwarding	 address.	 There
was	 no	 real	 risk.	 Why	 shouldn’t	 she	 take	 out	 a	 pleasant	 memory	 now	 and	 again,	 what
harm	was	there	in	that?	And	so	she	continued	to	remember,	sometimes	even	to	invent.	Mr.
Munro.	That	easy	smile	of	his,	the	pull	she’d	felt	when	he	looked	at	her,	what	might	have
happened	had	she	said	instead,	“Why,	yes,	I	remember	you.	We’ve	met	before.”
But	of	course	there	is	always	a	risk	when	the	heart	allows	a	breach,	no	matter	how	small
or	harmless	it	might	seem.	The	next	occasion	on	which	Eleanor	needed	to	take	the	girls
away	from	Loeanneth	was	a	glorious	morning,	the	first	after	weeks	of	drizzling	rain,	and
the	last	thing	she	felt	like	doing	was	lacing	herself	into	one	of	her	formal	dresses	to	make
the	trip	into	town.	And	so,	she	decided,	they	would	have	a	picnic	instead.
Mrs.	Stevenson	packed	them	a	lunch	and	they	set	off	down	the	path	between	the	laurel
hedges,	circumnavigating	the	lake	until	they	reached	the	stream	that	ran	along	the	bottom
of	the	garden.	Edwina,	never	one	to	be	willingly	left	behind,	panted	fervently	beside	them.
She	 was	 a	 lovely	 dog,	 loyal	 and	 faithful	 to	 them	 all,	 but	 particularly	 fond	 of	 Eleanor.
They’d	bonded,	the	pair	of	them,	over	the	incident	with	Anthony	when	Edwina	was	just	a
puppy.	 The	 dear	 old	 girl	 had	 arthritis	 in	 her	 joints	 now,	 but	 refused	 to	 let	 it	 stop	 her
accompanying	her	mistress	wherever	she	went.
The	 weather	 was	 exceptional,	 and	 perhaps	 because	 they’d	 been	 cooped	 up	 for	 days,
they	walked	further	than	they	otherwise	might	have.	Eleanor	swore	later	to	herself	that	she
hadn’t	 taken	 them	 to	 the	 edge	 of	 Mr.	 Nicolson’s	 orchard	 on	 purpose.	 Indeed,	 it	 was
Clementine	who’d	led	the	way,	running	ahead,	her	arms	outstretched,	and	Deborah	who’d
finally	 pointed	 to	 the	 flat,	 grassy	 spot	 beneath	 the	 willow	 on	 the	 water’s	 edge	 and	 said,
“Oh,	do	let’s	sit	there,	it’s	perfect!”	Eleanor	knew	where	they	were,	of	course,	and	endured
a	small	flutter	of	embarrassment	as	the	fantasies	she’d	harbored	over	the	past	month	came
rushing	 back	 to	 her.	 But	 before	 she	 could	 demur,	 suggest	 they	 move	 their	 picnic	 further
upstream	or	across	another	meadow,	the	blanket	was	out	and	the	two	older	girls	lolling	on
it.	Alice	was	frowning	at	her	notebook,	biting	her	lip	as	she	willed	her	pen	to	keep	up	with
her	tumbling	thoughts,	and	Eleanor	had	to	accept,	with	a	sigh,	that	there’d	be	no	leaving
now.	And	really,	there	was	no	good	reason	to	go	elsewhere.	That	man,	Mr.	Munro—her
cheeks	flushed	even	as	she	thought	his	name—had	moved	on	weeks	before.	It	was	only
her	 guilty	 conscience	 that	 balked	 at	 the	 idea	 of	 sitting	 in	 this	 particular	 field	 on	 this
particular	farm.
Eleanor	unpacked	the	picnic	basket	and	spread	Mrs.	Stevenson’s	goodies	across	it.	As
the	 sun	 rose	 higher	 in	 the	 sky,	 the	 four	 of	 them	 ate	 ham	 sandwiches	 and	 Cox’s	 Orange
Pippins	 and	 far	 too	 much	 cake,	 washing	 it	 all	 down	 with	 fresh	 ginger	 beer.	 Edwina
watched	the	proceedings	imploringly,	snaffling	up	each	small	tidbit	as	it	came	her	way.
But	really,	the	heat	for	October	was	uncanny!	Eleanor	undid	the	small	pearl	buttons	at
her	 wrist,	 rolling	 her	 sleeves	 back	 once,	 and	 then	 twice,	 so	 they	 sat	 in	 neat	 pleats.	 A
somnolence	had	come	over	her	after	lunch,	and	she	lay	back	on	the	blanket.	Closing	her
eyes,	she	could	hear	the	girls	bickering	lazily	over	the	last	slice	of	cake,	but	her	attention
drifted,	sailing	beyond	them	to	pick	out	the	plink	of	water	as	gleaming	trout	leapt	in	the

stream,	the	thrum	of	hidden	crickets	on	the	rim	of	the	woods,	the	warm	rustling	of	leaves
in	the	nearby	orchard.	Each	sound	was	an	exaggeration,	as	if	a	bewitching	spell	had	been
cast	over	this	small	patch	of	land,	like	something	from	a	fairy	tale,	one	of	Mr.	Llewellyn’s
stories	from	her	childhood.	Eleanor	sighed.	The	old	man	had	been	gone	over	a	month	now.
He’d	left,	as	he	always	did,	when	summer	finished,	seeking	the	warmer	climes	of	Italy	to
soothe	 his	 restless	 legs	 and	 spirit.	 Eleanor	 missed	 him	 terribly.	 The	 winter	 months	 at
Loeanneth	 were	 always	 the	 longer	 and	 colder	 for	 his	 absence,	 and	 she,	 personally,	 was
stiffer	without	him,	more	contained.	He	was	the	only	person	who	still	looked	at	her	and
saw	the	slip	of	a	girl	with	wild,	tangled	hair	and	a	seemingly	unquenchable	spirit.
She	fell	asleep,	aware,	just,	as	she	tipped	over	the	cliff	of	consciousness,	and	dreamed
she	was	a	child.	She	was	on	her	boat,	its	white	sail	full	of	breeze,	and	her	father	and	Mr.
Llewellyn	 were	 waving	 from	 the	 shore.	 Her	 heart	 was	 full	 of	 happiness;	 she	 felt	 no
uncertainty	or	fear.	Light	rippled	off	the	water	and	the	leaves	glistened,	but	then,	as	she
turned	back	to	wave	again,	she	realized	she’d	drifted	further	than	she’d	meant	to,	and	the
lake	was	no	longer	a	shape	she	recognized,	opening	instead	to	spill	away	from	the	house
and	 her	 family,	 and	 the	 current	 was	 strong,	 pulling	 her	 yet	 further	 from	 them,	 and	 the
water	was	choppy,	the	boat	rocking	from	side	to	side,	and	she	had	to	hold	on	tightly	so	as
not	to	fall—
She	woke	abruptly	and	realized	she	was	being	shaken.	“Mother!	Wake	up,	Mother!”
“What	is	it?”	It	was	no	longer	bright.	Great,	dark	clouds	were	gathering	in	the	west	and
the	 wind	 had	 picked	 up.	 Eleanor	 sat	 up	 quickly,	 glancing	 around	 to	 count	 her	 children.
“Clementine?”
“She’s	fine.	It’s	Edwina	we’re	worried	about.	She	ran	off	after	a	rabbit	half	an	hour	ago
and	hasn’t	come	back,	and	now	it’s	going	to	rain.”
“Half	an	hour—but	how	long	have	I	been	sleeping?”	Eleanor	checked	her	watch.	It	was
almost	three.	“Which	way	did	she	go?”
Deborah	pointed	towards	a	distant	copse	and	Eleanor	stared,	as	if	by	scanning	the	trees
with	enough	intent,	she	might	will	Edwina	into	view.
The	 sky	 was	 mulberry.	 Eleanor	 could	 smell	 the	 coming	 storm,	 heat,	 and	 moisture
combined.	It	was	going	to	rain,	heavily	and	soon,	but	they	couldn’t	just	leave	Edwina,	not
this	far	from	home.	She	was	old	and	partly	blind,	and	with	her	joints	as	stiff	as	they	were
she	wouldn’t	be	able	to	get	herself	out	of	trouble.
“I’ll	 go	 after	 her,”	 said	 Eleanor	 decisively,	 stacking	 the	 picnic	 items	 back	 into	 the
basket.	“She	won’t	have	gone	too	far.”
“Shall	we	wait?”
Eleanor	considered	briefly	before	shaking	her	head.	“There’s	no	point	all	of	us	getting
wet.	You	take	the	others	home.	Make	sure	Clemmie	stays	out	of	the	rain.”
After	seeing	off	the	girls	with	stern	instructions	not	to	dawdle,	Eleanor	started	towards
the	copse.	She	called	for	Edwina,	but	the	wind	was	strong	and	her	words	were	whipped
away.	She	walked	quickly,	stopping	every	so	often	to	survey	the	horizon,	to	call	and	listen,
but	there	came	no	bark	of	reply.

It	was	becoming	very	dark,	very	quickly,	and	with	each	minute	that	passed,	Eleanor’s
anxiety	grew.	Edwina	would	be	frightened,	she	knew.	At	home,	when	it	rained,	the	old	dog
flew	straight	for	her	bed	behind	the	curtain	in	the	library,	tail	between	her	legs	and	paws
over	her	eyes	as	she	waited	out	the	worst.
An	enormous	detonation	of	thunder	filled	the	valley;	the	storm	clouds	were	right	above
her	 now.	 The	 last	 patch	 of	 light	 sky	 had	 been	 absorbed	 by	 the	 tumultuous	 gloom,	 and
without	 hesitation,	 Eleanor	 climbed	 through	 the	 kissing	 gate	 and	 started	 across	 the	 next
field.	A	great	swirl	of	wind	encircled	her	and	lightning	tore	open	the	sky.	As	the	first	fat
drops	began	to	fall,	she	cupped	her	hands	and	called	again,	“Edwina!”	but	her	voice	was
swept	up	into	the	storm	and	there	came	no	reply.
Thunder	rolled	across	the	plain	and	Eleanor	was	drenched	within	minutes.	The	fabric	of
her	dress	slapped	against	her	legs	and	she	had	to	squint	to	see	through	the	sheen	of	heavy
rain.	There	was	a	tremendous	crack	as	a	shard	of	lightning	hit	nearby,	and	despite	her	fear
for	Edwina,	Eleanor	felt	a	surge	of	curious	excitement.	The	storm,	its	danger,	the	driving
rain,	all	combined	to	wash	away	the	veneer	of	Mother.	She	was	Eleanor	again	out	here,
Eleanor	the	Adventuress.	Free.
She	reached	the	top	of	a	hill	and	there	at	the	bottom,	standing	on	the	edge	of	the	stream,
was	 a	 small	 Gypsy	 caravan,	 burgundy	 in	 color,	 with	 faded	 yellow	 wheels.	 She	 knew
whose	 it	 was	 and	 went	 towards	 it	 with	 a	 shiver	 of	 recognition.	 The	 caravan	 was	 empty
now,	 faded	 curtains	 drawn	 across	 the	 windows.	 It	 was	 in	 a	 state	 of	 some	 disrepair,	 but
beneath	the	peeling	paint	she	made	out	a	trace	of	the	old	floral	design	that	must	once	have
adorned	it.	She	wondered	vaguely	where	he	was	now.	What	it	must	be	like	to	live	one’s
life	 in	 such	 a	 way.	 Free	 to	 travel,	 to	 explore,	 to	 flee.	 She	 envied	 him	 for	 enjoying	 such
liberty,	 and	 it	 expressed	 itself	 in	 that	 moment	 as	 a	 curious	 anger	 with	 him.	 Madness,
because	 of	 course	 he	 owed	 her	 nothing.	 It	 was	 only	 the	 strength	 of	 her	 imaginings	 that
fueled	her	sense	she’d	been	betrayed.
Eleanor	had	almost	reached	the	stream	and	was	debating	whether	to	follow	it	towards
Loeanneth	or	cross	to	the	other	side,	when	she	glanced	at	the	caravan	and	stopped	in	her
tracks.	A	set	of	rudimentary	wooden	stairs	led	up	to	a	landing,	and	there,	as	dry	as	could
be,	was	Edwina.	Eleanor	burst	out	laughing.	“Why,	you	clever	old	girl!	Fancy	you	sitting
up	there,	nice	and	dry,	when	I’m	completely	drenched.”
Relief	 was	 instant	 and	 immense.	 She	 raced	 up	 the	 stairs,	 kneeling	 to	 cup	 the	 old
retriever’s	dear	face	in	her	hands.	“You	gave	me	such	a	scare,”	she	said.	“I	thought	you
must’ve	 been	 stuck	 somewhere.	 Are	 you	 hurt?”	 She	 checked	 the	 dog’s	 legs	 for	 injuries
and	then,	with	wonder,	took	in	more	of	the	precarious	narrow	landing.	“But	how	on	earth
did	you	get	yourself	up	here?”
She	 didn’t	 notice	 the	 caravan	 door	 opening.	 The	 first	 she	 knew	 he	 was	 there	 was	 his
voice.	 “I	 helped	 her,”	 he	 said.	 “I	 heard	 her	 fretting	 beneath	 the	 caravan	 when	 the	 storm
started	and	thought	she’d	be	more	comfortable	up	here.”	His	dark	tangle	of	hair	was	wet
and	he	was	wearing	only	an	undershirt	with	his	trousers.	“I	invited	her	in	but	she	wanted
to	stay	outside.	I	suspect	she	was	watching	for	you.”
Eleanor	 could	 think	 of	 nothing	 to	 say.	 It	 was	 the	 shock	 of	 seeing	 him.	 He	 wasn’t
supposed	 to	 be	 here	 anymore.	 He	 was	 supposed	 to	 have	 moved	 on,	 to	 be	 working

elsewhere.	His	post,	those	letters	from	the	people	he	cared	enough	to	know,	was	meant	to
be	finding	him	somewhere	new.	And	yet,	it	was	more	than	that,	too.	A	sensation	similar	to
déjà	vu	but	far	more	potent.	An	inexplicable	impression,	encouraged	perhaps	by	the	wild
weather,	the	strangeness	of	the	day,	that	he	was	here	because	she	had	conjured	him.	That
there	was	an	inevitability	to	this	moment,	this	meeting	here	and	now,	that	everything	had
always	been	leading	to	this.	She	didn’t	know	what	to	do,	what	to	say.	She	glanced	over	her
shoulder.	The	weather	was	still	foul.	A	tempest	in	the	field.	She	felt	herself	in	no-man’sland,	neither	fully	here	nor	there,	perched	on	a	narrow	bridge	between	two	worlds.	And
then	 he	 spoke	 again	 and	 the	 bridge	 crumbled	 beneath	 her.	 “I	 was	 just	 about	 to	 light	 the
fire,”	he	said.	“Would	you	like	to	come	inside	and	wait	for	the	storm	to	pass?”

26
LONDON,	2003

Sometime	after	Sadie	Sparrow	had	left,	the	keys	to	Loeanneth	tucked	safely	in	her	bag,
Alice	went	out	into	the	back	garden.	It	was	coming	on	for	dusk,	and	a	melancholy	stillness
had	 fallen	 with	 the	 shade.	 She	 followed	 the	 overgrown	 brick	 path,	 noting	 odd	 jobs	 that
would	 need	 to	 be	 undertaken	 in	 the	 coming	 weeks.	 There	 were	 a	 lot	 of	 them.	 Alice
preferred	 a	 garden	 with	 personality,	 but	 there	 was	 a	 difference	 between	 character	 and
chaos.	The	problem	was,	she	didn’t	get	out	into	the	garden	nearly	often	enough.	She	used
to	love	being	outdoors,	back	in	the	time	of	before.
A	tangle	of	star	jasmine	spilled	across	the	path	and	Alice	knelt	to	pluck	a	sprig,	holding
it	 beneath	 her	 nose	 and	 breathing	 in	 the	 scent	 of	 captured	 sunshine.	 On	 a	 whim,	 she
unlaced	her	shoes.	A	delicate	iron	chair	stood	in	a	nook	beside	the	camellia,	and	she	sat,
slipping	 her	 feet	 free	 and	 peeling	 off	 her	 socks,	 wiggling	 her	 toes	 in	 the	 surprise	 of	 the
balmy	air.	A	late	butterfly	hovered	at	a	nearby	rosebush,	and	Alice	thought,	as	always,	of
her	father.	All	her	life	he’d	been	a	devoted	amateur	scientist;	never	had	she	imagined	he’d
wished	for	anything	other	than	that	which	he’d	had.	She’d	known	that	once,	in	the	longago	past,	he’d	trained	and	aspired	to	practice	medicine,	but	that,	like	all	the	dreams	and
desires	 belonging	 to	 one’s	 parents,	 existed	 in	 a	 realm	 far	 less	 real	 than	 the	 bright,	 bold
present	 in	 which	 she	 moved.	 Now,	 though,	 she	 glimpsed	 how	 much	 the	 war	 had	 stolen
from	 him.	 Snatches	 of	 conversation	 came	 back	 to	 her,	 mumblings	 and	 curses	 about	 his
unsteady	 hands,	 his	 difficulty	 focusing,	 the	 memory	 games	 he’d	 used	 to	 play	 so	 keenly,
trying	to	keep	his	thoughts	in	order.
Alice	shifted	the	soles	of	her	feet	against	the	warm	bricks,	aware	of	each	pebble,	each
spent	 flower	 beneath	 them.	 Her	 skin	 was	 sensitive	 these	 days,	 not	 at	 all	 like	 the	 playhardened	feet	of	her	childhood.	During	the	long	summers	at	Loeanneth	they’d	gone	weeks
without	shoes,	having	to	scurry	to	find	them	when	Mother	announced	a	trip	into	town.	The
mad	dash	around	the	house,	crouching	to	check	under	beds,	behind	doors,	beneath	stairs,
and	 then	 the	 final,	 triumphant	 discovery.	 The	 memory	 was	 so	 vivid	 Alice	 could	 almost
touch	it.
She	sighed	heavily.	Giving	Sadie	Sparrow	the	keys	to	Loeanneth	had	awakened	in	her	a
long-repressed	 sadness.	 When	 her	 mother	 died	 and	 she	 inherited	 the	 house,	 Alice	 had
tucked	 those	 keys	 away	 and	 promised	 herself	 she’d	 never	 go	 back.	 A	 small	 part	 of	 her,
though,	 had	 known	 the	 promise	 to	 be	 temporary,	 had	 known	 that	 of	 course	 she	 must
change	her	mind;	Loeanneth	was	home,	her	beloved	home.
But	 she	 hadn’t	 changed	 her	 mind,	 and	 now	 it	 looked	 as	 if	 she	 never	 would.	 She	 had
given	 the	 keys	 and	 the	 task	 of	 sorting	 through	 her	 family’s	 secrets	 to	 somebody	 else,	 a
young	 detective	 who	 was	 keen	 but	 detachedly	 so,	 her	 interest	 in	 the	 crime’s	 solution

purely	 academic.	 It	 seemed	 somehow	 an	 ending,	 an	 admission	 that	 she,	 Alice,	 would
never	go	back	herself.
“Fancy	a	G-and-T?”
It	was	Peter,	a	crystal	jug	in	one	hand,	two	glasses	in	the	other.	Ice	cubes	clinking	like	a
prop	from	a	Noël	Coward	play.
Alice	smiled	with	more	relief	than	either	she	intended	or	he	expected.	“I	can’t	imagine
anything	I’d	fancy	more.”
They	 sat	 together	 at	 the	 wrought-iron	 table	 and	 he	 poured	 them	 each	 a	 gin.	 Citric,
astringent,	and	icy	cold,	it	was	just	what	Alice	needed.	They	made	conversation	about	the
garden	and	exchanged	pleasant	amiable	chatter,	which	proved	a	welcome	departure	from
her	recent	ruminations.	If	Peter	noticed	her	bare	feet	and	thought	it	an	alarming	break	with
protocol,	he	was	too	polite	to	say	so.	When	he’d	finished,	he	stood	and	tucked	his	chair
back	into	place.
“I	suppose	it’s	time	I	headed	for	home,”	he	said.	“Unless	there’s	anything	else	you’d
like	me	to	do?”
“Nothing	I	can	think	of	now.”
He	 nodded	 but	 didn’t	 leave,	 and	 it	 occurred	 to	 Alice	 that	 an	 expression	 of	 gratitude
wouldn’t	 go	 astray.	 “Thank	 you	 for	 today,	 Peter.	 For	 organizing	 the	 meeting	 with	 DC
Sparrow,	for	keeping	the	wheels	turning	while	she	was	here.”
“Of	course,	don’t	mention	it.”	He	grabbed	at	an	errant	tendril	of	ivy	and	turned	the	leaf
back	and	forth	in	his	fingers.	“The	meeting	was	fruitful,	I	hope?”
“I	think	it	was.”
“Good,”	he	said.	“That’s	good	news.”	Still,	he	didn’t	leave.
“Peter?”
“Alice.”
“You’re	still	here.”
He	sighed	determinedly.	“I’m	just	going	to	say	it.”
“Please.”
“Now	that	the	website’s	finished,	I	wonder	if	I	might	have	some	time	off,	if	you	might
be	able	to	spare	me	from	my	usual	tasks	for	a	while.”
Alice	was	taken	aback.	Peter	had	never	asked	for	time	off	before	and	her	instinct	was	to
refuse	the	request.	She	didn’t	want	to	spare	him.	She	was	used	to	him.	She	liked	having
him	around.	“I	see.”
“There’s	something	important—something	I’d	like	very	much	to	do.”
Alice	looked	at	his	face	and	was	struck	by	a	sudden	flash	of	self-awareness.	The	poor
boy	 had	 never	 asked	 for	 anything,	 he	 did	 everything	 she	 asked	 without	 complaint,	 he
boiled	her	eggs	precisely	as	she	liked	them,	and	here	she	was	making	things	difficult	for
him.	What	a	crosspatch	she’d	become.	How	had	this	happened	to	her?	She,	who	had	once

been	 filled	 with	 boundless	 joy,	 who	 had	 looked	 at	 the	 world	 as	 a	 place	 of	 unlimited
possibilities.	 Was	 this	 what	 had	 happened	 to	 Eleanor?	 Alice	 swallowed	 and	 said,	 “How
long	do	you	think	you’ll	need?”
He	smiled,	his	relief	an	indictment.	“I	imagine	three	or	four	days	should	do	it,	including
the	weekend.”
It	was	on	the	tip	of	her	tongue	to	snap,	Should	do	what?	but	Alice	caught	the	words	in
time.	She	forced	her	face	into	the	most	pleasant	smile	she	could	manage.	“Four	days	it	is.
I’ll	see	you	back	here	Wednesday.”
“Actually	.	.	.”
“Peter?”
“I	was	hoping	you	might	come	with	me.”
Her	eyes	widened.	“On	a	holiday?”
Peter	laughed.	“Not	exactly.	I	think	we	should	go	to	Cornwall,	to	Loeanneth.	Not	to	get
underfoot	while	DC	Sparrow	is	carrying	out	her	investigation,	just	to	be	there.	You	could
oversee,	and	I	could	help	with	the	diaries	and	letters.	Reading	between	the	lines,	textual
analysis—that’s	what	I	do.”
He	was	watching	her	keenly,	waiting	for	a	reaction.	An	hour	before	she’d	have	said	no,
definitely	 not,	 but	 now	 the	 words	 wouldn’t	 come.	 While	 they’d	 been	 drinking	 their	 gin
and	talking,	there’d	drifted	on	the	afternoon	breeze	a	familiar	garden	smell	of	sodden	dirt
and	 mushroom,	 and	 Alice	 had	 experienced	 an	 unexpected	 jolt	 of	 memory	 and	 longing.
There	 was	 something	 at	 Loeanneth	 that	 she	 wanted,	 she	 realized,	 an	 emblem	 of	 the	 girl
she’d	 used	 to	 be,	 of	 the	 guilt	 and	 shame	 she’d	 felt	 for	 all	 these	 years,	 and	 suddenly	 she
needed	it	more	than	anything	she’d	needed	in	a	very	long	time.	She	had	a	sense	that	if	she
were	even	to	begin	putting	things	behind	her,	she	would	have	to	get	it	back.
And	yet.	To	return	to	Loeanneth.	She’d	promised	herself	she	wouldn’t.	.	.	.
She	simply	couldn’t	decide.	That	fact	in	and	of	itself	was	disturbing:	Alice	Edevane	did
not	suffer	indecision.	She	couldn’t	help	but	feel	that	things	were	starting	to	unravel,	that
she	was	losing	her	grasp	on	the	weave;	moreover,	that	relinquishing	her	grip	might	not	be
such	a	bad	thing.
Peter	was	still	standing	there.
“I	don’t	know,”	Alice	said	at	last.	“I	just	don’t	know.”
Alice	stayed	in	the	garden	for	another	hour	after	Peter	left.	She	drank	a	second	gin,	and
then	 a	 third,	 and	 listened	 as	 her	 neighbors	 went	 about	 the	 reassuring	 business	 of	 their
evening	routines,	as	the	traffic	built	and	then	began	to	thin	on	the	street	beyond,	as	the	last
of	 the	 day’s	 fraternizing	 birds	 sought	 shelter.	 It	 was	 one	 of	 those	 perfect	 summery
evenings,	when	everything	was	at	its	zenith.	One	of	nature’s	tipping	points.	The	air	was
heady	 with	 fragrance,	 the	 sky	 was	 graded	 from	 pink	 to	 mauve	 to	 navy,	 and	 despite	 the
things	she’d	learned	in	recent	days,	Alice	was	visited	by	a	sense	of	enormous	peace.
When	she	did	finally	venture	inside,	she	saw	that	Peter	had	left	her	dinner	on	the	stove.

The	table	was	laid	with	her	favorite	setting	and	a	note	with	instructions	on	how	long	to
heat	the	soup	had	been	propped	against	the	utensil	holder	by	the	cooker.	Apparently	Alice
had	given	a	very	convincing	impression	of	ineptitude.	She	wasn’t	hungry	yet,	and	decided
to	 read	 for	 a	 time	 instead.	 In	 the	 sitting	 room,	 though,	 she	 found	 herself	 holding	 the
photograph	 of	 her	 family	 enjoying	 that	 long-ago	 picnic	 at	 Loeanneth.	 Just	 before
everything	broke.	Though	of	course,	she	reminded	herself,	it	had	already	been	broken	by
then.
She	studied	her	mother’s	face.	Eleanor	had	been	thirty-eight	years	old	in	1933,	ancient
to	 the	 mind	 of	 a	 sixteen-year-old,	 but	 from	 where	 Alice	 sat	 now	 a	 mere	 child.	 She	 had
been	beautiful,	her	features	striking,	but	Alice	wondered	how	she’d	missed	the	sadness	in
her	mother’s	expression.	Looking	back	with	knowledge	of	the	never-ending	trial	Eleanor
had	 suffered	 as	 she	 looked	 after	 Daddy,	 kept	 his	 condition	 to	 herself,	 absorbed	 his
disappointments	as	her	own,	Alice	could	see	it	clearly.	In	a	way	it	made	her	mother	even
more	attractive.	There	was	a	guardedness	in	her	pose,	a	haunting	aspect	to	her	penetrating
gaze,	 and	 a	 weight	 in	 her	 brow,	 of	 endurance	 or	 perhaps	 defiance.	 She	 was	 fragile	 and
strong	and	bewitching.	Little	wonder	Ben	had	fallen	in	love	with	her.
Alice	set	down	the	photograph.	Clemmie	had	been	distraught	when	she	told	Deborah
what	 she’d	 seen.	 “She	 was	 twelve	 and	 a	 half,”	 Deborah	 said,	 “but	 young	 for	 her	 age.
Loath	 to	 leave	 childhood	 behind	 her.	 And,	 of	 course,	 it	 was	 Mother.”	 Alice	 could	 just
picture	her	little	sister	climbing	onto	the	wooden	porch	of	the	boathouse,	pressing	her	arm
up	 hard	 against	 the	 glass,	 leaning	 her	 forehead	 on	 the	 back	 of	 her	 hand	 as	 she	 looked
through	the	window.	How	confused	she	must	have	been	to	see	Mother	and	Ben	together
like	that.	And	how	devastated	Daddy	must	have	been	when	he	found	out.	Deborah,	too.	“I
thought	I’d	hate	Mother	forever	after	Clemmie	told	me,”	she’d	agreed,	when	Alice	said	as
much.
“But	you	didn’t.”
“How	 could	 I	 after	 what	 happened	 to	 Theo?	 His	 loss	 rather	 dwarfed	 her	 infidelity,
wouldn’t	 you	 say?	 I	 suppose	 I	 felt	 she’d	 been	 punished	 enough	 and	 my	 sympathy
outweighed	my	anger.	Besides,	she	recommitted	herself	to	Daddy	after	it	all	happened.	I
figured	if	he	could	forgive	her,	then	I	could,	too.”
“What	about	Clemmie?”
Deborah	shook	her	head.	“It	was	never	easy	to	know	what	Clemmie	thought.	We	didn’t
discuss	it	again.	I	tried	once	or	twice	but	she	looked	at	me	as	if	I	were	speaking	gibberish.
She	 was	 so	 devoted	 to	 her	 flying.	 It	 sometimes	 seemed	 she	 managed	 to	 soar	 above	 the
ordinary	human	tangles	that	ensnared	the	rest	of	us.”
Had	 she,	 though?	 Suddenly	 the	 ongoing	 distance	 between	 Clemmie	 and	 their	 mother
was	 cast	 in	 a	 new	 light.	 Alice	 had	 always	 presumed	 it	 simply	 an	 aspect	 of	 Clemmie’s
rebellious,	 loner	 nature;	 she’d	 never	 guessed,	 not	 even	 for	 a	 moment,	 that	 something	 so
specific,	so	traumatic,	lay	beneath.
And	what	about	me?	 Alice	 managed	 not	 to	 say.	 Instead,	 rather	 more	 lightly	 than	 she
felt,	“I	have	to	wonder	why	you	didn’t	tell	me	earlier.	Not	about	the	affair,	I	don’t	mean
that,	I	mean	all	of	it.	Daddy,	his	shell	shock,	Theo.”

Deborah’s	lips	quivered	in	their	firm	line.	“We	all	loved	Daddy,	but	you,	Alice—you
idolized	him.	I	didn’t	want	to	be	the	one	to	take	that	from	you.”	She	tried	to	laugh	but	the
sound	 was	 tinny.	 “Goodness,	 that	 makes	 it	 sound	 as	 if	 my	 decision	 were	 noble	 and	 it
wasn’t.	It	wasn’t	that	at	all.”	She	sighed.	“I	didn’t	tell	you,	Alice,	because	I	knew	you’d
blame	me	for	triggering	Daddy’s	rage.	I	knew	you’d	blame	me,	I	knew	you’d	be	right	and
I	just	couldn’t	bear	it.”
She’d	wept	then,	guilt	and	grief	combined,	admitting	that	she’d	wondered	sometimes
whether	her	own	trouble	conceiving	had	been	punishment	for	what	she’d	done,	but	Alice
had	 reassured	 her.	 For	 one	 thing,	 the	 cosmos	 did	 not	 work	 that	 way;	 for	 another,	 her
reaction	 was	 entirely	 understandable.	 She’d	 felt	 a	 burning	 loyalty	 to	 Daddy	 and	 a	 fierce
anger	towards	Mother.	She	couldn’t	have	known	the	terrible	events	she’d	set	in	train.
So	 many	 pieces	 of	 the	 puzzle,	 and	 everybody	 holding	 different	 fragments.	 The	 only
person	who’d	known	it	all	had	been	Eleanor,	and	she	hadn’t	been	talking.	Sadie	Sparrow
had	been	mystified	as	to	how	Eleanor	could	possibly	have	forgiven	her	husband	for	what
he	did.	The	unspoken	question	had	pulsed	behind	their	conversation:	Didn’t	she	love	her
baby?	But	Mother	had	adored	Theo.	No	one	who	knew	her	could	have	thought	otherwise.
She’d	 grieved	 for	 the	 rest	 of	 her	 life,	 returning	 to	 Loeanneth	 each	 year,	 yet	 she’d	 never
taken	it	out	on	Daddy.	“Love	keeps	no	record	of	wrongs,”	Eleanor	had	told	Deborah	on
the	 night	 before	 her	 wedding,	 and	 in	 her	 case	 it	 had	 been	 true.	 She’d	 had	 an	 additional
reason	 for	 standing	 by	 her	 husband,	 too.	 DC	 Sparrow	 might	 have	 had	 difficulty
comprehending,	but	Alice	knew	it	was	because	her	mother	believed	she	was	at	fault.	That
everything	that	happened	was	a	punishment	for	having	made	a	promise	to	Daddy	and	then
failed	him.
Alice	glanced	again	at	the	photograph.	She	wondered	how	long	her	mother’s	affair	with
Ben	 had	 lasted.	 Had	 it	 been	 a	 brief	 tryst,	 or	 had	 they	 come	 to	 love	 one	 another?	 When
Deborah	first	told	her,	Alice	had	been	embarrassed.	Her	thoughts	had	gone	immediately	to
the	 boathouse	 on	 the	 afternoon	 Ben	 rejected	 her.	 She’d	 asked	 him	 whether	 there	 was
someone	else	and	the	tenderness	in	his	face	had	told	her	that	there	was.	It	hadn’t,	however,
told	her	who.
She’d	 imagined	 the	 two	 of	 them	 laughing	 at	 her	 behind	 her	 back	 and	 felt	 incredibly
stupid.	 But	 Alice	 no	 longer	 felt	 foolish.	 The	 potent	 emotions	 of	 days	 ago	 had	 faded	 to
mere	shadows	of	themselves.	She’d	been	a	child	of	fifteen	when	they	met,	precocious	but
naïve,	 and	 she’d	 fallen	 in	 love	 with	 the	 first	 older	 man	 who	 showed	 an	 interest	 in	 her,
mistaking	his	kindness	for	a	love	returned.	It	was	a	simple	story	and	she	forgave	herself
her	 youth.	 She	 knew,	 too,	 that	 her	 mother	 would	 never	 have	 laughed	 at	 her.	 On	 the
contrary,	she	could	see	now	why	Eleanor	had	been	so	vexed,	so	insistent,	when	she	tried	to
warn	Alice	against	growing	attached	to	someone	so	“unsuitable.”
Neither	was	Alice	jealous	that	Ben	had	chosen	Eleanor	instead	of	her.	How	could	she
envy	her	mother,	who	had	suffered	and	lost	so	much?	Who’d	been	so	much	younger	then
than	Alice	was	now,	who’d	been	dead	herself	almost	six	decades.	It	would	be	like	envying
one’s	 own	 child,	 or	 the	 character	 in	 a	 book	 one	 read	 a	 long	 time	 ago.	 No,	 Alice	 wasn’t
jealous,	 she	 was	 sad.	 Not	 nostalgic;	 there	 was	 nothing	 general	 or	 inexplicable	 about	 her
emotion.	She	was	sad	that	her	mother	had	borne	it	alone.	It	occurred	to	Alice	now,	as	she
stared	at	her	mother’s	long-ago	face,	that	perhaps	that	had	been	the	attraction.	Ben	was	a

kind	man,	gentle,	engaging,	and	free	of	the	ties	of	responsibility	that	must	have	seemed	at
times	to	Eleanor	an	unendurable	burden.
Alice’s	focus	shifted	to	her	father,	sitting	on	the	edge	of	the	picnic	blanket	at	the	back
of	the	group.	There	was	a	stone	wall	behind	him,	and	it	struck	Alice	as	she	looked	at	the
photograph	 that	 her	 father	 had	 always	 seemed	 as	 sure	 and	 stable	 to	 her	 as	 those	 ancient
stone	 walls	 that	 crossed	 the	 fields	 of	 Loeanneth.	 Deborah	 had	 said	 Alice	 idolized	 him.
She’d	certainly	loved	him	specially,	and	she’d	wanted	him	to	love	her	in	return.	But	then,
they	all	had,	they’d	all	competed	for	his	affection.
Now,	 she	 took	 in	 every	 detail	 of	 his	 familiar	 face,	 trying	 to	 see	 beyond	 the	 beloved
features	 to	 the	 secrets	 beneath.	 Alice	 knew	 a	 little	 about	 shell	 shock,	 the	 same	 things
everybody	 knew,	 about	 tremors	 and	 bad	 dreams	 and	 damaged	 men	 who	 cowered	 when
they	heard	loud	noises.	But	Deborah	had	said	it	wasn’t	like	that	for	Daddy.	His	ability	to
concentrate	 had	 suffered,	 and	 his	 hands	 had	 shaken	 sometimes,	 too	 much	 to	 resume	 his
training	 as	 a	 surgeon;	 however,	 it	 was	 something	 else	 that	 plagued	 him,	 one	 particular
experience	rather	than	a	general	weight	of	horrors.	A	battlefield	ordeal	that	had,	in	turn,
had	devastating	consequences	for	their	peacetime	family.
Alice’s	 gaze	 fell	 then,	 as	 it	 must,	 to	 Theo.	 Sitting	 at	 Mother’s	 feet,	 a	 beguiling	 smile
lighting	his	face	as	he	reached	an	arm	towards	Clemmie.	His	toy	puppy	dangled	from	his
hand,	and	to	the	uninitiated	it	might	have	looked	as	if	he	were	making	a	gift	of	it	to	his
sister.	But	Theo	never	would	have	given	Puppy	away,	not	willingly.	What	had	happened	to
the	little	toy?	Puppy’s	whereabouts	were	of	little	consequence	really	in	the	grand	scheme
of	 things,	 but	 still	 Alice	 wondered.	 It	 was	 the	 novelist	 in	 her,	 she	 supposed,	 always
seeking	 to	 square	 away	 the	 smallest	 details.	 Larger	 questions	 remained,	 too.	 From	 the
most	 basic—How	 had	 it	 happened?	 When	 did	 Daddy	 realize	 what	 he’d	 done?	 How	 did
Mother	find	out?—to	the	most	pressing,	as	far	as	Alice	was	concerned:	What	on	earth	had
happened	to	her	father	to	make	him	react	in	such	a	way?	Alice	would	have	given	anything
to	go	back	to	talk	to	her	mother	and	father,	to	ask	them	plainly,	but	all	that	remained	was
to	hope	that	answers	lay	in	the	papers	at	Loeanneth.
She	had	entrusted	Sadie	Sparrow	to	find	them,	but	it	seemed	clear	to	Alice	now	that	she
couldn’t	just	sit	idly	by.	She	had	made	a	promise	to	herself	never	to	go	back	to	Loeanneth,
but	suddenly	it	was	the	very	thing	she	wanted	more	than	anything	else	in	the	world.	She
stood	abruptly,	paced	across	the	library,	fanned	her	warm	face.	Go	back	to	Loeanneth	.	.	.
Peter	had	said	she	only	needed	to	call	and	say	the	word	.	.	.	was	she	really	going	to	allow
herself	 to	 be	 held	 to	 a	 commitment	 made	 in	 the	 full	 heat	 of	 youth	 and	 uncertainty	 and
fear?
Alice	glanced	at	the	phone	and	her	hand	quivered.

27
CORNWALL,	1932

He	led	a	blessed	life.	That’s	what	made	it	so	much	worse.	He	had	a	wife	whom	he	loved,
three	daughters	whose	innocence	and	goodness	brought	light	into	his	life,	and	now	there
was	going	to	be	another	baby.	He	lived	in	a	beautiful	house	with	a	rambling	garden,	on	the
edge	of	a	great,	lush	wood.	Birds	sang	in	his	trees	and	squirrels	built	their	stores	and	trout
grew	fat	in	his	stream.	It	was	so	much	more	than	he	deserved.	Millions	of	men	had	lost
their	chance	of	a	normal	life,	had	died	in	the	mud	and	the	madness;	men	who	would	have
given	 everything	 for	 what	 he	 had.	 But	 while	 they	 were	 dead	 and	 forgotten,	 Anthony’s
blessings	kept	rolling	in.
He	rounded	the	lake	and	stopped	when	the	boathouse	came	into	view.	It	would	always
be	a	special	place.	Such	simple	days	back	then,	before	the	war,	when	the	house	was	being
restored	and	he	and	Eleanor	had	camped	by	the	stream.	He	wasn’t	sure	he’d	ever	been	as
happy	since.	Things	had	been	so	certain.	He’d	had	purpose	and	ability	and	the	confidence
that	came	with	being	young	and	whole,	untested.	He	thought	he	could	honestly	say	he’d
been	a	good	man	then.	Life	had	seemed	like	a	straight	road	that	lay	ahead,	just	waiting	for
them	to	walk	it.
When	the	war	ended	and	he	came	home,	Anthony	had	spent	a	great	deal	of	time	down
at	the	boathouse:	sometimes	he’d	just	sat	and	watched	the	stream,	other	times	he’d	read
over	old	letters;	there	were	days	when	he’d	simply	slept.	He’d	been	so	tired.	Sometimes	he
thought	he’d	never	wake;	plenty	of	days	he’d	have	been	happy	not	to;	but	he	did,	time	and
again	he	did,	and	with	Eleanor’s	help	he	set	up	his	study	in	the	attic	of	the	house,	and	the
boathouse	passed	to	the	girls.	It	had	become	a	child’s	place	for	play	and	adventure,	and
now	 it	 served	 as	 accommodation	 for	 staff.	 The	 thought	 pleased	 him;	 Anthony	 pictured
layers	 of	 time	 and	 usage,	 yesterday’s	 ghosts	 making	 way	 for	 today’s	 players.	 Buildings
were	so	much	bigger	than	one	man’s	life,	and	wasn’t	that	a	happy	thing?	It	was	what	he
liked	 most	 about	 the	 woods	 and	 fields	 of	 Loeanneth.	 Generations	 had	 walked	 them,
worked	them,	and	been	buried	beneath	them.	There	was	much	solace	to	be	gained	from
the	permanence	of	nature.	Even	the	woods	at	Menin	would	be	grown	back	now.	Hard	to
imagine,	but	it	must	be	so.	Did	flowers	grow	on	Howard’s	grave?
He	 thought	 sometimes	 of	 the	 people	 they’d	 met	 in	 France.	 He	 tried	 not	 to,	 but	 they
appeared	 in	 his	 mind’s	 eye	 of	 their	 own	 accord,	 the	 villagers	 and	 farmers	 whose	 homes
had	 sat	 in	 the	 midst	 of	 war.	 Were	 they	 still	 there,	 he	 wondered,	 Monsieur	 Durand	 and
Madame	Fournier,	the	countless	others	who’d	billeted	them,	happily	or	otherwise,	along
the	 way?	 When	 the	 Armistice	 was	 signed	 and	 the	 guns	 were	 put	 away,	 did	 the	 people
whose	 lives	 they’d	 disrupted,	 whose	 homes	 and	 farms	 they’d	 destroyed,	 begin	 the	 long,
slow	process	of	repair?	He	supposed	they	must	have.	Where	else	would	they	have	gone?

Anthony	skirted	around	the	hedge	and	set	off	towards	the	woods.	Alice	had	wanted	to
come	 with	 him	 today,	 but	 Eleanor	 had	 told	 her	 no	 and	 invented	 a	 task	 to	 keep	 her	 busy
instead.	His	wife	had	become	expert	over	the	years	at	reading	his	moods;	there	were	times
when	 it	 seemed	 she	 knew	 him	 better	 than	 he	 knew	 himself.	 Lately,	 though,	 things	 were
slipping.	Ever	since	Eleanor	told	him	about	the	new	baby,	things	had	been	getting	worse.
It	worried	him.	She’d	thought	the	news	would	make	him	happy,	and	in	some	ways	it	did;
but	 more	 and	 more	 often,	 he	 found	 his	 thoughts	 drawn	 to	 that	 barn	 on	 Mme	 Fournier’s
farm.	He	heard	phantom	crying	in	the	night,	a	child’s	cries,	and	every	time	the	dog	barked
he	had	to	stand	very	still	and	quiet	and	tell	himself	that	everything	was	all	right,	that	it	was
only	in	his	head.	As	if	that	made	things	better.
A	flock	of	birds	cut	swift	across	the	sky	and	Anthony	shivered.	For	a	split	second	he
was	 there	 on	 the	 ground	 behind	 the	 milking	 shed	 in	 France,	 his	 shoulder	 smarting	 from
where	Howard	had	punched	him.	He	screwed	his	eyes	tight	shut	and	counted	five	breaths
before	opening	them	a	crack	and	letting	the	light	flood	back	in.	He	concentrated	on	seeing
only	 the	 wide,	 open	 fields	 of	 Loeanneth,	 Alice’s	 swing,	 the	 last	 gate	 that	 led	 from	 the
meadows	to	the	woods.	Slowly,	determinedly,	he	started	walking	towards	it.
It	was	just	as	well	he’d	come	alone	today.	Eleanor	had	been	right.	He	was	becoming
unpredictable.	He	was	worried	about	what	he	might	do	without	realizing	it,	what	the	girls
might	see	or	hear.	And	they	mustn’t	know	what	he’d	done,	what	he	was;	he	couldn’t	bear
for	 them	 to	 know	 that.	 Even	 worse,	 if	 they	 were	 ever	 to	 glimpse	 the	 thing	 he’d	 almost
done,	the	monstrous	line	he’d	nearly	crossed.
The	other	night	he’d	been	woken	by	a	noise	in	the	dark	of	the	bedroom	he	shared	with
Eleanor;	 he’d	 sat	 up	 in	 bed	 and	 felt	 something	 in	 the	 shadowy	 corner	 near	 the	 curtains.
Someone.	 Anthony’s	 heart	 had	 been	 racing.	 “What	 is	 it?”	 he’d	 hissed.	 “What	 do	 you
want?”
The	 man	 had	 walked	 slowly	 towards	 him	 and	 when	 he	 stepped	 through	 a	 spill	 of
moonlight,	Anthony	had	seen	that	it	was	Howard.
“I’m	going	to	be	a	father,”	he	was	saying.	“I’m	going	to	be	a	father,	Anthony,	just	like
you.”
Anthony	had	screwed	his	eyes	shut	and	blocked	his	ears	so	that	his	hands	shook	against
his	temples.	The	next	thing	he	knew	Eleanor	was	awake	and	holding	him	and	the	bedside
lamp	was	on	and	Howard	was	gone.
He	 would	 be	 back,	 though;	 he	 always	 came	 back.	 And	 now,	 with	 a	 new	 baby	 on	 the
way,	there	was	no	chance	Anthony	could	keep	him	at	bay.
They’d	been	at	war	for	two	and	a	half	years.	Fighting	had	ground	down	at	the	front	and
they’d	 been	 rotating	 in	 a	 seemingly	 endless	 shuffle	 of	 frontline	 hostility	 followed	 by
billeting	back	from	the	line.	They	knew	the	town	of	Warloy-Baillon	and	her	people	well,
and	had	become	as	comfortable	as	was	possible	in	their	trench-warfare	limbo.	Word	had
passed	down	the	line,	though,	that	they	were	readying	for	a	big	push,	and	Anthony	was
glad;	the	sooner	they	won	this	bloody	thing,	the	sooner	they	could	all	go	home.

He	was	just	coming	off	his	last	day	away	from	the	trenches	and	was	sitting	at	the	oak
farm	table	in	the	kitchen	of	their	reluctant	billet,	M.	Durand,	enjoying	a	final	cup	of	tea
from	porcelain	instead	of	tin	as	he	reread	Eleanor’s	latest	letter.	She’d	sent	a	photograph	of
Deborah	 and	 the	 new	 baby,	 Alice,	 a	 dear,	 fat	 little	 thing	 with	 a	 surprisingly	 fierce	 and
determined	 air	 about	 her.	 After	 one	 last	 look	 he	 tucked	 the	 photo	 carefully	 in	 his	 jacket
pocket.
The	 letter,	 written	 on	 the	 ivy-rimmed	 paper	 he’d	 given	 her,	 was	 exactly	 what	 he’d
asked	 for:	 story	 after	 story	 of	 a	 life	 he	 was	 beginning	 to	 feel	 had	 only	 ever	 existed	 in
fiction.	Was	there	really	a	house	called	Loeanneth,	a	lake	with	ducks	and	an	island	in	its
center,	and	a	stream	that	tripped	and	swirled	through	the	bottom	gardens?	Did	two	little
English	girls	called	Deborah	and	Alice	spend	their	mornings	in	a	kitchen	garden	planted
by	their	parents,	making	themselves	ill	eating	far	too	many	strawberries?	They	were	both
rather	poorly	afterwards,	Eleanor	had	written,	but	what	is	one	to	do?	They’re	a	couple	of
little	sneaks	when	it	comes	to	their	garden	raids.	Deborah	keeps	them	in	her	pockets	and
feeds	 them	 to	 Alice	 when	 I’m	 not	 watching.	 I	 don’t	 know	 whether	 to	 be	 proud	 or	 cross!
And	even	when	I	do	suspect,	I	haven’t	the	heart	to	stop	them.	Is	there	anything	better	than
to	 pick	 fresh	 strawberries	 from	 the	 vine?	 To	 gobble	 them	 up	 and	 feel	 oneself	 dissolve
beneath	their	sweetness?	Oh	my,	but	the	nursery,	Anthony—those	sticky	little	fingers—it
smelled	like	warm	jam	for	days	afterwards!
Anthony	 looked	 up	 to	 see	 Howard	 at	 the	 kitchen	 door.	 Caught	 in	 a	 private,	 weak
moment,	 he	 folded	 the	 letter	 quickly	 and	 slipped	 it	 away	 with	 the	 photograph.	 “Ready
when	you	are,”	he	said,	collecting	his	hat	and	straightening	it	into	position.
Howard	sat	in	the	rustic	chair	on	the	other	side	of	the	table.
“You’re	not	ready,”	said	Anthony.
“I’m	not	going.”
“Not	going	where?”
“Back	to	the	Front.”
Anthony	frowned,	perplexed.	“Are	you	joking?	Are	you	ill?”
“Neither.	I’m	leaving,	deserting,	call	it	what	you	will.	I’m	going	away	with	Sophie.”
Anthony	was	not	often	speechless,	but	now	words	failed	him.	He	had	known	Howard
was	 sweet	 on	 M.	 Durand’s	 housekeeper.	 The	 poor	 girl	 had	 lost	 her	 husband	 in	 the	 first
weeks	 of	 the	 war.	 She	 was	 only	 eighteen	 and	 had	 a	 baby	 son,	 Louis,	 to	 care	 for,	 no
relatives	or	friends	left	in	the	village.	He	hadn’t	realized	how	far	things	had	progressed.
“We’re	in	love,”	Howard	said.	“I	know	it	sounds	ridiculous	at	a	time	like	this,	but	there
you	have	it.”
The	guns	were	never	quiet	here,	always	thumping	in	the	background.	They’d	become
used	 to	 the	 way	 the	 earth	 shook	 and	 cups	 and	 saucers	 rattled	 across	 the	 tabletop.	 They
were	good	now	at	ignoring	the	fact	that	each	rumble	meant	the	death	of	more	men.
Anthony	stilled	his	teacup	and	watched	as	the	surface	of	the	remaining	liquid	quivered.
“Love,”	 he	 repeated.	 It	 was	 such	 an	 odd	 word	 to	 hear	 spoken	 when	 they	 were	 all	 much

more	used	to	talking	about	rats	and	mud	and	bloodied	limbs.
“I’m	not	a	fighting	man,	Anthony.”
“We’re	all	fighting	men	now.”
“Not	me.	I’ve	been	lucky,	but	my	luck’s	going	to	run	out.”
“We	 need	 to	 finish	 what	 we	 started.	 If	 a	 man	 cannot	 be	 useful	 to	 his	 country,	 he	 is
better	dead.”
“That’s	rubbish.	I	don’t	know	that	I	ever	believed	it.	What	good	am	I	to	England?	I’m
of	far	more	use	to	Sophie	and	Louis	than	I	am	to	England.”
He	 pointed	 vaguely	 towards	 the	 window,	 and	 Anthony	 saw	 that	 Sophie	 and	 the	 baby
were	sitting	on	a	garden	seat	on	the	other	side	of	the	courtyard.	She	was	cooing	to	the	boy
—a	 lovely	 child,	 with	 big	 liquid	 brown	 eyes	 and	 a	 dimple	 in	 each	 cheek—who	 was
laughing	and	reaching	up	with	his	little	plump	hand	to	stroke	his	mother’s	face.
Anthony	 lowered	 his	 voice.	 “Look.	 I	 can	 arrange	 some	 leave.	 You	 can	 go	 back	 to
England	for	a	few	weeks.	Get	yourself	sorted	out.”
Howard	shook	his	head.	“I’m	not	going	back.”
“You	don’t	have	a	choice.”
“There’s	always	a	choice.	I’m	leaving	tonight.	We’re	leaving.”
“You’re	coming	back	with	me	now—that’s	an	order.”
“I	want	to	be	with	her.	I	want	a	shot	at	a	normal	life.	To	be	a	father.	To	be	a	husband.”
“You	can	be	all	those	things,	you	will;	 but	 you	 have	 to	 do	 it	 properly.	 You	 can’t	 just
walk	away.”
“I	wouldn’t	have	told	you,	but	you’re	more	than	a	friend.	You’re	a	brother.”
“I	can’t	let	you	do	this.”
“You	have	to.”
“We	both	know	what	happens	to	deserters.”
“They’d	have	to	catch	me	first.”
“They	will.”
Howard	 smiled	 sadly.	 “Anthony,	 old	 friend,	 I’m	 dead	 already	 out	 there.	 My	 soul	 is
dead,	and	my	body	will	soon	catch	up.”	He	stood,	pushing	his	chair	in	slowly,	carefully.
He	 left	 the	 farmhouse	 kitchen,	 whistling	 a	 song	 that	 Anthony	 hadn’t	 heard	 in	 years,	 a
dance	song	from	their	university	days.
The	whistle,	that	tune,	the	casual	way	in	which	his	friend	was	signing	his	own	death
warrant	.	.	.	All	the	ghastly	things	they’d	seen	and	done	together,	the	relentlessness	of	the
whole	undertaking,	everything	Anthony	had	suppressed	to	make	it	this	far—the	wretched
intensity	 with	 which	 he	 missed	 Eleanor	 and	 his	 girls,	 his	 baby	 Alice	 whom	 he’d	 never
even	met—now	threatened	to	overwhelm	him.
His	 thoughts	 blurred	 and	 he	 stood	 abruptly.	 He	 hurried	 out	 of	 the	 kitchen,	 across	 the

grassed	area,	along	the	paths	between	the	farm	buildings.	He	caught	up	with	Howard	in
the	alleyway	that	ran	behind	the	next-door	neighbor’s	milking	shed.	His	friend	was	at	the
far	end	and	Anthony	shouted,	“Hey!	Stop	there.”
Howard	didn’t	stop;	he	called	instead	over	his	shoulder,	“You’re	not	my	commanding
officer	anymore.”
Anthony	felt	fear	and	helplessness	and	anger	rise	up	inside	him	like	a	black	wave	that
wouldn’t	be	held	at	bay.	He	couldn’t	let	this	happen;	he	had	to	stop	it	somehow.
He	 began	 to	 run.	 He’d	 never	 been	 a	 violent	 man—he	 was	 training	 to	 be	 a	 doctor,	 a
healer—but	 now	 his	 heart	 pounded	 and	 blood	 surged	 through	 his	 veins	 and	 every	 bit	 of
rage	and	sorrow	and	frustration	he’d	felt	over	the	past	few	years	pulsed	beneath	his	skin.
He	leapt	when	he	got	close	to	Howard	and	pulled	him	down	onto	the	ground.
The	 two	 men	 rolled	 together,	 wrestling	 and	 scuffling,	 each	 trying	 to	 land	 a	 deciding
punch	 on	 the	 other,	 neither	 quite	 managing	 it.	 Howard	 was	 the	 first	 to	 make	 contact,
pushing	himself	back	to	gain	sufficient	distance	before	swinging	a	left	hook.	Anthony	felt
a	blaze	of	liquid	pain	dart	through	his	chest	and	shoulder.
Howard	 had	 been	 right,	 he	 wasn’t	 a	 fighting	 man,	 and	 neither	 was	 Anthony,	 and	 the
fracas	was	surprisingly	exhausting.	The	two	men	let	one	another	go,	falling	apart,	backs
flat	 on	 the	 ground,	 chests	 rising	 and	 falling	 as	 each	 struggled	 to	 catch	 his	 breath,	 the
momentary	madness	over.
“Oh,	God,”	Howard	said	at	last.	“I’m	sorry.	Are	you	hurt?”
Anthony	shook	his	head.	He	stared	up	at	the	sky,	more	dazzling	somehow	for	his	lack
of	breath.	“Bloody	hell,	Howard.”
“I	told	you,	I’m	sorry.”
“You’ve	got	no	food,	no	supplies	.	.	.	what	are	you	thinking?”
“Sophie	and	I—we’ve	got	enough.	We’ve	got	each	other.”
Anthony	closed	his	eyes	and	laid	a	hand	across	his	chest.	The	sun	made	his	cheeks	burn
pleasantly	and	turned	the	inside	of	his	eyelids	orange.	“You	know	I	have	to	stop	you.”
“You’re	going	to	have	to	shoot	me	to	do	it.”
Anthony	 blinked	 into	 the	 brightness.	 An	 arrowhead	 of	 birds	 flew	 black	 against	 the
brilliant	blue	of	the	sky.	He	watched	them	and	as	he	did,	his	certainties	seemed	to	crumble.
This	 day,	 this	 sunshine,	 the	 birds,	 all	 of	 it	 was	 outside	 the	 sphere	 of	 war.	 It	 was	 as	 if	 a
different	 reality	 was	 taking	 place	 just	 up	 there,	 if	 they	 could	 only	 get	 high	 enough	 to
escape	this	place	they	called	the	world.
Howard	 was	 sitting	 now	 with	 his	 back	 against	 the	 brick	 wall,	 inspecting	 his	 bruised
hand.	Anthony	went	to	sit	beside	him.	His	ribs	hurt.
“You’re	determined	to	do	this.”
“We	are.”
“Then	tell	me	the	plan.	You	must	have	one.	I	can’t	believe	you’d	be	stupid	enough	to
take	a	woman	and	baby	across	the	country	otherwise.”

As	Howard	outlined	his	scheme,	Anthony	listened.	He	tried	not	to	think	about	the	army
and	rules	and	what	would	happen	if	his	friend	were	caught.	He	just	listened	and	nodded
and	forced	himself	to	believe	that	it	might	work.
“This	aunt	of	Sophie’s—she’s	in	the	south?”
“Almost	at	the	Spanish	border.”
“She’ll	take	you	in?”
“She’s	like	a	mother	to	Sophie.”
“And	what	about	the	journey,	what	about	food?”
“I’ve	been	saving	rations,	and	the	package	Eleanor	sent,	and	Sophie	has	managed	to	get
some	bread	and	water.”
“From	Monsieur	Durand’s	kitchen?”
Howard	nodded.	“I	plan	to	leave	him	money	in	exchange.	I’m	not	a	thief.”
“Where	have	you	been	storing	these	supplies?”
“There’s	a	barn	on	the	edge	of	Madame	Fournier’s	farm.	It’s	not	used	anymore.	Shells
have	torn	great	holes	in	the	roof	and	it	leaks	like	a	sieve.”
“A	 few	 rations,	 a	 cake,	 a	 loaf	 of	 bread—it	 won’t	 be	 enough.	 You’ll	 have	 to	 remain
hidden	for	days,	and	there’s	no	telling	what	you’ll	find	as	you	travel	south.”
“We’ll	be	all	right.”
Anthony	 pictured	 the	 army	 kitchen	 store.	 The	 tins	 of	 bully	 beef	 and	 condensed	 milk,
the	flour	and	cheese	and	jam.	“You’re	going	to	need	more,”	he	said.	“Wait	until	it’s	dark.
Everybody	will	be	busy	preparing	for	the	push	tomorrow.	I’ll	meet	you	in	the	barn.”
“No	you	won’t.	I	don’t	want	you	involved.”
“I’m	already	involved.	You’re	my	brother.”
Anthony	 took	 a	 knapsack	 with	 him	 that	 night,	 filled	 with	 all	 he’d	 been	 able	 to	 take.	 He
was	 careful	 to	 make	 sure	 he	 wasn’t	 followed.	 As	 an	 officer	 he	 was	 accorded	 greater
privileges	 than	 most,	 but	 he	 still	 couldn’t	 afford	 to	 be	 caught	 in	 the	 wrong	 place	 with	 a
bagful	of	stolen	supplies.
He	 rattled	 the	 barn	 door	 when	 he	 arrived	 and	 then	 knocked	 once	 as	 they’d	 agreed.
Howard	 opened	 it	 immediately;	 he	 must’ve	 been	 waiting	 on	 the	 other	 side.	 They
embraced.	Anthony	couldn’t	remember	their	ever	having	done	so	before.	Later,	he	would
wonder	 whether	 each	 had	 felt	 a	 presentiment	 of	 what	 was	 to	 come.	 He	 handed	 over	 the
pack.
Moonlight	streamed	silver	through	a	hole	in	the	roof	and	he	could	see	Sophie	sitting	on
a	bale	of	hay	in	the	corner,	the	baby	strapped	to	her	chest	in	a	canvas	sling.	The	child	was
sleeping,	rosebud	lips	pursed,	a	look	of	intense	concentration	on	his	small	face.	Anthony
envied	the	child	his	peace;	even	now	he	knew	he’d	never	sleep	like	that	again.	He	nodded

a	 greeting	 and	 Sophie	 smiled	 shyly.	 Here,	 she	 was	 no	 longer	 M.	 Durand’s	 housekeeper,
but	Anthony’s	best	friend’s	love.	It	changed	things.
Howard	 went	 to	 her	 and	 they	 spoke	 quietly.	 Sophie	 was	 listening	 intently,	 nodding
quickly	at	times.	At	one	point	she	rested	a	small	fine	hand	upon	his	chest.	Howard	placed
his	own	on	top.	Anthony	felt	like	an	intruder,	but	he	couldn’t	look	away.	He	was	struck	by
the	 expression	 on	 his	 friend’s	 face.	 He	 looked	 older,	 but	 not	 because	 he	 was	 tired.	 The
mask	 of	 false	 humor	 he’d	 worn	 for	 as	 long	 as	 Anthony	 had	 known	 him,	 the	 protective
smile	that	laughed	at	the	world	before	the	world	could	laugh	at	him,	was	gone.
The	 two	 lovers	 finished	 their	 tender	 conversation	 and	 Howard	 came	 quickly	 to	 say
goodbye.	Anthony	realized	this	was	it.	All	afternoon	he’d	wondered	what	to	say	when	the
time	arrived,	he’d	run	through	a	lifetime’s	worth	of	well	wishes	and	regrets	and	seemingly
random	things	he	otherwise	might	never	have	the	chance	to	say,	but	now	it	all	evaporated.
There	was	too	much	to	express	and	too	little	time	in	which	to	do	it.
“Look	after	yourself,”	he	said.
“You	too.”
“And	when	it’s	all	over	.	.	.”
“Yes.	When	it’s	all	over.”
Noise	came	from	outside	and	they	both	froze.
A	dog	was	barking	in	the	distance.
“Howard,”	Sophie	called	in	a	frightened	whisper.	“Dépêche-toi!	Allons-y.”
“Yes.”	Howard	nodded,	still	looking	at	Anthony.	“We	must	go.”
He	hurried	to	Sophie’s	side,	tossed	the	army	knapsack	over	his	shoulder,	and	picked	up
the	other	bag	from	near	her	feet.
The	dog	was	still	barking.
“Shut	up,”	Anthony	said	under	his	breath.	“Please,	shut	up.”
But	 the	 dog	 didn’t	 shut	 up.	 It	 was	 growling	 and	 yapping	 and	 coming	 nearer,	 it	 was
going	to	wake	the	baby,	and	now	there	were	voices	outside,	too.
Anthony	glanced	around	the	room.	There	was	a	window	cavity,	but	too	high	for	them
to	 get	 the	 baby	 out.	 An	 open	 door	 in	 the	 far	 wall	 led	 to	 a	 small	 anteroom.	 He	 gestured
towards	it.
They	piled	inside.	It	was	darker	without	the	moonlight,	and	they	all	held	their	breath,
listening.	 Gradually	 their	 eyes	 adjusted.	 Anthony	 could	 see	 fear	 writ	 large	 on	 Sophie’s
face.	Howard,	his	arm	around	her,	was	less	easy	to	read.
The	hinge	of	the	barn	door	jolted	and	it	swung	open	with	a	clatter.
The	 baby	 was	 awake	 now	 and	 had	 started	 to	 babble	 softly.	 There	 was	 nothing	 funny
about	 the	 situation,	 but	 the	 child	 didn’t	 know	 that.	 He	 was	 filled	 with	 the	 simple	 joy	 of
being	alive	and	it	made	him	laugh.
Anthony	held	a	finger	to	his	lips,	signaling	urgently	that	they	had	to	keep	him	quiet.

Sophie	whispered	in	the	baby’s	ear,	but	that	only	tickled	and	made	him	laugh	with	even
greater	spirit.	A	game,	said	his	dark,	dancing	eyes,	What	fun!
Anthony	felt	his	hackles	rise.	The	footsteps	were	very	close	now,	the	murmur	of	voices
loud	and	clear.	Again,	he	pressed	his	finger	hard	against	his	lips,	and	Sophie	jostled	the
baby,	her	whispers	gaining	a	panicked	edge.
But	little	Louis	was	tired	of	playing,	and	hungry	perhaps,	eager	to	climb	down	from	his
mother	and	confused	as	to	why	she	wouldn’t	let	him.	His	gurgles	turned	into	a	cry,	and	the
cries	grew	louder,	and	in	the	blink	of	an	eye,	Anthony	was	at	Sophie’s	side,	and	his	hands
were	on	the	child,	and	he	was	pulling	the	small	bundle,	trying	to	untangle	it	from	Sophie’s
cloth	sling,	trying	to	get	his	hand	to	the	child’s	mouth,	to	make	the	noise	stop,	to	make	it
quiet	so	that	they	would	all	be	safe.
But	the	dog	was	at	the	second	door	now,	scratching	the	wood,	and	Howard	was	behind
Anthony,	 pulling	 him	 away,	 pushing	 him	 backwards	 with	 enormous	 force,	 and	 the	 baby
was	still	crying,	and	the	dog	was	barking,	and	Howard	had	his	arm	around	Sophie,	who
was	whimpering,	too,	and	the	door’s	handle	rattled.
Anthony	drew	his	gun	and	held	his	breath.
When	the	door	opened	the	torch	beams	were	blinding.	Anthony	blinked	and	held	up	his
hand	from	instinct.	His	mind	was	a	fog,	but	he	could	just	make	out	two	burly	men	in	the
dark	 beyond.	 One,	 he	 realized,	 when	 the	 man	 began	 talking	 in	 rapid	 French,	 was	 M.
Durand;	the	other	wore	a	British	army	uniform.
“What’s	all	this?”	said	the	officer.
Anthony	could	all	but	hear	the	cogs	of	the	man’s	mind	turning	and	it	was	no	surprise
when	he	said,	“Put	down	the	sack	and	step	away.”
Howard	did	as	he’d	been	told.
Baby	 Louis	 was	 quiet	 now,	 Anthony	 noticed,	 and	 was	 reaching	 up	 to	 touch	 Sophie’s
pale	 cheeks.	 He	 continued	 to	 watch	 the	 child,	 fascinated	 by	 his	 innocence,	 in	 striking
contrast	with	the	horror	of	the	situation	they	were	in.
And	into	the	silence	flowed	recognition	of	what	he’d	almost	done,	the	depravity	of	his
instinct	in	that	awful	moment	before.
Anthony	 shook	 his	 head.	 But	 it	 was	 monstrous!	 It	 was	 impossible.	 Surely	 not	 he,
Anthony,	who	had	always	been	able	to	trust	himself,	his	control	and	precision	and	care,
his	drive	to	help	others.
Confused,	 he	 forced	 the	 thought	 away	 and	 concentrated	 again	 on	 baby	 Louis.	 It
suddenly	 seemed	 to	 Anthony	 that	 in	 a	 world	 from	 which	 all	 the	 goodness	 had	 been
sapped,	 they	 ought	 all	 to	 be	 watching	 this	 precious	 child,	 marveling	 at	 his	 purity.	 Stop
talking,	he	wanted	to	say.	Just	look	at	the	little	one.
He	was	losing	his	mind,	of	course.	That	was	what	happened	in	the	moments	before	one
faced	 death.	 For	 it	 was	 certain	 they	 were	 all	 going	 to	 die.	 To	 aid	 a	 deserter	 was	 akin	 to
deserting	himself.	Strangely,	it	wasn’t	as	bad	as	Anthony	had	imagined.	At	least	it	would
be	over	soon.

He	was	tired,	very	tired,	and	now	he	could	stop	trying	so	hard	to	make	it	home.	Eleanor
would	grieve	for	him,	but	when	she’d	adjusted,	she’d	be	pleased,	he	knew,	to	learn	he’d
died	trying	to	help	Howard	begin	a	new	life.	Anthony	almost	laughed.	Begin	a	new	life!
At	a	time	like	this,	when	the	world	was	turning	to	ruin.
There	 came	 a	 crashing	 sound	 and	 Anthony	 blinked.	 He	 was	 surprised	 to	 find	 he	 was
still	 in	 the	 French	 barn.	 The	 officer	 had	 opened	 the	 knapsack	 and	 shaken	 out	 the	 stolen
army	 supplies.	 Tins	 of	 bully	 beef	 and	 Maconochie	 and	 condensed	 milk	 lay	 all	 over	 the
ground—Anthony	had	made	sure	to	take	enough	that	Howard	and	Sophie	could	hide	for
weeks	if	they	had	to.
The	officer	whistled	lightly.	“Looks	like	someone	was	planning	a	bit	of	a	holiday.”
“I’d	have	got	away	with	it,	too,”	said	Howard	suddenly,	“if	Edevane	hadn’t	caught	up
with	me.”
Anthony	 glanced	 at	 his	 friend,	 confused.	 Howard	 didn’t	 meet	 his	 gaze.	 “Bastard
followed	me.	Tried	to	talk	me	out	of	it.”
“Stop	talking,”	Anthony	thought,	“just	stop	talking.	It’s	too	late.”
The	officer	looked	at	the	gun	in	Anthony’s	hand.	“Is	that	right?”	He	glanced	between
them.	“Were	you	trying	to	bring	him	in?”
But	 Anthony	 couldn’t	 form	 sentences	 fast	 enough,	 each	 word	 was	 like	 a	 piece	 of
confetti	on	a	windy	day	and	he	couldn’t	put	them	together.
“I	told	him	he’d	have	to	shoot	me	here,”	Howard	said	quickly.
“Edevane?”
Anthony	 heard	 the	 officer,	 but	 only	 as	 from	 a	 great	 distance.	 He	 wasn’t	 in	 that
godforsaken	barn	in	France	any	longer;	he	was	back	at	Loeanneth,	in	the	kitchen	garden,
watching	 as	 his	 children	 played.	 He	 was	 tending	 the	 garden	 that	 he	 and	 Eleanor	 had
planted	together	a	lifetime	ago,	he	could	smell	the	sun-warmed	strawberries,	feel	the	sun
on	his	face,	hear	his	children	singing.	“Come	home	to	me,”	Eleanor	had	said	that	day	by
the	stream,	and	he’d	promised	that	he	would.	He	was	going	to	get	back	to	them	if	it	was
the	last	thing	he	did.	He’d	made	a	promise,	but	it	was	more	than	that,	too.	Anthony	was
going	to	make	it	home	because	he	wanted	to.
“I	tried	to	stop	him,”	he	heard	himself	say.	“I	told	him	not	to	run.”
As	they	positioned	Howard	between	them	and	marched	back	towards	camp,	as	Sophie
wailed	in	stuttering	French,	Anthony	told	himself	he’d	bought	his	friend	more	time.	That
this	wasn’t	how	it	ended.	That	where	there	was	life	there	was	hope.	He’d	find	a	way	to
explain	it	all	away,	to	save	Howard,	to	make	things	go	back	to	how	they	were.	The	Front
was	miles	away;	there	was	plenty	of	time	to	think	of	a	way	out	of	this	mess.
A	half	mile	outside	camp,	though,	he	still	hadn’t	thought	of	anything,	and	he	could	no
longer	smell	strawberries,	only	the	stench	of	war	rot,	of	mud	and	waste	and	the	acrid	taste
of	gunpowder	on	his	lips.	He	could	hear	a	dog	barking	somewhere,	and—he	was	sure—a
baby	crying	in	the	distant	night,	and	the	thought	came	to	him	before	he	could	stop	it,	cool
and	 dull	 and	 empty	 of	 emotion,	 that	 if	 he’d	 only	 finished	 what	 he’d	 started	 back	 there,

silenced	 that	 baby,	 that	 dear	 little	 child	 who’d	 barely	 started	 to	 live,	 who	 wouldn’t	 have
known	what	was	happening,	for	whom	Anthony	could	have	made	it	mercifully	quick,	then
Howard	would	have	been	spared.	That	it	had	been	his	only	chance	to	save	his	brother	and
he’d	failed.

28
CORNWALL,	2003

It	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 Sadie	 there	 was	 much	 point	 sticking	 around	 in	 London	 after	 she’d
spoken	with	Alice	Edevane.	The	keys	to	Loeanneth	were	burning	a	hole	in	her	pocket	and
by	the	time	she	arrived	back	at	her	flat	she’d	decided	to	leave	immediately.	She	tipped	a
glassful	 of	 water	 over	 her	 desiccated	 plant,	 gathered	 her	 notes,	 and	 slung	 her	 bag,	 still
conveniently	 packed	 from	 her	 last	 stint	 in	 Cornwall,	 over	 her	 shoulder.	 She	 locked	 the
door	behind	her	and	without	a	backward	glance	took	the	stairs	by	twos.
The	five-hour	drive	went	surprisingly	quickly.	County	after	county	passed	in	a	greenish
blur	as	Sadie	wondered	at	the	evidence	Alice	had	promised	she’d	find	tucked	inside	the
repositories	at	Loeanneth.	It	was	nearly	nine	thirty	and	becoming	dark	when	she	turned	off
the	A38	and	headed	for	the	coast.	She	slowed	as	she	approached	the	leaning	signpost	that
pointed	 the	 way	 towards	 the	 woods	 and	 the	 hidden	 entrance	 to	 Loeanneth;	 there	 was	 a
great	temptation	to	follow	the	forked	road.	Her	impatience	to	get	started	was	matched	only
by	her	eagerness	to	avoid	the	awkward	task	that	lay	ahead	of	explaining	to	Bertie	why	she
was	 back	 so	 soon.	 She	 could	 just	 picture	 his	 querulous	 expression	 as	 he	 said,	 “Another
holiday?”	But	there	was	no	electricity	at	the	Lake	House,	she	hadn’t	brought	a	torch,	and
unless	 she	 planned	 to	 avoid	 the	 village	 and	 her	 grandfather	 altogether,	 there	 would	 be
music	to	face	at	some	point.	No,	she	decided,	it	was	better	to	be	done	with	the	inquisition
up	front.
With	a	sigh	of	reluctant	determination,	she	continued	along	the	coast	road	and	into	the
village,	where	preparations	were	under	way	for	the	weekend	Solstice	Festival.	Lengths	of
colored	lights	were	being	strung	along	the	streets,	and	in	the	village	square	piles	of	wood
and	 canvas	 had	 been	 set	 down	 at	 regular	 intervals,	 waiting	 to	 be	 assembled	 into	 stalls.
Sadie	drove	slowly	along	the	narrow	streets	before	beginning	the	climb	to	Bertie’s	cottage.
She	rounded	the	final	bend	and	there	it	was,	perched	on	its	clifftop,	warm	lights	glowing
in	 the	 kitchen	 and	 the	 starlit	 sky	 bright	 behind	 its	 pitched	 roof.	 The	 scene	 was	 like
something	 from	 a	 family	 Christmas	 movie,	 minus	 the	 snow.	 Which	 made	 Sadie	 the
interloping	relative,	she	supposed,	arrived	from	nowhere	to	scuttle	the	peace.	She	parked
the	 car	 on	 the	 verge	 of	 the	 narrow	 street,	 collected	 her	 suitcase	 from	 the	 backseat,	 and
made	her	way	up	the	stairs.
The	 dogs	 were	 barking	 inside	 and	 the	 front	 door	 was	 open	 before	 she	 could	 knock.
Bertie	was	wearing	an	apron,	ladle	in	hand.	“Sadie!”	he	said	with	a	broad	smile.	“You’ve
come	down	for	the	festival	weekend.	What	a	lovely	surprise.”
Of	course	she	had.	Brilliant	save.
Ramsay	and	Ash	leapt	from	behind	him,	sniffing	Sadie	with	unbridled	joy.	She	couldn’t
help	but	laugh,	kneeling	down	to	give	them	both	some	love.

“Are	you	hungry?”	Bertie	fussed	the	dogs	inside.	“I	was	about	to	have	supper.	Come	on
in	and	butter	some	bread	while	I	dish	up.”
Every	flat	surface	in	the	kitchen	was	covered	with	jars	of	preserves	and	racks	of	cooling
cakes,	so	they	ate	at	the	long	wooden	table	in	the	courtyard.	Bertie	lit	candles	in	the	tall
glass	hurricane	lanterns,	and	as	the	little	flames	flickered	and	the	wax	burned	down,	Sadie
caught	 up	 on	 village	 news.	 As	 might	 have	 been	 expected,	 the	 countdown	 to	 the	festival
had	 been	 filled	 with	 intrigue	 and	 drama.	 “But	 all’s	 well	 that	 ends	 well,”	 said	 Bertie,
running	a	crust	of	sourdough	around	his	empty	plate,	“and	this	time	tomorrow	night,	it’ll
all	be	over.”
“Until	next	year,”	said	Sadie.
He	rolled	his	eyes	heavenwards.
“You	don’t	fool	me,	you	love	it.	Just	look	at	your	kitchen.	You’ve	cooked	up	an	unholy
storm.”
Bertie	was	aghast.	“Dear	Lord,	touch	wood,	don’t	tempt	fate.	You	mustn’t	even	say	that
word.	The	last	thing	we	need	tomorrow	is	rain!”
Sadie	laughed.	“Superstitious	as	ever,	I	see.”	She	glanced	across	the	garden	and	out	to
the	moonlit	sea,	the	clear	starry	sky.	“I	think	you’re	pretty	safe.”
“Either	 way,	 we’re	 going	 to	 have	 to	 get	 an	 early	 start	 tomorrow	 if	 we	 want	 to	 have
everything	set	up	in	time.	I’ll	be	glad	to	have	an	extra	pair	of	hands.”
“About	that,”	said	Sadie,	“I’m	afraid	I	haven’t	been	completely	honest	about	why	I’m
here.”
He	raised	a	single	eyebrow.
“I’ve	had	a	breakthrough	in	the	Edevane	case.”
“Well,	well,	have	you	now.”	He	pushed	aside	his	bowl.	“Tell	me	everything.”
Sadie	explained	about	her	meeting	with	Alice	and	the	theory	they’d	come	to	regarding
Anthony	Edevane.	“So,	you	see,	the	shell	shock	was	relevant	after	all.”
“My	God,”	said	Bertie,	shaking	his	head.	“What	a	terrible	tragedy.	That	poor	family.”
“From	what	I	can	gather,	Theo’s	death	was	the	beginning	of	the	end.	The	family	never
came	 back	 to	 Loeanneth,	 the	 war	 started,	 and	 by	 the	 time	 it	 ended,	 or	 near	 enough,
Eleanor,	Anthony	and	their	youngest	daughter,	Clemmie,	were	all	dead.”
An	owl	soared	unseen	above	them,	its	wings	beating	the	warm	air,	and	Bertie	sighed.
“It’s	a	strange	thing,	isn’t	it,	uncovering	the	secrets	of	people	who	are	no	longer	with	us.
It’s	not	like	one	of	your	usual	crimes,	where	the	driving	force	is	to	arrest	and	punish	the
guilty.	There’s	no	one	left	in	this	case	to	punish.”
“No,”	 Sadie	 agreed,	 “but	 the	 truth	 still	 matters.	 Think	 about	 the	 people	 left	 behind.
They’ve	 suffered,	 too;	 they	 deserve	 to	 know	 what	 really	 happened.	 If	 you	 met	 Alice,
you’d	see	how	much	of	a	burden	the	not	knowing	has	been.	I	think	she’s	led	her	whole	life
in	the	shadow	of	the	terrible	events	of	that	night,	but	now	she’s	given	me	the	keys	to	the

house	 and	 permission	 to	 search	 wherever	 I	 see	 fit.	 I’m	 determined	 not	 to	 leave	 without
finding	what	we	need	to	prove	Anthony’s	part	in	Theo’s	death.”
“Well,	 I	 think	 it’s	 tremendous	 what	 you’re	 doing,	 helping	 her	 put	 the	 whole	 affair	 to
rest.	And	what	a	coup!	Solving	a	crime	that’s	remained	a	mystery	for	seventy	years.	That
must	feel	terrific.”
Sadie	smiled.	It	was	a	coup.	It	did	feel	terrific.
“And	jolly	decent	of	the	Met	to	give	you	more	time	off	to	tie	up	the	loose	ends.”
Her	cheeks	were	instantly	scarlet;	Bertie,	by	comparison,	was	a	picture	of	innocence,
reaching	down	to	stroke	Ramsay’s	neck.	Whether	he	was	in	earnest	or	his	appearance	of
ease	masked	an	unspoken	question,	Sadie	wasn’t	sure.	Either	way	she	could’ve	just	lied,
but	in	that	moment	she	didn’t	have	the	spirit	for	it.	Truthfully,	she	was	tired	of	pretending,
especially	with	Bertie,	who	was	her	whole	family,	the	only	person	in	the	world	with	whom
she	could	be	completely	herself.	“Actually,	Granddad,	I’ve	had	a	spot	of	trouble	at	work.”
Bertie	didn’t	skip	a	beat.	“Have	you	now,	love?	Want	to	tell	me	about	it?”
And	 so	 Sadie	 found	 herself	 explaining	 about	 the	 Bailey	 case.	 Her	 strong	 feeling	 that
Maggie	had	met	with	foul	play,	her	refusal	to	follow	the	advice	of	her	superior	officers,
and	 her	 ultimate	 decision	 to	 go	 outside	 the	 force	 and	 speak	 to	 Derek	 Maitland.	 “It’s	 the
number-one	rule:	don’t	talk	to	journalists.”
“But	you’re	an	excellent	detective.	You	must’ve	felt	you	had	a	good	reason	to	break	the
rules.”
His	faith	in	her	judgment	was	touching.	“I	thought	I	did.	I	was	convinced	my	instincts
were	right	and	it	seemed	like	the	only	way	to	keep	attention	focused	on	the	case.”
“So	 you	 acted	 in	 good	 faith,	 even	 if	 you	 went	 about	 it	 the	 wrong	 way.	 Surely	 that
counts	for	something?”
“It	 doesn’t	 work	 like	 that.	 I’d	 be	 in	 trouble	 enough	 if	 I’d	 been	 right,	 but	 I	 wasn’t.	 I
made	a	bad	call,	the	case	got	under	my	skin,	and	now	there’s	an	inquiry.”
“Oh,	 love.”	 His	 smile	 was	 full	 of	 sympathy.	 “For	 what	 it’s	 worth,	 I’d	 back	 your
instincts	any	day.”
“Thanks,	Granddad.”
“What	about	Donald?	Does	he	know?	What	does	he	say?”
“He	 was	 the	 one	 who	 suggested	 I	 take	 leave.	 A	 preemptive	 strike,	 so	 to	 speak.	 That
way	if	they	find	out	it	was	me,	I	can	argue	I’d	already	removed	myself	from	action.”
“Will	that	help?”
“I’ve	never	known	Ashford	to	err	on	the	side	of	leniency.	I’ll	be	suspended	at	the	very
least.	If	he’s	had	a	bad	day,	stood	down.”
Bertie	shook	his	head.	“It	doesn’t	seem	right.	Is	there	anything	you	can	do?”
“The	 best	 plan	 I’ve	 been	 able	 to	 come	 up	 with,	 aside	 from	 lying	 low	 and	 avoiding
Nancy	Bailey,	is	to	keep	my	fingers	crossed.”

He	held	up	a	hand,	his	old	fingers	plaited.	“Then	I’ll	add	mine.	And	in	the	meantime,
you’ve	got	the	solution	to	the	Lake	House	mystery	to	prove.”
“Exactly.”	 Sadie	 felt	 a	 spike	 of	 excitement	 as	 she	 anticipated	 the	 following	 day.	 She
was	 silently	 congratulating	 herself	 on	 finally	 having	 told	 Bertie	 the	 truth,	 when	 he
scratched	his	head	and	said,	“I	wonder	what	it	was	about	the	Bailey	case.”
“What’s	that?”
“Why	do	you	think	this	particular	case	got	under	your	skin?”
“Mothers	and	children,”	she	said	with	a	shrug.	“They’re	always	the	difficult	ones	for
me.”
“But	you’ve	had	similar	cases	in	the	past.	Why	this	one?	Why	now?”
Sadie	 was	 on	 the	 verge	 of	 saying	 she	 didn’t	 know,	 passing	 it	 off	 as	 one	 of	 those
inexplicable	things,	when	the	first	letter	from	Charlotte	Sutherland	flashed	into	her	mind.
In	that	moment,	an	urgent	swell	of	something	awfully	like	grief	rose	up	within	her,	and	a
wave	she’d	been	holding	at	bay	for	fifteen	years	threatened	to	crash.	“There	was	a	letter,”
she	said	quickly.	“A	few	months	ago.	The	baby,	she’s	fifteen	now,	she	wrote	to	me.”
Bertie’s	eyes	widened	behind	his	glasses.	He	said	only,	“Esther?”
The	name,	spoken	like	that,	was	an	arrow.	The	one	rule	Sadie	had	broken,	naming	her
baby	when	she	saw	that	little	star-shaped	hand	appear	above	the	yellow-and-white	blanket.
“Esther	wrote	to	you?”
Twice	now,	 Sadie	 thought,	 but	 didn’t	 say.	 “A	 couple	 of	 weeks	 after	 I	 started	 working
the	Bailey	case.	I	don’t	know	how	she	got	my	address;	I	guess	they	keep	records	of	names
and	give	them	out	if	people	ask,	and	it	isn’t	so	hard	to	find	a	private	address	if	you	know
where	to	look.”
“What	did	she	say?”
“She	 told	 me	 a	 bit	 about	 herself.	 Her	 nice	 family,	 nice	 school,	 her	 list	 of	 lovely
interests.	And	she	said	she	wants	to	meet	me.”
“Esther	wants	to	meet	you?”
“Her	name’s	not	Esther.	It’s	Charlotte.	Charlotte	Sutherland.”
Bertie	 leaned	 back	 against	 his	 chair,	 a	 faint,	 dazed	 smile	 on	 his	 face.	 “Her	 name	 is
Charlotte,	and	you’re	going	to	meet	her.”
“No.”	Sadie	shook	her	head.	“No,	I’m	not.”
“But,	Sadie,	love	.	.	.”
“I	can’t,	Granddad.	I’ve	decided.”
“But—”
“I	gave	her	away.	What	will	she	think	of	me?”
“You	were	little	more	than	a	child	yourself.”
Sadie	 was	 still	 shaking	 her	 head,	 the	 action	 involuntary.	 She	 shivered,	 despite	 the

balmy	night.	“She’ll	think	I	abandoned	her.”
“You	agonized	over	what	was	best	for	her.”
“She	won’t	see	it	that	way.	She’ll	hate	me.”
“What	if	she	doesn’t?”
“Look	at	me—”	No	spouse,	few	friends,	even	her	houseplant	was	dying	from	neglect.
She’d	sacrificed	everything	in	her	life	to	her	job,	and	even	that	was	looking	tenuous.	She
was	bound	to	be	a	disappointment.	“I’m	no	kind	of	a	parent.”
“I	don’t	think	she’s	looking	for	someone	to	tie	her	shoelaces.	From	the	sound	of	things
she’s	 done	 very	 well	 in	 that	 department.	 She	 only	 wants	 to	 know	 who	 her	 biological
mother	is.”
“You	 and	 I	 both	 know	 biology	 is	 no	 guarantee	 of	 fellow	 feeling.	 Sometimes	 the	 best
thing	that	can	happen	to	a	person	is	to	gain	a	new	set	of	parents.	Look	at	the	way	you	and
Ruth	stepped	in	for	me.”
Now	Bertie	shook	his	head,	but	not	sadly.	He	was	frustrated	with	her,	Sadie	could	tell,
but	there	wasn’t	anything	she	could	do	to	change	that.	It	wasn’t	his	decision	to	make,	it
was	hers	and	she’d	made	it.	For	better	or	for	worse.
For	better.	She	exhaled	determinedly.	“Ruth	used	to	say	that	if	you	did	the	right	thing
and	you’d	do	it	again,	the	only	thing	left	to	do	was	to	move	forward.”
Bertie’s	eyes	turned	moist	behind	his	glasses.	“She	was	always	wise.”
“And	she	was	usually	right.	That’s	what	I’ve	done,	Granddad,	followed	Ruth’s	advice.
For	 fifteen	 years	 I’ve	 moved	 forward	 and	 I	 haven’t	 looked	 back,	 and	 everything’s	 been
fine.	All	this	trouble	started	because	of	the	letter.	It	brought	the	past	back	into	my	life.”
“That’s	 not	 what	 Ruth	 meant,	 Sadie,	 love.	 She	 wanted	 you	 to	 move	 forward	 without
regrets,	not	to	deny	the	past	entirely.”
“I’m	not	denying	it,	I’m	just	not	thinking	about	it.	I	made	the	choice	I	made	and	there’s
nothing	to	be	gained	by	digging	it	all	up	again.”
“But	isn’t	that	what	you’re	talking	about	doing	for	the	Edevane	family?”
“That’s	different.”
“Is	it?”
“Yes.”	And	it	was.	She	couldn’t	find	the	words	to	explain	how,	not	then	and	there;	she
just	knew	it.	She	was	irritated	by	Bertie’s	opposition	but	didn’t	want	to	argue	with	him.
She	 softened	 her	 voice	 and	 said,	 “Listen,	 I	 have	 to	 duck	 inside	 and	 make	 a	 couple	 of
phone	calls	before	it	gets	too	late.	How	about	I	put	the	kettle	on	and	bring	us	up	a	fresh	pot
to	share?”
Despite	the	soporific	roll	of	the	sea,	Sadie	couldn’t	sleep	that	night.	She’d	managed	finally
to	put	Charlotte—Esther—out	of	mind,	but	her	attention	had	shifted	to	the	Edevanes	and
Loeanneth.	 She	 tossed	 and	 turned	 as	 visions	 of	 Midsummer	 1933	 filled	 her	 thoughts.

Eleanor	checking	on	baby	Theo	before	returning	to	her	guests,	paddleboats,	and	gondolas
drifting	up	the	stream	towards	the	boathouse,	the	great	bonfire	raging	on	its	island	in	the
middle	of	the	lake.
It	was	still	dark	when	she	gave	up	on	sleep	altogether	and	slipped	on	running	gear.	The
dogs	 woke	 excitedly	 as	 she	 passed	 through	 the	 kitchen,	 hurrying	 to	 fall	 into	 step	 beside
her	as	she	set	off.	It	was	too	dark	to	attempt	a	path	through	the	woods,	so	she	contented
herself	 with	 the	 headland,	 going	 over	 all	 the	 things	 she	 needed	 to	 do	 when	 she	 got	 to
Loeanneth.	She	was	back	at	Bertie’s	and	toasting	her	third	round	of	bread	when	the	first
light	of	dawn	began	to	tiptoe	across	the	benchtop.	Sadie	left	a	note	for	Bertie	under	the
kettle,	loaded	the	car	with	her	files,	a	torch,	and	a	thermos	of	tea,	and	hushed	the	dogs	to
stay.
The	 horizon	 was	 golden	 as	 she	 drove	 east.	 The	 sea	 glimmered	 as	 if	 someone	 had
sprinkled	it	with	iron	filings	and	Sadie	wound	down	the	window	to	enjoy	the	crisp,	briny
breeze	on	her	face.	It	was	going	to	be	a	warm,	clear	day	for	the	festival	and	she	was	glad
for	Bertie.	Glad,	too,	that	she’d	escaped	before	he	woke,	thereby	dodging	a	rehash	of	their
conversation	 from	 the	 previous	 night.	 It	 wasn’t	 that	 she	 regretted	 telling	 him	 about	 the
letter,	only	that	she	didn’t	want	to	discuss	it	further.	He	was	disappointed,	she	knew,	by
her	 decision	 not	 to	 meet	 Charlotte	 Sutherland,	 convinced	 that	 she	 was	 willfully
misinterpreting	Ruth’s	advice,	but	it	was	a	situation	he	couldn’t	possibly	understand.	She
would	find	the	words	to	explain	it	to	him,	what	it	was	to	give	up	a	child,	how	keenly	she’d
had	to	struggle	to	move	beyond	the	fact	that	there	was	someone	out	there,	her	own	flesh
and	blood,	whom	she	could	never	know,	but	at	the	moment,	with	everything	else	going	on,
it	was	just	too	complicated.
Sadie	reached	the	leaning	signpost,	its	white	paint	peeling	after	years	of	bracing	wind,
and	turned	left.	The	road	that	led	away	from	the	coast	was	narrow,	long	clumps	of	grass
encroaching	on	the	faded	tarmac,	and	it	became	thinner	still	as	it	snaked	into	the	woods.
Dawn	hadn’t	breached	the	canopy	yet,	and	Sadie	had	to	switch	on	the	car’s	headlights	to
make	her	way	through	the	trees.	She	drove	slowly,	scouring	the	overgrown	verge	for	the
entrance	to	Loeanneth.	According	to	Alice	Edevane’s	instructions,	the	wrought-iron	gates
would	 be	 difficult	 to	 spot.	 They	 were	 tucked	 back	 from	 the	 road,	 she’d	 said,	 and	 the
elaborate,	 woven	 design	 was	 such	 that	 even	 during	 the	 family’s	 heyday,	 they’d	 been
threatened	with	consumption	by	the	ivy	tendrils	that	reached	out	from	the	trees	to	climb
and	cling.
Sure	enough,	Sadie	almost	missed	them.	It	was	only	as	her	headlights	glanced	off	the
edge	of	a	tarnished	post	that	she	realized	this	was	it.	She	reversed	quickly,	pulled	off	the
road,	leapt	from	the	car,	and	fiddled	with	the	keys	Alice	had	given	her,	looking	for	the	one
marked	Gate.	Her	fingers	were	clumsy	with	excitement	and	it	took	a	few	attempts	to	slot
the	 key	 into	 the	 latch.	 Finally,	 though,	 she	 managed.	 The	 gate	 was	 rusty	 and	 stiff,	 but
Sadie	 had	 always	 been	 able	 to	 find	 unexpected	 physical	 strength	 when	 sufficiently
motivated.	She	forced	the	pair	of	gates	open,	wide	enough,	just,	to	drive	her	car	through.
She’d	never	approached	the	house	from	this	direction,	and	was	struck,	when	she	finally
emerged	through	the	thick	woods,	by	how	emphatically	hidden	it	was	from	the	rest	of	the
world,	tucked	within	its	own	valley,	the	house	and	inner	gardens	concealed	by	a	protective
planting	 of	 elms.	 She	 followed	 the	 driveway	 across	 a	 stone	 bridge	 and	 parked	 her	 car

beneath	the	boughs	of	an	enormous	tree	in	a	graveled	area	colonized	by	wily	tussocks	of
grass.	The	sun	was	still	rising	as	she	hitched	up	the	old	gate	and	entered	the	garden.
“You’re	 early,”	 she	 called,	 when	 she	 saw	 the	 old	 man	 sitting	 on	 the	 rim	 of	 the	 big
planter.
Clive	 waved.	 “I’ve	 been	 waiting	 for	 this	 for	 seventy	 years.	 I	 wasn’t	 about	 to	 wait	 a
minute	longer	than	I	had	to.”
Sadie	had	called	him	the	night	before	and	brought	him	up	to	speed	on	her	meeting	with
Alice.	 He’d	 listened,	 shocked	 when	 he	 learned	 their	 new	 theory	 that	 Theo	 Edevane	 had
been	killed	by	his	father.	“I	was	sure	the	boy	had	been	taken,”	he’d	said	when	Sadie	had
finished.	“All	this	time	I	held	out	hope	that	I	could	still	find	him.”	There’d	been	a	tremble
in	his	voice,	and	Sadie	could	tell	just	how	much	he’d	personally	invested	in	the	case.	She
knew	the	feeling.	“We	still	have	a	job	to	do,”	she’d	said.	“We	owe	it	to	the	little	boy	to
learn	exactly	what	happened	that	night.”	She’d	told	him	then	about	the	keys	and	Alice’s
invitation	to	search	the	house.	“I	called	her	just	before	phoning	you	and	mentioned	your
ongoing	interest.	I	told	her	how	invaluable	you’ve	been	so	far.”
Now	they	stood	together	beneath	the	portico	as	Sadie	struggled	with	the	front	door.	For
one	heart-stopping	instant	it	seemed	as	if	the	lock	was	stuck	and	the	key	wasn’t	going	to
turn,	but	then	there	came	the	welcome	click	of	the	mechanism	giving	way.	Moments	later,
Sadie	and	Clive	stepped	across	the	threshold,	into	the	entrance	hall	of	the	Lake	House.
The	 room	 smelled	 musty,	 and	 the	 air	 was	 cooler	 than	 Sadie	 had	 expected.	 The	 front
door	 was	 still	 wide	 open	 and	 when	 she	 glanced	 over	 her	 shoulder,	 the	 waking	 world
outside	seemed	brighter	than	it	had	before.	She	could	see	all	the	way	along	the	overgrown
path	to	where	the	surface	of	the	lake	was	sparkling	with	the	first	rays	of	morning	sun.
“It’s	like	time	stood	still,”	said	Clive	softly.	“The	house	hasn’t	changed	since	we	were
here	 all	 those	 years	 ago.”	 He	 craned	 to	 take	 in	 every	 angle	 and	 added,	 “Except	 for	 the
spiders.	They’re	new.”	He	met	her	gaze.	“So	now,	where	would	you	like	to	start?”
Sadie	matched	his	slightly	reverent	tone.	There	was	something	about	a	house	left	sealed
for	 so	 long	 that	 invited	 such	 theater.	 “Alice	 thought	 it	 most	 likely	 that	 we’d	 find	 what
we’re	looking	for	in	Anthony’s	study	or	Eleanor’s	writing	bureau.”
“And	what	is	it	exactly	that	we’re	looking	for?”
“Anything	 detailing	 Anthony’s	 condition,	 particularly	 in	 the	 weeks	 leading	 up	 to
Midsummer	1933.	Letters,	diaries—a	signed	confession	would	be	ideal.”
Clive	 grinned	 as	 she	 continued,	 “We’ll	 get	 more	 done	 if	 we	 split	 up.	 How	 about	 you
take	 the	 study,	 I’ll	 take	 the	 desk,	 and	 we	 reconvene	 to	 compare	 notes	 in	 a	 couple	 of
hours?”
Sadie	was	aware	of	Clive’s	silence	as	they	climbed	the	staircase	side	by	side,	the	way
he	glanced	about	him,	his	deep	sigh	as	they	paused	on	the	first-floor	landing.	She	could
only	 imagine	 what	 it	 must	 be	 like	 for	 him	 to	 be	 back	 inside	 the	 house	 after	 so	 many
decades.	Seventy	years	in	which	the	Edevane	case	had	remained	alive	for	him,	in	which
he’d	never	given	up	hope	of	solving	the	crime.	She	wondered	if	he’d	thought	back	over

the	initial	investigation	overnight,	and	whether	pieces	of	the	puzzle,	previously	innocuous,
had	slotted	into	place.
“I	 thought	 of	 nothing	 else,”	 he	 said	 when	 she	 asked	 him.	 “I	 was	 on	 my	 way	 to	 bed
when	you	rang,	but	there	was	no	chance	of	sleeping	afterwards.	I	kept	thinking	about	the
way	he	stuck	close	to	her	during	the	interviews.	At	the	time	I	presumed	it	was	so	he	could
protect	her,	so	she	wouldn’t	fall	apart	in	the	aftermath	of	the	boy’s	disappearance.	But	it
occurs	to	me	now	there	was	something	almost	unnatural	about	their	closeness.	Almost	as
if	 he	 were	 standing	 guard,	 making	 sure	 she	 wouldn’t,	 or	 couldn’t,	 reveal	 what	 he	 had
done.”
Sadie	 was	 about	 to	 answer	 when	 her	 phone	 rang	 in	 the	 pocket	 of	 her	 jeans.	 Clive
signaled	that	he	was	going	to	head	on	up	to	Anthony’s	study	and	she	nodded,	pulling	out
her	 mobile.	 Her	 heart	 sank	 when	 she	 recognized	 Nancy	 Bailey’s	 phone	 number	 on	 the
screen.	 Sadie	 considered	 herself	 something	 of	 an	 expert	 at	 breaking	 up	 and	 had	 thought
“Goodbye	 and	 take	 care	 of	 yourself”	 was	 clear	 enough:	 a	 discreet,	 even	 gentle,	 way	 of
letting	the	other	woman	down.	Evidently	it	was	going	to	require	a	more	explicit	approach.
But	 not	 now.	 She	 muted	 the	 phone	 and	 shoved	 it	 back	 into	 her	 pocket.	 She	 would	 deal
with	Nancy	Bailey	another	day.
Eleanor’s	 bedroom	 was	 along	 the	 corridor,	 only	 two	 doors	 away,	 but	 Sadie	 didn’t
move.	Her	gaze	was	drawn	instead	to	the	faded	red	carpet	runner,	rotting	in	patches,	which
stretched	up	a	further	flight	of	stairs.	There	was	something	else	she	needed	to	do	first.	She
climbed	a	floor	higher	and	then	followed	the	hallway	to	its	end.	It	had	become	warmer	as
she	 rose	 and	 the	 air	 was	 stuffier.	 The	 walls	 were	 still	 hung	 with	 framed	 pictures
commemorating	generations	of	deShiel	family	members,	and	behind	each	partially	opened
door,	 the	 rooms	 were	 furnished,	 right	 down	 to	 the	 small	 decorative	 items	 on	 bedside
tables:	 lamps,	 books,	 comb-and-mirror	 sets.	 It	 was	 eerie	 and	 she	 was	 overcome	 by	 a
strong,	 though	 completely	 irrational,	 sense	 that	 she	 needed	 to	 walk	 without	 making	 a
sound.	The	contrary	part	of	her	coughed,	just	to	shatter	the	pervasive	silence.
At	 the	 end	 of	 the	 hallway,	 the	 nursery	 door	 was	 closed.	 Sadie	 stopped	 when	 she
reached	 it.	 She	 had	 envisaged	 this	 moment	 many	 times	 over	 the	 past	 fortnight,	 but	 now
that	 she	 was	 actually	 standing	 on	 the	 threshold	 of	 Theo’s	 nursery,	 the	 whole	 thing	 felt
more	 real	 than	 she’d	 imagined	 it	 would.	 She	 didn’t	 usually	 hold	 with	 rituals	 and
superstitions,	 but	 Sadie	 made	 a	 point	 of	 picturing	 Theo	 Edevane,	 the	 wide-eyed,	 roundcheeked	baby	from	the	newspaper	photos,	reminding	herself	that	the	room	she	was	about
to	enter	was	sacred.
She	opened	the	door	quietly	and	stepped	inside.	The	room	was	stuffy,	and	although	the
once-white	 curtains	 were	 drawn	 they	 were	 gray	 now,	 and	 moth-eaten,	 and	 light	 spilled
through	them	unhindered.	It	was	smaller	than	she’d	imagined.	The	quaint	cast-iron	cot	in
the	middle	was	a	stark	reminder	of	how	young	and	vulnerable	Theo	Edevane	had	been	in
1933.	 It	 stood	 on	 a	 round	 woven	 rug,	 and	 beyond	 it,	 by	 the	 window,	 was	 an	 armchair
covered	in	chintz	that	must	once	have	been	a	bright	and	cheerful	yellow	but	had	faded	and
thinned	 to	 a	 sad,	 nondescript	 beige.	 Little	 wonder,	 after	 decades	 of	 dust	 and	 insects	 and
summer	sun	stealing	in.	The	shelf	of	vintage	wooden	toys,	the	rocking	horse	beneath	the
window,	 the	 ancient	 baby	 bath	 in	 the	 corner:	 all	 were	 familiar	 from	 the	 newspaper
photographs,	and	Sadie	experienced	a	slightly	jarring	sensation	of	distant	recognition,	as	if

it	 were	 a	 room	 she’d	 dreamed	 about,	 or	 one	 she	 remembered	 vaguely	 from	 her	 own
childhood.
She	 went	 to	 inspect	 the	 cot.	 Its	 mattress	 was	 still	 made	 up	 with	 sheets,	 and	 a	 knitted
blanket	had	been	stretched	smooth	and	tight	at	one	end.	It	was	dusty	now,	sad.	Sadie	ran
her	hand	lightly	over	the	iron	rail	and	there	came	a	faint	jingling.	One	of	the	four	brass
knobs	wobbled	unevenly	at	the	top	of	its	post.	This	was	where	Theo	Edevane	had	been	put
to	bed	on	the	night	of	the	party.	Nanny	Bruen	had	been	asleep	on	the	single	bed	against	the
far	wall,	tucked	beneath	the	slanting	roof,	and	outside,	on	the	lawn	by	the	lake,	hundreds
of	people	had	been	ushering	in	Midsummer.
Sadie	glanced	at	the	smaller	side	window	through	which	the	single	witness	in	the	case
claimed	to	have	seen	a	slender	woman.	The	party	guest	said	that	it	was	around	midnight,
but	she	must	have	been	mistaken.	Either	she’d	imagined	the	whole	thing—and	according
to	Clive	she’d	still	been	drunk	the	next	morning—or	else	it	had	been	a	different	window,	a
different	room.	It	was	possible	she’d	glimpsed	Eleanor	in	the	nursery,	checking	on	Theo	as
was	her	habit,	but	if	that	were	the	case	she’d	been	wrong	about	the	time,	for	Eleanor	had
left	the	room	at	eleven	o’clock,	stopping	on	the	stairs	to	give	instructions	to	a	housemaid.
And	 witnesses	 had	 seen	 Eleanor	 by	 the	 boathouse	 where	 the	 gondolas	 were	 docked	 just
before	midnight.
A	round	clock	with	a	stark	white	face	loomed	down	from	on	high,	its	hands	marking
some	long-ago	quarter	past	three,	and	five	Winnie-the-Pooh	prints	stepped	along	the	wall.
Those	 walls	 had	 seen	 everything,	 but	 the	 room	 wasn’t	 talking.	 Sadie	 glanced	 at	 the
doorway	and	a	ghostly	imprint	of	the	night’s	events	played	out	before	her.	At	some	point
after	 midnight,	 Anthony	 Edevane	 had	 come	 through	 from	 the	 hall,	 crossing	 the	 room	 to
stand	 above	 the	 cot,	 just	 as	 Sadie	 was	 doing	 now.	 What	 happened	 next?	 she	 wondered.
Did	he	take	the	little	boy	from	the	nursery,	or	did	it	happen	right	here?	Did	Theo	wake	up?
Did	 he	 recognize	 his	 father	 and	 smile	 or	 coo,	 or	 did	 he	 grasp	 somehow	 that	 there	 was
something	different	about	this	visit,	something	terrible?	Did	he	struggle	or	cry?	And	what
happened	afterwards?	When	did	Eleanor	learn	what	her	husband	had	done?
Something	 on	 the	 floor	 beneath	 the	 cot	 caught	 Sadie’s	 eye,	 a	 tiny,	 shiny	 something,
lying	 on	 the	 rug	 in	 a	 patch	 of	 morning	 sunlight.	 She	 bent	 to	 retrieve	 it;	 a	 round	 silver
button	with	a	plump	cupid	on	it.	She	was	turning	it	over	in	her	fingertips	when	something
moved	against	her	leg.	She	jumped,	her	heart	racing,	before	she	realized	it	was	only	her
phone,	vibrating	in	her	pocket.	Relief	turned	quickly	to	exasperation	when	she	saw	Nancy
Bailey’s	number	again.	With	a	frown,	Sadie	hit	Cancel,	turned	off	the	vibrate	function,	and
pocketed	both	the	phone	and	the	button.	She	glanced	around	the	room	but	the	spell	was
broken	 now.	 She	 could	 no	 longer	 picture	 Anthony	 creeping	 across	 the	 floor	 towards	 the
cot,	 or	 hear	 the	 noise	 of	 the	 party	 outside.	 It	 was	 just	 a	 lonely	 old	 room	 and	 she	 was
wasting	time	with	lost	buttons	and	morbid	imaginings.
Eleanor	 Edevane’s	 bedroom	 was	 dim	 and	 the	 air	 smelled	 stale,	 of	 sorrow	 and	 neglect.
Thick	 velvet	 curtains	 were	 drawn	 against	 all	 four	 windows	 and	 the	 first	 thing	 Sadie	 did
was	drag	them	back,	coughing	as	plumes	of	dust	detached	and	dispersed.	She	opened	the
stiff	sash	windows	as	high	as	they	would	go,	and	paused	for	a	second	to	admire	the	view

down	 to	 the	 lake.	 The	 sun	 was	 bright	 now,	 and	 the	 ducks	 were	 busy.	 A	 faint	 twittering
sound	caught	her	attention	and	she	glanced	above	her.	Tucked	beneath	the	shelter	of	the
eaves	she	spotted	the	hint	of	a	nest.
As	 a	 current	 of	 cool,	 clean	 air	 breezed	 through	 the	 open	 window,	 she	 felt	 a	 wave	 of
motivation	and	determined	to	ride	it.	She	noted	the	rolltop	writing	bureau	against	the	far
wall,	exactly	where	Alice	had	said	it	would	be.	It	was	Eleanor	who	had	started	Sadie	down
this	 road;	 Eleanor	 with	 whom	 she’d	 originally	 felt	 a	 connection,	 sparked	 by	 the	 ivyrimmed	letter;	and	it	was	Eleanor	who	was	going	to	help	her	prove	what	happened	to	baby
Theo.	 Remembering	 Alice’s	 instructions,	 Sadie	 felt	 beneath	 the	 desk	 chair,	 patting	 the
tatty	upholstery	on	the	underside	of	the	cushioned	seat,	running	her	fingertips	along	each
wooden	edge.	Finally,	where	the	right	back	leg	joined	the	seat,	her	fingers	met	a	pair	of
tiny	keys	hanging	from	a	hook.	Bingo.
Once	 unlocked,	 the	 bureau’s	 wooden	 cover	 rolled	 back	 cleanly	 to	 reveal	 a	 neat	 desk
with	 a	 leather	 jotter	 and	 penholder	 laid	 out	 on	 the	 writing	 surface.	 A	 series	 of	 journals
lined	 the	 shelves	 at	 the	 back,	 and	 a	 quick	 peek	 inside	 the	 first	 revealed	 them	 as	 the
triplicate	volumes	Alice	had	said	Eleanor	used	for	correspondence.	Her	gaze	ran	greedily
along	 the	 spines.	 There	 was	 nothing	 to	 suggest	 they	 were	 in	 chronological	 order,	 but	 a
glance	at	the	tidy,	uncluttered	desk	suggested	it	was	likely.	The	family	had	left	Loeanneth
at	 the	 end	 of	 1933,	 which	 meant,	 presumably,	 that	 the	 last	 book	 covered	 the	 months
leading	up	to	Midsummer	that	year.	Sadie	slid	it	from	the	shelf	and,	sure	enough,	the	first
page	 was	 a	 letter	 dated	 January	 1933,	 addressed	 in	 beautiful	 handwriting	 to	 someone
called	Dr.	Steinbach.	She	sat	on	the	floor	with	her	back	propped	against	the	side	of	the	bed
and	started	to	read.
It	 was	 the	 first	 in	 what	 proved	 to	 be	 a	 series	 of	 letters	 to	 a	 series	 of	 doctors,	 each
outlining	 Anthony’s	 symptoms	 and	 asking	 for	 help	 in	 polite	 sentences	 that	 didn’t	 quite
manage	to	conceal	her	desperation.	Eleanor’s	descriptions	of	his	plight	were	poignant,	the
eager	young	man	whose	life’s	promise	had	been	stripped	from	him	by	his	service	to	his
country,	who’d	tried	over	the	course	of	years	since	his	return	to	recover	and	regain	his	past
abilities.	Sadie	was	moved,	but	there	was	no	time	now	to	lament	the	horrors	of	war.	There
was	only	one	horror	she	was	interested	in	proving	today,	and	to	that	end	she	had	to	stay
focused	 on	 her	 search	 for	 references	 to	 Anthony’s	 potential	 for	 violence,	 his	 condition
leading	up	to	June	23.
If	 there	 was	 something	 guarded	 about	 the	 letters	 Eleanor	 wrote	 to	 the	 doctors	 in
London,	those	to	Daffyd	Llewellyn—and	there	were	lots	of	them—were	far	more	personal
in	 tone.	 They	 still	 addressed	 Anthony’s	 medical	 condition—Sadie	 had	 forgotten	 that
Llewellyn	trained	as	a	physician	before	throwing	it	all	in	to	become	a	writer—but,	freed
from	 having	 to	 couch	 her	 descriptions	 in	 terms	 that	 upheld	 her	 husband’s	 dignity	 and
privacy	 in	 the	 eyes	 of	 a	 distant	 medical	 practitioner,	 Eleanor	 was	 able	 to	 describe	 his
condition	and	her	despair	honestly:	I	fear	sometimes	that	he	will	never	be	free,	that	this
search	of	mine	has	all	been	in	vain	.	.	.	I	would	give	up	anything	to	make	him	well,	but
how	 can	 I	 help	 when	 he	 has	 lost	 the	 will	 to	 help	 himself?	 There	 were	 some	 lines	 in
particular	 that	 persuaded	 Sadie	 she	 was	 on	 the	 right	 path:	 It	 happened	 again	 the	 other
night.	He	woke	with	a	howl,	shouting	again	about	the	dog	and	the	baby,	insisting	that	they
must	get	out	now,	and	I	had	to	hold	him	down	with	all	my	might	to	prevent	him	charging

from	the	room.	The	poor	love,	when	he	gets	like	that,	thrashing	and	shaking,	he	doesn’t
even	realize	that	it’s	me	.	.	.	He’s	so	remorseful	in	the	morning.	I	find	myself	lying	to	him
sometimes,	pretending	that	I	injured	myself	rushing	about.	I	know	your	feelings	on	such
matters,	and	I	agree,	in	principle,	that	honesty	with	sensitivity	is	the	best	approach,	but	it
would	do	him	such	great	harm	to	know	the	truth.	He	would	never	knowingly	hurt	a	fly.	I
couldn’t	bear	to	see	him	shamed	so.	.	.	.	Now	you	must	not	worry!	I	would	never	have	told
you	 if	 I’d	 thought	 it	 would	 cause	 you	 to	 suffer	 so	 dreadfully.	 I	 assure	 you	 I’m	 all	 right.
Physical	 wounds	 heal;	 damage	 to	 one’s	 spirit	 is	 so	 much	 worse.	 .	 .	 .	 I	 made	 Anthony	 a
promise	and	promises	must	be	kept.	You’re	the	one	who	taught	me	that.	.	.	.
As	she	read,	it	became	clear	to	Sadie	that	Llewellyn	was	also	privy	to	Eleanor’s	affair
with	 Benjamin	 Munro.	 My	 friend,	 as	 you	 insist	 on	 quaintly	 (coyly!)	 calling	 him,	 is
well.	.	.	.	Of	course	I	am	racked	with	guilt.	It	is	very	kind	of	you	to	point	out	differences
between	my	mother	and	me,	but	beneath	your	generous	words,	I	know	our	actions	are	not
so	 dissimilar.	 .	 .	 .	 In	 my	 own	 defense,	 if	 I	 might	 be	 allowed	 to	 make	 one,	 I	 love	 him,
differently	from	Anthony	of	course,	but	I	know	now	it	is	possible	for	the	human	heart	to
love	in	two	places	.	.	.	And	then,	in	the	final	letter:	You	are	quite	right,	Anthony	must	never
know.	Far	more	than	a	setback,	it	would	destroy	him.	.	.	.
The	 last	 letter	 was	 dated	 April	 1933	 and	 the	 book	 contained	 no	 others.	 Sadie
remembered	that	Daffyd	Llewellyn’s	habit	was	to	live	at	Loeanneth	through	the	summer
months,	 which	 explained	 why	 there’d	 been	 no	 further	 written	 correspondence	 between
them.	She	glanced	again	at	the	line,	You	are	quite	right,	Anthony	must	never	know	.	.	.	it
would	destroy	him.	 It	 wasn’t	 exactly	 proof,	 but	 it	 was	 interesting.	 Judging	 by	 Eleanor’s
response,	Llewellyn	had	been	very	worried	about	how	Anthony	might	react	if	he	learned
of	the	affair.	Sadie	wondered	whether	his	anxieties	had	even	contributed	to	the	depression
that	 led	 him	 to	 suicide.	 She	 wasn’t	 an	 expert,	 but	 it	 didn’t	 seem	 impossible.	 It	 certainly
helped	to	explain	the	timing,	which	still	niggled	in	the	back	corner	of	her	brain.
Sadie	 brightened.	 Alice	 had	 said	 her	 mother	 stored	 the	 letters	 she	 received	 in	 the
drawers	on	either	side	of	her	desk.	With	any	luck,	those	from	Daffyd	Llewellyn	would	be
there.	She	could	see	exactly	what	he’d	feared—and	how	much—written	in	his	own	words.
Sadie	unlocked	both	drawers.	Hundreds	of	envelopes,	raggedy	where	they’d	been	opened,
had	been	bound	into	groups	and	tied	with	colored	ribbon.	All	were	addressed	to	Mrs.	A.
Edevane,	 some	 typed	 officially,	 others	 handwritten.	 Sadie	 riffled	 through,	 bundle	 by
bundle,	hunting	for	those	from	Daffyd	Llewellyn.
She	was	still	empty-handed	when	she	came	across	a	batch,	unusual	for	the	top	envelope
having	 neither	 an	 address	 nor	 a	 stamp	 on	 it.	 Perplexed,	 Sadie	 scanned	 through	 the	 rest.
There	 were	 one	 or	 two	 that	 had	 arrived	 officially	 through	 the	 post,	 but	 the	 rest	 were	 as
blank	as	the	first.	And	then	it	dawned	on	her.	The	soft	red	ribbon,	the	faint	powdery	hint	of
perfume.	They	were	love	letters.
Not	 strictly	 what	 she’d	 set	 out	 to	 find,	 but	 Sadie	 was	 overcome	 with	 a	 frisson	 of
curiosity.	 Besides,	 there	 was	 a	 chance	 Eleanor	 had	 shared	 with	 her	 lover	 the	 fears	 she
harbored	 about	 Anthony’s	 condition.	 She	 pulled	 at	 the	 red	 ribbon,	 so	 eager	 to	 open	 the
bundle	that	she	sent	them	scattering	to	the	floor	around	her.	She	was	cursing	herself	for
having	 got	 them	 out	 of	 order	 when	 something	 caught	 her	 eye.	 Something	 that	 didn’t
belong	in	this	bundle	at	all.

She	 recognized	 the	 stationery	 at	 once,	 the	 woven	 pattern	 of	 deep	 green	 ivy	 tendrils
snaking	around	the	margins,	the	handwriting,	the	pen:	it	was	a	perfect	match.	This	was	the
first	half	of	the	letter	she’d	found	when	she	was	exploring	the	boathouse,	the	letter	Eleanor
had	written	to	Anthony	when	he	was	away	at	war.	Sadie’s	heart	was	thumping	even	as	she
smoothed	 out	 the	 sheet	 of	 paper.	 Later,	 it	 would	 seem	 to	 her	 as	 if	 she’d	 experienced	 a
presentiment	of	what	she	was	about	to	discover,	because	as	she	started	to	read,	a	missing
piece	of	the	puzzle,	a	clue	she	hadn’t	even	realized	she	was	searching	for,	fell	right	into
her	lap.
“Sadie?”
She	 looked	 up	 with	 a	 start.	 It	 was	 Clive,	 standing	 in	 the	 doorway,	 a	 leather-bound
notebook	in	his	hand,	an	enlivened	expression	on	his	face.
“Ah,	there	you	are,”	he	said.
“Here	I	am,”	she	parroted,	her	mind	still	racing	with	the	implications	of	what	she’d	just
uncovered.
“I	think	I’ve	got	it,”	he	said	excitedly,	walking	as	quickly	as	his	old	legs	would	allow
him	to	sit	on	the	edge	of	the	bed	near	Sadie.	“In	Anthony’s	journal	from	1933.	Alice	was
right,	he	was	a	prolific	diarist.	There’s	one	for	each	year,	filled	mostly	with	observations
of	 the	 natural	 world	 and	 memory	 exercises.	 I	 recognized	 them	 from	 my	 early	 days	 with
the	police,	back	when	I	was	trying	to	teach	myself	to	remember	every	detail	from	a	crime
scene.	But	there	were	diary	entries,	too,	in	the	form	of	letters	to	a	fellow	called	Howard.	A
friend,	I	gather,	who’d	been	killed	in	the	first	war.	That’s	where	I	found	it.	In	June	1933,
Anthony	 seems	 to	 enter	 a	 new	 dark	 patch.	 He	 tells	 his	 mate	 he’d	 felt	 himself	 declining
over	the	past	year,	that	something	had	changed,	he	just	hadn’t	known	what	it	was,	and	that
the	birth	of	his	son	hadn’t	made	things	better.	In	fact,	when	I	looked	over	old	entries,	he
mentioned	a	few	times	that	the	sound	of	the	little	fellow	crying	brought	back	memories	of
an	experience	he	calls	‘the	incident,’	something	that	happened	during	the	war.	In	his	last
entry	 before	 Midsummer,	 he	 writes	 that	 his	 eldest	 daughter,	 Deborah,	 had	 come	 to	 see
him,	and	that	she’d	told	him	something	that	changed	everything,	explaining	his	feeling	of
something	amiss	and	‘shattering	the	illusion’	of	his	perfect	life.”
“The	affair,”	Sadie	said,	thinking	of	Daffyd	Llewellyn’s	concerns.
“It	has	to	be.”
Anthony	had	learned	of	the	affair	just	before	Midsummer.	It	was	enough,	surely,	to	tip
him	over	the	edge.	Daffyd	Llewellyn	had	certainly	been	worried	about	that.	Now,	though,
in	light	of	what	she’d	just	read,	Sadie	wondered	if	that	was	all	he’d	discovered.
“How	 about	 you?”	 Clive	 nodded	 at	 the	 envelopes	 still	 scattered	 over	 the	 carpet.
“Anything	of	interest?”
“You	could	say	that.”
“Well?”
She	 filled	 him	 in	 quickly	 on	 the	 partial	 letter	 she’d	 found	 at	 the	 boathouse,	 the	 letter
from	 Eleanor	 to	 Anthony,	 written	 when	 he	 was	 away	 at	 the	 war	 and	 she	 was	 alone	 at
home,	pregnant	with	Alice,	and	wondering	how	she	was	going	to	manage	without	him.

“And?”	Clive	urged.
“I	 just	 found	 the	 other	 half,	 the	 first	 half.	 Here,	 amongst	 Eleanor’s	 other
correspondence.”
“Is	that	it?”	He	nodded	at	the	leaf	of	paper	in	Sadie’s	hand.	“May	I?”
She	passed	it	to	Clive,	who	skimmed	the	contents,	his	eyebrows	lifting.	“Goodness.”
“Yes.”
“It’s	passionate.”
“Yes.”
“But	it	isn’t	addressed	to	Anthony	at	all.	It	says,	Dearest	Ben.”
“That’s	 right,”	 Sadie	 said.	 “And	 it’s	 dated	 May	 1932.	 Which	 means	 the	 unborn	 baby
she’s	writing	about	isn’t	Alice.	It’s	Theo.”
“But	that	means	.	.	.”
“Exactly.	Theo	Edevane	wasn’t	Anthony’s	son.	He	was	Ben’s.”

29
CORNWALL,	1932

Eleanor	 hadn’t	 meant	 to	 fall	 pregnant,	 not	 to	 Ben,	 but	 she	 didn’t	 regret	 it	 for	 a	 second.
She’d	known	almost	as	soon	as	it	happened.	Ten	years	had	passed	since	she’d	fallen	with
Clementine,	but	she	hadn’t	forgotten.	She’d	felt	immediate	and	immense	love	for	the	little
person	 growing	 inside	 her.	 Anthony	 had	 sometimes	 shown	 her	 the	 view	 through	 his
microscope,	so	she	knew	about	cells	and	building	blocks	and	the	fabric	of	life.	Her	love
for	 the	 baby	 was	 cellular.	 They	 were	 one	 and	 the	 same	 and	 she	 couldn’t	 imagine	 life
without	the	tiny	being.
So	intense,	so	personal	was	her	love,	that	it	was	easy	to	forget	the	baby	had	a	father,
that	 she	 hadn’t	 somehow	 brought	 him	 into	 being	 by	 strength	 of	 will	 alone—particularly
when	the	promised	child	was	so	small,	so	safely	tucked	away.	He	remained	her	secret	(she
was	sure	the	baby	was	a	boy),	and	Eleanor	was	good	at	keeping	secrets.	She’d	had	a	lot	of
practice.	She’d	kept	Anthony’s	secret	for	years,	and	her	own	since	meeting	Ben.
Ben.	In	the	beginning,	Eleanor	had	told	herself	he	was	simply	an	addiction.	Once,	when
she	was	a	little	girl,	Eleanor’s	father	had	given	her	a	kite,	a	special	kite	shipped	all	the	way
from	China,	and	he’d	taught	her	to	fly	it.	Eleanor	had	loved	that	kite	with	a	passion,	the
tremendous	colored	tails,	the	strength	of	the	quivering	strings	in	her	hands,	the	strange	and
wonderful	writing	on	the	kite’s	side	that	was	more	like	an	illustration	than	a	language.
Together	she	and	her	father	had	scoured	the	fields	of	Loeanneth,	looking	for	the	best
place	 to	 launch	 the	 kite,	 the	 finest	 winds	 to	 fly	 it.	 Eleanor	 became	 obsessed.	 She	 kept
flight	notes	in	a	book,	she	drew	copious	diagrams	and	plans	for	design	adjustments,	and
she	 found	 herself	 waking	 suddenly	 in	 the	 night,	 sitting	 up	 in	 bed	 going	 through	 the
motions	of	letting	out	the	anchor	system,	her	hands	winding	the	reel	of	a	ghost	kite	as	if
she	were	still	out	in	the	field.
“You’ve	developed	an	addiction,”	Nanny	Bruen	had	said	with	a	look	of	stern	distaste,
before	 taking	 the	 kite	 from	 the	 nursery	 and	 hiding	 it.	 “An	 addiction	 is	 a	 devil,	 and	 the
devil	goes	away	when	he	finds	the	door	shut	firm	against	him.”
Eleanor	had	developed	an	addiction	to	Ben,	or	so	she	told	herself,	but	now	she	was	an
adult,	in	charge	of	her	own	destiny.	There	was	no	Nanny	Bruen	to	burn	the	kite	and	shut
the	door	and	so	she	was	free	to	walk	right	through.
“I	was	just	about	to	light	the	fire,”	he’d	said,	the	day	she	came	upon	him	in	the	caravan.
“Would	you	like	to	come	inside	and	wait	for	the	storm	to	pass?”
It	was	still	pouring	rain,	and	without	the	hunt	for	Edwina	to	fuel	her,	Eleanor	realized
how	cold	she	was,	how	drenched.	She	could	see	beyond	him	into	a	small	sitting	room	that

seemed	 suddenly	 the	 height	 of	 comfort	 and	 warmth.	 Behind	 her,	 the	 rain	 was	 pounding
and	Edwina,	solid	at	her	feet,	had	clearly	made	up	her	mind	to	stay.	Eleanor	couldn’t	see
that	she	had	much	choice	in	the	matter.	She	thanked	him,	took	a	breath,	and	went	inside.
The	man	followed,	closing	the	door	behind	him,	and	immediately	the	noise	of	teeming
rain	reduced.	He	handed	her	a	towel	and	then	busied	himself	lighting	a	fire	in	a	small	castiron	stove	in	the	middle	of	the	caravan.	Eleanor	took	the	opportunity	as	she	patted	her	hair
dry	to	look	around.
The	 caravan	 was	 comfortable,	 but	 not	 plush.	 Just	 enough	 had	 been	 done	 to	 make	 it
homely.	On	the	windowsill,	she	noticed,	were	more	of	those	delicate	paper	cranes	she’d
seen	him	folding	on	the	train.
“Please,	sit	down,”	he	said.	“I’ll	have	this	lit	in	a	moment.	It’s	a	little	temperamental
but	we’ve	been	on	good	terms	lately.”
Eleanor	pushed	aside	a	whisper	of	misgiving.	She	was	aware	that	his	bed,	the	place	he
slept,	was	visible	behind	the	drawn	curtain	at	the	other	end	of	the	caravan.	She	averted	her
gaze,	laid	the	towel	across	a	cane	chair,	and	sat.	Rain	fell	softly	now	and	it	occurred	to	her,
not	for	the	first	time,	that	it	was	one	of	the	best	sounds	she	knew.	To	be	inside,	with	the
hope	of	soon	being	warm	and	dry,	while	rain	fell	outside,	was	a	splendid,	simple	joy.
Flames	 leapt	 and	 the	 fire	 began	 to	 crackle	 and	 he	 stood	 up.	 He	 tossed	 a	 spent	 match
into	the	fire	and	closed	the	grate.	“I	do	know	you,”	he	said.	“The	train,	the	full	train	from
London	to	Cornwall	some	months	ago.	You	were	in	my	carriage.”
“As	I	remember	it,	you	were	in	mine.”
He	smiled	and	her	heart	gave	a	dangerous,	unexpected	flutter.	“I	can’t	argue	with	that.	I
was	 lucky	 to	 get	 a	 ticket	 at	 all.”	 He	 dusted	 soot	 from	 his	 hands	 onto	 his	 trousers.	 “I
remembered	you	as	soon	as	we	parted	at	the	post	office.	I	went	back,	but	you’d	already
left.”
He’d	 gone	 back.	 The	 fact	 was	 unnerving	 and	 Eleanor	 hid	 her	 disquiet	 beneath	 an
inspection	of	the	caravan.	“You’re	living	here?”	she	said.
“For	the	time	being.	It	belongs	to	the	farmer	who	employs	me.”
“I	 thought	 you’d	 finished	 working	 for	 Mr.	 Nicolson.”	 She	 cursed	 herself.	 Now	 he
would	know	she’d	asked	about	him.	He	didn’t	react	and	she	quickly	changed	the	subject.
“There’s	no	running	water	or	electricity.”
“I	don’t	need	those	things.”
“Where	do	you	cook?”
He	nodded	at	the	fire.
“Where	do	you	bathe?”
He	inclined	his	head	towards	the	stream.
Eleanor	raised	her	eyebrows.
He	laughed.	“I	find	it	peaceful	here.”

“Peaceful?”
“Haven’t	you	ever	wanted	to	drop	out	of	the	world?”
Eleanor	thought	of	the	rigors	of	being	Mother,	the	hatred	she	felt	when	her	own	mother
nodded	approvingly,	the	constant	watching	that	had	made	her	bones	stiffen	and	the	cogs	of
her	 mind	 tighten	 as	 if	 elastic	 bands	 were	 holding	 them	 rigid.	 “No,”	 she	 said,	 in	 that
approximation	of	a	light	voice	she’d	perfected	over	the	years,	“I	can’t	say	I	have.”
“I	suppose	it’s	not	for	everybody,”	he	said	with	a	shrug.	“Would	you	like	a	cup	of	tea
while	your	things	dry?”
Eleanor’s	glance	followed	his	gesturing	arm	to	a	saucepan	on	the	stovetop.	“Well	.	.	.”
she	said.	It	was	cold,	after	all,	and	her	shoes	were	still	wet.	“Perhaps	just	while	I	wait	for
the	rain	to	stop.”
He	 brewed	 the	 tea	 and	 she	 asked	 about	 the	 saucepan	 and	 he	 laughed	 and	 told	 her	 he
didn’t	have	a	kettle	but	it	seemed	to	do	the	trick.
“You	don’t	like	kettles?”
“I	like	them	well	enough;	I	just	don’t	own	one.”
“Not	even	at	home?”
“This	is	my	home;	at	least	it	is	for	now.”
“But	where	do	you	go	when	you	leave?”
“To	the	next	place.	I	have	itchy	feet,”	he	explained.	“I	don’t	stay	anywhere	for	long.”
“I	don’t	think	I	could	bear	not	to	have	a	home.”
“People	are	my	home,	the	ones	I	love.”
Eleanor	smiled,	bittersweet.	She	could	remember	saying	something	very	similar,	many
years,	a	lifetime,	ago.
“You	don’t	agree?”
“People	change,	don’t	they?”	She	hadn’t	meant	to	sound	so	tart.	“A	house,	though—a
house	 with	 walls	 and	 a	 floor	 and	 a	 roof	 on	 top;	 with	 rooms	 full	 of	 special	 things;	 with
memories	in	the	shadows—well,	it’s	dependable.	Safe	and	real	and	.	.	.”
“Honest?”	He	handed	her	a	cup	of	steaming	tea	and	sat	in	the	chair	beside	her.
“Yes,”	 Eleanor	 said.	 “Yes,	 that’s	 it	 exactly.	 Honest	 and	 good	 and	 true.”	 She	 smiled,
embarrassed	suddenly	to	have	expressed	such	a	vehement	opinion.	She	felt	exposed,	and
odd—what	 kind	 of	 person	 felt	 such	 things	 about	 a	 house?	 But	 he	 smiled,	 too,	 and	 she
glimpsed	that	although	he	disagreed,	he	understood.
It	had	been	a	long	time	since	Eleanor	had	met	someone	new,	since	she’d	been	able	to
relax	enough	to	inquire	and	listen	and	respond.	She	let	down	her	guard,	and	spoke	with
him,	 asking	 him	 questions	 about	 his	 life.	 He’d	 grown	 up	 in	 the	 Far	 East,	 his	 father	 an
archaeologist	and	his	mother	an	avid	traveler;	they’d	encouraged	him	to	make	his	own	life
and	 not	 to	 be	 bound	 by	 society’s	 expectations	 of	 him.	 Sentiments	 Eleanor	 could	 almost
remember	having	felt	herself.

Time	passed	in	a	strange	unnatural	way,	as	if	the	atmosphere	inside	the	caravan	existed
outside	the	ebbs	and	flows	of	the	wider	world.	The	fabric	of	reality	had	dissolved	so	it	was
just	the	two	of	them.	Eleanor	had	observed	over	the	years	that	even	without	a	watch	she
was	 able	 to	 tell	 the	 time	 accurately	 to	 within	 five	 minutes,	 but	 here	 she	 lost	 track
completely.	 It	 wasn’t	 until	 she	 chanced	 to	 see	 a	 small	 clock	 standing	 on	 the	 windowsill
that	she	realized	two	hours	had	passed.
“I	 have	 to	 go,”	 she	 gasped,	 handing	 him	 her	 empty	 teacup	 as	 she	 stood.	 Such
carelessness	was	unprecedented.	It	was	unthinkable.	The	girls,	Anthony,	Mother	.	.	.	what
would	they	be	saying?
He	stood,	too,	but	neither	of	them	moved.	That	same	strange	current	passed	between
them,	 the	 one	 she’d	 noticed	 on	 the	 train,	 and	 Eleanor	 felt	 a	 compulsion	 to	 stay,	 to	 hide,
never	to	leave	that	room.	She	should	have	said	goodbye,	but	what	she	said	instead	was,	“I
still	have	your	handkerchief.”
“From	the	train?”	He	laughed.	“I	told	you:	it’s	yours.”
“I	can’t.	It	was	one	thing	before,	I	had	no	way	of	returning	it	to	you,	but	now	.	.	.”
“Now?”
“Well,	now	I	know	where	you	are.”
“Yes,”	he	said.	“You	do.”
Eleanor	felt	a	chill	travel	down	her	spine.	He	hadn’t	touched	her	but	she	wanted	him	to.
She	had	a	sense	of	herself	at	the	edge	of	a	precipice,	and	in	that	moment	she	wanted	to
fall.	Later	she	would	realize	that	she	already	had.
“You’ve	certainly	got	a	spring	in	your	step,”	her	mother	noted	later	that	afternoon.	“It’s	a
wonder	what	being	caught	out	in	the	rain	can	do	for	one’s	spirits.”
And	that	night,	when	Eleanor	climbed	into	bed	beside	Anthony,	when	she	reached	for
him	and	he	patted	her	hand	before	rolling	away,	she	lay	very	still	in	the	dark,	tracing	the
lines	on	the	ceiling,	listening	as	her	husband’s	breathing	steadied	and	deepened,	trying	to
remember	 when	 she’d	 become	 so	 isolated,	 and	 seeing	 in	 her	 mind’s	 eye	 the	 young	 man
from	 the	 train,	 the	 man	 whose	 first	 name,	 she	 realized	 only	 now,	 she	 still	 didn’t	 know;
who’d	made	her	laugh	and	think	and	soften,	and	who	was	only	a	walk	away.
At	first	it	was	simply	about	feeling	alive	after	so	many	years.	Eleanor	hadn’t	noticed	she
was	turning	into	stone.	She	knew	she’d	changed	over	the	decade	or	so	since	Anthony	had
returned	from	the	war,	but	she	hadn’t	appreciated	just	how	great	a	toll	her	determination	to
look	after	him,	to	protect	and	make	him	well,	to	keep	the	girls	from	being	hurt,	had	taken.
And	 there	 was	 Ben,	 so	 free	 and	 light	 and	 good-humored.	 The	 affair	 offered	 escape	 and
closeness	 and	 selfish	 pleasure,	 and	 it	 was	 easy	 enough	 to	 tell	 herself	 he	 was	 merely	 an
addiction,	a	temporary	balm.
But	 the	 symptoms	 of	 addiction—the	 obsessive	 thoughts,	 the	 disturbed	 sleep,	 the
exquisite	pleasure	derived	from	the	scribbling	of	someone	else’s	name	on	a	fresh	sheet	of

paper,	of	seeing	it	written	there,	a	thought	made	real—are	remarkably	similar	to	those	of
falling	in	love,	and	Eleanor	didn’t	realize	at	once	what	was	happening.	Then	again,	she’d
never	 imagined	 it	 was	 possible	 to	 love	 two	 people	 at	 once.	 She	 was	 shocked	 when	 she
caught	herself	humming	one	day,	an	old	ballet	melody	she	hadn’t	thought	of	in	an	age,	and
realized	that	being	with	Ben	made	her	feel	just	as	she	had	when	she	first	met	Anthony,	as
if	the	world	were	suddenly,	startlingly,	brighter	than	it	had	been	before.
She	was	in	love	with	him.
The	words	in	her	head	were	astonishing	and	yet	they	rang	with	truth.	She’d	forgotten
love	 could	 be	 like	 that,	 simple	 and	 easy	 and	 joyous.	 The	 love	 she	 felt	 for	 Anthony	 had
deepened	 over	 the	 decades,	 and	 it	 had	 changed;	 life	 had	 thrown	 the	 pair	 of	 them
challenges	and	love	had	adapted	to	meet	them.	Love	had	come	to	mean	putting	someone
else	first,	sacrificing,	keeping	the	patched-up	ship	from	sinking	in	the	storms.	With	Ben,
though,	love	was	a	little	rowboat	in	which	one	floated	calm	above	it	all.
When	 she	 fell	 pregnant,	 Eleanor	 knew	 at	 once	 whose	 baby	 it	 was.	 Even	 so,	 she	 made	 a
point	 of	 counting	 back	 over	 the	 weeks,	 just	 to	 make	 sure.	 It	 would	 have	 been	 so	 much
easier	had	the	baby	been	Anthony’s.
Eleanor	never	considered	lying	to	Ben,	and	yet	she	didn’t	tell	him	at	once.	The	human
brain	has	a	knack	for	tackling	complex	problems	with	denial,	and	Eleanor	simply	focused
on	her	joy:	there	was	going	to	be	a	baby,	she’d	always	dreamed	of	having	another,	a	baby
would	 make	 Anthony	 happy.	 More	 than	 that,	 another	 child	 would	 make	 him	 well.	 This
idea	had	been	part	of	her	thinking	for	so	long	it	didn’t	occur	to	Eleanor	to	question	it.
The	knotty	issue	of	the	baby’s	paternity	she	refused	at	first	to	acknowledge.	Even	as	her
belly	 began	 to	 harden	 and	 she	 felt	 the	 flutter	 of	 small	 movements,	 Eleanor	 nursed	 her
secret	to	herself.	At	four	months,	though,	having	broken	the	wonderful	news	to	Anthony
and	the	girls,	she	knew	that	it	was	time	to	talk	to	Ben.	She	was	starting	to	show.
As	 she	 considered	 how	 to	 tell	 him,	 Eleanor	 realized	 she	 was	 dreading	 it,	 but	 not
because	 she	 feared	 Ben	 would	 make	 things	 difficult.	 Ever	 since	 the	 first	 day	 in	 the
caravan,	she’d	been	waiting	for	him	to	disappear,	anticipating	bleakly	the	day	she’d	turn
up	and	he’d	be	gone.	Each	time	she’d	walked	along	the	stream	to	meet	him,	she’d	held	her
breath,	preparing	for	the	worst.	She’d	certainly	never	spoken	the	word	love	out	loud.	The
thought	of	losing	him	had	been	agony,	but	Eleanor	continued	to	remind	herself	that	he	was
a	drifter,	and	that	she’d	known	it	from	the	start.	It	had	been	part	of	the	attraction	and	the
reason	she’d	allowed	herself	to	become	involved	at	all.	His	temporariness	had	seemed	the
very	antithesis	of	the	burden	she	carried.	One	day	he	would	leave,	she’d	told	herself,	and	it
would	be	over.	No	ties;	no	regrets;	no	real	harm	done.
But	she’d	been	fooling	herself,	and	now	Eleanor	saw	just	how	false	and	blustering	her
casual	attitude	had	been.	Faced	with	delivering	the	news	that	was	bound	to	make	him	run,
her	bohemian	lover,	a	man	who	didn’t	even	have	a	kettle	to	his	name,	she	realized	how
deeply	she’d	come	to	depend	upon	him:	his	comfort	and	humor,	his	kind	and	gentle	ways.
She	 loved	 him,	 and	 despite	 the	 practical	 solution	 his	 leaving	 would	 provide,	 she	 didn’t
want	him	to	go.

Even	as	she	thought	it,	though,	Eleanor	cursed	herself	for	entertaining	naïve	hopes.	Of
course	things	couldn’t	stay	the	same.	She	was	going	to	have	a	baby.	She	was	married	to
Anthony.	He	was	her	husband	and	she	loved	him,	she	always	would.	The	only	thing	for	it
was	to	tell	Ben	he	was	going	to	be	a	father,	and	watch	him	pack	his	bags.
She	hadn’t	counted	on	biology.	She	hadn’t	counted	on	love.
“A	baby,”	he’d	said	with	wonderment	when	she	told	him.	“A	baby.”
There	was	an	unusual	look	on	his	face,	a	smile	of	joy	and	pleasure,	but,	more	than	that,
of	awe.	Even	before	Theo	was	born,	Ben	had	fallen	in	love	with	him.
“We’ve	made	a	little	person,”	he	said,	he	who	had	shied	away	from	responsibility	and
commitment	 all	 his	 life.	 “I	 never	 imagined	 it	 would	 be	 like	 this.	 I	 feel	 connected	 to	 the
baby,	and	to	you;	the	tie	is	unbreakable.	Do	you	feel	it	too?”
What	could	she	say?	She	did	feel	it	too.	The	baby	tied	Eleanor	to	Ben	in	a	way	that	was
quite	separate	from	the	love	she	felt	for	Anthony,	the	future	she	envisaged	for	her	family
at	Loeanneth.
Ben’s	excitement	over	the	next	few	months,	his	optimism	and	refusal	to	countenance
even	the	slightest	suggestion	that	their	baby’s	conception	was	anything	other	than	perfect
and	desired,	was	contagious.
Ben	was	so	convinced	things	would	fall	into	place—“They	always	do,”	he’d	said,	“I’ve
lived	 my	 entire	 life	 letting	 things	 happen	 as	 they	 must”—that	 Eleanor	 started	 to	 believe
him.	Why	couldn’t	things	continue	as	they	had,	she	and	the	baby	at	Loeanneth	and	Ben
here?	It	had	worked	so	far.
But	Ben	had	different	ideas,	and	in	the	summertime,	as	her	due	date	drew	near,	he	told
her	he	was	leaving	the	caravan.	She’d	thought	at	first	he	meant	to	move	on	from	Cornwall,
and	the	sudden	change	of	heart	burned,	but	then	he	pushed	a	strand	of	her	hair	behind	her
ear	and	said,	“I	need	to	be	closer.	I’ve	taken	a	new	position	I	saw	advertised	in	the	local
paper.	Mr.	Harris	said	that	I	could	start	next	week.	There’s	a	boathouse,	apparently,	where
garden	staff	sometimes	stay?”
Perhaps	 Eleanor’s	 worry	 showed	 on	 her	 face,	 for	 he	 went	 on	 quickly,	 “I	 won’t	 make
things	difficult,	I	promise.”	He	placed	both	hands	gently	on	her	firm,	round	belly.	“But	I
have	 to	 be	 closer,	 Eleanor.	 I	 need	 to	 be	 with	 you	 both.	 You	 and	 the	 baby,	 you’re	 my
home.”
Ben	 started	 work	 at	 Loeanneth	 in	 the	 late	 summer	 of	 1932.	 He	 walked	 up	 the	 driveway
one	afternoon,	in	the	middle	of	a	hot	spell,	looking	for	all	the	world	as	if	he	knew	nothing
of	 the	 estate	 except	 that	 a	 position	 on	 the	 garden	 staff	 had	 been	 advertised.	 Even	 then,
Eleanor	convinced	herself	that	things	would	all	work	out.	Ben	had	a	secure	position	from
which	to	watch	his	baby	grow;	she	would	be	able	to	see	him	whenever	it	pleased	her;	and
Anthony,	dear	Anthony,	need	never	know	the	truth.

She	 was	 living	 in	 a	 fool’s	 paradise,	 of	 course.	 Love,	 her	 excitement	 about	 the	 baby’s
impending	arrival,	the	long	stretch	of	summer—all	had	blinded	her	to	reality,	but	it	didn’t
take	long	for	paradise	to	lose	its	sheen.	Ben’s	proximity	made	the	whole	affair	real.	He	had
existed	for	Eleanor	previously	in	a	different	realm,	but	now,	here,	he	was	transplanted	into
the	life	she	shared	with	her	family,	and	Eleanor’s	guilt,	long	suppressed,	began	to	stir.
She’d	 been	 wrong	 to	 betray	 Anthony.	 Eleanor	 saw	 it	 so	 clearly	 now,	 she	 couldn’t
imagine	what	she’d	been	thinking.	What	had	come	over	her?	Anthony	was	her	dear	love.
She	 saw	 his	 bright	 young	 face	 in	 her	 mind’s	 eye—that	 morning	 so	 long	 ago	 when	 he’d
rescued	 her	 from	 the	 path	 of	 the	 omnibus,	 their	 wedding	 day	 when	 he’d	 smiled	 and
squeezed	her	hand	and	she’d	glimpsed	their	future	stretching	ahead	of	them,	the	afternoon
at	the	railway	station	when	he’d	gone	off	to	war,	so	eager	to	be	useful—and	it	made	her
want	to	curl	up	and	die	from	shame.
Eleanor	began	to	avoid	the	garden.	It	was	a	fitting	punishment;	the	garden	had	always
been	 her	 favorite	 part	 of	 Loeanneth,	 a	 place	 of	 comfort	 and	 solace,	 and	 she	 deserved	 to
lose	it.	But	there	was	another	reason	she	stayed	away.	Her	guilt	had	nurtured	a	neurotic
fear	that	she	would	accidentally	reveal	herself,	that	there’d	be	an	encounter	with	Ben	and
somehow	 she’d	 give	 up	 her	 secret.	 She	 couldn’t	 risk	 it:	 the	 consequences	 for	 Anthony
would	 be	 devastating.	 She	 turned	 away	 quickly	 from	 the	 window	 if	 she	 ever	 caught	 a
glimpse	of	Ben	striding	across	the	grounds,	and	she	began	to	lie	awake	at	night,	worrying
about	what	would	happen	if	he	decided	he	wanted	more	of	their	baby	than	she	was	willing
to	give	him.
But	no	matter	how	she	berated	herself,	no	matter	how	contrite	she	felt,	Eleanor	could
never	 wholly	 regret	 the	 affair.	 How	 could	 she,	 when	 her	 actions	 had	 given	 her	 Theo?
She’d	loved	the	little	boy	specially	from	the	moment	she	knew	she	was	carrying	him,	but
after	he	was	born	she	cherished	him.	It	wasn’t	that	she	loved	him	more	than	she’d	loved
her	infant	daughters,	rather	that	she	was	a	different	woman	now	from	the	one	she’d	been
back	then.	Life	had	changed	her.	She	was	older,	sadder,	in	greater	need	of	comfort.	She
was	able	to	love	this	baby	with	a	liberating	selflessness.	Best	of	all,	with	Theo,	when	it
was	just	the	two	of	them,	she	could	be	Eleanor.	Mother	was	gone.
Never,	not	once,	amongst	all	the	scenarios	she’d	imagined	and	worried	about,	had	Eleanor
considered	 the	 fact	 that	 Anthony’s	 condition	 might	 get	 worse,	 rather	 than	 better,	 after
Theo’s	birth.	She’d	come	to	believe	so	firmly	over	the	years	that	a	new	baby—a	son!—
was	just	what	he	needed	to	get	well,	that	there	was	room	for	no	alternative	in	her	mind.
But	she’d	been	wrong.	The	trouble	started	almost	immediately,	when	Theo	was	only	a	few
weeks	old.
Anthony	adored	him,	cradling	him	gently,	staring	with	wonder	into	his	small,	perfect
face,	but	his	joy	was	often	tinged	with	melancholy,	a	bitter	shame	that	his	life	should	be	so
perfect	 when	 others	 had	 suffered	 such	 privations.	 Worse	 than	 that,	 sometimes	 when	 the
baby	 cried,	 a	 look	 would	 settle	 on	 Anthony’s	 face,	 a	 blank	 expression,	 as	 if	 he	 were
distracted	by	other	things,	secret	things,	playing	out	inside	his	head.
It	was	those	nights	when	the	bad	dreams	came—the	fearful	shaking,	the	instructions	to
“Stop	 the	 baby	 crying,”	 to	 “Keep	 him	 quiet,”	 and	 Eleanor	 had	 to	 use	 all	 her	 strength	 to

prevent	 him	 charging	 down	 the	 hall	 to	 do	 it	 himself—that	 she	 wondered	 what	 on	 earth
she’d	done.
And	 then	 on	 Clementine’s	 twelfth	 birthday	 they	 gave	 her	 the	 glider.	 It	 had	 been
Anthony’s	 idea,	 and	 a	 good	 one,	 but	 Eleanor’s	 hopes	 of	 avoiding	 the	 garden	 were	 shot.
They’d	already	had	their	lunch	when	Clemmie	unwrapped	the	gift	and	ran	outside,	so	it
was	only	the	tea-and-cake	course	left	before	the	formal	part	of	the	day	was	over.	Eleanor
told	herself	that	no	harm	could	come	in	so	short	a	time,	and	issued	weary	instructions	to
the	maid	to	bring	the	tray	into	the	garden.
The	weather	was	beautiful,	one	of	those	crisp,	sunny	autumn	afternoons	during	which	a
daring	 person	 might	 still	 swim.	 Everybody	 had	 entered	 into	 the	 celebratory	 spirit	 of	 the
day,	larking	about	on	the	lawn,	tossing	the	glider,	laughing	when	it	almost	took	a	scalp;
but	Eleanor	was	tense.	She	was	aware	that	Ben	was	working	down	by	the	lake,	anxious
that	 her	 family	 shouldn’t	 see	 the	 two	 of	 them	 together,	 worried	 that	 Ben	 would	 notice
Theo’s	basket	and	find	a	reason	to	make	his	way	up	to	the	lawn	to	join	the	party.
He	 wouldn’t	 do	 that;	 he’d	 promised	 her	 he	 wouldn’t.	 But	 fear	 makes	 a	 person	 think
crazy	things,	and	she	just	wanted	the	day	to	be	over,	for	them	to	have	their	cake	and	tea
and	return	again	to	the	safety	of	the	house.	Clementine,	however,	had	other	ideas.	It	felt,	in
fact,	as	if	the	whole	family	was	involved	in	a	conspiracy	against	her.	No	one	wanted	tea,
they	waved	aside	offers	of	cake,	and	she	was	stuck	playing	Mother,	when	all	she	wanted
was	to	be	alone.
And	 then	 Clemmie,	 who	 seemed	 to	 have	 a	 knack	 for	 choosing	 precisely	 the	 worst
moments	 to	 exercise	 her	 natural	 recklessness,	 began	 climbing	 the	 great	 sycamore.
Eleanor’s	 heart	 was	 in	 her	 mouth,	 her	 nerves	 already	 jangling;	 she	 didn’t	 think	 that	 she
could	bear	it.	She	stood	beneath	the	tree,	focused	intently	on	her	youngest	daughter	as	she
scaled	it,	feet	bare,	skirts	tucked,	knees	scraped,	determined	that	if	Clemmie	were	to	fall,
she,	Eleanor,	was	going	to	catch	her.
Which	was	how	she	missed	it	when	it	happened.	Nanny	Rose	was	the	first	to	notice;
she	gasped	and	reached	to	clutch	Eleanor’s	hand.	“Quick,”	she	whispered.	“The	baby.”
The	words	were	chilling.	The	world	seemed	to	tilt	on	its	axis	as	Eleanor	glanced	over
her	shoulder	and	saw	Anthony	heading	towards	Theo’s	basket.	The	little	one	was	crying
and	she	could	see	from	Anthony’s	stiff	and	awkward	stance	that	he	wasn’t	himself.
Rose	had	already	started	up	the	lawn.	She	was	one	of	the	few	people	who	knew	about
Anthony;	 Eleanor	 hadn’t	 told	 her,	 she’d	 figured	 it	 out	 herself.	 Her	 father	 had	 suffered
similarly,	she’d	said,	on	the	night	she	came	to	tell	Eleanor	she’d	be	there	to	help	if	needed.
“Daffyd,”	Eleanor	said,	“take	the	girls	to	the	boat.”
He	must	have	heard	the	panic	in	her	voice	because	it	took	only	a	split	second	for	him	to
understand,	 and	 then,	 with	 his	 jolliest	 storyteller	 voice,	 gather	 Deborah	 and	 Clemmie	 to
him	and	start	for	where	the	boat	was	moored	in	the	stream.
Eleanor	ran;	she	almost	ran	straight	into	Alice,	who	was	hurrying	to	follow	her	sisters.
Her	heart	was	pounding	and	she	could	think	only	that	she	had	to	get	to	Anthony	in	time.

One	 look	 at	 his	 eyes	 when	 she	 reached	 him	 and	 she	 could	 see	 he	 wasn’t	 there.	 He’d
gone	to	wherever	it	was	he	went	when	the	darkness	came	upon	him.	“The	baby,”	he	was
saying,	his	voice	frantic,	“make	him	stop,	make	him	quiet.”
Eleanor	held	her	husband	tightly,	steering	him	back	towards	the	house,	whispering	to
him	 that	 everything	 was	 all	 right.	 When	 she	 had	 the	 chance,	 she	 looked	 back	 at	 Nanny
Rose	and	saw	that	she	was	settling	Theo.	Rose	caught	her	eye	and	Eleanor	knew	that	she
would	keep	the	little	one	safe.
That	night,	when	Anthony	had	fallen	into	a	heavy,	drug-induced	sleep,	Eleanor	slipped	out
of	the	bedroom	and	walked,	barefoot,	along	the	hall.	She	went	carefully	down	the	stairs,
avoiding	the	pull	in	Grandfather	Horace’s	Baluch	carpet,	her	shadow	skulking	along	the
floor	behind	her.
The	 flagstones	 of	 the	 garden	 path	 still	 held	 the	 day’s	 heat	 at	 their	 core	 and	 Eleanor
relished	their	solidity	beneath	the	soft	soles	of	her	feet.	Those	soles	had	been	tough	once
upon	a	time.
When	 she	 reached	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 lake,	 Eleanor	 stopped	 and	 lit	 one	 of	 the	 cigarettes
that	no	one	knew	she	smoked.	She	drew	deeply	on	it.
She’d	missed	the	garden.	Friend	of	her	childhood.
The	lake	lapped	in	the	darkness,	the	night	birds	rearranged	their	wings,	a	small	creature
—a	fox,	perhaps—darted	away	from	her	in	sudden	alarm.
Eleanor	finished	her	cigarette	and	went	quickly	to	the	stream.	She	unbuttoned	her	dress
and	slipped	it	over	her	head	so	she	was	wearing	only	her	slip.
It	wasn’t	a	cold	night,	though	it	was	too	cool	really	to	swim.	But	Eleanor	had	a	burning
in	her	chest.	She	wanted	to	feel	reborn.	She	wanted	to	feel	alive	and	free	and	untethered.
She	wanted	to	lose	herself,	to	forget	everything	and	everyone	she	knew.	Haven’t	you	ever
wanted	to	drop	out	of	the	world?	Ben	had	asked	her	in	the	caravan.	Yes,	she	had,	she	did,
tonight	more	than	ever.
She	submerged	herself	and	sank	to	the	bottom,	the	reeds	cool	and	slippery	against	her
feet,	 the	 water	 thick	 with	 sediment	 on	 her	 hands.	 She	 imagined	 she	 was	 a	 piece	 of
driftwood	being	buffeted	back	and	forth	by	the	current,	no	responsibilities,	no	worries.
She	broke	the	moonlit	surface	and	floated	on	her	back,	listening	to	the	night	sounds:	a
horse	in	a	nearby	paddock,	the	birds	in	the	woods,	the	gurgling	of	the	stream.
At	some	point	she	realized	she	was	no	longer	alone,	and	somehow	she	knew	that	it	was
Ben.	She	swam	to	the	bank	and	walked	out	of	the	water,	then	went	to	sit	beside	him	on	the
fallen	log.	He	took	off	his	coat	and	wrapped	it	around	her	and	without	having	to	be	told
exactly	what	was	wrong,	he	held	her	and	stroked	her	hair	and	told	her	not	to	worry,	that
everything	was	going	to	be	all	right.	And	Eleanor	let	him	say	it,	because	she’d	missed	him,
and	the	relief	at	being	in	his	arms	right	here,	right	now,	made	her	throat	constrict.
But	Eleanor	knew	the	truth.	She	was	just	like	the	queen	in	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway,
who	so	desired	a	child	she’d	been	willing	to	make	a	deal	with	the	devil	to	get	him.	She’d

opened	the	door	and	walked	through	it	and	loved	where	she	should	not,	and	now	she	must
suffer	the	consequences.	The	world	was	a	place	of	balance	and	natural	justice;	there	was
always	a	price	to	pay,	and	it	was	too	late	now	to	shut	the	door.

30
CORNWALL,	2003

“Well,	I’ll	be	damned.”	Clive	was	staring	at	Sadie,	his	blue	eyes	wide	behind	his	glasses
as	the	implications	of	what	they’d	just	discovered	fell	into	place.
“I	don’t	know	why	it	didn’t	occur	to	me	before,”	she	said.
“No	reason	it	should.	I	was	here	in	1933	and	met	the	entire	family.	No	one	even	hinted
at	such	a	thing.”
“Do	you	think	Anthony	knew?”
Clive	 whistled	 softly	 through	 his	 teeth	 as	 he	 considered	 the	 possibility.	 “It	 certainly
lends	a	darker	tinge	to	events	if	he	did.”
Sadie	had	to	agree.	“Was	there	anything	in	the	journals?”	she	asked.	“Around	the	time
Deborah	paid	her	visit	to	his	study?”
“If	there	was,	it	was	too	cryptic	for	me	to	grasp.”
“What	 about	 during	 the	 interviews	 in	 1933?	 I	 know	 you	 said	 there	 was	 no	 hint	 that
Anthony	 wasn’t	 Theo’s	 biological	 father,	 but	 was	 there	 anything	 else,	 anything	 at	 all?
Some	small	detail	that	didn’t	seem	important	at	the	time	but	might	matter	now?”
Clive	considered.	At	length	he	spoke	doubtfully.	“There	was	something.	I	don’t	know
that	it	means	much,	I	feel	a	bit	silly	even	mentioning	it,	but	back	when	we	first	carried	out
our	interviews,	my	boss	recommended	that	the	Edevanes	talk	to	the	media.	He	was	of	the
opinion	 that	 enlisting	 the	 public’s	 sympathy	 would	 mean	 a	 whole	 lot	 more	 eyes	 on	 the
lookout	for	the	missing	lad.	It	was	stifling	that	day,	all	of	us	in	the	library	downstairs,	a
photographer,	the	journalist,	Anthony	and	Eleanor	Edevane	sitting	side	by	side	on	the	sofa
while	outside	police	were	searching	the	lake.”	He	shook	his	head.	“Terrible,	it	was.	Just
terrible.	 In	 fact,	 Eleanor	 suffered	 a	 bit	 of	 a	 collapse,	 and	 that’s	 when	 Anthony	 called	 an
abrupt	end	to	the	interview.	I	didn’t	blame	him	at	all,	but	what	he	said	stuck	in	my	mind.
“Have	some	pity,”	he	said,	“my	wife	is	in	shock,	her	child	is	gone.”	Clive	looked	at	Sadie,
a	new	determination	in	his	gaze.	“Not	‘our	child,’	but	‘her	child.’ ”
“It	 might	 just	 be	 that	 he	 was	 empathizing	 with	 her,	 describing	 her	 reaction	 in
particular?”
Clive,	 with	 growing	 excitement,	 said,	 “No,	 I	 don’t	 think	 so.	 In	 fact,	 the	 more	 I	 think
about	it,	the	more	suspicious	it	seems.”
Sadie	felt	a	pull	of	resistance.	As	Clive	became	increasingly	certain	that	Anthony	had
known	he	wasn’t	Theo’s	father,	her	urge	grew	to	prove	that	he	hadn’t.	There	was	no	logic
behind	 her	 obstinacy;	 she	 simply	 didn’t	 want	 to	 believe	 it.	 Till	 this	 point,	 she	 and	 Alice
had	 been	 acting	 under	 the	 assumption	 that	 Anthony	 killed	 Theo	 accidentally,	 a	 terrible

consequence	 of	 a	 shell-shock-induced	 rage.	 But	 if	 Theo,	 the	 long-awaited,	 much-adored
son,	wasn’t	his	biological	child,	and	if	Anthony	had	somehow	discovered	the	truth	when
he	learned	of	his	wife’s	infidelity,	then	a	much	grislier	possibility	opened	up.
If	 Donald	 were	 here,	 Sadie	 knew,	 he’d	 accuse	 her	 of	 letting	 the	 family	 get	 under	 her
skin,	and	so,	as	Clive	continued	to	list	the	many	small	observations	he’d	made	of	Anthony
in	1933,	twisting	them	now	to	fit	his	developing	theory,	she	tried	to	keep	an	open	mind.
She	owed	it	to	Alice	not	to	let	her	personal	feelings	cloud	her	judgment.	But	it	was	an	ugly
picture	 Clive	 painted.	 The	 thought	 Anthony	 would	 have	 had	 to	 put	 into	 selecting	 the
perfect	night	to	commit	his	crime,	an	annual	party	during	which	he	knew	his	wife	would
be	 run	 off	 her	 feet	 performing	 her	 duties	 as	 hostess,	 with	 the	 staff	 too	 busy	 to	 notice
anything	unusual.	The	convenient	removal	of	Rose	Waters,	whose	vigilance,	Eleanor	had
lamented	in	her	police	interview,	would	never	have	allowed	any	harm	to	befall	her	charge.
The	young	nanny’s	replacement	with	old	Hilda	Bruen,	who	could	be	counted	on	to	furbish
herself	 with	 a	 draft	 of	 whiskey	 if	 party	 noise	 threatened	 her	 sleep.	 It	 was	 all	 so
premeditated.	And	what	about	Eleanor,	where	did	the	theory	leave	her?	“Do	you	still	think
she	knew?”	Sadie	asked.
“I	 think	 she	 must	 have.	 It’s	 the	 only	 thing	 that	 explains	 her	 resistance	 to	 offering	 a
reward.	She	knew	it	was	a	pointless	exercise,	that	her	son	wasn’t	going	to	be	found.”
“But	why	would	she	have	helped	to	cover	up	the	crime?	Why	didn’t	she	say	anything?
She	stayed	married	to	Anthony	Edevane,	happily	by	all	accounts!”
“Domestic	 situations	 are	 complicated.	 Maybe	 he	 made	 other	 threats,	 maybe	 he
threatened	Benjamin.	That	would	certainly	explain	why	Munro	disappeared	so	completely
off	the	scene.	Maybe	Eleanor	felt	that	she	was	in	some	way	to	blame,	that	her	infidelity
had	driven	him	to	it	in	the	first	place.”
Sadie	 thought	 back	 to	 her	 conversation	 with	 Alice,	 the	 description	 of	 Eleanor	 as
possessing	a	strong	and	specific	set	of	moral	values.	Presumably	a	woman	with	ethics	like
that	would	have	felt	tremendous	guilt	for	having	broken	her	marital	vows.	But	could	she
possibly	have	accepted	Theo’s	death	as	due	punishment?	No.	It	was	one	thing	to	forgive
Anthony	an	accident—and	even	that	was	a	stretch—but	it	was	quite	another	to	excuse	the
murder	of	her	child.	And	no	matter	Sadie’s	determination	to	keep	an	open	mind,	she	just
couldn’t	 marry	 the	 descriptions	 she’d	 read	 of	 Anthony	 Edevane,	 gentle	 father,	 beloved
husband,	brave	ex-soldier,	with	this	picture	of	a	vengeful	monster.
“So,”	said	Clive,	“what	do	you	think?”
He	 was	 eagerly	 awaiting	 Sadie’s	 agreement,	 but	 she	 couldn’t	 give	 it.	 They	 were
missing	 something.	 It	 could	 almost	 be	 made	 to	 make	 sense,	 but	 the	 missing	 piece	 of
puzzle	was	crucial.	“I	think	we	should	go	downstairs,	crack	open	the	thermos,	and	have	a
cuppa.	Let	it	all	percolate	for	a	while.”
Clive	was	deflated	but	he	nodded.	Sun	was	streaming	into	the	room	now	and	as	Sadie
gathered	up	the	scattered	envelopes,	he	went	to	the	open	window.	“Well,	I	never,”	he	said.
“Is	that	who	I	think	it	is?”
Sadie	joined	him,	scanning	the	familiar	view,	the	tangled	garden	and	the	lake	beyond.
Two	 figures	 were	 making	 their	 slow	 way	 up	 the	 path.	 Sadie	 couldn’t	 have	 been	 more

surprised	 had	 she	 seen	 baby	 Theo	 himself	 toddling	 towards	 the	 house.	 “It’s	 Alice,”	 she
said.	“Alice	Edevane	and	her	assistant,	Peter.”
“Alice	Edevane,”	Clive	repeated,	with	a	soft	whistle	of	disbelief.	“Come	home	at	last.”
“I	changed	my	mind,”	was	all	Alice	said	by	way	of	explanation	when	Sadie	and	Clive	met
her	in	the	entrance	hall	and	she	and	Clive	had	been	reacquainted.	Peter,	having	delivered
his	 employer	 to	 the	 door,	 had	 been	 dispatched	 back	 to	 the	 car	 to	 fetch	 something	 she
referred	to	rather	mysteriously	as	“the	supplies,”	and	Alice	was	standing	on	the	dusty	tiles
with	 a	 vaguely	 indignant	 air,	 looking	 for	 all	 the	 world	 like	 a	 rakish	 country	 chatelaine
who’d	just	popped	out	for	a	morning	stroll	but	was	home	now	and	none	too	pleased	with
the	efforts	of	her	bumbling	staff.	She	continued	briskly,	“The	old	place	could	certainly	do
with	a	polish.	Shall	we	sit	in	the	library?”
“Let’s,”	 Sadie	 agreed,	 offering	 Clive	 a	 slight,	 baffled	 shrug	 as	 they	 followed	 Alice
through	a	door	on	the	other	side	of	the	hall.	It	was	the	room	Sadie	had	glimpsed	through
the	 window	 the	 first	 day	 she’d	 stumbled	 upon	 Loeanneth,	 the	 place	 where	 police	 had
carried	out	their	interviews	in	1933,	and	where	Clive	said	Anthony	and	Eleanor	had	met
the	journalist	and	photographer	the	day	after	Theo	was	reported	missing.
Now	Clive	sat	at	one	end	of	the	sofa	and	Sadie	the	other.	It	was	all	very	dusty,	but	short
of	 performing	 an	 emergency	 spring	 cleaning,	 there	 didn’t	 seem	 much	 to	 be	 done.
Presumably	Alice	was	here	for	an	update	on	their	investigations,	and	she	wasn’t	the	sort	of
person	to	brook	opposition	or	let	a	little	grime	get	in	her	way.
Sadie	waited	for	Alice	to	sit	in	the	armchair	and	begin	firing	questions	at	them,	but	the
old	woman	continued	pacing	instead,	from	the	door	to	the	fireplace	to	the	desk	beneath	the
window,	pausing	momentarily	in	each	spot	before	moving	again.	Her	chin	was	held	high,
but	 Sadie,	 with	 the	 detective’s	 trained	 eye,	 could	 see	 through	 this	 performance.	 Though
she	was	trying	desperately	to	mask	the	fact,	Alice	was	nervy,	unsettled.	And	little	wonder.
There	could	be	few	experiences	stranger	than	arriving	at	one’s	childhood	home,	seventy
years	after	having	left	it,	only	to	find	it	still	furnished	exactly	as	it	had	been.	And	that	was
before	 one	 took	 into	 consideration	 the	 traumatic	 event	 that	 had	 sent	 the	 Edevane	 family
packing.	Alice	stopped	near	the	desk	and	lifted	the	sketch	of	the	child’s	face.
“Is	it	him?”	Sadie	asked	gently,	remembering	the	otherworldly	beauty	of	the	illustration
she’d	glimpsed	through	the	window	on	the	morning	she	discovered	Loeanneth.	“Theo?”
Alice	didn’t	look	up	and	for	a	second	Sadie	thought	she	hadn’t	heard.	She	was	about	to
repeat	herself	when	Alice	said,	“It	was	drawn	by	a	friend	of	the	family,	a	man	by	the	name
of	Daffyd	Llewellyn.	He	sketched	it	the	day	Theo	died.”	She	glanced	up	at	the	window,
her	jaw	tightening.	The	encroaching	brambles	blocked	most	of	the	view	but	Alice	didn’t
seem	to	notice.	“I	saw	him	carrying	it	back	from	the	stream.	He	used	to	stay	with	us	over
the	summer,	in	the	Mulberry	Room	upstairs.	He’d	head	out	early	most	mornings,	an	easel
over	his	shoulder,	a	sketch	block	under	his	arm.	I’d	never	known	him	to	draw	Theo	until	I
saw	this	picture.”
“An	 interesting	 coincidence,”	 Sadie	 probed	 carefully.	 “The	 first	 time	 he	 drew	 your
brother	was	the	day	Theo	disappeared.”

Alice	looked	up	sharply.	“A	coincidence,	perhaps,	but	I	wouldn’t	call	it	interesting.	Mr.
Llewellyn	had	no	part	in	Theo’s	fate.	I’m	glad	he	drew	the	portrait,	though;	it	brought	my
mother	great	comfort	over	the	weeks	that	followed.”
“Daffyd	 Llewellyn	 died	 very	 soon	 after	 Theo,	 didn’t	 he?”	 Sadie	 remembered	 her
interview	with	Clive,	the	suspicions	she’d	had	about	the	timings	of	the	two	events.
Clive	 nodded,	 as	 Alice	 said,	 “Police	 found	 his	 body	 during	 the	 search.	 It	 was	 a	 most
unfortunate	.	.	.”
“Coincidence?”	Sadie	offered.
“Turn	of	events,”	Alice	said	pointedly.	She	returned	her	attention	to	the	sketch	and	her
expression	 softened.	 “Such	 a	 tragedy,	 such	 a	 dreadful	 waste.	 One	 always	 wonders,	 of
course	.	.	.”	But	whatever	it	was	she	wondered,	she	didn’t	say.	“We	all	cared	a	great	deal
for	 Mr.	 Llewellyn,	 but	 he	 and	 Mother	 were	 extremely	 close.	 He	 didn’t	 much	 enjoy	 the
society	of	other	adults	and	she	was	a	notable	exception.	It	was	a	double	blow	for	her	when
he	was	found	so	soon	after	Theo	disappeared.	Ordinarily	she’d	have	sought	comfort	in	her
friendship	with	him.	He	was	like	a	father	to	her.”
“The	sort	of	person	she’d	have	told	her	secrets	to?”
“I	should	imagine.	She	didn’t	have	many	other	friends,	not	the	sort	in	whom	she	might
have	confided.”
“Not	her	own	mother?”
Alice	had	been	gazing	still	at	the	sketch	but	she	looked	up	now,	her	expression	wryly
amused.	“Constance?”
“She	lived	with	you,	didn’t	she?”
“Under	sufferance.”
“Might	your	mother	have	confided	in	her?”
“Certainly	not.	My	mother	and	grandmother	never	got	on.	I	don’t	know	the	cause	of	the
animosity,	but	it	was	old	and	it	ran	deep.	In	fact,	after	Theo	died	and	we	left	Loeanneth,
the	 last	 tenuous	 ties	 between	 them	 were	 broken.	 Grandmother	 didn’t	 come	 with	 us	 to
London.	 Her	 health	 wasn’t	 good;	 she’d	 been	 confused	 in	 the	 months	 leading	 up	 to
Midsummer	and	afterwards	went	quickly	downhill.	She	was	sent	to	a	home	in	Brighton,
where	 she	 lived	 out	 her	 days.	 It	 was	 one	 of	 the	 only	 times	 I	 saw	 Mother	 show	 any	 real
affection	 for	 her:	 she	 was	 very	 particular	 that	 only	 the	 best	 nursing	 home	 would	 do	 for
Grandmother,	 that	 everything	 had	 to	 be	 perfect.	 Families	 are	 complicated,	 aren’t	 they,
Detective?”
More	than	you	know,	thought	Sadie,	exchanging	a	glance	with	Clive.	He	nodded.
“What	 is	 it?”	 Alice,	 as	 astute	 as	 ever,	 looked	 between	 them.	 “Have	 you	 found
something?”
Sadie	still	had	the	letter	from	Eleanor	to	Ben	in	her	back	pocket	and	she	passed	it	now
to	 Alice,	 who	 ran	 her	 gaze	 over	 its	 contents,	 a	 single	 brow	 lifting.	 “Yes,	 well,	 we’d
established	already	that	my	mother	and	Benjamin	Munro	were	engaged	in	a	love	affair.”

Sadie	 explained	 then	 about	 the	 other	 page	 she’d	 found	 in	 the	 boathouse,	 in	 which
Eleanor	talked	about	her	pregnancy.	“I	presumed	she	was	writing	to	your	father	when	he
was	away	at	war.	She	mentioned	how	much	she	missed	him,	how	difficult	it	would	be	to
have	 the	 baby	 without	 him,	 but	 when	 I	 found	 this	 page	 upstairs	 I	 realized	 she’d	 been
writing	to	Ben.”	Sadie	hesitated	briefly.	“About	Theo.”
Now	Alice	sank	slowly	into	the	armchair,	and	Sadie	finally	understood	the	expression
about	having	the	wind	knocked	out	of	one’s	sails.	“You	think	Theo	was	Ben’s	son,”	she
said.
“I	do.”	Short	and	sharp,	but	Sadie	couldn’t	see	that	there	was	much	else	to	say	on	the
matter.
Understanding	 had	 drained	 Alice’s	 face	 of	 color	 and	 she	 was	 staring	 into	 the	 middle
distance,	her	lips	moving	slightly	as	if	she	were	adding	numbers	in	her	head.	In	London
she	 had	 seemed	 formidable,	 but	 now	 Sadie	 glimpsed	 vulnerability.	 It	 wasn’t	 that	 Alice
appeared	frail;	rather,	that	having	stepped	out	from	behind	her	own	legend,	she’d	revealed
herself	a	human	being	with	ordinary	frailties.	“Yes,”	she	said	eventually,	a	hint	of	wonder
in	her	voice.	“Yes,	it	makes	sense.	It	makes	a	lot	of	sense.”
Clive	cleared	his	throat.	“It	rather	changes	things,	don’t	you	think?”
Alice	glanced	at	him.	“It	doesn’t	change	my	brother’s	fate.”
“No,	of	course	not,	I	meant—”
“You	 meant	 my	 father’s	 motive.	 I	 know	 what	 you’re	 suggesting	 and	 I	 can	 tell	 you
there’s	no	way	my	father	would	have	harmed	Theo	on	purpose.”
Sadie	 had	 felt	 the	 same	 way	 when	 Clive	 first	 floated	 the	 theory	 upstairs;	 but	 now,
seeing	 Alice’s	 vehement	 refusal	 even	 to	 consider	 the	 possibility,	 she	 wondered	 whether
she	too	was	letting	a	profound	distaste	for	the	idea	cloud	her	judgment.
There	came	the	tread	of	footsteps	in	the	room	outside	and	Peter	appeared	at	the	door,
back	from	his	mysterious	task.	“Alice?”	he	said	haltingly.	“Are	you	all	right?”	He	turned
to	Sadie,	his	eyes	wide	with	concern.	“Is	everything	all	right?”
“I’m	fine,”	said	Alice.	“Everything’s	fine.”
Peter	was	by	her	side	now,	asking	whether	she’d	like	a	glass	of	water,	some	fresh	air,
some	lunch,	all	of	which	she	flapped	away	with	her	hand.	“Really,	Peter,	I’m	quite	well.
It’s	 just	 the	 surprise	 of	 being	 back	 here,	 the	 memories.”	 She	 handed	 the	 sketch	 to	 him.
“Look,”	she	said,	“my	little	brother.	That’s	Theo.”
“Oh	my,	what	a	wonderful	drawing.	Did	you	.	.	.	?”
“Of	course	not.”	She	almost	laughed.	“A	family	friend,	Daffyd	Llewellyn,	drew	it.”
“The	writer,”	said	Peter,	as	pleased	by	the	news	as	if	he	were	learning	the	answer	to	a
long-held	question.	“Of	course.	Mr.	Llewellyn.	That	makes	perfect	sense.”
Mention	of	the	writer	reminded	Sadie	that	the	conversation	had	shifted	course	before
she’d	satisfied	herself	as	to	the	timing	of	his	suicide.	It	occurred	to	her	now	that	he	might
have	 felt	 guilty,	 not	 because	 he	 harmed	 Theo,	 but	 because	 he’d	 failed	 to	 stop	 Anthony.
“Was	your	father	close	to	Daffyd	Llewellyn?”	she	asked.

“They	got	on	very	well,”	said	Alice.	“My	father	regarded	him	as	a	member	of	family,
but	beyond	that	they	had	a	great	professional	respect	for	each	other,	both	being	medical
men.”
They	 had	 more	 than	 that	 in	 common,	 Sadie	 remembered.	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn,	 like
Anthony,	had	been	unable	to	continue	practicing	medicine	after	a	nervous	collapse.	“Do
you	have	any	idea	what	brought	on	Mr.	Llewellyn’s	breakdown?”
“I	 never	 got	 the	 chance	 to	 ask	 him.	 I’ve	 always	 regretted	 that—I	 meant	 to,	 he	 was
behaving	 uncharacteristically	 before	 the	 Midsummer	 party,	 but	 I	 was	 focused	 on	 other
things	and	left	it	too	long.”
“There	was	no	one	else	who	might	have	known?”
“Mother,	 perhaps,	 but	 she	 certainly	 never	 said,	 and	 the	 only	 other	 person	 who	 knew
him	as	a	young	man	was	Grandmother.	Getting	the	truth	from	her	would	have	been	a	feat;
there	was	no	love	lost	between	them.	Constance	couldn’t	countenance	weakness,	and	as
far	as	she	was	concerned,	Mr.	Llewellyn	was	beneath	contempt.	Her	pique	when	his	OBE
was	announced	was	prodigious.	The	rest	of	us	were	immensely	proud—I	only	wish	he’d
lived	to	accept	it	himself.”
“He	was	your	mentor,”	said	Peter	gently.	“Like	Miss	Talbot	was	for	me.”
Alice	lifted	her	chin,	as	if	to	stave	off	tears	if	they	so	much	as	dared	to	threaten.	She
nodded.	 “Yes,	 for	 a	 time,	 until	 I	 decided	 I’d	 outgrown	 him.	 Such	 hubris!	 But	 then,	 the
young	are	always	so	eager	to	shake	off	the	old,	aren’t	they?”
Peter	smiled;	sadly,	it	seemed	to	Sadie.
The	memory	must	have	triggered	something	in	Alice,	for	she	sighed	with	determination
and	brought	her	hands	together.	“But	enough	of	all	that,”	she	said,	turning	to	Peter	with
renewed	 energy.	 “Today	 is	 not	 for	 regrets,	 unless	 to	 overcome	 them.	 Have	 you	 got	 the
supplies?”
He	nodded.	“I’ve	left	them	by	the	front	door.”
“Splendid.	Now	do	you	think	you	might	find—”
“The	floorboard	with	the	moose-head	whorl?	I’m	on	it.”
“Excellent.”
Sadie	 ignored	 talk	 of	 moose	 heads	 and	 took	 back	 Eleanor’s	 letter	 when	 it	 was
proffered.	She	couldn’t	imagine	what	it	would	feel	like	to	read	a	letter	like	that,	written	by
her	own	mother.	A	voice	from	the	long-ago	past,	reaching	into	the	present	to	complicate	a
truth	she’d	always	held	dear.	It	occurred	to	her	that	it	was	a	very	brave	thing	to	do,	to	write
one’s	feelings	down	on	paper	and	give	them	to	another	person.
An	 image	 of	 Charlotte	 Sutherland	 came	 to	 mind.	 In	 all	 her	 panic	 at	 receiving
Charlotte’s	 letters,	 Sadie	 hadn’t	 stopped	 for	 a	 moment	 to	 consider	 the	 act	 of	 courage
involved	in	writing	and	sending	them.	There	was	something	incredibly	intimate	about	the
transference	of	sentiment;	and	in	Charlotte’s	case,	to	write	not	once,	but	twice,	had	been	to
risk	rejection	a	second	time.	Sadie	had	all	but	tripped	over	herself	in	her	rush	to	grant	that
rejection	the	first	time—was	Charlotte	brave	or	foolhardy	to	come	back	for	more?	“What	I

don’t	 understand,”	 she	 said,	 as	 much	 to	 herself	 as	 to	 the	 others,	 “is	 why	 anyone	 would
keep	a	letter	like	this.	It’s	one	thing	to	write	it	in	the	heat	of	the	moment,	but	to	keep	it
forever	after	.	.	.”	She	shook	her	head.	“It’s	so	personal,	so	incriminating.”
A	smile	appeared	on	Alice’s	face	and	she	seemed	more	herself.	“That’s	a	question	you
only	ask	because	you’re	not	a	letter	writer	yourself,	DC	Sparrow.	If	you	were,	you’d	know
that	 a	 writer	 never	 destroys	 her	 work.	 Even	 if	 she	 fears	 the	 power	 of	 its	 contents	 to
implicate	her.”
Sadie	was	wondering	about	that	when	there	came	a	call	from	outside.	“Hello?	Anybody
there?”
It	was	Bertie’s	voice.	“My	grandfather,”	she	said,	surprised.	“Excuse	me	a	minute.”
“I’ve	brought	lunch,”	he	said	as	she	reached	the	front	door,	holding	up	a	basket	loaded
with	a	huge	thermos	and	bread	that	smelled	fresh	from	the	oven.	“I	tried	to	call,	but	your
phone	rang	out.”
“Oh,	bugger,	sorry.	I	had	it	on	silent.”
Bertie	nodded	understandingly.	“You	wanted	to	focus.”
“Something	like	that.”	Sadie	took	out	her	phone	and	checked	the	screen.	There	were	six
missed	calls.	Two	from	Bertie,	the	other	four	from	Nancy.
“What	is	it?	You’re	frowning.”
“Nothing.	 Never	 mind.”	 She	 smiled	 at	 him,	 suppressing	 a	 growing	 wave	 of	 concern.
Nancy	was	single-minded	when	it	came	to	her	daughter’s	disappearance,	but	to	make	this
many	calls	was	unusual.	“Come	inside	and	meet	everyone.”
“Everyone?”
Sadie	 explained	 about	 the	 surprise	 arrivals,	 glad	 as	 she	 did	 that	 they	 were	 there.	 She
had	 a	 feeling	 Bertie	 might	 otherwise	 have	 been	 angling	 swiftly	 to	 turn	 their	 lunch
conversation	to	the	subject	of	Charlotte	Sutherland	or	the	fallout	from	the	Bailey	case,	two
topics	Sadie	was	eager	to	avoid.
“Well,	then,	it’s	a	good	thing	I	always	cook	extra,”	he	said	cheerfully	as	Sadie	led	him
towards	the	library.
Alice	 was	 standing	 with	 her	 arms	 crossed,	 glancing	 at	 her	 watch	 and	 drumming	 her
fingertips,	and	Clive	looked	relieved	that	Sadie	had	returned.
“This	is	my	grandfather,	Bertie,”	she	said.	“He’s	brought	lunch.”
“How	 kind	 of	 you,”	 said	 Alice,	 as	 she	 came	 forward	 to	 shake	 his	 hand.	 “I’m	 Alice
Edevane.”	 All	 hint	 of	 nerviness	 had	 gone	 and	 she	 was	 suddenly	 mistress	 of	 the	 house,
exuding	 the	 sort	 of	 effortless	 authority	 Sadie	 figured	 they	 must	 have	 taught	 in	 wealthy
families	back	then.	“What’s	on	the	menu?”
“I’ve	made	soup,”	said	Bertie.	“And	hard-boiled	eggs.”
“My	favorite.”	Alice	rewarded	him	with	a	short	nod	of	surprised	pleasure.	“However
did	you	know?”

“All	the	best	people	prefer	hard-boiled	eggs.”
Remarkably,	 Alice	 smiled,	 a	 genuine	 show	 of	 appreciation	 that	 quite	 transformed	 her
face.
“Granddad’s	been	baking	all	week	for	the	hospital	stall	down	at	the	Solstice	Festival,”
Sadie	volunteered,	apropos	of	nothing	really.
Alice	was	nodding	approval	when	Peter	returned,	a	small	black	pouch	in	hand.
“Ready	when	you	are,”	he	said,	and	then,	noticing	Bertie,	“Oh,	hello	there.”
Introductions	were	briefly	made,	and	there	was	a	confused	moment	during	which	Alice
and	Peter	debated	whether	to	carry	on	directly	with	their	planned	task	or	stop	first	for	a
bite	to	eat,	before	deciding	it	would	be	rude	to	let	Bertie’s	soup	get	cold.
“Splendid,”	said	Bertie.	“Perhaps	you	can	show	us	the	best	place	to	eat.	I	wasn’t	sure
how	habitable	the	house	would	be,	so	I	brought	a	picnic	rug.”
“Very	 sensible,”	 said	 Alice.	 “This	 is	 a	 garden	 made	 for	 picnics.	 Rather	 overgrown	 at
present,	I’m	afraid,	but	there	are	some	lovely	pockets	down	by	the	stream	and	not	too	far
to	walk.”
Alice	left	the	room	with	Peter	and	Bertie,	chatting	busily	about	an	enormous	sycamore
tree	 in	 the	 garden,	 a	 wooden	 glider,	 and	 the	 boathouse	 beyond.	 “My	 sisters	 and	 I	 spent
most	 of	 our	 time	 down	 there,”	 Alice	 was	 saying,	 her	 voice	 fading	 as	 they	 disappeared
down	the	stone	path.	“There’s	a	tunnel	in	the	house	that	leads	all	the	way	to	the	edge	of
the	woods,	right	near	the	boathouse.	We	used	to	have	the	most	tremendous	games	of	hideand-seek.”
The	morning	had	taken	a	strange	turn,	and	as	silence	fell,	Sadie	turned	to	Clive	with	a
slight	shrug	of	bewilderment.	“I	guess	we’ll	break	for	lunch?”
He	 nodded.	 “Looks	 that	 way.	 I’ll	 walk	 with	 you,	 but	 I	 won’t	 be	 able	 to	 stay.	 My
daughter	and	her	family	are	taking	me	for	an	afternoon’s	antiquing.”	He	looked	less	than
thrilled	by	the	planned	outing	and	Sadie	winced	in	commiseration.	They	walked	to	where
the	others	were	waiting,	and	it	was	only	as	they	skirted	the	lake	that	Sadie	realized	they
were	 heading	 in	 the	 opposite	 direction	 to	 where	 the	 car	 was	 parked.	 Furthermore,	 it
occurred	 to	 her,	 she	 hadn’t	 seen	 Clive’s	 car	 when	 she	 arrived	 that	 morning.	 And	 in	 any
case,	the	entrance	gate	had	been	locked.	“Clive,”	she	said,	“how	did	you	get	here	today?”
“By	boat,”	he	said.	“I	keep	a	little	dinghy	moored	with	a	friend’s	trawler	in	the	village.
It’s	the	easiest	way	to	get	between	here	and	there—quicker	than	driving.”
“A	lovely	journey,	too,	I’ll	bet.	Such	peaceful	countryside.”
He	smiled.	“Sometimes	you	can	go	the	whole	way	without	glimpsing	another	soul.”
Sadie’s	phone	rang	then,	shattering	the	peace	and	quiet,	and	she	pulled	it	out,	grimacing
when	she	glanced	at	the	screen.
“Bad	news?”
“It’s	Nancy	Bailey.	The	case	I	was	telling	you	about.”
“The	little	girl’s	grandmother,”	he	said.	“I	remember.	I	wonder	what	she	wants?”

“I	don’t	know,	but	she’s	been	calling	all	day.”
“Must	be	important	for	her	to	keep	calling	you	on	a	Saturday.”
“Maybe.	She’s	nothing	if	not	dogged.”
“Will	you	ring	her	back?”
“I	shouldn’t	really.	There’s	an	inquiry,	and	if	the	super	finds	out	I’m	still	in	contact	with
her,	it	won’t	take	long	for	him	to	put	two	and	two	together.	Besides,	we’re	busy	here.”
Clive	was	nodding,	but	Sadie	could	tell	he	had	reservations.
“You	think	I	should	call	her?”
“It	isn’t	for	me	to	say,	only	sometimes	when	a	case	gets	under	your	skin,	it’s	because
there’s	something	that	still	needs	your	attention.	Look	at	me,	here,	seventy	years	later.”
The	 phone	 rang	 again,	 Nancy	 Bailey’s	 number	 showed	 on	 the	 screen,	 and	 Sadie
glanced	at	Clive.	He	smiled	encouragement	and	with	a	deep	breath	she	picked	up.

31
Afterwards,	Sadie	found	the	others	by	the	stream.	The	picnic	blanket	had	been	spread	in
the	long	grass	beneath	a	willow	tree,	and	a	small	dinghy	called	Jenny	bobbed	in	the	gentle
current	at	the	end	of	the	boathouse	jetty.	Peter	and	Clive	were	in	earnest	conversation,	and
Alice,	sitting	neatly	on	an	old	chair	salvaged	from	somewhere,	was	laughing	at	whatever
Bertie	had	just	said.	Sadie	sat	on	the	edge	of	the	blanket	and	absentmindedly	accepted	a
mug	 of	 soup.	 Her	 mind	 was	 racing,	 busily	 unpacking	 every	 piece	 of	 evidence	 she’d
worked	so	hard	over	the	past	few	weeks	to	shelve.	There	was	a	moment	in	the	working	of
each	 case,	 a	 tipping	 point,	 when	 one	 particular	 clue	 provided	 a	 new	 lens	 through	 which
everything	else	was	suddenly	rendered	clearer,	different,	connected.	What	Nancy	had	just
told	her	changed	everything.
“Well?”	said	Clive.	“I	couldn’t	leave	until	I	knew	what	she	said.”
Conversation	had	stopped	and	everyone	was	watching	Sadie	keenly.	It	occurred	to	her
that	all	the	people	she’d	confided	in	about	the	Bailey	case	and	her	ignominious	attachment
to	it	were	assembled	here	on	the	picnic	rug.
“Sadie,	 love?”	 Bertie	 urged	 gently.	 “Clive	 said	 Nancy	 Bailey	 had	 been	 trying	 to	 get
hold	of	you	all	day.”
The	 case	 was	 officially	 closed.	 She	 was	 already	 in	 about	 as	 much	 trouble	 as	 was
possible.	She	feared	she	might	just	burst	with	the	new	information	if	she	didn’t	let	it	out.
Sadie	took	a	deep	breath	and	said,	“Nancy	told	me	she’d	had	a	call	from	the	new	owners
of	her	daughter’s	flat.”
Bertie	scratched	his	head.	“The	new	owners	have	her	phone	number?”
“It’s	a	long	story.”
“What	did	they	say?”
“They	rang	to	tell	her	that	they’d	spotted	something	written	in	pen	on	the	Formica	edge
of	 the	 built-in	 kitchen	 table.	 The	 words	 read,	 ‘It	 was	 him.’	 They	 wouldn’t	 have	 thought
much	 of	 it,	 she	 said,	 except	 that	 Nancy	 had	 recently	 been	 to	 see	 them	 and	 Maggie’s
disappearance	was	fresh	in	their	minds.”
There	was	a	moment	of	silence	as	everyone	considered	this.
“Who	was	he,	and	what	did	he	do?”	said	Peter	perplexedly.
Sadie	realized	Alice’s	assistant	was	the	only	one	among	them	who	wasn’t	familiar	with
the	 role	 she’d	 played	 in	 the	 Bailey	 case,	 her	 suspicion	 that	 there’d	 been	 foul	 play,	 and
quickly	brought	him	up	to	speed.	When	she’d	finished	he	said,	“Then	this	‘him,’	whoever
he	was,	that’s	the	man	you’re	looking	for.”

Sadie	noted	with	vague	appreciation	that	he’d	assumed	she	was	right	in	believing	there
was	more	to	Maggie’s	disappearance	than	met	the	eye.	“I	just	need	to	figure	out	who	he
is.”
Alice	hadn’t	spoken	yet,	but	now	she	cleared	her	throat.	“If	a	woman	in	trouble	says	‘It
was	 him,’	 it’s	 because	 she	 thinks	 people	 will	 know	 who	 she	 meant.	 Did	 Maggie	 Bailey
have	many	men	in	her	life?”
Sadie	 shook	 her	 head.	 “She	 didn’t	 have	 many	 people	 in	 her	 life.	 Just	 her	 daughter
Caitlyn	and	Nancy,	her	mum.”
“What	about	Caitlyn’s	father?”
“Well,	yes	.	.	.”
“Who	now	has	custody	of	the	little	girl?”
“Yes.”
“He’s	remarried	since	separating	from	the	child’s	mother,	hasn’t	he?”
“Two	years	ago.”
“But	they	haven’t	any	children	of	their	own?”
“No.”	 Sadie	 thought	 of	 the	 time	 she’d	 seen	 Caitlyn	 at	 the	 police	 station,	 the	 way
Steve’s	wife,	Gemma,	had	done	the	little	girl’s	hair	in	ribbons,	how	she	was	holding	her
hand	and	smiling	down	at	her	with	a	warmth	that	Sadie	could	feel	even	from	where	she
stood.	“But	his	new	wife	seems	very	fond	of	Caitlyn.”
Alice	was	unmoved.	“What’s	the	husband	like?”
“Steve?	Earnest,	eager.	I	don’t	know	him	well.	He	was	helpful	with	our	inquiries.”
Clive	frowned.	“How	helpful?”
Sadie	reflected	on	how	Steve	had	led	searches	for	Maggie,	arrived	at	the	police	station
of	his	own	accord	to	offer	information	about	her	character	and	past,	painting	police	a	very
clear	picture	of	a	flighty,	irresponsible	woman	who	liked	a	good	time	and	was	finding	the
pressure	of	caring	for	a	child	overwhelming.	“Very,”	she	said.	“In	fact,	I	would	describe
him	as	exceptionally	helpful.”
Clive	made	a	soft	noise	of	satisfaction,	as	if	the	answer	corroborated	some	deeply	held
theory	 of	 his,	 and	 Sadie	 remembered,	 suddenly,	 his	 comment	 in	 relation	 to	 the	 Edevane
case,	about	there	being	two	ways	in	which	the	guilty	usually	behaved.	Her	skin	prickled.
There	 was	 the	 first	 type,	 he’d	 said,	 those	 who	 avoided	 police	 like	 the	 plague,	 and	 then
there	was	the	second	type,	the	helpful	ones,	who	sought	out	officers	at	every	opportunity,
putting	 themselves	 at	 the	 centre	 of	 the	 investigation	 as	 all	 the	 while	 they	 nursed	 their
secret	guilt.
“But	there	was	a	note,”	Sadie	said	quickly,	struggling	to	catch	her	tumbling	thoughts	as
a	terrible	new	picture	began	to	form.	“A	note	from	Maggie,	in	her	own	handwriting	.	.	.”
Her	voice	trailed	off	as	she	recollected	the	way	Steve	had	lamented	Maggie’s	carelessness,
reproached	 her	 for	 forgetting	 he	 was	 going	 away	 that	 week.	 He’d	 said	 of	 the	 changed
dates,	“I	made	her	write	it	down,”	before	switching	his	words	in	the	next	sentence	to	“I

wrote	it	down	for	her.”	A	small	adjustment,	but	one	Sadie	had	noticed	at	the	time.	She’d
presumed	it	a	simple	slip	of	the	tongue.	He	was	upset	and	he’d	mixed	up	his	words.	No
big	deal.	Now	she	wondered	whether	the	slip	had	been	rather	more	Freudian	in	nature.	A
gaffe	that	pointed	to	another	instance	in	which	he	had	forced	Maggie	to	write	down	the
lines	he	dictated.
“But	murder?”	She	was	thinking	aloud.	“Steve?”	He’d	never	been	a	suspect,	not	even
before	they	found	the	note.	He’d	had	an	alibi,	she	remembered,	the	fishing	trip	to	Lyme
Regis.	 They’d	 verified	 the	 information	 he’d	 given	 them,	 but	 only	 because	 that	 was
procedure.	It	had	all	checked	out—the	hotel,	the	time	off	work,	the	boat-rental	company—
and	that	had	been	the	end	of	it.	Now,	though,	far	from	absolving	him,	it	suddenly	seemed
to	Sadie	that	Steve’s	absence	from	London—a	trip	that	took	him	to	a	distant	part	of	the
country,	right	when	his	ex-wife	disappeared—presented	a	perfect	opportunity.	“But	why?”
Against	 her	 own	 code	 of	 practice	 Sadie	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 puzzle	 over	 motive.	 “He	 and
Maggie	were	married	once.	They’d	loved	each	other.	They’d	had	very	little	to	do	with	one
another	since	their	divorce.	Why	on	earth	would	he	suddenly	kill	her?”
Alice	 Edevane’s	 crisp	 voice	 cut	 through	 the	 tangle	 of	 Sadie’s	 thoughts.	 “One	 of	 my
earliest	 Diggory	 Brent	 mysteries	 was	 based	 on	 a	 story	 my	 sister	 Clemmie	 told	 me.	 We
were	sitting	together	in	Hyde	Park	before	the	Second	World	War	and	she	told	me	about	a
man	whose	wife	so	longed	for	a	child	that	he	stole	one	for	her.	I	never	forgot	that	story.	It
seemed	entirely	plausible	to	me	that	a	couple’s	desire	for	a	child,	and	a	husband’s	love	for
his	wife,	might	lead	him	to	take	the	most	drastic	of	actions.”
Sadie	pictured	Gemma’s	kind,	happy	face,	the	way	she’d	been	holding	Caitlyn’s	hand
as	they	left	the	police	station,	how	naturally	she’d	swung	the	little	girl	onto	her	hip.	Oh
God,	Sadie	remembered	feeling	so	pleased	for	Caitlyn	when	she	saw	them,	relieved	that
despite	the	disappearance	of	her	mother,	the	little	girl	had	landed	in	a	loving	home	with
parents	who	would	care	for	her.
Bertie’s	voice	was	gentle.	“What	are	you	going	to	do,	Sadie,	love?”
Yes,	 a	 list	 of	 practical	 tasks.	 That	 would	 help.	 Far	 more	 useful	 than	 self-reproach.	 “I
need	to	reverify	Steve’s	alibi,”	she	said,	“figure	out	whether	I	can	place	him	at	Maggie’s
flat	during	the	period	he	was	supposed	to	be	out	of	London.	I’ll	need	to	talk	to	him	again,
but	it	won’t	be	easy,	not	with	the	inquiry.”
“Could	you	call	Donald?	Get	him	to	ask	some	questions	in	your	stead?”
Sadie	 shook	 her	 head.	 “I	 have	 to	 be	 absolutely	 certain	 before	 I	 involve	 him.”	 She
frowned	 as	 something	 else	 occurred	 to	 her.	 “I’m	 going	 to	 need	 to	 take	 another	 look	 at
Maggie’s	note,	too,	get	forensics	to	examine	it	for	evidence.”
“DNA?”
“That,	and	signs	of	duress.	We’ve	already	had	it	analyzed	by	handwriting	experts	who
compared	 it	 with	 other	 examples	 of	 Maggie’s	 writing	 and	 said	 there	 were	 elements	 that
looked	stilted;	that	it	showed	the	hallmarks	of	being	rushed.	It	seemed	neat	enough	to	me,
but	they	can	see	all	sorts	of	things	that	aren’t	visible	to	the	rest	of	us.	We	presumed	the
haste	was	due	to	the	enormity	of	what	she	was	about	to	do.	It	made	sense.”

The	 note	 had	 been	 written	 on	 an	 elegant	 piece	 of	 card	 stock.	 Maggie	 had	 worked	 at
WHSmith,	 and	 according	 to	 Nancy	 had	 acquired	 a	 taste	 for	 nice	 stationery.	 The	 writing
had	been	neat	as	far	as	Sadie	was	concerned,	but	there’d	been	a	jagged	scribble	at	the	top
of	the	card	that	had	given	her	pause.	“She	was	testing	the	pen,”	Donald	had	said	with	a
shrug.	“I’ve	done	it	hundreds	of	times	myself.”	So	had	Sadie,	and	yet	somehow	it	didn’t
fit.	 Why,	 Sadie	 had	 wondered,	 would	 a	 person	 whose	 life	 gave	 the	 impression	 of	 a
fastidious	 nature,	 test	 a	 pen	 on	 the	 piece	 of	 expensive	 card	 she	 intended	 to	 use	 for	 an
important	message?
“She	wasn’t	in	her	right	mind,”	Donald	had	said	when	Sadie	raised	it.	“She	was	about
to	walk	out	on	her	daughter,	she	was	under	pressure,	I	doubt	she	was	thinking	about	how
pretty	 the	 paper	 looked.”	 Sadie	 had	 bitten	 her	 tongue	 at	 the	 time.	 The	 letter	 had	 been	 a
shock,	scuppering	her	theories	and	making	her	seem	a	crazy	fantasist.	The	last	thing	she
needed	was	to	keep	harping	on	about	a	bit	of	ink	on	a	piece	of	card.	Nancy	had	agreed,
though.	“Maggie	never	would	have	done	that,”	she’d	said.	“Maggie	liked	things	neat	and
tidy,	ever	since	she	was	small	she	needed	things	to	be	just	so.”
Suddenly	 that	 scribble	 seemed	 rather	 important.	 What	 if	 it	 were	 proof	 that	 someone
else	had	been	there	with	Maggie?	Someone	who’d	stood	over	her,	perhaps	even	tested	the
pen	before	dictating	the	message	she	was	to	write?
Sadie	 managed	 to	 articulate	 these	 thoughts	 for	 the	 others,	 kneeling	 as	 she	 dug	 in	 her
pocket	for	her	phone.	Thankfully,	not	remotely	legally,	she’d	snapped	a	picture	of	the	note
before	it	was	officially	tagged	and	filed.	Now,	she	searched	through	the	photo	library	until
she	found	it,	handing	over	the	phone	so	they	could	each	take	their	turn.
She	stood	and	began	to	pace.	Could	Steve	have	planned	something	so	terrible,	executed
a	plan	so	horrific?	It	was	possible	she	was	going	mad,	clutching	at	straws,	but	when	she
looked	 at	 the	 others,	 Sadie	 was	 reassured.	 An	 ex-cop,	 a	 crime	 writer,	 and	 a	 PhD
researcher.	 With	 their	 combined	 credentials,	 they	 were	 a	 crack	 investigation	 team,	 and
they	all	seemed	to	think	there	was	something	in	the	new	theory.
Bertie	smiled,	his	kind,	familiar	face	filled	with	something	rather	like	pride.	“What	are
you	going	to	do,	Sadie,	love?”	he	asked	again.	“What	happens	next?”
Whether	she	was	right	or	wrong,	no	matter	what	the	consequences	for	her,	if	there	was
even	the	slightest	chance	that	Steve	had	stood	over	Maggie	as	she	wrote	that	note,	if	she’d
anticipated	that	things	were	not	going	to	end	well	and	yet	still	summoned	enough	defiance
to	 send	 a	 clue	 to	 investigators,	 then	 Sadie	 owed	 it	 to	 her	 to	 follow	 up.	 Or	 to	 make	 sure
someone	else	did.	“I	think	I	have	to	call	it	in,”	she	said.
Bertie	nodded.	“I	think	you	do,	too.”
But	not	to	Donald.	There	was	a	chance	this	new	lead	would	go	nowhere.	She	couldn’t
risk	getting	him	in	trouble	on	her	account	again.	She	was	going	to	have	to	go	right	to	the
top,	even	if	it	meant	revealing	herself	as	the	leak.	As	Bertie	and	the	others	packed	up	the
picnic,	Sadie	dialled	the	Met	and	asked	to	speak	to	Superintendent	Ashford.
When	the	others	went	back	to	the	village	that	afternoon,	Sadie	didn’t	go	with	them.	Clive
left	in	the	Jenny	straight	after	lunch,	having	extracted	a	firm	promise	from	Sadie	that	she’d

let	 him	 know	 as	 soon	 as	 she	 heard	 anything	 back	 from	 the	 Met,	 and	 Bertie,	 who	 was
taking	the	first	shift	on	the	hospital	stall,	needed	to	report	for	duty	by	three	o’clock,	when
the	festival	officially	opened.	He’d	tried	to	entice	Sadie	with	promises	of	fresh	scones	and
clotted	cream,	but	the	thought	of	being	surrounded	by	good	cheer	while	every	nerve	in	her
body	was	wound	tighter	than	a	tick	was	nauseating.
Alice,	however,	gave	Bertie	one	of	her	very	rare	smiles	and	said,	“I	haven’t	had	proper
Cornish	clotted	cream	in	an	age.”	She	frowned	when	Peter	reminded	her	delicately	about
the	mysterious	task	she’d	been	so	intent	on	since	they’d	arrived,	and	then	waved	a	hand
declaring	 that	 it	 had	 waited	 this	 long,	 it	 could	 jolly	 well	 wait	 one	 more	 day.	 Besides,	 it
would	be	better	to	check	in	at	the	hotel	before	the	festival	started	and	the	village	square
became	overcrowded.	Alice	had	promised	to	sign	books	for	their	hotelier,	a	vital	step	in
securing	two	rooms	on	festival	weekend	at	such	short	notice.
So	 it	 was	 that	 Sadie	 stood	 alone,	 watching	 as	 the	 two	 cars	 disappeared	 down	 the
driveway	and	were	swallowed,	one	after	the	other,	by	the	woods.	The	moment	they	were
gone,	she	took	out	her	phone.	It	was	becoming	a	habit.	There’d	been	no	missed	calls—not
a	surprise	given	she’d	turned	the	volume	up	as	high	as	it	would	go—and	she	put	it	away
with	a	sigh	of	deep	disgruntlement.
Sadie	 hadn’t	 been	 completely	 honest	 with	 the	 others	 when	 she’d	 told	 them	 the	 Met
were	 grateful	 for	 the	 new	 lead.	 In	 truth,	 Ashford	 hadn’t	 been	 remotely	 pleased	 with	 her
call,	and	when	he	heard	what	she’d	had	to	say,	he’d	been	incandescent	with	rage.	Her	ear
still	burned	 from	 the	 blasting	 she’d	 received.	 She	 couldn’t	 swear	 that	 his	 spittle	 hadn’t
traveled	down	the	phone	line	to	scald	her.	She’d	felt	her	own	ire	rising	in	response,	but
had	 fought	 to	 keep	 it	 contained.	 She’d	 let	 him	 say	 his	 piece,	 and	 then,	 as	 calmly	 as	 she
could,	 she	 apologized	 for	 her	 misstep	 and	 told	 him	 she	 had	 new	 information.	 He	 hadn’t
wanted	to	hear	it,	and	so,	with	the	sinking	stomach	of	someone	gambling	with	the	job	she
loved,	Sadie	reminded	him	she	had	Derek	Maitland’s	number	and	it	wouldn’t	look	good	if
it	turned	out	she	was	right,	that	a	woman	had	been	murdered,	and	the	Met	hadn’t	wanted
to	know	about	it.
He’d	listened	all	right	then,	his	breaths	as	hot	as	a	dragon’s,	and	when	she	finished,	he
said	gruffly,	“I’ll	put	someone	on	it,”	and	hung	up	in	her	ear.	There’d	been	nothing	more
to	do	after	that,	other	than	to	wait,	and	hope	he	felt	inclined	to	give	her	the	courtesy	of	a
phone	call	to	let	her	know	what	they’d	uncovered.
And	 so,	 here	 she	 was.	 Sadie	 had	 to	 admit	 there	 were	 worse	 places	 to	 kill	 time.	 The
house	was	different	in	the	afternoon.	With	the	changed	angle	of	the	sun,	it	was	as	if	the
whole	place	had	breathed	a	sigh	of	settlement.	The	frenetic	morning	activity	of	the	birds
and	 the	 insects	 had	 ceased,	 the	 roof	 was	 stretching	 and	 cracking	 its	 warm	 joints	 with
habitual	ease,	and	the	light	that	streamed	through	the	windows	was	slow	and	satisfied.
Sadie	poked	about	in	Anthony’s	study	for	a	while.	His	anatomy	textbooks	were	still	on
the	shelf	above	his	desk,	his	name	written	neatly,	hopefully,	on	the	frontispiece,	and	in	his
bottom	 drawer	 she	 found	 his	 school	 prizes:	 first	 in	 Classics,	 Latin	 Hexameters,	 and
countless	others.	There	was	a	photograph	hidden	in	the	dark	back	corner,	a	group	of	young
men	in	scholars’	gowns	and	caps,	one	of	whom	she	recognized	as	a	very	young	Anthony.
The	fellow	standing	next	to	him,	laughing,	was	featured	again	in	a	framed	studio	portrait

on	the	top	of	Anthony’s	desk,	a	soldier	with	wild	black	hair	and	an	intelligent	face.	A	sprig
of	rosemary	had	been	placed	beneath	the	glass,	held	in	position	by	the	firm	setting	of	the
frame,	 but	 Sadie	 could	 tell	 from	 its	 brittle	 brown	 color	 it	 would	 crumble	 to	 dust	 and	 be
blown	 away	 if	 released.	 There	 was	 a	 framed	 photograph	 of	 Eleanor	 on	 the	 desk,	 too,
standing	in	front	of	a	stone	building.	Sadie	picked	it	up	to	have	a	closer	look.	The	picture
had	been	taken	in	Cambridge,	she	guessed,	where	they’d	lived	before	Anthony	surprised
his	wife	with	the	rescue	and	return	of	Loeanneth.
Anthony’s	journals	filled	a	whole	shelf	of	the	floor-to-ceiling	bookcase	against	the	far
wall,	and	Sadie	selected	a	few	at	random.	She	quickly	became	engrossed,	reading	until	the
dying	light	made	her	eyes	strain.	The	entries	gave	no	indication	whatsoever	that	Anthony
was	 harboring	 murderous	 intentions.	 On	 the	 contrary,	 they	 were	 filled	 with	 his	 earnest
attempts	to	“fix”	himself;	his	self-reproach	for	having	let	down	his	wife,	his	brother,	his
nation;	and	page	after	page	of	memory	games,	just	like	Clive	had	said,	as	he	tried	to	force
his	fractured	mind	back	together	again.	The	guilt	he	felt	for	having	survived	when	others
had	 not	 was	 all-consuming;	 his	 letters	 to	 Howard,	 his	 lost	 friend,	 were	 heartbreaking.
Simple,	elegant	descriptions	of	what	it	was	to	live,	as	he	put	it,	beyond	one’s	usefulness,	to
feel	that	one’s	life	was	an	undeserved	prize,	stolen	at	the	expense	of	others.
Expressions	 of	 the	 gratitude	 he	 felt	 towards	 Eleanor,	 and	 his	 deep	 shame	 in	 himself,
were	hard	to	read,	but	worse	were	the	whispered	descriptions	of	his	terror	that	he	would
accidentally	harm	the	people	he	loved	most	in	the	world.	You,	dear	friend,	more	than	any
other,	 know	 I’m	 capable	 of	 that.	 (Why?	 Sadie	 frowned.	 Did	 it	 mean	 anything,	 or	 was
Anthony	simply	saying	that	his	friend	knew	him	well?)
It	was	clear,	too,	that	Anthony’s	inability	to	qualify	as	a	surgeon	plagued	him.	It	was
the	only	thing	in	my	mind,	he	wrote,	after	what	happened	in	France.	The	only	way	I	could
make	it	right	was	to	ensure	my	survival	mattered,	to	get	home	to	England,	to	work	as	a
doctor,	and	help	more	people	than	I’d	harmed.	But	he	hadn’t,	and	Sadie	felt	desperately
sorry	for	him.	Her	own	brief	taste	of	living	without	the	work	she	loved	had	been	punishing
enough.
She	turned	around	in	the	stiff	wooden	swivel	chair	to	take	in	the	rest	of	the	dim	room.
It	was	a	lonely	space,	sad	and	stale.	She	tried	to	imagine	what	it	must	have	been	like	for
Anthony,	 confined	 to	 such	 a	 place	 with	 only	 his	 demons	 and	 disappointments	 for
company,	frightened	always	that	they’d	overcome	him.	He	was	right	to	be	fearful,	too,	for
in	the	end	that	was	just	what	happened.
Because	of	course	Theo’s	death	must	have	been	an	accident.	Even	if	Ben	Munro	was
Theo’s	father,	and	even	if	Anthony	had	learned	of	Eleanor’s	infidelity	and	been	filled	with
a	jealous	rage,	to	kill	his	wife’s	child	was	about	as	heinous	as	a	crime	could	be.	People
changed,	 life	 happened,	 but	 Sadie	 just	 wasn’t	 able	 to	 believe	 it	 of	 him.	 Anthony’s	 selfawareness,	 his	 anxiety	 that	 he	 might	 be	 capable	 of	 violence,	 the	 lengths	 to	 which	 he’d
gone	 to	 prevent	 it,	 surely	 contradicted	 Clive’s	 theory	 that	 he’d	 committed	 such	 a
devastating	crime	on	purpose.	Theo’s	parentage	was	irrelevant.	The	timing—Theo’s	death
and	 Anthony’s	 discovery	 of	 his	 wife’s	 affair—was	 a	 coincidence.	 Sadie	 frowned.
Coincidence.	That	pesky	word	again.

She	 sighed	 and	 stretched.	 The	 long	 summery	 dusk	 had	 started	 to	 fall.	 Crickets	 had
begun	 their	 evening	 chant	 in	 the	 hidden	 spaces	 of	 the	 sunburned	 garden	 and	 shadows
within	the	house	were	lengthening.	The	day’s	warmth	had	pooled	and	was	sitting	now,	still
and	thick,	waiting	for	the	cool	of	night	to	sweep	it	away.	Sadie	closed	the	journal	and	put
it	back	into	its	place	on	the	shelf.	Shutting	the	door	to	Anthony’s	study	quietly	behind	her,
she	crept	downstairs	to	retrieve	her	torch.	A	quick	shine	of	the	light	on	her	phone’s	screen
—still	nothing—and	then	she	headed	back	up	to	Eleanor’s	writing	bureau.
She	had	no	idea,	really,	what	she	was	looking	for;	she	only	knew	that	she	was	missing
something	and	Eleanor’s	letters	were	the	best	place	she	could	think	of	to	look	for	it.	She
would	 start	 before	 Theo	 was	 born	 and	 read	 everything	 in	 the	 hope	 that	 along	 the	 way
she’d	 find	 the	 vital	 piece	 of	 information,	 the	 lens	 through	 which	 all	 the	 rest	 would
suddenly	 reveal	 itself	 as	 linked.	 Rather	 than	 read	 by	 correspondent,	 she	 went
chronologically,	 starting	 with	 Eleanor’s	 triplicate,	 and	 then	 finding	 and	 reading	 the
relevant	reply.
It	was	slow	going,	but	Sadie	had	time	to	fill,	nowhere	else	to	be,	and	a	deep	desire	for
distraction.	 She	 forced	 the	 Bailey	 case	 and	 Ashford	 out	 of	 her	 mind	 and	 let	 Eleanor’s
world	come	to	life	instead.	It	was	clear	that	Eleanor’s	love	for	Anthony	was	the	defining
relationship	of	her	life,	a	great	love	shadowed	by	the	relentless	horror	and	confusion	of	his
awful	condition.	In	letter	after	letter	to	doctor	after	doctor,	she	made	continued	pleas	for
help,	her	tone	always	cordial,	her	determination	to	find	a	cure	undimmed.
But	behind	the	polite	entreaties,	Eleanor	was	in	agony,	a	fact	made	plain	in	her	letters
to	Daffyd	Llewellyn.	For	a	long	time	he	alone	was	entrusted	with	the	topic	of	Anthony’s
diminishment	 and	 distress.	 The	 girls	 didn’t	 know,	 and	 neither,	 it	 seemed—except	 in	 the
case	 of	 a	 few	 notable,	 trusted	 exceptions—did	 the	 servants.	 Nor	 did	 Constance,	 with
whom	Eleanor,	and	Daffyd	Llewellyn,	too,	apparently,	shared	a	long-standing	enmity.
Eleanor	had	made	Anthony	a	promise,	she	wrote	on	more	than	one	occasion,	that	she
would	keep	his	secret,	and	there	was	no	question	of	breaking	her	word.	For	everyone	else
she	had	created	a	fantasy	in	which	she	and	her	husband	were	without	a	care:	she	busy	with
the	running	of	the	house;	he	occupied	by	his	studies	of	the	natural	world	and	production	of
a	 Great	 Work.	 She	 wrote	 chatty	 missives	 to	 their	 few	 acquaintances	 about	 life	 at
Loeanneth,	 filled	 with	 funny,	 sometimes	 poignant,	 observations	 of	 her	 daughters,	 each
more	eccentric	than	the	one	who	came	before.
Sadie	 admired	 Eleanor’s	 stubborn	 insistence,	 even	 as	 she	 shook	 her	 head	 at	 the
maddening	 impossibility	 of	 the	 task	 she’d	 set	 herself.	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn,	 too,	 had	 urged
her	to	be	honest	with	those	around	her,	particularly,	in	early	1933,	when	her	concerns	took
a	worrying	turn.	She	was	anxious	as	always	for	Anthony,	but	now	she	feared,	too,	for	her
baby	son,	whose	birth,	she	said,	had	triggered	something	terrible	in	her	husband’s	mind.
A	deep	trauma	had	resurfaced,	memories	of	a	horrifying	experience	he’d	had	during	the
war	when	his	best	friend,	Howard,	had	been	lost.	It’s	as	if	it	has	all	snowballed.	He	resents
his	good	fortune,	and	regrets	deeply	his	inability	to	work	as	a	doctor,	and	somehow	it	has
all	become	confused	with	his	memories	of	the	war,	with	one	“incident”	in	particular.	In	his
sleep	I	hear	him	crying,	calling	out	that	they	must	go,	that	they	must	keep	the	dog	and	the
baby	quiet.

And	then,	some	weeks	later:	As	you	know,	Daffyd,	I	have	been	making	my	own	quiet
inquiries	for	some	time.	It	had	perplexed	me	when	I	could	find	no	mention	of	Howard	on
the	honor	roll,	so	I	dug	a	little	deeper,	and	oh,	Daffyd,	it’s	awful.	He	was	shot	at	dawn,	the
poor	 man,	 by	 our	 own	 army!	 I	 found	 a	 fellow	 who’d	 served	 in	 the	 same	 regiment	 as
Howard	 and	 Anthony	 and	 he	 told	 me:	 Howard	 had	 been	 trying	 to	 desert	 and	 Anthony
stopped	him.	My	poor	love	must	have	thought	he	could	keep	it	quiet,	but	evidently	another
officer	 got	 involved	 and	 things	 turned	 out	 as	 they	 did.	 The	 man	 I	 spoke	 with	 told	 me
Anthony	 took	 it	 very	 hard	 and,	 knowing	 my	 husband	 as	 I	 do,	 I’m	 certain	 he	 will	 have
blamed	himself	just	as	surely	as	if	he’d	been	the	one	to	pull	the	trigger.
Knowing	the	reason	behind	Anthony’s	night	terrors	didn’t	explain	why	they	should	be
increasing	at	that	time,	however,	and	didn’t	help	Eleanor	with	the	difficult	task	of	soothing
and	 steering	 him	 back	 to	 reality.	 He	 adored	 baby	 Theo,	 she	 wrote,	 and	 the	 fear	 that	 he
might	 inadvertently	 harm	 him	 was	 causing	 him	 to	 despair	 and	 even,	 in	 his	 darkest
moments,	to	talk	about	“ending	it	all.”	I	cannot	let	him,	Eleanor	wrote.	I	cannot	allow	the
hope	 and	 promise	 of	 that	 tremendous	 man	 to	 end	 in	 such	 a	 way.	 I	 must	 find	 how	 to	 fix
things.	The	more	I	think	about	it,	the	more	convinced	I	am	that	only	by	talking	about	what
happened	to	Howard	will	he	finally	have	a	chance	to	escape	the	terrors	that	stalk	him.	I
plan	 to	 ask	 him	 about	 “the	 incident”	 myself,	 I	must,	 but	 not	 until	 everything	 is	 settled
here.	Not	until	everyone	is	safe.
Throughout	it	all,	the	one	light	in	Eleanor’s	existence,	her	single	place	of	respite,	was
her	 relationship	 with	 Ben.	 Evidently	 she’d	 told	 Llewellyn	 about	 him,	 and	 in	 turn	 she’d
confided	 in	 Ben	 about	 Anthony’s	 state	 of	 mind.	 There	 was	 something	 about	 Ben’s
itinerant	nature,	Eleanor	had	written,	his	lack	of	roots,	that	made	him	the	perfect	person
with	whom	to	share	her	secret.	Not	that	we	discuss	it	often,	you	mustn’t	think	that.	There	is
so	 much	 else	 to	 talk	 about.	 He	 has	 traveled	 so	 far	 and	 wide,	 his	 childhood	 is	 like	 a
treasure	trove	of	anecdotes	about	people	and	places	and	I	am	greedy	for	them	all.	A	form
of	vicarious	escape,	if	only	for	a	while.	But	on	occasion	when	I	simply	have	to	free	myself
of	my	burden,	he	is	the	only	one,	aside	from	you,	dear	Daffyd,	in	whom	I	can	trust.	Talking
to	him	is	like	writing	in	the	sand	or	shouting	into	the	wind.	His	nature	is	so	elemental	that
I	know	I	can	tell	him	anything	and	it	will	go	no	further.
Sadie	 wondered	 how	 Ben	 had	 felt	 about	 Anthony’s	 condition—in	 particular,	 the
possible	threat	he	posed	to	Eleanor	and	to	baby	Theo.	His	baby,	after	all.	The	letter	Sadie
had	found	in	the	boathouse	made	it	clear	that	Ben	had	known	the	boy	was	his	child.	She
fingered	the	pile	of	letters	to	Eleanor	from	Ben.	Till	this	point	Sadie	had	avoided	reading
them.	Poring	over	someone	else’s	love	letters	had	felt	like	crossing	a	line.	Now,	though,	it
seemed	she	had	to	take	a	peek.
She	took	more	than	a	peek.	She	read	them	all.	And	when	she	reached	the	last	letter	the
room	was	pitch-black	and	the	house	and	garden	so	quiet	she	could	hear	the	distant	rolling
of	the	sea.	Sadie	closed	her	eyes.	Her	brain	was	both	weary	and	wired,	a	strange	marriage
of	contradictory	states,	and	everything	she’d	seen	and	read	and	heard	and	thought	that	day
tumbled	together.	Alice	telling	Bertie	about	the	tunnel	entrance	near	the	boathouse;	Clive
and	his	boat—“the	easiest	way	to	get	between	here	and	there	.	.	.	you	can	go	the	whole
way	without	glimpsing	another	soul”;	Eleanor’s	promise	to	Anthony	and	her	concerns	for
Theo;	Ben’s	stories	of	his	childhood.

She	thought,	too,	of	Maggie	Bailey	and	the	things	a	person	would	do	to	save	their	child
from	harm;	of	Caitlyn,	and	the	way	Gemma	had	smiled	down	at	her;	of	Rose	Waters,	and
the	 keen	 love	 a	 person	 could	 feel	 for	 a	 child	 who	 wasn’t	 their	 own.	 She	 pitied	 Eleanor,
who’d	lost	Theo,	Ben,	and	Llewellyn	within	a	week	of	each	other.	And	she	kept	coming
back	to	Alice’s	description	of	her	mother:	She	believed	that	a	promise,	once	made,	should
be	kept	.	.	.
It	wasn’t	so	much	the	discovery	of	a	single	clue,	as	the	coming	together	of	many	small
details.	 That	 moment	 when	 the	 sun	 shifts	 by	 a	 degree	 and	 a	 spider’s	 web,	 previously
concealed,	begins	to	shine	like	fine-spun	silver.	Because	suddenly	Sadie	could	see	how	it
all	 connected	 and	 she	 knew	 what	 had	 happened	 that	 night.	 Anthony	 hadn’t	 killed	 Theo.
Not	on	purpose,	not	by	accident,	not	at	all.

32
CORNWALL,	JUNE	23,	1933

Out	in	the	middle	of	the	lake,	the	bonfire	burned.	Orange	flames	leapt	jagged	against	the
night-starred	sky,	and	birds	cut	black	above.	Constance	loved	Midsummer.	It	was	one	of
the	few	traditions	of	her	husband’s	family	with	which	she	held.	She’d	always	appreciated
an	excuse	for	a	party,	and	the	fires	and	lanterns,	the	music	and	dancing,	the	shedding	of
inhibitions	 made	 it	 especially	 exciting.	 Constance	 had	 never	 cared	 a	 jot	 for	 all	 the
superstitious	talk	the	deShiels	spouted	about	renewals	and	transitions,	the	warding	off	of
evil	 spirits,	 but	 this	 year	 she	 wondered	 whether	 perhaps	 there	 might	 be	 something	 in	 it.
Tonight	Constance	intended	to	undertake	a	momentous	renewal	of	her	own.	After	almost
forty	years,	she	had	decided,	at	last,	to	let	go	of	an	ancient	enmity.
Her	hand	went	to	her	heart.	The	old	ache	was	still	there,	lodged	within	her	rib	cage	like
a	peach	stone.	After	decades	spent	suppressing	the	memories,	they	came	often	these	days.
Strange	the	way	she	could	forget	what	she’d	eaten	for	dinner	the	night	before,	only	to	find
herself	 right	 back	 in	 the	 frantic	 swirl	 of	 that	 room,	 that	 early	 morning	 as	 dawn	 was
breaking	outside	and	her	body	splintering	inside.	The	gormless	housemaid	dithering	with
the	 flaccid	 cloth,	 Cook’s	 sleeves	 pushed	 up	 to	 her	 raw	 elbows,	 coals	 spitting	 in	 the
fireplace.	 There’d	 been	 men	 in	 the	 corridor,	 debating	 as	 to	 What	 Should	 Be	 Done,	 but
Constance	hadn’t	listened;	their	voices	had	been	drowned	out	by	the	sound	of	the	sea.	The
wind	had	blown	ill	that	morning	and	as	people	started	to	move	in	the	liminal	dark	around
her,	a	confusion	of	rough	hands	and	sharp	voices,	Constance	had	disappeared	beneath	the
relentless	 heave	 and	 pound	 of	 the	 hateful	 waves.	 (How	 she	 despised	 that	 sound!	 Even
now,	it	threatened	to	drive	her	mad.)
Afterwards,	in	the	wasteland	of	weeks	that	followed,	Henri	had	called	in	a	number	of
doctors,	London’s	finest,	all	of	whom	agreed	it	had	been	unavoidable—the	cord	had	been
wrapped	tight	as	a	noose	around	his	little	neck—and	it	would	be	best	for	everyone	if	the
whole	 unfortunate	 incident	 were	 forgotten.	 But	 Constance	 hadn’t	 forgotten	 and	 she’d
known	 they	 were	 wrong.	 The	 “incident”	 hadn’t	 been	 unavoidable;	 her	 baby	 had	 been
killed	by	incompetence.	His	incompetence.	Of	course	the	doctors	had	closed	ranks	around
him—he	 was	 one	 of	 their	 own.	 Nature	 was	 not	 always	 kind,	 they’d	 advised,	 each	 more
ingratiating	than	the	one	before,	but	she	always	knew	best.	There	was	nothing	to	stop	them
trying	again.
Stiff	upper	lip.
Least	said	soonest	mended.
Things	would	be	different	next	time.
They	 were	 right	 about	 that.	 When	 Eleanor	 was	 born	 twelve	 months	 later	 and	 the
midwife	held	her	up	for	inspection—“It’s	a	girl!”—Constance	had	looked	her	over	from

top	to	toe,	enough	to	see	that	she	was	wet	and	pink	and	squealing,	before	nodding	shortly,
rolling	over,	and	sending	for	a	hot	cup	of	tea.
She’d	waited	for	the	feelings	to	come,	the	rush	of	maternal	love	and	longing	she’d	felt
the	first	time	(oh!	that	plump	waxen	face,	the	long	fine	fingers,	the	sweet	curled	lips	that
would	never	utter	a	sound),	but	the	days	had	passed,	one	rolling	into	the	next,	her	breasts
had	swelled	and	ached	and	then	settled,	and	before	she	knew	it	Dr.	Gibbons	was	back	to
declare	her	fit	and	usher	her	out	of	confinement.
By	then,	though,	something	between	them	had	been	silently	and	mutually	resolved.	The
baby	 girl	 cried	 and	 shouted	 and	 refused	 to	 calm	 when	 Constance	 held	 her.	 Constance
looked	 at	 the	 child’s	 bawling	 face	 and	 could	 think	 of	 no	 name	 that	 suited	 it	 more	 than
another.	It	was	left	to	Henri	to	name	and	hold	and	pace,	until	the	advertisement	could	be
placed	 and	 Nanny	 Bruen	 arrived	 on	 the	 doorstep	 with	 her	 impeccable	 references	 and
nursery	standards.	By	the	time	Daffyd	Llewellyn	stepped	in,	with	his	stories	and	rhymes,
Constance	and	Eleanor	were	as	strangers.	Over	time	she	nurtured	her	rage	against	the	man
who	had	taken	not	one	but	two	of	her	children	from	her.
But—Constance	sighed—she	was	tired	of	being	angry.	She	had	held	on	to	her	molten
hatred	 so	 long	 it	 had	 hardened	 into	 steel	 and	 she	 had	 grown	 stiff	 with	 it.	 As	 the	 band
launched	 into	 another	 merry	 tune	 and	 people	 swirled	 about	 the	 lantern-lit	 dance	 floor
within	its	ring	of	willows,	she	cut	through	the	crowd	to	the	tables	where	the	hired	waiters
were	pouring	drinks.
“A	glass	of	champagne,	ma’am?”
“Thank	you.	And	another,	please,	for	my	friend.”
She	accepted	the	two	brimming	flutes	and	made	her	way	to	sit	on	the	bench	beneath	the
arbor.	It	wasn’t	going	to	be	easy—her	old	antipathy	was	as	familiar	as	her	own	reflection
—but	it	was	time	to	let	it	go	and	be	freed	at	last	from	the	anger	and	grief	that	had	kept	her
prisoner.
As	 if	 on	 cue,	 Constance	 caught	 a	 glimpse	 of	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 the
crowd.	He	was	heading	directly	towards	the	arbor,	skirting	around	the	revelers,	almost	as
if	he	knew	she	was	waiting	for	him.	For	Constance,	the	fact	further	cemented	her	certainty
that	she	was	doing	the	right	thing.	She	was	going	to	be	polite,	even	kind;	to	inquire	after
his	health—the	heartburn	she	knew	was	giving	him	trouble—and	congratulate	him	on	his
recent	achievements	and	the	upcoming	honor.
A	smile	pulled	nervously	at	the	edge	of	her	lips.	“Mr.	Llewellyn,”	she	called,	standing
to	wave	at	him.	Her	voice	was	more	high-pitched	than	usual.
He	glanced	around,	his	body	stiffening	in	surprise	when	he	saw	her.
A	 flash	 of	 memory	 came	 and	 she	 saw	 him	 as	 a	 young	 man,	 the	 bright	 and	 dashing
physician	 her	 husband	 had	 befriended.	 Constance	 steeled	 herself.	 “I	 wondered	 if	 you
might	have	a	moment.”	Her	voice	wavered,	but	she	caught	it.	Determined,	resolved,	eager
to	be	released.	“I	was	hoping	we	might	talk.”

Constance	was	beckoning	him	with	a	glass	of	champagne	from	beneath	the	arbor,	the	very
spot	in	which	Daffyd	was	supposed	to	be	meeting	Alice	in	fifteen	minutes.	The	girl	had	a
sixth	sense	for	Ben	Munro’s	whereabouts	and	Eleanor	had	pleaded	with	him	to	keep	her
occupied	tonight.	“Please,	Daffyd,”	she’d	said.	“It	would	ruin	everything	if	Alice	were	to
turn	up	in	the	wrong	place	at	the	wrong	time.”
He’d	agreed,	but	only	because	Eleanor	was	the	closest	he’d	ever	come	to	having	a	child
of	 his	 own.	 He’d	 loved	 her	 since	 she	 was	 tiny.	 A	 poppet	 in	 a	 bundle,	 a	 permanent
attachment	to	Henri,	always	in	his	arms,	and	then	later,	when	she	was	older,	riding	on	his
shoulders	 or	 skipping	 along	 beside	 him.	 Would	 she	 have	 been	 so	 like	 her	 father	 if	 she
hadn’t	spent	so	much	time	with	him	when	she	was	small?	It	was	impossible	to	say,	but	she
was,	 and	 Daffyd	 loved	 her	 for	 it.	 “Please,”	 she’d	 said,	 taking	 his	 hands	 in	 hers.	 “I’m
begging	you.	I	can’t	do	this	without	you.”	And	so,	of	course,	he’d	agreed.
In	truth,	he	had	grave	misgivings	about	the	whole	idea.	The	worry	he	felt	for	Eleanor
was	driving	him	to	distraction	and	distress.	His	heartburn	had	become	chronic	since	she’d
told	him,	and	the	old	depression,	the	malaise	that	had	once	threatened	to	overwhelm	him,
was	back.	He’d	seen	firsthand	what	could	happen	to	women	who	lost	their	children.	It	was
the	sort	of	plot	invented	by	desperation	that	held	together	only	in	the	long	wee	hours	of
night.
He’d	 pleaded	 with	 her	 to	 reconsider,	 during	 the	 many	 conversations	 they’d	 had	 in
which	she’d	poured	out	her	heart,	but	she	had	been	adamant.	He	understood	her	loyalty	to
Anthony—he’d	 known	 them	 both	 when	 they	 were	 young	 and	 grieved	 as	 she	 did	 for	 the
loss	her	husband	had	suffered—and	he	shared	her	fears	for	baby	Theo.	But	to	make	such	a
sacrifice!	There	had	to	be	another	way.	“Show	it	to	me,”	she’d	said,	“and	I	will	take	it.”
But	 no	 matter	 how	 he	 twisted	 and	 turned	 the	 pieces	 of	 the	 puzzle,	 he	 could	 find	 no
arrangement	that	pleased	her.	Not	without	making	public	Anthony’s	troubles,	and	that	she
refused	to	do.
“I	made	him	a	promise,”	she	said,	“and	you	of	all	people	know	that	promises	aren’t	for
breaking.	You’re	the	one	who	taught	me	that.”	Daffyd	had	remonstrated	with	her	when	she
said	that,	gently	at	first,	and	then	sternly,	trying	to	make	her	see	that	the	logic	animating
his	made-up	world	of	faeries,	those	luminous	threads	he	wove	together	to	make	his	stories,
were	not	strong	enough	to	support	the	complications	of	a	human	being’s	life.	But	she	was
not	to	be	dissuaded.	“Sometimes	to	love	from	afar	is	as	much	as	we	can	hope	for,”	she’d
said,	and	in	the	end	he’d	consoled	himself	that	nothing	was	forever.	That	she	could	always
change	her	mind.	That	perhaps	it	was	all	for	the	best,	a	temporary	safe	haven	for	the	little
fellow.
So	 he’d	 done	 as	 she	 asked.	 Arranged	 to	 meet	 Alice	 here	 tonight,	 to	 keep	 her	 from
stumbling	where	she	shouldn’t	and	scuppering	their	plans.	Eleanor	had	been	sure	the	girl’s
natural	 curiosity	 would	 be	 enough	 to	 ensure	 her	 compliance	 and	 he’d	 been	 readying
himself	 all	 day,	 going	 over	 contingencies,	 anticipating	 problems;	 but	 he	 hadn’t	 foreseen
being	intercepted	by	Constance.	As	a	rule,	Daffyd	tried	to	think	of	Constance	as	little	as
possible.	 They’d	 never	 seen	 eye	 to	 eye,	 even	 before	 the	 terrible	 business	 of	 that	 night.
Throughout	her	courtship	with	Henri,	Daffyd	had	watched	from	the	sidelines	as	she	led	his
friend	a	merry	dance.	So	cruel,	so	uncaring,	and	yet	Henri	had	been	smitten.	He’d	thought

he	could	tame	her,	that	when	she	agreed	to	marry	him	her	days	of	playing	the	field	were
over.
Constance’s	grief	after	the	baby’s	death	had	been	real,	though;	Daffyd	didn’t	doubt	that.
Her	 heart	 had	 been	 broken,	 she’d	 needed	 someone	 to	 blame,	 and	 her	 eye	 had	 turned	 on
him.	 It	 didn’t	 matter	 how	 many	 doctors	 explained	 about	 the	 cord,	 assured	 her	 that	 the
outcome	 would	 have	 been	 the	 same	 no	 matter	 who	 was	 in	 attendance;	 she	 wouldn’t
believe	them.	She’d	never	forgiven	Daffyd	for	the	part	he’d	played.	But	then,	he’d	never
forgiven	himself	either.	He’d	never	practiced	again.	His	passion	for	medicine	had	died	that
bleak	morning.	He	was	beset	with	images	of	the	baby’s	face;	the	clammy	heat	of	the	room;
the	terrible	keening	that	came	from	Constance	as	she	clung	to	the	stillborn	child.
But	now,	here	she	was,	holding	out	a	champagne	flute	and	asking	to	talk.
“Thank	you,”	he	said,	accepting	the	glass	and	taking	a	larger	sip	than	he	might	have.	It
was	 cold	 and	 bubbling	 and	 he	 hadn’t	 realized	 quite	 how	 parched	 he	 was,	 how	 nervous
about	the	task	that	lay	ahead.	When	he	finally	stopped	drinking,	Constance	was	watching
him,	a	strange	look	on	her	face,	surprised,	no	doubt,	by	his	uncouth	thirst.
And	 then	 it	 was	 gone.	 She	 smiled.	 “I’ve	 always	 loved	 Midsummer.	 There’s	 so	 much
possibility	in	the	air,	don’t	you	think?”
“Too	many	people	for	me,	I’m	afraid.”
“At	the	party,	perhaps,	but	I	was	speaking	more	generally.	The	idea	of	renewal,	a	fresh
start.”
There	was	something	unsettling	in	her	manner.	She	was	as	nervous	as	he	was,	Daffyd
realized.	He	took	another	swig	of	champagne.
“Why,	you	of	all	people	know	the	benefit	of	a	fresh	start,	don’t	you,	Daffyd?	Such	a
transition	you	made.	Such	a	surprising	second	chance.”
“I	have	been	fortunate.”
“Henri	was	so	proud	of	your	literary	endeavors,	and	Eleanor—well,	she	worships	the
ground	you	walk	on.”
“I’ve	always	been	inordinately	fond	of	her,	too.”
“Oh,	yes,	I	know.	You	spoiled	her	dreadfully.	All	those	stories	you	told,	writing	her	into
your	book.”	She	laughed	lightly,	before	seeming	to	experience	a	sudden	sobering	of	mood.
“I’ve	 become	 old,	 Daffyd.	 I	 find	 myself	 thinking	 often	 about	 the	 past.	 Opportunities
missed,	people	lost.”
“It	happens	to	us	all.”
“I’ve	been	meaning	to	congratulate	you	on	your	recent	honor,	the	royal	order.	There’ll
be	a	reception	at	the	palace,	I	presume?”
“I	believe	so.”
“You’ll	meet	the	King.	Did	I	ever	tell	you,	I	almost	enjoyed	the	same	privilege	when	I
was	a	young	woman?	I	fell	ill,	alas,	and	my	sister,	Vera,	went	in	my	stead.	These	things

can’t	be	helped,	of	course.	Life	is	filled	with	twists	and	turns.	Your	success,	for	instance—
a	tremendous	case	of	roses	from	the	ashes.”
“Constance—”
“Daffyd.”	She	inhaled	and	drew	herself	to	full	height.	“I	was	hoping	you	might	agree	it
was	time	to	put	the	past	behind	us.”
“I—”
“One	cannot	hold	on	to	ill	feelings	forever.	There	comes	a	time	when	one	must	decide
to	act	rather	than	to	react.”
“Constance,	I—”
“No,	 let	 me	 finish,	 Daffyd,	 please.	 I’ve	 imagined	 this	 conversation	 so	 many	 times.	 I
need	to	say	it.”	He	nodded,	and	she	smiled	brief	appreciation	before	lifting	her	glass.	Her
hand	shook	slightly,	whether	from	emotion	or	advanced	age,	Daffyd	didn’t	know.	“I’d	like
to	propose	a	toast.	To	action.	To	remedy.	And	to	renewal.”
He	 met	 her	 glass	 with	 his	 own	 and	 they	 drank,	 Daffyd	 almost	 gulping	 the	 last	 of	 his
champagne.	 He	 was	 stalling;	 he	 felt	 overcome.	 It	 was	 all	 so	 unexpected	 and	 he	 wasn’t
quite	 sure	 what	 to	 say:	 a	 lifetime	 of	 guilt	 and	 grief	 welled	 up	 inside	 him	 and	 his	 eyes
glazed.	It	was	too	much	to	bear	on	a	night	that	was	already	heavy	with	distressing	duties.
His	 tumult	 must	 have	 been	 evident,	 for	 Constance	 was	 scrutinizing	 him,	 watching	 as
closely	 as	 if	 she	 were	 seeing	 him	 for	 the	 first	 time.	 Perhaps	 because	 he	 was	 being
observed,	he	felt	himself	sway	unsteadily.	He	was	hot	suddenly.	It	was	stuffy	here,	very
warm.	 There	 were	 so	 many	 people	 fussing,	 and	 the	 music	 was	 too	 loud.	 He	 drained	 the
last	dregs	of	his	champagne.
“Daffyd?”	Constance	said,	frowning.	“You	look	peaky.”
His	hand	went	to	his	forehead	as	if	to	steady	himself.	He	blinked,	trying	to	focus	his
vision,	to	stop	seeing	fuzzy	haloes	around	everyone	and	everything.
“Shall	I	get	you	a	glass	of	water?	Do	you	need	some	fresh	air?”
“Air,”	he	said,	his	throat	very	dry,	his	voice	raspy.	“Please.”
There	 were	 people	 everywhere,	 faces,	 voices,	 all	 a	 blur,	 and	 he	 was	 glad	 to	 have	 her
arm	 to	 steady	 him.	 Not	 in	 a	 million	 years	 would	 Daffyd	 have	 anticipated	 a	 scenario	 in
which	it	would	be	Constance	rendering	him	aid.	And	yet,	without	her,	he	feared,	he	might
have	fallen.
They	passed	through	a	group	of	laughing	people	and	he	thought	he	glimpsed	Alice	in
the	distance.	He	tried	to	say	something,	to	explain	to	Constance	that	he	couldn’t	go	too	far,
that	he	had	important	business	to	take	care	of,	but	his	tongue	was	lazy	and	wouldn’t	form
the	words.	There	was	still	time.	Eleanor	had	said	they	weren’t	meeting	until	midnight.	He
would	do	as	he	promised;	he	just	needed	a	bit	of	cool	air	first.
They	followed	the	path	beyond	the	hedge	until	the	noise	of	the	crowd	seemed	very	far
away.	His	heart	was	galloping.	It	was	more	than	his	usual	heartburn	or	anxiety;	he	could
hear	his	pulse	coursing	behind	his	ears.	It	was	guilt,	of	course;	memories	of	that	terrible

dawn	so	long	ago;	his	failure	to	save	the	little	lad.	To	think	that	Constance	should	be	the
one	to	make	amends.	Daffyd	felt	an	overwhelming	urge	to	weep.
His	 head	 was	 spinning.	 Voices,	 so	 many	 of	 them,	 cacophonous,	 distant,	 but	 one	 cut
high	above	them	all,	close	to	his	ear,	in	his	ear.	“Just	wait	here.	Rest	a	moment,	I’ll	fetch
you	some	water.”
He	was	ice	cold	suddenly.	He	glanced	around	him.	The	owner	of	the	voice	was	gone.
He	was	alone.	Where	was	she?	Where	was	who?	Someone	had	been	with	him.	Or	had	he
imagined	it?	He	was	tired,	so	tired.
His	head	swirled	with	the	sounds	around	him.	Fish	flicking	their	tails	in	the	dark	pools,
mysterious	dripping	noises	in	the	depths	of	the	woods.
He	glimpsed	the	boathouse.	There	were	too	many	people	there,	laughing	and	squealing
as	 they	 skylarked	 in	 the	 lamplit	 boats.	 He	 needed	 to	 be	 alone,	 to	 breathe,	 to	 regain	 his
composure.
He	 would	 walk	 just	 a	 little	 further	 in	 the	 other	 direction.	 Along	 the	 stream.	 It	 had
always	been	one	of	his	favorite	places.	Such	fine	days	they’d	had,	such	long,	sunny	days,
he	 and	 Henri,	 and,	 later,	 little	 Eleanor	 skipping	 along,	 delighting	 them	 with	 her
perspicacity.	 Daffyd	 would	 never	 forget	 the	 look	 on	 Henri’s	 face	 when	 he	 watched	 his
daughter,	the	cast	of	absolute	adoration.	Daffyd	had	tried	to	sketch	that	expression	many
times	but	never	managed	to	capture	it	on	paper.
He	stumbled	and	corrected	himself.	His	legs	felt	very	odd.	Loose,	as	if	all	the	ligaments
had	turned	to	rubber.	He	decided	to	sit	down	for	a	time.	Just	a	short	time.	He	fumbled	in
his	pocket	for	one	of	his	heartburn	pills,	popped	it	in	his	mouth,	and	swallowed	hard.
The	earth	was	cool	and	damp	beneath	him,	and	he	leaned	his	back	against	the	strong,
solid	trunk	of	a	tree.	He	closed	his	eyes.	His	pulse	was	like	a	river,	flowing	fast	after	rain,
rhythmical.	 He	 felt	 himself,	 a	 boat	 caught	 by	 the	 current,	 swishing	 and	 turning	 and
throbbing.
Daffyd	could	see	Henri’s	face	now.	Such	a	gentlemanly	face,	a	good	face.	Eleanor	was
right.	 Sometimes	 to	 love	 from	 afar	 was	 the	 most	 one	 could	 hope	 for.	 And	 it	 was	 better,
surely,	than	never	to	have	loved	at	all.
Oh,	but	it	was	hard.
The	stream	lapped	at	the	banks	and	Daffyd	Llewellyn’s	breathing	slowed	to	match	it.
He	had	to	see	Alice;	he’d	promised	Eleanor.	He	would	go	soon.	Just	a	few	more	minutes
here,	 the	 earth	 solid	 and	 cool	 beneath	 him,	 the	 tree	 faithful,	 the	 breeze	 light	 against	 his
cheeks.	And	Henri’s	face	in	his	memory,	his	old	friend,	calling	him,	motioning	with	his
hand	that	Daffyd	should	follow	soon	.	.	.
Alice	was	glancing	at	her	wristwatch	when	she	almost	ran	into	her	grandmother.	The	old
woman	 was	 walking	 very	 quickly,	 and	 seemed	 to	 be	 in	 a	 state	 of	 uncharacteristic
excitement.	 “Water,”	 she	 said	 when	 she	 saw	 Alice;	 her	 cheeks	 were	 red	 and	 her	 eyes
bright.	“I	need	some	water.”

Ordinarily,	Alice	would	have	found	her	grandmother’s	unusual	energy	enough	to	spark
her	 curiosity,	 but	 not	 that	 evening.	 Her	 whole	 world	 had	 collapsed	 and	 she	 was	 far	 too
busy	soaking	in	her	own	shame	and	distress	to	wonder	at	the	peculiarities	of	others.	It	was
only	 out	 of	 a	 deep	 sense	 of	 duty	 that	 she’d	 come	 to	 meet	 Mr.	 Llewellyn	 tonight.	 Alice
could	hardly	bear	to	think	back	to	their	conversation	that	morning;	she’d	been	so	keen	to
get	rid	of	him,	so	excited	to	go	and	show	her	manuscript	to	Ben,	so	proud.	What	a	mistake
that	had	turned	out	to	be.
Lord,	but	she	could	just	about	die	of	embarrassment!	Alice	sat	on	the	chair	beneath	the
arbor	and	pulled	her	knees	to	her	chest,	utterly	miserable.	She	hadn’t	wanted	to	come	to
the	party	at	all,	preferring	to	lick	her	wounds	in	private,	but	Mother	had	insisted.	“You’re
not	going	to	sit	inside	all	night	sulking,”	she’d	said.	“You’re	to	put	on	your	best	dress	and
join	the	rest	of	your	family	outside.	I	don’t	know	what’s	got	into	you,	and	why	you	have	to
choose	tonight	of	all	nights,	but	I	won’t	stand	for	it,	Alice.	Too	much	planning	has	gone
into	the	evening	for	you	to	spoil	it	with	your	mood.”
And	so,	here	she	was,	under	sufferance.	She’d	wanted	to	spend	the	whole	night	in	her
bedroom,	hiding	beneath	the	covers,	trying	to	forget	what	a	fool	she’d	been,	what	a	stupid
little	fool.	It	was	all	Mr.	Llewellyn’s	fault.	By	the	time	she’d	got	rid	of	the	old	man	that
morning,	she’d	figured	it	would	be	cutting	things	too	fine	to	show	Ben	the	manuscript;	Mr.
Harris	and	his	son	would	be	back	any	minute.	And	so,	instead,	she’d	decided	to	take	her
pages	 straight	 to	 the	 boathouse	 later	 that	 afternoon.	 That	 way,	 Alice	 had	 reasoned,	 they
could	be	together	in	private	at	last.
Her	skin	flamed	as	she	remembered.	The	way	she’d	skipped	up	the	stairs	to	knock	on
the	door,	brimming	with	excitement,	with	confidence.	The	special	care	she’d	taken	with
her	clothing	and	hair.	The	spritz	of	Mother’s	cologne	she’d	sneaked	beneath	the	buttons	of
her	blouse	and	onto	the	insides	of	her	wrists,	just	as	she’d	seen	Deborah	do.
“Alice,”	he’d	said	when	he	saw	her,	smiling	(confusedly,	she	could	see	that	now;	at	the
time	she’d	thought	only	that	he	was	as	nervous	as	she	was.	The	mortification	burned!).	“I
wasn’t	expecting	anyone.”
He	opened	the	boathouse	door	and	she	stepped	across	the	threshold,	pleased	at	the	waft
of	 perfume	 that	 trailed	 her.	 It	 was	 cozy	 inside,	 with	 only	 room	 for	 a	 bed	 and	 a	 basic
kitchen.	Alice	had	never	been	inside	a	man’s	bedroom	and	had	to	work	hard	to	stop	herself
from	gawping	like	a	silly	child	at	the	patchwork	eiderdown	draped	casually	at	the	end	of
the	mattress.
There	 was	 a	 little	 rectangular-shaped	 gift	 on	 top,	 wrapped	 plainly	 but	 neatly,	 with	 a
piece	of	twine	tied	around	it,	a	card	made	from	one	of	Ben’s	paper	animals.	“Is	that	for
me?”	Alice	said,	remembering	his	promise	that	he	had	something	to	give	her.
He	 followed	 her	 glance.	 “It	 is.	 Nothing	 grand,	 mind	 you,	 just	 a	 small	 token	 of
encouragement	for	your	writing.”
Alice	could	have	burst	with	pleasure.	“Speaking	of	which,”	she	said,	before	beginning
an	excited	account	of	having	finished	the	manuscript.	“Hot	off	the	press.”	She	forced	the
copy	she’d	made	specially	into	his	hands.	“I	wanted	you	to	be	the	first	to	read	it.”

He	was	thrilled	for	her,	a	broad	smile	bringing	a	dimple	to	his	left	cheek.	“Alice!	That’s
tremendous.	What	an	achievement!	The	first	copy	of	many,	you	mark	my	words.”	She	felt
so	adult,	basking	in	his	praise.
He	promised	to	read	it	and	for	a	moment	she	held	her	breath,	waiting	for	him	to	turn
the	 cover	 and	 see	 the	 dedication,	 but	 instead	 he	 set	 it	 down	 on	 the	 table.	 There	 was	 an
open	 bottle	 of	 lemonade	 nearby,	 and	 Alice	 was	 suddenly	 parched.	 “I’d	 kill	 for	 a	 drink,”
she	said	in	a	kittenish	voice.
“No	need	to	do	that.”	He	poured	her	a	glass.	“I’m	more	than	happy	to	share.”
While	his	attention	was	elsewhere,	she	released	the	top	button	of	her	blouse.	He	handed
her	the	glass	and	their	fingers	touched.	An	electric	shiver	shot	right	down	her	spine.
Without	 breaking	 his	 gaze,	 Alice	 took	 a	 sip.	 The	 lemonade	 was	 cold	 and	 sweet.	 She
licked	her	lips	delicately.	This	was	it.	Now	or	never.	In	one	swift	motion,	she	set	down	the
glass,	stepped	towards	him,	and	took	his	face	between	her	palms,	leaning	in	to	kiss	him
just	the	way	she’d	dreamed	of	doing.
For	a	second	it	had	been	so	perfect!	She	breathed	in	his	scent,	leather	and	musk	and	just
the	 faintest	 tang	 of	 perspiration,	 and	 his	 lips	 were	 warm	 and	 soft,	 and	 she	 swooned,
because	she’d	known	it	would	be	just	like	this,	all	along	she’d	known.	.	.	.
And	then,	suddenly,	the	growing	flame	was	snuffed.	He	pulled	away,	his	eyes	searching
hers.
“What	is	it?”	she	said.	“Did	I	do	it	wrong?”
“Oh,	 Alice.”	 Realization	 and	 concern	 competed	 on	 his	 face.	 “Alice,	 I’m	 sorry.	 I’ve
been	so	stupid.	I	had	no	idea.”
“What	are	you	talking	about?”
“I	thought—I	didn’t	think.”	He	smiled	then,	gently,	sadly,	and	she	saw	that	he	felt	pity
for	 her	 and	 that’s	 when	 she	 knew.	 It	 hit	 her	 in	 an	 instant.	 He	 didn’t	 feel	 as	 she	 did.	 He
never	had.
He	was	still	speaking,	his	expression	earnest,	his	brow	furrowed	and	his	eyes	kind,	but
the	 ringing	 of	 mortification	 in	 her	 ears	 was	 shrill	 and	 unrelenting.	 Occasionally	 the
frequency	 slipped	 and	 she	 caught	 a	 fragment	 of	 platitude:	 “You’re	 a	 terrific	 girl	 .	 .	 .	 so
very	smart	.	.	.	a	wonderful	writer	.	.	.	a	great	future	ahead	of	you	.	.	.	you’ll	meet	someone
else	.	.	.”
She	was	parched	and	dizzy,	she	needed	not	to	be	here	anymore,	in	this	place	where	she
had	 so	 disgraced	 herself,	 where	 the	 man	 she	 loved,	 the	 only	 man	 she’d	 ever	 love,	 was
looking	at	her	with	pity	and	apology	in	his	eyes,	and	talking	to	her	in	the	tone	of	voice	all
adults	used	to	placate	confused	children.
With	 all	 the	 dignity	 she	 could	 muster,	 Alice	 picked	 up	 her	 glass	 and	 finished	 the
lemonade.	She	collected	her	manuscript	with	its	nauseating	dedication	and	started	towards
the	door.
And	 that’s	 when	 she	 noticed	 his	 suitcase.	 Later,	 she	 would	 reflect	 on	 the	 fact,	 and
wonder	 whether	 there	 was	 something	 wrong	 with	 her	 that,	 even	 when	 her	 heart	 was

breaking,	 a	 small	 part	 of	 her	 stood	 outside	 the	 emotional	 truth	 of	 the	 moment,	 taking
notes.	Later	still,	when	she’d	become	better	acquainted	with	Graham	Greene,	she	would
realize	it	was	merely	the	splinter	of	ice	that	all	writers	hold	in	their	hearts.
The	suitcase	was	open	against	the	wall	and	it	was	full	of	neat	piles	of	clothing.	Ben’s
clothing.	He	was	packing.
Without	turning	back	to	face	him,	she	said,	“You’re	leaving.”
“I	am.”
“Why?”	Oh,	horrid	vanity,	but	she	felt	a	resurgence	of	hope	that	he	did	love	her	after	all
and	it	was	his	love	that	was	forcing	him	to	leave.	His	respect	for	her	youth	and	his	duty	to
the	family	who	employed	him.
But	no.	Instead	he	said,	“It’s	time.	Past	time,	in	fact.	My	contract	ended	a	fortnight	ago.
I	only	stayed	on	to	help	in	the	lead-up	to	Midsummer.”
“Where	will	you	go?”
“I’m	not	sure	yet.”
He	 was	 a	 Gypsy,	 of	 course,	 a	 Traveler.	 He’d	 never	 described	 himself	 in	 any	 other
terms.	And	now	he	was	leaving.	Walking	out	of	her	life	as	casually	as	he’d	walked	into	it.
A	sudden	thought	struck	her.	She	turned.	“There’s	someone	else,	isn’t	there?”
Ben	didn’t	answer,	but	he	didn’t	need	to.	She	could	tell	at	once	by	the	sorry	look	on	his
face	that	there	was.
With	 a	 small	 dizzy	 nod,	 and	 without	 another	 glance	 at	 him,	 she	 left	 the	 boathouse.
Head	held	high,	gaze	steady,	one	calm	step	after	another.	“Alice,	your	gift,”	he	called	after
her,	but	she	didn’t	go	back.
Only	when	she’d	rounded	the	bend	in	the	path	did	she	hug	her	manuscript	to	her	chest
and	run	as	fast	as	her	tear-blinded	eyes	allowed	her,	towards	the	house.
How	 had	 she	 got	 it	 so	 wrong?	 Sitting	 on	 the	 garden	 bench	 beneath	 the	 arbor,	 as
Midsummer	 celebrations	 swirled	 around	 her,	 Alice	 still	 couldn’t	 understand.	 Her	 mind
spooled	 back	 across	 a	 year	 of	 interactions.	 He’d	 always	 been	 so	 pleased	 to	 see	 her,
listening	intently	when	she	spoke	about	her	writing,	her	family,	even	offering	suggestions
when	she	complained	about	Mother,	the	misunderstandings	they’d	been	having,	trying	to
mend	the	rift	between	them.	Alice	had	never	met	anyone	who	cared	so	much,	understood
her	like	he	did.
It	was	true,	he’d	never,	not	once,	touched	her,	not	properly,	not	the	way	she	wanted	him
to,	 and	 she’d	 wondered	 at	 the	 things	 she’d	 heard	 Deborah	 saying	 about	 young	 men	 and
their	 lecherous,	 leering	 attentions;	 but	 she’d	 simply	 supposed	 him	 too	 much	 of	 a
gentleman.	 And	 that	 was	 the	 problem.	 She’d	 supposed	 too	 much.	 All	 along,	 she’d	 seen
only	what	she	wanted	to	see:	her	own	desires	reflected	back	at	her.
With	a	heartsick	sigh,	Alice	glanced	about	for	Mr.	Llewellyn.	She’d	been	waiting	over
fifteen	minutes	now	and	there	was	still	no	sign	of	him.	She	ought	to	leave.	After	dragging
herself	out	to	meet	him,	he	hadn’t	even	bothered	to	keep	their	appointment.	He’d	probably

forgotten	all	about	it,	or	had	got	caught	up	with	more	enjoyable	company	and	was	running
late.	It	would	serve	him	right	to	turn	up	and	find	that	she	wasn’t	here.
But	 where	 would	 she	 go?	 To	 the	 gondolas?	 No,	 they	 were	 far	 too	 close	 to	 the
boathouse.	She	never	wanted	to	set	foot	down	there	again.	To	the	house?	No,	there	were
servants	everywhere,	all	of	them	Mother’s	spies,	only	too	happy	to	report	that	Alice	had
disobeyed	instructions.	The	dance	floor?	Hardly!	She	couldn’t	think	of	anything	she	felt
like	less	than	kicking	up	her	heels	and	whooping	in	the	fashion	of	those	other	fools—and
who,	pray	tell,	would	she	dance	with?
And	there	it	was.	The	awful	truth.	She	had	nothing	better	to	do	and	no	one	to	do	it	with.
Little	 wonder	 Ben	 didn’t	 love	 her.	 She	 was	 utterly	 unlovable.	 It	 was	 ten	 minutes	 to
midnight,	the	fireworks	would	begin	soon,	and	Alice	was	all	alone.	She	was	hopeless	and
friendless,	and	there	didn’t	seem	to	be	much	point	at	all	in	going	on.
She	 saw	 herself	 then,	 as	 if	 from	 above.	 A	 lone,	 tragic	 figure,	 dressed	 in	 her	 prettiest
frock,	hugging	her	knees;	a	girl	whose	entire	family	misunderstood	her.
She	 looked,	 in	 fact,	 a	 bit	 like	 an	 immigrant	 girl,	 sitting	 on	 the	 wharf	after	a	long	sea
journey.	It	was	something	about	the	curve	of	her	shoulders,	the	bow	of	her	head,	her	fine,
straight	neck.	She	was	a	steadfast	sort	of	girl,	dealing	with	great	loss.	Her	family	had	all
been	killed	(how?	Horribly,	tragically,	the	details	didn’t	matter,	not	now),	but	with	fierce
determination	 she’d	 charged	 herself	 with	 avenging	 their	 deaths.	 Alice	 sat	 taller,	 as	 the
kernel	 of	 an	 idea	 began	 to	 grow.	 She	 reached	 slowly	 into	 her	 pocket	 to	 stroke	 her
notebook.	Thinking,	thinking	.	.	.
The	girl	was	alone	in	the	world,	utterly	bereft,	abandoned	and	forgotten	by	all	those	she
might	have	presumed	to	trust,	but	she	was	going	to	prevail.	Alice	would	make	sure	of	it.
She	 stood	 quickly	 as	 a	 spark	 of	 animation	 fired	 her	 from	 within.	 Her	 breaths	 had
quickened	 and	 her	 head	 was	 swimming	 with	 shimmery	 threads	 of	 ideas	 that	 needed
braiding	together.	She	needed	to	think,	to	plot.
The	 woods!	 That’s	 where	 she’d	 go.	 Away	 from	 the	 party,	 away	 from	 all	 these	 silly
revelling	people.	She	would	concentrate	on	planning	her	next	story.	She	didn’t	need	Ben,
or	Mr.	Llewellyn,	or	any	of	them.	She	was	Alice	Edevane,	and	she	was	a	storyteller.
The	 plan	 was	 to	 meet	 in	 the	 woods,	 five	 minutes	 after	 midnight.	 Eleanor	 only	 realized
when	 she	 saw	 him	 waiting,	 right	 where	 he’d	 said	 he’d	 be,	 that	 she’d	 been	 holding	 her
breath	all	night,	expecting	it	to	go	wrong.
“Hello,”	she	said.
“Hello.”
Oddly	formal.	The	only	way	they	were	going	to	get	through	the	awful	task	ahead.	They
didn’t	 embrace,	 rather	 brushed	 each	 other’s	 forearms,	 elbows,	 wrists	 in	 an	 awkward
approximation	of	the	affection,	the	ease,	to	which	they	were	both	accustomed.	Everything
was	different	tonight.
“You	had	no	trouble?”	he	said.

“I	 met	 a	 housemaid	 on	 the	 stairs	 earlier,	 but	 she	 was	 flustered,	 gathering	 champagne
flutes	for	midnight.	She	thought	nothing	of	it.”
“Probably	 a	 good	 thing.	 It	 puts	 you	 at	 the	 scene	 well	 ahead	 of	 time.	 It’s	 less
suspicious.”
Eleanor	 flinched	 at	 the	 blunt	 expressions.	 At	 the	 scene.	 Less	 suspicious.	 How	 had	 it
come	to	this?	A	reeling	sensation	of	panic	and	confusion	swirled	within	her,	threatening	to
fell	 her.	 The	 world	 beyond,	 the	 surrounding	 woods,	 the	 party	 in	 the	 distance,	 were	 all	 a
blur.	 She	 felt	 entirely	 disconnected	 from	 it	 all.	 There	 was	 no	 lantern-lit	 boathouse,	 no
guests	laughing	and	flirting	in	their	silks	and	satins,	no	lake	or	house	or	orchestra;	there
was	only	this,	now,	this	thing	they’d	planned,	that	had	seemed	so	reasonable	at	the	time,
so	logical.
A	 peony	 shell	 whistled	 through	 the	 sky	 behind	 them,	 cycling	 higher	 until	 it	 burst,	 a
cacophony	of	red	sparks,	falling	back	over	the	lake.	It	was	a	spur	to	action.	The	fireworks
were	 scheduled	 to	 run	 for	 thirty	 minutes;	 Eleanor	 had	 instructed	 the	 pyrotechnician	 to
mount	a	display	that	no	one	could	resist,	she’d	given	the	servants	permission	to	enjoy	the
show,	Daffyd	was	keeping	Alice	occupied.	“We	must	get	moving,”	she	said.	“There	isn’t
much	time.	I’ll	be	missed.”
Her	 eyes	 had	 adjusted	 to	 the	 dark	 of	 the	 woods	 and	 she	 could	 see	 him	 quite	 clearly
now.	His	face	was	a	picture	of	reluctance	and	regret,	his	dark	eyes	searching	hers,	looking,
she	knew,	for	a	crack	in	her	resolve.	It	would	be	very	easy	to	show	him	one.	To	say,	“I
think	 we’ve	 made	 a	 mistake,”	 or	 “Let’s	 give	 it	 a	 little	 more	 thought,”	 and	 retreat	 in
different	directions.	But	she	hardened	her	heart	and	started	towards	the	trapdoor	that	led
down	to	the	tunnel.
Maybe	 he	 won’t	 follow,	 she	 thought,	 she	 hoped.	 And	 then	 she	 could	 go	 back	 alone,
leave	 her	 sleeping	 baby	 where	 he	 was,	 return	 to	 the	 party	 as	 if	 she	 hadn’t	 a	 care	 in	 the
world.	 She	 could	 wake	 tomorrow,	 and	 when	 she	 next	 saw	 Ben	 they	 would	 shake	 their
heads	together	in	amused	disbelief,	astonishment	at	the	madness	that	had	engulfed	them,
the	crazy	thing	they’d	almost	done,	the	enchantment	they’d	been	under.	“A	folie	à	deux,”
they’d	say,	“a	lunacy	shared	by	two.”
But	 even	 as	 she	 thought	 it,	 even	 as	 her	 spirit	 lifted	 and	 lightened,	 she	knew	it	would
solve	 nothing.	 Anthony	 was	 worse	 than	 ever.	 Theo	 was	 in	 danger.	 And	 now,	 in	 an
unimaginable—a	devastating—development,	Deborah	and	Clemmie	had	found	out	about
Eleanor	and	Ben.	The	very	thought	that	her	daughters	knew	she’d	been	unfaithful	to	their
father	made	Eleanor	want	to	shrink	into	a	tiny	speck	of	dust	and	float	away.	Which	was
weak,	and	lazy,	and	only	served	to	heighten	her	self-loathing.	No,	this	plan,	this	sickening
unthinkable	 plan,	 was	 the	 only	 way	 to	 stem	 disaster’s	 flow.	 More	 than	 that,	 it	 was
precisely	what	she	deserved.
Eleanor	 started.	 Something	 had	 just	 moved	 in	 the	 woods,	 she	 was	 sure	 of	 it.	 She’d
glimpsed—or	had	she	heard?—something	in	the	dark.	Was	someone	there?	Had	they	been
seen?
She	scanned	the	trees	beyond,	hardly	daring	to	breathe.
There	was	nothing.

She’d	imagined	it.
It	was	nothing	more	than	a	guilty	conscience.
All	the	same,	it	was	as	well	not	to	linger.	“Quickly,”	she	whispered,	“follow	me	down
the	ladder.	Quickly.”
She	reached	the	bottom	and	stepped	aside	to	make	room	for	him	in	the	narrow,	brickwalled	tunnel.	He’d	closed	the	trapdoor	behind	him	and	it	was	blacker	than	night.	Eleanor
turned	 on	 the	 torch	 she’d	 hidden	 earlier	 and	 led	 him	 through	 the	 passage	 towards	 the
house.	 It	 smelled	 of	 must	 and	 mold	 and	 a	 thousand	 childhood	 adventures.	 She	 longed
suddenly	 to	 be	 a	 child	 again,	 with	 no	 more	 to	 worry	 about	 than	 how	 to	 fill	 the	 endless
sunlit	 day.	 A	 sob	 burned	 her	 throat,	 threatening	 to	 burst	 free,	 and	 she	 shook	 her	 head
angrily,	 cursing	 herself	 for	 such	 indulgence.	 She	 needed	 to	 be	 stronger	 than	 that.	 There
would	be	far	worse	to	come	in	the	days	ahead.	Sometime	tomorrow	morning	the	discovery
would	be	made,	a	search	would	be	called,	the	police	would	become	involved.	There’d	be
interviews	 and	 an	 investigation,	 and	 Eleanor	 would	 have	 to	 play	 her	 ghastly	 part—and
Ben	would	be	gone.
Ben.	She	could	hear	his	footfalls	behind	her,	and	the	fleeting,	stinging	awareness	came
again	that	she	was	going	to	lose	him,	too.	That	in	a	matter	of	minutes	he	would	turn	and
walk	 away	 and	 she	 would	 never	 see	 him	 again.	 .	 .	 .	 No.	 Eleanor	 clenched	 her	 jaw	 and
forced	herself	to	focus	only	on	her	progress.	One	foot	in	front	of	the	other,	only	stopping
when	she	reached	the	set	of	stone	steps	that	led	up	through	the	cavity	in	the	wall	of	the
house.	She	shone	her	torch’s	beam	towards	the	door	at	the	top	and	drew	a	deep	breath.	The
air	was	thick	inside	the	passage,	still	and	earthy,	and	dust	spores	hung	in	the	strip	of	light.
Once	they	went	through	that	door,	there’d	be	no	turning	back.	She	was	steeling	herself	to
start	climbing,	when	Ben	grabbed	her	wrist.	Surprised,	she	turned	to	face	him.
“Eleanor,	I—”
“No,”	she	said,	her	voice	unexpectedly	flat	in	the	narrow	bricked	space.	“Ben,	don’t.”
“It	kills	me	to	say	goodbye.”
“Then	don’t.”
She	 saw	 at	 once,	 from	 the	 brightening	 of	 his	 expression	 in	 the	 torchlight,	 that	 he’d
misunderstood	her.	That	he	thought	she	was	suggesting	he	need	not	leave.	She	hurried	to
add,	“Don’t	say	it.	Just	do	what	has	to	be	done.”
“There	must	be	another	way.”
“There	isn’t.”	There	wasn’t.	If	there	were,	she’d	have	found	it.	Eleanor	had	thought	and
thought	until	she	felt	her	brain	would	bleed	from	the	effort.	She’d	enlisted	Mr.	Llewellyn
and	even	he	had	been	unable	to	suggest	an	acceptable	alternative.	There	was	no	way	to	do
the	right	thing	by	everybody,	to	keep	everybody	happy.	This	was	the	closest	she	had	come,
this	plan	in	which	she	would	bear	the	brunt.	Theo	would	be	confused	at	first—God	help
her,	he’d	be	distressed,	too—but	he	was	young	and	he’d	forget.	She	believed	Ben	when	he
said	he	loved	her,	that	he	didn’t	want	to	be	without	her,	but	he	was	a	Gypsy	and	to	travel
was	 in	 his	 blood;	 eventually	 he	 would	 have	 moved	 on,	 regardless.	 No,	 it	 was	 she	 who

would	suffer	most,	left	behind	to	endure	their	loss,	missing	them	both	as	the	moon	misses
the	sun,	always	wondering—
No.	Don’t	think	about	it.	With	all	the	force	of	will	she	could	muster,	Eleanor	pulled	her
hand	from	his	and	started	up	the	stairs.	She	ought	to	be	concentrating	instead	on	whether
she’d	done	everything	she	needed	to	in	order	to	make	the	plan	work.	Whether	the	extra
draft	of	whisky	would	ensure	Nanny	Bruen’s	continued	slumber.	Whether	Mr.	Llewellyn
was	even	now	engaged	with	Alice,	who’d	been	especially	difficult	all	evening.
At	 the	 top,	 she	 peered	 through	 the	 hidden	 spyhole	 in	 the	 secret	 door.	 Her	 eyes	 were
glazed	and	she	blinked	furiously	to	clear	them.	The	hallway	was	empty.	In	the	distance	she
could	 hear	 the	 booming	 fireworks.	 She	 glanced	 at	 her	 watch.	 Ten	 minutes	 left	 of	 the
display.	It	was	enough	time.	Just.
The	handle	was	solid	in	her	hand,	very	real.	This	was	it.	The	moment	she’d	known	was
coming,	but	had	refused	to	imagine,	concentrating	instead	on	the	logistics,	never	allowing
herself	 to	 picture	 how	 she	 would	 feel	 when	 she	 reached	 this	 threshold.	 “Tell	 me	 again
what	kind	of	people	they	are,”	she	said	softly.
His	voice	behind	her	was	warm	and	sad	and,	worst	of	all,	resigned.	“The	very	best,”	he
said.	“They’re	hardworking	and	loyal	and	fun;	their	house	is	the	kind	of	place	that	always
smells	 of	 good	 food,	 and	 no	 matter	 what	 else	 they	 might	 be	 short	 on,	 there’s	 never	 any
shortage	of	love.”
Where	is	it,	she	wanted	to	ask,	where	are	you	taking	him?	But	she’d	made	Ben	promise
never	to	tell	her.	She	couldn’t	trust	herself.	The	whole	thing	would	only	work	if	she	didn’t
know	where	to	find	him.
Ben’s	hand	was	on	her	shoulder.	“I	love	you,	Eleanor.”
She	closed	her	eyes,	her	forehead	on	the	hard,	cold	wood	of	the	door.	He	wanted	her	to
say	it	back	to	him,	she	knew,	but	to	do	so	would	be	fatal.
With	a	slight	nod	of	acknowledgment,	she	lifted	the	tricky	latch	and	crept	out	into	the
empty	 hallway.	 With	 the	 fireworks	 still	 sounding	 over	 the	 lake,	 red,	 blue,	 green	 light
spilling	 through	 the	 windows	 and	 across	 the	 carpet,	 she	 readied	 herself	 to	 enter	 the
nursery.
Theo	 woke	 suddenly.	 It	 was	 dark	 and	 Nanny	 was	 snoring	 heavily	 on	 the	 cot	 bed	 in	 the
nook.	A	dull	thump	sounded,	and	a	wash	of	green	light	spilled	through	the	sheer	curtains.
There	was	other	noise,	too,	happy	noise,	lots	of	people,	far	away,	outside.	But	something
else	had	woken	him.	He	sucked	his	thumb,	listening,	concentrating,	and	then	he	smiled.
He	knew	before	she	reached	his	cot	that	it	was	Mummy.	She	picked	him	up	and	Theo
nestled	his	head	in	beneath	her	chin.	There	was	a	spot	where	it	fitted	just	right.	She	was
cooing	 in	 his	 ear	 and	 his	 left	 hand	 wound	 its	 way	 up	 to	 stroke	 her	 face.	 He	 sighed
contentedly.	Theo	loved	his	mummy	more	than	anyone	else	in	the	world.	His	sisters	were
more	fun,	and	his	father	could	lift	him	higher,	but	there	was	something	about	the	way	his
mummy	smelled	and	the	sound	of	her	voice	and	the	way	her	fingers	stroked	his	face	so
gently.

There	was	another	noise	then,	and	Theo	lifted	his	head.	Someone	else	was	in	the	room
with	 them.	 His	 eyes	 were	 adjusting	 now	 to	 the	 dark	 and	 he	 could	 see	 a	 man	 behind	 his
mother.	The	man	came	closer	and	smiled	and	Theo	saw	it	was	Ben	from	the	garden.	Theo
liked	Ben	a	lot.	He	made	things	out	of	paper,	and	told	stories	that	ended	in	tickles.
His	mummy	was	whispering	softly	in	his	ear,	but	Theo	wasn’t	listening.	He	was	busy
playing	 peekaboo	 over	 her	 shoulder,	 trying	 to	 get	 Ben’s	 attention.	 Mummy	 was	 holding
him	more	tightly	than	usual	and	he	wriggled	to	break	free.	She	brushed	a	series	of	kisses
on	his	cheek,	but	Theo	pulled	away.	He	was	trying	to	make	Ben	smile.	He	didn’t	want	to
cuddle,	 he	 wanted	 to	 play.	 When	 Ben	 reached	 to	 stroke	 his	 cheek,	 a	 giggle	 burst	 out
around	Theo’s	thumb.
“Shhh,”	 whispered	 Mummy,	 “shhh.”	 There	 was	 something	 different	 about	 her	 voice
and	 Theo	 wasn’t	 sure	 he	 liked	 it.	 He	 stared	 at	 her	 face	 but	 she	 wasn’t	 looking	 at	 him
anymore.	 She	 was	 pointing	 to	 something	 beneath	 the	 cot.	 Theo	 watched	 as	 Ben	 knelt
down	and	then	stood	again,	a	bag	over	his	shoulder.	It	wasn’t	a	bag	Theo	recognized,	so
he	gave	it	no	more	thought.
Ben	came	closer	then	and	lifted	his	hand	to	touch	Mummy’s	cheek.	She	closed	her	eyes
and	 leaned	 her	 head	 against	 his	 palm.	 “I	 love	 you,	 too,”	 she	 said.	 Theo	 looked	 between
their	faces.	They	were	both	standing	very	still,	neither	saying	a	word,	and	he	tried	to	guess
what	would	happen	next.	When	Mummy	handed	him	to	Ben,	Theo	was	surprised	but	not
unhappy.
“It’s	time,”	she	whispered,	and	Theo	glanced	at	the	big	clock	on	the	wall.	He	wasn’t
sure	what	time	was,	but	he	knew	it	came	from	there.
They	left	the	nursery	and	Theo	wondered	where	they	were	going.	It	was	not	normal	to
leave	the	nursery	at	night.	He	sucked	his	thumb	and	watched	and	waited	to	see.	There	was
a	door	in	the	hallway,	he’d	never	noticed	it	before,	but	now	his	mother	held	it	open.	Ben
stopped	and	leaned	close	to	Mummy,	he	was	whispering	in	her	ear	but	Theo	couldn’t	hear
the	 words.	 He	 made	 a	 whispering	 sound	 himself,	 wisha,	 wisha,	 wisha,	 and	 smiled	 with
satisfaction.	And	then	Ben	carried	him	on	and	the	door	closed	softly	behind	them.
It	was	dark.	Ben	turned	on	a	torch	and	started	walking	downstairs.	Theo	looked	around
for	Mummy.	He	couldn’t	see	her.	Maybe	she	was	hiding?	Was	this	a	game?	He	watched
hopefully	over	Ben’s	shoulder,	waiting	for	her	to	jump	out	and	smile	and	say,	Peekaboo!
But	she	didn’t.	Again	and	again,	she	didn’t.
Theo’s	bottom	lip	trembled	and	he	thought	about	crying,	but	Ben	was	talking	to	him,
and	his	voice	made	Theo	feel	safe	and	warm.	There	was	a	rightness	to	it,	the	same	way
Theo’s	 head	 fitted	 perfectly	 in	 the	 space	 beneath	 his	 mother’s	 chin,	 the	 way	 his	 sister
Clemmie’s	 skin	 smelled	 just	 like	 his	 own.	 Theo	 yawned.	 He	 was	 tired.	 He	 lifted	 Puppy
and	tucked	him	on	Ben’s	shoulder	and	then	pressed	his	face	against	him.	He	slid	his	thumb
into	his	mouth	and	closed	his	eyes	and	listened.
And	 Theo	 was	 content.	 He	 knew	 Ben’s	 voice	 the	 way	 he	 knew	 his	 family,	 in	 that
special	way,	knowledge	that	was	as	old	as	the	world	itself.

33
CORNWALL,	2003

It	was	pitch-black,	except	for	the	luminous	white	beams	of	their	flashlights	sweeping	the
ground	 a	 few	 feet	 ahead.	 Peter	 wasn’t	 precisely	 sure	 why	 they	 were	 here,	 now,	 in	 the
woods	 outside	 Loeanneth,	 rather	 than	 in	 the	 village	 enjoying	 the	 Solstice	 Festival.	 He’d
rather	fancied	a	bowl	of	fish	stew	followed	by	a	cup	of	local	mead,	but	Alice	had	been	as
stubborn	as	she	was	mysterious.	“Granted,	it’s	not	ideal	to	go	while	it’s	dark,”	she’d	said,
“but	it	needs	to	be	done	and	I	have	to	do	it.”	Which	begged	the	question	as	to	why	they
hadn’t	 got	 in	 and	 done	 it	 earlier	 in	 the	 day	 like	 they’d	 planned.	 “I	 wasn’t	 about	 to
undertake	it	with	the	detective	and	her	grandfather	around.	It’s	private.”
The	answer	rang	true,	in	part,	Alice	being	one	of	the	most	private	people	Peter	knew.
He’d	have	wondered	why	she’d	asked	him	along,	except	that	the	list	of	things	she’d	had
him	acquire	for	the	excursion,	“the	supplies,”	as	she	insisted	on	calling	them,	suggested
clearly	enough	he’d	been	brought	along	for	brawn.	He’d	managed	to	get	everything	she’d
asked	for.	Not	easy	at	such	short	notice,	but	Peter	was	good	at	his	job	and	hadn’t	wanted
to	let	her	down.
The	task	was	plainly	very	important	to	Alice,	as	evidenced	by	her	late-night	call	to	his
home	 on	 Friday,	 when	 she’d	 announced	 that	 she’d	 thought	 about	 it	 and	 would	 be
accompanying	him	to	Cornwall	after	all.	She’d	sounded	unusually	excited,	garrulous	even,
and	it	had	crossed	Peter’s	mind	that	she’d	been	liberal	with	the	G	&	Ts	after	he	left.	“I’ve
no	intention	of	taking	over,”	she’d	said,	before	advising	him	she’d	be	ready	and	waiting
for	collection	at	five	the	next	morning.	“Best	to	get	a	jump-start	on	the	traffic,	wouldn’t
you	agree?”	He’d	said	he	did,	and	was	about	to	hang	up	when	she	added,	“And	Peter?”
“Yes,	Alice?”
“Do	 you	 think	 you	 could	 lay	 your	 hands	 on	 a	 shovel	 and	 a	 pair	 of	 good-quality
gardening	gloves?	There’s	something	I’d	very	much	like	to	do	while	we’re	there.”
All	 the	 way	 from	 London	 she’d	 sat	 beside	 him,	 a	 fixed	 expression	 on	 her	 face,	 a
distracted	 air	 about	 her,	 uttering	 a	 determined	 “not	 necessary”	 to	 every	 suggestion	 he
made	that	they	stop	for	air,	food,	water,	or	just	to	stretch	their	legs.	She	wasn’t	in	the	mood
for	chatting,	which	suited	Peter.	He’d	simply	turned	up	the	volume	of	his	audiobook	and
tuned	 in	 to	 the	 next	 installment	 of	 Great	Expectations.	 He’d	 been	 so	 busy	 over	 the	 past
fortnight	that	he	hadn’t	had	time	to	finish	the	novel,	but	figured	the	long	drive	would	be
the	perfect	opportunity	to	do	so.	As	they	neared	the	village,	he	suggested	they	go	straight
to	 the	 hotel	 to	 check	 in,	 but	 Alice	 answered	 sharply,	 “No.	 Unthinkable.	 We	 must	 go
straight	to	Loeanneth.”
That’s	when	she’d	told	him	about	the	key	she	wanted	him	to	fetch	for	her.	“There’s	a
drying	room	upstairs,”	she’d	said,	“and	in	the	floor	beneath	the	rack	there’s	a	loose	board.

You’ll	know	it	because	it	has	a	whorl	that	looks	uncannily	like	a	moose’s	head.	Inside	the
cavity	you’ll	find	a	small	leather	pouch.	There’s	a	key	inside	the	pouch.	It’s	mine	and	I’ve
been	missing	it	for	a	very	long	time.”
“Got	it,”	he’d	said.	“Loose	floorboard,	moose-head	whorl,	small	leather	pouch.”
Her	determination	had	still	been	in	evidence	when	they	joined	the	others	for	the	picnic
at	lunchtime.	She’d	had	him	cart	the	equipment	with	them,	eager	to	head	into	the	woods
the	 moment	 they’d	 finished,	 but	 then	 Sadie	 Sparrow’s	 grandfather	 Bertie	 had	 offered	 to
show	 her	 around	 the	 festival	 and	 she’d	 accepted	 without	 a	 moment’s	 hesitation.	 Peter
would	have	been	completely	flummoxed,	except	that	over	the	course	of	the	morning	he’d
glimpsed	something	he	thought	might	explain	her	change	of	heart.	He	couldn’t	be	certain,
but	he	had	a	feeling	Alice	had	warmed	to	Bertie.	She’d	listened	to	him	intently	when	he
spoke,	laughing	at	his	jokes,	and	nodding	keenly	at	his	stories.	It	was	decidedly	un-Alicelike	behavior;	she	wasn’t	usually	one	for	forming	quick,	close	bonds,	or	any	bonds	at	all,
really.
Whatever	the	case,	they’d	gone	back	to	the	village,	checked	in	to	the	hotel,	and	Alice
had	 enjoyed	 a	 tour	 around	 the	 festival.	 Peter,	 meanwhile,	 had	 made	 his	 apologies	 and
ducked	out	on	his	own.	There’d	been	something	playing	on	his	mind	all	afternoon,	a	small
personal	niggle,	and	he’d	wanted	to	stop	by	the	library	to	check	it	out.	But	now,	here	they
were,	in	the	dark	of	night,	following	the	same	path	they’d	taken	earlier,	around	the	lake
and	down	towards	the	boathouse.	When	they	reached	the	stream,	Alice	didn’t	stop,	urging
him	 on	 instead	 towards	 the	 woods.	 Peter	 was	 wary,	 wondering	 whether	 it	 was
reprehensible	to	bring	an	octogenarian	into	the	woods	at	night,	but	Alice	told	him	not	to
worry.	“I	know	these	woods	like	the	back	of	my	hand,”	she	said.	“A	person	never	forgets
the	landscape	of	their	childhood.”
Not	for	the	first	time,	Alice	thanked	God	Peter	wasn’t	a	talker.	She	didn’t	want	to	speak	or
explain	 or	 entertain.	 She	 wanted	 only	 to	 walk	 and	 to	 remember	 the	 last	 time	 she’d
followed	this	path	through	the	woods.	A	night	bird	soared	above	them	in	the	darkness	and
the	sounds	came	back	to	her	of	that	night,	almost	seventy	years	ago,	when	she’d	crept	out
here	to	bury	it:	the	horse	whinnying,	the	lapping	of	the	lake,	the	warblers	in	flight.
She	stumbled	and	Peter	caught	her	arm.	“Are	you	all	right?”	he	said.
He	was	a	good	boy.	He’d	asked	very	few	questions.	Done	everything	she’d	asked.	“Not
much	further,”	she	said.
They	 walked	 on	 in	 mutual	 silence,	 through	 the	 nettles,	 across	 the	 clearing	 where	 the
tunnel	trapdoor	was	hidden,	and	past	the	trout	pond.	Alice	felt	a	strange	elation	to	be	back
at	Loeanneth,	to	be	here	in	the	woods	tonight.	It	was	just	as	she’d	imagined	as	she	sat	in
her	library	back	in	London	the	night	before,	listening	to	the	clock	tick	on	the	mantelpiece,
as	 her	 flame	 of	 longing	 for	 the	 place	 became	 a	 blaze	 of	 yearning	 and	 she	 put	 her	 call
through	to	Peter.	It	wasn’t	that	she	felt	young	again,	certainly	not;	rather	that	for	the	first
time	in	seven	decades	she’d	given	herself	permission	to	remember	being	that	young	girl.
That	frightened,	love-struck,	silly	young	girl.

At	last	they	reached	the	spot	that	Alice	had	chosen	back	then,	the	place	to	which	her
guilt	had	been	anchored	all	this	time.	“We	can	stop	now,”	she	said.
A	smell	came	to	her,	of	wood	mouse	and	mushrooms,	and	the	wash	of	memory	was	so
strong	she	had	to	steady	herself	against	Peter’s	arm.
“I	 wonder	 whether	 you	 might	 do	 a	 bit	 of	 digging	 for	 me,”	 she	 said.	 “Real	 digging,	 I
mean,	with	dirt,	as	opposed	to	the	other	sort.”
Bless	 him,	 he	 didn’t	 question	 her,	 merely	 took	 the	 shovel	 from	 the	 sack	 he	 was
carrying,	donned	the	pair	of	gardener’s	gloves,	and	started	digging	where	she	pointed.
Alice	 angled	 the	 torch	 to	 illuminate	 a	 circle	 for	 him	 to	 work	 within.	 She	 held	 her
breath,	 remembering	 that	 night,	 the	 rain	 that	 had	 fallen,	 the	 muddy	 hem	 of	 her	 dress
sticking	to	her	boots.	She’d	never	worn	it	again.	She’d	balled	it	up	as	soon	as	she	got	back
to	the	house	and	burned	it	when	she	had	the	chance.
She’d	 made	 herself	 walk	 across	 the	 fields	 despite	 the	 rain.	 She	 could	 have	 used	 the
tunnel.	It	wouldn’t	have	been	easy	to	go	alone,	not	with	the	funny	latch,	yet	she’d	have
managed.	But	she	hadn’t	wanted	to	go	anywhere	that	Ben	had	gone.	She’d	been	so	sure	he
was	the	one	who	took	Theo,	so	caught	up	in	her	own	theory.	Petrified	that	someone	else
would	put	two	and	two	together	and	discover	the	part	she’d	played.
“Alice,”	said	Peter,	“can	you	swing	the	light	around	a	bit?”
“Sorry.”	She’d	let	the	torch’s	beam	drift	with	her	thoughts	and	corrected	it.
There	was	a	clunk	as	the	shovel	hit	something	solid.
He	was	down	on	all	fours	now,	extracting	the	parcel	from	inside	the	hole.	Unwrapping
and	removing	what	remained	of	the	cloth	bag	she’d	put	it	in.
“It’s	a	box,”	he	said,	looking	up	at	her,	his	eyes	wide	with	surprise.	“A	metal	box.”
“It	is.”
He	stood,	sweeping	dirt	off	the	top	with	his	gloved	hands.	“Do	you	want	me	to	open
it?”
“No.	We’ll	take	it	back	to	the	car	with	us.”
“But—”
Her	heart	had	begun	to	trip	along	when	she	saw	it,	but	she	managed	to	make	her	voice
sound	calm.	“There’s	no	need	to	open	it	now.	I	know	precisely	what	we’ll	find	inside.”
Sadie	 pushed	 her	 way	 through	 the	 busy	 crowds	 at	 the	 Solstice	 Festival.	 The	 streets	 that
met	to	form	the	village	square	were	lined	with	stalls	selling	corn	on	the	cob,	and	clothing,
and	handmade	pork	pies	and	pasties.	Flames	leapt	from	upturned	barrels,	and	out	on	the
harbor	a	floating	pontoon	was	loaded	with	fireworks,	waiting	to	be	lit	at	midnight.	Alice
and	 Peter	 were	 staying	 at	 the	 hotel	 on	 the	 corner	 of	 the	 High	 Street,	 the	 white-rendered
number	 with	 the	 hanging	 baskets	 of	 flowers	 along	 its	 wall	 and	 the	 snooty	 owner,	 but
getting	 through	 the	 crowds	 was	 taking	 longer	 than	 Sadie	 had	 imagined.	 She	 just	 hoped

they	 were	 there	 and	 not	 out	 amongst	 the	 revelers.	 She	 was	 desperate	 to	 tell	 them	 what
she’d	learned	about	Theo’s	death,	for	Alice	to	know	that	Anthony	was	in	the	clear.
Her	 phone	 was	 ringing;	 she	 could	 feel	 the	 vibration	 against	 her	 leg.	 She	 extricated	 it
from	 her	 pocket,	 just	 as	 a	 kid	 with	 an	 enormous	 stick	 of	 candy	 floss	 elbowed	 past	 her.
Sadie	looked	at	the	screen	and	saw	it	was	the	Met.	“Hello?”
“Sparrow.”
“Donald?”
“Well,	you’ve	certainly	managed	to	stir	up	a	hornets’	nest	this	time.”
Sadie	stopped	still.	Her	pulse	had	started	to	race.	“What	happened?	Have	they	talked	to
the	husband,	to	Steve?”
“He’s	here	now,	in	custody.	Confessed	to	the	whole	thing.”
“What?	Hang	on,	let	me	go	somewhere	quieter.”	It	was	more	easily	said	than	done,	but
Sadie	 managed	 to	 find	 a	 nook	 along	 the	 stone	 harbor	 wall	 where	 she	 could	 tuck	 herself
away	from	the	crowds.	“Tell	me	exactly	what	happened.”
“Ashford	brought	in	the	new	wife	first.	Got	DI	Heather	to	sit	in	and	ask	the	questions,
how	things	were	going	with	Caitlyn,	that	sort	of	thing,	all	nice	and	friendly,	and	then	they
moved	on	to	whether	she	had	any	other	children,	whether	she	wanted	more.	Turns	out	she
can’t	have	kids	of	her	own.”
Sadie	pressed	her	other	hand	against	her	ear.	“What’s	that?”
“She	and	the	husband	tried	for	a	baby	for	over	a	year	before	seeing	a	doctor	for	tests.”
It	 was	 just	 as	 they’d	 hypothesized	 over	 lunch	 at	 Loeanneth,	 the	 same	 scenario	 Alice
had	described	from	her	earlier	Diggory	Brent	book,	the	story	she’d	said	her	sister	had	told
her	years	before.	“So	he	went	and	got	one	for	her?”
“That’s	about	the	sum	of	it.	He	said	his	wife	had	been	devastated	by	the	news	of	her
infertility.	 She’d	 always	 wanted	 a	 baby,	 wanted	 a	 little	 girl	 more	 than	 anything	 in	 the
world.	The	failure	to	fall	pregnant	was	devastating,	and	all	those	fertility	drugs	messed	her
up	even	more.	She	was	suicidal,	he	said,	and	he	wanted	to	make	her	happy.”
“By	 finding	 her	 a	 daughter,”	 Sadie	 said.	 “The	 perfect	 solution,	 but	 for	 the	 pesky	 fact
that	Caitlyn	already	had	a	mother.”
“He	broke	down	under	questioning.	Told	us	what	he’d	done,	where	we’d	find	her	body.
Fishing	holiday,	my	foot!	We’ve	got	divers	out	there	now.	He	was	your	typical	first-timer,
crying,	saying	he	wasn’t	a	bad	person,	he	didn’t	want	this	to	happen,	he	didn’t	mean	for	it
to	go	so	far.”
Sadie	pressed	her	lips	together	grimly.	“He	should	have	thought	of	that	before	he	sat
Maggie	down	and	made	her	write	that	note,	before	he	killed	her.”	She	was	seething.	The
way	he’d	picked	at	that	polystyrene	cup	during	his	interview,	the	performance	he’d	given
of	 the	 loving	 father,	 the	 put-upon	 ex-spouse,	 concerned	 and	 confused	 and	 willing	 to	 do
whatever	 was	 necessary	 to	 find	 the	 irresponsible	 runaway,	 when	 all	 the	 while	 he	 knew
precisely	where	she	was.	What	he’d	done	to	her.

Maggie	must	have	known	what	was	coming.	At	some	point	in	their	final	confrontation
she	must’ve	figured	it	out.	It	was	him,	she’d	scribbled	desperately.	It	was	him.	The	use	of
past	tense	had	never	been	so	chilling.	Nor	so	brave.	The	one	small	mercy	was	that	Caitlyn,
to	all	appearances,	hadn’t	seen	what	happened	to	her	mum.	“Did	he	say	what	he	did	with
his	daughter	while	he	was	dealing	with	Maggie?”
“Put	Dora	the	Explorer	on.	The	little	girl	didn’t	budge.”
And	 knowing	 Caitlyn	 was	 still	 in	 the	 flat	 would’ve	 ensured	 Maggie	 didn’t	 make	 a
scene,	careful	to	shield	her	daughter	from	what	she’d	realized	was	about	to	happen.	For
the	second	time	that	evening,	Sadie	had	cause	to	reflect	on	the	lengths	to	which	a	parent
would	go	to	protect	the	child	they	loved.
Donald’s	voice	turned	sheepish.	“Look,	Sparrow—”
“He	left	his	daughter	alone	in	that	flat	for	a	week.”
“Says	he	thought	the	grandmother	was	due	to	visit—that	the	little	girl	would	be	found
much	sooner;	he	was	about	to	call	it	in	himself,	he	said—”
“Nancy	Bailey	will	have	to	be	told.”
“They’ve	already	sent	a	liaison	officer.”
“She	was	right	all	along.”
“Yes.”
“Her	 daughter	 didn’t	 walk	 out.	 Maggie	 never	 would’ve	 done	 that.	 Just	 like	 Nancy
said.”	She’d	been	murdered.	And	they’d	almost	let	her	ex-husband	get	away	with	it.	Sadie
felt	 relieved	 and	 vindicated,	 but	 sickened,	 too,	 and	 saddened,	 because	 it	 meant	 that
Nancy’s	daughter	wasn’t	ever	coming	home.	“What	will	happen	to	Caitlyn?”
“Child	Protection	are	looking	after	her	now.”
“And	afterwards?”
“I	don’t	know.”
“Nancy	 adores	 the	 girl,”	 said	 Sadie.	 “She	 used	 to	 care	 for	 her	 when	 Maggie	 was
working.	She’s	got	a	room	set	up	for	Caitlyn	already.	The	child	should	be	with	family.”
“I’ll	make	a	note.”
“We	need	to	do	more	than	make	a	note,	Donald.	We	owe	it	to	the	little	girl.	We	failed
her	once.	We	have	to	make	sure	it	doesn’t	happen	again.”
Sadie	wasn’t	about	to	let	Caitlyn	disappear	inside	the	system.	She	was	good	at	being	a
squeaky	wheel,	and	more	than	happy	to	be	as	squeaky	as	she	needed	to	be	to	make	sure
things	turned	out	the	way	they	should.
Just	as	she	was	making	a	silent	resolution	to	call	in	every	favor	she	was	owed,	to	stop
at	nothing	until	Caitlyn	and	Nancy	were	reunited,	she	caught	a	glimpse	through	the	crowd
of	two	people	she	recognized.
“Look,	Don,	I’ve	got	to	go.”

“All	right,	Sparrow,	I	get	it,	I	should’ve	listened	and	I’m—”
“Don’t	worry	about	it.	I’ll	talk	to	you	later.	Just	do	me	a	favor.”
“Right.”
“Make	sure	that	little	girl	and	her	grandmother	are	together.”
She	ended	the	call	and	pocketed	her	phone,	weaving	through	the	crowd	as	quickly	as
she	could	towards	the	spot	where	she’d	seen	Alice	and	Peter.	She	paused	a	second	when
she	got	there,	glancing	this	way	and	that,	until	she	saw	the	telltale	white	hair.
“Alice!”	She	waved	a	hand	above	the	crowd.	“Peter!”
They	 stopped	 and	 looked	 about,	 mystified,	 until	 Peter,	 a	 head	 taller	 than	 most	 other
people,	caught	sight	of	Sadie	and	smiled.	There	was	that	spark	again.	No	doubt	about	it.
“DC	Sparrow,”	said	Alice,	surprised,	as	Sadie	reached	them.
“I’m	so	glad	I	found	you.”	Sadie	was	breathless.	“It	was	Ben.	It	was	him	all	along.”
She	 noticed	 then	 that	 Peter	 had	 a	 shovel	 in	 a	 sack	 over	 his	 shoulder	 and	 Alice	 was
clutching	something	in	her	arms,	a	largish	box	of	some	sort.	Now,	the	old	woman	seemed
to	hold	it	tighter.	“What	on	earth	do	you	mean?”	she	said.
“Ben	took	Theo.	Your	father,	Anthony—it	wasn’t	him.	He	was	innocent.”
“She’s	delirious,”	said	Alice	to	Peter.	“Help	her,	Peter,	she’s	talking	nonsense.”
Sadie	shook	her	head.	She	was	still	reeling	elatedly	from	the	conversation	with	Donald,
she	needed	to	calm	down,	to	start	at	the	beginning,	to	make	them	see.	“Is	there	somewhere
we	can	talk?	Somewhere	quiet?”
“There’s	the	hotel,”	said	Alice,	“but	I	have	serious	doubts	as	to	how	quiet	it	will	be.”
Sadie	glanced	up	at	the	hotel.	Alice	was	right;	there’d	be	no	escaping	the	noise	there.
She	thought	of	Bertie’s	courtyard,	high	above	the	village,	with	its	view	to	the	sea.	“Come
with	me,”	she	said.	“I	know	the	perfect	place.”
Although	 Bertie	 was	 still	 down	 at	 the	 festival,	 he’d	 left	 the	 porch	 light	 on	 and	 the	 door
unlocked.	The	dogs	milled	about	the	newcomers,	sniffing	curiously,	before	accepting	they
were	friend,	not	foe,	and	following	them	into	the	kitchen.
“Would	 you	 like	 a	 cup	 of	 something?”	 Sadie	 offered,	 vaguely	 recalling	 there	 were
certain	duties	concomitant	with	playing	host.
“I	suspect	I’m	going	to	need	a	glass	of	something,”	said	Alice.	“Something	strong.”
Sadie	 found	 a	 bottle	 of	 sherry	 at	 the	 back	 of	 Bertie’s	 pantry,	 gathered	 a	 clutch	 of
glasses,	 and	 led	 the	 others	 outside	 to	 the	 courtyard.	 The	 fairy	 lights	 draped	 around	 the
stone	walls	of	the	garden	were	already	twinkling,	and	as	Alice	and	Peter	pulled	up	chairs
at	the	table,	Sadie	lit	the	candles	in	the	hurricane	lamps.	She	poured	them	each	a	drink.
“So,”	 said	 Alice,	 clearly	 not	 in	 the	 mood	 for	 social	 niceties,	 “what’s	 all	 this	 about
Benjamin	 Munro	 taking	 my	 brother?	 I	 thought	 we’d	 decided.	 My	 father,	 the	 shell

shock	.	.	.”
“Yes,”	said	Sadie,	“we	had,	and	that	certainly	played	its	part,	but	Theo	didn’t	die	that
night.	Ben	took	him	and	he	didn’t	act	alone.	He	and	your	mother	planned	it.”
“Whatever	are	you	talking	about?”	Alice’s	hand	went	to	rest	on	the	top	of	the	metal	box
she’d	 brought	 with	 her.	 It	 was	 covered	 with	 dirt,	 and	 in	 the	 space	 of	 an	 instant	 Sadie
connected	the	dirt	with	Peter’s	shovel	before	letting	the	oddity	go	and	pressing	on.
“We	were	right	about	the	threat	your	father’s	shell	shock	presented,	but	wrong	that	he’d
actually	harmed	Theo.	Ben	and	your	mother	decided	the	baby	needed	to	be	protected,	and
the	tunnel,	the	party,	the	fireworks	display,	all	of	it	gave	them	the	perfect	opportunity	to
make	him	disappear.	It’s	in	their	letters.	At	least,	it	is	if	you	know	what	to	look	for.	Your
mother	agonized,	but	she	couldn’t	think	of	any	other	way	to	keep	Theo	safe.	She	couldn’t
leave	 your	 father,	 she	 loved	 him,	 and	 she’d	 made	 her	 promise	 not	 to	 go	 public	 with	 his
suffering.	As	she	saw	it,	there	was	no	other	choice.”
“And	Ben	was	Theo’s	biological	father,”	said	Peter,	who’d	been	nodding	along.	“The
best	possible	person	to	whom	she	could	entrust	him.”
“The	only	person,”	Sadie	agreed.
“That’s	 why	 she	 wouldn’t	 offer	 a	 reward,”	 Alice	 said	 suddenly,	 connecting	 the	 dots
with	the	speed	and	accuracy	one	might	expect	from	a	woman	who’d	been	plotting	mystery
novels	for	half	a	century.	“It	always	troubled	me.	I	couldn’t	understand	why	she	was	so
adamant	about	it.	At	the	time,	she	said	the	prospect	of	money	brought	desperate	people,
opportunists,	out	of	the	woodwork	and	muddied	the	water.	Now	it	makes	sense:	she	just
didn’t	want	people	looking	for	Ben	and	Theo.	She	didn’t	want	them	found.”
“It	 also	 explains	 why	 she	 insisted	 there	 be	 no	 mention	 made	 in	 the	 press	 of	 Nanny
Bruen’s	 negligence,”	 said	 Sadie.	 “And	 why	 she	 made	 sure	 Rose	 Waters	 and	 the	 local
police	were	remunerated	handsomely.”
“Did	she?”	said	Alice.	“I	didn’t	know	that.”
“Rose	was	devastated	by	her	dismissal,	and	little	wonder—she	was	let	go	because	she
was	so	vigilant.	There	was	no	way	the	plan	would’ve	worked	if	Rose	had	been	watching
over	Theo.	When	she	was	fired,	your	mother	gave	her	a	glowing	reference,	and	a	bonus
that	allowed	her	to	study.	It	set	her	up	for	the	rest	of	her	life.”
“She	was	making	restitution,”	said	Peter.
Sadie	nodded.	“The	‘kidnapping’	was	a	fiction	of	her	own	creation,	so	she	made	sure
anyone	 who	 suffered	 as	 a	 consequence	 was	 compensated	 for	 loss	 of	 income	 and
unnecessary	trouble.”
“That	 sounds	 like	 Mother,”	 said	 Alice.	 “Her	 sense	 of	 justice,	 of	 ‘rightness,’	 was	 her
guiding	concern.”
“So	 what	 happened	 next?”	 said	 Peter.	 “Ben	 took	 Theo	 through	 the	 tunnel	 and	 away
from	Loeanneth.	Do	you	think	he	raised	him?”
Alice	 frowned,	 rocking	 her	 sherry	 glass	 back	 and	 forth	 between	 her	 fingers.	 “Ben
fought	during	the	Second	World	War.	He	was	killed	in	the	Normandy	landings,	poor	man

—so	cruel,	to	die	like	that,	right	at	the	very	end.	He’d	been	fighting	for	a	long	time,	too.
My	sister	Clementine	saw	him	in	France	in	1940.”
“Theo	was	still	a	boy	during	World	War	Two,”	said	Sadie,	performing	a	quick	mental
calculation.	 “Only	 seven	 when	 it	 started.	 If	 Ben	 enlisted	 at	 the	 beginning,	 he	 can’t	 have
been	raising	Theo	as	his	son.	Unless	he	married	someone	else?”
“Or	Theo	ended	up	somewhere	else,”	said	Peter.
“Which	leaves	us	no	better	off	than	when	we	started,”	concluded	Alice.
A	 despondency	 settled	 over	 the	 group,	 given	 vocal	 expression	 by	 Ash,	 who	 let	 out	 a
long	 doggy	 sigh	 in	 his	 sleep.	 Sadie	 topped	 up	 their	 sherry	 glasses	 and	 they	 drank	 in
silence.	The	distant	burr	of	festival	cheer,	building	towards	midnight,	drifted	up	from	the
village.
“What	 about	 the	 letters?”	 said	 Alice	 at	 last.	 “Was	 there	 anything	 in	 them	 that	 might
indicate	where	Ben	and	Theo	went	after	leaving	Loeanneth?”
“Not	 that	 I	 could	 see.	 In	 fact,	 your	 mother	 was	 very	 keen	 that	 Ben	 shouldn’t	tell	her
where	they	were	going.”
“Perhaps	he	gave	her	a	hint	anyway?”
“I	don’t	think	so.”
“Something	subtle.	Something	personal	that	you	might	have	missed.”
Sadie’s	certainty	was	no	match	for	Alice’s	obstinacy.	“It’s	worth	a	look,”	she	said.	“Let
me	get	the	file	from	inside.	I	brought	a	few	of	the	letters	home	with	me.”
Bertie	was	just	coming	in	the	front	door	when	she	reached	the	kitchen.	“Hello,	Sadie,
love,”	he	said,	with	a	tired	but	happy	smile.	“I	managed	to	escape	before	the	party	really
got	going.	Fancy	some	supper?”
Sadie	 explained	 that	 Alice	 and	 Peter	 were	 in	 the	 courtyard,	 talking	 over	 the	 Edevane
case.	“We’ve	had	a	breakthrough,	but	it’s	left	us	with	a	whole	new	list	of	questions.”
“Supper	for	four,	then.	Coming	right	up.”
“Aren’t	you	tired	of	serving	pear	cake?”
“Never!	What	sacrilege.”
As	 she	 took	 the	 file	 from	 her	 backpack,	 Bertie	 hummed	 softly	 by	 the	 kettle.	 “What
about	the	other	matter?”	he	said,	dropping	teabags	into	cups.	“Did	you	hear	back	from	the
Met?”
Sadie	filled	him	in	quickly	about	Donald’s	call.
“So,”	 he	 said	 with	 grim	 satisfaction.	 “You	 were	 right.	 I	 told	 you	 your	 instincts	 were
good.”	He	shook	his	head	and	his	lips	tightened	in	sympathy.	“That	poor	woman,	that	poor
child.	I	trust	you	got	your	job	back?”
“I’m	not	so	sure	about	that.	Ashford	knows	I	was	the	leak.	He’s	not	going	to	want	to
condone	my	actions,	regardless	of	how	things	turned	out.	I’ll	have	to	wait	and	see.	In	the
meantime	.	.	.”	She	held	up	the	file	and	motioned	over	her	shoulder	towards	the	courtyard.

“Of	course.	I’ll	see	you	out	there	in	a	few	minutes.”
Sadie	 rejoined	 the	 others	 just	 as	 Alice	 was	 saying	 to	 Peter,	 “You	 know,	 I	 always
thought	I	saw	Ben	in	the	woods	that	night.”
“Why	 didn’t	 you	 say	 something	 to	 the	 police?”	 Sadie	 asked,	 sitting	 back	 down	 and
sliding	the	file	into	the	center	of	the	table.
Alice	 glanced	 to	 where	 a	 gusty	 breeze	 had	 set	 the	 string	 of	 fairy	 lights	 to	 rattling
against	 the	 stones.	 “I	 shouldn’t	 have	 been	 there,”	 she	 said,	 shadows	 playing	 on	 her
cheekbone.	“I	was	supposed	to	be	meeting	Mr.	Llewellyn	at	the	party.	I’ve	always	blamed
myself	for	what	happened	to	him;	wondered	whether	it	all	might	have	ended	differently
had	I	stayed	at	the	arbor	a	little	longer.	He’d	come	to	me	earlier	in	the	day,	you	see,	very
keen	 that	 we	 should	 meet.	 Insistent	 that	 there	 was	 something	 he	 needed	 to	 discuss	 with
me.	I	waited,	but	he	never	came.”
“That’s	 another	 ‘coincidence’	 I	 don’t	 like,”	 said	 Sadie,	 frowning.	 “There’s	 something
not	right	about	Mr.	Llewellyn’s	death.	He	was	devoted	to	your	mother,	he	knew	what	she
was	 planning,	 how	 much	 was	 at	 stake	 for	 her—it	 doesn’t	 sit	 right	 with	 me	 that	 he’d
choose	to	end	his	own	life	then	and	there.”
“I	quite	agree,”	said	Alice.	“It	makes	no	sense.	But	depression,	like	so	many	nervous
conditions,	is	not	a	rational	illness.”
“If	only	we	knew	more	about	his	particular	depression.”	Sadie	stood,	pacing	back	and
forth	along	the	bricks.	“That	initial	breakdown,	when	he	quit	medicine	and	started	writing
books.	In	my	experience,	when	someone	makes	a	life-changing	decision	like	that,	there’s
something	else	behind	it.	If	we	knew	what	it	was,	maybe	it	would	shed	some	light?”
Peter	held	up	his	hand.	“Actually,	I	think	I	might	have	the	answer	to	that.”
Sadie	spun	around	to	face	him;	Alice	peered	over	her	glasses.	“Peter?”
“At	Loeanneth	today,	when	you	were	talking	about	Llewellyn’s	breakdown,	wondering
what	 had	 caused	 it,	 I	 vaguely	 remembered	 reading	 something	 about	 it	 in	 one	 of	 my
undergraduate	classes	at	university.	I	popped	into	the	village	library	this	afternoon	and	met
a	very	helpful	man—”
“Alastair,”	Sadie	offered.
“—precisely,	who	happened	to	have	the	perfect	book	just	sitting	there	on	his	desk.	It
had	 come	 in	 on	 interlibrary	 loan	 and	 was	 packaged,	 ready	 to	 return,	 when	 I	 spied	 it.	 It
really	was	the	most	remarkable	coinciden—”
“Don’t	say	it.”
“—piece	of	luck.	It	had	a	chapter	devoted	to	Llewellyn	and	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway,
a	very	interesting	allegorical	analysis	relying	on	Kantian	principles	of	symbolic—”
“Peter,”	said	Alice	sternly.
“Yes,	yes,	sorry.	The	author	argued	that	Llewellyn’s	story	could	be	read	as	an	allegory
for	the	experiences	of	his	own	life,	in	particular	the	breakdown	he’d	suffered	as	a	young
doctor,	when	he	was	forced	to	attend	an	emergency	situation	at	a	friend’s	country	house
and	he	lost	a	patient.”

“A	baby,”	Sadie	gasped.	“The	patient	was	a	newborn	baby.”
“How	do	you	know?”	Alice	said.	“Which	baby?	Whose	baby?”
Peter	 met	 Sadie’s	 gaze,	 processing	 for	 a	 moment,	 and	 then	 he	 grinned.	 “You	 think	 it
was	Constance’s	baby.”
“Yes.”	Sadie	hurried	to	the	table.	“Yes,	yes,	yes.”	She	thumbed	quickly	through	the	file,
the	candles	in	the	hurricane	lamps	flickering	beside	her.
“That	explains	it,”	said	Peter,	more	to	himself	than	to	the	others.	“The	tension	between
them,	the	animosity	she	felt	towards	him.	She	really	was	a	Miss	Havisham.”
Confusion	 made	 Alice	 cross.	 “Peter,”	 she	 said	 impatiently,	 “what	 the	 dickens	 does
Dickens	have	to	do	with	anything?”
He	turned	to	her,	his	eyes	bright.	“When	I	was	working	on	your	website,	you	said	not
to	bother	you,	just	to	do	it,	and	I	had	to	find	an	answer	to	a	question	so	I	looked	in	one	of
your	journals,	up	in	your	office.”
“Yes,	and?”
“And	you	made	a	comment	about	your	grandmother:	you	described	her	as	‘a	skeleton
in	the	ashes	of	a	rich	dress,’	a	quote	from	Great	Expectations.”
“That	sounds	entirely	likely.	She	was	a	dragon	of	a	woman,	and	quite	fond	of	dressing
in	the	grand	old	frocks	from	her	glory	days—though	not	a	wedding	dress,	I’m	pleased	to
say.	What	in	heaven’s	name	does	that	have	to	do	with	a	baby?”
“Here	it	is.”	Sadie	pulled	out	the	page	where	she’d	written	her	notes	from	the	second
interview	that	police	had	conducted	with	Constance	at	the	care	home.	“The	nurse	said	that
Constance	kept	talking	about	Eleanor	and	a	baby	boy	who’d	died.	I	thought	Eleanor	must
have	had	a	stillborn	son	before	Theo,	but	it	wasn’t	Eleanor	at	all.”
Alice	drew	quick	breath.	“It	was	Grandmother’s.”
Sadie	 nodded.	 “And	 Daffyd	 Llewellyn	 was	 the	 doctor.	 It	 explains	 everything.	 His
relationship	 with	 Constance;	 the	 cause	 of	 his	 depression;	 why	 he	 gave	 up	 medicine	 and
sought	solace	in	creating	fairy	tales	for	children—”
“It	also	explains	the	storyline	of	Eleanor’s	Magic	Doorway,”	said	Peter,	“the	old	man
crippled	with	regret	and	locked	outside	the	kingdom,	the	cruel	queen	whose	grief	for	her
lost	child	casts	an	eternal	winter,	the	girl	Eleanor	whose	innocence	is	the	only	thing	strong
enough	to	heal	the	rupture.	.	.	.”	He	tapped	his	chin	thoughtfully.	“The	only	thing	it	doesn’t
explain	is	why	he	became	suicidal	at	the	Midsummer	party	of	1933.”
“He	didn’t,”	Alice	said	quietly,	meeting	Sadie’s	gaze.	“He	didn’t	kill	himself,	did	he?”
“No.”	Sadie	smiled,	experiencing	the	delightful	sense	of	pieces	coming	together.	“No,	I
don’t	think	he	did.”
It	 was	 Peter’s	 turn	 to	 scratch	 his	 head.	 “But	 we	 know	 he	 died	 from	 an	 overdose	 of
barbiturates.	There	was	evidence,	a	medical	examination.”
“There	was	also	a	bottle	of	strong	sleeping	pills	stolen	from	the	house	that	night,”	said
Alice.	“For	a	long	time	I	believed	they’d	been	used	to	keep	Theo	quiet.”

“But	 they	 weren’t,”	 said	 Sadie.	 “It	 wouldn’t	 have	 been	 difficult,	 just	 a	 few	 pills
dissolved	in	a	drink,	and	voilà.	Because	the	loss	of	her	baby	had	been	eating	her	up	for
decades	and	she	wanted—”
“—revenge,”	 Peter	 finished	 her	 sentence.	 “Yes,	 I	 see	 what	 you’re	 saying,	 but	 forty
years	had	passed;	why	would	she	wait	so	long?”
Sadie	pondered	this.	Ramsay	had	honored	her	by	coming	to	sit	upon	her	feet	and	she
reached	down	to	scratch	beneath	his	chin.	“You	know,”	she	said	thoughtfully,	“I	just	read	a
book	 that	 posed	 that	 question.	 A	 woman	 killed	 her	 ex-husband	 out	 of	 the	 blue	 after
tolerating	years	of	shoddy	treatment.	In	the	end	it	was	the	smallest	thing.	He	decided	to	go
on	 holiday	 to	 the	 very	 place	 she’d	 always	 dreamed	 of	 visiting	 and	 his	 announcement
served	as	the	perfect	trigger.”
“A	 Dish	 Served	 Cold,”	 said	 Alice	 approvingly.	 “One	 of	 my	 quieter	 mysteries,	 but	 a
personal	 favorite	 nonetheless.	 What	 was	 Grandmother’s	 trigger,	 though?	 As	 far	 as	 I	 can
remember,	Mr.	Llewellyn	had	made	no	exotic	holiday	arrangements.”
“But	 he	 had	 made	 a	 recent	 announcement,”	 said	 Peter	 suddenly.	 “You	 mentioned	 it
today.	 He	 was	 awarded	 an	 OBE,	 services	 to	 literature;	 you	 even	 said	 your	 grandmother
took	the	news	badly.”
“The	royal	honor,”	said	Sadie.
“The	royal	honor,”	Alice	repeated.	“Constance	spent	her	life	angling	for	an	invitation	to
mingle	with	royalty.	She’d	been	invited	to	the	palace	as	a	girl	but	was	unable	to	attend.
The	 number	 of	 times	 we	 heard	 about	 it	 as	 children!	 She	 never	 got	 over	 the
disappointment.”	 Alice	 gave	 a	 smile	 of	 bleak	 satisfaction.	 “It’s	 the	 perfect	 trigger.	 I
couldn’t	have	plotted	it	better	myself.”
They	all	sat	quietly,	listening	to	the	crash	of	the	ocean,	the	faraway	festival	noises,	and
enjoying	the	warm	glow	of	solution.	People	could	keep	their	drugs	and	alcohol,	thought
Sadie,	there	was	nothing	as	thrilling	as	unraveling	a	puzzle,	particularly	one	like	this,	so
unexpected.
The	 reflective	 moment	 was	 brief.	 Alice—a	 woman	 after	 Sadie’s	 own	 heart—
straightened	in	her	chair	and	pulled	the	file	towards	her.	“Right,”	she	said,	“as	I	remember
it,	we	were	looking	for	a	hint	as	to	where	Ben	took	Theo.”
Peter	 raised	 his	 brow	 at	 Sadie	 in	 fond	 amusement,	 but	 they	 did	 as	 they	 were	 told,
gathering	around	the	table	to	rake	through	the	file.
After	a	time,	and	having	found	nothing	of	use,	Alice	said,	“I	wonder	if	there’s	a	clue	in
Mother’s	behavior,	the	way	she	returned	each	year	to	Loeanneth	.	.	.”	She	frowned.	“But
no,	there’s	no	reason	to	think	Ben	would	have	continued	living	in	Cornwall,	nor	that	he’d
have	brought	Theo	back	to	Loeanneth	if	he	had.”	She	sighed,	deflated.	“Far	more	likely	it
was	 simply	 a	 vigil	 of	 sorts,	 a	 way	 of	 feeling	 close	 to	 Theo.	 Poor	 Mother,	 one	 can	 only
imagine	what	it	would	be	like	to	know	there	was	a	child	out	there	somewhere,	one’s	own
flesh	and	blood.	The	curiosity,	the	yearning,	the	need	to	know	that	he	was	loved	and	happy
must	have	been	harrowing.”

Bertie,	who’d	arrived	in	the	courtyard	carrying	a	tray	loaded	with	pear	cake	and	four
cups	of	tea,	shot	Sadie	a	meaningful	glance.
Sadie	 assiduously	 avoided	 it,	 pushing	 aside	 images	 of	 Charlotte	 Sutherland	 in	 her
school	blazer,	of	that	tiny	star-shaped	hand	appearing	over	the	top	of	the	hospital	blanket.
“I	suppose,	having	made	the	decision	to	give	up	the	child,	the	only	thing	for	it	was	to	stay
the	 course.	 It’s	 the	 fair	 thing	 to	 do.	 Let	 the	 child	 get	 on	 with	 her	 life	 without	 the
complication.”
“His	life,”	Peter	corrected.
“His	life,”	echoed	Sadie.
“How	 pragmatic	 you	 are,	 DC	 Sparrow.”	 Alice	 lifted	 a	 single	 eyebrow.	 “Perhaps	 it’s
only	 the	 writer	 in	 me	 that	 presumes	 all	 parents	 who	 give	 up	 children	 must	 hold	 on	 to	 a
small	kernel	of	hope	that	one	day,	somehow,	their	paths	will	cross	again.”
Sadie	was	still	dodging	Bertie’s	gaze.	“There	might	be	cases	where	the	parent	feels	the
child	will	be	disappointed	in	who	they	are.	Angry	and	hurt	that	they	were	given	up	in	the
first	place.”
“I	expect	so,”	said	Alice,	taking	up	the	newspaper	article	from	Sadie’s	file,	gazing	at
the	 portrait	 of	 Eleanor	 taken	 beneath	 the	 tree	 at	 Loeanneth,	 with	 three	 little	 girls	 in
summer	 dresses	 gathered	 round	 her.	 “But	 my	 mother	 always	 had	 the	 courage	 of	 her
convictions.	 I’ve	 no	 doubt	 that	 having	 given	 him	 up	 for	 what	 she	 thought	 were	 the	 best
possible	reasons,	she’d	have	been	brave	enough	to	weather	the	possibility	that	he	resented
her	decision.”
“Oh	my!”
They	all	looked	up	at	Bertie,	hovering	behind	the	table	with	a	plate	of	pear	cake	in	one
hand	and	a	teacup	in	the	other.
“Granddad?”
Peter	was	fastest,	leaping	up	to	take	the	cake	and	tea	before	they	fell.	He	ushered	Bertie
into	a	seat.
“Granddad,	are	you	all	right?”
“Yes,	 I,	 it’s	 just	 such	 a—	 well,	 no,	 it’s	 not	 a	 coincidence	 at	 all,	 people	 often	 use	 that
word	incorrectly,	don’t	they?	They	mean	something	is	a	remarkable	concurrence	of	events
but	they	forget,	as	I	did,	that	there’s	a	causal	link.	Not	a	coincidence	at	all,	just	a	surprise,
a	huge	surprise.”
He’d	become	flustered,	he	was	babbling,	and	Sadie	experienced	a	sudden	rush	of	worry
that	 the	 day	 had	 been	 too	 much	 for	 him,	 that	 he	 was	 on	 the	 verge	 of	 suffering	 a	 stroke.
Love	and	fear	combined	to	express	as	doggedness.	“Granddad?”	she	said	sternly.	“What
are	you	talking	about?”
“This	woman,”	he	said,	tapping	at	the	picture	of	Eleanor	in	Alice’s	newspaper	article.
“I’ve	met	her	before,	when	I	was	a	boy	working	in	my	mum	and	dad’s	shop,	during	the
war.”
“You	met	my	mother?”	said	Alice,	just	as	Sadie	said,	“You	met	Eleanor	Edevane?”

“Yes	on	both	counts.	A	number	of	times.	Though	I	didn’t	know	her	name.	She	used	to
come	into	the	shop	in	Hackney	when	she	was	doing	her	volunteering.”
“Yes.”	Alice	was	delighted.	“She	worked	in	the	East	End	during	the	war.	She	helped
children	who	were	bombed	out	of	their	homes.”
“I	know.”	Bertie	was	smiling	widely	now,	too.	“She	was	very	kind.	One	of	our	most
reliable	customers.	She	used	to	come	in	and	buy	a	few	odds	and	ends,	things	she	certainly
didn’t	need,	and	I’d	make	her	a	cup	of	tea.”
“Well,	that	is	a	coincidence,”	said	Peter.
“No,”	said	Bertie,	“that’s	what	I’m	trying	to	say.”	He	laughed.	“It’s	certainly	a	surprise
to	see	her	picture	after	all	this	time	and	realize	she’s	connected	to	the	business	at	the	Lake
House	 that’s	 had	 my	 granddaughter	 so	 caught	 up,	 but	 it’s	 not	 as	 random	 as	 you	 might
think.”
“Granddad?”
“She’s	the	reason	I	moved	here,	to	Cornwall,	she’s	the	one	who	put	the	idea	in	my	head
in	the	first	place.	We	used	to	have	a	picture	hanging	by	the	cash	register,	it	was	a	postcard
from	my	uncle,	a	photograph	of	a	small	wooden	door	set	into	a	brick	garden	wall,	covered
in	ivy	and	ferns,	and	she	saw	it	once	and	told	me	about	the	gardens	in	Cornwall.	I	asked
her,	 I	 think—I	 had	 a	 book	 set	 in	 Cornwall	 and	 the	 place	 had	 always	 seemed	 magical	 to
me.	She	talked	about	the	Gulf	Stream	and	the	exotic	species	that	could	be	grown	here.	I
never	forgot	it.	She	even	mentioned	Loeanneth,	now	I	think	about	it,	though	not	by	name.
She	told	me	she	was	born	and	grew	up	on	an	estate	that	was	famed	for	its	great	lake	and
gardens.”
“Incredible,”	Peter	said.	“And	to	think	all	these	years	later	your	granddaughter	would
discover	her	abandoned	house	and	become	obsessed	with	the	case.”
“Not	obsessed,	exactly,”	Sadie	corrected.	“Interested.”
Bertie	ignored	the	interruption,	caught	up	in	his	memory	of	the	long-ago	conversations
he’d	 shared	 with	 Eleanor	 Edevane	 about	 Loeanneth.	 “She	 made	 it	 sound	 like	 a	 magical
place,	 the	 salt	 and	 sea,	 smugglers’	 tunnels	 and	 fairy	 folk.	 She	 said	 there	 was	 even	 a
miniature	garden,	a	perfect,	tranquil	spot	with	a	goldfish	pond	at	its	center.”
“There	was,”	said	Alice.	“Ben	Munro	built	it.”
“Ben	Munro?”
“One	of	the	gardeners	at	Loeanneth.”
“Well	now	.	.	.”	Bertie	tilted	his	head.	“That	is	peculiar.	That	was	my	uncle’s	name,	my
favorite	uncle,	who	died	in	the	Second	World	War.”
Alice	frowned,	as	Peter	said,	“Your	uncle	used	to	work	at	Loeanneth?”
“I’m	not	sure.	It’s	possible,	I	suppose.	He	did	all	kinds	of	work.	He	wasn’t	the	sort	to
stay	put	for	long.	He	knew	a	lot	about	plants.”
Everyone	 looked	 at	 one	 another	 and	 Alice’s	 frown	 deepened.	 “It	 must	 be	 a	 different
Benjamin	Munro.	The	Ben	we	knew	at	Loeanneth	couldn’t	have	been	anyone’s	uncle;	he

was	an	only	child.”
“So	 was	 Uncle	 Ben.	 He	 wasn’t	 my	 biological	 uncle.	 He	 was	 a	 good	 friend	 of	 my
mother’s.	 They	 grew	 up	 together	 and	 remained	 as	 thick	 as	 thieves.	 They	 both	 had
archaeologist	parents	who	traveled	with	their	work.	Ben	and	Mum	met	when	their	families
were	stationed	in	Japan.”
Everyone	fell	silent	and	the	air	around	them	seemed	charged	with	static.	The	quiet	was
broken	by	an	enormous	crack	and	then	the	fizz	of	the	first	Midsummer	firework	being	shot
into	the	sky	above	the	harbor.
“Where	were	you	born,	Bertie?”	Alice’s	voice	was	light.
“Granddad	was	adopted	as	a	baby,”	said	Sadie,	remembering.	He’d	told	her	all	about
his	mother	and	the	troubles	she’d	had	getting	pregnant,	how	glad	she	was	when	he	finally
came	along,	how	much	he’d	loved	and	been	loved	by	her.	It	had	been	back	when	Sadie
came	to	live	with	them,	and	had	helped	her	to	feel	easier	about	her	own	decision	to	give
up	 her	 baby.	 Only	 afterwards,	 the	 fact	 had	 faded	 from	 her	 memory.	 It	 had	 been	 such	 a
confusing	 time,	 there’d	 been	 so	 many	 thoughts	 and	 feelings	 jostling	 for	 attention,	 and
Bertie	had	spoken	about	his	parents	often	over	the	years,	with	such	love	and	warmth,	that
she’d	simply	forgotten	that	they	weren’t	his	biological	family.
Bertie	 was	 still	 talking	 about	 his	 mother,	 Flo,	 and	 his	 uncle	 Ben,	 unaware	 that	 Alice
had	stood	very	quietly	and	was	making	her	way	around	the	table	to	where	he	sat.	She	took
his	 face	 between	 her	 shaking	 hands.	 Wordlessly,	 her	 eyes	 moved	 over	 his	 features,
studying	each	one.	A	cry	caught	in	her	throat	and	Peter	reached	to	steady	her.
“Granddad,”	Sadie	said	again,	a	note	of	awe	in	her	voice.
“Bertie,”	said	Peter.
“Theo,”	said	Alice.
They	were	still	sitting	in	the	courtyard	of	Seaview	Cottage	when	the	stars	began	to	fade
and	the	promise	of	daylight	cast	a	ribbon	along	the	horizon.	“He	used	to	write	to	me,”	said
Bertie,	opening	the	wooden	box	he’d	brought	down	from	the	attic.	He	took	out	a	pile	of
letters.	 The	 earliest	 were	 dated	 1934.	 “Long	 before	 I	 could	 read,	 but	 my	 mum	 and	 dad
used	to	read	them	to	me.	Sometimes	they	came	with	little	gifts,	or	origami	animals	he’d
folded	to	amuse	me.	Whenever	he	traveled	for	work,	and	when	he	went	away	to	war,	he’d
write.	I	told	you,	he	was	my	favorite	uncle.	I	always	felt	close	to	him.	A	kinship,	I	guess
you	could	say.”
“I	 know	 just	 what	 you	 mean,”	 said	 Alice	 again.	 It	 had	 become	 a	 mantra.	 “I	 felt	 the
same	connection	when	we	met	this	morning.	A	familiarity.	As	if	I	recognized	you	in	some
way.”
Bertie	smiled	at	her	and	nodded,	his	eyes	glazing	afresh.
“What	 else	 is	 in	 the	 box,	 Granddad?”	 Sadie	 asked	 gently,	 sensing	 he	 could	 use	 the
distraction.

“Oh,	 bits	 and	 bobs,”	 he	 said.	 “Childhood	 mementoes.”	 He	 took	 out	 a	 bedraggled	 toy
puppy	dog,	an	old	book,	and	a	small	romper	suit.	Sadie	noticed	it	was	missing	a	button
and	gasped.	She	reached	into	the	pocket	of	her	jeans	and	pulled	out	the	round	cupid	she’d
found	at	Loeanneth.	A	perfect	match.
“Did	your	mother	and	father	ever	tell	you	about	your	biological	parents?”	Peter	asked.
Bertie	smiled.	“They	used	to	tell	me	a	story,	about	a	tiger	and	a	pearl.	As	a	little	fellow,
I	 was	 more	 than	 happy	 to	 believe	 I’d	 been	 brought	 back	 from	 Africa	 in	 the	 form	 of	 an
enchanted	jewel;	that	I’d	been	born	in	the	woods,	weaned	by	fairies,	and	then	left	on	my
parents’	doorstep.”	He	took	a	necklace	from	the	box,	a	tiger’s-tooth	pendant	suspended	on
it,	and	ran	his	thumb	over	the	dull	ivory	surface.	“Uncle	Ben	gave	this	to	me,	and	as	far	as
I	was	concerned,	it	was	proof	that	the	story	was	true.	As	I	got	older,	I	stopped	asking.	I
would	have	liked	to	know	who	they	were,	of	course,	but	my	parents	loved	me—I	couldn’t
have	asked	to	grow	up	in	a	happier	family—and	so	I	made	peace	with	the	not	knowing.”
He	glanced	again	at	Alice,	his	eyes	shining	with	a	lifetime	of	emotion.	“What	about	you?”
he	said,	nodding	at	the	metal	box	that	stood	on	the	table	in	front	of	her,	still	covered	in
dirt.	“I	showed	you	mine.”
She	took	the	key	from	her	purse	and	unlocked	the	filigree	box,	lifting	the	lid	to	reveal
two	identical	piles	of	paper.	Bye	Baby	Bunting,	read	the	title	on	top,	by	Alice	Edevane.
“They’re	manuscripts,”	he	said.
“Yes,”	Alice	agreed.	“The	only	existing	copies	of	the	first	novel	I	ever	finished.”
“What	are	they	doing	in	the	box?”
“A	writer	never	destroys	her	work,”	said	Alice.
“But	what	were	they	doing	in	the	ground?”
“Now	that’s	a	long	story.”
“Maybe	you’ll	tell	me	sometime?”
“Maybe	I	will.”
Bertie	 crossed	 his	 arms	 in	 mock	 castigation,	 and	 for	 a	 split	 second	 Sadie	 glimpsed
Alice	in	the	gesture.	“At	least	tell	us	what	it’s	about,”	he	said.	“Is	it	a	mystery?”
Alice	laughed.	The	first	open,	unguarded	laugh	Sadie	had	heard	from	her.	A	musical,
youthful	sound.	“Oh,	Bertie,”	she	said.	“Theo.	You	wouldn’t	believe	me	if	I	told	you.”

34
LONDON,	1941

She’d	come	as	soon	as	she	heard	where	the	bombs	had	landed	in	the	night.	It	had	been
two	 years	 since	 she’d	 received	 the	 letter,	 containing	 very	 little	 other	 than	 the	 news	 that
he’d	enlisted	and	an	address	in	Hackney.	Till	this	point	Eleanor	had	managed	to	stay	away.
Her	war	work	took	her	close	enough	that	when	she	saw	children	in	the	streets,	watched
them	playing	knuckles	or	running	errands	in	their	gray	shorts	and	scuffed	shoes,	she	could
convince	herself	that	one	of	them	was	him;	but	when	she	read	about	the	bombings	in	the
newspapers,	when	she	reported	for	work	that	morning	and	was	given	the	list	of	ravaged
streets	to	visit,	she’d	turned	on	her	heel	and	run.
Debris	 of	 stones	 and	 bricks	 and	 broken	 furniture	 littered	 the	 pockmarked	 road,	 but
Eleanor	picked	her	way	through	quickly.	A	fireman	nodded	a	greeting	and	she	returned	it
politely.	 Her	 fingers	 were	 crossed—silly	 and	 childish,	 but	 helpful	 somehow—and	 her
throat	constricted	a	little	more	with	each	shell	of	a	house	she	passed.
They	 hadn’t	 counted	 on	 another	 war.	 When	 she	 made	 Ben	 promise	 never	 to	 get	 in
touch,	insisted	that	she	mustn’t	know	where	Theo	had	been	taken,	she	hadn’t	imagined	a
future	like	this	one.	She’d	told	herself	it	would	be	enough,	it	would	have	to	be	enough,	to
know	he	was	with	people	Ben	loved;	that	her	child—her	beautiful	baby—would	grow	up
happy	and	safe.	But	she	hadn’t	counted	on	another	war.	It	changed	things.
Eleanor	wasn’t	going	to	tell	Anthony	she’d	come	today.	There	was	no	point.	She	was
only	going	to	check	the	house	hadn’t	been	hit;	she	wasn’t	going	to	go	inside.	She	certainly
had	no	plans	to	see	Theo.	All	the	same,	she	felt	the	chill	of	the	illicit.	Eleanor	didn’t	like
keeping	 secrets,	 not	 anymore—their	 secrets,	 hers	 and	 Anthony’s,	 had	 almost	 been	 their
undoing.
She’d	thought	learning	of	the	affair	would	destroy	him,	but	it	hadn’t.	He’d	come	to	her
calmly	in	the	days	afterwards	and	urged	her	to	leave	him.	He’d	realized	by	then	that	Theo
wasn’t	 his	 son	 and	 he	 said	 he	 wanted	 her	 to	 have	 another	 chance	 at	 happiness.	 He	 was
tired	of	being	a	burden,	inflicting	damage	on	the	people	he	loved	most	in	the	world.
But	how	could	she	have	done	that?	Gone	away	with	Ben	and	Theo,	started	again.	She
would	never	have	left	her	girls	and	she	couldn’t	take	them	away	from	Anthony.	Besides,
she	loved	her	husband.	She	always	had.	She	loved	both	of	them,	Anthony	and	Ben,	and
she	cherished	Theo;	but	life	wasn’t	a	fairy	tale	and	there	were	instances	when	one	couldn’t
have	everything	one	wanted,	not	at	the	same	time.
As	for	Anthony,	learning	of	her	affair	with	Ben	seemed	to	lighten	his	load	in	some	way.
He	 said	 it	 made	 his	 life	 less	 perfect;	 that	 he	 had	 paid	 a	 price,	 gone	 some	 of	 the	 way
towards	restitution.

“Restitution	for	what?”	she’d	said,	wondering	if	he	was	finally	going	to	be	honest	with
her.
“For	everything.	For	surviving.	For	coming	home	to	all	of	this.”
She’d	 known	 of	 course	 that	 there	 was	 more	 to	 it,	 that	 he	 was	 talking,	 however
cryptically,	 about	 the	 great	 shadow	 that	 stalked	 him,	 and	 when	 Theo	 was	 safe,	 far	 away
from	 Loeanneth,	 she’d	 finally	 asked	 him	 about	 Howard.	 He’d	 been	 angry	 at	 first,	 and
more	 upset	 than	 she’d	 ever	 seen	 him,	 but	 eventually,	 with	 time	 and	 much	 coaxing,	 he
confirmed	the	story	she’d	already	uncovered.	He	told	her	everything,	about	Howard	and
Sophie,	 and	 baby	 Louis,	 too;	 the	 night	 in	 the	 barn	 when	 he’d	 almost	 helped	 his	 friend
escape;	the	terrible	line	he’d	nearly	crossed.	“But	you	didn’t,”	Eleanor	said	at	last,	as	he
wept	on	her	shoulder.
“I	wanted	to;	I	wished	I	had.	I	still	wish	it	sometimes.”
“You	wanted	to	save	Howard.	You	loved	him.”
“I	should	have	saved	him.”
“He	wouldn’t	have	wanted	you	to,	not	like	that.	He	loved	Sophie	and	baby	Louis.	He
considered	 himself	 Louis’s	 father,	 and	 a	 parent	 will	 always	 sacrifice	 themselves	 before
their	child.”
“But	if	there’d	been	another	way	.	.	.”
“There	wasn’t.	I	know	you:	you’d	have	found	it	if	there	were.”
Anthony	had	glanced	at	her	then	and	she’d	glimpsed	the	tiniest	light	of	hope	in	his	eyes
that	she	was	right.
She	continued,	“If	you’d	done	anything	differently	you’d	both	have	been	shot.	Howard
was	right;	he	saw	things	clearly.”
“He	sacrificed	himself	for	me.”
“You	tried	to	help	him.	You	took	a	great	risk	to	help	him.”
“I	failed.”
There’d	been	nothing	she	could	say	to	that.	She’d	simply	sat	with	him	as	he	grieved	for
his	lost	friend.	Finally,	she’d	squeezed	his	hand	firmly	and	whispered,	“You	didn’t	fail	me.
You	made	me	a	promise.	You	said	you	wouldn’t	let	anything	stop	you	coming	home.”
There	 was	 only	 one	 other	 secret	 she	 still	 kept	 from	 him	 and	 that	 was	 the	 truth	 about
what	happened	to	Daffyd.	Anthony	had	loved	him	and	never	would	have	borne	knowing
what	Constance	had	done.	But	Eleanor	had	found	the	empty	bottle	of	sleeping	pills	in	her
mother’s	 room	 and	 she’d	 known.	 Her	 mother	 didn’t	 bother	 to	 deny	 it.	 “It	 was	 the	 only
way,”	she	said.	“The	only	hope	I	had	for	renewal.”
Constance	and	Eleanor’s	relationship,	never	good,	was	untenable	after	that.	There	was
no	 question	 of	 the	 old	 woman	 moving	 with	 them	 to	 London,	 but	 she	 couldn’t	 be
abandoned	either.	Not	entirely.	Eleanor	searched	all	over	before	she	finally	found	Seawall.
It	 was	 expensive,	 but	 worth	 every	 penny.	 “There’s	 no	 better	 nursing	 home	 in	 England.
Such	a	wonderful	position,”	the	matron	had	said	as	she	gave	Eleanor	a	tour,	“immediately

on	the	seafront.	Not	a	room	in	the	building	from	which	one	can’t	hear	the	ocean	rolling	in
and	out,	in	and	out.”
“It’s	 just	 right,”	 Eleanor	 had	 said,	 signing	 the	 admission	 forms.	 And	 it	 was.	 Just	 and
right.	The	unrelenting	sound	of	the	ocean	for	the	rest	of	her	days	had	been	precisely	what
Constance	deserved.
Eleanor	 turned	 into	 the	 street,	 almost	 colliding	 with	 a	 stern-looking	 policeman	 on	 a
bicycle.	 Her	 gaze	 ran	 along	 the	 houses	 until	 it	 reached	 the	 grocery	 store.	 Her	 breaths
lightened	when	she	saw	the	cheery	sign	out	front:	MORE	OPEN	THAN	USUAL!
Relief	was	instant.	It	hadn’t	been	hit.
Eleanor	decided	it	was	just	as	well	while	she	was	here	to	take	a	look	at	the	shopfront.
She	 continued	 walking	 until	 she	 stood	 close	 enough	 to	 peer	 through	 the	 taped	 front
window.	She	took	in	the	name	of	the	shop	painted	proudly	at	the	top	of	the	glass,	and	the
neat	display	of	tins	on	the	shelf	inside.	There	were	two	levels	to	the	brick	house	above,
matching	 curtains	 in	 each	 window.	 This	 was	 a	 nice	 place.	 Comfortable.	 Eleanor	 could
imagine	the	effort	it	took	to	keep	the	awning	and	the	glass	so	clean	during	the	air	raids.
The	 bell	 tinkled	 softly	 when	 she	 pushed	 open	 the	 door.	 It	 was	 a	 small	 shop,	 but
surprisingly	well	stocked	given	the	shortages.	Someone	had	gone	to	a	lot	of	effort	to	make
sure	 there	 were	 interesting	 items	 to	 offer	 war-weary	 customers.	 Ben	 had	 said	 his	 friend,
Flo,	was	a	force	to	be	reckoned	with:	“She	never	does	anything	by	halves.”	It	had	been
one	of	the	things,	along	with	his	assurance	that	his	friend	was	kind	and	good	and	true,	that
had	 helped	 Eleanor	 warm	 to	 this	 woman	 she’d	 never	 met,	 to	 whom	 she	 was	 going	 to
entrust	so	much	of	her	heart.
The	shop	was	very	still.	It	smelled	of	fresh	tea	leaves	and	powdered	milk.	There	was	no
one	 behind	 the	 counter	 and	 Eleanor	 told	 herself	 it	 was	 a	 sign.	 She	 had	 seen	 what	 she’d
come	to	see	and	now	it	was	time	to	go.
But	a	door	in	the	wall	at	the	back	of	the	shop	was	ajar	and	it	struck	her	that	it	must	lead
into	the	house.	The	place	where	he	slept	at	night	and	ate	his	meals,	and	laughed	and	cried
and	leapt	and	sang,	the	home	in	which	he	lived.
Her	heart	was	beating	quickly	now.	She	wondered	whether	she	dared	peek	behind	the
door?	 Eleanor	 glanced	 over	 her	 shoulder	 and	 saw	 a	 woman	 with	 a	 black	 perambulator
trundling	along	the	street	outside.	There	was	no	one	else	in	the	shop.	All	she	had	to	do	was
slip	through	the	opening.	She	drew	a	deep	steadying	breath	and	then	startled	when	a	noise
came	from	behind	her.	She	spun	around	in	time	to	see	a	boy	appear	from	behind	the	shop
counter.
She	knew	him	at	once.
He’d	been	sitting	on	the	floor	the	whole	time	and	looked	at	her	now	with	wide	eyes.	He
had	a	mop	of	straight	sandy	hair	that	fell	like	an	upturned	pudding	bowl	and	was	wearing
a	white	apron	tied	around	his	waist.	It	was	too	long	for	him	and	had	been	doubled	over	to
fit.

He	was	about	nine	years	old.	No,	not	about,	he	was	nine	years	old.	Nine	years	and	two
months,	 to	 be	 precise.	 He	 was	 slight	 but	 not	 thin,	 and	 his	 cheeks	 were	 full.	 He	 smiled
openly	at	Eleanor,	like	someone	who	knew	the	world	to	be	a	good	place.
“Sorry	to	keep	you	waiting,”	he	said.	“We	haven’t	much	in	the	way	of	milk	today,	I’m
afraid,	but	we’ve	a	few	nice	eggs	just	came	in	from	a	farm	out	Kent	way.”
Eleanor	was	light-headed.	“Eggs,”	she	managed	to	say.	“Eggs	would	be	lovely.”
“One	or	two?”
“Two,	please.”
She	took	out	her	ration	book	and,	as	the	boy	turned	to	a	basket	on	the	shelf	behind	the
counter	and	started	wrapping	the	eggs	in	squares	of	old	newspaper,	she	crept	closer.	She
could	feel	her	heart	beating	against	her	rib	cage.	If	she	just	reached	out	her	arm	she’d	be
able	to	touch	him.
She	folded	her	hands	together	firmly	on	the	counter	and	noticed	a	book.	It	was	scuffed
and	dog-eared	and	missing	its	dust	jacket.	It	hadn’t	been	there	when	she	entered	the	shop.
The	 boy	 must	 have	 brought	 it	 with	 him	 from	 his	 hiding	 spot	 on	 the	 floor.	 “You	 like	 to
read?”
The	 boy	 shot	 a	 guilty	 glance	 over	 his	 shoulder;	 his	 cheeks	 were	 instantly	 pink.	 “My
mum	says	I’m	a	natural.”
My	mum.	Eleanor	winced.	“Does	she?”
He	nodded,	frowning	slightly	and	with	great	attention	to	detail	as	he	finished	twisting
the	ends	of	the	second	egg	bonbon.	He	brought	them	both	to	the	counter	and	then	tucked
the	book	onto	a	shelf	beneath.	He	glanced	at	Eleanor,	saying	solemnly,	“I’m	not	actually
supposed	to	read	while	I’m	minding	the	shop.”
“I	used	to	be	like	that	when	I	was	your	age.”
“Did	you	grow	out	of	it?”
“Not	really.”
“I	don’t	think	I	will	either.	I’ve	already	read	that	one	four	times.”
“Well,	then,	you	must	know	it	almost	by	heart.”
He	 smiled	 proud	 agreement.	 “It’s	 about	 a	 girl	 who	 lives	 in	 a	 big	 old	 house	 in	 the
country	and	discovers	a	secret	doorway	to	another	world.”
Eleanor	steadied	herself.
“The	girl	lives	in	a	place	called	Cornwall.	Have	you	heard	of	it?”
She	nodded.
“Have	you	been	there?”
“I	have.”
“What’s	it	like?”
“The	 air	 smells	 like	 the	 ocean,	 and	 everything	 is	 very	 green.	 There	 are	 marvelous

gardens	 filled	 with	 strange	 and	 wonderful	 plants	 you	 won’t	 see	 anywhere	 else	 in
England.”
“Yes,”	he	said,	his	eyes	bright.	“Yes,	that’s	just	what	I	thought.	My	uncle	told	me	so.
He’s	been	there	too,	you	see.	He	said	there	really	are	houses	like	the	one	in	my	book,	with
lakes	and	ducks	and	secret	tunnels.”
“I	grew	up	in	a	place	like	that.”
“Wow.	You’re	lucky.	Uncle	Ben—he’s	fighting	in	the	war	right	now—he’s	the	one	who
sent	me	this	postcard.”
Eleanor	 looked	 where	 the	 boy	 was	 pointing.	 A	 sepia	 photograph	 of	 an	 overgrown
garden	gate	had	been	taped	to	the	side	of	the	cash	register.	White	cursive	writing	swirled
across	the	bottom	right	corner,	wishing	the	recipient	Magic	Memories.
“Do	you	believe	in	magic?”	he	asked	earnestly.
“I	think	so.”
“Me	too.”
They	smiled	at	one	another,	a	moment	of	perfect	accord,	and	Eleanor	felt	herself	on	the
threshold	 of	 something	 she	 hadn’t	 foreseen	 and	 couldn’t	 properly	 describe.	 Possibility
seemed	to	infuse	the	air	between	them.
But	then	a	swirl	of	noise	and	movement	arrested	their	attention	and	a	woman	bustled	in
from	the	door	at	the	back	of	the	shop.	She	had	dark	curly	hair	and	an	animated	face	with
full	lips	and	bright	eyes,	the	sort	of	indomitable	spirit	that	filled	a	room	and	made	Eleanor
feel	thin	and	flimsy.
“What	 are	 you	 doing	 there,	 love?”	 She	 ruffled	 the	 boy’s	 hair	 and	 smiled	 at	 him	 with
enormous	love.	She	turned	her	attention	to	Eleanor.	“Has	Bertie	here	looked	after	you?”
“He’s	been	very	helpful.”
“Not	keeping	you	from	getting	on	with	things,	I	hope?	My	lad	could	talk	the	legs	off	an
iron	pot	if	I	let	him.”
Bertie	grinned	and	Eleanor	could	see	it	was	a	running	joke	between	them.
A	 pain	 seized	 her	 chest	 and	 she	 reached	 out	 to	 hold	 the	 counter.	 She	 was	 suddenly
dizzy.
“You	all	right	there?	You	look	a	bit	green.”
“It’s	nothing.”
“You	sure?	Bertie—go	put	the	kettle	on,	love.”
“No,	 really,”	 said	 Eleanor.	 “I	 should	 be	 going.	 I’ve	 a	 lot	 of	 calls	 left	 to	 make.	 Thank
you	for	the	eggs,	Bertie.	I’m	going	to	enjoy	them.	I	haven’t	seen	real	ones	in	such	a	long
time.”
“Hard-boiled,”	he	said,	“that’s	the	only	way	to	have	eggs.”

“I	 couldn’t	 agree	 more.”	 The	 bell	 above	 the	 door	 tinkled	 again	 as	 she	 opened	 it	 and
Eleanor	had	a	flash	of	memory,	a	day	ten	years	before,	when	she’d	pushed	open	the	postoffice	door	and	run	into	Ben.
The	boy	called	after	her,	“I’ll	make	you	a	cup	of	tea	next	time	you	come.”
And	 Eleanor	 smiled	 back	 at	 him.	 “I’d	 like	 that	 very	 much,”	 she	 said.	 “Very	 much
indeed.”

35
LONDON,	2004

They	 met	 at	 the	 Natural	 History	 Museum,	 just	 as	 they	 always	 did	 on	 Eleanor’s
anniversary.	They	didn’t	hug,	that	wasn’t	their	way,	but	they	linked	arms,	each	shoring	the
other	 up	 a	 little	 as	 they	 did	 the	 rounds.	 Neither	 spoke;	 instead	 they	 walked	 together
quietly,	lost	in	their	own	private	memories	of	Anthony	and	Loeanneth	and	all	the	things
they’d	learned,	too	late	to	help	him	but	soon	enough	to	bring	a	measure	of	resolution	to
their	own	lives.
The	 others	 joined	 them	 afterwards	 for	 tea	 at	 the	 V&A.	 Even	 Bertie	 made	 the	 trip	 up
from	 Cornwall.	 “I	 wouldn’t	 dream	 of	 missing	 it,”	 he’d	 said	 when	 Alice	 telephoned	 him
with	 the	 invitation.	 “Besides,	 I	 was	 already	 planning	 to	 come	 to	 London	 that	 week.
There’s	a	certain	grand	opening	to	attend,	after	all.”
He	was	already	holding	a	table	when	Deborah	and	Alice	arrived,	and	waved	them	over.
He	stood,	smiling,	embracing	them	each	in	turn.	Strange,	Alice	thought,	as	Deborah	patted
his	 cheeks	 and	 laughed,	 the	 way	 their	 abhorrence	 of	 physical	 greetings	 didn’t	 extend	 to
their	little	brother.	It	was	as	if,	having	missed	so	much	time	together,	they	felt	a	physical
need	to	bridge	the	years.	Or	perhaps	it	was	because	they’d	lost	him	when	he	was	so	very
small	that	the	love	they	felt	demanded	tactile	expression,	in	the	same	way	an	adult	cannot
help	but	reach	to	hold	a	child.	Whatever	the	case,	they	treasured	him.	It	occurred	to	Alice
how	pleased	Eleanor	would	be	to	know	that	they’d	found	each	other	again.
Sadie	 came	 next,	 a	 handful	 of	 papers	 in	 her	 arms.	 She	 walked	 as	 quickly	 as	 always,
head	down	as	she	tried	to	shuffle	the	sheets	back	into	order.	“Sorry,”	she	said,	arriving	at
the	table.	“Tube	was	delayed.	I’m	late.	Story	of	my	life	at	the	moment	trying	to	get	things
ready	in	time	for	the	opening.	Hope	I	haven’t	kept	you	waiting	too	long?”
“Not	at	all,”	said	Deborah,	smiling	fondly.	“We’ve	only	just	arrived	ourselves.”
“And	here’s	Peter	now,”	said	Bertie,	nodding	towards	the	entrance.
Sadie	 handed	 the	 manuscript	 to	 Alice.	 “I’ve	 marked	 anything	 I	 could	 find,	 but	 there
wasn’t	 a	 lot.	 Just	 a	 few	 procedural	 things.	 Oh,	 Alice”—she	 dropped	 her	 handbag	 and
collapsed	 onto	 a	 spare	 seat—“it’s	 a	 good	 one.	 Very	 good.	 I	 couldn’t	 turn	 the	 pages	 fast
enough.”
Alice	looked	pleased	but	not	entirely	surprised.	“I’m	happy	to	say	that	number	fifty-one
proved	rather	more	obliging	than	number	fifty.”
Peter	arrived	at	the	table,	leaning	to	kiss	Sadie	on	the	cheek.	She	clutched	his	shirt	and
kissed	him	back.	“How	did	it	go?”	she	said.	“Did	you	get	it?”
“Right	here.”	He	tapped	his	satchel.

“How	did	you	manage	that?	They	told	me	it	would	be	at	least	another	week.”
He	smiled	mysteriously.	“I	have	my	ways.”
“I’ll	bet	you	do.”
“He	does,	and	he’s	my	assistant,”	said	Alice,	“so	don’t	even	think	about	stealing	him.”
“I	wouldn’t	dare.”
“Go	on	then,”	said	Bertie.	“Don’t	keep	us	all	in	suspense.	Let’s	have	a	look	at	it.”
Peter	took	a	flat	rectangular	parcel	from	his	backpack	and	unwrapped	the	tissue	paper.
The	metal	gleamed	silver	when	he	held	it	up	for	them	to	see.
Alice	put	on	her	glasses	and	leaned	closer	to	read	the	engraving.	“S.	Sparrow,	Private
Investigator.	Please	ring	doorbell	for	assistance.”	She	folded	her	glasses	again	and	tucked
them	in	their	case.	“Well,”	she	said,	“it’s	to	the	point	and	I	like	that.	I	don’t	hold	with	cute
business	names.	As	the	Sparrow	Flies,	Bird’s-Eye	View	.	.	.”
“The	Early	Bird	Catches	the	Worm,”	said	Peter.
“Actually,	I	quite	like	that	one,”	said	Bertie.
“Alas,	I	can’t	claim	it,”	said	Peter.	“That	was	one	of	Charlotte’s.”
“Is	she	coming?”
“Not	today,”	said	Sadie.	“Too	much	homework.	But	she	said	she’d	try	to	make	it	to	the
opening	of	the	agency	on	Saturday	night.”
“Well,	then,”	said	Bertie,	with	a	smile	of	something	like	pride	and	satisfaction	and	deep
contentment	all	wrapped	into	one,	“what	do	you	all	think?	Shall	we	skip	tea	just	this	once
and	have	some	sparkling	wine	instead?	It	seems	to	me	we	have	an	awful	lot	to	celebrate.”

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Enormous	 thanks	 are	 due,	 as	 always,	 to	 many	 people.	 The	 inestimable	 Annette	 Barlow
read,	considered,	and	commented	upon	more	copies	of	the	manuscript	than	anyone	should
ever	have	to,	and	Maria	Rejt	was	at	all	times	exceedingly	kind,	thoughtful,	and	wise.	You
are	precious	gems,	both,	and	make	publishing	a	joy.
Heartfelt	gratitude	to:	my	dear	friends	at	Allen	&	Unwin,	Australia,	especially	Christa
Munns,	 Karen	 Williams,	 Tami	 Rex,	 and	 Andy	 Palmer,	 who	 have	 yet	 again	 humbled	 me
with	their	enthusiasm	and	expertise;	Ali	Lavau	and	Simone	Ford	for	their	wordsmithery
and	 regard	 for	 details;	 Wenona	 Byrne	 for	 her	 astonishing	 range	 of	 talents;	 and	 Robert
Gorman	for	his	enduring	belief	in	me	and	my	books.
My	treasured	crew	at	Pan	Macmillan,	UK,	including	Eloise	Wood,	Sophie	Orme,	Josie
Humber,	 Geoff	 Duffield,	 Anna	 Bond,	 Stuart	 Dwyer,	 Jonathan	 Atkins,	 Katie	 James,	 and
Anthony	 Forbes	 Watson,	 who	 bring	 such	 fierce	 energy	 and	 ability	 to	 the	 party;	 Rachel
Wright	 and	 Kate	 Moore	 for	 their	 eagle	 eyes;	 and	 Liz	 Cowen	 for	 her	 spectacular
knowledge	of	all	things.
And	everyone	at	Atria	Books,	New	York,	for	their	tremendous	dedication	and	skill,	in
particular	 Lisa	 Keim,	 Judith	 Curr,	 and	 Carolyn	 Reidy,	 as	 well	 as	 Kimberly	 Goldstein,
Isolde	 Sauer,	 Lisa	 Sciambra,	 and	 Hillary	 Tisman;	 and	 the	 amazing	 team	 in	 Canada—
Kevin	Hanson,	David	Millar,	and	Rita	Silva.
I	am	also	indebted	to	the	many	exceptional	publishers	and	translators	by	whose	efforts
my	 books	 are	 read	 in	 languages	 I	 cannot	 read	 myself;	 to	 Bolinda	 Publishing,	 Australia,
and	 Caroline	 Lee	 for	 producing	 such	 spellbinding	 audio	 editions;	 and	 to	 every	 single
bookseller,	librarian,	journalist,	and	reader	who	has	embraced	my	novels—a	story	is	only
black	marks	on	a	white	page	until	it’s	being	read.
My	family	and	friends	are	inexhaustibly	helpful.	Thank	you	to	Julia	Kretschmer,	who	was
there	 at	 the	 beginning,	 full	 of	 encouragement	 when	 the	 story	 was	 just	 a	 handful	 of	 odd
puzzle	pieces	that	seemed	like	they	might	fit	together;	my	agent,	Selwa	Anthony,	for	her
inimitable	 generosity,	 care,	 and	 acuity;	 Di	 McKean	 for	 being	 a	 reasonable,	 calm,	 and
organized	 ally;	 Mary-Rose	 MacColl	 and	 Louise	 Limerick	 for	 their	 much-appreciated
writerly	fellowship;	Herbert	and	Rita	Davies,	who	were	brilliant	and	beloved	mentors;	and
Karen	Robson,	Dalerie	Patterson,	and	Di	Morton,	for	giving	me	the	precious	gift	of	time.
I	 would	 like	 to	 make	 special	 mention	 of	 Didee,	 whose	 unwavering	 love	 and
compassion	 is	 an	 example,	 always,	 of	 the	 lengths	 to	 which	 a	 mother	 will	 go	 for	 her
children.

Most	 of	 all,	 as	 ever,	 I’d	 like	 to	 thank	 my	 husband,	 Davin,	 who	 is	 clever,	 funny,	 and
kind,	and	my	three	sons,	Oliver,	Louis,	and	Henry,	who	have,	between	them,	made	me	a
more	clear-sighted,	multilayered,	vulnerable,	brave	(and,	I	hope,	better)	person	and	writer.
The	 complete	 list	 of	 sources	 consulted	 in	 the	 writing	 of	 The	 Lake	 House	 is	 too	 long	 to
include	 here,	 but	 some	 of	 the	 most	 useful	 and	 used	 were	 The	 Perfect	 Summer:	 England
1911,	Just	Before	the	Storm	by	Juliet	Nicolson;	The	Victorian	House	by	Judith	Flanders;
Talking	 About	 Detective	 Fiction	 by	 P.	 D.	 James;	 The	 Reason	 Why:	 An	 Anthology	 of	 the
Murderous	Mind,	edited,	with	an	introduction	by	Ruth	Rendell;	For	Love	and	Courage:
The	Letters	of	Lieutenant	Colonel	E.W.	Hermon	from	the	Western	Front	1914–1917,	edited
by	 Anne	 Nason;	 A	 War	 of	 Nerves	 by	 Ben	 Shephard;	 and	 Testament	 of	 Youth	 by	 Vera
Brittain	(from	which	I	gleaned	the	grim	headmaster’s	line,	“If	a	man	cannot	be	useful	to
his	country,	he	is	better	dead”).
The	 website	 www.beaumontchildren.com	 provided	 information	 regarding	 the
investigative	process,	and	www.firstworldwar.com	contains	a	wealth	of	material	on	shell
shock.	It	is	also,	incidentally,	the	very	website	that	Sadie	consults	after	her	meeting	with
Margot	 Sinclair.	 I	 read	 many	 online	 accounts	 of	 young	 women’s	 experiences	 with	 the
adoption	process.	Most	were	anonymous	and	I	am	grateful	to	the	authors	for	being	brave
enough	to	share	their	stories.
The	county	of	Cornwall	remains	a	great	source	of	inspiration	to	me,	and	it	has	been	a
real	pleasure	to	spend	so	much	of	my	imaginative	time	there.

Want	more	from	Kate	Morton?

The	Secret	Keeper
CLICK	HERE	TO	ORDER

The	Distant	Hours
CLICK	HERE	TO	ORDER

The	Forgotten	Garden
CLICK	HERE	TO	ORDER

The	House	at	Riverton
CLICK	HERE	TO	ORDER

ORDER	YOUR	COPIES	TODAY!

KATE	MORTON	is	the	author	of	The	Secret	Keeper,	The	Distant	Hours,	The	Forgotten
Garden,	and	The	House	at	Riverton.	She	lives	with	her	family	in	Brisbane,	Australia.
Learn	more	at	www.katemorton.com.
MEET	THE	AUTHORS,	WATCH	VIDEOS	AND	MORE	AT

SimonandSchuster.com
authors.simonandschuster.com/Kate-Morton
	Facebook.com/KateMortonAuthor
	Facebook.com/AtriaBooks
	@AtriaBooks

ALSO	BY	KATE	MORTON

The	House	at	Riverton
The	Forgotten	Garden
The	Distant	Hours
The	Secret	Keeper

ATRIA.	Where	great	books	come	to	light.
Atria,	defined	as	central	living	spaces	open	to	the	air	and	sky,	perfectly	captures	the	vision
that	drives	this	innovative	book	publisher:	to	create	an	environment	where	new	ideas	can
flourish,	 the	 best	 writers	 of	 fiction	 and	 nonfiction	 can	 thrive	 and	 connect	 with	 an	 everwidening	readership,	and	the	best	practices	of	traditional	publishing	can	be	integrated	with
cutting-edge	 developments	 in	 the	 digital	 world.	 In	 short,	 a	 place	 where	 great	 books	 can
come	to	light.
The	 Atria	 Publishing	 Group	 proudly	 publishes	 books	 for	 readers	 of	 all	 tastes	 and
interests	 under	 these	 imprints:	 Atria	 Books,	 Atria	 Español,	 Atria	 Paperback,	 Atria
Unbound,	 Atria/Beyond	 Words,	 Cash	 Money	 Content,	 Emily	 Bestler	 Books,	 Enliven
Books,	Howard	Books,	Keywords	Press,	Marble	Arch	Press,	Strebor	Books	International,
37	INK,	and	Washington	Square	Press.
Atria-Books.com
Facebook.com/AtriaBooks
Twitter.com/AtriaBooks

We	hope	you	enjoyed	reading	this	Atria	Books	eBook.
Join	our	mailing	list	and	get	updates	on	new	releases,	deals,	bonus	content	and	other	great	books	from	Atria	Books
and	Simon	&	Schuster.
CLICK	HERE	TO	SIGN	UP
or	visit	us	online	to	sign	up	at
eBookNews.SimonandSchuster.com

An	Imprint	of	Simon	&	Schuster,	Inc.
1230	Avenue	of	the	Americas
New	York,	NY	10020
www.SimonandSchuster.com
This	book	is	a	work	of	fiction.	Any	references	to	historical	events,	real	people,	or	real	places	are	used	fictitiously.	Other
names,	characters,	places,	and	events	are	products	of	the	author’s	imagination,	and	any	resemblance	to	actual	events	or
places	or	persons,	living	or	dead,	is	entirely	coincidental.
Copyright	©	2015	by	Kate	Morton
Published	by	arrangement	with	Allen	&	Unwin	Pty	Ltd.
Jacket	design	by	Lynn	Buckley
Jacket	photograph	©	Karolina	Kumorek	/	Trevillion	Images	(Woman)
Château	de	la	Bretesche,	Missillac,	France	©	Cultura	RM	/	SEB	Oliver	/	Getty	Images
Author	photograph	by	Gavin	Patterson
All	rights	reserved,	including	the	right	to	reproduce	this	book	or	portions	thereof	in	any	form	whatsoever.	For
information	address	Atria	Books	Subsidiary	Rights	Department,	1230	Avenue	of	the	Americas,	New	York,	NY	10020
First	Atria	Books	hardcover	edition	October	2015
	and	colophon	are	trademarks	of	Simon	&	Schuster,	Inc.
For	information	about	special	discounts	for	bulk	purchases,	please	contact	Simon	&	Schuster	Special	Sales	at	1-866506-1949	or	business@simonandschuster.com.
The	Simon	&	Schuster	Speakers	Bureau	can	bring	authors	to	your	live	event.	For	more	information,	or	to	book	an	event,
contact	the	Simon	&	Schuster	Speakers	Bureau	at	1-866-248-3049	or	visit	our	website	at	www.simonspeakers.com.
Library	of	Congress	Cataloging-in-Publication	Data
Morton,	Kate,	date.
 The	lake	house	:	a	novel	/	Kate	Morton.	—	First	Atria	Books	hardcover	edition.
  pages	cm
 I.	Title.
 PR9619.4.M74L35	2015
 823’.92—dc23
2015031686
ISBN	978-1-4516-4932-1
ISBN	978-1-4516-4937-6	(ebook)

CONTENTS

Chapter	1
Chapter	2
Chapter	3
Chapter	4
Chapter	5
Chapter	6
Chapter	7
Chapter	8
Chapter	9
Chapter	10
Chapter	11
Chapter	12
Chapter	13
Chapter	14
Chapter	15
Chapter	16
Chapter	17
Chapter	18
Chapter	19
Chapter	20
Chapter	21
Chapter	22
Chapter	23
Chapter	24
Chapter	25
Chapter	26

Chapter	27
Chapter	28
Chapter	29
Chapter	30
Chapter	31
Chapter	32
Chapter	33
Chapter	34
Chapter	35
Acknowledgments
About	Kate	Morton
About	Atria	Books

